My oldest memory.
Within far-off mists where even the date was vague.
A luxurious private room embodying the dignity of nobles.
Therein was a canopied bed and a European chair. 
But I preferred to sit on the floor.
Especially on these days.
I could see the curtain of a black starry night through my window.
My eyes were drawn to the scattered twinkles cut off by the window frame.
I saw my reflection in the glass separating the outside world from the room's interior.
A privileged young noblewoman---
A graceful girl covered in a Western dress.
Who on Earth are you?
Girl: "......Taichi."
The world is beautiful.
That's what I thought as I looked over the town. I must be crazy.
But that doesn't make it any less beautiful.
The verdant summer atmosphere.
So graceful that it seemed unfair to describe it with only a single phrase.
The view from the mountaintop always gave me that impression.
Between the softly breathing trees, I could see a flock of white buildings isolated from the outside world by these mountains.
A town.
A new, clean and tranquil town......far from the region's capital.
In other words, the boondocks.
The main body of the town stands between other steep mountains on the far side of this one.
By the way, there is a sliver of a trail which eventually ends at the heart of the town, so you could gain access to rental shops, arcades, bookstores, bars and even health services.
There lies the ripened fruit of a culture bent on the extremities of fulfillment.
Commonly called a "city."
Now, on this side.
The houses piled up like mountains.
The mountains also piled up like mountains.
Then there's the school. Only one of those.
If you wanted to find something else that stood out, it'd all seem very normal.
This side of town was here to tend to the city, manage the days, greet the people working like coach horses, see them off, give birth to them (Adult joke #1), then at night, kindly allow them to sleep loudly.
Essentially a bedtown.
Even though they're both the same town.
There seems to be complex political circumstances.
Thus, on the map, that majestic mountain dividing the two came to be labeled as a "hill." 
From any point of view, it's no trivial affair.
It guarantees that someone will see the map, mistake it for an actual hill, bring their wife and son along on a hiking trip, and get into an accident.
The only means of transportation to the city are the train and the unpaved mountain road.
Technically, there's a road if you go toward the opposite peak.
But that's really just a detour.
It's useless added distance.
We're out in the country.
Once, a guy named Sakuraba from our class said,
Sakuraba: 『I will conquer the peak with this new bike. I feel this is something I have to do.』
He flashed his teeth and set off on his journey.
Then,
Sakuraba didn't come home for three days, and the police were deployed.
We believe he was trying out the mountain bike he'd just bought.
Nevertheless, he got full of himself, arriving at a point five kilometers away from the neighboring Aihara Town (super far away) before being stopped.
While fleeing through one of the few paved roads in these mountains, he was apprehended.
Sakuraba's family was about as wealthy as Kirihara's (another classmate of mine), and his parents were equally overprotective.
They were called Sakuraba of the West and Kirihara of the East.
Kirihara's family had descended from warriors, and she had a stringent, aristocratic atmosphere about her.
If you lined the whole family up next to each other, they'd make faces as if they'd just chewed bitter insects. They had absolutely no love for one another, only poisoned tongues.
She's commonly called "Harakiri." 
The Sakuraba family was the exact opposite: thoroughly relaxed. The father was a decorated veteran who didn't notice the pain he had in his appendix and continued traveling until the moment of his death.
Without a doubt, that adventurous spirit of his was succeeded by his son.
It's fun to take peeks into the Sakurabas' mellow spontaneity, such as when their son didn't return home by midnight, making his parents exclaim "He's been kidnapped!" and then call up the cops.
Sakuraba was scolded beyond reason by those involved, and his bicycle was impounded.
In addition, he became the laughing stock of the school.
He also monopolized the front page of the school newspaper for a long time.
Particularly with the contents of his ramblings during interviews.
Sakuraba: 『Urgent Information! I saw a mysterious artificial human at Hasukejou's place!』
Sakuraba: 『My thorough twelve-hour investigation revealed forbidden alien technology in the deepest reaches of his house!!』
Sakuraba: 『We'll be able to see shocking truths that we've never been able to imagine even after all of our progress as a species up to now!』
Ridiculous.
In short, on his way home, he took a wrong turn and entered one of the mountains.
He probably thought it was a shortcut.
Then, he coincidentally discovered a certain facility and got overexcited.
Even after this, the interview produced another terrible development.
Sakuraba: 『The secret base』
Sakuraba: 『shocking』
Sakuraba: 『because of the armed soldiers』
Sakuraba: 『overthrow humanity's basic understanding of』
The top five words made use of during that interview:
#1: "Mystery"  22 times
#2: "Shocking"  19 times
#3: "Discovery"  17 times
#4: "Forbidden"  6 times
#5: "Shiver"  4 times
The school newspaper saw Sakuraba as prey, picking him clean down to the marrow of his bones.
Sakuraba learned firsthand the cruelty of mass media.
After that, the stress gave him diarrhea for a week (this also became an article).
On the morning of the eighth day he came to school with a healthy face (this was reported on).
His hair was colored blond (that feature article received numerous complaints).
Since then, his has been a blond life.
He must have conquered the stress by deceiving himself into becoming a new person.
......When I was near him we were called the gold-silver combo.
But enough gossip.
Of course, the super-intelligent life form Sakuraba had seen visiting from space was actually a secretly constructed nuclear power plant bringing luxurious wealth to the townsfolk.
The dirt cheap land turned to a bundle of money right before our eyes.
Modernization progressed, and civilization was enlightened.
Many millionaires were born, buildings were built, and the population increased.
The land was cheap, the taxes were low.
Electricity was free.
That's why there were innumerable meaningless lights in that town.
Though they never went as far as setting up lights on benches.
The town decided on "healing" as their theme.
It was a title worth displaying for a remote town holding a nuclear power plant.
The city hall was already an aesthetic Rococo style building, where everything from the facade to the interior overflowed with the solemn spirit of "We shalt heal thou," and daunted all visitors.
An incoherent land.
Which might be......why it feels so comfortable here.
A broken world that made one feel a strange sense of intimacy.
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Ow."
A flippant sound.
My head tilted to one side.
My neck muscles were strained, and hurt like hell.
Taichi: "......what is it?"
I turned around, and there was a girl.
Taichi: "Oh, it's the empress."
Girl: "......"
Taichi: "Is her majesty in good health?"
I raised one hand as I greeted her.
Girl: "......"
She should be countering those spirited words with something teeming in wit.
Girl: 『Hey‾! Who's an empress‾? Why are you saying such stupid things, you, you!!』
Something like that.
But she never met that expectation.
Yet I could feel her indifferent rage.
Taichi: "What's wrong Kirihara? You should be playing along."
Taichi: "Maybe that's it? That biological issue?"
Girl: "............"
The atmosphere grew drastically heavier.
But I won't stop.
Taichi: "Laurel Crown."
Girl: "Kurosu Taichi......"
The waves of hate swelled up.
Taichi: "Red bean rice."
Touko......that's Kirihara's given name. In my mind I call her that without any honorifics.
Her forehead seems to be tightening.
Girl: "-uu!!"
She was actually saying "Youu!!"
She has a lisp.
Her characteristic intonation.
When Touko, the noblewoman, showed her immaturity in her voice like that, I couldn't help but smile. 
And.
*bonk*
Taichi: "......gufu!!?"
My chin.
A clean hit.
No chance to evade.
As that fist pushed me up, my head leaned back as if pointing to the heavens. 
>      Kirihara Secret Style Positive Direct Attack
A video game-like special effect danced around my mind.
Touko: "......now come help us strike the tents."
A low voice.
If I complained any more, this time I'd be kissing the ground instead of the sky.
That was darkly conveyed to me.
Taichi: "Sure, I'll help out (shaking)."
She silently grabbed my ear and began pulling me to the campsite.
Taichi: "Ah, hey, that hurts..."
Touko: "The hand I hit you with also hurts." 
Taichi: "That's a line only mothers can use when their children have turned into demons and need scolding."
Touko: "We don't have many guys here, so make sure you do your fair share of the work." 
Taichi: "Haven't I already worked enough during this campout......?"
Touko: "Don't loosen up until the very end." 
Taichi: "......you won't let me have any rest at all."
Am I a soldier?
Taichi: "Kirihara."
Touko: "......what?"
Taichi: "Wasn't it a good thing you came along?"
Touko: "............"
Touko: "(hmph)"
I was ignored.
Her rejection of my conversation was piercingly loud.
Even so, today is a day for talking beyond reason.
Having all the comedic dialogue partners I have today is quite rare. 
Touko: "Airhead."
Taichi: "Huh?"
Touko: "When I hit you, it sounded empty."
Touko: "If we don't get your brain cells dividing soon, won't you be in trouble as an adult?" 
Taichi: "Now that's rude. Have I been given a lawyer? Have I now?"
Touko: "You......really......tire me out......"
When her grand sigh reached me, I withered.
I was quietly led along.
My line of sight fell to the expensive-looking dress dangling around her haunches.
Taichi: "Peach."
I whispered so she couldn't hear me.
Touko: "Touch it and you'll sink."
Taichi: "......"
Sink? To where? (shakes head)
Touko: "I have a feeling I just wasted a whole week of my summer vacation."
Taichi: "Translation: It feels like this fun campout is finally going to end, yeah?"
Touko: "......is your brain cracked?"
It's cracked.
Taichi: "I had fun though."
Touko: "Hmph."
Taichi: "......you know you had fun too (muttering)." 
Touko: "Did...you...say...some...thing?" 
Taichi: "No, nothing that I know of..." 
A week-long campout.
How many times did I see her smile? 
A disappointed facial expression is Touko's default setting.
But there's no doubt she had fun.
She's the one who got together all the materials for pitching the tents.
Because this campout was just like another world. 
Taichi: "Owowowowowow!!?"
The grip on my ear tightened.
We exited the forest path to a wide open space.
Filled with light.
Brilliant sunlight.
Touko: "Most of them have already been struck."
Girl: "Hey you two! Where have you been hiding‾!?"
That voice echoed loud and clear.
Distinct vocals.
Our club president.
Touko: "No, that's not what was I doing!"
Taichi: "Owowowow, don't run, that's dangerous! Especially for my ear......ah, ah, loosen up or it'll tear, it's tearing, it's tearing, it's tearing! My precious body is ripping apart‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾!!!"
Club President: "Oh, were you doing something naughty!?"
Club President: "You'll be suspended from school! Suspended‾‾!!!"
Our president's violently shaking voice.
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Touko: "You, you animal......"
Taichi: "Ouch!"
My beloved ear had finally been released. I rubbed it along with my beaten head. 
While smiling.
Taichi: "Geez, that hurt."
Taichi: "Now, time for work, time for work♪"
Touko: "This guy......"
I ran lightly.
Touko: "Seriously......"
Touko's sigh came chasing after me. 
Everyone was there behind the president.
We both ran toward them.
Taichi: "Hey‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾!!!"
I called to them without cause.
The five faces which had been putting away pieces of the tents all turned to me at once.
With all eyes concentrated on me, I wanted to do something crazy.
I threw off my shirt, becoming topless.
Touko: "No, don't!!"
Behind me, the lady screamed as if to reel me back in.
I rushed on, naked and indifferent.
My nipples collaborated with the wind.
I felt five lines of sight. My spirits rose up and up and up.
Taichi: "Please look at me‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾ ‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾!!!"
The five faces returned to their original directions without a single change in expression.
Perfect cooperation. A fake-out of the highest caliber.
Taichi: "Aha!"
Ridiculous, yet delightful.
Just here and now, we're having fun.
Our campout will end.
The new term will start.
Ordinary days will be coming.
A perfectly ordinary tomorrow is coming------
The new term starts today.
Being in a house with no female presence, the process from "waking up" to "going to school" had no cutesy elements to speak of, so I left promptly without following any particular train of thought.
My first walk to school in a month and a half.
The weather was nice.
Though it's still the beginning of September, it hasn't gotten too hot yet. 
My bangs softly glided over my eyelids.
That's the only slight discomfort.
Taichi: "I really wanted to get this cut......" 
Depressing.
Because of the color, I don't like my hair that much.
Taichi: *sigh...*
I started down the road to school while playing with my bangs.
Walking, walking.
Next time, I should have someone else cut it.
Yeah, I'll do that.
Girl: "Heya!"
Taichi: "Yahey."
The girl riding the bike lined herself up next to me with extremely natural timing.
Though tottering, she skillfully kept her balance while matching my pace. 
That's not something which handles itself well at walking speeds.
Her bike seemed to be quite an expensive type.
It was well suited for this merry girl. 
Girl: "Up we go."
She tried doing a slight wheelie. 
Ah, I saw her panties.
White. Too white.
Pure white.
Solid white really is a great color. A wonderful color.
I wanna see more...
Ah, I can't see it anymore.
*ka-chink*
Girl: "Hey, Tai-chan, have you ever been to the other side of the mountain?" 
The girl who'd brilliantly tickled my male heart with a piece of cloth turned her neck in my direction.
Taichi: "I have. I was camping out there until just recently."
Girl: "For summer vacation?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Girl: "......hmmm, so that's how..."
Taichi: "What do you mean, 'that?'"
Girl: "Oh no, it's just that, you know, there's a god in that area." 
The two of us stared at each other for a while.
Then, at the same exact time,
Taichi: "Wahahahahaha."
Girl: "Ahahahahaha."
Taichi: "Wahahahahahahahahahaha."
Girl: "Ahahahahahahahahahaha."
Girl: "That place happens to be one of his favorites."
Taichi: "Don't continue on like nothing happened."
Girl: "Oh no, you should be laughing at this. I'd do the same if someone said that to me with a straight face." 
Taichi: "Then you made that straight face just to make me laugh?"
Girl: "Yes, but......this is a bit of a serious topic." 
Taichi: "A god?"
Girl: "Yes."
Taichi: "If you write that in English it's spelled g-o-d."
The two of us stared at each other for a while.
Taichi: "Wahahahahaha."
Girl: "Ahahahahaha."
Taichi: "Wahahahahahahahahahaha."
Girl: "Ahahahahahahahahahaha."
Girl: "......this conversation's going nowhere... (crying)"
Taichi: "There, there, I'll listen to you. What is it about god? First off, what kind of god is it?" 
Girl: "Aaah, Nanaka-san doesn't know that either."
Taichi: "Oh my......!?"
That moment, I froze.
Taichi: "Huge discovery! Wouldn't that "Nanaka" be way hotter if she wrote her name in hiragana rather than kanji!?" 
Nanaka: "I know that."
She said sharply.
She doesn't seem to be the type to follow abrupt changes in direction. 
Nanaka: "Hey, isn't there a hokora around here?"
Taichi: "If you write 'hokora' in katakana, it sounds like a highly contagious disease." 
Nanaka: "Hey, isn't there a hokora around here?" 
She must not want to follow another tangent.
Taichi: "On the side of that patch through the forest?"
Nanaka: "Yep, yep."
Nanaka: "Oh!!"
As she lifted the handlebars for another wheelie, she executed a jump using only the rear tire.
There was no reason for it, but it was still a pretty good trick.
Taichi: "Gorcious."
*Gorgeous + delicious
Nanaka: "Isn't it?"
A proud smile.
Just for a moment, I was slightly enamored with her.
Nanaka: "The god of the hokora is intensely gorcious."
Nanaka: "Even if nuclear war breaks out, they say he favors this land enough to protect it." 
Taichi: "I don't buy it."
Taichi: "However much gun insurance you may have, it's powerless to protect you from a gun."
Nanaka: "That's beside the point."
Taichi: "21st Century gods ought to be more minimal and precise with their actions." 
Taichi: "Like a god who, when your girlfriend cheated on you with a much cooler guy, would leak it to you via a text message the moment it got physical." 
Nanaka: "Any society partisan enough to agree with that must be on its last legs."
Taichi: "Japan is calmly going mad."
Nanaka: "Up again!"
This time standing on the front wheel.
I'm surprised.
Taichi: "Whoa, that bike is amazing!"
Nanaka: "The bike is......?"
Taichi: "Lemme ride it, lemme!"
Nanaka: "No. Amateurs rejected."
Taichi: "That's harsh."
Nanaka: "One time, my father took it for a spin without asking..."
Nanaka: "He fell off and hurt himself before coming back."
Nanaka: "We had such a big fight..."
Nanaka: "Whenever I asked about his injury, he'd just feign ignorance." 
Taichi: "......your papa must be a hassle." 
Nanaka: "He ordered mom to do the same."
Taichi: "Is he a demon?"
Nanaka: "He docked my allowance for three months." 
Taichi: "I can almost see the family portrait with such a simple flow of emotions." 
Nanaka: "Around that time, he hacked into a coworker's computer for fun and......he put in a program to automatically generate vulgar words inside all of the guy's public folders."
An immature adult......
Nanaka: "However, he mistook his target, and smeared his supervisor's computer with dirty words!"
Taichi: "Wahahahahaha!"
Nanaka: "Ahahahahaha!"
This girl's father is a moron.
Nanaka: "That got his salary cut for three months. Mom couldn't stop laughing!" 
Taichi: "......the world would be at peace if all families were like that." 
Nanaka: "Well, if they were still around, yeah." 
Taichi: "Huh?"
*hop*
The bike did a wheelie again.
Ah, I saw her panties!
Second sighting!
Nanaka: "Up we go."
I saw them again, ah, aaaah!! 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!!!
Pure white, pure white, pure white!!
Eat 'em up, eat 'em up, eat 'em up!!
Bravo!!! Amorous sigh!!!!
Taichi: "Uu..."
I fell to my knees.
Nanaka: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "......just now, my intellect was at risk of declining......" 
Nanaka: "Aaah, so your intellect is unstable?"
Taichi: "I wonder if that bicycle seat likes the feeling of..."
Nanaka: "What?"
Taichi: "Nothing......forget it." 
My rationality finally returned.
I'm really weak against unforeseen erotic events.
I stood up.
Taichi: "Now, let's go to school."
Nanaka: "Why are you leaning so far forward?"
Taichi: "......you're seriously asking that with such a young and innocent voice?"
Nanaka: "?"
Taichi: "Other than it being the result of a spatial dilemma relating to my lowermost parts, I can make no comment." 
Nanaka: "My butt hurts..."
Taichi: "An oboko really shouldn't be......"
Nanaka: "What's an 'oboko?'"
Taichi: "Your butt hurts."
Nanaka: "Hmmm."
Yes, I distracted her.
Nanaka: "Take care! It'd be bad if your descendants prospered!"
Taichi: "Make me some descendants!"
Nanaka: "So honest about his desires it's disgusting."
Taichi: "......an unexpected attack brings out true intentions."
I really felt like thinking twice about what I just did.
Taichi: "Any guy upon seeing a cute girl will rear the ugly red snake head of their desires."
Taichi: "So you're a red snake."
Taichi: "Ah, but normally blue snakes are safe." 
Nanaka: "Are your friends yellow snakes?"
Taichi: "Yeah, you might say a half-erec......"
I became doubtful as I said that.
I timidly turned back.
Taichi: "......are you fed up with this?"
Nanaka smiled brightly.
Nanaka: "No, I'm happy."
Taichi: "Wha-?"
Nanaka: "Hey now, get walking."
Nanaka: "I'll ride backward until your corpus cavernosum goes back to sleep." 
Taichi: "So you knew it all along, you bitch......" 
I still bore deep wounds from the Sakuraba bicycle incident.
Nanaka: "Ooohh, the schooool, it's coming into viewww♪"
Nanaka: "It's whiiite, it's newww, must've cost a looot..."
Taichi: "Would you mind transferring?"
Taichi: "I think you can still get admitted without an entrance exam."
Nanaka: "What about the uniform?"
Taichi: "I-I'll make it for youuuuuu!" 
Nanaka: "......wouldn't you just cut out round holes at the chest?"
Taichi: "Hey! I'd never do something so devilish!!" 
Taichi: "......just, the skirt size...would be three centimeters shorter than usual......if that's not a problem, then......" 
Nanaka: "Such a wimpy form of harassment......" 
Nanaka: "Any-way, I'd better get going."
She pivoted her bike one hundred and eighty degrees. In place. 
Her motor skills were impressive.
Nanaka: "Hey, boy. What I said about the hokora is all true."
Taichi: "......eh?"
Her words had a meaning I couldn't take in.
Nanaka: "If you're ever at a complete standstill......go check it out."
Taichi: "Ah, okay......"
Her expression clouded as she exhaled.
Nanaka: "Not that anything will change, even if I tell you this." 
Taichi: "Nanaka......"
Nanaka: "Whoops, this is starting to sound like some official mission. We can't have that." 
She spun around in place with another wheelie.
After the first revolution, she was already smiling.
Nanaka: "See ya♪"
Beautifully waving her bundle of fingertips.
She touched the tips of her toes to the pedals.
Taichi: "Ah, one question."
To her departing back.
Nanaka: "Whaaat?"
Taichi: "We've never met before, so how did you know my name?"
Nanaka: "Oh...if you want an answer to that......"
A white fingertip shot out, pointing to me.
No, to something behind me.
I turned around, and for several seconds the school was in my field of vision. 
No response.
I returned my gaze to Nanaka.
She'd disappeared.
Along with her bike.
Not a phenomenon which could be explained just by the speed of her bike.
Taichi: "............huh?"
The cicadas weren't chirping. A quiet new term. 
Taichi: "It's morning......?"
I lifted my body.
This was my unchanging room.
I switched off the irritating alarm clock. 
Taichi: *yawn*......
Summer break starts at the beginning of the ninth month.
The heat of summer permeated the room.
I wriggled my body into fresh clothes, and my hand through the strap on my book bag.
There was a sandwich wrapped in plastic left on the dining table.
An egg, vegetable and potato sandwich.
I shall take it with gratitude. 
Taichi: *munch*
Truly tasty.
To me, without any basic life skills, this gift was a blessing.
Now I wouldn't have to assault the convenience store on the way to school.
Taichi: "Thank you for all the delicious meals." 
I pointed my hands east and bowed my head.
Now, to school.
Today looks like it'll be another hot day.
Upper Misaka Town had many hills, as the name implies.
There were a number of slanted surfaces one had to make their way through in order to reach the school. 
Just to make it there included rising, and falling, and rising, and falling again.
It made me think of the vicissitudes of life, while making my soul and my feet feel quite unnerved. 
Taichi: "Heavy."
Even though I was used to it, I felt heavy.
Although, walking is still good.
Climbing these hills on a bicycle would be much worse.
Bikes are intended for use on flat ground.
On a bike, the climbs get even harsher than they are on foot, but the descents are supreme bliss.
It gave me the feeling that only times of distress could continue on forever.
At the hill's summit, I arrived at the intersection which connected to the shopping district.
Yamanobe Miki, one of the two "Flowers," lived in a housing complex not far in that direction.
Miki was my kouhai by one year.
Her hairstyle made her look like a witch from some world-famous fantasy series.
Her looks were, well, a lot like that.
She can't use real magic, but she could be called a magician of words.
Once she starts talking, she won't stop, and even before she's about to start talking, it's hard to stop her.
Despite being a young girl, she has a rich vocabulary, and I never get sick of talking to her.
Miki often hung out with another first year student: Sakura Kiri.
Opposite to Miki's long wavy hair was Kiri's short androgynous hair.
Together they could brighten a place up like a field of flowers.
So they were called The Flowers.
A mascot-like existence in our club.
Besides, Miki loved mini skirts. She always wore one.
She's also seriously cute. And she can play off of my jokes.
Setting aside the fact that I also love mini skirts, there's no reason for me not to like her.
I'm holding her to the promise that she will give me her uniform after she graduates.
Although in exchange for that, the suggestion that I'd give her my second button was courteously rejected.
Taichi: "Heya."
I entered the store on the edge of the shopping district.
『Tasaki Groceries』
Taichi: "Hellooooo."
I spoke toward the back of the store.
No answer.
Taichi: "......guess they're out."
Tasaki Groceries has been left empty for a while now.
The owner, Mr. Tasaki Goichirou (age 47, single) is an unparalleled railway maniac. 
He often drifted out of the store to go take pictures at some far-off railway line. 
As a result, during that time, the store was left open.
An uninhabited shop.
He's a profligate to the core.
He happens to have a face so evil it was said he killed crying kids in his thirties, but after his parents' deaths, his facial features became richer. 
Could it be said that something other than his inheritance changed that fundamentally wild, coarse railway nerd into a decent person? 
Anyway, that lucky man's business remains one of the few local stores for the neighboring residents.
I picked up the notepad and scribbled on it as I walked.
『9／7, Green Tea King, 130￥......Kurosu Taichi』
With the tape that had been left out, I stuck that note to the wall.
I saw that several other memos had already been put up.
Taichi: "Ah, Miki...she already left."
『9／3, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／3, Magnum Litchi, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』
『9／4, Natural Bottled Pet Water, 140￥......Miyasumi Misato』
『9／5, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／5, Great King Doria, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』  『It wasn't that great.』
『9／6, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／6, Pepper Captain, 110￥......Sakura Kiri』
『9／7, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
Miki, you're stretching your credit.
This'll be bad when the time comes for accounting.
And Sakuraba, we don't need your opinion.
Taichi: "Mm?"
Underneath Sakuraba's idiocy there was another memo.
Someone hid theirs?
It caught my interest, so I tore off the top note.
『9／6, Natural Bottled Pet Water x 3, 420￥......Kirihara』
What's this now?
Ojou-sama's greedy enough to buy three at once!
She's rich, yet this embarrassed her, ahh, how lonely... 
I restuck her note in the most obvious spot.
Perfectly flat.
Taichi: "That should do it."
I went to the back of the store and took out a bottle of green tea.
Taichi: "And, put that on credit." 
I left the store.
As the green tea flowed down my throat, I headed for school.
Taichi: "What's this?"
Someone was already in the classroom.
A window seat.
The girl was resting her chin on her hand. She gave me a single glance.
Touko: "......"
With no words, her line of sight moved back outside.
Taichi: "You got here fast."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And yet you're in casual wear again?"
Taichi: "I'm impressed you can wear something so warm."
Touko: "......"
Ignore.
Taichi: "Hey, hey."
I shrugged my shoulders and sat down in my seat......right next to Touko's.
Just like a hedgehog.
Recently, I'd been sharpening my quills.
But I've done the same for everyone else, so it's nothing to worry about.
The quills she has for me, though...... might have a bit of poison on them.
Maybe it's just me.
I might just be overly self-conscious.
But,
But...
Just by thinking that,
I had a spasm.
Taichi: "No, I can't let that happen."
The blessed spasm was small, and there was no danger of it blowing away my rationality.
In exchange for the discomfort of holding down my rising stomach acid, I pushed that spasm's head into the abyss.
Its grotesque tongue cut into the Earth's surface. 
Taichi: "Hey."
Touko: "......what?"
Touko sounded thoroughly fed up.
Taichi: "The bottom of your dress has a tear. I can see your panties."
Touko: "............!! ............!!"
She hurriedly stood up and grabbed her butt with both hands.
Taichi: "Why're you standing up?"
*smack!!*
Taichi: "gufu!"
An unexpected palm slap.
Slipdown.
I fell over spectacularly.
Taichi: "Owwwww."
Touko had already sat back down in the same posture as before.
Taichi: "It was just a joke."
Touko: "......"
She seems unwilling to interact with me.
With clear exclusivity.
But her armor had a lot of chinks.
Dropping my book bag on my desk, I gazed around the mostly empty classroom.
There's still time before class commences. 
What should I do?
  -Go to the Roof
  -Talk to Touko
The club's morning activities ought to be going on around now.
Although morning activities are a bit odd for an academic club.
Taichi: "I'll go check out the roof."
Taichi: "Which means I'm skipping. Please answer the roll call in my place."
Touko laughed through her nose.
Did she think I was looking down on her?
I found this part of her to be naive.
If you're going to ignore me, you have to keep ignoring me.
In order to lessen the value of the one being ignored, you have to be like the air itself; maintain an uninterested face, and don't bare your canines.
Her intentions lack aggression. I give her a 25%.
However, that may be her way of suggesting how she sees me from her perspective.
Touko: "......answer the roll call for you? You must be dreaming."
Taichi: "I'm just optimistic."
I gave her my usual answer and went out into the corridor.
Taichi: "More than you."
Touko: "You don't say......"
But Touko pushed out no more words after that.
She did raise her hips and glare in my direction, but even that gaze was wandering.
Taichi: "If you feel like it, come participate."
Touko: "............"
The kind of eyes one might have when looking upon their parents' murderer.
Any more of this will only breed discord.
I left the classroom quietly......then changed my mind.
Taichi: "I really do love you."
Schoolbooks (she did bring them) flew toward me.
Taichi: "Woah-!"
I closed the door as a shield.
Wahaha......human relations are difficult.
Taichi: "......"
She's the model of a harsh beauty, through and through.
I'll give up on talking to her for now.
Taichi: "Maybe I'll go to the roof..."
I left the classroom.
At the last moment, I felt someone's gaze and turned around.
Touko: "......!!!"
Her hurriedly spun gaze was then released back outside like a javelin.
Taichi: "......"
There's nothing worth pointing out in particular.
I softly closed the door and started down the hallway.
Even though I'm only opening a door, I felt myself hesitate slightly.
I wondered how I should behave around her.
But, humans are creatures of mood, and this morning I was in the mood to come here.
That's enough of an explanation for me.
But what will Sempai think?
That bothered me a little.
I twisted the knob and pushed the iron door outward.
The wind blew.
It was blowing at the moment I stepped outside.
But that mysteriously put me in a sunny mood.
A massive water tower was on the other side of the stairs, but in the direction I was facing, a large antenna rose up, sharing the tower's foundation. 
Taichi: "......ahh."
An antenna, still incomplete.
Due to insufficient parts and knowledge.
As she compensated for that with her optimism, it had slowly taken shape.
Just one girl.
And right now, that one girl was standing with the antenna, cradled in the wind.
I admired her enough to feel envious.
Miyasumi Misato.
Misato-sempai.
Taichi: "Sempaaai!"
As I called out to her, her brown hair became filmy and undulated in the swirling wind.
She turned in my direction.
The strong wind turned her glossy hair into rapids.
Misato-sempai made an effort to part the flow of her hair with one hand, allowing me to see her face.
Misato: "......"
Under the rapidly strengthening sunlight, her expression had become senile. 
Just as the summer days were fading.
That's why I knew that her expression would melt away in a single moment.
Misato: "............?"
Her plump reddened lips bloomed as they formed words.
The wind ringing in my ears drowned out her whispers. 
But, by the movement of her lips, I could understand what she was saying.
I smiled in response.
Taichi: "Here I am‾‾!"
Misato: "Peke-kun......"
Taichi: "Heeellooo!"
I screamed while thrusting both hands in the air.
The corners of Sempai's eyes fell.
Like a film in slow motion, I watched her face settle into a gentle expression. 
Misato: "Heeellooo!"
She answered.
She was her usual self.
Misato: "How are things going, Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "I can see your pantiiees!"
I said that for no reason.
Since she can't possibly hear me.
I actually can see her panties; if I was any closer my rationality would be in jeopardy.
Because I'd prepared myself for the possibility of this strong wind exposing her undergarments,
I managed to remain calm despite witnessing those sinfully sensual third-year girl's thighs and experienced the inescapable passion of an upside-down triangle squeezing its talons around my male heart.
*"the inescapable passion of an upside-down triangle" is Taichian for "the mind of a woman's underwear."
*Taichi's range of preference is wide, but he definitely prefers younger women's panties. As the highest of the pure whites, and the lowest of the lascivious colors, it can alter his erotic standards.
If I hadn't been ready for it, lowly bug that I am, I wouldn't have been able to hold back my lust from the girl's haunches as they induced me to commit sins of the flesh.
Misato: "Whaaat is iiit?"
Taichi: "Please sell me your panties!!"
Misato: "Please make some bread?"
Taichi: "!!??"
She can hear me!? (Mexican pronunciation)
Taichi: "L-l-l-l-l-lunch, let's eat together!!"
Misato: "Ooh, that sounds nice!"
Sempai made little circles with her raised fist.
Misato: "But I don't know how to bake bread."
Taichi: "Th-, that's a shame!"
Misato: "I'm sorry!"
Somehow I managed to distract her.
That was a close one......
I'm keeping my dirty side a secret from Sempai.
Being scorned by her would be a bit painful.
Because she was the one who......when I was all alone......invited me to the Broadcasting Club.
Misato: "Is that what you came here for?"
Taichi: "No, but since I'm here, I'll help out with the club!"
Misato: "Since you're here?"
Her face tightened.
Taichi: "You're a stickler for words."
Misato: *sigh*......"Wait just a moment!"
Misato: "So, how are you?"
She folded her hands together and smiled.
It seemed as if the location of her hands was just right to cover up her groiny.
*Groiny......Taichian for "the mind of the crotch." Without a doubt, he's personifying it.
My mental Photosh*p turned on.
Up and running in 0.1 seconds. After all, it is inside my mind.
On the first pass I cut out Sempai's face from the background.
I searched for a nude picture of a gravure idol in a similar posture.
There was one such image file.
It appeared to be from an old photobook of a then-famous nude idol who'd been riding on her boyfriend's coattails. Hail Buddha. 
Anyway, I merged that picture with the layer with Sempai's face.
Then I did a lot of touch-up, mainly blurring and erasing parts of the overlap at the neck. 
I felt that the breasts were inaccurate, so I looked for a more well-rounded pair and merged them in.
While I was at it, I used the exposed skin from Sempai's real arms and legs.
I looked at the whole body, then began to adjust the brightness and fill in shadows.
I dealt with the difference in skin color by adding a new layer of light yellow, then using soft lines in paint mode.
It was a bit lonely without a background, so I inserted an austere church hall image behind Sempai's layer.
Perfect.
Here was consummated an erotic collage that will last a decade.
Without delay I saved it to the 『Level S』 subfolder within the 『Math Homework』 folder on my mental hard drive.
The images are separated into S, A, B, C and D categories.
S is the strongest. D the weakest.
My real computer uses the same system.
Incidentally, my final will and testament begins with this:
『Please throw away my HD without thinking (Any inspection or use as memorabilia is strictly prohibited; if you look at it I'll haunt you with all of my ghostly power).』
I must never allow my Math Homework folder to be seen by anyone.
Because that Math Homework folder is none other than my wildest urges incarnated.
Yes.
The Math Homework folder is my secret and forbidden ‾Holy Sanctuary‾. 
Misato: "What happened to your Math Homework folder?"
Taichi: "---!!??"
I unconsciously said it out loud!!! (Mexican again)
Taichi: "Lady, might there be something with which I may assist you?"
I respectfully took her hand.
Sempai remained calm.
Misato: "But, isn't it time for class?"
That tilting of her head was criminal.
Taichi: "Class..."
I shook my head excessively and laughed off her question.
Taichi: "Is there really anything I ought to prioritize, other than helping you?"
Misato: "Eh......?"
Sempai was splendid, even when puzzled.
Taichi: "Would you deign to entrust me with ensuring the success of your posterity?"
Misato: "Eh!?"
Taichi: "Ah? Wa?!"
I shut my mouth with my hands.
I need to do something about that habit of blurting out what I'm thinking.
Taichi: "The antenna seems to be taking shape."
Misato: "Yes. I've been working hard on it."
Taichi: "Is it complete yet?"
Misato: "......it isn't even close."
The antenna should've been set up by the dealer.
But they just abandoned it here after delivering it.
Misato: "I'm no specialist, so it's probably not as far along as it looks."
Misato: "The structure isn't a problem, but the wiring and tuning are still untouched."
Taichi: "Ah..."
Unfortunately, I had no such knowledge.
Taichi: "......then I guess there's nothing for me to help with."
Misato: "It's the thought that counts."
I glanced at Sempai's hands, and saw they were covered in wounds.
Aahh.
She really has been slaving away at this.
Even though her arms were too slender to carry even a computer monitor up here.
Taichi: "Umm, Sempai?"
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Why are you trying to do this by yourself?"
Taichi: "The rest of the club is still out there. Why don't we get them together?"
Misato: "......mmm."
Misato: "I am the club president."
Misato: "If the prez doesn't do anything, no one's going to come join her, right?"
Taichi: "Well, it's not like anyone's coming to join you right now......"
Misato: "You came, Peke-kun."
Ow, a lethal counter-argument.
Misato: "Besides, this is something I want to do on my own."
Misato: "I'm just doing what I love to do."
Misato: "Same as everyone."
Taichi: "Everyone......they're not all doing what they love, you know?"
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "I think so."
Somehow.
Taichi: "It may not seem that way, but I'm sure of it."
Taichi: "Since we're in this environment."
Misato: "That applies to me too."
Her expression faltered for a moment.
Then, her smile bloomed once again.
Taichi: "You're strong, Mimimi-sempai."
*Mimimi-sempai = Short for 『Mi』yasu『mi』 『Mi』sato
Misato: "............"
Ah, it came out.
Her raw countenance.
An expression so colorless it seemed indifferent.
This is her 『I'm very irritated』 face.
Misato: "Is there a Sempai by that name?"
Taichi: "I'm sorry, my mistake, Mimi-sempai."
*smirk*
Misato: "No problem Peke-kun, I feel calmer already."
Damn she's cute.
But I wonder why one extra 'mi' bugs her that much......
Moreover, why is she perfectly fine with 'Mimi-sempai?'
Misato: "So you're here to help out?"
Taichi: "Well, yes."
Though in reality I just wanted to tease her more.
Misato: "Such a good boy‾"
She patted me on the head.
Her soft fingertips ran over my hair.
Ah, she's rubbing the top of my hair so delicately......my hips are itching. (I'm a horrible person)
Misato: "Is something wrong?"
Taichi: "A tent has been constructed."
Misato: "Eh, where is it?"
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai, please tell me about the range of math formulas you learned last term."
Misato: "Okay."
Misato: "○×▽□○×▽□○×▽□○×▽□......"
I stood straight up in inverse proportion to the incomprehensibility of her statements.
Taichi: "Excuse me a moment, Mamodeiselle."
Misato: "You're suddenly speaking like a gentleman."
Taichi: "Being a gentleman is my livelihood."
Misato: "Also that's Mademoiselle, not Mamodeiselle."
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "Now, what shall I help you with?"
Misato: "But, it's already past the time for classes to start......"
Both of her hands were shaking.
Sempai, are you holding maracas?
  -Make fun of her
  -Knock her down
  -Make her atone
How'm I supposed to make a joke out of that!!??
Taichi: "Time for class..."
Since the bell hadn't rung, I didn't notice.
Taichi: "You going to cut?"
Misato: "Oh my, it seems we have a naughty child here."
Misato: "......but yes, I will."
She looked up at the sky and sighed.
Misato: "I am a naughty child..."
Taichi: "What did you say?"
Misato: "No, it's nothing."
Misato: "Still, it's hot during the day......so I won't be working up here."
Misato: "So even if I cut, there won't be anything to do."
Taichi: "Ah, I see."
It would be a problem if she got sunstroke.
Misato: "I'll start this up again in the evening."
Taichi: "May I help?"
Misato: "You are stronger than me, Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Huh?"
Misato: "You can arrange your feelings and decide on what you're going to do."
This topic suddenly returned.
Taichi: "Aren't you that way too, Sempai?"
A hint of sorrow materialized on the outline of her oval face.
She looked ready to cry, and my chest tightened.
That's right.
She's the only one who can make me feel this.
This ordinary, natural and prideful......yearning.
Regardless of my feelings toward the other sex, I feel as if......I like this person.
I want her to be happy.
I don't want her to hate me.
Misato: "Is something wrong?"
Taichi: "Dowaa!!?"
Sempai's face was within inches of mine.
Misato: "Wa-?"
Taichi: "I died and went to heaven."
Misato: "Hmm, heaven......hmm."
I impressed her somehow.
Taichi: "It's gotten pretty hot. Should we go back inside?"
Misato: "Let's do that."
The Broadcasting Club president-san moved her eyes onto the antenna, just once.
Taichi: "......"
I don't know what she was thinking at that moment.
She's not the type to show her true self that easily.
That's why her amazed face a moment ago was so precious.
I learned that her gentle face was nothing more than a mask.
The cicadas are noisy.
Even in this heat.
Those guys are always giving it their all.
Taichi: "Even so,"
What am I going to do from now on?
With the roasting sun above the roof, there weren't many places I could go to cool down.
I tried peeking into a nearby classroom, but as I feared, there was a class in session.
Year 1, Class E.
Machiko-sensei teaches them.
Satou Machiko.
Her height was 173 cm, and she was the owner of a glamorous, dynamite body, yet she had no history of wearing brand name clothing. Her glasses looked great on her, and her long hair had a dark indigo luster--
Heightening her chicness further were those captivating, glossy, plump, charming lips which, in my eyes, made her the strongest life form of all.
It's her second year of employment here.
She became a teacher the same year we came here.
And now that woman was moving toward the blackboard.
But, Machiko-sensei held deep sins.
Yes, she was a sinner.
One could say the lion's share of those sins lies in the bulges sticking out from within her shirt.
Even though her actual body was tall and thin, her breasts were so massive they seemed ready to tear off at any moment, and I dare say it would be magnificent to see them fly away in opposite directions-- 
Her classes were seductive enough to drench me in such thoughts, during which I was exponentially more useless than usual.
Her buttocks were yet another heinous weapon.
No less dangerous than a fourteen-year-old who'd snapped for some reason and grabbed a knife.
Those rounded hips strained my nerves, and if I were ever pushed into that space all men envied within her tight skirt, I'd likely say: 『My immature flesh can't relax in these confined quarters!』
There had been five or ten times when I'd thought of sliding a cutting knife through the center of her skirt, where it forms a bridge across her butt crack.
A dangerous woman.
Because of the evil principal and gang bosses, her little sister (a student who's great at academics and sports and is equally popular with boys and girls) was used in order to coerce her into satisfying their sexual desires.
I've always wanted to protect her from that sort of French Study-esque crisis.
As a freshman, I used to sexually harass the then-student-teacher Machiko-sensei. Once I made her cry during class, so I went AWOL for three days. I still regret that.
......then I got suspended, and Sempai got to know me as 'Suspension-kun.'
Well, at least that allowed me to get closer to her.
Moving on.
Since then, all points of contact between Machiko-sensei and I have disappeared.
In less than two years our student teacher changed, and she left my class for good.
Farewell immature memories.
I should've set a limit of some kind on my harassment.
But if she was gonna hate me then I should've fondled her more.
When I thought that, I knew it was over for me as a human being.
Taichi: *sigh*
Anyway, if I keep loitering in the hallways, someone's going to find me.
I'll go buy a meal ticket on my way to the club room.
Perfect Plan Commenced.
Since meal A sells out around third period, I wanted to eat it at the end of first. Since it happened to be first period now, I set course for the cafeteria.
People line up for that meal all the time.
This sometimes made a few students late for second period.
Whenever this starts to happen often, the school will suddenly remember to proclaim: 『No advance purchasing of meal tickets.』
They should just prepare more meals for us.
Everyone thinks that.
But the limit on the number of available meals was an iron rule, I guess to avoid having leftovers.
That's why I can't let this opportunity slip away.
After all, there couldn't be a line there this early in first period.
It was vacant.
Taichi: "Oba-chan, meal Ace."
I bought the meal ticket without injury.
Piece of cake.
As I entered the club room, the boy sitting in the folding chair reading a magazine looked up at me.
Taichi: "My oh my, if it isn't Tomoki-sensei."
Taichi: "What a coincidence. Did you also come here to do *that*?"
He raised his little finger.
Tomoki: "Well......"
He responded with a puzzled face.
Tomoki's the type who can't ad-lib to save his life.
He's definitely the nice guy at parties, but without a doubt he'd be classified as a boring person.
Taichi: "You're cutting class aren't you?"
Tomoki: "What about you?"
Tomoki: "My class became independent study."
He returned his eyes to the magazine, and sipped his coffee-flavored milk.
That makes sense.
He just left class at that point to come loiter here.
Even a goody two-shoes like him dares to break the rules...
Taichi: "What about a meal ticket?"
Tomoki: "I bought one."
Taichi: "Not bad."
Tomoki: "......"
A cold shoulder?
Somehow it discouraged me.
After all, the Broadcasting Club divides up its labor based on character, so I couldn't expect much follow-up from Tomoki whose assigned role was 'The Stooge.'
I looked out the window.
Strong sunbeams shone through.
Taichi: "Hot again today."
Tomoki: "There's one left in the fridge."
Taichi: "Eighty yen, was it?"
Tomoki: "Yeah."
Taichi: "I'll take it."
I dropped my pocket change into his outstretched hand and opened the room's refrigerator.
Tomoki: "......umm, the designs on these coins all look like the Shousouin treasure house..."
I ignored his implied claim and began drinking.
Tomoki: "Too late."
With no further pursuit of that subject, time lazily flowed on.
I looked at the long table with various monitors and machines lined up beside the window.
The Broadcasting Club's equipment.
The broadcasting room was next door.
This is technically a storage room.
But since it has its own generator, mini-refrigerator, arcade machine and battery charger all lined up in a neat row, this was the foremost lawless space within the school.
Taichi: "Huh? Is this how it's supposed to be wired?"
Tomoki: "I'll be adding a new machine soon, so I reorganized it."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Since Tomoki was quite the computer nerd, flowers always bloomed in conversations between him and Miki about CPUs and memory and the like.
Apparently he met another cute girl from some other school through a bulletin board system.
He'd met her in real life once before transferring here.
She came to his house when he got sick.
She said, 『Um, umm, I've been taking care of To, To-To-Tomoki-kun---』
The appearance of that fiercely cute life form in a slightly different school uniform gave me a shock that still remains clear in my memory.
She......Yuuka-chan had continued to take care of him diligently long after that.
I'm sure that if Tomoki wanted her to, she'd be perfectly willing to take off her underwear and give it to him raw.
Taichi: "........................"
Tomoki: "Ow!! What're you doing!?"
Taichi: "I suddenly felt vexed......"
Tomoki: "Huh? By what? That makes no sense."
Tomoki's comebacks couldn't be more boring.
It must be a mistake for such a cute girl to be clinging to this guy. It's unclean.
Girl: ......*giggle*
I heard muffled laughter.
Taichi: "Oh, she was here?"
There was a small-bodied girl wearing glasses who probably just arrived from the broadcasting room.
Girl: "You two never change, Sempais......"
Tomoki: "There you are."
It was our kouhai, Fukuhara Miyuki.
Taichi: "Hey. How've you been?"
Taichi: "Oyaa? Oyaoyaa?"
Miyuki: "Wh-, what is it?"
Miyuki sensed the danger and leaned back.
Miyuki: "You're going to call me plain again, aren't you?"
Taichi: "What a plain girl."
Miyuki: "Aaaaahhh......"
The girl was shaking.
Taichi: "Hmmm, you really are...why are you so plain, I wonder? Why do your hairbands look so cheap? Why are your eyebrows so bushy? Why isn't your skirt any shorter?"
Miyuki: "Kyaa, does my skirt really...?"
Taichi: "Yeees."
Miyuki: "Please don't rub my neck, kya, don't stick your fingers in my ears!!!"
Fondle Attack.
Taichi: "Yet your body is so..."
Miyuki: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "A waste, simply a waste."
Taichi: "It's such a waste I'll just eat it up."
Miyuki: "Ha?"
*pucker*
I bent over and chomped onto her ear.
The scent of a girl.
Even in a fairy tale, this could only be interpreted as sexual harassment.
Miyuki: "Awaaaaaaaaa!!!??"
Miyuki reached the peak of her ecstasy (lies).
Tomoki: "......cut it out, you meanie."
Taichi: "Oh, what's this now? You already have someone but you're locking on to her too?"
Tomoki: "That, that's not it at all!!"
Taichi: "You Lovelatio Sniper!"
I spat out.
Taichi: "But my rifle of love is always aimed at the plain little you---"
The moment I repositioned my line of sight, the broadcasting room door closed.
Then she locked it.
Miyuki was no longer in the room.
Taichi: "Nuu."
I glared at Tomoki while he pretended not to care by reading manga.
Taichi: "What's the secret to bringing out their kindness?"
Tomoki: "Haa?"
Taichi: "Forget it. More importantly, what's Miyuki doing?"
Tomoki: "......I see you have no problem addressing kouhais without honorifics."
Taichi: "She's just a kouhai after all."
Calm silence.
Tomoki: "I respect that part of you."
Tomoki: "......Fukuhara's class also became independent study."
Taichi: "Aah, so that's how it is."
With the mystery solved, I lost interest.
Taichi: "Think I've driven off another one?"
Tomoki: "......probably."
He sat back down in his chair.
The summer sunbeams still didn't quite reach most of the room.
Taichi: "It's nice that the Broadcasting Club gets to use this room."
Tomoki: "That's true."
Tomoki--still reading--answered lazily.
Taichi: "......what are you reading?"
Tomoki: "Saikoman."
Taichi: "Hachitaba dies and the culprit is identified as Shinsaki."
Tomoki: "Don't tell me!!!"
Taichi: "Can you stop me!!?"
Tomoki: "Just don't say anything, especially not the ending to the Demon Archipelago arc!"
Taichi: "Father Anderson saved Yoriko from the spy that kidnapped her!"
Tomoki: "Don't say that."
Taichi: "I oppose controlling others through words!"
Tomoki: "You traitor!!"
Taichi: "Epicurean!!"
During that struggle,
Miyuki opened the inner door and stuck out her head, yelling softly.
Miyuki: "Sempai! Sensei's coming!"
Tomoki: "Eh!?"
Tomoki: "Huh......Taichi?"
You idiot. Hide faster.
I'd already finished concealing my body in what would be a blind spot to someone looking in from the corridor.
Tomoki was rushing around in all directions.
Miyuki: "Sempai, in here, in here!"
Tomoki shrank down and ran into the broadcasting room.
Together with Miyuki.
Ah, I should've gone in there......
Dammit, I can't let myself cry.
As their door closed, muscles 190 centimeters tall approached through the hallway.
It's Mammoth.
Manda Juuzou, nickname Mammoth. A genius at corporal punishment.
This won't end well if he sees me.
I once saw the guy squeeze a steel can down to the size of a ping pong ball in an instant.
Plus, his style of corporal punishment was suitable for the 21st century, so it couldn't be looked down upon.
He excelled in techniques which granted agony without leaving marks.
That was his scheme to avoid the fear of a class action lawsuit from our mothers!
Mammoth possessed dreadful, cunning, agonizing muscles which rivaled the pygmy marmoset. 
The giant gradually went past us.
Then, his gaze turned toward our room.
Juuzou: "......"
He walked away.
I cursed him to be hunted down by primitive man.
Taichi: "The Siberian Tundra would be a fitting graveyard for the likes of you."
I left my hiding place.
Tomoki: "That was dangerous."
Miyuki: "We ought to put a curtain up on the window facing the hallway."
Tomoki: "That's prohibited. The school's onto that trick."
Taichi: "I've got an idea."
Miyuki: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "Aah, I'm well aware of what you both think of me, but this is no stupid joke. This is a seriously good idea."
Miyuki: "What is it?"
Taichi: "Tomoki, start up the machines. And get me a digital camera."
Tomoki: "Haan?"
Now that I'd killed some time in the club room, I was on the way back to my classroom.
There was a virgin stooping down in an unpopular corridor.
Taichi: "Are you all right, Ojou-san?"
I extended my hand toward her butt.
Girl: "Whoa!"
The girl displayed her formidability by standing up in an instant.
Then she shuffled away to gain distance from me.
She can switch to a state of military alertness in no time flat.
Plus, in the moment she jumped up, she had sent an attack in my direction.
Taichi: "......you're not half-bad."
Girl: "Neither is Sempai."
With one hand I stopped the mop she'd thrown at my face, letting it fall silently to the floor.
Taichi: "It feels like we haven't met in a while."
Girl: "Yes, it does."
There stood the girl, like a heroine from a famous fantasy novel adapted into a movie.
But relax; that's only the way she looks.
Taichi: "Since it's been so long, I seem to have forgotten your name."
Girl: "Yaa."
Taichi: "So be at ease......"
Taichi: "Johnson."
Girl: "At least use a girl's name."
Her face told me she'd had enough of foreigners.
Taichi: "You've improved, Miki."
Miki: "Yes."
Yamanobe Miki stuck out a chest so meager as to invite tears.
Miki: "Because my butt is really high."
Taichi: "Though I did touch it a little."
Miki: "Because I let you."
She's unfazed.
Taichi: "But until I've flipped that skirt......"
Miki: "You won't flip it. (definitively)"
She's good.
Bluffs won't work on her any more.
Taichi: "Very well. This time I shall leave the flower alone."
Miki: "Ehe."
She smiled widely.
Uwaa, hug me...
Taichi: "What've you been doing? Cleaning for fun?"
Miki: "Ah, yes, there seem to be a lot of filthy spots around here."
Miki: "And I like to clean."
She was putting her fictional muscles into it.
Taichi: "You're doing this spontaneously? That's so cool!"
Taichi: "......aah, I get it, I get it, no need to tell everyone, my sweet. You want my autograph, don't you? The autograph of I, Ijuuin Taichi! You've been urging me for it through this display of school piety!"
Miki: "......aah, aah......so that's it."
Miki: "Haven't heard that gag in a while..."
She made a truly pained face.
In fact she seems like she's about to cry.
In fact she seems like she's about to cry.
I thought that two times over.
Now don't panic; deal with this calmly.
As an elite young adult candidate who's tasted both the sweets and sours of life!
Taichi: "WhWhWhWhWhWhat's wrong, Yamanobe-kun!? If you don't want me to, then I won't think of filling in that blank space on the paper! I'm stating this honestly!"
My voice was shaking.
Taichi: "Oh no, she's crying, awawa."
I wiped the corners of her eyes.
She was about to make me cry too.
Miki: "Ah, no, it's nothing, yeah."
Miki: "Just a bit of youthful fluid leaking from my tear ducts......"
Taichi: "What......?"
Youthful fluid?
Taichi: "Don't scare me."
I wiped away my cold sweat.
Taichi: "Then this time I shall postpone the prince's (my) autograph signing."
Miki: "No!"
A scream that could make her throat hoarse.
Miki: "I need it! Please do it!"
Taichi: "Y-You want it that badly?"
I shrunk back.
Miki: "Please do it, please do it."
She repeated 『Please do it』 with a shrill voice.
My lower abdomen was getting hot.
Why is that?
Why is it doing that?
My corpus cavernosum is always ignoring my will and running wild on its own---
Even if I focused my thoughts on fairy tales, the beastliness wouldn't disappear.
Taichi: "F, fine, I'll do it."
Miki: "Here you go."
Miki fumbled around on her vertical chest, then took out her Matebook.
That's what they call the notebook which also doubles as the school's identification card.
Indeed.
It seems you do not know of the existence of this school's historic 『Matebook』; the #1 popular high-class public bathhouse available behind the train station of this 『City』.
You're given the notebook when you become a member of this society, and you receive a princess stamp each time you make use of it.
Based on the stamps you collect, they may decide to let you moderately enjoy prizes such as 'W' and 'Triple.'
......the Triple.
What kind of word is that?
Is that Shangri-la?
Is the sun yellow?
An erection has come......
Crap.
If I shift to a forward-leaning position, Miki's going to catch on.
Miki's a virgin, but she's well versed in male biology.
Because I taught her.
She'll notice whether I lean forward or not, but if I remain dignified, I can at least save face.
Miki: "......"
Ah, she glanced.
Miki's face is fairly red now.
She says nothing.
She looked out of the window with a slight shyness.
Uwa, that just makes it more embarrassing. Say something.
Please use your words to toy with me.
The insolent yet shameful god of destruction was suppressed.
Perhaps because he has no firsthand experience, he's weak when faced honestly.
Direhara is prohibited.
*Direhara = Taichian for direct sexual harassment. Mostly immature indecency such as exposing genitalia and making a female touch them. Topknot, detonation switch, single-hook fishing, etc. Depending on the situation they may be seen as perverted conduct.
Or I should say, all of those are perfectly inexcusable acts of perversion.
Taichi: "You've nearly used up your notebook, Miki. It's falling apart."
Miki: "Falling apart."
Miki meaninglessly repeated my words as a form of agreement.
As I flipped through the pages, I found my very large signatures already scribbled in the margins. 
This continued over several pages.
It was as if she was collecting my signatures.
Although technically, I was making her collect them.
I found a blank page and wrote in a new signature.
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Umm, I ended up borrowing your chest padding today only because I wanted to sign it......so don't think I'm doing this to make fun of you."
Miki: "And I'm telling you I don't mind."
Taichi: "Are you sure?"
I finished my signature.
Miki's face was calm.
She certainly didn't seem to mind.
I skimmed the other pages.
Miki: "Aah, I haven't written who I'm dating in there or anything."
Taichi: "I see."
I handed back the notebook.
She held it against her chest which was as flat as the bottom of a slipper.
Miki: "Do not concern yourself so, for Miki is a virgin!"
Taichi: "It's, it's not like that reassures me or anything."
I lost my head and reverted to infancy.
Miki: "Yes yes, I understand."
  -Help her clean
  -Grab her chest
Taichi: "May I help you with your cleaning?"
Miki: "So you're in nice mode now."
Taichi: "Huh?"
Miki: "Sempai is equipped with two settings: sexual harassment mode and nice mode. Eh-hehri."
My being nice to her also made her stick out her hopelessly flat chest.
Taichi: "Mu......"
Miki: "Ah, you're embarrassed."
Taichi: "No I'm not!!"
Miki: "You're embarrassed about your innocent side."
Taichi: "Let's focus on cleaning. Hurry, there's no time!"
Miki: "Yeees."
I picked up the mop I'd blocked earlier and moved to the nearest stain.
It was blood.
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!??"
Miki: "Eh!?"
Taichi: "Blood, isn't this blood!?"
I can't look at it directly.
I hid my face behind the mop.
Taichi: "Get rid of it, now!!"
Miki: "Yes yes, please wait a moment."
In no time at all,
Miki: "Okay, all done."
Taichi: "Is it clean?"
Miki: "It's all right."
I moved the mop out of the way.
Taichi: "Uuu, I'm weak against blood."
Miki: "So you do have a cute side to you."
Taichi: "Seriously, it's not easy."
Just seeing it out of the corner of my eye can make me sick.
Taichi: "Sorry for being useless."
Taichi: "Please revile me as you would a pig......"
Miki: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "Please, somehow."
Miki: "......then,"
Miki: "Pigs go to the pigpen?"
Taichi: "Gu."
With that phrasing, the interrogative form made it strangely harsher.
Miki: "Wouldn't it be better to go to the health room?"
Taichi: "No, I feel fine."
Miki: "......hmmm."
Taichi: "I said I'm fine."
Miki: "Why don't we both take a nap there?"
Taichi: "Gu......"
That proposal was too hard to resist.
Miki: "They've got at least two beds there."
Taichi: "See you later."
Miki: "Huh......?"
My hand naturally stretched toward the smiling girl's chest.
I must have penetrated a blind spot, because Miki neither budged nor lost her smile.
*squeeze*
I realized I was holding boobs.
That 'plank' that I thought had nothing on it......had a definite, albeit faint, texture.
Miki: "......crap."
Her lips maintained a smile as they tightened.
Taichi: "Sorry, my hand unconsciously-"
Miki: "No, that was my fault for being careless."
Taichi: "Umm, it may not be my place to say this......but there's actually some mass here. That's wonderful!"
Miki: "I'm sorry to trouble you, but when might your hand come off me?"
Taichi: "Now there's hope for the future."
Miki: "Hmmm, should I be happy, or should I be mad? Or do you seriously plan to keep on doing that?"
Taichi: "This is too much for words. To think that this small, no, flat chest of yours had become a three-dimensional solid!"
Miki: "............"
Taichi: "Miki?"
I stopped fondling her for a moment and looked at her face.
Miki was crying.
Taichi: "Huh? What?"
I made her cry?
I made her cry?
Miki: "......"
Quiet tears.
Without sobbing, they slid down the curves on her cheeks.
These are the kind of tears one has when being moved by the beauty of an artistic masterpiece.
These shouldn't be the tears which flow from sexual harassment.
I hesitated.
Then stopped.
Because I can't understand.
Taichi: "......umm......"
Miki eventually wiped her tears.
Her arms ran back and forth over her eyebrows, and when they were finished they left behind her normal smile.
Miki: "Nihehe."
Miki: "Now, cleaning, cleaning!"
Miki: "But first......seya!!"
Taichi: "Guoo!!"
She hit the secret spot on my arm (near the elbow) with one punch.
Taichi: "Owww, my muscles hurt like hell!! If I try to make a tight fist I get painful jolts down my nerves!!"
I'm in pain.
Miki: "Sweep, sweep♪"
Miki is cleaning.
Wait.
Taichi: "......you are Miki, right?"
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "No, never mind."
Miki: "Does that statement mean you thought I wasn't Miki because I wasn't flat?"
I spat fictional saliva at her.
Taichi: "To be honest, I'm disillusioned."
Miki: "Wooow."
Taichi: "How many hardcore fans have you just lost?"
Miki: "Hardcore fans?"
Taichi: "I mean, it's not impossible that you were receiving support from certain unsociable persons that kindergarten is meant to protect kids from, not just because you're a loli but also because you were flat."
Miki: "The world is done for."
Taichi: "Miki, you idiot! I'm sorry for sexually harassing you!"
I managed to slander and apologize at the same time, after which I ran away.
I set off on a journey.
Taichi: "That's right, Miki."
I stood still.
I'd forgotten to tell her something important.
Miki: "Yes?"
Taichi: "She says that club activities are going to start up again soon."
I killed some time.
It became evening.
I wonder if Sempai is still here.
The temperature seemed to have loosened alongside my memory.
The indigo curtain I could see from the roof had already taken on a crimson tinge.
There was no gust of wind blowing.
A time of twilight as quiet as a neutered cat.
No one's here.
I looked around for Misato-sempai.
Taichi: "Ah."
She was lying beside the antenna.
Taichi: "There she is."
She's sleeping.
Misato: "......"
Soft, regular breathing.
That sound, which didn't even overcome the background noise, possessed a mysterious musical quality which numbed my thoughts.
In, out, in, out.
Gentle, harmless breathing.
Her natural, undecorated form.
It held no lies.
No impurity.
When sleeping, everyone returns to an innocent age.
*stare*
Her closed eyes cannot behold the clarity of dusk as it envelops the earth.
For a long time,
I watched Sempai,
With envy and admiration.
Taichi: "......"
I wonder how long I did that for.
Her healthy breathing ceased, and her eyelids shuddered.
Her long eyelashes twitched subtly.
Her eyes opened slightly.
Taichi: "......you really are great, Sempai."
Misato: "Ah......what......?"
With her sense of language dulled, Sempai's voice was as artless as a child's.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "......Kurosu......kun?"
Taichi: "I'm Peke."
Misato: "Peke-kun......"
That nickname she just recited is reserved only for Sempai's use.
Misato: "......nn, don't......"
Misato: "Don't watch me sleep......"
She covered her pupils with both arms, and her body writhed faintly.
Everyone wants to hide their defenseless form.
And that desire to hide means there are lies within one's normal self.
So that also applies to Sempai.
......I cut off those cold thoughts.
Sempai finally got up.
Misato: "When did you get here?"
Taichi: "Just now."
Misato: "......hmmm."
A suspicious look.
Taichi: "It's true."
I tried surrendering by raising both of my hands.
Taichi: "I don't tell lies to Sempai."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "Anyway, it's dangerous to nod off in the middle of the day."
Taichi: "You could dehydrate or get sunstroke."
Misato: "Mm, that's true."
She held back a yawn.
Her glasses were crooked.
My hand moved.
Misato: "Eh......?"
I took her glasses with both hands and gently repositioned them.
Taichi: "Now Sempai's back to normal."
Misato: "......that's dangerous too."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "That side of Peke-kun is dangerous."
I think she's a bit mad.
Taichi: "What side? How so?"
Misato: "Think about it while looking in a mirror."
Taichi: "Haaaan!!!"
Uwa, this girl's saying things that make me want to cry!
Taichi: "You mean......I'm ugly!!? Uwaaaa, you know I'm sensitive about that!!!"
Misato: "Eh, no that's not......"
Taichi: "Hideous......I'm hideous......Mommy......"
Misato: "Aaaah, you know that's not what I meant, right?"
Taichi: "Because I was born hideous......"
Misato: "I'm trying to say-"
Taichi: "That's okay, I know I'm ugly. It's perfectly natural. I'm a disgusting man."
Misato: "No, that's not......well, your face did surprise me the first time we met."
Taichi: "......"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "............"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "........................"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "Ha, hawawa, hawawawawa......"
Misato: "Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Gyuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!?"
Taichi: "Wiiion! Wiiion!" (Alarm)
Taichi: "Guii, Guii, Piiwian!" (Propulsion Sounds)
Misato: "Wa! Peke-kun's state of mind is-!"
Taichi: "My name is Creator, the existence which rules humanity!"
Misato: "Wa, wa, Peke-kun's a trite creationist from a twenty-year-old video game!?"
Taichi: "Wherefore doth thou disobey me? Within my control thou shalt enjoy eternal peace!"
Misato: "Question."
Taichi: "What be it?"
Misato: "Why are you using such unnaturally old diction?"
Taichi: "Gogogogogogogogogogogogogogo!!"
Misato: "I'm sorry, it really doesn't matter!"
Taichi: "Star Buster ready to fire!"
Misato: "Ei!"
Taichi: "Gufu!"
Taichi: "......haa, where am I?"
Misato: "Thank goodness, you're back."
Taichi: "How strange..."
Misato: "What happened?"
Taichi: "I was told something incredibly shocking, and I had a dream where I got revenge with the humanity annihilation bomb Star Buster, but......I can't remember the shock which motivated me to do so."
Misato: "So it was that kind of bomb......"
Taichi: "Hmmm, what was it..."
Misato: "Peke-kun is too concerned about looks. Remember, people are souls."
Taichi: "My looks......?"
Ah, that's right.
Misato: 『Well, your face did surprise me (with its ugliness) the first time we met.』
Taichi: "Ooooooooo."
Misato: "Again......"
Taichi: "Geronimo!!!"
Misato: "......who?"
Taichi: "Uu, hiku, egu!"
Misato: "What should I......?"
Sempai was flustered.
Taichi: "Sempaaai!"
I tried hugging her. (daringly)
Misato: "......uu."
Sempai's body stiffened for a moment.
Her arms loitered in midair.
Taichi: "It's not like, I wanted to be born ugly......which is why I'm trying to live cleanly......to avoid bringing pain to others"......*sob*......
Misato: "AaaaAAA."
Sempai's body gradually lost its stiffness.
Misato: "Peke-kun."
She held me softly.
Taichi: "......"
I buried my face into her full bosom.
Buried it around and around.
I could smell her sweet flesh through her uniform.
I was getting dizzy.
A hint of sweat.
Strangely, that too was fragrant.
And sooooft.
Squishy to no end.
Misato: "......nn......"
My restlessly moving face must have been tickling Sempai.
Misato: "Excuse me......"
I continued pretending to cry.
Misato: "I mean it."
Misato: "Regardless of how you look, Peke-kun, your eyes are really deep and pretty."
Hesitation.
But that dissipated in an instant.
Misato: "......if you approach me so suddenly, I'm going to be startled."
Taichi: "Are you sure?"
Misato: "Yes, that's why I told you to look in a mirror."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "Will you stop crying now?"
Taichi: "......yes."
I removed my face with a broken heart.
Who knows when this kind of opportunity will come again.
Misato: "Peke-kun, you're quite the crybaby."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "You're going to burn bridges if you keep that up."
Burn them, burn them, my heart cried out.
Scorch me to the bone...
Misato: "Maybe you'd like to become my little brother?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Immediate decision.
Taichi: "I hope our relationship as siblings shall blossom in the future."
Misato: "Eh!?"
Taichi: "I'll get my things right away, so wait at your house."
Misato: "What!?"
Taichi: "But should I have a look around the place first? After all, I need to know whether siblings sleep in the same futon or not."
Misato: "Ah, umm, you know, Peke-kun......"
Taichi: "To be honest I've always been lonely at night......thank you, my nee-san......no, you deserve to be called hime-nee-sama."
Misato: "Wha...what should I do?"
Sempai whispered in the direction of the day after tomorrow.
Taichi: "I'm kidding."
Misato: "......"
Her expression became something unfriendly before my very eyes.
Misato: "Peeekeee-kuuunnn!"
Taichi: "I thought it would soften the mood."
Taichi: "Was I wrong?"
I tried pretending I was about to cry again.
Misato: "Uu."
Misato: "......"
A sigh.
Misato: "Seriously......that's not fair."
Taichi: "Not fair?"
Misato: "That's a private matter."
Although she seemed to be fuming a fair bit,
I think she's forgiven me.
Sempai truly is kind.
As we wasted time, the night approached.
Daylight hours ended, and the darkness came upon us.
  -Help out
  -Go home
Taichi: "Anyway, what about the club?"
Misato: "......well..."
Sempai stared at me intensely.
Misato: "Did you come here to help?"
Taichi: "Yes!"
Misato: "Is that so...?"
Her quiet, hardened gaze wouldn't waver.
Finally, Sempai's face formed a soft smile.
Misato: "Thank you very much, Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Do not thank me. It is merely my duty as a soldier of the empire."
I saluted.
She chuckled.
Misato: "But unfortunately, it's already nighttime."
Misato: "The time for fun club activities is over!"
Taichi: "Eeeh?"
Misato: "I'm sorry. I decided to do this all on my own, and then I let the time run away."
Taichi: "But can you really finish on your own? Especially with the wiring and such."
Taichi: "Come to think of it, the power supply-"
Misato: "It's fine."
Misato: "Women are courageous."
Taichi: "Then men are amorous."
Taichi: "Sempai, I'm..., I'm..."
As I edged closer to her,
Misato: "Club iiis oveeer!!"
Taichi: "Gufuu-"
With my face shoved by her hand, I became even uglier.
And when I said, 『Gufuu,』 I felt like I'd just sunk to the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
Misato: "Now, let's go home! Unfortunately, our houses are in opposite directions, hohohoho."
Taichi: "......shouldn't you be unsatisfied with this?"
Misato: "Why? We had a lot of fun today, didn't we?"
Taichi: "Hmm, I wonder about that..."
Misato: "When you had your face buried in my chest, weren't you touching my butt?"
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "I'm amazed how hard you were squeezing."
Misato: "And with both hands."
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "It really tickled."
Taichi: "♪♪"
I whistled in the direction of the day after tomorrow.
Misato: "You are, after all, a b-o-y."
She rubbed her fist all over my temple.
That hurt.
There was no chance of tricking her into stopping.
Taichi: "Uuu......I'm sorry......"
Misato: "Then again, that also means,"
Misato: "I have at least that much value as a woman."
Misato: "That, or Peke-kun has low standards."
Taichi: "Nonono, I may be a komusou, but I have standards!"
Taichi: "I can't believe you even thought of lumping me in with them!!"
As I desperately tried to distract her, I threw out lame emergency gags.
Misato: "Fufufu."
Sempai tilted her head up to the dense, orange backdrop of the evening sky.
Misato: "I'll forgive you, so go home and think about what you did."
Misato: "This is goodbye, Peke-kun."
As I left the school building, I looked up at the roof.
The antenna was standing there.
Beside it,
Sempai still remained.
She'd been working.
Even though it's almost night.
By herself.
This was the first time I realized it.
Sempai had always been gently rejecting anyone who offered her help.
Taichi: "I guess I should be going."
Misato: "Aah, that's right."
Misato: "This is a perfect time to go home."
Taichi: "Sleep when it's dark, wake up when it's morning."
Taichi: "That's how humans wish to exist."
Misato: "Yes, indeed they do."
Misato: "Then let's call an end to today's club activities."
It's a natural thing.
Taichi: "Shall we go home together?"
Misato: "Aren't we going in opposite directions?"
Taichi: "Were we now?"
Misato: "......you know where my house is."
*glare*
Taichi: "I'll take my leave now! Woof!"
I had no choice but to pull back immediately.
In exchange,
Until I disappeared into the school building, Sempai watched me while waving her small hand in front of her chest.
My heart jumped for joy.
Even in the evening, the ground was hot.
The heat penetrated the soles of my shoes.
But it wasn't unbearable.
Compared to the heat of a Kantou metropolis, clouds and dirt couldn't be more different.
After all, there's a nice breeze. I can handle this temperature.
That is, I could if I didn't have to keep climbing these hills.
The din of the cicadas only further amplified the heat.
Like a band that's only active during the summer, these guys stake everything on one season.
Boy: "Gya!"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Someone fell over nearby.
He made a dry sound against the ground, and stainless steel crutches fell down by his feet.
Taichi: "What's this?"
A person had collapsed.
I tried approaching him.
Taichi: "......umm, are you okay?"
Boy: "Ah, sorry. I'm fine."
At times like these, Japanese people will always say they're fine.
I couldn't be sure whether that was true or not.
I lost my temper.
Taichi: "Are you really okay?! Can you really be sure you're fine in an instant like that?!"
Boy: "Oh, oooh......aah."
This particular Japanese person felt pressured into nodding uncomfortably.
Taichi: "For all we know you could have multiple bone fractures!!"
Boy: "I can tell by looking that it's not broken......"
Taichi: "I shall bring retribution down upon you for making light of humanity!"
Boy: "What are you talking about?!"
Boy: "Anyway, I'm not hurt at all."
He pulled himself up with a wry smile.
I handed him his crutches.
Boy: "Ah, thanks."
Taichi: "Don't mention it. It's my fault, anyway."
Taichi: "Are you hurt?"
Boy: "Doesn't seem like it."
Using his crutches, he managed to regain some of his balance.
One of his legs wasn't moving so well......
Taichi: "Broken leg?"
Boy: "I wish it was."
A calm, carefree smile.
The face of a human who has toiled long and hard.
Boy: "Huh, your......your hair..."
Taichi: "Aah, this?"
I pinched my own bangs.
Taichi: "It's no wig."
Boy: "No, I didn't doubt that."
Boy: "But did you dye it? It's white all the way to the root."
Taichi: "Nope, this is natural."
Boy: "Wooow."
Boy: "It's perfectly white."
That's right.
My hair has always been pure white.
A person once told me it was the color of down feathers.
Not the white of senility.
Snow white hair which keeps its luster.
White hair so natural it's slightly disturbing.
......that's the biggest reason I draw people's eyes.
The second biggest reason is the gap between that hair and my face. Dammit.
Boy: "Ah, sorry. Does it bother you?"
But this guy was good.
He knows how to be considerate.
So I'll be considerate as well.
Taichi: "Oh no, not at all."
Taichi: "It used to, a bit. But since I'm in that school..."
Boy: "Aah......Gunjou Institute?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Boy: "I'm a student there too."
He cracked a wide smile.
Taichi: "Oh, how old are you?"
The Japanese guy gave his date of birth.
He's the same age as me.
And maybe, a friend.
Taichi: "I hope we get along well."
Boy: "Same here. Please teach me what you can."
Boy: "One of my legs doesn't move very well."
Taichi: "......I see."
Boy: "It's a mental thing. The wound healed ages ago."
Taichi: "That's a pain. Since when?"
Boy: "Ages ago. It's perfectly natural."
Boy: "Look, one's thicker than the other."
He rolled up his jeans, showing me both ankles.
Taichi: "Uwa, amazing."
Boy: "Since I don't use it at all, the muscles just disappeared."
Taichi: "That's bad. Go train it."
Boy: "I said it doesn't move well. I do still shift it manually sometimes though."
Boy: "It's a real pain."
Taichi: "Hey, hey!"
Boy: "Ahahaha, joking, joking."
Taichi: "So you're a wielder of self-deprecating gags."
I can't take this man's arrival lightly.
Boy: "What do you mean?"
Boy: "I hope that's a good school."
Taichi: "It's good."
Taichi: "For those like us."
Boy: "That's great."
Taichi: "There are a lot of cute girls."
Boy: "Seriously!?"
Though you can't hold a decent conversation with the majority of them.
Taichi: "Especially Machiko-sensei, she's the best."
Boy: "Just the name's great! I wanna see her now..."
Taichi: "When we get the chance I'll let you see my treasured Machiko-sensei album."
Taichi: "It's rank A."
Boy: "Rank A? Is that the highest?"
Taichi: "No, there's an S above it."
Boy: "Uwa, the same rankings I use......"
Taichi: "Y-You too!?"
What's with this guy matching me so naturally?
Boy: "Okay, I get the feeling this'll work somehow."
Taichi: "Gunjou is a magnanimous, delicious and erotic place."
Boy: "Get out! Erotic!? A prosperous life has just opened up for me!!!"
Taichi: "Go for it!!!"
Boy: "Ooooh, here I go!"
Boy: "Come to think of it, this doesn't feel like our first meeting."
Taichi: "I also have a feeling that I'll need to settle a score with you someday."
Boy: "And I'll accept the challenge."
He said with confidence.
Boy: "......but before that, give me your data on Machiko-sensei."
Taichi: "Very well, comrade-in-arms."
Taichi: "We may not be of the same race, but I wish you good luck."
Boy: "......no, you're definitely Japanese too."
This was how I met Shinkawa Yutaka---
Taichi: "Hmm?"
There was a note left on top of the table.
『There might be dinner.』
Taichi: "Yaaay, I'm going, I'm going!"
I didn't have to make it myself.
I took three minutes to change, then went to her house without delay.
Dinner was quite delicious.
I lit the candle.
The solitary glimmer shone upon the inside of the room.
I liked candles.
The raw flame captivated me.
The wavering flame captured my soul as I watched it, allowing me to doze on forever and ever.
I once burnt my bangs doing that.
That was just three minutes ago.
Taichi: "......it burnt......damn it."
I wanted to cry.
But now for my diary.
I opened up the bulky notebook.
A record of one's life is a precious thing.
I went to school today, but I cut class.
Touko was especially harsh today.
Must be biological.
But I can't strike at her just because of her biology.
Instead, I'll do horrible things to her in this diary.
Touko: "No! Stop!"
Me: "Heheh, even if you claim to hate it, your body is perfectly honest. (paraphrased)"
Touko: "Ah! That's... no, stop it, stop it!"
Me: "Impossible! No man can pull back after coming this far! My rifle of pride has no choice now but to lock on to a target such as yourself!"
Touko: "Noooo! My body, not my bodyyy!!"
Me: "In time, you will come to desire this yourself."
Touko: "No, have mercy!!"
Me: "You think I'll listen to such pleas?! Doooryaaa!!"
Touko: "......you beast!!!"
Here I raised up the vase holding its red rose.
At last the flower's stalk snapped, and fell silently.
The screen blurs. Whiteout.
【Fin】
As I walked down the hallway, Miki was doing some cleaning.
My hand shot like lightning, aimed at Miki's butt, yet I merely grazed her, failing to grasp her body.
Until now, Miki's always been sluggish and easy to touch.
This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!
But seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy.
The day she'll surpass her master draws near.
I went to club for the first time in a while, and Mimi-sempai was quite fluffy.
Today, I reached a milestone.
I'm greatly moved.
A lot of other stuff happened, too, but overall it was a good day.
I had a dream in which Sakuraba pushed me down.
Sakuraba: 『I'm fine with a guy.』
The young blond nobleman shouted while attacking me.
But isn't that rather strange?
He wasn't blond back then.
Not that it matters at all.
Sakuraba, wielding the strongest lance and an invincible shield, is even less likely to be swayed by logic than before.
Sakuraba: 『Since women get pregnant.』
With that excuse he drew even closer.
If he desires the kind of physical relations which cause pregnancy, then I want to reject Sakuraba's body.
How did it come to this?
Is it because I wrote horrible things in my diary?
Divine punishment?
Retribution?
The Code of Hammurabi?
Or something slightly different?
As I asked those things (even though a part of me knew it was a dream) I reached a state of panic.
Taichi: 『Not my body!!』
Taichi: 『Have mercy!!』
Taichi: 『You beast!!』
While shouting back at him, I tried to throw Sakuraba's body off of mine.
Wrestling for my chastity.
......not that I'm chaste to begin with.
My enemy exhaled forcefully out of his nose.
I seriously thought he might kill me.
We smacked each other around.
I got one clean hit in.
Sakuraba did a barrel roll.
As Sakuraba lay face-up, unconscious, his crotch suddenly discharged.
At first I thought he'd ejaculated, but at the tip of Sakuraba's charged particle accelerator (as I called it), I saw a bouquet of magician's flowers sticking out.
Aaah.
What a disturbing development.
I covered my eyes.
Then I woke up.
Taichi: "......too surreal..."
To start with, that guy wouldn't have the nerve to throw someone down like that.
He's a fainthearted rich kid.
I should've had a dream where he got reverse-raped by Misato-sempai.
Misato: 『......For evil meat that's gotten this big, there's no choice but to thoroughly punish it with this whip!』
How wonderful......
Enchanted as I was, I somehow got dressed.
Breakfast had already been prepared.
There was a note.
『Eat your fill before leaving.』
Mutsumi-oba-san made being beautiful her career. She was also a great cook.
Although she's so busy that she rarely comes home.
I lowered my head.
Then I took her up on that offer, washing down a bulky sandwich with vegetable juice.
There's no time to waste.
I covered the rest in plastic wrap and stuck it in my pocket.
I'll eat it on the way.
The sunbeams brightly asserted themselves.
Morning's only the beginning of it.
I felt depressed.
After walking for a while,
Sakuraba: "Agyaraoooooooo!!!"
Sakuraba screamed.
From close by.
His scream was overlapped with a dog's bark.
Together, they faded into the distance.
Taichi: "That explains it......"
I was satisfied.
Then, there was---
Girl: "Huh? Taichi-san?"
Taichi: "Morning."
Girl: "Ah, good morning."
She bowed her head down.
This pretty girl named Yuusa-chan lives nearby.
Upper Misaka is a good town.
Curry bread was shaking in Yuusa-chan's hands. She's too cute for words.
We started walking together.
This isn't the first time or anything.
After all, we go to the same school.
Behind us I heard a husky voice say, 『Habe phun at skool!!』
It was Yuusa-chan's mom.
She's a bit on the heavy side.
But, since she seems to enjoy her life every single day, it's probably fine.
A pretty girl born to an ordinary family.
Her only fault was being too unfamiliar with how the world works.
As the male sempai closest to Yuusa-chan, the duty I'm charged with isn't small.
Yuusa: "See you later!"
As she waved back, her face held no sign of a rebellious phase.
Then again, it's plausible that she still doesn't have her primary sexual characteristics.
It's extremely natural for a man to think of wanting to stain that solid white canvas with his own color, but after a year of average classes, her height had gotten--
Naive Yuusa-chan with her faltering polite speech held a purity which glittered more than any precious gem, setting me on the razor's edge as to whether or not I should succumb to filthy delu--
I'm well aware that repeating these painful, worrisome, wavering thoughts makes me a pedophile. Seriously, I am.
In any case, I'm wavering.
Yes, like the bag of curry bread in Yuusa-chan's hands.
Taichi: "That's curry bread."
Yuusa: "It is."
She leaned back and forth as we walked.
Holding up her hands like a ghost, continuing on as if flaunting something.
Taichi: "Is that......breakfast?"
Yuusa: "Umm, Sakuraba-san was here just now."
Taichi: "Yeah, he was here."
Yuusa: "Did you meet him?"
Taichi: "No, there were only traces."
Yuusa: "Traces?"
Taichi: "Well, not by the time I got there."
Yuusa: "Now that's troubling."
Yuusa: "I'd been thinking about giving him this curry bread."
So she's trying to feed the chimp.
Taichi: "It's because Combat hates that guy."
Yuusa: "You mean the dog named Combat at Yoshida-san's place?"
Taichi: "That thing's amazing. He can pull out any stake you tie him to using only his raw strength."
Taichi: "He goes out when he wants, and comes back when he wants."
Yuusa: "Combat doesn't attack most people."
Taichi: "That's how we know he's a real hoodlum."
Yuusa: "He's......a hoodlum......?"
Taichi: "He's got a pretty stout build these days, since he's got military blood in him."
Taichi: "In human terms, I guess you could say his parents returned well-aged from war."
Taichi: "And yet he'll only attack Sakuraba."
Yuusa: "Mysterious."
Taichi: "It is mysterious."
We walked on at a comfortable pace.
Yuusa: "What should I do with this......?"
Yuusa: "Are you hungry?"
Taichi: "Should we eat half each?"
Yuusa: "Yes."
We ate the curry bread together.
Taichi: "Have you gotten used to school?"
Yuusa: "Not quite yet."
Taichi: "How's the bullying?"
Yuusa: "None at all! I'm so happy!!"
Taichi: "Guess you would be."
The one and only Gunjou Institute. A first-class Gunjou.
Taichi: "If anything happens, go ahead and stop them by saying, 'I have a lot of acquaintances in the advanced classes, yes I do.'"
Yuusa: "Yes."
She seemed super happy.
Yuusa: "Though I won't say 'yes I do' at the end......"
She's embarrassed.
Taichi: "Ha-ha-ha."
I used to tease her a little; I guess it still bothers her.
Taichi: "Didn't you get Sakakibara-sensei?"
Yuusa: "Yes."
Taichi: "He's a good teacher. You'll do fine."
Though with his hobby of collecting bishoujo figurines, he's on the verge of oblivion.
Yuusa: "Aha-aha, thank you."
Yuusa: "......everyone in the class is doing their best, so I'm having fun."
Taichi: "I see."
Yuusa: "Okaa-san's here for me too."
Taichi: "Indeed."
Taichi: "But doesn't she tend to stand out? ...I mean, she's a source of peace in your life."
Yuusa: "Also......umm......"
Taichi: "Hmm?"
Yuusa: "Sensei told us to exchange diaries with someone."
Taichi: "I once had a class that did that."
Exchange Homeroom or something.
Taichi: "I failed to find a partner in my class, so I did it with someone from the advanced classes."
Yuusa: "Ah, I also failed."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Yuusa: "Our class has an odd number."
Taichi: "Aah......then, can't you do it with Sensei?"
Yuusa: "No, umm, about that."
She rummaged through her book bag and pulled out a notebook.
Yuusa: "Would you mind, Taichi-san?"
A colorful green notebook.
It had a slight mint fragrance.
Taichi: "Sure, I'll do it!"
I shouted and threw both fists into the air.
Yuusa: "......"
Taichi: "What's wrong, miss?"
Yuusa: "Ha, eh, umm......are you sure? You don't want to think about it more?"
Taichi: "Of course I'm sure."
Yuusa: "So frankly......"
Taichi: "That notebook's the diary? Have you already written the first entry?"
Yuusa: "Y-Yes, about a lot of stuff."
Taichi: "A lot of stuff?"
A lot of stuff about a pre-pubescent pretty girl.
That reprimandable string of words easily corrupted me.
But in front of Yuusa-chan, I have to put on a mask so that she'll like me.
I call it Rationality's Last Stand.
Taichi: "I can't wait."
I made a flourish of brushing aside my bangs.
The girl's gaze closely followed my white hair.
I realized she was looking all over my hair and face.
Come to think of it, I heard her say there was a beautiful white-haired prince in a certain Co**lt novel. 
She'd spoken about him heatedly.
Now that I think about it, do I give off the image of a prince?
That would be nice......
No......my face......it's worthless......
In the end, it's nothing more than hope.
Yuusa: "It's a little embarrassing......"
Taichi: "I won't laugh at things you wrote seriously."
Yuusa: "......"
Oh, did I score high points just now?
Miki tends to make me out to be a much younger person than I am, so I've failed at this before.
I was broken to the core because of that.
Now I'm nothing more to her than someone to play with.
Shit!
It hurts more the farther I look back on it!
This time I'm going to do it right, and with a bit of luck I'll have an individual serving of pretty virgin (meaning unclear).
Gentlemanly rationality, gentlemanly rationality.
Taichi: "May I take it, Fr{a}ulein?"
Yuusa: "Furo-irain?"
Taichi: "Summer oops."
I spat out the phrase of admonition regarding eternal summers in response to my impulsive usage of a difficult word.
Taichi: "It means a cute ojou-san."
I gently wiped the girl's tears.
Yuusa: "Why'd you do that? Was there something in my eye?"
She hadn't been crying.
Taichi: "It means a lovable ojou-san."
Yuusa: "Eh......"
I calmly redefined it.
Yuusa-chan's expression disappeared as if it had been washed off.
And then, her face took on a color of shame befitting roses in full bloom---actually, it didn't,
Yuusa: *gujun!!!*
She sneezed.
It was an unclean sneeze.
Yuusa: "Ah, I'm sorry......ah-"
That last 『ah』 was certainly not an innocent amorous breath brought up by a rubbing of her most sensitive parts.
Her eyes fell down to focus on a certain thing, and she was slightly shocked.
A bridge had been built between me and Yuusa-chan.
One end on my uniform, right around the stomach.
The other end was Yuusa-chan's nose.
In other words,
Yuusa: "H-huh?"
A bridge of mucus.
That high viscosity fluid,
streeeeetched
into a suspension bridge.
This is my reasoning:
At the moment of the sneeze, a mucus bullet fired faster than the Shinkansen (that's true) hit my uniform.
The girl who formed a bullet from that strongly adherent fluid tried to suck it back into her nostrils, and instead of snapping as one would expect, the junction was lucky enough to hold together and form a bridge.
Yuusa: "............"
Yuusa-chan finally seems to have understood her situation.
Her face turned pale.
She didn't move an inch.
No, she couldn't move.
For a girl as young as her, seeing her own mucus on a man's wardrobe......especially on such a prestigious young nobleman (my delusion)......it must be......
*One part of this is expressed inappropriately.
If she's not careful,
『Mucus-hime』
『Mucusko-chan』
She'd inevitably be given such hopelessly immature and cruel nicknames.
Kids are always looking for someone or something to laugh at.
The weaker, the better.
As weak as they can find.
Yuusa: "Au......ah, this is......umm......"
As a result of extreme stress,
Her eyes, despite holding themselves open, poured out tears.
Unacceptable!
I can't plant any new traumas in this girl.
It's time for the beautiful white-haired Atlantean prince.
I calmly took out my handkerchief, faster than the confused girl.
First, I covered Yuusa's nose with it.
Yuusa: "......uyu?"
A weird voice.
After severing the base, I alternated several times between wiping her nose and folding my handkerchief.
Then I retrieved the mucus bridge and lightly wiped my own uniform.
Then I returned the handkerchief to my pocket. At least, I tried to.
Yuusa: "Ah, no, you can't!!!"
Taichi: "Mmm?"
Yuusa: "Such a d-d-d-dirty, ah, you can't, you have to throw it away, ah, umm!"
Yuusa: "I'll compensate you!!"
Taichi: "It's fine."
I smiled cheerfully.
Taichi: "Now, shall we get moving?"
Yuusa: "That's, umm, I'm sorry, but your handkerchief!"
This time, I wiped her tears with my thumb.
Taichi: "It's no handkerchief for a cute kouhai to get so worked up about."
Yuusa: ".........!!!"
The girl received a big shock.
Taichi: "Compensation's fine and all, but you really should be careful not to catch a cold, Yuusa-kun."
I bopped her head and started walking again.
Yuusa-chan was stupefied.
Taichi: "Hey, Ojou-san, school."
Yuusa: "......y-"
Yuusa: "Yes!"
She started jogging frantically.
Yuusa: "......"
Taichi: "Mm?"
She was holding my hand.
She's red up to her ears, and staring at the ground.
What a cute reaction for such a little thing.
However, I didn't feel that the goodwill I'd won from her with only a single handkerchief was undeserved.
But there's no mistake my brain was rotten enough to think that I wanted to make a strong-willed kid with her. Die, I should just die already.
Touko was there.
Come to think of it, isn't she always the first to show up here?
Taichi: "Morning."
Touko: "......(hmph)"
Cold shoulder?
You're giving me the cold shoulder?
Taichi: "Panties......"
Touko: "Tedious."
Taichi: "Would you buy my panties?"
Touko: "Whyyy do I have to buy your panties!?"
Touko shoved her desk aside as she stood up.
Taichi: "You're hot-tempered in the morning."
I gave her a thumbs-up.
Touko: "......"
Touko grabbed my thumb and jerked it sharply to one side.
Taichi: "Gieeeeeeee!!!"
Taichi: "You moron! What if you broke it!? How am I supposed to masturbate now!?"
I'm just glad I didn't lose my whole hand.
Touko: "Don't talk to me."
Taichi: "Did you watch the TV yesterday?"
Touko: "Don't talk to me!"
Taichi: "......muu."
If you tell me not to talk to you with such a bitter tongue, that just makes me want to talk more.
But when I speak to her again, her bitter tongue once more tells me not to talk.
  -Talk to her
  -Go to club
Taichi: "Hey, reversely-attributed competitive girl."
Touko: "Haa......?"
Taichi: "I'll give you this."
I held out the sandwich from this morning.
Touko stared at it in disbelief.
Touko: "What, is this?"
Taichi: "Sweet bean bread."
Touko: "How could it be one of those!? This is a sandwich!"
Taichi: "So you did know what it was."
Taichi: "Here."
Touko: "......stop it."
She threw my hand off of her.
The sandwich fell.
I picked it up.
Taichi: "Are you eating properly?"
Touko: "That's none of your business."
She looked the other way.
Taichi: "Isn't it painful to have no one besides yourself to worry about you?"
Touko: "I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "You want people to worry about you."
Taichi: "You want them to complete you."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And I, for one, do worry a little."
She surely despises me.
Touko: "You sure can talk."
Touko: "If you're really worried about me, then why, why!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "......Kirihara."
Touko: "What!?
Taichi: "Your face looks unhealthy. Is that biological?"
*slap!*
Touko: "Are you an idiot!?"
She spat out a curse as she left.
Taichi: "Ah, your sandwich......"
I sighed.
Taichi: "......there are better ways to kill yourself."
Without a better option, I unwrapped the sandwich and bit into it myself.
RETI'll leave her alone for a while.
Touko's been acting strangely lately.
And that strangeness is becoming permanent.
At times like these, I should go clear my mind by talking to Sempai.
Miki: "Ah, Sempaiii."
Taichi: "Yo."
I ran into Miki as she stood by the wall with nothing to do.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Miki: "Haa, well, something."
Taichi: "?"
Miki: "Where are you going?"
Taichi: "The roof."
Miki: "......which means...the club?"
Taichi: "Of course I'm going to the club."
Miki: "Haa......"
Miki was slightly dumbfounded.
Miki: "Are you seriously participating in the club?"
Taichi: "There's nothing else to do."
Taichi: "I'm just going to show my face."
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "Wanna come with?"
Miki: "Aah, not right now......"
Then,
A girl came out of the girl's bathroom nearby.
Sakura Kiri.
The other Flower.
A slightly androgynous girl with short hair.
Kiri: "............"
Kiri took one look at me,
Then ignored me.
Kiri: "Sorry to keep you waiting."
Taichi: "Go, od, Mo, rn, ing."
I greeted Kiri with the full range of tongue movement.
Kiri: "......good morning."
She returned that greeting as if ruing it from the bottom of her heart.
It's only natural.
Kiri hates my guts.
But the more she hates me, the more I notice her.
Taichi: "Today's super hot, isn't it? We really should---"
Kiri: "Let's go, Miki."
Miki: "Kiri, be nice......"
Taichi: "Yes, let's go."
While holding out my arms like a gamine (archaic word), I walked in line with them.
Kiri: "......Kurosu-sempai."
Taichi: "What?"
I stood still.
Kiri: "Miki and I are going now."
Taichi: "But The Flowers are a trio. One mind, one body."
Kiri: "......tsk."
She clicked her tongue.
Uwaa......
Somehow, that excited me.
Taichi: "Kiri, let's go on a date sometime. There are some fun movies playing right now."
Kiri: "......have you gone mad, Kurosu-sempai?"
Kiri: "Please stop mocking me. Any more and I'll just ignore you."
Taichi: "Arara."
I don't actually want her to hate me.
I'll leave it at this for now.
Sweet things are more delicious when you only lick a little bit at a time.
Eating them all at once makes one lose interest.
Did someone say eating?
Taichi: "Damn you! Get out of there!"
I punched my own temporal lobe.
Kiri looked at me with a dubious face.
Only for a moment.
Kiri: "Let's go......wh-what the?"
Miki: "......my stomach-"
Kiri: "-does it hurt?"
Taichi: "-does it hurt?"
Miki: "Ah, you echoed......"
Kiri: "......tsk."
Kiri glared at me.
......why won't she stop?
Miki: "Come on, you two......you shouldn't be fighting, even after I die......uu......"
Taichi: "Mikiii!! No, Miki! Don't go yet! If you're not here, who'll give birth to my children!?"
Miki: "Kiri-chan will......she'll be popping them right out......"
Marvelous news.
Taichi: "Seriously?!?"
I approached Kiri.
Kiri: "......Miki, cut it out."
Miki: "Oh no, are you mad?"
Kiri: "I'm not trading lunches with you anymore."
Miki: "Anything but that!!!"
She clung to her sleeve.
Taichi: "......so it was a fake illness all along?"
Miki: "No, my stomach hurting......what I mean to say is......it's a metaphor for some mental..."
Miki: "Never mind, just try and start getting along, both of you!"
She cried.
Taichi: "Eh, me? Am I the cause?"
Miki: "Please consider the feelings of sandwich ingredients."
Taichi: "Three......a flower in both hands?"
Was she suggesting a threesome?
Taichi: "Afu, that's wrong......the bread is male, so that makes this the fabled double penetration. I've hardly ever seen that in AVs!"
Two men, one woman.
I feel a nosebleed coming.
Miki: "This alien is hopeless."
Kiri: "......Miiiki."
Miki: "Yes-yes! I'm sorry, Sempai."
Taichi: "Yeah, me too. I have to at least show my face there."
Miki: "Then we shall take our leave."
I took a fencing stance.
Taichi: "Kiri, I'll leave Miki in your hands for now......but there will come a day when I take that body for my own."
Miki: "Kyaai, you're the heroine of a love triangle♪"
Kiri: "......"
Ignoring me.
She walked away.
Miki stayed behind and whispered softly in my ear.
Miki: "......Kiri-chi's not the bad guy here......but, I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "I don't mind."
Miki: "Besides, that's just how much Kiri likes Sempai."
Taichi: "Oh?"
Miki: "It'd be nice if there comes a day when you reconcile with Kiri-chin so you can sexually harass her too---"
Kiri: "Miki, hurry up!!"
Miki jumped.
Miki: "Uhiii, I'll be going now."
Taichi: "Bye-bye."
She jogged up to Kiri, and they both left me.
Was Miki trying to defend Kiri just now?
Just lovely.
I called out to both their backs.
Taichi: "Aah, you two."
But only Miki stopped and turned around.
Taichi: "Please take good care of yourselves."
Miki energetically pumped her fist, and Kiri looked away after one glance.
The construction of the antenna seems to be progressing slowly, but steadily.
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......nnah, nnnaah?"
Taichi: "What's the meaning of this? You sleeping so long..."
Misato: "No, I wasn't sleeping."
She staggered to her feet.
Misato: "Anyway, good morning."
Taichi: "Good morning, Sempai."
Taichi: "Won't you die from the heat if you sleep here in the middle of the day?"
Misato: "Ah, right, that's true. I'll be more careful."
Sempai wiped her glasses with the hem of her skirt.
......I can see her panties.
This girl's still half-asleep.
Could she possibly have stayed here all night?
I didn't have the courage to ask.
Plump thighs.
Come to think of it, in Japan of late,
There are loliskis rushing for their lolis against all the trends and regulations of society.
A certain critical part of the media aside, it'd be unforgivable were there not lolis.
And I, Kurosu Taichi, have one thing to say to that world!
That is a sickness!
Young girls are cute too, but these thighs and glimpses of light blue cloth are also great things.
Misato: "Nyamu......"
She held back a yawn while wiping her glasses.
Honest.
This is Sempai's honest face.
Her skirt fell back into place.
Sempai put her glasses back on.
Misato: "I'm sleepy......"
Taichi: "I bet you are."
Misato: "Uhhh, what were you here for?"
Taichi: "Work, please."
Misato: "Why are you talking with your back to me?"
Taichi: "I can only say that it is due to a solid, three-dimensional problem."
Misato: "Philosophical...that's very philosophical."
Though it's actually a very vulgar and fleshy reason.
Taichi: "I'll be participating in the club, so can I have some work, please?"
Misato: "Aaannn......"
Sempai muttered to herself.
I'm listening to her, but I can't make out much.
I caught these fragments:
Misato: 『I was an idiot for worrying.』
Misato: 『It's not like I've been running.』
Misato: 『...like a dog...』
Misato: 『...taking a liking...』
Misato: 『...not a nuisance or anything...』
Misato: 『...as someone to hang out with...』
Misato: 『I'm the older one after all.』
Misato: 『Hic!』
That last one's a hiccup.
Isn't there something weird about her?
Though she's always a subtly weird and wonderful lady, today it feels like she's broken down.
Taichi: "Se-Sempai?"
Misato: "Script......"
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Pleeease write a draft."
She said with drowsy eyes.
Taichi: "A draft? Of what?"
Misato: "A draft of the pilot broadcast of the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Taichi: "Aaah, so you want a broadcast script that we can send flying through the air with this antenna."
Misato: "That's right. What we desire is intelligent emotion, tears and truth. Is a revival of well-aged youth culture refreshing to listeners' ears something beyond our Broadcasting Club's hands, I mean voices, to realize!?"
Several bottles of sake had been rolling around Sempai's feet.
Taichi: "Ooooooooh!!?"
Misato: "Lack of morals, overextended egoistic individualism, basic rights used to allow time to be spent lazily, modern society being infected by these kinds of corruptive hazards--"
Misato: "Is it something we youngsters possessing mutually constructed friendships are capable of? I think our Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is capable of providing a satisfactory answer to this question."
Taichi: "Your Japanese is really good..."
Misato: "Ku-ku-ku......"
She's laughing.
Her clenched fist wandered aimlessly in the air, then fell into her pocket.
It came out.
Holding a cup.
Taichi: "Aaah, aaah, aaah......"
This is reckless.
She looked wonderful, even when chugging sake.
She's like a middle-aged man......
Misato: "You'll write a manuscript."
She said with sunken eyes.
Taichi: "O...okay......"
Misato: "The deadline is Sunday."
Taichi: "Okay."
Misato: "Wonderful!"
Misato: "Then I think I shall rely on you to write that manuscript, and I think I'd like to take a nap here."
Taichi: "Why do you sound foreign?"
Misato: "Uuu."
She sprawled out on the floor.
Taichi: "You can't!"
Misato: "Kuhuhuhuhuhuhu."
Taichi: "Sempai, come on Sempai."
Misato: "Refreshing..."
Is she asleep?
That hard-working Sempai was drinking......
Taichi: "Umm, for now......why don't you sleep in the health room?"
Misato: "Go aheadly, Peke-kun......"
Sempai renounced all with those misinflected words.
Taichi: "You know I'm going to have to carry you there, right?"
Misato: "ZZZ......"
Taichi: "You know I might touch your breasts and butt, right?"
Taichi: "You know you might be missing your panties when you wake up, right?"
Taichi: "When you wake up......'Why do I feel a draft in my crotchy?......What?! I'm not wearing panties!? How did this happen!?
'Did I do anything slutty? It can't be......that's......no......ah, I'm wet......what have I been doing?'"
Taichi: "But I'll have been the one that did something!"
I punched my own temporal lobe.
Taichi: "Seriously......"
I'm a hopeless person.
To start with, I held Sempai up in a sitting position.
*plop*
Her head fell forward.
She really is sleeping.
Taichi: "......aaah, something......something about this feels wrong......"
*squeeze*
I hugged her.
A pair of sensations at my chest like balloons bursting.
Taichi: "I'm moved."
And my next movement......
My hands rummaged around her back,
Found her bra hook,
And unhooked it. (Required Time: 0.5 seconds)
I loosened the entire bra, and gradually pulled it out through the gap just above her necktie. 
While it was still at body temperature, I affixed it to my nose.
The s-c-e-n-t.
Taichi: "......I have received my remuneration for nursing you, Misato-sempai."
I put it in my pocket, then began to carry Sempai on my back.
She's pretty heavy.
But the moderately emerging pair of sensations wouldn't stop.
Those breasts.
Bare boobs covered only by a single shirt.
My breathing became rough, and a tent was constructed.
The birth of Tentman.
Taichi: "Now, let's go."
Besides, there's no one watching.
Not good, not good.
The sensation spurring me on was so wonderful that I ended up walking all over the school for no reason.
Now...
There's no one in the health room.
I laid Sempai down on an empty bed.
Taichi: "Good night, Sempai. Sweet dreams."
Taichi: "......"
*kiss*
Taichi: "And now..."
Finally, the beginning of the day.
......no, it was just her cheek.
As usual, Mutsumi-oba-san wasn't there.
Instead, there was a note.
『There isn't not dinner.』
Taichi: "Off I go, off I go♪"
I left the house with a light heart.
One nice thing about living in the country: the nights aren't painfully hot.
The wind slipping in through my window felt nice and cold on my skin.
I have a lot of things to write about today.
I have to write both my diary and the manuscript.
I'll start with the manuscript.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Text befitting a pilot broadcast...
Taichi: "............"
{}THIS IS HARD.
Write, erase, write, erase.
A battle with one step back for every step forward.
After an hour, I fell down on my desk.
Hey! You've only written two lines there!
『We are the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club. Everything within broadcast range has now been annexed by us. Everyone promptly abandon your weapons and---』
Taichi: "No! No! No! No!"
I tore up the manuscript paper.
I tried too hard to get attention, and completely lost sight of our goals!!!!!
I should make it more serious.
Trying to work a little humor in just makes it sound weird.
Taichi: "Enough."
I can't get in the mood tonight.
I'll write my diary instead.
Objectify your emotions!
Who was the one who stuffed curry into the bread in the first place?
That question has always tormissed me. 
*tormiss = Taichi's typo. A theoretical error in which he tied the meaning of "torment" to the connotation of "misplace."
In the same way, Taichi mistakenly thought that turtlenecks were 'totalnecks' because they totally cover his neck.
But going belly and forth in search of an answer will only leave me with a hollow feeling at the end of the day.
*belly = Taichi's typo
Baudelaire once said:
『God is dead.』
It may be easy to doubt the existence of a god, but for those who never give his existence a second thought, and believe life is a straight line laid out for them every day, he'll suddenly profit forks in their paths.  
*profit = Taichi's typo of 'prepare'
For ex{ae}mple, the time to roll out a hairless conversation with an obstinate woman.
*hairless = confused with 'profitless'
For ex{ae}mple, the time I met with a good friend of mine and an estranged friend of mine at the same moment.
And the time those two rebuilt a friendly relationship between themselves.
Regarding either one of them, I'd ××× until I couldn't not feel the towering will to ×××× them both equally with the mysterious ××× near her nose and mouth ×××× when I would, along with priceless love--
The ××× which was ×××× as it did ××× it would ×××× ×××××××××××× but ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××.
『What we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence.』
These are Kierkegaard's famous words.
I will now leave the subject of Kiri-jou's elegant androgyny and my just passion toward her.
For that is not the only pleasure in life.
Yes.
The Sempai of my life whom I met on the roof, with her maternal open-mindedness and loving affection. No matter how much I wrote about Misato-jou, the bling would never end.
*bling = Taichi's typo for 'bliss'
First, there are her indescribable thighs, which were (censored).
And in my hands, there remained the bra which was once attached to her body.
When I breathed through it, though it had already lost its body heat, the girl's faint smell took me away to yet another strong delusional delusion.
‾FIN‾
It's clear.
This abundant poetic sentiment and philosophy.
If I'd been born in the artistic metropolis of London, this literary talent I'd just gushed out would've made me a star.
Wow, I can really get full of myself after using a couple of slightly challenging words.
I have to keep using precise vocabulary words like 'denomination,' 'tautology' and 'irony' without translating them into simple Japanese.
Taichi: "Nnn."
I stretched and relaxed.
Being an author wouldn't be too bad.
Though there are a few parts too overly violent for modern Japan which would have to be censored.
That's it, this is how I'll write the manuscript.
I'll compose a showy, dazzling, pedantic scroll for broadcast, and try to make a manuscript that's both high-brow and delicate for the intelligentsia.
Abruptly motivated, I retook my pen.
When I got to the classroom, there was no one there.
Not even Touko, who was always sitting sullenly in her seat.
Taichi: "Now then,"
I took out the manuscript paper from my book bag.
I'd finished it in one night.
I'll go get it okayed right away.
To the roof.
Misato: "Peke-kun."
She met me with a suspicious gaze.
Taichi: "Oya, president."
Taichi: "For what reason are you guarding your chest?"
Misato: "......that's......"
Her face turned red.
Misato: "Umm, yesterday, I don't remember it very well."
Taichi: "I'm not surprised."
Misato: "I-I couldn't have...?"
Taichi: "Wh-what is it?"
I played dumb.
Misato: "............"
She looked down, and agonized.
But the arms covering her chest wouldn't waver by an iota.
Taichi: "Anyway, let's go over here."
I grabbed Sempai's wrist and pulled.
Misato: "Kyawa!!?"
Sempai screamed hastily.
Misato: "Stoooooop!"
Taichi: "He?"
Misato: "Suke......"
Taichi: "Suke?"
Misato: "Suke, suke......"
Misato: "Sukeepugooto."
Taichi: "Scapegoat."
In my head, I thought of a single goat in a grassy field.
Misato: "I don't want to be a scapegoat."
Taichi: "Neither would I."
Misato: "We have to be careful about that."
Taichi: "Haa."
Taichi: "But I didn't want to make Sempai into a scapegoat; I only wanted to move you into the shade."
Misato: "Ah, that's right. Then let's do that."
She's loosening up.
We moved.
Taichi: "By the way Sempai, you were drinking sake yesterday."
Misato: "Ah, eh, aaah."
Misato: "......I'm sorry."
Her body withered.
Taichi: "It was troublesome."
Misato: "You don't mean I......was drunk and......did something extreme?"
Yes, she's hooked.
Taichi: "Yes, you were putting on such a shameless performance that I cannot speak of it."
Misato: "-!?"
Sempai's eyes became a 『×』 stretched horizontally.
She was completely lost for words.
Misato: "Aaaah!!"
Taichi: "But fear not. I dealt with it in such a manner that no one saw a thing."
Misato: "......aah, so that's what happened......thank you very much."
Sempai lowered her head, leaving one matter untouched.
Misato: "But, I...exactly what kind of unseemly......?"
Taichi: "Do you want to know?"
Misato: "......"
Hesitation.
Taichi: "Are you going to take responsibility for it?"
Misato: "What?"
This time her eyes turned into dots.
Taichi: "I mean, if I tell you, will you feel like doing that?"
Misato: "Hawawawa."
Taichi: "Oh no, if you think about it calmly, it's no big deal."
Misato: "Is...is that true?"
Taichi: "Do you want to know?"
Sempai thought about it with crossed eyes for a fairly long time.
Misato: "............yes."
Taichi: "It wasn't really a big deal, but-"
Taichi: "Using the antenna's wiring over there, you put on a naked ribbon dance, facing this way so I could take pic-"
Misato: "I'm finished."
She collapsed with a soft thud.
Misato: "To whom it may concern, how might we deign to spend our days after my spring hibernation......" 
She read aloud a fictional letter.
Taichi: "Sempai, get a grip."
Misato: "......I never thought my life could reach an even lower low......"
Taichi: "I dealt with it skillfully, so-"
Misato: "On top of that......my bra......"
Taichi: "You mean, it hath not returned home?"
Sempai nodded silently.
Taichi: "Then, right now......you're as you were when you woke up?"
Again, a nod.
Taichi: "Then,"
I swallowed.
Right now, Sempai is,
Under that thin, nearly see-through shirt,
Nake-...naked!!!
Underrrrrrr her clothesssss she's nakedddddddd!!
......wait, come to think of it, all the girlies of the world are naked under their clothes.
Well, the point is......she's bra-less.
And Sempai's are large.
And her shirt is tight, so they stand out.
I get it, that's why she's acting weird.
Taichi: "For now, why not go home and take a shower?"
Misato: "Do I smell bad?"
Misato: "I did wipe myself down with the school's water......"
Ah, what a nice stew...
If I'd woken up sooner maybe I would've chanced upon it.
Why can't I get swept into events like that?
That's simply unacceptable. I'm a failure as an eero.
*eero = Taichian for a heroic being with erotic behavior.
Taichi: "Sempai, please leave it to me."
Misato: "?"
I returned to the classroom.
I took out a sports towel from my belongings.
Taichi: "Will this work as a substitute?"
I held it out.
Misato: "Peke-kuuun."
Sempai was moved to the point of tears.
Taichi: "That's bleached cotton, right? If you put this in, I think it'll at least be harder to see through."
Misato: "You're such a good boy......"
As tears welled up, she took the towel.
Misato: "Please wait just a moment. If you move I'll __ you."
Taichi: "Yeees."
Sempai took shelter nearby.
I feel like I want to be __'ed, but I'll let it go.
Taichi: "......"
What kind of __ could it be...
Maybe, she's going to __ the tip of my rod with the two wild strawberries at the tips of her breasts......
Taichi: "Aaaaah, you idiot! Idiot! Idiot! I'm an idiot!"
A few minutes later.
Misato: "Yaa, Peke-kun, good morning!!!"
She reappeared with an absurdly bright face.
And with her breasts covered.
Misato: "Today's another summer day. It looks like this heat isn't going away anytime soon."
Taichi: "I...I couldn't agree more."
Misato: "So, what are you up to this morning?"
Taichi: "I've come to deliver the manuscript you requested from me yesterday."
Misato: "Manuscript? You wrote a script for our pilot broadcast?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "Peke-kun, that's amazing. I had no idea you would do such a thing."
Her expression was filled with goodwill and admiration.
Taichi: "It was nothing, really..."
I twisted like a bread roll.
Misato: "Do you mind if I see it?"
Taichi: "Here doth it be."
Misato: "Then,"
I passed her the manuscript paper.
Sempai's eyes became stricter than usual.
Her gaze ran lightly across the page.
Taichi: "......"
In no time at all,
Sempai raised her head.
A full smile. If I were to compare it to something......the Holy Mother.
The Holy Mother's heavenly light.
With a halo over her, she spoke.
Misato: "Rejected."
Taichi: "Waffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!"
Through the fence, I cried out to the town.
Taichi: "I'll resubmit it......"
Misato: "I'll be waiting."
I shuffled back indoors.
Taichi: "Ah, right, right, please be sure to return that towel without washing it."
Misato: "What?"
At the moment Sempai tilted her head,
The various building materials propped up around her slowly began to move.
Taichi: "OH! Dangerous!"
Misato: "Eh?"
I won't make it!
Stepladder, needles, tools......all of those things,
All rained down on Sempai.
Rained down---
Misato: "......nnn......"
Sempai woke up.
Taichi: "Thank goodness......you're unhurt......I was worried."
Misato: "Didn't I...?"
Taichi: "Hic, thank God it wasn't anything serious......"
Taichi: "Nee-san."
Misato: "Incorrect."
Taichi: "That hurts."
She'd returned to normal, and said,
Misato: "Please tell me what happened."
Taichi: "Sempai got injured."
Taichi: "I did first aid and carried you here."
Taichi: "Then, just now, you woke up."
Misato: "I...got injured?"
Taichi: "Just a little."
Misato: "Ummm......?"
Sempai touched every part of her body.
Bandages were wrapped around her arms.
Medical tape was stretched across various parts of her body.
Misato: "Ow-ow-ow-ow, I hurt all over......"
Taichi: "You have light bruises all over your body."
Misato: "......I'm so careless."
Taichi: "But thankfully, it's nothing serious."
Misato: "......thank you, Peke-kun, for calling to me."
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Now, back to the club......"
Taichi: "Hey, hey, don't move."
I pushed her back down.
Misato: "Why shouldn't I?"
Taichi: "Fundamentally, it's no big deal, but......"
I gently pulled up the sheets, then her skirt,
Exposing her bare thighs. Bare...thighs...
Misato: "........................"
Taichi: "See, right here on your bare thighs, you've got a small cut. So you should take the day off from club......"
Misato: "Hafu, hafu."
Her mouth opened and closed like a fish.
Taichi: "Uwa, blood's oozing out."
Blood.
Taichi: "May I change your bandages?"
She nodded mechanically.
I brought new bandages over and changed them.
Taichi: "Not to change the subject, but,"
Taichi: "You have sexy legs."
Misato: "I'll do it myself."
Taichi: "Eh, no you can't. Please leave it to me."
Misato: "No...please let me......"
Taichi: "But,"
I looked at her thighs.
Blood oozed out.
Not good.
Taichi: "But,"
Such pretty blood...
Is flowing out of her...
Red blood.
Red. Red.
I felt dizzy, and closed my eyes.
Then opened them.
Aaah......
The world's always vague.
Everything that stirs will turn red with just a touch.
Simple. It's a simple thing.
All my senses were strengthened, and I became able to see the invisible.
The range of the visible light spectrum changed.
My vision became indistinctly hazy, and I became highly sensitive to motion.
I abruptly forgot what I was.
The sensation of my consciousness switching.
I moved.
My sense of being was vague.
Some part of me knew that I was not myself.
A red spot in the center of my range of vision.
I tried to approach it.
Static.
There seems to have been some kind of phenomenon.
I don't know the details.
My body can't sense them.
I had joined with the world, and that feeling of omnipotence became everything.
Static.
Just what is this?
Something heterogeneous in the world.
A red spot.
Aaah.
Aaah, I get it.
I've been erring.
That which I could see had been unilaterally designated as my daily life.
But that wasn't actually true.
That contradiction brought about constriction and innovation within my range of vision.
The beast who'd attained understanding of his role fidgeted from delight.
A beast who constructed instincts which follow rules, impulses and groupings contrary to the present age.
Taichi: "wwwﾍ√ﾚvvwwﾍ√‾‾"
I produced a sound.
Static.
This is......what?
Strain your consciousness.
Take it in.
Unravel it.
Interpret it.
Define it.
That's it.
This is sound.
The same kind of wave my own mouth formed.
My consciousness converged. Now that I knew it was sound, it could be quickly translated.
***********
Mi**********
Misato**ke***n?*
Misato: "Pe*...**n?"
Misato: "Peke...*kun?"
Misato: "Peke......kun?"
Aah, now I see.
Miyasumi Misato.
It's Sempai.
Sempai's words.
Sempai's red.
Misato: 『You're always alone, aren't you?』
That's why,
Misato: 『Why don't we start a club together?』
Attacking is prohibited.
Taichi: "Get away!!!"
Misato: "Wa!"
My vision cleared up.
Taichi: "............nnn."
I had a headache.
Taichi: "Of all the-......"
This timing...
The combination of blood and the evening sun really isn't good.
I feel like crying.
Taichi: "My, my, isn't this troublesome? Wahaha."
Misato: *sobbing*
My Venus, Sempai, had been crying.
Taichi: "Who did this!? Whatever bastard made Sempai cry, show yourself!!"
I took an empty-fisted stance.
Taichi: "I'll make you taste my karade!"
Misato: *sobbing*
Taichi: "Sempai, who did this to you!?"
Sempai pointed at me.
Taichi: "Surmounting oneself is as hard as writing 'self-denial'!!!"
Misato: "Peke-kun? Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Ah......yes?"
Misato: "Ah, you're back to the normal Peke-kun......"
Taichi: "I am the Taichi who shalt be your prince of love for perpetuity."
I knelt before her.
Taichi: "Have you need of my karade?"
Misato: "I don't care about your 'karade' or whatever incomprehensible martial art......"
Misato: "Just now, Peke-kun, you were like a robotian, and I was scared."
*Robotian = Misatoan for a robot with a will.
Taichi: "You mean a Taichibot?"
Misato: "Something like that."
Taichi: "I was deranged."
Misato: "......are you all right now?"
She couldn't make any complicated jokes right now.
Taichi: "Yes, as my dual booted OS change ended quickly,"
Misato: "I heard from Hashisaki-sensei that Peke-kun's English grades were horrible."
Taichi: "Anyway, Sempai, we need to hurry and stop the bleeding."
  -Dress her wounds
  -Don't
Misato: "Ah......"
When I brought Sempai's legs into the light (this time without ulterior motives)...
On the hemorrhaging part of her body......there were......bite marks.
In the vicinity of the wound, a small quantity of red heat faintly radiated under her bandages.
It looked like someone or something had tried to tear it off with their teeth.
No.
It didn't just look like that; there wasn't anything else it could've been.
Taichi: "......Sempai?"
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "......have you scorned me?"
Misato: "Scorned?"
Taichi: "Well..."
I can't put it into words.
How should I take account of feelings and actions that even I can't translate well.
Taichi: "I mean..."
Sempai softly smiled.
Misato: "You've done nothing to deserve my scorn."
Taichi: "......are you...sure?"
But...
I looked at her wound.
Sempai quietly covered it with her skirt.
Misato: "You fulfilled your promise, so I'll let it slide."
Misato: "Since you came to help with the club."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Please let me dress your wounds."
Misato: "......okay."
After that, I dressed her wounds.
This time, I didn't have a fit.
Because I was happy.
Because I had a nobler emotion within me.
Misato: "That tickles."
Taichi: "I'm, I'm sorry......I'm just tense."
Misato: "You really suck at wrapping bandages."
Taichi: "I haven't got any experience......"
Misato: "Th-that tickles!"
Taichi: "Uuuuu......"
Such a happy time.
There it was---
Misato: "Ah!"
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Where's my cell phone?"
Taichi: "Your cell phone?"
Sudden, everyday words.
My thoughts were paralyzed.
Misato: "I must have dropped it."
Her face looked horribly troubled.
Taichi: "I'll go look for it. It's gotta be on the roof."
Misato: "Please do."
I left the health room, heading for the roof.
I found the cell phone right away.
It had fallen into the litter of building materials.
Taichi: "Why does she want her cell phone?"
A trivial question.
Taichi: "Never mind."
I quickly ignored it.
Everyone needs something to rely on.
Sempai might be entrusting great value to something as tiny as a cell phone, the same way I do with some of my things.
Taichi: "Is this it?"
Misato: "Aah, there it is."
Sempai took it, smiling cheek-to-cheek.
Misato: "Good work. Now it's all over."
Taichi: "Eh......?"
My face distorted, not quite into a smile.
Like I'd just heard a bad joke.
Taichi: "You're really letting me off easy."
Misato: "I'm Gunjou too, you know."
Misato: "So, are you going to do that again?"
Taichi: "......I don't know. There is a possibility."
Taichi: "Since it's something like a fit."
Misato: "Then this falls under extenuating circumstances."
Taichi: "......naive."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai, you're naive."
Taichi: "I'm not a safe underage man."
Misato: "But when I said 'stop,' you did stop."
I did?
I wasn't in the position to understand words at the time.
A coincidence?
It had to be.
But, I wonder...
Taichi: "It might be wrong for me to get any closer to Sempai......since that would mean..."
I cut off my words.
A silent summer.
So quiet, the presence of clubs and classes was growing imperceptible.
The white health room controlling tranquility.
Because the world is filled with twilight, a room with white tones will not resist, but become subordinate, and likely hand over for sacrifice the two foreign bodies it holds in its womb.
The evening color has a stronger impression than any other time of day.
It'd be truly frightening if everything changed into another world.
The time of destruction.
The time when I could see multiple worlds.
Who could guarantee that the sun, now sinking until the next morning, where it'll rise up with an unsatisfied look, is truly the same as yesterday's?
If the world met with destruction every day,
And was resurrected along with the next day, but it was only humans who didn't know about it,
There'd be no means to confirm it.
Nowhere is there proof that the actual world and the world humans recognize are one and the same.
And yet, now, I felt that only the small space of the health room was avoiding the crimson infiltration.
Because at some point, I became able to see the world clearly.
Misato: "......there's no such thing as a perfect person, is there?"
Misato: "Isn't everyone weird in some way?"
Misato: "If you attack each and every failure and deficiency, you can't go on living."
Misato: "Hey, isn't that true?"
Taichi: "......"
If even a single tear came out, she'd look very awkward.
But mysteriously, the intense emotions concealed their forms.
Taichi: "......I really admire Sempai, for inviting me to her club, when I was all alone."
I spoke falteringly.
Sempai watched over me.
Time quietly moved on.
Taichi: "I don't want to be hated, nor do I want to hurt anyone."
Taichi: "......I feel that what I've just done is inexcusable."
Taichi: "But I'm not confident I can control myself."
Misato: "What should we do?"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "First, what do we need to be careful of? Especially me."
Taichi: "......that's..."
If I think calmly,
Taichi: "If we make sure I don't see Sempai's blood..."
Misato: "So be careful not to get hurt?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "But I'm constructing the antenna, and using tools, so I am facing the danger of injury."
Taichi: "Yes, that's why it's best I don't-"
Misato: "Peke-kun will-"
She spoke in my place.
Misato: "-help me with the tasks which require brute strength, right?"
Taichi: "........................"
That hit home.
Deep within the ribs enclosing my heart, something quivered.
Misato: 『You're always alone, aren't you?』
Misato: 『Why don't we start a club together?』
One of the sayings I added to the analects within my heart.
Overwhelmingly warm, soft and powerful.
Worries I couldn't resolve on my own had dissolved with only a few words from a stranger.
I think that's why people want to make plans together, with each other.
By words, by bodies, by phones.
......by correspondence.
By any number of means.
They can make an effort to touch one another.
That's what people are.
Misato: "I'll have you help me with the assembly after all."
Taichi: "......okay."
I felt embarrassed.
Sempai was smiling like she was having fun.
Youko-san once said I'm a powerful human.
I don't like that kind of valuation.
It's wrong.
Humans other than me are simply amazing.
Mimi-sempai was always putting me in a good mood by charming and making sport of me.
That's not......something I can do by myself.
I want to be beside her.
As many days that time will allow.
Until the day it all ends.
And even then, there's still time.
Taichi: "Please let me."
Misato: "Mmm."
She lowered her head,
She slapped down her hands,
Shyly,
Finally smiling.
Now, she's back to normal.
I was so happy, tears came out.
Sempai's hands opened the curtain.
In an instant, the health room was devoured by orange.
Misato: "These scrapes and bruises don't matter anymore."
Taichi: "Eh, but you're hemorrhaging quite-?"
Misato: "I bleed more than this every month."
Taichi: "Bu-----!"
I performed a classic nosebleed.
Misato: "Kyaa!"
Taichi: "When one's childhood friend who happens to be a girl gets their menarche in a romance manga about that stuff, wouldn't there be or not be a few graphic scenes!!?"
My consciousness blacked out.
*plop*
Misato: "H-huh? Peke-kun?"
Misato: "Hey! Are you there!?"
Then,
Taichi: "......wha-?"
I woke up. A white room. The health room.
I'd been laid to rest on the bed.
Taichi: "That's right......Misato-sempai's menarche event occurred......"
*He's tragically mistaken
Taichi: "Hmmm."
It looks like she put me on this bed.
With those slender arms.
Taichi: "Aaah, I've tasted shame!"
I buried my face in the pillow.
Taichi: "It smells like Sempai......"
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa-suuu-haa-haa (*super hopeless person) 
*Super and suuuhaaa are related, Madam!!
Tomoki: "Taichiii."
As I walked down the hallway, my name was called.
Taichi: "Oh, you're still here?"
Tomoki: "Same to you."
Tomoki's face was like a noh mask.
We left a subtle distance between us.
Taichi: "I was at club."
Taichi: "I've been showing up there lately."
Tomoki: "......why this again?"
Taichi: "Well, isn't it nice to have goals?"
Tomoki: "By 'club,' you meant 'that' nonsense?"
The opening of the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club channel.
Taichi: "That's not nonsense, probably."
Tomoki: "If Taichi's doing such a thing......well, there must be some kind of reason."
Tomoki: "Who else is participating?"
Taichi: "The prez."
Tomoki: "......that's it?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Tomoki: "That's not a club......"
Taichi: "We call it a club to pleasure ourselves."
Tomoki: "......lately, I'd known she'd been pushing a lot of things forward...so that was for the club..."
I shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "Same goes for you. What're you doing now?"
Tomoki: "A club."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Taichi: "......eh? I don't get you."
Tomoki: "A real club."
Tomoki: "Come participate if you're free."
Taichi: "That'd be nice, but......"
Tomoki: "......you'll be betrayed."
He spat out.
Taichi: "By who?"
Tomoki: "By the prez."
Taichi: "Why?"
Tomoki: "That's why it's best not to get too close to her."
Tomoki turned his back to me and walked away.
He was acting weird.
But why?
On the way home,
The once-quiet cicadas slowly but steadily began to chirp once more.
Shinkawa: "Heya there."
Taichi: "Nnn? ......oooh, Tanizaki!"
Shinkawa: "Kounosu! How've you been?"
Taichi: "Aaah...I, Kounosu Taichi, have the sole merit of feeling great even if my license gets suspended."
Shinkawa: "But can't you say the same about me, Tanizaki Yutaka?"
Taichi: "It's been a few days, Tanizaki."
Shinkawa: "Yes it has, Kounosu."
Taichi: "When will Tanizaki start going to school?"
Shinkawa: "They say it'll start tomorrow, Kounosu."
He waved the A4 envelope in his hand.
Must be full of school documents.
Taichi: "Oh, transfer into our class, Tanizaki."
Shinkawa: "Kounosu, don't ask the impossible. You know it's not my decision."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Shinkawa: "Wahaha."
We both laughed deeply.
Taichi: "But even so, Tanizaki---"
Shinkawa: "......okay, I give! My name is Shinkawa Yutaka. My apologies Kurosu-san."
Taichi: "Aaah, you're going to stop that?"
Shinkawa: "It seemed like it'd keep going forever."
Taichi: "Going home already?"
Shinkawa: "Yeah."
Taichi: "Why not come by my place?"
Shinkawa: "Is it close by?"
Taichi: "Ten minutes from here I'd guess."
Shinkawa: "Don't you live in a nice place. Sorry though, next time."
Shinkawa: "My niece...she's going to Gunjou after all, so I need to tell her a lot about it."
My ears,
Such information,
It won't slip by me (grab).
Shinkawa: "What's that thumbs-up about?"
Taichi: "Hey, you, the guy over there."
Shinkawa: "Wh-what is it?"
Taichi: "I'm very sorry, but I heard you had a niece."
Shinkawa: "That is what I just said."
Taichi: "Her age?"
Shinkawa: "One below mine."
Taichi: "Got a picture?"
Shinkawa: "......Kurosu?"
Taichi: "Aaah, never mind, it's nothing. Please forget it."
Taichi: "However, if that one point was different, wouldn't she be cute?"
Shinkawa: "Mmmm, well, her looks are..."
Taichi: "Aren't looks everything?"
My voice naturally lowered.
A certain kind of jealousy and envy......and malice.
Shinkawa: "Ha?"
Taichi: "No, don't worry about it."
Shinkawa: "......still, she's kinda boyish."
Shinkawa: "I should tell you, I have no such emotions for her. Being looked at with those eyes is just kinda disgusting."
Taichi: "Liessss!!"
Shinkawa: "Wa! What just happened?"
Taichi: "That's a lie!! You're a liar! You've got a cute younger relative. There's no way you wouldn't be conscious of it! Haven't you read a single volume of French Study!? It's impossible! Incomprehensible! Thus it has been proven that you are a liar!"
Shinkawa: "Kurosu......I do pity you, but I'm being serious."
Taichi: "No! I don't want to hear it!"
Shinkawa: "She's really more like a little sister, since we live together."
Cohabitation!!?
The same bed!!?
The warmth of the other gender!!?!?
Taichi: "...hey, the will of some extraordinary being is intervening in that location."
Shinkawa: "......you're making yet another convenient misinterpretation."
Shinkawa: "I was taken in by her household."
Shinkawa: "That's why we're like siblings."
Shinkawa: "So I came here and moved in together with them. My legs might be like this, but she's also a little..."
Taichi: "Aaah......"
So that's what it was.
I agreed at once.
So now they go to Gunjou...
Taichi: "Oh, in that case, didn't you transfer here in order to hang out with your niece-chan?"
Shinkawa: "I guess so. Well, I'm handicapped too."
Shinkawa: "And don't call her 'niece-chan'......"
Taichi: "You're a caring onii-chan."
Shinkawa: "Umm, we seem to have gotten caught up in discussing my niece..."
Taichi: "That's the nature of concentrated envy."
Shinkawa: "Is that so? We've been living together forever, so I've seen her under various biological effects, and then there's that..."
Taichi: "That?"
Shinkawa: "Her appearance is pretty good, but she's got this bad habit of eating with her mouth open, so it's hard to think of her as something beautiful, you know?"
Shinkawa: "You eat what you eat, and expel what---"
Taichi: "Ah, you can stop there. My dreams are precious."
Shinkawa: "......your dreams?"
Taichi: "I'd love to change places with you and get all affectionate with your niece-chan."
Shinkawa: "Uwaa, don't make me imagine that; it's disgusting."
Taichi: "It'll never be reality......"
This person really finds it disgusting.
Long live erotic novels.
Taichi: "Then come visit me sometime."
Shinkawa: "Oooh, I'll introduce you to her."
Taichi: "Seriously?"
I was fluttering.
Shinkawa: "......it's no big deal, but......don't get your hopes up, okay?"
It's no big deal.
It will later become clear that the eyes of the guy who said that were knotholes on par with the Taepodong.
Taichi: "......still..."
It's a manuscript.
If that got rejected, how am I supposed to write another?
My hand didn't move.
My pen didn't run.
Standstill.
Taichi: "Uuumumumu."
That's right.
I pulled a kinagashi out of my dresser and changed into it.
Taichi: "......a great writer is born."
One's mood is important.
When doing something like this.
Tomoki: "Heeey!"
I heard a voice from the front door.
Taichi: "Something up?"
Tomoki: "Uwa......Taichi?"
Tomoki seemed to be shocked at the sudden appearance of the kimono man.
Tomoki: "What a face......"
Taichi: "Leave it."
Tomoki: "I made a mistake. But that outfit......"
Taichi: "Are you sure you were mistaken?"
Tomoki: "That's a Japanese kimono, isn't it?"
Taichi: "It's also a Japanese priest's outfit."
Tomoki: "A priest......amazing."
Tomoki: "Do you always wear that?"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Of course."
Tomoki: "Amazing."
It seems Tomoki respects me all the more now.
Though this is only the second time I've worn it.
Taichi: "So, what's with the late night visit?"
Tomoki: "Well......the reason is right here......this is Taichi's share."
A cardboard box.
I accepted it.
Taichi: "This is heavy."
Tomoki: "It's been filled up."
Taichi: "The inside......it's too dark to see properly."
Tomoki: "A gift from the club. Since it's summer, keeping all this in the club room will just make it rot."
Taichi: "Some kind of food?"
Tomoki: "Yes."
Taichi: "Thank you."
Tomoki: "No, don't mention it."
Tomoki: "Besides, friendship asks for---"
Taichi: "Nothing at all."
Gu!
We laughed invincibly with our thumbs up.
Taichi: "Kurosu Taichi is a pure young boy supporting Shima Tomoki."
Tomoki: "No, no..."
Tomoki: "Ah, that's right."
His face tightened.
Tomoki: "Kirihara...she collapsed."
Taichi: "......say what?"
Tomoki: "More accurately, she'd been collapsing."
Taichi: "But she's a user of the Harakiri Fist...defeating even my karade should be simple."
Tomoki: "Not defeated, collapsed. And I have no idea what 'karade' is."
Tomoki: "About that......Sakuraba's looking after her right now, but he's obviously not that good at it, so......I was wondering if you could get Hasekura-sempai to watch over her."
Taichi: "Aah, no problem."
Tomoki: "Can you ask her right away?"
Taichi: "Yeah. In that case, I'll be heading out for a bit."
I put my sandals on and went to her house.
When I came back, Tomoki was still there.
Taichi: "She said sure. She's already on her way."
Tomoki: "......so fast..."
Tomoki: "She really listens to what you have to say, Taichi."
Taichi: "Because if she didn't, a lot of errors would occur."
Tomoki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Anyway, would you like to come upstairs and play some PC-98 games?"
Not that I have any.
Taichi: "Since you were in charge of disk swaps."
Tomoki: "What's a PC-98? Some kind of Wind**s?"
Taichi: "Please say that's a lie, my friend."
Tomoki: "......I have failed to understand you."
Tomoki's gags were all like this.
Taichi: "You really don't know the PC-98?"
Despite being a computer nerd.
Tomoki: "At the very least, I've never heard of it before."
Taichi: "......I guess that makes sense......no, I wasn't in that generation either, but......"
Taichi: "Anyway, Tomoki, that comment's going to make you enemies with all the old computer nerds born since the fortieth year of Shouwa."
Tomoki: "Well......that doesn't scare me at all......"
Tomoki: "Besides, I'm not going to watch out for each and every one of the primitive men who match one-hundred percent to the archetype of an old man born in an era as old as Shouwa."
Taichi: "---!?"
My fear was aroused.
Taichi: "You can't say things like that---!!"
Tomoki: "Why not?"
Tomoki had yet to know fear.
Taichi: "Th-that's what they call youth, right? Right? Hopeless youth really is scary, Tomoki."
Tomoki: "What I mean is......why can't we just let the old guys stick to their old guy communities spiraling into eternal conversations about Gun**m and the like?"
Taichi: "Hiiiiiiiiiiiii!!?"
My lifespan shrunk.
I returned to my room and turned on the lights.
A lot had happened, and I was tired.
Taichi: "It's still hot..."
I need to get my AC repaired soon.
There's another AC in the living room downstairs, but for some reason I can't relax down there.
Taichi: "Maybe I should take a bath."
I did take a bath.
Taichi: "Nnna?"
The bath felt so good that my consciousness had been going to the other side, then the doorbell called me back.
Taichi: "Crap."
I got out in a hurry and wiped my body.
I put on my kimono and went for the door.
Taichi: "Yes-yeees."
Taichi: "Who might you be?"
Yuusa: "Uh, umm, I'm Doujima."
Taichi: "That cute voice hiding underneath a gangster-like surname......Yuusa-chan? It's open, come in."
The door opened timidly, and a pretty girl was standing there.
Yuusa: "Good eveni......ng."
Her eyes opened wide.
Her formerly black pupils now reflected my form.
Taichi: "Good evening."
Yuusa: "That's a...kimono."
Taichi: "Oh, this thing? Surprised?"
Yuusa: "It did surprise me......"
Taichi: "I like priests."
Yuusa: "Haa."
Taichi: "That and it's comfortable."
Yuusa: "Umm...it suits you."
Taichi: "Really?"
Yuusa: "That is, since your hair happens to be white......it matches that color."
Taichi: "Maybe so, but black hair is best for kimonos."
I gave a wry smile.
Taichi: "I think someone like Yuusa-chan would be better suited to one."
Yuusa: "Th-that's......hic!"
At the moment her voice rose up, she hiccuped.
Yuusa: "Hic......hic......hic."
Taichi: "Arara."
Yuusa: "Hic......I'm sorry, hic......"
Taichi: "It doesn't seem to be stopping."
From what I've heard, I just have to surprise her.
If this was Kirihara, then I'd just open up the front of my kimono without hesitation.
But to surprise this girl......
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Taichi: "Yuusa-chan, look this way."
Yuusa: "Hic?"
I closed in on the pretty girl's face that looked up at me.
I approached within five centimeters, and whispered,
Taichi: "Let's get married."
Yuusa: "------!!??"
Yuusa-chan froze.
For a whole minute, she didn't budge.
Her hiccups stopped.
Yuusa: "Uh, umm, that was...?"
Taichi: "Well, it just came out."
Yuusa: "Umm, just now?"
Taichi: "Make yourself at home."
Yuusa: "......just now, what exactly happened......?"
I sat her down and served her wheat tea.
Yuusa: "Where are your parents?"
Taichi: "I don't think they'll be coming home tonight."
Yuusa: "Eh!?"
Her expression became complex.
Undoubtedly, she was imagining complex circumstances.
Though they actually are rather complex.
Taichi: "They always stay at company hotels when they're this busy with work."
Yuusa: "Aaah, I see......"
Taichi: "So, what exciting news have you brought for me today?"
Yuusa: "That tone sounds like a character in a foreign novel."
Yuusa: "Umm, today's my birthday."
Taichi: "Oooh? It was today?"
I didn't know that.
Taichi-kun, careless.
Yuusa: "About that, this is......my birthday present."
As I unconsciously accepted the thing covered in wrapping paper, the inside of my head filled with 『?』s.
Taichi: "Ummm......anyway, thanks. But, why?"
A birthday present?
Yuusa: "It's thanks for always looking after me."
I've definitely been looking after something good then.
Or maybe, she's trying to make me like her. Tentatively.
I thought that I could mitigate the minus of my appearance by kindly interacting with her throughout her childhood.
My plan for a 『Grand investigation into whether Hikaru Genji was ever really satisfied』 had now gathered enough data to make a favorable judgment.
I finally noticed something that I hadn't thought much of after I'd succeeded at it.
Yuusa: "Also, I thought the exchange diary was due tomorrow, so......"
She twiddled her fingers strenuously in her lap to try and calm down.
She looked down, and the part of her neck I could see was perfectly red.
Her heart seemed full to the brim with something.
Taichi: "Moe..."
Yuusa: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Aah, I've been writing in it. I'll go get it."
Yuusa: "O-okay."
I went upstairs.
Her diary, and...
I looked around the room.
For something I could give to Yuusa-chan.
It'd be nice if I had some stuffed animals here, but my room had no history with fairy tales or the like.
Fairy tales...
Only sensual.
Taichi: "Not good, not good-"
I tried thinking about what I'd want if it was me.
Yuusa-chan's raw panties.
My hands naturally untied her obi, and while maintaining rationality with an iron will, they peeled off even more.
What would I do if I blew away this thing I'd been building up for so long to the horizon in an instant?
Taichi: "Not good..."
Something fitting for a birthday. Isn't there anything?
Taichi: "Ah."
Would this really...?
No, it's just not suited for her character.
I can't let her become aware of my real interests.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Would this have shock value?
Might it work?
Taichi: "Hhhhmmmmmm."
From the first floor,
Yuusa: "Ummm, Taichi-saaan, I'm going to have to go home soon..."
Taichi: "Nuuu."
There's no time to hesitate.
I found and repackaged the box and manual, then stuck it into a paper bag.
Taichi: "Sorry for keeping you waiting."
Yuusa: "Ah......"
Her face turned to the color of relief.
Taichi: "So here's your exchange diary, and on top of that, a birthday present from me."
Yuusa: "............"
This girl is always at a loss for words when she's surprised.
I guess I'll explain the present later.
Taichi: "Now then, why don't I walk you back home?"
Yuusa: "........................!!!?"
She was at an even worse loss for words than before.
Taichi: "It's already nighttime, so there are quite a few dangerous people out there."
Especially in this town.
Taichi: "Shall we go?"
Yuusa: "Y-yes!"
We walked down the night road together.
Yuusa-chan's stride was short, so time flowed by without a care.
Taichi: "That's right, tell your okaa-san I'm grateful for all the food."
Yuusa: "My mom?"
Taichi: "She's always preparing banquets for me."
Yuusa: "......well, that's true."
Taichi: "Have you gotten used to school?"
Yuusa: "You always ask that question, don't you, Taichi-san?"
Taichi: "Hmm, do I?"
Now that you mention it, I do.
Taichi: "It's like a ritual phrase. It's a cushion for the conversation."
Taichi: "Still, you've grown up, Yuusa-chan."
Yuusa: "Ta-Taichi-san, how would you know what I was like as a child......?"
Taichi: "I might say the same thing to you in the years that follow."
Yuusa: "Taha, you've already been saying it."
Taichi: "Still, I think you've grown since the first time I met you. At least from my perspective."
Taichi: "Although one part's still undeveloped♪"
Yuusa: "......huh?"
Taichi: "Take good care of yourself. Physically."
Though that's impossible.
Yuusa: "Eh!? Ea!?"
Yuusa: "That's too hard for me to really understand, but......okay."
Yuusa: "If Taichi-san says so, I'll give it my all."
She squeezed both hands into fists.
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Yuusa: "Umm, I'm sorry for making you walk me home."
Taichi: "It's a natural thing for I, a young adult who's tasted both the sweets and sours of life."
I proclaimed while holding up my index finger.
Yuusa: "It's training."
Taichi: "Ha-ha-ha."
Is she misreading her obligations in this situation?
So cuuuteee...
Taichi: "I would love to assault a girl like you in my bedroom at night."
Yuusa: "Your bedroom at night?"
Taichi: "Ha-ha-ha, well, forget it, forget it."
Yuusa: "I'd thought getting walked home like this was the sort of thing which only happens in novels."
Taichi: "Really?"
Come to think of it, this girl liked the Co**lt novels.
Yuusa: "I'm a bit surprised."
Taichi: "I did just say it, but it's a natural thing."
Taichi: "Because there's a group in this world which prevents any combination of the big and the small."
Taichi: "They're a pitiful bunch."
Both big and small have their good points.
My philosophy is that, ultimately, either one's fine.
Yuusa: "......"
Her face said 'Sempai really does talk about difficult things, since he's an adult.'
Something was stimulated.
Taichi: "But 『I』 do not want to become a man with nothing but a long shooting range."
*Rough translation......'That's not to say I'm only into younger women.'
Taichi: "I want to become a human who looks far ahead into the distance while still paying attention to their feet."
*Rough translation......'It'd be nice if 『little girls』 spoilt by their elders could also be loved.'
Taichi: "The enlightenment I have for the microists might be called a kind of rags to riches story."
*Rough translation......'I want to talk to the diehard lolicons and show them the error of their ways.'
Taichi: "There's certainly something fresh about a flat board. I'll admit that. But not all is told through that alone. Whether few or many, people are confronted with problems of mass and shape.
"Whether from lack of life experience, or childhood traumas......the failure of wishing to revolve them all back to nothing out of fear is something I can only see as running away from the problem."
*Rough translation......'They're definitely flat (the rest has been omitted)'
Taichi: "Through a concrete set of values, the many and varied things that 『are』 can be classified within a number of models.
"『Bowl-form』, 『Rocket-form』 and such on top of the list, then 『Tsurigane-form』, 『Drooping-form』, 『Blood-form』, many more like that. With viewpoints penetrating subtler matters, things like 『Spearhead collapse-form』 can be reported on......"
I looked down at Yuusa-chan to find that she was writing all this down.
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaa! No! You can't--!!!"
Yuusa: "Eh? What's wrong!?"
Taichi: "You can't record that!"
Yuusa: "Well, it was pretty hard, so I thought I'd try and figure it out later..."
What did she say!?
If she went and researched those dangerous words on the internet...!!
Taichi: "It's coming! Take cover!"
I pulled her close and hid in the shadow of a telephone pole.
Yuusa: "Wh-what!!?"
Taichi: "Stay quiet. This is a battlefield."
Yuusa: "This place, which looks like nothing but a peaceful Japanese street, is a battlefield!!?"
Taichi: "Yes. And I just felt a hostile soldier's presence."
Yuusa: "A soldier!?"
Taichi: "Maybe the CIA, or the KGB, there's even the possibility he's from the N*K."
Taichi: "They're all intelligence networks with extreme military power."
Taichi: "That last group in particular is so utterly heinous, they've been known to employ guerilla tactics to raid private residences and forcefully rob them of their cash."
Yuusa: "Hieee."
Taichi: "......he's gone. Okay, it should be fine now."
We returned to the road.
The salaryman we'd happened to pass by on his way home looked at us with a dubious face.
We could make out the sounds of late-night sports broadcasts from various directions on that pastoral night road.
Taichi: "I'm sorry. For those reasons, the content of our conversation is classified information. Recording it would put your pure body in danger."
Yuusa: "Wh-what?"
Taichi: "I'm sorry, but would you mind destroying the pertinent entries?"
Yuusa: "Uh, yeah, I'll erase them, I'm sorry!"
With the eraser on the back of her pencil, she rubbed the face of the paper back to default status.
Aah, she'd taken out and used that unstained eraser for this......
Taichi: "My apologies."
Yuusa: "It's all right. I was at fault."
My chest hurt.
Or perhaps, I hurt.
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
This morning, club activities on the roof are proceeding vigorously.
Taichi: "Hey youuuuu!!!"
Misato: "Y-yes!!?"
One yell from me, and from the top of the ladder, Sempai...
*fump*
...fell off.
Misato: "Owwwww."
Taichi: "The silent pheasant remains unshot."
Misato: "I...I'm not a pheasant..."
Taichi: "Hey, Miss injured person. Why was it now?"
The meaning doesn't matter at all. This is about sensibility.
Misato: "Uuu."
Taichi: "And while I wasn't around as well..."
Misato: "I...I wasn't sneaking in or anything......I just couldn't stop worrying about it, and I woke up at five this morning."
Using this excuse, Sempai explained herself with copious body language.
Taichi: "......you're a traitor."
Misato: "No, no I'm not!"
Taichi: "Aaaah, Misato-sempai, you're heartless..."
Misato: "Aaah, that's why......"
Misato: "Okay, it's my loss. I'm sorry."
Both of her hands rose up.
Taichi: "Seven-fifty AM: caught a criminal in the act."
Misato: "Oookay♪"
She held out both hands.
And on those wrists,
*click*
Misato: "......eh?"
Ah, crap......I just...
Misato: "What...is this?"
Taichi: "Handcuffs......"
Misato: "A toy, right?"
Taichi: "They're real......"
Silence.
Misato: "Wh-wwwwhy are you carrying real ones around?"
Taichi: "Th-tttthe kouban was empty and some handcuffs had been left outside, so I picked them up on my way here......"
Misato: "What the......hehe, well, you are hopeless♪"
She was fuming.
Taichi: "Ahaha, I'm sooorry."
Two laughs.
Misato: "The key is?"
Taichi: "Aaah, the key......yeah......the key is...I wonder wheeere?"
Our smiles froze.
Misato: "Hmmm."
Misato: "Ahahaaa."
She laughed.
Misato: "I'm sorry, Peke-kun. I thought I just heard you say 'I wonder where the key is?'..."
Taichi: "Because that's what I just said."
She became expressionless.
Misato: "You are now in a position where you'll have no right to complain even if I become violent."
Taichi: "Th-that's okay for certain reasons!"
I was attacked.
Taichi: "Ugya!"
Misato: "Why......are you so careless......"
Taichi: "Umm, it's a conditional reflex......"
Misato: "But this won't come off without a key, now will it?"
Taichi: "Well......well......shouldn't we just look for the key?"
Misato: "......might it be in that kouban?"
Taichi: "Of course. I'll look for it on my way home today."
Misato: "You'll go this instant. Right?"
*grind* *grind* *grind*......
Taichi: "Yesss......right away."
With the W Iron Claw presently active, I had no room to answer otherwise.
Taichi: "But please stay where you are until I come back."
Misato: "But I can't even change clothes like this."
Taichi: "For now, why don't you go into a classroom?"
Misato: "I guess so......"
We both entered the building.
Misato: "It'd be nice if no one finds us......"
Taichi: "Why's that?"
Misato: "Doesn't it look like I'm being escorted to prison?"
Taichi: "Since you ask, it looks more like some kind of 'play.'"
Misato: "Pu-re-i?"
Taichi: "Sempai's classroom was on the third floor, right?"
Misato: "Ah, there it is."
Miki came over from there.
Miki: "'Ello!"
Misato: "!!?"
Sempai frantically tried to hide her wrists, but failed.
The towel covering her wrists slid right off.
She should've just stayed still.
Miki: "......"
Miki: "......she...she's being arrested......"
Misato: "No I'm not, this is a prank."
Miki: "......"
Miki: "Umm, Sempai?"
She raised her hand.
Taichi: "What is it, Inspector Yamanobe?"
Miki: "Sir! The health room appears to be open today!"
She saluted while introducing us to a good location for 'play.'
Uuu, she's so nice......
Misato: "?"
The innocent Sempai did not understand.
Taichi: "Well, thank you. What about yourself?" 
Miki: "Ah, I think I'd like to remain a virgin a bit longer, so..."
Taichi: "That's a shame. Bye."
Miki: "Your work is much appreciated."
She bowed her head and saw us off.
Misato: "I didn't understand that conversation very well."
Taichi: "It'd be amazing if you had understood it."
Misato: "???"
Taichi: "Now,"
The train station.
And quite a run-down one at that.
But the lack of litter was some consolation.
The kouban......is very close to here.
An 'On Patrol' sign had been hung up, and no one was in there.
I found the key quickly.
I wonder if this counts as theft.
Of course it does.
And of police property.
The final crime of the misdemeanor king, Arsene Taichi.
Taichi: "Got it."
I'd better get back soon.
No one goes past the station.
This station is nothing but a connection between the city and the residential district to begin with, so it's never that busy.
This open region of inorganic asphalt was hot enough to create small shimmers in the air.
It was as if no cars were to be seen.
Seems kind redundant to me; either it was as if there were no cars, or there were no cars to be seen.
So I walked down the center of the road.
Taichi: "......"
There's no one to assign the blame.
Why is that?
Think about a world like this:
No matter what crime you stain your hands with, no one will ever blame anyone, and you'll never have to be blamed.
A lawless world.
But I'm the only one here right now.
In a world with just me, what kind of crimes are there?
None.
Without points of connection between people, the majority of sins evaporate and lose meaning.
Idealistic.
You could call it an ideal society.
To be alone. To throw away the masses.
What abilities are needed for that?
Or is a suitable mental construct what's needed?
Humans have many and varied desires.
They continue to exist even in different dimensions from such wants like 'I want to drink water.'
What is desire?
A desire for success.
A desire for knowledge.
A desire to create.
A desire to conquer.
Those are things with values decided either by others or by comparing oneself with others.
Desire might just be a manifestation of wanting the consent of others.
I want to have more wealth than other people.
I want to have more knowledge than other people.
I want to succeed more than other people.
The prerequisite of others.
The root of desire lies in attaining that which many people acknowledge as valuable.
One of the clearer forms of that is currency.
Even without an intended use for it, people will crave it.
When humans live together with desire, their world is already being colored by the thoughts and values of others, and their characters thereby take shape.
But if one were alone?
How would his desires modify?
No, the moment others disappeared, desires would lose that definition and become wants.
A race with no rival doesn't constitute a competition, and thus high running speeds are no longer sought after.
How many people are there in a world with only themselves, and who therefore are true intellectuals?
Can they continue to create art without any viewers?
Who are they to overcome?
Yes.
When alone, people change.
They can't not change.
The burdens of emotions that force them upward would no longer be minuses.
If the world became one where sins weren't sins...
I felt something like a revelation, telling me my 『eyes』 were for that purpose.
I turned around.
Taichi: "......how long do you intend to follow me?"
My voice traveled far in this unpopulated space.
Taichi: "Don't you have other things to do?"
I waited.
But there was no answer.
Taichi: "Do something."
I spat out those words and set off toward school.
I can't preoccupy myself with every little thing.
The fearsome presence continued to tail me.
I'm thankful she's worrying about me.
But, still.
Taichi: "Because my hair is white, I'll never get sunstroke!!!"
This might be something like getting irritated with one's mother.
It had a certain freshness, but it was thoroughly annoying.
I went as far as the school walls before exhaling from relief.
Because the presence had disappeared.
Taichi: "......that was sooo annoying."
Even though it happens all the time, I got goosebumps.
From that dense existence.
Taichi: "Are you a demon?"
She might be near.
It's a pain to be loved by such a thing.
*growlllllllll*
My stomach bug.
Like a beast.
Maybe I should call it my stomach beast.
Taichi: "I smell food......"
My feet spun toward the cafeteria.
Taichi: "Oooh, I'm inhaling the smell..."
There were very few guards around.
There are usually ten of them standing here, but today there were only two.
We must be having a lot of absences at the moment because everyone's having mental problems due to the heat.
Which was why the cafeteria was so nice and quiet.
Thanks to that I could easily get the highly sought-after menus.
No......if I used a certain connection of mine, I could get them easily anyway.
But that must not be used.
My forbidden secret tactic.
It's a double-edged sword.
Aaah, but Yuusa-chan's really cute.
I bought a ticket for the B meal and waited at the counter.
Voice: "Oh, you! What're you doing here!?" (98 Phon)
Taichi: "Dowaaaa!!?"
It's here!
Voice: "Say hello now, huhuhu."
That woman laughed with a muffled voice resembling an abnormally huge leader of a group of bandits one might find drinking sake in the depths of a cave in a fantasy game. (Sometimes he's larger than the cave entrance. What's with that?)
I was afraid.
Taichi: "Don't scare me, oba-chan. I'm a delicate writer."
Oba-chan: "You think you're a writer? Don't talk in your sleep!" (118 Phon)
Her angry voice traversed the cafeteria with a bang.
The reinforced glass was shaking (not possible).
I watched with absurd interest.
Taichi: "......you're loud, oba-chan."
Oba-chan: "I'm just talking normally. The kids here are just weak!" (94 Phon)
Oba-chan: "You take it easy yourself!" (115 Phon)
Taichi: "!?"
Sensing danger, I took a step back.
A giant deformed hand passed in front of my eyes with a roar.
Taichi: (Just now...) (Skinship?) (If I'd been hit......) (Death!?)
I accidentally used the method of thought depiction from Tsutsui ****taka's Nanase Series.
I can't explain it, but I feel like there's a connection to Nanase (no there isn't).
Oba-chan: "You really are persistent, aren't you!? Huhuhu."
Oba-chan: "You want some food at least, right?"
Taichi: "Ye...yesh."
I held out my meal ticket, feeling like I was giving candy to a lion.
Oba-chan: "Since you're looking after Yuusa, I'll give you something special."
Taichi: "Hahaha, thanks, hahaha."
Yes.
This very person was being allowed to exist as the mother of the ultimate pretty girl Yuusa-chan.
So in a few decades Yuusa's going to---
Mommy: "What's wrong? You look faint."
Taichi: "Sorry, yeah, I was feeling dizzy."
Mommy: "We can't have that now. You need more flesh and blood."
Hahaue-sama made her decision.
Mommy: "Here you go, an S meal."
Taichi: "There's an S?"
Mommy: "I made it just for you!" (118 Phon)
Spoken in a loud voice echoing throughout the cafeteria.
*whisper* *whisper*......
I'm being whispered about.
Taichi: "......I'm very grateful Hahaue-sama, but......"
Mommy: "Oh? Hahaue-sama? Now that's nice to hear!"
My food doubled in height.
Mommy: "Hey, you, how's it with my daughter?"
Taichi: "Ha? How am I supposed to answer that?"
Mommy: "Aren't you winning her over!?"
Taichi: *cough* *cough!*
Mommy: "A son-in-law...that'd be nice. Huhuhu."
Taichi: "Son-in-law!?"
And even more food!!?
Taichi: "Ah, sorry, this is enough, Hahaue-sama!"
Mommy: "No problem, don't worry about it!"
She added a second plate of pork cutlet.
This is......a bribe! Is it a buyoff?
*whisper*......
Taichi: "Awawawawa."
Rumors are spreading!
Right now everyone's spreading incredible rumors about me!
Mommy: "You must have a lot going on, so don't sweat the hard stuff."
Mommy: "Leave it all to me."
The miso soup which should have nothing but seaweed in it, for some reason, had whole crabs thrown in.
Nab TL note for japanese reference: validated.
*whisper* *whisper* *whisper* *whisper*......
Voice: "......accepting a bribe......"
Voice: "Golden parachute......"
Voice: "......insider trading..."
Voice: "Something unlawful......"
Voice: "......the person concerned with a question of worship......"
Taichi: "Uguu!"
Bad.
This matter is beneath the dignity of Kurosu Taichi.
Now I had four plates of pork cutlet.
Taichi: "That's too many!"
Mommy: "Nn? What? You're a boy. Can't you eat at least this much!?"
She slammed down on my shoulders with arms like those of a crown-of-thorns starfish devouring Okinawan coral.
The doubling of dead weight pushed me into the floor.
Taichi: "Guwaaaaa!"
I fell to my knees.
Mommy: "Ah, you failed! Hehaha! So you do need to eat more. Fatten up!"
Taichi: "Uuu."
Yuusa-chan......if you don't leave home soon, you'll be fattened.
Holding over five times the provisions of a common man, I sat down in an appropriate place.
Tomoki: "I see you've got powerful connections as always."
Tomoki, holding a tray with the C lunch, sat down beside me.
Taichi: "Is that you, Tomoki-sensei?"
Tomoki: "I'd like to borrow some of that luck."
Taichi: "Please do borrow it."
Tomoki: "Are you sure?"
Taichi: "I can't eat this much."
Tomoki: "Then I won't hold back."
He took the pork cutlets.
Tomoki: "I was eating bread with Sakuraba just now, but it wasn't filling enough."
Taichi: "He was in sports clubs, after all."
Tomoki: "But he's not even doing strength training anymore."
Taichi: "Just having muscles consumes fat. That's why muscular guys have bad mileage."
Tomoki: "Ehh? Then it's better to not have muscles?"
Taichi: "Of course not. They keep your figure from gaining extra fat. It's better to just do strength training in moderation."
Tomoki: "I see."
Taichi: "Is Sakuraba still having curry bread?"
Tomoki: "He was on his seventh when I left."
Taichi: "Wow."
Tomoki: "He says the stuff they get here is his favorite curry bread."
Taichi: "Stupid tongue of his."
Tomoki: "It is a stupid tongue."
We ate.
Taichi: "Dammit, we eat and we eat and it won't get any smaller!"
Tomoki: "......should I take it off your hands?"
Taichi: "Please do."
Tomoki: "Hey, there are crabs in your miso!"
Taichi: "......there are."
Tomoki: "What are your connections......?"
Taichi: "The world's strongest submission, a trout hold (son-in-law engagement)."
Tomoki: "You're referring to that oba-chan's daughter?"
Taichi: "Yep."
Tomoki: "I wonder if she looks like her mother."
Taichi: "No, she's an amazingly cute girl with glasses. And she's attached to me. She'll believe anything I say."
Tomoki: "Then there's no problem."
Taichi: "No......"
Taichi: "I, who will likely ascend to an aggressive job of my own which will make me fit to hold a Swiss bank account, cannot be meowing after an honest girl."
Tomoki: "You're talking in your sleep."
Tomoki: "Ah, Taichi, how was your adaptation coefficient exam?"
Taichi: "Any way you look at it,"
I gulped down the self-served wheat tea.
Taichi: "Severely high. Unacceptable. My teacher's eyes went white when he saw it."
Tomoki: "How much?"
Taichi: "......eighty-four percent."
Tomoki: "Uwa, if only that was a percentile."
Taichi: "Exactly. Isn't that bad? I might become something horrible."
Tomoki: "You might get dissected for research purposes."
Taichi: "Have mercy."
I clung to his sleeve.
Tomoki: "Impossible......you're living in a different world from my seventeen percent."
Taichi: "What? Hey! Why's your number the same as a normal person's!?"
Tomoki: "......I had external obstacles, remember?" 
Taichi: "Ah, that's right......"
Taichi: "I'm so stupid. I'd been thinking of us as equals."
Tomoki: "You shouldn't be saying that."
Taichi: "Aaah, Raba's (Sakuraba's nickname) is pretty low as well."
Tomoki: "I think he was fifteen."
Taichi: "Weren't his obstacles internal? Why did he get sent to Gunjou with that number?"
Tomoki: "Well, it seems he wrote Gunjou down as his preferred school."
We looked at each other's faces.
Both of us: "Haaaa!!?"
Taichi: "......that makes no sense."
Tomoki: "......I know."
Taichi: "National exams are pretty half-assed."
Taichi: "Ah, on that note, you'd better make up with your onee-san."
Taichi: "You keep saying it's too hard and that you never get around to it."
Tomoki: "That's because Onee-cha......Aneki would betray me......"
Didn't this guy nearly say 『Onee-chan』 just now?
......whatever.
Taichi: "Miyasumi-sempai would?"
Tomoki and Mimi-sempai were siblings.
Though their surnames are different.
Tomoki: "What do you think of the argument that I had to 'help' because I was a 'computer nerd?'"
Taichi: "Come on..."
Taichi: "Does it even matter? You're practically in the Going Home Club anyway."
Tomoki: "Well......in any case, this place doesn't have a Basketball Club."
Taichi: "But you can't even run."
Tomoki: "Well..."
Taichi: "Give it up. It's nice not to have any annoying upperclassmen."
Tomoki: "I was hoping to read all the manga I wanted to when I got into the Going Home Club."
Tomoki: "Why do I have to get into a sports club and make up with Aneki after all this time?"
Taichi: "......your siscon is palpable."
Tomoki: "Did you say something?"
Taichi: "Nooo I diiiidn't."
All that aside, I'm helping out with the club now.
What do I do with this part?
Does it go here?
Or here?
Taichi: "......"
I'll put it here for now. This feels like the right spot.
Misato: "You can tell where it goes?"
Taichi: "Well, somehow."
Sempai was holding the stepladder below me.
Misato: "It's encouraging to have a boy here."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "Anytime you are in need, I shall......"
Come to think of it,
Doesn't she have a brother?
Taichi: "......umm, are you fighting with Tomoki?"
Sempai's face became overcast.
Misato: "Aaah, well......"
Misato: "There's a bit of a cold war."
Taichi: "So even Tomoki gets in fights."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "That guy doesn't get seriously mad all that often."
It seemed Sempai received a shock from those words.
Misato: "......it might be perfectly natural."
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "He's got this, 'Dammit, life is hard!' kind of feeling."
I didn't understand that.
Tomoki: 『......you'll be betrayed.』
Taichi: "Umm, was there some kind of betrayal?"
Her eyebrows narrowed.
Misato: "Did Tomoki say that?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......nooo, nooo."
Sempai looked like she was about to cry, and she was moaning, 'nooo, nooo.'
Taichi: "Ummmm?"
Misato: "What did you say!!?"
She jostled the stepladder back and forth.
Taichi: "Wawawa!!?"
Misato: "Nothing will come of that!!!"
Taichi: "I'm going to fall!!!"
It was a harsh club.
Nanaka: "Ya-hoo, Tai--chaaan!"
Taichi: "Huh?"
It's the mysterious bicycle girl.
Taichi: "It's the mysterious bicycle girl."
I said what I was thinking.
Nanaka: "Try not to verbalize your thoughts."
She saw right through me.
Taichi: "This girl's suspicious. Her origins are unknown. I've never seen that uniform."
Nanaka: "......don't use reopened thoughts as pretexts for words."
Taichi: "I wonder if Nanaka is her real name."
Nanaka: "......you're annoying. Don't get gloomy over the small things."
Taichi: "What school do you go to?"
Nanaka: "Shii-ker-et."
Taichi: "Ah, I see."
I ignored her and walked on.
Nanaka: "Oh, hard-boiled, are we?"
Taichi: "We can talk while I'm walking."
Nanaka: "Well yah."
Taichi: "So, do you need something of me?"
Nanaka: "But of course I need something of you."
She stuck her finger out at me.
Nanaka: "Get that antenna built already!"
Taichi: "Haa?"
Taichi: "By antenna...you mean the one Misato-sempai's constructing?"
Nanaka: "Yes, that."
Nanaka: "At this rate it won't quite make it in time."
Taichi: "For what?"
Nanaka: "The deadline."
Taichi: "Which is?"
Nanaka: "Get with the program!"
Taichi: "Wh-what? What is it?"
She suddenly got mad at me.
Nanaka: "Isn't life precious because it only comes once?! If you always go with the flow and waste all your time, your very existence will end up adhering to fixed patterns!"
Nanaka: "That's the very nature of possibility! Doesn't Win**ws sometimes repeat the same errors even though you reset it after a crash!? And now---"
She took a deep breath and closed her mouth.
Taichi: "......are you neurotic?"
Nanaka: "What a thing for you to say after capturing this cutie!"
That stung.
Taichi: "Uofuu!"
She slapped my face.
I spun at high speed, crookedly flying upward, and collided with the ground in a horizontal state.
NANACA CRASH!?!?!?
Taichi: "......oo......ofu......obu......"
I had no idea this girl could manifest comic force.
*comic force = A suprascientific theory of Taichian science combining scalar electromagnetism, the astrophysical theory of aether, flying machines and so on. It simultaneously accelerates and mitigates various physical phenomena.
As a result, manga-like effects unthinkable in classical physics may manifest. Statistically, it occurs often in prideful and youthful personalities, and functions to maintain that characterization.
Nanaka: "Ah......sorry......"
Taichi: "Amazing force......you could conquer all the land......"
Nanaka: "Don't say such sarcasm to a girl!"
She helped me to my feet.
Taichi: "That, hurt a lot......"
Nanaka: "......I'm sorry."
Taichi: "When I said you could conquer all the land, I didn't mean simply by physical strength, but by character."
Nanaka: "?"
Taichi: "Thanks to your scientific force, I can live on even after suffering that impact."
Nanaka: "I don't really understand......"
Taichi: "But I ought to have spun out a bit farther up into the atmosphere... Well, on the other hand, I do think running to the extremes just to avoid the norms is pitifully impoverished, so that'd be overkill...
"The point being that eternally maintaining a superficial position on the path of kings will only set you up for a fall the moment you're controlled by self-sensationalism."
Nanaka: "You intend to hold a conversation with me like that?"
Taichi: "......I'm sorry."
Even I don't understand what all that meant.
Nanaka: "What a hopeless guy."
She sighed, half fed-up with me.
Nanaka: "Ah, there's blood on your cheeks."
Taichi: "Eh? Maybe a little got pushed out by the comic force."
Nanaka: "You're still calling it that?"
Taichi: "So my own blood is fine."
Nanaka: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Not you, blood's a weakness of mine..."
I can't explain the expression which recurred to Nanaka's face at that moment.
She seemed to be crying, and also laughing.
And yet it wasn't a simple tearful smile. Deep-rooted troubles were blended into it.
Nanaka: "......Taichi."
The voice flowing from her lips seemed to be becoming hoarse.
Her face approached mine.
Along with moistened eyes.
The actions of a human's conscious mind are truly great.
If I was a normal manga hero,
(Eh......?)
I'd be unable to predict any such occurrence, and at best be hesitating.
But as a real human, the stew of my mind easily predicted that there was no other conclusion than, 『I'm being kissed!?』
By the time Nanaka's face had closed to within five centimeters of mine, I'd already begun investigating ways to save face by saying, 『Indeed she made it look as such,』 after the kiss.
......actually, even though this thought process is more realistic, even an amateur writer like myself knew that the reason it's rarely employed in the world's stories is that it's too real to have any story-like affinity.
After all, stories are just pretending to be reality.
I nodded to that in my mind.
But, where's that kiss?
*lick*
Taichi: "......"
A kiss without passion or flavor.
Her act of sticking her tongue to my cheek and licking upward could be referred to as a kiss, but...
Nanaka: "It should heal fine with a bit of saliva."
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaa."
I punched my temporal lobe, and punched, and punched!!
Taichi: "The outcome of this familiar speculation turned to dust so fast! Damn you, damn you! This shame...!"
Nanaka: "By yourself, to yourself... huh!!?"
Taichi: "What is reality!? What is affinity!? What claim do I have to intelligence when it's been nationally verified that I'm subhuman!!?"
Nanaka: "C...calm down......"
Taichi: "I want to die."
Nanaka: "Hey, hey now."
Taichi: "I must be aware of the fact that what they call my only self is garbage."
Nanaka: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Toxic garbage."
Taichi: "There are many non-intellectuals at Gunjou."
Taichi: "I've always been afraid of hurting people."
Taichi: "After all, unintelligence is the inability to avoid danger."
Taichi: "Like a cat jumping in front of a car."
Taichi: "......I have to control myself, with meticulous care."
Taichi: "But,"
Taichi: "Every day is so much fun, I keep forgetting what I really am..."
Taichi: "I'm---"
Nanaka moved.
This time she truly pierced the void, not even giving me time to predict it.
Taichi: "Eh......?"
Nanaka: "If you can say it's fun, then isn't it okay?"
The ambiguous softness of breasts.
A girl's scent.
Mysteriously, I felt no disorder.
The sensation of being embraced was different from Youko-chan's.
Nanaka: "I'm happy to hear that. Very happy."
Taichi: "............"
Nanaka: "It's not like you have no right to live even if you don't become strong."
Nanaka: "It's fine to be weak."
Taichi: "Even if you say that......"
She knows.
She knows something?
Taichi: "You are?"
Nanaka: "Nanaka."
Taichi: "Nanaka......"
I don't know.
Along no axis of my past was that name recorded.
Then how does she know me?
Nanaka: "Have you calmed down?"
Taichi: "......yeah."
She let go of me.
Nanaka was grinning wide.
Taichi: "......you..."
Taichi: "Are you in love with me?"
Nanaka: "Idiot."
*chop*...
She chopped my forehead.
Nanaka: "That's not it at all."
After denying that, she tilted her head and continued to the apex of her words.
Nanaka: "......but, I guess so. Maybe I do love you."
Taichi: "Really?"
Nanaka: "Although it's not quite the kind of love you're thinking of."
Taichi: "What does that mean?"
Nanaka: "You...when you were young, I'm sure you were the type to play perverted pranks on your mother."
Taichi: "I did no such thing."
Nanaka: "I did too."
Nanaka: "But, those kinds of things, might make a mother pretty happy, you know?"
Taichi: "Perverted pranks would?"
Nanaka: "Yes."
Taichi: "But the shock of being petted by one's pre-pubescent son......no, I guess it might be moe."
Nanaka: "Chemically decompose! You toxic garbage!"
Taichi: "Uwaaan!"
Nanaka: "Now, I guess I'll be going."
Taichi: "Why not come to my place? We at least have lukewarm water."
Nanaka: "Nihihi, I don't want perverted things done to me so I'm gonna leave."
Taichi: "I'll do them, I will, if you come I will."
Nanaka: "Dangerous, dangerous."
She quickly mounted her bicycle.
I moved to her back and tried to look at her underwear.
Dark blue bloomers.
Taichi: "Damn."
......wait, bloomers?
The bloomers which were exterminated quite some time ago as solid blue sexual harassment gym clothing because of the feminist movement!?
Taichi: "Na...Nanaka-san......?"
I was trembling.
Just as the rumors say, that manner of sticking to the hips was a true rarity.
Nanaka: "Get busy with building up that antenna."
Taichi: "Ha? Antenna?"
How sudden.
Nanaka: "Because it's a possibility."
The chain made a slightly comforting sound as it spun.
The tires rubbed the asphalt, and the wheels began to roll.
Taichi: "......wha...what?"
I'm writing the manuscript.
Taichi: "Hi-hi-hi."
Taichi: "Hi-hi-hi-hi-hi!"
Taichi: "Hiii--hi-hi-hi-hi-hi!! (I'm crying)"
I can't get my thoughts together!
The tension is now the exact opposite of that first day when I was writing absentmindedly using only my talent.
Girl: "......Keiii-kuuunnn......"
Someone was calling me.
I peeked out the window.
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai?"
Misato: "Good eveniiing."
Taichi: "What's wrooong?"
Misato: "Where are you?"
Taichi: "I'm looking at you from the second floor window."
Misato: "It's too dark for me to see."
Taichi: "I can see you just fine."
Misato: "I wonder why that is..."
Taichi: "Dunno."
Misato: "Peke-kun must have great night vision."
Taichi: "Since I'm a wild animal, my senses are sharp."
Misato: "That's kind of cool."
She spoke while flapping her arms.
She's acting awfully young.
Taichi: "Anyway, please come in."
Misato: "Yeeesss."
Misato: "A, a candle♪"
Taichi: "The atmosphere is really important when writing, Ozeu-san." 
Misato: "I see..."
She promptly sat down in the seiza position.
Misato: "Were you studying up here?"
Taichi: "No, just working on the manuscript."
Misato: "Aaah."
Taichi: "So, with what purpose have you visited this house?"
Misato: "Ah, since you help me out so much, I thought I'd treat you to something."
She held up a wrapped object.
Misato: "Here's a bentou."
Taichi: "Sempai banzai."
Misato: "I made enough for two, so why don't we eat together?"
Taichi: "I'll get some drinks."
Taichi: "Delicious."
Taichi: "Sempai's good at this."
Misato: "Am I now? I only just started cooking recently......"
Taichi: "Well, I'm no gourmet or anything."
Misato: "Ah, saying it like that might be cruel......"
Taichi: "Aaah, it's delicious. Yes, delicious."
Taichi: "It's been cooked really well. Did you use an open fire?"
Misato: "Yes. Of course."
Taichi: "......somehow, it feels like it's been a while since I ate a bentou like this."
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "My......mother...isn't with us."
Misato: "Well......"
Taichi: "I think I miss her."
Misato: "Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Sempai."
Within the soft darkness, we looked at one another.
The candle's delicate flame shone a soft crimson light onto her cheek.
  -Approach her
  -Play it safe
Taichi: "Sempai......"
Misato: "Whaaat?"
Taichi: "From now on, would you make miso soup for me forever?"
For some reason I proposed to her.
Misato: "Eh!?"
Sempai became upset.
She leaned to one side, averting her eyes.
She brought her small fist up to her mouth as her thoughts carved wrinkles into her forehead.
Misato: "Peke-kun......I......"
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "I don't know how to make miso soup."
Taichi: "Lalihooo!"
I screamed out the window.
It was a textbook example of a stooge.
The same stooge from an old tl note about the double act
  -Approach her further
  -Play it safe
Taichi: "I understand, Sempai......then, in exchange..."
Misato: "Whaaat?"
Taichi: "Have you ever had sex?"
Misato: "Is this the right context for that!?"
Taichi: "I've been thinking it'd be nice to do it with Sempai."
Taichi: "Umm......on the day of the entrance ceremony, when sakura petals were in the air, I'd lost sight of all goals after my brother's death, but Sempai saved me with those few words..."
Misato: "You won't trick me! I won't be fooled by such an overemphasized momentary love aura!"
Misato: "Besides, you don't even have a brother!"
Taichi: "On that sunny summer day, I'd planned to quit baseball in order to avoid memories of him."
Misato: "No, no, the baseball part is wrong."
Misato: "But that aside, are you seriously thinking about sex?"
Taichi: "Well..."
Taichi: "I was just thinking, after the need for food comes the need for sex, right?"
Misato: "Lalihooo!"
Sempai screamed out the window.
Misato: "If you come any closer......I'll bite off my tongue and die."
Taichi: "Are...are you that opposed to it!?"
I might cry.
So it does come down to looks after all.
An unsightly white-haired boy won't be permitted the love given to normal humans.
But would you have sex with me if I begged you, Sempai?
I feel like I only need one more push.
  -Approach her
  -Play it safe
Misato: "An-anyway, let's all calm down a bit, okay?"
Taichi: "......impossible. No man can pull back after coming this far."
Misato: "Even if you say that..."
Taichi: "Back then,"
Misato: "......eh?"
Taichi: "During my first year, when I was all alone,"
Taichi: "You talked to me a lot on the roof."
Misato: "That's......because we saw each other a lot up there......"
Taichi: "Sempai, you saved me. You pulled me out of the darkness."
Taichi: "I wasn't really able to enter the Broadcasting Club, was I?"
Taichi: "Because my adaptation coefficient was too high......"
Taichi: "But, didn't you invite me anyway?"
Taichi: "And you pulled some strings so that I could truly enter the club."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "I know because I did some digging."
Misato: "That's because......I was alone in the club......and it didn't seem healthy......to participate in......an empty club...yan!"
Taichi: "Stop moving so I can take it off."
Misato: "Don't take it off!"
Taichi: "I will. Decisively."
Misato: "Ah......I said no......no!"
Taichi: "If you extend your hand to someone......there's a relationship there."
Taichi: "They'll be thankful, and bear you goodwill."
Taichi: "It's only natural that I......want to do it with Sempai."
Misato: "Bu-but I......ah......I'm telling you, no......"
Taichi: "Then......you'll reject me?"
Taichi: "You can just return me to my former darkness."
Taichi: "If you did that......even I wouldn't resist too strongly."
Taichi: "I won't think of making another connection again."
Misato: "......it's unfair......to say it that way......"
Taichi: "Yes, it is unfair."
Taichi: "I am......unfair."
I took off her suspenders.
I undid her buttons.
Misato: "No, no!"
I grabbed her hand.
Taichi: "Then......I'll just look."
Misato: "Just...look?"
Taichi: "I'll just look at Sempai's breasts."
Misato: "You know I can't let you do that......"
I kept undoing buttons.
One by one.
Taichi: "You touched me."
Misato: "......no......no......no......"
Taichi: "I'll look."
I opened her blouse.
Misato: "............nn."
I laid my fingers on top of her bra.
Misato: "No, noooo."
I gripped the cloth and softly pulled it up.
Whiteness burst forth.
Two spheres bounced.
Misato: "Uuuuuuu."
Taichi: "Beautiful."
That word came out naturally.
Taichi: "Aren't they beautiful?"
Well-formed, voluptuous and white.
So charming it hurt.
Misato: "......I've been told......it's over for me as a woman, if someone looks at them......"
Taichi: "Those were lies."
Taichi: "This isn't the end of anything."
Either way, after making her show me these, I can't hold back.
Misato: "Peke-kun......that's cruel......"
Taichi: "Yes, I am cruel."
Taichi: "You chose a terrible man to talk to."
Misato: "Th-this wasn't what I......such impure......acts......suspension......"
I touched her with both hands.
Misato: "Kya......nn......"
I slowly massaged her.
Misato: "Nn......nnnn......n......"
Taichi: "This sense of mass is amazing. And it feels great."
My fingers sunk into them.
Each of my five fingers was covered up.
Skin adhered to skin, calmly exchanging heat.
Misato: "......a......aaah......"
As I gripped lightly, they became fluffy and comfortable.
My fingertips became an erogenous zone, conveying the sensation.
My brain was stimulated via the spinal cord, and returning down the same path, it changed into a hazy burning around my hips.
My animal passions began to rouse.
I squeezed upward.
Becoming mad.
Misato: "Nn......nnnnnnn......fuku!......nn!......please don't squeeze so hard......"
No, I want to squeeze hard.
I wanted to squeeze them even harder.
Misato: "St-strong......that's too strong......ha, aan......nnnn......"
I pushed them together.
The valley closed up, forming a dark sexy line.
I pushed them even closer together.
Misato: "......yan......"
Her nipples were nearly touching.
Something men could never do.
My excitement grew.
Misato: "......nnn, nn......!......uun......"
Sempai's breathing was charming.
I pushed the palm of my hand down.
Her breasts squished flat. Yet they wouldn't flatten completely.
There was the sensation that something truly existed there.
Misato: "Don't squash theeeem......"
Then, I'll pull them.
While gripping them like an eagle.
Her flesh stretched.
Misato: "No, they'll tear, they're going to tear off......!"
Slightly worried, her hands shot up.
I kissed the back of her hand, then sucked on her finger.
Misato: "Ah......heyyy......"
Taichi: "They won't tear."
I smiled.
Misato: "......oooh......everything you say is so embarrassing......can't you be a bit more romantic......?"
I fondled forcefully.
Her breasts freely reshaped themselves in various directions.
Misato: "Uu......my breasts are......like toys......"
Taichi: "Isn't that a good thing? I'll take your breasts, Sempai."
Taichi: "So that I can touch them whenever I like."
Misato: "That's......"
Taichi: "I'll give Sempai something in exchange."
Misato: "?"
Taichi: "But that comes later."
I touched my lips to her cheek.
I bit down on the bridge of her glasses and took them off.
Misato: "Ah......no......don't take them off."
Taichi: "Why not?"
Misato: "I want to be able to see......"
That makes sense.
I left her glasses on.
Then I continued the massage, doing it in such a way that she could see everything.
Misato: "Uuuu......how long are you going to keep doing this...?"
Taichi: "Until I get tired of it."
Although I think that might never happen.
A captivating, dynamic pair of hills.
Because of them my flesh took on heat.
Taichi: "It's warm, isn't it?"
Misato: "........................"
Taichi: "Maybe the heat of my hands transferred to you, or perhaps Sempai's breasts are getting excited."
Misato: "My breasts are not that perverted."
Taichi: "But they are sweating a little at the tips."
Misato: "No......don't say that......I'll die......"
As she said, her breasts were trembling with shame.
A very small quantity of sweat lightly moistened the surface, giving them a nice luster.
I tried cupping my hands around them and shaking them.
The tips bounced without direction.
Like small boats being thrown around on the waves.
Misato: "......nooo......don't shake them......"
I really might keep playing with them forever.
But it'd be laughable to ejaculate just from fondling breasts.
Taichi: "Here I go."
Misato: "Eh? What?"
I whispered as my face approached her.
My mouth attached itself to her white chest.
Misato: "Ow!"
I used my teeth to push down on the entirety of her sensitive membranes.
Misato: "......nnn............nn......"
I sucked.
Misato: "Uu!......kya!"
It made a sound.
Misato: "P-please stop......your mouth......is so......hiu!......kya!"
Making them adhere to all of my oral cavity, I licked all over them.
I made them drip with saliva.
Misato: "Nooo......stop, that......you......pervert!"
I chewed softly, tasting her flesh.
Misato: "Uuuu, I'm being, eaten......my breasts, are being......"
That might be the case.
The fact that I want to combine her breasts and hips with my mouth is close to an instinct.
Taichi: "And I'm going to keep eating them."
Misato: "I'm...Peke-kun's......food......"
Taichi: "And you're delicious."
I ate her areolas.
Misato: "Nn!"
Her jaw jumped.
Her white throat bent like a bow.
With my tongue I poked at the prey captured inside my mouth.
Misato: "Nnn! Ha! Nnnkakakaaa!!"
Her body twisted.
Did that tickle? She was trying to run away.
I won't let her.
I rolled my tongue around her protrusions.
Misato: "Huunn! Nn, that, stop......don't!"
While sucking hard, I pulled up my mouth.
Misato: "I-I'm being sucked......sucked up......"
When the plump things left my mouth, the inside of it no longer felt as if it were being stimulated by opiates.
My strong vacuum only held her nipples.
Misato: "Ah! Nnn! Ah, aaah!!"
She held my head.
Reflexively pulling me closer.
It seemed almost as if she wanted me to suck more.
Without weakening my suction, I pulled all the way back.
Misato: "Uuuu!!"
It made a splendid noise.
Sempai's face was colored with shame.
Misato: "......noooo, I want to die......"
Taichi: "I'll make you want that even more."
Misato: "Eh......eeeh!?"
I reflexively repeated the same treatment of her breasts.
Misato: "Hya, nnn, uun......ah, ow......you'll pull them off!!"
Misato: "Kya......noo, no, no......fua, if you lick that much......they'll wrinkle......"
Misato: "Ah! Nn, nn!......haa, uun......I'm, going......numb......my, breasts......I have no idea......"
Misato: "Hauuu......ag-, again, the tips......nn!!"
Misato: "Haku! Too strong......if you suck that hard......they're, they're going to change shape!"
They were rolling, softening and transforming as I wanted.
Taichi: "Sempai's breasts......they're quite sticky now, aren't they?"
Misato: "Sticky......that's, cruel......"
Taichi: "But they're mine."
Misato: "Yours......?"
Taichi: "Yes. These things of Sempai's are mine."
Misato: "......gusu......that's......"
Taichi: "Nice, isn't it?"
Misato: "............"
I twisted her nipples.
Taichi: "Your answer?"
Misato: "Kya!......ye-yes......"
Taichi: "Please say it properly."
Misato: "These are yours."
Taichi: "More properly."
Misato: "My breasts, are Peke-kun's......"
Taichi: "Nicely done."
Though it took her a long time.
I sucked her lips.
Misato: "Ah......"
My nose touched her glasses.
I continued anyway.
Misato: "Nn......nnnn......"
Gentle contact.
Her body's resistance left.
I deepened the kiss slightly.
Flower petals pivoted on their axes.
Misato: "Nn......"
Sempai seemed a little surprised.
Her eyebrows narrowed.
But,
She gave up and opened her mouth.
I pushed in.
I knocked on her gum, stepped into her oral cavity and twisted around Sempai's tongue.
I pulled her mouth closer to mine as if kidnapping it.
Misato: "Nnnnnnn! Nn! Nnnn......"
Her shoulders shook, but she endured.
Ignoring the drool, I licked her tongue.
Misato: "Nn......nnhu! Nn......nnnnnn......"
I released her.
Our tongues curled back into place.
Taichi: "No Sempai, you have to stick your tongue out."
Misato: "Noo, such a perverted......"
Taichi: "It's normal."
Misato: "Really?"
Taichi: "Everyone does it."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "Now, stick it out so I can lick it."
Misato: "......"
Full of hesitation.
I held her chin up as if to rush her, and,
Misato: "......o......kay."
She resigned, and stuck out her tongue.
She extended it vertically.
I licked it.
Misato: "Nn, nnnn......nn, hya, fuhya!......"
Her pink organ folded and sharpened. I made love to it.
I moved my saliva into her mouth, and both our salivae flowed down to the base of her tongue.
Ending with a light kiss, I pushed everything into her.
Misato: "Huuun......"
Taichi: "Did that feel good?"
Misato: "......yes."
Taichi: "Do you want to do more of that?"
Misato: "Yes, more......with you......"
Taichi: "Very well. I'll do that anytime you like."
Taichi: "But, let's put it on hold for now."
Misato: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Right now---"
My finger fell to her lower abdomen.
I brushed aside her pubic hair and touched her private parts.
Misato: "Wh-what?"
She finally noticed that she wasn't wearing underwear.
How can you not notice something like that?!
Taichi: "......I took it off while we were kissing. Didn't you notice?"
Misato: "No, th, that's......"
Taichi: "Also......you're already wet."
My finger slid inside, up to the first joint.
Misato: "Kya!!"
Taichi: "Sempai, this part of you seems really lonely."
Misato: "......wh-what are you saying......nn! No, any farther in and......"
Taichi: "It's all right."
A swell of unmanageable emotions.
They made tears well up in Sempai's eyes.
Taichi: "This time, I'll kiss you down here."
Misato: "Aaaaaahhh......"
Sempai blankly watched my face fall to the bottom of her field of vision.
........................
And then---
I scattered Mimi-sempai.
Misato: "......nn! Haaa......!!!"
Her hips stuck together, not moving.
Sempai's insides were meaty, with coarse undulations.
Taichi: "Amazing......Sempai."
Misato: "......uah......?"
As her mouth hung open, an indeterminate moan poured out from it.
Taichi: "Does it hurt?"
Misato: "......I do-......don't know."
Misato: "Amazing......something big is......pushing me open......just that is......"
Taichi: "Sempai......"
Misato: "This is my......first time...being violated......by a boy......"
That's right.
I violated her, half by force.
I did that to Sempai.
I rubbed her butt.
I'm entering in there.
A sensual image.
Misato: "Ah! No! Stop! Don't make it any bigger......"
Taichi: "But Sempai..."
An abnormal passion which won't come when doing it alone.
Misato: "Ha, han, I'm, I'm being torn open."
I tried moving a few times.
The tip, which had enlarged beyond its limit, was being thoroughly rubbed by her vagina.
So strongly that it seemed to make a rough sound.
The sensuality made my hair stand on end.
If I let up, I might really climax multiple times.
I'd been getting sensitive.
I wonder if Sempai was too.
Misato: "Kyafu!......afu! Nn! Nnn, nnn, nn!!!"
Since we're rubbing the same areas against each other, it's not strange that we feel it to the same degree.
In order to extend the pleasure, I had no choice but to enter at a slow speed.
Misato: "Aaah, aaaaah, nn, uaa, aaaah......"
Rubbing, and rubbing.
The stimuli increased in rings.
It seemed like Sempai felt this strong sensuality in another form.
Misato: "......uaa, ah, aaah......han, haa......"
Misato: "It's big...too big......"
Words with unheard meaning.
What she wants to say I know through her body's reactions.
Her back and shoulders were shaking pitifully, as she couldn't effectively avoid these stimuli.
Her nails bit into the sheets.
Beads of sweat formed all over her body.
Taichi: "How does it feel?"
Misato: "Fua? How...does it feel?......like something......is prying me open......I feel like I might...stop breathing."
Taichi: "I'm sorry, but for me, this feels good."
Misato: "......it feels...good?"
Taichi: "Because Sempai's hot on the inside."
Misato: "......no......"
She turned away.
Taichi: "Look this way."
Misato: "......?"
With our bodies twisted, I forced a kiss on her.
I knocked off her glasses.
Misato: "Nnfu."
At the same time, my hips moved all the way inside her.
Misato: "Auu......"
Her muffled scream was wiped away between our mouths.
Taichi: "I'm going to move, Sempai."
This time, I moved not up and down, but in a circle.
Misato: "Ah!......oh!......!!"
She clung to the sheets.
I kept rotating.
Following the flow of her folds of skin, sharp stimuli wrapped around my rod.
Misato: "Ha, haa, ha......nn, nnnn......"
I watched her upper body turn pink.
Misato: "Aaah, there, there---"
Misato: "Uuuuuuu!!"
Sempai's back bent.
The back of her head pushed against my jaw, very strongly.
Was she unable to handle this new stimuli?
I thrust into her up, down, left and right.
Misato: "Ah, aaah!, ah, that's! NNn!......nnn!"
A broken sob was squeezed out of her throat.
Though it was a vulgar voice, it drove me on even more.
I spun around again.
Misato: "Aaah!!?"
A truly wild scream which gained momentum at the end.
As if she'd only just thought of it, she began to rotate in the opposite direction.
Misato: "Kyaa! Nooo! Hya! Oh, NN! AAH!"
Misato: "Haan, stop......just stoooooopp......"
Amazing, Sempai......
Taichi: "Your body is amazingly perverted."
Misato: "No, that's not......"
Sempai put the back of her hand to her mouth.
In order to cover her voice.
I kept working.
The wet membranes added yet more seasoning to the peculiar sensations.
This was a vagina I could climax in with only slow movements.
Taichi: "You're good, Sempai."
Misato: "Nn, nn, nn, nn......!!"
I desperately held it in.
......I wanted to break her.
While thrust all the way in, I twisted my thighs.
Misato: "NNAAA!!?"
Misato: "Ah.........stop......that...stirring...shtop!!"
All I could hear was a cute scream.
Misato: "Stop, stop, stop."
Taichi: "For me, this is a bit better."
Misato: "Stooooop."
Under Sempai, the sheets had a deep, person-shaped sweat stain.
Misato: "Uaaa, ah! Agu......nn!"
It seemed that, when I moved slowly to avoid cumming, it became a moderate stimulus to Sempai.
Taichi: "......ah."
I delicately pulled out to a shallow position.
Only the tip continued to receive pressure.
I can probably hold it in this way.
By the way,
Misato: "Ha, ha! Ha, ha, han! Haaan! Nn! Ah!"
Delicate movements brought along delicate screams.
New sweat formed on her back.
Misato: "Ha, ha, ha! Ah! Ah, ah! Ha, ha! Nnnn!!"
Misato: "No, stooooop."
As a result, Sempai's thighs pushed against mine frantically.
Taichi: "......something wrong here?"
Misato: "Yes, I feel it too much, stop, not there...... I feel like I'll get carried along in your turning......"
Sempai, who no longer knew what she was saying, had a strangely graphic expression.
Taichi: "I see."
Misato: "Nnuu......"
As if to win over her butt, I kissed her again.
I licked the sweat off her neck.
Misato: "Hya......aun......"
Taichi: "Sempai's sweat smells good."
Misato: "......you're, lying."
Taichi: "Can you feel me on your neck?"
Misato: "I do-, nn! know!"
Misato: "Peke-kun, your hand......"
Taichi: "Okay."
We joined hands.
Held to one another.
Sempai pulled in closer and licked the back of my hand.
Likewise, I bit into Sempai's shoulder.
Misato: "Haann."
That was how we played with each other.
Just as our thighs had, my chest and her back stuck together.
Her body, wet with sweat, stuck to me with no difficulty.
Taichi: "You're......very wet."
Misato: "......yes."
Misato: "Umm......"
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "I want you, to move."
Misato: "......I want to remember your shape......with my body."
My rationality was killed.
Taichi: "Sempai!"
I twisted my hips.
Their path twisted into a screw.
Misato: "Hiu!!"
Our whole bodies' membranes, skins and feelings.
I sensed that all of us harmoniously unified.
Even if that was an illusion.
Even if it was an illusion of these membranes.
I moved.
The pace no longer mattered.
The speed of honest desire.
Misato: "Han! Haaan......am-amazing!......so fast, so faaast......aaaah!!"
Our desires, scattered into thousands of pieces, came out in our movements.
Misato: "Ah! Ah, ah! Ah! Aaah! Aaaaaah!!"
Misato: "I'm breaking, I'm breaking! Down there I'm......!!"
Taichi: "Down there?"
I asked while moving.
Misato: "......down thereee."
Taichi: "I want to hear it properly."
Misato: "My......pussy......"
Despite her hesitation, she said that.
Taichi: "More."
Quick-fire.
Misato: "Kya! No, no, no, nooo! My, pussy's going to......"
Misato: "Aaan! Ah! Aaaaaan! Hyaa, I'm, twistinggg!"
I bit her ear.
Misato: "Kyaa!!"
Taichi: "It's amazing how much you're feeling this, Sempai......"
Misato: "Myyy, whole body, feels......strannnnnnge......"
Taichi: "That's a good thing."
It probably is.
Misato: "Aaah, ah! Nn!......nn!......I'm losing it......nooo!"
Rub, rub, slip, slip.
Our membranes made sounds.
Misato: "......ah! No, something! Nnha! Nn! Haa, something's...coming!......"
Tears under her glasses.
I couldn't wipe them away.
I was impatient, like Sempai's heart.
Misato: "......Aaah, ahaa, ha......ha, han, han, oah! Aaaa......"
Now she'd lost all words with meaning.
I penetrated Mimi-sempai with my whole body.
Misato: "Au! Aoh! Oh! Nn!......yes......yes......that's
...amazing."
Her screams became hoarse.
Taichi: "Right here?"
Misato: "Aah, right theeerrre......aaaaah."
*twitch*
All four limbs drew back.
Like an omen.
Misato: "Aaah, ha! Ha! Ha! I, I......I'm!......!......!"
She could no longer move a muscle.
Her body just continued its minute shaking.
All her fingers and toes grabbed onto the sheets.
She seemed to be propping herself up in order to endure something.
Misato: "Aaaaah......ha, ha!......aah! ah! aaah......ye......"
Even my strong movements only produce low moans.
I stopped my left, right and circular movements, changing to just a back-and-forth motion.
The pleasure skyrocketed.
Her folds pushed me on with strong contractions, sweeping along my penis.
Misato: "Haa! Aaah! Ah!......ye-yes......I'm melting ......I'm completely...melting......haaaaa......uuunnn!!"
My speed quickened.
Misato: "Aaah!......au! Ah, ha!......!!!! Fuwaa!......an! Hin! Aaah, so...deeppp......un! Ah, un......amazing, amazing............aaaah! Haaa."
Misato: "......a.........aaaah......auaaaaaaah........."
Convulsions.
Misato: "Haaa......oo......aaah......hi, aaaaa............"
Her gasps were no longer from her body, but forcefully pushed out from the bottom of her stomach.
As my thighs struck her, her white haunches jiggled.
The wet noises continued without pause.
Misato: "Uu......uah............uuaaaaaaaah......th-this, I!"
Misato: "Aaaaaah......aaooo......ah, ah, ha! Haaaa............ah, aaah! Hii......aaaaaa!!"
Misato: "Ah............"
There was a pause.
And then,
Misato: "Ah, aaaaaaah......aaaa......--------!!!!!"
Various joints bent backward, twisting her whole body.
I also used the contraction of her insides with a long piston thrust meant to extend the joy.
Then I pulled out of her sticky, twisted insides.
Misato: "Aaaann......"
I touched the gun barrel to Sempai's body.
Ejaculation.
I felt like there was three times more than usual.
It became a huge puddle, dribbling down her.
Misato: "Aaa......it's hot......so much......"
Sempai watched with fascination at the scene of her own light pink skin being tainted by semen.
She took a bit of semen in her hand.
Holding it up to her eyes, she squeezed it.
She opened it up again, with all five sticky fingers.
Misato: "Semen......it's white......nn......the smell......a boy's smell......nnn......"
She put it in her mouth.
I rubbed her hair.
Misato: "Nn......that feels nice......"
She closed her eyes.
Taichi: "......Sempai?"
Her light breathing was already sounding like that of someone asleep.
......
............
........................
Misato: "......nn......"
One hour.
That's how long she'd been sleeping.
I'd watched her the whole time.
Misato: "......ah......Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Hello."
Misato: "Ah......I, fell asleep......kya."
She panicked over her nakedness, and hid under the sheets.
Taichi: "It felt more like you fainted."
Misato: "......no......"
She felt ashamed.
Taichi: "Does it hurt?"
Misato: "Eh......no......though I can still feel a little......"
Misato: "Ah......it almost feels like......there's still something inside......"
Taichi: "I wiped it off for you."
Misato: "Eh......wiped what?"
She looked down inside the sheets.
Taichi: "I think you're completely clean."
Misato: "Uu......such shame......"
Taichi: "That's not true at all."
Taichi: "Your body's perfectly clean now."
Misato: "......uuuu."
She groaned.
Taichi: "Please wait a moment."
I went downstairs, then came back.
Taichi: "Here you go."
Handmade popsicles.
Misato: "Oh......"
Misato: "Thank you."
We both bit into them.
Misato: "......it's cold, and delicious."
Yep.
She doesn't seem mad.
Misato: "......we really did it."
Taichi: "We did."
Misato: "Of all the times to do it......"
Taichi: "Self-preservation instincts go wild in crisis situations."
Misato: "......you speak lies."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Taichi: "Hey, Sempai."
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?"
Misato: "......the beach?"
Taichi: "Just us."
Misato: "That sounds nice."
She might have just thought of her club.
Taichi: "You need breaks too."
Misato: "......you're right."
Misato: "Then we'll take tomorrow off and have a blast."
She was being shy.
She seemed refreshed, but somewhere in her, there was still a doubt.
One that I'd never reach.
Even by sleeping with her.
Okay! Leave it to me!
Taichi: "Sempai."
Misato: "......whaaat?"
Taichi: "Please marry me!"
I pointed upward as I confessed.
Misato: "Ufu."
Sempai smiled as softly as an angel.
＊・゜゜・Angel's†Light・゜゜・＊
Misato: "Absolutely not♪"
Taichi: "Hello, Tomoki? This is Kurosu. Yeah, I just got turned down by your nee-chan. Yeah, seriously, right now. She's still right here next to me. Buhyahyahyahya!
"Anyway, anyway, my chest right now is filling up with both pain and pleasure. I'm so glad you pushed me into telling her my feelings! Now go die!!"
Misato: "That phone......aren't its batteries dead?"
Taichi: "I know that much!"
I threw myself down in tears.
Taichi: "Uooon!"
Misato: "You don't have to tell him......"
Taichi: "I was fully aware it was a joke because I thought it might get the mood going but that was clearly just a silly expectation of mine but now my heart hurts from being so flatly rejected!"
Misato: "Isn't the problem that you confessed with the perfect timing to be rejected......?"
Taichi: "Darkness lies only an inch farther in life! I have no choice but to believe in the now!"
Misato: "Come on, I'll give you some pickled cucumbers, so cheer up. And let's stop using the wrestling voice, okay?"
Taichi: "Oh, is my love to be bought with cucumbers......?"
Misato: "Peke-kun, I'm sure you'll have a much more wonderful significant other than me."
Taichi: "I'm gonna cry."
The cucumbers tasted like unrequited love.
Taichi: "Ah, that's right."
Taichi: "Sempai, please wait here a moment."
Misato: "What?"
I went,
And came back.
I held them out in both hands.
Taichi: "Handmade popsicles!"
Misato: "Ah! That's amazing!"
I passed one to her.
Misato: "It feels like the underlying strength of humanity."
Taichi: "Huhuhu, you speak presumptuously of the one and only Kurosu Taichi."
Misato: "It's cooold and deliiiicious♪"
Taichi: "Humanity banzaaai."
Misato: "Banzaaai."
Many cheers for popsicles.
Misato: "What were the ingredients in these?"
Taichi: "Lemon and sugar and egg whites and-"
Taichi: "......my two hundred million cute little wonderful lives."
TAICHI NOOOOOOOO!
Sempai stopped cold.
For some reason her glasses suddenly fogged up.
Misato: "............"
This atmosphere is bad.
Taichi: "Umm, you know that's a joke, right?"
Misato: "......please exchange this for yours."
Taichi: "Ah, yes."
Misato: "If you're going to say such foolish things, then you're going to have to be punished."
She said that with no strange intonation.
I was so scared.
Taichi: "I-I'll be sure not to do that again!"
Misato: "......honestly."
The fog on her glasses cleared up in an instant.
Is that voluntary?
How can she control that?
I was afraid.
But, there was a benefit from that risk.
Indirect kiss!
On top of that, with something as sticky as a popsicle, it was a deep indirect kiss.
I'm thoroughly satiated with this.
Misato: "I originally came here to thank you, but ended up receiving something nice in return."
Taichi: "Hu, it's nothing. Please don't fall in love with me so easily."
Misato: "That was delicious, Peke-kun. And I'm not falling in love."
She has no heart.
Misato: "Thanks to that I feel refreshed."
Taichi: "Since it's always hot these days."
Misato: "It is hot."
Taichi: "Since it's summer, it's to be expected."
Misato: "......I'd like to go to the beach."
Sempai looked out the window.
It was too dark to see the ocean, which should be in that direction.
Taichi: "Then let's go there."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Tomorrow at lunch we'll gather in front of the school."
Misato: "Eha?"
Taichi: "We'll call everyone, of course."
Misato: "B-but in only one day......"
Taichi: "It'll come about somehow!"
I raised my thumb.
Misato: "But......Kiri-san, and Hasekura-san, would they come?"
Taichi: "Nnn, that'll depend on my plots."
Taichi: "Faith isn't needed to move the masses. You just have to hit them where they hurt. Wahaha."
Misato: "......I'd prefer it if you didn't say such cruel things with a straight face."
Misato: "Ah, but I might not fit into last year's swimsuit."
Taichi: "EEH?"
Misato: "Hu, that's not because I've fattened up!"
Taichi: "Ah, in other words, you've experienced growth?"
Misato: "That's right."
Misato: "That's really it."
Taichi: "No, I wasn't doubting that."
So her breasts are still getting bigger...
My thoughts raced around Sempai's bust.
Misato: "......!"
She must have felt some kind of evil force, as she hid her breasts with both arms.
Misato: "And that's why I need a new......"
Taichi: "Which one?"
Misato: "You have them----!!?"
Taichi: "Maybe the standard bikini strap."
Misato: "Why do you have those--------!!?"
Taichi: "But your size is an 86 C-cup, so maybe this one."
Misato: "Hiki!!?"
Taichi: "How about something like this shell and strap shameless ocean paradise?"
Misato: "I'll never wear that!!!"
Taichi: "Then this one! A pearl white knock-out bikini."
Misato: "But you can see through it even before it gets wet......"
Taichi: "It's a bit odd, but this ropeless patch is-"
Misato: "Isn't that just the front half with some adhesive!!? Are you stupid!!?"
Taichi: "Or why not have fun with this one? It has see-through vinyl around the breasts so you can pretend to be topless......"
Misato: "I'm-I'm going to be raped!"
Sempai covered her face.
Taichi: "There's even a female loincloth here."
Misato: "Why do you have nothing besides those!!!"
Taichi: "Here's something else: a swimsuit that idiots can't even see. A naked empress to test people's intellect..."
Misato: "How's that different from being naked!?"
Misato: "Rejected! Rejected-rejected-rejected-rejected-----!!!"
Taichi: "Here we are: the beach."
Taichi: "And now, here are the reliable faces who shall enjoy this summer day overflowing with libido!"
The group lined up.
Misato: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "Now, here we go."
I walked along the line with the tight step of a sergeant.
Taichi: "What's with these faces that make it look like we're gathered here for a funeral?"
Touko: "That's because you tricked us!!"
Taichi: "Mmm...aah, I don't remember that."
I dug out some earwax.
Touko: "Yooouuuu aaaarrrreeee..."
Taichi: "Why are your feet scratching along the ground?"
Taichi: "Is it biology?"
*slap!!*
Taichi: "Gofu!"
An accurate attack hit my cheek hard, producing an onomatopoeia identical to the name of the act.
Karade Master: "More than half of the human body is composed of water. If you try hard enough, you can be a water balloon."
Karade Master: "A single attack received from that pliant yet tenacious palm moving slightly downward. She's tuned into your cranial fluids to impart upon your brain a tremor surpassing that of the common punch."
Taichi: "Who's that?"
........................
Touko: "I'm going home!"
Taichi: "Well, well."
*yank*
Touko: "Kiaaa!!? Where are you grabbing on to!!?"
Taichi: "The part of your swimsuit covering your butt."
Taichi: "This swimsuit material can really stretch."
Touko: "Molester!"
Taichi: "Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh."
I sunk into the sand.
Taichi: "......uuu......"
Touko: "I-I can't believe this, you perverted monkey! Are you an idiot!? Are you an idiot!?"
Touko was fuming as she fixed her swimsuit.
I saw all of her butt crack.
Misato: "......my stomach..."
Sempai couldn't stand watching others fight, so she was already groggy.
Taichi: "Today is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club's sea bath. Let's begin."
Taichi: "Now, listen up. I won't be saying this twice. You are all scum! You have the foulest breath of any pigs in the country!"
Taichi: "As you are among the lowest and most vile of living things, the country's upkeep of you has not come cheap. They're making an investment, but they've seen no profits in return---"
Misato: "Are we all new conscripts?"
Tomoki: "It's Number 10."
Kiri: "............defeated......"
Kiri lowered her head, quite sick of this.
Miki: "I'm sorry for tricking you. Sempai said he needed me to."
Kiri: "......today......I had planned to go out and eat sushi with my family......"
Miki: "Hey, if we do this favor for Sempai now, won't it come in handy later?"
Kiri: "Salmon roe, sea urchin, medium tuna, jika......"
Ignoring the military play, Kiri let a heavy sigh fall to her feet.
Misato: "So, through what means did you bring Kirihara-san here?"
Touko: "Hasekura-sempai said she had something important to talk to me about."
Touko: "I never thought such an important person would side with Kurosu......"
Her iron fist was shaking.
Misato: "Hasekura-san......just what kind of relationship does she have with Kurosu-kun?"
Taichi: "Nn? Youko-chan?"
Touko: "Youko-chan!?"
Misato: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Youko-chan!!!?"
Tomoki: "Youko-chan!!?"
Taichi: "Nice quartet."
I flicked my conducting baton.
Touko: "Wh-why is such an amazing person being addressed with '-chan' by a dumpster like yourself!?"
Taichi: "There's a limit to how much you can avoid putting oblaat over your words."
Miki: "Sempai, Sempai, question, question."
Taichi: "Yes, Miki-Miki."
Miki: "I am Miki-Miki. Ummm, are Kurosu-sempai and Hasekura-sempai going out, by any chance?"
Touko: "No! That cannot be allowed!"
Misato: "Hieee, beauty and the beast!"
Tomoki: "......truly frightening......what is happening to the world......?"
Tomoki: "To think that a --- like Kurosu has a girlfriend! On top of that an extreme cool beauty like Hasekura-sempai!"
Taichi: "......you'd better not think you can run your mouth all you like just because I'm not looking at you."
Miki: "So, what is it?"
Taichi: "......we aren't going out or anything."
Taichi: "Youko-chan is merelyyy, my meat slave♪"
If she's the one that makes his dinners(?) then that could have a double meaning. If so, then I say we keep it in there.
A little devil's smile.
Misato: "Huu......"
Miki: "S-s-s-sergeant-donooo! Miyasumi-sempai has swooned!!"
Tomoki: "Lies! Jehovah, tell me that's a lie!!"
TLN? <-- from now on that means "tl note needed?"
No. He's referring to a religious figure. It would only need a TL note if it were Kami-sama or something to that effect.
Kiri: "......umm, Shima-sempai......I do think it's a lie, so you really don't have to face the sea and pray to the almighty......"
Touko: "Ah, that valiant Hasekura-sempai......has been so......stained by Eros......it hurts......my head hurts......"
Hey, you've got the unrivaled destructive power.
Taichi: "And a one-two!! Three-four!!"
This feels nice.
They're all running themselves ragged over something as trivial as garbage. That's moe.
Taichi: "Two-two!! Three-four!!"
Touko: "-ut up!! Stop that dancing!"
Kiri: "......perhaps, this is...fate."
Misato: "Buku, buku..."
Miki: "S-s-s-sergeant, your Majesty!! Miyasumi-sempai is blowing bubbles!! Bubbles!!!"
Tomoki: "On your knees!! Beg for your life! Get the stone back from the brat!!" (currently deranged)
Miki: "Ah, that's......"
Taichi: "You're thinking of using that cannon in a shootout against me?"
Touko: "What are you all saying......?"
Taichi: "Swimsuit, gal, if they come upon beach sand there must be beach volleyball. This is a convoy."
Tomoki: "Get the stone back from the brat!!"
Taichi: "This guy's getting annoying......"
Miki: "Won't beach volleyball make our breasts jiggle?"
Taichi: "Yes! After all, there could be no other reason for beach volleyball to be anyone's long-cherished ambition, and though I was fully intending to pass on any position which would overuse one's chest---"
Miki: "......everyone, that seems to be intentional, so be careful."
Taichi: "Be at ease, Miki-jou."
I patted her head.
Miki: "Nnku?"
I like Miki because she doesn't mind this sort of thing.
She's the number one moe girl among the underclassmen.
Taichi: "Three years from now yours will be bouncing too."
Miki: "......uhaa......s-seriously?"
She's embarrassed.
Miki: "It'd be nice if that happened."
Taichi: "I know these things. You shall develop!"
Miki: "Th-thank you so much."
Taichi: "Kirihara's nearing the age where growth ends, so she'll be staying flat."
Touko: "Yooouuu aaarrreee..."
Misato: "Nn......it's noisy here......"
Ah, she revived.
Pushing herself up with one hand, her buxom chest bounced weakly as her body bent.
Taichi: "Sempai, you've got beautiful breasts."
Misato: "EEH?"
Taichi: "Beautiful."
Misato: "Wait, Kurosu-kun......"
Girl: "Ummm..."
Taichi: "Just like the forbidden fruit. Even though I'm not Adam, I feel like I'll be bewitched."
TLN?
Misato: "I'm-I'm going to be raped......"
She squatted, held herself, and shivered violently.
Tomoki: "W-will you stop that!?"
Taichi: "Dammit, this is no joke. Aren't you yourself holding a few too many immoral emotions toward your sister? Mister Siscon-kun?"
Miki: "Now you're the yakuza."
Tomoki: "Who are you calling a siscon!?"
And yet, he became a little flustered.
Misato: "No-not my body..."
Girl: "Ummm, excuse, excuse, excuse, me!!!!!"
One moment.
All movements stopped.
Taichi: "......Yuusa-chin?"
Yuusa: "I-I'm Yuusa. S-s-s-s-sorry to intrude while you're all busy."
She lowered her head as if apologizing.
Yuusa: "Uh, umm, I am honored to have been invi-invi-invi......ow!"
Yuusa: "............(crying)"
She seemed to have bit her tongue.
Touko: "And who might you be?"
Yuusa: "Haa...I'm Doujima Yuusa."
Touko: "Are you someone's acquaintance?"
Taichi: "Yes, mine."
*gossip*
*Whisper* *Whisper* would be the english alternative. But it might suggest that Taichi is whispering something to Yuusa
Taichi: "......what is the meaning of the atmosphere being pulled toward an infinite minus?"
Misato: "Is she your friend, Kurosu-kun?"
Taichi: "My girlfriend. We're cohabiting."
Yuusa: "......!"
*stare*
Miki: "Co-"
Touko: "habi-?"
Misato: "N-not again..."
Misato: "That's not true, right Ojou-san?"
She spoke directly to Yuusa-chan.
Taichi: "Eeh, that's riiight. We're living together, aren't weeee?"
Yuusa: "......(nod)"
Kiri: "......"
Touko: "......"
Misato: "......huuu..."
Miki: "Ah, she swooned again."
Taichi: "Juuust kidding♪"
Touko: "......that's what I thought."
Taichi: "Anyway, that's how honest this girl is. Be nice to her."
Miki: "So you're called Yuusa-chan? I am Yamanobe Miki."
Yuusa: "Ah, very pleased to meet you......"
They bent forward to shake hands.
Tomoki: "......lovely."
Taichi: "Whut!?!"
Th-this woman stealer......is after Yuusa-chan......he's after MY Yuusa-chan!?
Desired surveillance target selected.
Taichi: "Well, you really came."
Yuusa: "Okaa-san said to take care."
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
I whispered into her ear.
Taichi: "Did Youko-chan bring you all the way here?"
Yuusa: "Ah, yes. But she never said a word."
Taichi: "Whyaa?"
Yuusa: "D-did I do something to make her mad?"
Taichi: "No, that's normal. Don't worry about it."
Taichi: "So, where is she?"
Yuusa: "She was with me up until now, but then she suddenly disappeared."
Taichi: "......"
She's around here somewhere.
Taichi: "Ah, there she is."
There's no mistaking that silhouette.
She was even wearing a swimsuit. Such a waste......
Taichi: "......"
Technically, she did 『participate』 in our group sea bath.
Taichi: "Well, it doesn't matter."
Yuusa: "?"
Taichi: "Now, since Yuusa-chan's here, let's play."
Touko: "That was a long buildup."
Miki: "Let's split into teams."
Touko: "Do I have to do it too?"
Miki: "The number of people..."
Miki: "The two male sempais, please split up."
Taichi: "Male sempais......wait, aren't you forgetting something?"
Tomoki: "Yeah, that's what I thought."
Taichi: "What was it?"
Tomoki: "Hmmm..."
I couldn't remember it.
Miki: "Kiri goes here. Then Kirihara-sempai and Miyasumi-sempai go there."
Miki: "Then, Yuusa-chan will enter our small-bodied team."
Okay, okay.
Miyasumi-sempai's over there.
Shaking...they'll be shaking...
My thoughts raced around Miyasumi-sempai's wonderful boobs.
Taichi: "Guah!"
Miki: "......umm, we're starting now."
Taichi: "Without any warning?"
Taichi: "Ow-ow-ow, dammit, who was that just now?"
Touko: "......hmph (turns away)."
Her...
Taichi: "The filthy Japanese army may have planned their Tora Tora Tora attack before declaring war..."
I held up the ball in my hand.
Taichi: "Our American army obtained that information a long time ago!"
Touko: "Iiidiot."
Taichi: "Ah, you are irritating...that attitude, yep, irritating."
Taichi: "Since you irritate meee......attack!"
I attacked.
Tomoki returned it without difficulty.
Damn, he was an ex-sports club member.
The ball came to us once again, and this time, Miyasumi-sempai returned it.
Misato: "Ah, here it is......"
She meandered in all directions.
The received ball hit Kirihara Touko in the back of her head.
Touko: "Fui!?"
Misato: "I-I'm sorry..."
Touko: "......no problem."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Touko: "-hut up!! Don't laugh!"
Touko's serve.
In Yuusa-chan's direction.
Taichi: "There it goes..."
Yuusa: "Eh! Ah! Ya!?"
Crap, her specs aren't that different from Miyasumi-sempai.
I signaled Sakura Kiri with my eyes, since she looked like she had good motor skills.
Taichi: (Sakura) (Yuusa-chan) (Save her)
She returned my signal with her own gaze.
Kiri: (Why) (Do I) (Have to do that?)
Taichi: (Without) (asking) (you're good) (at sports) (right?)
Kiri: (Troublesome)
Taichi: (Are you) (a devil?)
Kiri: (It's) (not) (my field.) (If you want to save her) (do it yourself.)
Taichi: (Cheater) (Bully) (Lonely wolf)
Kiri: (I don't know) (myself) (very well)
Those sorts of talks took place.
It might've been my delusion.
Yuusa: "Ah! Spin! Spinning!?"
She's saying 'spinning' out loud.
This is hopeless.
Miki: "I'll!"
Miki jumped in.
She runs (she slips).
Splendidly (tumbles).
*fump*
Miki: "............"
Since Miki jumped in face first, the ball fell onto her subpar butt.
Touko: "Second point."
Taichi: "I'll admit only that there is love in your heart."
Miki: "Sh...shempuai......"
Miki's raised face was red.
Taichi: "Blood......you're bleeding."
Kiri: "Miki!!?"
Miki: "Ow, owwww, my forehead hurts..."
Taichi: "Blood, blood is......blood is......"
The sand was filled with broken fragments of something.
Blood.
A shock went through my back.
Kiri: "No, it's torn apart!"
Miki: "It hurts......"
Yuusa: "I'm, I'm sorry, it's all my fault......"
Miki: "I don't care about that......it hurts..."
Taichi: "Tea, here's some tea!"
I passed a can of tea to Kiri.
Kiri: "What are you doing!?"
Taichi: "I just said tea!"
I held out the tea to avoid looking at the blood.
Miki: "It stings! It stings!"
Kiri: "Uhh, what should we do...in this......huh?"
Kiri: "I don't know......I don't know what we should do, but......"
Kiri was coming apart.
Taichi: "I said TEA!!"
I was also coming apart, and no useful words would come out.
Miki: "Owowowowow......uhyaaa, I'm bleeding......what should I do...?"
Misato: "Are you okay!?"
Touko: "I'll go call a doctor!"
She ran away.
Taichi: "TEEEEAAAAA----------!!"
I like it the way it is. Leave it. We can have a purposeful "This Chair" joke later.
Yuusa: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Miki: "Blood's pouring...! My head stings!"
Tomoki: "I...is there anything I can do? Hey, is there something I can do?"
You're the only one here with a clean bill of health!
Many people cried out, and many people were befuddled.
I was also frantic since I didn't want to look at blood.
I closed my eyes.
"............"
Someone took the can from my hand.
The sound of the pull-tab opening.
The sound of something pouring down Miki's forehead.
Miki: "Funya?"
Taichi: "Ah, yes, that's it."
Tomoki: "Wh-what're you trying to do by pouring tea on it?"
Taichi: "......actually, the catechin included in green tea has a sterilizing effect."
Taichi: "There's a handkerchief in my bag, so put that on her."
Tomoki: "O-okay."
I opened my eyes.
Right then, Misato-sempai started applying the handkerchief.
Ho!
Taichi: "Miki, does it hurt?"
Miki: "It stings a bit."
Taichi: "Who was it who found the tea?"
Misato: "Well, about that......"
Tomoki: "I don't know."
Taichi: "Say what?"
Misato: "When we were all in chaos, I think I saw someone out of the corner of my eye."
Tomoki: "Likewise."
Yuusa: "Me too......I think......"
If there was a super ninja-like human capable of reading our awareness level with such skill......
It's her.
I looked around the area, but didn't see her.
Of course I wouldn't.
Then, Touko brought over the lifeguard.
Everyone wilted at once.
Miki: "Th-thank you very much......Sempai."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Miki: "Because you kept on screaming, 'Tea! Tea!'"
Taichi: "......I was confused too. I don't know why I wasn't able to explain properly."
Miki: "I'm grateful......"
Taichi: "To the person who found the tea."
Miki: "Same goes for Sempai."
Her teary eyes looked straight at me.
Taichi: "......I see."
Taichi: "You're a charming gal."
Miki: "Nyaa."
Then, Miki was taken away by the lifeguard.
Kiri: "I'll go with her. You sempais can go home now."
Taichi: "That's not happening. Right?"
Tomoki: "Mmm."
Misato: "We'll be waiting."
Kiri: "......ummm......thank you."
She thanked me awkwardly, then followed Miki.
Taichi: "Yuusa-chan, aren't they great?"
Yuusa: "Eh? Ar-are they? They all seem very adult...it's like......I'm the only child here."
Taichi: "Do those two look sexy to you?"
Tomoki: "Well, compared to Yuusa-chan they are much older."
Taichi: "......"
You're calling her '-chan?'
Isn't that a bit soon?
Does this guy just naturally have all the attributes of a woman-stealer?
Definitely a priority target.
In my heart, Tomoki's surveillance level went up by one.
Yuusa: "But......they're all good people. Those two and the sempais."
Taichi: "That's the unity of two who have eaten out of the same pot. Do you envy it?"
Yuusa: "Ah, yes, a lot."
Taichi: "You'll have friends like that soon enough."
Misato: "......Doujima-san...are you going to Gunjou?"
Yuusa: "Yes, it looks that way."
Yuusa: "I was planning......to go to a private school, but..."
Yuusa: "......I messed up on the adaptation exam......"
Taichi: "Fear not. We all did."
Misato: "Yes, yes. Our school definitely doesn't allow bullying, so it's very comfortable."
Yuusa: "......okay."
Touko: "Hey, weren't none of us here when this girl entered?"
Touko: "And she's being far too nice to you. Is she an idiot?"
Taichi: "All who cannot understand Roman should go eat bad ramen in a seaside house."
Touko: "What's that mean?"
Taichi: "What's with you?"
Tomoki: "Stop it......Doujima-san's getting scared, you know."
Hey, hey, you trying to be her knight now?
Surveillance level is now three. Four would indicate a severe hazard.
You think I'll allow this?!
Taichi: "Ah!!"
I collapsed.
My hand reached Tomoki's swim trunks.
Taichi: "Uwaa."
*slide*
Shima Tomoki. Height: 172 cm. Weight: 59 kg. Penis Length: 12 cm.
That organ, equipped with a force resembling that of the brontosaurus ready to face the final evolutionary process, was now exposed before the eyes of a young and helpless girl (and doubly so).
Yuusa: "........................"
Tomoki: "Uu, uwaaaaaa!!?"
Yuusa: "........................"
That pure and innocent girl who'd never seen her father's, now, slowly, without a single change in complexion, and without a single scream......fell down unconscious.
Kirihara ran away somewhere after seeing Tomoki's (newly dubbed) Super Dragon Bogack.
Considering how noisy her mouth is, she's awfully weak.
Misato: ......*muttering*
Miyasumi-sempai nursed the unconscious Yuusa-chan.
Even that sempai was half-disgusted and half-embarrassed, such that her face turned crimson.
Taichi: "Oh no, sorry."
Tomoki: "Be more careful!!"
Taichi: "I'm sooorry."
Tomoki: "......this is the end."
End, end now.
Taichi: "Don't get depressed. Do you think I've forgotten our vow to remain the 'cherry boys' until graduation?"
Tomoki: "That is true..."
His shoulders collapsed.
Tomoki: "Haaa......shall we swim?"
Taichi: "I'll join you."
Taichi: "But that aside, Tomoki."
Tomoki: "What is it?"
Taichi: "It's been bugging me for a while now, but..."
Tomoki: "Hmm?"
Taichi: "Isn't this Sakuraba?"
Tomoki: "......hmmm."
Tomoki: "I guess someone stepped on him during the excitement."
Taichi: "He's alive."
Tomoki: "This guy won't die that easily."
Taichi: "I thought we were one short."
Tomoki: "This is a stupid sea bath."
Taichi: "But it was fun."
Tomoki sighed, agreeing with me.
Tomoki: "......I guess so."
Our fun sea bath ended there.
Miki's wound left a very small scar.
Even so, she was bright and cheerful on the way home.
As if she'd gained something through being hurt.
It was that kind of face.
Misato: "Sorry, I have something to do at school."
Taichi: "Something to do?"
Misato: "The club. I need to set things up."
Tomoki: "You really are serious."
Misato: "......Tomoki's always being sarcastic."
Kiri: "That's not true."
Misato: "Eh, really?"
Miki: "He doesn't say that to anyone besides Miyasumi-sempai, does he?"
Kiri: "That's right. Shima-sempai is admirable."
Tomoki: "Thank you for the compliment, but please stop, it's embarrassing."
Miki: "We made him mad."
Kiri: "......we sure did."
They looked at each other's faces and giggled.
Yuusa: ......*giggle*
Yuusa-chan followed their lead awkwardly.
Misato: "Then let's split up here. Everyone did great today!"
A sea bath......
It wasn't too great for Miki, but that trip was a memory.
Memories make the heart richer.
That's why I said this.
Taichi: "I know you don't like it, but would you try coming to the club tomorrow?"
Touko: "......eh?"
She raised her gaze with an expression of perplexity and indecision.
Those haggard features took on a shade of scarlet, giving an impression both brave and tragic.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
It's nighttime, so I'm writing the manuscript.
I'm not making good progress right now.
Ordinary content.
But, right now I have to keep going.
Taichi: "It's lacking in panache..."
That's right.
I'll have Sempai look at this.
There's no time like the present.
I left my house right away.
Sempai's house.
I tried knocking, but there was no answer.
Taichi: "Sempaaai!"
Still no response.
Taichi: "Your Taichi has come!"
*silence*
Maybe she's not in.
Taichi: "......"
Could she possibly still be at school?
Taichi: "Uwaa, she's here!"
Misato: "Wa! Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "You're overdoing it!"
Misato: "I-I'm sorry."
Taichi: "Haa."
As one would expect, she appeared to have been constructing the antenna.
Taichi: "How can you even get work done when it's this dark?"
Misato: "I was just worried about it......is that bad?"
Taichi: "It's bad."
Taichi: "If you've got the time to do that, please look at this manuscript."
Misato: "Oya, you're done already?"
Taichi: "Only partly. But I want your opinion."
Misato: "Aaah, but it's dark right now......so I can't read it."
Taichi: "That's true."
Taichi: "Forget it then, let's go home."
Misato: "Ah, but......just a little longer."
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai......"
Misato: "Buuutttt..."
Taichi: "Nothing will be gained from rushing this."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "You should be taking your time. Right?"
Taichi: "There's loads of time."
Taichi: "If you hurry it along......it'll just end that much sooner."
Taichi: "Sempai, would you be able to handle that?"
Misato: "......!"
She seemed ready to cry.
My back went numb.
I just realized I'd run my mouth off into a taboo.
Misato: "......I've...been running away, haven't I?"
Taichi: "That's right."
Misato: "You were...able to see that?"
Taichi: "I was."
Taichi: "You're running away, by devoting yourself to your work."
I looked up at the antenna.
Taichi: "Forcing yourself to keep working......in a way that intentionally increases the workload."
Misato: "......so you saw through me?"
Taichi: "I thought that was normal."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "What Sempai is doing...I don't think it's that strange."
Taichi: "There's no such thing as a person who hasn't fled from something."
Taichi: "But to have to flee so desperately like you are, Sempai......it's painful."
Taichi: "My heart can't take it."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "You......should've passed thirty by now."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "Severe Self-Injurious Behavior."
Misato: "............"
The silence of assent.
I just piled on more words.
Taichi: "Working on your own is fine, but if you're being chased into a corner......individually devoting yourself like this is dangerous."
Taichi: "......when you finally lose it...it'll be dangerous, since this is the roof after all."
Taichi: "Do you understand?"
Misato: "I do...understand."
She said, as if alone.
Taichi: "I've been really worried."
Sempai took off her glasses.
She brushed the back of her finger along her tear-filled eyes.
Misato: "I've been so unstable......I made Peke-kun worry about me."
Taichi: "Haha......that's a rude way to put it."
Misato: "Ahaha."
Misato: "I'm surprised to hear that from you."
I wiped her tears.
Misato: "......thank you."
Taichi: "Don't mention it."
Misato: "But......everyone's split up now......it's like the club's evaporating."
Taichi: "I'm not evaporating."
Misato: "But, you......your motives seem impure."
She found out.
Taichi: "Well..."
Misato: "But it's true that I might have been obstinate."
Taichi: "Besides, strictly speaking you weren't alone, were you?"
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Here."
I showed her the wrapped object I picked up under the water tower just a moment ago.
Misato: "Snacks?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Taichi: "But the inside is curry bread."
Misato: "............ah."
She noticed that and covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Lately, she's been pretty nervous, and won't show her face much."
Taichi: "That idiot can't stand watching her friends get cornered."
Taichi: "So she just brings this curry bread."
Misato: "But Peke-kun seems happy about it."
Taichi: "Are you going to eat it?"
Sempai nodded slightly.
Together, we ate the curry bread.
Taichi: "......now then,"
Since it's before noon, the air temperature isn't that high yet.
I went to the roof alone.
I looked up at the antenna and the iron tower holding it up.
This certainly isn't......a job that can be done alone.
Since we're amateurs, the antenna looked rather distorted.
Its form was like a monster of wavelength and directionality.
Taichi: "Now,"
I got to work.
Even so, I had virtually none of the specialist knowledge necessary for this.
But it's fine.
I'll ask Misato-sempai about it all later.
Taichi: "This......should go......in here..."
......
............
..................
Taichi: "Damn, I don't get this."
Kurosu Taichi is slightly unfamiliar with the conveniences of modern life.
Tomoki: "......what are you doing?"
Taichi: "Oh, I figured if I did this then she'd say 'Peke-kun, you're amazing!' or 'I'm so moved!' or 'I'm getting wet' and kiss me......or something. Yo, Tomoki-sensei."
Tomoki: "She's not going to kiss you."
Tomoki: "This for the club?"
Taichi: "Yep, yep."
Tomoki lazily sat down on the ground.
Tomoki: "Here."
Taichi: "Oh, thanks."
Canned juice.
Though it wasn't all that cold.
Tomoki: "......Taichi...why are you so eager to do this?"
Taichi: "Oh, a serious youth-flavored question."
Tomoki: "You're making no sense or seaweed."
Taichi: "That joke was hilarious."
Tomoki: "Hey, hey, don't evade a question you brought upon yourself."
Tomoki pulled out a postcard.
Taichi: "You say I brought it on myself, but it was someone else's hands that mailed that."
Tomoki: "......why are you working for the club?"
Taichi: "Can I ask something too?"
With a serious face.
Tomoki: "Mm?"
Taichi: "It has to do with......you and your nee-san. Are you okay with that?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "It's a serious question."
Tomoki: "......okay. What?"
Taichi: "Yeah..."
I pushed out my question a little stiffly. 
Taichi: "Why do you, a person from Kantou, sometimes use 『nan?』 for 『what?』 and 『sou yan』 for 『that's true』 like part of some pseudo-Kansai dialect?"
Tomoki: "That question has absolutely nothing to do with Aneki!!"
Tomoki: "I'm going home......"
Taichi: "Woah, woah, hold up a minute. Rome wasn't built in a day."
Tomoki: "Thank you for depressing me, Taichi-kun."
Taichi: "Yep. My conversations always take the scenic route."
Taichi: "In other words...think about it, doesn't having an objective give a person something to live for?"
Tomoki: "......something to live for."
Tomoki: "Once basic needs are met, that sort of thing might be nice."
Taichi: "That's why I was enamored with this."
Tomoki: "'This'?"
Taichi: "Youth Group Grafitea."
Taichi: "What flavor do you think this has?"
Tomoki: "No, that's not tea."
Tomoki stood up and circled the antenna.
Tomoki: "So......that's it?"
Taichi: "It's nice to have something to do."
Tomoki: "......we do have something. Like looking for materials."
Taichi: "At the very least, this club has hope."
Tomoki: "You might only be able to confirm your despair, you know?"
Taichi: "There's the hope that we can confirm despair."
Tomoki: "......I can't understand how you think, Taichi."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Tomoki: "Why do you seem to be enjoying this so much?"
Taichi: "He-he."
Tomoki: "Truly, unbelievable."
Tomoki wiped his eyes with his arms.
Tomoki: "All I know......are the materials used in wiring mobiles and antennas."
Taichi: "Then help out."
Tomoki: "That's it? At least pretend to feel a little more gratitude than that."
Taichi: "Idiot, I'm crying on the inside. My tears are even bitter."
Tomoki: "It doesn't look that way."
Taichi: "It's lame for two guys to get damp with each other's tears, so go do that with your nee-chan."
Tomoki: "You're horrible!"
Taichi: "Now, if you've made that decision then hurry up and work! The planned broadcast day is tomorrow."
Tomoki: "Yeah, yeah."
Tomoki: "Then I'll go procure some materials."
Tomoki: "......Taichi?"
Tomoki's feet stopped in front of the door.
Taichi: "Nn?"
Tomoki: "I thought you'd tell me to make up with Aneki no matter what, but instead you tell me to help her out as a brother."
Taichi: "Oh no, sibling rivalry is part of a healthy life. I wouldn't stop it."
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "The point being, I was telling you to help me out."
I stuck out my chest.
Tomoki: "......aren't you a big shot."
Taichi: "I'm the overlord of all adaptation coefficients over eighty."
Tomoki: "......even if you're an overlord, I'll still be your friend."
Tomoki: "Because I don't dislike that."
He disappeared into the school building. As if running away.
Taichi: "'Because I don't dislike that'......huhu!"
When Tomoki said that, for a moment his face was as red as the limits of humanity would allow.
Taichi: "Don't say it if you're going to get embarrassed. Seriously."
I looked up at the antenna.
Taichi: "But, this should get it progressing a bit."
An enjoyable farce of a club.
This could become a precious memory.
So that someday, I'll see enjoyable dreams---
Surely.
Forever.
So I can feel thankful.
I am fighting.
And then, Sunday.
The roof.
All the preparations had been made.
Taichi: "Good job."
Misato: "......you too, Peke-kun."
Sempai was a little weary.
That's why I informed her.
Taichi: "It's not over yet."
Misato: "......it isn't?"
Taichi: "We'll have to keep maintaining this broadcast channel."
Misato: "......"
Misato: "That's true."
Taichi: "Put 'er there."
Misato: "Okay."
A handshake.
Sempai collected her tools, leaving them to one side, and looked up at the antenna.
Misato: "We'll be able to broadcast."
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "Though we can't say everything will go well just because we broadcasted."
I think so as well.
But it wasn't meaningless.
Even if she only wanted to keep moving.
She simply can't keep our hearts in balance without doing something.
I'm that way too.
But my reason is a little different from everyone else's---
Misato: "Peke-kun, did you finish the manuscript?"
Taichi: "Y-yes, I did......"
Actually I hadn't.
Sempai smiled widely.
Misato: "Then, please be the DJ."
Taichi: "Eh?!"
Misato: "We won't have time to rehearse or do any retakes."
Misato: "So I'll leave it to you."
Taichi: "O-okay."
That might actually be convenient.
After all, the manuscript is just blank paper.
I'll have to come up with something appropriate.
Tomoki: "Taichiii, could you help me carry this equipment?"
Taichi: "O-kayyy."
When Tomoki came up, he took one look at Sempai.
Misato: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
They avoided each other's eyes.
But it wasn't as prickly as before.
For now, that's enough.
Later on, they'll be able to live with each other's faces no matter what happens.
Time is all we have. Too much time.
From then on we carried up the equipment.
In order to monitor from the roof.
The point of this was to allow the pilot broadcast to be live from the roof.
Taichi: "That Raba, of all times for him to be heartily skipping school."
Tomoki: "......wasn't he supposed to start today?"
Taichi: "Yep. That idiot."
Sakuraba: "Couldn't agree more."
Taichi: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Sakuraba: "......"
Taichi: "Owa! Sakuraba! What are you doing here!?"
Sakuraba: "Friendship asks for---"
Taichi: "Nothing at all."
Gu!
We laughed invincibly with our thumbs up.
Tomoki: "This is not the place to use that phrase."
Taichi: "It's been a while, Raba."
Sakuraba: "Mm."
Touko: "......guh...the three idiots."
Taichi: "Oh."
Touko and the others came too.
Yes, the others.
Behind her were Miki and Kiri.
Miki: "Foooood mooornnniiinnng!" NAT
She raised both hands in the air energetically as she screamed.
That loud voice made Kiri's eyebrows narrow and her shoulders curl up.
There was a picture for this.
Titled "The Status Quo of Seven People."
Something we should have lost.
Misato: "Peke-kun, what is this?"
Sempai pulled the edges of her clothes to straighten them.
Taichi: "Well, I struck a bit of a bargain."
Misato: "Struck a bargain......but, Peke-kun, but?"
Taichi: "I'm a super director, so that went well."
Misato: "......"
Sempai looked ready to cry.
She was silent for a whole minute.
Then, finally,
Misato: "All members have assembled, right?"
Taichi: "Yes, Boss."
All personnel assembled.
Will this opportunity ever come again?
No, I just have to maintain this unity from now on!
......yeah right.
I can't do such a thing.
That's why,
Just for now,
I'll make memories.
Taichi: "Attention."
I raised one hand and called out to everyone.
Taichi: "Now, to celebrate the reconciliation of the Broadcasting Club, we shall now recommence our attack on the bread shop."
Tomoki: "Why would we do that?"
Sakuraba: "I thought you'd say that, so I came prepared to devour curry bread."
Tomoki: "Don't lie."
Misato: "By 'bread shop,' you mean that former yakuza place(*)? Can we win with only seven people?" 
*The Tasaki Shop
Taichi: "You're not seriously investigating the matter either."
Tomoki: "But it's definitely been a while since we were all together."
Touko: "......why are you looking at me?"
Sakuraba: "That's because you're a traitor who never bothered to show up at the club."
Taichi: "We don't want to hear that from you."
Tomoki: "We don't want to hear that from you."
I left a pause before countering (with violence) using my Fist of Extreme Bloodletting Power.
Sakuraba sunk silently.
By the way, the roles assigned to each of the three men are:
Sakuraba = Funny Man
Tomoki = Straight Man
Taichi = All-Rounder
That's how it turned out.
Taichi: "I am the one to disentangle her heart with the power of love."
Touko: "Don't hug me!"
Tomoki: "......she really doesn't like that, you know?"
Taichi: "But her body's honest."
Touko: "I'll boil you!"
I ignored the elbow strikes bouncing off my head.
Miki: "Kirihara-sempai!!"
Miki hugged Touko's butt.
Touko: "Uyaa!!?"
Her scream was in a high octave.
Miki fondled her butt.
Touko: "St-stop that, Yamanobe!"
Miki: "So soft......too soft......"
Taichi: "Kirihara, only your figure is the best!"
Touko's face tightened.
Touko: "Let go! Don't touch me!!"
Miki: "Sempaaai."
Tomoki: "A sexual harassment group."
Sakuraba: "Yeah."
Touko: "Stop looking and do something!"
Sakuraba: "This is civil non-intervention."
Touko: "What about the police!?"
Misato: "Kirihara-san, have you been feeling better lately?"
Touko: "Do something about these two monkeys before starting a casual conversation."
Misato: "But those kids are living on instincts, so we can't do anything about them."
Touko: "Just talking peacefully......hey, wait, where are you touching!!?"
Touko: "Ah! Yan! Wa-......stop it already!!"
She started crying.
Taichi: "Ah......"
Miki: "Ah......"
We hurriedly stepped back.
Sakuraba: *sob*
Taichi: "Why are you crying!?"
Sakuraba: "But Kirihara's crying, isn't she?"
Miki: "So crying is contagious."
Sakuraba: "Super painful."
Tomoki: "You really do march to a different drummer."
Taichi: "Anyway, I'm sorry, Kirihara."
Touko: "............are you......an idiot?"
She slapped my back.
Taichi: "Ouch!"
It hurt like a whip.
Well, it's natural recompense......
Kiri: "......haa."
Kiri turned the other way and sighed.
Taichi: "Come on, I'll give you candy."
Touko: "......I don't care."
I grabbed her jaw and pushed in the candy by force, along with my fingers.
Touko: "Nnnnnn!!?"
Taichi: "Now taste the familiar flavor of a mother."
She tried to run away, but I wouldn't let go of her jaw.
Touko: "Nn!......Nmu! Nn!...*lick*......"
Taichi: "Oooone, twoooo......nooow then, I wonder how many we can fit in this cute hole of yours?"
Touko: "Nnnn! Nmu! Nnn, nn......hu!......nn......"
Taichi: "If you don't like it, why not bite down on my fingers?"
I could make out faint enmity in her open eyes.
But, as I rubbed around her mouth and pulled on her tongue, her eyelids closed shut.
Touko seemed to be sensitive on the inside of her mouth.
Taichi: "Threeee, fouuuur......heh heh heh heh, there, there."
I pushed into the back of her mouth, thoroughly infringing on her.
Touko: "Nku! Nn...*lick*......Nhu! Nnnn......---!!"
Taichi: "Heh heh heh, aren't they sweet?"
Misato: "Awawawawa."
Miki: "Ero Ero Essaim Ero Ero Essaim......" 
Google says that's the correct way to spell it.
Tomoki: "Ta-Taichiii, you can't do that, it's just too perverted (reverting to infancy)."
Kiri: "Th-that's why......I've been saying......this person is dangerous......"
Sakuraba: "To me it's just a part of 'give me candy.'"
With one exception, everyone was trembling violently.
Taichi: "Heh heh heh......ha!!?"
My intended apology became bullying!?
Taichi: "Ah, sorry, sorry."
I released her.
My fingers slid back, pulling out a thread of saliva.
Touko: "......nn, an!......"
Touko staggered away from me.
Taichi: "Well anyway, now that you've taken your daily dose of sugar, please live on energetically."
Touko: "Haa, haa......"
It took her a while to regain her senses, but then she glared piercingly at me.
While her mouth was filled with sweets, like a squirrel.
Touko: "......idiot!......Taichi, you idiot!"
Miki: "She has no retort for you."
Taichi: "Mmm."
Kiri: "......a bunch of children."
Misato: "Yes-yes, that's it for the recreation."
Sempai slapped her hands together.
Touko: "......it's not recreation......it's sexual harassment."
She was ignored.
Misato: "Sakura-san, Kirihara-san."
She called to the two estranged friends.
Kiri: "What is it?"
Misato: "Since we're all here, why don't we do this together?"
Touko: "......"
Misato: "There's very little real work left for the club, so you can just watch us to kill some time, right?"
Kiri and Touko.
Their lines of sight crossed just a bit.
These two both stood in delicate positions.
Kiri: "I'm..."
Kiri: "I'm just here because Miki called me."
Misato: "So you can't?"
Miki: "Kiri-chin......"
Kiri: "......I'll stick around until Miki leaves."
Miki: "Aha."
The atmosphere loosened. At least around her.
The other one remained stymied, and her face had grown even more sullen.
Holding her candy-filled mouth with her hands, she composed words.
Touko: "I came because Hasekura-sempai told me to!"
Touko: "But......since she doesn't seem to be here......"
She's trying to leave.
I grabbed her arm.
Taichi: "Umm, that was my-"
Touko: "Haa?"
Taichi: "I thought you just might come if she asked you by name..."
Touko: "I'm leaving."
Taichi: "Well, well..."
Touko: "If I'd been called here by you I wouldn't have come in the first place!"
Taichi: "Don't get mad now."
Touko: "You're always doing things like that whenever it's convenient for you! Just like that time!"
Touko: "Teasing and making fun of people...making them your toys...you enjoy that, don't you!? But why don't you try thinking just a little about my feelings!? Don't you dare think that just because you aren't getting hurt, no one else is!!"
Miki: "A quarr......"
*Quarr = Mikian for a lovers' quarrel.
Tomoki: "Shouldn't we stop it?"
Sakuraba: "Taichi, I desire candies."
Misato: "You never change, Sakuraba-kun."
Kiri: "I get the feeling only the club president can stop this."
Misato: "I-I guess you're right."
Misato: "Ummm......"
Misato: "Hey you."
Touko: "○＆□％▽×◇＄＃---!!"
Sakuraba: "It appears that the effect was zero."
Misato: "Gu......"
Hopeless. It seems I'll have to get this under control myself.
Taichi: "Touko."
Touko: "What!?"
Taichi: "I love your angry face."
Touko: "What...are you saying?"
Taichi: "So why don't we have even more friendly fights like this in the future?"
Touko: "........................"
Touko exhaled deeply, her will collapsing.
Touko: "......fine. I'm tired anyway."
Taichi: "So you understand?"
Touko: "I said I'm tired. Can we hurry up with the club?"
Taichi: "Don't leave."
Touko: "......do as you wish."
Assent and understanding.
I pulled her by the hand back to everyone.
Touko kept looking down, saying nothing.
Taichi: "Captain, though I'm not sure how, I've succeeded in reproducing our lost days as a club."
Misato: "Ha?"
Taichi: "It's only patchy at best, but I've finished the renovation of these human relationships."
Misato: "Ha? Haa."
An unsatisfied face.
It's only natural. Each of these girls has distinct points of view.
Misato: "Anyway, we haven't all gathered together in a long time."
Taichi: "Yessir."
Having all seven of us here felt nostalgic.
This was the start of our club.
Misato: "Peke-kun, can I let you handle the preparations?"
Taichi: "Yes, leave them to me."
Taichi: "But first, I have to go to the bathroom and get rid of a small-"
Touko: "Shut up and go, you idiot."
Taichi: "Hmmmph."
I'll harass you again later.
Sakuraba: "You're thinking of getting back at her with more harassment later, aren't you?"
Taichi: "I'm-I'm not thinking that far ahead!!"
Taichi: "Fuii."
I used the girls' bathroom to alleviate some frustration.
This is the room Touko's always using.
Taichi: "Huhun."
Feeling victorious, I washed my hands.
She was reflected in the mirror.
My hands stopped.
Taichi: "Youko-chan?"
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "So you did come to school. I see you're preternatural as always."
Youko: "Are you enjoying that farce of a club?"
I didn't think she would answer me, so I was surprised.
Taichi: "......it's no farce; it's a real club."
Youko: "But it has no meaning."
Taichi: "That's not true."
Taichi: "It's got plenty of meaning. For me, and for everyone else."
I smiled.
Yes, that club is truly meaningful.
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "You're not the type to sit still at home."
Taichi: "So, did you come out just to be sarcastic?"
Youko: "I'm not......being sarcastic......"
Her voice was crestfallen.
Taichi: "You even wore the uniform."
Taichi: "Since you're here, why not participate?"
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "It really is a club. We're about to start broadcasting."
Youko: "You can't do anything with that toy."
Taichi: "It's to comfort us, obviously."
Youko: "There's no meaning."
Taichi: "There's meaning in comfort."
Youko: "......I'll pass."
Taichi: "What if I clung to your shirt and begged you to participate?"
Youko: "I'd go."
It was simple.
Taichi: "......"(thinking)
Taichi: "What if I importuned you to give me the panties you're wearing right now?"
Her hands entered her skirt.
Taichi: "Aah, actually that's okay."
Youko: "......"
Her movements stopped.
Am I the main character of some ero game?
Why note just simplify things and just say Hentai/H Game.
Taichi: "Then......it's okay if you just come and watch from a distance. Since you hate people."
Youko: "I don't hate them......I'm just uninterested."
She said casually.
I want to say casually instead. Cooly isn't really a word.
Even so, she's forcing herself to talk with all her strength.
She won't even tell other humans things they need to know.
Taichi: "But you are here, right when we're about to have our event, so why not participate with us?"
Youko: "......nn."
She nodded slightly and left the girls' bathroom.
Taichi: "Still..."
I'm impressed she noticed I went into the girls' bathroom......
She really is a super kunoichi.
I left the bathroom.
Taichi: "Come to think of it, did you know that if you split up the kanji for 'woman' you get the characters that spell 『Kunoichi』?"
Miki: "First time I've heard of it."
She passed by me on my way out of the bathroom.
Taichi: "Umm......would you mind keeping it a secret that I entered the girls' bathroom?"
I clung to her sleeve.
Miki: "That's a good question...whatever shall I do...?"
Taichi: "Especially from Kirihara."
Miki: "Then it's okay if I tell Kiri-chin?"
Taichi: "Aaan! You can't do that either!"
Aren't those two the foremost cold-blooded girls in my school?
Miki: "Miki wants to eat nata de coco."
Taichi: "Well, I can get you agar."
Miki: "Then I'm going to open my mouth big and wide right here, right now..."
Taichi: "Mercy!"
Taichi: "Hello, hello."
Misato: "We've just finished setting everything up."
Taichi: "It's time for the super-charismatic DJ, I take it?"
Sakuraba: "That is to say, a super goose......"
Taichi: "Have at thee!!"
Backward Roundhouse Kick.
Since you accepted my MMORPG weapon, a move should be consitant as well.-(fuck it, you already know who's adding these notes tonight)
Sakuraba: "Gufu!"
Taichi: "How dare you say such things in front of these maidens!!!?"
Tomoki: "They all know it already."
Sakuraba: "......that hurt bad."
I didn't respond to the resilient Sakuraba.
Misato: "Oookay, the third-rate comedy ends here. Now let's get started."
All Three: "Yeees."
The men moved out hesitantly.
Kiri stayed back and watched over everyone.
Without Miki, she's isolated and has nowhere to be.
Taichi: "Hey!"
Kiri turned away without answering.
Irritated, she planted her heels firmly.
For crying out loud......
Miki: "Back."
Miki returned.
She naturally stood by Kiri.
These two.
Kiri looked like a protector, and it was true Miki was at the core of her attention.
It was the exact opposite of a relationship where they simply observed and supported each other.
Their arrangement made me feel something controlling.
My heart rustled.
But right now I have to think about the broadcast.
The manuscript only has an introduction.
Come to think of it, I can't see Youko-chan anywhere.
She said she'd participate, so she ought to be here somewhere.
I searched.
There were six things actively moving within a twenty meter radius.
But just beyond that, I felt a slight incongruity.
The water tower.
Taichi: "There she is."
As I feared, she was hiding atop the water tower.
A small shadow was barely moving.
That was her.
A movement no greater than a quiver.
But no matter how slight the motion, I could see it.
In this dreary world, I'd become more sensitive than anyone.
Vampires fuckin'. - Spin
Taichi: "She really does have no interest."
Tomoki: "Eh? What?"
Taichi: "Aaah, I wasn't saying that to Tomoki." 
Taichi: "Now, broadcast, broadcast."
Miki: "Is there a name for the channel we're broadcasting on?"
Misato: "Nnn, we never decided that."
Sakuraba: "May I?"
Yea, that hyperliteral thing again. I know it says "yes" in Japanese but it just doesn't make sense in English.
Misato: "Go ahead Sakuraba-kun."
Sakuraba: "Terror Hell Broadcast Channel."
Misato: "Ei!"
Bogu!
The president's punch sunk into Sakuraba.
Misato: "Rejectedddd. Anyone else?"
Sakuraba: "That hurt..."
Tomoki: "You really are an idiot."
Sakuraba: "But, but, doesn't that have impact?"
Taichi: "Then just try saying 'bam, bam' wherever appropriate."
Tomoki: "Yeah."
Taichi: "Super ninja."
Misato: "......"
Miki: "Sexual Harassment Bushido."
Sakuraba: "Bewitchingly Lewd Beauty, by Vague ***** Dream."
Tomoki: "Broadcast Club."
It seemed the directionality of this conversation had been set by the first idea.
Taichi: "Super Ninja."
Miki: "Spin-Spin-Pow Broadcast Channel."
All persons at that location poked Miki in an obligatory and businesslike manner.
Miki: "Owowow......that hurt......"
Misato: "Impenitence is prohibited."
Miki: "I'm not doing that..."
I toed the mark again.
Taichi: "Super ninja."
Tomoki: "Is that your only line......?"
Sakuraba: "What kind of ninja?"
Taichi: "You might say...ultra super, mega future..."
I explained with gestures.
Taichi: "She can jump walls ten meters high. And, she swings around her beloved sword Kogarashimaru."
Tomoki: "Will she kill the evil magistrate?"
That was so boring.
Taichi: "Yeah."
Taichi: "She also kills village girls."
Tomoki: "She's a psychopath!"
Sakuraba: "......psychopath."
Misato: "Rejected."
Tomoki: "Put a little effort into your ideas."
Sakuraba: "That's hard."
Misato: "Please move away from the negativity."
Sempai screamed through a megaphone (she had one).
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Taichi: "Mimimi-sempai's Pink G-Spot."
Misato: "One-two!"
Bogu!
I was hit.
By a beautiful mid-level straight punch.
Taichi: "Oufu!"
Misato: "Don't you think vulgar names are intolerable?"
Taichi: "Oui." (French)
Sakuraba: "Let's make The Flowers the DJs."
Taichi: "EEH!?"
Miki: "We need to ask Kiri-chin."
Taichi: "Th-that's...wait......"
Sakuraba: "It should be a gal."
Taichi: "Yeah."
I understand, but,
They're unskilled.
Miki: "In that case,"
She ran.
Miki: "---"
Kiri: "---"
She returned.
Miki: "She says, 'Save the nonsense for after death, you porgies.'"
Sakuraba: "Hu!......harsh as always."
Sakuraba wiggled happily. That's because he's a masochist.
Taichi: "What's a porgy?"
Misato: "She must mean the Japanese Black Porgy. It has a weird face."
Sakuraba: "Weird face?"
Misato: "Something like this."
Taichi: "Damn it Kiri, be cautious of your chastity when walking the streets at night!"
Kiri: "......(hmph)"
Taichi: "Grrr, that girl...!"
Tomoki: "Well, well..."
Sakuraba: "Hey, somehow I've gotten tired."
Misato: "You're saying that?"
It's true there was a sense of war weariness floating around.
This is what happens when a bunch of people bankrupt in personality have an exchange.
Taichi: "That's right, what's Kirihara's opinion?"
Touko: "Ha?"
Taichi: "You are a club member after all, so say something, you pig."
Touko: "Hmph."
She exhaled from her nose as if this was a nuisance.
Touko: "......The Idiots (plural)."
Sakuraba: "You-! You're just making fun of us because you happen to be rich!"
Tomoki: "So are you."
Taichi: "So are you."
At the same time, we delivered the same counter (with violence), knocking Sakuraba into the ground.
Tomoki: "Aren't you also a rich idiot? Now stay down there."
Sakuraba: "......sorry......"
Taichi: "It's true this guy's an idiot, but I can't agree with that idea, Kirihara."
Touko: ......*fuming*
Miki: "It doesn't look like we'll reach a decision."
Taichi: "What's Sempai's opinion?"
Misato: "......good question."
She must agree that we can't leave it in the hands of these idiots.
Sempai folded her arms and thought.
Misato: "Since Peke-kun is the DJ......Kurosu Channel."
Sakuraba: "That's easy."
Taichi: "But it's the only serious one."
Miki: "Plus, it has the name of a guy I like so it's cute!"
Miki: "......that's what Kiri-chin whispered hotly into my ears."
Kiri: "I didn't say that!!!"
Far away, Kiri got angry.
Taichi: "Dammit, Sakura Kiri, I challenge you to a date for hiding the fact that you've been finding me moe all this time!!"
Kiri: "I didn't say that!!!"
Tomoki: "That aside......why not make Kurosu into Cross?"
Misato: "Aaah, the English word?"
When Sempai spoke to him, Tomoki hesitated for a moment.
Tomoki: "......well yeah."
Misato: "Cross Channel? Yeah, that's good."
Her expression remained complex.
Tomoki: "Well, isn't that okay......?"
Misato: "What does Peke-kun think?"
Taichi: "I accept the crowning of my name with ever- exceeding delight."
Sakuraba: "Wait."
Taichi: "My friend, you seem sullen. If I didn't know better, I'd think you had some sullen ulterior motive for complaining about this utterly marvelous naming sense."
Sakuraba: "Not Cross Channel. It should be CROSS†CHANNEL."
Tomoki: "I don't understand......I really don't understand this guy......"
Taichi: "Isn't that a good thing?"
Tomoki: "How does that make any sense?"
Sakuraba: "Have some faith."
Taichi: "I'll admit, coming from you, that's a pretty good idea."
It's decided.
The grand opening of the Gunjou Institute broadcast channel: CROSS†CHANNEL.
Taichi: "Okay, Tomoki, broadcast! Light the fire in the boiler!"
Tomoki: "There isn't one."
Sakuraba: "Full starboard."
Tomoki: "Is this a ship?"
For some reason Tomoki's comebacks were all businesslike.
Touko: "The idiot trio."
She whispered with irritation.
Taichi: "If we weren't all idiots, we wouldn't have all gathered here."
Touko: "?"
Misato: "It would be nice......if it really was everyone."
Sempai exhaled melancholy.
Taichi: "Anyway, Kirihara, since you're here, be sure to get wet over the fluency of my speech."
Touko: "......too stupid."
Touko turned the other way and put a candy in her mouth.
She chewed it to pieces.
Taichi: "Are you embarrassed?"
I peeked at her face from below. The distance between our lips was five centimeters.
Touko: "Kyanooooooo!!?"
Touko fused 『Kyaa』 and 『Nooo』 into a novel scream while beating her fist into someone's face.
Taichi: "So, shall we begin?"
Miki: "Good thing this isn't a medium which sends pictures."
Taichi: "I couldn't agree more."
That way no one would be able to see the mark of the blow.
I sat in front of the readied mike.
A nice breeze this evening.
It was gently sweeping the roof, and taking away the remaining wisps of heat.
I braced myself.
I looked toward Youko-chan, giving her a thumbs-up.
Youko: "......"
She returned the gesture immediately.
Misato: "......Hasekura......san?"
Only the president noticed our exchange.
Taichi: "Yeees."
Taichi: "All the members are here."
Misato: "Peke-kun......did you?"
Taichi: "Though it's certainly a farce of a club,"
Unsubstantial,
Lazy and idle,
It was a deception I could do nothing about.
Taichi: "The time we have right now is an important thing."
Misato: "......"
Sempai froze up, and stood still in that spot.
Misato: "Then, I'm just......"
Misato: "With such noble reasons......!!"
Taichi: "I'm telling you, it's fine, don't worry about your true intentions."
Taichi: "Everyone's in the club. That's the end of it."
Misato: "I......"
All the members are here.
Everyone is right here.
That doesn't simply mean that all the members of the Broadcasting Club are here.
The remains of friendships, formed atop many lies and deceits.
That sort of thing would, just a little bit, for those of us who live in this world, extend our lifespans and the time limit on the breakdown of our hearts.
Tomoki: "Go ahead, Taichi."
Miki: "Six o'clock in five, four......"
Miki closed her mouth, and counted down on her fingers.
Three.
I'd been dreaming.
Two.
About a daily life befitting normal school kids, in just such a self-involved club.
One.
If I have the memory, that's enough.
Zero.
I'm satisfied---
I took a deep breath.
I released the manuscript.
The evening breeze, with its summer scent, stole away those papers as if pulling a prank.
Misato: "Ah!?"
The manuscript stretched out and upward, scattering the pages apart in mid-air.
Now, the broadcast.
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Even if I understand this is pointless,
I want to live on while clinging to it.
And then, I pushed out words.
Which level of translation notes would you like?
- Display all
- Display only for uncommon terms (Recommended)
- Display none
The Broadcasting Club campout.
Us first-years are advancing up a grade, and the happy third-years are retiring.
A new school year is coming.
With seven new faces.
But actually, eight.
I felt that 7/8 was okay.
She......she'd come the moment I called her anyway.
Just to gather seven people,
The price I paid wasn't cheap.
That was a huge commotion.
Which was one reason why the faculty didn't participate.
These are private club activities after all.
Mischief kept secret from the Institute.
If this was made public, there'd be some noise about it.
But I thought it was fine.
........................
We did our thing, and the campout ended.
All seven of us set off on the road home.
On the way, the sun began to sink.
I had the feeling that we'd been walking for a horribly long time.
For several hours.
Normally, this path didn't even take one hour.
Was it because of fatigue?
No one said anything.
A world of only seven sets of footsteps.
An abnormally quiet mountain path.
Even the sounds of the insects didn't reach our ears.
Even the air felt cold.
Even though it was summer.
Although it was dark, I could still see.
I could see the path.
I've always had good night vision.
Around the time when I started wondering if I'd taken a wrong turn, we finally arrived at the town.
Humanity had been annihilated.
RETTS 3
Taichi: "Yes yes yes yes!"
I flew out of the house with great vigor.
Having been on standby behind the door, building up my power, I flew way, way up.
Taichi: "Yes, thank you!"
Normally, I'd do some shameful 'play' here.
Commuting salarymen.
TLN?
I don't think it's necessary. -Shiki
Graceful students. 
Gatherings of great-great-grandgals on their way to school.
Even though all those people would be covering me all over with their lukewarm gazes,
There's no one here.
Taichi: ......*sigh*
So it really wasn't a dream.
Taichi: "Nnn."
No.
It's far too soon to decide that.
For you to decide that.
Taichi: "Huhu!"
I covered my mouth.
Humanity's annihilation?!
Taichi: "Uhuhuhu! Huhu!!"
I laughed heavily.
For humanity to be annihilated now, of all times?
This is the 21st century.
That's just too hackneyed.
Even if the unsinkable Japan goes under, the Japanese islands won't.
Taichi: "Now then,"
After laughing for some time, I suddenly became calm.
Getting excited without anyone around is ineffectual.
Taichi: "That's it. I'll go see Yuusa-chan."
The day cannot begin without seeing the face of the pretty little girl living nearby.
I went to the nearby Doujima house.
Taichi: "Yuusa-chaaaan, heeey!"
I knocked on the door. There was no answer.
Taichi: "Are you in there!?"
That's right, the doorbell.
Their doorbell had a security video feed on it.
I pushed it.
No sound.
Taichi: "......ah, that's right."
The power was out.
Televisions,
Phones,
Vacuum cleaners, refrigerators,
Nothing.
I pounded on the door.
Taichi: "Mother-in-law-samaaaa?"
Taichi: "Yusa-yusaaa!"
Taichi: "I'm here for your ojou-saaan!"
Taichi: "Mamaaa......"
Taichi: "Yu......sa......"
I loosened the fist I'd been pounding with and let it fall down to my side.
'came apart' made me think that his hand's rotting away.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
I went to Yoshida-san's house.
Taichi: "Gau!!"
Combat, the wild dog, should be there.
However,
Taichi: "......"
The doghouse was empty.
Taichi: "Even dogs?"
Come to think of it, I haven't even seen a single cat.
Taichi: "Hmmm, hmmm."
Taichi: "This might be a very consistent dream."
If it is a dream, then I don't care.
Taichi: "Guess I'll go to school."
It was my first walk to school in a month and a half.
I looked up. The weather was nice.
Good weather for walking to school.
Commuting pleasure.
The sunlight that reached my eyes was filtered by my white bangs.
Taichi: "I'd wanted to get this cut......"
changed to match a little better cca03- Shiki
Disagreeable.
Partly because of the color, I don't like my hair that much.
Taichi: "Haa."
While playing with my bangs, I set off on the hill-strewn path to school, commonly called the 『School Hills』.
Walking, walking.
At that moment.
Nanaka: "Kyaaaaaaaaaa!!?"
What the-!?
*impact!*
Nanaka: "Kyawawawawawawawawawawawawawa!!!"
Taichi: "Uuorururururururururururururu!!?"
I revolved in the shape of a swastika.
Nanaka: "Brake! Brake!"
Taichi: "Buuuuuuuuuun!!"
Then I changed to a propeller and slammed into the ground.
Taichi: "Guaaaa......"
Nanaka: "Aaah! I'm sorrryyy!"
Taichi: "Obuobuobuobu."
Comic force!?
*comic force = A suprascientific theory of Taichian science combining scalar electromagnetism, the astrophysical theory of aether, flying machines and so on. It simultaneously accelerates and mitigates various physical phenomena.
As a result, manga-like effects unthinkable in classical physics may manifest. Statistically, it occurs often in prideful and youthful personalities, and functions to maintain that characterization.
Taichi: "You trying to kill me!!?"
Nanaka: "Sorryyyy!"
The girl put her hands together.
Taichi: "You virgin..."
I spat out.
Nanaka: "Uhi."
Taichi: "You think you can understand the zeal of those people who had their hopes set on the Messerschmitt defeating the Allies?"
Nanaka: "I don't need to understand that......"
Taichi: "Making people spin like propellers..."
I threw down my pride and turned toward school.
Nanaka: "Ah, wait up!"
She caught up to me.
Then she matched my pace and jumped onto her bicycle.
Nanaka: "There we go."
A wobbly formation.
But still, this virgin......
Nanaka: "Yep. You're calming down this time. Not bad, not bad."
Taichi: "......eh?"
Nanaka: "Taichi's great."
Taichi: "......ha?"
A risky person?
Is she dangerous?
......so am I.
I mean, so are all of us.
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Nanaka: "?"
Taichi: "......geez."
I can't laugh.
Still, who is this virgin?
Any way you look at her---
Girl: "Up we go."
She tried doing a slight wheelie. 
Taichi: "!!!??"
Her panties-!?
My thoughts were cut off.
I'm really weak against sudden erotic events.
In the process, my short term memory of the previous moments was cleanly erased.
What a brain.
Well, whatever.
Nanaka: "Well, it sure is hot."
Taichi: "Because it's summer."
Nanaka: "New term, Monday, new meetings, farewells."
Nanaka: "And then the hokora."
Taichi: "What?"
Hokora?
Nanaka: "When this scene ends there'll be a choice leading to the hokora."
Taichi: "No, there won't be any such choice."
Nanaka: "Heartlesssss."
She seemed ready to cry.
Taichi: "Why do I have to go all the way up to that mountain? I have school you know."
Nanaka: "But there aren't any people at school."
Taichi: "That's not true."
I said calmly.
Taichi: "Since this is a dream, if I go to school everyone will be right there."
Nanaka: "No, humanity's been annihilated."
Taichi: "That's a lieeeeeeeeee!!!"
Nanaka: "No, that's actually the case."
Taichi: "I can't hear you! I can't hear that sci-fi-novel-esque explanation!"
Nanaka: "It's not a sci-fi novel..."
Taichi: "Yes yes, that conversation is over!"
Nanaka: "......every single time, Taichi's mental faculties are different."
Taichi: "Every time?"
The virgin heaved a huge sigh.
Nanaka: "I thought you were being strangely calm about it, but here you are rejecting reality."
Nanaka: "But...it might be a strength that you're not adhering to a specific tendency......"
She grabbed me by the chest (while riding her bike) (skilled).
Nanaka: "That's why I've been laboring every time!"
*wobble* *shake* *wobble!*
Taichi: "Au-au-au!"
Nanaka: "Go to the hokora, go for me!"
Taichi: "No more, no more violence!"
Nanaka: "Will you go to the hokora?"
Taichi: "Yes, I'll go!"
I'm suffering......I might die.
Nanaka: "Is that absolute?"
I nodded twice.
Nanaka: "Very well."
I was released.
Taichi: *wheeze* *wheeze*
It seemed better not to disobey her.
Taichi: "But why the hokora......?"
Nanaka: "Oh no, it's just that, you know, there's a god in that area."
The two of us stared at each other for a while.
Then, at the same exact time,
Taichi: "Wahahahahaha."
Nanaka: "Ahahahahaha."
Taichi: "Wahahahahahahahahahaha."
Nanaka: "Ahahahahahahahahahaha."
Nanaka: "That place happens to be one of his favorites."
Taichi: "Don't continue on like nothing happened."
Nanaka: "Oh no, you should be laughing at this. I'd do the same if someone said that to me with a straight face." 
Taichi: "Then you made that straight face just to make me laugh?"
Nanaka: "Yes, but......this is a bit of a serious topic." 
Taichi: "A god?"
Girl: "Yes."
Nanaka: "It's important."
Taichi: "Why?"
Nanaka: "Just believe me, it's important!"
Emphasis.
It made no sense.
Taichi: "What are you anyway?"
Nanaka: "......did you say 'what am I?'"
Taichi: "Did you think I wouldn't figure it out?"
I made a flourish of brushing aside my bangs. 
Taichi: "Did you really think I would be unable to see right through you!?"
Nanaka: "Uu!"
Taichi: "I, Kurosu Taichi, am a young adult candidate who's tasted both the sweets and sours of life. It's going to take more than one young, respectable panty-flashing girl to fool these eyes!"
partial CP
I informed her of that while sticking my thumb up with gusto.
Nanaka: "Flash."
I saw her panties for a moment.
Taichi: "Uoooooooooo!!!"
Taichi: "Uooooooooooooooooooooo!!!"
Taichi: "Bombole!!!"
While blowing blood out my nose, I collapsed.
Nanaka: "So weak......"
Taichi: "Obuobuobu."
I was struck without warning.
Nanaka: "But a nosebleed...are you from an 80's sitcom?"
Taichi: "That was a cheap hit."
Nanaka: "You're the one who tried to pry into my business so suddenly."
Taichi: "Wasn't that a normal question?"
Taichi: "Anyone would ask that if a virgin they'd never met suddenly started talking to them like an old friend."
I stood up.
Nanaka: "It isn't like we haven't met before."
Taichi: "Double negative."
Nanaka: "What are you, AT*K?"
Taichi: "When have we met?"
Nanaka: "......that's a tough question."
The virgin looked far into the distance.
Nanaka: "There's no right way to answer that."
Taichi: "......it's been bugging me for a while, but..."
Nanaka: "Nnyu?"
She said 'nnyu.'
I can't disregard her.
Taichi: "You...you aren't an Earthling, are you?"
Nanaka: "Haa?"
Taichi: "What planet are you from?"
Nanaka: "Earth."
Taichi: "Lies. There's no Earthling like you!"
Taichi: "Why are your movements so fluffy!? Isn't that strange!?"
Nanaka: "Fluffy?"
Taichi: "Somehow......you just seem to be floating, like I can't really grasp you, or your presence feels different...you're just different in some way I can't explain!"
Taichi: "Ha!!? Could you...could you be trying to pull me down to being a captive of that lewd alluring flower petal so that you can suck out my essence?!"
Taichi: "Are you a succubus? Are you!?"
I feared her like a kitten.
Nanaka: "Calm down."
Taichi: "Funa?"
She hugged me.
Taichi: "............"
Nanaka: "You've gotten a bit nervous. There, there."
Tightly.
My face sunk into pressure superior to the softness.
Taichi: "Oooh......"
Taichi: "These very hills are those of a mother. These two hills shall become the cornerstone upon which I can found the Eroman Empire, and their names shall garner fame in all the countries of the world!"
Nanaka: "Don't touch my chest."
Taichi: "My first breasts in so long......"
Nanaka: "I told you not to touch them."
Her knee entered the pit of my stomach.
My body floated into the air.
Taichi: "Oguo......!"
I crawled along the ground.
With the highest clumsiness.
Taichi: "......nnn?"
Nanaka: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "Something..."
These hands of mine which had just performed sexual harassment, I now tried to open and close them in front of my eyes.
Taichi: "Something feels wrong. No, not like that. How should I put it......hmmm."
I no longer understood.
The emotions which had boiled up at the time I touched that girl withered all at once.
As if I'd been castrated.
Nanaka: "......did that hurt?"
Taichi: "No."
You don't have to seriously worry about me.
I stood up.
Taichi: "No, I got to feel something good."
I moved back to my usual fickle and frivolous attitude for now.
Nanaka: "Oh, what's this now? It's only natural for ladies to have them."
Taichi: "A certain kind of kindness and elegance...and it makes one feel the fragrant scent floating out from within...one could say they're a product rarely seen in recent years."
I spoke like some kind of professional critic.
Nanaka: "Undeserved words."
Taichi: "And now that I've calmed down,"
Taichi: "Tell me your name."
Nanaka: "......I didn't tell you?"
Taichi: "All I've heard is that you're a virgin passerby."
Nanaka: "Not that I ever said I was a virgin passerby......"
Nanaka: "I am Nanaka."
Taichi: "I am Taichi."
Nanaka: "I know."
Taichi: "Why do you know my name?"
Nanaka: "See-ker-et♪"
Full of mysteries.
Nanaka: "Why don't we leave it at that?"
Taichi: "Now, back to the main topic......what exactly are you?"
Nanaka: "Bye-byeee."
Taichi: "Hold it!"
I ran to her departing back.
partial CP
Nanaka: "Whatsit?"
Uu! That's a moe word I've never heard before.
There's no doubt its worldwide usage totals just as small a number as that of the phrase 『Irkutsk Mania』.
Taichi: "I would love to make an exception for that pity word and let you get away, but at least come clean about which planet you're from!"
Nanaka: "I'm telling you, it's Earth."
Taichi: "Lies! Your presence is not that of an Earthling!"
I took one of my best karade stances.
Karade is the ultimate martial art.
Nanaka: "Hu hu hu."
She pointed to me with a white fingertip. 
Taichi: "?"
No, to something behind me.
I turned around, and for several seconds the school was in my field of vision. 
No response.
I returned my gaze to Nanaka.
She'd disappeared.
Along with her bike.
Not a phenomenon which could be explained just by the speed of her bike.
Taichi: "............huh?"
The cicadas weren't chirping. A quiet new term. 
After climbing several hills, I reached the shopping district.
There was no sign of anyone.
I could see the Tasaki Shop.
Taichi: "......"
I peeked inside the store with a certain expectation.
But I couldn't feel anyone breathing in there.
Taichi: "......guess they're out." 
Tasaki Groceries has been left empty for a while now.
The owner of this local shop, Mr. Tasaki Goichirou (age 47, single) is an unparalleled railway maniac. 
He often drifted out of the store to go take pictures at some far-off railway line. 
He forces me to look at his pictures every once in a while, but they're not the least bit interesting.
I'm a child of today who doesn't embrace any fantasies about trains.
The store remains open when its owner is gone.
A profligately empty store.
He failed to become employed at Japan Railways in his twenties and sunk to being a Yankee from a past age (this idiocy continued until he was thirty), but after his parents' deaths, his facial features became richer. 
Could it be said that something other than his inheritance changed that fundamentally wild, coarse railway nerd into a decent person? 
Anyway, that man with a current excess of disposable income has one of the few remaining businesses that serves as a local store for the neighboring residents. 
That's why it wasn't rare for there to be no people here.
Come to think of it, my throat's a little dry.
I went to the back of the store and took out a bottle of green tea. 
I took out the notepad and scribbled on it. 
『9／7, Green Tea King, 130￥......Kurosu Taichi』 
Perfectly flat. 
I saw that several other memos had already been put up. 
『9／3, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』 
『9／3, Magnum Litchi, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』 『It was pretty bitter.』 
『9／4, Natural Bottled Pet Water, 140￥......Miyasumi Misato』
『9／5, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／5, Great King Doria, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』  『It wasn't that great.』
『9／6, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／6, Pepper Captain, 110￥......Sakura Kiri』 
Oh yeah, we did buy an awful lot here during the campout.
Taichi: "......"
When we returned from the campout, all the people in the town had disappeared.
Television, radio......all forms of media had gone silent just as utilities such as electricity and water had stopped.
Everyone was paralyzed.
Because right before us was a conflagration of emotions far too heavy to put up on a shelf.
We were tired, and in no mood to talk about it.
We deferred theorizing and split up.
And now today.
The new term.
I'd been trying to attend school normally.
I opened the door.
An isolated presence poured out, caressing my cheeks.
The window seat. 
The girl was resting her chin on her hand. She gave me a single glance. 
Beautiful long hair.
Being maintained by a level of care that could be called paranoia, it was in dangerously good order.
I could tell by close inspection.
Controlled by an iron fist, not a single fray or split end had been allowed.
It's light to the touch, and if I threaded my fingers through it, it'd flow like grains of sand.
The first time I met her, she'd been wearing an invincible armor.
The invisible breastplate of an unapproachable atmosphere.
There must be a lot of reasons.
The fact that this is the Gunjou Institute.
Her shrill, noisy classmates.
Her corpse-like classmates.
Void boys and girls who could only see their own world.
There were very few people who could materialize a respectable conversation with those kids. So few you could count them.
Emotionless guards standing everywhere.
A classroom world caricatured to the point of frenzy.
A crafty and villainous worldview resembling the act of releasing clockwork toys upon a mountain of corpses.
For Kirihara Touko, who lived therein with an adaptation coefficient of forty six, there was a need to protect the remaining fifty four percent.
Self consciousness was maintained by avoiding the company of others.
For that reason, her decision at the beginning of the entrance ceremony was correct.
Touko still resembles who she was back then.
Ostentation, bravado and vanity.
You could say that's all there was to the person known as Kirihara Touko.
Taichi: "Wow, you really came."
Touko: "......"
Her line of sight moved back outside the window. 
With timing that made her intent perfectly transparent.
She was fully prepared to ignore me.
  -Go to the Roof
  -Talk to Touko
Taichi: "......" 
She's the model of a harsh beauty, through and through.
I'll give up on talking to her for now.
Taichi: "Maybe I'll go to the roof..."
I left the classroom.
At the last moment, I felt someone's gaze and turned around.
Touko: "......!!!"
Her hurriedly spun gaze was then released back outside like a javelin.
Taichi: "......"
There's nothing worth pointing out in particular.
I softly closed the door and started down the hallway.
Taichi: "You got here fast." 
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And yet you're in casual wear again?" 
There were virtually no regulations at Gunjou.
If there was any sort of obstacle, it was left to the guards.
There was no need for the students to judge themselves.
Which is why the decision to have a school uniform was practically meaningless.
Even for the one and only Gunjou, they couldn't force a girl at that age to change into the uniform.
It was to distinguish herself from others.
That was undoubtedly Touko's determined resistance.
Taichi: "I'd like to see your moe moe uniform look."
Touko: "......"
Hmmm.
It's rare for a character to be this well-suited to ignoring people.
Touko being in this situation forms a perfect picture.
I sat down in the adjacent seat and stared at her profile.
Forever, without boredom.
Taichi: "......"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Touko: "............"
Taichi: ".................."
Touko: ".................."
Taichi: "........................................................................"
Touko: "......what is it with you!!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "Hey, works of art don't talk."
Touko: "What are you talking about?"
Taichi: "Remain beautiful."
Touko: "That makes no sense!!"
Taichi: "You keep ending your sentences with 'ever so' like some old hag. Now stop talking or you'll ruin the image."
Touko: "Whaaat did you sayyyy!!?"
This is hopeless.
She said, 'Whaaat did you sayyyy.'
The death of a work of art.
Taichi: "*sigh*...I've lost interest."
I tried shrugging my shoulders the same way Americans do when pretending that the oppressive notion of world justice has been thoroughly eradicated.
Taichi: "I grant you the alias 'Destroyer of Art.'"
Touko: "I don't need that!!"
Taichi: "How nice. Picasso was often told the same thing. Guess you won't get anything amazing."
Touko: "I!! Don't!! Need!! That!!"
I whistled.
Taichi: "That's ever so scary."
Touko: "I don't say 'ever so'!!"
Taichi: "Use something other than double exclamation marks all the time."
Touko: "What form of remonstrance is that!!?"
Taichi: "Hu! Hu! Huuu..."
Touko: "Are you mocking me!!? You are mocking me! How dare you-----!!!"
Ignition complete.
Touko: "Isn't a normal conversation proof of friendship? Aren't you just approaching me with the goal of mocking me!? Why is an idiot like you making me look like an idiot!? I can't believe it, I don't want to believe it, I don't want to let it be believed!"
Taichi: "You're burning well."
You're the best.
Touko: "○×△□＄＃％＆○×△□＄＃％＆-----!!"
When I focused my ears with great interest,
Touko's right hand grew hazy.
Ha!!?
*smack!!* 
Taichi: "Gufu!"
An unexpected palm slap. 
I was beaten down.
I fell over on such a grand scale that unoccupied desks and chairs got involved.
Taichi: "Ow-ow-ow-ow."
Taichi: "Just what I'd expect from the martial art, Harakiri Fist. You have no openings."
Touko: "The world I live in is different from the one with piparalies like you in the first place! My being here is a mistake just as all of you being near me is a mistake!"
*Piparaly = Toukoan for people with weak minds.
Taichi: "Isn't that redundant?"
Touko: "-hut it!!"
Taichi: "The hysteria of a non-virgin is painful to watch."
Touko: "--!?"
Her face tightened.
Touko: "Y-y-y......you are......you dare to......say that?"
Taichi: "Is there something wrong 'bout it?"
I played dumb while cleaning my ears.
Touko: "It's not just wrong......"
A slightly muffled voice.
Touko: "It goes far beyond any dimension......"
She slowly raised her head.
Touko: "Get the hell out-------!!!"
I was happily beaten out of the room.
If I open this door, I'll be on the roof.
She'll definitely be there.
Even though I'm only opening a door, I felt myself hesitate slightly. 
The campout I knew all too well had failed.
I'd forced Sempai to rush out into it.
I'd anticipated that it would hurt her.
I'd anticipated it, but I didn't think about it.
And now, here I am again......trying to use Sempai.
For the sake of bringing peace to my heart.
I wondered how I should behave around her. 
But, humans are creatures of mood, and this morning I was in the mood to come here.
That's enough of an explanation for me.
But what will Sempai think?
That bothered me a little.
I twisted the knob and pushed the iron door outward.
The wind blew.
It was blowing at the moment I stepped outside.
But that mysteriously put me in a sunny mood.
A massive water tower was on the other side of the stairs, but in the direction I was facing, a large antenna rose up, sharing the tower's foundation.
Taichi: "......ahh."
An antenna, still incomplete.
Due to insufficient parts and knowledge.
Compensating for that with her optimism, it had slowly taken shape. 
No.
It might've been her pessimism.
That sort of thing happens now and then.
Before the campout.
She was all alone.
I knew that this club was her final bastion to flee to.
And yet again, even now, she's fleeing to that bastion.
Miyasumi Misato. 
And right now, Misato-sempai is standing with the antenna, cradled in the wind. 
Taichi: "Sempaaai!" 
As I called out to her, her fan-shaped hair undulated in the wind. 
A brown cape swimming in the ultramarine sky.
Misato: "Peke-kun?"
If I cleared my ears, I could hear her voice call my name.
Along with the movement of her soft crimson lips.
I may have only been able to hear her whispering in that sudden gust of wind because of the cocktail party effect, but something wouldn't stop giving me visions that I share a peculiarity with Sempai.
A happy hallucination.
I walked up to her.
Sempai was smiling.
My face bloomed naturally.
Our lines of sight followed each other with mutual affection.
And then, as I was enveloped in a womb of soft contemplation, the truth which was made yet more painful by the miraculous and refined nature of Miyasumi Misato became understood even within the deepest reaches of the Mariana Trench.
........................I could see her panties.
I can see them! I can see them!
All of them, all of them, I'm seeing all of her panties!
I must ask someone if I've suddenly traveled to the country of panty-flashes!
She hasn't even noticed!
Reading it in game and the "and" just stuck out
I can't stand this!
Piiiping! Piiiping! (Alarm)
Long live the Republic of Pantyland!
Our wonderful country!
A great country!
Eternally!
Misato: "........................?"
Misato: ".....................n?"
Misato: "............Peke-kun?"
Misato: "Peke-kun? Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Ha!?"
Misato: "Hello? What's wrong?"
Crap, my consciousness flew away again.
Taichi: "Aaah, no, there's nothing abnormal. Yes, perfectly normal all the way down to my nails."
Misato: "But you were drooling."
Taichi: "I'll go commit seppuku."
I took off my shirt.
Misato: "Wait, wait!"
Misato: "Why are you committing seppuku over drooling?"
Taichi: "I've stained Sempai."
Misato: "I don't really understand......"
It's better that way.
Misato: "Anyway, why are you here? Don't you have classes?"
Classes?
I returned to my senses and looked into Sempai's eyes.
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "Ah, I know. You're cutting."
She raised her index finger.
What a girl.
She's the same as always.
Misato: "Am I right?"
Taichi: "Haa...well......"
Her usual thoughts and actions...
She's derailed.
She's not accepting it.
This reality of humanity's disappearance.
Everything else is normal.
Misato: "I can't condone your actions."
Taichi: "............"
Yesterday, when we had split up after the campout...
The impression I'd gotten from her words then was correct.
Misato: 『I'll see you at club tomorrow.』
Such a simple form.
Misato: "Summer break is over and it's a new term now, so we can't have you feeling like a Co** Cola can without the bubbles."
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "It's a virtue of Japanese boys that they attend class with an attitude neither dulling nor slackening on top of pursuing extracurricular activities."
Taichi: "............"
It was as if she could bring herself good fortune by rejecting the opinions of her observers.
She's the only fortunate one.
Misato: "That aside, it's not like there are any classes on the first day anyway, so I'll let it go."
That's right.
If she's happy, that's all that matters.
The person everyone wishes to become isn't always noble or virtuous.
It's not like I'm measured by how much I force my standards on others.
Rather, am I not defective merchandise?
I'll permit it, and cooperate with it.
Her fleeing.
Because she was the one who......when I was all alone......invited me to the Broadcasting Club.
Misato: "Actually, I'm cutting class myself."
Sempai stuck out her tongue a little.
I ordered myself with the full will of my body.
Play the part.
Taichi: "Gyafun!"
Sempai's eyes shrunk.
Her usual smile.
Misato: "Please wait just a moment."
She stepped down.
When her toes touched the ground, we were back to our past selves.
Misato: "Hiiii!"
Taichi: "Sempai, listen to this!"
With my ultimate martial art of karade, I took the stance for a mid-level straight punch.
*Mid-level straight punch = A horizontal punch. Omni-directional attacks are key to karade, and the straight punches are especially good at controlling all regions other than the back. Likewise, there exist up and down karade moves unimaginable in common martial arts.
*Although it's certain that there is no life form on Earth who could compete with such heaven-rending attacks, the prepared have no laments. In the unlikely event such an enemy appeared, karade would be the one and only means of resistance. All the world is a metagame.
Don't worry about the fact that my being on all fours makes this look like a sumo stance.
Misato: "Wh-what is it?"
Sempai also took some incomprehensible stance.
Taichi: "I wanted to start participating in the club I've been skipping all the way up until now!"
Misato: "What did you say!?"
Taichi: "From school swimsuits to Ansco cameras, Kurosu Taichi will support the life of your club!"
Misato: "Just imagining it makes me dizzy!"
Taichi: "Delightful!"
Misato: "Did you think I was complimenting you!?"
Taichi: "I made no effort to understand it any other way!"
Misato: "You're brilliant! In fact you're so smart, I think I might just knock you around until you're back to the usual idiot-chan I know!"
Taichi: "Geniuses and I are merely a paper's width apart!"
We both amused ourselves with this weird conversation and these weird poses.
Yes, now this is a club.
Taichi: "Now, please give an order to me, your love slave, such as rubbing oil on you then giving you a bust massage, or harvesting a field of wild strawberries."
Misato: "Well,"
I got full of myself and ran my mouth off into something perverted.
Sempai is strict about perversion (not that she knows much about it).
Then Sempai smiled wide, as if she was happy.
Did she not notice my sexual harassment just now?
The angel's lips told me, I had felt the mercy of the Holy Father.
Misato: "Be gone from this place."
Taichi: "Laying my hands on Chinese stock was the start of my decline!!!"
I screamed something raw and fresh to the expansive and innocent blue sky on the other side of the fence.
Well, it's not like there are any Chinese folk who can crack a smile because they aren't starving to the point where they need to eat desks.
Taichi: "The antenna seems to be taking shape." 
Misato: "Yes. I've been working hard on it." 
Our conversation naturally continued.
That's how firm the relationship was between myself and Sempai.
It won't break from something like world annihilation.
Taichi: "Is it complete yet?" 
Misato: "......it isn't even close."
The antenna should've been set up by the dealer.
But they just abandoned it here after delivering it.
Misato: "I'm no specialist, so it's probably not as far along as it looks."
Misato: "The structure isn't a problem, but the wiring and tuning are still untouched."
Taichi: "Ah..."
Unfortunately, I had no such knowledge.
Taichi: "......then I guess there's nothing for me to help with other than indecency." 
Misato: "If you help with any indecent things, you'll get suspended."
*rub* *rub*
My head was being petted.
Taichi: "Urukyuuu."
I purred.
Misato: "There, there."
Taichi: "Uuuu, uuuu."
Misato: "All you need to do is keep using those onomatopoeias and mimicries, blush and get jealous so you're easy to understand, and confess your past traumas whenever appropriate, okay?"
Taichi: "I'm going to become incredibly materialistic!"
Misato: "The masses all wish for that."
Taichi: "I hate the masses!!"
Not that they exist anymore.
I snuck a peek at Sempai's hand, and noticed that it was covered in small wounds.
Taichi: "Uwaaa!"
I took her hand.
Taichi: "You're covered in wounds!"
Misato: "Eh, aaah, that's true......"
Taichi: "This is because you're doing it all alone."
Misato: "............"
She looked away as if upset.
Taichi: "Wouldn't it be better to have everyone work on this?"
Misato: "Everyone......"
Sempai lost her words for a moment.
Taichi: "Come on, it's a club. Won't that make you feel better?"
Misato: "B-but won't it be hard to get everyone together-"
Taichi: "We can do it. We just have to use the appropriate pawns to capture them."
Taichi: "Just as the frog takes the slug while suggesting the snake obtain employment to avoid being eaten by it, it is of vital importance to form human society with precise human resources that can strike at the vital points of the task."
Taichi: "Theoretically, you can achieve dominance by placing on the stage pieces you can use via friendship, as long as you're willing to pay their prices."
Taichi: "Of course, there are new requisites mixed in, such as promotion and arrangement of the manager along with the complications of managing obedience to the continuing chart."
????????????????????????SOS?
Taichi: "If you go that far then there will come a need to touch on Machiavellism at some point."
Taichi: "Again, regarding the existence of methods which grant uplift, drama and theatrics through open political deception as recorded in Mein Kampf...
"I would like to refrain from touching on the view that they desired such fortunate hallucinations to be there for them to accept, but for the sake of bringing to fruition my Third Reich..."
Misato: "Hawawa!"
Sempai's body was quivering.
Misato: "Peke-kun seems incredibly malicious......"
Indeed.
Due to recent times desiring unsubstantial loquacity and adapting to our circumstances in order to make us read time-wasting books, I'd already begun playing back like a recording.
Even though I should just be honest in front of Sempai!
At that point I began to trick her.
Taichi: "Aaah! My head!!"
Misato: "Are you okay!?"
Taichi: "It, hurts......okaa-san!"
Misato: "Aaah, hang in there!"
I fell over, into Sempai's chest.
Taichi: "Somehow a super intelligent outer space being called Omrus has just come to eat away at parallelist space history by overcoming the Ergosphere using the wisdom of the Essenes!"
Misato: "I don't really understand, but please remain a good boy!"
Taichi: "Get out! Get out of me!"
Misato: "Get out..."
She joined forces with me.
Taichi: "Uooo."
Taichi: "Huu......you saved me. That resolved the spiritual threat to the universe."
Misato: "That sudden development is very convenient."
Taichi: "Oh no, ha ha ha. Feelings of thanks reach us from the seventh world."
Misato: "A little mysterious......"
Taichi: "And that makes me the usual Taichi."
Taichi exercised to increase Taichi's appeal.
Misato: "Good work."
Taichi: "Now, what shall we do?"
Misato: "Good question...well......"
Misato: "Would you mind getting me something cold to drink?"
Taichi: "Okay!......wait, that's it?"
Misato: "Yes. There's nothing else in particular."
Taichi: "Nnn."
Thinking.
Taichi: "Am I...in your way, by any chance?"
Sempai waved her hands frantically.
Misato: "That's not true at all. It's just......it's something I'm doing by myself."
Misato: "There's no need to involve anyone else."
Misato: "......"
She was silent.
Taichi: "......"
Sempai's club is something only for her.
That sentence passed through the back of my mind.
Misato: "I'm just doing what I love to do." 
Misato: "Same as everyone."
Taichi: "Everyone......they're not all doing what they love, you know?"
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "I think so." 
Touko for instance.
Is there really a need for her to come to school?
When we came back from the campout, and all people had disappeared, we were cut off from civilization,
Without radios or phones or internet,
Unable to use water or electricity or gas,
We don't even know the cause of all this.
We're just a bunch of powerless "boy-meets-girl"s. All we can do is repeat our daily lives.
We can't have adventures or investigations.
Those shouldn't be done.
They'd only paralyze our hearts.
Especially for us, as people of Gunjou.
Under the current situation, the only people who haven't received mental damage......would have to be Youko-chan,
Also......that girl.
......huh?
I don't know.
What I know is,
She's something else, in the same way as Youko-chan.
Just that feeling of something being wrong.
For the 『current』 me, that's the limit.
That aside,
Youko-chan shouldn't be disturbed by something like humanity disappearing.
Taichi: "There's nothing to do besides repeat how we were living up to now."
Misato: "......"
Sempai's face was grave.
I beamed with even greater joy.
Taichi: "That's why I tried coming to school!"
Taichi: "And Harakiri Touko came too."
Misato: "Kirihara-san too?"
Taichi: "She was sitting in her seat, looking around aimlessly."
Misato: "Is that so......?"
Taichi: "Well, Sakuraba and Tomoki will probably show up sooner or later."
Taichi: "Those guys are very nearly healthy though."
Misato: "......that would be nice."
She hesitated a bit, then lowered her eyes.
I could tell she was pushing herself.
She was doing her best to look bright and cheerful.
My heart hurt.
Taichi: "......then, if there's something I can help with, please say so."
Misato: "Ah, yes, I will."
Misato: "Gladly."
Below the summer sun,
I left, leaving Sempai.
I opened the iron door and entered the building.
I turned around to see her watching me go.
The cicadas are noisy. 
Even in this heat.
Those guys are always giving it their all.
Taichi: "Even so,"
What am I going to do from now on?
With the roasting sun above the roof, there weren't many places I could go to cool down.
I tried peeking into a nearby classroom, but as I feared, there was a class in session.
Year 1, Class E. Machiko-sensei is teaching in there. 
Taichi: "......"
I was never able to initiate even a superficial exchange with her.
It was all too normal.
Now she's a stranger.
Anyway, if I keep loitering in the hallways, someone's going to find me. 
In the vacant cafeteria, I bought a meal ticket.
To the club room.
Tomoki was reading a manga magazine.
We made small talk.
In the middle of it, Mammoth passed by and we panicked.
After he moved on,
Tomoki: "That was dangerous." 
Miyuki: "We ought to put a curtain up on the window facing the hallway."
Tomoki: "That's prohibited. The school's onto that trick."
Taichi: "I've got an idea."
Miyuki: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "Aah, I'm well aware of what you both think of me, but this is no stupid joke. This is a seriously good idea."
Miyuki: "What is it?"
Taichi: "Tomoki, start up the machines. And get me a digital camera."
Tomoki: "Haan?" 
......
............
........................
Taichi: "How does that look?"
Tomoki: "Ah, camouflage..."
I taped a full color print titled 『Empty Room』 to the inside of the window glass.
The viewing angle is a little off, but it's enough to fool passing glances.
Tomoki: "Yeah, with this we might not get caught."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
I was proud.
Then Miyuki returned from the bathroom.
Taichi: "How was the bathroom?"
Miyuki: "Aaan!!"
She cried.
Miyuki: "I never even said I was going to the restroom!"
Taichi: "If you come back wiping your hands on a handkerchief, anyone can figure it out!"
Tomoki: "You really-"
Miyuki: "Even if you notice it, please don't say it."
Taichi: "No good! No good! You're too full of openings!"
Taichi: "You can't have too many openings! Nor too few!"
Tomoki: "What kind of standard is that......?"
Taichi: "Guidelines for a proper lady."
Miyuki: "I don't want to be one."
I was amazed.
Taichi: "Wh-what a loose thing to say."
Taichi: "You need punishment, punishment! Punishment! Punishment!"
I circled Miyuki while making noises.
Miyuki: "Uuuu."
Miyuki was afraid.
Damn this plain girl.
That plainness only stoked my fire.
Taichi: "Punishment! Punishment! Punishment!"
So I slowly flipped her skirt.
Tomoki: "H-hey, hey."
Taichi: "If thou art wearing woolen panties, thine sins may be forgiven."
Taichi: "However! If you are insolently wearing something like thin shorts, theeeen-"
Miyuki: "Auuuuu!"
Kiri: "Hii-yaa!!"
This voice?
Taichi: "Gaaa!!?"
Kiri: "You enemy of women!!!"
Was that an axe kick from behind yes it was.
My consciousness slowly muddied......then it revived the moment before departing.
*splat*
If I had passed out, I wouldn't have felt the sharp pain of banging my face into the floor.
Taichi: "......kuu......that hurts...underclassman."
Her glaring eyes forced me to take cover.
Kiri: "You can tell at a glance who's at fault here."
Miyuki: "Uh, umm, and you are...?"
Kiri: "A transfer student just passing by."
Taichi: "Oh, oh, this is a scene to be painted, Tomoki."
Tomoki: "Please, for my sake, don't talk to me like we're friends."
Tomoki coldly distanced himself from me.
Taichi: "Damn you, you hypocrite."
Whatever.
Taichi: "Hey, underclassman, tell me your name before I send you to your grave."
Kiri: "Molester!"
Taichi: "You're replacing me!?"
Tomoki: "Your idiocy is endless."
Kiri: "I'll report this to the teachers."
Taichi: "Ho, the teachers. I wonder which teacher you intend to upset, ozeu-san?"
Kiri: "It doesn't matter who."
Kiri: "Besides, wasn't that sexual harassment!?"
Tomoki: "......I haven't known Kurosu that long, but-"
Tomoki: "I'm glad to say that the number of times I've heard the phrase 'sexual harassment' has increased by leaps and bounds. Thank you."
Taichi: "Don't mention it, my friend. It is a natural virtue."
Kiri: "To flip a girl's skirt in broad daylight...... you're despicable!"
Taichi: "Oooh? Aren't you high and mighty."
Taichi: "So are you going to tell that to the teachers?"
Kiri: "Yes I am!"
Taichi: "Now, I wonder if our heroine-chan of justice has thought about this:"
Taichi: "Why would I be flipping someone's skirt slowly, in front of witnesses and in broad daylight?"
Tomoki: "......didn't you just want to enjoy her reaction!?"
Mid-level straight punch.
Taichi: "And, why this Discipline Board Chairman, Shima Tomoki, made no effort to stop me."
Tomoki: "What!?"
Kiri: "It, couldn't be......"
Taichi: "It can, and it is." 
Taichi: "That is to say, I possess the greatest authority within this institution!!" 
Taichi: "Right, Tomoki?"
Tomoki: "Don't turn to me."
Kiri: "You two...!!"
Tomoki: "Hey!! I'm not part of this!"
Kiri: "Unforgivable. Absolutely, absolutely unforgivable!"
Tomoki: "I'm not even on the Discipline Board in the first pla-!?"
Mid-level straight punch.
Taichi: "Hu-hu-hu."
I stuck my hand into my pocket, closed my eyes as if meditating and with the bearing of a villain,
Taichi: "That is to say, I possess the greatest authority within this institution!!" 
My eyes flashed open along with the ending of the final word.
Tomoki: "You already said that."
Taichi: "......"
Tomoki: "Although I guess the first time you said it was a little too early."
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "I'd been told that the Gunjou Institute didn't allow bullying......"
Miyuki: "Umm, I'm not being bullied or anything."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Miyuki: "These people are always like that. They don't have any bad intentions."
Tomoki: "People? Not person?"
Tomoki was unnerved.
Taichi: "People......"
I was unnerved.
Tomoki: "What reason is there for you to be unnerved by that!?"
Taichi: "I'm no hypocrite!"
Tomoki: "And I have nothing to do with this!"
Taichi: "You think that'll work!?"
During that struggle,
Tomoki: "Lightly-seasoned Machiavellist!"
Taichi: "Siscon Murder Incident!"
Tomoki: "Lower classes, lower income!"
Taichi: "Earth debris!"
Tomoki: "Lone survivor of the stock market crash!"
Taichi: "D-d-d-don't talk about my stocks!!"
Kiri: "Is their friendship breaking!!?"
Miyuki: "Aaaaah......"
Tomoki: "You're the one trumpeting around lies that I'm a professional siscon masturbator!"
Taichi: "You said it! You said it in front of girls! Everyone, rejoice!"
Tomoki: "Since then you've started calling me a professional!"
Taichi: "But it's the truth!"
Tomoki: "What I'm saying is also true!"
Taichi: "Damn you!"
Tomoki: "What did you-!?"
*bop* *bop* *bop* *bop!!!*
And then,
We both self-destructed.
Tomoki: "Uuuuuu."
Taichi: "Gugugu."
We both collapsed face-up in the hallway.
Miyuki: "......should I take you to the health room?"
Taichi: "Wh-what about the ally of justice?"
Kiri: "Sakura Kiri. I'm no ally of justice."
She said while looking down at us.
Kiri: "......also, both of you understand that evil is undeserving of admiration."
Tomoki exploded abundantly.
Tomoki: "I-I have nothing to do with this. It's all Taichi's......"
Tomoki curled up like a beetle larva.
Tomoki: "It's okay. I'll go into seclusion."
He was sobbing.
Miyuki: "That's not......"
Kiri: "She says it's okay, so I'll overlook this ungainliness just this once."
Taichi: "......when my body can move again......I'll remember......what you did to me, Kiri."
Kiri sneered.
Kiri: "Go right ahead."
That was how I met Sakura Kiri.
I found a virgin stooping down on the way back to my classroom. 
It's Miki.
Yamanobe Miki.
Taichi: "Heya."
Miki: "!!?"
Miki stood up.
Nimble movements.
She turned around slowly.
Miki: "Ah, Sempai......hellooo."
She raised her head and greeted me.
Miki gave no indication of being any different.
A slight incongruity.
Was Miki really this strong?
It was in her nature to begin with, but she seemed to be an extra year or two more robust now.
That's what it felt like.
Taichi: "What're you doing?"
Miki: "Cleaning."
Taichi: "I've done cleaning too."
Miki: "With some superficial wordplay you're saying 'farewell speech' or 'geometrically similar.'"
Taichi: "......I didn't say those things!"
Miki: "Why are you mad?"
Taichi: "......"
Miki: "Why are you quiet?"
Taichi: "Don't rush me when I don't have a comeback!!"
Miki: "Yaaay, I wooon!"
She was robust.
Taichi: "Ah, I thought of something."
I cleared my throat.
Taichi: "......I've cleaned humanity."
Miki: "You're the culprit!?"
Taichi: "Haaa!"
We fought each other.
Taichi: "Yo!"
Taichi: "Ho!"
Taichi: "......ha!?"
Taichi: "Oooh!!!?"
One attack hit me in the torso.
Uu, she's strong.
To hit me, one who has mastered karade.
Taichi: "You..."
I got just a little bit serious.
Miki: "Shu!"
One of her pliant legs raised above her hips.
I thought about going after her dominant leg, but then I glimpsed her bare panties.
Attack canceled.
For manly Taichi, there is no choice so effeminate as not looking at panties offered right before my eyes.
  -Look at her panties
  -Look at her panties
  -Look at her panties
Nope, none.
I dropped my hips and lowered my line of sight.
The kick came.
I readied a karade-style mid-level block.
Between my arms, her fingernails softly penetrated my guard.
Taichi: "Huh?"
Impossible.
A hit to the jaw.
Taichi: "Wha...?"
I was speechless.
......
............
........................
Taichi: "Ha!?"
Miki: "Ah, thank God. You're awake now?"
Taichi: "Uu, uuu. How long was I out?"
Miki: "Not even a minute."
Taichi: "Aaah, did I lose to Miki!?"
I hit my knee.
Miki: "Taha."
Miki: "But didn't you let your guard down completely?"
Taichi: "No...that was because there were no other choices for me."
Taichi: "......it probably would've been the same even if my life had been at stake."
Miki: "Your life for panties!?"
Taichi: "Tsk, tsk, tsk."
I wagged my finger.
Taichi: "Seeing panties currently being worn by an inexperienced girl in real life."
Miki: "That's not true......"
Taichi: "As if. Watch this---"
*grab*
My loving fingers grabbed the edge of my beloved pupil's skirt.
But her fingers got in the way!!
Taichi: "Ha!? You blocked it!?"
Miki: "Huhuhu."
Shock.
Taichi: "Hmmm, tell everyone you've earned your license."
I grabbed my knees and curled up like a fried shrimp.
Taichi: "With that, I'll retire, yes."
Miki: "Why'd you say 'yes'......?"
She rocked me back and forth.
Miki: "Shishou, please cheer up."
Taichi: "It's okay. I'll go into seclusion."
Miki: "You've started that again?"
Miki: "......"
Miki: "Even though......it's not at all..."
Taichi: "Oui?"
I asked like a Frenchman.
Miki: "Even though everyone's normal..."
Her voice was shaking unexpectedly.
Taichi: "Miki-Miki?"
Miki: "See, my hands are shaking so much."
Her open hands were sweating, and seemed numb from cold.
Almost as if she was afraid.
Taichi: "......why?"
Miki: "That's because, after seeing Sempai acting so gloomy, cowardly Miki can't help but be worried."
Taichi: "......"
Miki: "So please, cheer up."
Taichi: "Nnn."
Is she comforting me?
Her weird behavior bugs me, but...
Hmmm, isn't she getting fluffy?
Taichi: "Okay, then why don't we tell everyone about your license?"
I punched my palm.
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Take out your notebook."
Miki: "......aah, aah......so that's it." 
Miki: "Haven't done that in a while..." 
She made a truly pained face.
In fact she seems (In fact she seems) like she's about to cry (about to cry). 
I thought it through compoundly.
Miki took out her Matebook. 
That's what they call the notebook which also doubles as the school's identification card and as the #1 popular high-class public bathhouse available behind the train station of this 『City』.
Why is it called that?
It's really just a coincidence.
Miki: "......sun."
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
She's crying.
In fact it seems (In fact it seems) like she's crying (like she's crying).
I thought that compoundly as well.
Taichi: "......so, you were receiving quite a shock?"
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "About the world becoming like this."
Miki: "Yeah......"
There was a slight benefit.
Miki: "That's right, maybe I am."
Taichi: "You would be."
Taichi: "It surprised me too."
Miki: "Sempai too?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Taichi: "Now there will never be an opportunity for me to meet any new virgins at the ages of thirteen or fifteen."
Miki: "Is that what this is about?"
Taichi: "It is."
I took her notebook from her.
Taichi: "You've nearly used up your notebook, Miki. It's falling apart." 
Miki: "Falling apart."
Miki meaninglessly repeated my words as a form of agreement.
As I flipped through the pages, I found my very large signatures already scribbled in the margins. 
This continued over several pages.
It was as if she was collecting my signatures.
I found a blank page and wrote in a new signature. 
This has been how we played with one another for a long time now.
For our own sakes.
I returned her notebook.
Miki took it and held it to her chest.
Tightly.
As if embracing her lost soul.
I even wiped away some of her tears.
Waa...I'm a gentleman.
Miki: "Thank you......"
Taichi: "It was nothing."
I looked around the hallway.
Taichi: "Still, cleaning of all things."
Miki: "I was thinking that moving my body about might help me calm down."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
  -Help her clean
  -Flip her skirt
Taichi: "May I help you with your cleaning?" 
Miki smiled brightly.
Miki: "I refuse."
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaan!"
I was refused!
Cruelly, without hesitation, not even sympathy.
Miki: "Sempai, isn't blood a weakness of yours?"
Taichi: "Eh, well that's definitely true."
Why do you know that?
A black doubt presented itself.
I beat it back down into the abyss in 0.5 seconds.
It's Miki.
My precious, precious......flower-chan.
Miki: "Sempai?"
Taichi: "That's true. I am weak against blood."
Miki: "It's not actually blood, but painting supplies that got scattered around."
Miki: "That's why this cleaning is so hard."
Miki: "Plus, with this short skirt you can see my panties whenever I bend over, and it's hard to get cleaning done while dealing with a stimulated Sempai."
Taichi: "That is undeniable."
She said it all perfectly straight.
I liked that.
Taichi: "That's definitely laborious."
Miki: "I'll get infected."
Taichi: "That's definitely laborious, *cough*"
Miki: "Dunno."
She saluted.
Taichi: "Are you munching your meals?"
Miki: "Yes! I am munching!"
Taichi: "Then, as I am an adult, why don't I pull back to watch over my pupil's growth from the shadows and indirectly support her?"
Miki: "Dunno, but thanks."
＊合流へ
My hand naturally stretched toward the smiling girl's skirt. 
I must have penetrated a blind spot, because Miki neither budged nor lost her smile. 
*creak*
For some reason I heard a door opening.
The truth was, to the 2.5 billion (currently three) men on Earth, that was an unlocked, mystic door.
A secret domain only allowed to be peeked upon by that portion of humanity kicked into the floor or ground by an unhappy destiny.
But, while it was such a priceless thing, it was also the entrance that all cherry teens had to pass through in order to become sweet or sour binding young adults.
However, that door was not a rectangular one, rather it was a triangular one (alol).
*alol = Taichi's notation. A subtype of (lol). It refers to an American style laugh.
Americans always laugh after telling a joke (no matter how bad it is!), and because they have truly bizarre habits, this laugh is also naturally used after particularly distasteful blathering with the unthinkable intent of being masochistic.
Miki: "......crap." 
Her lips maintained a smile as they tightened.
Taichi: "Sorry, my hand unconsciously-"
Miki: "No, that was my fault for being careless."
Taichi: "Umm, it may not be my place to say this......but that lingerie is very sexy. Onii-chan is really surprised, in a good way." 
Miki: "I'm sorry to trouble you, but when might your hand come off me?" 
Taichi: "Th-, that, that underwear, Miki's clean, underwear!, delta, clean, body is honest, color! Tightly covering! Like this! Kitten-chan is!"
My thoughts scattered into a thousand pieces.
Miki: "Now, wouldn't any more of that be mentally dangerous?"
Taichi: "No, it's impossible. This hand has fossilized as if it's no longer mine. This cannot be opened and closed as easily as a child opening his front door with copies of the house key."
Taichi: "Still......it's beautiful."
Miki: "Ha, I'm grateful for those words. I'd be much obliged if you could let go of me right about now."
Taichi: "No figurine will ever be able to reproduce this lifelike freshness. Not even Sakakibara Kiyoshi, who remains a professor despite being a first rate modeler whose very name sends shockwaves through the bishoujo figurine world, would be able to make one!" 
Miki: "......I'll kill you."
Taichi: "Hiiiiiii! Are those eyes serious!?"
They were the eyes of a hunter.
I let go.
Taichi: "Ah, but you see, you are wearing something very adult right now."
I changed to keigo.
Miki: "......yeah, well..."
Miki blushed a little.
Miki: "Well, there's no water, so I can't do any laundry."
Miki: "And there are new pairs in the stores."
And they're free.
Taichi: "So......you came here with a sexy pair you normally couldn't buy?"
Miki: "......yes."
Hmmm.
Just how should I tell her?
Is it something I should just leave alone?
Taichi: "Uh, you know, Miki-rin."
Miki: "I'm Miki-rin. What is it?"
Taichi: "That underwear......I happen to know a little about it..."
Taichi: "Uhhhh..."
Taichi: "You know, it's called toy underwear. Also known as open shorts or honey shorts."
Miki: "Ha?"
Taichi: "Ummm, for adults, it's a toy, it's underwear..."
I put my fingers together nervously.
Taichi: "I mean to say......well in other words, it has a slit in a secret location so that you can have sex without taking it off."
Taichi: "These could be called a kind of shortcut!"
I raised my index finger and shot her a perfect smile.
And,
Miki: "........................"
*tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap!*
She ran away.
She disappeared into the bathroom for a minute.
She came back.
Miki: "Th-th-th-this-this-this-this---!?"
Taichi: "I think you probably procured that underwear from Atomic Goods (the old Kimura variety store), since they sell normal and adult underwear right next to each other. Isn't it right next to the housing development? That's why their lineup is aimed at young housewives."
Taichi: "I shop at that store all the time."
My teeth sparkled as I gave a thumbs-up.
Miki: "Uhiiiii!!?"
She pushed down firmly on her crotch from the front and behind.
Taichi: "Calm down."
Taichi: "But if you coincidentally encountered a molester while wearing that, it might be problematic."
Miki: "Fuwawawawa."
Miki pushed against her crotch and shuffled her feet together.
Taichi: "......now then."
Taichi: "I wonder what would happen if Kiri-chin were to find out about this."
I sucked on a fictional cigarette.
Miki: "Na! Sempai, you wouldn't?!"
Taichi: "If that fastidious Kiri were to know...uhi!"
Taichi: "Would The Flowers break up?"
Miki: "Nyagoo!?"
She clung to my sleeve.
Taichi: "......to think Miki-Miki was wearing such perverted underwear. It's simply unclean."
Taichi: "There will be no trading of lunches."
Miki: "Anything but that!"
Taichi: "Then will you listen to my demands!?"
Miki: "If it's something other than giving up my virginity..."
Taichi: "Very well. Then I command you."
I placed my hand on her head.
Miki shook slightly,
But didn't resist.
Taichi: "To do cleaning."
Miki: "......{ae}?"
Taichi: "No, I can hit two birds with one stone."
Taichi: "Cleaning, or rub-rub!?"
Miki: "Rub-rub is...?"
Taichi: "Yes, rub-rub is......"
Taichi: "This sort of conduct."
Taichi: "Sticking your face between someone's legs, then rubbing, and rubbing......"
Miki: "That's 'petting!'"
Miki: "Don't call it something cute like rub-rub! It's 'petting!'"
Taichi: "Oh, I so want to rub-rub you."
Miki: "Noooo! I don't wanna be rub-rubbedddddd!!!"
Taichi: "Will you be hated by Kiri, or will you be rub-rubbed!? Will it be war, or peace!?"
Miki: "Yes, umm, you mentioned cleaning? Could I just do cleaning?"
She raised her hand with teary eyes.
Taichi: "Hmph. So you're going to choose cleaning?"
Miki: "Cleaning......you mean just normal cleaning, right?"
Taichi: "No, there's no mistake that it's cleaning, but the places you'll wash......huhuhu."
Miki: "End of chastity."
Miki stooped forward.
Miki: "The wind speaks to me. Short but seemingly long virgin days. Today, I take one step toward becoming an adult. The form I least wish for---"
She read the narration for a fictional television program.
Taichi: "I was kidding."
Miki: "Egu-egu, please, at least be gentle......"
Taichi: "I said I was kidding."
Taichi: "Here's your mop."
I handed it over.
Miki: "......?"
Miki: "Mop 'play?'"
Taichi: "You'd do well to avoid the erotic."
Miki was still looking at me blankly.
Taichi: "Weren't you cleaning?"
She nodded.
Taichi: "Well then, make haste to continue your cleaning."
Taichi: "As you will."
Miki: "Haa......"
Miki: "Thank you."
I did nothing.
She only burned herself down then pulled herself back up.
Taichi: "I give you permission to fall in love with I, Kurosu Taichi."
Miki: "I nullify your petition."
Taichi: "Goddamn!"
Taichi: "Now then,"
I swept my bangs aside.
Taichi: "I've been a nuisance."
Miki: "Thank you for all your hard work."
Taichi: "That's right, Miki." 
I stood still.
I'd forgotten to tell her something important.
Miki: "Yes?"
Taichi: "She says that club activities are going to start up again soon." 
Miki: "The club?"
Taichi: "If your ever feel tightness within your heart, you should give it a go sometime."
Taichi: "Since that's what the club is there for."
A glimpse of understanding slowly began to show on Miki's face.
Miki: "......okay."
Delight was mixed in there, along with other emotions as well.
  -Go to the classroom
  -Go to the roof
As usual, Touko was absentmindedly sitting in the classroom.
Not talking to anyone.
Not participating in the club.
Just simply being there, with no objective.
Taichi: "......"
She's correct.
Fulfilled as a person.
Everything had disappeared suddenly.
She has inertia, but she has to power herself.
It's ironic if you think about it.
All the decent humans went and got annihilated all at once, leaving only us behind.
Taichi: "Kirihara."
Touko: "......"
Hmmm.
Taichi: "Dialogue."
Touko: "?"
Her face became dubious for a moment, but quickly closed itself off into a private train of thought (or so it seemed).
Taichi: "Dialogue!"
I moaned like a zombie.
Zombies moan :P
Taichi: "Dialogue, dialogue."
Taichi: "Dialogue!"
Touko: "What is it with you!!?"
A monster of dialogue.
No, a monster-like dialogue.
......wha?
Whatever.
Taichi: "Conversation conversation dialogue dialogue needed needed."
I emphasized it by adding body language.
Touko: "......not needed."
Taichi: "It won't come to be without dialogue."
Touko: "......I don't understand."
Touko: "Don't talk to me."
Touko: "Aren't I completely meaningless to you!?"
Taichi: "That's not true."
Taichi: "I like Kirihara when she snaps."
Touko: "Is that it!? Do you just want a toy to play with!!?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Touko: "Liar!"
Taichi: "It's true."
Touko: "But, but, but......"
She was hard-pressed for words.
Touko: "Don't talk to me."
Her furious argument halted for the moment.
An incomplete combustion.
If you tell me not to talk to you with such a bitter tongue, that just makes me want to talk more.
But when I speak to her again, her bitter tongue once more tells me not to talk.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
  -Talk to her
  -Go to club
I'll leave her alone for a while.
Touko's been acting strangely lately.
At times like these, I should go clear my mind by talking to Sempai.
Even in the evening, the ground was hot.
The heat penetrated the soles of my shoes.
But it wasn't unbearable.
Compared to the heat of a Kantou metropolis, clouds and dirt couldn't be more different.
After all, there's a nice breeze. I can handle this temperature.
That is, I could if I didn't have to keep climbing these hills.
The din of the cicadas only further amplified the heat.
Like a band that's only active during the summer, these guys stake everything on one season.
Shinkawa: "Gya!"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Someone fell over nearby.
He made a dry sound against the ground, and stainless steel crutches fell down by his feet.
Taichi: "What's this?"
A person had collapsed.
I tried approaching him.
Taichi: "......umm, are you okay?"
Shinkawa: "Ah, sorry. I'm fine."
At times like these, Japanese people will always say they're fine.
I couldn't be sure whether that was true or not.
I lost my temper.
Taichi: "Are you really okay?! Can you really be sure you're fine in an instant like that?!"
Shinkawa: "Oh, oooh......aah."
This particular Japanese person felt pressured into nodding uncomfortably.
Taichi: "For all we know you could have multiple bone fractures!!"
Shinkawa: "I can tell by looking that it's not broken......"
Taichi: "I shall bring retribution down upon you for making light of humanity!"
Shinkawa: "What are you talking about?!"
Shinkawa: "Anyway, I'm not hurt at all."
He pulled himself up with a wry smile.
I handed him his crutches.
Shinkawa: "Ah, thanks."
Taichi: "Don't mention it. It's my fault, anyway."
Taichi: "Are you hurt?"
Shinkawa: "Doesn't seem like it."
Using his crutches, he managed to regain some of his balance.
One of his legs wasn't moving so well......
Taichi: "Broken leg?"
Shinkawa: "I wish it was."
A calm, carefree smile.
The face of a human who has toiled long and hard.
Shinkawa: "Huh, your......your hair..."
Taichi: "Aah, this?"
I pinched my own bangs.
Taichi: "It's no wig."
Shinkawa: "No, I didn't doubt that."
Shinkawa: "But did you dye it? It's white all the way to the root."
Taichi: "Nope, this is natural."
Shinkawa: "Wooow."
Shinkawa: "It's perfectly white."
That's right.
My hair has always been pure white.
A person once told me it was the color of down feathers.
Not the white of senility.
Snow white hair which keeps its luster.
White hair so natural it's slightly disturbing.
......that's the biggest reason I draw people's eyes.
The second biggest reason is the gap between that hair and my face. Dammit.
Shinkawa: "Ah, sorry. Does it bother you?"
But this guy was good.
He knows how to be considerate.
So I'll be considerate as well.
Taichi: "Oh no, not at all."
Taichi: "It used to, a bit. But since I'm in that school..."
Shinkawa: "Aah......Gunjou Institute?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Shinkawa: "I'm a student there too."
He cracked a wide smile.
Taichi: "Oh, how old are you?"
The Japanese guy gave his date of birth.
He's the same age as me.
And maybe, a friend.
Taichi: "I hope we get along well."
Shinkawa: "Same here. Please teach me what you can."
Shinkawa: "One of my legs doesn't move very well."
Taichi: "......I see."
Shinkawa: "It's a mental thing. The wound healed ages ago."
Taichi: "That's a pain. Since when?"
Shinkawa: "Ages ago. It's perfectly natural."
Shinkawa: "Look, one's thicker than the other."
He rolled up his jeans, showing me both ankles.
Taichi: "Uwa, amazing."
Shinkawa: "Since I don't use it at all, the muscles just disappeared."
Taichi: "That's bad. Go train it."
Shinkawa: "I said it doesn't move well. I do still shift it manually sometimes though."
Shinkawa: "It's a real pain."
Taichi: "Hey, hey!"
Shinkawa: "Ahahaha, joking, joking."
Taichi: "So you're a wielder of self-deprecating gags."
I can't take this man's arrival lightly.
Shinkawa: "What do you mean?"
Shinkawa: "I hope that's a good school."
Taichi: "It's good."
Taichi: "For those like us."
Shinkawa: "That's great."
Taichi: "There are a lot of cute girls."
Shinkawa: "Seriously!?"
Though you can't hold a decent conversation with the majority of them.
Taichi: "Especially Machiko-sensei, she's the best."
Shinkawa: "Just the name's great! I wanna see her now..."
Taichi: "When we get the chance I'll let you see my treasured Machiko-sensei album."
Taichi: "It's rank A."
Shinkawa: "Rank A? Is that the highest?"
Taichi: "No, there's an S above it."
Shinkawa: "Uwa, the same rankings I use......"
Taichi: "Y-You too!?"
What's with this guy matching me so naturally?
Shinkawa: "Okay, I get the feeling this'll work somehow."
Taichi: "Gunjou is a magnanimous, delicious and erotic place."
Shinkawa: "Get out! Erotic!? A prosperous life has just opened up for me!!!"
Taichi: "Go for it!!!"
Shinkawa: "Ooooh, here I go!"
Shinkawa: "Come to think of it, this doesn't feel like our first meeting."
Taichi: "I also have a feeling that I'll need to settle a score with you someday."
Shinkawa: "And I'll accept the challenge."
He said with confidence.
Shinkawa: "......but before that, give me your data on Machiko-sensei."
Taichi: "Very well, comrade-in-arms."
Taichi: "We may not be of the same race, but I wish you good luck."
Shinkawa: "......no, you're definitely Japanese too."
This was how I met Shinkawa Yutaka---
Taichi: "Hmm?"
There was a note left on top of the table.
『There might be dinner.』
Taichi: "Yaaay, I'm going, I'm going!"
I didn't have to make it myself.
I took three minutes to change, then went to her house without delay.
Dinner was quite delicious.
I lit the candle.
The solitary glimmer shone upon the inside of the room.
I liked candles.
The raw flame captivated me.
The wavering flame captured my soul as I watched it, allowing me to doze on forever and ever.
I once burnt my bangs doing that.
That was just three minutes ago.
Taichi: "......it burnt......damn it."
I wanted to cry.
But now for my diary.
I opened up the bulky notebook.
A record of one's life is a precious thing.
I went to school.
Even though all of humanity was gone, everyone showed up.
Since there weren't any classes, we all hung around idly.
Touko was especially harsh today.
Maybe she's getting nervous because she can't fully grasp the situation.
Mimi-sempai had her club on the roof.
She was constructing the abandoned antenna.
It's not something you can simply put aside and come back to once in a while.
It's painful work.
But it's that pain...that saves Sempai.
As I walked down the hallway, Miki was doing some cleaning.
Is Miki doing her cleaning in the same way that Sempai is running her club?
I don't know.
Did I force Miki to wake up to the reality of this critical situation, i.e. humanity's annihilation?
I also got hit by one of Miki's attacks.
This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!
But seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy.
The day she'll surpass her master draws near.
A lot of other stuff happened, too, but overall it was a good day.
I had a dream in which Sakuraba pushed me down. 
Taichi: "......too surreal..."
In the first place, that guy wouldn't have the nerve to throw someone down like that.
Breakfast had already been prepared.
There was a note.
『Eat your fill before leaving.』
Mutsumi-oba-san made being beautiful her career. She was also a great cook.
Although she's so busy that she rarely comes home.
I lowered my head.
Then I took her up on that offer, washing down a bulky sandwich with vegetable juice.
There's no time to waste.
I covered the rest in plastic wrap and stuck it in my pocket.
I'll eat it on the way.
After walking for a while,
Sakuraba: "Agyaraoooooooo!!!"
Sakuraba screamed.
From close by.
His scream was overlapped with a dog's bark.
Together, they faded into the distance.
Taichi: "That explains it......"
I was satiated.
Then, there was---
Yuusa: "Huh? Taichi-san?"
Taichi: "Morning."
Yuusa: "Ah, good morning."
She bowed her head down.
This pretty girl named Yuusa-chan lives nearby.
Upper Misaka is a good town.
Curry bread was shaking in Yuusa-chan's hands. She's too cute for words.
We started walking together.
This isn't the first time or anything.
After all, we go to the same school.
Behind us I heard a husky voice say, 『Habe phun at skool!!』
It was Yuusa-chan's mom.
She's a bit on the heavy side.
But, since she seems to enjoy her life every single day, it's probably fine.
A pretty girl born to an ordinary family.
Her only fault was being too unfamiliar with how the world works.
As the male sempai closest to Yuusa-chan, the duty I'm charged with isn't small.
Yuusa: "See you later!"
As she waved back, her face held no sign of a rebellious phase.
Then again, it's plausible that she still doesn't have her primary sexual characteristics.
It's extremely natural for a man to think of wanting to stain that solid white canvas with his own color, but after a year of average classes, her height had gotten--
Naive Yuusa-chan with her faltering polite speech held a purity which glittered more than any precious gem, setting me on the razor's edge as to whether or not I should succumb to filthy delu--
I'm well aware that repeating these painful, worrisome, wavering thoughts makes me a pedophile. Seriously, I am.
In any case, I'm wavering.
Yes, like the bag of curry bread in Yuusa-chan's hands.
Taichi: "That's curry bread."
Yuusa: "It is."
She leaned back and forth as we walked.
Holding up her hands like a ghost, continuing on as if flaunting something.
Taichi: "Is that......breakfast?"
Yuusa: "Umm, Sakuraba-san was here just now."
Taichi: "Yeah, he was here."
Yuusa: "Did you meet him?"
Taichi: "No, there were only traces."
Yuusa: "Traces?"
Taichi: "Well, not by the time I got there."
Yuusa: "Now that's troubling."
Yuusa: "I'd been thinking about giving him this curry bread."
So she's trying to feed the chimp.
Taichi: "It's because Combat hates that guy."
Yuusa: "You mean the dog named Combat at Kichida-san's place?"
Taichi: "That thing's amazing. He can pull out any stake you tie him to using only his raw strength."
Taichi: "He goes out when he wants, and comes back when he wants."
Yuusa: "Combat doesn't attack most people."
Taichi: "That's how we know he's a real hoodlum."
Yuusa: "He's......a hoodlum......?"
Taichi: "He's got a pretty stout build these days, since he's got military blood in him."
Taichi: "In human terms, I guess you could say his parents returned well-aged from war."
Taichi: "And yet he'll only attack Sakuraba."
Yuusa: "Mysterious."
Taichi: "It is mysterious."
We walked on at a comfortable pace.
Yuusa: "What should I do with this......?"
Yuusa: "Are you hungry?"
Taichi: "Should we eat half each?"
Yuusa: "Yes."
We ate the curry bread together.
Taichi: "Have you gotten used to school?"
Yuusa: "Not quite yet."
Taichi: "How's the bullying?"
Yuusa: "None at all! I'm so happy!!"
Taichi: "Guess you would be."
The one and only Gunjou Institute. A first-class Gunjou.
Taichi: "If anything happens, go ahead and stop them by saying, 'I have a lot of acquaintances in the advanced classes, yes I do.'"
Yuusa: "Yes."
She seemed super happy.
Yuusa: "Though I won't say 'yes I do' at the end......"
She's embarrassed.
Taichi: "Ha-ha-ha."
I used to tease her a little; I guess it still bothers her.
Taichi: "Didn't you get Sakakibara-sensei?"
Yuusa: "Yes."
Taichi: "He's a good teacher. You'll do fine."
Though with his hobby of collecting bishoujo figurines, he's on the verge of oblivion.
Yuusa: "Aha-aha, thank you."
Yuusa: "......everyone in the class is doing their best, so I'm having fun."
Taichi: "I see."
Yuusa: "Okaa-san's here for me too."
Taichi: "Indeed."
Taichi: "But doesn't she tend to stand out? ...I mean, she's a source of peace in your life."
Yuusa: "Also......umm......"
Taichi: "Hmm?"
Yuusa: "Sensei told us to exchange diaries with someone."
Taichi: "I once had a class that did that."
Exchange Homeroom or something.
Taichi: "I failed to find a partner in my class, so I did it with someone from the advanced classes."
Yuusa: "Ah, I also failed."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Yuusa: "Our class has an odd number."
Taichi: "Aah......then, can't you do it with Sensei?"
Yuusa: "No, umm, about that."
She rummaged through her book bag and pulled out a notebook.
Yuusa: "Would you mind, Taichi-san?"
A colorful green notebook.
It had a slight mint fragrance.
Taichi: "Sure, I'll do it!"
I shouted and threw both fists into the air.
Yuusa: "......"
Taichi: "What's wrong, miss?"
Yuusa: "Ha, eh, umm......are you sure? You don't want to think about it more?"
Taichi: "Of course I'm sure."
Yuusa: "So frankly......"
Taichi: "That notebook's the diary? Have you already written the first entry?"
Yuusa: "Y-Yes, about a lot of stuff."
Taichi: "A lot of stuff?"
A lot of stuff about a pre-pubescent pretty girl.
That reprimandable string of words easily corrupted me.
But in front of Yuusa-chan, I have to put on a mask so that she'll like me.
I call it Rationality's Last Stand.
Taichi: "I can't wait."
I made a flourish of brushing aside my bangs.
The girl's gaze closely followed my white hair.
I realized she was looking all over my hair and face.
Come to think of it, I heard her say there was a beautiful white-haired prince in a certain Co**lt novel. 
She'd spoken about him heatedly.
Now that I think about it, do I give off the image of a prince?
That would be nice......
No......my face......it's worthless......
In the end, it's nothing more than hope.
Yuusa: "It's a little embarrassing......"
Taichi: "I won't laugh at things you wrote seriously."
Yuusa: "......"
Oh, did I score high points just now?
Miki tends to make me out to be a much younger person than I am, so I've failed at this before.
I was broken to the core because of that.
Now I'm nothing more to her than someone to play with.
Shit!
It hurts more the farther I look back on it!
This time I'm going to do it right, and with a bit of luck I'll have an individual serving of pretty virgin (meaning unclear).
Gentlemanly rationality, gentlemanly rationality.
Taichi: "May I take it, Fr{a}ulein?"
Yuusa: "Furo-irain?"
Taichi: "Summer oops."
I spat out the phrase of admonition regarding eternal summers in response to my impulsive usage of a difficult word.
Taichi: "It means a cute ojou-san."
I gently wiped the girl's tears.
Yuusa: "Why'd you do that? Was there something in my eye?"
She hadn't been crying.
Taichi: "It means a lovable ojou-san."
Yuusa: "Eh......"
I calmly redefined it.
Yuusa-chan's expression disappeared as if it had been washed off.
And then, her face took on a color of shame befitting roses in full bloom---actually, it didn't,
Yuusa: *gujun!!!*
She sneezed.
It was an unclean sneeze.
Yuusa: "Ah, I'm sorry......ah-"
That last 『ah』 was certainly not an innocent amorous breath brought up by a rubbing of her most sensitive parts.
Her eyes fell down to focus on a certain thing, and she was slightly shocked.
A bridge had been built between me and Yuusa-chan.
One end on my uniform, right around the stomach.
The other end was Yuusa-chan's nose.
In other words,
Yuusa: "H-huh?"
A bridge of mucus.
That high viscosity fluid,
streeeeetched
into a suspension bridge.
This is my reasoning:
At the moment of the sneeze, a mucus bullet fired faster than the Shinkansen (that's true) hit my uniform.
The girl who formed a bullet from that strongly adherent fluid tried to suck it back into her nostrils, and instead of snapping as one would expect, the junction was lucky enough to hold together and form a bridge.
Yuusa: "............"
Yuusa-chan finally seems to have understood her situation.
Her face turned pale.
She didn't move an inch.
No, she couldn't move.
For a girl as young as her, seeing her own mucus on a man's wardrobe......especially on such a prestigious young nobleman (my delusion)......it must be......
*One part of this is expressed inappropriately.
If she's not careful,
『Mucus-hime』
『Mucusko-chan』
She'd inevitably be given such hopelessly immature and cruel nicknames.
Kids are always looking for someone or something to laugh at.
The weaker, the better.
As weak as they can find.
Yuusa: "Au......ah, this is......umm......"
As a result of extreme stress,
Her eyes, despite holding themselves open, poured out tears.
Unacceptable!
I can't plant any new traumas in this girl.
It's time for the beautiful white-haired Atlantean prince.
I calmly took out my handkerchief, faster than the confused girl.
First, I covered Yuusa's nose with it.
Yuusa: "......uyu?"
A weird voice.
After severing the base, I alternated several times between wiping her nose and folding my handkerchief.
Then I retrieved the mucus bridge and lightly wiped my own uniform.
Then I returned the handkerchief to my pocket. At least, I tried to.
Yuusa: "Ah, no, you can't!!!"
Taichi: "Mmm?"
Yuusa: "Such a d-d-d-dirty, ah, you can't, you have to throw it away, ah, umm!"
Yuusa: "I'll compensate you!!"
Taichi: "It's fine."
I smiled cheerfully.
Taichi: "Now, shall we get moving?"
Yuusa: "That's, umm, I'm sorry, but your handkerchief!"
This time, I wiped her tears with my thumb.
Taichi: "It's no handkerchief for a cute kouhai to get so worked up about."
Yuusa: ".........!!!"
The girl received a big shock.
Taichi: "Compensation's fine and all, but you really should be careful not to catch a cold, Yuusa-kun."
I bopped her head and started walking again.
Yuusa-chan was stupefied.
Taichi: "Hey, Ojou-san, school."
Yuusa: "......y-"
Yuusa: "Yes!"
She started jogging frantically.
Yuusa: "......"
Taichi: "Mm?"
She was holding my hand.
She's red up to her ears, and staring at the ground.
What a cute reaction for such a little thing.
However, I didn't feel that the goodwill I'd won from her with only a single handkerchief was undeserved.
But there's no mistake my brain was rotten enough to think that I wanted to make a strong-willed kid with her. Die, I should just die already.
Touko was there.
Come to think of it, isn't she always the first to show up here?
Taichi: "Morning."
Touko: "......(hmph)"
Cold shoulder?
You're giving me the cold shoulder?
Taichi: "Panties......"
Touko: "Tedious."
Taichi: "Would you buy my panties?"
Touko: "Whyyy do I have to buy your panties!?"
Touko shoved her desk aside as she stood up.
Taichi: "You're hot-tempered in the morning."
I gave her a thumbs-up.
Touko: "......"
Touko grabbed my thumb and jerked it sharply to one side.
Taichi: "Gieeeeeeee!!!"
Taichi: "You moron! What if you broke it!? How am I supposed to masturbate now!?"
I'm just glad I didn't lose my whole hand.
Touko: "Don't talk to me."
Taichi: "Did you watch the TV yesterday?"
Touko: "Don't talk to me!"
Taichi: "......muu."
If you tell me not to talk to you with such a bitter tongue, that just makes me want to talk more.
But when I speak to her again, her bitter tongue once more tells me not to talk.
  -Talk to her
  -Go to club
Taichi: "Hey, reversely-attributed competitive girl."
Touko: "Haa......?"
Taichi: "I'll give you this."
I held out the sandwich from this morning.
Touko stared at it in disbelief.
Touko: "What, is this?"
Taichi: "Sweet bean bread."
Touko: "How could it be one of those!? This is a sandwich!"
Taichi: "So you did know what it was."
Taichi: "Here."
*nudge*
Touko: "......stop it."
She threw my hand off of her.
The sandwich fell.
I picked it up.
Taichi: "Are you eating properly?"
Touko: "That's none of your business."
She looked the other way.
Taichi: "Isn't it painful to have no one besides yourself to worry about you?"
Touko: "I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "You want people to worry about you."
Taichi: "You want them to complete you."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And I, for one, do worry a little."
She surely despises me.
Touko: "You sure can talk."
Touko: "If you're really worried about me, then why, why!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "Ah, I wasn't trying to make you mad or anything."
*smack*
I toppled over.
It didn't hurt at all.
Touko: "......uuuu......"
After attacking me, Touko collapsed from fatigue.
Taichi: "Hello?"
Touko: "......nn............"
She was rubbing her eyes. Her face looked pale.
Taichi: "......Touko."
I stooped down beside her.
Touko: "Don't say my name without an honorific......"
She seemed to be straining her voice.
Her forehead was covered in sweat within moments.
Taichi: "Where does it hurt?"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "Look at the state you're in. Let's call a truce."
Since there aren't any doctors left now.
Taichi: "Touko!"
Touko: "I can't see......"
Blindness?
I shuddered.
Taichi: "Anything else?"
Touko: "I feel drained. I'm dizzy......like I'm gonna hurl."
Taichi: "You need to puke?"
Touko: "......yeah."
Taichi: "Then lie on your side."
I urged her.
Touko didn't resist.
Taichi: "Your eyes?"
Touko: "All black......"
Is she blind?
If so, that's okay.
That's far better than a serious illness, or a huge wound near her heart.
Taichi: "Stay calm. Don't go into a panic."
Touko: "............I'm fine."
Taichi: "Have there been any irregularities in your health over the last few days?"
Touko: "No, none."
Taichi: "Like pouring poison into your eyes."
Touko: "Nothing."
Hmmm.
How could this happen so quickly?
Touko: "Ah......"
Taichi: "What happened?"
Touko: "I can see now, a little bit."
Relief.
Taichi: "Then it's just low blood pressure."
Touko: "Low blood pressure?"
Taichi: "You're exhibiting the symptoms of low blood pressure. That's why you felt drained as well."
Touko: "I see......"
Taichi: "Do you still feel drained?"
Touko: "It's gotten......a bit better......"
Taichi: "......are you really eating properly?"
Touko: "............"
Silence meant disaffirmation.
Taichi: "Don't you have any appetite?"
Touko slowly pulled herself back up.
Touko: "......I never do in the summer."
Taichi: "But doctor, it's bad to let yourself become anemic."
Taichi: "What did you eat today?"
Touko: "............"
She hasn't eaten anything......
Taichi: "Here, sand and witch."
Touko: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Sandwich."
Taichi: "The origin is a myth in which this was eaten between sand and a witch."
It's a nice image which might fool the shallow snobs that value origins and etymologies.
Touko: "............"
Touko rubbed her eyes.
Taichi: "How are your eyes?"
Touko: "I can see."
Taichi: "Here we go."
I grabbed Touko's hand as it moved slowly, twitching like the rising tide.
Taichi: "There, there."
Touko: "I'm not a pet......"
Her comebacks lacked force.
Taichi: "It's handmade."
The plastic wrap rustled as she removed it, and she bit down on a small corner of the sandwich.
Touko: "......it's too fluffy."
Taichi: "They were made this morning."
Touko: "It's too big to eat easily."
Taichi: "They were made for me."
Touko: "There's too much mustard."
Taichi: "I like them bitter."
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "So, is it bad?"
Touko: "............it's good."
Taichi: "Then take your time eating it."
Touko: *sniff*
She was sniffling.
She must find it vexing.
For the love of...
Touko: "Uu!"
She covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Are you going to puke?"
She shook her head.
She swallowed it back down.
Touko: "......I want something to drink."
Taichi: "My water bottle."
Taichi: "A necessity for an annihilated world."
I handed it to her.
Touko: "......"
She hesitated for quite a while,
Then put it to her mouth,
Then tipped the bottle's base up.
Her throat protruded, and she energetically took the water into her mouth.
Taichi: "......are you at least replenishing your water supply?"
Touko: "But the plumbing doesn't bring any."
Taichi: "The Tasaki Shop."
Touko: "......I went there, but..."
Touko: "I tripped on the way back, and they all fell to the bottom of the hill."
Taichi: "Are you really that clumsy?"
Taichi: "Why not just go get more at the shop?"
Touko: "......because if I did that I'd have to write another note."
Touko: "If people saw that......"
Taichi: "Haa?"
Just that?
Just a problem of saving face?
Taichi: "Isn't your own life a priority!?"
Touko: "But..."
She seemed like she was about to cry.
Taichi: "Ha...Kirihara-sensei, that's just too sad."
Touko: "I'm delicate!"
Taichi: "Now that everyone's disappeared, that way of viewing the world should as well."
She was no longer being given permission to do anything.
What she's wishing for...
Is the strength to live.
She's a person wishing to be a pure individual.
Her various desires are being usurped by the biological needs she'd despised.
I didn't think Touko had those desires.
No.
I've known it for a long time.
Touko's lurid weakness.
I understood it.
This girl's already at her limit.
Humanity being annihilated, her family disappearing, in that huge mansion of a house...
All alone.
Taichi: "......from now on, we have to live on with only the eight of us."
Before anyone miscounts and thinks something's wrong: Taichi, Tomoki, Sakuraba, Touko, Misato, Miki, Kiri, Youko
Touko: "........................"
Her silence was heavy.
Touko: "Everyone will die."
Taichi: "Yes, they will."
There's an inescapable death waiting for everyone.
Taichi: "The question is when and how."
Touko: "It's......impossible......for people......to just disappear."
Taichi: "But it's reality."
I prompted her.
Taichi: "The world has blotted everyone else out. We're the only 『mutual』 existences left."
Touko: "I can't endure it......"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
The way this is heading......
It might be unavoidable.
I've gotten involved. I've wished.
The relationship I wanted to build with Touko was definitely not as sweet as honey.
It wasn't an option to leave this girl alone on the brink of collapse.
I only have to go partway.
But......what if I reached the terminus?
What would happen?
What would I do?
It's unmistakable; there's nowhere left to run.
If I capitalized on this turn of events - this so-called 'Touko route' - all the way until the end, even if everything breaks down there...
This time I'll have to stay with her until her dying moment.
While being tormented by the sharp pain that is highly developed culture.
Taichi: "If there's nothing you can do to endure it,"
Touko: "Eh......?"
Touko reacted sensitively.
She shut her mouth.
Touko: "......what do you mean, 'nothing I can do?'"
Taichi: "Oh no, just... you can eat all of it."
I stood up.
Taichi: "You know..."
Touko: "......nnwha?"
Touko spoke while chewing the sandwich.
Taichi: "How do you think humanity was destroyed?"
She looked out the window.
I didn't expect to get anything out of asking her.
Touko: "They weren't destroyed."
She returned a terribly philosophical answer.
Touko: "......they faded away into nothingness."
I'll leave her alone for a while.
Touko's been acting strangely lately.
And that strangeness is becoming permanent.
At times like these, I should go clear my mind by talking to Sempai.
As usual, Mutsumi-oba-san wasn't there.
Instead, there was a note.
『There isn't not dinner.』
Taichi: "Off I go, off I go♪"
I left the house with a light heart.
On the way home,
The once-quiet cicadas slowly but steadily began to chirp once more.
Shinkawa: "Heya there."
Taichi: "Nnn? ......oooh, Tanizaki!"
Shinkawa: "Kounosu! How've you been?"
Taichi: "Aaah...I, Kounosu Taichi, have the sole merit of feeling great even if my license gets suspended."
Shinkawa: "But can't you say the same about me, Tanizaki Yutaka?"
Taichi: "It's been a few days, Tanizaki."
Shinkawa: "Yes it has, Kounosu."
Taichi: "When will Tanizaki start going to school?"
Shinkawa: "They say it'll start tomorrow, Kounosu."
He waved the A4 envelope in his hand.
Must be full of school documents.
Taichi: "Oh, transfer into our class, Tanizaki."
Shinkawa: "Kounosu, don't ask the impossible. You know it's not my decision."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Shinkawa: "Wahaha."
We both laughed deeply.
Taichi: "But even so, Tanizaki---"
Shinkawa: "......okay, I give! My name is Shinkawa Yutaka. My apologies Kurosu-san."
Taichi: "Aaah, you're going to stop that?"
Shinkawa: "It seemed like it'd keep going forever."
Taichi: "Going home already?"
Shinkawa: "Yeah."
Taichi: "Why not come by my place?"
Shinkawa: "Is it close by?"
Taichi: "Ten minutes from here I'd guess."
Shinkawa: "Don't you live in a nice place. Sorry though, next time."
Shinkawa: "My niece...she's going to Gunjou after all, so I need to tell her a lot about it."
My ears,
Such information,
It won't slip by me (grab).
Shinkawa: "What's that thumbs-up about?"
Taichi: "Hey, you, the guy over there."
Shinkawa: "Wh-what is it?"
Taichi: "I'm very sorry, but I heard you had a niece."
Shinkawa: "That is what I just said."
Taichi: "Her age?"
Shinkawa: "One below mine."
Taichi: "Got a picture?"
Shinkawa: "......Kurosu?"
Taichi: "Aaah, never mind, it's nothing. Please forget it."
Taichi: "However, if that one point was different, wouldn't she be cute?"
Shinkawa: "Mmmm, well, her looks are..."
Taichi: "Aren't looks everything?"
My voice naturally lowered.
A certain kind of jealousy and envy......and malice.
Shinkawa: "Ha?"
Taichi: "No, don't worry about it."
Shinkawa: "......still, she's kinda boyish."
Shinkawa: "I should tell you, I have no such emotions for her. Being looked at with those eyes is just kinda disgusting."
Taichi: "Liessss!!"
Shinkawa: "Wa! What just happened?"
Taichi: "That's a lie!! You're a liar! You've got a cute younger relative. There's no way you wouldn't be conscious of it! Haven't you read a single volume of French Study!? It's impossible! Incomprehensible! Thus it has been proven that you are a liar!"
Shinkawa: "Kurosu......I do pity you, but I'm being serious."
Taichi: "No! I don't want to hear it!"
Shinkawa: "She's really more like a little sister, since we live together."
Cohabitation!!?
The same bed!!?
The warmth of the other gender!!?!?
Taichi: "...hey, the will of some extraordinary being is intervening in that location."
Shinkawa: "......you're making yet another convenient misinterpretation."
Shinkawa: "I was taken in by her household."
Shinkawa: "That's why we're like siblings."
Shinkawa: "So I came here and moved in together with them. My legs might be like this, but she's also a little..."
Taichi: "Aaah......"
So that's what it was.
I agreed at once.
So now they go to Gunjou...
Taichi: "Oh, in that case, didn't you transfer here in order to hang out with your niece-chan?"
Shinkawa: "I guess so. Well, I'm handicapped too."
Shinkawa: "And don't call her 'niece-chan'......"
Taichi: "You're a caring onii-chan."
Shinkawa: "Umm, we seem to have gotten caught up in discussing my niece..."
Taichi: "That's the nature of concentrated envy."
Shinkawa: "Is that so? We've been living together forever, so I've seen her under various biological effects, and then there's that..."
Taichi: "That?"
Shinkawa: "Her appearance is pretty good, but she's got this bad habit of eating with her mouth open, so it's hard to think of her as something beautiful, you know?"
Shinkawa: "You eat what you eat, and expel what---"
Taichi: "Ah, you can stop there. My dreams are precious."
Shinkawa: "......your dreams?"
Taichi: "I'd love to change places with you and get all affectionate with your niece-chan."
Shinkawa: "Uwaa, don't make me imagine that; it's disgusting."
Taichi: "It'll never be reality......"
This person really finds it disgusting.
Long live erotic novels.
Taichi: "Then come visit me sometime."
Shinkawa: "Oooh, I'll introduce you to her."
Taichi: "Seriously?"
I was fluttering.
Shinkawa: "......it's no big deal, but......don't get your hopes up, okay?"
It's no big deal.
It will later become clear that the eyes of the guy who said that were knotholes on par with the Taepodong.
Taichi: "Yes-yeees."
Taichi: "Who might you be?"
Yuusa: "Uh, umm, I'm Doujima."
Taichi: "That cute voice hiding underneath a gangster-like surname......Yuusa-chan? It's open, come in."
The door opened timidly, and a pretty girl was standing there.
Yuusa: "Good eveni......ng."
I sat her down and served her wheat tea.
We talked about a lot of things.
Yuusa: "Umm, today's my birthday."
Taichi: "Oooh? It was today?"
Yuusa: "About that, this is......my birthday present."
Taichi: "Ummm......anyway, thanks. But, why?"
Yuusa: "Also, I thought the exchange diary was due tomorrow, so......"
Taichi: "So here's your exchange diary, and on top of that, a birthday present from me."
Yuusa: "............"
This girl is always at a loss for words when she's surprised.
Taichi: "Now then, why don't I walk you back home?"
Yuusa: "........................!!!?"
She was at an even worse loss for words than before.
Taichi: "It's already nighttime, so there are quite a few dangerous people out there."
Especially in this town.
Taichi: "Shall we go?"
Yuusa: "Y-yes!"
Then, I walked her home.
Yuusa: "You always ask that question, don't you, Taichi-san?"
Yuusa: "That's too hard for me to really understand, but......okay."
Yuusa: "It's training."
It's training.
Training...
Homesickness?
No.
Assault.
Assault.
Yes, assault.
To attack intensely.
Yeah.
I like that word.
I laughed in my dreams.
Without stopping.
Ridicule.
Sunken emotions are soon consumed by the abyss.
The gilding which reminds me of the void of cynicism melts, and the now-bare fragments......mix into an enormous nucleus, and jest.
One thought.
Enemies are enemies.
I'll kill them if I must.
Taichi: "Oooh, I'm inhaling the smell..."
There were very few guards around.
There are usually ten of them standing here, but today there were only two.
We must be having a lot of absences at the moment because everyone's having mental problems due to the heat.
Which was why the cafeteria was so nice and quiet.
Thanks to that I could easily get the highly sought-after menus.
No......if I used a certain connection of mine, I could get them easily anyway.
But that must not be used.
My forbidden secret tactic.
It's a double-edged sword.
Aaah, but Yuusa-chan's really cute.
I bought a ticket for the B meal and waited at the counter.
Voice: "Oh, you! What're you doing here!?" (98 Phon)
Taichi: "Dowaaaa!!?"
It's here!
Voice: "Say hello now, huhuhu."
That woman laughed with a muffled voice resembling an abnormally huge leader of a group of bandits one might find drinking sake in the depths of a cave in a fantasy game. (Sometimes he's larger than the cave entrance. What's with that?)
I was afraid.
Taichi: "Don't scare me, oba-chan. I'm a delicate writer."
Oba-chan: "You think you're a writer? Don't talk in your sleep!" (118 Phon)
Her angry voice traversed the cafeteria with a bang.
The reinforced glass was shaking (not possible).
I watched with absurd interest.
Taichi: "......you're loud, oba-chan."
Oba-chan: "I'm just talking normally. The kids here are just weak!" (94 Phon)
Oba-chan: "You take it easy yourself!" (115 Phon)
Taichi: "!?"
Sensing danger, I took a step back.
A giant deformed hand passed in front of my eyes with a roar.
Taichi: (Just now...) (Skinship?) (If I'd been hit......) (Death!?)
I accidentally used the method of thought depiction from Tsutsui ****taka's Nanase Series.
I can't explain it, but I feel like there's a connection to Nanase (no there isn't).
Oba-chan: "You really are persistent, aren't you!? Huhuhu."
Oba-chan: "You want some food at least, right?"
Taichi: "Ye...yesh."
I held out my meal ticket, feeling like I was giving candy to a lion.
Oba-chan: "Since you're looking after Yuusa, I'll give you something special."
Taichi: "Hahaha, thanks, hahaha."
Yes.
This very person was being allowed to exist as the mother of the ultimate pretty girl Yuusa-chan.
So in a few decades Yuusa's going to---
Mommy: "What's wrong? You look faint."
Taichi: "Sorry, you're right, I was feeling dizzy."
Mommy: "We can't have that now. You need more flesh and blood."
Hahaue-sama made her decision.
Mommy: "Here you go, an S meal."
Taichi: "There's an S?"
Mommy: "I made it just for you!" (118 Phon)
Spoken in a loud voice echoing throughout the cafeteria.
*whisper* *whisper*......
I'm being whispered about.
Taichi: "......I'm very grateful Hahaue-sama, but......"
Mommy: "Oh? Hahaue-sama? Now that's nice to hear!"
My food doubled in height.
Mommy: "Hey, you, how's it with my daughter?"
Taichi: "Ha? How am I supposed to answer that?"
Mommy: "Aren't you winning her over!?"
Taichi: *cough* *cough!*
Mommy: "A son-in-law...that'd be nice. Huhuhu."
Taichi: "Son-in-law!?"
And even more food!!?
Taichi: "Ah, sorry, this is enough, Hahaue-sama!"
Mommy: "No problem, don't worry about it!"
She added a second plate of pork cutlet.
This is......a bribe! Is it a buyoff?
*whisper*......
Taichi: "Awawawawa."
Rumors are spreading!
Right now everyone's spreading incredible rumors about me!
Mommy: "You must have a lot going on, so don't sweat the hard stuff."
Mommy: "Leave it all to me."
The miso soup which should have nothing but seaweed in it, for some reason, had whole crabs thrown in.
*whisper* *whisper* *whisper* *whisper*......
Voice: "......accepting a bribe......"
Voice: "Golden parachute......"
Voice: "......insider trading..."
Voice: "Something unlawful......"
Voice: "......the person concerned with a question of worship......"
Taichi: "Uguu!"
Bad.
This matter is beneath the dignity of Kurosu Taichi.
Now I had four plates of pork cutlet.
Taichi: "That's too many!"
Mommy: "Nn? What? You're a boy. Can't you eat at least this much!?"
She slammed down on my shoulders with arms like those of a crown-of-thorns starfish devouring Okinawan coral.
The doubling of dead weight pushed me into the floor.
Taichi: "Guwaaaaa!"
I fell to my knees.
Mommy: "Ah, you failed! Hehaha! So you do need to eat more. Fatten up!"
Taichi: "Uuu."
Yuusa-chan......if you don't leave home soon, you'll be fattened.
Holding over five times the provisions of a common man, I sat down in an appropriate place.
Tomoki: "I see you've got powerful connections as always."
Tomoki, holding a tray with the C lunch, sat down beside me.
Taichi: "Is that you, Tomoki-sensei?"
Tomoki: "I'd like to borrow some of that luck."
Taichi: "Please do borrow it."
Tomoki: "Are you sure?"
Taichi: "I can't eat this much."
Tomoki: "Then I won't hold back."
He took the pork cutlets.
Tomoki: "I was eating bread with Sakuraba just now, but it wasn't filling enough."
Taichi: "He was in sports clubs, after all."
Tomoki: "But he's not even doing strength training anymore."
Taichi: "Just having muscles consumes fat. That's why muscular guys have bad mileage."
Tomoki: "Ehh? Then it's better to not have muscles?"
Taichi: "Of course not. They keep your figure from gaining extra fat. It's better to just do strength training in moderation."
Tomoki: "I see."
Taichi: "Is Sakuraba still having curry bread?"
Tomoki: "He was on his seventh when I left."
Taichi: "Wow."
Tomoki: "He says the stuff they get here is his favorite curry bread."
Taichi: "Stupid tongue of his."
Tomoki: "It is a stupid tongue."
We ate.
Taichi: "Dammit, we eat and we eat and it won't get any smaller!"
Tomoki: "......should I take it off your hands?"
Taichi: "Please do."
Tomoki: "Hey, there are crabs in your miso!"
Taichi: "......there are."
Tomoki: "What are your connections......?"
Taichi: "The world's strongest submission, a trout hold (son-in-law engagement)."
Tomoki: "You're referring to that oba-chan's daughter?"
Taichi: "Yep."
Tomoki: "I wonder if she looks like her mother."
Taichi: "No, she's an amazingly cute girl with glasses. And she's attached to me. She'll believe anything I say."
Tomoki: "Then there's no problem."
Taichi: "No......"
Taichi: "I, who will likely ascend to an aggressive job of my own which will make me fit to hold a Swiss bank account, cannot be meowing after an honest girl."
Tomoki: "You're talking in your sleep."
Tomoki: "Ah, Taichi, how was your adaptation coefficient exam?"
Taichi: "Any way you look at it,"
I gulped down the self-served wheat tea.
Taichi: "Severely high. Unacceptable. My teacher's eyes went white when he saw it."
Tomoki: "How much?"
Taichi: "......eighty-four percent."
Tomoki: "Uwa, if only that was a percentile."
Taichi: "Exactly. Isn't that bad? I might become something horrible."
Tomoki: "You might get dissected for research purposes."
Taichi: "Have mercy."
I clung to his sleeve.
Tomoki: "Impossible......you're living in a different world from my seventeen percent."
Taichi: "What? Hey! Why's your number the same as a normal person's!?"
Tomoki: "......I had external obstacles, remember?" 
Taichi: "Ah, that's right......"
Taichi: "I'm so stupid. I'd been thinking of us as equals."
Tomoki: "You shouldn't be saying that."
Taichi: "Aaah, Raba's (Sakuraba's nickname) is pretty low as well."
Tomoki: "I think he was fifteen."
Taichi: "Weren't his obstacles internal? Why did he get sent to Gunjou with that number?"
Tomoki: "Well, it seems he wrote Gunjou down as his preferred school."
We looked at each other's faces.
Both of us: "Haaaa!!?"
Taichi: "......that makes no sense."
Tomoki: "......I know."
Taichi: "National exams are pretty half-assed."
Taichi: "Ah, on that note, you'd better make up with your onee-san."
Taichi: "You keep saying it's too hard and that you never get around to it."
Tomoki: "That's because Onee-cha......Aneki would betray me......"
Didn't this guy nearly say 『Onee-chan』 just now?
......whatever.
Taichi: "Miyasumi-sempai would?"
Tomoki and Mimi-sempai were siblings.
Though their surnames are different.
Tomoki: "I was forced into the Broadcasting Club in the first place. I'd wanted to be in the 'Going Home' Club, but she just had to say, 'Aren't you a computer nerd? Come help out.'"
Tomoki: "What do you think of the argument that I had to 'help' because I was a 'computer nerd?'"
Taichi: "Come on..."
Taichi: "Does it even matter? You're practically in the Going Home Club anyway."
Tomoki: "Well......in any case, this place doesn't have a Basketball Club."
Taichi: "But you can't even run."
Tomoki: "Well..."
Taichi: "Give it up. It's nice not to have any annoying upperclassmen."
Tomoki: "I was hoping to read all the manga I wanted to when I got into the Going Home Club."
Tomoki: "Why do I have to get into a sports club and make up with Aneki after all this time?"
Taichi: "......your siscon is palpable."
Tomoki: "Did you say something?"
Taichi: "Nooo I diiiidn't."
That was a memory from when I was a first-year.
The beach was fun.
Even now, I can remember everyone frolicking around.
Touko: "Kiaaa!!? Where are you grabbing on to!!?"
Taichi: "The part of your swimsuit covering your butt."
Misato: "Hasekura-san......just what kind of relationship does she have with Kurosu-kun?"
Taichi: "Nn? Youko-chan?"
Touko: "Youko-chan!?"
Misato: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Youko-chan!!!?"
Tomoki: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Now you're the yakuza."
Misato: "No-not my body..."
Yuusa: "Ummm, excuse, excuse, excuse, me!!!!!"
Touko: "Iiidiot."
Yuusa: "Ah! Spin! Spinning!?"
Miki: "Ow, owwww, my forehead hurts..."
Misato: ......*muttering*
Taichi: "But it was fun."
Our fun sea bath ended there.
Miki's wound left a very small scar.
Even so, she was bright and cheerful on the way home.
As if she'd gained something through being hurt.
It was that kind of face.
Afterward, Misato-sempai returned to school to help carry the Broadcasting Club's newly delivered antenna.
Tomoki, who still hadn't broken off relations with his sister, said something sarcastic.
That siscon behavior of his was made fun of by Miki ever since, even into their third year at Gunjou.
Yuusa-chan, for the first time, opened her heart a little toward a group of other people.
That's what the beach meant to us.
I poked my head into the classroom, and Touko was there.
I stood still, surprised.
Taichi: "......Kirihara."
Her gaze lazily swam past me, almost as if she could see right through me.
Touko's cheeks were sunken.
Her skin was pale.
Her hair was falling apart.
The lamplight of her life was dimming.
She was resting her head indifferently on the desk.
Was Touko rotting away, untouched by anyone?
In this world where humanity has met its end.
Was she unable to endure the shock?
Everyone dies alone in the end.
But until they die, they have to keep living.
I approached her, and spoke to her.
As gently as I could.
Even if that's hypocrisy......I don't care.
Because I exist in order to commit hypocrisy.
Taichi: "I know you don't like it, but would you try coming to the club tomorrow?"
Touko: "......eh?"
She raised her gaze with an expression of perplexity and indecision.
Those haggard features took on a shade of scarlet, giving an impression both brave and tragic.
Taichi: "Okay?"
I left a water bottle and a wrapped sandwich on the table.
Leftovers from our sea bath.
There was just enough for one.
Touko gazed intently upon it.
Taichi: "If you don't eat up, you're going to get sick."
Touko: "......I have no appetite."
A hoarse voice.
Taichi: "Okay, I get it. Now you eat."
Touko: "............"
Her hand slowly extended.
Taking off the plastic.
Biting small pieces.
Taichi: "......take your time. There's water too."
Touko: "............uu!"
She covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Ah, are you okay?"
Touko: "I'm okay, don't worry about it."
She shook me off.
Her conduct was weak, but her will to reject was certain.
Taichi: "......Kiriharaaa..."
An awkward silence.
Touko: "I'll take this."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Touko: "I'll eat it at home."
Taichi: "Oh......are you sure?"
Touko: "......yes."
Touko: "Thank you."
She smoothly produced words of thanks.
Taichi: "......I plan to help out with the club on Sunday."
Taichi: "You should come if you feel up to it."
Taichi: "We'll put out an SOS."
Taichi: "Though we probably won't have a very wide range,"
Taichi: "We can do all kinds of directions and frequency bands and tuning."
Taichi: "Those are our new club activities."
Taichi: "......not bad, right?"
Touko: "......you're right."
I felt that I'd renovated just a little of my horrible relationship with Touko.
And then, Sunday.
The roof.
All the preparations had been made.
......but it wasn't meant to be.
The antenna had been destroyed.
Taichi: "......"
For a moment, I doubted my own eyes.
Something that Sempai had worked so hard to construct,
In an instant...it...
A part of my thoughts soon withdrew away from my emotions.
So that my thoughts could remain calm.
Who did this?
There are only eight people in the world.
There are only eight people, and yet...
Taichi: "Sempai!"
Misato: "............"
She was at the base of the destroyed spire.
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......!"
She turned around.
Her behavior was poignantly nervous.
My hand, which should have touched her shoulder, cut through empty air.
Misato: "......Peke...kun."
She said as if to push me away.
My heart screeched.
Because I caught a glimpse of her true will hidden in that intonation.
Tomoki: "Taichi!"
Tomoki: "What happened here?"
Sakuraba: "......"
The two of them arrived together.
Taichi: "I have no idea."
Our three pairs of eyes turned toward Sempai.
Misato: "......how could it have been me?"
She answered with a shaky voice.
Misato: "......how could anyone destroy something they made themselves?"
Taichi: "Well..."
There were such people.
When humanity was alive.
Wait...
Sempai herself destroyed it?
Is that a possibility?
Tomoki: "......Aneki, didn't you destroy it yourself?"
Misato: "Eh?"
Tomoki: "If it was finished, you'd have nowhere left to flee."
Tomoki: "So to bring yourself back to zero..."
Yes.
That's also a possibility.
Especially since Sempai is from Gunjou.
Tomoki: "You just made a path to keeping running away on."
Misato: "Wait a minute, that's all just too......"
The iron door opened.
Our conversation stopped.
Touko: "......?"
It was Touko.
Touko: "......guh...the three idiots."
Taichi: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Sakuraba: "......"
She must have found our neutral reactions odd, because she came toward us.
Taichi: "Why are you here?"
Touko: "Hasekura-sempai......sent a yabumi, saying she had something to talk to me about......"
She looked up at the destroyed antenna.
Touko: "It's...broken?"
Taichi: "It was broken."
Taichi: "......by someone."
Touko: "'Was broken'......by who?"
Tomoki: "Obviously,"
Tomoki: "One of us, here."
Touko's eyebrows narrowed.
Touko: "That's..."
Taichi: "It's not that delightful a subject."
Misato: "That's right, it's not delightful at all......to think I'd break it myself......that's impossible......"
Misato: "That's absolutely wrong."
She muttered.
Taichi: "This antenna used to be for the Broadcasting Club's activities......but we were planning on using it to send a rescue signal."
Touko: "Eh? Is that true?"
Taichi: "Isn't that true, Sempai?"
Misato: "......eh, ah, that's right."
Sempai hesitated slightly when the conversation suddenly turned in her direction.
Misato: "That was our intent."
Taichi: "That was meant to be Sempai's club."
Taichi: "It wasn't necessarily for running away. We had a specific goal in mind."
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "That's why I don't suspect Sempai at all."
Misato: "Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Don't take it too seriously."
Misato: "......okay."
Touko: "Wait a minute, aren't you just taking advantage of our confusion!?"
Taichi: "This calms her down."
Touko: "Isn't that something lovers would do!?"
I shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "Huhuhu, Sempai and I are true soulful lovers, as it were."
Sakuraba: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Misato: "......"
No one laughed, and no one retorted.
Taichi: "............"
Lame.
I looked over to Touko.
Taichi: (Touko) (Touko) (Help!)
Touko: "......eh? What? Why are you winking at me?"
She's so dense...
Taichi: "Never mind!"
Touko: "Why do you have to get mad at me......?"
Taichi: "Okay, let's quit searching for the culprit! Let's get everyone hustling to repair this thing so we can have a human drama while sending our SOS!"
Misato: "......that's impossible."
Taichi: "Why?!"
Misato: "Vital parts were burned. We can't repair it."
Taichi: "They were...burned...?"
She pointed to the materials at her feet.
Misato: "They poured gasoline on and burned it. You can still smell the fumes."
I had nothing to say.
The guy was that thorough...
Taichi: "Well, well...then there's no real point in chasing after the culprit..."
Misato: "I..."
Misato: "I want to know who the culprit is."
Taichi: "Hi......?"
Misato: "At the very least, it wasn't me. In which case, wasn't it one of you?"
Her words resembled bullets.
Release one, and you can't take it back.
Either it misses, or it wounds.
But Misato-sempai's words brought understanding.
Misato: "One of you betrayed us."
Those glasses of Sempai's were supposed to be gentle.
Although she did get mad.
I'd never thought she'd accuse someone.
Tomoki: "Are you......calling someone else a traitor?!"
Tomoki suddenly screamed.
Tomoki: "How dare you...to talk about betrayal---"
The moment Sakuraba moved, Tomoki fell.
Sakuraba: "......"
Did he hit him?
Did Sakuraba hit Tomoki?
Taichi: "Hey hey hey hey."
I can't let them follow up on this development.
Tomoki: "Owwww, what are you......?"
Sakuraba: "......why...did you break it?"
Those words were aimed at Tomoki.
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "Did you say he broke it?"
Sakuraba: "Why was there a need to break it?"
Sakuraba said seriously.
Tomoki: "......what are you saying? I had nothing to-"
Sakuraba: "I saw it."
Sakuraba: "I was watching you the moment you destroyed the antenna."
Tomoki: "......"
Misato: "Tomoki...you......"
Tomoki: "............"
At that moment, when Tomoki's mouth warped unnaturally,
Once again, the door opened.
Shrill sounds formed fissures in the silence.
It was Kiri and Miki.
And...
Kiri was armed.
Kiri: "Don't move!"
Everyone's movements froze. They were sewn in place.
Yes, sewed.
By the arrow held by the crossbow in Kiri's hands.
Kiri: "If you move, I'll shoot. This is no toy."
She couldn't be more right.
Buckmaster's Mark Point Crossbow.
It had an optional cocking attachment.
Possibly for female use.
But still, it was a powerful hunting weapon. A sense of unfaltering performance. More than enough lethal force.
It was probably at someone's house.
A town with so many overnight millionaires was truly defenseless.
Taichi: "......Kiri-chin."
Kiri: "Especially Kurosu Taichi! Don't move!"
Kiri: "You're the one I would most love to kill by mistake."
She's sneering.
Taichi: "............hey...hang on..."
Touko: "Wait! What's all this? I don't understand this at all!"
Touko: "Sakura, calm down a little."
When Touko took a step forward, the tip of the bow slid fifteen degrees to the left, pointing straight at her.
Kiri: "Please don't move."
Touko: "Wait! I have nothing to do with this!"
Kiri: "Yes you do."
Kiri raised her voice, speaking to everyone.
Kiri: "We are now independent."
Independent?
Sakuraba: "......which means?"
Kiri: "We draw the line from the hill in Upper Misaka with the housing complex, to the city hall building......that makes this place part of our territory."
Taichi: "Territoryyy?"
Kiri: "That means all of the food, water, clothing and other miscellaneous goods are now ours."
Touko: "You're monopolizing everything!?"
Kiri: "That's not it."
Kiri: "Groceries and other stores exist on the other side of the set boundary line."
Kiri: "At least thirty percent of them."
Kiri: "It's an appropriate distribution."
Taichi: "I understand it's appropriate. But why?"
Kiri felt let down by that question.
Kiri: "Because we can't trust any of you."
Touko: "......"
Kiri: "On the other side of Kounan Town, in the grove past the Sakai Bridge......"
Kiri: "There was a corpse."
An unvoiced shock ran through us.
Taichi: "A corpse......"
Kiri: "It was an old man's corpse. I couldn't confirm any details."
Kiri sealed off questions with a terse explanation, then continued.
Kiri: "I think......the culprit is one of you."
Taichi: "That's rather extraordinary."
Kiri: "You're the most suspicious one!"
She pointed her crossbow at me.
The arrow looked ready to fly off at any second.
Kiri: "Only you have previous offenses......you're the number one suspect!"
Sakuraba: "Previous offenses......?"
Previous offenses, huh?
That's certainly true.
Kiri: "But there is the possibility that it was someone else."
Next to Kiri, Miki lowered her face.
There was no impression that she'd say anything.
As if she was only wishing for this to end soon.
Taichi: "Aaah, I understand what you're trying to say now."
Taichi: "But we're all in the same group of friends, and as the last remnants of humanity---"
Kiri's words tore through mine.
Kiri: "I never once thought of you as a friend."
The roof froze in an instant.
Tomoki: "Well, isn't this a great opportunity?"
Horribly calm words.
Tomoki: "Besides, whatever we did there's no way this would've gone well."
Tomoki: "I don't even want to think about being friendly with this person."
Taichi: "Did you break the antenna?"
Tomoki: "Well, yeah."
Tomoki: "I couldn't allow Aneki to keep running away."
Misato: "......"
Tomoki: "She felt like she could run away alone if she stole everyone else's place of refuge."
Tomoki: "But if you're going to be harsh to others, you have to be harsh to yourself."
Disinterested words.
But it also seemed like he was speaking intimately.
Tomoki: "Independence. Isn't that a nice thought, Sakura?"
Kiri: "......we can't trust...any of you."
Sakuraba: "Is that okay with everyone?"
Misato: "......"
Touko: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "......"
The Status Quo of Seven People.
Something we should have lost.
What had once been a mere wreckage of friendships was now completely destroyed.
Ruptured; now breaking off.
It was there from the beginning. I just couldn't see it.
If each and every one of us had only been acting like we were friends...
That's wrong.
I'd never dreamed of something like this.
What I'd faintly expected was...
Wrong.
This isn't it.
This is no break off.
A self-involved club should've been just fine.
Where did we make a mistake?
Right from the beginning, everything might've been just one magnificent mistake.
The existence called Kurosu Taichi.
The school called Gunjou.
The town called Upper Misaka.
The grocer's called the Tasaki Shop.
The omnipotence called the world.
Taichi: "It's all wrong."
I whispered softly.
My field of vision was controlled by black silhouettes.
The shadows fought wars of words.
I want to make it end.
I want to make everything end.
Even though the present is nothing but dregs, it's unbearably painful.
When humanity was destroyed, I thought that all friction between people would disappear with it.
But this is how things are.
Eight people.
Just eight people.
They'll still fight and hate each other.
That's it.
I learned the truth.
I comprehended it.
It's hopeless unless I'm alone.
There can't be more than one.
If I'm not the only one, people remain people.
Individual.
Individual.
Individual.
How to become individual?
I became dizzy.
Miki: "......kill him, kill him!"
Miki screamed. Not that it mattered anymore.
Kiri: "Miki?"
Miki: "Hurry, hurry up and kill him!"
Miki: "If you don't kill him right now-!"
......it doesn't matter. I'm fine with murder-suicide.
Do as you wish.
What was it, I wonder?
Yes, a gentle world.
It's a gentle world.
A world overflowing with affection, so much so that even I can live on pretending to be human.
That reality.
......how do I do it?
It's obvious.
Against those that move...
Use these eyes...
The world has only motion and silence.
Make motion into silence.
That thought process certainly existed.
I might have started walking without knowing it.
****: "**************"
Someone's voice.
I couldn't make it out.
****: "********!"
I didn't even know who it was.
I turned around...
Again, you must see the backgrounds. Fortunately this one's simple; just the previous one with a layer of red over it.
It felt like my body had been pushed into the ground with a thud.
Taichi: "......nn."
'That's right,' I thought.
I came to a strange understanding.
One arrow piercing through my own chest.
That's right.
That's right, that's right.
I must have moved.
So Kiri shot me.
It was actually easy to understand.
*****: "**************---!?"
Who is that?
I wonder who's worrying about me?
Maybe Sempai?
Maybe Touko?
Maybe Miki?
If it's Sakuraba or Tomoki......that'd be painful...
Sorry, I'm going to die.
I wasn't able to keep......the vow of the peach park......
Well, I'd actually broken it a long time ago.
Hahaha.
Hahahaha.
I wanted to laugh but I had no voice.
From my chest, a hazy pressure welled up.
Looking at my chest, I saw that the blood I'd thrown up had flowed down to my feet.
This is a big deal.
Shit, I'm really going to die.
I don't want to die...
I really, really want to live.
I want to do a lot of perverted things, and watch television, even see the conclusions of several serialized manga. 
No...I don't wanna die...
Aaah, but I'm a young adult candidate, so I wonder if I can bring myself back to life with some magical power.
A pretty girl will cling on to my remains, letting her tears fall, and when those drops touch me they'll sparkle brightly for a moment and resurrect me.
That'd be emotional.
Then, for now I guess I'll try to meet my death with some kind of gag.
It's a cool thing for a guy to do.
I can't talk, and I can't move most of my body......so I can't do anything that flashy.
Hey, I can't do a damn thing.
Uwaa, am I going to die like this!? I can't stand it!
Someone please drop a washtub on my head!!
Give me...give me a laugh!
Dowaa, blood is horrible!
It's even wider than before. The whole surface is bloody.
For this much blood to flow out of one human......there must be a lot in them.
Everything was red.
If I can still recognize color, then I'm still me.
Had I 『returned』 by the skin of my teeth?
Yes.
It's a good thing.
Suddenly, sensation returned to me above the neck.
It's probably temporary.
The shock is restoring muscles in every part of my body.
......although it won't last that long.
My consciousness was already dim.
My breathing was already unnaturally short and shallow.
I couldn't even tell if I was in pain.
When I looked up...
The red had expanded without end.
......'Not bad,' I thought.
At that moment, I died.
I killed some time.
It became evening.
I wonder if Sempai is still here.
The temperature seemed to have loosened alongside my memory.
The indigo curtain I could see from the roof had already taken on a crimson tinge.
There was no gust of wind blowing.
A time of twilight as quiet as a neutered cat.
No one's here.
I looked around for Misato-sempai.
Taichi: "Ah."
She was lying beside the antenna.
Taichi: "There she is."
She's sleeping.
Misato: "......"
Soft, regular breathing.
That sound, which didn't even overcome the background noise, possessed a mysterious musical quality which numbed my thoughts.
In, out, in, out.
Gentle, harmless breathing.
Her natural, undecorated form.
It held no lies.
No impurity.
When sleeping, everyone returns to an innocent age.
*stare*
Her closed eyes cannot behold the clarity of dusk as it envelops the earth.
For a long time,
I watched Sempai,
With envy and admiration.
Taichi: "......"
I wonder how long I did that for.
Her healthy breathing ceased, and her eyelids shuddered.
Her long eyelashes twitched subtly.
Her eyes opened slightly.
Taichi: "......you really are great, Sempai."
Misato: "Ah......what......?"
With her sense of language dulled, Sempai's voice was as artless as a child's.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "......Kurosu......kun?"
Taichi: "I'm Peke."
Misato: "Peke-kun......"
That nickname she just recited is reserved only for Sempai's use.
Misato: "......nn, don't......"
Misato: "Don't watch me sleep......"
She covered her pupils with both arms, and her body writhed faintly.
Everyone wants to hide their defenseless form.
And that desire to hide means there are lies within one's normal self.
So that also applies to Sempai.
......I cut off those cold thoughts.
Sempai finally got up.
Misato: "When did you get here?"
Taichi: "Just now."
Misato: "......hmmm."
A suspicious look.
Taichi: "It's true."
I tried surrendering by raising both of my hands.
Taichi: "I don't tell lies to Sempai."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "Anyway, it's dangerous to nod off in the middle of the day."
Taichi: "You could dehydrate or get sunstroke."
Misato: "Mm, that's true."
She held back a yawn.
Her glasses were crooked.
My hand moved.
Misato: "Eh......?"
I took her glasses with both hands and gently repositioned them.
Taichi: "Now Sempai's back to normal."
Misato: "......that's dangerous too."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "That side of Peke-kun is dangerous."
I think she's a bit mad.
Taichi: "What side? How so?"
Misato: "Think about it while looking in a mirror."
Taichi: "Haaaan!!!"
Uwa, this girl's saying things that make me want to cry!
Taichi: "You mean......I'm ugly!!? Uwaaaa, you know I'm sensitive about that!!!"
Misato: "Eh, no that's not......"
Taichi: "Hideous......I'm hideous......Mommy......"
Misato: "Aaaah, you know that's not what I meant, right?"
Taichi: "Because I was born hideous......"
Misato: "I'm trying to say-"
Taichi: "That's okay, I know I'm ugly. It's perfectly natural. I'm a disgusting man."
Misato: "No, that's not......well, your face did surprise me the first time we met."
Taichi: "......"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "............"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "........................"
Well, your face did surprise me the first time we met.
Taichi: "Ha, hawawa, hawawawawa......"
Misato: "Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Gyuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!?"
Taichi: "Wiiion! Wiiion!" (Alarm)
Taichi: "Guii, Guii, Piiwian!" (Propulsion Sounds)
Misato: "Wa! Peke-kun's state of mind is-!"
Taichi: "My name is Creator, the existence which rules humanity!"
Misato: "Wa, wa, Peke-kun's a trite creationist from a twenty-year-old video game!?"
Taichi: "Wherefore doth thou disobey me? Within my control thou shalt enjoy eternal peace!"
Misato: "Question."
Taichi: "What be it?"
Misato: "Why are you using such unnaturally old diction?"
Taichi: "Gogogogogogogogogogogogogogo!!"
Misato: "I'm sorry, it really doesn't matter!"
Taichi: "Star Buster ready to fire!"
Misato: "Ei!"
Taichi: "Gufu!"
Taichi: "......haa, where am I?"
Misato: "Thank goodness, you're back."
Taichi: "How strange..."
Misato: "What happened?"
Taichi: "I was told something incredibly shocking, and I had a dream where I got revenge with the humanity annihilation bomb Star Buster, but......I can't remember the shock which motivated me to do so."
Misato: "So it was that kind of bomb......"
Taichi: "Hmmm, what was it..."
Misato: "Peke-kun is too concerned about looks. Remember, people are souls."
Taichi: "My looks......?"
Ah, that's right.
Misato: 『Well, your face did surprise me (with its ugliness) the first time we met.』
Taichi: "Ooooooooo."
Misato: "Again......"
Taichi: "Geronimo!!!"
Misato: "......who?"
Taichi: "Uu, hiku, egu!"
Misato: "What should I......?"
Sempai was flustered.
Taichi: "Sempaaai!"
I tried hugging her. (daringly)
Misato: "......uu."
Sempai's body stiffened for a moment.
Her arms loitered in midair.
Taichi: "It's not like, I wanted to be born ugly......which is why I'm trying to live cleanly......to avoid bringing pain to others"......*sob*......
Misato: "AaaaAAA."
Sempai's body gradually lost its stiffness.
Misato: "Peke-kun."
She held me softly.
Taichi: "......"
I buried my face into her full bosom.
Buried it around and around.
I could smell her sweet flesh through her uniform.
I was getting dizzy.
A hint of sweat.
Strangely, that too was fragrant.
And sooooft.
Squishy to no end.
Misato: "......nn......"
My restlessly moving face must have been tickling Sempai.
Misato: "Excuse me......"
I continued pretending to cry.
Misato: "I mean it."
Misato: "Regardless of how you look, Peke-kun, your eyes are really deep and pretty."
Hesitation.
But that dissipated in an instant.
Misato: "......if you approach me so suddenly, I'm going to be startled."
Taichi: "Are you sure?"
Misato: "Yes, that's why I told you to look in a mirror."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "Will you stop crying now?"
Taichi: "......yes."
I removed my face with a broken heart.
Who knows when this kind of opportunity will come again.
Misato: "Peke-kun, you're quite the crybaby."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "You're going to burn bridges if you keep that up."
Burn them, burn them, my heart cried out.
Scorch me to the bone...
Misato: "Maybe you'd like to become my little brother?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Immediate decision.
Taichi: "I hope our relationship as siblings shall blossom in the future."
Misato: "Eh!?"
Taichi: "I'll get my things right away, so wait at your house."
Misato: "What!?"
Taichi: "But should I have a look around the place first? After all, I need to know whether siblings sleep in the same futon or not."
Misato: "Ah, umm, you know, Peke-kun......"
Taichi: "To be honest I've always been lonely at night......thank you, my nee-san......no, you deserve to be called hime-nee-sama."
Misato: "Wha...what should I do?"
Sempai whispered in the direction of the day after tomorrow.
Taichi: "I'm kidding."
Misato: "......"
Her expression became something unfriendly before my very eyes.
Misato: "Peeekeee-kuuunnn!"
Taichi: "I thought it would soften the mood."
Taichi: "Was I wrong?"
I tried pretending I was about to cry again.
Misato: "Uu."
Misato: "......"
A sigh.
Misato: "Seriously......that's not fair."
Taichi: "Not fair?"
Misato: "That's a private matter."
Although she seemed to be fuming a fair bit,
I think she's forgiven me.
Sempai truly is kind.
As we wasted time, the night approached.
Daylight hours ended, and the darkness came upon us.
  -Help out
  -Go home
Taichi: "Anyway, what about the club?"
Misato: "......well..."
Sempai stared at me intensely.
Misato: "Did you come here to help?"
Taichi: "Yes!"
Misato: "Is that so...?"
Her quiet, hardened gaze wouldn't waver.
Finally, Sempai's face formed a soft smile.
Misato: "Thank you very much, Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Do not thank me. It is merely my duty as a soldier of the empire."
I saluted.
She chuckled.
Misato: "But unfortunately, it's already nighttime."
Misato: "The time for fun club activities is over!"
Taichi: "Eeeh?"
Misato: "I'm sorry. I decided to do this all on my own, and then I let the time run away."
Taichi: "But can you really finish on your own? Especially with the wiring and such."
Taichi: "Come to think of it, the power supply-"
Misato: "It's fine."
Misato: "Women are courageous."
Taichi: "Then men are amorous."
Taichi: "Sempai, I'm..., I'm..."
As I edged closer to her,
Misato: "Club iiis oveeer!!"
Taichi: "Gufuu-"
With my face shoved by her hand, I became even uglier.
And when I said, 『Gufuu,』 I felt like I'd just sunk to the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
Misato: "Now, let's go home! Unfortunately, our houses are in opposite directions, hohohoho."
Taichi: "......shouldn't you be unsatisfied with this?"
Misato: "Why? We had a lot of fun today, didn't we?"
Taichi: "Hmm, I wonder about that..."
Misato: "When you had your face buried in my chest, weren't you touching my butt?"
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "I'm amazed how hard you were squeezing."
Misato: "And with both hands."
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "It really tickled."
Taichi: "♪♪"
I whistled in the direction of the day after tomorrow.
Misato: "You are, after all, a b-o-y."
She rubbed her fist all over my temple.
That hurt.
There was no chance of tricking her into stopping.
Taichi: "Uuu......I'm sorry......"
Misato: "Then again, that also means,"
Misato: "I have at least that much value as a woman."
Misato: "That, or Peke-kun has low standards."
Taichi: "Nonono, I may be a komusou, but I have standards!"
Taichi: "I can't believe you even thought of lumping me in with them!!"
As I desperately tried to distract her, I threw out lame emergency gags.
Misato: "Huhuhu."
Sempai tilted her head up to the dense, orange backdrop of the evening sky.
Misato: "I'll forgive you, so go home and think about what you did."
Misato: "This is goodbye, Peke-kun."
As I left the school building, I looked up at the roof.
The antenna was standing there.
Beside it,
Sempai still remained.
She'd been working.
Even though it's almost night.
By herself.
This was the first time I realized it.
Sempai had always been gently rejecting anyone who offered her help.
Taichi: "I guess I should be going."
Misato: "Aah, that's right."
Misato: "This is a perfect time to go home."
Taichi: "Sleep when it's dark, wake up when it's morning."
Taichi: "That's how humans wish to exist."
Misato: "Yes, indeed they do."
Misato: "Then let's call an end to today's club activities."
It's a natural thing.
Taichi: "Shall we go home together?"
Misato: "Aren't we going in opposite directions?"
Taichi: "Were we now?"
Misato: "......you know where my house is."
*glare*
Taichi: "I'll take my leave now! Woof!"
I had no choice but to pull back immediately.
In exchange,
Until I disappeared into the school building, Sempai watched me while waving her small hand in front of her chest.
My heart jumped for joy.
Miki: "Ah, Sempaiii."
Taichi: "Yo."
I ran into Miki as she stood by the wall with nothing to do.
From the looks of things, Miki isn't receiving that much of a shock.
Though she might just be pretending to be fine.
Taichi: "Are you eating properly?"
Miki: "Ha...thanks to the club, I am, somehow."
Taichi: "......you mean the other club."
Miki: "Yes."
Proper Title: Active Life Maintenance Club.
Taichi: "......Kiri-chin's participating too, I'd bet."
Miki: "Yes. She's excellent."
Taichi: "Yeah, excellent."
Miki: "It's strange that Sempai isn't participating."
Taichi: "Nnn, you there, Kiri-chin and I---"
As I was talking, Kiri-chin came out of the bathroom.
Taichi: "Did you flush?"
Miki: "Th-th-th-th-the forbidden questionnnn!!?"
*grind*
Kiri ground her teeth.
Kiri: "......Kurosu Taichi!"
No honorific?
And treating me like an archenemy?
Kiri: "............"
She sent me a cold gaze.
Kiri hadn't changed a bit, behaving exactly as usual.
I was a bit reassured.
Taichi: "Kiri, your skin is as beautiful as ever."
I extended my fingers.
Kiri: "Please don't touch me!"
I was shot down by a pliant hand.
*shiver* *shiver*  *shiver*  *shiver!*
Taichi: "......nice."
Kiri: "......ha?"
Taichi: "Never mind."
I brushed aside my bangs.
Miki: "Awawa, you can't fight."
Taichi: "We're doing nothing as savage as fighting."
Taichi: "I want this to be a graceful duel."
Kiri: "......does that mean you're challenging me to a duel, Sempai?"
Taichi: "Yes, if you mean a duel at night."
Miki: "Po!"
Kiri: "Let's go, Miki."
Kiri pulled Miki's arm and turned her heels.
Taichi: "Let's go, let's go, excuse me!"
I lined up with them.
The three of us are very friendly.
Three gorgeous sisters like canola blossoms!
This is a story about the beautiful dream of those three little girls♪
......obviously not.
Kiri: "Sempai......"
Taichi: "Oh, you noticed me♪"
Kiri: "The only one who didn't notice was the Sempai here with the shallow mind."
Taichi: "But my mind's gray."
Kiri: "We won't know for sure unless we break you open."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Kiri didn't laugh.
Kiri: "......considering the situation, you're quite carefree."
Taichi: "Oh no, don't compliment me so. It's embarassing, you know?"
Kiri: "......"
Kiri: "But I...I know. That's why..."
Taichi: "Ho-eh?"
Kiri: "I have no absolutely no intention of lowering my guard around you."
The two of them walked away.
Taichi: "......haaa."
What was that?
That sweetly pressing......atmosphere.
I called out to both their backs.
Taichi: "Aah, you two."
But only Miki stopped and turned around.
Taichi: "Aaah......"
I hesitated to say it.
Taichi: "Please take good care of yourselves."
A safe spot.
Now that we've been cut off from civilization, managing our health is a serious concern.
Miki energetically pumped her fist, and Kiri looked away after one glance.
The construction of the antenna seems to be progressing slowly, but steadily.
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......nnah, nnnaah?"
Taichi: "What's the meaning of this? You sleeping for so long..."
Misato: "No, I wasn't sleeping."
She staggered to her feet.
Misato: "Anyway, good morning."
Taichi: "Good morning, Sempai."
Taichi: "Won't you die from the heat if you sleep here in the middle of the day?"
Misato: "Ah, right, that's true. I'll be more careful."
Sempai wiped her glasses with the hem of her skirt.
......I can see her panties.
This girl's still half-asleep.
Could she possibly have stayed here all night?
I didn't have the courage to ask.
Plump thighs.
Come to think of it, in Japan of late,
There are loliskis rushing for their lolis against all the trends and regulations of society.
A certain critical part of the media aside, it'd be unforgivable were there not lolis.
And I, Kurosu Taichi, have one thing to say to that world!
That is a sickness!
Young girls are cute too, but these thighs and glimpses of light blue cloth are also great things.
Misato: "Nyamu......"
She held back a yawn while wiping her glasses.
Honest.
This is Sempai's honest face.
Her skirt fell back into place.
Sempai put her glasses back on.
Misato: "I'm sleepy......"
Taichi: "I bet you are."
Misato: "Uhhh, what were you here for?"
Taichi: "Work, please."
Misato: "Why are you talking with your back to me?"
Taichi: "I can only say that it is due to a solid, three-dimensional problem."
Misato: "Philosophical...that's very philosophical."
Though it's actually a very vulgar and fleshy reason.
Taichi: "I'll be participating in the club, so can I have some work, please?"
Misato: "Aaannn......"
Sempai muttered to herself.
I'm listening to her, but I can't make out much.
I caught these fragments:
Misato: 『I was an idiot for worrying.』
Misato: 『It's not like I've been running.』
Misato: 『...like a dog...』
Misato: 『...taking a liking...』
Misato: 『...not a nuisance or anything...』
Misato: 『...as someone to hang out with...』
Misato: 『I'm the older one after all.』
Misato: 『Hic!』
That last one's a hiccup.
Isn't there something weird about her?
Though she's always a subtly weird and wonderful lady, today it feels like she's broken down.
Taichi: "Se-Sempai?"
Misato: "Script......"
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Pleeease write a draft."
She said with drowsy eyes.
Taichi: "A draft? Of what?"
Misato: "A draft of the pilot broadcast of the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Taichi: "Aaah, so you want a broadcast script that we can send flying through the air with this antenna."
Misato: "That's right. What we desire is intelligent emotion, tears and truth. Is a revival of well-aged youth culture refreshing to listeners' ears something beyond our Broadcasting Club's hands, I mean voices, to realize!?"
Several bottles of sake had been rolling around Sempai's feet.
Taichi: "Ooooooooh!!?"
Misato: "Lack of morals, overextended egoistic individualism, basic rights used to allow time to be spent lazily, modern society being infected by these kinds of corruptive hazards--
Misato: "Is it something we youngsters possessing mutually constructed friendships are capable of? I think our Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is capable of providing a satisfactory answer to this question."
Taichi: "Your Japanese is really good..."
Misato: "Ku-ku-ku......"
She's laughing.
Her clenched fist wandered aimlessly in the air, then fell into her pocket.
It came out.
Holding a cup.
Taichi: "Aaah, aaah, aaah......"
This is reckless.
She looked wonderful, even when chugging sake.
She's like a middle-aged man......
Misato: "You'll write a manuscript."
She said with sunken eyes.
Taichi: "O...okay......"
Misato: "The deadline is Sunday."
Taichi: "Okay."
Misato: "Wonderful!"
Misato: "Then I think I shall rely on you to write that manuscript, and I think I'd like to take a nap here."
Taichi: "Why do you sound foreign?"
Misato: "Uuu."
She sprawled out on the floor.
Taichi: "You can't!"
Misato: "Kuhuhuhuhuhuhu."
Taichi: "Sempai, come on Sempai."
Misato: "Refreshing..."
Is she asleep?
That hard-working Sempai was drinking......
Taichi: "Umm, for now......why don't you sleep in the health room?"
Misato: "Go aheadly, Peke-kun......"
Sempai renounced all with those misinflected words.
Taichi: "You know I'm going to have to carry you there, right?"
Misato: "ZZZ......"
Taichi: "You know I might touch your breasts and butt, right?"
Taichi: "You know you might be missing your panties when you wake up, right?"
Taichi: "When you wake up......'Why do I feel a draft in my crotchy?......What?! I'm not wearing panties!? How did this happen!?
'Did I do anything slutty? It can't be......that's......no......ah, I'm wet......what have I been doing?'"
Taichi: "But I'll have been the one that did something!"
I punched my own temporal lobe.
Taichi: "Seriously......"
I'm a hopeless person.
To start with, I held Sempai up in a sitting position.
*plop*
Her head fell forward.
She really is sleeping.
Taichi: "......aaah, something......something about this feels wrong......"
*squeeze*
I hugged her.
A pair of sensations at my chest like balloons bursting.
Taichi: "I'm moved."
And my next movement......
My hands rummaged around her back,
Found her bra hook,
And unhooked it. (Required Time: 0.5 seconds)
I loosened the entire bra, and gradually pulled it out through the gap just above her necktie. 
While it was still at body temperature, I affixed it to my nose.
The s-c-e-n-t.
Taichi: "......I have received my remuneration for nursing you, Misato-sempai."
I put it in my pocket, then began to carry Sempai on my back.
She's pretty heavy.
But the moderately emerging pair of sensations wouldn't stop.
Those breasts.
Bare boobs covered only by a single shirt.
My breathing became rough, and a tent was constructed.
The birth of Tentman.
Taichi: "Now, let's go."
Besides, there's no one watching.
Not good, not good.
The sensation spurring me on was so wonderful that I ended up walking all over the school for no reason.
Now...
There's no one in the health room.
I laid Sempai down on an empty bed.
Taichi: "Good night, Sempai. Sweet dreams."
Taichi: "......"
*kiss*
Taichi: "And now..."
Finally, the beginning of the day.
......no, it was just her cheek.
One nice thing about living in the country: the nights aren't painfully hot.
The wind slipping in through my window was nice and cold on my skin.
I have a lot of things to write about today.
I have to write both my diary and the manuscript.
I'll start with the manuscript.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Text befitting a pilot broadcast...
Taichi: "............"
{}THIS IS HARD.
Write, erase, write, erase.
A battle with one step back for every step forward.
After an hour, I fell down on my desk.
Hey! You've only written two lines there!
『We are the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club. Everything within broadcast range has now been annexed by us. Everyone promptly abandon your weapons and---』
Taichi: "No! No! No! No!"
I tore up the manuscript paper.
I tried too hard to get attention, and completely lost sight of our goals!!!!!
I should make it more serious.
Trying to work a little humor in just makes it sound weird.
Taichi: "Enough."
I can't get in the mood tonight.
I'll write my diary instead.
Objectify your emotions!
Who was the one who stuffed curry into the bread in the first place?
That question has always tormissed me. 
*tormiss = Taichi's typo. A theoretical error in which he tied the meaning of "torment" to the connotation of "misplace."
In the same way, Taichi mistakenly thought that turtlenecks were 'totalnecks' because they totally cover his neck.
But going belly and forth in search of an answer will only leave me with a hollow feeling at the end of the day.
*belly = Taichi's typo
Baudelaire once said:
『God is dead.』
It may be easy to doubt the existence of a god, but for those who never give his existence a second thought, and believe life is a straight line laid out for them every day, he'll suddenly profit forks in their paths.  
*profit = Taichi's typo of 'prepare'
For ex{ae}mple, the time to roll out a hairless conversation with an obstinate woman.
*hairless = confused with 'profitless'
For ex{ae}mple, the time I met with a good friend of mine and an estranged friend of mine at the same moment.
And the time those two rebuilt a friendly relationship between themselves.
Regarding either one of them, I'd ××× until I couldn't not feel the towering will to ×××× them both equally with the mysterious ××× near her nose and mouth ×××× when I would, along with priceless love--
The ××× which was ×××× as it did ××× it would ×××× ×××××××××××× but ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××.
『What we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence.』
These are Kierkegaard's famous words.
I will now leave the subject of Kiri-jou's elegant androgyny and my just passion toward her.
For that is not the only pleasure in life.
Yes.
The Sempai of my life whom I met on the roof, with her maternal open-mindedness and loving affection. No matter how much I wrote about Misato-jou, the bling would never end.
*bling = Taichi's typo for 'bliss'
First, there are her indescribable thighs, which were (censored).
And in my hands, there remained the bra which was once attached to her body.
When I breathed through it, though it had already lost its body heat, the girl's faint smell took me away to yet another strong delusional delusion.
‾FIN‾
It's clear.
This abundant poetic sentiment and philosophy.
If I'd been born in the artistic metropolis of London, this literary talent I'd just gushed out would've made me a star.
Wow, I can really get full of myself after using a couple of slightly challenging words.
I have to keep using precise vocabulary words like 'denomination,' 'tautology' and 'irony' without translating them into simple Japanese.
Taichi: "Nnn."
I stretched and relaxed.
Being an author wouldn't be too bad.
Though there are a few parts too overly violent for modern Japan which would have to be censored.
That's it, this is how I'll write the manuscript.
I'll compose a showy, dazzling, pedantic scroll for broadcast, and try to make a manuscript that's both high-brow and delicate for the intelligentsia.
Abruptly motivated, I retook my pen.
When I got to the classroom, there was no one there.
Not even Touko, who was always sitting sullenly in her seat.
Taichi: "Now then,"
I took out the manuscript paper from my book bag.
I'd finished it in one night.
I'll go get it okayed right away.
To the roof.
Misato: "Peke-kun."
She met me with a suspicious gaze.
Taichi: "Oya, president."
Taichi: "For what reason are you guarding your chest?"
Misato: "......that's......"
Her face turned red.
Misato: "Umm, yesterday, I don't remember it very well."
Taichi: "I'm not surprised."
Misato: "I-I couldn't have...?"
Taichi: "Wh-what is it?"
I played dumb.
Misato: "............"
She looked down, and agonized.
But the arms covering her chest wouldn't waver by an iota.
Taichi: "Anyway, let's go over here."
I grabbed Sempai's wrist and pulled.
Misato: "Kyawa!!?"
Sempai screamed hastily.
Misato: "Stoooooop!"
Taichi: "He?"
Misato: "Suke......"
Taichi: "Suke?"
Misato: "Suke, suke......"
Misato: "Sukeepugooto."
Taichi: "Scapegoat."
In my head, I thought of a single goat in a grassy field.
Misato: "I don't want to be a scapegoat."
Taichi: "Neither would I."
Misato: "We have to be careful about that."
Taichi: "Haa."
Taichi: "But I didn't want to make Sempai into a scapegoat; I only wanted to move you into the shade."
Misato: "Ah, that's right. Then let's do that."
She's loosening up.
We moved.
Taichi: "By the way Sempai, you were drinking sake yesterday."
Misato: "Ah, eh, aaah."
Misato: "......I'm sorry."
Her body withered.
Taichi: "It was troublesome."
Misato: "You don't mean I......was drunk and......did something extreme?"
Yes, she's hooked.
Taichi: "Yes, you were putting on such a shameless performance that I cannot speak of it."
Misato: "-!?"
Sempai's eyes became a 『×』 stretched horizontally.
She was completely lost for words.
Misato: "Aaaah!!"
Taichi: "But fear not. I dealt with it in such a manner that no one saw a thing."
Misato: "......aah, so that's what happened......thank you very much."
Sempai lowered her head, leaving one matter untouched.
Misato: "But, I...exactly what kind of unseemly......?"
Taichi: "Do you want to know?"
Misato: "......"
Hesitation.
Taichi: "Are you going to take responsibility for it?"
Misato: "What?"
This time her eyes turned into dots.
Taichi: "I mean, if I tell you, will you feel like doing that?"
Misato: "Hawawawa."
Taichi: "Oh no, if you think about it calmly, it's no big deal."
Misato: "Is...is that true?"
Taichi: "Do you want to know?"
Sempai thought about it with crossed eyes for a fairly long time.
Misato: "............yes."
Taichi: "It wasn't really a big deal, but-"
Taichi: "Using the antenna's wiring over there, you put on a naked ribbon dance, facing this way so I could take pic-"
Misato: "I'm finished."
She collapsed with a soft thud.
Misato: "To whom it may concern, how might we deign to spend our days after my spring hibernation......" 
She read aloud a fictional letter.
Taichi: "Sempai, get a grip."
Misato: "......I never thought my life could reach an even lower low......"
Taichi: "I dealt with it skillfully, so-"
Misato: "On top of that......my bra......"
Taichi: "You mean, it hath not returned home?"
Sempai nodded silently.
Taichi: "Then, right now......you're as you were when you woke up?"
Again, a nod.
Taichi: "Then,"
I swallowed.
Right now, Sempai is,
Under that thin, nearly see-through shirt,
Nake-...naked!!!
Underrrrrrr her clothesssss she's nakedddddddd!!
......wait, come to think of it, all the girlies of the world are naked under their clothes.
Well, the point is......she's bra-less.
And Sempai's are large.
And her shirt is tight, so they stand out.
I get it, that's why she's acting weird.
Taichi: "For now, why not go home and take a shower?"
Misato: "Do I smell bad?"
Misato: "I did wipe myself down with the school's water......"
Ah, what a nice stew...
If I'd woken up sooner maybe I would've chanced upon it.
Why can't I get swept into events like that?
That's simply unacceptable. I'm a failure as an eero.
*eero = Taichian for a heroic being with erotic behavior.
Taichi: "Sempai, please leave it to me."
Misato: "?"
I returned to the classroom.
I took out a sports towel from my belongings.
Taichi: "Will this work as a substitute?"
I held it out.
Misato: "Peke-kuuun."
Sempai was moved to the point of tears.
Taichi: "That's bleached cotton, right? If you put this in, I think it'll at least be harder to see through."
Misato: "You're such a good boy......"
As tears welled up, she took the towel.
Misato: "Please wait just a moment. If you move I'll __ you."
Taichi: "Yeees."
Sempai took shelter nearby.
I feel like I want to be __'ed, but I'll let it go.
Taichi: "......"
What kind of __ could it be...
Maybe, she's going to __ the tip of my rod with the two wild strawberries at the tips of her breasts......
Taichi: "Aaaaah, you idiot! Idiot! Idiot! I'm an idiot!"
A few minutes later.
Misato: "Yaa, Peke-kun, good morning!!!"
She reappeared with an absurdly bright face.
And with her breasts covered.
Misato: "Today's another summer day. It looks like this heat isn't going away anytime soon."
Taichi: "I...I couldn't agree more."
Misato: "So, what are you up to this morning?"
Taichi: "I've come to deliver the manuscript you requested from me yesterday."
Misato: "Manuscript? You wrote a script for our pilot broadcast?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "Peke-kun, that's amazing. I had no idea you would do such a thing."
Her expression was filled with goodwill and admiration.
Taichi: "It was nothing, really..."
I twisted like a bread roll.
Misato: "Do you mind if I see it?"
Taichi: "Here doth it be."
Misato: "Then,"
I passed her the manuscript paper.
Sempai's eyes became stricter than usual.
Her gaze ran lightly across the page.
Taichi: "......"
In no time at all,
Sempai raised her head.
A full smile. If I were to compare it to something......the Holy Mother.
The Holy Mother's heavenly light.
With a halo over her, she spoke.
Misato: "Rejected."
Taichi: "Waffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!"
Through the fence, I cried out to the town.
Taichi: "I'll resubmit it......"
Misato: "I'll be waiting."
I shuffled back indoors.
Taichi: "Ah, right, right, please be sure to return that towel without washing it."
Misato: "What?"
At the moment Sempai tilted her head,
The various building materials propped up around her slowly began to move.
Taichi: "OH! Dangerous!"
Misato: "Eh?"
I won't make it!
Stepladder, needles, tools......all of those things,
All rained down on Sempai.
Rained down---
Misato: "......nnn......"
Sempai woke up.
Taichi: "Thank goodness......you're unhurt......I was worried."
Misato: "Didn't I...?"
Taichi: "Hic, thank God it wasn't anything serious......"
Taichi: "Nee-san."
Misato: "Incorrect."
Taichi: "That hurts."
She'd returned to normal, and said,
Misato: "Please tell me what happened."
Taichi: "Sempai got injured."
Taichi: "I did first aid and carried you here."
Taichi: "Then, just now, you woke up."
Misato: "I...got injured?"
Taichi: "Just a little."
Misato: "Ummm......?"
Sempai touched every part of her body.
Bandages were wrapped around her arms.
Medical tape was stretched across various parts of her body.
Misato: "Ow-ow-ow-ow, I hurt all over......"
Taichi: "You have light bruises all over your body."
Misato: "......I'm so careless."
Taichi: "But thankfully, it's nothing serious."
Misato: "......thank you, Peke-kun, for calling to me."
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Now, back to the club......"
Taichi: "Hey, hey, don't move."
I pushed her back down.
Misato: "Why shouldn't I?"
Taichi: "Fundamentally, it's no big deal, but......"
I gently pulled up the sheets, then her skirt,
Exposing her bare thighs. Bare...thighs...
Misato: "........................"
Taichi: "See, right here on your bare thighs, you've got a small cut. So you should take the day off from club......"
Misato: "Hafu, hafu."
Her mouth opened and closed like a fish.
Taichi: "Uwa, blood's oozing out."
Blood.
Taichi: "May I change your bandages?"
She nodded mechanically.
I brought new bandages over and changed them.
Taichi: "Not to change the subject, but,"
Taichi: "You have sexy legs."
Misato: "I'll do it myself."
Taichi: "Eh, no you can't. Please leave it to me."
Misato: "No...please let me......"
Taichi: "But,"
I looked at her thighs.
Blood oozed out.
Not good.
Taichi: "But,"
Such pretty blood...
Is flowing out of her...
Red blood.
Red. Red.
I felt dizzy, and closed my eyes.
Then opened them.
Aaah......
The world's always vague.
Everything that stirs will turn red with just a touch.
Simple. It's a simple thing.
All my senses were strengthened, and I became able to see the invisible.
The range of the visible light spectrum changed.
My vision became indistinctly hazy, and I became highly sensitive to motion.
I abruptly forgot what I was.
The sensation of my consciousness switching.
I moved.
My sense of being was vague.
Some part of me knew that I was not myself.
A red spot in the center of my range of vision.
I tried to approach it.
Static.
There seems to have been some kind of phenomenon.
I don't know the details.
My body can't sense them.
I had joined with the world, and that feeling of omnipotence became everything.
Static.
Just what is this?
Something heterogeneous in the world.
A red spot.
Aaah.
Aaah, I get it.
I've been erring.
That which I could see had been unilaterally designated as my daily life.
But that wasn't actually true.
That contradiction brought about constriction and innovation within my range of vision.
The beast who'd attained understanding of his role fidgeted from delight.
A beast who constructed instincts which follow rules, impulses and groupings contrary to the present age.
Taichi: "wwwﾍ√ﾚvvwwﾍ√‾‾"
I produced a sound.
Static.
This is......what?
Strain your consciousness.
Take it in.
Unravel it.
Interpret it.
Define it.
That's it.
This is sound.
The same kind of wave my own mouth formed.
My consciousness converged. Now that I knew it was sound, it could be quickly translated.
***********
Mi**********
Misato**ke***n?*
Misato: "Pe*...**n?"
Misato: "Peke...*kun?"
Misato: "Peke......kun?"
Aah, now I see.
Miyasumi Misato.
It's Sempai.
Sempai's words.
Sempai's red.
Misato: 『You're always alone, aren't you?』
That's why,
Misato: 『Why don't we start a club together?』
Attacking is prohibited.
Taichi: "Get away!!!"
Misato: "Wa!"
My vision cleared up.
Taichi: "............nnn."
I had a headache.
Taichi: "Of all the-......"
This timing...
The combination of blood and the evening sun really isn't good.
I feel like crying.
Taichi: "My, my, isn't this troublesome? Wahaha."
Misato: *sobbing*
My Venus, Sempai, had been crying.
Taichi: "Who did this!? Whatever bastard made Sempai cry, show yourself!!"
I took an empty-fisted stance.
Taichi: "I'll make you taste my karade!"
Misato: *sobbing*
Taichi: "Sempai, who did this to you!?"
Sempai pointed at me.
Taichi: "Surmounting oneself is as hard as writing 'self-denial'!!!"
Misato: "Peke-kun? Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Ah......yes?"
Misato: "Ah, you're back to the normal Peke-kun......"
Taichi: "I am the Taichi who shalt be your prince of love for perpetuity."
I knelt before her.
Taichi: "Have you need of my karade?"
Misato: "I don't care about your 'karade' or whatever incomprehensible martial art......"
Misato: "Just now, Peke-kun, you were like a robotian, and I was scared."
*Robotian = Misatoan for a robot with a will.
Taichi: "You mean a Taichibot?"
Misato: "Something like that."
Taichi: "I was deranged."
Misato: "......are you all right now?"
She couldn't make any complicated jokes right now.
Taichi: "Yes, as my dual booted OS change ended quickly,"
Misato: "I heard from Hashisaki-sensei that Peke-kun's English grades were horrible."
Taichi: "Anyway, Sempai, we need to hurry and stop the bleeding."
  -Dress her wounds
  -Don't
Misato: "Ah......"
When I brought Sempai's legs into the light (this time without ulterior motives)...
On the hemorrhaging part of her body......there were......bite marks.
In the vicinity of the wound, a small quantity of red heat faintly radiated under her bandages.
It looked like someone or something had tried to tear it off with their teeth.
No.
It didn't just look like that; there wasn't anything else it could've been.
Taichi: "......Sempai?"
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "......have you scorned me?"
Misato: "Scorned?"
Taichi: "Well..."
I can't put it into words.
How should I take account of feelings and actions that even I can't translate well.
Taichi: "I mean..."
Sempai softly smiled.
Misato: "You've done nothing to deserve my scorn."
Taichi: "......are you...sure?"
But...
I looked at her wound.
Sempai quietly covered it with her skirt.
Misato: "You fulfilled your promise, so I'll let it slide."
Misato: "Since you came to help with the club."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Please let me dress your wounds."
Misato: "......okay."
After that, I dressed her wounds.
This time, I didn't have a fit.
Because I was happy.
Because I had a nobler emotion within me.
Misato: "That tickles."
Taichi: "I'm, I'm sorry......I'm just tense."
Misato: "You really suck at wrapping bandages."
Taichi: "I haven't got any experience......"
Misato: "Th-that tickles!"
Taichi: "Uuuuu......"
Such a happy time.
There it was---
Misato: "Ah!"
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "Where's my cell phone?"
Taichi: "Your cell phone?"
Sudden, everyday words.
My thoughts were paralyzed.
Misato: "I must have dropped it."
Her face looked horribly troubled.
Taichi: "I'll go look for it. It's gotta be on the roof."
Misato: "Please do."
I left the health room, heading for the roof.
I found the cell phone right away.
It had fallen into the litter of building materials.
Taichi: "Why does she want her cell phone?"
A trivial question.
Taichi: "Never mind."
I quickly ignored it.
Everyone needs something to rely on.
Sempai might be entrusting great value to something as tiny as a cell phone, the same way I do with some of my things.
Taichi: "Is this it?"
Misato: "Aah, there it is."
Sempai took it, smiling cheek-to-cheek.
Misato: "Good work. Now it's all over."
Taichi: "Eh......?"
My face distorted, not quite into a smile.
Like I'd just heard a bad joke.
Taichi: "You're really letting me off easy."
Misato: "I'm Gunjou too, you know."
Misato: "So, are you going to do that again?"
Taichi: "......I don't know. There is a possibility."
Taichi: "Since it's something like a fit."
Misato: "Then this falls under extenuating circumstances."
Taichi: "......naive."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai, you're naive."
Taichi: "I'm not a safe underage man."
Misato: "But when I said 'stop,' you did stop."
I did?
I wasn't in the position to understand words at the time.
A coincidence?
It had to be.
But, I wonder...
Taichi: "It might be wrong for me to get any closer to Sempai......since that would mean..."
I cut off my words.
A silent summer.
So quiet, the presence of clubs and classes was growing imperceptible.
The white health room controlling tranquility.
Because the world is filled with twilight, a room with white tones will not resist, but become subordinate, and likely hand over for sacrifice the two foreign bodies it holds in its womb.
The evening color has a stronger impression than any other time of day.
It'd be truly frightening if everything changed into another world.
The time of destruction.
The time when I could see multiple worlds.
Who could guarantee that the sun, now sinking until the next morning, where it'll rise up with an unsatisfied look, is truly the same as yesterday's?
If the world met with destruction every day,
And was resurrected along with the next day, but it was only humans who didn't know about it,
There'd be no means to confirm it.
Nowhere is there proof that the actual world and the world humans recognize are one and the same.
And yet, now, I felt that only the small space of the health room was avoiding the crimson infiltration.
Because at some point, I became able to see the world clearly.
Misato: "......there's no such thing as a perfect person, is there?"
Misato: "Isn't everyone weird in some way?"
Misato: "If you attack each and every failure and deficiency, you can't go on living."
Misato: "Hey, isn't that true?"
Taichi: "......"
If even a single tear came out, she'd look very awkward.
But mysteriously, the intense emotions concealed their forms.
Taichi: "......I really admire Sempai, for inviting me to her club, when I was all alone."
I spoke falteringly.
Sempai watched over me.
Time quietly moved on.
Taichi: "I don't want to be hated, nor do I want to hurt anyone."
Taichi: "......I feel that what I've just done is inexcusable."
Taichi: "But I'm not confident I can control myself."
Misato: "What should we do?"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "First, what do we need to be careful of? Especially me."
Taichi: "......that's..."
If I think calmly,
Taichi: "If we make sure I don't see Sempai's blood..."
Misato: "So be careful not to get hurt?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "But I'm constructing the antenna, and using tools, so I am facing the danger of injury."
Taichi: "Yes, that's why it's best I don't-"
Misato: "Peke-kun will-"
She spoke in my place.
Misato: "-help me with the tasks which require brute strength, right?"
Taichi: "........................"
That hit home.
Deep within the ribs enclosing my heart, something quivered.
Misato: 『You're always alone, aren't you?』
Misato: 『Why don't we start a club together?』
One of the sayings I added to the analects within my heart.
Overwhelmingly warm, soft and powerful.
Worries I couldn't resolve on my own had dissolved with only a few words from a stranger.
I think that's why people want to make plans together, with each other.
By words, by bodies, by phones.
......by correspondence.
By any number of means.
They can make an effort to touch one another.
That's what people are.
Misato: "I'll have you help me with the assembly after all."
Taichi: "......okay."
I felt embarrassed.
Sempai was smiling like she was having fun.
Youko-san once said I'm a powerful human.
I don't like that kind of valuation.
It's wrong.
Humans other than me are simply amazing.
Mimi-sempai was always putting me in a good mood by charming and making sport of me.
That's not......something I can do by myself.
I want to be beside her.
As many days that time will allow.
Until the day it all ends.
And even then, there's still time.
Taichi: "Please let me."
Misato: "Mmm."
She lowered her head,
She slapped down her hands,
Shyly,
Finally smiling.
Now, she's back to normal.
I was so happy, tears came out.
Sempai's hands opened the curtain.
In an instant, the health room was devoured by orange.
Misato: "These scrapes and bruises don't matter anymore."
Taichi: "Eh, but you're hemorrhaging quite-?"
Misato: "I bleed more than this every month."
Taichi: "Bu-----!"
I performed a classic nosebleed.
Misato: "Kyaa!"
Taichi: "When one's childhood friend who happens to be a girl gets their menarche in a romance manga about that stuff, wouldn't there be or not be a few graphic scenes!!?"
My consciousness blacked out.
*plop*
Misato: "H-huh? Peke-kun?"
Misato: "Hey! Are you there!?"
Then,
Taichi: "......wha-?"
I woke up. A white room. The health room.
I'd been laid to rest on the bed.
Taichi: "That's right......Misato-sempai's menarche event occurred......"
*He's tragically mistaken
Taichi: "Hmmm."
It looks like she put me on this bed.
With those slender arms.
Taichi: "Aaah, I've tasted shame!"
I buried my face in the pillow.
Taichi: "It smells like Sempai......"
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa
Suuu-haaa-suuu-haaa-suuu-haa-haa (*super hopeless person)
*Super and suuuhaaa are related, Madam!!
Tomoki: "Taichiii."
As I walked down the hallway, my name was called.
Taichi: "Oh, you're still here?"
Tomoki: "Same to you."
Tomoki's face was like a noh mask.
We left a subtle distance between us.
Taichi: "I was at club."
Taichi: "I've been showing up there lately."
Tomoki: "......why this again?"
Taichi: "Well, isn't it nice to have goals?"
Tomoki: "By 'club,' you meant 'that' nonsense?"
The opening of the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club channel.
Taichi: "That's not nonsense, probably."
Tomoki: "If Taichi's doing such a thing......well, there must be some kind of reason."
Tomoki: "Who else is participating?"
Taichi: "The prez."
Tomoki: "......that's it?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Tomoki: "That's not a club......"
Taichi: "We call it a club to pleasure ourselves."
Tomoki: "......lately, I'd known she'd been pushing a lot of things forward...so that was for the club..."
I shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "Same goes for you. What're you doing now?"
Tomoki: "A club."
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Taichi: "......eh? I don't get you."
Tomoki: "A real club."
Tomoki: "Come participate if you're free."
Taichi: "That'd be nice, but......"
Tomoki: "......you'll be betrayed."
He spat out.
Taichi: "By who?"
Tomoki: "By the prez."
Taichi: "Why?"
Tomoki: "That's why it's best not to get too close to her."
Tomoki turned his back to me and walked away.
He was acting weird.
But why?
Taichi: "......still..."
It's a manuscript.
If that got rejected, how am I supposed to write another?
My hand didn't move.
My pen didn't run.
Standstill.
Taichi: "Uuumumumu."
That's right.
I pulled a kinagashi out of my dresser and changed into it.
Taichi: "......a great writer is born."
One's mood is important.
When doing something like this.
Tomoki: "Heeey!"
I heard a voice from the front door.
Taichi: "Something up?"
Tomoki: "Uwa......Taichi?"
Tomoki seemed to be shocked at the sudden appearance of the kimono man.
Tomoki: "What a face......"
Taichi: "Leave it."
Tomoki: "I made a mistake. But that outfit......"
Taichi: "Are you sure you were mistaken?"
Tomoki: "That's a Japanese kimono, isn't it?"
Taichi: "It's also a Japanese priest's outfit."
Tomoki: "A priest......amazing."
Tomoki: "Do you always wear that?"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Of course."
Tomoki: "Amazing."
It seems Tomoki respects me all the more now.
Though this is only the second time I've worn it.
Taichi: "So, what's with the late night visit?"
Tomoki: "Well......the reason is right here......this is Taichi's share."
A cardboard box.
I accepted it.
Taichi: "This is heavy."
Tomoki: "It's been filled up."
Taichi: "The inside......it's too dark to see properly."
Tomoki: "A gift from the club. Since it's summer, keeping all this in the club room will just make it rot."
Taichi: "Some kind of food?"
Tomoki: "Yes."
Taichi: "Thank you."
Tomoki: "No, don't mention it."
Tomoki: "Besides, friendship asks for---"
Taichi: "Nothing at all."
Gu!
We laughed invincibly with our thumbs up.
Taichi: "Kurosu Taichi is a pure young boy supporting Shima Tomoki."
Tomoki: "No, no..."
Tomoki: "Ah, that's right."
His face tightened.
Tomoki: "Kirihara...she collapsed."
Taichi: "......say what?"
Tomoki: "More accurately, she'd been collapsing."
Taichi: "But she's a user of the Harakiri Fist...defeating even my karade should be simple."
Tomoki: "Not defeated, collapsed. And I have no idea what 'karade' is."
Tomoki: "About that......Sakuraba's looking after her right now, but he's obviously not that good at it, so......I was wondering if you could get Hasekura-sempai to watch over her."
Taichi: "Aah, no problem."
Tomoki: "Can you ask her right away?"
Taichi: "Yeah. In that case, I'll be heading out for a bit."
I put my sandals on and went to her house.
When I came back, Tomoki was still there.
Taichi: "She said sure. She's already on her way."
Tomoki: "......so fast..."
Tomoki: "She really listens to what you have to say, Taichi."
Taichi: "Because if she didn't, a lot of errors would occur."
Tomoki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Anyway, would you like to come upstairs and play some PC-98 games?"
Not that I have any.
Taichi: "Since you were in charge of disk swaps."
Tomoki: "What's a PC-98? Some kind of Wind**s?"
Taichi: "Please say that's a lie, my friend."
Tomoki: "......I have failed to understand you."
Tomoki's gags were all like this.
Taichi: "You really don't know the PC-98?"
Despite being a computer nerd.
Tomoki: "At the very least, I've never heard of it before."
Taichi: "......I guess that makes sense......no, I wasn't in that generation either, but......"
Taichi: "Anyway, Tomoki, that comment's going to make you enemies with all the old computer nerds born since the fortieth year of Shouwa."
Tomoki: "Well......that doesn't scare me at all......"
Tomoki: "Besides, I'm not going to watch out for each and every one of the primitive men who match one-hundred percent to the archetype of an old man born in an era as old as Shouwa."
Taichi: "---!?"
My fear was aroused.
Taichi: "You can't say things like that---!!"
Tomoki: "Why not?"
Tomoki had yet to know fear.
Taichi: "Th-that's what they call youth, right? Right? Hopeless youth really is scary, Tomoki."
Tomoki: "What I mean is......why can't we just let the old guys stick to their old guy communities spiraling into eternal conversations about Gun**m and the like?"
Taichi: "Hiiiiiiiiiiiii!!?"
My lifespan shrunk.
And then I remembered.
Around this time last year,
On the first day I wore this, Yuusa-chan came to visit.
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
This morning, club activities on the roof are proceeding vigorously.
Taichi: "Hey youuuuu!!!"
Misato: "Y-yes!!?"
One yell from me, and from the top of the ladder, Sempai...
*fump*
...fell off.
Misato: "Owwwww."
Taichi: "The silent pheasant remains unshot."
Misato: "I...I'm not a pheasant..."
Taichi: "Hey, Miss injured person. Why was it now?"
The meaning doesn't matter at all. This is about sensibility.
Misato: "Uuu."
Taichi: "And while I wasn't around as well..."
Misato: "I...I wasn't sneaking in or anything......I just couldn't stop worrying about it, and I woke up at five this morning."
Using this excuse, Sempai explained herself with copious body language.
Taichi: "......you're a traitor."
Misato: "No, no I'm not!"
Taichi: "Aaaah, Misato-sempai, you're heartless..."
Misato: "Aaah, that's why......"
Misato: "Okay, it's my loss. I'm sorry."
Both of her hands rose up.
Taichi: "Seven-fifty AM: caught a criminal in the act."
Misato: "Oookay♪"
She held out both hands.
And on those wrists,
*click*
Misato: "......eh?"
Ah, crap......I just...
Misato: "What...is this?"
Taichi: "Handcuffs......"
Misato: "A toy, right?"
Taichi: "They're real......"
Silence.
Misato: "Wh-wwwwhy are you carrying real ones around?"
Taichi: "Th-tttthe kouban was empty and some handcuffs had been left outside, so I picked them up on my way here......"
Misato: "What the......hehe, well, you are hopeless♪"
She was fuming.
Taichi: "Ahaha, I'm sooorry."
Two laughs.
Misato: "The key is?"
Taichi: "Aaah, the key......yeah......the key is...I wonder wheeere?"
Our smiles froze.
Misato: "Hmmm."
Misato: "Ahahaaa."
She laughed.
Misato: "I'm sorry, Peke-kun. I thought I just heard you say 'I wonder where the key is?'..."
Taichi: "Because that's what I just said."
She became expressionless.
Misato: "You are now in a position where you'll have no right to complain even if I become violent."
Taichi: "Th-that's okay for certain reasons!"
I was attacked.
Taichi: "Ugya!"
Misato: "Why......are you so careless......"
Taichi: "Umm, it's a conditional reflex......"
Misato: "But this won't come off without a key, now will it?"
Taichi: "Well......well......shouldn't we just look for the key?"
Misato: "......might it be in that kouban?"
Taichi: "Of course. I'll look for it on my way home today."
Misato: "You'll go this instant. Right?"
*grind* *grind* *grind*......
Taichi: "Yesss......right away."
With the W Iron Claw presently active, I had no room to answer otherwise.
Taichi: "But please stay where you are until I come back."
Misato: "But I can't even change clothes like this."
Taichi: "For now, why don't you go into a classroom?"
Misato: "I guess so......"
We both entered the building.
Misato: "It'd be nice if no one finds us......"
Taichi: "Why's that?"
Misato: "Doesn't it look like I'm being escorted to prison?"
Taichi: "Since you ask, it looks more like some kind of 'play.'"
Misato: "Pu-re-i?"
Taichi: "Sempai's classroom was on the third floor, right?"
Misato: "Ah, there it is."
Miki came over from there.
Miki: "'Ello!"
Misato: "!!?"
Sempai frantically tried to hide her wrists, but failed.
The towel covering her wrists slid right off.
She should've just stayed still.
Miki: "......"
Miki: "......she...she's being arrested......"
Misato: "No I'm not, this is a prank."
Miki: "......"
Miki: "Umm, Sempai?"
She raised her hand.
Taichi: "What is it, Inspector Yamanobe?"
Miki: "Sir! The health room appears to be open today!"
She saluted while introducing us to a good location for 'play.'
Uuu, she's so nice......
Misato: "?"
The innocent Sempai did not understand.
Taichi: "Well, thank you. What about yourself?"
Miki: "Ah, I think I'd like to remain a virgin a bit longer, so..."
Taichi: "That's a shame. Bye."
Miki: "Your work is much appreciated."
She bowed her head and saw us off.
Misato: "I didn't understand that conversation very well."
Taichi: "It'd be amazing if you had understood it."
Misato: "???"
Taichi: "Now,"
The train station.
And quite a run-down one at that.
But the lack of litter was some consolation.
The kouban......is very close to here.
An 'On Patrol' sign had been hung up, and no one was in there.
I found the key quickly.
I wonder if this counts as theft.
Of course it does.
And of police property.
The final crime of the misdemeanor king, Arsene Taichi.
Taichi: "Got it."
I'd better get back soon.
No one goes past the station.
This station is nothing but a connection between the city and the residential district to begin with, so it's never that busy.
This open region of inorganic asphalt was hot enough to create small shimmers in the air.
It was as if no cars were to be seen.
So I walked down the center of the road.
Taichi: "......"
There's no one to assign the blame.
Why is that?
Think about a world like this:
No matter what crime you stain your hands with, no one will ever blame anyone, and you'll never have to be blamed.
A lawless world.
But I'm the only one here right now.
In a world with just me, what kind of crimes are there?
None.
Without points of connection between people, the majority of sins evaporate and lose meaning.
Idealistic.
You could call it an ideal society.
To be alone. To throw away the masses.
What abilities are needed for that?
Or is a suitable mental construct what's needed?
Humans have many and varied desires.
They continue to exist even in different dimensions from such wants like 'I want to drink water.'
What is desire?
A desire for success.
A desire for knowledge.
A desire to create.
A desire to conquer.
Those are things with values decided either by others or by comparing oneself with others.
Desire might just be a manifestation of wanting the consent of others.
I want to have more wealth than other people.
I want to have more knowledge than other people.
I want to succeed more than other people.
The prerequisite of others.
The root of desire lies in attaining that which many people acknowledge as valuable.
One of the clearer forms of that is currency.
Even without an intended use for it, people will crave it.
When humans live together with desire, their world is already being colored by the thoughts and values of others, and their characters thereby take shape.
But if one were alone?
How would his desires modify?
No, the moment others disappeared, desires would lose that definition and become wants.
A race with no rival doesn't constitute a competition, and thus high running speeds are no longer sought after.
How many people are there in a world with only themselves, and who therefore are true intellectuals?
Can they continue to create art without any viewers?
Who are they to overcome?
Yes.
When alone, people change.
They can't not change.
The burdens of emotions that force them upward would no longer be minuses.
If the world became one where sins weren't sins...
I felt something like a revelation, telling me my 『eyes』 were for that purpose.
I turned around.
Taichi: "......how long do you intend to follow me?"
My voice traveled far in this unpopulated space.
Taichi: "Don't you have other things to do?"
I waited.
But there was no answer.
Taichi: "Do something."
I spat out those words and set off toward school.
I can't preoccupy myself with every little thing.
The fearsome presence continued to tail me.
I'm thankful she's worrying about me.
But, still.
Taichi: "Because my hair is white, I'll never get sunstroke!!!"
This might be something like getting irritated with one's mother.
It had a certain freshness, but it was thoroughly annoying.
I went as far as the school walls before exhaling from relief.
Because the presence had disappeared.
Taichi: "......that was sooo annoying."
Even though it happens all the time, I got goosebumps.
From that dense existence.
Taichi: "Are you a demon?"
She might be near.
It's a pain to be loved by such a thing.
*growlllllllll*
My stomach bug.
Like a beast.
Maybe I should call it my stomach beast.
Taichi: "I smell food......"
My feet spun toward the cafeteria.
All that aside, I'm helping out with the club now.
What do I do with this part?
Does it go here?
Or here?
Taichi: "......"
I'll put it here for now. This feels like the right spot.
Misato: "You can tell where it goes?"
Taichi: "Well, somehow."
Sempai was holding the stepladder below me.
Misato: "It's encouraging to have a boy here."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "Anytime you are in need, I shall......"
Come to think of it,
Doesn't she have a brother?
Taichi: "......umm, are you fighting with Tomoki?"
Sempai's face became overcast.
Misato: "Aaah, well......"
Misato: "There's a bit of a cold war."
Taichi: "So even Tomoki gets in fights."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "That guy doesn't get seriously mad all that often."
It seemed Sempai received a shock from those words.
Misato: "......it might be perfectly natural."
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "He's got this, 'Dammit, life is hard!' kind of feeling."
I didn't understand that.
Tomoki: 『......you'll be betrayed.』
Taichi: "Umm, was there some kind of betrayal?"
Her eyebrows narrowed.
Misato: "Did Tomoki say that?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......nooo, nooo."
Sempai looked like she was about to cry, and she was moaning, 'nooo, nooo.'
Taichi: "Ummmm?"
Misato: "What did you say!!?"
She jostled the stepladder back and forth.
Taichi: "Wawawa!!?"
Misato: "Nothing will come of that!!!"
Taichi: "I'm going to fall!!!"
It was a harsh club.
Nanaka: "Ya-hoo, Tai--chaaan!"
Taichi: "Huh?"
It's the mysterious bicycle girl.
Taichi: "It's the mysterious bicycle girl."
I said what I was thinking.
Nanaka: "Try not to verbalize your thoughts."
She saw right through me.
Taichi: "This girl's suspicious. Her origins are unknown. I've never seen that uniform."
Nanaka: "......don't use reopened thoughts as pretexts for words."
Taichi: "I wonder if Nanaka is her real name."
Nanaka: "......you're annoying. Don't get gloomy over the small things."
Taichi: "What school do you go to?"
Nanaka: "Shii-ker-et."
Taichi: "Ah, I see."
I ignored her and walked on.
Nanaka: "Oh, hard-boiled, are we?"
Taichi: "We can talk while I'm walking."
Nanaka: "Well yah."
Taichi: "So, do you need something of me?"
Nanaka: "But of course I need something of you."
She stuck her finger out at me.
Nanaka: "Get that antenna built already!"
Taichi: "Haa?"
Taichi: "By antenna...you mean the one Misato-sempai's constructing?"
Nanaka: "Yes, that."
Nanaka: "At this rate it won't quite make it in time."
Taichi: "For what?"
Nanaka: "The deadline."
Taichi: "Which is?"
Nanaka: "Get with the program!"
Taichi: "Wh-what? What is it?"
She suddenly got mad at me.
Nanaka: "Isn't life precious because it only comes once?! If you always go with the flow and waste all your time, your very existence will end up adhering to fixed patterns!"
Nanaka: "That's the very nature of possibility! Doesn't Win**ws sometimes repeat the same errors even though you reset it after a crash!? And now---"
She took a deep breath and closed her mouth.
Taichi: "......are you neurotic?"
Nanaka: "What a thing for you to say after capturing this cutie!"
That stung.
Taichi: "Uofuu!"
She slapped my face.
I spun at high speed, crookedly flying upward, and collided with the ground in a horizontal state.
Taichi: "......oo......ofu......obu......"
I had no idea this girl could manifest comic force.
*comic force = A suprascientific theory of Taichian science combining scalar electromagnetism, the astrophysical theory of aether, flying machines and so on. It simultaneously accelerates and mitigates various physical phenomena.
As a result, manga-like effects unthinkable in classical physics may manifest. Statistically, it occurs often in prideful and youthful personalities, and functions to maintain that characterization.
Nanaka: "Ah......sorry......"
Taichi: "Amazing force......you could conquer all the land......"
Nanaka: "Don't say such sarcasm to a girl!"
She helped me to my feet.
Taichi: "That, hurt a lot......"
Nanaka: "......I'm sorry."
Taichi: "When I said you could conquer all the land, I didn't mean simply by physical strength, but by character."
Nanaka: "?"
Taichi: "Thanks to your scientific force, I can live on even after suffering that impact."
Nanaka: "I don't really understand......"
Taichi: "But I ought to have spun out a bit farther up into the atmosphere... Well, on the other hand, I do think running to the extremes just to avoid the norms is pitifully impoverished, so that'd be overkill...
"The point being that eternally maintaining a superficial position on the path of kings will only set you up for a fall the moment you're controlled by self-sensationalism."
Nanaka: "You intend to hold a conversation with me like that?"
Taichi: "......I'm sorry."
Even I don't understand what all that meant.
Nanaka: "What a hopeless guy."
She sighed, half fed-up with me.
Nanaka: "Ah, there's blood on your cheeks."
Taichi: "Eh? Maybe a little got pushed out by the comic force."
Nanaka: "You're still calling it that?"
Taichi: "So my own blood is fine."
Nanaka: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Not you, blood's a weakness of mine..."
I can't explain the expression which recurred to Nanaka's face at that moment.
She seemed to be crying, and also laughing.
And yet it wasn't a simple tearful smile. Deep-rooted troubles were blended into it.
Nanaka: "......Taichi."
The voice flowing from her lips seemed to be becoming hoarse.
Her face approached mine.
Along with moistened eyes.
The actions of a human's conscious mind are truly great.
If I was a normal manga hero,
(Eh......?)
I'd be unable to predict any such occurrence, and at best be hesitating.
But as a real human, the stew of my mind easily predicted that there was no other conclusion than, 『I'm being kissed!?』
By the time Nanaka's face had closed to within five centimeters of mine, I'd already begun investigating ways to save face by saying, 『Indeed she made it look as such,』 after the kiss.
......actually, even though this thought process is more realistic, even an amateur writer like myself knew that the reason it's rarely employed in the world's stories is that it's too real to have any story-like affinity.
After all, stories are just pretending to be reality.
I nodded to that in my mind.
But, where's that kiss?
*lick*
Taichi: "......"
A kiss without passion or flavor.
Her act of sticking her tongue to my cheek and licking upward could be referred to as a kiss, but...
Nanaka: "It should heal fine with a bit of saliva."
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaa."
I punched my temporal lobe, and punched, and punched!!
Taichi: "The outcome of this familiar speculation turned to dust so fast! Damn you, damn you! This shame...!"
Nanaka: "By yourself, to yourself... huh!!?"
Taichi: "What is reality!? What is affinity!? What claim do I have to intelligence when it's been nationally verified that I'm subhuman!!?"
Nanaka: "C...calm down......"
Taichi: "I want to die."
Nanaka: "Hey, hey now."
Taichi: "I must be aware of the fact that what they call my only self is garbage."
Nanaka: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Toxic garbage."
Taichi: "There are many non-intellectuals at Gunjou."
Taichi: "I've always been afraid of hurting people."
Taichi: "After all, unintelligence is the inability to avoid danger."
Taichi: "Like a cat jumping in front of a car."
Taichi: "......I have to control myself, with meticulous care."
Taichi: "But,"
Taichi: "Every day is so much fun, I keep forgetting what I really am..."
Taichi: "I'm---"
Nanaka moved.
This time she truly pierced the void, not even giving me time to predict it.
Taichi: "Eh......?"
Nanaka: "If you can say it's fun, then isn't it okay?"
The ambiguous softness of breasts.
A girl's scent.
Mysteriously, I felt no disorder.
The sensation of being embraced was different from Youko-san's.
Nanaka: "I'm happy to hear that. Very happy."
Taichi: "............"
Nanaka: "It's not like you have no right to live even if you don't become strong."
Nanaka: "It's fine to be weak."
Taichi: "Even if you say that......"
She knows.
She knows something?
Taichi: "You are?"
Nanaka: "Nanaka."
Taichi: "Nanaka......"
I don't know.
Along no axis of my past was that name recorded.
Then how does she know me?
Nanaka: "Have you calmed down?"
Taichi: "......yeah."
She let go of me.
Nanaka was grinning wide.
Taichi: "......you..."
Taichi: "Are you in love with me?"
Nanaka: "Idiot."
*chop*...
She chopped my forehead.
Nanaka: "That's not it at all."
After denying that, she tilted her head and continued to the apex of her words.
Nanaka: "......but, I guess so. Maybe I do love you."
Taichi: "Really?"
Nanaka: "Although it's not quite the kind of love you're thinking of."
Taichi: "What does that mean?"
Nanaka: "You...when you were young, I'm sure you were the type to play perverted pranks on your mother."
Taichi: "I did no such thing."
Nanaka: "I did too."
Nanaka: "But, those kinds of things, might make a mother pretty happy, you know?"
Taichi: "Perverted pranks would?"
Nanaka: "Yes."
Taichi: "But the shock of being petted by one's pre-pubescent son......no, I guess it might be moe."
Nanaka: "Chemically decompose! You toxic garbage!"
Taichi: "Uwaaan!"
Nanaka: "Now, I guess I'll be going."
Taichi: "Why not come to my place? We at least have lukewarm water."
Nanaka: "Nihihi, I don't want perverted things done to me so I'm gonna leave."
Taichi: "I'll do them, I will, if you come I will."
Nanaka: "Dangerous, dangerous."
She quickly mounted her bicycle.
I moved to her back and tried to look at her underwear.
Dark blue bloomers.
Taichi: "Damn."
......wait, bloomers?
The bloomers which were exterminated quite some time ago as solid blue sexual harassment gym clothing because of the feminist movement!?
Taichi: "Na...Nanaka-san......?"
I was trembling.
Just as the rumors say, that manner of sticking to the hips was a true rarity.
Nanaka: "Get busy with building up that antenna."
Taichi: "Ha? Antenna?"
How sudden.
Nanaka: "Because it's a possibility."
The chain made a slightly comforting sound as it spun.
The tires rubbed the asphalt, and the wheels began to roll.
Taichi: "......wha...what?"
I'm writing the manuscript.
Taichi: "Hi-hi-hi."
Taichi: "Hi-hi-hi-hi-hi!"
Taichi: "Hiii--hi-hi-hi-hi-hi!! (I'm crying)"
I can't get my thoughts together!
The tension is now the exact opposite of that first day when I was writing absentmindedly using only my talent.
Voice: "......Keiii-kuuunnn......"
Someone was calling me.
I peeked out the window.
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai?"
Misato: "Good eveniiing."
Taichi: "What's wrooong?"
Misato: "Where are you?"
Taichi: "I'm looking at you from the second floor window."
Misato: "It's too dark for me to see."
Taichi: "I can see you just fine."
Misato: "I wonder why that is..."
Taichi: "Dunno."
Misato: "Peke-kun must have great night vision."
Taichi: "Since I'm a wild animal, my senses are sharp."
Misato: "That's kind of cool."
She spoke while flapping her arms.
She's acting awfully young.
Taichi: "Anyway, please come in."
Misato: "Yeeesss."
Misato: "Ah, a candle♪"
Taichi: "The atmosphere is really important when writing, Ozeu-san." 
Misato: "I see..."
She promptly sat down in the seiza position.
Misato: "Were you studying up here?"
Taichi: "No, just working on the manuscript."
Misato: "Aaah."
Taichi: "So, with what purpose have you visited this house?"
Misato: "Ah, since you help me out so much, I thought I'd treat you to something."
She held up a wrapped object.
Misato: "Here's a bentou."
Taichi: "Sempai banzai."
Misato: "I made enough for two, so why don't we eat together?"
Taichi: "I'll get some drinks."
Taichi: "Delicious."
Taichi: "Sempai's good at this."
Misato: "Am I now? I only just started cooking recently......"
Taichi: "Well, I'm no gourmet or anything."
Misato: "Ah, saying it like that might be cruel......"
Taichi: "Aaah, it's delicious. Yes, delicious."
Taichi: "It's been cooked really well. Did you use an open fire?"
Misato: "Yes. Of course."
Taichi: "......somehow, it feels like it's been a while since I ate a bentou like this."
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "My......mother...isn't with us."
Misato: "Well......"
Taichi: "I think I miss her."
Misato: "Peke-kun."
Taichi: "Sempai."
Within the soft darkness, we looked at one another.
The candle's delicate flame shone a soft crimson light onto her cheek.
  -Approach her
  -Play it safe
Taichi: "Sempai......"
Misato: "Whaaat?"
Taichi: "From now on, would you make miso soup for me forever?"
For some reason I proposed to her.
Misato: "Eh!?"
Sempai became upset.
She leaned to one side, averting her eyes.
She brought her small fist up to her mouth as her thoughts carved wrinkles into her forehead.
Misato: "Peke-kun......I......"
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "I don't know how to make miso soup."
Taichi: "Lalihooo!"
I screamed out the window.
It was a textbook example of a stooge.
  -Approach her further
  -Play it safe
Taichi: "I understand, Sempai......then, in exchange..."
Misato: "Whaaat?"
Taichi: "Have you ever had sex?"
Misato: "Is this the right context for that!?"
Taichi: "I've been thinking it'd be nice to do it with Sempai."
Taichi: "Umm......on the day of the entrance ceremony, when sakura petals were in the air, I'd lost sight of all goals after my brother's death, but Sempai saved me with those few words..."
Misato: "You won't trick me! I won't be fooled by such an overemphasized momentary love aura!"
Misato: "Besides, you don't even have a brother!"
Taichi: "On that sunny summer day, I'd planned to quit baseball in order to avoid memories of him."
Misato: "No, no, the baseball part is wrong."
Misato: "But that aside, are you seriously thinking about sex?"
Taichi: "Well..."
Taichi: "I was just thinking, after the need for food comes the need for sex, right?"
Misato: "Lalihooo!"
Sempai screamed out the window.
Misato: "If you come any closer......I'll bite off my tongue and die."
Taichi: "Are...are you that opposed to it!?"
I might cry.
So it does come down to looks after all.
An unsightly white-haired boy won't be permitted the love given to normal humans.
But would you have sex with me if I begged you, Sempai?
I feel like I only need one more push.
  -Approach her
  -Play it safe
Okay! Leave it to me!
Taichi: "Sempai."
Misato: "......whaaat?"
Taichi: "Please marry me!"
I pointed upward as I confessed.
Misato: "Ufu."
Sempai smiled as softly as an angel.
＊・゜゜・Angel's†Light・゜゜・＊
Misato: "Absolutely not♪"
Taichi: "Hello, Tomoki? This is Kurosu. Yeah, I just got turned down by your nee-chan. Yeah, seriously, right now. She's still right here next to me. Buhyahyahyahya!
"Anyway, anyway, my chest right now is filling up with both pain and pleasure. I'm so glad you pushed me into telling her my feelings! Now go die!!"
Misato: "That phone......aren't its batteries dead?"
Taichi: "I know that much!"
I threw myself down in tears.
Taichi: "Uooon!"
Misato: "You don't have to tell him......"
Taichi: "I was fully aware it was a joke because I thought it might get the mood going but that was clearly just a silly expectation of mine but now my heart hurts from being so flatly rejected!"
Misato: "Isn't the problem that you confessed with the perfect timing to be rejected......?"
Taichi: "Darkness lies only an inch farther in life! I have no choice but to believe in the now!"
Misato: "Come on, I'll give you some pickled cucumbers, so cheer up. And let's stop using the wrestling voice, okay?"
Taichi: "Oh, is my love to be bought with cucumbers......?"
Misato: "Peke-kun, I'm sure you'll have a much more wonderful significant other than me."
Taichi: "I'm gonna cry."
The cucumbers tasted like unrequited love.
Taichi: "Ah, that's right."
Taichi: "Sempai, please wait here a moment."
Misato: "What?"
I went,
And came back.
I held them out in both hands.
Taichi: "Handmade popsicles!"
Misato: "Ah! That's amazing!"
I passed one to her.
Misato: "It feels like the underlying strength of humanity."
Taichi: "Huhuhu, you speak presumptuously of the one and only Kurosu Taichi."
Misato: "It's cooold and deliiiicious♪"
Taichi: "Humanity banzaaai."
Misato: "Banzaaai."
Many cheers for popsicles.
Misato: "What were the ingredients in these?"
Taichi: "Lemon and sugar and egg whites and-"
Taichi: "......my two hundred million cute little wonderful lives."
Sempai stopped cold.
For some reason her glasses suddenly fogged up.
Misato: "............"
This atmosphere is bad.
Taichi: "Umm, you know that's a joke, right?"
Misato: "......please exchange this for yours."
Taichi: "Ah, yes."
Misato: "If you're going to say such foolish things, then you're going to have to be punished."
She said that with no strange intonation.
I was so scared.
Taichi: "I-I'll be sure not to do that again!"
Misato: "......honestly."
The fog on her glasses cleared up in an instant.
Is that voluntary?
How can she control that?
I was afraid.
But, there was a benefit from that risk.
Indirect kiss!
On top of that, with something as sticky as a popsicle, it was a deep indirect kiss.
I'm thoroughly satiated with this.
Misato: "I originally came here to thank you, but ended up receiving something nice in return."
Taichi: "Hu, it's nothing. Please don't fall in love with me so easily."
Misato: "That was delicious, Peke-kun. And I'm not falling in love."
She has no heart.
Misato: "Thanks to that I feel refreshed."
Taichi: "Since it's always hot these days."
Misato: "It is hot."
Taichi: "Since it's summer, it's to be expected."
Misato: "......I'd like to go to the beach."
Sempai looked out the window.
It was too dark to see the ocean, which should be in that direction.
Taichi: "Then let's go there."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Tomorrow at lunch we'll gather in front of the school."
Misato: "Eha?"
Taichi: "We'll call everyone, of course."
Misato: "B-but in only one day......"
Taichi: "It'll come about somehow!"
I raised my thumb.
Misato: "But......Kiri-san, and Hasekura-san, would they come?"
Taichi: "Nnn, that'll depend on my plots."
Taichi: "Faith isn't needed to move the masses. You just have to hit them where they hurt. Wahaha."
Misato: "......I'd prefer it if you didn't say such cruel things with a straight face."
Misato: "Ah, but I might not fit into last year's swimsuit."
Taichi: "EEH?"
Misato: "Hu, that's not because I've fattened up!"
Taichi: "Ah, in other words, you've experienced growth?"
Misato: "That's right."
Misato: "That's really it."
Taichi: "No, I wasn't doubting that."
So her breasts are still getting bigger...
My thoughts raced around Sempai's bust.
Misato: "......!"
She must have felt some kind of evil force, as she hid her breasts with both arms.
Misato: "And that's why I need a new......"
Taichi: "Which one?"
Misato: "You have them----!!?"
Taichi: "Maybe the standard bikini strap."
Misato: "Why do you have those--------!!?"
Taichi: "But your size is an 86 C-cup, so maybe this one."
Misato: "Hiki!!?"
Taichi: "How about something like this shell and strap shameless ocean paradise?"
Misato: "I'll never wear that!!!"
Taichi: "Then this one! A pearl white knock-out bikini."
Misato: "But you can see through it even before it gets wet......"
Taichi: "It's a bit odd, but this ropeless patch is-"
Misato: "Isn't that just the front half with some adhesive!!? Are you stupid!!?"
Taichi: "Or why not have fun with this one? It has see-through vinyl around the breasts so you can pretend to be topless......"
Misato: "I'm-I'm going to be raped!"
Sempai covered her face.
Taichi: "There's even a female loincloth here."
Misato: "Why do you have nothing besides those!!!"
Taichi: "Here's something else: a swimsuit that idiots can't even see. A naked empress to test people's intellect..."
Misato: "How's that different from being naked!?"
Misato: "Rejected! Rejected-rejected-rejected-rejected-!!!"
Taichi: "......hmmm."
It's nighttime, so I'm writing the manuscript.
I'm not making good progress right now.
Ordinary content.
But, right now I have to keep going.
Taichi: "It's lacking in panache..."
That's right.
I'll have Sempai look at this.
There's no time like the present.
I left my house right away.
Sempai's house.
I tried knocking, but there was no answer.
Taichi: "Sempaaai!"
Still no response.
Taichi: "Your Taichi has come!"
*silence*
Maybe she's not in.
Taichi: "......"
Could she possibly still be at school?
Taichi: "Uwaa, she's here!"
Misato: "Wa! Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "You're overdoing it!"
Misato: "I-I'm sorry."
Taichi: "Haa."
As one would expect, she appeared to have been constructing the antenna.
Taichi: "How can you even get work done when it's this dark?"
Misato: "I was just worried about it......is that bad?"
Taichi: "It's bad."
Taichi: "If you've got the time to do that, please look at this manuscript."
Misato: "Oya, you're done already?"
Taichi: "Only partly. But I want your opinion."
Misato: "Aaah, but it's dark right now......so I can't read it."
Taichi: "That's true."
Taichi: "Forget it then, let's go home."
Misato: "Ah, but......just a little longer."
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai......"
Misato: "Buuutttt..."
Taichi: "Nothing will be gained from rushing this."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "You should be taking your time. Right?"
Taichi: "There's loads of time."
Taichi: "If you hurry it along......it'll just end that much sooner."
Taichi: "Sempai, would you be able to handle that?"
Misato: "......!"
She seemed ready to cry.
My back went numb.
I just realized I'd run my mouth off into a taboo.
Misato: "......I've...been running away, haven't I?"
Taichi: "That's right."
Misato: "You were...able to see that?"
Taichi: "I was."
Taichi: "You're running away, by devoting yourself to your work."
I looked up at the antenna.
Taichi: "Forcing yourself to keep working......in a way that intentionally increases the workload."
Misato: "......so you saw through me?"
Taichi: "I thought that was normal."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "What Sempai is doing...I don't think it's that strange."
Taichi: "There's no such thing as a person who hasn't fled from something."
Taichi: "But to have to flee so desperately like you are, Sempai......it's painful."
Taichi: "My heart can't take it."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "You......should've passed thirty by now."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "Severe Self-Injurious Behavior."
Misato: "............"
The silence of assent.
I just piled on more words.
Taichi: "Working on your own is fine, but if you're being chased into a corner......individually devoting yourself like this is dangerous."
Taichi: "......when you finally lose it...it'll be dangerous, since this is the roof after all."
Taichi: "Do you understand?"
Misato: "I do...understand."
She said, as if alone.
Taichi: "I've been really worried."
Sempai took off her glasses.
She brushed the back of her finger along her tear-filled eyes.
Misato: "I've been so unstable......I made Peke-kun worry about me."
Taichi: "Haha......that's a rude way to put it."
Misato: "Ahaha."
Misato: "I'm surprised to hear that from you."
I wiped her tears.
Misato: "......thank you."
Taichi: "Don't mention it."
Misato: "But......everyone's split up now......it's like the club's evaporating."
Taichi: "I'm not evaporating."
Misato: "But, you......your motives seem impure."
She found out.
Taichi: "Well..."
Misato: "But it's true that I might have been obstinate."
Taichi: "Besides, strictly speaking you weren't alone, were you?"
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Here."
I showed her the wrapped object I picked up under the water tower just a moment ago.
Misato: "Snacks?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Taichi: "But the inside is curry bread."
Misato: "............ah."
She noticed that and covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Lately, she's been pretty nervous, and won't show her face much."
Taichi: "That idiot can't stand watching her friends get cornered."
Taichi: "So she just brings this curry bread."
Misato: "But Peke-kun seems happy about it."
Taichi: "Are you going to eat it?"
Sempai nodded slightly.
Together, we ate the curry bread.
Misato: "An-anyway, let's all calm down a bit, okay?"
Taichi: "......impossible. No man can pull back after coming this far."
Misato: "Even if you say that..."
Taichi: "Back then,"
Misato: "......eh?"
Taichi: "During my first year, when I was all alone,"
Taichi: "You talked to me a lot on the roof."
Misato: "That's......because we saw each other a lot up there......"
Taichi: "Sempai, you saved me. You pulled me out of the darkness."
Taichi: "I wasn't really able to enter the Broadcasting Club, was I?"
Taichi: "Because my adaptation coefficient was too high......"
Taichi: "But, didn't you invite me anyway?"
Taichi: "And you pulled some strings so that I could truly enter the club."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "I know because I did some digging."
Misato: "That's because......I was alone in the club......and it didn't seem healthy......to participate in......an empty club...yan!"
Taichi: "Stop moving so I can take it off."
Misato: "Don't take it off!"
Taichi: "I will. Decisively."
Misato: "Ah......I said no......no!"
Taichi: "If you extend your hand to someone......there's a relationship there."
Taichi: "They'll be thankful, and bear you goodwill."
Taichi: "It's only natural that I......want to do it with Sempai."
Misato: "Bu-but I......ah......I'm telling you, no......"
Taichi: "Then......you'll reject me?"
Taichi: "You can just return me to my former darkness."
Taichi: "If you did that......even I wouldn't resist too strongly."
Taichi: "I won't think of making another connection again."
Misato: "......it's unfair......to say it that way......"
Taichi: "Yes, it is unfair."
Taichi: "I am......unfair."
I took off her suspenders.
I undid her buttons.
Misato: "No, no!"
I grabbed her hand.
Taichi: "Then......I'll just look."
Misato: "Just...look?"
Taichi: "I'll just look at Sempai's breasts."
Misato: "You know I can't let you do that......"
I kept undoing buttons.
One by one.
Taichi: "You touched me."
Misato: "......no......no......no......"
Taichi: "I'll look."
I opened her blouse.
Misato: "............nn."
I laid my fingers on top of her bra.
Misato: "No, noooo."
I gripped the cloth and softly pulled it up.
Whiteness burst forth.
Two spheres bounced.
Misato: "Uuuuuuu."
Taichi: "Beautiful."
That word came out naturally.
Taichi: "Aren't they beautiful?"
Well-formed, voluptuous, and white.
So charming it hurt.
Misato: "......I've been told......it's over for me as a woman, if someone looks at them......"
Taichi: "Those were lies."
Taichi: "This isn't the end of anything."
Either way, after making her show me these, I can't hold back.
Misato: "Peke-kun......that's cruel......"
Taichi: "Yes, I am cruel."
Taichi: "You chose a terrible man to talk to."
Misato: "Th-this wasn't what I......such impure......acts ......suspension......"
I touched her with both hands.
Misato: "Kya......nn......"
I slowly massaged her.
Misato: "Nn......nnnn......n......"
Taichi: "This sense of mass is amazing. And it feels great."
My fingers sunk into them.
Each of my five fingers was covered up.
Skin adhered to skin, calmly exchanging heat.
Misato: "......a......aaah......"
As I gripped lightly, they became fluffy and comfortable.
My fingertips became an erogenous zone, conveying the sensation.
My brain was stimulated via the spinal cord, and returning down the same path, it changed into a hazy burning around my hips.
My animal passions began to rouse.
I squeezed upward.
Becoming mad.
Misato: "Nn......nnnnnnn......fuku!......nn!......please don't squeeze so hard......"
No, I want to squeeze hard.
I wanted to squeeze them even harder.
Misato: "St-strong......that's too strong......ha, aan......nnnn......"
I pushed them together.
The valley closed up, forming a dark sexy line.
I pushed them even closer together.
Misato: "......yan......"
Her nipples were nearly touching.
Something men could never do.
My excitement grew.
Misato: "......nnn, nn......!......uun......"
Sempai's breathing was charming.
I pushed the palm of my hand down.
Her breasts squished flat. Yet they wouldn't flatten completely.
There was the sensation that something truly existed there.
Misato: "Don't squash theeeem......"
Then, I'll pull them.
While gripping them like an eagle.
Her flesh stretched.
Misato: "No, they'll tear, they're going to tear off......!"
Slightly worried, her hands shot up.
I kissed the back of her hand, then sucked on her finger.
Misato: "Ah......heyyy......"
Taichi: "They won't tear."
I smiled.
Misato: "......oooh......everything you say is so embarrassing......can't you be a bit more romantic......?"
I fondled forcefully.
Her breasts freely reshaped themselves in various directions.
Misato: "Uu......my breasts are......like toys......"
Taichi: "Isn't that a good thing? I'll take your breasts, Sempai."
Taichi: "So that I can touch them whenever I like."
Misato: "That's......"
Taichi: "I'll give Sempai something in exchange."
Misato: "?"
Taichi: "But that comes later."
I touched my lips to her cheek.
I bit down on the bridge of her glasses and took them off.
Misato: "Ah......no......don't take them off."
Taichi: "Why not?"
Misato: "I want to be able to see......"
That makes sense.
I left her glasses on.
Then I continued the massage, doing it in such a way that she could see everything.
Misato: "Uuuu......how long are you going to keep doing this...?"
Taichi: "Until I get tired of it."
Although I think that might never happen.
A captivating, dynamic pair of hills.
Because of them my flesh took on heat.
Taichi: "It's warm, isn't it?"
Misato: "........................"
Taichi: "Maybe the heat of my hands transferred to you, or perhaps Sempai's breasts are getting excited."
Misato: "My breasts are not that perverted."
Taichi: "But they are sweating a little at the tips."
Misato: "No......don't say that......I'll die......"
As she said, her breasts were trembling with shame.
A very small quantity of sweat lightly moistened the surface, giving them a nice luster.
I tried cupping my hands around them and shaking them.
The tips bounced without direction.
Like small boats being thrown around on the waves.
Misato: "......nooo......don't shake them......"
I really might keep playing with them forever.
But it'd be laughable to ejaculate just from fondling breasts.
Taichi: "Here I go."
Misato: "Eh? What?"
I whispered as my face approached her.
My mouth attached itself to her white chest.
Misato: "Ow!"
I used my teeth to push down on the entirety of her sensitive membranes.
Misato: "......nnn............nn......"
I sucked.
Misato: "Uu!......kya!"
It made a sound.
Misato: "P-please stop......your mouth......is so......hiu!......kya!"
Making them adhere to all of my oral cavity, I licked it all around.
I made them drip with saliva.
Misato: "Nooo......stop, that......you......pervert!"
I chewed softly, tasting her flesh.
Misato: "Uuuu, I'm being, eaten......my breasts, are being......"
That might be the case.
The fact that I want to combine her breasts and hips with my mouth is close to an instinct.
Taichi: "And I'm going to keep eating them."
Misato: "I'm...Peke-kun's......food......"
Taichi: "And you're delicious."
I ate her areolas.
Misato: "Nn!"
Her jaw jumped.
Her white throat bent like a bow.
With my tongue I poked at the prey captured inside my mouth.
Misato: "Nnn! Ha! Nnnkakakaaa!!"
Her body twisted.
Did that tickle? She was trying to run away.
I won't let her.
I rolled my tongue around her protrusions.
Misato: "Huunn! Nn, that, stop......don't!"
While sucking hard, I pulled up my mouth.
Misato: "I-I'm being sucked......sucked up......"
When the plump things left my mouth, the inside of it no longer felt as if it were being stimulated by opiates.
My strong vacuum only held her nipples.
Misato: "Ah! Nnn! Ah, aaah!!"
She held my head.
Reflexively pulling me closer.
It seemed almost as if she wanted me to suck more.
Without weakening my suction, I pulled all the way back.
Misato: "Uuuu!!"
It made a splendid noise.
Sempai's face was colored with shame.
Misato: "......noooo, I want to die......"
Taichi: "I'll make you want that even more."
Misato: "Eh......Eeeh!?"
I reflexively repeated the same treatment of her breasts.
Misato: "Hya, nnn, uun......ah, ow......you'll pull them off!!"
Misato: "Kya......noo, no, no......fua, if you lick that much......they'll wrinkle......"
Misato: "Ah! Nn, nn!......haa, uun......I'm, going......numb......my, breasts......I have no idea......"
Misato: "Hauuu......ag-, again, the tips......nn!!"
Misato: "Haku! Too strong......if you suck that hard......they're, they're going to change shape!"
They were rolling, softening, and transforming as I wanted.
Taichi: "Sempai's breasts......they're quite sticky now, aren't they?"
Misato: "Sticky......that's, cruel......"
Taichi: "But they're mine."
Misato: "Yours......?"
Taichi: "Yes. These things of Sempai's are mine."
Misato: "......gusu......that's......"
Taichi: "Nice, isn't it?"
Misato: "............"
I twisted her nipples.
Taichi: "Your answer?"
Misato: "Kya!......ye-yes......"
Taichi: "Please say it properly."
Misato: "These are yours."
Taichi: "More properly."
Misato: "My breasts, are Peke-kun's......"
Taichi: "Nicely done."
Though it took her a long time.
I sucked her lips.
Misato: "Ah......"
My nose touched her glasses.
I continued anyway.
Misato: "Nn......nnnn......"
Gentle contact.
Her body's resistance left.
I deepened the kiss slightly.
Flower petals pivoted on their axes.
Misato: "Nn......"
Sempai seemed a little surprised.
Her eyebrows narrowed.
But,
She gave up and opened her mouth.
I pushed in.
I knocked on her gum, stepped into her oral cavity and twisted around Sempai's tongue.
I pulled her mouth closer to mine as if kidnapping it.
Misato: "Nnnnnnn! Nn! Nnnn......"
Her shoulders shook, but she endured.
Ignoring the drool, I licked her tongue.
Misato: "Nn......nnhu! Nn......nnnnnn......"
I released her.
Our tongues curled back into place.
Taichi: "No Sempai, you have to stick your tongue out."
Misato: "Noo, such a perverted......"
Taichi: "It's normal."
Misato: "Really?"
Taichi: "Everyone does it."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "Now, stick it out so I can lick it."
Misato: "......"
Full of hesitation.
I held her chin up as if to rush her, and,
Misato: "......o......kay."
She resigned, and stuck out her tongue.
She extended it vertically.
I licked it.
Misato: "Nn, nnnn......nn, hya, fuhya!......"
Her pink organ folded and sharpened. I made love to it.
I moved my saliva into her mouth, and both our salivae flowed down to the base of her tongue.
Ending with a light kiss, I pushed everything into her.
Misato: "Huuun......"
Taichi: "Did that feel good?"
Misato: "......yes."
Taichi: "Do you want to do more of that?"
Misato: "Yes, more......with you......"
Taichi: "Very well. I'll do that anytime you like."
Taichi: "But, let's put it on hold for now."
Misato: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Right now---"
My finger fell to her lower abdomen.
I brushed aside her pubic hair and touched her private parts.
Misato: "Wh-what?"
She finally noticed that she wasn't wearing underwear.
Taichi: "......I took it off while we were kissing. Didn't you notice?"
Misato: "No, th, that's......"
Taichi: "Also......you're already wet."
My finger slid inside, up to the first joint.
Misato: "Kya!!"
Taichi: "Sempai, this part of you seems really lonely."
Misato: "......wh-what are you saying......nn! No, any farther in and......"
Taichi: "It's all right."
A swell of unmanageable emotions.
They made tears well up in Sempai's eyes.
Taichi: "This time, I'll kiss you down here."
Misato: "Aaaaaahhh......"
Sempai blankly watched my face fall to the bottom of her field of vision.
........................
And then---
I scattered Mimi-sempai.
Misato: "......nn! Haaa......!!!"
Her hips stuck together, not moving.
Sempai's insides were meaty, with coarse undulations.
Taichi: "Amazing......Sempai."
Misato: "......uah......?"
As her mouth hung open, an indeterminate moan poured out from it.
Taichi: "Does it hurt?"
Misato: "......I do-......don't know."
Misato: "Amazing......something big is......pushing me open......just that is......"
Taichi: "Sempai......"
Misato: "This is my......first time...being violated......by a boy......"
That's right.
I violated her, half by force.
I did that to Sempai.
I rubbed her butt.
I'm entering in there.
A sensual image.
Misato: "Ah! No! Stop! Don't make it any bigger......"
Taichi: "But Sempai..."
An abnormal passion which won't come when doing it alone.
Misato: "Ha, han, I'm, I'm being torn open."
I tried moving a few times.
The tip, which had enlarged beyond its limit, was being thoroughly rubbed by her vagina.
So strongly that it seemed to make a rough sound.
The sensuality made my hair stand on end.
If I let up, I might really climax multiple times.
I'd been getting sensitive.
I wonder if Sempai was too.
Misato: "Kyafu!......afu! Nn! Nnn, nnn, nn!!!"
Since we're rubbing the same areas against each other, it's not strange that we feel it to the same degree.
In order to extend the pleasure, I had no choice but to enter at a slow speed.
Misato: "Aaah, aaaaah, nn, uaa, aaaah......"
Rubbing, and rubbing.
The stimuli increased in rings.
It seemed like Sempai felt this strong sensuality in another form.
Misato: "......uaa, ah, aaah......han, haa......"
Misato: "It's big...too big......"
Words with unheard meaning.
What she wants to say I know through her body's reactions.
Her back and shoulders were shaking pitifully, as she couldn't effectively avoid these stimuli.
Her nails bit into the sheets.
Beads of sweat formed all over her body.
Taichi: "How does it feel?"
Misato: "Fua? How...does it feel?......like something......is prying me open......I feel like I might...stop breathing."
Taichi: "I'm sorry, but for me, this feels good."
Misato: "......it feels...good?"
Taichi: "Because Sempai's hot on the inside."
Misato: "......no......"
She turned away.
Taichi: "Look this way."
Misato: "......?"
With our bodies twisted, I forced a kiss on her.
I knocked off her glasses.
Misato: "Nnfu."
At the same time, my hips moved all the way inside her.
Misato: "Auu......"
Her muffled scream was wiped away between our mouths.
Taichi: "I'm going to move, Sempai."
This time, I moved not up and down, but in a circle.
Misato: "Ah!......oh!......!!"
She clung to the sheets.
I kept rotating.
Following the flow of her folds of skin, sharp stimuli wrapped around my rod.
Misato: "Ha, haa, ha......nn, nnnn......"
I watched her upper body turn pink.
Misato: "Aaah, there, there---"
Misato: "Uuuuuuu!!"
Sempai's back bent.
The back of her head pushed against my jaw, very strongly.
Was she unable to handle this new stimuli?
I thrust into her up, down, left and right.
thrust is both past and present form, to replace thrusted (there's also another one below) -Raide
Misato: "Ah, aaah!, ah, that's! NNn!......nnn!"
A broken sob was squeezed out of her throat.
Though it was a vulgar voice, it drove me on even more.
I spun around again.
Misato: "Aaah!!?"
A truly wild scream which gained momentum at the end.
As if she'd only just thought of it, she began to rotate in the opposite direction.
Misato: "Kyaa! Nooo! Hya! Oh, NN! AAH!"
Misato: "Haan, stop......just stoooooopp......"
Amazing, Sempai......
Taichi: "Your body is amazingly perverted."
Misato: "No, that's not......"
Sempai put the back of her hand to her mouth.
In order to cover her voice.
I kept working.
The wet membranes added yet more seasoning to the peculiar sensations.
This was a vagina I could climax in with only slow movements.
Taichi: "You're good, Sempai."
Misato: "Nn, nn, nn, nn......!!"
I desperately held it in.
......I wanted to break her.
While thrust all the way in, I twisted my thighs.
Misato: "NNAAA!!?"
Misato: "Ah.........stop......that...stirring...shtop!!"
All I could hear was a cute scream.
Misato: "Stop, stop, stop."
Taichi: "For me, this is a bit better."
Misato: "Stooooop."
Under Sempai, the sheets had a deep, person-shaped sweat stain.
Misato: "Uaaa, ah! Agu......nn!"
It seemed that, when I moved slowly to avoid cumming, it became a moderate stimulus to Sempai.
Taichi: "......ah."
I delicately pulled out to a shallow position.
Only the tip continued to receive pressure.
I can probably hold it in this way.
By the way,
Misato: "Ha, ha! Ha, ha, han! Haaan! Nn! Ah!"
Delicate movements brought along delicate screams.
New sweat formed on her back.
Misato: "Ha, ha, ha! Ah! Ah, ah! Ha, ha! Nnnn!!"
Misato: "No, stooooop."
As a result, Sempai's thighs pushed against mine frantically.
Taichi: "......something wrong here?"
Misato: "Yes, I feel it too much, stop, not there...... I feel like I'll get carried along in your turning......"
Sempai, who no longer knew what she was saying, had a strangely graphic expression.
Taichi: "I see."
Misato: "Nnuu......"
As if to win over her butt, I kissed her again.
I licked the sweat off her neck.
Misato: "Hya......aun......"
Taichi: "Sempai's sweat smells good."
Misato: "......you're, lying."
Taichi: "Can you feel me on your neck?"
Misato: "I do-, nn! know!"
Misato: "Peke-kun, your hand......"
Taichi: "Okay."
We joined hands.
Held to one another.
Sempai pulled in closer and licked the back of my hand.
Likewise, I bit into Sempai's shoulder.
Misato: "Haann."
That was how we played with each other.
Just as our thighs had, my chest and her back stuck together.
Her body, wet with sweat, stuck to me with no difficulty.
Taichi: "You're......very wet."
Misato: "......yes."
Misato: "Umm......"
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "I want you, to move."
Misato: "......I want to remember your shape......with my body."
My rationality was killed.
Taichi: "Sempai!"
I twisted my hips.
Their path twisted into a screw.
Misato: "Hiu!!"
Our whole bodies' membranes, skins and feelings.
I sensed that all of us harmoniously unified.
Even if that was an illusion.
Even if it was an illusion of these membranes.
I moved.
The pace no longer mattered.
The speed of honest desire.
Misato: "Han! Haaan......am-amazing!......so fast, so faaast......aaaah!!"
Our desires, scattered into thousands of pieces, came out in our movements.
Misato: "Ah! Ah, ah! Ah! Aaah! Aaaaaah!!"
Misato: "I'm breaking, I'm breaking! Down there I'm......!!"
Taichi: "Down there?"
I asked while moving.
Misato: "......down thereee."
Taichi: "I want to hear it properly."
Misato: "My......pussy......"
Despite her hesitation, she said that.
Taichi: "More."
Quick-fire.
Misato: "Kya! No, no, no, nooo! My, pussy's going to......"
Misato: "Aaan! Ah! Aaaaaan! Hyaa, I'm, twistinggg!"
I bit her ear.
Misato: "Kyaa!!"
Taichi: "It's amazing how much you're feeling this, Sempai......"
Misato: "Myyy, whole body, feels......strannnnnnge......"
Taichi: "That's a good thing."
It probably is.
Misato: "Aaah, ah! Nn!......nn!......I'm losing it......nooo!"
Rub, rub, slip, slip.
Our membranes made sounds.
Misato: "......ah! No, something! Nnha! Nn! Haa, something's...coming!......"
Tears under her glasses.
I couldn't wipe them away.
I was impatient, like Sempai's heart.
Misato: "......Aaah, ahaa, ha......ha, han, han, oah! Aaaa......"
Now she'd lost all words with meaning.
I penetrated Mimi-sempai with my whole body.
Misato: "Au! Aoh! Oh! Nn!......yes......yes......that's
...amazing."
Her screams became hoarse.
Taichi: "Right here?"
Misato: "Aah, right theeerrre......aaaaah."
*twitch*
All four limbs drew back.
Like an omen.
Misato: "Aaah, ha! Ha! Ha! I, I......I'm!......!......!"
She could no longer move a muscle.
Her body just continued its minute shaking.
All her fingers and toes grabbed onto the sheets.
She seemed to be propping herself up in order to endure something.
Misato: "Aaaaah......ha, ha!......aah! ah! aaah......ye......"
Even my strong movements only produce low moans.
I stopped my left, right and circular movements, changing to just a back-and-forth motion.
The pleasure skyrocketed.
Her folds pushed me on with strong contractions, sweeping along my penis.
Misato: "Haa! Aaah! Ah!......ye-yes......I'm melting
......I'm completely...melting......haaaaa......uuunnn!!"
My speed quickened.
Misato: "Aaah!......au! Ah, ha!......!!!! Fuwaa!......an! Hin! Aaah, so...deeppp......un! Ah, un......amazing, amazing............aaaah! Haaa."
Misato: "......a.........aaaah......auaaaaaaah........."
Convulsions.
Misato: "Haaa......oo......aaah......hi, aaaaa............"
Her gasps were no longer from her body, but forcefully pushed out from the bottom of her stomach.
As my thighs struck her, her white haunches jiggled.
The wet noises continued without pause.
Misato: "Uu......uah............uuaaaaaaaah......th-this, I!"
Misato: "Aaaaaah......aaooo......ah, ah, ha! Haaaa............ah, aaah! Hii......aaaaaa!!"
Misato: "Ah............"
There was a pause.
And then,
Misato: "Ah, aaaaaaah......aaaa......--------!!!!!"
Various joints bent backward, twisting her whole body.
I also used the contraction of her insides with a long piston thrust meant to extend the joy.
Then I pulled out of her sticky, twisted insides.
Misato: "Aaaann......"
I touched the gun barrel to Sempai's body.
Ejaculation.
I felt like there was three times more than usual.
It became a huge puddle, dribbling down her.
Misato: "Aaa......it's hot......so much......"
Sempai watched with fascination at the scene of her own light pink skin being tainted by semen.
She took a bit of semen in her hand.
Holding it up to her eyes, she squeezed it.
She opened it up again, with all five sticky fingers.
Misato: "Semen......it's white......nn......the smell......a boy's smell......nnn......"
She put it in her mouth.
I rubbed her hair.
Misato: "Nn......that feels nice......"
She closed her eyes.
Taichi: "......Sempai?"
Her light breathing was already sounding like that of someone asleep.
......
............
........................
I didn't feel there was any need to add an explanatory sentence or two here.
Misato: "......nn......"
One hour.
That's how long she'd been sleeping.
I'd watched her the whole time.
Misato: "......ah......Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "Hello."
Misato: "Ah......I, fell asleep......kya."
She panicked over her nakedness, and hid under the sheets.
Taichi: "It felt more like you fainted."
Misato: "......no......"
She felt ashamed.
Taichi: "Does it hurt?"
Misato: "Eh......no......though I can still feel a little......"
Misato: "Ah......it almost feels like......there's still something inside......"
Taichi: "I wiped it off for you."
Misato: "Eh......wiped what?"
She looked down inside the sheets.
Taichi: "I think you're completely clean."
Misato: "Uu......such shame......"
Taichi: "That's not true at all."
Taichi: "Your body's perfectly clean now."
Misato: "......uuuu."
She groaned.
Taichi: "Please wait a moment."
I went downstairs, then came back.
Taichi: "Here you go."
Handmade popsicles.
Misato: "Oh......"
Misato: "Thank you."
We both bit into them.
Misato: "......it's cold, and delicious."
Yep.
She doesn't seem mad.
Misato: "......we really did it."
Taichi: "We did."
Misato: "Of all the times to do it......"
Taichi: "Self-preservation instincts go wild in crisis situations."
Misato: "......you speak lies."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Taichi: "Hey, Sempai."
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?"
Misato: "......the beach?"
Taichi: "Just us."
Misato: "That sounds nice."
She might have just thought of her club.
Taichi: "You need breaks too."
Misato: "......you're right."
Misato: "Then we'll take tomorrow off and have a blast."
She was being shy.
She seemed refreshed, but somewhere in her, there was still a doubt.
One that I'd never reach.
Even by sleeping with her.
Taichi: "......now then,"
Since it's before noon, the air temperature isn't that high yet.
I went to the roof alone.
Early morning.
Sempai ought to get here by afternoon.
Taichi: "Now,"
I got a head start on the work.
For now, there's heavy labor to do.
Even I could handle transporting heavy objects.
......
............
..................
I brought some materials to the roof.
There I came across Tomoki.
Tomoki: "That you......Taichi?"
He stared at me in shock.
Taichi: "Did you come to participate in the club?"
Tomoki: "......there's no way I'd-"
Taichi: "Sempai seems to be bothered by that."
Tomoki: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "There seems to be a lot of stress building up within her at the moment."
Taichi: "And it's from family circumstances, right?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "And that's why she's being so reckless."
Tomoki: "You're calling it 'reckless'......"
Taichi: "Should I have said 'fleeing?'"
Tomoki: "......"
A stern expression.
Taichi: "......well, I do think it should be just between you and her......but honestly, it's hard to avoid asking for your help."
Tomoki: "......same to you, Taichi. I don't even know why you're helping her."
Taichi: "What else is there to do?"
Taichi: "Besides......I think doing this sort of thing is important to all of us."
I placed the materials on a table.
I needed some wiring expertise.
Taichi: "Damn it, I don't get this stuff."
Tomoki: "......what are you doing?"
Taichi: "Oh, I figured if I did this then she'd say 'Peke-kun, you're amazing!' or 'I'm so moved!' or 'I'm getting wet' and kiss me......or something. Yo, Tomoki-sensei."
Tomoki: "She's not going to kiss you."
Tomoki: "This for the club?"
Taichi: "Yep, yep."
Tomoki lazily sat down on the ground.
Tomoki: "Here."
Taichi: "Oh, thanks."
Canned juice.
Though it wasn't all that cold.
Tomoki: "......Taichi...why are you so eager to do this?"
Taichi: "Oh, a serious youth-flavored question."
Tomoki: "You're making no sense or seaweed."
Taichi: "That joke was hilarious."
Tomoki: "......why are you working for the club?"
Taichi: "Can I ask something too?"
With a serious face.
Tomoki: "Mm?"
Taichi: "It has to do with......you and your nee-san. Are you okay with that?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "It's a serious question."
Tomoki: "......okay. What?"
Taichi: "Yeah..."
I pushed out my question a little stiffly. 
Taichi: "Why do you, a person from Kantou, sometimes use 『nan?』 for 『what?』 and 『sou yan』 for 『that's true』 like part of some pseudo-Kansai dialect?"
Tomoki: "That question has absolutely nothing to do with Aneki!!"
Tomoki: "I'm going home......"
Taichi: "Woah, woah, hold up a minute. Rome wasn't built in a day."
Tomoki: "Thank you for depressing me, Taichi-kun."
Taichi: "Yep. My conversations always take the scenic route."
Taichi: "In other words...think about it, doesn't having an objective give a person something to live for?"
Tomoki: "......something to live for."
Tomoki: "Once basic needs are met, that sort of thing might be nice."
Taichi: "That's why I was enamored with this."
Tomoki: "'This'?"
Taichi: "Youth Group Grafitea."
Taichi: "What flavor do you think this has?"
Tomoki: "No, that's not tea."
Tomoki stood up and circled the antenna.
Tomoki: "So......that's it?"
Taichi: "It's nice to have something to do."
Tomoki: "......we do have something. Like looking for materials."
Taichi: "At the very least, this club has hope."
Tomoki: "You might only be able to confirm your despair, you know?"
Taichi: "There's the hope that we can confirm despair."
Tomoki: "......I can't understand how you think, Taichi."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Tomoki: "Why do you seem to be enjoying this so much?"
Taichi: "He-he."
Tomoki: "Truly, unbelievable."
Tomoki wiped his eyes with his arms.
Tomoki: "All I know......are the materials used in wiring mobiles and antennas."
Taichi: "Then help out."
Tomoki: "That's it? At least pretend to feel a little more gratitude than that."
Taichi: "Idiot, I'm crying on the inside. My tears are even bitter."
Tomoki: "It doesn't look that way."
Taichi: "It's lame for two guys to get damp with each other's tears, so go do that with your nee-chan."
Tomoki: "You're horrible!"
Taichi: "Now, if you've made that decision then hurry up and work! The planned broadcast day is tomorrow."
Tomoki: "Yeah, yeah."
Tomoki: "Then I'll go procure some materials."
Tomoki: "......Taichi?"
Tomoki's feet stopped in front of the door.
Taichi: "Nn?"
Tomoki: "I thought you'd tell me to make up with Aneki no matter what, but instead you tell me to help her out as a brother."
Taichi: "Oh no, sibling rivalry is part of a healthy life. I wouldn't stop it."
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "The point being, I was telling you to help me out."
I stuck out my chest.
Tomoki: "......aren't you a big shot."
Taichi: "I'm the overlord of all adaptation coefficients over eighty."
Tomoki: "......even if you're an overlord, I'll still be your friend."
Tomoki: "Because I don't dislike that."
He disappeared inside the school building. As if running away.
Taichi: "'Because I don't dislike'......huhu!"
When Tomoki said that, for a moment his face was as red as the limits of humanity would allow.
Taichi: "Don't say it if you're going to get embarrassed. Seriously."
I looked up at the antenna.
Taichi: "But, this should get it progressing a bit."
An enjoyable farce of a club.
This could become a precious memory.
So that someday, I'll see enjoyable dreams---
Surely.
Forever.
So I can feel thankful.
I think that I'm fighting.
Taichi: "Hey, melancholy Ojou-sama."
Touko: "......"
Her face was horribly pale.
Taichi: "......are you eating properly?"
Touko: "What is it with you!?" 
Her mood was quickly injured.
I'm seriously worried.
Taichi: "You look pale."
Taichi: "Even if you don't have an appetite, your body needs food."
Taichi: "The body has shallower roots than the mind."
Touko: "That's too much trouble!"
Taichi: "Aren't you good at cooking?"
She said that a long time ago.
Touko: "......forget about it."
She wouldn't look at my face.
Taichi: "You're hopeless."
Taichi: "Come on, hold out your hand."
Touko: "......my hand?"
Taichi: "Hold it out."
Touko's face filled itself with a detective's suspicion.
Although a real detective wouldn't show it if they suspected something.
Touko: "......aren't you just going to make me hold something weird again?"
Taichi: "Heh, you say that as if I've done it before."
She spat out fictional saliva (sociability).
Touko: "Didn't you?!"
Taichi: "......eh!?"
I overreacted.
Touko: "Didn't you do it didn't you do it didn't you make me squeeze it and squeeze it!?"
Taichi: "That happened...?"
I spoke with the tone of a stupid kid.
Touko: "Don't play dumb!!"
Taichi: "I really don't remember it..."
Touko: "Lies! That's definitely the face of someone who remembers!"
Taichi: "What kind of face?"
Touko: "The sensation still hasn't left my hand, and yet-!!"
She was shaking.
Touko: "To begin with, you-! Didn't you mount someone's head once?!"
Taichi: "Ah, the topknot."
Forbidden secret technique: the topknot.
There was a week one line somewhere that mentioned topknot in a rather cryptic way, and we had no idea what to do with it then. I guess the mystery is finally solved.
Taichi: "The tastes of the aristocrats."
Touko: "Aren't those the tastes of a sexual criminal!!? Why would an aristocrat ever do such things!!!?"
Taichi: "You're an erotic aristocrat yourself, you know."
Touko: "Wh---!"
Her pale face turned solid white.
Taichi: "Using my fingers---"
Touko: "Didn't you make me do that---------!!!?"
*bam* *bam* *smack!*
Taichi: "YOU WIN!"
I danced.
Drawing a parabola as I fell.
Taichi: "This may be my spiritual duty, but......owww......that hurts......"
I got up and then moved the scattered desks and chairs back into position.
Touko: "......"
Touko had already returned to her former posture.
Her face was made of some shape memory alloy.
Aristocratic blood?
Taichi: "Umm, Kirihara-shan."
Touko: "......"
A sigh.
Taichi: "Okay okay, if you're going to ignore me, go right ahead."
Taichi: "Now give me your hand."
I took her hand by force.
Touko: "Hey......"
*plop* *plop* *plop*
Taichi: "Eat mother's flavor."
Three round candies rolled around on the palm of her hand.
Touko: "Ah."
Taichi: "Be at ease. My two hundred million small wonderful lives aren't inside those."
Taichi: "They're on vacation (alol)."
Touko: "......of course they are."
*squeeze*
Touko gripped the candies.
Taichi: "You should be able to live for a while with enough sugar intake."
Cheap jokes should also be forgiven if done three at a time.
Taichi: "Even if you don't have an appetite, make sure you practice putting things in your mouth."
Touko glared at her fist.
Touko: "......you're...always like that."
Touko: "Pretending to be kind, being an idiot, being cold and distant, being scary."
Touko: "I don't understand."
She covered her face.
Touko: "......I'm begging you, leave me alone."
Taichi: "Ooohhh."
She's mad at me.
One nice thing about living in the country: the nights aren't painfully hot.
The wind slipping in through my window felt nice and cold on my skin.
Taichi: "......I'm hungryyyy."
While talking to myself in moderation, I composed a diary entry.
*growlllllllll*
My stomach bug repeated its roar.
Like a lioness who reveals hostility toward her cage, even though that cage is unaware that it's enclosing her.
Stomach Bug: 『Eat! Eat you bastard! Eat up!』
Taichi: "You're annoying. Is that some kind of gag?"
Stomach Bug: 『I'm hungry! Eat I say! This is a problem for you too!』
Taichi: "Short-tempered I see. Go eat your own legs like an octopus from one of Sakutarou Hagiwara's poems. If you eat everything, you can become an eternal existence."
Stomach Bug: 『Are you mocking me!? Are you looking down on me!?』
Taichi: "So what if I am? Nn?"
Stomach Bug: 『I'll hit you!』
Taichi: "Just try it, imaginary figment."
Stomach Bug: 『Don't make light of me! I'm an unprincipled, sweetly-raised entertainer's son!』
Taichi: "Huuu, aren't you cool. But don't forget that your sweet guy persona is a powerless entertainer's son waiting on the death row inside my body."
Stomach Bug: 『Ooohhh, you've really done it now!』
And that is how a human like me can measure the mutual understanding between myself and a conceptual existence.
Is that what they call mad**ss oh is that so.
Don't sweat it! (crying)
Taichi: "Still, I really am hungry."
Should I eat something?
I went downstairs.
The refrigerator's interior had been emptied.
Since there's no power flow, nothing can be preserved here.
I scoured the cabinets.
There was no bread.
There was no jerky.
There were only hopes and dreams.
......those were just so thoroughly useless that I just threw them away.
There was pepper.
There were potatoes.
TAICHI obtained SAUCE.
I think that looks better. For the color thing...It would look good but only if it had rays comming off the word or if we could make it rainbow. I agree that it needs something though.
TAICHI obtained SALT.
TAICHI obtained SUGAR.
Taichi: "This is a feast!"
I lined them up on the table.
Taichi: "Time to eat!"
Dispose......dispose......
With a sound similar to shaving, I gnawed on the raw salted potatoes.
Taichi: "Hooo, so this is the taste of new potatoes, nngagugu......nice and hard, almost like rocks......"
Taichi: "Wait, I can't eat this! What do you think I am!?"
I threw it.
Taichi: "*spit* *spit* I chewed it all the way to the bud! Even though it's poisonous! (that's true)"
according to wikipedia, the leaves, stems, sprouts and fruits of the potato plant are all poisonous, so could it be related to that? - Sheeta.
And then I noticed.
Taichi: "There's no food!?"
I was shocked.
Taichi: "I know! If there's no bread, I can just eat cake......huhu!"
A nice gag which would unmistakably bring sidesplitting laughter to the starving masses.
Because the masses are just that broad-minded.
Taichi: "Actually I'll order pizza."
I picked up the phone.
Taichi: "Excuse me, this is Kurosu, I'd like a medium dubchepi......"
*Dubchepi = a real word. A shortening of double cheese pizza. It's really called this.
Taichi: "They've been annihilated!"
I fell down in tears.
Taichi: "Aaah, and I hadn't even championed their menu yet!!"
My life is full of regrets.
Taichi: "That's it! There were potatoes here."
I just have to steam them.
I went out to the garden.
With survival manga as my guide, I prepared the rice cooker.
Taichi: "Finished......"
Steaming them is a pain, so I just cooked them.
This is the simple way to make potato butter:
Light a fire.
Dance.
Heat some stones.
Give each potato a name.
Throw stones at the foil wrapped potatoes while feeling brokenhearted (this increases the flavor).
Wait.
Cry.
Wait.
Wipe your tears.
Wait.
Overcome your sadness and grow as a person.
Wait.
Stop waiting.
Stop your stomach bug.
Take the potatoes out and move them onto a plate.
Butter......in lieu of that, add salt.
Sweep away trivial questions like, 'Wasn't this supposed to be potato butter?'
Eat.
Taichi: "Ow-ow-ow."
But they're good.
I feel so alive...
I saw someone collapse near the front door.
Taichi: "Bu!"
I ran to her.
It was none other than Kirihara Touko.
Touko: "Uuuuuu."
While greedily devouring the potato, I looked down at Touko.
Touko: "Uuuuuu."
I devoured the second potato.
Touko: "......someone......"
I devoured the third---
Touko: "Save me already......"
Taichi: "She spoke."
Touko: "Uuuu......"
She seemed to be in pain.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Touko: "......the smell of food......"
Taichi: "Hmm. You traced that smell all the way here?"
Touko: "............"
She had no reaction.
Taichi: "............"
I finished eating the third potato, then pulled Touko's body up.
*gobble* *gobble* *gobble*
Touko greedily devoured the potato.
Taichi: "......"
Without any seasonings.
With no time set aside for chewing.
Furiously, dauntlessly, thoroughly, eating.
If I think back, Touko was always embarrassed to eat in front of people.
This is rare behavior.
Taichi: "......Shinden."
Touko: "......!......!"
Taichi: "......Kasai."
Touko: "......!......!"
Taichi: "......Ukajin."
Touko: "......what are you listing?"
Taichi: "The innocent potato people who've become your flesh and blood."
Touko: "Ha?"
With her cheeks stuffed full of potato, Touko made a dubious face.
Taichi: "You need not worry about it."
Taichi: "Their lives will be carried on."
I clasped my hands in prayer.
Touko: "......ha?"
Taichi: "Nothing, nothing."
She looked at me blankly for a while.
Then started gnawing once more.
Touko: "......nku!"
Her limbs tightened.
Taichi: "Here, water."
I passed her a PET bottle.
Touko: "Nn! Nn! Nn!......"
She gulped it down.
Touko: "Hafu, hafu."
She devoured again.
This girl tries to look like an adult, but she behaves like a kid......
After flattening seven or eight of them, Touko finally took a breath.
Touko: "......I've calmed down."
Taichi: "That's good to hear."
Touko corrected her sitting posture.
With her head hung low, she looked up at me.
And I her.
I stared at her.
Touko: "......don't look at me."
She blushed and looked down.
She was cute.
My heart pounded a bit.
Taichi: "N-no I wasn't......you did it first, so..."
Touko: "I was trying to say thanks!!"
Taichi: "Aaah, yes, go ahead."
Touko: "Nn......"
Once more.
Touko: "Th, th, th-"
Touko: "......thank...you."
That was awkward.
Taichi: "It's fine."
Taichi: "I had no idea you were literally starving."
Touko blushed even more.
Taichi: "Was there no food in your house?"
Touko: "There was, but......"
Touko: "I didn't know how to cook any of it..."
Taichi: "What?"
Taichi: "Didn't you say...you're good at cooking......?"
Touko: "I'm sorry......"
Touko: "That's...a lie......"
Taichi: "You lie!"
Baaang. (the sound of revelation)
Touko: "Sorry."
Taichi: "But, didn't you make bentou......?"
Touko: "One of my servants made them, but I pretended I did."
Baaang, baaang.
Taichi: "That servant......how old was she?"
Touko: "Forty-five years......"
Baaang, baaang, baaang.
Taichi: "......I got excited......over an oba-chan's...... bentou......"
Touko: "I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "You're horrible!"
I fell down in tears.
Then,
Taichi: "Then why not go home and have some meat or canned food?"
Touko: "What's canned food?"
Taichi: "Are you serious!!?"
She doesn't know of the existence of canned food!?
She doesn't know the words 'canned food?'
The two words 'canned food' are not listed in the Encyclopedia Touko?
Eh? Well I did know she was rich, but......eh? For real?
Taichi: "Isn't caviar a canned food?"
I asked while my body shook.
Touko: "It's in a bottle. The box they come in gets sent from some foreign country every week."
They eat that on a daily basis---!?
Taichi: "If there's no cake then go eat bread and caviar together you rich bastard!"
Touko: "Wh-why are you mad? And what's 'cake'......???"
Taichi: "Kyabiii! It's being eaten by this girl who doesn't know anything of the ordinary! Oooh! Oooh!"
I personified and pitied the caviar.
Touko: "Even if you cry..."
Taichi: "That's why! That's why I'm asking what happened to the proud caviar!"
Touko: "There wasn't any this week. It was meant to be delivered yesterday."
Taichi: "What about last week?"
Touko: "Last week I didn't eat any at all, so the seal was never broken......and since it's perishable, it was thrown away."
Taichi: "Go to hell!!!"
I bent over backward.
And fell to the ground.
Touko: "Kya!!? What's wrong?"
While maintaining the bridge, my whole body convulsed.
Taichi: "Caviar......thrown away......since it's perishable......thrown away before it perishes......"
Touko: "You're foaming at the mouth!?"
Taichi: "Even though I lost all of my life savings in Chinese stocks when I was a kid......"
Taichi: "You've been throwing away caviar!!"
Touko: "You're so incoherent I can't begin to-"
Taichi: "That's why rich people-!"
Touko hid her face.
Touko: "......rich...isn't that meaningless now?"
Taichi: "Well that is true."
Touko: "Kurosu's fine because he can cook, right?"
Taichi: "Not sure about cooking, all I did was roast these."
Anyone can do that.
Though I do hold the power of Saitou Ta**o.
Touko: "......this is a pain. To think you have to work just to stay alive."
A statement of the rich.
This girl's house had servants.
Specifically, maids.
Touko ojou-sama.
In other words, she was automatically kept alive without doing anything herself.
Taichi: "Kirihara can't live on her own."
Touko: "......-hut up."
A forceless refutation is assent.
Taichi: "You automatic girl......"
Touko: "Hey."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Touko: "......can I live here?"
I doubted my ears.
She's really weakening.
I know I've said that before.
But it's true that she has no one else to rely on.
By necessity, she came to me.
Uwa, complicated...
After all, Touko and I---
Uuuuuuuuuu (agonizing).
Taichi: "It...It's all good."
Touko: "Eh?!"
The one who'd put the idea forth was surprised.
Touko: "It's...it's okay?"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "There's no way I can let Touko starve to death."
Touko: "For now......"
Taichi: "Otherwise, the Hungry Harakiri Wolf possessed by the temptation of food would be released from the bonds of this world."
Touko: "............"
I defended myself.
Taichi: "......nn?"
No attack came.
Touko: "Ah, umm, I'll bring a change of clothes right away!"
Taichi: "What?!"
Touko: "I'll be right back!"
She ran away.
Taichi: "Ueitsu! (Wait!)"
I grabbed her ankles.
*smack!*
Touko: "Obuobuobu......"
Touko kissed the ground.
Good thing this is grass.
Taichi: "Good thing this is grass."
We drew near each other through our true intentions.
Touko: "My nose......the nose I shape every day wif clothespins......"
You've done that?
Touko: "Wut're yu doin!!?"
Taichi: "Are you really going to live here?"
Touko: "I will! It's already been decided!"
Taichi: "Yet you won't even show your shame......"
Taichi: "When it comes to others you're a competitive girl who beats the crap out of everyone, but your sculpted features aside, around me you shall be a strange and conveniently flattering heroine!!!"
Touko: "......I don't understand."
I brushed my bangs aside.
Taichi: "Even though you were praiseworthy until just a moment ago!"
Touko: "But now that I have your pledge, there's no longer any need to sweeten the deal."
Taichi: "Aaah! Aaaaaaaaah! You tricked meee!!"
Touko: "Since there aren't any police, I'll be able to carry my blade openly."
Taichi: "---!?"
That Demon Harakiri Blade in my house!?
Taichi: "Hiiiiiiii! Someone!! There's a warrior girl here who's incredibly good with her blade!!!"
Touko: "There's no 'someone' left."
That's right!
Touko: "Besides, if you think about it, this is a just and proper civil right."
Taichi: "Eh!?"
Touko: "If you can't handle that, then give 'it' back."
*slip*
My hand was broken through.
Taichi: "I've already returned 『The 18-Year-Old Perverted Little Sister Next Door』......"
Touko: "I never loaned you an erotic video!"
Touko: "Something more important. Come on, give it back."
*s-slip!*
Something more important.
Taichi: "I should've returned 『Extreme School Bloomer Twirls』 too......"
Touko: "I didn't loan you any 'special interest' videos either!!!"
Touko: "My precious thing! That you stole!"
Taichi: "Aaah."
I nodded deeply.
Taichi: "What was it?"
Touko: "Do you have dementia!?"
Touko: "........................it's my virginity."
Taichi: "Hymen?"
*ka-blam!*
Touko: "Go change your eardrums!!!"
Taichi: "Gyaa."
Reckless Courage Bursting Explosion.
Touko: "Anyway I'll live here! I'll live around here! I'll live in here! I'll live up here......I'll live in here! It's decided! Ratified!"
Taichi: "You've got a majority with only half!!?"
Touko: "I'll be coming here with my things very soon!"
She turned on her heels.
Taichi: "Wait, wait."
Touko: "You're not done yet?"
Taichi: "......nnn."
Is there nothing I can do to stop this?
Taichi: "......somehow......I'm starting to see your point......yeah, okay."
Touko: "You're mumbling."
Taichi: "Okay, I'll recognize your immigration."
Taichi: "However, it doesn't have to be today. Why not tomorrow?"
Taichi: "I'll have to clean my room after all."
Touko: "Th-that's true......"
Taichi: "If you wait until tomorrow, I'll help you carry your stuff."
Touko: "Really?"
Touko's smile suddenly turned on.
Taichi: "......yeah."
My acting skills have......
Touko: "Either way, I have to go home and prepare things."
Taichi: "Yeah."
Touko: "I'm going home."
She left with a spring in her step.
Touko: "See you tomorrow then. I'll go to school as usual."
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Touko: "Make sure you come!"
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Touko was getting smaller and smaller.
The whole time I was waving my hand.
This is getting troublesome......
Taichi: "Th-that's way too loose!"
Touko: "......I see."
She didn't persist.
Taichi: "That's right."
Touko: "It is......"
On her kneecaps,
She buried her face.
Taichi: "Sorry......"
Touko: ......*sob*......
......
............
........................
I put the remaining potatoes in a tupperware, and Touko went home with it.
Taichi: "Be strong."
I wished painfully.
I entered the classroom.
Touko: "Ah, Taichi......"
She ran up to me.
Her attitude and vigor seemed to say, 'Will you eat now or take a bath?'
Taichi: "I will eat while entering the bath."
Touko: "......fa?"
Taichi: "Morning."
Touko: "Good...morning."
Taichi: "You really came."
Touko: "Of course I did."
Taichi: "......your belongings?"
Touko: "At home."
Touko: "So will you come home with me?"
Taichi: "Oooohhh."
Hmmm.
Ennui perhaps?
This must be what it feels like to be a 22-year old playboy who hasn't played enough yet but somehow got himself married.
Touko: "I was wondering, 'What should I bring?' and searched all over the place."
Touko: "And I found this old picture."
She said happily.
Taichi: "Hooo, an old picture."
Taichi: "I still have a lot of them too, if that's what you want."
Touko: "Really? You took that many?"
Taichi: "......"
If she meant an old (prohibited hair) picture (collection), then yes, I do have a lot.
I'm not lying.
Touko: "Good thing we didn't throw them away......I think I'll put them up on a wall."
Touko: "There are enough to completely cover one."
Taichi: "Ooohhh."
I tried being surprised.
Touko: "Huhu!"
She folded her arms around mine.
Rapid development!!
Dammit, this girl really is......
I took an item out of my tool bag.
*Tool Bag = Taichi's Goods. A canvas backpack also called the Taichi Bag. There are many secret tools in it.
Without a moments delay, I "equipped" it!
Taichi: "Look at this, Kirihara."
Touko: "An armband?"
The noblewoman strained her eyes.
Touko: "......I oppose......stupid couples......"
Touko: "I oppose stupid couples."
Touko deciphered the words.
Taichi: "That's right. From my position, I see the grave influence that stupid couples exert on their surroundings, and make every effort to control their firmly unregulated attitude."
Taichi: "Unfold your arms."
I shook her off.
Touko: "Not that this is unusual......but I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "Refrain from public displays of senseless affection."
Touko: "But...there aren't any people......"
Taichi: "There are a few."
Touko: "Uuu."
She was unsatisfied.
Taichi: "Kirihara, you're good as a reverse competitive girl."
Touko: "Haa?"
Taichi: "But you're going way too far with the sweetness! You have too much juice! Go on with a more thoroughly competitive spirit! Carefully select times to be embarrassed. That's far more moe......and it's for your sake as well, Kirihara."
Touko: "Ha? Haa......"
Taichi: "You're the sort of girl who's like a precious jewel."
I placed one hand on her shoulder.
Touko: "Eh?! (heartbeat)"
Taichi: "That sparkle surpasses the diamond......yet it is sad, for diamonds are carbon to be burned up in flames. Goddamn! I fully understand how foolish it is to hold one's hard-earned wealth in diamonds."
I pulled part of her hair up to my nose, and enjoyed the fragrance.
Touko: "???"
Taichi: "You have good and bad points. Please understand that, my wonderful maiden."
Touko: "I don't really understand...but I get it."
Taichi: "So now you know?"
Touko: "......Taichi, it's embarrassing to be clingy in front of people."
Taichi: "Whanii?"
Her rather significant misunderstanding caused my mouth to form a question pronounced not unlike how one addresses an older brother.
Touko: "So you do have a cute side."
She slapped my back.
She finds me moe?
Someone such as I, Kurosu Taichi, who happens to be plagued by Body Dysmorphic Disorder, is seen as moe!!?
Can that be allowed?
I say nay!
Taichi: "Yai! Kirihara!"
*kiss*
I was kissed.
On the forehead.
My excitement circuit shorted itself out.
Touko: "......ehehe."
She laughed innocently.
Th...this......
Dammit!
She's cute!
Touko: "Kya?"
I hugged her.
Ku! I've failed.
But I won't be controlled anymore!
Touko: "......purr...purr."
Not I! Not by such onomatopoeic words!
Touko: "Purrrrr...purr."
Touko imitated a cat by scratching my chest.
Taichi: "Fuyaaaaaa♪"
I'm melting away...
And thus, a stupid couple was born.
As I returned from the bathroom,
I bumped into Tomoki.
Taichi: "Tomokiiiii."
Tomoki: "Taichi."
Taichi: "Wahaha, I ended up cutting class. These hallways feel like their own little world during class time."
Tomoki: "Stop that, it's futile......"
Tomoki seemed dejected.
Taichi: "Our negotiations have truly stalled."
Tomoki: "Taichi, you really are easygoing."
Tomoki: "I can't read Saikoman anymore."
A dry laugh.
Taichi: "......I see."
I can no longer read ahead of him and tell him what happens next.
Tomoki: "So, what'd you come to school for?"
Taichi: "For one like myself who possesses an Innocence License, I am autonomically drawing out my mental void by repeating such forces of habit as going to school, for the sole purpose of acting out the subtleties of a fragile teenage heart left behind in the world."
Tomoki: "That thought's full of radical teenage ideas."
Tomoki: "There are still a lot of hot-blooded Koshieners out there."
Taichi: "Ah, to the people calling themselves post-modern, those Koshieners would be seen as humans who aren't worth observing."
I flapped my hands.
Tomoki: "Ahahahaha, you really said that."
Taichi: "Don't you mean, 'Wahahahaha?'"
Dark humor.
Sharp-tongued Tomoki likes that stuff.
Tomoki: "Thanks Taichi, I haven't laughed in a while."
Taichi: "It is a pleasure to be of service."
Taichi: "How's the club?"
Tomoki: "It's doing well, now that the Grand King of Snack Stealing is no longer participating."
Taichi: "......hahaha..."
He means me.
Tomoki: "Taichi's ought to be ready by tomorrow."
Taichi: "Understood. Thank you."
Tomoki: "No problem."
Tomoki: "Friendship asks for-"
Taichi: "Nothing at all."
Changed for consistency, this is what was always said.
We both presented sultry smiles, white teeth and raised thumbs.
Tomoki: "About that......"
Tomoki: "Will you be coming to our club?"
Taichi: "No, my participation was denied since I'm the Grand King of Snack Stealing......and I believe you're the one who renounced me."
Tomoki: "No, it wasn't me."
For a moment, he hesitated to say it.
Tomoki: "......it was from the roof."
Taichi: "Aaah, so it was Mimimi-sempai..."
Taichi: "Yeah, she doesn't come that much......a lot happened."
Tomoki: "I see......"
Tomoki: "Well, that might be for the best."
Tomoki: "......yeah, for the best."
Tomoki turned around and walked away.
He was acting strange.
I wonder why...
Touko: "......-you!!"
The screaming in my ears returned me to my senses.
Taichi: "Wh-what?"
Touko: "You were spacing out. Ignoring me. Now I'm hurt."
Taichi: "Seriously..."
Taichi: "Don't I have the right to space out?"
Touko: "......maybe you were thinking about Miyasumi-sempai."
Taichi: "I was thinking about a guy."
Touko: "!!??"
Touko was enveloped in shock (or so it looked).
Touko: "A guy......no......that's......(blush)"
Taichi: "As if."
That would be the worst.
Although it's not necessarily wrong.
Taichi: "Girls who dream should be careful of those dreams."
Touko: "......you three idiots are always so close, I really did see a dream or two like that."
That gets the message across better. Unless it was left ambiguous...I don't see a point in that though since it's clear what she means.Spin
Taichi: "STOP!"
Disgusting.
A pure love story with one of those two...
Taichi: 『......』
  -Invite Sakuraba
  -Invite Tomoki
Sakuraba: 『Taichi, don't make me get serious.』
Tomoki: 『I don't dislike that part of you.』
*shudder!*
Taichi: "Why am I thinking such disgusting things!? It's a perfectly normal friendship! Friendship!"
Touko: "How's it disgusting? At least you three idiots aren't too bad to look at."
Taichi: "......don't include me in that."
Touko: "No! You're still acting like the ugly duckling!?"
Taichi: "Shut up!"
That's a serious issue.
I'm staving it off with self-deprecating gags.
But it's true......there might not be anything wrong with my looks......
But even if I know that, a reformation of my awareness can't be done that easily.
Besides,
Besides......
Taichi: "Anyway,"
Taichi: "Punishment for thinking disgusting things!"
Touko: "Eh!?"
*whoosh-flutter!*
I heard that onomatopoeia.
Touko: "......---!!"
Taichi: "Heave-ho!"
I grasped the hem of her skirt and held it at the top of her head.
The disgrace this must bring to Touko is extraordinary!
And on a public road.
Now, Touko, what will you do!?
What will you do!!!? Serious samurai girl!!!!? 
(Spoken like a next episode preview)
In actuality,
I prepared to be beaten, I even expected it.
But instead...
Touko: "........................"
She just stared at me.
Her face got a little scarlet.
Her apologetically held hands made no serious effort to guard her scantiness.
Yet I can see everything.
Taichi: "Why......aren't......you......m-?"
Touko: "......but, no one's looking......"
Taichi: "Tha-!"
My lips shook.
Taichi: "That's not true!"
Touko: "Why would I get mad about a skirt flip?"
Taichi: "You're supposed to go *blam* at this part!"
Taichi: "Now, show me your moves."
Touko: "......let go, I can't walk."
Touko: "Besides......it's embarrassing."
*blush*
Taichi: "Blushing......"
Taichi: "That's it?"
The girl nodded.
A cry.
Nietzsche once said:
"Touko is dead."
Nay.
The individual known as Touko has not died.
Touko and the quick-handed competitive girl once thought to be Touko have been stripped of their greatest common factor.
It means that a part of Touko's individuality has died.
Touko has become real once again.
But I liked the Touko that was always scratching me...
After all, that gives me the greatest sense of stability.
Okay, if that's what it's come down to---
Taichi: "Forbidden technique."
Touko: "Let go of me already......I can't calm down with this breeze."
Taichi: "I'll make the breeze even stronger. I'll make you unable to strip panties or even push napkins."
Touko: "......wait, you're not going to pull harder while I'm like this, are you---?"
Taichi: "And..."
Then I...
Released the forbidden hand,
And lowered her underwear,
Down to her ankles.
Get a mosaic, quickly! Quickly! Quickly!
Oh, it's already there? That was some fast work!
This is a matter of life and death!
Taichi: "Oooh, Touko! C'est si bon! (It's so good!) C'est si bon! (It's so good!)"
I made use of my strong suit, French, to praise Touko's private parts.
Touko: "......"
Touko: "........................"
Touko: "-ooouuuuuu!!!"
She's saying 『Yooouuu』.
Her tongue doesn't work right.
It's obvious when you kiss her.
Suck her tongue a little and it goes straight up.
On the other hand, her oral cavity is as hot as a furnace.
However, her tongue's as soft as cream, so tasting it simply intoxicates me.
My thoughts ran through the days of my lovelatios with Touko.
*Lovelatio = Taichian for general fondling of the lips and mouth......maybe. Origin unknown. It appears to come from love + fellatio.
Then,
Touko: "Intolerableeeeeeeeeee!!!!!"
*ka-blam!*
Taichi: "Come on nowwwwwww!!!"
As I danced in the air, I had this thought:
The man called Shinkawa Yutaka is no longer with us.
And thus, we went to the Kirihara estate.
Touko: "It's just this for now."
Just this.
That's what she said.
There were three bicycle trailers there.
We pulled them along with the Kirihara's huge RV.
I can drive this.
I've studied it in racing manga.
......there's a big difference between watching and doing.
A lot happened, but let's just say Touko was traumatized.
She said she'd never get in a car with me again.
I felt the same way.
Wooow, I am so glad we had our seat belts on.
Anyway, 『We got the car to around the vicinity of the Kurosu residence』, after that we should've just carried the stuff.
The distance was only a few hundred meters, after all.
Touko and I searched the trailer.
I guess because Touko's a noblewoman, she thought that these bicycle trailers were covered women's bikes. So, as the poor people's local representative, I fondled her breasts with a vengeance.
I got punched. It was a good thing.
So we made three round trips with the trailers I'd found.
We were dead tired.
Then Touko's words beat me up even further.
Her first words upon entering my room were:
Touko: "......what's with this storeroom?"
Then I lost all strength and broke down to the floor.
Taichi: "Aaah!! I'm exhausted!!"
Touko: "......thank you for doing all that."
You'd better be thankful!
While mad, I complained to Touko.
Taichi: "You're a descendant of a warrior family, so shouldn't you be able to do brute strength jobs like this yourself!? Even if you play innocent I can see your true self! Remove your mask!"
Touko: "......you'd make a woman's delicate arms do such a thing? Are you an idiot?"
Her mood appeared to have suffered a bit.
Since Touko is snow, being nice makes her melt away, so she decided to never show her sweet face.
Taichi: "......I wanna take a bath."
Touko: "We can do that!?"
Her face sparkled.
However...
Taichi: "......as if we have that luxury. Water is a valuable resource."
Touko: "Eeehhh......"
Taichi: "That's what I'd like to say, but we can."
Touko: "Really!?"
I didn't think she'd be this happy......
Taichi: "Have you......not been showering all this time?"
Touko: "......Th-! That's not true!"
Taichi: "Really?"
I edged up to her.
Touko: "Wh-what!?"
She edged away from me.
Taichi: "As a smell maniac, I'm going to have to confirm it for myself..."
Touko: "Wait! You're kidding, stop, don't come any closer!!"
Taichi: "Ku-ku-ku."
With the laugh of a beast, I chased my prey into the corner of the room.
Taichi: "I wonder what sort of wonderful poison you've brewed for me?"
Touko: "......hi!"
Her neatly arranged features warped as she turned pale.
Touko: "Don't come near me......if...if you do......"
Taichi: "If I do, what'll happen? How do you propose a single, powerless child can resist against the great karade master Kurosu?"
I asked Touko with a gentlemanly, perverted tone.
Touko: "......if you're going to smell my body, then..."
*ting*
The sound of a sword being drawn.
Touko: "I'll cut you."
Taichi: "Gyaaa!!"
Taichi: "Th-that's the Demon Harakiri Blade!?"
I inspected all her belongings......when could she have brought it in here!!?
It couldn't have...across space and time......!!?
Touko: "How rude!"
Touko: "......this is my blade, Ima Kotetsu."
Touko: "Musou Jikiden Eishin School......no Dan."
Taichi: "None?"
Touko: "And where would I get any!!?"
Touko: "But the blade is good enough, so I can cut you just fine!"
Taichi: "Doesn't that go against the idea of iai!?" 
Iai is a peaceful path of self-criticism, without killing or being killed......
Touko: "If I am to bear lifelong shame, then once and for all-!"
Taichi: "Ueitsu! Ueitsu!" (Wait! Wait!)
I temporarily cowered and turned American.
Taichi: "Okay, I understand, I'll stop the pranks. Please put that dangerous thing away."
Touko: "Uuu."
Touko's eyes were glinting.
Truly a blade of mad**ss.
Touko: "......you won't try to smell me?"
Taichi: "I won't smell, I won't smell."
I would lose my life.
Touko: "......but..."
Taichi: "You should know, two houses down from here, there's a place with a full bathtub......you can wash yourself there."
Touko: "......"
Touko cautiously shuffled toward the door.
She didn't break her stance. A spirit from the Sengoku.
Touko: "............"
She shuffled backward into the hallway, and then sidestepped to the right.
Taichi: "S-see you later......"
Touko: "........................"
Her glaring eyes disappeared into the hallway.
Thirty minutes later.
Touko: "I'mmm baaack♪"
She returned lively and animated.
She bounced up to me, as if she'd washed away her murderous intent along with the dirt.
Taichi: "......welcome back..."
Touko: "Oh no! Taichi, you stink!"
I'll kill you......you bitch.
Touko: "At least wipe off your sweat. Really, you're so untidy."
Taichi: "......as a boy with fetishes, I won't lay my hands on a girl with similar interests, but I will at least perform sexual harassment. Hey!"
Touko: "Why are you getting mad?"
Taichi: "Are you asking me not to get mad!?"
Taichi: "......just, forget it. I'll go wash up."
Touko: "See you later♪"
When I came back, my room looked tidier.
Taichi: "Ha......?"
Touko: "Welcome back, Taichi."
Taichi: "Wh...what is this?"
Touko: "Didn't I make it pretty?"
Touko: "We're going to live here together, so I put everything away."
Taichi: "You're doing stuff Mutsumi-oba-san would do......"
I was shaking.
Touko: "But it was so filthy...of course I would."
She brushed her long hair to one side and let it fall, just like an ojou-sama.
She had an aura saying 『I really did it well』.
No, that doesn't matter at all.
Taichi: "It's definitely gotten cleaner, but......ha!!?"
I peeked down beneath the bed.
Gone!
Taichi: "My secret books!!"
She must have seen that first one on top of my desk.
Women are known to do such things.
But, they're gone.
Taichi: "Hey, Kirihara, wh...what happened to the nude design books I had here?"
My makeshift tactic.
Touko: "Ah, the books with all the pictures?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Touko: "I burned them."
Taichi: "Bambole!"
With a shriek, I collapsed in a straight line downward.
Then got back up.
Taichi: "Burned them!? Not threw them away......burned them!?"
Touko: "Somehow......when I saw them, I got the feeling that I had no other choice......"
Taichi: "You burned my academic books! Are you the Jade Emperor!? Is this the Third Reich!?"
Touko: "But they were all pushed under the bed, so I thought you didn't need them......and they all seemed to be rather vulgar books......and......there were naked women......"
Taichi: "I'm telling you, those were academic books!"
Touko: "W-were they?"
Taichi: "Can Milo's Venus, who did not physically desire the beauty at the origin of humanity, speak of this!? Study the figurine otakus who wish to love a sculpted girl such as yourself and learn some shame!"
Taichi: "And then you shall lament, in a world of the 451 Fahrenheit degrees at which books naturally combust. In other words, you shall fall into the burning inferno of hell! That's what happens when you burn academic books, you damned enemy of humanity!"
While spinning and spinning around I stuck my finger out at Touko several times.
Touko: "You keep throwing out words like that......but even I hesitated."
Touko: "But......somehow, when I looked at them......I got so pissed off......"
Touko: "I've heard there are things called erotic books in the common world."
Taichi: "Gulp."
Touko: "I've always gone to girls' schools so I don't know, but......I've heard......that men will......look at them, and......have delusions..."
Another epic line.
Taichi: "Gulp, gulp."
Touko: "But that's insincerity. It's not good to have delusions about other people when you already have a significant other."
Touko: "Yeah, it's not good."
Taichi: "Don't agree with yourself......"
Taichi: "Damn, I guess I can't win this."
Touko: "That's right, it's already been done."
I'll rape you......you bitch.
Taichi: "I'll rape you......you bitch."
I was as honest as a true saint.
Touko: "Hey, are you getting hungry?"
Taichi: "You're not listening."
Touko: "What should we do? Potatoes again?"
Taichi: "No, today there should......"
As we were doing that,
Tomoki: "Heeey!"
A voice from downstairs.
Touko: "That voice......Shima?"
Taichi: "It'd be a pain to explain, so please just sit still."
Touko: "Ah, can I go look at the other rooms?"
Taichi: "Do as you wish."
To the first floor.
I received goods from Tomoki.
Taichi: "Food?"
Tomoki: "Don't eat it all at once."
Taichi: "Yeah, good work with the club. It must be hard, but the deceptive feeling that you're giving alms to people must allay you somehow."
Tomoki had a tired smile.
Tomoki: "......it's true that this is taking my mind off things."
I returned to my room.
Touko wasn't there.
Taichi: "Hu-hu-hu."
Taichi: "Ku-ku-ku......"
I naturally smiled.
Taichi: "A clean room. Yes. It's truly refreshing."
Taichi: "This order was attained in exchange for the erotic books under the bed......however...Touko-kun, you are too naive."
Those were dummy erotic books!! (Epic reveal!)
My true objects of devotion......they're hidden in a different place.
From what I could see, it looked like her hands had not yet touched the cosplay outfit collection in my closet.
In other words, Touko's Peta Skill is still rather poor.
*Peta Skill = Taichian for the skill to sense unhealthy behavior and objects, commonly found in teachers and other guardian-like women.
There's all of the women's underwear that's still in the dresser in Onee-chan's room (currently unowned).
It works just fine for hiding tree leaves.
Taichi: "And, the goods so valued that they form a part of my soul are all......hu!"
Not even a fully-trained super-ninja would notice!
Look upon this amazing hidden safe in the wall!!
The utmost private space brought forth through the wonders of human architecture!!
I made it with the winnings from a bet Youko-chan made with me some time ago in foreign money.
A water- and fireproof hidden safe: 『Secret Heaven』!
*Secret Heaven = The name of the product
I rotated the handle embedded in the wall.
I slid it to the right.
The safe's entrance...
My password wasn't recorded anywhere.
It was in my head.
That is to say, even Lupin would not be able to uncover it.
9991.
The lock clicked open.
I chose this number based on the kanji in "Taichi."
Tai = many, and the largest number available was 999.
+
Ichi = one, so 1.
The wit mixed into this combination should make it harder to analyze than my birthday.
I wrapped my fingers around the handle and opened the perfectly square door.
......it was empty.
Taichi: "My soullllllll---!!??"
*shake* *shake* *shake* *shake!!!*
I was convulsing.
Taichi: "Agagagagagaga!!!"
Something came out of my mouth.
*Something = ectoplasm
Touko: "Kya, what's wrong? Something white's coming out of your mouth!!"
Taichi: "......ha?!"
I regained my senses.
Taichi: "Guooooo!!!"
I scraped together with both hands all that I'd engorged onto the floor.
Touko: "......you're sucking it back up......?"
Taichi: "Re-vival!"
I posed heroically.
Taichi: "Yai, Kirihara! What is this!? What happened to the contents of this hidden room? No, how'd you even find it!?"
Touko: "How?......I sensed a sort of suspicious aura......when I looked around, I found the safe......then when I put in a number based on "Taichi," it opened......"
Genius Peta Girl!?
Taichi: "The contents?"
Touko: "I'm saying,"
Touko: "I burned them."
Taichi: "All of them!!?"
Touko: "Yeah."
Taichi: "All of them!!?"
I asked twice.
Touko: "Y-yeah."
Taichi: "Coo! Coo! Coo!"
Touko: "Are you a chicken?"
Taichi: "You did this knowing that this small mysterious space was a part of me!!"
Touko: "Well......there were girls......tied up......and wearing school swimsuits and such......"
Touko: "It all seemed weird, so I burned it very carefully."
Touko: "Relax. You no longer need such things."
She chuckled.
Touko: "......design models...I'd be one for you."
Taichi: "Hawawawawawawa!"
She doesn't understand.
She doesn't understaaaaand!!
My soul! (Soul!)
In flames! (In flames!)
My soul! (Soul!)
In flames! (In flames!)
Ashes to ashes! (Dust to dust!)
Rust to rust! (To soul!)
My soul is burning, burning.
I no longer have any of the legends from E to A!
Here is the first level of hell, scorching, scorching!
My soul! (Soul!)
In flames! (In flames!)
Your soul too! (Yours too!)
In flames! (In flames!)
All together!
Taichi: "Goodbye!!"
At the end of my rap-style despair, I passed out with a scream like that of an Osamu Dazai novel.
At the base of my consciousness,
I remembered what happened last year around this time.
A fun walk to school.
And yet,
Touko was sullen the whole way there.
Taichi: "......"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Hey."
Touko: "......hmph."
She'd put up a barrier.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
She'd been this way all morning.
I'd been unconscious all last night, so I have no idea what it might be about.
The only thing I could come up with was that, maybe while I was unconscious, I did something while sleepwalking......
Taichi: "......hmmm."
It was possible.
When I woke up this morning, she was already at the pinnacle of ill humor.
Taichi: "Heeey."
Touko: "......"
It's hopeless.
Touko rushed ahead of me.
I closed in on her.
And lined up next to her.
The proud and haughty Touko didn't look at me at all.
This is beautiful and all, but with the cause unclear, it's just...
I extended one hand and tried gripping her breast.
Touko: "Ii!?"
Taichi: "You don't have any boobs at all!"
Touko: "Sileeeeence!!!"
Taichi: "Ojou-samaaaaaa!!!"
As I rotated comfortably I traced out a skyline in the air then the moment a part of my head made contact with the ground it abruptly hit the brakes and changed me to a single-rim wheel shape rolling at high speed and outrunning the rotation of the Earth itself...
...only to plunge into the nearest grove of trees with the vigor of a boomerang.
Taichi: "The Harakiri Fist......an invincible battle technique......"
The (late) grandfather who taught Touko iai and various other skills had also been called an invincible demon.
He'd been famous in the martial arts world, and on the net there was a video of him killing a bull barehanded.
Touko: ......*growlll*
And this was his granddaughter.
There's no way she'd have grown up weak.
Taichi: "Miss Touko, what are you so angry about?"
Touko: "......hmph, idiot!"
Ah, that feels right.
But I still don't know the reason behind her rage.
Taichi: "Kirihara-san, I don't think it's good to hit people just because of your own biology, really."
Touko: "Don't say such squalid things in that boyish tone of voice!!!"
Touko: "And it's not biology!"
Taichi: "Yes, based on my data, Touko's menstruation period should occur one week hence---"
Gain!
Taichi: "......guu."
I was punched.
Touko: "Why do you know it that well!? Just die!"
Taichi: "I think you're going to kill me before I even get the chance to die......"
Touko: "I don't care!"
You don't care......?
Taichi: "Feeling down after the first day of living together with a man is something even I can't understand."
Touko's countenance was rapidly repainted in scarlet.
Not from shame, but from rage.
Touko: "Why don't you ask your own heart!?"
*shuffle* *shuffle* *shuffle*
She walked on ahead.
My own heart......
As a guy, mine's completely flat.
......that's not it.
I asked my own heart:
Touko was in a good mood until... when?
She was definitely smiling when she was moving to my place yesterday. The whole time.
Then, I'm pretty sure a part of my soul was burned alive at the stake---
Ugh...
I felt dizzy.
I still couldn't believe it.
Is this something like the sadness of losing one's child?
I can't rely on academic books any longer.
A number of fictionally fertilized idols passed through my mind.
Taichi: "Farewell......"
That aside, let's think about Touko.
Last night I'm pretty sure I received some sort of shock and fell unconscious.
I didn't get dinner.
Nor did I get any breakfast.
By the way, I'm very hungry.
*ding!*
Taichi: "Is that it...?"
I knew the reason behind her ill humor.
It'll be simple to nurse it back to health.
Now that I knew what it was, I had the freedom to fully enjoy her rough mood.
Taichi: "♪♪"
I followed the road, humming.
The gate had been left open.
As if waiting to let me inside.
I used to think of this place as a prison.
But right now, it was a reassuring place, like a womb.
There aren't any people.
None, nowhere.
Only at school, only at Gunjou Institute, could we naturally gather together and see one another.
We were pulled in and made to carry on the past.
Actually, this annihilation of humanity is quite harsh.
I think it was the final straw for most humans.
It was good news for me, but for them it was a disheartening and lax death.
And Touko had no choice but to come to my house.
It's ironic.
I went to the cafeteria.
I sensed a presence nearby.
Taichi: "What guy?"
No answer.
I approached the one making faint noises.
Sakuraba: "......!!"
It was Sakuraba.
He was sitting down on the cold floor, and his shoulders were quivering.
He seemed to be devouring something......
With all his heart.
Taichi: "?"
I stood behind him.
Taichi: "Raba?"
I called his name.
Sakuraba: "......Taichiiii."
Taichi: "Gyoeeeee!!!"
I let loose a kick for some reason.
A front kick.
My toes turned to javelins as they slammed into his face.
Sakuraba: "......"
Sakuraba collapsed silently.
He got back up right away. No damage.
Sakuraba: "What are you doing?"
He said coolly.
Taichi: "I did that because your face was weird."
Sakuraba: "......hu, such infringement."
I'm absolutely convinced he used the wrong kanji there. 
After all, he's an idiot.
Taichi: "Were you eating?"
Sakuraba: "Yeah, as you can see."
Taichi: "......curry bread?"
Sakuraba's favorite food.
Probably cafeteria leftovers.
Sakuraba: "For some reason they were one case overstocked."
Sakuraba: "No one's eating it, so I took it."
Taichi: "No one's eating it because it's horrible."
Sakuraba: "Hu."
Taichi: "Stop that 'hu' laugh. It's annoying."
Sakuraba: "It'll spoil otherwise."
He's not listening at all.
In Sakuraba's vicinity, innumerable wrappers had been scattered about.
Sakuraba: "Would you like some?"
Taichi: "No."
Sakuraba: "I see."
Sakuraba: "I will definitely not push my justice onto yours."
Taichi: "Thank you."
Sakuraba has no concern whatsoever for the coherence of a conversation.
Sakuraba: "You're welcome."
He smiled.
He bit into more curry bread.
Taichi: "You've eaten this much already......?"
Sakuraba: "Yes, it might be the last curry bread in my life."
Sakuraba ate earnestly.
You may as well call it a fight with the curry bread.
However,
The cafeteria was a blind spot.
Taichi: "......are there no other kinds of bread?"
Sakuraba: "There were."
Taichi: "Past tense I see."
So he's eaten them all.
Sakuraba: "Any bread other than curry bread is unnecessary, so I threw it away."
I kicked him.
With intent to kill.
Sakuraba: "......hu!"
I cut off his medulla oblongata. Sakuraba fell down like a pile of sticks.
Taichi: "......why are you always like that?"
Sakuraba: "You're welcome."
He said, standing up calmly.
Taichi: "Are you mad!?"
Taichi: "Where'd you throw them out to!?"
Sakuraba: "I forgot."
A straight punch to the face.
Taichi: "......having a friend like you here in this crisis situation truly strengthens my heart."
Sakuraba: "Don't mention it."
Criminal cluelessness.
Now I'm the pitiful one.
Taichi: "Is there anything left at all!?"
I inspected the stacked cases.
Taichi: "There's something."
Croquette bread.
Thanks to Sakuraba's carelessness, there were tons of it left.
Taichi: "There's plenty here."
Sakuraba: "That stuff is there too."
Taichi: "I'll be taking all of this."
Sakuraba: "Do as you like."
I easily obtained food.
Sure enough, Touko was right there.
Taichi: "You got here fast."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And yet you're in casual wear again?"
Taichi: "I'm impressed you can wear something so warm."
Ignore.
Taichi: "Hey, hey."
I shrugged my shoulders and sat down in my seat......right next to Touko's.
I stared at her profile.
She appeared to take no notice of me, but I knew she was paying attention to me.
Taichi: "Sorry about last night."
Taichi: "I asked my heart like you said."
Taichi: "I was bad."
Taichi: "But I'm fine now. You and I are happy now."
Touko budged.
She turned to me.
Touko: "......Taichi's always like that."
Touko: "As if you can't even see me."
Touko: "Always running off......acting on your own."
Taichi: "You're right. I'm reflecting on that."
Touko: "I just want you to care about me a little more."
Taichi: "I thought you'd say that......so I came prepared."
Touko: "Prepared?"
Croquette bread landed on the top of Touko's desk.
Taichi: "Now, satisfy your hunger!"
Touko: "That's not it!!"
*growlll*...
However, Touko's stomach growled.
Touko: "Hafu!!?"
Taichi: "Your stomach bug."
Touko: "Th-this is different!"
*growl* *growlll*...
Her stomach bug.
Taichi: "Your stomach bug again."
Touko: "I'm telling you this is a different issue!"
Taichi: "There's no point in hiding it. I can talk to stomach bugs, you know?"
Touko: "............uh, what?"
Taichi: "Anyway, you're hungry."
Taichi: "And so am I, by the way."
Taichi: "So, our first period class will be croquette bread."
I tore open a package and dug into the first one.
Thankfully, they hadn't spoiled.
Taichi: "And this will also be our time to make up."
Taichi: "......I guess that'd be ethics."
Touko was amazed.
But,
Touko: "......hu!"
She started laughing.
Touko: "It's been a few days since I heard the word 'class.'"
Taichi: "Weren't you coming every day? Oh, I thought you were having classes by yourself here."
Touko: "......maybe I was."
She grabbed some bread.
Touko: "I really looked forward to last night's dinner."
Taichi: "Ah, in order to use me as a convenient cook......"
Touko: "Th-that's not it!"
Touko: "......I thought we could eat together."
Taichi: "We're eating now."
Touko: "......fine, fine. Those who don't understand will never understand."
Taichi: "?"
Touko: "I'm eating this!"
She ate while raging.
Touko: "......delicious."
Taichi: "On an empty stomach, everything's delicious."
Touko: "......it's not just that..."
A flirtatious glance.
Taichi: "What else is there?"
Touko: "Well......the atmosphere and stuff are important."
Taichi: "That's true, not that I really understand it."
Touko: "That's why, ummm......you know, if you feel really sad you can't even taste the food."
Taichi: "This is really delicious. The sauce is rich."
I said while chewing it.
Touko: "What I'm trying to say is...isn't it different when you eat with different people?"
Taichi: "Izzzz it?"
Touko: "Ku!......"
Touko: "If I disappeared......wouldn't Taichi be lonely......?"
Taichi: "Eh? You don't want any more bread? I'm going to take it all, you know?"
Touko: "Why can't you understand that I'm trying to imply it's more delicious to eat with the person you love---!!?"
Taichi: "I'm already getting hit----!!"
Touko: "......dimwit."
Taichi: "A woman's heart is like English. I don't get it at all."
Touko: "Haaaah, not one of the dreams a girls' school graduate has can be granted."
Taichi: "Boys' dreams don't get granted either."
Touko: "Like what?"
Taichi: "......like an event where all the participants are pretty lesbian girls making vows of sisterhood."
Touko: "Gross."
Taichi: "Don't call it gross! It's a dream!"
Touko: "Do boys really have such warped delusions?"
Taichi: "If that's warped, then the school bloomer wearers are aliens on Alpha Centauri."
Touko: "School bloomers?"
Taichi: "Don't worry about it."
Though she probably can't help it.
Taichi: "These days, they can no longer be found."
Touko: "?"
She tilted her head.
Taichi: "So, what're your dreams?"
I asked her while my cheeks were stuffed full of bread, like a squirrel.
Touko: "......stop it, don't show me that face."
Taichi: "Why not?"
Touko: "I don't want to see a pre-hibernation Taichi."
Taichi: "......even if I look like a squirrel before hibernation, I'm still the same old Taichi."
Taichi: "So the reason for Ojou-sama's bad mood is going to remain a mystery after all?"
Touko: "........................"
Oh?
She blushed.
Touko: ......*sob*
Uwa...
She's crying.
I'm weak against a maiden's tears.
Taichi: "Aaaah, crying won't......what should I...?"
Befuddlement...
Touko: "......not happy..."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Touko: "Not happy...not happy..."
Touko-ojou-sama's selfish phase has begun again.
Taichi: "Who isn't happy about what? If I can do something about it, I will..."
Touko raised her head with a glint in her eye.
Touko: "Taichi isn't happy about living with me."
A petite description trick!!?
She was talking about me!?
Taichi: "Haaaan?"
Touko: "......ye...yesterday we didn't do anything......"
Taichi: "Didn't someone make me pass out?"
Taichi: "Nnn, we didn't do anything? That's why you're feeling bad?"
Eh? That's......
Touko: "What!?"
Taichi: "Did you want to have sex?"
I poked my thumbs up out of my fists (both of them).
Touko: "........................"
Taichi: "........................"
Touko thrashed me in silence. I took it quietly.
It was a beautiful status quo.
And there was also bread.
Touko: ......*sob*
She was moved to tears.
Taichi: "............"
She really is innocent.
Even though the world's been destroyed, she's having a casual love affair.
It's true......Touko has nowhere else to run.
I'm the one who did that to her.
My jests changed that.
Retribution......?
Reproach, perhaps?
Either way, I had a duty to be with her to the end.
Taichi: "Ooookaaay!!"
Touko flinched.
Touko: "......what?"
Taichi: "I've decided. I'll become Touko's prince."
Touko: ".............................................eh?"
She was totally hooked.
Taichi: "Don't worry. I know that in the depths of your subconscious, you desire a prince."
Taichi: "Come to me."
Touko scowled at me with lethargic eyes.
Taichi: "Then......shall we have sex?"
Her lethargic eyes turned to dots.
Touko: "Ho-eh!!?"
Taichi: "Now, strip."
Touko: "Wh-wh-wh-wh-?"
Her eyes went monochromatic.
Okay, now I'll use one of Touko's favorite catch phrases here.
Taichi: "Miss Touko, QI (want love) from you."
Now it's a certainty.
Touko: "Re-re-re......you really want to!?"
Taichi: "Very much so."
Touko: "............"
She became ashamed.
Taichi: "What's wrong? Now that your stomach's full, let's satiate your lust."
I took her hand.
Touko: "I don't want to fulfill the three greatest wants in a specific order-----!!!"
Taichi: "Okay, then I'll perform appropriate foreplay to heighten the mood."
Touko: "I don't want that either!!"
Taichi: "You'd prefer I do it by force?"
My eyes sparkled.
I placed a hand on her clothes.
Taichi: "Now, now, now..."
I tried to strip her.
Her shoulders became exposed.
Touko: "Ummm, well, school, it's because we're at school, ah, aaaaah???"
She's confused.
Pitifully so.
Taichi: "No need to worry. Now, strip more. Show me your modest breasts and pink beech-kun."
Touko: "No, nooooooooooooooo!!!!!"
*gong!*
Taichi: "Kyuu..."
I lost consciousness.
When I woke up, Touko wasn't there.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
It's not like it'd be her first.
......faking love is hard.
I need to go to the bathroom.
*whshhhh* (running water)
Taichi: *sigh*
Youko: "......without even telling me."
Taichi: "----!!??"
That scared me half to death.
Taichi: "......hey, Youko-chan."
Youko: "Are you faking love for her?"
Her tone of voice lacked any intonation.
Taichi: "You know, would you mind not sneaking up behind me without any presence?"
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "What'll you do if my heart stops?"
Youko: "......Taichi's heart......wouldn't stop so...... easily."
Taichi: "How rude!"
Youko: "Cohabiting without my knowledge."
Taichi: "Why do I need to get Youko-chan's permission?"
The eyes in the mirror moistened delicately.
Truly, delicately.
Taichi: "Besides, even you're calling it fake love."
Taichi: "If that's what you see it as, then there shouldn't be a problem. There's no reason to look at every little game and sport, is there?"
She faintly hesitated.
Youko: "......but, Taichi's done this before......and failed."
Taichi: "The situation was different back then."
Taichi: "Besides, it's my responsibility to stay with Touko."
Taichi: "......just maybe, if our current life calms down, Touko might be able to support herself in the future. If that happens, then I can just cut myself off from her again."
Youko: "......that's a small possibility."
Taichi: "That's why I said, 'just maybe.'"
Youko: "............"
Has she accepted it, or not?
I couldn't try to learn anything from her facial features.
She basically has a flawless poker face on at all times.
Basically...
Youko: "If you can't control your sexual desires, then-"
Taichi: "About that,"
I cut her off strongly.
Taichi: "Give it up. I'm hanging out with Touko now."
Youko: "......I see."
She suddenly left.
At the same time she disappeared from view, that sense of an independent existence vanished.
She'd killed her own presence.
That's the sort of thing she can do.
Taichi: "Haaaa......"
I was tired.
Touko: "Ah, Taichi, thank goodness."
She'd returned.
Taichi: "I was in the bathroom."
Touko: "Yeah."
Taichi: "It's a bit fast, but about that..."
Touko: "......nn? What?"
She smiled gently.
I hugged her.
Touko: "Kya! Wh-what's wrong?"
Taichi: "......Touko has to become stronger."
Touko: "What do you mean?"
Taichi: "I can be with you for the time being, but it doesn't seem like that'll last forever."
Touko: "Eh......that's......"
Touko: "......again?"
Her voice shook.
Taichi: "Uu."
My conscience ached.
Taichi: "H-hey, my family has a history of short lives! My dad died of radiation sickness when he was young, my uncle died from the black plague, my grandfather died from Jemand's Disease and my great grandfather had this Naturally Acquired Immunity Incompleteness Syndrome."
Touko: "......*sob*......*sob!*......Taichi, is pushing ......me away......"
Taichi: "That's not it! Hey, I've already got mild leukemia! Touko, I want you to be the one to pick up my bones!"
I was weak.
Touko: "I want you to stay with me......stay......stay forever......"
Taichi: "Yes, yes, I'll be a-staying with you!"
I kissed her all over her face.
Forehead, cheeks, lips.
As if pecking.
No matter how many times I sucked away the tears from the corners of her eyes, the drops of water continued to fall.
......salty.
Touko: "......*sob!*......then......tighter......hold me tighter......"
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Touko: "Forever."
Taichi: "......yes, yes."
I put more strength into my arms, just as she said.
I felt like this was a bad pattern of behavior, but I had no choice but to obey.
But she's honest.
It's not like the current Touko has no charm.
Yes. For now at least, this is fine......
Taichi: "......tomorrow, why don't we go to the beach?"
Touko: "The beach?"
She mimicked me with a faulty tongue.
Taichi: "We'll invite a bunch of people, just like old times."
Touko: "Aaah, we went last year, didn't we?"
Touko: "That was fun..."
Taichi: "Weren't you mad at me the whole time?"
Touko: "That was because Taichi kept doing perverted things......"
Touko: "But..."
Touko: "Even though I didn't like the sexual harassment, I was glad you were at least thinking about me."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Dammit......"
*squeeze*
Touko: "Kya?"
Taichi: "Touko, you are so damn cute."
Touko: "......what's that supposed to mean......you're saying it like it's wrong."
Taichi: "Love is a duel. The more enamored one loses."
Touko: "Then...you have nothing to worry about."
She rubbed the bridge of her nose against my chest.
Touko: "......I don't mind losing."
No, you can't say that!
『↓』
『→』
『↑』
Waaaoo!!
Touko: "......huh?"
Touko: "Huh? hu-huh?"
Touko was making my hips restless.
Aaah, that stimulus is just going to make it worse...
Touko: "W-wait! Taichi, hey!"
Taichi: "......impossible."
Touko: "Some kind of......protrusion......!!"
Taichi: "Like I said, it's impossible."
There was no way I could hold back.
Taichi: "It can't be done, Touko."
Touko: "Co-couldn't you sense the atmosphere just now---!!?"
Taichi: "Forgive me."
Touko: "Idiot! Pervert! Degenerate!!"
Taichi: "Say whatever you want."
Touko: "How could you be thinking of such things when others are being happy or sad!?"
Touko: "You're horrible!!!"
Taichi: "It-it's not like I was thinking......"
Touko: "Then why are we in this situation now!?"
Taichi: "That's......a man's sad nature. In deep domains separate from thought, there are irresistible impulses produced that won't lose to either wind or rain."
Touko: "Doesn't that just mean you're indecent!?"
Taichi: "Objection! Girls smell too good!"
Touko: "Sm-smell......"
She was shocked.
Taichi: "The scent of Touko's body......is bittersweet, and......it excites me."
Touko: "L-let go!"
She shoved against my cheeks. My upper body bent backward.
Taichi: "Gebu!"
Touko: "Let...go...of...me...right...now!!"
The mouth which a moment ago was saying, 'hold me' is now saying, 'let go!'
Even someone as affable as myself......
Ag-gra-vation!
I put more strength into the arms I had around her hips.
I pulled her closer and pushed into her.
My protrusion stuck into Touko's lower abdomen.
Touko: "Stop!!"
Taichi: "I-it's not like this is your first time!"
Touko: "Stop! Stop!!"
Taichi: "Lady, resign yourself!"
Touko: "Stop iiitt!"
Taichi: "Isn't it good? Isn't it good?"
Touko: "I absolutely, r-e-f-u-s-e!"
Touko and I grabbed each other and formed into a 『Y』 shape.
We spent an hour doing that.
Taichi: "Haa, haa......"
Touko: "Haa, haa......"
Each step forward was met with one step back. The struggle eventually fell into a war of attrition.
We're both quite exhausted at this point.
But her arms kept pushing on my face, obstructing both our baisers, yet giving no sign of breaking.
Taichi: "......you're treating me like a rape demon."
Touko: "What's the difference......?"
Taichi: "Let me penetrate."
Touko: "That's what rape is!!"
She was tired, and her words were losing their oblaat.
Touko: "Girls aren't just holes for men to penetrate!"
Taichi: "Don't talk like Tajima ***ko!"
Taichi: "This is love!"
Touko: "Your face shows nothing but lust!"
Taichi: "Do not deny lust. It's a natural thing."
Touko: "And you're letting yourself ride that wave!"
Dammit, this is a total waste of time.
Taichi: "Okay, then why don't we do this?"
Taichi: "I'll give up on penetration. However, you give a concession as well."
Touko: "......what concession?"
We came out to the negotiations table.
We were reasonably tired.
In the first place, with all of humanity annihilated, it's abnormal to touch each other but not penetrate.
Taichi: "You just have to satisfy me in some way other than being penetrated."
Touko: "I do-not-un-der-stand."
She stuck her nails into my face.
Taichi: "Owowow, you-!"
As revenge, I rubbed her butt.
Touko: "Kyaou!?"
Taichi: "You want us to topple over like this!?"
Touko: "Ku......that was all your-"
Taichi: "That's why we're negotiating. I've done my resigning, so the rest depends on you. 'A' or sumata or mouth or hand, choose any means of service you want! Choose!"
Touko: "......uuu."
She teared up.
Touko: "Uwaaan! Why are you talking about service and resigning? That's not beautiful at all, it's graphic, it's unromantic---!!"
Taichi: "Eei! That's the difference between the sexes! Men will never listen but they can read maps!"
Touko: "An-and besides, what's 'A'?"
Taichi: "'A' is..."
I exposited fluently and accurately on the subject of anal lovemaking.
Touko: "......over my dead bodyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!"
Her resistance strengthened.
Touko: "Noooo, Oji-samaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Taichi: "Even your Oji-sama did this sort of thing to make his grandchildren!"
Touko: "Maybe so, but that's differeeeent!!"
Taichi: "Also your Oji-sama liked anal quite a bit."
Touko: "You liaaar!!!!!"
Her nails are nails are aaaah nails are...!
That was definitely a lie.
Taichi: "Okay, forget about 'A'."
Taichi: "But then nothing's been settled. Here, I'll decide. Do it with your mouth."
Touko: "......my...mouth?"
Her resistance weakened.
Touko: "......my mouth......I don't want to do anything more with it than kissing."
Hmph!
Taichi: "Hooo......not even greedily devouring food?"
Touko: "I hate it when Taichi trips me up."
Taichi: "Then just kiss me down there."
Taichi: "Is that not a form of kissing?"
Touko: "Uuu, uuu, uuu."
Taichi: "Aaah! You used to like being pleasured by my mouth so why are you unwilling to use your own! What a contemptible girl! You're a disgrace to all warrior gals!"
*Warrior Gal = Taichian for a kind of daughter or granddaughter with a warrior-like mind.
*There is only one presently on Earth, but it is thought that there was also only one prior to annihilation.
*The moral here is that you shouldn't subdivide and categorize everything.
Touko's face momentarily turned bright red.
Touko: "Wh...wh...wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-?"
Touko: "How is that the same as this!?"
Taichi: "It's the same. I wonder if you think of sex organs as parts of people's bodies......I did it because I do think of them as such......but Touko didn't do it for me much......so in other words..."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "For all your singing of love, aren't you being pretty self-righteous now? Aren't you?"
Touko: "............"
Hesitation.
Distress.
Anguish.
And then,
Touko: "......I understand."
She said with teary eyes.
Touko: "I understand, I just have to do it, right?"
Taichi: "Yaaay."
All this time and effort for a single fellatio.
That is so like Touko.
Touko's hands pulled down my zipper (as I'd ordered her to).
When she opened the front of my underwear, a ♂ protuberance shot out.
Touko: "......uu......"
She was lost for words.
Touko: "It...seems......bigger than before......"
Taichi: "It's grown."
Taichi: "Exactly the opposite of Touko's boobs."
Touko: "......sh-shut up......"
Touko: "So, you really want me to?"
Taichi: "Of course."
Taichi: "We can't go back after coming this far. Did you forget all about male biology?"
Touko: "I'm familiar with that......but we never had sex......"
Taichi: "We didn't?"
Aaah, that's right, just after it came that......
Touko: "I think...it was...this...way?"
Her hands affixed to the base.
And twisted around the rod.
Moving along it.
Touko: "......does this...feel good?"
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Taichi: "Handjobs really depend on the atmosphere, and right now I want to be stimulated, so it's just not..."
Touko: "Stimulated......"
Taichi: "First, wrap your mouth around it."
Touko: "So that was the first part......"
Taichi: "No, it should start with a kiss.
Touko: "O-okay."
*kiss*
Full of hesitation, Touko kissed the glans.
Taichi: "Kiss the rod part too."
Touko: "Nn......*kiss*......*kiss*......"
Taichi: "Also kiss the bag-like part below."
Touko: "............uuu......*kiss*...*kiss*......"
Taichi: "Kiss everything thoroughly."
Touko: "Nnnn! Thoroughly?......*kiss* *kiss*......*kiss* ......umm, for how long?"
Taichi: "Keep going."
Touko: "Uuuuu......*kiss* *lick*......nnru......nn ......it's hot."
Taichi: "If you want the hair at the base, why don't I give you one?"
Touko: "I don't want that......*lick*......nnnn ......*kiss* *kiss*......*kiss*......"
Taichi: "You can put some saliva into it. Actually, coat the whole thing."
Touko: "That's...filthy."
Taichi: "What comes out of Touko isn't filthy."
Touko: "Is that...true?"
Primitive yet effective words.
Touko: "Nn *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn, an, *kiss*......it's hot...*kiss*......*lick*......"
Her ardor increased along with the humidity.
I took a folding fan out of the Taichi Bag and snapped it open.
I leaned back, looking at the evening sun, a vivid, madder red.
It was refined.
Taichi: "It's about time to cover it with your mouth."
Taichi: "Don't use your teeth; that'd hurt a lot."
Taichi: "Especially since your character attributes imply you have huge canines, be careful about that."
Touko: "Huh? O-okay......"
Touko timidly devoured the tip.
Taichi: "Need to spit it out?"
She shook her head.
Taichi: "Then, can you go deeper?"
Touko: "............nn......nnmu."
She obeyed.
......she couldn't get the whole thing in.
An eighth. No, about a seventh.
It's enough to attain pleasure.
Taichi: "Yeah. There you go."
Taichi: "Now suck the air out of your mouth, so that the membranes of your mouth all seem to stick to it."
Touko: "Nn, nnnn......"
Taichi: "Owowow. I felt a tooth just now."
Touko: "Aym sharry......"
Taichi: "You should put out as much saliva as you can. That'll make it easier."
And it'll make me feel better.
She nodded faintly.
Taichi: "Now, try moving your head as if you're sucking up from the base."
Touko: "Nn *kiss*......nnfu!......nru......nnn."
A moaning sound seemed to be coming from her throat as she carefully began to move.
Strong suction.
A hot oral cavity.
She'd produced a lot of saliva, just like I told her.
Taichi: "It's okay to let some saliva drip out."
Touko: "Nnn, nnku, uuu, nn......auua......*lick!*......
*li-* *kiss* *kiss*"
Her saliva was soon overflowing.
Taichi: "If your tongue starts getting tied up, let it."
Touko: "......nn......nothing but instructions...... *lick* *kiss*......nn! nnnnn......"
Taichi: "......next time......I'll listen to Touko's instructions."
Touko: "Nn! Ru! Nnnnnn, nnn......*kiss* *kiss*......"
Strong sucking.
My penis slid back and forth within it.
Her lips were squeezing around it.
On the inside, her entire mouth was sucking, granting a pseudo-sexual sensation.
The membrane of her upper jaw both stuck to and rolled back and forth around the glans.
Taichi: "......that's good, Touko."
Touko: "Nn! NnNn! Nnnnn! *kiss* Nnku, nnn..."
Every so often, she'd breathe amorously through her nose.
It felt great, and I was about to cum.
Taichi: "......Touko, how is mine?"
Touko: "Fua......h-how is it?"
She spat it out and hesitated.
Taichi: "Hard, or soft?"
Touko: "......I...I think it's hard."
Taichi: "How is it compared to others?"
Touko: "I...I haven't done this to anyone else!"
Taichi: "Then is it hot or cold?"
Touko: "......aren't you just trying to make me say it?"
I am.
Taichi: "Huhuhu."
Touko: "......it's hot......incredibly hot."
Taichi: "Why do you think it's like that?"
Touko: "That's......"
She turned light pink up to her ears and down to her neck.
She realized that she was exciting me.
Touko: "......nn......nnmu......"
Once again, she put it in her mouth.
It seemed like the temperature inside her mouth was higher than before.
Her actions felt hotter.
Touko: "Nn! Nn! *lick*......nnnnn! nnn......nnku! ......*kiss*"
Touko: "Aafu! Amazing......Taichi's......somehow......I'm getting this weird feeling......"
Taichi: "That's a good thing."
Touko: "Aaan, *kiss* *kiss*......nnn, nn! Nn! Nn!"
Taichi: "Could you move a little faster?"
She nodded slightly with my penis in her mouth.
I put my hands on her head and guided her back and forth.
Touko: "Nn! Nn! Nn!"
Touko's mouth sucked adhesively.
Her sunken cheeks were lascivious.
Taichi: "If it hurts to only move your mouth, you can use your hands on the base."
Touko: "Nn......fuoou?"
Her fingers twisted around the stalk, and matched their sliding motions to her mouth.
Taichi: "Stronger, yes, that much won't hurt."
Touko: "............"
Wavering eyes.
They looked ready to cry, but that wasn't it.
Eyes of fascination.
A gaze of lust.
Touko: "Nn? ......hu!......it's getting......bigger......?"
Taichi: "Because Touko's mouth feels good."
I pulled her head closer and penetrated her mouth.
Touko: "Nnu............---!"
Touko took it in with hardly any resistance.
Then, I shook her back and forth.
Touko: "Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn!......uuun......nn! nnnn..."
Her tongue adhered to its underside and licked along it.
Once again, I sensed that I was nearing ejaculation.
Taichi: "......I'm going to cum soon."
Touko: "Nnmu! Nn! an!......nnnnn! Nn! *kiss*...... uuun......"
She didn't appear to be listening.
Aaah.
I'm cumming.
Touko: "Kyaa!?"
The tip burst as it separated from her mouth.
It jumped slightly.
Between her lips was a compound of semen and saliva, which remained connected to my penis as it continued ejaculating.
Touko: "Ah!......there's so much......it's hot......"
From her mouth, from her nose, from her eyelids.
My excretory fluid thoroughly stained Touko.
Taichi: "......it's good for your health."
Touko: "Eh?"
Taichi: "This."
I wiped the semen off of Touko's disgusted face with my fingers.
Taichi: "Open your mouth. Say, 'ah.'"
Touko: "Eh......ah............aaan."
In her mouth a very small quantity of semen had remained.
I stuck my fingers into that.
Taichi: "Lick it now."
Touko: "Nn, nnn......*lick* *lick*......nnmu! amu......nnn."
I took out my fingers.
Her throat moved slightly. She drank it.
Taichi: "How's it taste?"
Touko: "......nn......I couldn't tell......"
Hooo...
Taichi: "Yeah, you're clean now."
Touko: "Taichi's a beast......"
Taichi: "I know."
I hugged her, and caressed her head.
What... a... fucker.
Taichi: "Didn't Touko like me as a beast?"
Touko: "It's not like I fell in love with you because you're a beast."
Touko: "......it's because you came and hung out with me."
I came to her...huh...
I can't tell her it was an experiment.
There's no way I can say that.
I have to hide it.
I have to fool her.
Until the end.
For Touko's sake.
Taichi: "Touko......"
I hugged her.
And naturally pushed her onto the desk.
Touko: "Ah......Taichi......are you going to...?"
Taichi: "I want to."
My lips crawled along her neck.
I lowered her shoulder straps and exposed her breasts.
Touko: "Hya!......nn......nnn!"
Her body was twitching.
The atmosphere's already on.
That first oral contract I made is long gone.
My hand entered the bottom of her skirt.
My fingers played with the bottom of her underwear, which was already a little moist.
Touko: "Kyau...nn......noo......"
Slowly, I lowered it to her ankles.
No resistance.
I touched her directly.
Taichi: "It already looks okay."
Touko: ".........!!"
*bam*
She hit her head.
As Touko lay there face-down, I leaned down on her.
Touko: "Huuu......unn!......"
There was a little resistance, but it entered easily.
I hadn't felt Touko's insides in a long time.
Narrow. An unchanged texture.
Taichi: "Touko......"
Touko: "Taichi......"
Taichi: "Can I? Can I, can I?"
Touko: "I keep telling you not to talk like that!!"
Touko: "......I'm fine with having sex, just do it right......"
She prioritizes the mood.
She's the type who'd become enamored enough with the Titanic movie to fall into the sea together with her boyfriend.
Taichi: "......okaaay."
Well, it's not a bad thing that she's in the mood now.
I started moving.
Touko: "......nn! Nnaaa......so...big!......"
I slowly pushed in.
It stopped at an eighth.
Touko: "Yaann......I'm completely full......?"
At the front,
I had the sense that I'd taken up all the room.
Touko hadn't grown, but I had.
I pulled out.
Her insides stimulated the whole of my penis.
Again I thrust in.
Slowly, back and forth.
Touko: "Aau!......nn!......Tai...chii......ha!......"
Touko's expression loosened.
I could tell she was being enveloped in happiness.
I started changing my movements.
Gradual movements, then deep ones to confuse the rhythm.
Touko: "Haan! Ah! Nnn!......no, my voice, I can't......"
Touko's bare back produced sweat.
She tried to keep her legs on the ground by straightening her knees, and I pushed my body weight onto her to prevent that.
Touko: "Aann! Nnnnnnn!"
Her lower limbs oscillated like an accordion.
Sometimes curling up tightly.
Touko: "My clothe-!...nna, ah, ah...it, hurts......Taichi, my insides, hurt......"
While reaching her deepest parts, I pushed her down and licked her shoulder.
Touko: "Fuwaaaa......hic......"
Goosebumps formed on her neck.
Her vagina contracted, tightening her entrance.
My lips moved up her neck.
Touko: "Uuah! Ah! Ah!......"
Touko's right shoulder raised up.
I stuck my hand into the opened space and touched her breasts.
A modest bulge.
She was soaked with sweat, and felt like she had a fever.
Probably because she's stuck firmly against the desk.
Her skin sucked on my hand when I touched it, reminding me of rice cakes.
I lightly pinched her nipple.
Touko: "Kyau!"
Taichi: "Is your tip sensitive?"
Touko: "......y-yeah......but, so is, everything......ah! fuun......"
Slowly but surely I nudged her hips.
Touko: "Fua, uuun! un......nn! Ah! Ah! Ah!......haauun!!"
Touko was being chased up the stairs of pleasure.
Her voice was nasal and pained.
I placed my hands on her butt and pulled her hips closer.
A small butt.
It made me feel like I was penetrating a child.
Her vagina was a little shallow for me, repeating that illusion.
Even so, Touko's vagina was very wet.
I stopped moving and tried concentrating on the sensation inside.
Touko: "Haaa! Haaa! Haaa!"
Her insides contracted, stretching the skin of my penis.
Taichi: "......do you feel okay?"
Touko: "I'm fine......"
When I thrust strongly, she's no longer fine.
Maybe her insides are just that sensitive.
I need to move slowly when I'm playing with her interior.
Carefully, taking my time.
I had sex with Touko.
Taichi: "I'll do that thing you like, Touko."
Touko: "Eh......?"
I rotated my hips.
Touko: "Kyan!!!?"
I shook her haunches while tracing out her insides.
Touko: "Kya, don't do that, nooo!......aaaaaa......aaah, ah! Uun!......noooo."
A sweet, hoarse voice.
She was losing herself in the sensations.
To lessen the danger, I pulled out nearly to the entrance, then began small back-and-forth movements.
Touko: "Aaan! An, an!......ah! Ah! Nnnnnn!!"
The glans rubbed against her rough parts.
Touko: "Uu! Uu! Uu!......uuah! No, noo......too fast, no......"
Her whole body was drenched in sweat.
Her dress was wet and sticking to her skin.
Her hips shook pitifully.
Taichi: "Touko."
Then I thrust deeply into her again.
I penetrated all the way inside her.
Touko: "Uuuuah!......?"
And then again.
With the movements of a pestle, I rubbed the center of her haunches around.
Touko's upper body was bending backwards.
Her chin jumped up, her nails pushed into the desk and her haunches rose.
Touko: "......kiaa, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
A long, delicate scream.
But I wont stop.
*twirl* *twirl* *twirl*
Touko: "Ah! Ah! Aaaaaa! Wh-what, are you!......doiiing? No, no, nooooo......aaah, nooo......"
*twirl* *twirl* *twirl*
Touko: "Ah! Ah! Ah-ah-ah!"
Her back bent even further.
Touko: "Aaku............a..................fua, aaaaaaa!!"
She climaxed.
Her vagina converged, as if to break my penis by squeezing it.
It tickled.
My lower abdomen suddenly became hotter, and happier.
So this was how good it felt to be connected to someone.
Touko: "Ha!......haaa! Haa."
She was watching me closely.
Her eyes said that even after combining our bodies, she wanted to get even closer.
That's right.
Even sex is only a temporary junction.
It's not a way to make two humans into one.
I knew that this was the desire which moves the world.
Taichi: "......I'm sorry."
I started moving again.
Touko: "......kya, you can't......noo!"
Her back shook violently.
Delicate muscles strained under her skin.
A few slow oscillations...
With just that, the fire returned to her body.
Touko: "Uuah! An!......stop!......I...just.........aaaah!"
I pushed her down into the desk.
Her knees lost their strength.
I pushed up the lower half of her body, supporting her.
I wasn't pulling out yet.
Taichi: "......you came, didn't you?"
I whispered in her ear.
Touko: "Fuan!"
That's all it took to made Touko's back shiver.
Taichi: "......if something like what just happened comes again, be sure to say 'I'm cumming.'"
Touko: "I can't......that's......"
Taichi: "But if you don't say it I won't know."
Touko: "Buuut......"
Her sweet, beloved voice.
Taichi: "No. Say it."
Touko: "............uuu."
I gained her consent by force, thrusting my hips in again.
My penis was getting used to it, so it could move even while being pulled on by the surrounding walls.
Touko: "......!!!"
Like that, we formed a rhythm.
The hips trying to flee.
I captured and invaded them.
Touko: "Fukuuuu......uu......"
I changed my plan a little, trying small irregular thrusts.
Inside her narrow vagina, my tip tore her open right and left.
Touko: "!!! Nn! Ah! Nnah!? Ah!? Ya! Hyaaa......ah! Noo, nooo, nnnn!"
A clammy, slipping sensation.
It boiled up from the core of my body.
Touko: "No, even, bigger!......"
Her vagina tightened.
It pushed out, or coughed out a lot of fluid.
It dribbled onto the floor.
My lower abdomen also became very wet.
I was wrong to think she'd wet herself.
It was Touko's vaginal fluid.
She'd really expelled that much.
Taichi: "You're really feeling it, Touko."
When she wasn't expecting it, I pushed up to her core.
My tip quickly fit into the hollow.
I felt that the path had gotten shorter.
On the other hand, I also felt her vagina had become more supple.
I thrust with a far too impatient strength.
Twisting in up to the base.
Touko: "......oh!......aoo......uuuuuuu! Uuuu!!!!!"
A moan at the end of her wits.
Taichi: "Are you cumming?"
Touko: "......I, am......cumming......slower, do it slower......nothing incredible......"
Even if you say that...
Taichi: "By 'incredible,' do you mean this?"
I did 『that thing she liked.』
Touko: "--------!!"
No voice.
Touko was completely engrossed.
Genitalia contracted.
She intermittently squeezed down on me.
Taichi: "Ah, amazing, amazing, that feels great."
Her vagina made my bodily fluids flow backwards.
Touko: "Haku! Ha! Ha! Ha!......hauun! Kuha! Ha!"
Violent breathing.
Her contracting movements slowly calmed down.
Taichi: "......again you didn't say you were cumming."
Touko: "Fua, nn! But, Taichi......haan!......"
Taichi: "Even though I'm this excited."
I bit the nape of her neck.
Touko: "Fuaaan!"
Taichi: "Just like a cat."
Touko's sweat wouldn't stop; no matter how much I licked it up, there was always more.
Taichi: "This time, tell me when you're about to cum."
Touko: "That's...not posshib!"
Her tongue wouldn't move.
Cute.
I carried one hand down to her crotch.
And slid it inside her.
Right away my fingers located the center of that sultry heat.
Taichi: "There it is."
I uncovered her small protrusion.
And pinched it strongly between my fingers.
Touko: "......igi!!!??"
Her hips flew up.
Maybe that was too strong?
I changed to a tapping movement.
Touko: "Aaaaaaa......"
Her voice didn't shake.
I recalled the few memories I had with Touko and adjusted their strength.
From here on I'll use my hips too.
With wavering dullness, forward, back, left, right.
Touko: "Aau, ah, aaaah, aaaaaaaa......"
Clitoris, up, down, left, right, clitoris.
I made a haiku.
Touko: "N-! Noo!......you can't...move......"
Slow movements.
And yet Touko's breath was barely holding itself.
Taichi: "Don't die on me now."
Touko: "Uu! Uuuuuu, uuu......uuah! Ah, uu......"
Her right shoulder rose again.
Though you can say "her right shoulder rose," it's hard to say if Touko's in good condition right now.
Touko: "Ah! Kuuuu......"
Taichi: "I'm doing it slowly so you don't cum right away."
Her hips were white like peeled eggs, and I rubbed my hips against them.
Soft and quivering, but not too small to cover me.
A moe butt.
I rubbed that moe butt around in all directions from the inside out.
Touko: "Fuaaan......noooo......you caaaan't."
Her body had lost all energy, and merely shook as it was being reproached.
I thought it was a bit pitiful.
But,
I wanted to have satisfying sex.
Touko: "Fua, fuwa, aaaaa............!............!!"
She came again.
Her face was stuck to the desk, and I couldn't tell whether it was smiling or agonizing.
Her drool spread out on top of it.
Taichi: "......aaah, come on."
Taichi: "You didn't say you were cumming."
Touko: "I...I'm shorrii............*sob*......nnku!"
Taichi: "Seriously..."
I pulled out my penis.
A surprising amount of vaginal fluid dribbled out.
Half clear, but a little muddied.
I turned her towards me and kissed her.
Touko: "Nn!......nnnnn!......"
I sucked out the saliva in her mouth.
Taichi: "Come on, stick out your tongue."
Touko: "Nn......nnn *kiss*......*lick!*......*kiss*......"
Taichi: "Your mouth is a little dry."
Touko: "Fuaa, haa......my throat, is dry......it's so hot......"
She said as if delirious.
I reached behind my back and pulled out a water bottle.
I drank from it.
I kissed her.
Touko: "Nnnnn......nnku!......ann!......*gulp* *gulp*... nnn......"
Again I drank from the water bottle.
And let it flow into Touko's mouth.
Touko: "Nnn, nn, nn! Nn! Nn!......fua..."
Hooo...
Touko seemed half asleep.
But it'd be a problem if she fell asleep now.
Taichi: "......sorry."
*squelch!*
Touko: "......a......"
I penetrated again.
Taichi: "You're going to tell me this time, right?"
Touko: "......a, aaa......"
Is she okay......?
She's never done it this long at once before.
Taichi: "Come on, in and out."
I passed through her vagina, which was incredibly lubricated by now.
Touko: "Aaaaaa......au......fuu..."
She bit the edge of the desk.
Taichi: "Hey, that's dangerous, let go of it."
I grabbed her head like a basketball and pulled up.
Touko: "Aauauu......aaah......"
When I let go, it fell back into the table.
Taichi: "Hey now."
Are you a doll?
I'm going to fix your hands in place like the Sphinx.
......uuu, I really should've cummed sooner.
This is a mess......
Taichi: "Now, are you cumming?"
Touko: "Cum......ming?"
No.
As if to return to the womb, I pushed in my hips.
Deep.
Touko: "......aaah, ah?"
Taichi: "So you can feel this."
I rubbed left and right with the sides of my rod.
Touko: "......! Uu! Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaa! ---!"
Taichi: "I'll be just a little longer......"
My tip touched her deepest wall, and lightly scraped against it.
Touko: "Aau! Ah! Nn!......I'm me-......elting......uuu ............noooo......"
Uuu...
Her panting which seemed to crawl low on the ground stimulated me intensely.
It's just about time...
Taichi: "......are you cumming?"
Touko: "......fua, fua......nn, I'm...cum......"
Taichi: "Say, 'I'm cumming.'"
I slid my hips faster.
For a moment there was a remarkably strong pressure.
Touko: "Ah! Uuuu......I'm......ah, ah, ah......I'm, cumming......nkuuuu!!"
I finally made her say it......
One's sense of achievement is equal to the effort.
I'm cumming too......
I kept moving until the end.
Touko: "Nnnnnn! ------!!!"
Touko's shoulder blades stuck out, her arms stretched and her back bent.
She seemed to be climaxing repeatedly.
And then so did I.
Taichi: "......nn."
While holding her hips, I released deep inside.
Touko: "......ah!......I'm!......cum, miiing............ ao............I......"
It had quite a bit of vigor......I think.
I've never seen anyone else ejaculate, but...
It seems like Tomoki or Sakuraba's would just drip out.
I felt myself gush out energetically.
That water gun was knocking against Touko's womb.
Touko: "Au......au......uu......"
I let go of her.
Taichi: "......aaah, sorry."
Touko was completely worn out.
Touko: "......ha!......haua...fuwaa......I'm...dying..."
She'd lost consciousness.
Taichi: "......"
I tried sticking my fingers into her mouth as it opened and closed like a fish.
Touko: "......nn *kiss*......*kiss*......nnnnn......"
She licked them.
Taichi: "........................"
Isn't everyone thinking the same thing?
The lot of you playing 『Eroge and such』 despite being 『good adults』 should, without a doubt, be on the same train of thought.
I slowly pushed my penis against Touko's mouth.
Touko: "......nn!......*kiss*......*lick*......nn! Nn!......nnn......"
Taichi: "Waa..."
This feels so good!
Taichi: "Suck up what's left in the urethra."
Her mouth stirred.
From dreamland, Touko obeyed.
Touko: "......aam......nn......nnnnn......*kiss* *kiss*"
Waaaoo!
I can't stand this immoral feeling.
Touko: "*lick*......*kiss*......*kiss*......nn! Nn......"
Oooh, now it's clean.
......
............
........................
Although we'd agreed on just the fellatio, afterward I sensed she was in the right mood and had sex with her anyway. She didn't resist.
By the time I finished, Touko had lost consciousness, and was now sprawled out on the desk in front of me.
These few sentences will be read by anyone who checked the "all ages" box during installation and therefore skipped the entire hscene above.
Taichi: "Banzaaai, banzaaai."
I drank from my water bottle.
Water tastes great after exercise.
For no particular reason, I tried turning around to face the entrance.
*staaaaaaare*
Taichi: "............buhou--!!??"
I spat out my water.
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!?
I was being watched, I was being watcheeeeeed!!!
Since when, since when were you-!?
Taichi: "Awawawawawawa."
I rushed to and fro.
Just as apathetic youths do.
With movements like those used in a trailer from one of those thriller movie masterpieces, my body was expertly reproducing each action that was used, I lost my head.
Youko: "............"
Her lips moved.
I read them.
T  r  a  i  t  o  r
Taichi: "Hiiii!"
They moved again.
P e r h a p s I s h o u l d e x a c t v e n g e a n c e
I...I'm gonna be killed!!?
I covered my face.
But, no matter how long I waited, no lethal attacks came.
Taichi: "Huh?"
When I looked, she was no longer there.
Taichi: "......so she let that slide......"
I'd forgotten about her terrifying surveillance.
With perceptive abilities equal to that of a mother looking for her son's erotic books, she was a strong enemy.
Taichi: "I'm safe for now."
Once again, I brought the water bottle to my mouth.
My throat was parched.
I turned my eyes to Touko for no particular reason.
Her exposed hips had been scribbled on with a magic marker.
Taichi: "Buhou!!"
I spat again.
In that short a time!
And yet without any presence!
Is she a super ninja?
What did she write......?
I tried looking at it.
『Lustful Woman - Cum Dumpster』
Taichi: "Insidious!!!"
A woman's jealousy is frightful......
For now, I put Touko back in order.
Wiping various bodily fluids off her and repositioning her clothing.
Her underwear......I went ahead and took that for myself.
Aaah, the sweat stains of the butt......so oily...
Taichi: "Hmmm."
She can't see it herself, so I guess I could just leave it there...
Touko: "......nn!............Tai...chi......"
Taichi: "............"
I went to the art room.
In the staff storeroom, I found some paint thinner. Then I came back.
I diluted it, then moistened a cloth with it.
Wipe.
Wipe.
Wipe.
Her tight egg butt was restored.
Taichi: "I'm sorry......Touko."
*growllllllll*
My stomach bug.
Like a beast.
Maybe I should call it a stomach beast instead.
Taichi: "I'm hungry......"
And,
*growlllll*
It was from Touko's stomach.
Taichi: "......hu."
Taichi: "Oooh, what a smell..."
There were very few guards.
I mean none.
Touko: "What smell are you talking about?"
Taichi: "Hu......"
Naive. That's something I'd thought of a moment earlier.
Anyway, the cafeteria was quiet.
Thanks to that I easily obtained a highly sought-after menu......or not.
Deep within the kitchen, I sensed no presence.
Touko: "......so, what are we going to do here?"
Taichi: "Well, I thought we'd get sick of just croquette bread, so..."
I figured Sakuraba would be here.
He was.
Taichi: "............"
Sakuraba had died.
Sakuraba: "......uuu......"
Taichi: "Have you been eating this whole time?"
Moron.
There was a huge amount of curry bread left over.
I took a case.
I opened it, and ate it.
Taichi: "Hmm."
There were no signs of spoilage.
Taichi: "......come to think of it, if these have been here since Monday, then wouldn't they have been delivered on Sunday night?"
Since humanity was alive until that moment...it's been four days already.
Why wasn't the food spoiling?
I don't know.
Taichi: "Hey, looks like it hasn't spoiled."
Touko: "Ah, you tasted it for me......"
Taichi: "What did you think I was doing?"
Touko: "......n-nothing, nothing at all!"
You thought I was monopolizing it, didn't you?
Taichi: "And I worked to preserve the beauty of your butt......"
Touko: "Eh!? My......butt?"
I hit Touko's forehead.
Taichi: "Smack, smack!"
Touko: "Ow, that hurts, you know!"
Taichi: "Eat."
Touko: "What is it with you......seriously......"
Perplexed, she took some.
Touko: "......this is too hot."
Taichi: "And your tongue is too bitter."
Touko: "I want a drink......"
She covered her mouth.
Her tongue was weak.
I brought her a water bottle.
Taichi: "Here."
Touko: "Ah."
She tore off the top and stared at the hole.
Taichi: "......what is it?"
Touko: "It's getting pretty low."
Taichi: "That's fine, drink. I don't need it since I store water naturally."
Touko: "......so you drank it?"
Taichi: "Yeah, I drank it."
Touko: "............I see..."
What is she thinking about?
Could it be!?
The indirect kiss?
My heartbeat strengthened.
I'd never seen one before.
Touko: "......this is an indirect kiss."
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "........................"
Touko: "......Taichi?"
Taichi: "oooOOOOO!!!"
Touko: "Wh-what is it!?"
I twisted her nipples.
Touko: "Kyaun!!?"
Taichi: "Replay, please."
I sunk.
Touko: "......that's not a switch!!!"
Taichi: "You're right......"
Touko: "And what do you mean 'replay'......?"
Taichi: "I wanted to hear you say that line again."
I got up.
Taichi: "Now, replay."
Touko: "............I don't want to."
She said, 'I don't want to.'
She's lavishing her cuteness upon me.
Taichi: "We really do need that."
Touko: "Need what?"
Taichi: "Wait here."
I went to the classroom.
I returned.
Taichi: "A video camera."
It still has batteries.
Position.
Switch on.
Taichi: "Now, say that line again, Q."
Touko: "What do you want from me!!?"
Taichi: "............haa?"
Touko: "Don't be shocked!!"
Touko: "That makes it look like I'm saying something weird."
Taichi: "Eh? But......why can't I record it?"
Touko: "Why do you need to record it!?"
Taichi: "......because I wanted to preserve it?"
I tilted my head.
Touko: "Why are you answering with an interrogative sentence!? And why do you want to preserve it!?"
Touko: "What? Did I say something weird!? Something so weird that you have to mock me in a roundabout way? Was it that comical!? No matter......no matter how much I think about you, do you only see me as something to laugh at!!!!?"
She ignited.
Taichi: "Aaah, you, calm down a bit......"
Touko: "○×△□＄＃％＆○×△□＄＃％＆-----!!"
Uwaa...
It's hopeless.
Taichi: "I wanted to record my memories with you!"
Touko's mouth froze on the spot.
Touko: "......really?"
Taichi: "I want to be able to revisit these happy days in the future."
Taichi: "Haha......was that a bad idea?"
Like a young, naive 『I've really done it now...』 boy, I scratched the back of my head.
Taichi: "I really do like you Touko, and because I really like you......I want to keep this as a beautiful memory forever."
Touko: "Taichi......I love you!!"
*jump*
She hugged me.
Taichi: "Touko! Weren't you against it!?"
Touko: "............eh?"
Taichi: "Cry, Touko!"
Touko: "Aaa......Ta-Taichi!"
Fire successfully put out.
Touko: 『Ah! Uuuu......I'm......ah, ah, ah......I'm, cumming......nkuuuu!!』
Emergency fuck.
The video camera's playback function.
And on high volume.
Touko: "......eh......my voice?"
Touko: 『Nnnnnn! ------!!!』
Pagyuu!!?
My thoughts were canceled.
Touko: "W-wait! Hang on!!"
She let go.
Touko: "Sakuraba!!?"
Sakuraba was sitting in front of the camera and closely watching the image.
Sakuraba: "............"
He didn't respond to his name.
Closely watching.
Touko, with a face on the verge of tears, walked behind Sakuraba and peeked at the view screen.
Touko: 『......ah!......I'm!......cum, miiing............ ao............I......』
Copulation replay.
Touko: "Co! Co-co-co-co-co!??"
Taichi: "You're a chicken?"
Touko: "This is-!? This is-!? This is-!?!?"
She's a parrot.
Touko: 『Au......au......uu......』
Taichi: "......ahahaha."
Taichi: "Actually, I taped what we did earlier......ahaha!"
Touko: "......"
Touko's presence changed.
Touko: 『......ha!......haua......fuwaa......I'm...dying...』
On the monitor, Touko collapsed, unconscious.
Then she saw,
What happened after that.
Touko: 『......nn!......*kiss*......*lick*......nn! Nn!......nnn......』
Taichi: 『Suck up what's left in the urethra.』
Touko: 『......aam......nn......nnnnn......*kiss* *kiss*』
Touko: 『*lick*......*kiss*......*kiss*......nn! Nn......』
Taichi: 『Banzaaai, banzaaai.』
Taichi: "............"
Touko: "............"
We faced off.
*gu-nyari*
Space warped.
Touko smirked.
The smell of a beast!!?
And its murderous intent!?
It's swelling up through the entire cafeteria!!!
Touko: "............aai."
She's whispering.
Is she irritated?
I cleared my ears.
Touko: "......zaaai......banzaaai, banzaaai, banzaaai, banzaaai."
She's mechanically repeating my words with a soft smile!!?
This is bad!
Sakuraba: "There's one thing that bugged me. Something serious."
Sakuraba raised his hand.
The silent pheasant remains unshot.
Sakuraba: "Is this a sumata? Or is it real---"
Sakuraba abruptly broke down in the middle of his line.
He isn't getting up.
As if his switch had been turned off.
It looked like his face had been hit by Touko's hand.
But there was no movement near him.
Her hand just hit him...
Taichi: "With qi!?"
Touko: "Banzaaai, banzaaai, banzaaai, banzaaai......"
Taichi: "Ha, hawawawa!"
*ting*
She's summoned the Harakiri Blade-----!?
Masamune: 『At the moment Touko's rage attains its zenith, the Demon Harakiri Blade can leap a distance of 4.35 lightyears through spacetime in a mere 0.05 seconds!』
Taichi: "Who the hell are you!!?"
Wasn't humanity annihilated!?
Touko: "......banzaaai, banzaaai."
Taichi: "H-have mercy!!"
I prostrated myself and uttered the words of submission frequently used by heroines in the later works of Kajiwara ***teru.
But,
Taichi: "You'd just gotten bright and cheerful again, but now you're back to being stormy in an instant!?"
Masamune: 『If unsheathed, a storm shall be called. That is the nature of the Demon Harakiri Blade.』
Taichi: "I said, who the hell are you!?"
You tasteless auditory hallucination!
Touko: "Kurosu Taichi......"
Taichi: "But! Touko, didn't you burn all of my erotic books!? I need something to replace them, dattebayo!!"
Touko: "I'll make it two."
Make it two?
But I only have the one!
Taichi: "If it's come down to this......I won't stay quiet! Defensive stance!"
Though if there's a country upholding similar standards of conduct, I can only be satisfied with a single warning shot against a suspicious ship in territorial waters! 
Gave it a try. -Shiki
Out of the Taichi Bag I brought along with the camera, I pulled out my dagger......
Huh? It's gone?
Did I leave it at hooooome!!?
In place of that, I took out a TV remote and held it out towards Touko.
Taichi: "Move and I'll irradiate you with this feeble infrared light!"
......what'll that do!?
Touko: "......"
Enemy: Attack stance.
Taichi: "Hiin!!"
I threw the remote away and held my head.
But......I wasn't sliced.
I opened my eyes.
Touko lowered her blade.
The video camera slowly fell down in two.
It'd been bisected.
Taichi: "Hanyaan! My high-tech peeping equipment-!!!"
Touko: "......the evil has been destroyed."
Taichi: "That's-!!"
A blade at my neck.
Touko: "......it's better than dying, right?"
Taichi: "It is as you say."
Touko made me carry all our belongings on the way home.
Taichi: "......uuuaaa."
Touko: "Fight! Taichi♪"
Taichi: "Yeah."
I had no right to oppose her.
This stuff was light.
But the hills made it painful.
Touko: "♪♪"
Well, isn't she enjoying this...
But, it's a good thing that she didn't get any angrier.
Touko: "Hey, Taichi?"
Taichi: "Yeah?"
Touko: "Will we really go to the beach?"
Aaah.
She's looking forward to that.
People become happy when they can look forward to something.
Even though everyone dies alone.
The fact that they're all solitary.
They have the power to forget that and have fun.
Taichi: "......we'll go."
Touko: "Yeah!"
Taichi: "Would you prefer to go as a pair, or as a crowd?"
Touko: "Eh? A crowd?"
Taichi: "I mean, we could invite everyone who wants to go as well."
Touko: "......I wonder if anyone would want to."
Taichi: "Good question."
Sakuraba's fine.
Not sure about Tomoki. He might be busy with the Life Club.
Misato-sempai has her own club...
Miki might be okay.
Kiri's harsh, but if Miki comes she'll likely follow.
Youko-chan is...out of the question.
Taichi: "I think some would come."
Touko: "Taichi......which would you like?"
Touko: "Going with everyone, or just the two of us?"
I glanced at her face.
Is she not yet used to being in love?
Is she just innocent?
I honestly like this side of her.
Taichi: "......"
Now that I think about it, I might actually love Touko.
Taichi: "Haha!"
Touko: "?"
Taichi: "Then let's go with everyone tomorrow, and next Friday just you and me will go."
Her expression sparkled.
Touko: "You're right, that'd be nice."
Touko: "We'll have to bring a bentou."
Taichi: "......and I'll be making it?"
Touko: "I'll help."
Taichi: "Hmmm, the Harakiri Blade is too long for our kitchen."
Touko: "I won't bring a sword in there!"
But you'll summon it......
Touko: "Nnn, but can we gather everyone together?"
Taichi: "There's nothing to do at night anymore."
Taichi: "Besides, I'm nocturnal. The night's better."
Touko: "You mean you watch midnight variety shows?"
Taichi: "......that's not quite what I meant."
Taichi: "Well, just leave it to me."
Touko: "......"
Touko: "Hey, can I carry half of that?"
Oh? Oh?
Taichi: "It's okay. This is nothing."
Touko: "Then, I'll help you this way."
She wrapped her arms around mine.
Taichi: "Whoa..."
Touko: "Huhuhu."
How's that helping me at all......?
Ah, whatever.
Touko: "♪♪"
As I looked at her happy face, the evening sun was far too red. It made me swell up with mischief.
......I started wanting to break this apart.
These, our last days in this hopeless world.
I closed my eyes tightly.
The evening sun was bad.
Its color reminds me of the world's destruction.
A long time ago, I used to wonder whether the world was being destroyed once every day.
Taichi: "......ah."
On top of the hill.
There she was.
The bicycle girl.
Nanaka: "........................"
She extended her arm horizontally.
Her fingers were pointing somewhere.
I looked.
The mountain?
No, the mountain path......that leads to our campsite.
I returned my gaze, but she was no longer there.
Taichi: "............oya?"
Touko: "Next week, let's cut our hair."
Touko: "It'll feel refreshing to cut it short. We'll be able to live laughing."
Touko: "We'll live like American farmers. And for dessert we'll eat maize."
Taichi: "That's right."
It seems Touko couldn't see her.
Even though she was right in front of us.
A little mysterious.
Taichi: "......so, why maize?"
Touko: "When you're at a formal dinner, how do you eat?"
Taichi: "Eh? With a knife and fork, I guess."
Touko: "Yeah."
Taichi: "That seems hard to cut with a knife......"
Touko: "But if it was for dessert?"
Taichi: "Hmmm......"
Touko chuckled.
Touko: "Then it's okay to eat with your hands."
Taichi: "......is that how it works?"
Touko: "What do you think we do with bananas?"
Taichi: "Peel by hand."
Touko: "Okay, you fail."
Taichi: "You cut them with a knife?"
Touko: "Yes."
Taichi: "......whoa, I do not understand etiquette."
Touko: "If we live together like that, people will gather here soon."
Touko: "Because everyone's going to come back."
Let's hold that hope.
Taichi: "Or perhaps, we could make them."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "......"
I started wanting to kiss her.
I grabbed her jaw delicately.
Touko: "......lecher."
*chomp!*
Taichi: "Owwwww!! Don't bite my finger!"
For dinner we ate our fill of canned food.
Taichi: "Now then, why don't we go to bed?"
Touko: "Woof."
Taichi: "Nnn, for an ojou-sama, Touko, you're weak at chess."
I stretched.
Touko: "......woof."
10 Wins, 0 Losses.
When we came back from the beach, Touko had withered for some reason, so I challenged her to a game in order to take her mind off of whatever it was.
Taichi: "Do you need a snack?"
Touko: "Woof."
She shook her head.
Taichi: "Then let's sleep."
Taichi: "Come here now."
I called softly to her, and her face turned red.
Touko: "......wooof."
She got up on the bed.
I hugged her.
Taichi: "Nnn."
I repeatedly kissed her neck.
Touko: "......wofu!......nn!......woof!"
Taichi: "By the way..."
Touko: "......woof?"
Taichi: "Why are you saying 'woof?'"
Touko: "Didn't you demand that I'd talk like a dog as punishment for losing in chess?!"
Taichi: "Aaah, did I do that?"
I'd forgotten.
Taichi: "Then keep talking like a dog."
Touko: "......umm......before that, I have just one question......how long do I have to keep it up?"
Taichi: "Until Touko wins a chess game......"
Touko: "Then I'd die a dog!"
She covered her face.
Taichi: "Then, I'll spend the next hour doing perverted things, and if Touko doesn't cum once, I'll forgive her."
Touko: "......"
Touko: "Pervert."
Touko: "Pervert. Pervert."
Taichi: "Uhi."
Touko: "Pervert. Pervert. Pervert!"
Taichi: "That's correct, Ojou-sama."
Touko: "......one hour?"
Taichi: "Yes."
I propped up my jaw with one hand and examined her.
When having sex, we usually touch each other softly for around an hour.
There's no need to rush these things, and there's no lack of time, so it's only natural.
That was all Touko needed to know to make her decision.
Touko: "Okay then."
Touko: "I think that'll be easy."
Those words that can't be said.
She'd lit a fire.
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "Now, in this house the guests sleep on the floor."
Touko: "......uuuu, I can't sleep on the hard floor......cheapskate."
Taichi: "When a girl lies down, I'll have to keep doing perverted things to them all night."
Touko: "You have to......?"
Taichi: "If you can't sleep, just use one of the beds in the other rooms."
Touko: "......uuu."
She was worrying.
Her eyes felt pained.
My heart was also feeling pain.
Taichi: "Do you...have a complaint?"
Touko: "It's okay......I'll sleep here."
Damn, she's cute.
She doesn't want to sleep away from me.
But I can't fall for it.
Touko's getting more and more hopeless. As if she's melting away.
Just like a piece of candy.
That's why I'll take my time and lick her very slowly.
......so she doesn't disappear.
Touko: "......Taichi, you're pretty strict."
Quite so.
Taichi: "Good night."
Touko: "The floor's hard......it hurts......*sneeze*"
She lay down inside a futon on the floor.
I lay down too.
I got the sense that the atmosphere had quieted down in an instant.
The starlight through the windows became innumerable columns, forming a comb.
It was like another world.
Touko: "Hey......Taichi......"
She spoke behind me.
Taichi: "Nn?"
Touko: "Do you think we can be together forever......?"
Taichi: "Even if I said no, you'd cling to me anyway."
Touko: "......huhu, then maybe it's fine."
Taichi: "Why are you asking that?"
Touko: "But, people have disappeared. Someday, won't we......?"
Taichi: "......"
Touko: "If we're going to disappear, I'd at least like it to be......together......"
Touko fell asleep.
Together...huh...
I hadn't thought about it too deeply.
About the fact that humanity was gone.
Why did they disappear?
In what way did they disappear?
There was nothing to base an explanation on.
Even Youko-chan isn't coming to say anything. She mustn't know anything about it herself.
Even if she was here, we wouldn't be able to theorize the cause.
I looked out the window, at the night sky.
That's why there's nothing for us eight to do but to keep living on.
While hurting and loving one another.
The roof.
I came, I saw, I was surprised.
Taichi: "......it looks......"
Touko: "Finished......"
The antenna.
The wiring.
Even a tent and a live broadcasting seat had been prepared.
Taichi: "Sempai did this all by herself?"
But Sempai wasn't there.
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Touko, while you were indulging in sex, Sempai was continuing a healthy and forward-looking club."
Touko: "Wh-why am I the only bad guy......"
Taichi: "Hmmm, still, this really is a surprise."
Touko: "......Miyasumi-sempai...I wonder if she's here."
Taichi: "I can't see her."
Maybe she's taking a break since it's Saturday?
But wasn't the pilot broadcast for the Gunjou community FM channel planned for tomorrow?
Then,
Touko signaled toward something far away with her hand.
Taichi: "What?"
We approached it.
Touko: "Here she is."
Taichi: "Ah......"
Misato: "......suyaaa."
She's sleeping.
Taichi: "She's been doing this all by herself."
Because of that, Sempai seemed a little worse for wear.
Her glasses were crooked.
Her uniform was coming apart.
Taichi: "......"
I moved my nose closer and confirmed the smell.
Taichi: "There's a slightly bittersweet, sweaty smell fr---"
Touko: "Stop that."
She sounded serious.
Taichi: "Oouu."
I felt like I was about to have a concussion.
Touko: "You musn't take such interest in the many smells of a girl."
The phrase 'many smells of a girl' is unacceptable to begin with.
Taichi: "Question."
I raised my hand.
Touko: "Yes, Taichi."
Taichi: "Touko, you've never farted in front of me, so where do you do it? And how conscious are you of this evasion?"
Touko: "Whatever do you mean?"
She said it.
Taichi: "......you've gotten stronger."
Touko: "What a weird thing to say."
Oooh, Touko's letting sexual harassment flow over her......
I'm moved.
Taichi: "Huhuhu."
Touko: "Huhuhu."
We laughed invincibly like a pair of rivals.
Misato: "......nyamu......"
Taichi: "Ah, she's awake."
So a weird confrontation in the sky above can wake her up.
Taichi: "Hello, Sempai. I'm Taichi."
Misato: "......aaeh......Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "It's me, your one and only Taichi."
I didn't worry about Touko's amazingly angry stare.
Taichi: "If you tell me to suck something, I shall suck it. Now, go ahead and order me to suck."
Touko: "Taaaiiiichiii!"
Taichi: "Uoooo."
The iron claw on the back of my head really hurts.
But I can endure!
Misato: "Umm......why are you here?"
Taichi: "......yes, we came to see Sempai's beautiful sleeping face."
Touko: "Remember this."
Touko whispered behind me.
Taichi: "But that's just a joke, we came to see how things were going."
Misato: "How things were going..."
Taichi: "It looks like most of it's ready."
Misato: "Y-yeah."
Touko: "......umm, Miyasumi-sempai, did you do this by yourself?"
Misato: "Yes......because..."
Sempai swallowed the rest of those words.
For a while, indecision itself was stuck to her cheeks.
Which is why I knew how she wanted to say it.
Misato: "Because, it's my job."
Taichi: "Your job. That means it's also my job."
I took her hand.
And kissed the back of it.
Misato: "Umm......"
Touko: "............"
Ha!?
Taichi: "Hey, we don't want the Harakiri Blade here!"
There's a storm!?
Misato: "Kya! What happened all of a sudden?"
Taichi: "It's because of......that blade's several hundred year history of sucking people's blood, which built up a calamitous deep-seated grudge!"
Touko: "......abtor, damral, omnis, nomnis."
Sh-she's chanting some kind of unlucky spell, she is!!
Taichi: "Stooop!! Stooop!!"
Touko: "Destroy alongside me......"
Taichi: "No more double suicides!!!"
Taichi: "Okay, okay, calm down. Aren't we too close for that?"
Touko: "......that's true......"
So she did understand.
Touko: "We're close enough for you to think you can go woo another woman without worrying about me......"
Taichi: "Howawa!"
Touko: "It's okay. Be at ease."
She smiled.
Touko: "This blade cuts very well, so it should cut away all your worldly desires."
Taichi: "Th-that's only possible in a Kikuchi ****yuki novel!"
Touko: "......flirtatious......deceptive......stallion... erotic beast......pervert......seducer......lecherous... nymphomanic......"
Taichi: "Ah, aaaaah."
All of these erotic sins are mine!
Misato: "Glasses, my glasses......"
While I was being hit by a dazzling crisis of life and death, Sempai was focusing on her glasses.
Uwaaa, videotape the whole thing!
But I'll die!
My desire to tape and my life preservation instincts fought one another.
......I wanna tape it!
My taping desire won.
But what do I do with that?
Taichi: "Ku! I can't die here!"
I held Touko's shoulders.
A desperate measure. No, a lustful measure.
Taichi: "Touko, I-I-I-I-I love-"
Touko: "Eh!?"
*kiss*
Touko: "Nnn! Nn! Nnmu!......nn!......afu!......ann...... ......nn......nnnnn......yan, no tongue......aauun...... uu! *lick*......yau, no biting......noooo......"
A super deep kiss.
More like mouth sex.
Misato: "Hawahawa. Glasses, my glasses."
Tape iiit!
But now I must focus on my tongue.
Touko: "Amu!......nn!......nnnnn, nnu......! ......aau, ah, yamun......I said, no, tongue......nn......*kiss* ......*lick!*......"
Misato: "Hawahawahawa. I can't see. I can't see."
Kissing and glasses.
Touko: "Nnu......*kiss*......aamun, nn! Nnn......Taihiii ......aan, your, saliva......aan, okay, I'll drink it, so don't tickle......nn! Nn! Nn! *gulp* nnku, nnnnnnn...... fua, I can't drink it all......aan......"
Misato: "Hin! I can't find them..."
Continuation: kissing and glasses.
Touko: "Erun, nn! *kiss* *kiss!*......stop, I'll, also ......Taichi, your tongue......nn, *kiss* *kiss*...... nnnnnnn......"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Misato: "Ah!......no, these are fake party glasses...... not these, where are they......"
Continuation of continuation: kissing and glasses.
Touko: "Aan! No fingers......heeey......ah! Fuan, nna ......nn! I get it, I'll suck them......aamu......nn! *kiss* *kiss* nn! Nn! Nn!"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Misato: "Muu. What are these? Ah, the night vision goggles I use in the evenings......"
THAT'S who she reminds me of. That inventor girl from "Crono Trigger". Another game with a prophetically-named protagonist who lends his name to the game title.
Again and again: kissing and glasses.
Touko: "......ya......nnn, nnmu!......nna......*kiss* *kiss!*...... fuan! Don't suck so...so haaaard......nn! Nnmumu!"
Touko: "Nnn! Nnn! Nn......nnuuuuu! Nn!............ nnnnnnnnnn------!!!!!"
*plop*
Did she cum?
Touko fell limp in my arms.
Misato: "Ah, here they are!"
Misato: "And, equip."
*ching*
The revival of Mimimi-sempai.
Misato: "......Kirihara-san, what's wrong?"
Taichi: "She seems to have a cold."
Misato: "Her face...it's red. And she's sweating."
Misato: "This is bad, her body is shaking!"
Taichi: "Aaah, this is act......uuohon......it's action-reaction."
Misato: "......action-reaction?"
Misato: "Is that a serious illness?"
Taichi: "It's nothing to worry about."
Taichi: "Weeell, it'd be nice if we could find some dark matter."
Misato: "......?"
Misato: "Shouldn't you have Hasekura-san look into that?"
Taichi: "You're right. I'll bring her home with me."
I picked her up on my back.
Touko: "......nn!......Tai...chi......"
I can't stand the hot breath against my ears.
Returning home would be the end......I predicted a non-stop fever.
Before I went downstairs, I turned around.
Sempai was still standing right there.
Taichi: "Uh, ummm?"
Misato: "Y-yes?"
Taichi: "......is it okay if I participate in the club tomorrow?"
Sempai's eyes magnified slightly.
Taichi: "I'll bring this with me."
I pointed to Touko with my jaw.
Misato: "Ah......yes, feel free......"
Taichi: "Then we'll be there."
I passed the threshold.
Misato: "Ah! Umm..."
She called me back.
Taichi: "Uui?"
She seemed to return to her senses when I said that, and her face turned desperate.
Misato: "F-feel free!......"
Misato: "Feel free!"
She said it again.
In a loud voice.
And I answered her.
Taichi: "Roger!"
I prepared the rice cooker in the garden.
I wanted to eat rice.
I couldn't use the electric one, so I cooked it in a mess tin.
This is the best way to cook delicious meals:
1) Believe in yourself.
2) Weigh the rice.
3) Each and every grain of rice contains a precious life.
4) With those innumerable lives, people can keep living.
5) But every life will eventually return to the Earth.
6) The Earth is life, just as life is the Earth.
7) In order to someday bring about new life---
8) Long sci-fi novel 『Gaia's Journey』 - Fin
9) Polish the rice, and wash it for twenty minutes.
10) The summertime makes me want to eat some incredibly spicy curry.
11) Cook.
12) Stare long and hard at the fire, letting dangerous thoughts soak into your body or remembering comrades-in-arms who gave their lives to protect you (two choices).
13) Once cooked, steam them upside-down for ten minutes.
14) Super-delicious rice is born.
Taichi: "Done."
Touko: "......Taichi, thank goodness......so that's where you've been."
Touko came over to me.
Her face seemed uneasy.
The corners of her eyes were red for some reason.
Taichi: "Yo, so you were awake."
Touko: "............nn."
She nodded meekly.
She came closer, and wrapped her arms around my neck from behind.
*squeeze*
Touko: "......hey?"
She whispered in my ear.
I turned my head and kissed her.
Right away, I pulled her tongue closer......
Touko: "Wa-!......stop!"
She pulled her lips away.
Touko: "......at times like these, it's fine to just peck!"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Touko: "Now do it again. A French kiss."
Taichi: "French kiss?"
Touko: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Then,"
*kiss!*
Full power from the start.
Touko: "--!?"
*lick* *lick* *kiss* *lick* *lick* *liiiiiick---!*
Okay, this is the first time this happens (I think), but we need to decide on how to handle multiple onomatopoeia right after another.
We're currently using both '*lick* *lick*' and '*lick**lick*', but it's probably best to decide on a single one.
'*lick*lick*' is also a possiblity (as seen with Umineko's '*cackle*cackle*cackle*').
A threesome between lips and tongue.
Then I pulled my tongue out.
Touko: "............"
I was sexually excited.
Taichi: "......wanna do it?"
Touko: "I-I'm not tat energetic!"
Her slight slurring was suspicious.
Touko: "......and I just changed my underwear......"
Uwa, that made you wet?
Touko: "Even though I said......French......"
Taichi: "But that is a French kiss."
Touko: "Eh......it is?"
Taichi: "That's right. Tongues twisting around each other, devouring voraciously and crawling obscenely as if their mouths were genitalia. That's a French kiss."
*He's exaggerating.
Taichi: "That's why French toast and the like are such vulgar foods."
Touko: "No, I ate a lot of that......"
She's ashamed.
Touko: "With caviar on it..."
Taichi: "Forget about the caviar."
Touko: "......what would you call a...'light' kiss?"
Taichi: "Nnn, a 'soft kiss,' maybe?"
Touko: "Then, do that."
Taichi: "Nn, okay."
I touched my lips against hers.
Without overdoing it.
Touko: "......nn."
The atmosphere became bittersweet.
Because men connect this mood directly to lust, it's important to know when to quit.
Touko: "That smells good."
Taichi: "Are you hungry?"
Touko: "............yeah."
She was just a little embarrassed.
I felt any amount of shame was okay.
Taichi: "Then let's eat."
Touko: "This rice is amazing."
Taichi: "At the very least it's better than the electric cooker......maybe."
The latest electric cookers are amazing though.
Taichi: "The side dishes are instant curry and canned food."
Touko: "Yeah, that's okay."
We ate together.
Touko: "Ah, hot......owowow."
Taichi: "You've got a cat's tongue."
Touko: "My tongue is weak......"
Taichi: "It sure is."
In a lot of ways.
Touko blushed quickly.
Strangely, she had no spoken response.
Taichi: "As long as you have that weak point, kissing will keep ruining your underwear."
Touko: "Uu, uu, uuuu."
She resented that while holding her spoon in her mouth.
Touko: "......I've...failed!"
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Touko: "......but it's delicious."
Taichi: "Selfish instant curry."
Touko: "I've been saying......it's delicious to eat with the person you love. It doesn't matter what."
Taichi: "Really?"
Touko: "It'd be nice if we could stay like this."
Taichi: "......"
The night silently reached its peak.
Truly, without any sign of another human being.
What happened?
I can't understand.
Just...
I was being trifled with by emotions I couldn't analyze.
*****: "********!?"
****: "****......"
****: "**************"
****: "************......"
Countless static.
I couldn't make it out.
I moved.
I just didn't feel like it.
I felt like I should move away from the static.
I touched a fence.
I pushed, and the mesh wall was slowly eliminated.
Sky.
'I'll go to the sky,' I thought.
****: "************!!!"
At once, a huge burst of static energy reached my back.
The world was enveloped in scarlet.
Color.
I could see the color called scarlet.
Wind in my ears.
I was flying, cutting through the wind.
Taichi: "......haha."
I'm not flying. I'm falling.
And this isn't a story.
This is falling for real.
Special move of the innocent teenager: Life Dive Appeal.
Though I'm not exactly trying to appeal to anyone......
Honestly,
Why did it all come to this?
I want to do it over. Really.
Really.
Am I about to crash yet?
Dammit, if someone was beside me...
『My life is flashing before my eyes.』
While spouting that sort of appropriate and cool young-adult speech, I slowly closed my eyes, displaying my manliness in order to appeal to the other side of the screen, and it wor
Taichi: "Fuwaa......"
Waking up.
Touko: "Kuu...kuu..."
Touko was sleeping next to me.
Lightly breathing.
She seemed to be sleeping soundly.
Taichi: "Nuu."
She'd crawled in here in the middle of the night.
A woman with deep sins.
I needed to sexually harass her as I'd promised.
I had morning wood anyway, so that quasi-sexual desire was making my hips ache.
Taichi: "............"
I did this.
Taichi: "......nn......"
I don't think she'll bite.
I tried moving back and forth.
Touko: "Nn......nnfu......"
I didn't feel that good.
Since there's no direct stimulus.
But it was incredibly exciting.
My biological phenomenon changed into lust itself.
I touched her short tongue with the tip.
Touko: "Nn...*kiss*......nn, *kiss*......"
She sucked on it.
A happy miscalculation.
When I slowly moved in and out, she sucked as if to keep it from escaping.
Is this one of Touko's infantile instincts?
She sucked strongly, the way one would suck their thumb.
I've heard breast-feeding babies can suck surprisingly hard.
That was how it felt.
Touko: "Nnn, nnmu, nn, nn!......uuun."
When I tried to pull out, she sucked harder.
When I pushed in, it slid inside easily.
Her saliva had begun to leak onto the pillow.
Touko: "Nnn, nnn......nnnnn......nnn......"
This feels pretty good.
Partly because this excited me, it felt like I'd cum really quickly.
Taichi: "There you go, there you go."
Touko: "Nnpu......nn, nnmu......nnn, nnn, nnuuu."
Her tongue reminded me of the clapper inside a bell.
She was trying quite forcefully to make me penetrate her.
Taichi: "Uu."
Strong.
But that's good.
I pulled back my hips.
Slowly, to avoid waking her.
Touko: "Nnnnn, nnnnnnn..."
Touko disliked that.
I entered.
Touko: "Nn, nnfu! Nnn, nnnnnnnnn..."
Touko was content.
I tried pushing against her cheeks.
The sudden interruption of pressure made Touko's eyebrows narrow.
When I tried to go in a perpendicular direction, her mouth moved against me.
I rubbed against the rough part on her upper jaw.
That was a good sensation.
Touko: "Nnn! Nnfu! Nn! Nn!......nnn......nnnn?"
She was puzzled.
I touched the bottom of the tongue she held up.
Touko: "Nnpu!"
She disliked that.
She must be uneasy if I'm not on top.
I returned to that position.
Touko: "Nnnnn, nnn, nnu, uu! Nnn, nn, *kiss* *lick*... nnnnnn..."
Multiple onomatopoeia
Touko: "*kiss* *kiss* *lick!* Nnn, nnfu!......*kiss*...... aamu......nn!......"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Touko: "Nn, nnn, *lick* umun......fuaa......nnmu......nn, *kiss*......"
Touko obeyed her instincts and continued sucking.
Taichi: "......nn."
Again her tongue tried to poke into me.
The sensation of being pried open made the core of my hips ache.
......she's really good when she's asleep......
Touko: "Aamu......*kiss!* *kiss* *kiss*......*lick!*......"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Taichi: "Aaah."
I moaned.
My lower abdomen was faintly warm.
Perhaps I should say it was permeating my organs.
I was happy.
Touko: "Nnn, nnu, nn! Nn! Nnmu......hamu......*lick* *lick*......fua."
Multiple onomatopoeia
She spat it out once, then moved the tip in and out between narrowed lips.
A movement used to taste stick candies.
Though this shouldn't have a flavor.
Touko: "*lick* *lick*......nnmunnmu......nnnnn......"
onomatopoeia
She swallowed again.
Covering its entirety, and numbing it.
Touko: "Nnn, nnn, nnnnn, *kiss!*......ku!......fun...... nn......"
Taichi: "Uuu..."
Touko: "Fua, aaun, nn! Nnnnn, nnnnnnnnnnn......*lick!*"
I could tell I was gradually becoming more sensitive.
Like this, in her mouth......
I used my hips.
I matched my rhythm with her sucking to produce the greatest stimuli.
The part of her mouth I was entering and leaving became coated in saliva.
Touko: "Nnnnn, nnnn, mua, nn! *kiss*......*kiss* *kiss* *lick*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Sometimes she bit sweetly.
Even that sharp pain was beautiful to me.
Within those minute caresses, the sensations of her teeth, tongue and lips mixed together into chaos.
Taichi: "......Touko."
Somehow I need to save these naturally accelerating hips.
Touko: "Nn, nnmu! Fuuu......nnn......nnn......*kiss* *kiss*......*lick* nnmu......nnnnnnn, nnnnnnnnnnn!......"
Multiple onomatopoeia
In hindsight, the first time I noticed this was in a later script. This seems to be an H-scene, and I don't QC those.
Her suction increased.
As if she was getting impatient with a mother's breast that wasn't producing.
She earnestly licked up the little bit of fluid that came out of my tip.
Touko: "Nn, ru! *lick* *kiss* *kiss*......"
Multiple onomatopoeia
As before, her tongue tried to pry inside my urethra to get at more of it.
Taichi: "Waooo."
This feels remarkably good.
So much that my hips might give out.
Touko: "Nnnnnnnuu!"
Touko seemed unsatisfied when the fake nipple ran away.
I gently inserted it in deeply.
Touko: "Aau, nnmu, mun......*kiss* *kiss*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
She was getting used to these back-and-forth motions.
Touko seemed to be matching a vacuum cleaner's cycles.
If I pull back, she sucks it down, but if I push in she uses her tongue.
Truly hibernation study. Instincts banzai!
I'd already passed seven eighths of my limit.
It's almost time.
Taichi: "It's almost time for your milk."
I whispered, and as if she understood, Touko's cheeks loosened.
Taichi: "Suck even stronger now."
Touko: "Fuu......nn, *kiss* *kiiiisssss!*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Uwa, intense.
Touko: "*kiss* *kiss* *kiiiiisssss*......*lick!*......nn! *kiiiisss!*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
Aaah, I could cum anytime now.
I made a mild piston motion.
Touko: "*kiss* *kiss*......nnnnn! *kiss*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
The inside of my urethra felt like a vacuum.
Touko: "Nn, nnn......nnmu!......nnn!"
Touko: "*kiss* nnnnnnnnn! Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!"
I was being pushed into her mouth, being caressed by her, and being made to penetrate her.
Touko: "Nn! Nnfu!......*lick!*"
At the same time her tongue pulled back, I released.
Touko: "......nnnnnnn! Nnnnnnnnnnnnnn!"
With no hesitation, her throat began oscillating.
That high-viscosity fluid, which should be hard to drink, was guided down her esophagus along with her saliva.
Touko: "*kiss* *kiss* *kiss!*"
Multiple onomatopoeia
She was trying to take out all of it, even what was left in my urethra.
I went dizzy from the pleasure.
My hips narrowed slightly.
Touko: "Nn!......nnn!"
My tip touched her throat.
Down there where Touko's tongue wouldn't reach, her sphincter squeezed down on me.
My remaining semen gushed out vigorously.
Touko: "......nnbu!......nn! Nn! Nn!......"
As it had wished for that, her snow-white throat moved.
Taichi: "......haa."
That was great.
I pulled out.
My rod had gotten sticky from the mixed fluids, so I wiped it off with a tissue.
......
............
........................
......she's really good when she's asleep......
Touko: "............nnn."
Touko dimly opened her eyes.
I pulled my pants back up like a flash of lightning.
Touko: "......Taichi......where are you?"
Taichi: "In front of you."
Touko: "Nnn?"
I stood by the side of the bed and changed the angle of my neck as I looked at her.
Touko: "......good morning, Taichi."
Taichi: "Yeah."
Okay, she doesn't know.
Touko: "Nn......Taichiii."
She stood up.
She hugged me.
Taichi: "!?"
Touko: "......Taaaichi♪"
Her kiss closed in.
Taichi: "＆％＃＆％＃％!!?"
Touko: "......eh?"
A dubious face.
Not good.
One step before displeasure.
Touko: "Why'd you dodge meeee?"
Touko: "It's just a morning kiss."
She closed in again.
Taichi: "Yeah, a morning kiss......okay, okay, please wait a bit."
I threw back my head to run away.
Since she was holding my neck I couldn't actually run.
Touko: "Heeey, don't flee."
I kissed Touko's forehead.
Taichi: "Now, let's get changed."
Touko: "That's not enough. Do it right."
Ku!......
Taichi: "Right?"
Touko: "A kiss on the mouth. That's what you do in the mornings."
Taichi: "Aaah, the mouth......the mouth, the mouth......"
The mouth I ejaculated in.
Taichi: "Okay, I'll do it. Close your eyes."
Touko: "......nn, okay."
Touko's upward face was a chestnut brown flower full of dreams and happiness.
I touched my lips to her nose.
Taichi: "Kiss."
Touko: "......Taichi, that's my nose."
Taichi: "I'm sooorrry. I can't quite tell where your mouth is."
Touko: "What are you saying?"
Taichi: "Is it here?"
Her cheek.
Touko: "Taaaiiichiii, cut it out already......"
Taichi: "Okay, it's right here, see?"
The corner of her lips. The limit line.
Touko: "............nnn."
Consequently, an unsatisfied face.
Touko: "I get it, you want to brush your teeth first. You're trying to be sensitive."
Taichi: "Thaaat's riiiight, Miss Touko. It's a bad habit I got from being born in France, hahahaha."
Touko: "It's okay. Let's go brush together."
Taichi: "Yes, let's brush our teeth until they're extra-sharp!"
Touko: "Dropped your guard!"
*kiss*
Taichi: "........................!!"
Tongue to tongue in an instant!?
Uwaaaaaaaa!!
But I couldn't even scream.
Touko: "Nn! Taichiii......I love you......nn! Nnmu! *lick!*......"
Uooooooo!!!
Touko: "*lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*..."
Multiple onomatopoeia
Whisking.
Taichi: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
Touko: "Nnnnnnnn, nn! Nn! Nn!"
As I shook my head left and right, she bit deeply into our lips.
Taichi: "Nnbubu!!?"
Karmic retribution.
Those two words rushed around my brain.
And at the end,
Taichi: "......nn, *lick*......"
Her saliva flowed into my mouth.
Taichi: "........................ooa."
I passed out.
Touko: "H-huh? Taichi? Hey, Taichi, hey!?"
Touko: "......but I'm surprised......to think Taichi would faint from my kiss..."
Taichi: "Is that what happened......?"
Touko: "Huhuhu."
Touko was in an abnormally good mood.
Touko: "Maybe Taichi's just sensitive?"
Taichi: "Ku!......"
Humiliation.
Touko: "You were pretty masochistic."
Taichi: "......shut up you fellatio machine."
Touko: "Eh? What's that?"
Taichi: "It's nothing!"
When I returned,
Touko: "Taichiii......!!"
She challenged me at the front door.
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Touko: "......nn, haan♪"
She removed my clothes impatiently and kissed me, then we connected.
After three rounds, Touko lost consciousness.
She didn't wake up until later that night.
My oldest memory.
Within far-off mists where even the date was vague.
A luxurious private room embodying the dignity of nobles.
Therein was a canopied bed and a European chair. 
But I preferred to sit on the floor.
Especially on these days.
I could see the curtain of a black starry night through my window.
My eyes were drawn to the scattered twinkles cut off by the window frame.
I saw my reflection in the glass separating the outside world from the room's interior.
A privileged young noblewoman---
A graceful girl covered in a Western dress.
Who on Earth are you?
Girl: "......Taichi."
Silver hair......with a transparent, ambiguous outline.
It hung down long, covering my hips. Its tips rippled loosely.
Her face was small. Just like a doll's.
『Those features aren't of this world.』
Who was it that said that?
Was it the missus? Or one of her older sisters?
Her sweet voice was charming to my ears.
The memories from before my tenth year are muddled in places, as if I was dreaming.
『Come over here now, let's play.』
I never disobeyed.
A girl's clothes, a girl's mannerisms, a girl's speech.
When those who worked at the mansion (or their refined owners) played with dolls, I couldn't tell if it was high-brow or childish, but despite being boring, it wasn't unpleasant.
I thought that was close to the reason,
Why the image of me reflected in the window is that of a girl.
Yes, there is just one thing I remember clearly.
Within the crowd of tenderly aged girls, there was one who didn't smile.
She was the only one who didn't play with me.
The girl's appearance 『I』 had for fulfilling the role of her tea-drinking partner was always adorned without reserve.
She, who strolled alone in the huge garden, always sent her gaze my way in a scornful manner.
With clear, black eyes like obsidian.
I trembled.
When her eyes faced me, my heart was always in a panic.
Delight? Or shame?
Perhaps both.
For me, who had little experience of being upset by something, emotions that raged out of control were a rare thing.
Even so, in public I calmly presented my smile before the ladies.
I needed to bear my duty in mind.
My duty......to fulfill the role of a doll.
In order to live.
During that doll period, I never conversed with her.
Not even once.
The image of that girl standing aloof in an estranged place left a strong impression on me.
I found out later.
She was also a doll bought up with money.
The air swirled and chilled.
The open air of a cold hallway.
I turned around to see the side of a door that had opened without a sound.
She had been standing there.
Oh august you---
But, what was this?
The girl standing before me had been lightly tarnished.
No.
She'd been defiled. By nefarious means.
Torn clothing. Abrasions running across her white skin.
A line of blackish blood at the corner of her lips.
*stagger*
My field of vision rippled.
The doll period was humorous, but fortunate.
She and I hadn't lived together.
My memory is in disorder.
Yes......in other words......her being here means......
The boisterous missus and noblewomen. Rather young servants.
Sweet days, like sugar snacks, passed through my memory in fast forward.
All of the scenes were losing their color, decaying to a dull gray.
The period when she opens the door and comes to the room.
That's not the doll period.
Farther ahead......
The period when we were both assigned to just one room.
The stage fell from heaven to hell.
At some point I realized the fixtures around us had gone, now only gray walls remained.
The bedstead was crude.
The sheets were a bit dirty.
The lighting was a bare bulb.
The floor was finely split wood.
The beautiful silk curtains fell to the rank of dustcloth.
Painful, heavy, contemptible, a premature bottleneck on life.
Those circumstances tied together two people who had never even heard the other speak.
Girl: "Taichi."
My name.
The missus and others took out one character from my manly name, replacing it with one that was girlishness itself, then called me by that new name.
Ichihime.
It was elegant.
But she never called me that.
Taichi: "Do you want something to drink?"
She didn't even react to my question, closing the distance between us instead.
And, as if it were perfectly natural, she pushed me down onto the bedstead.
Girl: "......"
So close that I could touch her.
Silence floated in the space between us.
I felt like my breath would stop at any moment.
A sweet smell.
It was neither perfume nor soap.
It was the smell of the girl's own body.
Beneath the beastly smell that made me ready to vomit, it stood up to deny everything.
Her lips, like soft flower petals, gently pushed out words.
Girl: "Is every day painful?"
I thought for a bit, and answered honestly.
Taichi: "Yes."
Girl: "Does it hurt?"
Taichi: "It hurts."
Girl: "Will no one help you?"
Taichi: "No. There aren't any more kind people here."
Girl: "You're wrong. There never were any."
She changed completely, her speech now cold.
But not with hatred or antagonism.
Just cold.
Taichi: "But the old masters were-"
Girl: "Those people were weak."
Taichi: "......"
Girl: "When space opened up in their narrow hearts, there would be times when they'd show kindness."
Girl: "But when they were troubled, they ran straight away."
Girl: "......leaving their precious toys behind."
She placed both hands on my shoulders.
And gripped, firmly.
Girl: "We have no allies. No one will help us. We have to protect ourselves, by ourselves."
Taichi: "......"
That's right.
It's sad, but...
It's the truth.
Weak children become prey.
There are unbelievably black desires in the world.
She and I knew that.
Since we didn't have power, we had to protect ourselves with intellect.
Because legally, 『they』 were our guardians.
But what if those guardians were our assailants?
We couldn't disobey.
A huge mansion with huge grounds.
Whatever happens, their conduct wouldn't leak to the outside.
We were---
Slaves.
Her white hands held my cheeks.
Her face approached.
My chest pounded a little.
But she caressed part of my cheek with a serious face.
Girl: "......did they burn you with a cigarette?"
Taichi: "A little bit."
Taichi: "But I rubbed cream there beforehand."
I have to protect myself with my own intellect.
Girl: "I apologize."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Girl: "For not helping you."
I was puzzled.
Taichi: "It's okay, neither could......"
The rest of those words didn't come out.
She, a girl, had met worse fates than I, a boy.
She embraced me.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Girl: "Taichi......Taichi."
Her voice was shaking.
That's rare. She's always calm.
Girl: "Taichi......"
Her lips pushed against my ear. Her breath blew into it unshaking.
An electric stimulus climbed my spine.
The area around my hips was extremely hot.
Taichi: "!!?"
That part was abruptly put under pressure.
A hand.
One hand was pushing it.
It was pushing down hard on my hardened part.
Unable to stay still, I twisted my body.
Girl: "Taichi, we are weak."
Sparkles in her black eyes.
They made me cower, so I couldn't respond.
Girl: "That's why we have to join hands."
Taichi: "Hands?"
Girl: "Become one mind and body."
Taichi: "One mind and body......"
Girl: "If we do that, even if it's painful, we'll be able to put up with it."
Girl: "I am Taichi, Taichi is me."
As her lips wove words, they silently descended.
Taichi: "Ah......"
Surprise, confusion and a hint of shame.
Those mixed together, making me forget to act.
Girl: "Tai......chi......"
Sweet slime flowed into my oral cavity.
It melted the frozen me.
She removed her lips, and took off her underwear.
I swallowed.
Her bare skin was the color of moonlight, denying evidence of guilt.
Her noble fragility.
Her four mysterious limbs were soaked in the crooked beams of silver light, like a living sculpture.
All of which had been insulted by innumerable fine wounds.
And yet,
I thought that they were beautiful.
Girl: "I am Taichi, Taichi is me."
The next words were carved bright and clear in my memory.
I glimpsed a waver in her eyes sparkling with brutality.
Girl: "I'm sorry......"
Girl: "I can't trust anyone other than myself."
Her slender fingers touched my chest.
It made a ticklish sensation that crawled around, baring the upper half of my body.
Taichi: "Youko......chan......"
Her name.
I finally pushed out the words.
Our caresses began.
The light pink flower petals meandered lightly across my chest.
Taichi: "Uu......"
With a sensation like that of being teased by feathers, my muscles shook sharply and uncontrollably.
After her lips passed, there remained a soft trail of clear slime.
Her head was going down.
Not long after, she slipped into my skirt.
Her fingers rolled my underwear down, and lowered it to my ankles.
Taichi: "......"
I had no words. I covered my eyes with one arm.
At a time like this, how should I react?
What sounds should I make?
I don't know.
But, I feel hot.
A kiss on my crotch.
Taichi: "!"
My body jumped like a young smelt.
The heat blew thoroughly into my left and right, and her mouth smeared saliva inside my crotch.
Youko: "Nn......"
Carefully, heavily.
Youko: "Ha!......hafu!......nnmu......"
Her lustful, muffled expiration filled the inside of my skirt with heat.
With that increase, my entire body held heat.
Taichi: "So hooo......"
Youko: "Nnn, fua......nnmu......!......"
My lower body was licked beyond reason, and lost strength.
I want to entrust my body to the pleasure.
Moving was troublesome.
Youko: "......nn!......nnfu!......mu!......"
Like the sound of a cat slurping water.
Numbness rippled up my body.
It went on so long that my mind drifted.
Finally the satisfaction washing over my lower body was cut off.
Taichi: "Ah......?"
It had been a long time since bodily sensations had removed my biological control.
But there was just one place, an organ now so sensitive it ached.
Even I could tell that its pulsation was vivid.
This is different from the sensations given to me coercively by the adults.
From that conduct, which made me freeze the bottom of my heart to make it no more than painless masochism.
Hot.
My whole body's hot.
My groin's hot.
Like it'll melt.
Taichi: "Youko......chan......"
I couldn't help that my voice had a pestering tone in it.
I thrust out my hips as if to break off my impatience.
The excited tip passed only through air.
She was dodging. Inside the skirt.
Taichi: "It's coming out......"
Youko: "......"
I couldn't hold my body still.
All four limbs moved restlessly.
I might be unsightly.
And then.
Without much irritation, her tongue stuck to my base.
Taichi: "Ku!!"
Youko: "Nn!......nnn, nnnnnnn......"
It traced a line, meandering, licking upward.
As if that tongue was alive.
It rolled out and around me, as long as a snake's, and squeezed hard.
Inside my skirt, where I couldn't see, what kind of caressing could give me that hallucination?
My base was tied up, and I lost both semen and its way out.
The heat lurked and whirled in my crotch.
The spiraling, twisting tongue then made its way to my tip.
No. It's not possible.
But my body shook from a satisfaction that couldn't be anything else.
And then,
I was devoured.
I got the sense something had contradicted physics.
Youko: "Nnn!"
As if to wipe away apprehension, a muffled bursting sound rang out.
Undoubtedly, I'm being sucked.
Youko: "Nn!......afu!......nnnnn!......nnha!......nnmu, nnnnnnnnn!"
The mouth of a girl who was always the object of yearning for disgusting organs.
My spine wouldn't stop shaking.
Without any doubt, it was from neither coldness or fear, but rather a fit of enjoyment.
I made myself accept this by saying that she'd become a demon.
A female, semen-sucking demon.
She was punishing me for not refusing to wear girl's clothing.
That's why, underneath my undergarments, any unreasonable thing could happen.
The tip of her tongue might split, and stretch along my shaft like a vine.
Youko: "Haa......nn!......nn! Nn! Nn!......nnnnnnn! Nnn......"
Her hands wrapped around both my legs.
At long last her mouth's caresses became genuinely intense.
Taichi: "No!......no, don't......"
I was way past my limit.
And yet, I couldn't mark the end of it.
Perhaps because my base was tied up, that which irresistable urges were pushing forth simply wouldn't come and bring about a physical end to this.
Youko: "Fuun! Nnmu! Nnnnn! Nn! Nn! Nnmu!"
Her sucking treatment became all the more intense, as she no longer rested at intervals.
I screamed.
I was going insane.
Maybe she'd predicted it, because she pushed down hard onto my lower body.
Youko: "......nnnnnnnnnnn!"
And then she sucked.
While twisting her neck, the stalk between her lips pulled out.
Taichi: "Aaaaa!!"
Her head slipped off me.
At the same time, the thing she'd been chewing on was softly untied.
Taichi: "Uu!......"
For a moment, I felt like I was about to climax.
The sense of releasing a beast.
But,
Before that could happen, her hands moved.
Between the two filthy organs, her fingers applied pressure.
When she pushed down on that flat place, the fluid at my base rooted in place for some reason.
The fluid beast was easily exorcised and quieted.
She easily tamed a monster I couldn't do anything about.
My pleasure,
My pain,
Their natural owner was none other than her.
Youko: "Taichi......"
Her dimly flushed, wet-eyed face had hardened its resolution.
It felt cold below my hips.
Something was wet.
Was it the saliva she'd expelled? My own sweat? Or an entirely different fluid?
I don't know, and it doesn't matter.
Youko: "Taichi, let's become one."
She violently tore off my ostentatious clothing.
Standing on her knees, she gazed at me again.
Youko: "............"
There were no words.
Her pupils reflected a tragically brave resolve.
She stooped down. Our lips met.
An aggressive kiss.
It went from contact not unlike pecking to an adherence of membranes.
She bent her head and pushed her body weight onto me, causing deeper adherence.
She twisted around the base of my tongue immediately, and I was pulled into her mouth.
The two winding tongues embraced and rubbed against each other.
Both our salivae formed a blob that spilled out of our mouths.
We sweetly bit each other's lips, fighting for our turns.
My deeply thrust tongue disappeared between her lips.
It kept on going, like a bottomless marsh.
The illusion of it detaching came down on me, and my hips rose.
My spinal cord was scorched.
I lost thought.
Youko: "Fuun!......"
This time her tongue sharply penetrated between my lips.
As if to say, 'Do as you please,' my heartbeat accelerated.
I tried sucking on it as she had mine.
The breath from our noses caressed each other.
Youko: "Nnfu......ah! Nnnnn!"
She closed her eyes in fascination and allied with my movements.
She held and scratched my head with both arms, and tried to suck everything out of my mouth.
Youko: "Nnnnnnnnn!!"
Nearby,
The girl cried coquettishly, from her throat.
I hurriedly cut off my beastly desires.
The tip of that flat, light pinkness pulled with it something viscous.
Youko-san was smiling as her tongue thrust out.
......
............
........................
Long......
She'd shown skill with her tongue beyond anything normal, and now it hung out of her mouth, longer than her fingers.
Drops trickled down from both our chins.
It was saliva we'd pushed into one another.
It's okay to be defiled.
My awareness of my own sexual nature broke slightly.
Even if one defiles another like this...
It's delightful.
Those who love each other defile each other.
Through knowledge, I knew this was contact with the other gender.
I had studied it, and it had been adorned as something more fantastical than real.
Maybe she'd sensed a small change, because she gracefully spoke,
Youko: "......what do you want to do?"
I said,
Taichi: "I want to enter you."
She smiled.
And then,
We joined together.
The Broadcasting Club campout.
Us first-years are advancing a grade, and happy third-years are retiring.
A new school year is coming.
With seven new faces.
But actually, eight.
I felt that 7/8 was okay.
She......she'd come the moment I called her anyway.
Just to gather seven people,
The price I paid wasn't cheap.
At the same time, I definitely didn't gain much.
In fact you could say it was a loss.
Rage.
Envy.
Hatred.
We hurt each other and broke apart.
That was our campout.
That was one reason the faculty didn't participate.
These are private club activities after all.
Mischief kept secret from the Institute.
If this was made public, there'd be some noise.
But I thought it was fine.
If I can control myself,
If she's conducting surveillance on us,
I thought that the worst possible scenario could be avoided.
What did I want to do......by going to such lengths?
Misato: "......"
I even chased out Sempai...
With that, the campout ended in the midst of pain and sorrow.
The seven went home.
I didn't want to see,
The emaciated, wearied eyes avoiding one another, not interacting.
Everyone's faces were like strangers to each other.
That's why I took the lead.
On the way, the sun began to sink.
I had the feeling we'd been walking for a horribly long time.
For several hours.
Normally, this path didn't even take one hour.
Was it because of fatigue?
No one said anything.
A world of only seven sets of footsteps.
An abnormally quiet mountain path.
Even the sounds of insects didn't reach our ears.
Even the air felt cold.
Even though it was summer.
Although it was dark, I could still see.
I could see the path.
I've always had good night vision.
Around the time when I started wondering if I'd taken a wrong turn, we finally arrived at the town.
Humanity had been annihilated.
I thought I'd try going to school, so I left the house.
Youko-chan was there.
Taichi: "Huh?"
Youko: "......good...morning."
She was a little frightened.
......maybe I teased her too much.
Taichi: "I won't do anything in the midst of this extraordinary situation."
I gestured for her to come over.
A smile.
Taichi: "Don't stay over there, come over here."
Youko-chan was reassured a little, and came closer.
I pinched her cheek.
Youko: "............"
I'd reflexively done something disagreeable.
But as expected, her expression hadn't changed.
Her poker face seemed almost fed up, maybe because it had no heart in it.
Taichi: "Morning."
Youko: "......liar."
Taichi: "Yep."
She's right.
Taichi: "Because I'm arabesque."
Youko: "......I think you wanted to say picaresque."
Taichi: "............"
*pinch*
Youko: "Ow."
She felt pain without changing her expression.
Taichi: "I can't forgive myself for making such a simple mistake."
Youko: "Then you should be harassing yourself......ah, that hurts, a lot......"
She wasn't acting like it hurt.
Taichi: "So, what's wrong?"
Taichi: "It's rare for you to show yourself in the daytime like this. I thought you lived hidden away in the darkness."
Youko: "This."
A paper bag.
Taichi: "Women's underwear?"
Youko: "Do you need them?"
Taichi: "Well......do I?"
The human I am is too impulsive.
Youko: "You've got plenty in the dresser drawers in your house."
Taichi: "No, since they aren't freshly stripped......"
Youko: "......I understand."
She took hers off.
Taichi: "It's okay! I don't need it!"
Youko: "......nn."
Taichi: "If you just yank it off like that, it'll be sold at auction with an attached picture."
Youko: "......I might not like that."
Taichi: "You might have to indulge in masturbation with four pairs of shorts on your head until you have bracelets of soiled underwear on both wrists."
Youko: "I wouldn't mind that."
Are you sure?
She said it like it was nothing.
Taichi: "Come on now......aren't you a third-year high schooler? Pull yourself together. "
Youko: "I am."
Taichi: "No you aren't. You're missing something."
Youko: "......unexpected."
Youko: "Taichi's losing it."
Taichi: "This is the age when I want to do that. Puberty and all."
Then, I confirmed the contents of the paper bag.
Taichi: "......sandwiches?"
There were a lot of them.
Youko: "This is what's left over from the raw foods that could still be preserved."
Taichi: "You made them."
Taichi: "......that's right, without people, fruits and vegetables are just-"
Youko: "For the time being. I only surveyed some fields and greenhouses......it should be enough for two people to live on......"
Taichi: "There are eight."
I spoke with a raised finger.
Taichi: "That's not a good way to think. Your humanity will break."
Taichi: "Didn't we decide to preserve life?"
Youko: "......yes."
She nods honestly, but...
In the end she'll only mechanically carry out what I say.
It provoked me quite a bit.
Taichi: "Thank you. I'll take these. There might be a bit too much though."
Youko: "............"
I had a feeling that her facial muscles moved (under my fingers).
Taichi: "So much, it's like a double portion."
Youko: "............"
I had a feeling that her facial muscles moved (under my fingers).
If I'm not touching her, I can hardly read any of her subtle changes in expression.
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "So much, it's like a double portion."
I tried saying it again.
Youko: "............"
I had a feeling that her facial muscles moved (under my fingers).
Ha-haaan.
A vicious thought.
Taichi: "This double portion of sandwiches......I will surely......"
  -Eat them by myself
  -Eat them with someone else
Taichi: "I'll eat it by myself. Thank you."
Youko: "........................"
Her facial muscles relaxed.
Taichi: "Wow, these look good."
I quickly took a bite.
Yep, good.
Youko: "......bully."
She gave a small sigh.
Taichi: "I'll have these together with some cutie."
Youko: "........................"
Her cheek clearly tightened.
A look that was either soulless or grudging.
Taichi: "Is there a problem or something?"
Youko: "......there isn't."
Taichi: "That's good to hear."
Taichi: "But if this was supposed to be my lunch, you could've just left it on my desk."
Youko: "I wasn't able......to go to the power plant......"
Taichi: "The power plant? You couldn't go there?"
I didn't understand.
Youko: "............"
She was silent.
Dammit.
She's always like this, only giving the rough outline.
Because she only speaks the minimum words needed for her to understand something.
I could ask her about it, but it took time to reach understanding going from the inaccurate doubts and questions on my end.
Taichi: "Oh, you mean you went and confirmed it? That far away?"
Youko: "Because it was dangerous."
Taichi: "Aaah, I see......"
It's true that whatever happens to the power plant could be dangerous.
Taichi: "So you came to report that."
She nodded.
Taichi: "I see......good work."
She nodded.
Happily, if only a little.
I removed my hand.
Her white chinaware cheek was red and slightly swollen.
Even so,
What did she mean by, 'I couldn't go?'
Did she mean she physically couldn't reach it because of a landslide or something?
The facility is needed, but the land around it is difficult terrain.
But saying for sure that it's safe......that's what getting confirmation is.
Nnn...
Taichi: "What do you mean, you couldn't go there?"
She'd left.
In the brief moment my eyes had left her.
Taichi: "Haa......"
Later, when I started walking down the hill,
Taichi: "Mu!?"
The sound of a tire scraping against the ground.
A sign of danger.
Taichi: "You think that'll work!!?"
I jumped back gracefully.
*impact!*
Taichi: "Propellererererererererer!!!"
I rotated.
Nanaka: "Nyaiiiiiiiiiii!!?"
I was blown away with Hollywood wirework.
Without losing any energy when crashing my face into the ground, I rolled forth and collided into the trees by the side of the road in the posture of a shachihoko.
Nanaka: "Sorry Taichi!!"
Taichi: "......how do you know my name......"
Nanaka: "Did you forget?"
Taichi: "Eh?"
The girl's eyes met mine.
Nanaka: "Did you forget about me?"
Taichi: "Gulp."
I forgot.
In my amnesia,
A long time ago, she saved my life.
Incishoot.
*Incishoot = Taichian for incidental + shoot (i.e., anything in wrestling that isn't staged). It refers to a posture that challenges one head on; the most typical of the typical.
Taichi: "I can only permit something on a slightly mysterious level, you hear? Like a childhood friend-chan who promised to marry you ten years ago returning."
I informed her with a hard-boiled tone.
Nanaka: "Hu! Hu! Hu!"
A cute girl.
Though she's a little weird.
Or I should say, she's obviously weird.
But she's cute (failure as a human).
Am I going to sexually harass someone I just met?
Taichi: "Aaand..."
*squeeze*
Breast Get!
Nanaka: "......"
Taichi: "......nnn?"
*squeeze* *squeeze*
Squeeze. I mean, multiple onomatopoeia
There's a sensation.
But......what is this feeling...
Taichi: "Could this be silicone? Don't tell me it's silicone!"
Nanaka: "Moron!"
*smack!*
Taichi: "Moron!"
And she'd just sent me flying.
Taichi: "......so, what's your name?"
Nanaka: "You recover quickly."
Taichi: "I'm used to this."
Nanaka: "My name is Nanaka."
Taichi: "Nanaka-chan?"
Nanaka: "Yep, Nanaka-chan."
She held up her skirt in a refined greeting pose.
I did the same.
Mirrored.
......an idiot's reflection...was the scene I'd made.
Taichi: "......anyway, I'm going to school, so let's start walking."
Nanaka: "Okaaay."
A uniform I'd never seen before.
It's not from any neighboring school.
She seemed to have good motor skills.
Even though I'm walking at slow speed, she's matching my pace without faltering.
She came across as a lively, energetic, childhood-friend- type pretty girl.
Who'd come and wake me up every morning.
Taichi: "Huhuhu."
Wonderful.
Nanaka: "Does it disturb you much?"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Nanaka: "The world coming to this."
Taichi: "......it does."
There's no way it wouldn't.
Taichi: "I'm just not letting it show."
Taichi: "I......the fewer people there are, the more I become like myself."
Nanaka: "............"
Taichi: "But I'm holding on for now because I know everyone's still here."
Nanaka: "I see..."
Nanaka: "Taichi hates himself."
Taichi: "......it's not that I hate myself......I don't really know."
Taichi: "I really don't know anymore. I'm just thinking about trivial things all the time."
Taichi: "......it's a little painful."
Nanaka made a sad face.
Taichi: "Oh! We can't have that."
I tried to go against the situation by being funny.
Taichi: "I decided that I will only make girls cry with sexual harassment."
I wiped the corner of her eye.
Nanaka: "......I'm not crying."
Taichi: "You looked like you were about to."
Nanaka: "And sexual harassment is the worst."
Taichi: "It's an expression of love."
Nanaka: "Perverted pranks are?"
Taichi: "Yes."
I puffed up my chest.
Taichi: "I perform perverted pranks with an atmosphere of admiration for something beautiful."
Taichi: "After all, no matter how formulaic an individual, it is that person's one and only."
Taichi: "Because that's how humans are."
Taichi: "Besides, I have no right to love people with a serious face......"
I just let something slip.
Since even I'm human, there are extremely rare times without any context where my guard falls.
What to do, what to do...
Nanaka: "......hmmm."
Nanaka: "That's the first time I've heard that opinion."
Taichi: "......the first time?"
Taichi: "Have we really met before?"
Nanaka: "We have."
A face hiding loneliness.
Taichi: "When."
Nanaka: "Dunno."
Taichi: "......so it's a secret."
Nanaka: "Maybe it is."
Taichi: "Huhuhu, if you don't come clean, I'll flip your skirt."
Nanaka: "If you do that, I'll hit you again."
Nanaka: "Taichi must like that."
Taichi: "......nuu."
Formidable.
She won't be moved by sexual harassment.
Taichi: "......I give up."
Nanaka: "Oya?"
Taichi: "It's boring to flip the skirt of someone who won't be moved by it."
Taichi: "Aaaah, the Kurosu Taichi-sama whose merit lies in superficial and hollow dialogues has spoken on a serious topic..."
And so, I walked on.
Nanaka: "It's lonely."
I heard her voice from far behind me.
Something felt wrong.
I turned around.
An impossible distance.
Nanaka had been next to me until three seconds ago.
Twenty meters. Not a distance one could traverse in an instant.
Taichi: "Wh-......?"
Nanaka: "......Taichiii!"
She screamed. A grievous echo. It hit my heart.
This time, Nanaka was crying.
Nanaka: "I may not know whether that's a good thing or not!"
Nanaka: "But if you wish that the world would go back to the way it was......!"
A white fingertip shot out, pointing to me.
No, to something behind me.
The school.
No......the mountains?
There was a mountain path that we used during the campout.
There are a lot of animals on that path, but it reaches the summit quickly.
And at the end of it.
There's a hokora.
I don't know what's enshrined there.
A small, old, decayed hokora.
A place that might be dedicated to an unworshipped god.
No one goes near it any more.
There's something there.
I returned my gaze to Nanaka, in order to ask her a trivial question.
She'd disappeared.
Along with her bike.
Taichi: "............"
The cicadas weren't chirping. A quiet new term. 
  -Try going to the hokora
  -Go to school
  -Try going to the hokora
  -Go to school
  -Go to the Tasaki Shop
The hokora......
I twisted away from the will of mine that said, 'Go to school anyway.'
I can do that fairly well, can't I?
I think people have countless possibilities.
But, for the most part, they're just controlled by their individuality.
People will generally make the same choices.
But,
When you repeat the same situation hundreds of times, wouldn't probability demand that you do something extravagant?
That's what I thought.
I was trying to do something extravagant.
I'd passed through here yesterday.
Alongside despair.
And now, I was climbing the mountain once again.
To go to the hokora.
I had no real objective.
You could say going to the hokora was the objective.
That girl......she said she was Nanaka?
The reason why she pointed me this way.
I had a feeling I could find it.
It had been a while since people had passed through here.
The path to the shrine was covered in undergrowth, and I couldn't find it.
I continued on, relying on intuition.
Not long after,
Taichi: "There it is."
I said aloud.
All noise vanished from the world, along with the presences of various living things (just humans?).
But the area around the hokora was silent.
A solemn atmosphere.
Even the air temperature felt lower.
The stress from the solitude made my throat dry.
I got the feeling that I shouldn't make any noise.
I approached the hokora.
Taichi: "......"
There was clearly...
Something strange about it...
I couldn't put my finger on it, but...
This place was strange.
Something deeper than rationality told me that.
Even if it was strange, it didn't seem dangerous.
I stared, observing the hokora.
It was a small Shinto shrine set atop a high platform.
It had a pair of double doors.
And it was sealed with shimenawa.
I had to see what was inside.
There was a possibility that some strange monster was sealed away in there.
Well, I'm not so sure about that......
Now that it was common knowledge that the 21st century had rejected the next century by annihilating humanity, I felt, without any basis, that the hokora couldn't be that plain.
I put my hands on the doors,
And opened them.
Taichi: "......this is..."
I was surprised.
In the dim, undecorated space, there were no monsters or bottles or daggers or crystal balls......
Just a pile of notebooks.
Five of them.
Six of them.
If it isn't obvious, which of these two lines you get depends on whether or not you've repeated ccc at least once.
Without discrepancy, they were student notebooks.
It seemed like a total mismatch.
And it took me by surprise.
Taichi: "......not bad."
I don't know who'd done it though.
I took out a notebook.
The covers were featureless, but they did have numbers written on them in magic marker.
Volume numbers.
I tried opening the notebook titled '1'.
......
............
........................
Monday
I went to school today, but I cut class.
PCP_S These first four lines were together back in cca0012.
Touko was especially harsh today.
Must be biological.
But I can't strike at her just because of her biology.
Instead, I'll do horrible things to her in this diary.
Touko: "No! Stop!"
Me: "Heheh, even if you claim to hate it, your body is perfectly honest. (paraphrased)"
Touko: "Ah! That's... no, stop it, stop it!"
Me: "Impossible! No man can pull back after coming this far! My rifle of pride has no choice now but to lock on to a target such as yourself!"
Touko: "Noooo! My body, not my bodyyy!!"
Me: "In time, you will come to desire this yourself."
Touko: "No, have mercy!!"
Me: "You think I'll listen to such pleas?! Doooryaaa!!"
Touko: "......you beast!!!"
Here I raised up the vase holding its red rose.
At last the flower's stalk snapped, and fell silently.
The screen blurs. Whiteout.
【Fin】
As I walked down the hallway, Miki was doing some cleaning.
My hand shot like lightning, aimed at Miki's butt, yet I merely grazed her, failing to grasp her body.
Until now, Miki's always been sluggish and easy to touch.
This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!
But seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy.
The day she'll surpass her master draws near.
I went to club for the first time in a while, and Mimi-sempai was quite fluffy.
Today, I reached a milestone.
I'm greatly moved.
A lot of other stuff happened, too, but overall it was a good day.
Taichi: "This is......"
My diary.
I flipped through the following pages.
Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday.
Without any doubt, it's a diary.
But,
Taichi: "That's strange."
The next page,
Tuesday.
Objectify your emotions!
Who was the one who stuffed curry into the bread in the first place?
That question has always tormissed me. 
*tormiss = Taichi's typo. A theoretical error in which he tied the meaning of "torment" to the connotation of "misplace."
In the same way, Taichi mistakenly thought that turtlenecks were 'totalnecks' because they totally cover his neck.
But going belly and forth in search of an answer will only leave me with a hollow feeling at the end of the day.
*belly = Taichi's typo
Baudelaire once said:
『God is dead.』
It may be easy to doubt the existence of a god, but for those who never give his existence a second thought, and believe life is a straight line laid out for them every day, he'll suddenly profit forks in their paths.  
*profit = Taichi's typo of 'prepare'
For ex{ae}mple, the time to roll out a hairless conversation with an obstinate woman.
*hairless = confused with 'profitless'
For ex{ae}mple, the time I met with a good friend of mine and an estranged friend of mine at the same moment.
And the time those two rebuilt a friendly relationship between themselves.
Regarding either one of them, I'd ××× until I couldn't not feel the towering will to ×××× them both equally with the mysterious ××× near her nose and mouth ×××× when I would, along with priceless love--
The ××× which was ×××× as it did ××× it would ×××× ×××××××××××× but ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××.
『What we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence.』
These are Kierkegaard's famous words.
I will now leave the subject of Kiri-jou's elegant androgyny and my just passion toward her.
For that is not the only pleasure in life.
Yes.
The Sempai of my life whom I met on the roof, with her maternal open-mindedness and loving affection. No matter how much I wrote about Misato-jou, the bling would never end.
*bling = Taichi's typo for 'bliss'
First, there are her indescribable thighs, which were (censored).
And in my hands, there remained the bra which was once attached to her body.
When I breathed through it, though it had already lost its body heat, the girl's faint smell took me away to yet another strong delusional delusion.
‾FIN‾
That's unmistakably my norm.
But isn't this strange?
I should remember what I wrote in my own diary.
I definitely wrote in it from time to time......
Taichi: "......that's not it."
It's not in my memory at all.
What's written in here are occurrences entirely outside of my memory.
By the way, it's not amnesia.
In fact I'm the type to remember needless details.
I'm a memory hunter that would definitely never forget something like making marriage vows with a childhood friend, or being given truth serum by an enemy and crippled on the way to my dream job.
Well, the strength of my memory is good.
Speaking of things outside of my memory......there is the scene of my own birth.
Taichi: "Wahaha (alol)."
The now-annihilated Americans would find delight in that.
Now then,
I'll continue reading.
Wednesday.
Hmph. Next.
Thursday.
And then Friday.
Today we went to the beach.
The beach we all went to last year.
This year it was pretty lonely.
It may have been awkward, but last year I believed we could touch and learn from each other.
It made me remember so many fun times.
Just one year has passed since then, and we're all estranged now.
We've lost all mutual concern.
Because so many things happened.
But, that's not the only reason.
......there was a problem, in our hearts.
And now, we're the only ones in the world.
What's with this ironic composition?
That night, Misato-sempai came to check up on me.
For no real reason, I remembered the words of that Nanaka girl and went to see the hokora.
I can get more done at night.
My body's weird.
There were many questions.
But my thoughts wouldn't stop.
Despite Nanaka's enigmatic suggestion, I sensed no abnormality from the hokora.
There was just one piece of paper in there.
A note from Youko-chan.
The paper was new.
『Save all your records in here.』
As is always the case with her, there was no explanation for the reason.
Because she is mostly complete as a human, she doesn't need to communicate her intent to other people.
As a result, she tends to remove excess words taciturnly and with poor speaking skills.
Often, she removes too much and doesn't make any sense.
But, there is no mistake in what she says.
I should do just that.
I returned to my house, and brought my diary here.
That's why this will be my last diary entry.
The first notebook ended there.
In the second,
The content was nearly the same.
Casual days starting on Monday.
And on Saturday, to the hokora.
The third. The fourth. The fifth.
They all repeated.
The content did differ in places.
For instance, the timing of when I met with The Flowers, or my correspondence with Touko or Mimi-sempai.
But overall, it looked like exactly the same week was being traced out repeatedly.
Almost as if, I'd repeated the same period of time several times over......
Thinking calmly, there are a few possibilities these diaries could be showing.
1) I had another personality that wrote them.
2) Stuff I write in the future shows up here.
3) I was repeating the same period of time over and over.
The first isn't true. I can guarantee that.
Even if you give a monkey a typewriter, it won't coincidentally write up a copy of Shakespeare.
Thinking realistically, number two couldn't be it either.
Three...
At the very least, that's the possibility that these five diaries were showing me. 
The memo mentioned earlier was inserted inside the first notebook.
A very old memo.
It looked like it had been written years ago.
All my records......huh...
Well, she means diaries.
Now, why would I have to do that?
The diaries all basically stop recording after Friday.
Though the fourth made an exception by continuing onto Saturday.
In other words, something happens after Saturday, so that in the end, I'm being forced to redo everything from the beginning.
Was the restart point Monday? It could also be Sunday.
Since on Sunday I was feeling bad and didn't write in my diary.
Most likely, I was taking the same actions in many possibilities.
No, wait a minute.
Taichi: "The world is repeating itself?"
That's extraordinary.
But, right now......
I should avoid jumping to conclusions.
A conclusion is reminiscence from the terminal point.
It's no more than a process of reaching a decision after some process.
Here, there's a high probability that I......no, that the world itself is looping the same week ad infinitum.
And I'll stop thinking right there.
There seem to be rules to this loop.
Which include......the erasure of subjective memory.
After the diaries cut off, the world should have 『rolled back』 at least five times.
At the same time, my memory was also being completely rolled back.
This produced a decision.
There are no deficits or obscurities within my memory.
Since Youko-chan is a kunoichi, it's no surprise that she realized this truth so quickly.
And then left a memo for me.
For some reason.
That means Youko-chan also loses her memory along with the rollback---
I could extend this to say that all the others were the same.
Mimi-sempai, Touko, Miki and Kiri, Sakuraba, Tomoki......
Taichi: "That's right."
I'd come to understand the trouble of our present situation.
My memory was being reset.
In other words,
Even the memory of arriving at the true state of affairs this way is reset by the end of the week.
Next week (literally), I'll be back to living through Monday without any doubts.
I arrived at the truth again only because of being coincidentally guided to this hokora......
Taichi: "......uwa."
In such a situation, I'd have to furiously shoot a gun repeatedly and unskillfully.
I was quite unnerved.
There's one other rule as well.
Which is, that this hokora somehow avoids being affected by the loop.
As long as I'm in this place, subjective time is preserved.
Taichi: "......Youko-chan, how did you find this out?"
I could understand it if the notebooks were there.
But with nothing in there, how could one see through the peculiarity of this hokora?
I didn't think it could be discovered with the abilities of the average person.
Then again, she's nothing like a normal person.
Taichi: "Youko-chan...maybe she could......"
It did seem like she was investigating a lot right now.
Taichi: "Still,"
While entering the hokora, I thought.
Cramped.
Without folding up my arms and legs like a shape-changing robot, I couldn't win the invasion.
Who or what is that Nanaka girl anyway?
Taichi: "Hmmm."
I had virtually nothing to go on.
She seems cheerful, wears a different uniform, rides a bicycle, has long legs, tight haunches, a bust far beyond the average value of her tight clothing......
Taichi: "Ah! Unacceptable."
My volume increased.
If I increased this much, won't I become unable to enter the hokora!?
Or so I thought, but I managed to slide right in.
Taichi: ......*sob* *sob* *sob*
Multiple onomatopoeia
I'd gotten in, but I couldn't move my body around much.
I was enveloped with the sensation of becoming a rectangular parallelepiped.
I tried closing the door.
Taichi: "Perfect."
What's perfect?
There isn't any meaning to this whatsoever.
I soon came back out.
Taichi: "......I guess I'll go to school."
I'll take my time thinking.
......it's approaching me.
Taichi: "Mu."
Murderous intent.
It was stuck to the store's entrance.
I looked inside.
An enemy? Or a friend?
Taichi: "......mountain?"
Miki: "......river."
Miki: "Heaven and Earth?"
Taichi: "Body odor leading the pack."
Miki: "......go ahead."
I entered the store.
Taichi: "So it's you, Miki......I wondered who it was."
Miki: "Good morning, Sempai."
Taichi: "Since you were giving off murderous intent, I wasn't sure."
Miki: "If something happens inside a closed space, wouldn't you hate it if there was nowhere to run to?"
Taichi: "Indeed."
My thoughts raced through old memories.
Taichi: "Since you're wearing your uniform, perhaps you intend to go to school?"
Miki: "That's true. There's nothing else to do after all."
Taichi: "Same as me."
Miki: "Yes it is."
She was innocent.
Taichi: "A drink for me too."
Miki: "Have this."
Taichi: "Thank you for always choosing drinks with high reality."
It is known to those who know as Ne**n.
Drink it all down! All at once!
Miki: "It's best if you don't look at the expiration date."
Taichi: "Gehaa!!"
It entered my windpipe.
Taichi: "Geho! Gaho!!"
Miki: "Smash hit."
Posing.
Taichi: "......don't trap people like that!"
Miki: "I'm sooorry."
A smile swelled up on her face.
Taichi: "Ke! You oboko!"
I spat out.
Miki: "I think I'll throw it away when I reach twenty."
Taichi: "You should be there pretty soon."
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Be as you are now for all eternity."
Miki: "......I have a feeling I could, but that's impossible."
It probably is.
No, more importantly,
Taichi: "So, who will you give it to?"
Miki: "......eh? Hmmm......Katou Falcon."
Taichi: "So you value technique!?"
I lamented.
Isn't he one of the leading technicians in Japan?
......I can't beat him.
Taichi: "I can't match Falcon, but I do have my own technique."
Miki: "Sempai's techniques are all just sexual harassment, and as such I have terrible doubts about whether they'll be useful during the real thing, so I regret to inform you that I'm refusing you."
Such a masculine poetic style that her sentence ended on a low formality level.
That style of refusal broke my heart. 
Taichi: "Damn! You say that, but are you not actually trying to offer yourself to Kiri-chin? You lustful virgin?"
Miki: "In fact, I will rob Kiri-chin of her virginity."
Taichi: "Ah! I want to participate in that!"
As my desires multiplied, my fanboy level peaked at 82%.
Miki: "And for that reason we'll go to school together."
Taichi: "Yeah, let's go."
We went to school together holding hands.
Taichi: "Underneath the clear blue sky♪"
Miki: "Two friends who are very close♪"
We made it to school during that careless duet.
Miki: "............"
Miki: "Ah, no good. I forgot Kiri-chiii's drink."
You say that after arriving at school?
Taichi: "You damned fool. You lack training."
Miki: "I will return."
Taichi: "Climb up and down the hills as much as you like."
Miki: "Heeei."
She rushed off pleasantly.
A young little thing.
Taichi: "......"
  -Club room
  -First-year classroom
There was no one in the club room.
The room feels small when we're playing around, but now that it's empty it looks peaceful.
The camouflage stuck on the hallway's side of the window was peeling off.
Those were pictures of an empty room printed out sideways and carefully lined up together.
It's surprising what can be kept from you by a simple pane of glass.
Taichi: "............"
We were always hanging out around here.
Tomoki would sit down and read manga.
Sakuraba would be here too.
And Sempai.
Here was Miki and Kiri's standard location.
Miyuki......after that, I think she moved into class X right away.
Her condition had worsened.
Class X is different from the others.
At Gunjou, it was the end of the line.
Though it happens to be the happiest class...
Taichi: "............"
It's as if people's hearts can't be predicted at all.
Even though she was perfectly normal, one day, right out of the blue......
There were people said to be at the limit of the human species.
But I don't believe that.
......disease.
People become unable to contact, and quench their hearts' thirst through various media.
It was like putting hazardous chemicals into your mouth instead of real food.
......it was all so twisted.
That result was......this.
'Seriously Unadaptable Person Isolation Facility' Gunjou Institute
Happy students, sturdy guards, therapists and psychiatrists are stationed here......a unique educational facility introduced as a part of policies mitigating excessive benefits from the atomic power plant.
Heal your hearts naturally.
An optimistic catch phrase.
But everyone knows.
There's only one way to heal those with low adaptation coefficients.
Beneficial contact with people.
That is to say,
We have to touch each other.
But how can the frightened teachers and guards fulfill that role?
There's no way they could.
They have to make wounded boys and girls open up their hearts to one another.
Tomoki: "Taichi?"
Tomoki came over to me.
Taichi: "Yo, siscon."
He was displeased.
Tomoki: "......that's not true anymore."
Taichi: "Say what?"
Unadaptive people tend to hold antagonism or terror toward others easily.
In the former case, they're dangerous people, and in the latter, they're pitiful children.
Tomoki: "......so Taichi came here too."
Taichi: "Nnn, well yeah. I wanted to know the situation."
Taichi: "How is it?"
Tomoki: "The same."
Tomoki: "Since there are no classes, we quickly ran out of things to do."
Taichi: "What about those new club activities? The Provision Procurement Club or something?"
Tomoki: "Active Life Maintenance Club."
Taichi: "Weird name."
Tomoki: "The name doesn't matter at all."
When we all confirmed the situation on Sunday night, the first thing we thought about was food.
Then Tomoki proposed that he would collect all the food remaining in the town and divide it up fairly.
I offered to help, but he refused.
Since snack stealing appears to be taboo.
Tomoki: "It's no job to be assigned to someone who eats several times more than a normal person."
Taichi: "I told you, I don't eat that much."
That was Yuusa's mama acting on her own......
Tomoki: "Anyway, this calms me down."
He sat down in his standard location and unfolded a map.
A map of the town.
He'd drawn symbols on it with a red pen.
Tomoki: "That was all dried foods, so I'll put it in storage......as for the perishables here......"
He muttered as he glared at the map.
That form of him overlapped for an instant with the manga-reading Tomoki.
Taichi: "......haha."
Tomoki: "Nn? What?"
Taichi: "Oh no,"
Taichi: "It's nothing."
Tomoki: "?"
I took out some rubber tape and repaired the camouflage.
A meaningless act.
But Tomoki said nothing.
Was Kiri coming to school?
It wasn't mentioned in the records I saw for Monday.
The fourth floor. The first year classroom.
Kiri was there.
She was staring at the scenery.
A small physique.
She was filling herself with fresh vitality without becoming stiff.
From what I could see of her face, there was a pinch of anxiety there.
Her black hair rippled, habitually covering her forehead.
Her young vitality covered by a fragile film of glass......a girl who ought to be loved.
Being hurt breaks off fragments, so she sometimes hurts others.
But the back holding her slender shoulders up was delicate, and even looked defenseless.
......so much so that I might attack it.
She appeared to have not noticed my presence.
  -Draw near to her
  -Call out to her
I moved to the entrance.
Taichi: "Nnn."
I really should go with her.
Taichi: "......it's kindness."
Men are kindness.
Even lies are kind.
Kiri: "......?"
Kiri was there.
Taichi: "Heeey!"
Kiri: "-!"
She was displeased.
Damn prickly virgin.
Kiri is just too much of a virgin.
Taichi: "Where are you going?"
Kiri: "......it has...nothing to do with you."
She left straight away.
So I followed straight away.
I have the longer pace.
I caught up to her without toil.
Taichi: "Are you meeting up with Miki?"
Kiri: "Please don't follow me."
Taichi: "I have business with you as well."
Kiri: "......!"
Faster walking.
Taichi: "♪♪"
I also walked faster. And hummed.
Kiri: "............!"
Her pace went up.
I gave chase.
Kiri: "......enough!"
Kiri rushed off.
My body moved reflexively.
Let's play tag.
We passed through the shopping district.
Aren't the hills this way!?
Kiri: "Don't come any closer!!?"
Taichi: "Why are you running!?"
Kiri: "Because Sempai is chasing me!"
Taichi: "Which is because you're running!"
Kiri: "Don't follow meee!!"
Here it iiis!!!
Taichi: "I can...endure...these...hills...but...what...
about...you!?"
Kiri: "Ha! Ha! Ha!......Haa!"
Huhuhu.
She's already exhausted?
On top of that, thanks to my hair turning white overnight from fear, I could handle the sunlight.
You could say it was super-favorable.
I went over a hill.
One.
Kiri: "Ha! Ha! Ha!!"
Two.
Taichi: "Ho! Ho! Ho!"
Three.
Kiri's speed fell.
Now's my chance!
Taichi: "Ora-oraaa!!"
Kiri: "......don't come any closeeer!!"
Ku! She's surprisingly energetic.
It seems this will become a long war.
Taichi: "This is my house!!"
Kiri: "Shut up!!"
She outran me.
She went through an alley, turning to a course that returned to the school.
Taichi: "Guoo!!"
The chastity belt was chafing.
It hurts!
It may not be sexual harassment!
But it is sexual harassment!
Taichi: "So we're even!?"
My fighting spirit boiled up.
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
School, IN!
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
Shoes on, GO!
Keep it up to the second year classroom.
*slide!*
I opened the door Kiri had closed and jumped in.
Right when she left through the back door.
Taichi: "Damn!"
She outran me.
Touko: "......aeeh!!?"
Taichi: "Ah, not here!"
She disappeared to either the left or the right!
Taichi: "......sniff, sniff."
Taichi: "This way!"
A floral scent from the right.
I rushed down the stairs.
The first floor hallway.
I saw Kiri's back.
Taichi: "Wahaha! Your mint floral will be the death of youuuuu!!"
Kiri: "Damn!"
Once more outside.
By the way, we've been running for an hour already.
This is! Summer!!
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
Miki: "......ah, Sempai......"
Like the white afterimages of station signs that occasionally passed across the windows of the late night express train that Michiko boarded as she set out on a journey after being hurt by lost love, Miki went straight through me.
Miki: "Hey-you-wait."
A voice from behind me.
Taichi: "-!!"
Impact.
*slip!*
Facial sliding.
Miki: "Your knees are off balance."
Miki: "Ahahahahaha."
Taichi: "Ahahahahaha."
Taichi: "......urya."
I kissed her. Like a kiss thief.
Miki: "Nnmuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!?"
Drill.
Miki: "Nn! Nnbu! Nn, pua!!?"
Vibrator.
Miki: "Nn! Nnnnnnnnn! *kiss* *kiss!* Nnbua! Nn! ----! Nn! Nn!Nn!!e......*lick!* Fua, nnnnnnnnn!!!"
Vacuum.
Miki: "Nnmumumumumu! Fua, fuaan! Nn! Nnn! yan! I...I can't...can't brea......nnnnnnnnnnnnn! ! *lick!* *lilick!* *kiss* *kiss!* ah, ah!ku, aao, fumuuuunn!!!"
For the final blow, Mixer (only used on Miki).
Miki: "Nnnn! Nnn! Nn! Uuun! Nn!Nn, nnuu......*lick!* ......Ah, no, fua......*lick* Nn! Ku!......stop, no, nnnnnnnn, nnnnnnnnnnnnnn! Nn! Nn *lick!*...fua......"
Miki: "That...hurts......fworgib......fwor...... nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!"
She came to a full stop, and collapsed to her knees.
Miki: "......fuhyuuu......afuafu......"
Taichi: "Your knees are off balance."
I haughtily informed her.
I reopened the pursuit.
Still, damn you Miki.
To trip the legs of a person who's running.
Today when I'm growing radically.
Miki: "......fua, my first kiss waaaas......"
I heard such a voice behind me.
She reaped what she sowed.
Taichi: "Ho! Ho!"
I sucked in energy and became livelier.
A lot of distance had grown between Kiri and I now, but......
With these hills, I'll take it back all at once.
Dash!
However, as I was equipped with the chastity belt, I was invested with bowleggedness.
Taichi: "Kiri, don't think this is over!"
Kiri: "......uu!"
She was surprised, and fell forward.
Kiri: "Uu, uu......*sob*......*hic!*"
She sniveled.
Kiri: "I can't...it's too much!......"
She'd toiled quite a bit.
She's running as if dragging her legs.
To catch up to her......it shouldn't take ten seconds.
What'll I do when I catch her?
I hadn't thought about that.
I can only leave it to the inclination of my emotions.
Flowers, Double First Kiss Robbery---
An evil thought.
That's it. That's good.
I will scatter the flower-chans.
Taichi: "Ku! Ku! Ku!"
I extended my hand to Kiri, who by now was practically walking.
That moment,
A shadow at the edge of my vision.
Instant concentration. I can see in slo-mo.
What is this?
A bicycle.
It is a bicycle.
Nanaka: "Yaaaaaaa!!"
Taichi: "Goaaa!!?"
I was beaten into the ground.
My consciousness grew shallow.
Kiri seemed far away.
Nanaka: "Geez......this kid......wasting all his strength on such things without even going to the hokora......"
She was whispering to herself.
........................
When I opened my eyes, I was in my own room.
Taichi: "Uu, uuuuu......"
Miki: "Morning."
Taichi: "Ah, it's Miki-rin."
Miki: "I am Miki-rin. I will be a bother."
Taichi: "Huh?"
My crotch was missing something.
I tried touching it, and found no sensation from the trustworthy yet faintly painful chastity belt.
A petite loneliness.
Had I become affectionate for it as it accompanied me through pleasure and pain?
Taichi: "Miki......sorry for the quick question, but the thing I was wearing......"
Miki: "You really were wearing something amazing."
Taichi: "Those...those were high-tech briefs."
I lied.
Miki: "A-amazing."
Taichi: "They're so high-tech they'll turn on a light automatically in dark places."
Taichi: "That's why there's so much sparkle within my pants. It's Saturday Night Fever."
From the position of a rather naughty boy with high-tech briefs, I tried forcing a smile.
It was like the face of a top breeder taking pride in the dog he loved and which earned him money.
Taichi: "But they are favorably reviewed by wives. They say it's easy to look for a son underneath the sheets! (alol)"
*alol = an American-like smile. Americans possess the power to provide their own gags with self-service through smiling. 
Miki: "Uhaa, how adult..."
Taichi: "Huh? Replacement underwear was put on?"
I looked at Miki.
She blushed and averted her eyes.
Taichi: "......y-you......could you have......?"
Miki: "Ha, haa......Sempai fell down in the street, so......I picked you up......and a fragment of the chastity belt fell out of your pant leg......"
She knew it was a chastity belt!!?
I fell down.
Miki: "So I dragged Sempai to his house......"
Uuoo, is that why I have abrasions all over my body!?
Miki: "When I took off your pants......there it was..."
Why was there any need to take off my pants!?
Miki: "I blanked out for thirty minutes......but the next thing I remember is being on the roof of the school......"
Taichi: "......"
Was it so unsettling it made her lose her memory and run away?
Miki: "I returned, and hardened my resolve......then this Miki took the liberty of preparing the underwear I thought suited you the best!"
Taichi: "......hou."
I tried looking inside my pants.
Elephant underwear.
Taichi: "They suit me? These suit me the best?"
Isn't there a bag in the front of this that tapers to a point just like an elephant?
This isn't underwear so much as a rod covering.
Miki was ashamed.
Miki: "Th-that's......I wanted to see a gentleman wearing those at least once! I'm satisfied!"
I'd satisfied Miki without knowing it.
Dammit......was I harassed by Miki-Miki......?
I wonder why I didn't open my eyes then...
Miki: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "......I'm fed up with myself."
A 『?』 floated up above Miki's head.
Taichi: "Well, it's fine. More importantly, thanks. Even I would've suffered bodily harm from lying under the boiling sun."
Miki: "No, no."
Taichi: "I must give you some form of thanks."
Miki: "I'm satisfied as long as Sempai lives carefree."
Taichi: "Miki......you're such a good girl!"
*slide!*
I fondled her butt.
Miki: "Release me, young elephant."
Taichi: "Hau!!?"
As a man I was visited by quite a bit of shame.
Taichi: "Right, right, I have sandwiches. Let's eat."
Miki: "The resilient Sempai is also wonderful."
I prepared drinks too, though they weren't that cold.
Taichi: "It is right around noon after all."
Miki: "Waa, here I go!"
She leaped onto it.
*munch* *munch* *munch*
She ate single-mindedly.
Miki: "*munch* *munch*......you used......*munch*...... fresh vegetables, didn't you?"
Taichi: "Yep."
Miki: "I'm sorry for using that which was handy......"
Taichi: "You do need vegetables."
Miki: "That's true, but..."
Come to think of it, Youko-chan said she'd be back by lunch, but...
She's already here.
It was possible.
Behind me!
......she's not there.
Taichi: "But......what is going on with this world?"
Miki: "Munch?"
Taichi: "Everyone's gone, but it's not like there are any corpses around."
Taichi: "All the animals are gone too."
Taichi: "The fact that we're living like this...means that the microorganisms inside our bodies probably haven't died off, but......this was an awfully convenient annihilation."
Miki: "............"
No reaction.
Taichi: "Miki? Are you listening?"
Miki: "Ah, yes......the deliciousness made me forget myself......"
Taichi: "Are you a starving child?"
Miki: "Is it okay for me to have those vegetables?"
Taichi: "Go ahead, go ahead."
Miki: "It'd be so nice if I could eat vegetables and have a life that had nothing to do with constipation♪"
Taichi: "Feel some shame, girl......"
Though it's nice that she's being so familiar with me.
Miki: "So, what were you saying?"
Taichi: "I was following the mystery of humanity's annihilation."
Miki: "We were too late for it."
Taichi: "......I don't think so."
Miki: "You don't?"
Taichi: "Might we be in the midst of all of humanity being abducted?"
Miki: "......Sempai really is smart."
Taichi: "Hahaha, don't praise me so."
Taichi: "I see Miki-chin hasn't been discouraged."
Miki: "Ahaha, I'm just carefree."
Taichi: "May I ask what your adaptation coefficient was?"
Miki: "Just forty."
Taichi: "That's right on the cutoff line."
Miki: "It has no effect on social life."
Taichi: "Has it always been that small?"
Miki: "Yes, ever since I was a child."
Taichi: "I see, so that's why they sent you to Gunjou."
Miki: "......I was hurt a bit by other people, but that was back during my loli period."
Taichi: "Aaah, loliiii. Thaaat's niiice, loli. I want to meet you during that period."
Miki: "I have pictureeees."
Taichi: "......how much?"
Miki: "Y-you're making a really serious face......"
Taichi: "Because I seriously want them. How much?"
Miki: "......I...I'll think about it."
She was afraid.
For an instant.
Miki: "Come to think of it......didn't you......steal my lips?"
Her voice lowered.
Taichi: "Uu......yeah, about that incident. Well, the kick came with such marvelous timing...that I ended up in heat..."
Miki: "But it was my first kiss......"
Taichi: "I...did get that feeling."
Taichi: "Still, because you released such a precise attack, Miki, your hit even entered my heart."
Miki: "Uuuuuuuu..."
Miki cried, "Uuu...uuu," for a while.
Miki: "......I have no choice but to give up and accept that I was bitten by a dog......"
Taichi: "Th-that would be good."
Her face swung back up.
Miki: "That, or maybe I'll expose the contents of this camera."
Taichi: "Th-that's a disposable camera!!?"
Miki: "That's not the part to be surprised at......"
Taichi: "Yes, that's true. I was mistaken."
Taichi: "What did you take with it?"
Miki: "Sempai's elephant. I used all twenty four exposures."
Taichi: "What did you sayyy!!!?"
My embarrassing stalk...a stalk of shame!!
Miki: "Maybe I'll post it on a bulletin board...o-r, per-haps, I'll scatter them all over the place♪"
Taichi: "P-please stop. Anything but that..."
Miki: "Nnn, you did steal my first kiss...maybe I should expose it..."
Taichi: "Have mercy!"
Miki: "Will you listen to what I have to say?"
Taichi: "I'll listen I'll listen."
She rubbed her hands.
Miki: "Then I shall return one picture for each order you follow."
Taichi: "I, Kurosu Taichi, intend to obediently submit myself to your eroge-like demands."
Miki: "Hu! Hu! Huuu..."
Miki: "For now, harassing Kiri-chin is prohibiteeed."
Taichi: "Hahaaa!"
Miki: "Including sexual harassment with love."
Taichi: "Hahahahaaa!"
I lowered my head.
The master and servant have changed places.
For those reasons, we came to school.
I was made to carry Miki's stuff.
Taichi: "Now then, we've gotten here, but what should we..."
Miki: "Ah, I'm meeting up with Kiri here."
Taichi: "Got it."
I handed her the book bag.
Miki: "And then I'll get these developed."
She took out her camera and laughed invincibly.
Taichi: "......uuuu! I'm your love slave..."
Miki: "Now then, now then,"
She left with a light gait.
Now then......
In the end, there was nothing to do at school.
Should I go home?
But......is it okay to be so easygoing?
Even though the world is being annihilated?
Taichi: "......"
What should I do?
What can I do?
A grand mystery is nice, but there's no means to solve it.
Taichi: "......nn?"
What isn't there isn't there.
I'm guessing no comma here either then?
The hokora---
Nanaka and Youko-chan both spoke of it.
Hokora...
Since I'm bored, maybe it's worth going there.
Miki: "Taichi-sempai."
Taichi: "Nnoh? Miki?"
Kiri was there too.
With palpable animosity.
Taichi: "Kiri, you seem tired."
Kiri: "......whose fault is......haa."
She was exhausted.
Miki: "For you two, whose relationship is far too bad for the first day of the new term, this damned Miki has a plan."
Taichi: "It's not bad or anything."
Kiri: "It's bad."
She said clearly.
Taichi: "Hmmm......then, I guess it really is bad. What should we do?"
Miki: "Club activities."
Taichi: "Club? The thing Tomoki's doing?"
Miki: "No, President-sempai's club."
Taichi: "......aaah, that one."
Sunday night.
In a world with no trace of humanity, we made our plans.
I'll go see how she's---
People whose relationships have been cut off.
Was there no other path?
Within that, Tomoki planned to secure and supply food, and Mimi-sempai planned to use the antenna to send an SOS.
The conclusion of the campout had been tinged with disputes, and fatigued everyone.
Which is why no one supported those two.
To be honest, Sempai seems a bit neurotic these days.
The campout I forced on her became the final blow.
......there was a feeling of guilt within me.
On par with the mood that made it hard to talk to her.
Miki: "This is an order. Be friendly and perform club activities."
Taichi: "......understood."
Well, whatever. I had no objections.
Miki: "Kiri-chin too!"
She slapped her back.
Kiri: "I understand......"
I wonder if her weakness is also being clenched by Miki.
Miki: "If you don't listen to what I say......I'll hang up those pictures, right?"
Kiri: "Uuuuuu......anything but that......"
I knew it.
Taichi: "Umm, should we go to the roof and help out?"
Miki: "That's right. Calmly, without violence."
Taichi: "I'll do my best."
Kiri: "Bathroom......"
Miki: "Ah, hey."
Kiri entered the girls' bathroom.
Miki followed.
I also followed.
Miki: "......be sure not to enter casually."
I was pushed out.
Miki and I split up at the borderline between the bathroom and the hallway.
Miki: "You've gotten into a bad habit."
Miki: "Kiri-chin hides away when something she doesn't like happens."
Taichi: "Those emotional teenage years..."
Miki: "For those reasons, please go on ahead of me."
Taichi: "Yep."
Taichi: "Then I'll impart this to Miki."
She took it.
Miki: "This is...?"
Taichi: "A miniature screwdriver."
A tool the size of a fountain pen cut in half.
Taichi: "It's a lockpicking tool. It'll come in handy. It's small so it has no endurance, there's the possibility the plate will break when it aligns with the shear line. Be warned."
The "Plate" is the part that rotates so there's no way that would break. I'm guessing what was meant here was the "key pin" or the "driver pin" but really, I don't see either of those breaking.
Miki: "......why are you giving me such a thing?"
Taichi: "It's a hobby of mine. Once you're used to it, a normal lock shouldn't take thirty seconds."
Miki: "I see......because you have this skill......it doesn't matter where I hide......"
A small voice.
Taichi: "Eh? What?"
Miki: "Nothing. I'll borrow it for now, although I don't really need it......"
Miki: "By the way, are you good at lockpicking?"
Taichi: "I can do it unconsciously."
Miki: "This person......is bad......"
Taichi: "Then later will I see you."
I headed for the roof.
A faint smile.
I was controlled by a mischievous heart.
I softly approached her back,
And killed my presence.
Slowly, without making a sound.
Now, I wonder when she'll notice.
Maybe I'll make a sound right behind her.
One step. Two steps.
Kiri seemed unaffected.
If I wrapped my arms around her......it'd be my victory.
I could seal off all of Kiri's resistance.
I wouldn't take a minute to make her lose consciousness.
And then---
Taichi: "............"
That was sudden.
I became aware that I was being made to move by my own horrible animal passions.
This can't go on.
I'll hurt Kiri.
Taichi: "............"
I took a step back.
Without making a sound.
Further, and further, back to my original position.
Then, Kiri turned around.
She noticed me near the entrance and tensed up.
Taichi: "Heeey."
Kiri: "......Kurosu...sempai."
The atmosphere you get between two enemies drifted through the room.
Taichi: "Yes, yes, Kiri-chin's Kurosu-sempai."
Kiri: "......what do you want?"
Taichi: "Nothing."
She pointed to the entrance.
Kiri: "Please get out if you have no business with me."
Taichi: "Hello, Miss Innocence."
Her whole body stiffened.
Stress covered her back.
She slowly turned to face me.
In the midst of those slow movements, she barely took up an offensive posture.
When she turned around, her gaze was stern.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Kiri: "......what do you want?"
She spoke.
In the lowest possible voice.
Taichi: "I don't want anything, but---"
Kiri: "In that case,"
Kiri said, cutting off my words,
Kiri: "Go ahead and retire."
RETI shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "Actually I do have business here."
Kiri's eyes narrowed vexingly.
Taichi: "Is Miki-kun around here?"
Kiri: "......she isn't."
Taichi: "Did she come here?"
Kiri: "......she's not here."
She was in no mood for mulling over the details.
I shrugged again.
Taichi: "I've got nothing to go on then."
Kiri: "Yes, there's nothing."
I sat in a nearby chair.
Taichi: "Weeell, biology is serious. It's such a melancholic time. See, humanity's been annihilated."
Kiri: "......"
She stared at me.
She seemed on the lookout for my every move.
Taichi: "You know, Miss Innocence..."
Kiri: "Please don't call people such names."
Taichi: "You know, Kiri-chin..."
Kiri: "Please don't call me with such a friendly name."
Taichi: *sigh*
I shrugged for the third time.
Taichi: "I really do tease you a lot..."
Kiri: "......"
I stood up.
Kiri: "......!"
Her lookout strengthened.
She shivered.
Incredibly cute.
The sadistic Masoch that I am can find satisfaction in this character. 
Taichi: "Huhu......"
Kiri: "......?"
I laughed invincibly. Kiri hesitated.
She lowered her hips, taking a stance from which she could run at any moment.
I moved faintly, standing in front of a certain seat.
Taichi: "Wasn't this Kiri's seat?"
Kiri: "Please don't drop my honorific......"
Kiri: "......especially in your position."
It was like a knife.
Sticking right through me.
Taichi: "Sakura's seat."
With slow motions, I tried to sit down there.
Kiri: "Stop!"
She screamed at the end of her wits.
I froze in place.
Taichi: "Why not?"
Kiri: "......you'll defile it."
She seemed embarrassed about getting upset, and her voice lowered even further.
Taichi: "Hmmm. Then there's no choice."
I sat down.
Kiri: "Ah---"
Taichi: "Oooh, it's hot, really hot. I'm Oda Nobunaga..."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Silence?"
Kiri's shoulders were shaking.
Was it that mortifying?
She seemed to horribly dislike this.
Kiri: "What did you come here for?"
I smiled brightly.
Taichi: "For Miss Innocence's innocent chastity."
Kiri: "......please go back."
Taichi: "But I haven't done anything yet."
Kiri: "Do you plan on doing even more?"
Taichi: "What ever shall I do..."
I worried.
Touching glassware leaves fingerprints.
That sort of hesitation.
Taichi: "Fine, I'll go."
Kiri: "............"
She ignored me.
Either ignore, or knife.
Taichi: "Right after some small talk."
Kiri: "Please go back."
I shrugged. The fourth time.
Taichi: "Ah, you brought your school supplies."
I searched through Kiri's bag.
Taichi: "Today was just the opening ceremony. Ah-haaah, are you the type to bring all your schoolbooks on the first day and leave them here?"
Kiri: "Please don't look at that. Please don't touch my bag."
I shrugged. The fifth time.
I was shrugging my shoulders a lot.
This is Sakura Kiri after all.
The girl with the alias Miss Innocence.
Taichi: "Everything I do hurts you, doesn't it?"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Are you tired?"
Kiri: "Whose fault......is that......?"
Her voice was shaking. From rage.
She's always blunt, but with humanity's annihilation...
Kiri's quite disturbed, and the wall around her heart seemed to be weakening.
Taichi: "It might be my fault."
I chuckled.
I shrugged.
Shrugging at high speed certainly relaxes my shoulders, though the motion is comical.
Kiri: "......would you mind......getting out?"
She was desperately controlling her desire to become enraged.
Taichi: "......hahi."
I've made her too mad.
I'll walk away.
Taichi: "Ah, hey, can we eat lunch together?"
Kiri looked at me blankly.
Taichi: "......may I? Well, see you. Tell Kiri-chin that I hope to see her again."
I left the classroom.
Miki: "Sempai!"
Someone called me from behind.
Taichi: "Yo."
Taichi: "Done cleaning?"
Miki was surprised.
Miki: "I'm...impressed that you knew I was cleaning......"
Miki: "Did you see me?"
Crap.
Diary information. Top-secret.
Taichi: "......is there a reason to keep it secret?"
Miki: "Keep what secret?"
Taichi: "Ah, never mind, personal stuff."
No, I'll keep it to myself for a while.
I'm supposed to sexually harass her here.
......I'm quite active.
What should I do?
  ...Harass & Sign
  ...Dead or Alive
Okay, stay true to the original.
If memory serves......
As I walked down the hallway, Miki was doing some cleaning.
My hand shot like lightning, aimed at Miki's butt, yet I merely grazed her, failing to grasp her body.
Until now, Miki's always been sluggish and easy to touch.
This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!
But seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy.
The day she'll surpass her master draws near.
Hmph, to her butt like lightning?
Even so, I don't know the little details from that diary.
Taichi: "Teryaaa!"
An unenthusiastic shout.
Along with a hand extension.
Miki: "!!?"
Miki's eyes flashed.
*grab!*
Our four hands folded together.
Miki: "I...I am in the palace, I am in the palace......"
She had just barely enough strength to rival me.
Taichi: "Please understand that these fingers must graze that butt!"
Miki: "I do not understand such nonsense! This Miki cannot understand it!"
Taichi: "Be at ease. I need only graze, not actually grab."
Miki: "That makes no sense at all......"
Just barrreeelyyy...
Taichi: "This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!"
Since this is going nowhere, I abandoned my plans.
Miki: "......principal???"
Taichi: "Okay, I get it, I'll stop."
I untied my hands.
Miki: "Going mad as always I see."
She was on a subtle lookout for me.
I'd raised her into a girl with no openings.
Taichi: "You've improved."
Miki: "No, no."
Taichi: "I used to fondle that butt all the time, but now...it's not even something I can easily touch any more."
Miki: "No, no, no."
Taichi: "But, seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy. The day you'll surpass your master draws near."
Prepared text.
Miki: "You've been running off about weird stuff for a while now."
Taichi: "Don't worry about it. I just love the status quo."
Miki: "......haa."
She was fed up.
But she soon smiled.
Miki: "You really are the same."
Miki: "Even though all of this has happened..."
Taichi: "You can say that, but..."
Taichi: "There aren't any corpses. They just literally disappeared."
Taichi: "It doesn't feel real at all."
Miki: "That's true."
Taichi: "I don't see any dogs or cats, and even the cicadas aren't making any noise."
Taichi: "If all the microorganisms inside the human body disappeared, wouldn't that be bad?"
Miki: "Wouldn't they be fine inside our bodies?"
Taichi: "You're right."
Miki: "This situation seems to be very nice for us."
Taichi: "What do you mean?"
Miki: "Nnn."
Miki joined her hands as if praying, and brought them up to her chin while thinking.
It was cute.
Taichi: "That's a good habit."
Miki: "Thank you. I mean......maybe we're dreaming?"
Taichi: "The it-was-all-a-dream ending?"
That's rather depressing.
Miki: "That's awfully depressing."
Oooh, a comrade.
Taichi: "The fact that it doesn't feel very real certainly makes it dreamlike."
Taichi: "My prediction is this:"
Taichi: "...the FS Phenomenon!"
Miki: "......flying......sh...sh......sha......"
Miki: "Sherbet, is that it?"
Taichi: "Wrong."
Miki: "Flying......sha......sha..."
Miki: "Schale."
Taichi: "A flying petri dish. Regrettably, wrong."
Miki: "Flyingggg......sha......sha......"
Miki: "Sherlockian."
Taichi: "Holmes? The Japanese wrestling style bartitsu he knew is a martial art that even I admit was amazing."
Miki: "......that actually exists you know."
Taichi: "It and karade are the two greatest martial arts."
Miki: "Yet I've never heard of either."
Taichi: "Because they're meta-arts."
Miki: "???"
Taichi: "They can only defeat an opponent who has fulfilled specific requirements."
Miki: "......isn't that a useless art?"
Taichi: "If you investigate the game you can reach meta!"
I got excited.
Miki: "Is that how it works......?"
Taichi: "Specific opponents are absurdly strong."
Though many of them are life forms not found on Earth.
Taichi: "Miki's karade is also coming together."
Miki: "The way I've been hitting you all this time was some incomprehensible martial art called karade!?"
Taichi: "There was no need to say incomprehensible!"
Miki: "......I've received the joke."
Taichi: "Yes."
Miki: "Flying Shy..."
The conversation suddenly returned.
Taichi: "An embarrassed flying person. That'd be really funny as a painting."
Miki: "So in the end, what is the FS Phenomenon?"
Taichi: "Sorry, it was the SF Phenomenon. My mistake."
Miki: "........................"
After being completely and utterly fooled, she made an expression that was hard to figuratively describe.
Taichi: "It's a slightly mysterious phenomenon......"
Miki: "Ah, it's okay. I understood it at that moment."
Taichi: "......ah, really......?"
Miki: "Basically, you're saying that you don't know."
Taichi: "Science is powerless."
Taichi: "In which case, it's time for a signature."
Taichi: "The love prince stamp sign rally. I wonder how many Miki-Miki has collected?"
Miki: "Yes, I am Miki-Miki. It's been a while since I got a signature from you."
Taichi: "Not since summer break."
I took her notebook.
Her Matebook.
There's a lie going around that the 『Matebook』 got its name from the pleasure that the founding principal was said to receive from a famous soap opera.
Taichi: "......"
Her notebook was filled up with my graffiti.
I recorded a new signature on a blank page.
Taichi: "You'll get an amazing service after the twentieth."
Miki: "......and I'd bet it's some perverted prank."
Taichi: "Nn? Did you say something?"
Miki: "No."
Taichi: "Now, this should be it for the norm."
I betrayed myself.
This is a challenge against fate.
Taichi: "Miki, I hate the status quo."
Miki: "I see."
Taichi: "That's why, I'll fight."
Miki: "...you're serious."
That tension didn't matter.
Taichi: "Hmmm, I changed my mind."
That was truly the nondirectionality of whimsical puberty.
Taichi: "And now that I've said that, blasting switch!"
My fingers went around Miki's back to her bra hook!
*grab!*
Taichi: "Whaaat!?"
My fingers were intercepted by Miki's!
And she got her hand behind her while facing forward.
What reflexes! What flexibility! And my eyes did not overlook the tag attached to the flash of her bra visible through her sleeve.
Taichi: "Then I'll do this!"
Taichi: "Single-hook fishing!"
Single-hook fishing is a forbidden move in which you stick your hand into the crotch from behind and reel up the underwear into the air.
It was a midair shame game.
But!
Miki: "Nyomyouu."
My fishing hand was stuck when Miki clamped her thighs shut.
I couldn't pull it up like this.
Taichi: "You've blocked it!"
Her bare thighs felt great, but the battle plan was a failure.
Miki: "......is that all?"
Taichi: "Hawawa!"
Miki was giving off the aura of a shounen manga hero who'd gotten seven times stronger after a really short training session.
She's...strong!
Miki: "This time I'll make the first move."
Miki smoothly took on a new stance.
As if dancing.
Miki: "Sorry!"
I took up my stance.
But, Miki flew to my chest in an instant.
Her narrowed fingertips touched my kneecap, and slowly pushed outward.
Taichi: "Ahaaan!!?"
It tickled, and I couldn't stay standing.
Taichi: "Th-this move is!?"
Miki: "Huhuhu, your kneecap is a surprising erogenous zone."
Taichi: "That's too surprising!"
Still, that seriously tickled.
Taichi: "I have......been completely defeated."
Taichi: "......so that should be about it for the norm."
Miki: "......?"
Taichi: "Right, right, do you have enough to eat?"
Miki: "Yes. I'm perfectly fine."
Miki: "Though, my cooking is a bit, you know..."
A wry smile.
Taichi: "So your lunches have been canned food."
Miki: "Quite right: it's bread and cans."
Taichi: "......what an impoverished lunch."
I think I've seen it used in that exact context before. Honestly though, I've never even heard of the phrase "hard-up"
Miki: "Tahaha."
  -Give her a sandwich
  -Don't give her one
Taichi: "There's no choice, I'll give you this."
I took out a wrapped sandwich from my Taichi Bag.
Miki: "What's this?"
Taichi: "It has been said in myths that this was eaten between sand and a witch......"
Miki: "A sandwich?"
She got the jump on me.
Taichi: "Uguu, that's right!"
Miki: "You're mad......"
Taichi: "Take it!"
Miki: "Eh!? Is that okay? What about Sempai's lunch?"
Taichi: "I can procure any amount."
Taichi: "......there's enough for two, so eat it with Kiri-chin."
Miki: "I'm thankful and all......but..."
Taichi: "......when you asked her earlier, she declined."
Miki: "Whoa, even after humanity goes extinct you're still bothering Kiri-chin......"
Miki was shaking.
Taichi: "I am not one to change due to humanity's annihilation."
I informed her in the tone of a monologue.
Miki: "A young man indeed......"
Taichi: "I'm a young adult candidate. Don't make that mistake."
Miki: "I don't get the difference."
Taichi: "Young adults are those most manly of men among those who know both bitter and sweet. In other words, the ideal adult I aim to become."
Taichi: "Work so as to be admired by subordinates, a super elite who daunts even his superiors. And then on the weekend he has a beach adventure where he forgets about the fighting in town, then silently reads a Byron anthology in his study at night while sipping cognac."
Miki: "......so you had delusions of, not only girls, but your future self as well."
Taichi: "Do not compliment me so much, Mikkii."
Miki: "I am Mikkii. I'm not complimenting you."
Taichi: "Well, for now I'm still a candidate, just a bud."
Taichi: "When the flower blooms, even Kiri-chin will......"
Miki: "Ugly ducklings usually stay ugly as adults♪"
She said smiling.
Taichi: "How cruel!!"
I fell down in tears.
Taichi: "Even though I need Miki to live!"
Miki: "There, there, please don't cry♪"
Taichi: "......anyway, go and make Kiri-chin eat that sandwich by saying it was handmade by Mikkii."
Miki: "......umm, there's something about being told to do that right after receiving it..."
Miki: "You didn't put an aphrodisiac in here, did you?"
Taichi: "........................"
She mistrusted me so much it felt good.
Hmmm.
Well, Youko-chan did make them for me.
......I should eat them by myself.
Or I'd really feel sorry for her.
Miki: "I should get going soon."
Taichi: "Okay."
Miki: "Ah, that's right."
As Miki walked away, she turned around.
Miki: "Did you know Mimi-sempai said she's reopening the club?"
Taichi: "Oooh."
The one with the antenna.
I have to pretend I don't know.
Taichi: "That's different from the...not the Active Peace Maintenance......uhhh, from the Active Life Maintenance Club Tomoki's doing?"
Miki: "Yeah, it's the Broadcasting Club......you know, like a radio station."
Taichi: "Yeah......the one using some kind of community FM channel?"
Miki: "It is."
Taichi: "Didn't a lot of stuff happen to cancel it?"
Miki: "I think she's been constructing the antenna."
Taichi: "Uwa, that's dangerous."
Not just because it'd been left unfinished before.
Miki: "She was swaying around on her stepladder."
Taichi: "Swaying......"
Miki: "It seemed at least that dangerous."
Taichi: "......aaah, so it was a joke after all."
Miki: "It must be."
We looked at each other and laughed weakly.
Miki: "Let's both do our best to live."
Taichi: "Indeed."
Miki: "I'm cute after all."
Miki: "See you."
Miki threw up one hand as she left.
Taichi: "Still, the club..."
For lunch, I found that I did want to eat here after all.
Sakuraba: "Yo, Taichi."
It was Curry Bread Sakuraba.
He really likes the super hot curry bread here.
Taichi: "Humanity is annihilated, yet you're still eating curry bread."
Sakuraba: "......you want it?"
Taichi: "Don't need it."
Sakuraba: "If I eat through all of this, that'll be the end of it."
His expression clouded.
Behind him, cases filled with bread were stacked up in a tower.
Taichi: "......when were these delivered?"
Sakuraba: "Wasn't it yesterday?"
Yesterday.
For at least half the day they were selling bread.
This place basically functions as a dining hall, weekends and holidays aside.
Even during the opening ceremony bread was being delivered.
That's right.
In other words, until yesterday, the world was being properly maintained.
Taichi: "Even so, there's not much."
The number of cases wasn't even a tenth of the usual.
Sakuraba: "The opening ceremony was only a half day."
Taichi: "Even so......it's not much."
Sakuraba: "Also, I don't think that humanity was annihilated."
Taichi: "What did you say?"
Sakuraba: "I predict that all the townsfolk are playing hide and seek."
Taichi: "That's a delusion."
Taichi: "And don't use the word 'predict.' Isn't that a theory you just thought up?"
Sakuraba: "Hu!......you're so harsh."
Taichi: "Don't make that satisfied smile."
Sakuraba: "That's why it doesn't bother me."
Sakuraba: "Everyone should come back after some time passes. That's my calculation at least."
Taichi: "............I may be carefree too, but you're carefree down to the cellular level, aren't you?"
Sakuraba: "Hu."
Why is this guy in the same place as all these wounded boys and girls?
I seriously worried about that.
Sakuraba held a piece of curry bread out to me.
Sakuraba: "Eat."
Taichi: "I don't want it!"
I shot him down.
In the end, there was nothing to do at school.
Should I go home?
But......is it okay to be so easygoing?
After Sunday, the world will roll back again.
Taichi: "......"
What should I do?
What can I do?
I wonder what Youko-chan thought when she first found out.
With what feelings did she leave that memo there?
I was depressed.
However I live in this unpopulated, bare world,
Everything will be redone.
Even if I work hard at the club, even if I procure food, even if I flee...
One week.
With that in mind, I went over it again.
Even if I live to the fullest---
......is there any meaning in that?
Empty thoughts.
I squatted down in the hallway.
Taichi: "......"
Maybe this world is ideal for me.
A world where mortal wounds aren't mortal.
Back to normal in a week.
Whoever I hurt, whoever I depend on,
Reset.
I'll get close to Touko, then Mimi-sempai next,
Then Kiri,
Then Miki,
Then Youko-chan if I feel like it,
Then Sakuraba,
YES
......not him.
My eyes went numb.
My eyes have abnormalities.
It doesn't impede my daily life, but every so often the world starts to look strange.
Taichi: "Why......is it just me...?"
My heart was exhausted, and for a while, I couldn't move.
I pushed the door open.
There was resistance.
It was being pushed from the other side.
Pushed strongly.
On the far side of the door there was a little turbulence.
It was the wind.
The antenna.
It was taking shape.
A lot of tuning was needed, for directionality and wavelength and so on.
But, I don't have that knowledge.
Sempai wasn't an expert, but I think she'd studied it.
That Sempai......wasn't here.
Tools.
Stepladder.
Books.
An empty bag of bread blown around by the wind.
Only traces of her work were left.
So I guess she's not working twenty four hours a day.
I looked up at the antenna.
A tall structure, open to its surroundings.
Apparently you need just the right environment to send out EM waves.
It's a strictly local radio broadcast called community FM.
That's not a low enough goal for a school club to aim for.
But,
The favorable location, the history of Gunjou Institute, and the goodwill of interested local people.
Those things tied together into this.
The preparations still continued, but due to a certain incident with loose ends, it had become rather indefinite.
The antenna was delivered, but then left alone for a year.
Those were the circumstances.
Most likely, the items requested for Gunjou FM were filled with hopes and dreams for healthy young boys and girls.
Sorry, but Gunjou is no such thing.
You could say the result was all right.
Misato-sempai plans to send an SOS.
She said that on Sunday night.
After we split up and confirmed that humanity had disappeared.
Since the antenna has some altitude, an attempt to complete it so we can send a dispatch...... was certainly lacking in a sense of realism.
Honestly, I thought Sempai was falling apart.
Fleeing makes people weaker.
And Sempai was weak enough to begin with.
Misato: "Peke-kun?"
Behind me.
I turned to face her.
Taichi: "Hello there, Sempai."
Misato: "Hello there......ummm, what's going on?"
Taichi: "I came to see how things were going."
Sempai smiled softly.
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "I haven't come here for a while, but it's quite a ways along."
Misato: "I've been doing bits and pieces of it for a long time."
Yes,
After the Broadcasting Club broke down naturally,
Sempai's done everything on her own.
The lunch break DJ.
Various broadcasts.
Everything.
No one helps her anymore.
Kiri started being hostile toward me,
Tomoki started avoiding his sister,
Miki started smiling nervously,
Touko started ignoring me,
Splendid rubble.
Only Sakuraba didn't change.
As always, he never showed up.
Although I hung around Sempai despite all that,
She refused my help.
Taichi: "......is that so?"
Misato: "Even so, I was really surprised."
Taichi: "I'd bet."
Misato: "For all the people to go away at once..."
Taichi: "It's quiet."
Misato: "Very very quiet."
Taichi: "Where were you?"
Misato: "I'd just......gotten a bit hungry."
Taichi: "It's midday. Were you able to find any good food?"
Misato: "Yeah, I returned to my house. Getting food isn't especially inconvenient."
Taichi: "Aaah, you cut school, the prez was cutting."
Misato: "Th-that's not it! That's not cutting!"
She became worried.
Sempai values the rules highly.
Taichi: "Suspension, that's suspension."
Misato: "I don't want suspension, there'll be a mark on my record..."
Taichi: "Suspension! Suspension!"
Misato: "I can't be suspended..."
We frolicked together.
This was the shortest distance between any of us right now.
Taichi: "Hmm?"
There was a note left on top of the table.
『There might be dinner.』
Taichi: "Yaaay, I'm going, I'm going!"
I didn't have to make it myself.
I took three minutes to change, then went to her house without delay.
Dinner was quite delicious.
I lit the candle.
I can't use electric lighting.
And even for me, it'd be hard to read or write in the dark.
The solitary glimmer shone upon the inside of the room.
I liked candles.
The raw flame captivated me.
The wavering flame captured my soul as I watched it, allowing me to doze on forever and ever.
I once burnt my bangs doing that.
That was just three minutes ago.
Taichi: "......it burnt......damn it."
I wanted to cry.
But now for my diary.
I opened up the bulky notebook.
Records are precious.
Because the only thing to be certain of is that we'll be rolled back again at the end.
So, when I went home,
Taichi: *sigh*
No one was there.
Mutsumi-san wasn't there.
On days when I came back early, she'd warmly come and greet me.
Make dinner for me.
She liked having the table full of cooked food.
Masculine food.
Must have been because of her job.
It was luxurious, and powerful.
She told jokes along with me.
She was a good person.
But now, the top of the table is void and flat.
There was no cooked food steaming.
Taichi: "......I'm hungry."
I'd brought some cup ramen from the Tasaki Shop.
Should I eat it?
Uuo, I can't use the hot plate.
There's some space in the garden used for parties, and I could boil it there, but...
Taichi: "Too much trouble."
I ate it as it was.
*crunch* *crunch* (noodles)
*gulp* *gulp* (water)
*crunch* *crunch* *crunch* (noodles)
*gulp* *gulp* *gulp* (water)
*crunch* *crunch* *crunch* *crunch* (noodles)
*crack!*......(dried menma)
Taichi: "......it has become void."
Am I truly eating?
Having humanity annihilated really is tough.
They were convenient in a lot of ways.
I lit the candle.
I decided to write in my diary.
Like Hemingway, somehow.
I looked for a university notebook to use as a diary, but there wasn't one anywhere.
Taichi: "Nn?"
I was sure I'd bought several...
Taichi: "Nnn..."
Inside the safe?
I may as well check.
My safe was meant to store erotic books.
It's a fireproof safe, so even if something happens to the house, at least my Eros will be preserved.
I opened the safe to see what was inside.
........................
Thirty minutes later, I closed the safe.
There were no notebooks in there.
Taichi: *sigh*...
No good, I lost a lot of time there.
Seriously......when it comes to the contents of that safe......huhuhu.
Damn those small pink sinful spaces.
Now then, where did the notebooks go? I have no idea.
Memory loss?
Taichi: "It's okay, my memory's been polished like a main character......ah, that's right."
The notebooks I got from Youko-chan.
The best possible timing.
......she's got a god on her side or something.
I tore off the crinkly shrink wrap.
Now then, to write...
Taichi: "......"
I have no pen.
I don't see it.
Taichi: "Inside the safe?"
I opened the safe once again, looking for the pen.
........................
Forty-five minutes later, I closed the safe.
There was no pen.
There was love.
Taichi: ......*siiigh*...
Even though I started early, these repeated battles have robbed it of all meaning♪
Damn dream box of boyish temptations!
The pen had fallen to the side of my desk.
I wrote my diary.
At one point, I needed a dictionary.
By the way, there was no dictionary.
Taichi: "......"
I opened the safe.
........................
An hour and twenty seven minutes later, I closed the safe.
Taichi: "......fu."
I'm making too much of a hassle out of this.
The Ultimate Hug Pillow (product name) just felt way too good.
It's already past ten.
Taichi: "Uuoo!!?"
My extra-large candle had already gone out.
Crap, I allotted too much time for despondency.
That's why joke items like hug pillows are......
But, I must write my diary.
I lit a new candle and faced the notebook.
I opened my eyes.
Sunlight pierced through the window.
I must have slept soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time is......seven o'clock.
There's no need to go to school.
My body moved anyway.
Breakfast hadn't been prepared.
Obviously.
Mutsumi-oba-san made being beautiful her career. She was also a great cook. But she was no longer here.
She'd taken me in.
And made a peaceful deal with Youko-chan......
I had plenty to be thankful for.
But before I could fulfill my filial duty, she'd disappeared.
Two paper bags had been left on the table.
The contents......sandwiches.
Youko-chan?
One bag was a single portion, and the other, a double.
One for breakfast and the other for lunch.
The one for lunch had a double portion.
That side of her seemed cute.
She's not at all used to wooing people.
Because she's the type who can support herself alone.
Even around me, an acquaintance of hers for ten years, she was awkward.
She'd be simply perfect if she just tried.
Taichi: "......time to eat."
Even so,
I put my hands together, toward the house in the East.
I met Yuusa-chan a lot on this road.
She really got attached to me.
She was a ticklish existence.
As much as I could, I was making great efforts.
Yuusa-chan's existence healed me well.
But now, she's not here.
Sakuraba: "Yo."
It was Sakuraba.
Taichi: "Yo."
Sakuraba: "I'm hungry."
Taichi: "You're not eating?"
Sakuraba: "I'm preparing for first period class."
Taichi: "......is eating curry bread your class?"
Sakuraba: "Until the day curry bread is no more."
Sakuraba decided coolly.
Taichi: "Can't you just eat instant curry?"
Sakuraba: "I hate curry."
Taichi: "........................"
This guy really is......an enigma......
Why did he go out of his way to come here?
It's not like his adaptation coefficient forced him.
He must've pressured them with his father's 'resources'......
Taichi: "Meaningless."
Sakuraba: "Nn?"
Taichi: "I just comprehended how meaningless your existence is."
Sakuraba: "What?......Pops used to say that I was the world itself you know?"
Taichi: "Your 'pops' was far too coddling!"
Sakuraba: "A mysterious way to put it......"
Taichi: "Combat's disappearance will be mourned."
Sakuraba: "Hu......thanks to that, I can go to school in peace."
Taichi: "Put more effort into things. Buy some effort with that money of yours. Then, after making an effort, take some damage for once."
Sakuraba: "A distressing order."
Sakuraba and I walked to school.
Then,
Sakuraba: *hekkusu!!*
Taichi: "A hexagon!?"
Sakuraba: "*sniffle*......a summer cold?"
It was a sneeze.
Sakuraba: "Muu."
Sakuraba's eyes filled with slight surprise over what he was gazing at.
A bridge had been built between me and Sakuraba.
One end on my uniform, right around the stomach.
The other end was Raba's nose.
In other words,
Sakuraba: "Hu!......"
He laughed invincibly.
A bridge of mucus.
That high viscosity fluid,
streeeeetched
into a suspension bridge.
This is my reasoning:
At the moment of the sneeze, a mucus bullet fired faster than the Shinkansen (that's true) hit my uniform.
The boy who formed a bullet from that strongly adherent fluid tried to suck it back into his nostrils, and instead of snapping as one would expect, the junction was lucky enough to hold together and form a bridge.
Sakuraba: "............"
He finally seems to have understood his situation.
He made a refreshed face.
He didn't move at all.
Right now, he's probably thinking about how refreshed his nose must feel now......or something like that. I'd bet money on that.
Taichi: "Hey......mucus guy."
I conferred an infantile nickname upon him.
Sakuraba: "Nnaaa?"
Does this result from the utmost laxity?
Sakuraba was bouncing.
You-!
I have to plant some new traumas on this brat.
He needs to come a little closer to being a Gunjou kid.
My Atlantean blood boiled.
I calmly took out my handkerchief, faster than Sakuraba could react.
First, I covered Sakuraba's nose with it.
Sakuraba: "......uyu?"
He gave off a damned disgusting moe voice.
After severing the base, I alternated several times between wiping his nose and folding my handkerchief.
Then I retrieved the mucus bridge and lightly wiped my own uniform.
Then I returned the handkerchief to my pocket. At least, I tried to, before shoving it in Sakuraba's face.
Sakuraba: "Oooooooooo!!?"
Taichi: "Nnn?"
Sakuraba: "Isn't......that......a little......dirty?"
Taichi: "It's fine."
I smiled cheerfully.
Taichi: "Since it's you."
I rubbed it into him.
Sakuraba: "Ou-ou-ou-ou."
Rub, rub, rub, rub.
Sakuraba: "Ou-ou-ou-ou."
You could call it a scene from hell.
Taichi: "This isn't a handkerchief that someone as cute as me can use right after getting into bed crying."
I informed him in a blackish tone of voice.
Sakuraba: "......!!!!"
Sakuraba's body shook.
The sensation of a viscous fluid must've shorted out his brain.
With the handkerchief stuck to his face, he fell to the ground.
Taichi: "Sneezing hexagonally is fine, but you should be careful about summer colds, Sakuraba-kun."
I ground his head into the pavement with my foot, then started walking again.
Taichi: "Seriously......"
Sakuraba: "I was able to make another memory with you."
He walked beside me calmly.
Taichi: "Take a little damage!!"
I'd won Sakuraba's friendship with a single handkerchief.
Kiri was standing in the hallway.
Taichi: "Kiri-chin......"
She glared at me.
I glared back, unyielding.
*bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam!!!* (Psychological Effect)
Any reason why it's "Psychological Effect" instead of something like "psychological effects"?
A repartee of gazes.
Our pressurized animosities clashed and swirled at midpoint.
Damn you little girl!!!
My hand entered my breast pocket.
Telling her I was going to pull out a weapon.
Actually I just needed to scratch my nipple.
Kiri: "......!!!"
Kiri watched me oversensitively.
And slipped her hand in her pocket.
She also has a weapon!!
Taichi: "Ku."
With my hand still in my pocket, I further increased my eye strength.
*crackle* *crackle* *crackle* *crackle* *crackle!!!!!*
She didn't take her hand out of her pocket either.
Deadlock.
Quick & Draw.
Whoever moved first would be killed.
Then into that came Miki, wiping her hands on her way out of the bathroom.
Miki: "Waaaaan! It became a battlefield while I was in the bathroom---!!!"
Taichi: "I'll save you, Miki!"
Miki: "Someone decided that I'm being imprisoned......"
Kiri: "Back up, Miki."
Miki: "No, I mean......"
Kiri lowered her hips.
Taichi: "......hu!"
I relaxed my shoulders.
I took out my hand.
Kiri: "......!"
An empty hand.
I showed her my defenseless state.
Taichi: "The bluffs end here, Kiri-chin."
Taichi: "I'm not armed. I say, you too must stop these meaningless acts of bravado."
I'm endlessly cool when I start a line with 'I say.'
My alias as a pure love aristocrat isn't just for show.
Kiri: "............"
Kiri took out her hand.
She was gripping a crossbow.
Taichi: "......wha?"
Buckmaster's Mark Point Crossbooooooooow!!
Taichi: "Wait-wait-wait-wait."
Taichi: "That's just too weird! There's no way something so big could fit in your pocket!"
Kiri: "............"
She held the crossbow up silently.
I could tell that, on the other side of the scope, Kiri was aiming for my heart.
I felt a keen gaze.
Taichi: "You're aiming at the heart the Tin Man wanted so badly!!?"
Kiri: "Please don't move. I'll shoot."
Miki: "Awawawa!"
Miki-Miki lost her head as well.
Taichi: "Surrender! Surrender!"
I raised both hands.
Kiri: "Ah, it got easier to aim......"
She reestablished her aim.
Taichi: "Nooo! Nooo! Stooop!"
I shook my head violently.
I felt like crying.
Actually I was crying.
Miki: "Kiri-chin, Kiri-chin! This is bad, you'll get arrested!"
Kiri: "The police are gone."
Miki: "Ah! That's right."
Miki: "Poeee......"
She went quiet.
Taichi: "Don't agree with that!"
Kiri: "Get on your knees, with your hands behind your head."
Taichi: "Yes..."
I obeyed.
Kiri: "......what to do next..."
She whispered with Miki.
I could hear it.
Miki: "Disarmament?"
Kiri: "He doesn't seem to be carrying anything."
Miki: "......"
Thinking.
Miki: "Then, how about this?"
Whispering.
Kiri: "......understood."
Kiri nodded.
She looks cool, but she's really stuck fast to Miki.
And she'll do whatever she says.
That's my way out.
Since it's Miki-Miki, there's no mistake she'll let me escape because of all the long years that I've loved her.
Kiri: "Please crawl around on the floor like a dog."
Taichi: "Miki-Mikiiii!!!"
Miki: "Heheheh."
An evil smile.
I'm being punished for my sexual harassment.
Kiri: "Hurry up."
Taichi: "Gu...guu......"
There's no stopping her.
I crawled around on the floor.
Taichi: "......woof."
Miki: "I couldn't feel your motivation. Retake."
Taichi: "Gyaaa!!"
A final coating of shame.
I guess it's a basic tenant of torture...
But having it done to me is rough.
Kiri: "Retake, Sempai."
Taichi: "Woof, woof-woof-woof!"
Taichi: "How can you complain about that!?"
Miki: "Who told you to woof four times?"
Taichi: "Hey!"
Kiri: "Did someone tell you to woof four times?"
Taichi: "Okay, I get it. Now, which of your shoes should I lick? Nn?"
Miki: "Lick?"
Taichi: "Please let me lick them, Hime-kun."
I touched my forehead to the floor.
Miki: "No thanks, they'd get dirty."
Taichi: "Oh-hey!"
Miki: "......now...next up is a nude show♪"
Miki has...Miki has become a demon!!
Miki: "Strip from the bottom."
Taichi: "Noooo, not my bodyyyy!"
Miki: "Life or chastity, which is more precious to you, Sempai?"
Miki had awakened to the perks of the strong.
Taichi: "Hiiiin!"
I was down to one layer of panties.
I tried going to the roof.
The time was past ten o'clock.
Well......it's not like we have classes.
I just wanted to come into contact with the school somehow.
I just wanted a taste of our empty daily lives.
Like a mental stabilizer---
There was no one on the roof......
Taichi: "Nn?"
But that's wrong.
Club......is that what this is?
I looked up at the antenna.
People disappear from the world,
And we were individuals, unable to unite.
Though even if we had united, it wouldn't change our powerlessness.
......along with our individual problems, this heavy situation made our hearts screech.
Taichi: "............"
Maybe direct sunlight is dangerous?
Alarm clocks rolled around me.
They must be Sempai's.
Their alarms were set five minutes from now.
These should wake her up.
Mimi-sempai isn't the type to oversleep.
I faced the stairs while curling my fingers around the wire netting which protected against falls and suicides.
Taichi: "Nn?"
In one area, the wires were fragile.
I pushed against them lightly, and they fell apart.
If I put my body weight onto it, I'd fall.
Taichi: "Dangerous..."
This is a major administrative problem, since there are many at Gunjou living in their own fantasies.
Taichi: "......"
Well, it should be fine with the current members.
None of us are obstructed from living our daily lives.
I slowly faced the stairs.
I opened the door.
Behind me were alarm clocks, and,
Misato: "Nnah!?"
I heard Sempai's strange voice.
I smiled a little, and closed the door behind me.
Now then,
  -Try going to the second year classroom
  -Try going to the club room
Touko was there in the classroom.
She was sleeping with her head on the desk.
How long had she been sitting here?
Not running away to a club like Tomoki or Mimi-sempai,
Not having days of relief like me,
She doesn't even have an iron wall of ego like Youko-chan.
Touko might not have a place to run to.
That's......no different from before.
Even in the world before humanity's annihilation.
Touko was alone.
She'd always lived by showing a brave front.
So after falling apart once, she was fragile.
I approached her and spoke.
Taichi: "Touko."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "Touuuuko."
Touko: "......uuun..."
She budged.
But didn't wake up.
Taichi: "Wanna eat a sandwich?"
Touko: "......I have no appetite......"
She soon went back to sleep.
Taichi: "I see."
She's worn out, physically and emotionally.
Is she really eating properly?
I took some candies out from my pocket and let them roll around on her desk.
The club room.
I thought Tomoki might be here, but it was empty.
I'm sure he's working hard with his 『Club Activities』.
Which would mean that he's somewhere in town right about now.
Based on the notebooks, this world will only continue for a week, so his efforts will be in vain.
But, I couldn't get in the state of mind to tell him that.
Because I felt that the meanings behind Tomoki's club and Sempai's club were somehow different.
The club room.
I thought Tomoki might be here, but it was empty.
I'm sure he's working hard with his 『Club Activities』.
Which would mean that he's somewhere in town right about now.
Taichi: "......it's quiet."
When I'm alone, I can tell.
Just by lacking people, things quiet down this much.
The atmosphere was transparent, and space felt vast.
Tranquil.
The bustle was eternally lost.
In that case,
  -Try going to the first year classroom
  -Try going to the health room
They're not here......
The Flowers seem to be moving around a lot.
Those two seem to be very active, but I don't know why.
It wasn't touched on by the notebooks.
They might not be in the school anymore.
I left the uninhabited space.
Sakuraba was there.
He'd been sleeping in one of the beds.
He was fast asleep, with his stomach sticking out.
Sakuraba: "......guooo."
He's snoring.
Taichi: "Sakuraba?"
Sakuraba: "What is it?"
Now he's back to normal.
Taichi: "Are you not feeling well?"
Sakuraba: "I ate too much curry bread."
So......he's awake?
But his eyes are closed...
Sakuraba: "I ate four portions of curry bread."
Taichi: "Are you a moron?"
Sakuraba: "I should have earned most of the points."
Taichi: "No, this place doesn't have a point system."
Sakuraba: "That's trivial. It doesn't bother me."
Taichi: "Be bothered by it."
Sakuraba: "I can't eat anything else."
Taichi: "So I would think......"
Taichi: "Although I have these sandwiches."
Sakuraba: "Guooo."
He'd been sleeping.
Maybe everything he said was just sleeptalking?
Taichi: "Friendship desires-"
Sakuraba: "Nothing."
He gave a thumbs up.
Sakuraba: "Guooo."
Taichi: "Does this guy have no worries at all......?"
He is to be feared.
At some point, it became midday.
After all, with only eight people, we don't bump into each other much.
Youko-chan's sandwiches.
There were a few too many.
Taichi: "No helping it, I'll eat them alone......"
I can eat them somehow. I'm having a growth spurt.
All the hairs on my back stood up abruptly.
As if I was being targeted from behind by a soldier with a machine gun.
Taichi: "Yo-Youko-chan......"
Youko: "............"
She stood there.
She only stood there.
Her usual approach.
Perhaps because her presence had such a keen structure, I could never get used to it.
Taichi: "Sudden as always."
Youko: "............"
I pinched her nose.
Taichi: "Speak."
Youko: "Du you meed anyfing frum mi?"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
I thought.
Taichi: "Nothing in particular."
Youko: "............"
When I released my hand, she ran two meters away and stood there.
Taichi: "Even so, it's hard to eat a double portion by myself."
I opened the paper bag and put a sandwich in my mouth.
Youko: "........................"
Under that noh mask of a face, just what complications were developing?
After a while, her shoulders fell slightly.
Dejectedly.
Youko: "......I moved out of my apartment."
Taichi: "Eh? Why?"
Youko: "I'm going back."
Taichi: "To my place?"
Nod.
Taichi: "......no."
I told her it would be useless.
Youko: "......why not?"
Taichi: "I can't calm down."
Youko: "There's no one here anymore......I think it's fine if we live together just as before......"
Taichi: "I think it's fine to live free and easy by myself."
Our opinions split.
She made a face as if chewing a bitter insect. (Youko-chan's version/largely expressionless)
Youko: "......Taichi is always hard on me."
Taichi: "You're too overprotective."
Youko: "I think I'm only doing the obvious thing."
That might be the case, but,
Taichi: "Anyway, no. I enjoy living alone to the fullest extent."
Youko: "............I see."
Dejected.
I ate a sandwich while that girl, absorbed in a rhythm of dejection, stood in the corner of my eye.  
Youko: "......"
I was being stared at.
Youko: "............"
I continued to be stared at.
Youko: "........................"
It was seen through.
The sound of Youko-chan's stomach.
Taichi: "......lunch?"
Youko: "I haven't eaten."
Taichi: "Must be rough."
Youko: "Not long ago, I heard you say, 'No helping it, I'll eat them alone...'"
Taichi: "I said that."
*munch* *munch* *munch* *munch*
Taichi: "I truly am doing that right now."
Youko: "......even though there are two people here."
Taichi: "What was that? I can't hear you very well?"
Youko: "......Taichi immediately harasses me......"
Taichi: "These are delicious."
*munch* *munch* *munch* *munch*
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "These are really delicious."
*munch* *munch* *munch* *munch*
Youko: "......"
The two of us stayed in that unpopular hallway. My chewing, Youko-chan's stomach bug and the sound of me taking sandwiches out of the plastic bag. It was all in complete harmony.
An incomprehensible stress swelled up.
  -Let her eat
  -Eat
Taichi: "Munch, munch............ha!!?"
Taichi: "Youko-chan, could it be...you're hungry?"
She nodded twice.
Taichi: "You wanna eat?"
She nodded twice.
Taichi: "Then come over here. I'll let you eat some."
She approached with a single long stride.
She'd moved away to avoid being harassed by me, but now she's at point blank distance.
Taichi: "Say, 'aaah.'"
She opened her mouth.
I pushed in several sandwiches.
She pulled back the moment before I closed her mouth, and ate them herself.
Taichi: "Tasty, tasty."
Youko: "................................................"
Taichi: "Sorry, sorry. It was a joke."
Taichi: "Okay, this time for real. Say, 'aaah.'"
The same thing was repeated.
Taichi: "Tasty, tasty."
Youko: "................................................. ..............................................."
I felt pressure.
Taichi: "That was a lie. This time I'll do it right."
Taichi: "Come on, here you go."
I held it out to my left.
Youko: "Ah......"
Youko-chan moved, aiming at the sandwich.
I moved my hand in the opposite direction without delay.
Youko: "Ah......"
She moved in the opposite direction.
This repeated for six round trips.
Youko: "......fine, I'll go home and lock myself away."
Taichi: "It's just a joke."
*munch* *munch* *munch*
*munch* *munch* *munch* *munch*
Taichi: "Haa, that was tasty."
I'd flattened them all.
Youko: "......Taichi, you're undutiful to your sister......"
Taichi: "Nn? Did you say something? I couldn't hear you that well, so..."
Youko: "......it was nothing."
Taichi: "Here."
I handed her the paper bag itself.
Though she's a person who could procure any amount of foodstuffs by her own strength.
Youko: "Nn......"
She started eating.
Taichi: "Well, see you."
I started walking.
Youko: "......"
*chew* *chew* *chew*
She's following me while eating......
There, I decided to harass her.
Taichi: "Ah, Youko-chan, one moment."
I called her to me.
I held her head and pushed down on her hair.
Youko: "Uu, uuu! You can't......no......I'll surrender......"
Taichi: "Aren't you healthiness incarnate."
I grabbed her closer.
Youko: "Uuu, don't push......on my hair......the top feels weird......"
Her body wriggled.
I won't let her go.
Taichi: "Uriuri."
Youko: "I surrender, I surrender."
Midday ended, and I stopped harassing her.
As usual, Mutsumi-oba-san wasn't here.
Which was obvious.
Since she died.
No...did she die?
The theory that all of humanity is playing hide and seek is still standing.
It's an absurd enough theory to make one ask whether the better part of my brain was cracked, but I had no basis on which to deny it.
To sacrifice industry, energy and media just to play hide and seek...humanity truly is broken.
We're saying that they were annihilated, but actually they disappeared.
That aside, the kind Mutsumi-oba-san won't come out.
I couldn't feel any sense of family from this house.
It was thin to begin with, but it was completely gone now.
I peeked into the bathroom.
Three tomatoes were floating in a washtub filled with water.
Taichi: "Tomatoes."
I was surprised.
I didn't put them in there.
I ate them right away.
Fresh tomatoes.
I put them all in my mouth, and broke through them at once.
Delicious enough to stretch my cheeks.
Anyway, there's no food in this house.
Mutsumi-san would always buy them off-the-shelf on the way home from work.
So there were few opportunities to cook, and no standing ingredients to do it with.
Though I have a feeling there were some potatoes......
I saw a note left on the table.
『There isn't not dinner.』
Youko-chan?
She's trying to reel me in with food.
Plainly.
If she thought about it calmly, she'd know whether it would work on me or not.
Taichi: "Off I go."
There was no question that I was going.
I lit the candle.
I wrote in the diary.
I wrote in detail.
For next week---
I returned to a house with nothing and no one.
I heard no insectoid timbre.
I lit the candle.
There's nothing in particular to do.
I wrote in the diary.
I wrote in detail.
It's nice to have something to do.
Wednesday.
Newton bursts out laughing as I obey the laws of inertia by going to school.
I walked over the hills.
The gradients are always tough.
My walking slows down.
I finally came to a flat place.
Taichi: "......!"
Roasted by a hunch, my consciousness heated up. 
My body moved faster than my rationality.
I turned around!
Taichi: "............not here?"
But I felt someone's presence.
That's it......it's Nanaka.
After I went to the hokora, she hasn't shown herself once.
She knows what's happening to this world.
So why aren't I searching for Nanaka?
Probably......because I won't find her.
I'll never find Nanaka. Never.
I just had that feeling.
Wednesday.
Newton bursts out laughing as I obey the laws of inertia by going to school.
I walked over the hills.
The gradients are always tough.
My walking slows down.
I finally came to a flat place.
Taichi: "......!"
Roasted by a hunch, my consciousness heated up. 
My body moved faster than my rationality.
I turned around!
Taichi: "............not here?"
But I felt someone's presence.
The gate to prevent runaways had a certain impression to it...for now, let's say it was grave.
Why can't they let us run away?
Because there's the possibility that we'll hurt people.
Well, it is a type of half-isolation facility.
You can relax, the dangerous people have all been destroyed.
There are only eight people in the world.
The ordinary townsfolk were also destroyed.
So there won't be any casualties.
Wahaha.
Taichi: "Well, that's enough of the self-deprecating gags."
I passed through the gates, which were now more like a dead shellfish stuck open.
I left my things in the classroom.
Taichi: "Oya?"
Touko wasn't there.
And I thought she was coming.
The usual window seat.
Ojou-sama wasn't there.
I felt uneasy.
Please don't take any unusual actions.
A wishful thought.
I left my satchel there and wandered around the school.
This is that "bag/sack" I was asking about in irc.
Starting the third day of 『usual』.
Looking at this in game makes it look REALLY off. That "." looks so out of place. When you get back, I think we should have a little debate on this.
Moving the period outside.  Because I can.
But how many times has it really been?
That's right.
I'll go to the first year classroom.
The Mikiri combo might be there.
There's no one here.
I looked around and found both of their belongings left on their desks.
They had come.
Were they somewhere inside the building?
Now that I think about it, school is at the midpoint between Kiri and Miki's houses.
This school that they're used to might be perfect for a rendezvous point.
No matter what they're doing.
I looked out the window.
I saw the pool.
Taichi: "......aaah."
They were playing.
Having fun.
Faint voices reached me.
Miki: "Soryaaa!"
Kiri: "Ah, I told you no, nooo!"
Miki: "Sora-soraaa! Can't you dodge!?"
Kiri: "But we're in the water! Ah! My hair's getting wet, it's getting wet!"
Miki: "Where did you say you were getting wet!?"
Kiri: "You sound like an old man."
Miki: "My heart is an old man's, take this!"
Kiri: "Aaah, my haiiir..."
Kiri: "Payback!!"
Miki: "Kyaaa!"
I was watching a happy scene.
Kiri: "Yooouuuu!"
Miki: "Teryaryaaa!"
Kiri: "Take this!!"
Miki: "Uwaaa......yeah right, I won't take thaaat."
Kiri: "Ah, use of the swim board is prohibited!"
Miki: "It's my shield."
Kiri: "No fair!"
Miki: "It's a handicap since my hair is longer."
What kind of excuse is that?
I forced a smile.
Kiri: "But, you can only use one hand, so your attack strength has decreased!"
Miki: "Oh nooo!"
Kiri: "Time for the hunt!"
Miki: "Open season!?"
While splashing around, they negotiated with water.
So innocent.
*thump*
Taichi: "......!"
My heart leaped.
That innocence had touched me.
I pushed my heart unconsciously.
It's not like my soul is among my internal organs.
But what I felt had hit my real heart.
That made me happy.
Kiri: "Kyaaa!!"
Miki: "Ahahahaha! You fell over!"
Kiri: "I'm soaked......"
Miki: "You suuuuck at this."
Kiri: "......now you've said it."
Miki: "Ohyo?"
Kiri: "Now that I'm soaked, I can swim."
Miki: "Ah...Ah! Ah! No close quarters combat!"
Kiri: "You think the breaststroke can beat the crawl stroke!"
Miki: "Shock and awe! Shock and awe!"
Kiri: "I'll make you dripping wet!"
Miki: "Nooo! My hair turns to seaweed when it gets wet!"
Kiri: "I'll make you a seaweed-chan!"
Miki: "Wa! Wa! Not good!"
Kiri: "Soraaa!"
Miki: "Ginyaaaaaaaa!!"
The sound of splitting water.
Unceasing laughter.
It made me think of gentle, soft flowing time.
A scene from a kind world.
I think I'll write this in my diary.
So that I won't forget this feeling.
I watched the two girls play for a very long time.
Tomoki was there.
Inside the health room.
Taichi: "Tomokiii."
I spoke up, and his back leaped.
Tomoki: "Ta-Taichi......?"
Taichi: "So you were at school."
Tomoki: "Aaah, I came to see how things were......come here for a minute."
Taichi: "Oh?"
I was taken along.
Tomoki: "I think this will work."
Taichi: "Why are we in the corner?"
Tomoki: "......well..."
He faltered.
Taichi: "So, how's the Active Peace Maintenance Club?"
Tomoki: "Active Life Maintenance Club. It's working out."
Tomoki: "Taichi's had plenty of food, right?"
Taichi: "Well yeah, I'm in no trouble right now."
Taichi: "It'd be nice if that lasted a week."
Tomoki: "Ha?"
Taichi: "That's my business."
Taichi: "Do you need something in the health room?"
Tomoki's face tightened.
Tomoki: "No...nooo."
Why's he using English?
Taichi: "I see you're hiding something."
Tomoki: "I don't see that."
Taichi: "......health room, Tomoki, after school, virginity......the conclusion these four keywords lead us to is......"
It was time for deduction.
Tomoki: "No, virginity is unrelated."
Taichi: "That's a difficult question. It's time for meta-deduction."
Tomoki: "You've said something weird again."
Taichi: "Multiple Worlds Expatiating Deduction!"
Taichi: "Line up all the countless possibilities derived from each element and think, such that you extract 'that' sort of option from within the infinite choices......it's a quantum computer-ish deduction method."
Tomoki: "Can't you call that guesswork?"
Taichi: "Sugar content is needed to activate those thoughts. Please loan me some."
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "Give me gum, give me chocolate."
Tomoki: "......Taichi, you're always carrying candies around with you......"
Taichi: "Those are to be used in the event of an emergency drop in blood sugar levels."
Tomoki: "Are you diabetic?"
Tomoki shuffled around in his pocket.
If I needed food right now, Tomoki's here.
No, at this point, Tomoki is food!
......that's stupid.
Tomoki: "Here."
Gum and chocolate really came out.
Taichi: "You are an amazing guy."
Tomoki: "Eh?......How so? And didn't you say you wanted them?"
Taichi: "With this my peculiar brains will be at peace."
Tomoki: "???"
Gum and chocolate.
I put them in my mouth at the same time.
Tomoki: "Whoa!"
Taichi: "Tasting them at the same time is great."
Tomoki: "Th-......"
He was sickened.
Taichi: "As for the rest of the deduction,"
Taichi: "Did someone get hurt?"
Tomoki was a bit surprised.
That was soon replaced by an ironic expression.
Tomoki: "Yes......someone got hurt."
Tomoki: "......it felt good."
Taichi: "What?"
Tomoki: "......it's nothing. See you."
He left.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
I swallowed the gum that was also chocolate.
I'm the type who swallows gum.
Taichi: "......was it not a physical wound?"
The health room.
This place needs a large-breasted nurse with glasses (who often uses a male voice).
A health room without a large-breasted nurse with glasses is like a medium tuna sushi with nothing inside.
But of course I can't expect a large-breasted nurse with glasses to be here right now.
Instead, Youko-chan was here.
Taichi: "Put on a white coat and glasses."
Youko: "......okay."
She disappeared behind the beds.
She returned with glasses.
She'd procured them far too quickly.
And why from the bed......?
Then, the nurse's locker.
There was a white coat inside.
She returned.
Order received and paid in full.
The time required was under ten seconds.
Youko: "......will this do?"
Taichi: "Better than Templeton Pek."
Youko: "I see."
I can't fail to acknowledge it.
Her bust was, well, pretty good.
Youko-chan as a nurse.
Youko-sensei: 『Strip so that I can examine you.』
Youko-sensei: 『The bottom too,』
Youko-sensei: 『Since I'm examining your fertility.』
Youko-sensei: 『......no good. It won't stay still when I touch it.』
Youko-sensei: 『......yes......stay still......good boy......』
Taichi: "Uu, uuu......"
Isn't that pretty good?
Youko: "I just saw Taichi having an indecent delusion about me."
Taichi: "......"
A sense of defeat.
This is because of how long she's known me.
Taichi: "That's enough cosplay."
Youko: "You were making me cosplay......"
She whispered alone.
She returned to her normal self.
Again she went to the bed to return the glasses.
Taichi: "So, why here?"
Youko: "......Miyasumi was hurt."
I peeked around the bed.
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai?"
Youko: "She's already sleeping."
Taichi: "......the bandaging?"
Youko: "I did it."
She gazed at me.
Taichi: "That's rare......you spontaneously doing something for others."
Youko: "If I didn't......I thought Taichi would harass me......"
Taichi: "I see."
That's true.
I pinched her cheeks with both hands.
Taichi: "But I'll harass you anyway."
Youko: "......that's true."
Her clear-cut face collapsed like clay.
Youko: "Stop."
But she didn't seriously resist.
She doesn't know how to resist.
Because fundamentally, that would either mean eliminating me or ignoring me.
Taichi: "Uriuri."
Youko: "Uuu, uuuu......"
Taichi: "Your cheeks are soooft."
Youko: "......that hurts......that hurts a lot......"
Taichi: "That's your fault for having cheeks."
Youko: "What you say is unreasonable."
I quickly got bored.
Taichi: "So, how are Sempai's wounds?"
Youko: "Light abrasions and bruises. There is no threat to her life."
She said without any concern for her reddening cheeks.
Taichi: "I see."
I could see her breathing softly.
She didn't seem to be in any pain.
Taichi: "She's sleeping well."
I parted the hair on her forehead.
Misato: "Nnnnn..."
She purred.
Moe...
Next, I stretched my hand to a different place.
*grab!*
Taichi: "Nuu!"
Youko-chan was gripping my wrist.
The grip strength of an adult male!
Taichi: "......what are you doing?"
Youko: "Just now, Taichi was trying to touch her breasts."
Taichi: "No, nooo."
Youko: "I think switching to English is suspicious......"
Youko: "English being a weakness of Taichi's is an important part of that judgment."
Taichi: "Ku! You've researched me so well......"
Just as I thought, the world is necessarily a metagame.
Youko: "As long as my eyes are black, I won't let you touch those breasts."
Taichi: "Damn you!"
But I had no chance of winning in close quarters.
Taichi: "In this situation......I'll fondle your chest!"
One of my hands was sent out toward her chest.
Youko: "......I thought you'd do that."
Youko-chan's pupils filled with invincible confidence.
She knew!?
But even if it was a trap,
Taichi: "I'll fondle right through it!"
My left hand bit down on her breast.
She showed no defensive or evasive motions.
So it was a trap.
Youko: "It worked......"
Taichi: "What!?"
Youko: "A confused Taichi will attack me since I'm right in front of him......that's what I predicted."
Taichi: "This sensation...it can't be!?"
Youko: "Yes......no bra."
Taichi: "Ah! Aaaaah! Whaaat!?"
Soft.
Through her uniform, an unimaginably soft sensation!
Taichi: "Ah! Aaaaah!"
I was losing wisdom.
Taichi: "Oh, my Sophia (wisdom) is......"
By touching the soft and tensile breasts, my wisdom was disintegrating!
The greater the mass of those breasts, the more the disintegration speed increased.
Taichi: "Ku! What......breasts......it's as if my head is completely worsening."
I noticed that I was fondling with both hands.
Youko: "......nn!......"
A hot, hoarse voice.
It entered my ears and vaporized my rationality.
Up, down, left, right, four ways, 
Eight ways, East, West, South, North.
I continued fondling the breasts with degrees of freedom similar to that of an analog video game controller.
Youko: "Tai......chi, nn!......"
Taichi: "Ku, what a sophisticated bust this is......"
Youko: "That makes no sense......ah......"
Aaaaaaah.
I'm being tempted...
I'm being completely tempted.
Misato: "Fuwaaa..."
Sempai woke up.
Misato: "......no......I slept with my glasses...... on......"
Her eyes fell on our foolish state.
Misato: "Seyaaa!"
Her hand-slash-sword swung down.
Cutting apart the nipple and fingertips.
Misato: "Peke-kun!"
Taichi: "Y-yes!?"
Misato: "What you were doing is a yellow suspension!"
She grabbed my fingers.
Is there a red suspension......?
Taichi: "B-but this girl has sophisticated boobs!"
Misato: "Urbanely refined boobs aren't a good enough reason!"
With a courageous motion, as if meaning to cut off my neck, she mowed down my arms.
Misato: "It's been a while, Hasekura-san."
Youko: "......nn."
Misato: "It really......owowowow."
Taichi: "Are you okay?"
Misato: "Yeah, some of the building materials collapsed......"
Taichi: "Youko-chan saved you."
Misato: "Well......Hasekura-san did?"
Youko: "I'm not the one who saved her."
Taichi: "Then who?"
Youko: "......Shima Tomoki."
Taichi: "Tomoki did?"
Ah-hah, so that's why he just......
Taichi: "Sempai, he gets embarrassed easily, so......"
Mimi-sempai looked at me blankly.
Taichi: "......hello?"
Misato: "Tomoki......saved me......?"
She looked confused and upset.
When was it...
That those two stopped talking to one another?
Tomoki in the club room.
Sempai in the broadcast room.
It became rare for them to mutually occupy the same space.
Anyone who saw it would understand.
And for only that reason, it remained concealed.
Our discord existed between everyone.
I realized that Youko-chan had disappeared.
Touko wasn't there.
Not today either.
There's no reason to come to school. I guess it's to be expected.
It was missing a little something.
I tried sitting in my seat for a little while.
I tried losing myself in thought for a little while.
Taichi: "Uu......"
I woke up.
I'd been sleeping on my desk.
I'd been dreaming.
A dream that should have been nostalgic.
But it put me in a melancholic mood.
In the end, people are living for their own sake.
Yielding many contacts with other people, within various desires.
To cool off my sweaty body, I headed for the roof.
The place of the antenna.
Mimi-sempai isn't here.
Probably because she got hurt.
Her club activities had been canceled.
Tools and materials had been left at the base of the antenna.
There was a notebook.
I looked at it.
Taichi: "........................"
I see.
She's put in a lot of effort to get this far.
An SOS...
Build the antenna and send an SOS. This was perfect.
A wonderful plan, just like Mimi-sempai.
But with just Mimi-sempai alone though......I don't think this work will ever get done.
Red lines had been drawn over her plans.
『It won't reach...(crying)』
Hahaa. That's true.
Can't be helped.
I placed the stepladder and climbed up.
Taichi: "This goes......like this?"
I got through it.
Taichi: "This should be fine."
Taichi: "So, the next step is......"
My eyes fell to her sketches.
『I don't get this part. (crying)』
『Put off for later. (crying)』
『This is wrong. (crying)』
『??? (crying)』
『This might be wrong......I'll check later. (crying)』
『The wire got cut, I have to find something to replace it......(crying)』
『(crying)』
『(crying)』
『(crying)』
Isn't all this just crying?
Taichi: "......Mimi-sempai......"
I tried looking at the antenna.
The Broadcasting Club......
Regardless of the effect of the SOS,
The idea of broadcasting with everyone strangely inspired me.
Because it was just too healthy.
It'll tug at our heartstrings, for we are situated opposite health.
Like this,
I began 『club activities.』
On my way home,
Nanaka: "Heeey."
Nanaka was beside me.
As if she'd just suddenly appeared there......
Taichi: "Ah, Nanaka......"
Nanaka: "How've you been?"
Taichi: "More importantly, that hokora---"
I was embraced.
Taichi: "Ugu!?"
Nanaka: "If you can say it's fun, then isn't it okay?"
Taichi: "No, I didn't say that."
This doesn't really match the context of the conversation...
What's with this abrupt heartwarming event......?
However, leaving that aside,
The ambiguous softness of breasts.
A girl's scent.
Mysteriously, I felt no disorder.
The sensation of being embraced was different from Youko-chan's.
Nanaka: "I'm happy to hear that. Very happy."
Taichi: "But, I'm not saying anything......"
Nanaka: "It's not like you have no right to live even if you don't become strong."
Taichi: "You're not listening."
Nanaka: "It's fine to be weak."
Taichi: "Listen!"
That didn't make any sense.
Taichi: "The texture of your chest was wonderful."
Nanaka: "......too honest."
Taichi: "It just didn't make any sense."
Nanaka: "Sorry, I made a mistake."
Taichi: "What do you mean?"
Nanaka scratched her head.
Nanaka: "With a different one."
Taichi: "Explain it so I can understand it."
Nanaka: "You do seem to be getting started on the antenna construction. So how's it progressing?"
Taichi: "Hey now,"
Nanaka: "Nni?"
Taichi: "Speak so I can understand. First......first,"
Nanaka: "First?"
Taichi: "That's right, there are a lot of things."
Nanaka: "Then I'll answer one of your questions. Any question at all."
Taichi: "What...what color are your panties!?"
Nanaka: "Today they're white. But they're a little cute. They go well with the bra."
Taichi: "Pure whiiiite?"
My thoughts raced about girls' underwear.
Nanaka: "Okay, the questions end there."
Taichi: "Uooo, craaaap, the mysteries of the world!"
I asked my question reflexively!
Taichi: "I am an idiooot!"
Nanaka: "And you're erotic."
Taichi: "......no takebacks?"
Nanaka: "None."
Nanaka made a cross with her arms.
Nanaka: "Try again next time."
Taichi: "But by next time I'll have already forgotten about this conversation."
Nanaka: "Hooo, so you've noticed?"
Taichi: "I noticed. But even though I noticed, there are tons of things I don't know, like where humanity went, or why this happened in the first place."
Nanaka: "Even I don't know why this happened."
Taichi: "......is...is that really twue?"
I tilted my head and asked cutely.
Nanaka: "That really is twue."
She tilted her head and answered cutely.
Nanaka: "Well......all I can say is that this happened."
Nanaka: "I've tried thinking about the reason, but I've come up with absolutely no ideas whatsoever."
Taichi: "Oooh?"
Nanaka: "What were you expecting from a schoolgirl who puts flowers to shame?"
Taichi: "In the first place, that's just weird!"
Nanaka: "Mm? What is?"
Taichi: "Normally, isn't a role like yours given to a more adult and unintelligible girl!?"
Nanaka: "......haa?"
Taichi: "You're like a competitive childhood friend, so you should have some backstory fitting your mold, which demands that you obey me, live next to me and come to my house to wake me up every morning!"
I stuck my finger out at her.
Nanaka: "......are you an idiot?"
Taichi: "What kind of miscast are you!?"
Taichi: "Did you think you were doing something special by just changing your disposition, you simpleton?"
Taichi: "That is what we call a superficial thought."
Taichi: "If you want to do something different, start it from the foundation. Be someone who'll do things no one has ever done before!"
Nanaka: "All those words back at you."
Taichi: "I'm a simpleton who only thought he was the antithesis of superficiality!!!?"
I fell down in tears.
Nanaka: "Don't cry, don't cry, youngster."
Taichi: "......well, since it's come to this, pray I ask you the same question at my next opportunity."
Nanaka: "There's yet another surprising difference."
Taichi: "Eh, there is?"
Nanaka: "All the other people have their feelings decided by that moment on Sunday night, so they take similar actions every time."
Nanaka: "But Taichi's pretty different every time."
Nanaka: "......maybe you just don't take things seriously?"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Maybe I don't.
The fewer 'others' there are, the better off I am.
That's why I think this situation isn't all that bad.
If I said I had no doubts at all, that'd be a lie, but......
Taichi: "I don't know..."
Nanaka: "I see."
Anyway, this conversation.
I looked up at Nanaka trying a wheelie on her bicycle.
This person......her memories aren't being reset.
Taichi: "You know......"
Nanaka: "Questions are prohibited."
Taichi: "Uu!"
Nanaka: "When I say something, I do it."
Nanaka: "Though it's not like I'm going out of my way to hide anything......you know?"
Nanaka: "......I'm just a little afraid."
Taichi: "Afraid?"
Nanaka: "I'm afraid of telling you everything."
Nanaka: "Because I get the feeling that Taichi will be driven into a corner."
Her merry expression morphed into one of misgivings.
Taichi: "......I see."
Well, a promise is a promise.
Nanaka: "......"
Taichi: "......"
It's gotten a little aloof.
I decided to soften the mood.
Taichi: "Umm......this isn't a question, but about your underwear..."
Nanaka: "Nn? What?"
Taichi: "I'd like your bra to have a front hook."
Nanaka's eyebrows twisted dubiously.
Nanaka: "A front hook......on Nanaka-san, the schoolgirl who puts flowers to shame?"
Taichi: "That's right."
Nanaka: "......your reason?"
Taichi: "Isn't that how a bra should be removed on a girl's maiden night?"
*Maiden night = Taichian for one's first sexual experience.
Taichi: "If there's a front hook, then I can stick my fingers into the valley like this, and at the moment I undo the hook, the pair of heavily laden motherly hills are released from admonition-"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "The heavily laden hills will be---"
Nanaka: "Don't repeat it."
Nanaka: "It's not as great a joke as you're thinking."
Taichi: "In......in other words, it is because I can appreciate their shaking form!"
Nanaka: "Rejected."
As we were talking about such idiotic things,
We soon reached my house.
Taichi: "......wanna come in?"
Nanaka: "No, I'll go home."
I chuckled on the inside.
Where was Nanaka going home to?
Taichi: "See you later then."
Nanaka: "Taichi!"
I was called.
Turning just my head, I put my back within my field of vision.
Nanaka was on top of the hill.
Horribly far.
As if she'd moved in an instant.
Nanaka: "Taaaichi!"
Regardless of the distance between us, her voice reached my ears clearly.
Taichi: "Eh, ah, what?"
I was confused.
Nanaka is without a doubt---
She's standing next to her bicycle, holding one hand up high. Her smile held up the sky.
Nanaka: "See you next week."
She waved.
Taichi: "Ah, yeah......"
I turned all the way around.
Taichi: "See you next week."
Nanaka got on her bicycle.
The girl rode off, sliding down the hill until I couldn't see her.
However long I waited, I didn't see her reappear, slowly climbing up the slope of the next hill---
On my way home,
Nanaka: "Heeey."
Nanaka was beside me.
As if she'd just suddenly appeared there......
Taichi: "Ah, Nanaka......"
Nanaka: "How've you been?"
Taichi: "More importantly, that hokora---"
I was embraced.
Taichi: "Ugu!?"
Nanaka: "If you can say it's fun, then isn't it okay?"
Taichi: "No, I didn't say that."
This doesn't really match the context of the conversation...
What's with this abrupt heartwarming event......?
However, leaving that aside,
The ambiguous softness of breasts.
A girl's scent.
Mysteriously, I felt no disorder.
The sensation of being embraced was different from Youko-chan's.
Nanaka: "I'm happy to hear that. Very happy."
Taichi: "But, I'm not saying anything......"
Nanaka: "It's not like you have no right to live even if you don't become strong."
Taichi: "You're not listening."
Nanaka: "It's fine to be weak."
Taichi: "Listen!"
That didn't make any sense.
Taichi: "The texture of your chest was wonderful."
Nanaka: "......too honest."
Taichi: "It just didn't make any sense."
Nanaka: "Sorry, I made a mistake."
Taichi: "What do you mean?"
Nanaka scratched her head.
Nanaka: "With a different one."
Taichi: "Explain it so I can understand it."
Nanaka: "You do seem to be getting started on the antenna construction. So how's it progressing?"
Taichi: "Hey now,"
Nanaka: "Nni?"
Taichi: "Speak so I can understand. First......first,"
Nanaka: "First?"
Taichi: "That's right, there are a lot of things."
Nanaka: "Then I'll answer one of your questions. Any question at all."
Taichi: "What...what color are your panties!?"
Nanaka: "Today they're white. But they're a little cute. They go well with the bra."
Taichi: "Pure whiiiite?"
My thoughts raced about girls' underwear.
Nanaka: "Okay, the questions end there."
Taichi: "Uooo, craaaap, the mysteries of the world!"
I asked my question reflexively!
Taichi: "I am an idiooot!"
Nanaka: "And you're erotic."
Taichi: "......no takebacks?"
Nanaka: "None."
Nanaka made a cross with her arms.
Nanaka: "Try again next time."
Taichi: "Hmmmhmhmhm......failure......"
Here, I suddenly thought,
Huh? This girl......isn't she a criminal?
Taichi: "Nanaka-san......one question......"
Nanaka: "Didn't I just say no?"
Taichi: "Ah, that's right."
Nanaka: "See you next week. If Taichi does what he does right, he'll make it there."
Taichi: "Make it where?"
Nanaka: "Here."
*smile*
Taichi: "Nnnnnnnn."
I feel like she's a key person somehow, but......she's not to the point.
Nanaka: "Didn't you go to the hokora?"
Taichi: "I went."
Nanaka: "......you didn't look inside, did you?"
Taichi: "Come to think of it, I haven't."
Nanaka: "Look."
Taichi: "Well...I don't want to go back there anymore."
Nanaka: "......well, there's no need to rush, so I don't mind, but,"
Taichi: "That's where Youko-chan's resting, so I'd like to leave it alone."
Nanaka: "Nnn. I think that girl would want you to go."
......so she knows that she died?
Taichi: "I can't face her."
I can't even avenge Youko-chan.
Nanaka: "That might be a cruel thought."
Taichi: "Why?"
Nanaka: "Are you saying you can't face her because you aren't equal?"
Nanaka: "Doesn't that mean you want her to be equal to you?"
Taichi: "Ah......that's right."
I noticed the contradiction.
Nanaka: "If you can give proper respect to the peanut persimmon tree, then isn't it strange to be unable to accept a weak person the way they are?"
Taichi: "That's true. Though the persimmon tree is Sakuraba's thing."
She even knows my past.
She could be anything......
Taichi: "Then, I guess I'll go if I feel like it."
Nanaka: "Yep."
Nanaka: "I also think I have no right to have human relationships."
Nanaka: "I'm glad Taichi had the same thought."
Taichi: "............"
Damn, she's cute......
Nanaka: "Work hard at the club. Work hard even if your friends die. It's okay, because you'll be smiling again next week."
Taichi: "Uwa, don't say such indiscreet things!"
Taichi: "Two people have died."
Nanaka: "Aaah, I should probably tell you I didn't kill them."
Taichi: "Eeeeeeeeeeeeh!!?"
Nanaka: "......were you certain I'd killed them?"
Taichi: "Somehow, you seem to have mysterious power, so can't you overcome all alibis and kill freely? A divine murder case. Though this isn't a mystery novel or anything..."
Nanaka: "Hmmm, divine might be on the right track."
Taichi: "And as you said that we reached my house."
Taichi: "I have string panties. Shall I give you some?"
Nanaka: "No, I don't need them. Even if I took them I'd just throw them away."
Taichi: "I see......"
Nanaka: "I'm going home. Bye."
I chuckled on the inside.
Where was Nanaka going home to?
Taichi: "Bye-bye."
The bicycle Nanaka was riding disappeared behind the hill.
Taichi: "............"
Accept it?
I will accept death?
Impossible, I thought.
I don't think I can assent to my own death.
I have strong self-preservation instincts.
I should be tenacious like a desert insect.
And yet, against Kiri's hatred, I was quite hesitant.
I unexpectedly lost my temper.
Even though I should live,
Even though I have nothing but despair,
Even though I have to be laughing,
Taichi: "Kiri......stop this."
I took one step forward.
Taichi: "This is no time for us to be killing each other, right?"
I took one step forward.
Taichi: "I understand that you hate me, but to kill me because of that..."
I took one step forward.
Taichi: "Isn't that nonsense?"
I took one step forward.
Taichi: "That won't help either of us. You're in danger too."
If Youko-chan saw it...
Kiri might die one second later.
But, how should I explain it to her?
Explain how scary she is...
I was impatient.
I accidentally pried too far.
Taichi: "As for Yutaka---"
Kiri: "---!!!"
A light cry. Of the air.
Right in my chest, there was a solid black arrow sticking in like a joke.
Taichi: "Uuaa......"
I made a blunder.
I sat down in that spot from the shock of being shot.
There's no pain.
It's not unnatural at all.
I couldn't feel how near death was.
This is really bad......aren't I suffering?
I slowly fell down sideways.
I collapsed within the forest of desks.
I could no longer see Kiri.
Taichi: "......ha!......ha!......ha!......"
Shallow breathing.
I still won't die?
I know that a great suffering was coming closer.
......aaah, I don't want this.
I learned that instant death was happiness.
Taichi: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!---"
I realized my breathing was becoming frighteningly shallow.
My consciousness grew hazy.
I heard Kiri's scream.
The sound of glass breaking.
Outside my field of vision...something...ate into...flesh.
Taichi: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!---ha---"
My breathing abruptly stopped.
As if my eyeballs had muddied, all became dark.
In my final moment,
Youko: "......!"
I saw her.
It was early summer last year,
When I met Shinkawa Yutaka.
A summer of noisy cicadas.
We bumped into one another coincidentally.
And strangely, a conversation sprung up.
We just clicked.
There were those in Gunjou who lived completely in their own world.
There were those who hurt others easily.
At some point, the world began giving birth to lunatics.
Many of them hurt people.
Sicknesses of the heart were no longer just one's own problem.
The source was unknown.
The government threw out a number of countermeasures to tackle it, but those weren't widely reported on.
Youko-chan said that they were moving in secret.
Details unknown.
At the very least, the world was being soaked in a lax insanity......I understood that fact very well when I asked my own heart.
That's why Gunjou Institute existed.
As an isolated facility.
Someone being held back a year was a daily occurrence.
But those who don't recover after several years get sent to yet another facility.
Those people hardly need any contact with others.
They're lacking in the strength to live independently, but their hearts are already separated from those of other people.
That's why,
It's a little hard to make friends in Gunjou.
Because it's hard to materialize a conversation.
In one class, I'd guess there are about ten people.
That you could have a real conversation with.
Shinkawa: 『Okay, I get the feeling this'll work somehow.』
Taichi: "............"
I wonder who was wrong.
Was it me?
Or was it him?
I couldn't produce a conclusion.
Nor could I produce any tears.
I can't...not yet.
Kiri's face turned red.
Taichi: "What's next?"
Miki: "Isn't it obvious?"
Miki: "I said to strip the bottom."
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "Are you sure?"
I asked seriously.
Taichi: "Do you know what it would mean to expose this?"
Miki: "A threat at this stage?"
Taichi: "So idiotic. Little do you know how fearsome this thing is."
Taichi: "Unlike that crossbow, this isn't some cute thing that the untrained can easily control."
Taichi: "It greedily devours those called virgins, even their membranes, to no end......it is truly a demon."
Taichi: "If you release it once, it is certain that the radiance of the world's virgins will disappear."
Miki: "......such nonsense."
Kiri: "Hey......I don't really want to see......"
Miki: "Kiri-chin, be quiet."
Kiri: "......o-okay."
Dejected.
Miki is serious.
Taichi: "......do you intend to return all to nothing?"
Miki: "What if I said yes?"
Taichi: "Wh-!? You're...you are......and you call yourself a scientist!?"
Miki: "Science is that which investigates. It is that which continues beyond the taboos."
Kiri: "I can't see the flow of this conversation at all......"
Miki: "There is no meaning in science done while looking backwards, professor."
Taichi: "Ku! Have you sold your soul to the devil?"
Miki: "Yes, just like Einstein did."
Taichi: "This won't end......"
I touched my nipple.
Taichi: "To think I'd have to use this blasting switch..."
Kiri: "........................"
Kiri lowered her crossbow and entered the bathroom.
Miki: "Blasting switch?"
Taichi: "That's right. I cannot allow this superb specimen of a demon to be released into the world."
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "There will be peace to all ladies. Wives and children, I am sorry......forgive your foolish fathers!"
Taichi: "......nn?"
Taichi: "What's wrong with this? The device won't function?"
Miki: "......huhu, I have long since seen through all your actions, your highness!"
Kiri: "The cast has changed......"
Kiri returned from the bathroom and idly reaimed her crossbow.
Taichi: "The casting......damn it! What a thing to happen!"
Miki: "Your back's against the wall now."
Taichi: "Hu......"
Taichi: "Did you forget...that there are two nipples!?"
Miki: "-!?"
Taichi: "Drowned in science, you've neglected human engineering......Miki-kun, you have lost!"
Miki: "You won't get away with this!"
Miki jumped onto Kiri.
Kiri: "Eh!? Wait a......!?"
A small warning light shone on her forehead.
Kiri quickly shifted the point.
The arrow flew.
Taichi: "--!!!!"
As one would expect, even though I was watching it, I couldn't react to it.
It grazed the side of my cheek.
Taichi: "............"
I turned around to see it sticking into the hallway wall.
Taichi: "........................"
Taichi: "Mimimimi......"
Miki: "I'm sorry, Professor."
Taichi: "I'm no Professor! That's dangerous! That was really dangerous!"
Miki: "......ehaha."
Taichi: "Don't gimme that 'ehaha' you..."
Uwa, I have cold sweat.
Taichi: "I...I thought I was gonna die......"
Miki: "I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "No, it's okay, since I'm alive."
Taichi: "Right, Kiri-chin?"
Kiri: "Eh, ah, ha......"
Kiri stared blankly.
Taichi: "Doesn't Kiri-chin also have an apology for me?"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "You tried to take my life. You can't sweep this away as a joke."
Kiri: "......that's..."
Taichi: "That's?"
Kiri: "........................"
I could see complications.
Taichi: "'I'm sorry,' right?"
Kiri: "............uu."
Tears welled up.
Was the idea that unpleasant?
Taichi: "Where's my sorry?"
Kiri: "............s......sor---"
The moment she tried to push out those words,
I very much wanted to reset it.
Taichi: "Actually it's okay. I'll take my own sign of apology."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "Teyaaa!"
*akesuke!*
I heard that onomatopoeia.
Kiri: "---???"
Kiri: "H-huh? Huhuh?"
Taichi: "Did you see!?"
Taichi: "This is the epitome of skirt flipping, the Parachute Death Sentence!"
Taichi: "At the moment the fingers grab cloth to access the skirt, joints in twenty four places throughout the body simultaneously engage to produce the minimum turbulence within the bewitching closed space of the lower half of a girl's body."
Taichi: "With this action, the upflipped skirt is maintained in a parachute shape, exposing underwear to the eyes of the masses with a duration several times longer than any ordinary skirt flip!"
Miki: "......Sempai, you're not a person anymore."
Taichi: "However, that overlong time of nakedness causes the level of shame to skyrocket, and at the final moments of the parachute's effective time, it will become a death sentence against my very life! A move done in exchange for one's life: that is the Parachute Death Sentence!"
Miki: "......it must be hard to be a pervert."
Kiri: "Wh-why won't it go back......wh-wh-wha!?"
Kiri pushed down on her fluttering skirt.
But, when she pushed, it simply flipped higher up.
Even left alone, the skirt continued to expose her underwear in a jellyfish shape.
Almost as if wind was blowing up from below her.
Taichi: "A double-edged sword. There is no guarantee that friends will remain friends after this."
Taichi: "Make the most of this lesson, Kiri-chin."
Kiri: "My skirt! It's......floating, wait, what is this!?"
Miki: "That's an amazing move......"
Taichi: "Lovely, Kiri-chin."
I gave her a thumbs-up.
Kiri: "Aa-aa-aaaa-aaaaa......"
Kiri-chin was flustered.
If this had been done in public, she might have died in agony.
A secret technique indeed.
Since it won't move Youko-chan at all...
It really isn't a skirt flip without the girl rushing to unflip it.
At long last, the skirt floated back down.
Kiri: "......ha......haa......"
She's sweating a lot.
Taichi: "The time needed to perform the Parachute Death Sentence is no more than 0.05 seconds. So, once more I shall let you see the process by which---"
I put a hand on Kiri-chin's skirt.
Kiri: "Cheyaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Miki: "She hasn't used a kick in a long tiiiime!"
Taichi: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Her downward kick changed its path in zigzags on the way down.
There was true turbulence in her kick.
Taichi: "Ooooooo......"
Kiri: "You are abnormal!!"
I was being treated as abnormal.
Taichi: "Owww......"
Kiri: "Let's go, Miki!"
She was fuming.
Taichi: "......aah-ah, there she goes..."
Miki: "I respect Sempai's challenge mentality."
Taichi: "Yes. We never know when a human will die."
Taichi: "Weeell, you two live on freely and easily."
Miki: "Yeees."
Miki: "Still......you two really don't get along well."
We both smiled wryly.
Taichi: "Kiri and I are enemies-slash-friends in our love for Miki-Miki."
Miki: "That's true, you are great rivals."
Taichi: "......"
She said flatly.
Kiri: "Miki!"
Miki: "Hoooi. Then, Sempai, see you again sometime."
I returned her farewell with an awkward smile.
Miki ran, catching up to Kiri.
I walked home.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
In the end, I spent the day doing nothing.
Maybe it's because I knew everything would be reset?
I just couldn't get into it.
Besides......even after going to school, I didn't feel any liveliness or prosperity.
The world was becoming a shell.
You can't call this a world with only eight people.
An eternal summer.
Are we the remains of humanity trapped in an eddy of time?
Or perhaps......a different meaning...
I stood still partway up the hill.
The grove of trees on the side of the road.
I remember.
I remember......
Shinkawa Yutaka was staring at the grove of trees.
I moved toward Shinkawa, and called out to him.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Shinkawa was sweating.
It didn't look like summer sweat.
I stepped back.
A car came.
Taichi: "Shinkawa!"
Shinkawa was run over and killed. That traumatized me.
......nothing like that happened.
Taichi: "Ah, it's the Tasaki Shop's pickup."
That flashy guy passed by slowly at thirty kilometers per hour.
The old man with rich facial features waved his hand at me, saying 『Thanks for everything!』
Since I'm one of his customers.
I turned to him.
Taichi: "Thanks for all the Shouwa-era beverages!"
An*sa.
アン○サ。
Me**ow Yellow.
Nepo*.
Pepper Captain.
Gato**de.
Legendary soft drinks.
As a former railway otaku, I guess it makes sense he'd be maniacal about his business.
I don't know how he supplies them.
Anyway, Shinkawa didn't die.
He's just peachy.
Taichi: "You were hovering between life and death just now. If I hadn't grabbed onto your arm like that, those gray brain cells of yours would've made a gory painting on the asphalt."
Shinkawa was shaking.
Taichi: "Shinkawa?"
Shinkawa: "Ah......sorry."
He regained his senses.
Shinkawa: "Somehow......when I look into something like a grove of trees......I start feeling horrible......I've been like that for a long time......though I have no idea why......"
He covered his face as he stood up, and looked dizzy for a while.
Then he looked up at the blue sky, and sighed as if panting.
Taichi: "............"
Shinkawa: 『One of my legs doesn't move very well.』
I'd thought his obstacle was external.
There aren't many in Gunjou, but there were students with long-standing external obstacles.
But Yutaka's different......it might really be internal, if I think about it now.
Within the forest,
Closed space surrounded by trees.
It's a weakness of mine too.
A long time ago, something happened which dug into the wounds in my heart.
I was able to understand Shinkawa's feelings, and therefore a little bit of my own.
Shinkawa Yutaka was energetic. He usually was.
His responses were fast.
When we talked, he was good at making jokes.
And at following mine up.
At some point, Shinkawa said this:
Shinkawa: 『My niece...she's going to Gunjou after all, so I need to tell her a lot about it.』
Trouble arose.
The fact that she was fairly cute, to start with.
Further trouble arose. Envy and jealousy.
If two such emotions lined up, almost any human would be able to hate.
I didn't hate.
Because Yutaka's next statement brought about an even greater shock.
Shinkawa: 『She's really more like a little sister, since we live together.』
He's living with a cute little sister that he's not connected to by blood.
And from what I heard afterward, his parents were rarely at home.
This sort of situation is unconventionally called cohabitation.
They'll even walk to Gunjou together.
Shinkawa: 『Oooh, I'll introduce you to her.』
Shinkawa: 『......it's no big deal, but......don't get your hopes up, okay?』
It's no big deal.
Afterward, I actually did end up meeting her.
Shinkawa: "Okay then, this is Sakura Kiri. She's like family."
This is generally referred to as a bolt from the blue.
Shinkawa: "Why are you both being so quiet? Are you guys embarrassed or something? Hey, hey, Taichi, there's no need to get embarrassed over this mountain ape."
Kiri: "Yutaka, be quiet......"
Kiri: "......I am, Sakura Kiri."
Taichi: "I'm Ku-Kurosu Taichi."
I awkwardly lowered my head.
Taichi: "I've heard a lot about you."
Kiri: "......haa."
She'd used that shuddering heel kick on me.
I was sure we'd sworn revenge before our last parting.
Not a fragment of goodwill could be found in Kiri's eyes.
Actually, she was staring at me.
Kiri: "I've also heard quite a lot about you."
Taichi: "R-really?"
I stressed out, and put the teacup to my mouth.
Taichi: "Wow, this red tea is sweet! Almost like sugar, yeah, it's got some kind of rough feel to it. It's as if I've never had this before."
Kiri: "............"
Harsh.
At some point, critiques and comebacks become merciful in a way.
Shinkawa: "Come to think of it, that's natural sugar."
Taichi: "......much obliged."
I won't forget this taste.
Kiri: "......such as, you'll sexually harass whoever is within your reach."
Shinkawa: "That's right, this guy does some amazing things. He really surprises me sometimes."
Taichi: "Yeah, well, about that, sexual harassment......umm......it's more like an expression of sexual affection, definitely without any bad intention."
Kiri: "That's what sexual harassment is."
Taichi: "Aaah, was that what they called it!? Hahaha......"
An invisible knife was piercing through me.
Kiri: "......there are girls who dislike it, aren't there?"
Taichi: "Aaah, I do hold back around them, you know? Well, I can tell who dislikes it from the bottom of their hearts, yes."
Kiri: "Then, was Miyuki wishing to be sexually harassed?"
Taichi: "Aaah, well, she dislikes it, maybe? But that's superficial, Ojou-san. See, whatever you say, it's more like your body is honest."
Kiri: "......you're the worst."
A low voice, as if spitting that out.
I heard it.
Yutaka, who was absorbed in carefully peeling the stripes off a baumkuchen, didn't hear it.
Does this brat not know how to read the atmosphere in a room?
I sent him eye signals.
Yutaka: "!"
Yutaka noticed.
That's right, save me!
I eloquently spoke with my eyes.
Yutaka: "!!"
Yutaka's face held the pride of a club president, and he nodded slightly as if to say, 'leave it to me.'
Shinkawa: "Ah......crap, the biology started. I'll go buy some napkins, so could you two stay here and talk for a while?"
Kiri: "Stay."
Taichi: "Please stay, I'm begging you."
Shinkawa: "?"
He didn't understand a thing.
If we were left alone, the bomb of awkward silence would explode.
Kiri: "I do not think......Miyuki wants you to flip her skirt."
Taichi: "Nnn, are...you sure?"
Yutaka once again began to dismantle his baumkuchen.
This guy......he's useless......
Kiri: "That's why I have doubts about what Kurosu-sempai is doing."
She said frankly.
Looking at her calmly, she wasn't a type I disliked.
In fact she's desirable......I think I'd like to get closer to this girl.
I got a little depressed.
I started wanting to talk properly.
Taichi: "......Sakura-san, you're a just person."
She seemed to get angry.
Kiri: "What about it?"
Taichi: "No, that's fine. I think that kind of person is needed everywhere."
Kiri: "......I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "I'm not making fun of you."
Taichi: "Until now, no one of your sort has ever been near me."
Kiri: "......is that so?"
I saw that Yutaka was sleeping in his seat.
My friend indeed. He's good.
Thanks to that, we can talk a little more to the point.
Taichi: "How's Gunjou?"
Kiri: "......what do you mean, 'how?'"
Taichi: "There are a lot of types that get admitted into these classes. Those who can't talk, those who can't see what's around them, those who break out in violence and those who simply are not normal."
Taichi: "But they are all people who were sent here because they couldn't adapt to the way the world works."
Taichi: "They're all the foremost screwed up people in Japan. Of course, that includes you and me."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "How many of them can you hold a conversation with? How many can you build a relationship that could be called friendship with?"
Taichi: "Even if you did manage a conversation with them, who knows what tangent they'd run away on. They're always wearing their doubts."
Taichi: "For example......someone who hears the sound of glass breaking, and becomes abnormally aggressive. There's one of those in our class."
Kiri: "How is this related to the previous topic?"
Taichi: "You've persuaded me to justice."
Taichi: "......I see you as an opponent who bears reason in mind."
Her eyebrows narrowed subtly.
Kiri: "That's not what I......"
Taichi: "Isn't that what you meant?"
Taichi: "You have doubts about my actions. You point out and denounce them. I think I have to be corrected."
Taichi: "It's not a way of thinking that should be brandished around Gunjou."
Taichi: "I don't know whether you're just dense, or if you've seen right through my character."
Taichi: "But......I feel like it's been a long time since I was treated as a human by someone who met me for the first time."
Kiri: "............"
Her mouth hung open.
If I'd lowered my guard, she would've looked just as cute as she should at her age.
Yutaka's eyes are knotholes.
Kiri: "......that's not what we're talking about!"
Taichi: "About Miyuki..."
Her rage froze.
Taichi: "That's pretty heavy."
Taichi: "I don't know the details, but when she feels too lonely, it's like she catches something."
Taichi: "Something like a loss of recognition of the outside world. The boundary of the world becomes vague. I guess it's like a kind of narcotic. She's the type that would most easily fall from the roof."
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "Did you know?"
Kiri: "......no."
Taichi: "I think that girl will be moved."
Kiri: "Eh......moved? Meaning......?"
Taichi: "She'll be sent to a proper mental hospital."
Kiri: "That's......"
Kiri appeared to have lost her words.
Taichi: "Hey, there are times at school where you can't help being alone, right? If everyone around you were normal and healthy, they'd notice, but......everyone's got their hands full with themselves."
Taichi: "Those lonely times that Miyuki hates more than anything...they're everywhere."
For example, after school. An empty classroom.
For example, the grounds. An uninhabited field.
For example, the classroom. A fractured space without connections between people, even when people are there.
Taichi: "There are blanks everywhere."
Taichi: "She joined the Broadcasting Club because we were a gathering of people who could preserve our own self-consciousness."
Taichi: "That's the intent with which the Broadcasting Club was founded."
Taichi: "Since there aren't that many clubs."
I shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "It's hard to make friends. But we have to make them. Do you know why?"
Kiri: "......no."
Taichi: "Because we need them, in order to raise and nurture our hearts."
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "I became friends with Yutaka. That was a good thing."
Taichi: "I thought I'd like to be friends with Miyuki too. But my approach with her might've been a bit wrong."
Taichi: "Still, this is all I know how to do."
I forced a smile.
Taichi: "I really am a clever guy."
Kiri: "......then......you've been sexual harassing ......for a reason?"
Taichi: "There is an ulterior motive."
I answered honestly.
Kiri: "Gu!"
Taichi: "My rationality is abnormally fragile."
Taichi: "But, there is a conscious part to it."
Taichi: "Namely, that plain girl might be able to become a memory of mine."
I took the teapot out of its cozy.
Still hot. It was a good cozy indeed.
I poured the red tea into my teacup and drank it.
Taichi: "Everyone wants connections."
Taichi: "It's not just me. Everyone wants them."
Taichi: "Cell phones, the internet, letters, friends."
Taichi: "Aren't those all connections?"
Taichi: "All of those make us expect that someone is there, by dispatching words, information and thoughts."
Taichi: "I don't want to wonder whether the people I contact are just shells or not."
Taichi: "That's why I sexually harass them, and will continue to do so."
Taichi: "......nothing that you can do will stop me."
I gulped down my tea.
Taichi: "If you want to stop me, then go ahead and try. Kicks or choke holds or sixty-nines."
Kiri: "......sixty-nine?"
Taichi: "I think it'd be nice if I could be connected to you again by those things. Although it might be a problem for you."
Kiri: "........................"
She looked down.
This girl was lost in thought.
Into a labyrinth of thought that I'd pushed her into.
I ruminated on the words I'd used.
Almost like 『I'm doing my best despite being unhealthy.』
I had a mind to swallow that deception and hide it deep within me.
Kiri: "I can't...accept that."
At long last, Kiri spoke resolutely.
Kiri: "That's all I can say right now......"
Taichi: "I see."
That's good.
You mustn't be fooled easily.
Because the world is quite filthy.
Kiri: "But leaving all that aside, once again, I am Sakura Kiri."
She lowered her head politely.
Taichi: "Eh?"
Kiri: "I am......Sakura Kiri."
Taichi: "Ah, yeah. I'm Kurosu Taichi."
In the end, it was like an awkward meeting.
Taichi: "Now, I should be getting home soon......Yutaka's sleeping after all......"
I stood up.
Kiri: "I'm sorry. He sleeps a lot."
Taichi: "Right, right, if you want to win my favor, come to the Broadcasting Club."
Kiri: "......okay."
Taichi: "But if you come, I'll touch you. Make sure you come prepared with countermeasures against that."
Kiri: "............"
Kiri smiled ironically.
That was the first time I saw her smile.
Miyuki disappeared in less than a year.
Kiri got to know Miki afterward, and they started coming to the Broadcasting Club as a pair.
My consciousness flew farther, remembering that time in detail.
Taichi: "Oooh, you've come."
Miki: "Heya."
Kiri: "......hello."
They were like two flowers planted in the same garden.
Taichi: "Flowers!"
Misato: "What's that?"
Taichi: "Their stage name. Stage names are required in the Broadcasting Club. Everyone has one."
Miki: "Fuaa..."
Tomoki: "Again with those lies, ga!"
Somehow, I punched him right around the moment he said 'lies.'
Taichi: "Tomoki is 'Immoral,' Sakuraba is 'Mister Vigilante,' and I am 'Love Aristocrat.'"
Miki: "Is that true?"
Taichi: "Indeed it is!"
Miki: "Please show me a conversation with those names."
Taichi: "Hey, Immoral, how's Siscon been doing? He's exactly the same as always, right?"
Misato: "Shisukon?"
Tomoki: "Please stoooop."
I was being strangled.
Tomoki was desperate, since the sister was also here.
Taichi: "......I gggh...get it......suggender......suggendr......I'm dying......"
Sakuraba: "Only the Love Aristocrat can die from love?"
Taichi: "I think I'm going to go 『meet』 my mama in heaven......"
Misato: "Hey! Violence gets you suspended."
Mimi-sempai chopped Tomoki's head.
Tomoki: "Ah, yeah......"
Taichi: "......I thought I'd die."
Tomoki: "You reap what you sow."
Kiri: "......haa."
Kiri was suddenly tired.
Taichi: "What's with that delicate act?"
Taichi: "The Broadcasting Club is a nominal sports club, you know?"
Misato: "......again with the......"
Taichi: "With the third years happily graduated, Sakuraba-sensei had troublesome expectations for you two to come in and fill their shoes."
Sakuraba: "Yeah."
Sakuraba stood up coolly, and spoke while the finger he'd been pointing with had been beaten down.
Sakuraba: "Today, I want to give everyone a lesson on a type of persimmon tree."
Taichi: "That's good, Sensei!"
Misato: "Your finger is engorged with blood."
Sakuraba: "You all know that peanuts are classified as a kind of persimmon tree."
Sakuraba spoke, ignoring us, or perhaps not hearing us.
Miki nodded twice.
She's honest.
Sakuraba: "There are a surprising number of people who cannot forgive those peanuts."
Miki: "That's true."
Sakuraba: "I have always been unable to allow that deception. Why do you think that is?"
Taichi: "Ha, because peanuts are classified that way, that means there is a persimmon tree which grows peanuts?"
Sakuraba: "That's right. If you don't like it, go eat a pure persimmon tree. Complaints about peanuts because of the peanut persimmon tree only end up denying proper respect to the peanut persimmon tree."
Sakuraba: "It's a deception."
Taichi: "It is exactly as you say!"
Sakuraba: "That is why I only eat peanuts that grow on persimmon trees."
Taichi: "......are you an idiot?"
We sobered up.
Sakuraba: "Did you understand?"
Taichi: "Listen to us!"
Sakuraba: "My right ear is hard of hearing."
This was true.
It's no obstacle in his daily life though.
Taichi: "It is hard to forgive that power of yours which returned me to my true self."
Taichi: "I shall deprive you of the 'ku' in your surname of 'Sakuraba,' leaving you with the name of a queen!"
Sakuraba: "What?"
Taichi: "From today onward, you are Saraba. Saraba Sakuraba. Good afternoon, Saraba."
Words are fun.
Sakuraba: "I understand."
Tomoki: "Hey, don't acknowledge that."
Sakuraba: "My talk ends here."
He sat down once again, and began curling his fingers to make the stinging go away.
Misato: "......these people."
She'd gathered them all.
Miki: "I really understand."
Kiri: "......"
Misato: "You think this will work out?"
Miki: "Somehow, it seems fine. Right, Saku-chin?"
Kiri: "......Sensei told me to make it work out."
Misato: "Well, we won't force you to do anything......if you don't like it you can quit anytime."
Taichi: "Ah, nooo......we just got flowers in the workplace."
Misato: "......there you have it."
You're going to buy them? They still look like brats, so they might be easily reeled in.
Taichi: "You're going to buy them? They still look like brats, so they might be easily reeled in. It's the club-joining-celebration plan."
Tomoki: "You're saying your thoughts out loud again, Taichi."
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Nnnn, okay, this."
I pulled out two items from the Taichi Bag.
Taichi: "Squad Member Yamanba Miki!"
Miki: "Hi, I'm Yamanobe. Yes!"
One of the items was colored paper.
Taichi: "This is for you. The big star and cosmetic surgery pro that all the mischievous boys seem to love, Mich**l Jack**n---"
Miki: "Is-is that colored autograph paper!?"
Taichi: "Whom I, the Love Aristocrat Kurosu Taichi, have looked up to as an idol. I give you my autograph."
I pushed it to her.
Miki: "Ayaya."
Taichi: "Oyoyo."
Taichi: "And, Squad Member Sakura Kiri!"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "This is for you. The big man in baseball today, Ba** Ruth---"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "I present you with this Taichi doll."
Misato: "Are those lines even connected?"
Misato: "They aren't in the slightest, are they?"
As one could understand from the fact that Sempai wears glasses (?), she's a person of rules.
Disorderly things seem to get on her nerves.
Tomoki: "He cut it off because there was no reaction."
Taichi: "......now then, Sakura-kun. Feel free to always carry this, rain or shine, and make it your little friend to hold at night when you cry."
Kiri: "............"
Since she didn't put her hand out, I hung it around her neck with a string.
Miki: "Did you make it yourself?"
Taichi: "That is true."
Sakuraba: "A miniature."
Miki: "For a peanut specialist, what you say is rather granular."
All Three: "!!!"
Sakuraba, Tomoki and I looked at each other.
We liked this gag.
Taichi: "She passes."
Tomoki: "Yes."
Sakuraba: "Good."
We gave Miki a thumbs-up.
Miki: "Eh......huh, what?"
Kiri: "............and..."
Kiri: "Huh? It won't come off?"
Kiri was trying to throw away the doll.
Taichi: "Waaaiiit!"
Kiri: "Mu!"
Her face showed that I'd tricked her successfully.
Taichi: "Did you try to throw it away? You tried to throw it away, didn't you?"
I took pride in my win.
Taichi: "It's a shame, but 『To throw out the Taichi doll is a terrible thing!』"
Kiri: "I don't understand."
Taichi: "It's an amazingly important item!"
Taichi: "So it's useless to try and throw it away."
Kiri: "......it's cursed?"
Miki: "Waaa, then this autograph is too!"
Miki tried to throw the autograph out the window.
A voice came from nowhere in particular.
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
Miki: "Hayan!!?"
Taichi: "Wahahahahahaha!"
Tomoki: "Are you using magic?"
Misato: "Is this how we......aren't we celebrating our new members?"
The doors in front and behind opened simultaneously.
Shinkawa: "Heya. Did Kiri come here?"
Touko: "Hey, Taichi! Didn't I tell you to wait! Why'd you go ahead on your own!?"
Two simultaneous visitors.
Misato: "Ah, welcome."
Misato: "Let's bring out some cold tea for our visitors."
To the fridge in a hurry.
Sakuraba: "The refrigerator is empty today, club president-sempai."
Misato: "Hau!"
Misato: "I'll go buy some, so please keep them here!"
Taichi: "Roger."
Touko: "Ah, that's okay......you don't have to......"
Misato: "I do. Absolutely!"
She disappeared down the hallway while flapping her arms.
Kiri: "......Yutaka, what did you come here for?"
Shinkawa: "I guess I should say something......thank you for looking after part of my family."
Kiri: "You shouldn't. Go home."
She tried to push him out.
Tomoki: "Is Shinkawa joining the club too?"
Shinkawa: "Eh!? I'm in the Baseball Club."
Miki: "Did we have a Baseball Club?"
Sakuraba: "It's an organization of only three members which plays very hard with three bases."
Miki: "......haeee, fuaniiina."
Taichi: "This school is quite fuaniina itself."
Touko: "Aaah, Taichi! Why did you blow off our promise to......"
Taichi: "You can pass items to other people."
Miki: "Umm, Kirihara-sempai, I give you this!"
Touko: "Eh?"
She received it.
Touko: "No, what is this? It won't come off my hand? Eh? Glue?"
Shaking can't remove it.
Touko: "Hey, what's going on here!!?"
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
Taichi: "Don't make the 'discarded' comment repeat itself for no reason. System messages are annoying."
Touko: "I can't hear those nonsensical messages."
Taichi: "You have no choice but to give it to someone."
Touko: "Then why don't you take responsibility for this!?"
It cannot be given to Taichi!
Touko: "Why not?!"
Taichi: "You can't pass it to anyone who isn't a friend."
Taichi: "You and I are no different from strangers, so you can't pass it to me."
Touko opened and closed her mouth like a goldfish.
Touko: "Wh-wh-what did you say!!?"
Taichi: "Give up and become a club member."
Touko: "Mokiiiiiiiiiii!!"
Kiri: "Just pass it to someone already! That's embarrassing!"
Shinkawa: "That's why I was worried about whether this would go well......you aren't that dependable after all......"
Kiri: "It'll go well. She just has to pass it."
Sakuraba: "Hu, it's awfully lively today."
Sakuraba whispered.
Tomoki: "Oh, your fingers are fine now?"
Sakuraba: "Thanks to the power of soap and water."
Sempai came tottering back, and put cups on coasters.
Misato: "There's no tea, but I've poured water into the teacups!"
Taichi: "What's the point!?"
Miki: "Ahahahaha."
Laughing and getting angry.
The noise of a small festival.
This is good.
This is how memories should be.
Taichi: "Everyone please look! Something horrible has happened!"
Their eyes gathered on me.
Taichi: "I'm streaking!!"
I nimbly stripped off my clothes.
Tomoki: "You are just...!"
I was kicked off.
I hugged Touko's butt.
Touko: "Kiaaaaaaaa!!?"
Taichi: "It's a bit shallow. I can touch your pelvis. Get more meaty down here."
Touko: "Kieeeeeeee!!!"
Fighting spirit.
Taichi: "Gufuuu!!"
I hugged Kiri.
Kiri: "Being touched by a boyyyyyyyy!!!"
Taichi: "Gyafuuu!!"
Miki: "Waaaai!!"
Taichi: "Guooo!!?"
Touko: "You too, Miyasumi Misato."
Misato: "Eh? B-but?"
Touko: "You lose if he hits the ground."
NANACA CRASH!
Am I a ball?
Misato: "Well, that would be bad."
Misato: "L-like this?"
Taichi: "Seryaaa!!"
Tomoki: "You put in a lot of fighting spirit right at the end."
Sakuraba: "I saw that as Taichi's special service."
Miki: "He's a man!"
That was fun.
Endlessly fun.
A high quality memory.
I definitely don't want to forget this.
I wished that I wouldn't.
At night, while I was writing my diary,
Taichi: "Nn?"
I heard a noise outside.
I blew out the candle,
Moved to the window,
And looked outside.
Someone was walking down the street in front of my house.
......Kiri.
She was carrying something.
Maybe I was just starving for things to write in my diary.
My curiosity raised its head.
I went downstairs.
From far away, I 『could see』 Kiri's back.
I followed her.
We left the town, and at long last, Kiri set down what she'd been carrying.
I killed my presence to prevent her finding me, and approached.
A crossbow---
It definitely wasn't a toy.
Out of everything you could get in this country, it was a weapon of unparalleled strength.
Though it can't fire repeatedly.
It excels in silence, and abounds in destructive power.
Kiri pulled the trigger.
An arrow pierced a rotted tree.
The sound of air moving was left in my ears.
Kiri readied a new arrow.
She finished loading it with the cocking device.
Awkward.
But, I knew.
This is training.
To fight.
But, with who?
With......who......?
Icicles entered my back.
Taichi: "......!"
Youko: "Shh."
Just as I started to jump up, my shoulder was pushed down with exquisite timing.
Telling me to sit.
The strength left my knees.
Taichi: "......yo......"
Youko: "Stay quiet."
I took one deep breath, regaining my calmness.
I spoke in a low voice.
Taichi: "Why are you here?"
Youko: "Same as Taichi."
So she'd noticed Kiri's behavior.
Youko: "She seems to be doing this every day."
Taichi: "......where did she get that thing?"
Youko: "Mania."
Taichi: "Yeah, that seems right......"
If you have money, you can purchase anything with comparative ease.
Kiri continued her training for a while.
Youko: "......do you want me to take it?"
Sudden words.
The space between the periodic whistling sounds sucked me into silence.
Simply remaining in my ears forever.
Accompanied by something which made me shudder.
Youko: 『Taichi......do you want me to take it?』
Youko: 『I'll take it for you.』
Taichi: "What you're saying......"
Youko: "If Taichi wishes me to."
Taichi: "I don't."
Youko: "But......"
She glared at me.
Taichi: "If you're going to listen to what I say, please don't do anything."
Youko: "......I understand."
I lowered my shoulders indifferently.
Taichi: "Youko-chan, even you're human......the same. Human."
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "At the very least, as long as you're with me, you're half human."
Youko: "I..."
Youko: "I don't think of Taichi as human."
Youko: "Taichi is Taichi. That's enough for me. And I am me. The two of us are one."
Youko: "Half-children."
Taichi: "......fiances, right?"
She smiled.
Youko: "Yes, fiances."
Even though her smiles sometimes held a maiden's innocence.
Why---
Before that sorrow painted over my heart, Kiri moved.
She collected all the arrows she'd shot.
And then shot them again.
Kiri completed three rounds of this training.
Youko: "With her skill, as long as she can't aim at point blank range, I think I'll be fine."
Taichi: "I don't want it to come down to that......"
I unexpectedly remembered the hokora.
Taichi: "Hey, Youko-chan, do you know about the hokora?"
Youko: "......I know."
Taichi: "That this world is......"
Youko: "Lack of information."
She cut off my words as if with a slap.
Youko: "Intellect isn't for being hasty."
Taichi: "But,"
Youko: "Even if the world is repeating itself, I don't think there's any need to discuss it now."
Taichi: "............"
I kept silent.
If she says it, then it's so.
Hasekura Youko is always accurate.
Kiri went away.
There was no longer a need to pursue her.
We walked across the plain and examined the targeted tree.
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "......Taichi."
Taichi: "It's okay."
Taichi: "It's okay......"
Taichi: "......nn?"
When I returned home, there was a cardboard box left on the doorstep.
Inside......there was food.
Taichi: "Tomoki?"
He's really delivering all of these boxes on his own.
What a serious guy.
Taichi: "......he's too good to be true."
The fact that he's that serious.
Serious fleeing.
You could say it was just like Tomoki.
I bit into an apple. It was lukewarm.
Shinkawa: "Actually, I have some memory loss."
He suddenly said.
Taichi: "Just like a main character."
Shinkawa: "?"
Taichi: "It's nothing, please forget it."
Shinkawa spoke.
About not having any memories of his boyhood.
About being trypanophobic.
About feeling a pathological fear from the darkness of a forest.
Something happened to him a long time ago.
But he doesn't know what.
Kiri's parents wouldn't tell him.
Shinkawa Yutaka doesn't have a family.
I didn't want to take away those words but it had to be done. It was way too a far away from the other "about"s and sounded so awkward.-Spin 
Everything was in darkness.
And then he got sent to Gunjou, along with Kiri.
Taichi: ......*munch* *munch*
I listened while devouring a pizza.
It'd been delivered.
At that time, I was extremely wealthy, so I'd been getting my lunches delivered.
Gunjou's rules practically didn't exist, due to the pretext that they're trying to heal our hearts.
For all they know, if I'd been stopped from ordering pizza, I might have become emotionally unstable.
If one is self-conscious enough, this school that isolates people on the pretext of healing effectively can become a lawless district.
......like a prison on a small island.
Taichi: "Hmmm, I see. Memory loss. Hmmm."
I deliberated long and hard. Then,
Taichi: "Okay!"
Shinkawa: "I see......well I thought it'd be like that......"
Taichi: "I agree with the Shinkawa who has memory loss. But I am sorry to be subjected to the Shinkawa who does not have amnesia."
Shinkawa: "............"
Kiri entered into our mellow space.
Kiri: "You're both mating again."
Taichi: "It's Kiri-chin."
Kiri: "......please don't call me Kiri-chin."
Taichi: "But aren't you Kiri-chin?"
Kiri: "I'm Kiri."
Taichi: "Then Kiri."
Kiri: "Please use an honorific!"
Taichi: "Which is it?"
Taichi: "Hey, Yutaka?"
Shinkawa: "........................"
He was sleeping.
Taichi: "This guy falls asleep really fast."
Kiri: "......he's always been like that."
Kiri: "It's like an aftereffect of some disease......"
Taichi: "Aaah, that memory loss he had."
Kiri: "......Yutaka told you?"
Taichi: "Just now."
Kiri: "I see......he really trusts you."
Taichi: "Huh?"
Kiri: "We had no friends at our previous school. Neither him nor me."
It happens a lot.
Especially when results of adaptation exams get leaked.
Kiri: "Even those who were our friends betrayed us......so we couldn't trust anyone......"
Kiri: "Even though we weren't hurting anyone, everyone hurt us."
Taichi: "And then you showed your fangs."
Kiri: "Isn't it only natural to defend yourself from attack?"
Taichi: "That's one way to think about it."
Taichi: "But shooting and killing wild beasts that protect themselves is the way of the world."
Kiri: "......are you not a human?"
Kiri spoke softly.
She burned with righteous indignation.
Kiri was too straightforward to live in modern times.
Taichi: "Inside me......there is something which really isn't a person."
Taichi: "Do you ever think that the humans around you don't matter at all?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "I do on occasions. Only occasionally, but......if I ever became completely like that, I'd be finished."
Taichi: "I have to do my best to live. Just a little bit of wagging my tail and singing praises for those guys, that group that call themselves normal people......I have to live..."
Kiri: "For that, you'll take such strange actions?"
Taichi: "Dunno......never thought about it."
Taichi: "......you're that way too."
Kiri: "Eh......I am, too?"
Taichi: "Don't you want to live?"
Kiri: "I......"
Kiri: "I..."
She lowered her face and held herself.
Kiri: "I can't stand how scary the world is."
Taichi: "What part of it?"
Kiri: "......the malice."
Kiri: "Everyone's malice......"
Kiri: "No one......is kind......there's so little kindness......"
She was shaking.
Yes,
She didn't wish to come here either.
She had to come here.
That's what the country decided.
Disobedience couldn't be forgiven.
Kiri: "......humans, when they pass away, they're gone just like that......because there's hardly anything in the world......"
Kiri: "There are so many places with 『nothing there.』 There's hardly ever 『something there!』"
Kiri: "We don't know when we'll be swept away......that's what I think."
Taichi: "That's......like a sci-fi story about...humanity's annihilation or something?"
Kiri: "It's different from that......it's different from things like that, which have reasons......"
Kiri: "It's like I've woken up from a dream."
Kiri: "Even though it's scary, with nothing but quarreling......"
Kiri: "But sometimes I think, if everything suddenly disappeared one day......and if I was left alone......in this petty world......"
Kiri: "I......I'd......"
Taichi: "Sakura Kiri."
I called her back.
Color came back to her sunken expression.
Kiri: "Ah......I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "Afraid of malice, afraid of being alone......"
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "You can sit down and have some pizza."
Taichi: "One of the eaters fell asleep."
Shinkawa: "............"
Kiri: "......ha."
She sat down slowly. She didn't pick up any pizza.
Resurgence of emotions.
She stayed still for a bit.
Taichi: "The end result is being exiled."
Kiri: "......is this where exiles go?"
Taichi: "Yes it is."
Taichi: "But there's no malice, or harassment. Take a look."
I indicated our surroundings.
Lunchtime.
Those who could eat on their own were eating their meals little by little.
No gatherings; everyone was eating alone.
No conversations.
Only Shinkawa and I had been talking.
Taichi: "Everyone's passing time peacefully."
Taichi: "In a sense, it's a group of those with the strength to live alone."
Taichi: "Not needing to connect with people, concluding on their own."
Taichi: "Completed humanity."
Kiri: "That's......strange."
Taichi: "If you connect with people while inexperienced, mistakes and inconsistencies occur."
Taichi: "Aren't those also apt to occur between normal people?"
Taichi: "That's why people should become perfect and fulfill themselves."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Going to eat?"
Kiri: "Ah......I can't eat something someone else has touched......"
Taichi: "So you're fastidious."
Kiri: "......especially if a man touched it......"
Taichi: "Are you androphobic too?"
Kiri: "Ah, I'm not especially......it's just, for some reason......men seem......unclean."
Taichi: "You speak recklessly."
Is she simply becoming conscious of the other gender now that she's entering puberty?
She easily turns hostile, and in peacetime she's daunted.
Kiri: "............" (shyness)
......like right now.
Which means, if I dug under the surface, I'd find her to be deeply interested in sexual acts.
Yaaay.
Taichi: "No, why am I happy about that......"
I can't steal Yutaka's future wife.
Kiri: "Ummm, about that last topic......"
Kiri: "There might not be any malice here......but in this school......I get a much stronger feeling that 『nothing's here』......since no one will answer when I talk to them."
Taichi: "That doesn't mean they're ignoring you. The rules are just different here."
Kiri: "......rules?"
She acted as if she was full of questions once again, and she looked as young as she should at her age.
I understood that this was the real Kiri.
This bashful and nervously rambling girl.
Taichi: "You could say they're on a different channel......or that they just don't cross each other......"
I can't explain it well.
Taichi: "It's because both of our states of mind have normal bases, Kiri-chin. Our standards are different from those whose bases aren't normal."
Taichi: "If you follow someone else's rules when contacting them, you can have a conversation."
Kiri: "......how would you......follow such rules......?"
Taichi: "Just observe well. That's right......for example,"
I moved toward a girl with dark glasses sitting nearby.
She and I were actually crossing.
I clapped my hands.
She looked at me.
I held a slice of pizza in front of her.
Girl: "............"
She showed interest.
She tried to grab it.
I moved away a bit, and she stopped trying.
Her sanctuary was a radius of thirty centimeters.
Girl: "........................"
She thought, and held out her bentou box to me.
Taichi: "Okayyyy."
I took one piece of her tamagoyaki.
And in exchange I presented her with the pizza.
Girl: "......!"
She started munching on it quietly.
Taichi: "Just like that."
Kiri: "......what was that?"
Taichi: "Exchange of goods is fundamental to that girl."
Taichi: "Otherwise she's fine in her own world. So anything happening outside a thirty centimeter radius is of little concern to her."
Taichi: "It's a kind of Savant Syndrome. She's abnormally good with basic calculations. She can quickly answer what the day of the week is for some calendar date a few hundred years in the future."
Taichi: "Maybe she's gazing at a sea of numbers."
Kiri: "......is that person happy like that?"
Taichi: "Naturally."
Taichi: "Each person has a different form of happiness."
Kiri: "......I don't like that."
Kiri: "There might not be any malice, but I don't like this."
Kiri: "After all......even though there are people here......each one of them is closed off......as if on a solitary island in some distant sea......"
Kiri: "I don't like that......"
Taichi: "............"
It's almost as if Kiri...
'Please care about me---'
She looked as if she was screaming that.
Taichi: "Is that your wound?"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Shinkawa moaned.
Taichi: "Oh, Onii-chama seems to be waking up."
Taichi: "Do you like Yutaka?"
Kiri: "That's............hey, wait, what are you saying!?"
She went red.
Kiri: "Ah! I mean! I don't!"
Taichi: "You're easy to read."
Kiri: "I'm telling you I don't!"
Taichi: "Isn't that nice, Yutaka?"
Kiri: "......eeeh?"
Yutaka woke up without a word.
He rubbed his eyes.
Shinkawa: "......crap, I fell asleep again............huh, my pizza?"
Taichi: "I ate it."
Shinkawa: "What, did you......?"
He was amazed.
Taichi: "But I didn't think you'd wake up."
Yutaka moaned softly.
But he didn't seem to be complaining anymore.
Shinkawa: "......"
Instead something else caught his attention.
He looked at me.
He looked at Kiri's red face.
He folded his arms and thought.
Once again Yutaka looked up at Kiri.
Shinkawa: "Okay, I understand the circumstances......so, did she decide?"
Taichi: "The wedding's tomorrow."
Kiri: "We're not having one!!!"
That sort of thing happened.
No one's here.
I opened up my bentou by myself.
Taichi: *sigh*
As usual, a double portion.
With nothing else to do, I went to the roof again.
Kiri was there.
She looked around the outside world through the fence.
Deja vu pulled my consciousness away to the distant past.
Summer was starting to end.
The cicadas were remarkably noisy.
Crying voices that seemed to be beating me.
I could tell they were at the end of their lives.
A summer dyed with the dregs of life.
Kiri was on the roof.
Alone.
She'd been crying.
Even from behind, I could tell by the shaking of her shoulders.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
Kiri: "......Kurosu......sempai?"
She didn't hide her tears.
Kiri: "Yutaka......Yutaka, he......fell from here......"
Taichi: "Yeah......"
I knew.
There was no one who didn't know.
Not in this city.
In normal society, a student jumping to his death is a rather big topic.
His or her guardians ask the school questions about who was at fault, and try to bring them to light.
The school tries to evade responsibility.
That's not the case at Gunjou.
No one in society will come asking questions, and the school won't run away.
A number of people took responsibility.
Society couldn't care less about the dangerous boys and girls at Gunjou.
Very few were saddened by it.
Kiri: "No one......no one......feels sad......no one cares......how any of us feel......how any of us lived!"
She was unusually excitable.
A week had already passed since Yutaka's death.
Kiri's sorrow was belated.
Taichi: "Hey, Kiri......was Yutaka happy?"
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "Was he as happy as he could have been?"
An ordinary question.
But,
The meaning was exactly the opposite.
Kiri: "......he's always been in pain."
Taichi: "Always? Are you sure?"
Taichi: "There wasn't even a moment of happiness?"
Kiri: "That's......"
Undoubtedly, there was.
Kiri: "......after becoming friends with Sempai......he started smiling......"
Kiri: "But he wasn't recovering at all!"
Her tone strengthened.
Kiri: "He hadn't recovered from even a tiny bit of the pain he received!"
Taichi: "Then Kiri-chin thinks there was something lacking in Yutaka's life?"
Kiri: "That's not......what I meant......"
Taichi: "......I may say that, but sadness isn't a logical thing."
I'd been in doubt too.
About how to deal with Kiri.
Taichi: "It's okay to cry."
I looked up at the sky.
The pure white buried my field of vision in the moment before I came to understand that it was a huge cloud.
Taichi: "At least before summer ends."
Along with the last moments of the cicadas.
Did Kiri hear in that a meaning which included a thousand emotions?
Kiri: "......uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
She shut her eyes, grabbed my shirt sleeve and raised her voice.
Kiri: "Yuta-nii......he died......he's dead......"
Sobbing.
Taichi: "............"
Yuta-nii.
That was her beloved onii-chan.
He lived well, even with only one leg.
Kiri's parents---
On their faces, which I saw at Yutaka's funeral, there was light relief.
Was Kiri aware of that?
Most likely, she knew all about it.
Even after meeting so many cruel fates, those two continued to support one another.
In a sense, two halves of one body.
Kiri was only a half.
Just like me......
Except, Kiri wished to be that way.
Now, strong emotions deprived her of spirit.
But someday, her sadness will lessen, and she'll search for her other half.
Yutaka and Kiri.
Two people who were of one body and mind.
Kiri had no sins.
But I......my monster...stirred.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
I wrapped my hands around her back.
Violent passions made Kiri unable to sense approaching enemies, so she didn't notice.
Kiri: "Uuuuu......uaaaa......"
Little by little, her emotions subsided.
By then, I was completely embracing Kiri.
Taichi: "Kiri......are you lonely?"
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "You are lonely."
Kiri: "......Kurosu-sempai?"
Taichi: "I'm very empty."
I looked down at her small features.
Two deep obsidian stones leaked salt water on her face.
Taichi: "I think Yutaka was happy. Kiri was there, so he forgot all the bad things."
Taichi: "I think he was happy up until his final moments."
I moved my face closer.
Kiri: "............eh?"
She became a little confused.
Our faces crossed paths.
I stole her lips.
Kiri: "............!!?"
Her four limbs went berserk.
I held her tight.
Kiri: "......nna."
Kiri choked.
I pushed her against the fence, and continued sucking her lips.
Kiri: "......fua......no......stop......"
Surprise robbed Kiri of the ability to think.
She couldn't resist well.
Taichi: "Are you lonely?"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Aren't you lonely?"
Kiri: "......I don't......know......"
I kissed her.
The second time.
This time I invaded as far as the inside of the gums.
At the same time, I moved one hand inside her skirt.
Kiri: "Nn!......Nn, nnnnnnn!!?"
Her resistance suddenly strengthened.
Kiri pushed me away.
Kiri: "P-please stop!!!"
Taichi: "............"
I think I had a slight smile. I'm sure of it.
Kiri: "You are......"
I saw her shock slowly become covered in abhorrence.
Kiri: "--!!"
She ran away.
Passing right by me.
A creaking door. A closing door.
Taichi: "......haha."
I covered my face with my hands.
I see, this certainly is bad.
The corners of my mouth rose brutally.
Kiri and I became estranged.
She seldom showed up to club after that.
There were times Miki brought her along by force, but she avoided me.
We no longer conversed, and our relationship stopped.
That sort of thing happened---
Taichi: "............"
And now,
Just as Kiri said, the world is plain and clean.
I learned that humans can easily 『go away.』
It would've been nice if, not necessarily Adam and Eve, but if at least some slightly more perfect humans had lived through it.
Adam and Eve were originally created with the completeness to live on for all eternity, but after eating the fruit that belonged to the Tree of Knowledge, they were made incomplete as punishment.
Even so, it's recorded that they lived for a millennium.
Reading through the Bible, it's clear that the lifespans of their descendants shrank with each generation.
And now, the present day.
We were beginning to lose even our health.
What on Earth does God intend to do by pulling out all these wounded humans?
Including me......with all my dark emotions.
He must have thought that the world's going to keep turning anyway.
That nothing is irreparable.
Extreme Argument 1:
Even if I massacre everyone, everything will be reset.
On top of that, I'll lose my memory of it.
In a world without opportunities, there is only the amusement of possibilities.
That pleasure had been drawn out for me.
Desires raised their ugly heads.
Saying the game had begun.
Taichi: "Kiri-chin, that's the place where Shinkawa Yutaka died."
Kiri wasn't surprised.
She slowly turned around.
Taichi: "?"
I was a little amazed that Kiri wasn't surprised.
Kiri: "......the world has become this......where people have disappeared......"
Kiri: "In exchange for the disappearance of malice......there's no longer any substance......"
Kiri: "Even so, you didn't change, did you?"
Taichi: "............"
I was taken aback.
Her speech seemed almost belligerent.
Kiri: "......I've thought about saying this for a while."
Kiri: "Sempai, why are you still alive?"
A wedge was slammed into my heart.
『Hey, I have a question for you......why won't you go die already?』
They overlapped.
The past and present.
Crossing.
As if a knife I'd thrown a long time ago was now being unexpectedly thrown back at me.
An ironic composition.
Kiri: "Do you think you have the right to live?"
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "You are...black."
I felt that it was an accurate metaphor.
Kiri: "You're not a person. You're only something resembling a person. You're imitating a person. Like an insect."
Kiri: "You imitate, change into a person and attack people."
Kiri: "You are something that hurts people. You are incompatible with them."
Kiri: "A long time ago, the reason why your adaptation coefficient surpassed eighty was a mystery. But that's not the slightest bit strange. The part inside you that is a person is literally less than twenty percent."
She spoke loquaciously.
She's covering up the Sakura Kiri persona that she'd kept up until now, instead, constructing a more striking image.
The knife of her words had been trying to pierce my mind.
Until now she's only carried dull blades---
Now it was Sakura Kiri's trump card!
Kiri: "A monster."
Kiri: "You deceive by not acting completely like a monster, despite being no better than one."
Kiri: "Do you think sympathy can sprout between a person and a monster, such that they can live together all friendly and happily? Do you think you can obtain the happiness of a person?"
Kiri: "It's impossible."
Kiri: "The very little kindness in the world definitely will not be given to you. No, it must not be given to you."
Kiri: "It's the same as saying that no person holds love for the parasite that inhabits and eats away at their body. Even if there was, that person would be a lunatic."
Kiri: "You're always searching for prey to be sacrificed for your own ends. I understand. Until now that's been suppressed. But now that the world's become this, and people have dwindled, your suppression is no longer working."
Kiri: "Because you've lost the need to imitate us."
Kiri: "Your eyes always fall on us for the purpose of taking pleasure in hurting us. And without a single thought for us, you're trying to take your time ridiculing us as much as possible."
Kiri: "You're not a person, and you're not a monster."
Kiri: "So then, what are you? Something like you that isn't anyone or anything should have disappeared from this world. That's what I think."
Kiri: "Even the majority of humanity, filled with malice, had value far above that of your life. To me, they did."
Kiri: "I will give you two warnings."
Kiri: "First, if you're thinking that you can really become human through contacting others, you're mistaken. That's impossible. That thought profanes humans. I've never seen a monster as perfect as Sempai."
Kiri: "It is no exaggeration that you are a mentally deranged person. A lunatic among lunatics."
Kiri: "......the zenith of people who can go insane."
Kiri: "And one more: don't even think about laying your hands on us."
Kiri: "If Sempai approaches us, searching for a living sacrifice......"
Kiri drew out her last thrust.
Kiri: "I will shoot and kill you."
Taichi: "........................"
Kiri: "......I will absolutely not hand Miki over to you."
Kiri: "I won't let you destroy her!"
Her footsteps passed me in a straight line.
A creaking door. A closing door.
I became alone.
Taichi: "............monster......"
Monster.
Monster.
Monster.
I ruminated on that word, and ground my teeth.
Suffering.
This is the taste of my brain.
The brain secretes certain kinds of nerve transmissions, and those flavors ride directly along the nerves governing my sense of taste, causing this hallucination.
Monster.
Aptly similar to the word for when I show myself.
Taichi: "Owowow."
See, it hurts.
My parched heart shrank.
The countless shards piercing it continued to produce sharp pain.
Taichi: "She didn't......mince her words at all......"
I fell to my knees.
I stood up, dizzy.
Taichi: "Aaah, ow......ow, ow. It hurts, but..."
None of them are mortal wounds.
Kiri's knife had not effectively penetrated my heart.
It had only made small wounds on the surface.
There is pain, but,
It's mere child's play.
The 『attack』 I'd once received was nothing like this.
But I felt that it'd been a long time since I'd received an attack.
A moderate attack brings moderate stress.
A state close to drunkenness.
I lay down there.
Taichi: "......if you're going to shoot me......please do it......"
Taichi: "Please make it all better...ha♪"
I didn't feel too bad.
Consciousness resurfacing.
I raised the periscope of my physical senses.
Based on how hungry I felt, it'd been...three hours?
Since I went to sleep.
It was as if I'd been cryogenically frozen.
......thankfully, they were over capacity.
I opened my eyes.
Taichi: "............Miki?"
Miki: "Yes."
Smiling.
Miki: "I am Miki."
Taichi: "I......"
Miki: "Ah, please go back to sleep."
Taichi: "......I can use your lap?"
Miki: "As long as you do nothing perverted."
Taichi: "If I do?"
Miki: "It depends on the degree of sexual harassment, but..."
Miki: "If you do something like dig into my skirt, you'll be shot dead."
Taichi: "......I'm sorry."
Miki: "So please go right ahead and enjoy my lap♪"
Taichi: "Okay."
Soft, and slightly warm.
A good fragrance.
The feel of her uniform, and elasticity of her fresh thighs underneath.
Supreme bliss.
Taichi: "I feel like sleeping again."
Miki: "You may sleep."
Taichi: "But then I wouldn't be able to enjoy this."
Miki: "Huhuhu."
Miki: "......I was surprised when you collapsed."
Taichi: "I was sleeping."
Miki: "Again with your ridiculous lifestyle......"
Miki: "But, Sempai is the best at those times."
Taichi: "......really?"
Miki: "Making every day funny and strange. Making as much noise as a festival..."
Taichi: "............"
Miki: "It makes me...just a little too lonely."
Taichi: "Couldn't agree more."
Taichi: "You can't go from six billion people to just eight."
Miki: "This will influence the continuation of the species."
Taichi: "No, that won't happen."
Miki: "Why? Why is that?"
Taichi: "Hahaha, you already know that."
I extended my hand to her butt.
Miki: "Puncture."
I was pierced.
Taichi: "O-owww!! What is that!?"
Miki: "A knife."
It was a combat knife.
Taichi: "That's dangerous! Why are you carrying such a thing!?"
Miki: "Kiri-chin told me to."
Miki: "Ah, what pierced you just now wasn't the knife, but one of my fingernails. It was a fake♪"
Miki: "It's not bleeding, so don't worry."
Taichi: "Ah, I see......"
I was relieved.
I don't want to see blood if I can avoid it.
I can't let that switch become easier to flip.
Taichi: "For being defense-oriented, isn't Kiri-chin expanding her armaments a bit much?"
Miki: "Miki thinks so too."
Taichi: "Flowers are a symbol of peace you know."
I turned over so that I was lying on my stomach.
I buried my face into the side of Miki's lower abdomen.
Her cute delta zone, obstructed by a few layers of clothing.
Miki: "Ah! Ah!!"
Taichi: "This is in the gray zone, right?"
Miki: "If you do that, I'm going to have to carry out my own foreign policy."
Taichi: "I am no more than a love aristocrat charmed by a beautiful delta."
Miki: "You're going to play with sophistry? In that case,"
She took out a stick.
Miki: "Ear cleaning."
Isn't that nice?
A home-run-grade situation.
Taichi: "Please do. I mean, please do it even if I say no!"
Miki: "......is that okay?"
Taichi: "Please take my aural virginity."
Miki: "......such an unpleasant image..."
Taichi: "Doesn't it make your heart pound?"
Miki: "Well, if that is your wish,"
Taichi: "Be gentle......"
Miki: "I'll make the best of it."
Miki: "Though I don't think the result will accompany that."
......eh?
The ear pick was thrust into my ear.
*scrape!*
Taichi: "!!!!"
Miki: "Already found a big one."
*scrape!* *scrape!* *scrape!*
Taichi: "Ooooh nooo---!?"
Taichi: "Pain! Pain!"
But Miki didn't stop.
Miki: "Huhuhuhuhuhu, this is fun♪ I haven't done it in a while♪"
She's starved for ear cleaning!
Miki: "Theeere, there, there."
*rub!* *scrape!* *poke-poke!* *scratch* *scratch* *scratch* *scratch--!*
Taichi: "Gieeeeeeeeee!!!"
This is nothing like pain.
Is this not ear torture, or eartor if you meaninglessly shorten it?
*rub!* *scrape!* *slide!*
Taichi: "My ear!!"
I produced a scream like that used during Okinawan cooking, and twisted the truth.
Miki: "Ah, it's dangerous to move around."
Miki broke her seiza position.
For a moment I saw her panties.
I was filled with happiness for a split second.
Taichi: "Eh?"
Legs wrapped around my neck.
Thighs squeezed my cheeks.
Taichi: "What are you!!?"
This position......
I had felt the cosmos.
I was enveloped in a girl's thighs.
Miki: "This should be fine. Heheheh."
The torture device (ear pick) was thrust into my ear.
*scraaape!*
Taichi: "Yaooou!!?"
However, my head was fixed in place.
It felt good but I can't run away. I don't want to run away but I do.
Heaven and hell.
Simultaneously!!
Taichi: "Uyayuohinomaueyawoyayuyo{ae}yaeyueyayaupeyowawa!?"
Pain and pleasure.
Alternately rained down and trifled with me.
Miki: "Ah, found a boss-class!"
Miki: "I shall now commence attack."
Miki: "Gooo, gooo, scramble the fighters, it's ear cleaning♪"
She sang aloud.
Taichi: "＃＄％＆％---??"
Taichi: "Gooooooyaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!"
A scream used by Okinawan chefs once again came out of my mouth.
Miki: "Ku! It's strong......okaaay, from the other side."
Taichi: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
That moment, pain surpassed pleasure.
Taichi: "Th-that's not earwax, that's my braaaaaaaaaain!!?"
That can't be.
But, since it's stuck in there this hard, there's no doubt it's a vital organ.
Oh Miki, please find it in your heart not to tear off this child.
Taichi: "P-please, wait! That's gotta be an organ the human body needs! There are things in the human body we think are meaningless but do have meaning! For example, Miki, even that cute little bump of yours has a proper sexual meaning---"
Miki: "Drill attack, spiral♪"
Taichi: "Nooooooo!!!!!"
I produced a scream which meant (omitted).
My ear brain is!!
It's peeling off with cracking sounds!!
Taichi: "I oppose lobotomies!!!"
And then,
*pop!*
Taichi: "-----!!!!"
Like a seductress heading for an orgasm, I convulsed sharply.
Since my head was fixed in place, my four limbs undulated like earthworms.
Miki: "Yes, I got it......uwaaa, huge, amazing, I won."
I'm dead......
But with that I was released.
Taichi: "Y-your lap and thighs are all quite sensual, so, why don't we-"
However, Miki said,
Miki: "Now, shall I gain mastery over the opposite ear?"
Taichi: "........................eh?"
Miki: "Nooow then, now then, I wonder what strong enemies await me in this area."
Her thighs twisted.
Happiness!
I was turned over, breaking that sliver of happiness.
The ear pick was thrust in.
Taichi: "Ginyaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
Such a foreign policy......it is to be feared!
Then,
Taichi: "......fuoooo......"
Ten minutes later, I was released from the swooningly painful double maiden penetration.
Let us say it was the longest ten minutes of my life.
Miki: "Satisfaction, satisfaction♪"
Miki: "Do you want to see the results of the war?"
Taichi: "I'll pass......"
Taichi: "Whoa, I can hear really well."
Miki: "There was a lot built up in there."
Taichi: "It's like a different world."
Miki: "Sempai is the first to be gladdened by my ear cleaning."
I'm not surprised......
No wait, I'm definitely not gladdened.
Taichi: "In fact, I should say I was able to endure it thanks to my powerful worldly desires."
Miki: "Fuo?"
Taichi: "Fuofuofuo."
I laughed it off.
Taichi: "By the way, are you searching for Kiri-chin?"
Miki: "Aaah, you knew? I can't seem to find her."
Taichi: "She was here until three hours ago."
Miki: "Somehow I'm just not bumping into her today."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Maybe because of emotional instability?
Taichi: "Maybe she wants to be alone."
Come to think of it, today is the day Yutaka died.
Yeah, that's right......that'd do it.
Taichi: "......well, why don't we leave her alone for today?"
Miki: "Haa..."
Miki: "......did she say something?"
Miki: "Actually, you did something erotic to Kiricchi, didn't you?"
Taichi: "I di-in't."
I denied with an accent.
Miki: "Is that trueee?"
It's true that I tried to, but,
Taichi: "I am a love gentleman."
Miki: "So you tried to, but she said something harsh and went away."
Taichi: "............"
Miki: "I see."
The image of a master being seen through by a pupil.
Taichi: "Well......it was explained to me with ingenious words just how crazy I am."
Miki: "That's......"
Taichi: "Well, it is the truth."
Miki: "............"
To be honest, I was a little depressed.
Miki: "Sempai......you know I like you when you're in nice mode, right?"
Taichi: "You plan to kill me with compliments? I am a veteran who will not be fooled so easily!"
Miki: "Although you're smiling like crazy."
Aaah, I'm so honest!
Taichi: "Then will you marry me!!?"
Miki: "Why am I being proposed to by someone who's mad at me......?"
Miki: "Nnn, well, yeah, sure."
Taichi: "Eh, seriously?"
Miki: "If Kiri-chin says it's okay."
Taichi: "It was too good to be true!"
Taichi: "But could you at least write that down for me?"
Miki: "......we keep telling you not to act like that."
Taichi: "Now then,"
I lit a candle.
I opened my diary.
I recorded what happened today.
Silently.
In as much detail as possible.
Taichi: "?"
The candle suddenly went out.
This time, there were light footsteps outside.
I stuck my head out the window.
......it's Kiri.
Walking down an empty street.
In any event, she's going to do the same thing as yesterday.
Making the tied up Taichi doll into an object of pitiful hatred.
Even if I watched it, I'd just feel empty.
Taichi: "......!"
Without warning, my spine froze.
I had the sensation of something rubbing up my spinal cord.
Terror sneaking up.
But it was only for a moment.
The chill dissipated as if it'd never been there.
The warmth of the room returned, covering my body.
Now......I'll...
  -Follow Kiri
  -Don't follow
I'll follow her.
I have a feeling something bad will happen.
Something very bad.
It should be this way.
That presence......from before.
I know it.
I know what that is.
And......I found a bicycle.
It wasn't locked.
Borrow.
Now, to the same place as yesterday---
I entered the grassy field.
Kiri......wasn't there.
Didn't she come here?
I tried looking around where Kiri had been standing yesterday.
I found her belongings. She'd come.
Did she move somewhere else?
Taichi: "......"
I took a deep breath.
I closed my eyes, and squeezed my eyeballs with my eyelids.
In the depths of my lenses, the image of a switch being flipped arose.
That's not what happened.
I'm just intentionally accelerating what my eyes would slowly do automatically when the luminosity radically changes.
I opened them.
The night had become brighter.
The subtle movements of the plants were clearly shown in my field of vision.
A cat's eyes---
My senses had become sharper.
Taichi: "I don't like this......not at all."
I even had the sense that I was something entirely different.
Now then,
Deep in the grove of trees,
I felt a faint presence.
Kiri: "......hya!"
I heard a scream.
Taichi: "!"
I ran.
The scene that filled my vision,
Called forth shivers and memories at the same time.
Dammit!!
Youko-chan's eyes are serious.
Taichi: "Stop!"
Youko: "......Taichi."
She didn't act surprised.
She'd probably noticed my approach.
Kiri: "......!"
Seeing an opening, Kiri moved.
But Youko-chan hadn't averted her gaze.
She flicked her wrist, rotating the belt suspended from her hand.
One revolution.
By releasing one of the two ends in her grip, the stone inside, pushed on by centrifugal force was released.
Kiri: "--!"
With timing like that, nothing could be done.
When an action is taken between moments of conscious focus, people can't deal with it in an instant.
The stone hit Kiri hard on the calf.
Kiri: "Gu!!"
She stooped over.
She held her leg and gritted her teeth. There should be a spasm of violent pain running through her.
My spine chilled.
That's a sling.
A weapon used by ancient shepherds to guard their sheep.
Against Kiri's crossbow, it was quite a primitive weapon.
No, it's not really a weapon.
It's not, but......that power is tremendous.
She's spinning a strap around with a stone in it and letting go.
That's it.
That propulsion, using neither compressed air nor gunpowder nor gas, comes only from the length of the strap and the number of rotations.
A bullet under the consideration of atmospheric friction.
A gun barrel in the polar regions of minute numbers.
Reliability for being used continuously under horrible conditions.
Hard studies continued for the sake of killing people.
Of course, it can't compare to small arms.
But hers......it was different.
Guided by blessed genes since her birth, despite looking like nothing more than a tender girl, she has muscles that can outperform an adult male's.
It's not simply arm strength.
Agility, tension, mobility.
From that standpoint, being a woman was hardly a handicap at all.
Hasekura Youko always moves quickly and silently.
She had a good command of the arm and leg extensions for a challenging weapon like the sling.
There was no arrow set in the crossbow Kiri held.
......she must have counterattacked and missed.
This should also be a frightening weapon.
But now, it can't even be a makeshift shield for Kiri.
Without being given the time to set a new arrow, she was being driven away by the stones.
No,
She did well to live this long.
Though she probably wasn't on her guard during Youko-chan's first attack, she managed to protect herself.
Youko: "............"
She put a second stone in the belt.
With the tension in her wrist, she made a disk of afterimages. In an instant.
Kiri: "W-......wait......"
Kiri's face turned pale.
Kiri: "W-why are......you......?"
Youko: "Because you tried to kill Taichi."
Kiri: "!?"
Youko: "Because you've been practicing to kill Taichi."
Kiri: "......s-so......you're going to kill me......?"
Youko: "......"
She no longer answered.
Aaah, those are eyes of 『taking.』
Youko: 『What's scary? Shall I take the scary thing away for you?』
She...always...『takes』 all of the things I don't like.
They disappeared from this world.
It wasn't a matter of devotion.
It was goodwill to the point of selfishness.
Kiri: "Aaah......"
She increased the number of revolutions.
The moving air made a sharp sound.
The destructive power swelling up before my eyes made Kiri cower in fear.
The finality of death.
That wasn't something Kiri could believe.
That rotational force had already imparted enough motive energy to the stone.
With her true skill, she could release after one rotation.
Her strength had fallen somewhat.
Thanks to that, Kiri's leg hadn't received a serious injury.
But if she hits her in the head, she'll eventually die.
Is she trying to bring her down for good?
She sharply maintained the high number of revolutions.
This time it will be more than just pain.
Kiri: "S-stop......"
She held the crossbow in front of her face, sobbing.
Is this Kiri's limit?
Taichi: "That's enough."
I stood in front of Kiri.
Kiri: "Eh......?"
The revolutions fell.
Youko: "If I leave that alive, Taichi will suffer more injuries."
Taichi: "What's so wrong about that?"
Taichi: "Besides, it'll all be reset."
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "Let me do as I please."
Youko: "......no."
Taichi: "Youko-chan."
I said her name with force.
But she didn't seem to be backing down.
Youko: "I'll take it."
Taichi: "You don't have to take it."
Youko: "Move."
Taichi: "I'm not moving."
Behind me, Kiri watched over us with her breath held.
The relief that she was alive, and the fact that I'd intervened were incompatible.
Youko: "But......"
I sensed hesitation.
Taichi: "I don't want to be used as a reason to kill people."
Taichi: "If you want to kill her then do it for your own reasons."
She flinched.
Youko: "............but, for Taichi......I......"
For me.
She'll throw out my name and kill Kiri.
Without thinking that I'd be hurt as a result.
Taichi: "......you're always like that, pushing for your feelings and yours alone."
Taichi: "Even when I am in trouble---"
Youko-chan twisted her wrist.
Taichi: "!!"
Kiri stuck out her head to hear our conversation.
I held my palm up in front of her face.
The next moment, sharp pain, but the stone was quelled.
Kiri: "Kya!!?"
Taichi: "......owww."
Youko-chan turned pale.
Youko: "Ah......sorry......forgive me......"
Taichi: "You betrayed me."
Youko: "......eh......umm......that was......"
Taichi: "You tried to take advantage of an opening during our conversation."
It was unpleasant.
She's always serious about these things.
Taichi: "......again?"
Her shoulders shook.
Taichi: "You say I'm precious. You say that you love me. You push your goodwill onto me."
Taichi: "......and yet, at times like this, you betray me."
Taichi: "Again?"
Youko: "No, this was about......Taichi's safety......"
How inconsistent.
Taichi: "Forget about that!"
She cowered like a young girl being yelled at.
Youko: "......I...I'm sorry......"
Her voice seemed as if it was about to disappear.
Taichi: "Anyway, please don't kill Kiri."
Youko: "............"
Youko: "......but, I can't let Taichi be killed."
Youko: "I absolutely will not allow that."
Taichi: "......I won't be killed so easily."
Taichi: "There's too much of a difference between what Kiri and I can do."
Youko: "But......Taichi, sometimes you......"
Taichi: "Sometimes?"
Youko: "Forget to resist death."
Taichi: "Well, considering the situation..."
I definitely have that side to me.
I'm not proud of it, but my emotions are unstable.
Taichi: "Well then, I promise that for this week, I'll make sure I don't die."
Taichi: "I'll protect myself with all my strength. In exchange, you stay back."
Youko: "........................"
Taichi: "If you can't accept that, I'll sever all connections with you."
Youko: "Don't......don't do that......"
A quick answer.
Youko: "I understand......I'll pull out."
Youko: "But, I'll continue surveillance."
Taichi: "Go right ahead."
Youko: "Hand over Sakura Kiri's weapons."
Taichi: "You heard her. Give them."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "You're holding a crossbow and a knife, right?"
Taichi: "Take them out, or you're going to be killed."
Kiri: "............"
Kiri silently threw them in front of her.
Youko-chan picked them up.
Youko: "Weapons are prohibited. If you've retained any weapons, I'll interpret that as hostility."
Kiri: "............"
Kiri didn't come out from behind me.
Taichi: "Also......starting next week, be more peaceful."
Youko: "Uuu."
She seemed unwilling.
Taichi: "Please do it."
Youko: "......o...okay, I understand."
......easy.
And then, her body sunk into the darkness.
Her presence whisked away.
Taichi: "Ho!"
Kiri: "......"
Our stress level fell by one.
But it still wasn't zero.
Taichi: "........................"
Behind me, the emitter of the stress continued to release her aura.
I was conscious of it slowly becoming rage as I asked,
Taichi: "......are you hurt?"
Kiri: "Why?"
Her puzzlement and rage over being saved by me.
Her emotions fell apart, and she desperately suppressed her desire to scream out.
She had that sort of muffled voice.
Kiri: "Why......did you save me......?"
Taichi: "Well......even if you ask me why..."
Taichi: "I saved you because I wanted to. Is that wrong?"
Kiri: "Please don't make fun of me......"
Taichi: "......though I'm not doing that..."
Taichi: "Well, that's true. You wouldn't accept it."
Taichi: "Being saved by someone you hated."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Did you seriously intend to kill me?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "Seriously now..."
Kiri: "You're too dangerous."
Taichi: "Dangerous?"
Kiri: "You toy with people for fun."
Kiri: "In this situation, you don't change a bit!"
Suddenly, her voice became violent.
She soon lowered her tone.
Kiri: "......you kill people as a joke."
The atmosphere stagnated.
Hatred was mixing into it.
The hatred Kiri was spewing forth.
Taichi: "I can see it really well."
I heaved a sigh.
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "You're only a good judge of people."
Kiri: "What do you......?"
Taichi: "You said that I was the most dangerous, didn't you?"
Kiri: "......that's right......but, you weren't the only dangerous one."
Taichi: "Youko-chan?"
Kiri: "......even though I haven't done anything......she tried to kill me......"
Kiri: "Sh-she's the same kind as you......that's why you're together."
We're not the same kind.
I wanted to deny that, but it's not something Kiri would understand.
As I stayed quiet,
Kiri: "Why did you save me?"
Once more she started asking me.
Kiri: "You should've just watched me die."
Kiri: "You should know that I......see you as an enemy......"
Kiri: "You won't gain anything by saving me."
Taichi: "Well, well, in manga and such this is how you'd make new friends."
TLN?
*agrees
Her angry tone expanded.
Kiri: "I won't become a friend of yours!!"
'If I get emotional, I lose.'
Kiri had imposed that rule upon herself, but produced an angry voice of her own.
Taichi: "When I'm in trouble......"
Kiri: "I won't rush into it!"
Taichi: "Yeah, good retort."
Kiri: "Uu......"
She bit her lip.
Taichi: "I thought of a reason why I saved you."
Kiri: "You thought of one......?"
I said it anyway.
Taichi: "If Kiri died, Miki would be sad."
Kiri: "............"
This is the part where Kiri cries.
Taichi: "So let's just leave it at that and-"
Kiri: "Always......mocking me..."
Taichi: "This is my identity. I can't treat people any other way."
Taichi: "So, Kiri-chin."
In the meantime,
Taichi: "Could you please dress this wound for me?"
Kiri: "Why do I have to do that?"
Taichi: "Isn't it bleeding?"
I've been aware of the blood trickling down my fingers for a while.
Taichi: "Blood is a weakness of mine."
Taichi: "Besides, I got this wound saving you."
Kiri: "But, that's something Kurosu-sempai just......"
Taichi: "I put my life on the line, so please do this at least."
I said clearly.
Kiri: "......I understand."
Honesty.
Kiri: "Since I don't want to be in debt."
Taichi: "Come on."
Kiri: "But......something like dressing a wound......"
She took out a handkerchief and wiped off the blood.
Taichi: "Owowow, that hurts a little."
Kiri: "Ah......I'm sorry......"
Kiri reflexively apologizes.
Kiri: "But......there's no other..."
Taichi: "Uu, owowow, it stings, I'm gonna die from the abundant hemorrhaging."
Kiri: "Uh, ummm......"
Taichi: "Please heal it gently."
Kiri: "Ah......what......???"
Hesitation.
Taichi: "If it was Miki-chin here right now, she'd heal me by licking it."
Kiri: "Licking......!?"
Taichi: "The wound hurts......owowow, that's harsh."
Kiri: "I......I don't even......want to do this......"
Taichi: "Please do it quickly."
Kiri: "I...understand."
Kiri: "Since I don't want to be in debt."
The tip of her tongue timidly touched my open wound.
Kiri: "Nn......mu......"
Hot.
And it's sticky.
As if I was being rubbed with lotion.
There's faint pain, but that's fine.
Kiri: "*lick*......nn!......*kiss*......aamu......nnu."
She gently traced the wound.
A sweet numbness slowly spread out from my palm.
Getting transmitted from my shoulder to my spinal cord, passed on through my spine all the way to my coccyx.
My lower abdomen got hot.
Taichi: "That's good, Kiri."
Kiri: "Nnru!......nnn, nn, *kiss* nnfu......haaa."
At times, her tongue lifted, and she exhaled a hot sigh.
Taichi: "Clean off my fingertips too."
Kiri: "Nn......nnnnn......nnfuu, *lick*......nn, nn, nn......ha, nnfua."
Her tongue meandered down my palm.
Her tongue twisted around my fingertips.
I pinched that tongue with two of my fingers.
Kiri: "Nnn!? N-no!......aaun......stop......"
Kiri tried to spit out my fingers.
Taichi: "Sorry, I had a bit of an itch."
Kiri: "......I see......okay......"
She blushed and turned to the side.
Taichi: "Did you get the blood?"
Kiri: "......there's a little left."
Taichi: "Then please."
I held out my fingers, and Kiri's trembling tongue crawled over them.
Kiri: "*kiss* *kiss*......nnn, fua, nn......afu......"
She must be trying not to breathe through her nose, because her breathing sounded painful.
I was standing.
Kiri sucked my fingers in a crouched position.
That Kiri was...
My water level rose.
I was storing up black water.
I can't...let that happen.
At long last Kiri's tongue separated from me.
Kiri: "......I'm finished."
Taichi: "Thanks."
The bleeding had stopped.
Taichi: "......I think Youko-chan was serious about what she said."
Kiri: "?"
Kiri wiped her mouth and narrowed her eyebrows.
Taichi: "No more weapons. It's best not to have any."
Taichi: "If you break that rule, I think she'll seriously attack you."
Kiri: "............"
Her shoulders were shaking slightly.
From terror.
Taichi: "I'm not thinking of doing anything to anyone."
Taichi: "As you say, Kiri, I'm not good......but I don't intend to hurt my friends."
Kiri: "Is that...true?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Taichi: "Speaking of which, since Mimi-sempai got hurt, I've been constructing the antenna in her place."
Kiri: "The antenna......for the club......"
Taichi: "I'll send an SOS with that. You know about that, right?"
Kiri: "......there aren't any people."
Kiri: "Television won't work. Neither will radio, or internet, or phones."
Kiri: "Nothing will connect anymore......how can you say that anyone's alive?"
It's not just that.
The world has even renounced moving forward.
One eternal week.
To me, that had a sweet sound to it.
Taichi: "......the campout......was worthless, wasn't it?"
Taichi: "I forced it to occur, and worked to gather seven people by lying and cajoling......"
Taichi: "At some point the fault in that came out."
I smiled.
Kiri looked at me as if watching something heterogeneous.
Taichi: "We struck the tents in the worst possible mood."
Kiri: "......aren't you the one who planned that?"
Taichi: "Yes, I planned it."
Kiri: "In order to deepen everyone's wounds."
Taichi: "No."
Taichi: "I wanted everyone to make up with each other."
Taichi: "I wanted to return to the relationships we used to have."
Kiri: "......that's a lie."
Taichi: "It's true."
Kiri: "In order to create an opportunity for us to make up, you gathered people for a campout?"
Taichi: "That's right."
My eyes flashed.
The water's surface shook.
Kiri: "I don't want to believe......such a thing."
Taichi: "Well, that's fine."
Taichi: "The point is, unity is an important thing."
Taichi: "It doesn't matter how. A club or a campout or whatever."
Taichi: "With limited materials, we'll all build an antenna, and send out an SOS."
Taichi: "Isn't it okay for us to have that kind of hope?"
Kiri: "......there's no way......you could be such an excellent person."
Taichi: "Yeah, I'm not excellent at all."
Taichi: "But, that is that, and this is this."
Using four demonstratives in a single sentence, and thereby employing the extreme clumsiness of common usage as well as the aesthetics aimed for by modern Japanese expression, I changed the subject.
Taichi: "I'm not excellent, but I think it'd be beautiful if we all made up."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Oh, I completely forgot, how are your wounds?"
Kiri: "Ah, I'm fine......don't touch me!"
Taichi: "If I don't touch you I won't know, so,"
Her calf.
It's swelling.
Taichi: "......internal bleeding. She hit a good spot."
Taichi: "It'll hurt to walk, but it's not life-threatening."
Taichi: "Anything else?"
Kiri: "My shoulder......"
Taichi: "Expose it."
Kiri: "!?"
Kiri: "You...you really are a beast......"
She held her shoulders and stepped back.
Taichi: "Hey, hey, I was kidding. Don't take it seriously."
Kiri: "Isn't that how......you sexually harass Miki and the others?"
Taichi: "About Miki...she does reject anything she seriously dislikes."
Taichi: "She'll punch me while smirking and saying something like, 'Don't do that!'"
Kiri: "......Miki would?"
Taichi: "And I don't use excessive force myself."
Taichi: "I am adjusting the borderline through various forms of contact, but isn't that what it means to hang out with people?"
Kiri: "......even sexual harassment......you can speak of it as if it's something beautiful......"
Taichi: "Kiri-chin just takes it too seriously."
Taichi: "I'm going to touch your shoulder."
Kiri: "Eh?......kya!"
I touched it lightly, and she felt pain.
Taichi: "......you got hit in a bad spot here."
Taichi: "How much does it hurt?"
Kiri: "......not much......I can move my arm......"
Taichi: "Hold it above your head."
She obeyed.
Taichi: "So nothing's wrong with the bone."
Kiri: "......Sempai just pushed too hard."
Taichi: "That wasn't hard at all."
Kiri: "......aren't all men that strong?......even Shima-sempai, despite having such slender arms, could carry a monitor by himself."
Taichi: "......he used to be in the Basketball Club......he can't run anymore, but his muscles haven't changed."
Aaah, this girl can't even pick up one CRT monitor.
She's really weak.
Although the kinds in the club room are pretty big.
When I touched her shoulder, she was excessively delicate in her shock.
Like a thin plate, as if she could break at any time.
If the Broadcasting Club arm-wrestled, she'd be in last place.
Taichi: "......haa."
A young and helpless girl.
Taichi: "Put a wet cloth on that."
Kiri: "......you don't need...to tell me that."
Her abusive language had no strength.
Taichi: "Okay, then let's go home."
I stood up.
Taichi: "Come on, let's go."
She followed reluctantly.
Kiri: "Ow!"
Taichi: "So it did hurt. Should I carry you home?"
I cracked the knuckles on all ten of my fingers.
Kiri: "......stop, don't come any closer!"
She's seriously afraid.
Taichi: "It was just a joke."
Kiri: "I'll go home by myself."
Taichi: "If you go alone, Youko-chan might attack you."
Kiri: "........................"
She fell silent.
Taichi: "Now, let's go."
Light footsteps trudged along behind me.
I left the bicycle behind and walked home.
Taichi: "......this is a nice night."
There was no conversation.
It wouldn't be smart to pry into it.
Anyway, the existence which just aroused a chill is bothering me.
Is there an alien or something in my house?
Taichi: "Huhuhu......"
I'm a weak, modern boy who doesn't even have a single flamethrower.
Even if an alien came out, I'd have no weapons to resist it with.
But!
I took a stance.
I don't need weapons.
I need only my fists.
Taichi: "Has the time come to employ these in real battle?"
I have endured that which was hard to endure along the lengthy path of karade.
Slander, defamation and lawsuits come with being a subspecies of karate.
Several of my comrades strayed from the path.
But now that humanity is being eradicated from Earth, my long-cherished ambition has come!
Taichi: "My fists cry for blood."
While soliloquizing a martial artsy line, I headed downstairs.
Gone.
That thick killing intent.
It wasn't ordinary.
The bathroom......nothing.
The bathtub......nothing.
Taichi: "......hmm."
The first floor storeroom......empty.
Mutsumi-san's bedroom......empty.
Ah, it's getting dusty.
......I'll clean this room later.
I'm sorry Mutsumi-san.
I bowed as I left.
Where else could it be?
There was one room I hadn't searched.
Taichi: "It couldn't be..."
I returned to the second floor.
My room......or next to it.
Onee-chan's room.
I put my hand on the doorknob.
I hadn't been in here in a while.
Not since Youko-chan left this house.
I slowly opened the door.
At the same time I flew into the room, I danced!
Taichi: "Ha! Se-ya! Tiryaaa!!!"
The dust danced too.
Taichi: "............"
No one's here.
Taichi: "What am I doing......?"
I was embarrassed.
I left the room.
Since I'd run wild in the middle of all that dust, my throat was parched.
I returned to the living room where Sakuraba, who'd drunk the water left overnight, was eating tomatoes.
*Using the new technique of Real Time Monologue
Taichi: "Cheryaaaaaa!!!"
Sakuraba: "Gofu!"
Sakuraba collapsed, but he didn't let go of the tomato.
Taichi: "What are you doing?"
Sakuraba: "Please listen."
Taichi: "What is it?"
Sakuraba: "I've grown bored of curry bread."
Taichi: "......you know..."
Sakuraba: "So I tried coming to your house, since I thought there might be tomatoes."
Taichi: "Why did you come to my house?"
Sakuraba: "I told Tomoki I didn't need food."
Taichi: "Wh-why?"
Sakuraba: "Because I had curry bread."
What a limited life.
Sakuraba: "That is why, I'll be a nuisance starting today."
Taichi: "Whyyy!?"
Sakuraba: "Due to the above reasons, from this very day Sakuraba Hiroshi will now be living in Kurosu Taichi's house."
Taichi: "Who said they didn't understand what you said!?"
Sakuraba: "Please lend me a room."
This guy......this guy-!
He's insane.
He's insane to an insanely normal degree!
Taichi: "Ho, hoo......you're leaving that huge mansion to live here?"
Sakuraba: "Yeah. It's huge, but there's no food."
Taichi: "Isn't that okay?"
It'd be a waste of time to persuade Sakuraba the obocchama with logic.
As usual, should this be noob level?
Taichi: "Well then why don't I show you to your room?"
Sakuraba: "Please do."
I showed him the toilet.
Taichi: "This is your room."
Sakuraba: "It's small."
Taichi: "Only eight tatamis."
Taichi: "This is a commoner's house after all."
Taichi: "Isn't your room huge? Are you sure you wouldn't prefer your own house?"
Sakuraba: "Not that huge, it only feels like sixteen tatamis, so double this room."
Taichi: "Sixteen tatamis!!?"
What kind of room were you living in!?
Sakuraba: "It felt like more than double this......but I guess my room is smaller than I thought."
Taichi: "Pay more attention."
This guy might not be a primate.
Sakuraba: "On my twelfth birthday, daddy gave me the room with the most sunlight."
Daddy!!?
This guy's house is definitely weird......I've reconfirmed that.
Taichi: "Hey......how much is your allowance?"
I unconsciously changed the pronoun when I asked.
By the way, thanks to the resourceful Mutsumi-san, I received twenty thousand yen a month.
Other than meal expenses.
It's a pretty good standard.
I felt a sense of pride.
If I felt like it, every month I could buy a pair of the Hit Uni*n brand rare discontinued 667-N (style number) bloomers that have been rising in price recently!
There definitely aren't many students who are guaranteed such a fetish life.
Sakuraba: "I don't get that much."
What a thing for Sakuraba to say.
Sakuraba: "Fifty thousand."
Taichi: "Confiscation!"
I broke down, revolving.
Taichi: "Re-really?"
Sakuraba: "Yes."
Taichi: "Which entertainer are you the son of!?"
Sakuraba: "Why are you mad?"
Sakuraba: "I'm not an entertainer in the first place."
Sakuraba: "I am me."
Taichi: "Save that kind of line for when you come to terms with yourself at the end of a grand agonizing over the purpose of your own existence."
Fifty thousand?
That's outside normal bounds.
Wait,
Taichi: "......hey, what would you do if I said to hand over five million for the deposit on your rent here?"
Sakuraba shook his head.
Sakuraba: "I don't have that much money on hand."
Taichi: "......then, what if I told you to give me all the money you have right now?"
Sakuraba: "It's only pocket change."
Taichi: "Yeah."
He took out his wallet.
I took it from him.
I see, this certainly is pocket change.
I heard jingling noises.
I was relieved.
The fire of jealousy quieted.
Taichi: "Haha, even obocchamas are poor at times."
Sakuraba smiled peacefully.
Sakuraba: "Well yeah. Being rich is like that."
Sakuraba: "Just as the room of a commoner's house is like this."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Sakuraba: "Haha!"
We laughed together.
We crossed our arms.
Our friendship deepened.
Taichi: "Besides, it'd be meaningless to take your money now."
Sakuraba: "That's true."
Taichi: "Come to think of it, I've loaned you my pocket change a number of times."
Sakuraba: "Then that should repay it all."
Taichi: "That was meaningless."
Sakuraba: "I give back what I borrowed."
Taichi: "What an honest guy. But I guess I'll let you pay it back for memory's sake."
We laughed together like a brook.
I opened his wallet.
As I feared, there was no paper money.
Inside were fifteen coins, each a hundred thousand yen.
Taichi: "Mister yen!!"
Swoon.
Sakuraba: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!"
I writhed around like a caterpillar.
What's with this wallet!!?
I've never seen something so amazing!!
On closer inspection, it wasn't just hundred thousand yen coins.
Hundred thousand yen gold coin in memorial of the Shouwa emperor who reigned for sixty years X 8
Hundred thousand yen gold coin in memorial of the emperor's accession to the throne X 7
Fifty thousand yen gold coin in memorial of his highness the crown prince's wedding X 2
Five thousand yen coin depicting the International Garden and Greenery Exposition X 4
Five thousand yen silver coin depicting the crown prince's wedding X 3
And that's not all.
Taichi: "Are you a moron!?"
Sakuraba: "I couldn't really use these for buying stuff."
Taichi: "Of course not!"
This guy......flashing such huge sums around......
For the Sakurabas......could a hundred thousand yen possibly......not be that big......not be that big......? (echo)
Taichi: "Ha!?"
Before humanity's annihilation, if I'd pestered him just once during the time when money held meaning...
Taichi: "Ou-ou-ou-ou!"
Sakuraba: "Why do you cry?"
Taichi: "OOOOOoooo!!"
God is being allowed to torture us!
I was filled with regret.
Taichi: "Forget it......please sleep......"
Sakuraba: "Aaah, that I will."
Sakuraba holed himself up in the bathroom.
Taichi: "......haa."
I'm tired.
Well, all because of him.
No doubt he'll forget about this in a night and go somewhere else.
Since he has wanderlust.
He'd helped himself to the tomatoes.
I ate one that was left over. It was just right for a late-night snack.
A presence behind me.
Taichi: "......Sakuraba? You already feel like leaving?"
Youko: "Taichi......"
Taichi: "Youko-chan?"
She was standing in the living room.
Taichi: "What're you doing here this late?"
I told her not to come into my house.
Youko: "Taichi."
The atmosphere was different.
Taichi: "What's...wrong?"
Youko-chan is......just like......who she was back then......
Youko: "......Taichi......"
She approached me.
Taichi: "Wa......it......?"
I backed up.
Youko: "Taichi!"
She hugged me.
Taichi: "......!"
Youko: "Taichi......"
I didn't understand.
Taichi: "What...is wrong?"
But she soon let go.
Youko: "......there's a piece of tomato on your mouth."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Her head approached mine.
Her tongue grazed over the edges of her lips.
And like that, her lips......
Taichi: "Wait."
Before they reached me, I grabbed her shoulders and pushed her away.
Youko: "......Taichi!......Taichiii......"
This is rare.
For her to be this unstable.
Heat undulated in my lower abdomen.
Reacting to the weak part of her, though she was always strong.
Taichi: "You can't!"
Youko: "But..."
Taichi: "......didn't we decide not to do it in this house?"
Taichi: "That was our promise with Mutsumi-san."
Taichi: "I'll keep that promise."
Taichi: "And I'll have you keep it too."
Youko: "Mutsumi is no longer here."
Taichi: "The promise still is!"
I screamed violently.
Taichi: "It's still here, inside my heart."
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "I'll decide whether this promise disappeared or not."
Taichi: "Regardless of you, I'll decide my own will and responsibility."
Youko: "Again......you say such things......"
Youko: "You're harassing me, Taichi."
Taichi: "Are you going to leave?"
Taichi: "You can't come into this house."
Taichi: "......you can't be comforted by me."
Youko: "......"
Without a word.
Youko-chan left.
She stopped and stood still once to look at my face.
The thin mask on her expression was smooth, with neither disappointment nor dejection stuck to it.
Even so, mysteriously, she looked horribly worn out to me.
Taichi: "Good night."
Youko: "......good night, Taichi."
Youko: "I love you."
She disappeared.
I remained in my cornered posture, with my back against the fridge, and slowly slid to the floor in a crouch.
Taichi: "What was that about?"
Taichi: "Friday, huh?"
Three days left until the world swings back.
My memory will disappear and everything will be reset.
......so cold.
I think there's not much of a difference between that and death.
Nothing will be left of this week except a written record.
I won't think about that.
I definitely won't.
Taichi: "......"
A long time ago,
I played this kind of game.
Role-playing.
Set in the future.
The world was devastated, and people were living in a domed city.
Wild animals changed to monsters and attacked people.
The main character was a monster hunter.
From his regular daily quests to a battle with the existence that controlled the world.
Normally, in role-playing games, when the characters are defeated in battle, they're resuscitated through some kind of science or magic.
However many times the main character dies, he remains the main character, and as long as the whole party isn't obliterated for a game over, no critical destruction will occur.
Naturally, subjective memory is maintained.
By the way, this one was different.
Without a main character, whenever any character dies, it was a solemn and undeniable death.
The others will return to town, and find a facility with clones of the deceased and save points.
There, the main character would be carefully manufactured exactly as he was just before the last save.
And the adventure will continue without anyone holding any doubts.
It was a shock.
After saving, the time unique to the dead main character went completely unnoticed.
Though he was the same main character, I thought he was a different human as I played on.
The game had an insanely high difficulty, and there was no balance at all,
But with the vivid image of death haunting me, I played on as if possessed.
The conclusion was a suicide attack.
Taichi: "......I'm fed up."
I didn't think I'd experience that myself.
Now that I am, which me am I?
The fifth.
Is that really completely true?
If it's not recorded, there's no way to know about it.
Today was hot.
I felt like going to the beach.
Come to think of it, we all went together last year.
The beach was fun.
Even now, I can remember everyone frolicking around.
Touko: "Kiaaa!!? Where are you grabbing on to!!?"
Taichi: "The part of your swimsuit covering your butt."
Misato: "Hasekura-san......just what kind of relationship does she have with Kurosu-kun?"
Taichi: "Nn? Youko-chan?"
Touko: "Youko-chan!?"
Misato: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Youko-chan!!!?"
Tomoki: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Now you're the yakuza."
Misato: "No-not my body..."
Yuusa: "Ummm, excuse, excuse, excuse, me!!!!!"
Touko: "Iiidiot."
Yuusa: "Ah! Spin! Spinning!?"
Miki: "Ow, owwww, my forehead hurts..."
Misato: ......*muttering*
Taichi: "But it was fun."
Our fun sea bath ended there.
Miki's wound left a very small scar.
Even so, she was bright and cheerful on the way home.
As if she'd gained something through being hurt.
It was that kind of face.
Afterward, Misato-sempai returned to school to help carry the Broadcasting Club's newly delivered antenna.
Tomoki, who still hadn't broken off relations with his sister, said something sarcastic.
That siscon behavior of his was made fun of by Miki ever since, even into their third year at Gunjou.
Yuusa-chan, for the first time, opened her heart a little toward a group of other people.
That's what the beach meant to us.
But now there is the club.
Sempai's sketches.
I will believe that resolving the problems on this list of tears will produce a structure capable of dispatch.
I will believe in Sempai.
Believe. That's a beautiful word.
It can quench my thirst quite a bit.
Begin work.
I continue working under the boiling sun.
I'm fantastically strong against sunstroke.
Because my hair is white.
Just that, makes a significant difference.
So even on a midsummer's day, the work continued.
Without pause.
Taichi: "......nn?"
Isn't that Kiri?
Standing next to the fence, gazing at the scenery.
Has she not noticed me?
She should have. This work makes a lot of loud noises.
Taichi: "Heeey, Kiriii!"
I called her,
Then walked over at a comfortable pace.
Kiri: "What is it?"
Taichi: "Well......I didn't have anything in particular......"
Kiri glanced up at the antenna as if she had no interest in it.
Kiri: "......you're really working for the club."
Taichi: "Well, yeah."
Taichi: "Although this heat makes me want to go to the beach."
Taichi: "We went last year. Do you remember that?"
Kiri: "......yes."
Taichi: "That was fun. Though I'm sorry about Miki."
Kiri: "......yes."
She's too honest.
Actually, she's acting weird.
Taichi: "......what is it?"
Kiri: "Well......Hasekura-sempai is......"
Taichi: "Youko-chan's......watching you?"
Kiri: "Y-yes......"
Kiri's hands were shaking.
Even though she was such a tough girl.
She's afraid.
She was shrinking miserably.
Kiri: "About that..."
Kiri: "About that......"
Her voice was shaking.
I can't watch this.
Even though she was a girl like beautiful glasswork,
Even though she was so fragile that touching her would defile her, and grabbing her would break her,
This......incomplete being, what is it?
I felt hatred for Youko-chan.
Aaah, I'm sinking again, I thought.
Times are good when I can be maintained by raising tension.
At other times, my heart sinks.
A deep part.
An abyss where even the sun can't reach.
A place that makes me forget the warmth of light, turning me into an individual that does nothing but live.
A place where that which is called a heart is unneeded.
If I stay there too long, my frozen heart will eventually degenerate into a pure will to live.
I had a hallucination that I was an existence living in the deep sea.
I thought that was good.
Because, if the world was me and only me, then,
I wouldn't have to hurt anyone.
Taichi: "......Kiri, help me with the club."
That sudden idea made circles out of Kiri's eyes.
Kiri: "The club?"
Taichi: "That's right."
Taichi: "......I won't be able to finish......on my own......please help me......"
The crying words passed on to me from Sempai, I now shoved them onto my underclassman.
I made Kiri work on top of the stepladder, so that I could expect the good fortune of seeing Pantyland founded.
Taichi: "Pantyland is great......"
Kiri: "Did you say something?"
Taichi: "This kind of antenna is called an E-type."
Kiri: "I heard something about a Pantyland..."
Taichi: "I said nothing of the sort."
I whistled.
Kiri: "......what...should I be doing?"
Taichi: "Aren't you helping me?"
Kiri: "Isn't that an order?"
Taichi: "......aaah, weeell, yeees, it iiis."
Kiri: "I want to pay back my debt in full, so I'm helping."
Taichi: "Yaaay."
Kiri: "However!"
She spoke with a strong enough tone to cut off my words and actions.
Kiri: "I have absolutely no intention of reconciling."
Taichi: "That's fine, that's fine."
Taichi: "That's yet another part of life."
Kiri: "Directions, please."
Taichi: "Hmm, theeen, first, please look at this."
I passed her a sketch.
Her face tightened up sharply.
One minute later, she frowned---
Misato: "Ha, haeee..."
Sempai arrived.
Taichi: "Ah, Sempai."
A hello from atop the stepladder.
Kiri: "......morning."
Misato: "Fuwaaa..."
Taichi: "Rapid fire moe words."
Taichi: "But those two are rather old."
Taichi: "For a moe girl living in the 22nd century, there's not much left besides 'yuaaan' and 'yuyooon'---"
Misato: "Are you the poet Nakahara Chuuya? Is your mouth agape?"
She retorted with a clear-cut face.
Taichi: "......geh, you know him."
Misato: "I like Nakahara."
Taichi: "We-well, if you talk about learning from the past or the Restoration movement......it's like asking the old to learn the new!"
Misato: "What are you talking about?"
Taichi: "Anyway......congratulations on being discharged from the hospital."
Misato: "Aaah, my wounds weren't that serious."
Taichi: "Do they still hurt?"
Misato: "......I'm fine, but..."
I was being stared at.
I also stared at Sempai's beautiful breasts.
Misato: "Uh, ummm, why are you working on the antenna?"
She asked me while hiding her bust with both arms.
Taichi: "......on a whim."
Misato: "A whim......"
Taichi: "It was a whim."
Misato: "......!"
An unsatisfied face.
Taichi: "I, who am both sound and healthy, want to live optimistically."
Taichi: "And then, someday, I shall metamorphose into a young adult who has tasted both the sweets and sours of life."
Misato: "Into...a pervert!!?"
She further embraced her bust.
Sempai is nice...
She'll even fondle her own breasts...
Taichi: "That's incorrect!"
Kiri exhaled on the opposite side of the antenna.
Taichi: "Ah, that's right. There are a lot of things I want to ask you about."
I took out a sketch.
Taichi: "I don't quite understand the note here."
Kiri: "When you're done, I also have something to ask you, Club President-sempai."
Misato: "Ha, haa."
Taichi: "And what'll we do about the batteries?"
Misato: "Eh? I was thinking we'd......get them from cars parked at the school."
Taichi: "Now that's a man's job. I'll make Sakuraba do it."
Misato: "Eh? But we shouldn't assume Sakuraba-kun's going to help......"
Taichi: "If I say 'help out' he'll help out. Probably."
Taichi: "Since all he wants is to live an easy life."
Misato: "No, that's not what I......"
I know Sempai's true intention.
This club was a flight for her and her alone.
Even if we all do this together, Sempai's thirst won't be quenched.
If it took forever, that'd be fine by her.
Since she could inexhaustibly devote herself to it.
Taichi: "Hey, Sempai, is this really going to end when we complete the antenna and send the SOS?"
Misato: "Yes, basically......"
It will end, along with her flight.
That's why this person has been working by herself.
So that it won't end.
Taichi: "There might not be a response to the SOS right away."
Misato: "Haa......"
Taichi: "And there's the problem of directionality......"
Taichi: "They could be using handheld wireless devices rather than FM radios, right?"
Misato: "Yes......"
Taichi: "So we have to think about reception."
Misato: "Aaah, that's true......"
Taichi: "It'll be like a broadcast channel."
Taichi: "Once we open the channel, we'll have to keep maintaining it until there's a reaction."
Misato: "............ah."
Taichi: "It'll get busy."
Misato: "............"
Redness pierced Sempai's face.
Misato: "You're right, it will."
Misato: "Yeah, that might......"
Misato: "It's a good thing to be busy, isn't it?"
Taichi: "Very much so."
Taichi: "Besides, it's more fun if everyone does it."
Taichi: "If all three of us work on it, do you think it'll end in a day?"
Kiri: "......it's a bit tough for me. I don't understand this at all."
Taichi: "Hmmm, if only we had a mechanically knowledgeable pretty girl..."
Misato: "Why are you specifying the gender......?"
Then, with great timing a presence pattered up to us.
Miki: "Kiri-chiiin, are you heeere?"
The door opened, and there was Miki.
Taichi: "Bingoooo!"
Misato: "Eh?......what is it?"
I told her what was going on.
Miki: "Fuiii, such a healthy thing..."
Taichi: "Your high-tech knowledge is needed."
Miki: "PCs, sure, but I don't know much about wireless."
Taichi: "Aren't your grades good?"
Miki: "That doesn't help with special technical skills."
Taichi: "But you can understand difficult books."
Miki: "Well, well well well......"
Miki: "Even so, I would like to see more people......"
She glanced at her partner.
Miki: "And Kiri-chin's here..."
Kiri: "......sorry."
Miki: "You don't have to apologize......I'm just surprised."
Miki: "Kiri-chin, what will we do about 'that?'"
Kiri: "......sorry."
Miki: "Canceled?"
Kiri: "......yeah. Well......a lot of things have happened."
Taichi: "'That'?"
'That.' The 'that' of tender girls.
The secret 'that.'
Miki: "Things happened?"
Kiri: "Sorry, talking about that here would be..."
She doesn't want it overheard.
Miki: "Hmmm. Then......"
Miki: "Nyaaa?"
She meowed.
TLN for nya = meow?
Kiri: "......nyaaa."
Miki: "Nyan-nyaka-nyaka-nyaka."
Kiri: "......naaago."
Misato: "Are they...speaking cat?"
Taichi: "It would appear so......"
We were afraid.
While the two of us shivered in the corner, Miki and Kiri went on 'nyaaa'ing.
Without pause.
Miki: "I see......so that's what happened..."
She'd come to terms with it.
Taichi: "Did that actually convey any information?"
Are youngsters these days creating their own languages as well!?
Miki: "Well then, well then, it seems that we no longer have an army or a country to found."
Kiri: "......yes. I think that's impossible at this point."
Miki: "Weren't we carrying weapons for self-defense, not for an army?"
That's just like a certain country......
Taichi: "From what I could perceive, that conversation seems to have a connection with me."
Taichi: "Weren't you carrying a knife too, Miki? I think it'd be best if you got rid of that."
Miki: "But it's pretty convenient to have one."
Kiri: "You were carrying a knife?"
Miki: "Nyaaa."
Kiri: "Ah, sorry."
Taichi: "That is incredibly convenient."
What kind of grammar does it have?
Miki: "It plays an active part in all sorts of facets of daily life."
Taichi: "......hmmm, well it should be fine as long as you don't give it to Kiri-chin, okay?"
Miki: "Okay. Then I'll be sure not to."
Miki: "Stiiill, to think Kiri-chin and Sempai have reconciled......the world is coming to an end."
Kiri: "We haven't reconci-"
Taichi: "......seems so."
Miki: "Hmmm."
Miki: "Sempai, come here a moment."
My hand was pulled, and I stepped away from the antenna.
To a location where our conversation wouldn't reach Kiri and Sempai.
Taichi: "......and?"
Miki: "I've heard the general circumstances, but..."
That catspeak is amazing.
Miki: "Sempai, are you okay with that?"
Taichi: "Okay with what?"
I don't really understand Miki's question.
Miki: "It's true that Kiri-chin is like that around Sempai......she seems to have trouble dealing with you......"
Taichi: "She hated me. Just say it."
Miki: "Ahaha......well..."
A forced smile.
Miki: "Actually, she's been asking me to come and live away from everyone, just the two of us."
Taichi: "Eh? Why?"
Miki: "Kiricchi can't trust people. So, in this disordered situation...she says it's dangerous to be near people like Sempai."
Wooow, Kiri-chin is perceptive.
Miki: "So......weeell......about you, Sempai."
Taichi: "I was the hypothetical enemy?"
Miki: "......yes."
She lowered her shoulders.
Miki: "As for why......Kiri-chin won't tell me. She's always been that way."
Taichi: "Yes."
Miki: "Though lately she's started to seem a bit neurotic."
Miki: "......given all that, do you think things can go well with Kiri-chin?"
Miki asked me doubtfully.
Taichi: "Hmm, I had Youko-chan back out by promising to make things go well with Kiri-chin."
Miki: "Hasekura-sempai......did she hurt Sempai?"
Taichi: "She'll just appear out of nowhere."
Miki: "Just like a hero."
Taichi: "That's right. My heroine."
Miki: "You're making a girl's face."
Taichi: "......I haven't once met a good fate with her."
Taichi: "She just frightens me, throws me down and confuses me."
Miki: "......is that how it is..."
Taichi: "At one point, I stopped wanting to meet people. I didn't want to converse with other people."
Miki: "Now you're the exact opposite."
Taichi: "Because it's food."
Miki: "What?"
Taichi: "......because it's something I need."
Taichi: "The fact of the matter is, even if I hate food, I'll die if I don't eat."
Taichi: "There's a lot inside my heart, and the way to eat got swept up in it."
Taichi: "I used to think that people thought badly of me because of my face. My eyes in particular kept bugging me."
Miki: "Eyes?"
Taichi: "I get the feeling that my eyes are different from others'......well, I also get the feeling that my face was built differently......"
Miki: "It's a little pretty. Couldn't you call it handsome?"
Taichi: "Everyone tells me that."
Miki: "Hahaa, so that's Sempai's emotional wound."
Taichi: "Nnn, this is something like an extra on top of extras, to be honest......"
'Hey now, hey now,' I remonstrated myself.
Taichi: "Anyway, the deal is, in order for Youko-chan to stay away, Kiri has to stay powerless."
Miki: "The conversation flew away."
Taichi: "Which is why I'll be borrowing Kiri-chin."
Miki: "Ummm......please don't harass her, okay? I know it's fun to, but..."
Taichi: "......I'll take the proper measures."
Miki: "In that case, I'll join you two."
Like this,
Miki was added to our group.
No one's here.
I have a feeling I haven't seen Touko here for a few days.
Taichi: "I know you don't like it, but would you try coming to the club tomorrow?"
I had a soliloquy.
I had been planning to say that if Touko was here.
If we're going to enjoy our youth, we should all do it together.
Diary writing will be worthwhile today.
By the way, 『diary writing』 isn't a grammatical mistake.
Since 'diary' is a noun.
I scratched my head as I wove together such things that I could color my forehead with.
*Color my forehead with = Taichian for 'learn from.' Taichi made this mistake when he thought that 『Knowledge colors the self like a picture frame.』
If possible, I'd like everyone to gather on Sunday.
Aaah, I can't record Sunday in the diary.
But, I want to see that scene at least once.
The reset just might be a very scary phenomenon.
Identical to death.
That's why......at least......
Taichi: "I'll try inviting her......"
I headed for the post office.
I stormed the post office.
I robbed it of about thirty postcards.
On the way home, I passed in front of the kouban defiantly.
Since I felt like it, I also stormed the kouban.
This is the first time I've been in one.
Taichi: "Hoo, so this is the inside of a kouban..."
I wonder if there are any handguns.
There were handcuffs.
There was nothing else of value.
Taichi: "Not good."
I don't have time to be doing this.
I hurried home.
I wrote a postcard.
Taichi: "Now then......"
All around,
It was a busy night.
Taichi: "......now then,"
Since it's before noon, the air temperature isn't that high yet.
I went to the roof alone.
I looked up at the steel tower, the base and the antenna.
This certainly isn't......a job for only one person.
Since we're amateurs, the antenna looked rather distorted.
Its form was like a monster of wavelength and directionality.
Taichi: "Now,"
I got to work.
......
............
..................
Taichi: "Damn, I don't get this."
Kurosu Taichi is slightly unfamiliar with the conveniences of modern life.
Tomoki: "......what are you doing?"
Taichi: "Oh, I figured if I did this then she'd say 'Peke-kun, you're amazing!' or 'I'm so moved!' or 'I'm getting wet' and kiss me......or something. Yo, Tomoki-sensei."
Tomoki: "She's not going to kiss you."
Tomoki: "This for the club?"
Taichi: "Yep, yep."
Tomoki lazily sat down on the ground.
Tomoki: "Here."
Taichi: "Oh, thanks."
Canned juice.
Though it wasn't all that cold.
Tomoki: "......Taichi...why are you so eager to do this?"
Taichi: "Oh, a serious youth-flavored question."
Tomoki: "You're making no sense or seaweed."
Taichi: "That joke was hilarious."
Tomoki: "Hey, hey, don't evade a question you brought upon yourself."
Tomoki pulled out a postcard.
Taichi: "You say I brought it on myself, but it was someone else's hands that mailed that."
Tomoki: "......why are you working for the club?"
Taichi: "Can I ask something too?"
With a serious face.
Tomoki: "Mm?"
Taichi: "It has to do with......you and your nee-san. Are you okay with that?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "It's a serious question."
Tomoki: "......okay. What?"
Taichi: "Yeah..."
I pushed out my question a little stiffly.
Taichi: "Why do you, a person from Kantou, sometimes use 『nan?』 for 『what?』 and 『sou yan』 for 『that's true』 like part of some pseudo-Kansai dialect?"
Tomoki: "That question has absolutely nothing to do with Aneki!!"
Tomoki: "I'm going home......"
Taichi: "Woah, woah, hold up a minute. Rome wasn't built in a day."
Tomoki: "Thank you for depressing me, Taichi-kun."
Taichi: "Yep. My conversations always take the scenic route."
Taichi: "In other words...think about it, doesn't having an objective give a person something to live for?"
Tomoki: "......something to live for."
Tomoki: "Once basic needs are met, that sort of thing might be nice."
Taichi: "That's why I was enamored with this."
Tomoki: "'This'?"
Taichi: "Youth Group Grafitea."
Taichi: "What flavor do you think this has?"
Tomoki: "No, that's not tea."
Tomoki stood up and circled the antenna.
Tomoki: "So......that's it?"
Taichi: "It's nice to have something to do."
Tomoki: "......we do have something. Like looking for materials."
Taichi: "At the very least, this club has hope."
Tomoki: "You might only be able to confirm your despair, you know?"
Taichi: "There's the hope that we can confirm despair."
Tomoki: "......I can't understand how you think, Taichi."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Tomoki: "Why do you seem to be enjoying this so much?"
Taichi: "He-he."
Tomoki: "Truly, unbelievable."
Tomoki wiped his eyes with his arms.
Tomoki: "All I know......are the materials used in wiring mobiles and antennas."
Taichi: "Then help out."
Tomoki: "What the? At least pretend to feel a little more gratitude than that."
Taichi: "Idiot, I'm crying on the inside. My tears are even bitter."
Tomoki: "It doesn't look that way."
Taichi: "It's lame for two guys to get damp with each other's tears, so go do that with your nee-chan."
Tomoki: "You're horrible!"
Taichi: "Now, if you've made that decision then hurry up and work! The planned broadcast day is tomorrow."
Tomoki: "Yeah, yeah."
Tomoki: "Then I'll go procure some materials."
Tomoki: "......Taichi?"
Tomoki's feet stopped in front of the door.
Taichi: "Nn?"
Tomoki: "I thought you'd tell me to make up with Aneki no matter what, but instead you tell me to help her out as a brother."
Taichi: "Oh no, sibling rivalry is part of a healthy life. I wouldn't stop it."
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "The point being, I was telling you to help me out."
I stuck out my chest.
Tomoki: "......aren't you a bigshot."
Taichi: "I'm the overlord of all adaptation coefficients over eighty."
Tomoki: "......even if you're an overlord, I'll still be your friend."
Tomoki: "Because I don't dislike that."
He disappeared inside the school building. As if running away.
Taichi: "'Because I don't dislike'......huhu!"
When Tomoki said that, for a moment his face was as red as the limits of humanity would allow.
Taichi: "Don't say it if you're going to get embarrassed. Seriously."
I looked up at the antenna.
Taichi: "But, this should get it progressing a bit."
An enjoyable farce of a club.
This could become a precious memory.
Though it won't be a memory that remains.
I thought of leaving behind in the diaries that that possibility existed.
Miki: "Goood mooorniiing."
Taichi: "Could you go to the club room and bring me a new pair of gloves?"
Miki: "I'm being used already......"
She disappeared into the building.
Misato: "Good morning."
Taichi: "Please massage my shoulders."
Misato: "Ah, okay."
Misato: "Squeeze, squeeze."
Work while having one's shoulders massaged.
Misato: "They're not that stiff."
Taichi: "It's a mental thing."
Misato: "Squeeze, squeeze."
Misato: "Wait, why am I massaging your-!?"
She noticed.
Taichi: "It just happened."
Kiri: "......I'm here."
Taichi: "Give me a morning kiss."
Kiri: "Eh........................?"
Misato: "You can't forcibly demand such a thing..."
Taichi: "Hagyaaa!"
A heavy attack that looked light.
Miki: "I've got the gloves."
Miki: "Ha!? He's sleeping!?"
Miki: "Using people while you're off taking a nap!!!"
Miki: "......I sentence you to pants-lowering."
Miki: "Slide, slide."
Misato: "Wait, Yamanobe-san, you're lowering his underwear too!"
Miki: "Slide, slide, slide."
Misato: "Wait, wait!!"
Miki: "But...no girl can hold back after coming this far."
Miki: "I have to keep going and penetrate."
Misato: "What you're saying sounds like Peke-kun......"
Miki: "We're master and pupil after all."
Miki: "Kiri-chin, Kiri-chin, hey, hey, can you see something?"
Kiri: "I told you I don't want to see it!"
Miki: "Theeere, theeere......"
Miki: "Uwaaa, it's ouuuut! Something bouncy came ouuut!!!"
Miki: "It's come out!"
Misato: "That's why I said-!"
Kiri: "Cover it with something! That bothers me!"
Was that a 'kyaaa?' Was that a 'kyaaa?'
Taichi: "......uu, uuun......"
The commotion woke me up.
Miki: "Nyagooo, don't get near him!"
Misato: "Y-you've done something that can't be taken back!"
Kiri: "Miki, you did this, take responsibility for it!"
Miki: "Impossible, impossible, physically impossible! I'm a virgin! This is something for President-sempai, as our elder-"
Misato: "I-I'm a virgin too! Being older has nothing to do with it!"
Miki: "......Sempai hasn't experienced it either?"
Kiri: "N-neither have I......it's absolutely impossible......"
Miki: "That object is more than a mere maiden can handle!"
It's quite noisy.
I stood up.
Strangely refreshing.
It felt as if the wind was piercing through my skin. Did I catch a cold?
Taichi: "Ummmmm?"
Their three pairs of eyes turned to me all at once.
And then were surprised all at once.
Taichi: "What's wrong, Ojou-sans? Hu!"
I asked them with a gentlemanly tone.
All Three: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!?"
A scream that rent my ear. X 3
They ran off like rabbits.
So I chased after them like a rabbit.
Taichi: "What's wrong, young girl-san?"
Misato: "P-please don't come any closer! Stay away, nooo, disgustiiiing!!!"
Taichi: "Eeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
Rejection.
I was being rejected.
Again and again I am rejected.
I'm destined to be thought of as disgusting.
Taichi: "Damn iiiiiiiiiiiit!!"
I chased after them like crazy.
I felt like crying.
Taichi: "Is it that strange to have white hair!?"
Miki: "I'm not criticizing that at all! Aaah, don't come here! Kiaaaa!!"
Taichi: "Am I that unsettling!!?"
Miki: "Ah! Hahahahahahahahaha!!! Kyaaa-kyaaa-kyaaa!! It's shakiiing!! It's shakiiing!!!"
At least this one seems to be having fun.
Taichi: "My heart is shaking in pain!!"
Kiri: "Wait, no, nononono! Nooooooooooo!!"
Taichi: "Am I that unpleasant!?"
Taichi: "I can't help being hated because of my personality, but you people are the worst for showing me abhorrence based on my outward appearance!!"
I changed my target.
Taichi: "Dossharaaaaaaaa!!!"
Kiri: "Noooooooooooooo!!"
Taichi: "Hey, hey, I think I can reach you, Kiri-saaaan!"
Miki: "Aaah, Kiri-chin's going to be raped!"
Misato: "You can't go out there!"
Miki: "But Kiri-chin......Kiri-chin's going to-!"
Misato: "We can't save her anymore......"
Miki: "That's-! At this rate Kiri-chin's chastity......"
Misato: "To prevent Sakura-san's sacrifice from being in vain, let's run!"
Miki: "Kiri-chin......I'm sorry......I won't forget about you!"
Kiri: "Are you kidding!? Sempai! Mikiiii! You're inhuman!!"
Taichi: "I see you're resigned to your fate Sakura Kiri......no......Love Slave Sakura Kiri!"
I chased her to the fence.
Kiri: "Gu, gu, guuu."
She's half crying.
That arouses me.
Kiri: "Gu, gu, gu......do-don't touch me you molesteeeeeeeeer!!!"
Taichi: "Guaaaa!!"
Kiri snapped, and kicked me down.
Taichi: "Gunuu."
I got up right when the three of them were hurriedly disappearing into the building.
Taichi: "......uuu......uuuuu."
I cried.
Tears of humiliation.
Is there anything as sad as this?
Is a human's value confined to their outward appearance?
Even though they all normally said I was cute......was it all a lie?
White hair. Eyes with peculiar irises. And my nose might be a bit crooked.
I couldn't help appearing odd.
But, how am I supposed to change that!?
Am I supposed to get plastic surgery like Michael?
You can't perform plastic surgery on eyes and hair to begin with.
Besides......I don't like that idea because it's like admitting defeat.
Aaaaaah...
It really is harsh to be rejected by people......
At times, I'm not sure why I keep pretending to be a clown.
All I'm aiming to become is an existence loved by everyone, like the main character of some story...
There are sides of me I exaggerate and caricature, but...
There are......but......you know......
Taichi: "Ooouuu."
Sobbing.
The world is endlessly cruel.
I hung my head.
My penis appeared.
Taichi: "What the hell is that!!?"
Moreover, isn't it pulsing from my mental persecution? Because I'm a masochist?
My pants and underwear are...
Taichi: "Uuoh!? All the way over there?"
The place where I'd collapsed.
I put them on.
Taichi: "I see......that was all because this thing was out......"
I was saved...a little.
Taichi: "Even so, why did I strip the bottom half of my clothes......?"
This incident had many mysteries.
But that aside,
Taichi: "......all three......saw it..."
I wanted to die.
This is a perfect time for positive thinking!
Taichi: "Didn't the fact that I'm a Martian get discovered precisely because I was on full throttle!?"
Sakuraba: "A pseudo-Martian?"
Taichi: "Since I'm still growing."
Tomoki: "Hmmm. I didn't know that. Must be rough."
Taichi: "When did you get here!?"
I broke down crying.
......I was overheard right after being seen......
My relations with the masses are all in tatters.
Tomoki: "Just now. Hey, you wanted these here, right?"
The two of them were carrying equipment.
Sakuraba: "Worry not, Taichi."
Taichi: "What about......?"
Sakuraba: "Regarding the size and expansion rate, I'm sure there is absolutely too much skin."
Taichi: "That comforting doesn't make me happy at all!"
Tomoki: "Anyway, what should we do for now?"
Taichi: "Oh, thanks. Just leave them somewhere. Then, please fulfill your responsibility by connecting them."
Tomoki: "I'm being used......I'm being used really well......"
Tomoki: "What else will you need?"
Taichi: "I guess we'll need batteries. Were there any in the school?"
Tomoki: "Do we still have the ones from the campout?"
Taichi: "And we'll need a tent. Since the equipment could get hot, or get rained on."
Sakuraba: "But we have three tents right here."
Taichi: "What say you John? Where be they?"
I intentionally asked him.
Tomoki: "Sorry, but I can see how this ends."
So can I.
Sakuraba: "They are......within our pants."
Taichi: "Wahahahaha!"
Tomoki: "Ahahaha!"
Sakuraba: "Huhuhu."
But we laughed anyway.
The three idiots loooove crude humor.
Tomoki: "So it's that."
Taichi: "Eh? What? What?"
Tomoki: "Huhu!......hu, normally it's folded up."
Taichi: "Wahahahahaha!"
Sakuraba: "Hahaha!"
We laughed at the inside joke.
Sakuraba: "And, there are individual differences in the height."
Tomoki: "Huhu!!"
Taichi: "Also, there's a one-touch tent. A small tent that seems to simply pop up. If you stimulate it the right way it'll momentarily erect itself---"
Tomoki: "......!......!!!"
Sakuraba: "......kukuku!"
We held our chests while beating each other's shoulders.
Taichi: "Get a patent for that."
Sakuraba: "A tent making practical applications of biotechnology."
Tomoki: "My...my stomach hurts..."
Taichi: "And, when it becomes a hit product and they interview us about where the original concept came from......we'll tell them it was a c**k!......hu!"
I took it too far.
Sakuraba: "......!!!"
Tomoki: "Please! Stop! Stop, my stomach muscles are at their limit......"
The three of us took deep breaths.
Taichi: "Anyway, a proper tent."
We went back to the previous topic.
Tomoki: "Aaah......that's right, we'd planned to get one last year with some of the club's money. Did we ever buy it?"
Taichi: "Sorry......that got brushed aside because of me."
Tomoki: "Eh?"
Sakuraba: "......the Shinkawa Yutaka incident."
With that phrase, the air became solemn.
Tomoki: "......so that's what it was."
Taichi: "Well, there was a lot going on with me too..."
Sakuraba: "Don't worry about it."
Sakuraba: "I trust that you are a man who can carry out a task on his own."
Taichi: "You plan to make me do it on my own!?"
Taichi: "Speaking of which, why do you think I sent out all those postcards!?"
Sakuraba: "Trust. It's a beautiful word."
Tomoki: "That's an incredibly unfair way to use it......"
Taichi: "Eeeei, it doesn't matter so just go get the tent and the batteries!"
Sakuraba: "Then I'll get the batteries."
Tomoki: "So I'll get the tent......can that be carried by one person?"
Taichi: "What if you use a car?"
Tomoki: "......I don't have a license......oh, right."
Taichi: "Huhuhu, there are no police here, my friend."
It's already a crime to make your own broadcast channel without approval.
Tomoki: "I'd like to try driving. Though I don't know much about cars."
Taichi: "The manual cars are simpler."
Tomoki: "Manual?"
Taichi: "Yeah. The ones with three pedals."
Taichi: "I think you'll find one quickly if you look in the staff parking spaces. Don't take one with two pedals. Those are dangerous for an amateur to drive."
Tomoki: "Oookaaay."
Taichi: "So Raba's got the batteries."
Sakuraba: "Yeah, leave it to me."
Sakuraba: "One question though..."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Sakuraba: "What do they look like?"
Taichi: "Tomoki, take Sakuraba with you. Get the tent and the batteries together."
Tomoki: "......yeah, I'll do that."
Sakuraba was a salty guy who'd make you cry if you used him as a standalone anything.
They both left.
Taichi: "Now,"
It should be just about noon.
I was hungry.
I do have the bentou from Youko-chan......that usual double portion.
Shall I eat it with someone?
The second year classroom......she's not here.
Seriously, what happened to Touko?
Did she not see the postcard?
......as an ojou-sama, she might not check the mail herself.
Also, nowadays, no one would think that any mail was coming.
I'll go see how she's doing later.
So, the first year classroom.
All the rooms are arranged and decorated in the same way, but I might bump into them.
The Flowers weren't there.
I'll try looking in the other classrooms.
Not here.
Not this one either.
Even the book ends look similar.
Next one...
Even the location of the erasers was the same.
Don't call this some kind of mathematical identity.
But, it is a coincidence. That's true.
Anyway, neither Miki nor Kiri is here.
......they seriously ran away.
Where should I eat?
I'll eat in Kiri's seat.
Today it's rice balls.
There were seasonings on them, so they appeared quite delicious.
Taichi: "Time to eat."
*munch* *munch*
Kiri: "......why are you in my seat......?"
Taichi: "Welcome back."
Kiri: "Ummm......that's......my seat......"
Taichi: "That's true. Wanna sit here?"
Kiri: "............but, my seat......"
Taichi: "Aaah, I see. Sorry."
I borrowed another chair and sat down again.
On the opposite side of her desk.
Kiri: "......umm..."
Taichi: "Eat. This is a double portion."
Kiri: "......Miki's procuring food for me......"
Taichi: "Would she mind if you helped yourself to this?"
Kiri: "......haa."
She extended her hand.
A successful breakthrough.
Well, Kiri has been losing her nerve lately.
Taichi: "Don't touch anything that could serve as a blade or any other weapon."
Kiri: "......okay."
Kiri: "I don't want to die, after all."
Taichi: "Yep, yep. Youko-chan is strong. And she does what she says."
Kiri: "......why is she so good with a sling?"
Kiri: "It's just strange..."
Taichi: "For the most part, she's good at everything."
Taichi: "What she can do is fundamentally different."
Whatever she does, she gets the hang of it in an instant.
Kiri: "Does she receive special training?"
Taichi: "Aaah, she used to. She had some kind of long vacation where she went to some foreign country and hired a military instructor on the spot."
Kiri: "Military......!?"
She was lost for words.
Taichi: "Maybe she learned the sling then. She might have even learned it from a real shepherd."
Taichi: "Does it still hurt?"
Kiri: "......a little."
Taichi: "She's piled up a lot."
Taichi: "I'm sure she's done many, many other things too."
Taichi: "It feels like she uses most of her life as self-training."
Taichi: "I talk like I'm a martial artist too, but I'm no match for her."
Kiri: "You were doing martial arts?"
It was good of her to ask.
Taichi: "It's called karade."
Kiri: "......I don't know that."
Taichi: "Eh!?"
Kiri: "Is that a spinoff of karate?"
Taichi: "No it isn't, you brat!"
Kiri: "Kya!"
Taichi: "......ah, sorry......I shouldn't have gotten mad......"
Kiri had run three meters away and taken up a battle stance.
Taichi: "Come back over here, I'm not going to eat you."
She came back doubtfully.
Taichi: "Now, now, eat, eat. I'm actually kind and gentle."
Being told karade is a spinoff of karate made me lose it.
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "She doesn't say it, but she can probably use firearms too."
Taichi: "As for martial arts, if you got into a grapple, I think you'd be killed in an instant. She knows a lot of moves, and she bought a really expensive knife recently."
Kiri: "......that's......to think of killing someone......for any reason......"
Taichi: "Weren't you trying to kill me?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "Weeell, it doesn't bother me."
Kiri: "Sempai......are you okay with this?"
Kiri: "I find you......simply detestable."
Kiri: "But you saved my life, and now that I can't do anything, I can't help being in this situation."
Kiri: "But......that doesn't change the fact that I hate you."
Taichi: "Yep."
Kiri: "Please don't misunderstand that."
Taichi: "I won't. I think that's just fine."
Kiri: "......but, eating together......and getting familiar with one another..."
Taichi: "I just want to watch from nearby."
Kiri: "......what from nearby?"
Taichi: "Kiri-chin."
I smiled.
Kiri: "Yo-you're making fun of me!"
She blushed a little.
Taichi: "A precious gem is not something to be touched and loved."
Taichi: "It is something to be watched and enjoyed."
Kiri: "......I can certainly understand why Sempai would think that."
Kiri: "But it doesn't sit well with me. If you want to play with a girl that badly, why not do it with Hasekura-sempai?"
Kiri: "The rest of us are not tools for your amusement."
Taichi: "No good. She only has herself."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "She's running away. She always has been."
Taichi: "It really irritates me."
Kiri threw a look at me like she'd seen something unexpected.
Kiri: "......I can't understand any of Sempai's relationships."
Taichi: "Well, don't let it bother you so much."
The history between me and Youko-chan...not one of those memories of ours can be called fun.
Taichi: "As a tool of amusement, she's useless."
Taichi: "......she's got her hands full with this."
Kiri: "Which means?"
Taichi: "Hmmm......"
I thought.
But no adequate exposition was constructed.
There's no need to explain this to Kiri-chin since she sees right through me to start with.
Taichi: "Yeah. It'd also be best to stay near me if you can."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "I think it'll be fine since I said it pretty strongly, but there's a possibility she'll do something to Kiri-chin when my eyes are elsewhere."
Taichi: "She might try to chop off your head without me finding out."
Kiri held her neck.
Kiri: "......ch-chop off my......"
She was shaking.
Taichi: "To preserve your own life, you have to stay near me......let's just leave it at that."
Kiri: "......of course, that's true, but......"
Taichi: "It's not a reconciliation so much as a truce, right?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "And so, let's keep up the friendly fighting."
I held out my left hand.
Kiri: "......ha."
Reluctantly, Kiri held out her left hand......but didn't shake mine.
She got angry and pulled it back.
Kiri: "............you're mocking me!"
Taichi: "Please stop getting mad at every single joke."
I held out my right hand and gripped Kiri's right hand.
A small, slender hand.
It's definitely not suited for weapons.
After crossing the dangerous bridge called Youko-chan, it feels as if our relationship has improved a little.
Taichi: "Then let's have a party celebrating the successful truce mediation."
Miki: "Procurement completed!"
Miki: "......huuuh?"
Taichi: "Good work."
Miki: "Why are you together?"
Taichi: "I invited her."
Miki: "......what a scary person......even your enemies are your friends......"
Taichi: "This is her thanks for three visits."
Kiri: "......that's not true......"
Miki: "Aaah, you're eating something, what am I going to do with all this food?"
Miki poured out the contents of her tote bag on the desk.
It formed a mountain, spilling off the edges of the desk.
Taichi: "Oooooo!"
Taichi: "Aren't these all sweets!?"
Miki: "Tehe!"
Kiri: "......what about canned food?"
Miki: "It's all gone."
Taichi: "Hmmm. Having sweets for lunch......that seems harsh."
Miki: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "It's bad for your health."
Miki: "But Miki loves sweets."
Kiri: "I'm already full myself, so..."
Taichi: "Sorry, so am I."
Miki: "......eeeh?"
Miki: "Then I'll eat these myself."
She took offense.
Kiri: "......you'll get fat."
Miki: "......"
Miki: "Even if I'm fat, I'll still love sweets."
She started eating some potato chips.
Taichi: "Doesn't it bother you on the inside?"
Miki: "But, buuut!"
Kiri: "Don't cry......"
Taichi: "Come on, I'll give you this rice ball."
Its size is intended for an adult male, so for Kiri-chin it should be just about right.
It wasn't really enough for me, but......whatever.
Miki: "Aaaaah, handmade fooooood."
She clung to the sleeve of the hand holding the rice ball.
Taichi: "Do you want it? Mmm?"
I held it up high.
Miki: "Ah! I want it..."
Taichi: "Here now, here now."
To the right.
Miki: "Aaauuu..."
Taichi: "Uriuri."
To the left.
Miki: "Uuuaaa..."
Kiri: "......you're harassing her."
Taichi: "......here now."
Miki: "Aaah, delishus!"
She started biting into it.
Leaving the mountain of sweets.
Taichi: "......those are......unsettling eating habits......for a girl. Is it always like this?"
Kiri: "It's normally canned food or bread."
Taichi: "Eat vegetables."
Kiri: "There aren't any."
Taichi: "Here, tomatoes. I've got two of them."
Miki: "Aaaaah, tomatoeees..."
Taichi: "Mmm? Do you want one?"
Miki: "I want one!"
Taichi: "Here now, here now."
To the right.
Miki: "Aaauuu..."
Taichi: "Uriuri."
To the left.
Miki: "Uuuaaa..."
Kiri: "............as I thought, this person......is just a bully."
Taichi: *sigh*
Kiri: "Nnnnnnn."
Miki: "Souuur."
Kiri: "But delicious......"
Miki: "I'm gonna cry."
Kiri: "It's nice to be alive."
Miki: "Nyauuu."
What eating habits do these two have?
While watching Miki's and Kiri's mouths turn into a 『＊』 shape as they ate the tomatoes, I quenched my throat with a water bottle.
Taichi: *cough* *cough!*
She's watching, she's watching!!!
I'm being stared at!!
She's a lump of jealousy......
Showing herself to me as if I'm doing something to bother her......must be an intentional hint.
As a kunoichi, she's supposed to have a high degree of secrecy.
She's not something I'd be able to find.
Miki: "What's happened?"
Taichi: "......we're being watched with Ichihara-style intelligence gathering."
Miki: "Ichihara?"
Taichi: "Espionage techniques passed down through an incredibly skilled group led by E. Ichihara."
Miki: "?"
Kiri: "Kyaaaaa!!?"
Apparently Kiri saw her too.
Kiri: "Sempai! Se! Sempa......ah, that, that......"
Taichi: "It's okay, I'm right next to you."
Kiri: "......o-okay......"
Miki: "Eh? Eh?"
Kiri: "Wh-what......?"
Kiri pointed. Miki said, "Wha-?" and looked.
Youko-chan was gone.
Miki: "......eh? There's nothing there...what happened?"
Kiri: "J-just now I'm sure I......Sempai?"
Taichi: "The Shimura Phenomenon. Miki can no longer physically observe Youko-chan."
*Shimura Phenomenon = Taichi physics. A kind of observational problem found within stable, specific situations. That which someone can and cannot see is fixed as a personal attribute. Those attributes are often destroyed due to a major change within the situation.
Aaaaah, she's watching......
Kiri: "......ku!"
Kiri was stressed half to death.
I held her shoulders reflexively.
The corners of Youko-chan's eyes shook.
This is something hopelessly rare.
Kiri: "......uu, uuuuu......"
Kiri was getting nervous and not noticing how familiar I was acting around her.
Like a cat driven into a corner.
Taichi: "......your shoulders feel delicate."
I find her adorable, but at the same time I had the desire to destroy her.
Those two feelings existed simultaneously.
......I let go of her.
Taichi: "Kiri-chin, be careful."
Kiri: "......meaning?"
Taichi: "Even if you don't get injured, there's a possibility she'll do disagreeable things to you."
Kiri: "Di-disagreeable? Concretely speaking, what do you mean?"
Taichi: "Uhhhh......I think it'd be quite insidious."
Taichi: "Stealing your dignity...humiliating you as much as possible while still passing it off as a joke."
Kiri: "......isn't that the same as you?"
Taichi: "Uu!"
Kiri: "......I knew it......I can't trust you."
Kiri returned to Miki's side.
Aaaaah, my lover's been stolen by homosexuality.
Taichi: "Damn you!"
I'll try hating Miki.
Miki: "......yeees?"
Miki was here.
Taichi: "Heeey, you, the first year."
Miki: "Ah, Sempai's wearing clothes."
Taichi: "Gufu!"
Miki: "You're not exposing your thing anymore......thank goodness..."
Taichi: "Speak not of my thing."
Taichi: "Even I don't know why it was being exposed."
Miki: "........................"
Why'd she fall silent?
Taichi: "More importantly, what's this cardboard box?"
Miki: "Aaah, I was thinking of playing by myself with that......but I've already been found out."
Miki: "This is a Mikihouse."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Is that okay?"
Miki: "I wonder what it is you're referring to."
Taichi: "Well......various......"
Miki: "It's Miki's house, so Mikihouse. What sort of problem is there?"
Now that you mention it, that makes sense.
Miki: "I'll take time between my movements so as not to be spotted when I'm in enemy territory."
Taichi: "That wouldn't work."
Miki: "Are you sure?"
Taichi: "Obviously any normal young adult that saw the Mikihouse would think 『Are there any good children's clothes in here?』 and dandily peek inside."
Miki: "......uuu, I'll only be able to sell what I have on me."
Taichi: "How much?"
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "How much do you want for them?"
Miki: "Why are you suddenly saying that with a serious face?"
Taichi: "Because this is the serious generation. But that doesn't matter at all."
Taichi: "Now, how much?"
Miki: "Nnn, I wonder..."
Like a little devil, she showed me a mischievous face.
Miki: "Then, a million yen per outfit. This price is decided on the spot. But the price right now is for a limited time only. If you can pay it now, I wouldn't mind stripping it off and handing it to you right here. But if you can't, then I won't."
I handed her ten of the coins I got from Sakuraba.
Taichi: "I've decided on the spot to buy it."
Miki: "........................eah?"
Miki produced a question word matching the atmosphere of the room as her expression froze.
Taichi: "......I shall have you strip right here."
Taichi: "It's a shame this doesn't have a view screen, but I shall at least record your changing scene."
I readied a camera. Good thing we're in the club room.
Okay, the batteries are still charged.
Miki: "............ah! Umm......these are?"
Taichi: "Hundred thousand yen coins. Though Miki wouldn't know about them."
Taichi: "During the Shouwa period, we warred, and expanded, and became hated by the world, and yet that period lasted over sixty years."
Miki: "Can these really be used?"
Taichi: "You can't really use them, but they are official currency."
Taichi: "Anyway, I made my decision on the spot. I've paid you the money. Now it's your turn."
Miki: "Hi!......"
Terror.
Taichi: "If you run contrary to your promise......I'll give you a rating of 『Extremely Poor.』"
Miki: "To a girl, such a rumor would be a danger among dangers."
Taichi: "Then strip."
Miki: "Ha, hawaaa, fuwa......th-that's......"
Kiri: "Please wait!"
It was Kiri.
Taichi: "Uu! You're Kiri!"
I was kicked.
I guarded my head.
But,
Kiri: "......I'll strip in your place."
Both Of Us: "Eeeeeeeeeeeh!!?"
Kiri stuck her hand inside her skirt and pulled down her underwear.
Kiri: *sob*......
Taichi: "Okay, okay, it's fine, it's fine! I changed my mind!"
Kiri: "......are you sure?"
Taichi: "I'm not into making maidens cry."
We'd at least have to be alone......
Miki: "Thank youuu, Kiri-chiii!"
Kiri: "Miki! I'm so glad you're safe."
*grab*
The two embraced.
......I'm the villain in this world, aren't I?
Now then,
I'll leave the club to everyone else,
And go pick up Touko.
Let's go by car.
I gathered keys from the staff room and searched for a car that at least one would fit.
Taichi: "Oowa......"
The parking lot had become a tragedy.
As if a runaway car had repeatedly driven into everything.
Taichi: "They're all dented......"
This one's bumper is torn off.
Trees were broken.
Cracks radiated out on the front windshield.
Taichi: "......Tomoki-sensei......"
Tomoki was divinely talentless at driving.
Taichi: "So the mission was impossible for an amateur, kukuku."
Even I know how to drive well enough to get that far.
I guess some humans are just better than others.
I got into a car I had the key for.
As a man, this is a natural mission to carry out.
An automatic...
This vehicle's for girls.
Taichi: "Ke! I'll show you!"
I was violent.
I started getting reckless.
I hit the accelerator splendidly at half-clutch.
Crap, I hit the car right in front of me.
Good thing I had my seat belt on.
I'll retreat for now.
Taichi: "Back up, back up now......"
I ran over the chocks under the back tires and knocked down a tree.
Taichi: "This is hard..."
This kind of mistake doesn't even happen once in a million. It's a super-rare event.
Retry.
Crap, I left it in reverse gear.
Once in a million and another once in a million......how many is that now?
Whatever.
I'm so miraculous I sparkle.
Although this car looks expensive......sorry, deceased Professor Sakakibara.
I moved forward.
Carefully...with the parking break active.
I released it.
The car suddenly lurched forward.
I grazed the cars lined up on one side, and plucked off their bumpers.
I'm destroying things with decent efficiency.
Crap, I did something horrible to the principal's Ferrari.
Taichi: "......"
Well, I guess it's fine. His fault for Ferraring at such a dangerous school.
*Ferraring = Taichian. Two meanings. (1) To be or become the owner of a Ferrari. (2) (censored)
Forward slowly. Left turn.
Taichi: "That's good."
The engine stalled.
Taichi: "............"
I restarted it.
It backed up.
Taichi: "......"
Although I had fully realized this, the seat belt really is a necessity.
Taichi: "Go without discouragement!"
The car stopped moving.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Its biorhythms seem unfavorable.
Taichi: "Still, Japanese cars are fragile."
It'd be a dream within a dream for this car to get transferred to the Western police.
There'd be a mountain of concerns about it getting destroyed by fire truck hoses.
Youko-chan tapped the window.
Taichi: "......what?"
I opened the window.
Youko: "Get out."
I got out.
Youko: "Wait."
Taichi: "......yeah."
I drew the hiragana for "no" in the ground while waiting, and a car drove up from a far-away parking space.
She parked right in front of me, with practiced driving.
Youko: "Get in."
I got in the passenger seat.
Youko: "Where do you want to go?"
Taichi: "......I'll be heading to the Kirihara castle."
I had her take me there.
I was full of sad feelings.
Touko's house is big.
So big that it cuts off the sunshine, and I can only see one side of it.
I have good night vision, but for some reason I couldn't see a thing.
Now that humanity's disappeared, there's no value in letting mysterious little phenomena like that bug me.
I entered.
There was armor in one corner, as if that was natural.
......maybe it was natural, but with all the windows kept closed it was completely dark in here.
No matter how good my night vision is, I can't ascertain anything in my field of vision.
I wandered around the mansion.
It was like a maze.
Where's Touko's room?
Maybe the second floor?
I climbed the stairs.
It felt like zombies would start coming out of this mansion.
Taichi: "Toukoooo!"
No answer.
My voice was sucked into the luxurious carpet.
I confirmed each of the rooms one by one.
This is a pain.
......I should've had Youko-chan come with me.
Then, when I opened one of the countless doors,
Light poured in.
Taichi: "........................"
The window was open all the way.
The wind came in softly, revolved around the room and left.
So that's why...
There's no smell.
Taichi: "......Touko."
I didn't feel like touching her.
It wasn't an aversion.
It was because I felt that state of hers was noble.
It reminded me of the dignified Sleeping Beauty.
Touko of Gunjou was alone.
She used to attend a school for rich girls.
Then she was pulled here by the adaptation coefficient examination.
......together with her mansion.
Adaptation coefficients are shown as percentages.
Touko's was forty six.
At Gunjou, neither high nor low.
If you look at it bluntly, half of them could call her normal.
At these times when Touko is so august, I'm filled with pride and humiliation......
It was beautiful.
She rejected conversation. Even with teachers.
Though she came to school, she rejected the uniform, hid inside herself and rejected people.
Not attributed to anywhere, not flattering anybody.
However, inside her heart, she was shaking from a longing for people.
That's why she captivated me right away.
And now, Touko had her arms folded elegantly on top of her bed.
Did she do that to herself?
Did she leave as if sleeping?
I'm sure that's it.
Normally, one would think it's a tragic conclusion.
But even the sadness was repainted with an overpowering dignity.
I stayed there, moved.
Taichi: "......that's it."
She left alone.
That Touko......by herself...
Taichi: "Not bad......Touko."
Weakening? A drug? Starvation?
I don't know.
I don't feel like digging into it.
One thing I can say:
That bearing of Touko's, embraced by the canopied bed, lying down as if time had stopped, was fantastic, making me feel like dreams and reality were only transitory.
I give you my blessings.
I closed the door.
Alone in the darkness.
I decided to leave the mansion.
As long as the reset occurs, I'll be able to see her again.
That truth was called upon inside my mind the moment before I left the mansion.
If her nobility was also repeated, it'd lose its sparkle.
Touko's resolution, or her loneliness, or her struggle.
......something irritated me.
I felt as if she'd been defiled.
Then, for what reason did I......?
I left Touko all alone, didn't I?
On the ride home, my irritation didn't go away.
I left the club behind.
And approached the restrooms.
I naturally entered the girls' bathroom.
I looked in the mirror.
My own face was reflected within it.
White hair.
Eyes with a peculiar nature.
A hook nose that makes one wonder who I was.
In my own eyes, that's how I looked.
There were people who said I had good features.
That I had a girl's face.
Well, that might be true.
That's why I become 『that way』 after all.
My opinion is different.
This face had some imperceptible heterogeneity that made it frightening.
It was covered in adipocere. I couldn't think of it as human.
......a doll's face.
Hans Bellmer's spherically jointed dolls.
They have a certain beauty, but they also have something unsettling within them......they contain darkness.
That's the reason why they're liked by those who prefer the darkness.
And now I was once again drawing near to that same darkness.
But I'm......fine being normal.
Within their own long histories, what sort of ethics do humans try to build up?
Bright, unblemished health?
......is that not mistaken?
Won't the darkness condense enough to push inside?
That which is born from eternal darkness.
At the end of the day, I'm not sure if it could be called a person.
I envy people with solid black hair. I envy them so much I can't stand it.
I once thought of dyeing it.
But hair grows fast.
White immediately infiltrated from the roots.
As I saw gray through the black, I became self-conscious of it.
Everything is no more than decoration.
As if I, right now, am truly an ornament.
A slightly off-putting face.
I felt like vomiting.
I must see it that way because of my self-hatred.
Taichi: "......"
Aaah, this is a bad state of mind.
I was feeling far too good about Touko's case.
I'm loving decadence and corruption.
I mustn't sink too far.
A sound came from one of the stalls.
Taichi: "............"
Without hesitation, I turned toward it.
Kiri: "......eh?"
Kiri was in the stall.
She was shocked.
Her face was pale.
Her health seemed unsatisfactory.
I took a position in the stall entrance, as if blocking it with both hands.
Now, you can't run away, Kiri.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
An untarnished voice, like another person's.
My heart was rapidly calming down.
I was retaking my calmness.
My field of vision dulled.
I could no longer discern fine detail.
I'm sure my pupils were also transforming.
Pupils sparkling brilliantly in the darkness.
It's a little dim here, so there's no doubt Kiri can see it.
Kiri's fingertips twitched.
She's reacting sensitively.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Kiri: "Uh, umm......"
An abnormal atmosphere.
Kiri's also feeling it.
She's upset by my calm words.
Kiri: "......I wasn't......feeling well......"
Taichi: "That's not good."
Taichi: "Are you okay?"
Kiri: "......yes......umm......I......"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Kiri: "......umm......my menstruation......is rough at the end......"
Taichi: "Oooh, is that so?"
Taichi: "I didn't know that."
She's fearing me.
Glasswork.
Beautiful, and delicate.
Innocence.
Taichi: "What do you mean, 'rough?'"
Kiri: "Generally unstable......the cycles aren't fixed......"
Taichi: "Aaah, around that age, most girls are like that."
Beautiful lapis lazuli.
Taichi: "It's because of an immature hormone balance in the midst of growth."
My vidro.
Taichi: "Kiri, since your body is especially slender, it may also be because of belated growth."
If I embrace her, she'll break.
Kiri: "......I......see......"
If I don't embrace her, she'll grow up dull.
From glass to a clod.
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
The beauty will be spoiled.
Kiri: "I seem to have just finished it, but......but there was a lot......of blood......"
She'll become normal. She'll turn into a normal girl.
Taichi: "Yeah, and?"
The Kiri right now.
Kiri: "That's why......I'm anemic right now......"
Taichi: "Hmmm, so, that blood you mentioned......"
She was always beautiful.
When she was agonizing, and when she was healthy.
Taichi: "Is it still coming out?"
She still is beautiful.
Kiri: "......hi......!"
Her expression. Evident terror.
Hushed blackness filled the stall.
Taichi: "Is it still painful?"
Kiri: "......what are you......trying to......?"
I wiped away the smirk I'd had until now.
Taichi: "......you'll answer my questions."
Kiri: "No......"
I yearn for her.
I yearn for, and want to touch her.
Gradually heightening impulses.
There were things which ought to be called complications.
But the rationality to resist was lacking.
It's nice, deserving a better role.
Taichi: "You will answer."
Kiri: "......go away......anywhere else......"
Why have I been neglecting this fragile art until now?
Taichi: "If you answer, I'll go away."
Kiri: "............"
Kiri: "It......still......is."
Because I felt that if I touched her carelessly, I'd leave fingerprints.
Taichi: "Hmmm, theeen..."
Taichi: "So is that what's trickling down the inside of your thighs?"
Kiri: "......!!?"
Kiri was shocked.
Hadn't she noticed it?
It seems her senses were paralyzed by stress.
Taichi: "......that's dark blood."
I looked at it.
At blood.
In this state of mind.
But,
I don't mind.
I'll make Kiri eternal.
A milk crown.
A momentary mold produces one drop.
The glasswork Kiri is also excellent in the moment she shatters.
Excellent---
Taichi: "That's dark blood."
Kiri: "Ah, aaah, no, nooo......"
She distanced herself.
Kiri: "No, nono......don't come, don't come any closer......"
She was shaking like a kitten.
Taichi: "Have you ever thought about how many kittens died in agony on this Earth?"
I touched her thighs.
Light skin. Fingers sinking.
As if they'd pierce through her.
I pushed into her body.
Kiri: "Hiyaaaa."
Pain and shuddering.
Her voice tightened.
High and faint enough to fly off the audible range.
Taichi: "Five cats were born, and one was adopted. It had a nice life, a happy end."
My fingertips slipped inside.
Taichi: "Two died of hunger and cold. They might have gone insane by the end."
I touched blood.
It was thick, almost like semen.
Taichi: "One walked away somewhere and got eaten alive by a stray dog. It might not have suffered much. Its purpose in life was merely a single meal for an aged stray dog whose own days were numbered."
Taichi: "It might have become the vitality the dog needed to eat and kill its siblings and mother. We can't actually say for sure that that isn't what happened."
I held up my fingers.
Sticking them into Kiri.
Kiri: "......ha, ha, ha!......"
Rough and shallow breathing.
Horrible sweat.
Pitiful.
Taichi: "What happened to the last one?"
Kiri: "Ha! Ha! Ha!......"
Kiri's viewpoints were tied to my fingertips.
Taichi: "......it was run over by a car and died."
Taichi: "A kitten becomes a pancake in an instant."
Taichi: "No suffering, but no meaning."
Taichi: "No meaning......"
Taichi: "That's a pointless death."
Taichi: "Just how many times have such things been repeated until now?"
Taichi: "Open your mouth."
Kiri: "......fua."
Words don't reach her.
Taichi: "Won't you open your mouth?"
Kiri: "Don't do anything cruel."
She finally said that.
Taichi: "I won't do anything cruel if you open your mouth."
Taichi: "Come on, say, 'aaah.'"
Kiri obeyed.
I stuck my fingers in.
Kiri: "Nnnnn!!"
Taichi: "......lick them. There......yes, good girl."
I took out my fingers.
Taichi: "The world is filled with things like pain and unhappiness......"
Taichi: "It really makes one uneasy."
Taichi: "That's why we want to connect. Even for an instant earlier; even for a moment longer."
Taichi: "If we don't connect like that, we won't be able to understand the normal way of living in this cruel world."
Taichi: "But those who are fulfilled are utterly blind."
Taichi: "They say they don't fear solitude. They speak with faces saying that they are indeed established and competent on their own."
Taichi: "Such people are garbage."
Taichi: "They don't know true solitude, and already possess the heart for living normally."
Taichi: "They're people from a far-off world."
Taichi: "They're different from humans like us whose hearts weren't raised according to plan."
Taichi: "That's fine while they're in their far-off world, but......won't they come closer and try to make food out of us?"
Taichi: "Kiri, you should know this quite well."
I moved my face closer as I spoke.
Kiri: "......aau, ah, ha!......"
She's falling apart.
Though it's a momentary thing.
Taichi: "Didn't you say yourself that the world is scary?"
Taichi: "Justice is justice for their sake."
Taichi: "There's not one good thing left for our sake."
Taichi: "But, don't you want to live?......don't you?"
Heavy menstrual flow.
A reddish black.
I touched my lips to Kiri's thigh.
And my tongue.
Kiri: "......nooooooo!"
I licked it off.
I held in her pitifully shaking lower limbs with both arms.
Kiri: "Hi! Hiku! Hi!......uuaaaaa......"
I followed her leg, arriving at the source.
Her underwear had been worthless for a while.
I stood up.
Kiri looked at me.
With fright, and......a small amount of animosity.
That's preparation for genuinely despising me.
Go ahead and despise me.
We can easily redo this.
After all, our proper dignity will be made nonexistent at the end of the week like everything else.
Taichi: "......"
I leaned onto her upper body and pushed her against the wall.
I placed a hand on Kiri's underwear.
And my tongue on her neck.
Kiri: "......you......beast......"
Her abusive words came through a lovely voice.
I inserted my fingers from the side of her underwear, and played with her private parts.
Kiri: "......I'll......"
Kiri: "I'll......kill you......"
Kiri: "Sempai, I'm going......to kill you."
Taichi: "Haha!"
I exposed the lower half of her body, and adhered to it.
Kiri closed her eyes tightly.
Something was thrown into the stall, making a dry noise.
I looked.
A can was revolving as it flew.
It bounced off the wall and fell to the floor.
I saw that scene in horribly slow motion.
My consciousness accelerated to the limit.
Cans don't fly. Someone threw it. Who? There's no need to think about it now. It was thrown. Intent. It was thrown with an intent. The objective? An effect that can be anticipated from throwing a can. The thrown can will display an effect.
Explosion? A thrown weapon? A hand grenade. A small room. Increased destructive force. Death? Death. Death. Splash damage. Impossible to evade. Related to location. Certain death for me. I will die. Confirmed.
Kiri is
opening her mouth; closing her eyes.
I held her head as if to cover her ears.
A small head.
Kiri is cute.
I felt that without limit for a second.
I felt love for Kiri for an unlimited moment.
And then it burst.
The room became white.
A roaring sound. The pressure wave pushed against my back.
Kiri: "-!!?"
Kiri shrunk within my chest.
I didn't get away with just shrinking.
My eyes were scorched.
My ears were numbed.
My whole body had stiffened.
I can't move.
This is......death by explosion.
I learned a feeling of incongruity.
Various senses of mine were being peeled away.
My inability to discern shows just how forlorn I am.
I'm not even able to grasp the situation.
I felt a tug at the base of my neck.
I fell down backwards.
Someone was supporting me.
Aaah......
A nostalgic fragrance.
It hasn't changed since back then.
Her......faint sweetness.
Youko: "......"
Hasekura Youko---
She was pulling me out into the hallway.
Taichi: "Ah......what was that......?"
My tongue was finally able to move.
Something about my body was strange.
A sensation as if my limbs were stretched out.
Youko: "......flashbang."
Taichi: "Flash......a bomb?"
Youko: "Also called a stun grenade. A special, flashing hand-thrown projectile."
Taichi: "Aaah."
That's right.
I'd thought I'd seen that can somewhere.
Taichi: "......so it was that......from long ago..."
Youko: "Yes."
She made a cute smile.
My memories with her were all this sort of thing.
Youko: "Have you regained......your rationality?"
Taichi: "Yes......I'm fine."
Youko: "I'm sorry......for taking violent action."
Taichi: "It's okay."
It was a measure that couldn't be helped.
Taichi: "But, why did you go out of your way to stop me?"
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "I wasn't exactly in danger or anything......"
Then I noticed.
Yes, she hadn't saved me because of a danger to me.
It was because I'd been trying to connect to Kiri.
Moreover......I'd tried it as the purest me.
Jealousy.
It was nothing more than jealousy.
My feelings withered.
Taichi: "Why are you......trying to degrade yourself?"
Youko: "......but-"
Taichi: "Again with the 'but's?"
Taichi: "Even though you can live by yourself?"
Taichi: "Even though you don't need something like me?"
Youko: "......I do need you."
Youko: "I can't live with only half of me."
Taichi: "I'm not your other half or anything."
Youko: "......Taichi."
Instead of a logical answer, she just embraced my head.
She kissed me.
With graceful etiquette.
I didn't......resist.
Youko: "Taichi, can you stand?"
Taichi: "Yeah......"
My five senses had largely recovered.
Taichi: "Your uniform is covered in grime."
Youko: "......I was sweating a bit."
Taichi: "You're wearing the same one every day."
Youko: "............"
I got sick of her expressionless face.
Taichi: "Eh? Isn't that normal for you?"
Youko: "......I'm filthy."
Taichi: "Then you can let go of me."
Youko: "............"
She became expressionless, almost sad.
Taichi: "After all, doesn't Touko wear the same clothes every day as well?"
Youko: "That's because she has several copies of that outfit......"
Taichi: "Whaaat?"
Kiri: "......uu......"
Kiri came out staggering.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
Kiri: "......Kurosu......Taichi."
Infuriated eyes staring at an enemy.
......it's only natural.
Kiri: "How dare you!......"
Kiri: "How dare you, how dare you!!"
Those weren't tears of sadness.
Emotions which can only be held by those who've been maltreated, deprived and toyed with.
......pure and simple anger.
It was righteous indignation.
Kiri: "You were......after all......both of you......"
Kiri: "You're both insane!"
Taichi: "......"
Youko: "......"
Youko-chan took out a bladed weapon.
A large knife.
Kiri's face went pale.
Taichi: "Wait."
Youko: "......being imprisoned by hatred, she's dangerous to Taichi."
Taichi: "Will you break your promise?"
Youko: "But..."
Kiri: "Why do you even bother?"
She forced her way in.
Kiri: "......either way......even if I live, won't I just be made into food for you!?"
Taichi: "I don't know how I can excuse my actions, but......"
Taichi: "I'm sorry!"
I praised myself, saying I'd apologized just like a cheerleading section.
Kiri gaped at me for a moment, but, she was soon distorted by disgrace.
Kiri: "......I can't......understand."
Kiri: "What is that......just what are you?"
Kiri: "I can't understand, I can not understand it!!"
Kiri: "......I don't......care anymore......"
She held her disheveled chest and walked away.
Taichi: "Wait a minute."
She ignored me.
Youko: "......Taichi......you're in too deep."
I tried to follow her, but there was a voice behind me.
Taichi: "Isn't that okay? It'll be repeated anyway."
Taichi: "Our proper time is meaningless, right?"
Taichi: "There's a lot I should do in order to increase the amount of information in the diaries."
Youko: "If you're acting for just that, then you're right......but Taichi, that's wrong."
Youko: "Taichi is treating a broken toy too preciously."
Taichi: "Are you telling me to live only facing you until I die?"
Youko: "Yes, like back then."
Taichi: "......without connecting to anyone else."
Taichi: "Forever within a small ring......"
Youko: "Size is a subjective thing."
Youko: "There's not a big difference between living in a family of a hundred, and living with me."
Youko: "I think Taichi's decisions are overly conscious of what is normal."
Youko: "Even though what you need is something you come up with by analyzing yourself."
Taichi: "......what's wrong with normal things?"
Youko: "It doesn't suit Taichi."
Youko: "Even though those girls can only be momentary toys..."
Youko: "......it won't last. It will end quickly."
Youko: "Taichi himself will start wanting to end it."
Taichi: "............"
That might be.
Like what happened just now.
I understand what she wants to say.
However,
Taichi: "This week you'll let me do as I please."
Youko: "......I see."
Taichi: "You can go home for today."
Youko: "You don't have to turn me away that much......"
Taichi: "I'm saying you don't have to watch over me. After all, even if I end up in danger, tomorrow's Sunday. The day of refiguring. It won't mind if I do something reckless."
Youko: "......proper time."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Youko: "Just as you are now living in your proper time, I am living in my proper time."
Youko: "Only the current me is facing the current you. It's an obvious thing, but......"
Youko: "The wishes of the proper me are different from those of next week's me."
Youko: "That's why, well......"
As if imploring me...
Youko: "We are being destroyed every week."
Youko: "Individual destruction. In other words,"
Youko: "Every week, I'm a different me......"
Taichi: "......!"
The same thought I had.
Youko: "I don't know what will happen to the me's of other weeks, but......"
Tears.
Youko: "With so many possibilities, is there one where......Taichi will treat me kindly?"
Taichi: "That's......I don't know, but,"
Youko: "There was no such pattern in the notebooks."
Youko: "......you just dissipate without attaining what you wish for."
Taichi: "Let's talk about that later."
Youko: "There is no later."
Youko: "I'll just disappear while wanting for you."
Youko: "It'll become goodbye."
Taichi: "......I see."
Youko: "I'm sorry......I won't bother you anymore......"
She turned her heels.
Youko: "But, record this at least."
She spoke to me while turned away.
Youko: "......wherever you go, there is no one......who will understand you."
Her words became heavy stones that fell into my stomach.
Taichi: "........................"
I watched her walk down the hallway until she became as small as a mustard seed, and disappeared.
I definitely don't hate her.
But......there are too many contradictions in her wishes.
I felt as if there would be no intermingling of our two paths.
I search for Kiri.
For what purpose?
An apology?
Or perhaps......
I don't know.
Impulses were moving me, making me wander throughout the school.
Sempai and Miki were there.
It looks like Tomoki and Sakuraba haven't returned yet.
Taichi: "Miki."
Miki: "Ah, how was Kirihara-sempai?"
My heart leaped faintly.
But, that was all.
Taichi: "......she was energetic. I was hated energetically."
Miki: "Yep, exactly as predicted."
Taichi: "I predicted it too."
We both laughed.
Taichi: "How's the work going?"
Miki: "Somehow, someway."
Taichi: "......is that good or bad?"
Miki: "I guess it'll happen somehow? That's what it feels like."
Taichi: "That's nice."
Miki: "However, I heard an explosion inside the school not too long ago."
Taichi: "Hu!"
That would echo......
Miki: "For a while Mimi-sempai and I were holding each other, shaking and half-crying, so our progress has been slow."
Taichi: "Uuooo, that's an adorable picture."
Miki: "What was that?......To be honest, I want to go to the bathroom, but I'm too scared to enter the building."
Taichi: "If you'll do it in front of me, I'll simply bring a toilet up here."
Miki: "Uwaa......disturbing......"
She held her head.
Come to think of it, this is no time to do stuff like that.
Taichi: "Also, it was actually my doing."
Misato: "Is-is that so......but, in the end, what was it?"
Her glasses tilted and clouded.
It seems she'd seriously been scared.
Taichi: "An alarm clock."
Miki: "......defective equipment I see."
Taichi: "That's why I threw it out."
Misato: "So that was what it was......thank goodness......it wasn't terrorism."
Taichi: "There aren't any people around to commit terrorism."
Miki: "Ah, then I'm going to go to the bathroom!"
Miki flapped her hands like a bird as she ran away.
Taichi: "Make sure you flush!"
Miki: "There's no need to say that!"
Taichi: "You gonna do a big one? A small one?"
Miki: "Let's say it's small!"
She stuck her tongue out and went inside.
Taichi: "......and with that, I'll also take a short-"
Misato: "Peke-kun."
Her tone of voice was calmer.
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "......I might have to give you my thanks."
Taichi: "Your thanks?"
Misato: "No, it was nothing. Where are you going?"
Taichi: "Haa, I'm going to look for Kiri-chin for a bit."
Misato: "So you harassed her again?"
Almost as if that would be a lovely occurrence.
Taichi: "......yes, a little. I'm sorry."
Misato: "Oh no, that's more important, so please be sure to take care of it."
Taichi: "That I will do."
And again I piled on the lies.
I followed Kiri's presence.
Since she'd been walking this way......maybe she'd gone to the classroom?
I don't think......she'd left the building.
I went to the first year classroom.
And then---
She was there.
Her usual defenseless back.
For now, I spoke up.
Taichi: "......ummm, Kiri-chin?"
What do I want to do?
I don't know.
An apology?
More destruction?
I don't know.
I was disgusted with myself for not knowing.
Kiri: "......"
Kiri turned around and said,
Kiri: "You are a dirty murderer."
I was lost for words.
Those generally aren't things said by an underclassman.
Taichi: "......w-well your anger is reasonable......right?"
Kiri: "Anger?"
Kiri: "It's not such a simple emotion."
Kiri: "You are......my enemy. You---"
A quiet voice.
Quiet features.
A quiet......disclosure.
Kiri: "Killed...Yutaka."
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "Unbelievable."
Taichi: "......why would you think that?"
Kiri: "I know about it."
Kiri: "That day, you were talking to Yutaka on the roof."
Taichi: "............"
She knew.
She knew, she knew.
Kiri knew.
Taichi: "That day?"
This can't be.
At once, my heart,
Froze over.
Kiri: "The day Yutaka died."
Kiri: "......I've always suspected."
Kiri: "But......I didn't know."
Kiri: "That's why I didn't want to become involved with you."
Kiri: "But you got yourself involved with me."
There was conviction in Kiri's eyes.
They were no longer smoldering, but burning down, making an aggressive color reside in her pupils.
Taichi: "Wait a minute, isn't that strange?"
Taichi: "......if I'd killed Yutaka, do you think I'd start talking to you?"
Kiri: "......I think you wouldn't talk to me."
Kiri: "Normally."
Taichi: "It's true......I'm not normal, but-"
Kiri: "We are nothing more than your prey."
Kiri: "You just satisfied your hunger."
Kiri: "What's normal to humans doesn't matter, because of what you are."
Kiri: "......you're a monster that eats human hearts."
Taichi: "............"
She says whatever she wants.
Taichi: "You know......Yutaka and I were friends. I had no reason to kill him."
Kiri: "No motive is needed."
Kiri: "There's no such thing as a reason for hunger."
Taichi: "Nnnnnnn..."
I scratched my head.
Taichi: "Well then, why would I have to go out of my way to prey on Yutaka? Let's say I am a monster and I do make prey out of others. Don't you get the feeling girls would be better than boys?"
Kiri: "......do you care about the gender of fried chicken when you eat it?"
Taichi: "Nn......"
She says that, and then this:
Kiri: "At the very least......the eyes you look at me with......gave that impression."
Taichi: "That's because, you know......well..."
Taichi: "Since he's a guy, a lot of things would swell up."
Kiri: "That is wrong."
Taichi: "Do you have experience?"
Kiri: "......I do not. But, I can at least tell when something is wrong."
That's right, this girl,
She was perceptive.
Could you call it the power to see through malice?
Overly sharp insight?
If you look at me with those eyes, I'll agree that the world is anger.
So she chipped away at the benefit of the doubt with circumstantial evidence and intuition.
Kiri: "......I always suspected."
Kiri: "But, these few days......I let down my guard in front of you."
Kiri: "That's regrettable......"
Kiri: "But,"
Kiri: "With that I learned your true identity."
Kiri lowered her hand outside the window.
Kiri: "You are......"
She pulled up.
A bundle of cloth.
She'd hung it from the bottom of the window frame?
She took off the cloth, and...
Kiri: "A filthy murderer."
Taichi: "......"
A second one......in other words, this was Miki's.
A composition of me having been splendidly lured in.
Kiri: "Please don't move."
Taichi: "As a man, saying this is embarrassing, but...... Youko-chan's going to be mad."
Kiri: "That's okay."
Kiri: "As long as I can eliminate you."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Kiri: "Who's next after me? Club President-sempai? Kirihara-sempai? Or perhaps......Miki?"
Taichi: "......I don't make prey out of anyone."
As long as I can nobly maintain myself.
Although people desire people,
If you interact with someone using yourself as the pretext, it's over.
Don't you have to put some distance between you and them before that happens?
Because the world isn't kind.
Even though Kiri should understand that...
This contradiction......do you understand it, Kiri?
Kiri: "I have no obligation to believe you."
She readied her weapon.
At this distance she'll probably hit me.
I was within the distance of the tree Kiri had practiced on.
She wasn't liable to miss.
Taichi: "......Kiri, if you kill me, you're going to die too."
Kiri: "I don't mind."
She smiled.
Kiri: "After all, either way, the world is already over."
Taichi: "Even though none of the people you hate are here?"
Kiri: "......don't you mean they shouldn't be here?"
Kiri: "I just wanted them to do the right thing!"
Kiri: "......you too......"
Taichi: "............"
Pure murderous intent.
It crystallized, became a design surrounding the small Kiri and dyed her.
If I die, so will Kiri.
She's prepared for that.
Just like Touko.
Here I was thinking that it was good.
On the other hand, I also want people.
I want memories.
I want to record them.
I want to carve them into my heart.
If I can just have memories, if I can just have that brilliant precious gem---
......I might really be a monster that lives by feeding on people's feelings.
Kiri: "Do you have anything you'd like to say before you die?"
Through pitiful shaking, Kiri's hand informed me that,
She's scared.
Scared of killing a person.
A heart strained with all its might.
To burst that balloon of doubt and rationality, a little stimulus would suffice.
Just the tip of a needle.
......there's a way to survive.
But there's also the thought, 'I'll go ahead and die.'
Hesitation.
  -Accept it
  -Don't accept it
......impossible.
There's no way I can accept death.
It's true that I hate myself.
I hate everything about myself.
I despise my own hideousness and the depth of my desires.
Self-hatred that's above the hatred Kiri holds.
But......if I was going to commit suicide, I would've done it by now.
I'll live.
If I don't......then what was I fighting for?
I had to live, even if it meant......breaking Kiri.
Taichi: "......I have one question: the one who saw me and Yutaka on the roof......was it you?"
Kiri: "Yes, that's right."
Kiri: "At the time I thought nothing of it."
Kiri: "But......now I know."
Kiri: "Like you did to me in the bathroom, you......drove Yutaka into a corner."
Kiri: "In order to satisfy yourself!"
Taichi: "How would I do that?"
Kiri: "......reproaching Yutaka for his legs......there are many ways."
Kiri: "I don't think I want to ask what exactly you did."
Kiri: "Are you finished?"
Her hand remained shaking.
It was as if she'd lose herself before killing me.
Taichi: "Would one last thing be okay? It might be a bit of a long story though."
Kiri: "......go ahead."
What did she think on the inside?
Kiri had spoken flatly as if to prevent me from feeling the answer.
Taichi: "......may I sit?"
Kiri: "Go ahead."
Taichi: "Will you sit too, Kiri?"
Kiri: "............"
Ignore.
Whatever.
I started talking.
Taichi: "A long time ago, there was a family called the Hasekuras."
Taichi: "They had a big house. A Western style mansion. I think it was at least ten times as big as the Kiriharas'."
Taichi: "They were huge millionaires."
Taichi: "I......my mother died when I was young, and I got picked up by them."
Taichi: "I lived and worked there, for a husband and wife who were distant relatives of my mother."
Taichi: "It was a house of old customs."
Taichi: "The children of servants were also servants."
Taichi: "Since I was a child, my role was something like playing with the children of the house."
Taichi: "Youko-chan was their youngest daughter."
......
............
........................
She was always alone.
She didn't try to interact with anyone, family or servant.
Oh august you---
I called her that inside my mind.
I'd never exchanged words with her.
It'd been bugging me.
I didn't know what sort of people maintained the mansion, or what particulars brought it to this state of being.
But that place was like a paradise separated from the flow of time.
The people who lived here were all outside the norm.
At times, I was beckoned by her, and was treated to sweet drinks.
Clothing accessories, enjoying tea, beckoning people, taking a stroll.
Every month a large number of academic books, clothes and luxury items came to her.
A vast garden.
There were people called gardeners.
Even considering that the land was cheap and remote, it was expansive.
To me, that mansion was none other than a boundless world.
Actually, I have no memories from before the mansion period.
The world and the mansion were the same size.
At some point, it seems the ladies took a liking to me.
About me having a face like a girl.
And because of my white hair, and the mysterious pattern drawn in my eyes one could see from up close, I didn't bore them.
I was made to wear a dress (a particularly gaudy one) like that a girl would wear.
And then the tea parties.
A child couldn't discern the flavor of tea.
But I played along.
Against people as sweet as sugar snacks, there was no choice but to obey.
......and I didn't dislike it.
Like that, I was separated from my business of being a toy who was ridden and had his hair pulled by the young children, and I entered the new business of working as a doll.
She......august you, looked at me with an indifferent gaze.
No, she didn't even look at me.
She seemed uninterested, as her gaze always passed me by.
Hasekura Youko.
The youngest daughter.
There was no sign of her being adored by her family.
In fact, she was being neglected.
She certainly had been living in a different world from the ladies who resided in fantasies.
......in the world called reality.
Once, there was a time when I was chased out by the housecleaning laborers.
That was before I was introduced to being a doll.
I participated in the servants' duties.
Perhaps because it was their policy not to use anyone outside the mansion, they used many borrowed hands.
While inserting tea breaks every hour from ten to three, I cleaned all the rooms in order.
By evening I reached her room.
I heard her voice for the first time.
Youko: 『......here is fine.』
Short and blunt.
Functional.
But, it was enchanting.
I glanced inside her room, but I couldn't really think of it as hers.
A number of personal computers.
All four walls covered up by bookshelves, and so many academic books that many of them were piled up on the floor.
A heavy work bench and used tools.
Miscellaneous knowledge and skills completely buried that large private room, making me associate it with a secret base.
It's true that those with unique heterogeneity live in different worlds.
There was a time when I'd asked about Hasekura Youko while wearing beautiful wardrobe and speaking like a girl at a tea party.
A quiet old lady answered.
That she's the daughter of the youngest son.
A young and cheerful lady answered.
That she was an unwanted daughter.
The three clamorous sisters twittered.
The whole story of the secret love between one of the young husbands and a rather young servant.
The burden of a daughter who didn't know love and grew attached to no one, and her likely tragic conclusion.
Though she has Hasekura blood she isn't one of the Hasekuras. They lamented that stain.
The point being that she was a taboo child.
There was no one who spoke to her, and she never spoke to anyone.
She was a blemish.
It seems that her real father, that 'young husband' person, had left to study abroad.
Her mother, the servant......was dead.
A girl who can't become anyone.
A girl who isn't desired by anyone.
She's hurt.
No, she isn't hurt.
Hasekura Youko was strong.
She didn't take it to heart.
I think she probably had noticed.
The world was a miniature garden.
During my life as a doll, I passed through the library.
I might have been influenced by her.
I had learned about etiquette and tea from the ladies.
However, wisdom and skill and truth were not there.
To make up for that, I went to the library that few used.
I often met Youko-chan there.
As before, no conversation.
Since it had somehow become a habit, I never approached her.
I had thought that she was agreeable, but I didn't wish to become friends with her.
It seems that my aesthetic inclination was established around this time.
How should I say it......I was captivated by things which were independent.
Captivated by things which live independently, and by strength.
Whether it's knowledge or skill, there is that side of things.
People gather.
They long to gather.
And at the same time, they try to preserve a sanctuary.
They desire an unencroached place just for them.
However, contacting people makes the boundary line waver.
Territory lessens and increases.
Displeasure.
Contradiction.
From the general sense of values, a lone hero is preferred to a thousand stately troops.
A sole absolute entity. A hero.
What people wish for.
It's nothing more than a wish in the form of admiration.
Do you want to live alone? Or in the crowd?
But I digress.
In the library, I read the books she read.
Because I admired her.
Or perhaps I was envious of how perfect she was.
The contents of the books were too high-level, so I didn't understand much.
But I continued reading.
Hundreds of, not meetings, but passings by, in the library.
We continued to coexist in that space without one conversation.
That period continued for a few years.
Then,
That which brought breakdown to paradise.
Because this was humanity's first paradise, it was thought of as unavoidable Providence.
Breakdown.
Concretely speaking, it was the radical decline of the Mr. Hasekura who owned the mansion.
It was the beginning of the tragedy.
The graceful Hasekuras all disappeared.
The servants were left behind.
In Hasekura's place entered a newly rich upstart and his relatives by blood and marriage.
They were wild people.
Young and old, men and women, all came together.
Each one held the nature of rotten clam meat.
Within three days, one of the servants was assaulted.
It became an incident.
But this was a miniature garden.
A closed space.
It produced its own order.
Being enclosed in extensive mansion grounds was close to being extraterritorial.
What sort of banquets took place on those days?
There was one room of the mansion that had been used as a hall for evening parties.
The Hasekura people loved small parties, so it was used a lot.
The wild people held different evening parties here.
Without elegant conversation or fine quality cooking.
Instead, they were filled with depravity and decadence.
......I'm sure there were many victims.
For instance, there was a young servant and his wife.
The wife was gang raped.
No,
She was continually gang raped.
Her body was filled with holes through many and varied means, and she was made to obey.
The husband resisted.
He tried to save his wife by contacting the police.
The police didn't come to intervene.
They probably felt it'd be too much trouble.
They probably weren't bribed or anything.
I tried looking up this mansion on the internet.
There were innumerable crimes like this overlooked by the police.
When a private citizen's awareness of their own rights enlarged, it was no longer possible to simply say, 'Hey, stop!' and intervene.
There were an increasing number of people who would scream bloody murder over trivial mistakes.
So it's best not to move.
Although it's negligent,
As an organization of incomplete people, I think this was their limit.
Although sincerity is needed,
To save oneself, there are only one's own capabilities.
......when I thought that, I could control my temper.
As long as they don't cause any real damage, I could control my temper despite other people's bungling and shallow judgment.
It became such that I was entrusting a part of my heart to other people.
But that's normal.
Being normal is,
To leave your person within unjust and incomplete rules as a result of people's limits.
......it wasn't meant to be a gentle cradle.
And in this closed space, normal logic grew hazy.
It's easy for one's daily life to change into wild things.
To stand and face that, one needs a firm ego.
One needs an unwavering system for oneself.
......like hers.
Now then,
The wife was made into a plaything, made pregnant and made to get an abortion.
Many ways by which the men could be pleased were beaten into her body.
She stopped smiling.
She stopped participating in the servants' duties.
She was prohibited from wearing clothing, and she obeyed.
She was engraved with tattoos.
Obscene tattoos.
They pointed to her genitalia, showing that her husband no longer possessed her.
The wild people were competent in that aspect.
Her heart gradually sunk.
Her husband employed his last-ditch method.
He ran away with his wife.
They were brought back in three days.
The husband was killed.
Next to his wife being gang raped.
His corpse was buried in the garden.
The men buried him at the foot of a sakura tree while roaring with laughter.
Well, they were a group with broken logic.
At some point, one of the men brought his family here.
The introduction of new characters.
He was a pedophile. He was equipped with the two settings of fencer and sadist.
Since he was a sadist, I called him S.
I caught S' eye.
I was once again forced into girl's clothes and made to participate in the evening parties.
This time, not for tea, but for S' desires.
S also liked being done by others.
I, who was like a young girl, was made the partner of this man.
The better half of those who did it, did it half as a joke.
Every so often one of them would awaken.
Whatever mean things were done at the evening parties, they made a point of standing out.
Something not unlike elementary school bullying took place there.
Within the group, this sort of thing had a relatively high probability of occurring.
Well, that's what you'd call a demerit.
All things are sure to have merits and demerits.
It surpassed one-sided good and evil.
Eventually, S' sadism escalated.
He brought another child.
S' son.
He'd been a bully in his school......I think.
He looked at me, and for a moment I was pressured by an atmosphere of promiscuity, then he scoffed at me.
Because of abnormal excitement?
As was demanded of him, though in fact of his own volition, he participated.
He soon began to show a talent that could make one's blood run cold.
It must have been partly because of his precociously thorough knowledge.
He soon became mad.
Everyone laughed at me.
Weeks passed as I was laughed at.
I continued receiving their attacks.
Taichi: "That son was Yutaka."
Kiri: "........................"
Kiri wasn't able to react.
Her hand had stopped shaking.
She'd calmed down......no, that wasn't it.
She was looking at me with a shocked expression.
She didn't notice the arrowhead was no longer pointing at me.
Taichi: "You might have figured this out already, but S was also the initial for Shinkawa."
Kiri: "......wh-what are you saying......?"
Half-smiling.
She seems unable to even control her emotions.
Taichi: "Even though he was also a child, he knew those things. I'd thought he could never have a decent life."
Taichi: "I thought he'd end up as a pervert or a drug addict."
Kiri: "That's a lie!!!!"
A shrill voice.
Kiri: "Lies, lies, lies, lies!! Don't lie to me! Are you insane!? Such nonsense......"
Taichi: "It's the truth."
Kiri's hand once again began to shake.
Kiri: "That can't be true! There's no way Yutaka could have done such things!"
Taichi: "That is true, and Yutaka did do such things."
Taichi: "He was the most enthusiastic."
She smiled.
Taichi: "Well, he was a kid, so it must have been painful to rape adult women. That part of a woman would be a big shock to---"
Kiri: "Be quiet!!"
Her voice burst open.
Kiri: "I've never heard about that! I lived with him so long, it's impossible......it's unthinkable---"
Taichi: "Memory loss."
Kiri shut her mouth.
She felt like a detective now.
Taichi: "The mysteries are revealed, Kiri-chin."
Kiri: "......that's......something he had no memory of......"
Taichi: "Also, I know why his legs got hurt."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Because I was there when it happened."
Kiri: "......then......Sempai......you knew that when...?"
Taichi: "What do you mean?"
Taichi: "I hadn't thought Yutaka had lived through that......I'd even forgotten the name Yutaka."
Taichi: "......meeting him was a coincidence."
Taichi: "Since I was made to cross-dress......it looks like he didn't know either."
But Yutaka lived through it.
Taichi: "Well, a lot happened and I was released......and for complicated reasons I came here."
Taichi: "If you think about it it's perfectly natural."
Taichi: "Neither my heart nor Yutaka's should have broken from that."
Taichi: "I wonder if we met by necessity."
Kiri: "......that's......he's not a cruel person......I can't believe that."
Taichi: "I realized who Yutaka was after I became closer to him."
Kiri: "......that's why......you killed him?"
Well, I can't fool her any more.
I wanted to spit it out anyway.
Taichi: "It's not like I immediately wanted to kill him."
Taichi: "It's all in the past after all."
Kiri: "Then......!"
Our conversation started to flow in the reverse direction.
Her swelling of emotions dashed waves against me, drenching me and turning me backwards.
Kiri.
You're the one who came to attack me.
Taichi: "I thought I'd overlook it if he was suffering."
Taichi: "But when he was hanging out with me, he seemed happy."
Kiri: "......!!!"
Kiri: "That day......you asked me......is he happy......?"
Taichi: "Good memory."
Taichi: "That's right. That's what I meant."
Now, once again, I threw the same question at her.
Taichi: "Hey, Kiri......was Yutaka happy?"
An ordinary question.
But,
The meaning was exactly the opposite.
Kiri: "......he's always been in pain!"
Kiri: "His relatives were in danger......and he would lose his temper......"
Taichi: "Always? Are you sure?"
Taichi: "There wasn't even a moment of happiness?"
Kiri: "That's......"
Taichi: "There were, weren't there?"
Kiri didn't answer. She looked downward.
She pointed her weapon downward too.
Her animosity and murderous intent had withered. A dried flower.
Her slender body filled with the toxin known as doubt.
Taichi: "That's right, isn't it? If we could cleanly forget stuff that happened a long time ago, all our hearts would be squeaky clean. We could become as happy as we wanted!"
Taichi: "That's why I made him remember."
Kiri: "......stop it......"
Kiri tried to cover her ears.
Taichi: "Listen!"
I stopped her hands.
Taichi: "It was a sunny day."
Taichi: "Just as you saw, I told him everything on the roof at the time."
Kiri: "......uu......"
Taichi: "Then he said, 'What can do I to be forgiven?'"
Taichi: "There's no forgiving. The sins he committed remain for eternity. He can't even touch them, much less change them. And I didn't feel like reproaching him for them."
Taichi: "......I had just one question."
Taichi: "And I asked him."
Taichi: "'Hey, I have a question for you......why won't you go die already?'"
Taichi: "......that's what I said."
Kiri: "Aaaaa......"
Taichi: "When I did that......he really went and killed himself."
Kiri broke and fell.
She sat down immobile.
A pitiful smile was carved on my face.
Taichi: "In any event, there's only one truth."
Just one last push will break her.
Even though I knew that, I...
Whispered in her ear.
To run her through with the true blade.
Taichi: "Your nii-san was a horrible, filthy rapist."
Kiri: "........................"
*twang*
I knew a thread had been cut inside Kiri.
It definitely won't be tied back together.
Five minutes of silent time flowed by.
Kiri didn't cry.
Tears are letting one's stress flow outside the body.
Kiri can't cry.
......deposits of deep despair...
Settling in the bottom of her heart, precipitating inside her chest.
I waited kindly.
Right next to her.
For a long time.
Kiri: "......why......"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Kiri: "Why......didn't he say something?"
Taichi: "To you?"
Kiri: "......yes."
Taichi: "Because Kiri loved Yutaka dearly."
Taichi: "And that was incredibly pure."
Taichi: "Should I call it pure, or vain...?"
Taichi: "But......it wasn't polished. It rusted."
Taichi: "It was half-finished."
Kiri: "......?"
Kiri can't understand.
It's only natural.
Taichi: "So aggressive, despite being so fragile."
Taichi: "I like that sort of thing."
Taichi: "Do you understand? I like you, Kiri."
Kiri: "......Sempai......likes? No......"
Taichi: "Haven't I only been saying the truth?"
Kiri: "But......that's strange......you bore a grudge against Yutaka......so, why would you...?"
Taichi: "I had no grudge against him."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "More importantly, Kiri, you've always treated me as a murderer, right?"
Her expression blurred.
Kiri: "......that's......there was no other way......"
Kiri: "No one would tell me the truth......I had no choice but to think about it myself..."
Kiri: "Besides......I still can't believe that...Yutaka was......"
Taichi: "It's bad to expect something omnipotent because of a child's view on ethics."
I spoke like a teacher.
Taichi: "It's a real problem when you get kicked and hated because of that."
Kiri: "............"
A long silence.
I knew that Kiri's mental state was performing emergency measures.
Her direction was determined.
Kiri: "......what should......?"
Taichi: "Whaaat?"
Kiri: "What should......I do?"
Taichi: "Do you want to do something?"
Kiri: "But......I, we were unjust, to Sempai......"
We, huh?
She bore Yutaka's responsibility as well.
Taichi: "That's true."
What shall I do?
Kiri: "Would you forgive me if I apologized?"
Taichi: "You don't have to apologize or anything..."
Taichi: "That's right...then..."
Taichi: "......will you listen to anything I say?"
Kiri: "......"
*nod* Her neck swung downward.
I placed a hand on Kiri's head.
Then I rubbed down to the side and stuck a finger in her ear.
Kiri: "Nn......"
After all, there's only one day left in this world.
Let's fall apart to the end.
After all, there's no longer any need to be anyone or anything---
Taichi: "Really?"
Kiri: "......if you'll......forgive me."
Taichi: "Like a genie in some lamp, I'll only say three of my wishes, okay?"
Kiri: "......okay."
Kiri: "If they're......things I can do."
Well, she's losing her nerve.
Taichi: "I might demand you to hand over your used uniforms to satisfy my fetishes, you know?"
Kiri: "......ye......s......as you will."
Uuooo...
Cuuute...
Taichi: "That includes the underwear on your body right now."
Kiri: "......if that's what you want......"
She teared up. But,
Kiri: "......I...understand......"
......birth of a love slave.
To think I'd ever really have such a thing.
Taichi: "Now I really want to live."
But I only have one day left.
Taichi: "......crap."
I have to hurry.
I impatiently aimed for the next step.
Taichi: "Th-then, perhaps I'll demand you to do something perverted?"
Kiri shook.
Kiri: "......how......perverted do you mean?"
Taichi: "Ummm......"
Taichi: "Something fleshy, I guess."
Kiri: "......ha?"
Taichi: "T-taking consideration of the fact that you've despised me!"
I was too aggressive.
Kiri: "You're going to......have sex......with me?"
Taichi: "It-it's undecided."
Of course I was going to have sex with her.
But it's hard to say that.
Taichi: "For now, stand over there."
Kiri: "R-right now?"
There's no time.
As quickly as possible, ero scene, GO!
I made her stand on the teacher's desk.
Taichi: "Then, I'm going to start now."
Kiri: "......!"
Kiri was silent.
Shame made her red to the ears.
She's uneasy about what sort of shameless experiences are to be forced onto her.
I was also uneasy.
Quite a bit of pressure comes with being approved to do whatever one wants with a human.
She was in her weak mode.
Her strong mode earlier only lasts for a limited time!
Taichi: "N-now, Kiri."
My beastly talk was unskilled.
Taichi: "Ummm......then, first is confession time."
Kiri: "Confession?"
Taichi: "I'm going to start asking questions, so you're going to give me answers, okay?"
Kiri: "O-okay."
Taichi: "Ummmmmm......when was your menarche?"
Kiri: "......th-thirteen."
Taichi: "I see."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "......"
The conversation stopped......
I have to say something more overblown to shock and embarrass her.
Taichi: "Menstruation at thirteen!? That's quite premature!"
Kiri: "......eh......is it...?"
Taichi: "This lewd D-cup body is......wait, is, is that right? Thirteen isn't early?"
I was weak.
Kiri: "I don't know......I don't tell people about it much......"
Kiri: "Also......I'm not a D-cup......"
Taichi: "Hmmmmm."
I'll change my question.
Taichi: "When was the first time you devoured a man's thing, nn?"
Kiri: "......pr-probably......soon."
That's true.
Other things which might embarrass a girl...
Taichi: "That's right, masturbation! What about masturbation!? How many times do you do it in a week?"
Kiri: "Masturbation......what's that?"
Taichi: "To even know that taste, this Miss Self Pleasure must......wait, eh? What did you just say?"
Kiri: "Self-pleasure?"
I laughed, 'hohoho.'
Taichi: "Enough with the jokes, Ojou-sama."
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "......well, I mean......fapping."
Kiri: "Fapping?"
Taichi: "You really don't know?"
Kiri: "......no."
So she's this clueless about sexual desires?
Taichi: "Would you understand if I said it was one-person sex?"
Kiri: "Oh......you mean that?"
Taichi: "So what about it?"
Kiri: "I...I have......"
That's good. Keep it up.
Taichi: "Huhuhu, how many times in a week?"
Kiri: "Until now, only twice in my life......"
Taichi: "Six times in a week is quite earnest, giving up your two-day a week vacation for such a thing is so work-like it's as if you'll get a bonus for it, you indecent fr{a}ulein (written with lustful kanji)...... wait, twice in your life!!? Are you serious!?"
yeah.
I screamed.
Kiri: "Y-yes......"
Taichi: "Why so little!? Are you that chaste a girl!?"
Kiri: "......ev-even if you say that......it didn't feel that great, so......"
Taichi: "Revelation!"
Not moe.
No good, we can't get in the mood.
Taichi: "......o-okay. Let's go to the next step."
Kiri: "O-okay."
Taichi: "Stylish laugh time is over. Now for the real thing. Your shame and my lust, both shall be tested to see if they are the real thing."
Kiri: "???"
Hmm. Even I can't understand what I'm saying.
But, here I go!
Taichi: "S-skirt......minus......kick......equals, what?"
Kiri: "......minus? Kick?"
Taichi: "I'm asking you to solve the following problem."
Taichi: "Skirt - Kick = ?"
Kiri: "Uh, uhhh......th-that's a hard one......"
Taichi: "Kiri kicked me when I flipped her skirt, right? So......"
Kiri: "Normally, I'd kick......"
Taichi: "Th-that's normal?"
Kiri: "Do you want to...flip my skirt?"
Taichi: "No, please flip it for me, Kiri."
Kiri: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Show it to me. Now!"
Kiri: "Show it......?"
Taichi: "Hurry up. There's no time!"
Kiri was hesitating, almost pushing down her skirt, but finally hardened her resolve.
With a motion as slow as that of a rising curtain, she held up her skirt.
Taichi: "......oooh, panties......"
All my effort made the pleasure greater.
Kiri: "Is...is that enough?"
Taichi: "What are you saying!? Isn't this just the prologue!?"
Taichi: "There's a long road to the ending waiting for you. There, keep holding it up like that."
Kiri: "Th-this is......strange."
Taichi: "That's nice underwear."
Kiri: "......thank you."
Taichi: "It suits you well. Truly like Kiri, it is a covering in which both cleanliness and youth live. At the base of your two legs like waka-ayu, there's a refreshing composition enclosing seasonings of haunches holding their roundness,
Taichi: "Which cannot fail to impart to people a refreshing feeling, tremendously good."
Kiri: "......please don't write a review......"
Taichi: "Now then,"
Next is,
It's obvious what comes next after a panty flash.
Taichi: "......I'll download your underwear."
Kiri: "Eh!? What do you mean, download?"
Taichi: "I'll pull down your panties."
Kiri: "Eeeh!?"
Taichi: "What's so surprising?"
Kiri: "You'd go that far......"
Taichi: "Yes. I would. I wouldn't mind doing this more slowly, but there's no time after all."
Kiri: "No time......what do you mean by that?"
Taichi: "It's personal. Anyway, I need you to become my love doll today."
Kiri: "L-love doll......"
Taichi: "Leave your hands the way they are."
I placed my fingers on the edges of Kiri's underwear.
Taichi: "Save Image As..."
I slowly but certainly pulled them down.
Almost like wages or interest rates.
Her underwear tilted, then slid down her haunches.
Kiri: "N-noo......don't look......"
Taichi: "Where?"
Kiri: "D-down there......"
I played along.
Her private parts still weren't exposed.
One side of her underwear caught on her hipbone.
The center portion was adhering to her crotch, clinging to it.
It was sucked in without her realizing it, forming a relief of her crotch.
I lowered my fingers by one centimeter.
I pulled the cloth downward.
The sense of being stripped strengthened, and Kiri's whole body tensed up.
Taichi: "......should I just leave it at this..."
Kiri conveyed a sense of relief.
That moment,
I lowered my fingers to her ankles in one motion.
Kiri: "Kyaa!!?"
There it iiis!!!
Taichi: "Huhuhu, so that is the third planet from the sun, Hajioka (Hill of Shame)......"
Kiri: "......th-that's embarrassing......uuu, *sob*......"
She cried?
How fragile.
Taichi: "Kiri...you don't have much hair."
Kiri: "Please don't say such things......"
Taichi: "But it's not all that curly...it's flowing down......beautiful. Almost as if it's been combed."
Kiri: "Uuuuu!"
Taichi: "On top of that, this hill of shame is like a fluffy pancake......I almost want to protect its peace..."
I observed Kiri's private parts from a very, very point-blank range.
Kiri: "......nn......that's!......"
I breathed on them.
Kiri: "Nnku! Your breath, no, no, stop."
Her thighs shook.
I narrowed my mouth, making a needle of my breath and increasing the stimulus on Kiri's slot.
Kiri: "Nnn......that's...strange......weird......weird ......!"
It might have tickled, since her lower body was wavering.
Taichi: "But, this part of Kiri is like a child's, not grown at all."
The level of blushing sharply increased.
Kiri: "Wh-what...do you mean?"
Taichi: "It's closed tightly. It feels like a little girl's. There's not much coming out at all......"
Kiri: "Is that...not normal......?"
Taichi: "It has a fresher form to it. Hmm."
Kiri: "Kyan!"
Uha, too cute. I'm in love‾.
No good, I want her now.
Taichi: "......Kiri, may I take your virginity?"
Kiri: "!"
She held her words for a moment. But then, firmly,
Kiri: "That's what I thought it would come to."
Kiri: "If, showing you embarrassing places......and letting you have sex with me......is enough to be forgiven......"
Taichi: "......I'm not really..."
Going to forgive or not forgive you......
But,
Which is it?
To me, Yutaka is---
I coercively made my question subside.
Taichi: "You can lower it now."
Kiri lowered her skirt.
Taichi: "Raise your legs."
She rose her legs one at a time, taking off her underwear.
I brought that handful of cloth to my nose.
Kiri: "N-no!"
Taichi: "Nnn, a nice fragrance."
Kiri: "Stop, please stop."
Taichi: "......yes, yes."
Taichi: "But I will take this, since I downloaded it."
I saved it to my right pocket.
Taichi: "Besides, aren't we going to do something more embarrassing?"
Kiri: "............uh...umm......here?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Kiri: "I'd like to wash up first......"
Taichi: "Don't."
That's the most delicious part.
Taichi: "Go to the window."
Kiri: "O-okay......"
I made her stand beside the window.
Taichi: "......now, Kiri-chin isn't wearing panties, is she?"
Kiri: "Because you......took them off......"
She looked away.
Taichi: "From now on, Kiri-chin will always be together with me. Okay?"
Kiri: "......okay."
Taichi: "You'll stay at my house starting tonight."
Kiri: "I...understand."
Taichi: "And, you can't wear underwear anymore."
Kiri: "......I can't......then, what do you want me to...?"
Taichi: "Be forever panty-less."
I informed her of the obvious.
Taichi: "Kiri-chin's right to wear panties has been frozen."
Kiri: "Th-that's! What if someone saw!?"
Taichi: "......wouldn't it excite you?"
Kiri: "It wouldn't!"
Taichi: "I'm sure it would."
Kiri: "It won't. Such a thing cannot be."
I held back a laugh.
Her timidness was cute.
Taichi: "Now then,"
My fingers entered her skirt.
I placed my fingers on her crevice.
Taichi: "......yes. Heat is blowing out of that thin gap."
Taichi: "I'm going to push it open."
I pushed my fingers, making them slide in.
Flesh parted.
Kiri: "......nn!!"
Kiri dug in her fingernails.
Her hips rose as if to run away.
But I won't let them.
I continued sinking my fingers into her flesh.
Kiri: "......ah, I'm scared, I'm scared."
She clung onto my shoulders.
Taichi: "It's okay."
Kiri: "Painful, that seems painful......"
Taichi: "I'm telling you it's fine."
Maybe my fingers are overstimulating?
I pulled out.
On the return trip, my fingers grazed her clitoris.
Kiri: "Kyau!"
It's sensitive.
Taichi: "Then, I'll do it more gently."
Kiri: "......eh......eh, what?"
I dove inside Kiri's skirt.
Kiri: "Ah, aaaaah......nooo......"
I stuck out my tongue with plenty of saliva.
Kiri: "Fuaaaaaaah!!?"
I thrust into her flesh.
A deep kiss.
The tip of my tongue was enveloped in a hot space.
Such body heat...
I spread out Kiri's legs and moved my head.
My tongue entered and cut through Kiri's gap.
There was a strong sexual feminine odor.
Kiri: "......uuuuuuuuu!"
She's moaning.
These must be her first vaginal sensations.
The tip of my tongue carefully opened Kiri's folds.
In my mouth, the girl's genitalia changed.
Kiri: "Hiah! Hiaa......ah! Aaah! Nnku!"
A faint voice above my head.
Kiri: "Ah! D-don't suck! Stop suckiiiing."
Taichi: "I thought that, maybe I could bring it all out by sucking."
Kiri: "Y-you can't do...that......"
I can't do what I can't do.
Taichi: "I'm going to open it up then."
I restarted my kissing.
Kiri: "Hu! Kuuu, aau, aaaa......ha, ha, you're...... entering...all the way......nnn!!"
My head was pushed.
It wasn't something that could be stopped.
I licked thoroughly.
Stirring around the way one would make a stew.
I washed her insides.
She must have washed earlier, as there was hardly any smell of menstruation.
Kiri: "Ha! Han! Nnnnn!"
At times, I dove all the way in.
Kiri: "Uuuuuuuuuuuu......!"
Her reactions were innocent.
I tried sucking her urethra.
Kiri: "Kya!!? Kya, no, don't, don't do that!"
She panicked.
Kiri: "I'm cumming, I'm going to cum!......f-forgive me......it's filthy......"
Those words broke off.
I'm a pervert so I won't think it's filthy...
Well......let's leave that for later.
Above her urethra.
I found something bean-shaped.
I sucked.
Kiri: "!!!??"
Did Kiri even know about this deeply-buried part of her?
Kiri: "Ah, ah, ah......?"
I licked.
In circles around the narrow tip.
Kiri: "Kyaa! Kya! Ha! Ha, han! Wh-whaaat!?"
Taichi: "......it's your clitoris."
I tapped it.
Kiri: "Hya!......Ann!! Aaaaaaaaaa!!"
Her hips ran away.
I held her butt with both arms.
I told you I won't let you run.
My attacks accelerated.
Kiri: "......hahya! Nnyaaaaaa!"
Her hips flailed.
However,
Taichi: "Are you sensitive to licking?"
Is that because it's her first time?
Kiri: "Haa, haa......"
It does seem like she's feeling it.
I tried inserting my fingers.
Kiri: "......! Oww......"
That hurts?
I moved away from her body.
I came out of Kiri's skirt, and she was relieved.
Perhaps it's a problem of mood?
Taichi: "......should we move to the health room first?"
Kiri: "I think that would be......good......"
It seems to be impossible unless I do it right.
Taichi: "But before that, I forgot to do this."
Kiri: "Eh......nnnnn!?"
I gave her a real kiss.
Taichi: "?"
The sensation was different.
Something was off.
I thought I'd end it with a light kiss, but,
I tried sticking my tongue in.
Kiri: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnn!!"
She clenched her teeth and swung her head side to side.
I grabbed her lower jaw with one hand.
Taichi: "No. Open."
Kiri: "......d-disgusting......"
Taichi: "What you say hurts me."
Taichi: "Open."
I said as if chewing on her.
Kiri: "......"
The gates opened.
Her tongue came to me.
First, I licked it.
Saliva.
A large amount.
And high viscosity.
Kiri: "Nnfu! Nnn......afu!"
I licked around.
Soft lips and tongue.
Twisting, and pushing.
Kiri: "Fu! Fu! Nnn, nnfu!......Nnn!"
Her eyes turned black and white.
Her first kiss was a deep kiss after all...
I sucked her tongue.
Kiri: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
She reflexively put both her hands on my shoulders.
Her tongue was like a viscous liquid.
Melted jelly covered in thin skin.
It felt as if biting would break it.
I tried sweetly chewing it.
Kiri: "Nnfu! Nno! Nnmumu! Nn, nn! Nnnnnnnnnn!"
Her hips fell.
I quickly put my hands in her crotch to support them.
The opposite of the single-hook fishing form.
A violent move in which one's hands close in from behind, enter the crotch and pull up.
Doing that to a girl is the highest fun.
And it's certain to result in suspension.
Taichi: "Hey, hey now, what happened?"
Kiri: "......fua......afu......ah......"
Huh?
My consciousness gathered on one hand.
......it was drenched.
Taichi: "......?"
Even though it wasn't all that wet until now.
I had a thought, and tried kissing her again.
*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*
Kiri: "Nnnnn! Nn! Hafu! Nnnnnnn! *kiss* Nnn, nn! Ha! Ahaaa......"
Her saliva is really sticky.
Like lotion.
I nibbled her upper lip.
Kiri: "Ah! Fua, hiyaa......"
Teary eyes.
But more importantly,
She's feeling it.
She made a face as if her lust had been roasted.
Kiri: "Hafu, ha, ann......"
As I nibbled her lower lip, I thought,
Is she sensitive to kissing?
My tongue entered her oral cavity.
Then I twisted it, letting saliva flow into her.
Kiri: "Nn!? Nnnnnnnnn!!?"
Taichi: "Drink."
I closed her mouth with my hand.
Kiri shook her head left and right.
It seems she doesn't want to.
Taichi: "No. Drink."
She resigned, and raised her jaw.
Her throat undulated.
Taichi: "And a second shot♪"
Kiri: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!"
I have a lot of bodily fluids.
Taichi: "There, drink."
Swallow.
Taichi: "A third..."
Kiri: "Please...stop......this is...perverted......nnpu! Nn, *kiss*......oouuu......"
That's right.
Kiri: "Nn!......Nnku! *gulp*......"
I released her lips.
Kiri sighed from relief.
Taichi: "Was it delicious?"
Kiri: "......it wasn't...delicious."
Taichi: "I guess it wouldn't be."
Kiri: "Umm......what happened to going to the health room?"
Taichi: "Yeah. I changed my mind. There's something I want you to do instead."
Kiri: "Something you want me to do?"
I exposed my crotch.
Taichi: "Lick it."
Kiri: "........................what?"
Taichi: "Lick it."
Kiri: "Th-that's......really? But that......that is......"
Taichi: "Indeed. A symbol of masculinity called 'teeteem' in the Arab world; also the idol of worship in the phallic faith; it is the accursed organ which shows one's manhood."
That was a lie.
Kiri: "But that...is that...is that part of a man's...that thing is......gubuu!!?"
Is the "that is" repetition supposed to be there?
I forced it in.
Taichi: "It's fine. It can't harm you."
Kiri: "Nnnnnnnnn!!?"
She was trying to spit it out.
Taichi: "......won't you heal it?"
She stopped moving.
Taichi: "I'm a horrible guy, so I do horrible things. There you go."
Taichi: "But......I'm doing this because I don't want you to feel hurt."
This was true.
Taichi: "......hey, please."
Kiri: "......uuuuu."
Had she resigned to it?
Kiri stopped moving.
Taichi: "Ummm, don't use your teeth. Also......"
I lectured her on the fundamentals.
Taichi: "So, could you try doing it?"
Kiri: "Nnn......nn! Nnmu......nnnnn."
Kiri started a slow rhythm.
Her head slid back and forth.
Since she knew nothing about male biology, her movements were slower than they needed to be.
But, what feels good feels good.
Kiri: "Nn, nnmu, *kiss!*......nnmu......afu, *kiss* *ki-......nn! Hafu! Nnnnnnn."
Her tongue twisted around me.
It wrapped around my rod, making me feel her heavy saliva.
It really was lotion.
Nice and slippery.
Kiri: "Nnmu, nnn......nnfu! Fua, fu, nnnnn............ *kiss* *kiss*......*lick* *lick*......"
She sucked me.
Just as I told her.
Unskilled, but honest.
Sakura Kiri.
Even though I practically robbed you of family.
Even though Kiri shouldn't have had anything to do with the relationship between Yutaka and I.
She's bearing with a lot to plead for my forgiveness.
......I'm sorry.
A lion on the hunt might just want to make friends with a rabbit.
He might just regret eating it later.
But if you move in front of my eyes, I have no choice but to attack.
Because that's instinct.
Kiri: "*kiss* *lick!*......nn, nn! Nn! Nn!......"
Taichi: "Yes, keep doing that rhythmically until your jaw gets tired......"
Kiri: "......nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn......puha! Nnnnn, nn! Nn! Nn!......Nnnnn..."
At times, while she twisted her neck,
Kiri: "Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn!"
Her slimy mouth oscillated.
Taichi: "......that feels good, Kiri."
Sliding membranes.
I want this to keep going forever.
She pulled out.
Her thick saliva formed a thread.
I pushed into her cheek.
Kiri: "......haa, ha, haa......"
No resistance.
She silently accepted her cheek's shape change.
Taichi: "Are you tired?"
Kiri: "......no."
Taichi: "Then say, 'ahhh.'"
She opened her mouth obediently.
I inserted my penis.
Six-sevenths was her limit. More than that would become a burden.
Taichi: "While sucking, move like you did before."
I rubbed her head.
Kiri moved.
Kiri: "Aauuuu......"
Sliding back and forth.
The breath of her nose matched that pace and caressed the top of my rod.
Stimulation and pleasure swelled up.
The fact that I was being done by Kiri was huge.
By this Kiri...
I started wanting to make Kiri drink it.
Taichi: "......I might cum once. Is that okay?"
Taichi: "May I cum inside Kiri's mouth?"
Kiri: "......uuu."
Kiri nodded painfully with it still in her mouth.
Maybe she doesn't understand what I mean by cumming.
Taichi: "Then, I'll cum."
My hips shook slightly.
My tip rubbed against the inside of her mouth.
Perhaps because of her saliva's viscosity,
It was as if a five millimeter-thick layer of tree sap had been applied to her membranes.
Kiri: "Nn, nnn......nnnnn! Nnmu! *lick!* Nnku! fua......nooo."
She's painting the tip of my rod with lipstick.
Kiri: "Ah, that's, ooh......"
I pushed in.
Kiri: "Nnbuu......"
Taichi: "Hey, suck."
Kiri: "Fua......nn! Nnn, hamu......*kiss* *lick!*...... *kiss*"
She'd come quite a ways.
I moved slowly so that it'd be easier to suck.
The inside of her mouth absorbed well.
And then, ejaculation.
Kiri: "Nnbu!......Nn, nnku......nnnnn!......nnku! *gulp* ......*gulp*......"
She's drinking.
Though I had been thinking of making her drink it.
My semen was of the same viscosity as Kiri's saliva.
She might not have had much resistance to it.
Kiri: "......nnkuku, *gulp*......"
She finished drinking it all.
Taichi: "......you drank it."
Kiri: "Yesh......"
She answered with it still in her mouth.
Taichi: "That's good."
I rubbed her head.
Kiri closed her eyes without showing emotion.
Kiri's mouth was......a sexual organ.
But I won't say that.
I pulled out.
It was quite drenched.
Taichi: "Maybe this will be enough."
I made her place her hands on the window.
Kiri: "In th-this position......?"
Taichi: "Yes."
I pushed that small part of her.
Kiri: "No......I'm......scared."
Taichi: "Yes."
I thought she would be.
I tried touching it lightly.
The preparations had been made.
It opened slightly, and softened with a heat.
......dripping.
Kiri: "Softly......do it...softly......please......"
She strenuously entreated me.
But whatever you say,
Taichi: "Yes."
Is all I can answer.
I went in.
Kiri: "Ah!......Ah, aaa......"
With a fixed speed.
Kiri: "HIA!!"
I pierced through.
To the other side.
Kiri: "......ah......it's in......it's......in......"
Kiri's saliva and vaginal fluid were resisting passage.
She gave no sign of it hurting that much.
Taichi: "That's good that it doesn't hurt."
Kiri: "Haa, ha, haa......"
Even so, Kiri was exhausted from the shock.
I started moving back and forth at a low speed.
I felt thick slime.
The lack of air inside her vagina gave me the feeling of being sucked in.
Kiri: "Hiu!......Ha, ha! Ah......ah! Ah!......Oo!"
I traced out all four directions with a softening sensation.
Kiri: "Aau! HII! Uuu......aau!!"
I tried touching her core.
Shallow.
I can't completely contain it.
But I made all of Kiri obedient.
Taichi: "......have you gotten a bit used to it?"
Kiri: "I don't...know......ha!......Haa."
Taichi: "I'll knead it a bit more."
Kiri: "Eh? ......AUU......oh......haan!!"
Kiri's narrow, hot hole.
I became frantic as I touched it.
Several times I combined with that organ, despite it being no more than a biological unevenness.
Just as a young child does with blocks.
Kiri: "Nna......ah, aaa......haan! Aaa......nnha, aaa ......nn! Aa......uu! Nn!"
Kiri: "Ha! Haa, nn!......Haan!......Nn......aau, ah! Aah! Ah!......Nn! Nn! Nn! Aaa!!"
Her voice became accordingly wet.
Perhaps she didn't notice that it became husky.
She was rapidly getting used to being penetrated.
She'd even gotten control of the rhythm that had been chasing the air out of her lungs.
I wanted to break that Kiri, and pierced her deeply.
Kiri: "Kyau!!"
Her throat bent.
I reached her core. But I pushed in even farther.
Kiri: "......ahaa!"
Our hips adhered.
Kiri: "Th-that's too rough......please don't do it so......"
While driven in deep, I wiggled left and right as if writing something.
Kiri: "Ah, fua......aan!......ah, stop, yan!......no, noo, yan!"
Kiri became an infant.
Kiri: "S-stop this! Th-that's too deep! Nnn! Ah!"
Taichi: "Kiri."
I licked her ear from behind, urging her.
Small lips turned toward me.
I desired her, and linked.
Kiri: "Nn......nnmu!......*lick!* *lick* Haan! Nnmu!"
A fleshy tongue.
It was like jelly as it guided me inside her mouth and played with me.
Kiri: "Nnfu! Nnnnnnn!"
Kiri moaned through her nose.
My brain was scorched, producing heat in my lower abdomen.
Kiri: "Ah! Ah! Aaah! Nn! Aan! Aauuuu!"
Kiri: "F-fast......Sempai, too fast!......Aaa!!"
Riding on the window frame, Kiri gave off an obscene scream.
I penetrated her with enough force to throw her down.
Her upper body was exposed outside.
Kiri clung to the columns of the window frame, and produced yet another different lovely voice.
Kiri: "I-I'm falling! I'm going to......kya! Sempai, I'm fall-......aaaaaaaaaa!!?"
It was as if her vagina exploded.
Taichi: "Uwa, you tightened."
Her insides were contracting.
Terror had made her whole body shrink.
I became intoxicated and poked her again.
Kiri: "Ah! Kya, kya, I'm scared!......I'm...scared...... stoooop!!"
Taichi: "If you hold on right you won't fall."
Kiri: "Hold......on?"
With a disgusted face.
Taichi: "Right here."
I drew a figure eight.
Kiri: "Kuuuu! *sob!* Kya!!!"
Taichi: "Come on, tighten up your butt."
Kiri: "Ha, hau, hau!"
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
I stopped moving, and tasted her bare skin permeating through gaps in her opened uniform.
Kiri: "......haaa......*sob!* !! Nn......"
Is she relieved?
Her vagina gradually loosened.
That's why I pushed her again with both of my hips.
Kiri: "Kyaaaa!!"
Kiri clung to the columns.
And to their insides.
A sense of pressure that seemed to be pushing through her.
This tight feeling is unique, and comfortable.
Kiri: "Hafua, I'm falling, I'm going to fall......nnku!!"
Taichi: "Then you'll have to hold on harder."
Kiri: "That's...impossible......my strength...is leaving......kyau!!"
Her expression was already wavering, and I couldn't determine whether it was pleasurable or despondent.
The slackening paralyzed my whole body.
I couldn't help it.
I stuck my fingers in Kiri's mouth.
Kiri: "Afua, aau, *lick!* *lick!* Nnfu!"
My fingers were covered in viscous fluid.
Enough to form a thread.
I touched those slimed fingertips to one of Kiri's other narrow holes.
Kiri: "Hya......wh-what are you?"
I rotated and pushed in, and was able to penetrate.
Kiri: "Fu! Ku!!?"
It had a dramatic effect.
Taichi: "......uwa, amazing."
Her narrow vagina became even narrower.
Taichi: "See? If I pull you from two places like this you won't fall."
Kiri: "......nooo......no, that's, that's my!! Aaaa!!"
Small haunches.
They took my fingers in down to the base.
Kiri: "Haaaa......nooo......take them out, take......"
I moved.
Once again, Kiri pushed me out.
Kiri: "Ugu!......Uu! Aau! Aaaaaaa! Han! That's worse than before! Hafu!!"
That's Kiri's own fault for tightening up.
Kiri: "Ah! Aaa. Aaaa!! Aaaan, haaaan......han, fuan! Ah! Fo-forgive, me......hyaa!"
I stopped.
Kiri: "Haaa! Haaa! Haaaa......"
I rhythmically rubbed her vaginal opening.
I whispered while licking up the sweat on the nape of her neck.
Taichi: "......Kiri's contractions are easy to read."
Kiri: "Nooo......I know nothing...about that......nn!......"
Saliva dribbled out of her lips.
Taichi: "......"
I pulled her closer, and sucked her mouth.
In Kiri's place, I took up the built-up saliva.
Kiri: "Aamu! Nn, nnn, *kiss* *kiss!*......Nnnnnnnnn...... nn!......euu......"
I made her clean down to her chin.
Kiri: "Aan......Sempai......"
She closed her eyes and accepted it.
She's fully my Kiri now.
Taichi: "The inside of your butt is also hot."
I bent my fingers.
Kiri: "Kya!! D-don't say such things, wh......hi!!?"
Taichi: "I'm about......to cum, Kiri."
I moved slowly.
Kiri: "Haaa! Ha! Han! Aaan! Cum......?"
Taichi: "What about you, Kiri? Are you going to cum?"
Kiri: "I don't...know!......I don't know...anything about that, aaa!!"
Taichi: "I'll cum inside you."
I pierced in while twisting.
Kiri: "Aaun! Oh! Oh!......nooo, inside......I'll get pregnant......"
Taichi: "......then bear my child."
Kiri: "......eh......your child......?"
Unease passed over her face as it melted from satisfaction.
Taichi: "Let's become Adam and Eve."
Her vagina squeezed.
Kiri: "......you mean......Sempai......and I would......?"
Taichi: "............"
What am I saying?
In this world,
Beneath this sky,
What sort of hope?
I madly moved my hips.
Kiri: "Aau!! Kuha! Nn!......Ah!! Ah! Nn! Ha! Han! Kya! That's too...hiiiiiiiiii!!!"
Taichi: "......nn."
I released inside her vagina as I climaxed.
Kiri: "Kyau! Ha, hia......aaa!! Aaah!!!"
I held her small body from behind.
I held strongly.
Kiri: "Ha, hya......aau......ah!......a......"
Kiri's breathing resembled hiccups.
......
............
........................
She obediently followed my directions, and accepted everything I did to her until I was satisfied.
And then...
The two of us sat down on the floor.
Kiri: "Hi......uu! Uu, uuuuuuuu......"
She cried.
Taichi: "......Kiri?"
The face that turned around had huge teardrops.
Kiri: "Yutaka......had no choice but to die......right?"
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "......because of everything he did......he had no choice......but to die......"
Taichi: "I..."
About Yutaka---
Kiri: "Sempai."
Kiri desired a kiss.
Her tongue offered to overlap mine.
Learning from the actions I'd just taken, she sweetly bit my whole lip.
Let's play, let's love.
......let's give up.
Like this,
Kiri became mine.
Hope you enjoyed my lessons on sex. I need a pupil and if you want, you just might qualify for the position. ;)Spin
Taichi: "Hellooo."
Miki: "......oh, heya."
I returned to the roof.
Miki: "Ah, you brought Kiri-chin with you."
Taichi: "I most certainly did."
Misato: "Somehow......you seem brighter......"
Taichi: "I am bright."
Miki: "......what happened, Kiri-chin?"
Kiri: "Eh? Oh, no, it's nothing......"
Miki: "Your menstruation ended, right?"
Kiri: "I-it ended, but......"
She shuffled her legs together.
Misato: "......your complexion doesn't look good. Are you okay?"
Kiri: "I'm okay. Just a little tired......since it's summer."
Taichi: "We can't have that. You'll have to drink my special white juice to combat the heat."
I took out a water bottle.
Misato: "Thank you very much, Peke-kun."
She took the water bottle.
At first glance this special white juice is a mere lactose product, but it contains an ingredient with a wonderful hidden flavor.
Miki: "White juice?"
Misato: "Wh-what's that?"
It looks to me like Misato distracted Taichi in order to spill the drink. And the conversation flows a lot better.
Taichi: "Eh!?"
I looked up at the sky.
What was that? A UFO? Adamski?
another very easy wiki, so I won't bother tlning
Misato: ............*gulp* *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*
Taichi: "There's nothing there."
Misato: "Fuuu, thank you for the drink!"
The water bottle was returned empty.
Taichi: "......you drank it already?"
Misato: "Yes, by splitting it between the three of us."
Miki: "......eh? When was that?"
Taichi: "Hahahaha."
Misato: "Huhuhuhu."
Taichi: "Ahahahahahaha."
Misato: "Huhuhuhuhuhuhu."
That's good, that's good.
Miki: "Umm......it looked to me like you just poured it out......"
Mimi-sempai embraced Miki.
Miki: "Mugugugugu!!"
Guarding the beautiful breasts.
Taichi: "......poured out?"
Misato: "Now then, please look at this! Most of the preparations are complete!"
I was taken aside.
Taichi: "Ha, haa?"
Miki: "Kiri-chin, you know..."
Kiri: "Yes? What is it?"
Miki: "......it's nothing."
Kiri: "?"
A conversation behind me.
It bugged me a little, but my consciousness immediately faced the tent.
Taichi: "Ah, Rabaa."
Sakuraba: "Rabaa. In other words, a lover."
Sakuraba was under the tent.
Taichi: "Where's Tomoki?"
Sakuraba: "The siscon got aggravated and returned home."
Taichi: "......is that so?"
Sakuraba: "He did get the wiring together though. That guy's a worker."
Taichi: "Yep."
Well, if they've gotten this far then there's no need to worry.
Misato: "Shall we take a break? My throat's parched."
Sempai took out some canned tea from the mini-refrigerator.
Taichi: "......eh? You said your throat was parched?"
Misato: "See, the leftover batteries revive the conveniences of modern life."
It was a smaller fridge than the one in the club room.
Taichi: "Whoa..."
Must've been Tomoki.
Misato: "We haven't had cold drinks in a long time!"
Misato: "And here's yours."
Taichi: "That's great and all......but Sempai, about my white juice......"
Misato: "Cheeeeers!"
Taichi: "Ha, haa, cheers......indeed."
Maybe I hadn't brought enough white juice.
Even though it was a special drink with lemon juice mixed into a lactose beverage......
Well, whatever.
We took a breather underneath the tent with shade and tea.
Taichi: "Fuiii, this really brings you back to life, Kiri-chin."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "Right after you lost most of your moisture content."
Kiri: *cough* *cough!*
Kiri: "Sempai!!!"
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Miki: "Were Sempai and Kiri peeing?"
Taichi: "Both of us standing. We wanted to know whose would fly the farthest."
Kiri: "No we weren't!! We couldn't!!"
Miki: "Y-you did such a fun thing without telling me......"
Kiri: "Miki......that isn't fun at all......"
Miki: "Aaare youuu suuure?"
In recent years, Miki has been losing her modesty at a speed on par with deforestation, but she's fundamentally innocent.
......huh?
Taichi: "By the way Kiri-chin, if you move around that much we can all see it."
Kiri: "........................"
She pushed down on the edge of her skirt and became quiet.
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Sakuraba: "By the way Taichi, about tomorrow's broadcast......President-sempai told me to, so I tried writing a manuscript."
Taichi: "Hooo, you of all people did such a thing?"
Sakuraba: "Please take a look. I want to hear your opinion."
Taichi: "......"
I couldn't read it.
Taichi: "......what language is this?"
Sakuraba: "On the off chance it got intercepted, I've given it multiple encryption so that it cannot be understood."
I hit him.
Taichi: "That's pointless!"
Misato: "......aaaaah, the time Sakuraba-kun spent is completely wasted......"
Taichi: "Why would you make an SOS incomprehensible!?"
Right then,
Taichi: "Huh?"
A wind chime rang.
Taichi: "Isn't that a wind chime?"
Sakuraba: "......I put it up."
Sakuraba: "Since it seems everyone's going to be mating here from now on, I thought it was a good idea."
Taichi: "............uu."
Once in a while he does clever things.
Humanity disappeared.
We don't know if there's any hope left.
And yet, he's truly......a carefree guy.
Taichi: "And mate we shall."
Sakuraba: "Indeed."
Misato: "......please do."
Taichi: "Forever and ever."
Sempai lowered her eyes happily.
Miki: "Even so, Kiri-chin isn't that lively."
Kiri: "R-really? That's not true at all."
Taichi: "......"
Maybe she really is forcing herself.
Did truth and actions overburden Kiri?
But,
The world has only one day left.
I have no possibilities or means to heal Kiri.
That's why,
That's why---
My house.
Today, in this consistently lonely space, there is a flower.
Taichi: "Now, come in."
Kiri: "O-okay then......"
those of you familiar with ritual phrases may like to know that this was "ojamashimasu"
Kiri: "Uwaa."
My room was in love with chaos.
Most visitors were surprised by it.
Taichi: "Be seated."
Kiri: "......sit where?"
Taichi: "Okay."
I somersaulted.
Kiri: "......okay...?"
Taichi: "Make some space wherever you want to sit."
Kiri: "........................"
Self-responsibility.
In the space I'd made by somersaulting, Kiri sat down in an awkward seiza.
Kiri: "......boys..."
Taichi: "Wait here a minute."
I went downstairs and brought up a tomato.
Taichi: "Here, vitamins."
Kiri: "......thank you."
She took a bite from the tomato.
Taichi: "You can relax. We'll be living here forever."
Kiri: "......nn."
Her movements stopped.
Kiri: "For......ever?"
Taichi: "You don't want to?"
Kiri: "......I don't know."
Kiri: "Sempai is already my first, so......"
Uwaa.
Kiri: "Besides, I feel this is atonement."
Kiri: "For both Yutaka and I."
Yutaka, huh?
Kiri will probably always continue to be that person.
Yutaka. Yutaka. Yutaka.
Yutaka.
Taichi: "......shall I make you eat that tomato?"
Kiri: "Eh?"
I took Kiri's tomato and bit into it.
I chewed it several times, then kissed her.
Kiri: "Nn!!?"
I flowed it in along with saliva.
Kiri: "......nn, fua......nnku! Nn, nnnnnnn."
She resisted only at first.
Taichi: "Delicious?"
Kiri: "......yes."
Taichi: "Then eat more."
I repeated this several times.
When I finished, Kiri's cheeks were flushed.
Taichi: "Kiri is only my Kiri."
Kiri: "......that's true."
Taichi: "But, you seem sad."
When I said that, Kiri ignored it and smiled.
......I could only see that as being forced.
I embraced her, and softly pushed her down.
Kiri: "Ah......"
The fruit we'd started eating fell to the floor.
The hokora is unsettling late at night.
I put my diary in it.
The sixth notebook.
Taichi: "Is that so?"
I suddenly thought.
The notebooks used as diaries were kept safe here.
After tomorrow, the world will be rolled back again.
That's why notebooks will disappear.
It's reasonable to think that I tried to write a diary entry on Monday and just never found it again.
It seems the contents of the hokora really are divided up by rules different from those of the rollback.
Taichi: "I get it......"
I left the diary here.
I saved its data.
From the moment I wrote the last diary entry, my......the life for only this me had begun.
There's no doing over.
For just one day, a life that may or may not be.
I felt like living and disappearing however I wanted.
And then, Sunday.
Clear weather.
An unknown domain not in the diaries.
I don't know how the world will end today.
One week......it was short.
It turned into days solely for capturing Kiri.
Even so,
Being able to reestablish the club was a great fortune.
If the following me looks at the notebooks, they should become hints for how to reestablish it again.
I wished to have this happy time over and over somehow.
Within this miniature garden that cannot be saved.
Taichi: "No one's here yet."
I looked around.
The wide roof had a folding tent and various equipment.
The antenna stood lightheartedly.
A blue sky without a single EM wave flying across.
Kiri: "......it's blue."
Kiri looked up at the sky.
Taichi: "Not a single cloud."
Kiri: "Yes."
But something about Kiri's facial features still made me think of cloudy weather.
The two of us clung to the fence.
We lined up with no conversation.
At long last,
Misato: "Good morning."
Everyone came.
Tomoki: "......okay."
Mimi-sempai definitely didn't talk to him, but Tomoki came.
Taichi: "Thanks......when shall we start?"
Misato: "Ummm, it hasn't been decided, so right now is fine."
Sakuraba: "DJ."
Taichi: "Yeah, a DJ......someone who could..."
No one raised their hand.
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai?"
Misato: "Eh!? Me? I can't, no, no, impossible, I'll bite my tongue!"
Taichi: "Miki?"
Miki: "......hoyo?"
She was in the midst of tearing off a piece of beef jerky.
Not beautiful.
......she's out.
Taichi: "Tomoki."
Tomoki: "Fine by me, but how much do I get?"
Taichi: "............"
This isn't a matter of money.
Taichi: "Sakuraba......"
Sakuraba: "Do you think I have ever been able to speak logically and consistently?"
lol
Taichi: "......you understand this awfully well."
Taichi: "Then......Kiri?"
Kiri: "......eh!?"
Her complexion changed.
She was sweating in an instant.
Taichi: "DJ."
Kiri: "Ah! I can't! Impossible, I can't talk in front of people!"
Taichi: "Whaaat? They're all destroyed anyway, so it's fine."
Tomoki: "What happened to our hope!?"
Taichi: "Gefu!"
I was chopped.
Kiri: "That's bad! I can't, impossible, I......I'll say something strange!"
She was seized with fear and rolled up.
Taichi: "I'd like to see a strange Kiri-chin."
I pulled her hand.
Kiri: "You caaaan't!!"
I pulled her hip.
Taichi: "......I can see your panties."
Kiri: "!!?"
She hurriedly pushed down her skirt.
Kiri broke her posture.
I pulled her harder.
Taichi: "Congratulations on your debut as a DJ."
Kiri: "Save meeee!!"
You can't do it?
I released her.
Kiri quickly hid behind Miki.
Damn your small animal mentality.
Taichi: "I get it......I guess I'll do it."
There was no one but me.
Tomoki: "You can start whenever."
What should I talk about?
I can't think of anything.
A meaningless SOS.
But no one is thinking that.
My own body...moved on its own...with others' sensations.
I sat down in the chair and gripped the mike.
I was automatic.
I think I was always something like automatic.
Surroundings and contacts created the form of the current me.
Taichi: "Ummm......are there any living people listening to this broadcast?"
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Taichi: "Is anyone alive out there?"
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club. There are eight of us alive."
Taichi: "Eight of us are alive."
Aren't people precious?
Aren't family and friends precious?
As long as I'm a person,
Taichi: "......everyone is in excellent health."
If I'm fine not being a person, I could live in solitude.
But I'm better off as a human.
I wanted to become a monster, not of instincts, but of rationality.
Even though I should have been able to become a more perfectly harmless being that way.
There wasn't enough.
Of contact. Of touching one another.
Taichi: "Ummm......"
Our families...
......are gone.
Friendships with people as shallow as air in the paradise of the miniature garden.
......I'm forgetting even their faces.
Meeting Youko-chan.
......she doesn't see me as a stranger.
The Shinkawas.
......I was taught that humans are enemies.
During my childhood, my most sentimental time, I was unable to touch people.
Taichi: "A long time ago, I committed a sin."
The wind chime rang.
Six gazes gathered.
Taichi: "I made a friend of mine die."
Sakuraba: "......Taichi?"
Taichi: "I didn't directly lay hands on him, but......I effectively made him die."
Taichi: "That friend was one of many humans who'd hurt me an even longer time ago."
Taichi: "He lost his memory, and appeared once again before me."
Taichi: "He behaved as if his sin had disappeared along with his memory."
Taichi: "At first I didn't notice either. After all, it had occurred years earlier."
The atmosphere changed.
The doubt and unease of six humans swirled.
It will probably calm down soon.
Though it might turn into a harsh atmosphere.
Taichi: "But at some point, I began to notice."
Taichi: "Actually, the wound I received from him shouldn't have even been that big of a deal to me."
Taichi: "Unworthy Kurosu Taichi, aiming to be a young adult who has tasted both the sweets and sours of life."
Taichi: "But,"
Kiri moved.
She touched her hand to her mouth.
Taichi: "But I...I became unable to see him as a friend."
Kiri: "......uu......"
Miki: "Kiri......?"
Taichi: "I ended up seeing him like a 'thing.'"
Taichi: "I think it was different from an emotional argument like, 'I can't forgive him.'"
Taichi: "Inside me, it's certain that his value changed."
Taichi: "No......it didn't just change......he became worthless."
Taichi: "I lost interest in him."
Taichi: "When he regained his memory, he said, 'please forgive me.'"
Taichi: "Just maybe......if he hadn't asked that of me, the result might have been different."
Kiri: "......!"
Taichi: "After all, no matter what one does, one cannot falsify the past."
Taichi: "I think one can only accept the person's sin, or see them as an enemy."
Taichi: "......his actual sin......wasn't really that big of a deal."
Taichi: "I should have just poured out the usual jokes and stayed with him as a friend."
Kiri: "......Sem...pai......"
Tears.
Tears?
That's yet another thing I don't have.
Taichi: "Why wasn't I able to say, 'Don't mention it,' back then?......I think about it a lot."
Taichi: "......that's because I...am twisted."
Taichi: "Because I have a twisted heart."
Taichi: "I don't have enough rationality."
Taichi: "But in order to foster rationality, another person is needed."
Taichi: "I don't think it's something that can be raised without quarreling."
Taichi: "But the friend I had for quarreling with...I hurt him, until he was gone."
Taichi: "......that was......my dilemma."
Tomoki: "......"
Sakuraba: "......"
Taichi: "Even if memories go away, what happened in the past won't disappear."
Taichi: "But even though I got hurt, and even though I was hurt by others,"
Taichi: "......we should have remained as two people who could face each other."
Kiri: "Uu!......ku......"
Sobbing.
Misato: "......Sakura-san."
Everyone here's aware, right?
About what happened between Yutaka and I?
No one spoke up.
No one stopped me.
Taichi: "......I became afraid."
Taichi: "But I couldn't commit suicide. I couldn't end it myself."
Taichi: "There were times I thought that all people should just go away."
Taichi: "When I hurt others, that's what I thought."
Taichi: "Since people have left the world......it's been a week."
Taichi: "There were times I wondered whether it was my fault somehow."
Misato: "......"
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "I'm no good, after all."
Taichi: "It's not that I don't hold something that could be called thanks for all the friends who've hung out with me despite that."
Sakuraba: "Do you or don't you?"
A rare counter by Sakuraba.
Tomoki: "Double negative."
A mechanical counter by Tomoki.
Taichi: "......I'm fine doing things for myself."
Taichi: "I don't mind caring about people for my own sake."
Taichi: "So that tomorrow......I can become just a little bit better."
Taichi: "I still have friends."
Taichi: "To build up a relationship is also to cover the heart in wounds."
Taichi: "It's a painful thing, not beautiful at all."
Taichi: "I thought that people needed other people."
Taichi: "That is why...I believe there are still people somewhere listening to this broadcast."
Taichi: "Our address is---"
I explained the process for contacting us wirelessly.
This should do it.
I wonder, did I speak until I was empty?
......well, that's what this is.
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club. There are eight of us alive."
Taichi: "See you next week."
I finished.
I took a deep breath.
Applause.
First Mimi-sempai. Then all the others followed.
Taichi: "......"
I didn't feel like making a joke.
I was enveloped in embarrassment.
I scratched my cheek in order to endure that sweet torture.
Misato: "There, you did great."
Taichi: "......haa."
Sakuraba: "Is there a next week?"
Taichi: "Yeah, well......it seemed appropriate."
Tomoki: "Do the small things really matter?"
Sakuraba: "......indeed."
Miki: "That was so cool!"
She was clicking a disposable camera.
Taichi: "......stop that!"
Miki: "You're embarrassed, you're embarrassed."
Taichi: "Shuuut iiit!"
And then,
Kiri: "......Sempai."
Kiri stood up.
What's she going to say?
I waited with tension.
Kiri: "Y-"
Y.
Kiri: "You......did a great job."
She lowered her head.
Taichi: "............"
Deep emotion boiled up.
I can't put it into words.
Incomprehensible, yet reassuring. That sort of sensation.
I had a feeling that the water level rose in my heart.
A very small amount.
Taichi: "......thank you."
The sky whitened for a moment.
Taichi: "......!"
Aaah, this timing---
I quickly became afraid.
But I mustn't become confused.
I embraced Kiri.
I fell to my knees and buried my face in her stomach.
Kiri: "Kya! Wh-what's wrong!?"
Miki: "Owa, such boldness......"
Misato: "Im-impure sexual suspension......"
Sakuraba: "Those are novel words, President-sempai."
Tomoki: "......Taichi really is perverted."
Taichi: "Aren't I depressed!? Please, comfort me!"
I'm frightened.
I'm frightened of disappearing.
Saturday night was the last save point.
The joy and confession and very small emotional growth I had today will all be in vain.
I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared.
Kiri: "......Sempai......you're crying?"
A ringing in my ears.
At the edges of my pupils, buried in her chest, the world was whitening.
Whitening---
Taichi: "......dammit."
That was my dying word.
I gathered together the faces of the Broadcasting Club, all on the verge of breakdown, and managed to bring them to a group campout.
The labor was terrible.
At this present time, the formal members of the Broadcasting Club are:
Hasekura Youko
Miyasumi Misato
Kurosu Taichi
Sakuraba Hiroshi
Shima Tomoki
Kirihara Touko
Yamanobe Miki
Sakura Kiri
Those eight people.
Those eight people......before the campout, their relationships had all been broken off.
Firstly, Youko-chan's not interested in other people and doesn't participate in club activities.
Sakuraba always had wanderlust, so it's impossible for him to come to periodic club activities.
Shima had some quarrel with Mimi-sempai and started a cold war.
Touko's in a cold war with me.
Miki used to be sociable, but she became separated from the club by hanging out with Kiri,
Since Kiri hates me.
And I was kind of skipping anyway.
It seems Mimi-sempai had to deal with a lot of things by herself.
I roused myself and gathered everyone.
With some coercive means.
I used tricks similar to those from last year's sea bath.
If I pull them out at least once, I win.
I dared to put together the annual summer campout.
......it was a huge failure.
We had kept it secret from the teachers, but...
Tomoki: 『......isn't that Aneki's fault!?』
Kiri: 『This is unpleasant.』
Miki: 『......can't we stop fighting...?』
Taichi: 『W-wait, it's not that I was deceiving or you were being deceived!』
Touko: 『You did deceive me!』
Misato: 『That's why......I didn't want to......do this with everyone.』
Trouble arose.
Nothing was accomplished.
Human relationships remained as they were.
They were merely carved out more clearly.
The campout ended in sorrow and pain.
We spent a few days without even speaking.
If two of us met alone, we could still converse.
But multiple estranged relationships just piled on top of one another, creating the worst possible atmosphere.
This time, I'd asked Mimi-sempai for help.
As a result, I lost even Sempai's trust.
What did Sempai think of me?
The seven went home.
I didn't want to see,
The emaciated, wearied eyes avoiding one another, not interacting.
Everyone's faces were like strangers to each other.
That's why I took the lead.
I walked quickly.
On the way, the sun began to sink.
I had the feeling we'd been walking for a horribly long time.
For several hours.
Normally, this path didn't even take one hour.
Was it because of fatigue?
No one said anything.
A world of only seven sets of footsteps.
An abnormally quiet mountain path.
Even the sounds of insects didn't reach our ears.
Even the air felt cold.
Even though it was summer.
At that moment,
It was as if the world had blurred.
It felt as if I'd seen the same scenery from a different angle.
I stood still.
Should I keep going? Or not?
But I continued.
Misato: "Peke-kuuun......"
Sempai's voice began to chase me from behind.
But I continued.
I was running away, facing forward.
If I'd taken 『another look』 back then...
Or perhaps, if I hadn't stopped...
I wonder, could we have gone down that path without erring?
Monday......hmm...
Seven in the morning.
Time to wake up.
But!
You don't have to get up, my boy---
Mother Earth's gentle voice rang out.
Because that way I can eat you!---
That's not an old woman. That's a wolf.
And so I should sleep.
Taichi: "Huhuhu."
Happiness.
I don't know anything about humanity or whatever being annihilated, but in this moment right now, my sense of happiness is so limitless it approaches God.
Youko: "......Taichi."
Youko: "Taichi. Wake up."
Taichi: "Uuuuuuun!"
Youko: "If you don't wake up, I think I'll do something perverted."
Taichi: "......guu."
Youko: "......I see."
*rustle!*
*shuffle* *shuffle* *shuffle!*
Youko: "Nn......nnmu......"
Youko: *kiss!* *kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssss!!!!!*
Taichi: "Guwaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Explosive satisfaction in the lower half of my body.
I was guided to it in an instant.
Taichi: "......oh!......obuobuobu."
Huh? Did I......have a wet dream?
I feel like there was some amazing stimulus...
Youko: "......nn!......Nnku!......Afu......"
Taichi: "Eh?"
There's someone inside my futon!
*kiiiiiiiiiiiiisss!!!*
A second explosion of pleasure.
Taichi: "Agoaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
I curled up like a shrimp.
Taichi: "S-stop iiit!!"
I threw off the futon.
Youko-chan was there.
Taichi: "Waaaa!!?"
I kicked.
Youko: "Uu!"
She took it and rolled on her back.
I pulled up my panties and pajamas.
Taichi: "What were you doing!!?"
Youko: "Fellatio."
Taichi: "Didn't I tell you not to do this sort of thing!?"
Youko: "......you said not to perform sexual acts, but that did not include fellatios."
Taichi: "Fellatios are normally considered sexual!"
Youko: "......I think it's unfair to attach rules after the fact."
Taichi: "You're calling me unfair!?"
Dammit! My sperm got taken out.
Damn dream demon!
I can't be left to sleep peacefully!
Taichi: "What did you come here for!?"
Youko: "......bentou."
She held out a paper bag.
Taichi: "Do people give fellatios at your house when they deliver bentous? Nn?"
Youko: "A double portion for some reason."
Taichi: "Listen!"
Taichi: "......no, never mind......there's no point in asserting common sense on a person who has none."
I was tired. My vitality had been stolen.
Youko: "A report..."
Taichi: "......wha-?"
I changed my clothes.
Taichi: "Uuu, these panties have semen all over them......"
I threw them off.
I wasn't particularly embarrassed to be seen naked by her.
Actually, I didn't care at all.
Youko: "I'll wipe it off."
Taichi: "Eh? No, that's okay......I can do it my-......"
Youko-chan's hand was gripping a lotion bottle.
Taichi: "Don't you come within a two-meter radius of me!!"
Her legs froze in place.
Taichi: "......you were trying to massage my prostate, weren't you?"
Youko: "No."
Taichi: "Is that payback for all the harassing I do?"
Youko: "No."
Taichi: "Then why would you do such a thing?"
Youko: "......because I love you."
Taichi: "That's a lieeee!!"
While I took a pose like that of the naked adult male on one of the plates showing the history of humanity on a certain artificial satellite, I denied her words.
Taichi: "Did you not try to enslave me with a prostate massage?"
Youko: "No."
Taichi: "Ku! Damn female leopard......you won't admit your sins."
Taichi: "I don't care anymore!"
I searched for new panties.
Youko: "Here you go."
Taichi: "Nn."
I took them.
I was alarmed, but I put them on anyway.
Taichi: "......eh?"
That was a metal pair of underwear.
There was a clicking sound as it was being locked behind me.
I turned around to find that Youko-chan had been doing something while crouched.
Taichi: "What have you......"
Youko: "I......locked it."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Why?"
Youko: "If I didn't, it might come off."
Taichi: "I was asking why's there a lock on these panties!?"
Youko: "Because it's a chastity belt."
Taichi: "Cha-......"
Chastity belt.
Taichi: "Hao! I can't take it off!?"
Youko: "You can't take it off without the key."
Taichi: "The key!"
I began to attack her.
Youko: *gulp*
She put it on her tongue and swallowed.
Taichi: "Owaaa!?"
Taichi: "Why, how!!?"
Youko: "......last week's Taichi was perverted."
Youko: "That's no good."
Taichi: "I did nothing but masturbate last week!"
Youko: "Not that last week."
Youko: "Anyway, scandalous deeds are firmly impeded."
Taichi: "......I don't get this......besides, you...... swallowed the key......"
Youko: "It won't come off."
Taichi: "I'll give you an enema, you bitch."
Youko: "......that's fine, but I think it'd be useless now. If you're fine with that, go ahead."
She'd gotten me.
This person can probably cough it back up on her own.
Like a man who can swallow and cough up a goldfish without killing it.
I was trapped.
I was trapped too well.
I was trapped by her.
Youko: "Calm down, my Taichi. There's a reason I put the chastity belt on."
Taichi: "You say there's a reason good enough to place a chastity belt on a comrade you've shared your joys and sorrows with?"
Youko: "......I investigated a bit this morning."
The dream demon spoke on as if nothing had happened.
Youko: "I was unable to go to the power plant."
Taichi: "The reason you gave me the chastity belt."
Youko: "With that and the information from the hokora, I have a general grasp of the situation."
Taichi: "The reason you gave me the chastity belt!"
Youko-chan searched through my belongings.
I don't get this.
Youko: "Taichi, take this."
I was handed a bundle of brand-new notebooks.
Taichi: "......the information you just presented and these items do not seem to connect to each other in the slightest."
There's a limit to how lacking an explanation can be...
Youko: "Also......a lot is weird. So I want to do a bit more thorough investigation."
Youko: "......I put the chastity belt on so that Taichi won't do weird things while I'm not watching over him."
Taichi: "Aaah......"
*shock*
So that's what it was.
Youko: "I'll come back at lunch."
So that's why the bentou is a double portion?
Youko-chan seems......somehow active.
Did something happen?
I haven't done anything in particular to stimulate her.
She pushed her lips onto my cheek, then left the room.
Taichi: "Haa."
I began walking to school like a robot.
An incongruity in my crotch.
Chafing hurts.
I'll become bowlegged.
Taichi: "If only I had the charm that makes bowlegs look good......should I go with bankara?" 
All I can do now is stomp my feet and keep the team banner from falling to the ground.
As I walked up the hill,
Taichi: "Mu!?"
The sound of a tire scraping against the ground.
A sign of danger.
Taichi: "......hu, too easy!"
This body was baptized with fellatio this morning.
My whole body has become sensitive from having just cummed!
That is to say, my ability to sense danger has become sharper.
Taichi: "Haa!!"
No matter what sort of attack occurs, if one can predict it in advance, it's easy to evade.
*impact!*
Taichi: "Seeeeeeeeeeeeh!!!"
If only the chastity belt wasn't interfering with my walking!!
Nanaka: "Soooorry!!"
I was thrown into the grove of trees while she appealed to me with a side view of her chest.
Nanaka: "You okaaay?"
I don't know if she was using Japanese slang or not but it didn't sound like the usual way of asking if someone was alright. Might I suggest "Y'alright?" or something along those lines if she was.
Taichi: "......the chastity belt protected me."
Nanaka: "Haa?"
Taichi: "Sarcasm regarding something in my head. Don't worry about it."
I came out of the trees and wiped off the dirt.
Walking bowlegged, of course.
Nanaka: "Bowleggeeeed."
Taichi: "......don't call it that."
Damn this girl whose mouth runs off so reflexively.
Nanaka: "You seem energetic this week too."
Taichi: "What you speak fails to convey meaning."
Taichi: "But I shall make you convey it, Tomie!"
Nanaka: "It's Nanaka, Taichi."
Taichi: "Anyway, why does a person that's perfectly unknown to me know my name?"
Nanaka: "Don't worry about it."
Taichi: "I will worry."
She seemed to have good motor skills.
Even though I'm walking at slow speed, she's matching my pace without faltering.
She came across as a lively, energetic, childhood-friend- type pretty girl.
Who'd come and wake me up every morning.
Taichi: "So, what's your business here, as a person who feels nonexistent?"
Nanaka: "Feels nonexistent?"
Taichi: "None. Faint. Sketchy."
Nanaka: "I don't really understand, but is it related to my presence?"
Taichi: "Yes. The presence I feel from you makes it clear to my cranial deliberation committee that you are not human."
Nanaka: "Ha, you figured out that much......you're too sharp, Taichi."
Taichi: "Hu!"
Here was an effect of the morning fellatio that I couldn't have thought of.
Taichi: "By combining these sensation abilities with my meta-reasoning, I can even extract your true identity."
Nanaka: "Uwa, really?"
Taichi: "You are a girl of Scorpius......in other words, I think that you are a sentient life form living on Star V861 in the Scorpius constellation."
Nanaka: "Isn't that place a black hole?"
Taichi: "......"
Nanaka: "So you just say whatever feels right."
Taichi: "......well, that's my job."
Nanaka: "Must be tough every time."
Taichi: "I don't understand 'every time' or 'this week.' Isn't this our first meeting?"
Nanaka: "I've crashed into you several times."
Taichi: "No, you haven't."
It's not in my memory.
And I have no memory loss.
Nanaka: "......well, that's fine and all,"
Nanaka: "Still, it'd be interesting if love sprouted at least once..."
She said something amazing.
Taichi: "Eh?......Are you saying you have a thing for me? Me with the hook nose?"
Nanaka: "What hook nose? It looks normal to me."
Taichi: "It's crooked. Can't you see that?"
Nanaka: "Not aaat all."
Taichi: "That's strange......"
Nanaka: "It might be a little crooked......but I don't think it's enough to worry about."
Frankly.
Taichi: "So it was true......it was crooked......"
The way my nose bends has bugged me for a long time.
......I became self-conscious with maturity around the same time that I began to hate myself.
Taichi: "Uuuuuuuuun."
Nanaka: "What is it? What is it?"
I wonder if that's true.
Various malices and ill wills from my surroundings...
Did I become conscious of such things, and desire to rationalize them with my looks?
I've read such theories before.
Taichi: "Well, looks don't matter. It doesn't change the inclination to make main characters of stories look pretty in the pictures even if they're described as mediocre in the text."
Nanaka: "......well, well, that's enough poison for the soul."
Nanaka made the face of a secretary who'd handed down a political decision.
Taichi: "So, just how are you related to this Humanity Annihilation Syndrome?"
Nanaka: "Unrelated."
Taichi: "That has to be a lie......absolutely."
Nanaka: "It's true. Humanity got annihilated on its own. I don't know the reason."
I quietly gazed at the girl.
Taichi: "......you know?"
Nanaka: "I saw."
Taichi: "You saw!?"
Nanaka: "Yeah. I saw."
Nanaka: "The world was annihilated slowly."
Taichi: "Slowly?"
Taichi: "How slow is slowly?"
Nanaka: "Nnn, I don't know. I lost my sense of time."
Taichi: "It's weird. After all, wasn't it normal before we went on the campout?"
Taichi: "The campout was three days and two nights...... were they all annihilated in three days?"
Nanaka: "Oh no."
Nanaka shook her head.
Nanaka: "......more than that."
Taichi: "But that's just strange. It doesn't match logic."
Nanaka: "I think it's a matter of how you look at things."
Taichi: "Haa?"
I didn't know what she meant.
Nanaka: "Well, there's no point in thinking about things that have already passed."
Taichi: "That's true, but......humanity really disappeared that easily..."
Nanaka: "I think something happened somewhere."
Nanaka: "I can somehow feel it in my skin."
Taichi: "Somewhere?"
Nanaka: "I can't explain it well with words......"
Nanaka: "I think a big wave came from somewhere, and that spread out rapidly."
Nanaka: "That's the limit of my perception."
Taichi: "......are you......a god?"
She made a wry smile.
Nanaka: "No, no. I'm nothing special. I can't do a thing."
Nanaka: "......I don't know anything."
Taichi: "Then why are you here in front of me?"
Nanaka: "......nn, that's......I can't quite say it. I don't have the right to say it. I'm sorry."
Taichi: "The right......hmm..."
I know that sensation well.
Just as......I don't have the right to live and hang out normally with my friends.
That's why I was sent here, to Gunjou.
Because I'm something that can hurt people.
Because I'm dangerous, I don't have the right to make friends.
And that's......correct. Oppressively so.
Taichi: "Then I won't pry."
Nanaka: "......nn, sorry."
Taichi: "Forget it."
Taichi: "Still, I don't understand anything."
Nanaka: "I think if 'that girl' gives it her all, the mystery will be solved."
Taichi: "That girl? Do you mean Youko-chan?"
Nanaka: "......although I can't bring myself to like her."
She narrowed her lips.
Taichi: "So you hate her."
Nanaka: "That's not it, but......somehow she just doesn't sit well with me."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Nanaka: "After making her clean up, I'll point out her deficiency by rubbing the window frame with my finger."
Taichi: "You're thinking like a mother-in-law."
Nanaka: "A mother-in-law......that's not bad."
Taichi: "What does that mean?"
Nanaka: "Taichi."
I heard her voice from quite far behind.
Taichi: "?"
An impossible distance.
Nanaka had been next to me until three seconds ago.
Twenty meters. Not a distance one could traverse in an instant.
Taichi: "......"
Nanaka: "Since this seems to be the most effective..."
Taichi: "Wait, you......"
I knew it.
She's not human.
Nanaka: "......you know about the hokora, right?"
Taichi: "The hokora..."
Youko: 『With that and the information from the hokora, I have a general grasp of the situation.』
It's related.
Nanaka: "If you want to know, go there!"
A white fingertip shot out, pointing to me.
No, to something behind me.
The school.
No......the mountains?
There was a mountain path that we used during the campout.
There are a lot of animals on that path, but it reaches the summit quickly.
And at the end of it.
There's a hokora.
I don't know what's enshrined there.
A small, old, decayed hokora.
A place that might be dedicated to an unworshipped god.
No one goes near it any more.
There's something there.
I returned my gaze to Nanaka, in order to ask her a trivial question.
She'd disappeared.
Along with her bike.
Taichi: "............"
The cicadas weren't chirping. A quiet new term. 
I'd been doing it for a while, but at long last I grew weary of my four-cornered self.
I couldn't feel any abnormality from the inside of the hokora.
Even so, the flow of time here really is strange.
Or perhaps it's more correct to say the hokora is sound and the town is strange.
For now, I left.
I returned the notebooks.
Information is precious.
The more information in here, the better.
For example, even if I'm reset, Youko-chan should be able to ascertain the hokora every time with this setup.
By looking at the notes, she should be able to attain in an instant the conclusion I just thought up.
Taichi: "......that's right, her uniform."
Nanaka's uniform.
A design I'd never seen.
That's a hint.
It isn't certain that I won't meet her again.
I do have the choice of searching for Nanaka, but,
It's probably not published in the uniform picture books I have.
Hmmm, if it's not listed in those picture books, then......
Taichi: "I don't know."
I'll defer the matter.
If I encounter her again, I'll have to question her.
Now then,
Why don't I go to school?
For now, what I should do is pass the days and write my diary.
It felt as if there was nothing else.
Miki and Kiri were there.
Taichi: "......do you have any food?"
Miki: "Unfortunately..."
Taichi: "What about that bentou......?"
Rice.
Meatballs.
Taichi: "H-hey...why do you have such things in a......?"
Miki: "Kiri-chin made them. She called it a rice box or something..."
Taichi: "Uwa, that's nice..."
Kiri: "......there's not enough for Sempai."
She said flatly.
Taichi: "Aren't there quite a few there?"
Miki: "There are a lot."
It seems quite clear that there are enough for three.
Kiri: "However, for some reason there aren't any for Sempai."
Taichi: "......muu..."
Innocence growled.
Taichi: "Then let's barter."
Miki: "You mean trade?"
Taichi: "Solid and gummy candies. Handmade."
Their eyes changed color.
Miki: "Handmade?"
Taichi: "Mmm. By Youko-chan though."
Taichi: "By the looks of things, these are low in sugar and are good for your looks. The gummies are made from konjac jelly. Zero calories."
I'm more familiar with the term 'konyaku jelly'
Both of them: "Zero calories!?"
........................
Taichi: "Yaaay."
Exchange accomplished.
Miki: "It has a mother's flavor......"
Kiri: "Yes it does."
Miki: "It's milk chocolate."
Kiri: "It is..."
Taichi: "Though that's a stalker's flavor."
Miki: "My cheeks......my cheeks are......"
Kiri: "Nnnnnnn!"
They are girls...
Thanks to that I had rice.
I am, after all, Japanese.
Taichi: "Delicious......Kiri-chin has a talent for cooking."
Kiri: "......all I did was heat them up."
Taichi: "But they're delicious."
Kiri: "If I don't make them, Miki's going to eat sweets forever."
Miki: "I like sweets."
Taichi: "We both seem to be laboring over food."
Miki: "Yes......"
Taichi: "Kiri-chin, let's get married."
Kiri: "That's impossible."
Miki: "Not, 'I don't want to,' but, 'Impossible.' There you have it, Sempai."
Taichi: "......I'm on fire."
Kiri: "I'll throw water on you."
Taichi: "Again?"
Miki: "Are there any more sweets?"
Taichi: "There are. Cookies, sables and more. Youko-sensei is good at making sweets."
Miki: "Whoa, that's unexpected."
Taichi: "They seem to keep well."
Kiri: "......is she...your lover?"
Taichi: "Eh? Me and Youko-chan?"
Miki: "Miki has also been interested in that."
Miki: "She makes no effort to eat well."
Taichi: "......aren't her cheeks stuffed?"
Miki: "Munch."
So spoke the girl storing up midsummer fat.
Taichi: "Well, we did live together once."
Miki: "Cohabitation."
Kiri: "Cohabitation."
They were stymied.
Taichi: "No, not the same as cohabitation."
Taichi: "Ummm, basically we had no parents, and Mutsumi-san adopted both of us. Ah, she's my guardian."
Taichi: "You could say we were like siblings, but......I don't think of it that way."
She doesn't think that way either.
That's why Youko-chan was chased out.
Miki: "Whoa, I never heard about this."
Kiri: "......I thought they had a suspicious relationship, but that was it......"
No, it actually is suspicious.
Taichi: "Well, about that, we're not blood relatives."
Miki: "Hasekura-sempai has many mysteries."
Taichi: "I couldn't agree more."
Miki: "Waa, thousand year candy!"
Kiri took it from me.
Miki: "Uuooo, what are you doing!?"
Kiri: "You can't have sweets."
Miki: "But you ate them yourself!"
Kiri: "I eat real food too. From now on we have to manage our own health, right?"
Miki: "......wooow."
Hmmm.
Kiri: "What is it? You're staring at me with indecent eyes......"
Taichi: "Don't say 'indecent.'"
Taichi: "I only thought that you make a good combo."
Miki: "Since we're the flower-chans."
Taichi: "So much so that I want to make you debut."
Miki: "Though even if we debut now......"
Kiri: "At best the CD could only sell eight copies."
Miki: "A million would be a dream within a dream."
Kiri: "Then I'll buy two copies."
Miki: "Then I'll also buy two."
Kiri: "That makes ten."
Miki: "Yep, ten. Two digits."
She chuckled.
They really are intimate.
Their behavior refreshed me just a tiny bit.
I left my things in the classroom.
Taichi: "Oya?"
Touko wasn't there.
And I thought she was coming.
The usual window seat.
Ojou-sama wasn't there.
I felt uneasy.
Please don't take any unusual actions.
A wishful thought.
I left my satchel there and wandered around the school.
Starting the third day of 『usual』.
In other words, of being filled with hollow feelings.
Miki: "Heeellooo."
It wasn't long before Miki arrived.
Bringing Kiri with her.
Misato: "......Yamanobe-san?"
Miki: "I am Yamanobe Miki. I have come."
Miki: "Come on, Kiri-chin, greet her."
Kiri: "......hello."
Miki: "Your voice is too low. I can't hear you!"
Kiri: "......he-heeello!"
Miki: "Not 'heeello.' It's 'good morning,' isn't it!?"
Kiri: "G-good morning."
Miki: "Your 『g』 and 『d』 and 『m』 and 『i』 were too soft. One more time!"
She smacked her butt.
So preciiise!
Kiri: "Kya!......Don't hit me......"
Kiri's posture was straightened via her butt.
I want to be straightened too.
Kiri: "G-good morning."
She lowered her head.
Miki: "Yep, yep."
Miki-chin can be sadistic at times.
Taichi: "What the heck was that bow!? Aren't you four degrees short---!---?"
Miki: "......you're putting considerable stress on the delicate Kiri-chin. It's best not to do that."
Taichi: "Tell me that sooner......"
I felt sad after Miki told me.
Misato: "Ummmm, what are you two here for?"
Miki: "We've come to participate in the club."
Misato: "Ah, but......there's nothing I really need you to......"
Miki: "We've come to participate."
Misato: "Umm, well, you've been skipping until now......"
Miki: "We've come to participate."
Misato: "I'd been thinking about doing it on my own, so it's okay if you all don't come......"
Miki: "We've come to participate."
Sempai desperately tried to refuse.
So the objective of this club was 'flight.'
Taichi: "As I expected."
My power to observe humans is now infinitely near to God's.
Miki: "We have come to participate in club activities!"
And Miki kept pushing.
Misato: "Ummm......hmmm......"
Taichi: "Nothing can be done by averting your eyes from reality. There's nothing left for us to do but rot away here, so let's give up and enjoy the present!"
Misato: "Awww, Peke-kun, you're so..."
Cheerfully.
But, strongly.
Miki: "Now, your orders."
Misato: "Ummmm, that's tough..."
Miki: "Eheheh."
Misato: "......is Sakura-san helping too?"
Kiri: "I-I was just......forced by Miki......"
Miki: "Unmanageable lust."
She muttered.
Kiri: "Please let me participate."
Kiri said after straightening her back.
Misato: "......haa, so it can't be helped."
Misato: "Then......I'll have you help......"
Miki: "Yaaay, a school youth drama! ......Kiri-chin?"
Kiri: "......y-yaay......a school youth dramaaa......haa."
Misato: "Still, why so suddenly......?"
Miki: "It's the result of Miki's trial and error. Well, don't worry about it."
Taichi: "......so it's decided."
Misato: "So you'll be participating too."
Taichi: "I'm sorry......but Miki is just......"
Miki: "......adorable elephant."
She muttered.
Taichi: "I do so through my own will, your excellency."
I saluted her as I spoke.
Misato: "Peke-kun has become a military man!?"
Taichi: "What be saying you?"
Taichi: "Kurosu Taichi has not once forgotten his Prussian mentality."
Misato: "Aren't you being a stereotypical Mongoloid?"
Taichi: "Either way I'm a Japanese-Prussian."
Miki: "So it's something like the Japanese Alps."
Taichi: "Just as you say."
Miki: "Since Sempai and Kiri-chin are both perfectly fine kids, please make use of them."
Misato: "......I see. In that case, I'll ask you for help up to your eyeballs."
Miki: "For now, I was thinking they could carry necessary stuff that was too heavy for you."
Little devil......
Kiri: "......I can't carry anything heavy either......"
Kiri looked like she was about to cry.
For now,
The hokora visit is canceled......
After a few hours,
Club activities ended.
We left the building and looked up at the roof.
We could see the tip of the antenna.
Beside it,
Sempai was still there.
Taichi: "......"
Working hard at her club.
Truly like a student.
But that student healthiness of hers is being used for flight.
But that aside,
Taichi: "......ho."
I was tired.
Kiri: "......ho."
We're that similar?
Miki: "That was a fulfilling day..."
That would be the case,
Except that you employed other people.
Waving a baton around while giving orders.
Taichi: "Well, I'm going this way."
I walked away.
Kiri: "......see you, Miki."
Miki: "Yeah, bye-bye."
Footsteps behind me.
Miki: "Let's go together until the shopping district."
Miki lined up with me.
Taichi: "Let us do so, and do so freely."
I felt tired.
Miki: "Weeell, I was able to develop 'those.'"
Miki had done that in the Photography Club's room during our club activities.
Taichi: "......if I think about it, aren't there only eight people to show those to? Six if you exclude us."
Miki: "Kiri-chin said the same thing. So, will you quit the club?"
Taichi: "......well, I've hung out with you this far. Do as you wish."
Miki: "Ehaha."
Miki: "Sempai is strong, isn't he?"
Taichi: "Am I?"
Miki: "I enjoy watching a man carry stuff. It was worth loaning you to the club."
Was that the only reason......?
Miki: "Bravo for your hard work. I'll buy you some juice at the Tasaki Shop."
Taichi: "Ha, ha, ha. Thank you very much."
My face was becoming tense.
This girl......
Taichi: "Well, maybe it's better to have something to do."
Miki: "It is, it is."
Taichi: "I can think about the little things slowly."
Miki: "......let's have our school youth drama this week."
Taichi: "What about next week?"
Miki: "Nnn. Eight men and women on a journey searching for the survivors of humanity......or something."
Taichi: "That would be fun."
In these times.
Until the eight of us become zero.
Taichi: "But, I'd prefer to do normal things here."
Since it's humanity's nature, it should be just fine to do what's normal.
Miki: "......I see."
We arrived.
Miki really did buy it for me.
Taichi: "This really does feel like a normal day."
Miki: "Yes♪"
The evening sun shone upon the sky.
It made me think back on the setting sun of humanity.
I opened my eyes.
Sunlight pierced through the window.
I must have slept soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time is......seven o'clock.
There's no need to go to school.
My body moved anyway.
Breakfast hadn't been prepared.
Obviously.
Mutsumi-oba-san made being beautiful her career. She was also a great cook. But she was no longer here.
She'd taken me in.
And made a peaceful deal with Youko-chan......
I had plenty to be thankful for.
But before I could fulfill my filial duty, she'd disappeared.
There's no real food in the house.
I just drank water.
I met Yuusa-chan a lot on this road.
She really got attached to me.
She was a ticklish existence.
As much as I could, I was making great efforts.
Yuusa-chan's existence healed me well.
But now, she's not here.
Sakuraba: "Yo."
It was Sakuraba.
Taichi: "Yo."
Sakuraba: "I'm hungry."
Taichi: "So am I."
Sakuraba: "You are too?"
Taichi: "I am."
Sakuraba: "That's painful."
Taichi: "Yeah, painful."
Taichi: "Right about now I'll rush into a normal home."
I crashed into a nearby residence.
I returned.
Taichi: "I caught a big catch."
There were lots of preservatives in it.
Taichi: "Behold, canned bread. It even has kompeitou in it."
Sakuraba: ......*sniff*
Sakuraba was dripping snot.
Taichi: "......looks like evacuating was the right choice."
Sakuraba: "Now I wish for tissues."
Taichi: "There aren't any."
Sakuraba: "......mm. Then it can't be helped."
We started walking.
The icicle-shaped snot lightly danced from left to right.
Taichi: "Don't just say, 'it can't be helped!'"
I took out my handkerchief.
Sakuraba: "......sorry."
Taichi: "Don't return it. Absolutely do not return it. I'll kill you if you do."
Sakuraba: "I owe you a debt."
I think "owing a debt" is redundant but I can't think of better wording that would work well with the next line.-Spin 
Taichi: "Do return that."
Sakuraba: "Yep."
Kiri: "Wha---!!?"
Kiri shuddered.
Kiri: "What is that underwear......"
I was still wearing the elephant underwear Miki had equipped me with (gives a more exact impression than 'put on me') yesterday.
Miki: "Huh? Doesn't Sempai take baths?"
Taichi: "Nope."
Miki: "He doesn't!"
Kiri: "Unclean......"
Ku! Damn little hygienic girls.
They gather and reproach people.
Miki: "Isn't it summer?"
Kiri: "......his character's like that, so his personal grooming is also..."
Taichi: "Are you treating a filthy person like a sinner?"
Kiri: "It might be best to bring an end to this here and now......"
Taichi: "Wait up!"
Miki: "Hmm. Sempai's root has lowered greatly."
Taichi: "It's only been one day. It enters once every two days."
Kiri: "I'm not understanding anything......"
Miki: "Not entering daily is subpar."
Taichi: "Eh!? Is that so? Youko-chan never said that......she never told me......"
There are many cases like this when someone will mature with their originality intact unless they exchange information with human friends of the same generation!
Being a normal person is a very difficult thing!
Miki: "What do we do, Kiri-chin?"
Kiri: "This is bad, Miki."
Miki: "Yeah, it's bad."
They informed each other.
Kiri: "I thought he was weird, but to think he was this bad......"
Miki: "We have no choice but to do it."
Kiri: "Yes. There's nothing else to be done."
Miki: "After all, you have to participate in the club with this guy."
Kiri: "Mm. Do it where?"
Taichi: "What do you mean by 『do』?"
They ignored me and continued speaking to one another.
Low voices. I can hear fragments.
Miki: "A place where people won't see it."
Kiri: "Silently,"
Miki: "With strong drugs,"
Kiri: "If we dare to,"
What are these girls talking about?
Taichi: "......this atmosphere seems bad......"
Perhaps I should run away.
Kiri: "Don't move!"
Taichi: "Hii!?"
No good. I can't run away.
It'd be bad to stimulate Kiri any further.
Miki: "Sempai, we've decided on your sentence."
Taichi: "......would it be okay if I put my pants back on?"
Miki: "No it wouldn't."
Taichi: "Are you a demon?"
Miki: "You will accompany us."
Miki said 'us.'
Taichi: "I understand......but to receive such treatment just for not taking a bath for one day......"
Miki: "Don't even try. Sempai has no merits at all in the first place, so cleanliness is practically a duty for you."
Miki: "But Sempai got lazy."
Kiri: "You are abnormal......in many ways."
I'm being treated like an abnormal.
Miki: "Let's go."
I was brought along.
And,
Taichi: "......eh? What's being done to me?"
I'm incredibly uneasy.
Sempai still hasn't come.
There's no one here to save me.
Miki brought a hose out of a prefab structure.
Kiri maintained surveillance on me with her crossbow.
Miki: "Sempai, strip."
Taichi: "More than this?"
Kiri: "......"
I'll be sniped by the crossbow.
Taichi: "......yesh."
I stripped.
I took off my shirt.
I am now nothing more than elephant underwear.
Taichi: "......these too?"
Miki: "Hmmm, well, I'll let that go."
And then Miki released the valve on her hose.
Miki: "There!"
An intense flow of water attacked me.
Taichi: "Upu!"
Miki: "Take that!"
Is that what this is?
Compulsory cleaning?
Aaah, if only it was a compulsory sexual massage...
Miki: "Kiri-chin, the drug!"
Kiri: "Okay."
Kiri shot something.
Taichi: "Uu! Th-this is...?"
A displeasing citrus mist.
Body soap?
She gripped the bottle as they washed me.
Miki: "And now, and now,"
Both of them came toward me with deck brushes......deck brushes!!?
Miki: "Goooo!!"
Kiri: "Ei! Ei!"
I was washed like the deck of a ship.
Taichi: "Owowowowowowowow!!?"
It's prickly! It prickles!
Taichi: "I'm not a deck!"
Dammit, is this because I ate canned bread this morning!?
Is the world a gag?
Miki: "Soap, soap, soap!"
Kiri: "Soap, ei!!"
Repeated calls for soap.
I'm a little excited.
I will...make you both...with soap...into soap...into women......
Deck brushes once again.
I got used to the sharp pain, and stopped caring.
In fact, the prickly sensation became refreshing.
Kiri: "Mi-Miki! Th-the elephant is!!?"
Miki: "U-uwaaaaaa!!? The elephant trumpeteeed!!"
A discharge of water.
Kiri: "Pervert! Pervert!!"
Taichi: "Th-this is just because I received a stimulus......I can't help it......upu!"
Miki: "Scrub, scrub, scrub, scruuub!!"
She rubbed frantically.
Kiri: "Kya! The elephant's gone!"
It was taken off in the stream of water.
Miki: "The elephant cover I bought at Atomic Goods!!?"
So you did get it at Atomic Goods......
The owner (Female - Beautiful - Twenty-five) is a pervert herself so she sells indiscriminately.
Miki: "Look, Kiri-chin, it's like an entirely different creature!"
Kiri: "I mustn't look! My eyes will rot!"
Are you elementary schoolgirls?
Miki: "Ginyaaa, it just shook!?"
Kiri: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
They ran away.
I was left behind......naked......
Taichi: "......hu."
Tears in the corners of my eyes.
Misato: "Fuaaa, now for another day of hard work......nn?"
Misato: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!?"
Judging by that reaction, she's a virgin.
Taichi: "Hu."
Suffer......
Taichi: "Uu! Uu! Uu!"
I decided to cry.
*whoosh!*
A bath towel was placed on me.
Miki: "......weeell, sorry about running away."
Miki: "That was too strong a stimulus for a maiden. Here you go."
New underwear and my uniform.
Taichi: "Uu! Miki......such a good girl."
I put them on.
Miki: "Now that you're clean, that looks great."
Taichi: "My whole body stings though."
Miki: "Kiri-chiii, Mimi-sempai, I'm doneee."
Kiri: "......reallyyy?"
They both came out terrified.
Miki: "So, let's start the club."
She smiled brightly.
And then we devoted ourselves to club activities.
Aaah, it was this easy.
Unity.
What was that campout I labored to carry out?
Was that a bad way to do it? Or was I too forceful?
How should I touch people?
I don't understand any of it.
Club activities.
Miki leaped out from the shadows.
My eyes didn't miss her.
I squeezed the trigger on my Uzi submachine gun.
Bullets were fired.
Their trajectories swerved downward to hit Miki's feet.
Miki: "......ku!?"
Miki noticed.
She jumped behind a planter and returned fire.
Crap, she's got me pinned down!
Mimi-sempai showed herself on my flank.
She took out an empty magazine from her AK-47.
Misato: "Sakura-san isn't hereee!"
Taichi: "You lost sight of her!?"
Misato: "She's really agile......"
Taichi: "Ku!......This is bad."
It's bad to lose sight of your enemy.
Then, Kiri came around a corner to our right.
This is bad, they're forming a pincer.
Kiri's M4-A1 Carbine spat fire.
Misato: "Ah! They've got us!"
Taichi: "Shit!"
Two against one.
I retreated while returning fire.
I'm finished if they surround me.
I'm also worried about Miki.
Right then, a muzzle was pushed into my back.
Miki: "Hold up."
W-when did she-!?
Miki: "Game set."
Taichi: "Aaah, I've been beaten again!"
Miki: "Yahooi!"
Kiri: "We win!"
Miki and Kiri high-fived.
Taichi: "That's four wins in a row......damn!"
The club was going well.
............huh?
I walked home.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
In the end, I spent the day doing nothing.
I just couldn't get into it.
Besides......even after going to school, I didn't feel any liveliness or prosperity.
The world was becoming a shell.
You can't call this a world with only eight people.
An eternal summer.
Are we the remains of humanity trapped in an eddy of time?
Taichi: "......"
I didn't know.
There was no way for me to know.
So, I've come to the roof, but,
What should I do?
Ah, it's Sempai.
Misato: "Parararararara!"
She's practicing for a survival game.
Sempai holding an SMG at the hip is a wonderful sight.
By the way, these small arms of ours have been used every year at the campouts.
Campouts ought to have survival games.
We even brought BB guns with electric firing mechanisms too.
Taichi: "Hello."
Misato: "Eh!?"
She turned toward me.
Her SMG gushed water.
Taichi: "Wappu!"
A direct hit between the eyes.
As an electric water gun, it was quite strong.
Misato: "Ah! I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "No, summer survival games are limited to water guns."
Misato: "Come to think of it, a new model came out before the annihilation."
Taichi: "That's cold......"
Taichi: "Ummm, now that you mention it, it's been bugging me, but..."
Misato: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Is it okay to leave the antenna alone?"
Misato: "............th-that's right."
Taichi: "So you got swept up by Miki's pace."
Misato: "She attacked me and I returned fire......"
Then---
Miki: "GI die!"
She war cried.
Taichi: "We're not GIs!"
I returned fire. So did Sempai.
Our water guns gushed fire.
*water guns gushing fire = don't worry about it.
Taichi: "Do you have a Vietnam Complex!?"
Miki: "GI diiie!!!"
Taichi: "Don't call me a GI!"
Kiri: "Dieee!"
Taichi: "Owa!"
Damn, somehow I'm half serious.
Taichi: "Damn Vietnam-conscious monkeys......you're the ones who'll die!"
I didn't know the true meaning of Vietcon!
Kiri: "Ku! Impudent......"
Taichi: "You...!"
The water guns' lines of fire crossed over.
*water guns' lines of fire crossing = don't worry about it.
Misato: "Suspension, suspension!!"
Miki: "Uryaaa!"
Club activities again......
I thought that, but I couldn't ignore the enemy before my eyes.
Taichi: "Ku! Out of bullets (water)!?"
I started reloading the gunpowder in the tank attached to my hip.
This takes ten seconds.
Kiri: "......hu!"
Kiri smiled wickedly.
The accurate shots increased.
I lowered my body and ran.
I won't be hit that easily.
But ten seconds is a long time.
Kiri closed in to make certain of hitting me.
At the exact moment I finished reloading.
I shot.
Kiri: "......ah!!?"
Kiri rolled to one side. That's more like it!
One more shot.
This one missed too, but Kiri's posture broke further.
She fell forward and clung to the fence.
The fence leaned.
Kiri had placed her full body weight on it, so she rolled over to the other side of the fence as it broke and curled.
Taichi: "Kiri!"
I rushed over to her.
Will I make it in time?
Impossible, not at this distance.
I knew that.
Kiri: "Ah......eh......?"
The metal fittings on her uniform made clacking noises.
I heard it as she rubbed against the mesh of the fence.
Sounds from the midst of her slipping down.
Right before my eyes, Kiri is...
Miki is...
Taichi: "-!?"
You could say it was swift.
Miki extended her hand. She grabbed Kiri's wrist.
By the breadth of a hair, Kiri's fall had been avoided.
Miki: "......Kiri."
Her other arm, holding onto the fence, had been torn by the wire and was hemorrhaging.
Kiri herself was still agape.
........................
Miki pulled her up.
She remained in a daze for a while.
Miki: "Owowowowww..."
Horrible hemorrhaging.
Taichi: "This is...we need to go to the health room...... Sempai, please bring back some first aid equipment from there."
Misato: "Okay."
Miki: "Ah, I'll go to the health room with Sempai!"
Misato: "Eh......you can't, I'm not really......Peke-kun, please!"
Taichi: "Whoooa."
Miki: "Ah, I might be able to go myself."
Taichi: "I can't dress her wound."
Miki: "Aaaau."
Blood is a weakness of mine too.
Taichi: "W-well, you can do it."
Miki: "............"
Beautiful blood.
She saved her friend.
My heart didn't ache.
In this case, it might be okay.
When we entered the building, I saw Kiri curled up.
Her terror was belated. It always had been.
Miki: "Uuooooo, it stings when I shake it..."
Taichi: "Bear with it. I'm summoning a famous doctor now."
I opened the window and whistled.
Come here! Youko!
Taichi: "............"
She won't come.
I whistled once more.
Come here!! Youko!!
Taichi: "........................"
Huuuh?
Miki: "My arm is torn so badly."
Taichi: "Awawa."
There's no choice, I have to dress the wound.
I rolled up her sleeve.
I looked at the open wound.
Taichi: "Uu......"
The smell of blood really is harsh.
I put a laundry clothespin on my nose.
Miki: "What's that?"
Taichi: "Diz zhud rurk (This should work)."
Miki: "......that couldn't be part of the treatment... could it?"
She accepted it on her own.
Ummm......first, water......
I washed off the blood with water from the drinking fountain.
I was relieved.
Miki: "........................"
Miki gazed at me intently, as if trying to conjecture something.
Disinfectant......
Miki: "Migyaa."
It seems to have gotten in there.
A little more.
Miki: "Hagyaaa."
Is this it?
Gauze.
Bandages.
Tying bandages.
I rolled her sleeve back down.
Taichi: *sigh*
I don't need the clothespin anymore.
Taichi: "Op finished."
Miki: "......it stings. It feels like the wound is going numb."
Taichi: "That's love."
Miki: "Th-this is love?"
Taichi: "And true love at that. Your love meter is at eighty nine percent. There's no mistaking it."
Miki: "Iii seee. This is love......"
Taichi: "How does it feel for your love to blossom?"
Miki: "......I don't know. My life hasn't had love before."
Taichi: "Ku! You're making me cry."
Miki: "Now that I think about it, I'm sorry, Sempai, that you had to do this when blood is a weakness of yours."
Taichi: "What? There's no doctor here, so injuries are a big deal. Take care of yourself."
Miki: "I do take......great care of myself......"
Taichi: "Then all is well."
Miki: "I'll have to thank you somehow."
Taichi: "You could give me a pair of underwear."
Miki: "......uuuooo, that's expensiiive......"
Taichi: "It was a joke. Kiri-chin would kill me."
Miki: "Is there some other commodity you desire?"
Taichi: "Nnn, I already took your first kiss..."
Miki: "Gu, that's right......"
Miki-Miki received a shock.
Taichi: "Make it a memory."
Miki: "I shall live on holding that memory whether I want to or not......"
Miki: "What about something that isn't erotic?"
Taichi: "Hmmm......date......"
A flash of inspiration.
Taichi: "Double date."
Miki: "Eh? With who?"
Taichi: "Aaah...me, Miki and Kiri-chin."
Miki: "Isn't that just double girls?"
Taichi: "So, please harass me enough for two."
Miki: "Well, if you're fine with that."
Taichi: "It's okay?"
Miki: "It's okay."
A flower in both hands.
Miki: "......I was feeling like I'd have nooo ideeea what to do if I was going alone, but if Kiri-chin's with me I'm totally okay."
Taichi: "It seems I'll be targeted."
Miki: "You wiiill."
Miki: "Because Sempai is dangerouuus."
Taichi: "Hahahahaha."
However, Miki doesn't know.
That I really am dangerous.
Urges.
At times, they rouse.
I'm fighting against them.
Taichi: "I really have caused a lot of trouble for Mikicchi."
Miki: "?"
Taichi: "You saved me on Monday as well......thank you."
Miki: "......nn...well......that was just..."
Taichi: "You moved so well when you saved Kiri-chin that I thought you were a different person."
Taichi: "I really did......"
So nimble that I could easily make that mistake.
But...were Miki's senses that sharp?
What about when she carried me back to my house?
Is she that strong?
Taichi: "Come to think of it......your kicks were sharp too......"
I started thinking.
Something bugged me.
Miki: "Uh, ummm."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Miki: ......*kiss*
On my cheek.
The first time it's been done to me by anyone but Youko-chan.
Miki: "An advance payment on my thanks!"
Taichi: "Y-y-you allured me, so I'm going to do this!!"
I jumped onto Miki.
As I was waiting,
Miki: "Sempaaai!"
Miki came to me, dragging Kiri.
Taichi: "Yo."
Miki: "Did you wait?"
Taichi: "I was just about to come here!"
There we were exchanging stylish gags instead of greetings.
Miki: "Weeell, I'm sorry it took so long to persuade her."
Kiri: "......persuasion?......You call that persuasion!?"
Kiri had a great deal of grievances.
Miki: "Unmanageable lust."
She muttered.
Kiri: "............"
She became quiet.
What sort of secret does Kiri have?
Taichi: "Then where shall we go?"
Miki: "Mountaaain!"
Taichi: "......mountain?"
Miki: "A three-person date looking over the town from atop the mountain!"
Taichi: "Sounds tiring. I'm fine with that."
Miki: "Kiri-chin's fine too, riiight?"
Kiri: "......whether I am or not, I can't disobey."
Miki: "Then GO!"
Miki wrapped her arm around Kiri's.
Miki: "Come on, come on, grab an arm."
Taichi: "Ah, aaah......"
So, I wrapped my arm around Kiri's other.
Kiri: "......okay, okay."
The three of us walked awkwardly.
Uneven paces.
A puzzling atmosphere.
With slipping morale.
It was quite like us.
Taichi: "Wait, wait, aren't I supposed to be in the middle?"
Miki: "This is just fiiine."
I made eye contact with Kiri.
Hmph.
She averted hers.
Taichi: "......well, whatever."
The three of us walked.
It was a bit cumbersome, but we did our best.
Miki: "If we don't hurry, the sun will set."
Taichi: "Hurry?"
Miki: "Hurry up! Hurry up!"
Taichi: "Hurry up! Hurry up!"
And then,
Taichi: "Here we are..."
Kiri: "Haa, haa, hee, hee."
Kiri was exhausted.
Miki: "Oooh, good timing!"
Miki was perfectly fine.
A calculating girl.
Taichi: "It's nice that we got here before dark, but we also have to get back before dark."
I do happen to have a flashlight in the Taichi Bag, but...
Miki: "I wanted to see the evening sun, so this is just right."
Miki: "And there we go!"
Then Miki pulled the flowers in both her hands (one of which was me) closer to her.
Taichi: "Whoa."
Kiri: "Kyan."
Miki: "The prettiest part is right before it sinks."
We've already been out for thirty minutes.
Kiri: "......haa, I'm hungryyy."
Miki: "Do you have some kind of food, Sempai?"
Taichi: "I do."
I took out the remaining canned bread.
Miki: "Does that bag which a homeless person might use have everything in it?"
Taichi: "It is the Taichi Bag."
Miki: "My throat's parched."
Taichi: "Here you go."
A water bottle.
Miki: "......a-amazing."
She must have wanted it.
Taichi: "Want to eat some cookies?"
Made by Youko-chan.
Miki: "I'll take them! Here, Kiricchi."
Kiri: "O-okay......"
They both ate vigorously.
Miki: "These cookies......are delicious..."
Kiri: "They're......really soft...and sweet......"
Taichi: "Because they're Youko-chan's cookies."
Miki: "You are so loooved."
Taichi: "She is partial to me."
My annoyance is higher than my thankfulness.
Taichi: "But I'd like her to turn off the surveillance cameras."
My room.
Though the batteries are dead and she can't use them anymore.
Kiri: "......so, what's Miki waiting for?"
Miki: "The evening sun."
Kiri: "Isn't it evening now?"
Taichi: "Mikicchi's waiting for the afterglow."
Kiri: "Afterglow?"
Taichi: "After the sun goes away, the sky turns this amazing shade of orange."
Miki: "All three of us will see it. Won't that feel good?"
This doesn't feel like a date so much as a friendly outing.
Miki: "Nyan-niki-nyaka-nyaka♪ Nyan-niki-nyaka-nyaka♪"
Kiri: "Don't touch my breasts."
Well, it's okay since it's fun.
Taichi: "......hey, Kiri-chin, unmanageable lust."
Kiri: "Bu!!!"
Taichi: "Don't spit water."
Kiri: "Did she tell you!? Did she show it to you!?"
Miki: "I didn't show him. It's fine, it's fine."
I've got a general idea of what happened.
Taichi: "Do you two remember the first day you participated in the club?"
Kiri: "......well, yes."
Kiri: "It'd be impossible to forget that, even if I tried."
Miki: "We didn't fit in all that well."
Taichi: "......nnn, not until the exams ended. You did have to adapt."
Students couldn't join clubs freely.
Hope gets across, but,
Gunjou was an elevator institution, minus the university.
Kiri came here during the summer of last year.
Miki came a little after that.
They both were admitted one year below the third years.
They were in the same building, so they met rather often during that time.
Miki: "That was fun. I can't forget that."
Kiri: "......it was fun."
Taichi: "I even gave you both wonderful nicknames."
Miki: "Ummm, Shima-sempai was Immoral, and Taichi-sempai was Love Aristocrat?"
She remembers well.
Miki: "......'Love Aristocrat' pops up frequently in Sempai's talks."
Kiri: "Love slave, love doll......you're the worst."
Kiri: "Why not call yourself the worst slave?"
Taichi: "Hmmm......the worst of the slaves...I'm all the way at the bottom."
Miki: "Kiri-chin, that's too much..."
Taichi: "Also, do you remember Sakuraba's sermon on persimmon trees?"
Kiri: "......puuuu!!?"
Kiri spat.
It seems she remembered.
Miki: "Now that you mention it, I have a question."
Miki: "Does Sakuraba-sempai have bad hearing?"
Taichi: "Yeah, his eardrum hurts."
Miki: "Eh!?"
Kiri: "......I didn't know that."
Taichi: "I did it."
Kiri's eyebrows narrowed.
Kiri: "Don't make light of that."
Taichi: "Hey, listen to me. He started it."
Taichi: "......in my middle school period......nnn, I guess it was my second year. We had a school festival."
Miki: "They don't do that now?"
Taichi: "Because a lot of problems occurred."
Taichi: "It was a pretty snug thing at the time. There really aren't that many intellectuals."
*Intellectual = One who has delight, anger, sorrow, pleasure and other emotions.
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "But, even this school wants approval from the residents around it."
Taichi: "Though it was a school festival, a bunch of strangers always showed up and made a lot of people insecure, so they started doing something like a volunteer play."
Taichi: "That year was......Shakespeare. The title was---"
Kiri: "Romeo and Juliet."
Taichi: "......correct."
Yes.
Miki: "It was beta."
Taichi: "Yep. You could even say it was Betty."
Kiri: "......ha?"
Miki: "He personified 'beta' and......"
Kiri: "......aaah, that's what he meant......"
Taichi: "Huhuhu. Nice follow-up, Miki."
Miki: "'Twas nothing."
Taichi: "I've decided: the day I explain one of my own gags is the day I die."
Kiri: "......sounds like a line from a movie."
Taichi: "Well, anyway, we did Shakespeare. His Japanese name would be......hu! Furiyari-san I would think."
Miki's body shook.
Miki: "......I couldn't feel any hint of desire to think hard about that!!!"
One more person captured by my frankness.
Taichi: "I don't believe in twists."
I looked up at the madder red sky like a homeless person.
Kiri: "Did he misspell something?"
Miki: "Dunno."
Taichi: "Try to guess the casting!"
Miki: "......I wonder...was Sempai Romeo?"
Kiri: "We don't know who else was there at the time...... so I don't know......"
Taichi: "Youko-chan was a year above me."
Miki: "Then, Hasekura-sempai was Juliet."
Taichi: "Unfortunately, you've got it backwards."
Miki: "......a gender-swapped play?"
Taichi: "Yes. At the time, we had about the same build, so it didn't matter who played who."
Taichi: "Also...there was no one else they knew who could act in a play, so Youko-chan and I played all the parts."
Kiri: "Uwa......"
Miki: "Is that......really a school festival?"
Taichi: "Well, it was just to save face."
Taichi: "The play itself was a huge success. Especially the realistic acting in the kiss scene......that bitch......in front of people......"
Kiri: "Th-this person's crying......"
Miki: "What did we do?"
Taichi: "Dammit! I didn't even have any chest hair at the time!!"
Miki: "You have some now......?"
Taichi: "Anyway, although there was saliva dribbling out from the mouths of the two kissing,
Taichi: "And although the heroine decided the main character would submit to her even though I was trying to run away,
Taichi: "It must have been the magic of the play that kept anyone from noticing her persistent touching under a certain region of my skirt.
Taichi: "The play was a huge success. I changed my underwear."
Kiri: "......no............"
Taichi: "And there emerged the new character, Sakurabaaa!"
Miki: "There he is."
Taichi: "That guy's an instinctively faithful man. No, he's rather too faithful a man."
Taichi: "Sakuraba came to watch the play, and he fell in love at first sight."
I think this way sounds better, and adds the surprise factor.
Kiri: "With Hasekura-sempai......"
Taichi: "No, with me."
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
Both of them: "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeh!!!?"
My eardrums were nearly torn.
Miki: "Eeh? Eeh? Sakuraba-sempai and Taichi-sempai!!?"
Kiri: "Hey, hey, then the rumor that Sakuraba-sempai had no interest at all in women was...?"
Miki: "Hyaaaa! What's happeniiing!?"
Kiri: "Wa! Waaaa..."
Miki: "Kyaaa, kyaaa!"
You're too loud......
Both of them: "So, what happened?"
Taichi: "That reaction is somehow irritating."
Taichi: "......anyway, Sakuraba forced himself on me. He soon appeared backstage holding a flower from the principal's flower bed."
Taichi: "I was surprised. It took three seconds to get from meeting to confession. Fast, too fast."
They both held their breath.
......somehow I want to talk about it now.
Taichi: "Unhappily, Youko-chan wasn't there."
Taichi: "But I was calm. After all, I was a guy. I was lacking in holes to physically receive Sakuraba's love (adult joke)."
Taichi: "That's why I exposed my own symbol, proving that I was a guy. That's what they call symbolism."
Miki: "......that's a lie."
Kiri: "Yep, it's a lie."
Miki: "What a boring gag."
Kiri: "Yes, but let's put up with it. The story is getting good."
Taichi: "......may I cry?"
Taichi: "But Sakuraba wouldn't stop."
Sakuraba: 『I'm fine with a guy.』
Taichi: "And then he attacked me. Actually, there was one hole I had a hunch could accept him (adult joke)."
Miki: "Uwoooooooo!!"
Kiri: "Th-that's......"
Hey, why are you enjoying this?
Taichi: "So, in order to protect my chastity, I repeatedly slapped him. I hit his ear, so......well I ended up hurting him a little."
Miki: "Aaah, so that's why his ear is a little......"
Taichi: "Afterward I went and apologized to his father. But it was attempted rape, so I wasn't blamed for anything."
His father? it looks like he apologized to Sakuraba's father for hurting Sakuraba, but wasn't blamed for it, because of the attempted rape.
Taichi: "The guy never listened to what people said in the first place, but it seems I polished that ability."
Taichi: "So, Sakuraba was taken to the hospital......and it was all right after that."
Taichi: "The next school year, he was my classmate......"
Kiri: "He came after you?"
Taichi: "Probably......"
Miki: "So, how've you two been since?"
Taichi: "Nothing's happened! Or I should say, the guy doesn't seem inclined to do anything with my full-width asterisk."
*Full-width asterisk = 『＊』←This instead of 『*』←this.
Miki: "Platonic Lo......"
Taichi: "Don't say it."
I held my head.
Taichi: "To be honest, I have no emotion other than... complex."
Miki: "So that's why you harass him."
Taichi: "......how else would you have me react?"
Taichi: "Besides, that guy acts abnormally familiar with me if I leave him alone."
I got goosebumps.
Taichi: "So much has come of......actually, I'm at the age where I want to scream to the evening sun that all I desire are normal human relationships. Okay, I'm done. Was that interesting enough?"
They both nodded.
Miki: "That was really interesting, it was."
Taichi: "......Misato-sempai and Touko's eyes changed colors when they heard this story......women......"
Miki: "Kyaaa, kyaaa."
Kiri: "Kyaaa, kyaaa."
They were already talking about 'kyaaa kyaaa.'
High-pitched voices.
I could only sigh.
In the end, I told everyone about it.
Taichi: "......hey, Miki, while we were talking about that, it nearly happened."
Miki: "Ueh......ah."
A sunken sun. Only that light clambered up the sky.
Like air shimmering in heat, it only tinged the lower half of the sky.
Miki: "........................"
Taichi: "Wow."
It was an amazing thing.
The world was still spinning even without people.
Kiri: "......uwwaa."
It was overpowering.
Without words, the three of us were enchanted by that scene.
At long last,
Miki: "......aha."
A crazy voice, as if laughing---
Miki: "Aha, hahahahahaha!"
She was crying.
She pulled our arms closer.
Miki: "Ahahahaa, *sob* aha!......Ahaaa......uu! Uu! Uu! Uu......"
Kiri: "Miki, what's wrong?"
Miki: "It's beautiful......isn't it?......It's beau...... uwaaaa......"
Taichi: "......Miki."
We didn't know the reason why Miki was crying.
We could only feel bad.
Miki: "It's beautiful! Beauti......haha! *sob* ha............"
The image of the afterglow disappeared behind the curve of the Earth, sent off by a tearful voice.
Miki: "Uwaaaaaaa---"
She was sobbing convulsively.
Kiri: "Are you okay?"
Miki: "......nn......I'm fine......"
Kiri's handkerchief wiped away Miki's tears.
They drew close to one another.
I couldn't get between them.
I walked ahead of them with the flashlight.
Why did Miki want to come here?
Why all three of us?
Why did she cry?
......there's no doubt that there's a lot going on with Miki.
Well, it's all within her own privacy.
That's right, the hokora was near here.
I guess I'll take a look.
Taichi: "Kiri, I'm going to take a bit of a detour......"
I handed her the flashlight.
Taichi: "See you later."
Kiri: "Eh?......Ah, wait."
Miki: "Ah, that way is......it's dange......"
And then I,
Taichi: "I finally came."
I showed my deep emotion using a word with no "ra".
Taichi: "Gyaaa."
My legs bent. I turned upside down.
I quickly extended the Lupin wire on my belt and wrapped it around a branch......it'd look cool if I could do that, but I just fell over normally.
It's best to fall right over in these situations.
Passively.
Taichi: "......nn?"
I looked closely at the ground.
Footprints.
There were several belts of footprints overlapping as they neared the hokora.
This is what happens when you come back and forth to the same place dozens of times.
I tried investigating the shoeprints themselves.
The size is at least twenty-seven.
The same as mine.
Probably the same maker.
Taichi: "............"
The same shoes as me.
Not Tomoki's shoes.
Not Sakuraba's.
There shouldn't be a girl with size twenty-sevens.
I have a general grasp on everyone's bodily data, so there's no mistaking it.
Either I've lost part of my memory, or someone used my shoes to make these.
But, what am I supposed to do at the hokora?
At the moment I tried to absorb myself in thought---
Taichi: "......!"
I smelled blood.
A faint ferrous odor.
It pulled me closer, and I parted the undergrowth.
It signaled danger.
I pulled out a knife from the Taichi Bag.
A large Chris Reeve knife.
It's nearly a short sword.
Of course, possession is a crime,
But the concept of crime was gone.
I was also prohibited from owning one.
But,
Although I won't admit it, I need this in order to protect myself.
Because I know the terror of being continuously attacked by people.
I cleared my ears.
I sharpened my senses.
I walked slowly.
I could only search via the feeling that something was wrong.
There it was.
The incongruity won't escape my eyes.
I took a prudent detour and closed in on the base of the tree.
......a bow trap?
It used a small crossbow.
It'll trigger if I try to go in deeper.
It hasn't triggered yet.
I could only think of one person who might do this.
I severed the wire and removed the crossbow bolt.
It had been concealed quite carefully.
It was set up in a great location.
Right in front of the pedestal, where I could barely see it.
Lowering my guard here would equal death.
Traps which insidiously desired certainty.
Why don't we confirm what's inside, Youko-sensei?
I continued a little further, and there was another wire trap set up.
It was a snare. If my leg was caught, a rock would fall from above.
Destruction.
The danger signal weakened.
Does that mean there aren't any more?
Even so, I continued on cautiously.
When I passed the last patch of grass, I saw Youko-chan's body, and that someone had tried to hide her.
Taichi: "........................"
How should I describe this emotion?
It's different from astonishment.
It's different from rage.
It's not sadness or sorrow.
An indescribable torrent.
Swirling around inside me.
Youko-chan...died.
Blood had spread out from the core of her chest.
Old blood.
It had hardened, changed color and was now black.
I touched it. It was cold.
A few days after her death. She'd stiffened up.
But there was no sign of decomposition.
That's also strange, but......well, I'll leave that aside.
Taichi: "......Youko-chan...did you die?"
I started talking to the beautiful corpse.
Even though she should have been the farthest from death.
I straightened her hair.
Taichi: "You were careless, weren't you?"
However, there was no answer.
When I talked to her, she rejoiced like a small animal.
Even though I'd been hardhearted to her.
Like a small rabbit.
......she really could have been a lion or a wolf.
Taichi: "I'm surprised."
My vision became blurred.
Taichi: "......nn?"
When I tried touching the corner of my eye,
Tears,
In large quantities.
It's not sadness.
My facial muscles had just tightened up, squeezing out tears.
Without stopping.
Taichi: "Uwa, amazing......they're pouring out."
It's mysterious.
My physical body might be grieving.
My heart......
Aaah.
Half of me had died.
Kiri: "......Sempai......you......"
Kiri!!
Miki: "......"
Miki too.
I quickly......no, there was no point to hiding the knife now.
They'd already seen it.
And......probably misunderstood.
Kiri: "You were......a murderer......after all......"
After all.
Kiri: "Did you kill her?"
Taichi: "......I didn't."
Kiri: "But, aren't you holding a knife......?"
Taichi: "I was just holding it because I was entering the undergrowth."
Taichi: "Come on, look at her wound. It's from an arrow."
Kiri: "......I'm not coming......over there."
They're surrounding me at a distance.
Kiri had been gazing at me.
It seems she doesn't want to let her guard down.
Kiri: "......even though, not long ago......you were laughing and talking with us......you can do such things so coldly......"
She spat out.
Kiri: "Why is that!?"
Miki: "............Sempai."
Miki's also receiving a shock.
The face of one who's taking something regretful to heart.
Kiri: "Let's go, Miki."
Miki: "Ah, yes......"
They both pulled back.
Leaving me behind.
Taichi: "But I didn't do it."
I don't even care anymore.
Youko-chan died.
Unexpectedly, it seems that I've received an impact.
My thoughts were vague, and wouldn't regain their clarity.
That was my lamentation for her.
A few hours later, I returned home.
Tomoki had left a delivery of food in front of my house.
Taichi: "......"
I decided to cremate Youko-chan.
Since she won't decompose, that was the only choice.
Then, I buried her.
I didn't prepare a grave.
Because death is nothingness.
seems more like a statement to me.
If our positions had been reversed, what would she have done?
What if I'd been killed by someone?
Taichi: "......"
Obviously she'd find the culprit and murder them.
She might kill everyone.
But......I can't go that far for her sake.
Because, what I aim to be......isn't a demon of revenge.
My heart is still murmuring.
Yes, I'll write my diary.
At my desk,
Taichi: "Nn?"
I heard a noise outside.
I blew out the candle,
Moved to the window,
And looked outside.
Someone was walking down the street in front of my house.
......Kiri.
She was carrying something.
Well, it's not something I should take part in.
I returned to my desk.
I picked up my pen.
I think I was the first to talk to Miki.
She was a lovely little lamb chased out of her original school and brought to Gunjou.
The first day.
She didn't bring anything which could be called lunch......I think.
I got that information via Miyuki, who'd become Miki's classmate, and immediately went in search of her.
In order to set up a coincidental meeting.
In front of the main gate, closed so as to not cause trouble for the neighbors.
Miki had been standing there at her wit's end.
Taichi: "Hiiii!"
Miki: "......eh?"
Taichi: "You're rather cute. What's wrong? Something seems to be troubling you."
Opening relations.
Miki: "Uh, umm......no......"
Taichi: "What is it? If there's something you don't understand, just ask the Gunjou Thesaurus, Kurosu-kun. I'll teach you lots of synonyms. Though I don't know what any of them mean."
Opening relations.
Miki: "Umm......then just this one."
Taichi: "Okay."
Miki: "Why are you wearing a gas mask?"
Taichi: "It's fashion!"
For some reason, I don't want to show my face.
It seems to be a kind of dysmorphic complex.
Miki: "Your hair is white."
Taichi: "It's dyed."
*shukou* *shukou*
Taichi: "More importantly, isn't there something else you should be more concerned about?"
Miki: "The gate's closed......so I can't go buy lunch..."
Taichi: "Hmph. What did your previous school do?"
Miki: "They provided lunches for us."
Taichi: "Cinderella girl, I feel sorry for you, but this gate won't open."
Taichi: "Students may not go outside during working hours."
Miki: "Eh......but......when I went to the cafeteria everything was sold out."
Taichi: "Because everyone has strong instincts. Victory to the speedy."
Miki: "......I see......thank you."
She returned to the school building.
Taichi: "Wait right there."
*shukou* *shukou*
Taichi: "I have bread here that's delicious despite a slightly suspicious expiration date. How about it? Will you eat with me?"
Miki's face showed that she was more puzzled than bothered.
Miki: "......no, that's too much."
Taichi: "Don't hold back. There's no need to."
Miki: "I can't accept an invitation from someone I just met......umm, really, it's fine......thank you."
Taichi: "Well...well won't skipping lunch make the afternoon unpleasant?"
Miki: "I'm sorry."
A clear rejection.
Taichi: "......okay. Then I'll do this. I'll give you food so please give me something in return."
Miki: "............"
She looked to me as if she was thinking about how to run away.
She gave up, and said,
Miki: "Something in return?"
Taichi: "Yes. Your panties."
She walked away.
Taichi: "It was a joke!"
Miki: "Umm......are you toying with me by any chance?"
Taichi: "I want you to toy with me."
Miki: "I feel like I'm being made fun of......"
Taichi: "It's okay. I'm also an idiot."
*shukou* *shukou*
Miki: "......I don't feel like giving someone else my panties."
Taichi: "Then what may I take from you?"
Miki: "Would you be okay with anything?"
Taichi: "Yes."
My eyes shone aggressively.
Miki: "Such as letting me use you for whatever I want for the rest of your life?"
Taichi: "A love slave? That is something I would wish for."
She was shocked.
Miki: "Forget that one. Instead, I'll have you walk on four legs like a dog and......kya!!?"
I was completely a dog from the moment she said 『a dog』.
Taichi: "Woof!"
Miki: "......wait, not that either! Uhhh, uhhh......"
She seemed to want to throw some unreasonable demand on me.
She doesn't understand.
Stuff like this only brings me joy.
Confidence returned to Miki's face.
Miki: "Then please take off that gas mask."
Taichi: "This thing?......Hmmm."
That's a problem.
My first impression is quite off-putting.
But I have no choice.
I took off the mask.
Taichi: "......hoi."
Miki: "........................"
Taichi: "The unfiltered air is delicious."
Miki: "That white hair goes down to the roots."
Taichi: "Yes it does."
Miki: "Your eyes......do you have contacts?"
Taichi: "Because of a physical defect, my irises are a little different from those of normal people."
Taichi: "......can you see them shine at the right angle?"
Miki: "Yeah......"
She was a little afraid.
Eyes hold emotion.
Unlike other people's, mine looked unsettling.
Taichi: "......it is a bit disgusting. I'm sorry."
Miki: "No, not really......"
Taichi: "I've suffered a lot because of these."
An intimate atmosphere.
Taichi: "But if I ate lunch with a beautiful girl, I'm sure this wound would be healed."
As I said that, I crouched down and peeked into her mini-skirt from below.
Miki: "Kyaaa!!?"
Taichi: "Damn! You're fast."
Miki: "Wh-what are you......doing......?"
Taichi: "I'm a pedantic man known as the English-Japanese dictionary of Gunjou Institute."
Taichi: "I'm just a little erotic so I have wounded balls."
Miki: "............"
At long last,
Miki: "Pu!"
She laughed softly.
Miki: "......you're a weird person."
Taichi: "That's an accurate assessment. Now what will you do? Panties? Or lunch?"
Miki: "Which means......I'm being hit on? Is that what's happening here?"
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Miki: "That's the first time it's happened to me."
Taichi: "I guess it would be for you......you could say you were within my shooting range since the age of five."
'Shooting range' sounds strange in this context, perhaps something like 'target area'?
Miki: "So you're a pervert."
Taichi: "That I am."
Taichi: "So, how about it? Lunch?"
Miki: "......theeen please hop that fence and buy a lunch from that delicious bakery. Then I'll have it with you."
Taichi: "Sounds good."
I climbed up the gate.
A few meters.
The guards immediately made noise.
But, I climb gates quickly. Landing.
Miki: "Ii!!?"
To Tasaki Shop.
Buy it,
Return.
A number of guards were running around the suburbs in search of me.
I broke through them and climbed over the gate once more.
The guards with inferior maneuverability had no choice but to open the gate.
With them in the corner of my eye, I searched for Miki.
......she's not here.
Did she return to the classroom?
I dashed to the first year classroom.
Taichi: "How's that? I went and bought it!"
Kiri: "This one's delicious too."
Miki: "......thank youuu."
Taichi: "Daaaaaaaaa!!!"
She'd been eating.
Miki: "Ah......it's the pervert-san from before."
Kiri: "......mu, it's that pervert..."
Taichi: "Hey now,"
Miki: "I didn't think you'd really go buy it......"
Taichi: "Serious jokes are my motto."
Kiri stood in front of Miki to defend her.
Kiri: "Are you going to flip her skirt, Sempai?"
Taichi: "Mu......it's that kicking girl......I only wanted to treat that girl there to lunch."
Kiri: "She doesn't need it anymore."
Taichi: "Whaaat?"
Kiri: "I'm looking after her. This has nothing to do with Sempai."
Ku, throwing around the name of justice to exercise your full power......are you America!?
Miki: "Ah, I'm already full."
Taichi: "Eeeeeh!!?"
Miki: "......I'm sorry."
Kiri: "That's okay, you don't have to apologize to this person."
Miki: "Eeeh? But......"
Kiri: "He's the worst one in this school."
Taichi: "......hey, hey, you're overstereotyping."
I'm not particularly bad.
There are plenty of things I could do if I wanted to, but don't, and I don't try to get close to people by acting cool.
I'm always at full power.
Taichi: "......"
Though acting cool gets more girls.
......failure.
Taichi: "Then what will you do with this bread?"
Miki: "......shall I buy it from you?"
Kiri: "Uwa, you're the worst."
Taichi: "Ku......even though I'm the one who spoke to you first..."
Taichi: "Now that it's come to this, I'll eat here by force!"
I adhered to the two of them and sat down.
Kiri: "Wh-what are you doing!?"
Miki: "Kya! Wait."
Taichi: "Aaah, delicious, delicious. Meat is delicious right before it rots, and so is bread!"
Kiri: "Please go somewhere else!"
Miki: "Kya, wait, ahaha......that's not good."
A forced smile.
But she didn't seem to dislike it that much.
Taichi: "Tasty, so tasty! Ah, this part looks good!"
Kiri: "Heeey! That's my bentou!"
Taichi: "What are you-!?"
Begin argument.
Miki: "Ahahahaha......what is this?"
While we warred with words, Miki watched with a complex expression.
The work continued.
Miki and Kiri don't appear much.
......I guess that's natural.
In fact, I'm abnormal for coming to school regularly.
But, what happened to Sempai?
It was lunchtime.
For food......I'd brought cup ramen from Tomoki's delivery.
I boiled water on the roof and opened the cup.
......somehow, this was different from the club activities I'd imagined.
I'd forgotten.
Humanity was already long gone.
A world of just us eight. No, now only seven.
A lamplight before the wind.
I poured the hot water into the cup ramen.
I ate.
Misato: "......aaah, Peke-kun."
Sempai had come.
Taichi: "Good morning. You're late."
Misato: "Yes......"
She's depressed.
Her glasses were hazy.
Taichi: "There was a shocking occurrence."
Misato: "Yes, very."
She sat down near me and looked up absent-mindedly at the sky.
Taichi: "......you'll feel better if you talk about it."
Misato: "I...had a fight with Tomoki."
Taichi: "Haa, with Tomoki? I do that a lot."
Sempai smiled as if tired.
Misato: "Not that kind of fighting. Something different."
Taichi: "Is that what they call 'complex family circumstances?' Do you want a bite of this?"
Sempai shook her head weakly.
Misato: "......we have no other siblings, but......we just can't get along well."
Taichi: "Tomoki is also quite obstinate."
Misato: "The cause......lies with me."
She silently urged.
Misato: "Because I'm such a chatterbox."
Taichi: "Are you now?"
Misato: "......I was wrong."
She scorned herself, and played with her hair.
Taichi: "Then, you're the same as me."
Misato: "......is that so?"
Taichi: "I'm also very bad. That's why I'm here."
Misato: "......huhu, then you'll be suspended."
Taichi: "Together with Sempai."
Misato: "Then why don't we both get suspended and go do bad things?"
Sempai smiled like a baby.
Taichi: "Thaaat sounds niiice, baaad thiiings."
The iron door opened with a shrill noise.
Kiri: "Sempai, stay away from him!!"
Kiri was armed.
That's definitely no water pistol.
Misato: "......poeh?"
Kiri: "Miyasumi-sempai, please get away from that guy right now!"
Misato: "Eh? That guy?......Peke-kun? You can't...address an upperclassman that way......you'll be suspended."
Kiri: "He's dangerous, hurry up!"
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "That water gun......is that a water bow gun?"
Taichi: "That's the real thing."
Misato: *sigh*
She swooned.
Taichi: "Fast."
Taichi: "It's your fault you know."
Kiri: "......Kurosu Taichi!"
Kiri set her sights on me.
Taichi: "What's wrong? You're being spontaneous again."
Kiri: "......you killed Kirihara-sempai too!"
Taichi: "!?"
Touko...?
Taichi: "Hey, that's......"
Kiri: "I went to see her, and she'd died......you killed her!"
Taichi: "I know nothing about that! Are you serious? Did Touko really die?"
Kiri: "Hasekura-sempai, Kirihara-sempai......who's next?"
Taichi: "What were the circumstances of her death?"
Kiri: "......you already know that."
Taichi: "What wounds? What place?"
Kiri: "In Kirihara-sempai's home. In her own room."
Kiri: "There was one blade sticking out of her chest......"
Kiri: "You are obviously the culprit."
What a simpleton---
Youko-chan's death and my existence had confused Kiri.
She was too excitable.
Persuasion would be meaningless.
......crossbows are weak as threats.
Because they can't fire more than once.
If you miss, it's over.
It's not that easy to hit a running person.
It would be simple to seize Kiri, but...
Taichi: "There's no other choice......"
This is no way to die.
I concentrated on my lower limbs, intending to invite a misfire from Kiri.
Miki: "Kiri-chin, don't do this!"
Miki grabbed her from behind.
Kiri: "......ah."
The arrow flew.
Taichi: "-!?"
The arrow grazed by, thirty centimeters to my side.
Behind me, it stuck into the wall of the prefab tool shed, its tail shaking.
Miki: "You mustn't do that."
Kiri: "But!"
Taichi: "......Miki, thank you for saving me, but you could have been a bit more cautious......"
Miki: "Ah, I'm sorry."
Kiri: "Don't come any closer!"
I walked up and grabbed Kiri's shirt at the chest.
Taichi: "I won't do anything!"
Taichi: "......though I do want to send you flying."
I threw her back.
Kiri fell down on her rear.
Kiri: "......murderer!"
Taichi: "Aan?"
Miki: "Stop this, both of you, smile."
Kiri: "Murderer! Who are you going to kill next!?"
Taichi: "......hey, Kiri, you......you come out at bad times. In the first place, I only just learned that Touko died. Why am I automatically the one that did it?"
Kiri: "......who else would do it!?"
Taichi: "......you're the one who found her, so...?"
Kiri raised her eyebrows in anger.
Kiri: "There's no way I'd kill her......the only one who could do that is a lunatic like you!"
Kiri: "Die, just die! If you want to kill that badly then kill yourself! Lunatic! Go to hell! There's only eight people......in this world......what are you doing!!?"
Kiri: "Die, die already! Murderer! ......inhuman!"
Noises I couldn't stand to hear.
They invite discouragement.
Taichi: "......not beautiful."
If the usual Kiri was a rusted knife,
This is......right now, an uncouth log.
No precision.
No delicacy.
Kiri, since when were you such an unsalvageable person?
Taichi: "............"
Doesn't it make you lose interest?
Kiri: "......those eyes......those aren't the eyes of a human."
She's talking about my eyes.
Is this an attack?
It's an attack.
Is it okay for me to flip the switch?
Isn't it okay?
......for an enemy.
I looked at Kiri.
Why don't I eliminate you?---
Kiri: "Hii......"
It seems she 『read』 me. She has good eyes.
She turned pale in an instant.
Humans die so easily.
There's no need to stab them.
Especially when they have such slender necks---
Miki: "Okay, okaaay, that's enouuugh! Graaab!!"
Miki flipped Kiri's skirt.
Kiri: "Kyaaaaa!!!"
Taichi: "......oh."
Passions awakening.
Taichi: "Stripes!"
With the proud face of having just predicted the path of the ball, I screamed.
Taichi: "Batter Ou-!!!"
Taichi: "Fuu, your underwear was striped after all."
Miki: "Aaah, he's back, he's back, yaaay."
Kiri: "......wait......what...don't do that so shamelessly......idiot."
Miki: "But...Sempai had started to get angry, and Kiri-chin was being strange."
Miki: "All I did was stop you."
Taichi: "Ha, I'll be going. I'll try investigating a little at the scene of Touko's death."
Miki: "Okay, I'll take care of the striped-panty girl."
Taichi: "I leave her in your hands."
I left the roof.
Touko's house.
No......her mansion.
When I entered her mansion, the darkness was unbroken.
The windows were shut tight.
I took out a flashlight and headed for Touko's room.
I came here a number of times a long time ago.
I was almost introduced to her father.
......though I ran away.
The second floor.
I confirmed each of the rooms one by one.
I'm sure it was around here......
Then, when I opened one of the countless doors,
Light poured in.
Taichi: "........................"
The window was open all the way.
The wind came in softly, revolved around the room and left.
So that's why...
There's no smell.
Taichi: "......Touko."
There was a blade in her chest.
I see, that's definitely a murder victim.
That blade is probably something that came from this mansion.
It was a decorative short sword with a gaudily engraved handle.
There was blood.
It had poured from her chest onto the sheets, and changed to a reddish black color.
However,
It was a beautiful body.
I felt that it was a noble corpse, befitting of Touko.
Taichi: "............"
I stayed there for a while.
Had time itself been shot through, along with my heart?
It was almost as if Touko had stopped.
If I pulled out the short sword, she might wake up right now and impolitely revile me.
That's how I felt.
......who'd killed her?
Unfortunately, the suspects can be counted on one hand.
Kiri.
Miki.
Tomoki.
Sakuraba.
Mimi-sempai.
If there were any other humans hiding somewhere, it'd be different, but that's everyone.
First, Kiri.
I don't think it's her.
She was the first to find it, but,
It's hard to think she did it.
Kiri's anger was the real thing, and her confusion was also the truth.
Miki.
There's a possibility.
But I don't know what her motive would be.
At this point alibis are meaningless, since I have no way of knowing for certain what Miki was doing where and when.
I feel sorry for her, but she's Suspect #1.
Tomoki.
He's Suspect #2.
Again the motive is unclear.
Sakuraba.
Suspect #3. Same as above.
Mimi-sempai.
Suspect #4. Same as above.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
There aren't that many clues.
I'm not seeing any likely people or motives.
There's not even a guarantee that the person who killed Youko-chan is the same as the one who killed Touko.
......being a detective is hard.
Around the front gate, I found Suspect #2.
I began Surprise Attack Questioning.
Taichi: "Your age?"
Tomoki: "......I can't say."
Just what I'd expect from Tomoki.
He seemed unfazed by my surprise attack.
Taichi: "You say you can't tell me your age? Why not?"
Tomoki: "I can't say the reason."
Taichi: "You can't say the reason?"
Tomoki: "Yes......I'm sorry."
Taichi: "I'll change my question. Are you older, or younger than twenty?"
Tomoki: "Younger?"
Taichi: "Are you younger than eighteen?"
Tomoki: "I can't say."
Taichi: "Hmmm. Are you seventeen?"
Tomoki: "I absolutely can't say."
Taichi: "Aren't you a high school student?"
Tomoki: "......no such thing exists in this world."
Taichi: "Which is wrong: girl high student, or girl school student?"
Tomoki: "I've heard they're both wrong."
Taichi: "Might you know of something called the student handbook?"
Tomoki: "......no such thing exists in this world."
Taichi: "Your age?"
Tomoki: "Pubescent."
Taichi: "......I can't even confirm your age."
Tomoki: "What am I supposed to do about it?"
Questioning is hopeless. This can't be done.
Taichi: "So, what's up?"
Tomoki: "......nothing really. I just thought I'd go home."
Taichi: "Weren't you just standing here? You seemed to be receiving some telepathic message."
Tomoki: "......I'm going home. I was trying to go home."
Tomoki left simmering.
Taichi: "What's with him?"
My eyes followed him from the place he'd been standing.
The roof.
The antenna.
And then,
Mimi-sempai---
She seemed to be clinging to the fence as she gazed at the town.
After a while, she moved away and disappeared beside the antenna.
Taichi: "?"
Those two were fighting, weren't they?
It was hard to think they could kill someone while that was going on.
Miki came out of the bathroom.
Miki: "Ah, Sempaaai."
Taichi: "Yo! Suspect #2."
Miki: "......EH?"
Taichi: "Your age?"
Miki: "I can't say."
Taichi: "You say you can't tell me your age? Why not?"
Miki: "I can't say the reason."
Taichi: "Hmph. Then I'll change my question. Are you older, or younger than twenty?"
Miki: "I'm younger."
Taichi: "Are you younger than eighteen?"
Miki: "I've been told I look about fifteen on the outside."
Taichi: "Who told you to say something subjective?"
Miki: "Yes, I'm sorry."
Taichi: "Are you younger than eighteen?"
Miki: "I have no choice. I'll tell you the truth......uu! My stomach suddenly hurts."
Taichi: "Shit! What horrible timing!"
Taichi: "Please tell me in your final moments. Are you not a high school student who's either a girl high student or girl school student with a school notebook?"
Miki: "Those four phrases don't exist in this world."
Taichi: "I see......then, will you tell me your age?"
Miki: "Ten thousand and fifteen."
Taichi: "Are you a tree?"
Kiri came out of the bathroom.
Kiri: "Kurosu Taichi!"
She immediately turned up her eyes.
Kiri: "Miki, you mustn't talk to that person!"
Miki: "Eeeh? But...?"
Kiri: "Because he's dangerous."
Taichi: "Are you still saying such things?"
Taichi: "I saw Touko. She definitely died."
Kiri: "......shameless."
Taichi: "A friend of yours died. Shouldn't you have wanted to hold her in your arms before considering revenge?"
Kiri: "That......g-goes without saying......"
......though that wasn't something I should be saying.
Miki: "So then, the culprit is......"
Taichi: "All of us are suspects."
Miki: "......what should we do?"
Taichi: "Isn't it best for all of us to be in one place?"
Kiri: "No!"
Taichi: "......I thought so."
Kiri: "I'll be with Miki! You can go do whatever you want by yourself. After all......you are the culprit."
Taichi: "......you can stop that now."
Kiri: "Please don't come near Miki."
Taichi: "......nnn."
Taichi: "Why must you promise Kiri so much?"
Miki: "Aaah, not agaaain......"
Taichi: "I'll talk to whoever I want to. How the person reacts is up to them."
Kiri: "......don't talk to Miki."
Taichi: "Is that something for Kiri to decide?"
Kiri: "Yes, because......Miki is my first close friend."
Kiri: "......I won't allow anyone to be victimized in front of me."
Taichi: "I'm telling you I won't eat her."
Kiri: "I've always...been harassed......because of that exam score......"
She teared up.
Uhee......
I was disappointed.
Taichi: "You're making that my fault......?"
Kiri: "That's why......I'm going to......I'm going to protect my friend!"
Taichi: "......'kay."
Kiri's beyond help.
In many ways.
Miki: "Kiri-chin, it's all right. You're making everything out to be Sempai's fault, but what if the culprit turns out to be someone else?"
Kiri: "......that won't happen."
Miki: "Can you just decide that?"
Taichi: "You can't, right?"
Miki: "Riiight?"
Miki and I go well together.
Taichi: "For now, I'll act on the theory that it's Sakuraba or Tomoki."
Miki: "Male friendship is great."
Taichi: "Doesn't that compliment just embarrass me?"
Taichi: "......b-but if Mimi-sempai did it......she'd have to atone for her s-s-s-sins. With that sinful body."
Miki: "Kyan♪"
Kiri: "......stop it......"
Taichi: "You be careful as well. If one of you did it......appropriate erotic things will happen."
I smoked a fictional cigar.
Kiri: "Stop that!!"
Taichi: "......eh?"
Kiri: "Why do you keep acting so friendly!!!?"
*silence*......
Kiri: "Even though-! Even though you're dangerous!!"
Miki: "No......Kiri-chin, you don't have to be that wary of him..."
Taichi: "I got the feeling I shouldn't be alive......"
Miki: "Kiricchi said too much."
Kiri: "Miki, you're naive. This person is the type who'd kill his own sister."
Miki: "That's......what is that?"
Taichi: "It wasn't me. She'd already died."
Taichi: "Besides, that wasn't even a knife wound."
Kiri: "How would we know that?"
I sighed as if vomiting.
Taichi: "Haa. Miki, save me......"
Miki: "Kiri-chin's wrong."
*slap*
Kiri: "Why......I'm...for Miki......"
Miki: "If you keep saying those things...we're through."
Kiri: "Miki......"
Taichi: "You don't have to go that far."
Miki: "After all, I'm not Kiri-chin's doll."
Miki: "......isn't Sempai the one respecting me more right now?"
Kiri: "!?"
Ah, that one hit home.
Miki: "You have to respect your friends. Why are you trying to spread the seeds of conflict now of all times?"
Kiri: "But...but!"
Miki: "Come on, apologize to Sempai."
Kiri gritted her teeth.
She seemed considerably vexed.
She looked up sharply at me.
Kiri: "......who would do such a thing to you!!!?"
Miki: "Hey!!"
Kiri spun on her heels and ran away.
Miki: "Uwa, she fled......"
Taichi: "She's a good runner."
We both gazed at Kiri's disappearing back.
Taichi: "......by the way, Miki-pon."
Miki: "I am Miki-pon. What is it?"
Taichi: "......did you...get taller?"
Miki: "Did I? If so, I can't see it."
Of course not.
Taichi: "Oh, what's this? Looking closely, your chest has......"
Miki: "You can't do that. Don't touch a dancing girl."
She guarded her chest with both hands.
Taichi: "Damn!"
Well, whatever.
Taichi: "And while we were doing that, it became evening."
Miki: "......I guess we'll go home. Kiricchi already left by herself."
Taichi: "Please go talk to her again later. There's nothing I can do......"
Miki: "Okaaay."
Miki is strong.
I didn't think she was the type to remain calm at times like these.
It seems a human's true value shows in a time of crisis.
Taichi: "Now then,"
I lit the candle.
While writing in my diary, I looked back a day.
Youko-chan died yesterday.
And today, Touko died.
Someone killed them.
It's unclear who.
I don't think it was Kiri.
Which means......not counting me, there are four left.
And one of them killed their friends.
Taichi: "......this is heavy."
But I don't know.
I can't come up with anything.
......what goal did the culprit fulfill by murdering those two?
Youko-chan.
Shot by an arrow.
Which means she got caught in one of those traps.
Even she makes a mistake once in a hundred times.
So whoever set up that trap killed Youko-chan.
I don't know whether Youko-chan was targeted, or if she just jumped into it.
Touko.
Stabbed by a short sword.
There were no signs of resistance.
She'd died as if sleeping.
Taichi: "......"
The footprints in front of the hokora.
My shoes.
But I have no memory of loitering in front of the hokora.
It's not memory loss.
Someone wore my shoes and loitered there.
Or perhaps someone with the same shoes?
Horrific thoughts passed by me.
What if I lost my rationality?
What if my aggressiveness was turned toward others?
......then I wouldn't need a motive, would I?
Come to think of it, are any of those four suspects able to make a trap that could deceive Youko-chan?
Is there someone who's been hiding their skills?
That's the most plausible profile.
......that's me.
1. Sleepwalking
2. Multiple Personalities
Since the traps were set up so precisely, I know it's not 1.
Could it be a 2 maintaining a calm enough intellect to make that kind of trap?
Could I actually have multiple personalities?
It would certainly explain why I don't remember it.
However......that's awfully hackneyed.
It'd be better if there were two of me.
Taichi: "......I don't know."
The diaries tied to 『unclear details at the present time.』
Taichi: "Nn?"
The candle suddenly went out.
There were light footsteps outside.
I stuck my head out the window.
......it's Kiri.
Walking down an empty street.
I saw her yesterday too.
Suspicious behavior.
I'd crossed Kiri off my list of suspects because of her hatred towards my realistic acting, but......
Okay, I'll follow her.
On the way, I borrowed a bicycle.
Efficient pursuit.
At long last, Kiri entered a meadow facing a grove of trees.
I can't use the bicycle any more since it would stand out.
I lowered my body and silently snuck toward her.
Kiri took that out of her belongings.
A crossbow---
It definitely wasn't a toy.
Out of everything you could get in this country, it was a weapon of unparalleled strength.
Though it can't fire repeatedly.
It excels in silence, and abounds in destructive power.
Kiri pulled the trigger.
An arrow pierced a rotted tree.
The sound of air moving was left in my ears.
Kiri readied a new arrow.
She finished loading it with the cocking device.
Awkward.
But, I knew.
This is training.
To fight.
But, with who?
With......who......?
It was as if a dark aura was coming from Kiri.
Eyes that had lost emotion.
Mechanical movements.
Whether it hit or missed, her expression remained unchanged.
Kiri: 『Why do you keep acting so friendly!!!?』
PCP_S ccc4015
Kiri: 『......who would do such a thing to you!!!?』
Kiri: 『Murderer! Who are you going to kill next!?』
There are still many mysteries surrounding Touko and Youko-chan's cases.
But,
I understand Kiri's motives all too well.
She continued that training for an hour.
She must have been worn out, since she gathered her things slowly before heading back.
I walked across the plain and examined the targeted tree.
I returned home.
I was tired......
Sakuraba was there.
Taichi: "......hey."
I kicked his butt.
Sakuraba: "Oooh, Taichi."
Sakuraba had been eating cucumbers.
Cucumbers from Tomoki's delivery.
Taichi: "And?"
Sakuraba: "Please listen."
Taichi: "What is it?"
Sakuraba: "I've grown bored of curry bread."
Taichi: "......you know..."
Sakuraba: "So I tried coming to your house, since I thought there might be cucumbers."
Taichi: "Why did you come to my house?"
Sakuraba: "I told Tomoki I didn't need food."
Taichi: "Wh-why?"
Sakuraba: "Because I had curry bread."
What a limited life.
Taichi: "That aside, what's with the super-huge baggage?"
Sakuraba: "Aaah. I'm going on a journey."
Taichi: "........................say what?"
Sakuraba: "A journey."
Taichi: "You......in this situation......you're going to go traveling?"
Sakuraba: "That's right. Journeys are good."
Sakuraba spoke vacantly.
Sakuraba: "Don't you think journeys are needed in this day and age?"
Taichi: "I think staying in place would be......"
Sakuraba: "That's backward thinking."
Taichi: "I-is it!?"
He's...he's going on a journey.
I started thinking of Sakuraba as a winner of some kind.
Sakuraba: "So, I'd like to split your food."
Taichi: "......well, I don't really mind."
The two of us sorted out the food in the Tomoki Box (the cardboard box he delivered).
Taichi: "So, where are you going?"
Sakuraba: "I haven't decided. I'll think about it when I reach the neighboring town."
Sakuraba: "Besides, I might find some people there."
Taichi: "......hmmm."
So it's not that he isn't thinking about it.
Taichi: "Bring a handy (wireless) with you. It doesn't seem like anyone's broadcasting, but we can probably stay connected."
Sakuraba: "Yeah, I have one."
Taichi: "It's SSB, right? We're borrowing a transoceanic antenna, so wait a bit."
Assuming you're still not sure: Single-Sideband. It gets more range and less power usage but generally more expensive.-Spin 
Sakuraba: "Sorry."
I have some slight knowledge about watches.
A super-long range communications antenna made of chopsticks and nichrome wire.
I'd brought one.
Taichi: "Here."
Sakuraba: "Aaah, thanks. With this I can talk to foreigners."
Taichi: "Hahaha, if you speak their language. Unfortunately, Sakuraba, with your knowledge---"
Sakuraba: "Could you pay me back the shipping charge? (onegaishimasu, hempin no souryou wo harattekudasai)"
Taichi: "......EH?"
Sakuraba: "What a fiasco it is! (sore wa nanto hidoi jiken nano deshou)"
Taichi: "......SERIOUSLY?"
No, isn't this English?
Sakuraba: "Well, if they know English it'll work out."
Sakuraba: "......I lived in America a long time ago, so I can speak a little."
What!?
This guy......he couldn't have been......a casual bilingual.
Sakuraba: "If they're Russian, I'll leave them to you."
Taichi: "Ah, yeah, Russian is actually a strong suit of mine!"
Sakuraba: "It is?"
Taichi: "Ha, hahaha, well good luck, wait, when will you come back?"
Sakuraba: "When I want to come back."
I see.
Sakuraba: "Also, I borrowed some money from you, didn't I?"
Taichi: "Yeah, a little."
Sakuraba: "How much was it?"
Even though there's no longer any meaning in money.
Strange guy.
Taichi: "Well...I don't remember the amount..."
Sakuraba: "For now, I'll hand you my pocket change."
He took out his wallet.
I received it.
I heard a cha-ching noise.
Taichi: "Haha, even casual bilinguals are poor at times."
Sakuraba smiled calmly.
Sakuraba: "Well yeah. Being rich is like that."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Sakuraba: "Hahaha!"
Matches voices.
We laughed together.
We crossed our arms.
Our friendship deepened.
Taichi: "Okay, okay, how much is in here?"
I opened his wallet.
As I feared, there was no paper money.
Inside were fifteen coins, each a hundred thousand yen.
Taichi: "Mister yen!!"
Swoon.
Sakuraba: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!"
I writhed around like a caterpillar.
What's with this wallet!!?
I've never seen something so amazing!!
On closer inspection, it wasn't just hundred thousand yen coins.
Hundred thousand yen gold coin in memorial of the Shouwa emperor who reigned for sixty years X 8
Hundred thousand yen gold coin in memorial of the emperor's accession to the throne X 7
Fifty thousand yen gold coin in memorial of his highness the crown prince's wedding X 2
Five thousand yen coin depicting the International Garden and Greenery Exposition X 4
Five thousand yen silver coin depicting the crown prince's wedding X 3
And that's not all.
Taichi: "Are you a moron!?"
Sakuraba: "I couldn't really use these for buying stuff."
Taichi: "Of course not!"
This guy......flashing such huge sums around......
For the Sakurabas......could a hundred thousand yen possibly......not be that big......not be that big......? (Echo)
Taichi: "Ha!?"
Before humanity's annihilation, if I'd pestered him just once during the time when money held meaning...
Taichi: "Ou-ou-ou-ou!"
Sakuraba: "Why do you cry?"
Taichi: "OOOOOoooo!!"
God is being allowed to torture us!
I was filled with regret.
Sakuraba: "Please use that to pay off whatever was left."
He took a wooden box out of his baggage.
Inside was an out-of-date Shan Shui.
Taichi: "What's this?"
Sakuraba: "I chose something fittingly expensive-looking."
Taichi: "The artist......ummm......it's got a tag... Denshuu Bumpitsu?"
Sakuraba: "Is he famous?"
Taichi: "Lemme check."
I brought a relevant picture book from Mutsumi-san's room.
Taichi: "It probably won't be in here if it's something cheap."
Sakuraba: "That would be a problem. This was the most expensive-looking one."
Taichi: "Denshuu-san...just how much effort did you put into this?"
National treasure and important cultural relic.
Taichi: "------------"
Faint.
Sakuraba: "Hey, Taichi! Taichi!"
........................
Taichi: "You......if this was the real thing......wouldn't that be blaspheming the country?"
Sakuraba: "Would it? I don't think it's much more than bonfire fuel."
Destroyer of culture......this guy's a destroyer of culture!!
I merely shook like a kitten.
As I was shaking, Sakuraba suddenly said,
Sakuraba: "Also......won't you come with me?"
Taichi: "Eh?......Me? Go on a journey?"
Sakuraba: "I invited Tomoki too, but...he seems to have things to do here."
Taichi: "Well, yeah."
Sakuraba: "What'll it be?"
Taichi: "......it sounds fun, but..."
Everyone's faces passed through my mind.
Along with many and various mysteries.
Taichi: "I'll pass."
Sakuraba: "I see."
Sakuraba didn't seem that disappointed.
Sakuraba: "Then I'll go now."
Taichi: "Why not wait until tomorrow at least? Aren't the mountains dangerous?"
Sakuraba: "I'm in the mood to go now."
Taichi: "Aaah, you're the type to get stranded."
Sakuraba: "So, now that we've split the food, I'll be going."
Taichi: "Yep."
I watched him go.
Taichi: "Ah, that's right, may I ask something?"
Sakuraba: "Nn?"
Taichi: "Is there anyone in the Broadcasting Club you hate enough to kill?"
Sakuraba: "Nope. I love everyone."
Taichi: "How vigorous."
Sakuraba: "I didn't mean it that way. Because I'm mentally incompetent, there's hardly any of that desire."
That's actually true.
Sakuraba: "My lust remains as it was on that day, at that time; stolen by you."
He seemed happy.
Taichi: "That's gross, so stop it."
Sakuraba: "No, for a spontaneous human like me, it's best not to have too much lust."
Sakuraba: "Instead, I'm doing other things I want to do."
That day when Sakuraba's eardrums were broken.
This guy calmed down beyond belief.
And, at the same time, lost his lust.
It's unclear what the cause is.
The wound of unrequited love? Spiritual awakening?
Sakuraba doesn't know that either.
Taichi: "One more question."
Taichi: "Have you ever killed someone?"
Sakuraba: "No, never."
Taichi: "......I see."
Taichi: "I understand. Get going."
Sakuraba: "Aaah, see you......"
I thought while watching him leave.
If he was the culprit, then I just let him get away right under my nose.
But...well, whatever.
It's probably not him.
Like that,
Sakuraba disappeared.
Early morning.
I inertially came to club.
The preparations for the broadcasting channel still weren't done.
Tomoki was there.
Taichi: "Mornin'."
Tomoki: "......is that you, Taichi?"
Taichi: "What's up?"
Tomoki: "......I was thinking, 'this is nearly finished.'"
Taichi: "Well, that's because Sempai worked so hard."
Taichi: "She even carried the necessary equipment up here."
Tomoki: "......when did she say it would be finished?"
Taichi: "Sunday I guess. That was the original plan."
Taichi: "Will you help?"
Tomoki: "Nah, I have something else to do......"
Taichi: "Sakuraba left on a journey."
Tomoki: "So it seems."
Taichi: "He invited me."
Tomoki: "Same here."
Taichi: "Also, I became a billionaire......"
Tomoki: "Wow."
A weak reaction.
His attention lies elsewhere.
Taichi: "Touko died."
Tomoki: "............what...are you saying?"
His face tightened.
Taichi: "Just kidding."
Tomoki: "You're such a-!"
Taichi: "Are you gonna kill me!?"
Tomoki: "......I won't. I'm in no mood for that."
He returned inside the building.
Taichi: "Won't you participaaate?"
Tomoki: "......I'm fighting with Aneki."
Taichi: "Sempai comes here late, so at least help in the mornings."
Tomoki: "Hmmm......is there something you don't understand?"
Taichi: "I don't get the wiring or this equipment."
Tomoki: "Then I have no choice."
Tomoki helped out only for the morning.
Midday.
Tomoki and I parted, and I ate lunch alone.
A cafeteria with no signs of people.
I smeared the bread I'd brought with jam and mechanically threw it into my stomach.
Taichi: "......such impoverished eating habits."
Taichi: "Nn?"
I looked behind me.
No one's there.
Did I imagine it?
I had a feeling I was being watched, but...
And then club.
Tomoki had done the wiring, so I set up a tent and a long table, then arranged the equipment on it.
Taichi: "All that's left is the antenna."
The sketches still showed some remaining problems.
It might not make much of a broadcast.
But since it's a club, we have to broadcast as planned.
Work.
A presence.
My eyes flowed over the surroundings.
No one's here.
Did I imagine it......or not?
That means it's dangerous here. This high place.
Staying still atop a stepladder isn't good either.
Regardless of their firing range, if their effective range is at least twenty meters...
Taichi: "But there's so little left to do......"
Right then, Sempai came.
Misato: "I slept in todayyyy..."
Taichi: "Your lifestyle is getting more and more unhealthy."
Misato: "......hahaha. I have nothing to say to that."
Misato: "This really is...the end, isn't it......"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "Ah, a tent."
Taichi: "The wiring's done too."
Misato: "Y-you couldn't have-?"
Taichi: "Yes, for Sempai, I'd......"
Misato: "That's amazing!! You've left nothing to be desired! Peke-kun's amazingness has gone---"
Taichi: "I'd like to say I did, but it was Tomoki."
Misato: "......"
She was disgusted.
And then amazed. Politely so.
Misato: "Did Tomoki help out?"
Taichi: "To be precise, I made him help."
Misato: "I see......but......he did help after all......"
She was relieved.
Taichi: "It's a good thing that he did."
Misato: "......yes."
Taichi: "By the way Sempai, I'm a bit famished......would you mind changing places?"
Misato: "Okay. You did so much already, I can finish it on my own."
Taichi: "The thing at the top is getting twisted, so you might want to replace it."
Misato: "Understood."
Taichi: "......now then, I'll go fight a little."
Misato: "Faitooo, oooh!"
While she cheered me on with one hand, I entered the building.
Nooow...
Why don't I have you show me the results of that training?
Kiri should be trying to catch me off guard.
In the cafeteria and on the roof, I noticed her sooner than she hoped.
That's why she didn't attack.
......I think it'll be easy to lure her in.
I entered the bathroom.
When I left, I felt killing intent for a moment......but it soon faded.
I walked slowly down the hallway.
I don't think she'll keep preparing to attack over and over.
She should set something up,
In a more surefire place.
......nothing happened in the hallway.
Today was hot.
I felt like going to the beach.
Come to think of it, we all went there together last year.
The beach was fun.
Even now, I can remember everyone frolicking around.
Touko: "Kiaaa!!? Where are you grabbing on to!!?"
Taichi: "The part of your swimsuit covering your butt."
Misato: "Hasekura-san......just what kind of relationship does she have with Kurosu-kun?"
Taichi: "Nn? Youko-chan?"
Touko: "Youko-chan!?"
Misato: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Youko-chan!!!?"
Tomoki: "Youko-chan!!?"
Miki: "Now you're the yakuza."
Misato: "No-not my body..."
Yuusa: "Ummm, excuse, excuse, excuse, me!!!!!"
Touko: "Iiidiot."
Yuusa: "Ah! Spin! Spinning!?"
Miki: "Ow, owwww, my forehead hurts..."
Misato: ......*muttering*
Taichi: "But it was fun."
Our fun sea bath ended there.
Miki's wound left a very small scar.
Even so, she was bright and cheerful on the way home.
As if she'd gained something through being hurt.
It was that kind of face.
Afterward, Misato-sempai returned to school to help carry the Broadcasting Club's newly delivered antenna.
Tomoki, who still hadn't broken off relations with his sister, said something sarcastic.
That siscon behavior of his was made fun of by Miki ever since, even into their third year at Gunjou.
Yuusa-chan, for the first time, opened her heart a little toward a group of other people.
That's what the beach meant to us.
......and yet, that unity had broken down to the point where we were killing each other.
My heart shook.
Why did it turn out like this?
I couldn't contain my irritation.
Thus,
I thought that everything should just go away.
Afterward, I wandered about the town to kill time.
There was no attack.
She's a weakling.
So,
I returned.
Not being in a familiar space might actually be a hardship.
Aaah, however,
Just what am I doing?
No one's here.
Not that long ago, Touko was here.
Touko, who never renewed her conduct even after people disappeared.
......though she had been desperately fighting with self-reliance.
Taichi: "I know you don't like it, but would you try coming to the club tomorrow?"
I had a soliloquy.
I had been planning to say that if Touko was here.
Those words were too late.
And then I came to the roof again.
Sempai was working.
Misato: "There...there we go."
She was working hard with gloves on.
Sorry for coming during the war.
I softly closed the door.
Around here somewhere?
I sat in a chair and stood by.
I read a manga magazine to kill time.
But my awareness was on my surroundings.
It's coming closer.
Softly, softly.
The killing intent.
She's scattering the very malice she hates into her surroundings.
A thread of tension had been tightened.
Don't come.
The door silently opened five centimeters.
But I knew.
With this much murderous intent, even a normal person would feel it coming.
The shining black arrowhead pointed toward me.
The murderous intent hitting me.
I made an intentional and well-timed roll to one side.
Kiri: "......ah!"
The arrow passed through where I'd been sitting a moment ago.
I jumped up and flew out into the hallway.
Kiri's back was running away.
Taichi: "Haha......"
I gave chase.
This game of tag is different from Monday's, Kiri.
I was writhing in joy.
I gave chase.
Kiri ran. Sometimes she turned to look behind her.
She saw me, and increased her speed further.
......you're just going to wear yourself out, Kiri.
We passed through the front gate.
She wants to go into town?
Kiri's speed while holding the weapon definitely wasn't fast.
I thought about my pace as I chased.
Just right to deny her rest, so as not to give her a chance to ready another arrow.
I like this reworked line a lot better. Only thing I'm not 100% on is "rest" which I'm also thinking "repose."
At long last Kiri reached the mountain trail.
Don't perish, I thought.
And then,
Kiri ran out of strength at the hokora.
She was hiding in the grass.
Taichi: "......finally......Kiri, you really did it."
A declaration of war,
A fight,
With me.
Taichi: "You became my enemy."
Kiri: "Ha, ha! Ha......"
She desperately tried to control her rough breathing.
And hurried to load another arrow.
On the other side of the grass.
I can imagine Kiri as her time is being taken up by that.
If you're not very proficient, it's not something that will go smoothly when you need it to.
It's game over for Kiri now.
I took out my knife.
I don't think there's a need to kill her.
But I took it out.
For some reason.
Rather strong instincts had moved me to do so.
The remnants of rationality.
If you become a little uneasy, it ceases to be of use.
Now, in order to scare her further, I cut my way through the grass fence with my blade.
Kiri: "......kya......ha, haaa."
With just that, she turned the color of terror.
And then, I...
Taichi: "--!!"
Bent back my upper body using all my joints.
A second shot. The jet black arrow shot through the space where my forehead had been 0.1 seconds ago.
What timing!
I was amazed for a while.
For five seconds.
Admiration and shock.
Kiri had deceived me perfectly.
I cut my way through the grass.
On the other side......she was no longer there.
I only heard the sound of tall grass being parted as she returned to the mountain path.
I no longer felt like giving chase.
Taichi: "......haha, amazing..."
I'd nearly died.
Death.
Taichi: "This is exciting."
I put my hand on my chest to confirm it.
This stimulation.
I'd tasted the joy of living by dark means.
I wrote in my diary and went to bed.
Will Kiri come and attack me tonight?
Will I be able to sense her?
It feels like I'll have good dreams.
There was no night attack?
......I did have home field advantage.
There might have been traps here, so she didn't do anything reckless.
I headed to school.
Then,
Tomoki had died.
Taichi: "............"
The suspects decreased.
And the victims increased.
Taichi: "Tomoki......"
A tragic way to die.
He'd been run through the chest with long, thick wiring material.
A coincidence?......This is too rare a case to say that.
This was definitely something artificial.
That's why the culprit is---
Taichi: "......it's already......finished."
The world is finished.
That was the feeling I had.
Kiri's already broken, and Sakuraba probably won't return.
There's no need for me to remain a person.
......in the end, it was all just useless struggling.
A lunatic can't become a normal person.
If I can't understand others,
I thought it was okay not to understand.
Now---
Before the silent form of Tomoki, I exposed my body to the lonesome air.
No monologue was needed.
I was rapidly losing sight of the words I'd say.
Where's Kiri?
Is she not in the building?
She's probably not in her house.
Prowling. That's all.
Kiri......
No, anyone's okay......
That's right. Sempai.
That's always been on the roof.
Not here.
The fence had been broken.
Sempai had died.
When people fall, they make a pink flower.
Taichi: "............"
Aaah.
Fragrant blood.
I couldn't understand things anymore.
Aaah, not at all anymore.
Until now......why have I been toiling?
To hold myself back.
And then,
Evasion.
An arrow passed.
Kiri.
Was there.
Was there♪
Kiri: "......murderer!"
Kiri inverted a red cylinder.
Were those intestines?
White smoke.
Taichi: "......gu!"
My vision grew dim.
......I'd gotten used to it.
To Kiri's presence.
I leaped toward her.
I grabbed her wrist.
It was holding a blade.
I gripped hard.
Kiri: "Uuu!"
Kiri won't let go.
She's exposing her anger like a beast.
Even harder.
Kiri: "Uu, uuuuuuu!"
It should hurt.
Such a slender wrist.
I could break it easily.
But she won't let go.
Aaah.
Did she see Tomoki's body?
Even though I didn't do it.
While we were quarreling, I started wanting.
Kiri.
She's an idiot, but she's cute.
I sucked her lips.
Kiri: "Nn, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
Taichi: "......!"
I chewed her tongue.
I didn't cut it off.
My thoughts were cleared.
Taichi: "......Kiri......I'm the culprit."
Kiri: "Uuu! Why now!!?"
The hand holding the knife stood firm.
Taichi: "No, I'm not."
Kiri: "......what are you...ahaha."
Ridicule.
Kiri's emotions were already starting to break.
Kiri: "Don't take Miki."
Taichi: "It's Miki."
Taichi: "The culprit is Miki."
Kiri stopped.
Was that not the one and only key to making this girl stop right now?
The wind cut off.
Kiri: "Uuaaa......?"
A strange noise spilled out of her lungs.
"Voice" sounded so out of place there.
Just from that, I knew it was a mortal wound.
At the same time, I felt sharp pain in my thighbone.
An arrow.
It had been shot through Kiri's thin chest and into my thighbone.
I brought my face up.
Taichi: "......it was you."
Miki: "Ahaha, this is the first time I've been able to bring down Sempai."
She was innocent.
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "......uu......huh......? Miki?"
Taichi: "Kiri......"
Her knife fell.
She tried to pick herself up......but failed.
Taichi: "Ow!"
Kiri: "......was I......shot?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Kiri: "By who?"
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "No......*cough!*"
Blood fell out of her mouth.
Kiri: "Ha, it hurts......Miki......Mi......"
Miki gazed intently at Kiri's final moments.
I couldn't read her emotions at all.
Taichi: "Impossible......weren't you...my friend?"
Miki: "............"
Kiri coughed. A huge amount of blood.
Taichi: "Who are you?"
Miki: "I am Miki."
Taichi: "No. Miki isn't that tenacious."
Miki: "......I was able to endure...Sempai and the others."
This girl......
Taichi: "Kiri......"
Kiri: "Miki......where are you? Are you behind me? I can't turn around......"
As Kiri tried to move, pain ran through my leg.
With that,
I was able to regain rationality.
Kiri: "It wasn't Miki, right? You weren't......the one who shot me, right?"
Miki: "It was me. I shot you."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Kiri: "......it can't be..."
Taichi: "Kiri."
She looked up at me.
With her chest shot through, she could do nothing else.
Kiri: "......you're...innocent?"
Taichi: "Not really, but I didn't kill anyone. I don't want to kill."
Kiri: "............"
Kiri: "......I'm......sor......"
She couldn't complete her words of apology.
I softly placed my fingers on her carotid artery.
Taichi: "Sleep. It's a dream. When you wake up, you'll be back to your normal everyday life."
Kiri smiled, despite the contradictions in those words.
Kiri: "Aha."
I tightened slightly. That was enough.
Kiri: "......ah.................."
I killed her gently.
Miki: "......!"
Taichi: "Ow!......"
I pulled the arrow out of our bodies.
The wound to my femur was shallow.
But, it's practically unable to move now.
Taichi: "......are you going to kill me too?"
Miki: "Did you finish her off?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Miki: "You're kind, Sempai."
Taichi: "Will you kill me too?"
Miki: "Yes."
Taichi: "For what reason?"
Miki: "......do you want to know?"
Miki: "I'd been thinking that Sempai had gone berserk and lost his rationality, but..."
Taichi: "Wow, you know about me."
Miki: "And about Hasekura-sempai."
Taichi: "......why did you kill everyone?"
Miki: "I'm not killing them."
Taichi: "Then who killed them?"
Miki: "Coincidences."
Taichi: "......Miki, please don't toy with me. I'm talking seriously."
Miki: "It's true. They were coincidences. I call it the invisible hand."
Taichi: "Invisible hand?"
Miki: "This sort of thing happens once in a long while."
Miki: "At first......Hasekura-sempai? This is the first time she's died..."
Miki: "I am the one who prepared the traps, but this is the first time she's died."
Taichi: "......so those were Miki's traps."
Miki: "Yes. Sempai taught me how to make them."
Taichi: "No I didn't."
Miki: "It was much earlier. Dozens of weeks ago."
Miki: "I didn't want you to go near that place, so I was wary. The real objective was to let me know when someone came near it......with traps I could move more carefully, and there would be time to run."
Taichi: "......what place?"
Miki: "That's the only place exempted from the loop."
Taichi: "The loop......"
Miki: "The world is repeating this week over and over, Sempai."
And then Miki spoke.
Of the week from Monday to Sunday.
That the world will progress that far and then return to the situation on Monday.
Loop.
Miki called it that.
Taichi: "That's hard to believe."
Miki: "Do I have any reason to lie?"
Miki: "Your memory and this situation will all return to the way they were."
Miki: "So Kiri-chin will also recover by next week,"
Miki: "Of course, I think the memories of being killed will be gone by Monday, but..."
Taichi: "Miki, how can you be so sure that's the truth?"
Miki: "Because the hokora is exempt from time's progression."
Taichi: "......in other words......you're living in the hokora?"
Miki: "Just for the moment when Sunday ends."
Taichi: "......so, you say we're looping, but why did you kill everyone?"
Miki: "Because I must not die."
Taichi: "There's no connection."
Miki: "......the first time I noticed the hokora, there were already notebooks inside it."
Miki: "In the notebooks, every day until Saturday was recorded in detail, and the writer was Sempai."
Taichi: "I did that......?"
Miki: "Despite having your memories reset every time by the loop phenomenon, Sempai and Hasekura-sempai have a pretty high probability of noticing the truth."
Miki: "But since you'll forget, you leave records in the form of diaries inside the hokora......well, I think you're doing it so that next week's you can grasp the situation more easily."
Miki: "But you didn't realize that being at the hokora would preserve proper time."
Miki: "......when next week comes, everyone's memories are cleared."
Miki: "But isn't that no different from dying and being reborn?"
Miki: "However many diaries you write, you have no means of making up the time lost through resets, do you?"
Miki: "Isn't it like dying every single time?"
Taichi: "......"
Miki: "I didn't like that idea."
Miki: "I want to live on with the same connection between all of the proper me's."
Miki: "Even if the world no longer continues the slightest bit......I don't want to repeat myself unknowingly."
Taichi: "I understand your feelings......but why did that make you kill everyone?"
Miki: "I told you those were all coincidences."
Miki: "If there are enough repeats, won't Hasekura-sempai get caught in a trap once in a while?"
Taichi: "Maybe once in a hundred."
Miki: "So, once in a long while Touko-sempai dies, and Shima-sempai dies, and Mimi-sempai dies......all at once."
Miki: "That happened to be this time."
Taichi: "The culprit......if we exempt the first case where you set the traps......was all coincidence?"
Miki: "Coincidence can occasionally become an invisible murderer."
Miki: "Within a loop world, there are occurrences certain to happen on occasion."
Taichi: "Who stabbed Touko?"
Miki: "I did."
Taichi: "Haa?"
Miki: "Touko-sempai has a high probability of starving to death every time."
Miki: "So, after she'd already died this time, I stabbed her corpse with a short sword."
Taichi: "For what reason?"
Miki: "......to make sure Kiri-chin's switch would flip."
Miki: "To make sure Kiri-chin would try to kill Sempai."
Taichi: "......Miki......"
Miki: "Ah, it's not because I hate Sempai."
Miki: "It's just......because you're dangerous."
Miki: "Don't you have a high probability of going berserk?"
Miki: "When you see blood, don't you often become strange?"
Taichi: "......yeah."
Miki: "I've been trying to stabilize things, and somehow I've made it until now."
Taichi: "......haha, you were taking care of me."
Miki: "Yes♪"
Miki: "Because I love Sempai when he's nice."
She held emotions for a moment.
Miki: "......but, this time there was the irregularity of Hasekura-sempai dying."
She returned to being expressionless.
Miki: "That person is beyond most humans, so she often finds my camp."
Taichi: "Your 'camp' is next to the hokora?"
Miki: "Yes. I borrowed stuff from the campout......ah, please don't move."
Taichi: "I want to stop the bleeding......"
Miki: "I'm sorry......I can't allow that......"
Taichi: "Because you're going to kill me?"
Miki: "......yes."
She fell silent.
Taichi: "......haa......how should I say it...if that's all true, I'm going to come back to life, but..."
Miki: "About Hasekura-sempai, I surrender right away whenever she finds me. Then I offer her information."
Miki: "After all, I can't possibly beat her."
Taichi: "You are taking care of yourself well."
Miki: "Your reaction when Hasekura-sempai died was entirely unknown."
Miki: "......Kiri-chin became neurotically malicious as well, but that was going to happen at some point."
Taichi: "Yeah, that's true."
Miki: "I cannot die."
Miki: "Just as you say......I care about myself...a lot."
Miki: "More than anyone."
Taichi: "............I get it."
Taichi: "So that's Miki's ultramarine."
Miki: "......yes, that would be it."
Miki: "I don't understand people's pain at all."
Miki: "It's like living while pretending to be a person."
Miki: "Those are words Kiri-chin once used to reproach Sempai."
Taichi: "......though I don't remember them."
Miki: "Ah, well things have gone that way before."
Taichi: "Aaah, for me before the reset."
Miki: "Sempai isn't mimicking anything."
Miki: "You're just......trying to be a person."
Miki: "So, the one who really was mimicking and being a parasite......was me."
Taichi: "......you can't just hide in the hokora forever, can you?"
Miki: "......that would be nice, but......"
Miki: "I'm going to go mad from boredom, you know?"
Taichi: "Aaah......that's true......"
Miki: "Maintaining everyone's state of mind, negotiating with Hasekura-sempai, being careful not to......I'm repeating those things endlessly."
Taichi: "Must be rough."
Miki: "But, when I'm doing those things, I stay as the innocent me......being stupid with Sempai......being in the club with everyone......"
Taichi: "......if your subjective time is protected by being at the hokora......what happens when Miki becomes an adult?"
Miki: "......I haven't thought about it."
Miki: "Though there will probably come a time where I have to be reset."
Miki: "Because......I'm already a different person......"
Taichi: "Are you scared?"
Miki: "I'm scared."
Miki: "I'm scared of no longer being myself."
Tears flowed.
Miki: "I'm scared to disappear...in this world with no one in it."
Miki: "......but..."
Miki: "For some reason...I get the feeling I'm all alone."
Taichi: "............"
Miki: "Somehow...it's all gotten hollow."
Miki lowered her weapon.
Miki: "By talking to Sempai now...it's gotten even more hollow."
Taichi: "Yep. Because this was as long a talk as something the principal would give."
Miki: "......you're not acting scared at all."
Taichi: "That was a very interesting story."
Miki: "......ahaha......Sempai really is a more amazing person than me."
Taichi: "Youko-chan's on a completely different level."
Miki: "That person......she's close to perfect, but......but she isn't a well-rounded person, is she?"
Miki: "You're different."
Miki: "You're the same as me, but you have more to deal with, and yet you work several times harder than I do."
Miki: "You don't give up."
She came closer.
Miki: "Sempai?"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Miki: "You are...the first person...I ever fell in love with."
Taichi: "Aaah...I'm honored."
I closed my eyes.
So I'd be easier to kill.
And then,
Miki: "......farewell...see you next week."
Taichi: "Next week."
I closed my consciousness.
Taichi: "Ouchhhh......"
I was beaten awake by aches and pains.
Taichi: "Ha! This is my.......secret room?"
Ah, the clothes I'm wearing aren't part of my uniform.
My wounds have been dressed. And quite well.
Youko-chan......she died, didn't she?
Miki: "Ah, good morning."
Miki came in.
Taichi: "Miki is Micchi!?"
Miki: "I am Micchi. Though that's pretty forced."
Miki: "There's no food at all in this house, so I stole some rice and miso from the neighbors."
Taichi: "Aaah, Mutsumi-san didn't have much time to cook."
She only buys what she needs to make stuff.
Miki: "Does it hurt?"
Taichi: "It huuurts."
I cried.
Miki: "Aaah, there, there. Here, have some menstrual medicine."
Taichi: "I don't need that!"
I threw it away.
Miki: "Well...it works as a painkiller......so..."
Taichi: "Ah, that's right, I'm sorry."
Miki: "I cooked you some food."
Taichi: "......what's this star-shaped object that looks like a giant kompeitou?"
It looked overly distorted, as if the maker was trying to create something ridiculously beautiful.
Miki: "It's a rice ball."
Taichi: "You entered the castle of geniuses by having too little skill."
Miki: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "How do you hold it to make this shape?"
Miki: "Normally."
Taichi: "A mysterious rice ball indeed."
I tried eating it.
Taichi: "Uwa, it's good."
Miki: "How do you feel?"
Taichi: "......hoo."
Strong seasoning.
As my body lacked blood, it permeated me.
I flattened three of them immediately.
I drank the miso in one gulp.
Taichi: ......*siiigh*
Miki: "How was it?"
Taichi: "My wounds hurt, but sex is possible, Miki."
Miki: "Please think of a question."
Taichi: "......then..."
Miki: "Then......?"
Taichi: "Why did you let me live?"
Miki: "......nnn, somehow it seemed like you weren't berserk anymore......and..."
Miki: "I wanted to talk to Sempai after he knew everything......I guess."
Taichi: "You know, before you made me pass out......"
Miki: "Wawaaawaaa! That didn't happen!"
She flapped her hands.
Miki: "I was intending to kill you back then, I swear!"
Don't answer to this, you'll see why in my next two comments.-Future Spin
Taichi: "......I've already heard it."
Miki: "Uu, uuuuuuu..."
Her face was red.
Taichi: "You appear to have the emotion of shame."
Miki: "Well, I do have all the basic emotions."
Miki: "I'm just uninterested in others, hmph."
Miki said 'hmph' and turned the other way.
Taichi: "I thought I was just being played with."
Miki: "......there's that too."
There is?
Taichi: "Hey......could it be, that we're the only two people alive in this world?"
Miki: "Sakuraba-sempai......"
Taichi: "He'll die by the roadside. Probably. He might already be dead. Maybe he fell off his bike and got hit in the head by his baggage......or something."
Miki: "......seems likely."
Taichi: "They've really all gone."
Miki: "When next week comes, everyone will be revived again."
And that's why I didn't understand wtf was going on. I should get a reward for leaving three seperate comments. -Future Spin
Taichi: "If I stay at the hokora, will the current me be maintained?"
Miki: "Yes, that's right. Will you live as you are now?"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Taichi: "My memories this week are a bit harsh..."
Taichi: "......but somehow, a part of me feels fine even though everyone died."
Miki: "............"
Taichi: "My heart won't cry."
Taichi: "......I think it might be nice to forget that."
Miki: "That's true."
Taichi: "If the world is repeating......I might go berserk and hurt people several times, right?"
Taichi: "Friends, family, comrades, people I love."
Taichi: "Killing over and over......to live on with those memories intact......"
Taichi: "I'm sure my heart would break."
Taichi: "Well, it's already breaking, but it'd probably break more."
Taichi: "My heart would die."
I said that much, then realized I was suggesting something to Miki.
Taichi: "Ah, sorry......"
Miki: "Iiit's fiiine."
Miki: "That's actually happening."
Miki: "There've been some horrible times...when, in order to escape from a berserk Sempai...I sacrificed everyone else."
Taichi: "Aaah, sorry about that. I'm to blame."
Taichi: "After all, isn't it normal to care about yourself most of all? Isn't that just fine?"
Miki: "......but..."
Taichi: "Well, self-sacrifice is good too, but not everyone can do something so beautiful."
Taichi: "This was a world that demanded beauty, wasn't it?"
Taichi: "I...in order to be accepted by the world, did my best to behave in a friendly manner......for years and years, but nothing's changed."
Miki: "......is that so?"
Taichi: "And somehow, I'm really grateful that there was someone who'd fall in love with me anyway."
Miki: "............au."
Taichi: "You remember Yuusa-chan, right?"
Miki: "Yes."
Taichi: "Why do you think that girl disappeared?"
Her neatly arranged features changed their positions slightly, wonderfully displaying her doubt.
Miki: "Did Sempai do something horrible to her?"
Taichi: "Bingo."
Taichi: "In the end, what I showed her was only a dressed-up, superficial me."
Taichi: "......it must have been a shock for her."
Miki: "Seven."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Miki: "I'm always using Kiri-chin, but that's the number of times she found out."
Taichi: "......that's quite a few."
Miki: "I blunder a lot."
Taichi: "Come to think of it, your kick on Monday was sharp."
Miki: "Ehaha."
Taichi: "If you did some survival training on your own, you'd be able to use that body of yours so much better."
Miki: "You're drunk from your own talent."
Taichi: "......so, how did Kiri-chin react?"
Miki: "Weeell..."
She smiled facetiously.
Miki: "At first she was just blankly amazed. Then......"
She darkened.
Miki: "......well, she was suitably dealt with."
Taichi: "Was it tough?"
Miki: "......tough......I feel like it was."
Miki: "But there was also the feeling that it didn't matter."
Miki: "But you get used to it. Until now we've always been a pair, so we'll always be a pair. That won't change."
Miki: "......neither will our feelings."
Taichi: "I'm similar to that in a way."
Miki: "Weeell, living is......"
Taichi: "Hard......"
Miki: "Yes......"
Doubly quiet.
Taichi: "So what will you do? From now on?"
Miki: "Aaah, that's right."
Miki: "Either way, I want to be in the hokora at midday tomorrow, so..."
Taichi: "I'd like to experience that world reset."
Miki: "Okay, then I'll......"
Miki hesitated awhile, then came closer.
I evaded.
Miki: "Gafu!"
Miki fell over the bedstead.
Miki: "Aaah......you're just..."
Taichi: "Sorry, I couldn't help it."
Miki: "Worthless......"
Miki: "I'm going home. Sempai, please have sex with yourself using those perverted books in the safe over there which surpass my imagination."
She knows!
No, more importantly,
Taichi: "Wait, wait,"
I grabbed her wrist,
And pulled her closer.
Miki: "Uu!?"
In my arms.
Taichi: "Sorry, I couldn't help being rough."
Miki: "......this isn't romantic at all......"
Taichi: "Wildness sells."
Miki: "It's not wild either......liar, that's false advertising."
Taichi: "Don't say that."
Miki: "......haa, romance doesn't matter any more."
Taichi: "That's what this world is."
Miki alone became an adult.
Taichi: "Are you fine with it being dark?"
Miki: "......obviously it's better dark......"
Not that it matters to me at all.
I removed her clothes.
Miki: "Yo-you're fast but skilled......I feel like crying, but..."
Taichi: "I neglect not my skills for stripping girls."
Miki: "You're the worst......"
Miki: "Before I'm stripped......"
Taichi: "Nn."
Lips.
Touching each other.
Rubbing against each other, without affixing or parting.
Miki: "Nn......nn......"
A light lip talk.
My tongue entered, and licked around her gums.
Miki: "Fuyaa!???"
I held her mouth with my hands, and she looked bewildered.
Also, she was crying a bit.
Taichi: "That's how this works."
Miki: "Is that so......"
Taichi: "Stop resisting and open your mouth."
Second time. I pushed against her.
Miki: "Nnmu......ah......nn! Nnn......fuafua......nnnnn ............! Fu!"
Miki: "Ah......I'm being stripped......"
I quickly licked up the saliva that fell into Miki's mouth.
And onto her neck.
Miki: "Uhi!......Hyaaaa."
Miki's upper body tightened, and she produced a ticklish voice.
I passed under her arms and touched her chest as well.
Miki: "Ah......"
She seemed surprised, but there was no resistance.
While caressing her neck with my lips and nose, I touched her chest.
A slightly fuller chest than that of the Miki I knew.
Miki: "Hya......nn, nnn, that, tickles......"
Miki: "Nn, nnn, nnnn......a......"
Cute.
I left kiss marks on her.
Miki: "Ah! Owww......"
After all, it's only us two (excluding Sakuraba).
I fondled her chest as if enveloping it.
......though it didn't have enough volume for me to say that, but I warmed it up as if massaging it.
Miki: "Nn......"
Taichi: "Does it tickle?"
Miki: "......not that......"
Taichi: "You'll soon get used to it."
Miki: "Nn, nnn!......Aan......"
While softly chewing her collarbone, I made marks on Miki's pure and clear upper body.
Miki must have gotten a little used to it, as she became less tense.
Obediently, so as not to interfere with my movements.
Miki: "Hiu......aan! Ah......kya......nn............nnnnn ......Sempai......"
Taichi: "It's okay to hold me."
When I said that, her arms grabbed onto my back.
Taichi: "I'll hold onto Miki as well."
Miki: "Kya......nnnnnnnnn!"
Another kiss mark.
Leaving a mark on her brought me excitement.
A lust for conquest?
That's yet another way to connect with people.
Taichi: "How is it?"
Miki: "......the way Sempai touches me......feels good......"
Miki: "My neck...seems to feel really good......I......"
Taichi: "Then I'll kiss you more."
There's a groove between the neck and the collarbone with a refreshing line men don't have.
I stuck my tongue out and ran it along that beautiful spoon.
Miki: "Uuu! Nn! Kyan!......Nn! Haa, haan!......"
My fingers moved downward.
Down her stomach, which had no excess fat, and tickled her navel.
Miki: "Aaaaaaah......aaah......no, Sempai......don't enter my navel......"
She thinks I'll enter it?
I held back a laugh and moved even lower.
Miki: "Ah............"
She stiffened.
Taichi: "It's all right."
I whispered that, and stuck my tongue in her ear.
Miki: "Nnn!! Nn......no, stop, don't lick, that's...... nn......ah!"
My fingers passed through her bush.
Nn, bush.
I pulled back and enjoyed that sensation.
Miki: "Th-that's just perverted hair......aaah......aan!"
Taichi: "Even this hair is perverted?"
I teased her a little.
Miki: "......you're teasiiing......"
Taichi: "Hahaha."
For a while, I rolled that smooth hair around with my fingers.
I devoured her ear.
Miki: "Kya!? No......no......"
Goosebumps formed on her neck.
Aaah, her ear?
I bit.
A crunchy sensation.
Miki: "Uuuuu! Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"
Sweat formed on her forehead.
She seems to be feeling this too well.
I lightly kissed her, then returned to her chest.
Miki: "Fua, haahaa......Sempai......Taichi......sempai..."
*squeeze*
The hands on my back grabbed my clothes.
......I felt like my back was about to be pulled off.
My fingers fell to the base of her legs.
Miki: "......a......"
The middle of my index finger covered her gap perfectly.
The central line was hot and sticky.
And then,
Taichi: "You're wet."
Miki: "......I am wet."
I pierced it.
Miki: "Uu! Uuuuuuu......aau!......aan!......Haaaa, you're, entering......you're......"
Taichi: "Yes, I'm entering."
I twisted my fingertips.
Her opened membranes and fluids were mixing up.
I moved my fingers like spider legs.
Miki: "Hyau!!"
Miki's kneecaps flew up and hit my stomach.
Miki: "No, if you open it, something......will pour out!"
Taichi: "That's just fine."
I sucked her jaw.
Miki: "Yan......no, don't......that all, feels...... good......"
Miki's genitalia and my fingers knitted together.
Five sticks stirring around the crucible.
They melted and made her even stickier.
Miki: "Ha! Ha! ! Ah, nnn......nn! Ha, you're en...... teriiing......kun!"
Her legs went wild.
I used my fingers even more.
The fluid in her genitalia lumped up and rolled out.
It landed on my palm, then dribbled onto the sheets between my fingers.
Miki: "Aaaaa......"
She gave a sigh of shame.
Taichi: "Perverted leakage."
Miki: "......uu......"
Her moist eyes shot through me.
Therein was permission to do many and various things.
Miki: "Yes, I did......leak......"
Miki: "Won't Sempai also......leak here?"
Delightful line!‾  
Taichi: "......"
What to say?
I kissed her.
Miki: "Nn! Nnnnnnn! Nnfu!......Nn! *lick!*......hot...... Sempai, you're hot......*lick!*......nnnnn, nnnnnnnn......"
I kissed her deeply.
I started wanting to combine with Miki.
I thought her membranes were missing something.
My fingers stirred around Miki's insides.
Delicate pleats.
I rubbed them lengthwise with the middles of my fingers.
Miki: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
Her hips jumped.
With my fingers adhered.
Miki: "Nn! Nnmu, nnnnn, *kiss* *kiss* nnnnnnn!"
Miki sucked on my tongue.
I left it to her.
She sucked it preciously, as if rolling around hard candy.
Miki: "Nn, nnyu......nn! Nnn! Ha! Hafu......nn......"
She silently lowered her hips.
Her small haunches fell glistening onto the sheets.
Miki: "Fua......it's cold......?"
Taichi: "That's Miki's."
I told her gently. I was effectively teasing her.
The color of Miki's face was as if all the blood in her body had gathered in her face.
Miki: "I'm already......falling apart."
Taichi: "You're beautiful."
Miki: "......I love you."
Taichi: "Nn."
I traced the inside of her vagina with my middle finger.
Carefully, carefully,
As if to spread around Miki's own bodily fluids.
Miki: "Uu! Uu......fua! Aaah, nn! Kun!......"
Her hips jumped.
They tightened, like flower petals gasping for breath.
The fluids dribbling out of her vagina leaked down to her other hole.
She felt that good just from my fingers.
......I myself was hardened by animal passions strong enough to make my hips ache.
I used my fingers to knead her ring-shaped entrance.
Miki: "Uwa......somehow, something's......no, stop! Something's, no!! Sempai! It's, dangerous there, fuaaaan!!"
She's saying strange things.
I shook my fingers rapidly.
Back and forth near her rough entrance.
Miki's four limbs went up.
Her back drew an arc from the back of her head to her bent legs.
Miki: "Ah! No, ah! Aaah! Nn! Han!......Aaah! Aaah!"
Even so, I moved my prickly fingers.
Miki: "........................"
Miki lost her breath and her words for three seconds.
And then,
Miki: "Aaah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaa! Nn! Ah! Aaaaaaaaa!---!!"
Her fingers squeezed tight.
She's contracting.
Enveloping, and loosening. A repetition of that.
Miki: "Haa......ha! Haa......a............nn!......"
I tried slowly piercing her.
Miki: "Hi! Uua! Noooo......"
She seriously tried to run away.
I pulled out my fingers.
I lightly sucked her lips, though they were busy with her rough breathing.
Miki: "Uu......hafu......haun......"
Miki desired her lips back, but that was largely meaningless.
When I moved away from her face, her breathing was dejected.
Miki was exhausted.
I lay her face down and took off her clothes.
There was a mountain-shaped stain on her butt.
Of sweat and vaginal fluid, in the hollow between her haunches.
There's no way she isn't getting excited.
Miki: "Haa, haa, haa......"
Miki's breathing slowly fell, as she headed toward sleep.
I covered her from behind.
I wrapped my arms around her, and my hips rose.
Miki: "......haa......han......Sem...pai?"
She realized she was being pushed down.
Taichi: "I'm here."
Miki: "Nnn..."
When I whispered to her from behind, Miki cried sweetly.
I slipped inside the part of her that felt like opening after that long caress.
Miki: "......nnnnn!......Uuu, uuuuuuu!"
She gave a resisting groan.
But her wetness helped.
I slid up to her core with a smooth and natural feeling.
On the way, there was a slight holdup. It must have been Miki's chastity.
Miki: "Ah, aaaaah, ah......"
She's surprised.
Her mouth opened wide.
Her voice shook.
I slid my hips back and forth.
Her insides surrounded me.
They tightened, leaving no room.
I went down that narrow path.
Miki: "Aau, ah! Uuu!......You're...big!"
Because you're narrow.
There's no doubt this feels tighter to Miki.
I slowly pushed my hips deep inside.
My tip touched a stiff part.
Taichi: "......it's perfect. Miki and I."
Miki: "Nooo......that's embarrassing......"
My rod was wet.
The secretions inside increased.
Maybe the angle was good, because I got the feeling we'd connected in nearly a straight line.
Up to the devoured base, I was hot and tight.
I moved.
Slowly at first.
Then faster.
With the movements of coupling rods.
Miki: "Ah......aaah, nn! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!......!!"
She made a cute staccato as I pierced her.
Her cut-off screams rose to a shrill tone.
Miki: "Fua, ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaah, nn! Hyan!......Nnnn!!!"
She drooled.
As the cheerful Miki fell apart, the girl's honey-sweet lust was carved into me.
Miki: "Aaah, aaooh! Ah, ku! Aan! Aaaan!!"
Her somewhat small butt caught my pelvis.
It was like spanking her in a certain perverse way.
Her flexible back matched my movements.
Her shoulder blade pulled out as far as it could, then sunk back in.
When Miki propped herself up on one arm, I moved to the left or right with the same timing.
Beautiful.
I tried touching.
She was getting wet.
Her sweat was so granular it reminded me of particles.
My fingers sunk in along with her bones.
Miki: "Kyau!!!!!!!!!"
A big reaction.
Her vagina reacted strongly.
Tightening. Tightening. Tightening.
Three times, it put pressure on me.
Miki: "Wau! Uuaaaa......"
From her overly wet parts, fruit juice formed drops and fell.
The sound of dripping reached my ears.
She seemed to have leaked a lot.
Taichi: "Miki......"
I felt like I'd become narcissistic.
If she'd been hating me, she wouldn't react like this.
To such a filthy me.
Miki might be in love with me.
The meaning of that love is probably a little different from the world's norm.
However,
It was an irreplaceable thing that even I could obtain.
Violent emotions sprung off.
I want to connect more. More!
Miki: "Fuu! Ha! Han! Aan! Ah! Ah! Han! Haaan! Nn! Ku......hi, unn! Nn!......Uwaa, Sempaaai!"
Miki grabbed onto the sheets.
I drove into Miki like a wedge into meat.
I applied my hips.
I drew characters.
Miki: "......aaooh!!?"
Panting with a light vibrato.
At the same time, one of Miki's legs became a straight line. It tightened.
It stretched out straight, as she desired a straight line.
I continued drawing characters.
Along with back and forth motions.
Miki: "Uu! Uuuuu, AH, aai! Nnnnnnn, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!"
Her small butt was quivering.
Up to the narrowing at her rear, she was losing herself while expanding and contracting.
Miki moaned with the position of a low crouching start.
As I entered, Miki broke from the weight of my hips.
But, as my brushtip drew characters inside her vagina, her butt immediately pointed up and her back bent.
Miki: "Ha! Han! Sempai, that's, dangerous, dan...... aaaaah, ah! Aaoh! Oh!......OH!"
I was wringing the voice out of her lungs.
Even that crushed voice was a sweet and beautiful thing to me.
I wanted to hear it more.
I made strong rhythmic movements.
Miki: "Oh! Ah! Oooh!......Ki, hiii......ugu! Gu! NN! ......Nnnnnnnnnn!!"
Miki bit down hard.
To hold back her vulgar voice.
I moved my hand under her jaw and softly held it up.
Miki: "Fua?"
She let go of the pillow.
Taichi: "Let your voice out."
Miki: "But......*hic!*"
Along with that hiccup of satisfaction was a tightening in her lower limbs.
Taichi: "I want to hear it."
I buried my nose into Miki's head.
I parted her supple hair and licked her skin.
Miki: "That voice...it's embarrassing......"
Taichi: "You can't?"
Miki: "......okay."
She resigned herself and closed her eyes.
Miki herself stuck her hips out behind her.
Meshing with mine as if to twist my body.
Our perfectly adhered lower bodies sucked on each other with each other's sweat.
Taichi: "I'll move."
Miki: "......ah......ah, ah......"
Each time coming and going at a different angle.
Just from that the hair rose on the nape of Miki's neck.
Can she really feel it this strongly?
Miki might also......be holding the same thirst as I.
Because I want to connect.
Miki: "Fua! Han! Ah! Ah! Aaa......han! Nna!!"
Miki: "No, stop, dangerous, II!......No, no! You can't, you caaan't!!"
Not yet.
We still aren't perfectly one.
Miki: "Au! Ah, ah!Ah!Ah! Aaaaaaaa! Aaaa, nn! Nnnnnnn! Aauaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
The art of lust moved toward a legato.
Miki's continuous voice.
During a faint pause, Miki inhaled deeply.
More. More---
Miki: "Uuuu, aaa, aaaaaa......ahaa! Han, ha!......Nooo, too deep......stooooop."
As she lost her stamina, Miki's voice became like a groan.
But her sensitivity didn't fall.
Miki: "Hiu!!?"
When I sometimes mixed hip characters into my regular movements, it was as if her whole body jumped into the air.
Miki: "Ah, ah, ah......st!......"
Her whole body suddenly convulsed.
Miki: "Ah........................----------!!!!!"
I knew from the throbbing in her back that this was different from before.
One step later, the furious convulsions occurred inside as well.
Taichi: "Uu......"
Faint contractions undulating several times a second.
Her whole body squeezed while her insides moved in confusion.
I escaped Miki's control and went wild.
Miki: "Aku!......Hia......ah!......Ha! Ha!......"
For Miki, there was no choice but to accept the explosion of sensation.
At long last,
Miki remembered her own body weight, and began to break.
I put a hand under her abdomen to support her.
Her abdominal muscles were twitching at regular intervals.
I moved.
Miki: "Hi......if...you move now............I'm going to die......"
I can't do anything about that.
I increased the severity of the spring motions.
Miki: "Aaaaa......"
Breath of despair.
She's being stimulated.
However, I can't see the end.
The pain of my wound had been subtly restraining me.
Screams from the arrow wound as my body reverberated.
But,
Without cumming inside Miki, this won't end.
I rubbed against her pleats.
Miki: "No, noo, that's!......Ah! Ah! Ah! Aah!......Aaua ......no! Not too fast!"
Even if you say such things...
Miki: "Aau! Ah! Uu! Uuah!......I'm going numb!......eh ......aaaaa!"
The rhythm of her voice was breaking.
Miki: "Sempai, Sempa-! Haa, haaa, aau! Aaaaaaa."
Is she uneasy because she can't see my face?
Miki: "Sempai, Sempa-, Taichi-sempai......"
I put my nose inside her hair.
I told her I was right behind her.
Miki's pervasive scent, and the sensation of her genitalia being tied down, made my brain harmoniously numb.
I entered and left her insides with the greatest strokes.
Miki: "I...I don't know......I just don't know!...... Aaa......no, nono, Sempai, no!"
A voice like whispering.
Though I want to be exhausted already, the stimulus won't let me.
That's how it felt.
I became more excited and continued my deep penetration.
When I entered up to my base, delicate pleats rubbed all of it while enveloping it.
I felt like I'd melt.
Melt, disappear and flow into Miki's womb.
That illusion.
Miki: "Amazing, you're amaziiing......I'm becoming strange......"
I'm already strange.
Suddenly, the foothills of my genitalia ached.
Pleasure rose above the pain.
Taichi: "Ah......I might cum."
Miki: "......p-lease...cum......"
She said painfully.
Taichi: "Miki too?"
Miki: "Uuuu, no, I can't......"
Taichi: "No, Miki will cum too."
I shook left and right.
Miki: "Hi!......no-not that movement......I won't be able to breathe......"
Taichi: "You mean this?"
Miki: "Aaah stooop!"
Our union twisted, and our coupling came off.
Taichi: "Ah......Miki......"
The moment I came out, she fell flat on her face.
I feel sorry for her, but...
I rose my hips and entered once more.
Miki: "Uuuuuu......"
Her ears were red.
Her whole body was sweating.
Since her physical strength was different from mine, anything I did put a burden on Miki.
I pushed into her with my hips.
Miki: "Ah......uuu......"
I devoured that hotly mired part of her.
Miki: "Ah......I'm going...to cum......"
Taichi: "Eh? You're cumming?"
Miki: "I'm!......Cumm......"
Her butt bent sharply.
Pulling up my hips from below.
I was squeezed down to the base.
The pleasure is increasing, but I still can't climax.
Miki: "Haa! Haa!......"
Her breath was rough.
I moved.
Miki: "Aaa, haa......ha!......Sempa-!......Uuuuu!"
I was wringing the vitality out of Miki.
Miki: "Ah, no, no, I'm, cum---"
Convulsions.
By now she only had enough vitality left to shake.
If her limbs didn't run wild, the satisfaction would run even wilder through her body, driving Miki even further on.
Miki: "Ah, again, I'm cumming......"
How many times has it been?
Miki would no longer stop.
Miki: "Aau......"
She climaxed again without words.
My satisfaction was filling little by little.
I felt like I'd disgorge soon.
Miki: "N-nooo, ah......"
The drawstring was tightened.
I used even that pressure as I moved.
Miki: "Uuuuuuuuu."
This is cruel treatment for Miki.
However,
I can't not do this.
Miki: "......no......I'll die......I'm going to die...!!!!"
Her irregular contractions increased the stimulus dozens of times.
Aaah---
My end came.
As she shook strongly, I touched my nozzle to her core.
I came.
Miki: "Haaaa......a......u......"
Miki's vagina swallowed it.
Her tightening pleats resembled the movements of a throat.
Inviting me.
Miki: "Ha! Ha! Ha!......Hau!......Hawa!......Uuuu......"
While connected, we both fell on our sides.
Miki: "Ha, ha! Ha!......haa."
We had no time to exchange words.
Miki would fall asleep soon.
Taichi: "......Miki."
I embraced her, I kissed all the parts my lips could touch.
And then......I too closed my eyes.
......
............
........................
When I woke up, Miki was in my arms.
Miki: "Fuwa......"
Our eyes met.
Miki: "......kya!?"
Taichi: "Hey!"
Miki: "Eh, huh? Where am...?"
Is she getting disturbed?
Taichi: "Didn't we just do something erotic?"
Miki: "Ah, that's right......right, right."
She stuck out her tongue.
Taichi: "You really......"
Miki: "*sob*......buuut, I can't imagine that as anything other than normal sexual harassment."
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Miki: "Aaah, I'm not a virgin anymore."
Taichi: "Yep. You're an excellent beech now."
Miki: "Gabu."
My nose was bitten.
Taichi: "Owww!!"
Miki: "And now a kiss!"
She jumped onto me.
Taichi: "Whoa."
She embraced me head on and kissed me.
Miki: "Nnn......nnn......nnnnn......"
A morning saliva exchange.
......now I'm hard.
Miki: "Uu......this...stiffness?"
Taichi: "Well..."
Miki: "......wanna do it?"
Taichi: "I want to, but......are we okay for time?"
Miki: "Aaah......"
Miki: "Then, kissing instead!"
Do girls like kissing?
Miki: "Nnn."
I have my alarm clock set for ten AM on Sundays, but...
I spent nearly an hour kissing Miki.
Miki: "Chooon."
There was Miki punctually wearing her uniform.
Miki: "I feel so refreshed."
Taichi: "Yep."
Miki: "Taichi-kun is also feeling refreshed."
Taichi: "Yeaaah."
We both entered the bathwater.
Though it was precious overnight water, today is the end anyway so it doesn't matter.
Miki: "......what are you doing?"
Taichi: "There."
Miki: "Aaah, a bottle suddenly popped up!"
Miki: "Eh? How?"
Taichi: "When you were getting in, I chilled this in the mini-fridge on high power."
Miki: "It's a Ramune with the marble inside."
Taichi: "Eighty yen at the Tasaki Shop."
Miki: "Pretty..."
Taichi: "You can see the world sparkling beautifully through the marble."
Miki: "It's like summer."
Taichi: "Yep."
We drank the Ramune together.
Miki: "It's gotten beautiful, and the Ramune was great, so I think I'll be going soon."
Taichi: "I was thinking I'd go to club."
Miki: "......you're really going to go to the club?"
Taichi: "All the preparations are made."
Taichi: "Even that broken antenna might reach somewhere."
Miki: "Umm..."
Miki: "Won't you live in the same time with me?"
Eyes asking me,
Seriously.
Taichi: "......I appreciate the offer, but..."
Miki: "Are you sure?"
Taichi: "I want to forget. The aftertaste is pretty bad."
Miki: "......I've been watching Sempai every week."
Miki: "Not all the Sempais are the same person, you know?"
Taichi: "That's true."
Miki: "The you and me living and talking here now will only happen once."
Taichi: "But Miki, you're forgetting."
Taichi: "My rationality is an incredibly easy thing to break."
Miki: "Ah......"
Taichi: "If we're together forever, Miki will be in danger."
Taichi: "Because Miki's so cute, I might put more force into it."
I rubbed her head.
Miki: "......this won't go anywhere."
Taichi: "That's how it works."
Taichi: "Well, if you ever want someone to spoil you, please ask the other Kurosu Taichis anytime."
Miki: "............"
There was no answer.
Taichi: "Now, are we going?"
Taichi: "We'll be going together for part of the way."
Miki: "Yes."
We walked.
On the way, Miki connected her hand with mine.
Taichi: "......nn?"
Miki: "I'll borrow this!"
Taichi: "Yep."
Meek.
Miki's hand was small and delicate.
With these hands, she survived being the arbiter of a world of only eight people.
Her timing when she kicked me as I ran was like that too.
Her movements when she saved Kiri on the roof.
That was nothing ordinary.
One who has moved by playing on the stillness of moments.
This is the difference between ordinary and extraordinary.
Miki lived on, and trained herself that way.
The word 'impressive' would hardly suffice.
Taichi: "Then, we part ways here."
Miki: "............"
She didn't let go of my hand.
Taichi: "Miki?"
Miki: "Uh, ummm, uhhh..."
Taichi: "Is there more you want to talk about?"
Miki: "Yes, actually......"
Taichi: "Actually?"
Miki: "Uhhh, weeell, aaah, I think......"
Standstill.
I sent her a lifeboat.
If the idiom doesn't work in English, change to "I gave her a hand" or "I helped her out" or something.
Taichi: "Come to think of it,"
Miki: "Yes!?"
Her face sparkled.
Even though she'd become strong, she was innocent.
Taichi: "Didn't you save Kiri on the roof?"
Miki: "Yes."
Taichi: "My eyes are the only good part of me, so I knew."
Miki: "......haa?"
Taichi: "Those weren't someone's calculated movements."
Her eyes opened up.
Taichi: "And that's all I'll say."
Miki: "........................"
She stood there, as if hit by a divine revelation.
Taichi: "......Miki, live as you are now. You went to the trouble of preserving yourself this long."
Taichi: "I look forward to a far off other me getting to meet Miki when she's an amazing adult woman."
Miki: "......eh? Yes......I'll...become an amazing woman......"
A hoarse voice.
Taichi: "Okay, about that."
Taichi: "Here's my diary. Please make sure you put it in the hokora."
Her hands were feeble as she took it.
Miki: "............okay."
I bent down for my last kiss.
And parted quickly.
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "Well then, see you next week."
I liked this farewell.
I'll go coolly.
I turned my heels properly.
I walked away gentlemanly.
Miki: "......Sempai!"
I stopped.
Miki: "This week! Thank you for taking care of me!!"
Her mouth shook with that standardized farewell.
Taichi: "......yeah."
Miki: "See you next week!"
She swung her hand back and forth.
Yes, yes.
Those who try to live on their own really make an effort.
Treating yourself as precious is a path that becomes harder with time, since...
This is an extreme way of putting it, but...
If one can change their mind on all their self-sacrificing actions, they'll all become actions devoted to oneself.
Miki is so right.
Taichi: "Yeah."
So we parted like this.
Now then,
I went to the roof and took care of Tomoki's body.
I'll get that antenna out of him......well, I tried to, but it was fixed in place.
Taichi: "Damn uptight guy."
Literally.
I tried to sit him in a chair, but he was fixed in place.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
With no other choice, I grabbed his ankles and stomped on his shoulders, forcing him horizontal.
I heard a cracking noise.
Sorry, Tomoki's corpse.
By now, would this be a soulless Tomoki?
I stood the horizontal Tomoki up by the fence.
Taichi: "Okay, Tomoki. Now you're part of the club too. We'll do it with just the two of us!"
Tomoki's Corpse: "............"
No reaction. Like a dead body.
Well, he is a dead body......
The antenna had been breaking apart.
Yes, now I can tell.
Tomoki had tried to destroy the antenna.
He had quite a grudge for Misato-sempai......for Aneki.
He interfered with her.
And then the broken antenna......Tomoki......
Sempai came to the roof and saw her brother's corpse.
And then......she fell.
Tomoki was killed by coincidence.
Taichi: "It's totally your fault that the antenna got so short."
Tomoki's Corpse: "............"
Taichi: "Not talking? Are you the sullen type?"
Now then,
Now that I've enjoyed talking to Tomoki's corpse, I'll start the club.
I adjusted the height of the mike.
Power on.
The frequency......maybe it's best not to touch it.
Well, it should be fine.
I'm pretty sure......if I do this......there we go.
Begin broadcast.
Taichi: "Ummm......"
Taichi: "Nnn, what should I do..."
I thought.
I'm apolitical, without any particular opinions.
Nnn.
Okay!
Taichi: "Eeeh, this is......the Gunjou Institute Broadcast Channel......the channel name is......eeeh......Red Scorpio, let's go with that. I would like to prick you repeatedly."
Taichi: "Today, we have Dead Tomoki-san as a guest from the land of the dead."
Tomoki's Corpse: "............"
Taichi: "He's a cool, shy boy."
Taichi: "Eeeh..."
Taichi: "Anyway, is anyone alive out there?"
Taichi: "......if you are, how should I put this, please live."
Taichi: "Please live until you die."
Taichi: "There really are many valuable things that are only possible when one is living, right Dead Tomoki-san?"
Tomoki's Corpse: "............"
Taichi: "He's an attractive, taciturn guy."
Taichi: "Well, it's okay if you die, but......"
Taichi: "I think human relationships might be more precious than any of us realize."
Taichi: "We make ourselves with influence from others."
Taichi: "I've felt that firsthand, but what about you?"
Taichi: "It's okay if you can live on by yourself......if you have that kind of strength."
Taichi: "But I think most people are weak."
Taichi: "If I really became alone, I'm sure I'd break."
Taichi: "Even though the world's full of malice,"
Taichi: "There may not be much else, but,"
Taichi: "......even so, someone's here."
Taichi: "Someone other than yourself."
Taichi: "That's---"
Miki: "Humans are okay as long as they have themselves. Right, Sempai?"
I stopped.
I looked.
Miki.
Taichi: "Miki......?"
Miki: "I went and secured the notebook."
Taichi: "But, wait......?"
Taichi: "Do you have enough time?"
Miki: "It's coming pretty soon."
Taichi: "Isn't that bad? You need to hurry back-"
She was drenched in sweat.
Had she come back here running?
For what purpose?
Miki: "......aah, I don't think I'd make it if I went back now."
Taichi: "What are you doing? Hurry up and go!"
Miki: "I will go once I'm done here. I'm the type to care really deeply about myself."
Taichi: "Done with what?"
Her expression neatly braced itself.
Miki: "Sempai, this world......it's not the world we were in."
Taichi: "What?"
Miki: "Please read this. It's the easiest way for you to understand."
Miki took out a bulky diary notebook.
Miki: "From page fifty-two."
I tried reading.
Date: --/--
It's been about a month since the large-scale 'spiriting away' was confirmed.
Those people disappeared in a flash.
When did they disappear?
How did they disappear?
No one saw the moment when they disappeared.
Humanity didn't have the time to clarify the cause.
The population of Upper Misaka City is now less than half of what it was.
The number of students has decreased.
The student called Kurosu is the same as ever.
He's living as noisily as always in this crisis of a situation.
He was one of the more serious ones, but he looked perfectly healthy. It's truly ironic.
When will I disappear?
Date: --/--
Classes can now be joined at will.
Nothing can be done about there being only a tenth of the students that there used to be.
I just play with figurines at my house.
However, they can't see, nor can they love.
It's no more than self-satisfaction.
Good thing my family's gone.
It doesn't seem like I'll be able to endure my family's disappearance.
The power plant was brought to a halt after all. It's only natural.
Date: --/--
I disposed of the figurines.
Just because people are gone, hobbies have become meaningless.
I can't get in the mood to do anything.
'The world is stable.'
That fact was connected to the enjoyment of hobbies.
Even I, who hated people, was connected to the world.
Through ventilation I was still barely living.
Food can be provided somehow, since the number of mouths to feed has decreased.
Cases of barter increased.
I want to eat steak so badly.
Date: --/--
Even when I head into town, I don't see many people.
Is anyone still alive?
I started wandering around.
The television no longer functioned.
The radio only has static, so I can't hear a thing.
It's quiet. I feel like I'll go crazy.
Date: --/--
I didn't see anyone today.
Date: --/--
A delivery truck came.
But it had no driver.
I searched all around, but there was no one.
Only the truck with its engine running was left.
Scary. I'm scared.
Date: --/--
I borrowed the resources in the truck.
Tons of bread.
But I don't need curry bread.
I brought what I wanted to my house in several trips.
I brought the case of curry bread to the school cafeteria.
If anyone's left alive, they'll eat it.
Date: --/--
I didn't meet anyone today.
Date: --/--
Is there anyone here......?
Date: --/--
I met Yamanobe Miki.
I was jubilant.
But Yamanobe was afraid. She wouldn't have anything to do with me.
She was saying something about Kurosu.
Kurosu is dangerous? I don't understand.
Yamanobe ran away.
I searched for her through the night, but I couldn't find her.
Date: --/--
Yamanobe died. What a thing to happen...
She was killed. By someone.
Kurosu? Is this was she meant when she said Kurosu was dangerous?
It's true that Kurosu was a seriously unadaptive person, but...
There was some kind of cause.
I want to meet someone.
I think I'll try searching for Kurosu tomorrow.
Anyone's fine.
The diary cut off here.
Taichi: "......this...is Sakakibara's diary?"
Miki: "When I investigated various things a while back......I found this."
Miki: "This is a different world."
Miki: "It's a similar, but different world."
Miki: "......an empty world without the original residents."
Miki: "We were thrown into it. Probably, on the way home from that campout......"
My heart jumped.
On the way home from the campout.
Then...then---
These eyes have---
Taichi: "......where was it?"
Miki: "They're in most people's houses. But that one's the easiest to understand."
Miki: "This means there are other Sempais and other mes besides those in this world."
Miki: "So, Sakakibara-sensei was probably killed."
Sounds almost like Sakakibara, but I'm not positive.  Here's a save right at the line for anyone else who wants to take a listen. (#40 from http:www.mediafire.com/download.php?oknhnzzdzxz)
Miki: "Because a hallway in the Institute was covered in blood."
Taichi: "......I...did it?"
Miki: "The Sempai of this world."
Taichi: "I......"
Miki: "Of this world!"
Taichi: "But, it was me."
I dropped the diary.
Taichi: "I'm so worthless---"
Miki: "You're fine."
I was embraced.
Miki: "So, calm down."
I held her too.
The small Miki gave me a huge relief.
Taichi: "......the worlds...are crossing, aren't they?"
That crossing point was this one-week world.
Such absurdity......like sci-fi.
But,
Taichi: "......did you come back here just to tell me that?"
Miki: "Yes......"
Taichi: "Isn't it meaningless?"
Miki: "That's true. I just noticed."
Taichi: "......that's a lie."
Miki: "Yes."
Taichi: "Are you an idiot?"
Miki: "But......"
Miki: "I loved you."
Taichi: "......"
Miki: "I love Sempai......and had sex with him......"
Miki: "I fell in love with this Sempai!"
She clung to me. Tightly.
Miki: "With...this Sempai."
Miki: "I didn't know......that falling in love with someone......"
Miki: "I didn't think...it would hurt this much!"
Miki: "My chest......it's tightening..."
Miki: "Tears are coming out."
Miki: "I'm sniffling."
Miki: "I'm making an unsightly face, and my heart is beyond control."
Miki: "It's not logical."
Miki: "......you're warm."
Taichi: "I'm glad to hear that......but didn't you like Kiri-chin?"
Miki: "I think......I like her."
Miki: "But, she broke......"
Miki: "I killed Kiri-chin several times."
Miki: "In order for me to live......Kiri was the only one who could pull away the scary Sempai's awareness."
So she could catch me by surprise.
Miki: "Hasekura-sempai and Taichi-sempai. I had to live on desperately despite those two monsters."
Taichi: "I'm sorry."
Miki: "......I'm tired."
Miki: "I don't...want to......kill anymore."
Miki: "That's......not an easy thing......"
Miki: "Each time I kill Kiri-chin, my entire heart cracks."
Miki: "......that memory has recurred several times...... I've held it......and lived on......that's......that is..."
She spat it out.
Miki: "Hell."
Miki: "That's why......I've......decided."
Miki: "......I'll forget...everything."
She echoed proudly.
Her resolve made her words noble.
Taichi: "......Miki's a good girl."
Miki: "I'm broken......and I didn't think of people as people......"
Taichi: "You're better than me."
Taichi: "Miki's got a long way to go before becoming a worthless monster like me."
Miki: "......"
With words,
I tried beating on Miki's heart.
As if knocking.
Softly.
Taichi: "Miki has no skill."
Miki: "Ahaha......hahaha......"
Miki: "That's...right......hahaha......ha......uua......"
She smiled with a teary voice.
Taichi: "......that three-person date was fun, wasn't it?"
Miki: "Yes......"
Taichi: "Living by yourself got lonely, didn't it?"
Miki: "......that's not true at all. I care about myself the most."
Taichi: "That's also a lie."
Taichi: "Even though......I finally understand that."
It would never have happened.
In order to become a more noble version of myself, what sort of sacrifices would I make?
Miki did nothing more than that.
I suddenly started wanting to continue existing with Miki.
Taichi: "......let's go to the hokora. If we use a car---"
Miki: "It's too late."
Then, suddenly,
The sky grew dark.
Taichi: "!?"
Miki: "It's started......"
The Miki that had been maintained until now,
The Miki that had been built up,
Would be reset.
Really.
The world really is being rolled back.
That's......an excerpt of Miki's subjective time. In other words,
This means a partial disappearance.
Miki was shaking.
In my arms.
Terror.
That's right.
Miki's terror should be heavier than mine.
It's natural for her to be afraid.
I pushed her head into my chest.
Miki: "I'm scared...would you please keep holding me?"
Taichi: "Relax. I'm pretty scared too."
Miki: "The memory of this conversation...will disappear with everything else......"
I patted her back with the hands I held her with.
Taichi: "Don't think about that so much."
Miki: "Eeuua......"
Taichi: "How will we disappear?"
Miki: "Only those who've experienced it would know."
Taichi: "That's true."
Miki: "What do you think happened to Sakuraba-sempai?"
Taichi: "Inside me, he's already set as dead."
Miki: "Another loveless thing to say......"
Taichi: "Don't you say that!"
Miki: "Ahahahaha."
It was just like an everyday conversation.
Taichi: "Seriously...damn this world for doing it so thoughtlessly."
Miki: "Hey, Taichi-sempai."
Taichi: "What is it, my girl?"
Miki: "I love you."
Those became the last words I heard.
Three hands overlapped.
One was mine.
One was Tomoki's.
One was Sakuraba's.
We weren't that close.
I had a certain history with Sakuraba.
Tomoki was a man lacking wit.
I was me, and for the first time, I had male friends.
I'd decided I couldn't form a relationship because we were all different human beings.
But I was wrong.
There are times when human beings fit well together because they're different.
The thing which tied the three of us together.
......that was Eros.
During the idle standby time of the club, Sakuraba suddenly blurted out,
Sakuraba: 『Bloomers are nice.』
From that whispering bloomed the flower of friendship.
We were not the bloomer generation.
Which was precisely why were crazily yearning for that wonderful fetish clothing.
After all, spats are just boring.
And that is how---
All three: "Although the days in which we were born differ, we shall not wish for graduation (from school and from chastity) on the same day at the same time."
It was a vow to remain chaste until graduation.
No rushing ahead.
Actually, by this time I was already......
But, my soul remained a cherry.
No problem.
Afterward, it became clear that Sakuraba was slightly impotent and Tomoki was a siscon.
Everyone had problems of their own.
But, I didn't care.
The point was that we wanted to make a 『promise』.
We wanted to play the game of friendship.
We decided we would someday go to Peachland in commemoration of the loss ceremony.
There was also the opinion of the Matebook.
But that was no good.
Because my face was already cracking.
Our three hands kept overlapping, with no sign of separation.
Like this, we began mating.
It was a bolt from the blue.
Sakuraba and I reunited during our first year.
Sakuraba: 『Do you remember me?』
Taichi: 『......ah?』
Sakuraba: 『From the Gunjou Festival play.』
Taichi: 『......you.』
Sakuraba: 『I'm Sakuraba Hiroshi.』
Sakuraba: 『I don't like being called by my surname, so please call me Hiro.』
That face definitely rang a bell.
Unpleasant memories were appended to it, but...
........................
Taichi: 『Don't touch.』
Sakuraba: 『......does it bother you?』
Taichi: 『Why wouldn't it?』
Sakuraba: 『Sorry.』
Taichi: 『Forget the apology. Don't come near me.』
Sakuraba: 『Forgive me.』
Taichi: 『No way. Don't talk to me again.』
Sakuraba: 『By the way, on the internet yesterday---』
Taichi: 『............』
Unfazed. Unlearning. Undiscouraged.
Sakuraba seems to be that kind of guy.
........................
Sakuraba: 『Yo.』
Taichi: 『I said not to talk to me.』
Sakuraba: 『Did you do your homework?』
Taichi: 『Can you hear me? Do your ears work?』
Sakuraba: 『Yeah, I can't hear. Only on one side though.』
Taichi: 『......ah?』
Sakuraba: 『From when I got something good from you.』
I'm pretty sure I punched him.
But I only wanted to protect my chastity.
Taichi: 『......so what's wrong? That was self-defense.』
Sakuraba: 『Of course. You did nothing wrong.』
Taichi: 『......』
Sakuraba: 『I was inexperienced.』
Sakuraba: 『When I think about it......I was moved.』
Sakuraba: 『Because you were beautiful on the stage.』
Taichi: 『Aaah, is that so? Thanks. Though I'm not happy about it.』
Sakuraba: 『Be at ease. There's no longer any impurity within me.』
Taichi: 『......I wonder about that.』
Sakuraba: 『No. Not any more. It was shocking in many ways.』
Sakuraba: 『It feels like a raw, uncontrollable something disappeared from within me.』
Taichi: 『That just means you're impotent.』
Sakuraba: 『Aaah, that's right.』
He smiled at that.
........................
Sakuraba: 『Yo, Taichi.』
Taichi: 『......you again......?』
Taichi: 『I'd been feeling relieved here for a while after you went away.』
Sakuraba: 『I went to dig up a fossil.』
Taichi: 『Haa?』
The meaning was unclear.
Sakuraba: 『I thought it was an Ammonite or something, but it was just a beetle larva.』
Taichi: 『......are you a moron?』
........................
The days were dry of lunches.
Meal tickets and bread had sold out.
Sakuraba: 『Yo, you alone?』
Taichi: 『......』
*thud* *thud* *thud!*
Taichi: 『What're you doing!?』
A mountain of purchased bread.
Sakuraba: 『I bought all kinds.』
Sakuraba: 『Let's look for the tastiest.』
Taichi: 『......please do it yourself.』
Sakuraba: 『You eat some too.』
Taichi: 『Don't need it.』
Sakuraba: 『I can't eat all of it by myself.』
Sakuraba: 『Hey, this curry bread...it's unbelievably delicious.』
Taichi: 『............』
I tried eating it.
Taichi: 『Oh, oeeeeeh!』
The worst.
Taichi: 『You think this is good!?』
Sakuraba: 『These cutlet sandwiches are worthless. Here.』
I tried eating one.
Taichi: 『......it's good.』
Sakuraba: 『It is? Do you have a strange tongue?』
You do.
........................
Gunjou's curriculum has long work hours.
Even after classes end, the main gate won't open for thirty minutes.
The thirty minutes waiting in front of the gate were always a time of boredom.
Sakuraba: 『Going home?』
Taichi: 『......yeah.』
He stood next to me.
Sakuraba: 『Birds are nice. I'll be a bird the next time I'm reborn.』
He said suddenly.
Taichi: 『Your head already seems to be flying away somewhere.』
Sakuraba: 『Hahaha.』
Taichi: 『......do you understand sarcasm?』
........................
I became a member of the Broadcasting Club.
The first day I showed myself in the club room,
Taichi: 『Oh, you were here......』
Sakuraba: 『Don't accompany me.』
Taichi: 『I didn't want to, you know.』
By the way, Tomoki had come a little late.
It seems Mimi-sempai was the scout.
Tomoki: 『I'm Shima Tomoki, so......hello.』
Sakuraba: 『I'm Sakuraba Hiroshi. I don't like being called by my surname, so please call me Hiro.』
Tomoki: 『......well......eventually......』
He was made wonderfully indecisive.
........................
The three of us spent prescribed time in the club room.
It was decided.
Tomoki: 『I said that's not right......why're you making that mistake?』
Sakuraba: 『Because this way's more interesting.』
Tomoki: 『Shougi is a battle.』
Sakuraba: 『I do interesting things when I play.』
Sakuraba: 『Hey, Taichi, wanna join in? Let's play.』
Taichi: 『......ha.』
I shrugged my shoulders.
Tomoki: 『......something about Kurosu doesn't feel right.』
Sakuraba: 『Really? I like him.』
I can hear conversations in low voices.
Please stop.
I wanted to scream.
........................
Tomoki: 『That was your job!』
Taichi: 『......I didn't think I had any obligation to do it.』
Tomoki: 『You do, since you're a member of the club.』
Taichi: 『Let it go, Siscon-kun.』
I said with contempt, and made Shima Tomoki's face flush for a moment.
Tomoki: 『......you!!』
We got into a scuffle.
He jumped on top of me.
Amateur!
I hit him.
I went easy on him.
I hit him in such a way it inflicted pain without really hurting him.
While hitting, I was bored.
I was sick of this trivial third-rate performance.
I realized eyes were on me.
Taichi: 『What are you looking at?』
Sakuraba: 『I'm just looking.』
Taichi: 『Is this interesting?』
Sakuraba: 『It's youthful.』
Taichi: 『............』
Sakuraba: 『What's wrong? Keep at it until you're satisfied. Raise your youth level higher.』
Taichi: 『......』
Tomoki: 『......』
We stood up.
Taichi: 『......I'm done. This is stupid.』
Tomoki: 『Hey, your job!』
Shut up.
Taichi: 『Heh-heh......I'll do it.』
Tomoki: 『......will you now? If only you'd do these things right away.』
Taichi: 『I don't know a thing about this stuff.』
Tomoki: 『Then why not ask someone about it?』
He said as if it was something obvious.
Cut lips.
Even though he was frowning from the pain, Tomoki said nothing bitter.
Sakuraba: 『Hey.』
Taichi: 『What?』
Sakuraba: 『......is your youth over already?』
Taichi: 『......』
Taichi: 『Work.』
........................
If he helped out, he'd be doing the same thing......
Sakuraba: 『Heeey.』
Taichi: 『Yoooo.』
Sakuraba: 『......I'm shocked.』
Taichi: 『What happened? Did you get interviewed again?』
Sakuraba: 『A cat died.』
Taichi: 『Ah?』
Sakuraba: 『A cat was run over by a car and died. That's not good. Not good at all.』
Taichi: 『......run over you say......hey......why are you crying?』
Sakuraba: 『......I don't know. It's probably because of the cat.』
Taichi: 『Probably......?』
Sakuraba: 『I can't stop.』
Sakuraba: 『......I can't stop.』
It seems that he was surprisingly naive.
However, due to Sakuraba's peculiar standards,
After another while,
Sakuraba: 『Hey, I'm shocked.』
Taichi: 『What is it this time?』
Sakuraba: 『It seems I'm being made into the laughing stock of the school.』
Taichi: 『Don't just notice that now.』
I instructed him in a speechgiving tone.
Taichi: 『Understand that sooner.』
Sakuraba: 『......am I that comical a man?』
This guy might just be insensible to malice.
Well, anyway,
Won't he, by some chance, eventually be crushed?
That's what I thought at the time.
But actually......it was the exact opposite.
No matter how much Sakuraba got depressed, he had the toughness to revive from any crushing mental defeat.
After hurting for some time, he would do something reckless to heal himself.
He went on journeys, danced and played music.
He generally recovered within a week.
........................
And then we somehow started hanging out together.
The peach park vow was something that happened a while after that---
When I left my house to go to school, Hasekura Youko was there.
Youko: "Good morning, Taichi."
Taichi: "Yeah. So, now I'll be saying bye-bye."
I walked away.
My sleeve was grabbed from behind.
Taichi: "Gueh......"
Youko: "You...you could talk to me a little......"
Her voice was shaking.
Taichi: "You may be dependent on me but, you sometimes work against me."
Taichi: "That's why I can't completely trust you."
Youko: "Producing an appropriate stimulus."
Taichi: "Don't you want to make me dance in the palm of your hand, you squid-bellied girl?"
Youko: "......like Shima Tomoki. A little bit disillusioned."
I was disillusioned.
Youko: "Isn't that just fine? Taichi's rather monkey-like after all."
Taichi: "Don't make fun of me. I am a primate."
Youko: "............"
I had the feeling that I was being made fun of.
Damn, she's defiant.
I'll harass her.
I flipped her skirt.
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "Be you not adorned with a prurient pair of shorts?"
Youko: "Women are always serious."
She didn't budge.
Taichi: "I'll lower your panties you know?"
Youko: "......will you?"
Taichi: "I won't......"
Youko: "Go ahead."
Uuu...
Boring...
This girl has no fetish.
She has no shame.
No good.
There's no way I can give her my cherry soul.
Leaving physical methods aside,
Taichi: "Then this."
I took 'that' out of the Taichi Bag.
Then I pinched her nose.
I waited for the moment her mouth would open for oxygen.
Youko: "......"
Five seconds.
Ten seconds.
Thirty seconds.
One minute.
One and a half minutes.
Taichi: "......umm, do you need to breathe?"
Youko: "............"
Why is she fine?
I stopped.
When I let go, she took a shallow breath.
Youko: "If your blood oxygen level is high, you can stop breathing for a long time."
Taichi: "Are you a mermaid?"
Youko: "What did you want to do?"
Taichi: "......I was thinking I'd make you open your mouth."
Youko: "Aaah."
That was easy.
Taichi: "Stick out your tongue."
Youko: "Nnnn."
A long tongue.
I sprinkled ten drops of Tabasco.
I rubbed them in with my fingers.
What a thick tongue.
And its surface was quite rough.
With those attributes, she could be the greatest of the pink salon girls.
Taichi: "Okay, I'm finished."
Youko: "......"
I thought for a moment that she might be fine.
Youko: "......!!"
She held her mouth and started shaking.
She leaned against the brick wall.
It worked.
Because she has such a superb tongue, she's more sensitive.
Taichi: "Want some juice?"
Youko: "......yes, yes......quickly......"
She drank as if tearing off part of the bottle.
Taichi: "Is chili juice delicious?"
Youko: "Uu......"
She faced the fence and collapsed.
Taichi: "I won......"
I got the feeling that I'd won for the first time in a while.
Now then, let's go to school.
Youko: "......at......least......the be......ntou......"
She held fast to me.
She tried to hand me a paper bag with teary eyes.
I was urged on by a fair amount of guilt.
Taichi: "......I understand, I'll take it."
Are you my mother?
Not that I have a mother, but...
Youko: "See you later."
I'm thankful for it, but I couldn't honestly be happy.
I bumped into a girl on the hill.
Nanaka: "Kya......owowowww......watch where you're walking, you bungler!"
Taichi: "Ku......what? Isn't it your fault for looking off to one side!?"
Nanaka: "I've loved you since the first time we bumped into each other!"
She embraced me.
Taichi: "Haee? Way too fast!"
I've never seen such high speed hormones.
Taichi: "......who have I bumped into?"
Nanaka: "Nanaka."
Taichi: "Nanaka......yeah, good name."
Nanaka: "Thanks."
Nanaka: "Well, as to what I am exactly, you'll have to wait for the continuing investigation."
Taichi: "You're not a ghost?"
Nanaka: "Aaah, I think I'm not."
Taichi: "From how I see you, you're pretty ghostic."
*ghostic = ghost-like
Nanaka: "I'm not. I have legs."
Taichi: "Well......that's......recent ghosts often have legs......"
Nanaka: "Well, as to what I am exactly, you'll have to wait for the continuing investigation."
The topic was forcefully averted.
Taichi: "......fine by me."
Nanaka: "Then I'll give you my card."
I took it.
JOB   Next-Gen Pretty Girl
NAME  〜NANACA〜
I'll heal your heart♪
Taichi: "............"
What part of this should I comment on?
Nanaka: "Hu-huuun."
Nanaka seemed quite proud of it, as if to say,
Nanaka: 『You can fall in love with me.』
With that sidelong glance and unparalleled childish features.
Taichi: "'Nanaka' is romanized wrong."
Nanaka: "That's intentional."
A suddenly serious face. I think she's mad.
Taichi: "............"
Is this risky?
As a famously capable young adult, there was no atmosphere I couldn't read.
And it told me,
That this girl was bad.
Although, no matter how I think about it, that must be a mistake. That's not possible...
But......it would be unadvisable to continue interacting with a lunatic.
Taichi: "You're extremely cute, but what business have you here?"
Nanaka: "Weeell, that was pretty exhilarating..."
Her mood recovered in an instant.
A reaction peculiar to dangerous persons.
Nanaka: "When that woman was suffering and agonizing!"
I chuckled.
Taichi: "You saw that?"
Nanaka: "A glance of it."
Nanaka: "That was refreshing!"
Taichi: "......do you dislike Youko-chan?"
Nanaka: "She's an unpleasant woman. I stick my tongue out at her."
Taichi: "I don't know what happened between you and Youko-chan......"
Nanaka: "Nothing. We've never met. She just annoys me."
Nanaka: "That's why I feel good this morning..."
Taichi: "Aaah, is that so?"
Nanaka: "That's why I didn't run you over this week."
R-run me over?
I don't know what she means.
Nanaka: "That sort of person really isn't good."
Taichi: "......you've made it clear that you hate her with a vengeance."
Nanaka: "Isn't 'hate' a mistake?"
Taichi: "Well......"
How much does she know?
Nanaka: "That woman......took Taichi's first after all......so I......"
She got dark.
Taichi: "My first?"
Nanaka: "Aaah, I remembered something unpleasant. Heh-heh. Forget it."
Taichi: "Umm..."
Nanaka: "Palate cleansing♪"
*kiss*
Taichi: "............!!"
Taichi: "Wh-what? Why!?"
Nanaka: "Why not? It doesn't wear off."
Taichi: "You seem strangely impatient......as a capable young adult, I......"
Nanaka: "Well, that woman doesn't matter at all."
Nanaka: "Taichiii, make sure you're not tempted and misguided by anything, okay?"
Taichi: "Well......I don't think I will."
Really, what is this person?
I can't feel any of the density of something that exists.
She has no presence.
Nanaka: "You know, I'm a bit serious today."
Taichi: "Haa?"
Nanaka: "In the near future, I want you to come to the hokora with me."
Taichi: "What? For rape?"
Nanaka: "You think I'd do that!!?"
Nanaka: "That's not it, I'm being serious. You do know the hokora, right?"
Taichi: "Well, yeah."
It's not a place I want to get that close to.
After all that's where---
Nanaka: "I'm a little afraid of this sort of thing, but......I want you to come."
Nanaka: "After all, compared to that woman, Taichi's not that good at investigating."
Taichi: "By 'that woman,' you mean Youko-chan?"
Nanaka: "......I don't like it, but she's excellent."
Taichi: "The very way she uses her brain is different."
Taichi: "It's best not to think much about that."
Nanaka: "That's true."
Nanaka: "Hey, would you mind? Come with me for a bit!"
We joined hands.
Taichi: "Okay......let's go."
I'll take a look.
She appears to be a friendly ghost.
So she won't do anything to harm me.
Nanaka: "That's more like it, Taichi!"
She snapped her fingers.
We walked up the mountain path.
I was here just yesterday.
Taichi: "Nanaka, you okay?"
Nanaka: "Aaah, I'm fine, I'm fine! I take pride in my fitness!"
I see, she hasn't shed a drop of sweat.
Maybe she's in a sports club?
Taichi: "Was it around here somewhere?"
Nanaka: "Just a bit deeper."
Nanaka: "Oh, don't be careless about the bushes on your side. There are traps."
Taichi: "Traps for animals?"
Nanaka: "Something like that. It's best that you disable them later."
Taichi: "......dangerous..."
Taichi: "There it is."
Taichi: "So, now that we're here---"
Nanaka had disappeared.
Taichi: "Huh? Nanakaaa?"
Taichi: "Heeey, Nanakaaa!"
Taichi: "What the hell? She just left me here?"
I didn't understand.
For now, I've made it to the hokora......
Guiding me somewhere just to disappear is very suggestive.
Is she telling me to investigate the hokora?
Taichi: "......hmm."
It'd be hollow to come all the way here only to go home without doing anything, so I investigated.
I opened the double doors half-heartedly.
Packed with notebooks.
Taichi: "......uwaa."
I was shocked.
In this simple dark space, there weren't any monsters or old bottles or short swords or crystal balls......
But there were a lot of notebooks.
A pile of student notebooks, without discrepancy.
Taichi: "......"
I took some out.
The covers were featureless, but they did have numbers written on them in magic marker.
Volume numbers?
I tried opening the notebook titled '1'.
......
............
........................
I finished skimming through it.
Taichi: "........................haa?"
Taichi: "Eh? What's this?"
I arranged it all in my head.
Taichi: "This means......"
1) I had another personality that wrote them.
2) Stuff I write in the future shows up here.
3) I was repeating the same period of time over and over.
Taichi: "......it's three."
There may be something else going on entirely,
But all of this is my handwriting.
Taichi: "So...the world is repeating itself."
It's utterly absurd, but that seemed a good way to understand it.
I'm glad I'm so flexible.
It doesn't connect to humanity's annihilation, but there's probably some relation.
Taichi: "But......"
In all of the notebooks I look at, I'm pretty carefree, but......
Taichi: "Somehow, they all seem like despairing struggles."
The repetitions aren't left in my memories.
It's like dying every time.
Like that game I played a long time ago.
Taichi: "............"
For a moment, I fell into deep thought.
And then a number of conjectures, suspicions, guided me to the actual facts.
Taichi: "Hmm."
The inside (or perhaps vicinity) of the hokora avoids the reset effect.
For a while I tried investigating the vicinity of the hokora.
Nothing came out.
Taichi: "It'd be too easy if I could tell just by looking."
There was Nanaka's existence too.
The fact that she guided me here.
Did that girl know too?
If the diary's accounts are to be believed, Nanaka appears each time.
Since she doesn't seem like a person, that might be.
I returned the notebooks to the hokora.
It's best to leave them here.
Even in the unlikely event that I forget......Youko-chan should be able to reach the truth by herself.
She should be able to arrive at the conclusion that I just thought of this instant, simply by looking at the notebooks.
Taichi: "Ah......that's right, her uniform."
PCP_S ccc0008b
Nanaka's uniform.
It was a design I'd never seen.
It's not the one from the nearby school (there's only one on the other side of the mountain).
If I encounter her again, I'll have to question her.
For now, what I should do,
Is pass the days and write my diary.
Living, while leaving information.
That's what I thought.
Taichi: "In any event, it's best to have fun."
A lonely repeating world.
But to me, it might be an ideal place.
Taichi: "......okay, let's go!"
Nanaka: "Well said! Very good Taichiii..."
Taichi: "Ah! Chupacabras!"
Nanaka: "Eh? Where?"
Dash.
Nanaka: "Aaah, don't ruuun!! Heeey!!"
She's too dangerous.
I'm not going to get possessed by a ghost.
Nanaka: "Youuuuuuuuuuuu!!!"
Though I did feel a bit sorry for her.
Now then,
Let's live this week energetically.
........................
Taichi: "......"
A spinning world...
How many times have I repeated this Monday?
As I thought such things,
I discovered Miki.
And she discovered me.
Taichi: "Heeey, Miki Mou---"
At the moment I tried to use a potentially copyright-infringing gag,
She rushed.
Toward me.
While stumbling.
Taichi: "Wa! Sorry! My bad! I didn't know the Sonny Bono Law was constitutional!"
Miki: "Uwaaaaaaan!!!"
She cried.
Taichi: "What's wrong!!?"
She leaped into my chest.
I caught her.
Miki: "Sempai, Sempai-Sempai-Sempaaaaaai!!!"
She blubbered.
Miki: "There's no one hereeeeeee!! Something's straaaaaaange! This absolutely isn't normaaaaaaal!!!"
Weak!!!
Is this what it means to have too few experience points?
Miki: "No one's in any of the houses! There's hardly anyone left, they've all disappeared!!"
Taichi: "D-didn't we figure that out last night?"
I consoled her while patting her back.
I'm weak against a girl's tears.
Miki: "But, but!"
Taichi: "Aren't I here?"
Miki: "......uuuuu! Yes......thank goodness......you're here......"
Although that was a joke.
Miki: "I woke up this morning, and mom wasn't there, and breakfast wasn't there......when I thought that everyone really had disappeared......"
Taichi: "Were you scared?"
She nodded as if to rub her forehead against me.
Miki: "I don't like this......I...don't......"
I looked up at the sky.
Taichi: "It really is lonely without other people."
Miki: "......I want to go home......"
She said something sharp.
That this wasn't our original world.
It was world'.
Miki's words were probably a coincidence, but...
They hit the target.
Taichi: "You want to go home......"
Miki: "I wanna go home, I wanna go home......"
Taichi: "That's a problem, what should we do?"
There's a way to console Miki.
A slightly cruel way.
A method I can use because we're similar people.
Because we're limited to one week.
I can do anything.
Like someone living their life to the fullest without regrets.
This week's proper us have to hurry up and live.
The moment when I thought up a number of captivating words to invite Miki,
A kick came.
Kiri: "Shaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Taichi: "Gaaa!!"
Kiri's kick plucked me off of Miki.
Taichi: "What're you doing!?"
Kiri: "Please cease your lecherous conduct!"
Taichi: "I'm no lecher!"
Kiri: "You're 100% a lecher."
Taichi: "I said I'm no lecher!"
Miki: "Haaa, Kiri-chin......"
Miki was depressed.
She grabbed onto Kiri.
Miki: "Fueeeeeeeeeeen!!"
Kiri: "You're fine, it's all right now."
Huh?
Taichi: "Miki......won't you explain my innocence?"
Miki: "Egu! *hic!* Uku!"
She's sobbing.
Instead, Kiri glared sharply at me.
Kiri: "......I won't forgive you."
Kiri: "I absolutely won't forgive a lecher!"
Taichi: "That's not it!"
Kiri: "Miki crying is the proof."
Taichi: "Hey hey hey hey."
This is no joke.
Are you going to frame me like this?
I have to run.
Dash!
Kiri: "Aaah! He ran!"
I reached the school.
What should I do......
Anyway, I'll try wandering around somewhere.
  -Club room
  -First year classroom
  -Hallway
  -Next page of choices
  -Second year classroom
  -Roof
  -Previous page of choices
Tomoki was fixing the camouflage on the hallway-facing window.
Taichi: "Heeey."
Tomoki: "Uu, Taichi......"
He moved away from the window, embarrassed.
The club room was built with a window on the side facing the hallway.
So that one could conduct surveillance from the outside.
You can figure out why.
Taichi: "......is there any meaning in fixing it?"
Tomoki: "It bothered me. There's no particular meaning to it."
Meaningless...huh...
That's certainly true. In practical terms.
But what about with regards to the heart?
Tomoki: "Stiiill, there really isn't anyone here."
Taichi: "Yeah, it seems like it really is just us eight."
Tomoki: "But still, this is just......"
That's right, Tomoki hated Mimi-sempai.
Even though she's his sister.
There seem to be a lot of circumstances causing their surnames to be different.
Family matters.
Taichi: "Were you serious last night?"
Tomoki: "Nn?"
Taichi: "When you said you would handle the food problem."
Tomoki: "Yeah, I'll get on that this afternoon. I just came to see what was going on at school."
Taichi: "Food..."
It's not needed.
The world's going to revolve in a week anyway.
Even if I died, I'd recover.
Taichi: "......"
My heart quivered.
No good......
I have to calm down.
Taichi: "Friendship wishes for-"
Tomoki: "Nothing."
Gu!
We gave each other a thumbs-up.
Tomoki: "......you're sudden."
Taichi: "Hey, Tomoki."
Tomoki: "Nn?"
Taichi: "Are you......fighting with Mimi-sempai?"
Tomoki: "Yeah......"
Taichi: "Is that going to continue even in these times?"
Tomoki: "......not really."
He darkened.
Tomoki: "I don't care about that person."
Tough words.
Taichi: "Though you seem to destroy a lot of things quarreling with her about manga and such."
Tomoki made a horribly sullen face.
I entered the first year classroom.
Kiri and Miki weren't there.
A cardboard box had fallen in the corner of the classroom.
It was an article dangerous in terms of copyright due to 'Miki House' being written in rounded red letters on it.
Taichi: "Let's battle in a safer place......"
Is it something of Miki's?
This is no time to be selling children's clothing.
I tried entering the Miki House.
Why do I keep entering every narrow space that I come across?
Still, this narrowness is good.
I waited.
Not long after, Kiri came.
Alone.
She set down her belongings and moved toward the window.
She confirmed there was no one around, and put her hand in her skirt.
She adjusted her underwear.
Taichi: "........................"
She adjusted her underwear.
She adjusted her underwear!
She adjusted her underwear!!
She adjusted her underwear!!!
She adjust** her underwear!!!!
She a**ust** her ****rwear!!!!
Sh* ****st** *er ****rwe**!!!!
*** ******** *** *********!!!!
I turned into an animal.
Camera.
Sobbing, camera.
Why didn't I bring a camera......why?
Frustration. Anger.
My self-resentment turned into black fire and swelled up.
Why!? Here!? Now!? Do I really have no camera!?
I forcefully punctuated my monologue, leaving my body in a storm of serious self-reflection.
Kiri's shamelessness didn't end there.
She looked at her surroundings.
She reconfirmed no one was here, then undid the hook on her skirt.
Kiri: "......aan."
Her skirt slid to the ground.
Exposing her panties---
My IQ lowered.
In its place my surface integral increased (adult joke).
Kiri: "......nn......there we go."
She lowered her underwear!
Then soon pulled them back up.
My eyes definitely captured faint pubic hair in that moment!
She picked up her skirt and put it back on.
Kiri: "......n-no leaking."
Leaking? What's leaking? It couldn't be......biology......?
A girl's casual shame.
Not tainted, but leaked. That's what they call it.
That was enough to erect me.
I can't hold back any longer. I can't...
When Kiri leaned against the window,
Taichi: "Ta-daaaa!!"
Kiri: "Kya!!?"
I exploded from the Miki House.
Kiri: "Ah, Kurosu......sempai!"
Taichi: "Ta-daaaa!!"
Kiri: "Wh-! Whwhwhwhwhwhwhwh-??"
She's panicking, she's panicking.
Taichi: "......I saw."
Kiri: "Saw...what......?"
Taichi: "Kiri's panties."
Kiri: "......UU!?"
Taichi: "Your adjusting them, and the scene after that."
Kiri: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......"
She's stunned. Trying to back out.
Taichi: "......lovely hair."
Kiri: "Ah, agyaa......"
She lost her words.
Taichi: "You showed me a good thing this morning. Thank you, Kiricchi."
Kiri: "S-such a......thing......uu, uuuuu......"
Taichi: "Also, I'm going to talk to you more freely now, so......would you like to have lunch together?"
Kiri: "Get ouuuuuuuuuuuuuut!!!"
I was beaten out.
Miki: "Suempuaaai......"
A voice called to me from behind.
Taichi: "Miki......"
The corners of her eyes were red.
She'd cried her eyes out.
Taichi: "Uu, are you okay?"
Miki: "Somehow..."
Taichi: "So you're living toooo, Mikiii."
Miki: "This is baaaad."
The tension of this conversation is going under.
Miki: "Meals, and clothes, and television...what's going to happen to them?"
Taichi: "Well...it seems they'll all be reset, so..."
Miki: "Uueh?"
Taichi: "Well it'll work out somehow. Don't worry."
Miki: "......uuu."
She lost heart.
Taichi: "Cheer up. You're still my pupil."
Miki: "But......this is all strange......"
Taichi: "This world is strange."
Miki: "I'm anxious."
Taichi: "Liven up already."
Miki: "Pickled cake?"
Touch chest.
*fu-nya*
Miki: "Fu-nya!?"
I fondled her frankly.
I extended a hand to her butt.
*mu-nyu*
Miki: "Uueah!!?"
Delicate. Soft. It felt good.
Fragile. Too fragile.
Taichi: "Detonation switch!"
I pushed the hook on her back.
Fingertips' pressure and vibration. I undid the hook in a single millisecond.
*slide*
Miki: "Naoooh!!?"
She held her breasts.
No bra is needed for that flat, boyish chest.
Single hook fishing......I'll skip that since I'd feel too sorry for her.
Taichi: "Final blow!"
*gabachooo!!*
Miki: "Nyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!??"
All the moves I sent out hit.
Miki was so unguarded it felt good.
Taichi: "Feeling better?"
Miki: "Yeees Iiii aaam!!"
She's mad.
Taichi: "Then all is well."
As a result I was also supplied with energy.
Miki: "I stick my tongue out at you!"
She stuck out her short tongue and ran off.
Taichi: "Wahaha."
Touko was in the classroom.
Faithful to the records.
I'm sure this girl doesn't have any other place to go.
She's not strong enough to coop herself up alone at home.
Taichi: "Touko, are you eating well?"
Touko: "......"
She shot me one glance, then looked elsewhere.
It was as if innumerable messages were contained in only that action.
I couldn't feel the atmosphere she was pushing on me with the corners of her eyes.
It just looked like pouting to me.
Taichi: "Don't ignore me."
I pinched her cheek.
Touko: "Stop that!"
She brushed me off.
Taichi: "But you're ignoring me."
Touko: "Figure it out!"
She's mad.
I've known that that's Touko's first step towards interaction.
Taichi: "Squeeze!"
Touko: "Stooop thaaat!"
Taichi: "That was fast. Today's the opening ceremony so there aren't any classes."
Touko: "There's no opening ceremony either!"
Taichi: "You came in casual clothing again."
Touko: "I don't want to wear this school's uniform."
Taichi: "Why not?"
Touko: "Won't I look like an idiot!?"
Taichi: "Such cruel talk."
She's misunderstanding.
Taichi: "Everyone's just a little unusual in the head, that's all."
Touko: "Isn't that why society would see me as an idiot!?"
Taichi: "Isn't that why you fight?"
Touko: "......haa?"
Taichi: "How do you protect yourself from attack?"
Taichi: "You behave the same as them, behave normally, you have to blend into them."
Taichi: "Isn't that an option?"
Touko: "......why are you talking so seriously? And this early in the morning..."
Touko: "......in the first place, there aren't any other people any more. Everything we do is useless."
Taichi: "Are you going to do nothing like that, every week?"
Touko: "Every week?"
I slipped up.
I need to distract her.
Taichi: "Reserve army of old ladies that say 'ever so.'"
Touko: "Whaaat did you sayyyy!!?"
Taichi: "There, that's it."
Can I give life to Touko by following the ignitions mentioned in the notebooks?
Taichi: "Touko's old ladyness is now at ninety-two percent. The average is twenty-five percent so you're in mortal danger. On top of that, it increases one percent with every added year, so you'll be a complete, scathing old lady before reaching thirty."
Touko: "........................"
Begin counting seconds. Three......two......one......
Touko: "○×△□＄＃％＆○×△□＄＃％＆-----!!"
She burned, she burned.
Combustion becomes Touko's power to live.
......whether that's true or not, good luck.
Inside my mind, I yelled her on.
Touko: "Say somethiiiing!"
Taichi: "Wa!!"
I evaded attack.
Is it time?
Taichi: "See you."
Touko: "Ah! W-wait right there!!"
The door wouldn't open.
I pushed hard, but there was turbulence before me.
A pathway of wind.
My ears rang.
And, Sempai.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "Oh, good morning."
Taichi: "How's the antenna?"
Misato: "I guess it's getting pretty close."
Taichi: "The plan was to use this on Sunday, right?"
Misato: "......you remember well."
Taichi: "That much at least."
Misato: "That's right. If nothing had happened, we were......"
Misato: "But, since all people are gone, it can't be helped......ah, I'm sorry."
Taichi: "It's nothing."
There's really no need to apologize.
I'm not even hurt.
Taichi: "Well, because of that, going to the roof became prohibited."
Misato: "......though you all seem to come here pretty often anyway."
Taichi: "On that note, so is Sempai right now."
Two faces exchanging glances. Our cheeks relaxed at the same time.
Misato: "Then we're both suspended. Yellow suspension."
Taichi: "That's harsh."
Taichi: "......Sempai, did you...do all this on your own?"
Misato: "I had some sketches, so I managed."
Misato: "But, it was tough. At one time it was falling apart."
Even so, Sempai didn't desire help from anyone.
Exposing her body to the merciless sunlight, she'd been continuing club activities by herself.
Taichi: "......if I asked to help now, that'd be pretty selfish, wouldn't it?"
Sempai's happy face broke.
Misato: "Thank you."
Misato: "It's the thought that counts."
Well, that's what this is.
Taichi: "You could have used me any time, you know."
Please use me for your flight.
Misato: "Ah, that's okay, that's okay, I'm just fine."
Misato: "In place of that, let's have some tea together sometime."
Taichi: "Okay."
At an appropriate time, I decided to take a break.
I ate sandwiches in the cafeteria.
I began to think as I ate.
A one-week world.
Mysteriously, I had no resistance to that idea.
Because for me, this world would be much easier to live in than one which continued on forever.
Repeating days.
Then I had a thought,
That maybe I shouldn't have.
A week woven innumerable times. Within that, is there a possibility for everyone to be reconciled?
The unity of the eight Broadcasting Club members is in pieces.
Even if I wanted to reconcile with just one of them, it wouldn't be easy.
There's also what I got out of the diaries.
If that possibility is there...
......then I want to see it.
Youko: "Here, have some tea."
Taichi: "......nnn."
Taichi: "Nn! Nn! Nn!......Puhaa!! Cold and delicious, refill!"
I held out my plastic cup.
She took it and silently poured the contents of a water bottle into it. It was Hasekura Youko.
Taichi: "......don't mask your presence."
Youko: "Why not?"
Taichi: "It startles me when you show up so suddenly."
Youko: "I'm not masking it. That's how it is naturally."
Taichi: "......anyone would be startled if they were spoken to in such a sudden manner."
Youko: "You let your guard down?"
Taichi: "No, but I want to."
Youko: "Neglect?"
Taichi: "I mean, I want to live a carefree life."
Youko: "......that's a waste."
Taichi: "I'm tired. Being sharp all the time strains my nerves."
Youko: "I think you should just make that your daily life."
Youko: "Taichi just has a habit of skipping out on things."
Taichi: "We'll be through, you know."
Youko: "......I'll withdraw."
No argument was produced.
No bargain was achieved.
No trouble occurred.
I'm only receiving. I'm not being given anything.
There's no exchange of the heart.
Taichi: "That's the sensation of loving a part of yourself."
Youko: "......wrong."
She understands quickly.
But, she won't understand me.
Youko: "I only love Taichi."
Taichi: "......well, let's leave it at that."
This was a pain.
After all, she won't answer anything I say.
If I inflicted one effective attack on her...
......one.
That's a small blade.
But it's certainly breaking.
Youko-chan also knows of its existence.
That's why she's wary.
We're living while restraining each other.
Taichi: "Seriously now..."
I gobbled.
Kuu...
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "......wanna sit?"
Youko: "......may I?"
Taichi: "Go ahead."
She moved closer to me.
I tossed her half of the double portion of sandwiches.
Youko: "Thank you."
Taichi: "Didn't you make these?"
Youko: "Yes. Thank you."
Taichi: "......"
However much we pile on these exchanges,
We're just tracing an outline.
That's why......I'm doing it too.
Taichi: "Well, it'll work out somehow......"
........................
............
......
Taichi: "Ho......"
I tried moving around in various ways.
Sunday's club activities.
So that, on the world's final day, everyone can join together.
However......I felt hardship.
To make everyone fornicate......I mean, to make everyone reconcile, puzzle pieces were currently needed.
I headed back to the hokora.
A large quantity of notebooks.
More than I could finish reading.
Since I violated Miki (or so it appeared), Kiri's going to become worthless.
It's good to increase information.
But by increasing it too much, I'll lose the time to analyze it.
It's a dilemma.
I continued thinking about it deep into the night.
Youko: "Taichi."
A light shone on me from behind.
A flashlight.
Youko-chan.
Taichi: "Nna......too bright......"
Youko: "Even your eyes will go bad if you read in the dark too much."
Taichi: "Nn......sorry."
Youko: "Did you discover anything?"
Taichi: "Nothing. I seem to be stuck thinking in circles."
Youko: "I see. That's a shame."
Taichi: "Youko-chan, would you......"
I began to ask, then shut my mouth.
Was I really going to rely on her?
Taichi: "Never mind. I'll go home."
I stood up.
I put the notebooks back in the hokora.
I took several with me to read.
Youko: "......can we go home together?"
Taichi: "You're always watching me anyway."
Youko: "I'm sorry......"
Sakuraba: "Yo."
Taichi: "Here."
I handed him a surgical mask.
it's surgical mask
Sakuraba: "Okay."
He put it on without any questions.
Sakuraba: "I'm hungry."
Taichi: "You're not eating?"
Sakuraba: "I'm preparing for first period class."
Taichi: "......is eating curry bread your class?"
Sakuraba: "Until the day curry bread is no more."
He decided coolly.
Just like the records said.
Taichi: "Can't you just eat instant curry?"
Sakuraba: "I hate curry."
Just like the records said.
I'm accomplishing a lot.
Sakuraba: *hekkusu!!*
Taichi: "......a hexagonal tragedy."
This was also in the records.
From what I've confirmed so far, its occurrence rate was above fifteen percent.
Which calculates to being hit with a snot bridge one out of every seven times.
But a great person in the past (me) devised a means of evasion through equipping him with a mask.
Sakuraba: "......can I take the mask off?"
Taichi: "I cannot allow that."
Sakuraba: "Life......is a harsh thing."
Taichi: "That's what I want to say."
Now then,
  -Classroom
  -Roof
  -Hallway
Taichi: "Yo, so you came."
Touko: "......pout."
Taichi: "......pout."
Then, I poked her chest.
Gu!!!
Touko: "........................do you......want to die?"
Taichi: "I-it already feels like I'm dying......"
I kissed the ground after one attack.
Taichi: "Don't get so mad. I have a present for you."
Touko: "I don't need it."
Taichi: "Now, now, please say that after you've seen it."
Taichi: "I'm sure you'll like it."
Touko: "I said I don't need it."
Taichi: "I feel bad about a lot of things."
Touko: "All lies."
Taichi: "I need you, Touko."
Touko: "......all lies."
Taichi: "Here."
I placed a ring box on top of her desk.
Touko: "......!"
Touko: "This...is?"
Taichi: "My feelings."
She averted her gaze as if embarrassed.
Taichi: "Because of the times we're in,"
I rubbed the bottom of my nose.
Taichi: "Won't you accept my broken heart?"
Touko: "......I......but!"
Taichi: "It's okay, don't say anything. My feelings can't be conveyed through words."
Touko: "Taichi......are you serious?"
I nodded silently.
Touko: "Then......I'll take it......okay?"
She softly picked up the case.
Touko: "Can I open it?"
Taichi: "Yeah. I'll put it on you."
Touko: "......no, that's too fancy."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Touko: "Huhuhu."
And then Touko slowly opened the case.
Touko: "......"
Touko: "Why are there panties inside a ring case!?"
Taichi: "Hogeee!!"
I was punched.
Touko: "Aaaaaaa! This guy is just!!! Kiiiiiiiiii!!!"
She tore her hair.
Taichi: "Touko, wait."
Touko: "What!?"
Taichi: "These aren't ordinary panties."
I picked up the fallen underwear.
I stuck my fingers into the crotch.
They passed clean though a slit that originally shouldn't have existed.
Taichi: "They're play panties. You can do it without stripping."
I bent my fingers a few times.
Touko: "......huhu."
Ah, not good.
Touko: "Die with haste, Taichi."
Taichi: "Gyaaa!"
I was chased throughout the school.
Mimi-sempai had been sleeping.
Taichi: "Hellooo."
Misato: "......nnn?"
Taichi: "Good morning. It's morning. I'm Taichi."
Misato: "Eh?......Ah, it is......"
She idly rose to her feet.
Uhhh, I can see your panties you know.
I got down on one knee.
Like a knight serving an empress (my motives aside).
Misato: "Anyway, good morning."
Taichi: "Good morning, Sempai."
Taichi: "Won't you die from the heat if you sleep here in the middle of the day?"
Misato: "Ah, right, that's true. I'll be more careful."
Sempai wiped her glasses with the hem of her skirt.
Oooh.
She's plump.
She's moderately plump.
Sempai is beautiful...
Misato: "Fuaaah."
Her skirt fell back into place.
Sempai repositioned her glasses.
Misato: "I'm sleepy."
Taichi: "It is small summer weather."
Misato: "I've never heard that term......"
Taichi: "Because I made it up."
Misato: "Peke-kun seems to have a talent for making things up."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "Why are you crouched down?"
Taichi: "The AA-gun of love yearns for the sky. So much so it bends backward to the navel."
Misato: "That's awfully uncouth, but rather poetic......"
Taichi: "I'm thankful."
Misato: "My throat's parched."
Sempai searched through her belongings.
*roll*
Taichi: "Nn?"
A bottle of one-cup sake.
Misato: *gulp* *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*
Taichi: "Owa, that's right!"
I stole it from her.
Misato: "Ah!......What are you doing?"
Taichi: "You mustn't drink sake at school!"
Misato: "My aunt's house is a tavern so it's just fine."
Taichi: "You mustn't."
Misato: "......I know."
She sulked.
Misato: "But, there's no need to follow those rules anymore, is there?"
Taichi: "Well..."
Misato: "Isn't that true? With all the people gone, the rules have lost their meaning."
Misato: "So, what have I been doing this for......"
She scratched her head.
Taichi: "......Sempai."
Misato: "Peke-kun, why are you here?"
Taichi: "I came to see how you were doing."
Misato: "......why......now of all times?"
Taichi: "Because I love you, Mimi-sempai."
Misato: "............that's......not......"
The tip of her nose was red. Was that because of the sake?
Misato: "You can't say that so lightly! Words of love are a precious turning point for both men and women!"
I was scolded.
Taichi: "Well......but, it was Sempai that guided me out of darkness to a well-lit place."
Unlike someone who did nothing but be next to me.
Misato: "That's......all I did was talk to you."
Taichi: "Isn't that enough of a trigger?"
Misato: "Okay! Okay! No more talking about that."
She flapped her hands.
......so it's hopeless?
Taichi: "Our relationship began with the premise of marriage---"
Misato: "That's right, could you please write a manuscript!"
She fled.
Taichi: "A manuscript?"
Misato: "Yes, I'm requesting the creation of a manuscript that's pure and just and bright and energetic for our pilot broadcast."
Taichi: "......nnn."
Well, that was the original objective.
Taichi: "Sure."
After all, the notebooks comprehensively contain all of the patterns up until now.
There's no need to go out of my way to make new ones.
Kiri was in the hallway.
That's also the same as usual.
It just doesn't happen with a high probability.
Taichi: "Kiriii."
Kiri: "Mu!"
I was glared at.
Taichi: "Mu!"
I glared.
*bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam* *bam!!!* (Psychological Effect)
My nipple was getting itchy, but I bore with it.
Miki: "Fuiii, I feel refreshed."
At long last Miki came out of the bathroom.
Miki: "Nyooooo!!?"
An appropriate scream given that her conduct only a moment earlier had just hit my ears.
Then, I stepped forward.
Taichi: "Did you think I came here for no reason?"
And, I put my hand in my chest pocket.
There, a secret weapon......obviously didn't exist, this was just a bluff.
Instead I scratched my nipple.
I eliminated the threat and my nipple itch. Two birds with one stone.
Kiri moved her hand behind her back,
Pulled out a crossbow, and pointed it forward.
Taichi: "Uwaaaaa."
I was appropriately surprised.
But I didn't become stressed......
Aside from the fact that getting shot and dying is no problem...
Hmmm.
Isn't there this decision as well?
  -Try attacking
  -Surrender
Taichi: "Teyaaa!"
I rose my fist and closed in.
Kiri: "!!"
*dokyu!*
Taichi: "Ge......"
The arrow pierced my heart.
It penetrated beautifully.
Taichi: "Clean through......again......"
I died.
........................
............
......
Taichi: "I surrender."
Kiri: "Please don't move. I'll shoot......eh, eh?"
Taichi: "I surrender."
Before she could tell me to put my hands on the wall and spread my legs, I put my hands on the wall and spread my legs.
The posture of surrender.
Miki: "Weaaak......"
Kiri: "......what do we do, Miki?"
Miki: "Uhhh......now that you ask that......I feel sorry for him."
Kiri: "There's no need to feel sorry for this person."
Miki: "But, Kiri-chin holding a weapon is too one-sided. It's not good to point that at people......"
Kiri: "......but..."
Miki: "Stop it, okay?"
Kiri: "......I understand."
She was reluctant, but...
Taichi: "May I lower my hands?"
Kiri: "......go ahead."
Taichi: "Fuuu, thanks Miki."
Miki: "Ah, no problem."
She's a good girl.
Now then, I have to do 'that' to one of them.
  -Kiri
  -Miki
Kiri: "......stare."
Kiri was staring me down as I brushed off the dust.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
So, Kiri first.
Kiri: "......what is it?"
A cold reaction with cold features.
She stood before me.
I was a head taller than her, but she faced me with an unhesitating gaze.
That's good spirit.
Taichi: "Teyaaa."
PCP_S ccc3002
*akesukeee!*
Kiri: "---???"
Kiri: "H-huh? Huhuh?"
Kiri: "Wh-why won't it go back......wh-wh-wha!?"
Kiri pushed down on her fluttering skirt.
That didn't calm it down in the slightest.
Kiri: "My skirt! It's......floating, wait, what is this!?"
Miki: "Mystery discovered......"
Taichi: "The trick is in how you twist your wrist."
Kiri: "Aa-aa-aaaa-aaaaa......"
*fluster* *fluster*
*flutter* *flutter* *flap* *flap*
Kiri: "Ku, I can't get the air out!"
Taichi: "Now..."
I looked at Miki.
Miki: "Gulp......"
Taichi: "I have a slightly early Christmas present for a little girl who loves mini skirts."
Miki: "Ah......are...you going to do that to me too......?"
She tried to back out.
Miki: "Ah......no......please forgive meee."
Taichi: "Uu."
Ku, she's so tender.
Taichi: "I would much prefer to let you go, but...... forgive me."
Miki: "Fuwaa, Se-sempai, calm down......"
I placed my fingers on the hem of her skirt.
Miki: "Miki's beloved Sempai would never do such a thing, would he?"
She gazed at me.
Taichi: "......"
The girl's cry moved my heart.
I want to push recklessly into the back of those hips.
I want to break her because I adore her.
I want to harass her because I love her.
A man's heart is complicated.
Miki: "Why do people have to fight each other!?"
Ku! So true...
That's a completely unrelated and correct question.
Miki's pure words opened my eyes.
Taichi: "I understand, Miki."
Miki: "Sempai, thank goodness."
I lowered my head to Kiri as well.
Taichi: "Well, well, Kiri, sorry!"
Kiri: "Sorry's not good enough!!!"
Taichi: "I have to thank you, Miki."
Miki: "Eeeh? That's okay, I don't......"
But Miki-chin was restless with anticipation.
Lust painted over shame.
In a certain sense, I'm able to live without bending to outside pressure because I have lust.
I took Miki's hand.
Taichi: "Love me tenderly."
I kissed the back of her hand.
Miki: "Awaaa."
She was stunned.
Miki is weak when treated like a princess.
I kissed her once more.
Miki: "Don't do that......"
She didn't seem to dislike it at all.
Kiri: "............"
An incredible pressure was coming from Kiri.
A rain of kisses fell down.
Miki: "You're too kind..."
I held her shoulders.
Miki: "Fueh?"
I took her hair and put my lips to it.
Miki: "Like that movie......with the luxurious ocean liner......"
Taichi: "Love to the third power."
Miki: "I don't really understand, but there seems to be an amazing synergy effect."
I brought my face to her cheek from behind.
Miki: "Uhya?"
Still, this person isn't really disliking it.
Kiri: "......gunuu."
The aura from Kiri was starting to become physical.
Taichi: "I might have been infected by Miki's charm."
Miki: "Ah, is, is that so?"
Taichi: "There's something on your eyelid, close your eyes for a second."
Miki: "......okay."
Miki: "Thump, thump."
Ah, I can steal her lips.
Change of plans.
Taichi: "Kissss......"
Kiri: "I won't let you do that!!"
She flew toward me.
Taichi: "Wa! Wa!?"
Miki: "Kyaa!?"
Kiri: "You molesteeer!!!"
Taichi: "Gyaaa!"
Failure to steal her lover.
I was tired......
Taichi: "Somehow......there have been no developments at all."
Youko: "There wouldn't be."
Preternatural Hasekura Youko.
Taichi: "......did you see?"
Youko: "Not everything, but..."
Taichi: "You have bad habits."
Youko: "......you're sweating."
She wiped it off with a handkerchief.
Taichi: "Forget about the sweat."
I excluded her.
But she won't stop.
Not unless I reject her strongly.
Taichi: "Well, I guess it's fine......"
That night, Tomoki brought a box of food.
I took my time choosing my dinner from what was inside.
In my dark room, I rolled into my bed and thought about stuff.
Taichi: "......"
The search for a happy end.
That's what this conduct ought to be called.
Though I'd like to understand each individual's problems to some degree, it's not going well.
Even though there's only one week.
Only one week to get close to someone.
For all of them, it'd take seven weeks.
Even if we left out Sakuraba, Tomoki and Youko-chan,
Four weeks.
I should act with four times the usual density...... that's not going to work at all.
Taichi: "Hard......"
With no inspiration as to how to settle things, I fell asleep.
........................
............
......
Touko's not here.
Taichi: "......that's right."
She's often emaciating in her own house around this time.
  -Roof
  -Touko's house
  -First year classroom
Taichi: "Hello."
Misato: "Aaah, good morning."
Taichi: "How are you doing?"
Misato: "Not at all favorably."
Taichi: "Must be rough."
I looked at the antenna.
At the base was a steel frame, wires, tools......woah, woah, don't leave your tools in such a high place.
Taichi: "Hmmm, so this is the antenna..."
From the top of the stepladder, I lowered the dangerous objects to the ground.
Misato: "......ummm?"
Taichi: "Ah, that's more like it."
All of the tools that were caught on parts of the antenna were back on the ground.
Misato: "Are you fully awake?"
Taichi: "Yes, I'm super calm."
Taichi: "Well then, see you later."
Sempai stared at me as I left.
By messing up the timing, she won't get hurt ......probably.
Taichi: "Ah."
......won't there be no progress with her if she isn't hurt?
Taichi: "But still..."
Even so, letting an accident happen is just......
Taichi: "Haa."
In the end, it won't have any effect to speed up my conquest.
I used my fingers to whistle.
Taichi: "Youko-sensei!"
Youko: "......do you need something?"
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai's going to get hurt on the roof, so stop it."
Youko: "......I need to save her?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Youko: "Understood."
That takes care of that.
........................
Taichi: "Ah."
Touko discovered.
She's staggering this way.
Taichi: "She's amazing this week!"
I can't not save her.
Taichi: "You have the willpower!"
I drew near her.
Taichi: "Eat this, starving person."
Touko: "......stop it."
She threw my hand off of her.
Taichi: "You aren't eating well, are you?"
Touko: "That's none of your business."
She's tottering as she walks.
I tagged along.
Taichi: "Isn't it painful to have no one besides yourself to worry about you?"
Touko: "I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "You want people to worry about you."
Taichi: "You want them to complete you."
Taichi: "You want them to see you."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And I, for one, do worry a little."
She glared sharply at me.
Touko: "You sure can talk."
Something close to hatred was inserted in the pauses between her words.
Touko: "If you're really worried about me, then why, why!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "......Kirihara."
Touko: "What!?"
Taichi: "You look pale. Is it biology?"
*smack!*
Touko: "Are you an idiot!?"
She spat out a curse and went away.
Taichi: "Ah, your sandwich......"
A sigh.
Taichi: "......you just won't pick a good way to die."
I pulled myself together---
Taichi: "Hey, reversely-attributed competitive girl."
Touko: "Haa......?"
Taichi: "I'm saying, I'll give you this."
I held out the sandwich.
Touko stared at it in disbelief.
Touko: "What, is this?"
Taichi: "Sweet bean bread."
Touko: "How could it be one of those!? This is a sandwich!"
Taichi: "So you did know what it was."
Taichi: "Here."
*nudge*
Touko: "......stop it."
She thrust me aside.
The paper bag fell.
I picked it up.
Taichi: "Aren't you staggering like that because you're starving?"
Touko: "That's none of your business."
She looked the other way.
Taichi: "I'm worried."
Taichi: "Even after all that's happened, isn't it okay to act happy?"
Touko: "I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "I love you."
*smack*
I reeled.
This time it didn't hurt at all.
Touko: "......uuu......"
After attacking, she fell to the ground.
Taichi: "Hello?"
Touko: "......nn............"
She was wiping away her tears with a pale face.
Taichi: "......Touko."
I crouched down beside her.
Touko: "Don't say my name without an honorific......"
She seemed to be straining her voice.
Her forehead was covered in sweat within moments.
Taichi: "Where does it hurt?"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "Look at the state you're in. Let's call a truce."
Since there aren't any doctors left now.
Taichi: "Touko!"
Touko: "I can't see......"
Taichi: "Whaaat?"
Blindness from malnourishment?
I shuddered.
Taichi: "Anything else? Does anything else feel bad?"
Touko: "I feel drained. I'm dizzy......like I'm gonna hurl."
Taichi: "You need to puke?"
Touko: "......yeah."
Taichi: "Then lie on your side."
I urged her.
Touko didn't resist.
Taichi: "Your eyes?"
Touko: "All black......"
Taichi: "Nn......"
Blindness......it's a bit sudden for that.
But even if it is true, that's far better than a serious illness, or a huge wound near her heart.
Taichi: "Stay calm. Don't go into a panic."
Touko: "............I'm fine."
Taichi: "Have there been any irregularities in your health over the last few days?"
Touko: "No, none."
Taichi: "Like pouring poison into your eyes."
Touko: "Nothing."
How could this happen so quickly?
Touko: "Ah......"
Taichi: "What happened?"
Touko: "I can see now, a little bit."
Relief.
Taichi: "Then it's probably just low blood pressure."
Touko: "Low blood pressure?"
Taichi: "You're exhibiting the symptoms of low blood pressure. That's why you felt drained as well."
Touko: "I see......"
Taichi: "Do you still feel drained?"
Touko: "It's gotten......a bit better......"
Taichi: "......are you really eating properly?"
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Don't you have any appetite?"
Touko: "......I never do in the summer."
Taichi: "But doctor, it's bad to let yourself become anemic."
Taichi: "What did you eat today?"
Touko: "............"
She hasn't eaten anything......
Taichi: "Here, sand and witch."
Touko: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Sandwich."
Taichi: "The origin is a myth in which this was eaten between sand and a witch."
Touko: "............"
Touko rubbed her eyes.
Taichi: "How are your eyes?"
Touko: "I can see."
Taichi: "Here we go."
I grabbed Touko's hand as it moved slowly, twitching like the rising tide.
Taichi: "There, there."
Touko: "I'm not a pet......"
Her comebacks lacked force.
Taichi: "It's handmade."
The plastic wrap rustled as she removed it, and she bit down on a small corner of the sandwich.
Touko: "......it's too fluffy."
Taichi: "They were made this morning."
Touko: "It's too big to eat easily."
Taichi: "They were made for me."
Touko: "There's too much mustard."
Taichi: "I like them bitter."
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "So, is it bad?"
Touko: "............it's good."
Taichi: "Then take your time eating it."
Touko: *sniff*
She was sniffling.
She must find it vexing.
For the love of...
Touko: "Uu!"
She covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Are you going to puke?"
She shook her head.
She swallowed it back down.
Touko: "......I want something to drink."
Taichi: "My water bottle."
Taichi: "A necessity for an annihilated world."
I handed it to her.
Touko: "......"
She hesitated for quite a while,
Then put it to her mouth,
Then tipped the bottle's base up.
Her throat protruded, and she energetically took the water into her mouth.
Taichi: "......are you at least replenishing your water supply?"
Touko: "But the plumbing doesn't bring any."
Taichi: "The Tasaki Shop."
Touko: "......I went there, but..."
Touko: "I tripped on the way back, and they all fell to the bottom of the hill."
Taichi: "Are you really that clumsy?"
Taichi: "Why not just go get more at the shop?"
Touko: "......because if I did that I'd have to write another note."
Touko: "If people saw that......"
Taichi: "Haa?"
Just that?
Just a problem of saving face?
Taichi: "Isn't your own life a priority!?"
Touko: "But..."
She seemed like she was about to cry.
Taichi: "Ha...Kirihara-sensei, that's just too sad."
Touko: "I'm delicate!"
Taichi: "Now that everyone's disappeared, that way of viewing the world should as well."
She was no longer being given permission to do anything.
What she's wishing for...
Is the strength to live.
She's a person wishing to be a pure individual.
Her various desires are being usurped by the biological needs she'd despised.
I didn't think Touko had those desires.
No.
I've known it for a long time.
Touko's lurid weakness.
I understood it.
This girl's already at her limit.
Humanity being annihilated, her family disappearing, in that huge mansion of a house...
All alone---
Taichi: "......from now on, we have to live on with only the eight of us."
Touko: "........................"
Her silence was heavy.
Touko: "Everyone will die."
Taichi: "Yes, they will."
There's an inescapable death waiting for everyone.
Taichi: "The question is when and how."
Touko: "It's......impossible......for people......to just disappear."
Taichi: "But it's reality."
I prompted her.
Taichi: "The world has blotted everyone else out. We're the only 『mutual』 existences left."
Touko: "I can't endure it......"
Taichi: "Hmmm."
The way this is heading......
It might be unavoidable.
I've gotten involved. I've wished.
The relationship I wanted to build with Touko was definitely not as sweet as honey.
It wasn't an option to leave this girl alone on the brink of collapse.
I only have to go partway.
But......what if I reached the terminus?
What would happen?
What would I do?
It's unmistakable; there's nowhere left to run.
If I capitalized on this turn of events - this so-called 'Touko route' - all the way until the end, even if everything breaks down there...
This time I'll have to stay with her until her dying moment.
While being tormented by the sharp pain that is highly developed culture.
Taichi: "If there's nothing you can do to endure it,"
Touko: "Eh......?"
Touko reacted sensitively.
She shut her mouth.
Touko: "......what do you mean, 'nothing I can do?'"
Taichi: "Oh no, just...you can eat all of it."
I stood up.
Taichi: "You know..."
Touko: "......nnwha?"
Touko spoke while chewing the sandwich.
Taichi: "How do you think humanity was destroyed?"
She looked out the window.
I didn't expect to get anything out of asking her.
Touko: "They weren't destroyed."
She returned a terribly philosophical answer.
Touko: "......they faded away into nothingness."
That's right.
I'll go to the first year classroom.
The Mikiri combo might be there.
There's no one here.
I looked around and found both of their belongings left on their desks.
They had come.
Were they somewhere inside the building?
Now that I think about it, school is at the midpoint between Kiri and Miki's houses.
This school that they're used to might be perfect for a rendezvous point.
No matter what they're doing.
I looked out the window.
I saw the pool.
Taichi: "......aaah."
They were playing.
Having fun.
Faint voices reached me.
Miki: "Soryaaa!"
Kiri: "Ah, I told you no, nooo!"
Miki: "Sora-soraaa! Can't you dodge!?"
Kiri: "But we're in the water! Ah! My hair's getting wet, it's getting wet!"
Miki: "Where did you say you were getting wet!?"
Kiri: "You sound like an old man."
Miki: "My heart is an old man's, take this!"
Kiri: "Aaah, my haiiir..."
Kiri: "Payback!!"
Miki: "Kyaaa!"
I was watching a happy scene.
Kiri: "Yooouuuu!"
Miki: "Teryaryaaa!"
Kiri: "Take this!!"
Miki: "Uwaaa......yeah right, I won't take thaaat."
Kiri: "Ah, use of the swim board is prohibited!"
Miki: "It's my shield."
Kiri: "No fair!"
Miki: "It's a handicap since my hair is longer."
What kind of excuse is that?
I forced a smile.
Kiri: "But, you can only use one hand, so your attack strength has decreased!"
Miki: "Oh nooo!"
Kiri: "Time for the hunt!"
Miki: "Open season!?"
While splashing around, they negotiated with water.
So innocent.
*thump*
Taichi: "......!"
My heart leaped.
That innocence had touched me.
I pushed my heart unconsciously.
It's not like my soul is among my internal organs.
But what I felt had hit my real heart.
That made me happy.
Kiri: "Kyaaa!!"
Miki: "Ahahahaha! You fell over!"
Kiri: "I'm soaked......"
Miki: "You suuuuck at this."
Kiri: "......now you've said it."
Miki: "Ohyo?"
Kiri: "Now that I'm soaked, I can swim."
Miki: "Ah...Ah! Ah! No close quarters combat!"
Kiri: "You think the breaststroke can beat the crawl stroke!"
Miki: "Shock and awe! Shock and awe!"
Kiri: "I'll make you dripping wet!"
Miki: "Nooo! My hair turns to seaweed when it gets wet!"
Kiri: "I'll make you a seaweed-chan!"
Miki: "Wa! Wa! Not good!"
Kiri: "Soraaa!"
Miki: "Ginyaaaaaaaa!!"
The sound of splitting water.
Unceasing laughter.
It made me think of gentle, soft flowing time.
A scene from a kind world.
I think I'll write this in my diary.
So that I won't forget this feeling.
I watched the two girls play for a very long time.
And then......I began to think of my calculated attempts to interact with them as hollow and void.
Taichi: "Even though......I just want to watch..."
Watch those who are naturally beside other people.
Watch people comfortably touching one another.
Even though I just want it to remain in my memory...
I rolled around in bed.
I'd like to finish cooking while it's light outside...
But I don't have the vigor.
Even though my wish is simple...
While relying on the captured notebooks......after three days......I couldn't regain a single connection.
Connection.
A club life where all the members of the Broadcasting Club would stand together.
A bright, fun, healthy radio broadcast.
The notebooks, naturally, don't record conclusions.
I can't determine which methods are close to the conclusion I desire.
Taichi: "Thursday, Friday, Saturday......"
How many days are left?
It would have been better not to know.
That the world would end.
Taichi: "Uuuu......"
I moaned softly.
That was my resentment with this mysterious world, and the present irritating reality.
At best, three or four days.
Taichi: "What can I do......in that little time..."
I clenched my fist.
The shaky undulation of my seething emotions heated my body, much like rage.
How long---
........................
............
......
I took action.
With the descriptions in the notebooks as reference, I took the optimal actions in each situation.
For the sake of happiness.
For the sake of building unity.
Friends, friendship, bonds.
For the sake of those transparent things.
And then a useless day came to an end.
Even this bit of hypocrisy was unable to gain---
........................
............
......
It became Friday.
Normally, this is when changes occur in each person's relationships.
But since I continued on with beauties on all sides, I ended up wasting away my time without gaining anything.
With Mimi-sempai, with Touko, with Kiri, with Miki......
The sense of distance between us remained despairingly far.
........................
I ran around for half a day without result.
Taichi: "Haa."
I was tired.
I sat down at the front gate. It darkened as I did, so that time was only one step away from becoming evening.
Then, a familiar intimate rustling in my skin sensed approachment from a great distance.
It's Youko-chan.
That's rare, for her to be this defenseless.
Youko: "......is there something I can help with?"
She said, standing in front of me.
Taichi: "No, not right now......"
Even though I brushed that off, I asked her something despite myself.
A drowning heart will cling to even a piece of straw.
Taichi: "Hey......what can I do to make things go well with everyone?"
Taichi: "Have everyone friendly and participating in Mimi-sempai's club, be appropriately youthful, make jokes, laugh......isn't there a route like that?"
Taichi: "Where we can resolve quarrels, respect each other and have hope......"
Taichi: "Have friendly fights, check the broadcast script with everyone, cooperate to deal with trouble......"
Taichi: "Isn't there one?"
Perhaps, she might just know.
I held a faint hope.
Youko: "I don't think so."
Taichi: "......"
Her flat voice sounded colder than usual.
Youko: "I don't think there's such a possibility anywhere."
Youko: "In order for Taichi to manage to bring everyone back together to the club safely, in this situation, in this world......you'd have to have more time, or a better starting situation."
Youko: "Taichi has neither of those."
Youko: "There are absolute limits."
Youko: "That's why I think it's useless no matter how much you try."
Taichi: "......I see."
She'd told me flat out that there were none.
Taichi: "It's not fair to say this sort of thing, but......that's a cold equation you have there."
She didn't answer.
She stood still and waited for my words.
Taichi: "Aren't I starting from a broken situation every time?"
Taichi: "To end without having achieved anything......to loop......to have a minimum number of days each week......"
Taichi: "What kind of joke is this?"
I held my head.
There was nothing to satiate the hunger in my heart.
Youko: "Taichi......those aren't all of the notebooks."
She suddenly opened her mouth.
Taichi: "What did you say?"
Youko: "There are notebooks which chronicle more ruinous timelines and possibilities."
Taichi: "And they are?"
Youko: "......I hid them."
Youko: "So that you wouldn't be hurt."
Youko: "Or perhaps......so you wouldn't give up."
Youko: "......do you want to see them?"
Taichi: "......"
Ruinous timelines......
Youko: "However you struggle, however you fight,"
Youko: "Within the many and varied possibilities, there isn't a single person......who will understand you."
Youko: "Except for me."
Youko: "......I think it's about time you understood that."
Taichi: "I do understand that."
Taichi: "If we're tacking that on...there's no way you'll love me either, is there!?"
I screamed.
Taichi: "What the hell is this world!?"
I spat out a deep breath.
Along with frustration.
Taichi: "Hey......is this a different world?"
Youko-chan stood in front of me.
And with her fingernails, she drew an 『Ｘ』 in the ground.
Youko: "There are two possibilities."
Youko: "One is, the axes of two linear worlds are mingling, and have fallen into a state where they can perceive each other......like in sci-fi."
Two worlds.
Twisting around and crossing.
Taichi: "So when the worlds overlap, abnormalities occur?"
Taichi: "Nn......in that case, what about the world we used to be in? I can't imagine we're all preserved there---"
Youko: "The other is, that this is the conclusion of the world we were in."
But she denied only half of the easy salvation.
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "Intervening with our other-world brethren is impossible......I would think, based on quantum mechanics."
When it come to quantum mechanics, I think of Dirac, but I've never read his work.
Besides, I don't know whether this situation is fitting for a quantum mechanical interpretation.
Taichi: "......about the sci-fi you mentioned earlier......what did that mean?"
Youko: "Let's say you have to choose either A or B. Which will it be?"
Taichi: "......half of each I guess. Since I don't know what they are."
Youko: "Yes. We live upon innumerable daily choices."
Youko: "For example, when you start walking, with which leg will you take first step?"
Youko: "Which part of your lunch will you eat first?"
Youko: "Choices occur in an even more microscopic world."
Youko: "At any given moment, countless choices take place."
Youko: "The world is made by those choices."
Youko: "And those choices are irreversible."
Taichi: "Irreversible......"
Youko: "For example, if Taichi chooses A. Taichi will be aware that he chose A."
Youko: "But at the same time, in that same world axis there also exists a Taichi that chose B."
Youko: "That doesn't mean that parallel worlds exist, but......"
Youko: "But at the very least, in Dirac's theory, it's impossible to perceive Choice B World from Choice A World. And vice versa."
Youko: "But if one could perceive, then one could move in the space between worlds."
Youko: "For one who can see ultraviolet rays, it's like the world is a completely different thing."
Youko: "One who was able to observe multiple worlds could also exist in both of those worlds."
Youko: "The moment one succeeds at observing, they become part of that world......or so we think."
Taichi: "They......observed......?"
Taichi: "You mean the world doesn't change, it's just mistakes by those who see it?"
Youko: "Something like that."
Youko: "But in modern theory, multiple world observation is impossible."
Youko: "And besides, that wouldn't be enough of a reason for the multiple us's to move as one."
Youko: "That's why I said sci-fi."
Taichi: "......hmm."
Taichi: "What about the second possibility?"
Youko: "I think that that's the truth."
Youko: "Which means other worlds aren't being observed."
Taichi: "......nnn, so that sci-fi interpretation is out."
My upright face nodded.
Youko: "The world, time and proper history. They're all continuous."
Youko: "Which means......time isn't rolling back."
Taichi: "......eh?"
Taichi: "That can't be right. The diaries record from Monday to Saturday......don't we all return to Monday from there?"
Youko: "It only looks as if it's looping."
Youko: "Of course the world isn't repeating the same time forever."
Youko: "This conclusion was the world's final conclusion."
Youko: "Worlds aren't crossing. No abnormalities are occurring. Continuous. Besides, if the world allowed such possibilities, then we've followed a possibility that brought us here instead."
Youko: "It may look as if perceptions of multiple worlds are mingling, but it's actually just continuing along one unbroken path."
Taichi: "It looks like it's looping......but it's actually us that are being reset over and over......"
Taichi: "In the first place, there was never any loop-like phenomenon in our original world......"
I realized.
That's right.
Taichi: "We can't be aware of it......"
We normally can't be aware of a loop occurring.
As long as a peculiar place like the hokora doesn't exist.
The phenomenon definitely won't be exposed.
Taichi: "Was the world originally planned with this loop phenomenon in mind? To go with the twilight of humanity?"
At the end of a long road...
An annihilation without the land breaking down.
Spacetime is scattered, and the ability to continue forward......so that's where we go to die.
Taichi: "But......you know......"
Youko: "With the specific condition......that when one arrives at the prescribed time on Sunday, the world is disintegrated once......that's all it could be."
Youko: "Obeying spatially recorded information, the disintegrated particles converge and return to their state from Monday morning."
Taichi: "But, for the world to be continuous......"
Youko: "We have that Shinto shrine as proof."
Youko: "The contents recorded in the notebooks show the existence of the past."
Youko: "Since we can observe a past, there is a past."
Youko: "That past is allowed by this world."
Youko: "And we are here now after being disintegrated and reconstructed over and over."
Youko: "......strictly speaking, I feel as if we're not people any more."
Taichi: "Then what are we?"
Youko: "Phenomena."
That overly apt word stained my heart.
No longer people---
Taichi: "You may support the unbroken theory, but the first one sounded better to me. Not that we can determine which is correct right now......"
Youko: "Even if it looks to us like a loop, there's no way to investigate what's actually happening."
Youko: "......so for now, we can only make use of the theories we have."
Youko: "At present, I think it's impossible to move between worlds, so we'll suppose the latter."
Taichi: "Aaah, I see......"
The multiple worlds theory found in quantum mechanics does not support the existence of parallel worlds.
Since that would be a mistake, what's actually happening would be a more definite thought experiment.
In it, even if World A and World B exist at the same time, we can't come and go between them.
The reason is that they exist at the same time.
Around here, it becomes a little troublesome to understand.
Taichi: "If one of Dirac's books had been translated, I would've read it, but..."
Youko: "Even if we deviate from all the theories thus far,"
Youko: "Something we thought couldn't occur has occurred. That's all."
Youko: "The scope is physically vast, and people have yet to spread across all of it."
Youko: "So for us now, those theories are trivial things."
Youko: "What do we need?"
Taichi: "I don't know."
Youko: "Isn't it someone who understands?"
She smiled.
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "There's someone who understands Taichi right here."
Youko: "No one else will understand you."
Youko: "The more you mimic, the more......"
That's right.
It's obvious.
If I pretend to be human, that pretending will become myself.
If my hidden inner side is seen, I'm finished.
I remember.
Taichi: "I already know......that much."
Taichi: "I've known ever since then!"
Yuusa: "This is a nice room."
Doujima Yuusa.
She was a good girl.
Innocent and healthy,
Even if she hides her sickness inside, she doesn't know how to hurt people.
Yuusa: "Umm...I don't understand this transformation......"
In my eyes, sweet water.
Yuusa: "......Taichi-san?"
The end of one's life is sudden.
When my inner self suddenly appeared, she found it highly poisonous.
Yuusa: "Taichi......san......is that you?"
Taichi: "Aaah, that's right."
Yuusa: "Uh, umm......I...I......"
Taichi: "You're beautiful."
My eyes must have been shining.
Flashing with desire.
Taichi: "Because you're beautiful, I'll take your clothes off."
Yuusa: "............"
You'd understand if you've ever been gazed at by a wild carnivorous animal.
Bloodshot eyes paying attention to you.
Neither goodwill nor malice.
A shockingly hot gaze......appetite.
Eyes looking at your human self, recognizing it only as food.
An ardent appetite poured into you.
At times it must make you want to puke.
Like it did her.
Yuusa: "N-......nooooooooo!!!"
Yuusa: "......dis......gusting......!"
Yuusa: "Uu......uuu......"
As I looked down at the girl crouching and vomiting, I was sick and tired of that boring conclusion.
A girl who broke before I got to break her.
Taichi: "............"
And then, she started to avoid me.
She looked at me as if I was garbage.
I actually was garbage.
I was---
........................
Youko: "If they stay, they'll only get hurt."
Youko: "They're no more than Taichi's food."
Taichi: "Shut up! I said I understand!"
Youko-chan went quiet.
Taichi: "But if I could, I wouldn't......do that......I don't want to do that......"
Taichi: "It should work out somehow......"
Youko: "I'm the only one that should stay."
She pushed on her chest.
Youko: "Because Taichi and I would work well together."
Black emotions hung over my lower abdomen.
  -Throw myself at her
  -Hold back
Taichi: "We would......work well together?"
Taichi: "You say......it'd work well between us?"
Youko: "Yes."
Taichi: "Hahaha, that's amazing."
Taichi: "Then, why don't you make it work well?"
Malice penetrated familiarity.
........................
............
......
Sunday.
However, any sense of the date had disappeared from my head.
Taichi: *cough*
Misato: "Oh, nice to see you. Ah, Hasekura-san."
Misato: "It's been a long time."
Sempai stuck her mop into a bucket and turned to meet us.
Youko: "......"
Taichi: "Greeting."
Youko: "......hey."
Misato: "Why are you so close together?"
Youko-chan and I had come to the roof together.
Taichi: "We were just wandering around."
Taichi: "Do you mind if we watch?"
Misato: "It won't be that fun to watch, really."
She smiled with a tired face.
Taichi: "No, I also want to talk to Sempai."
Youko: "......nn!......"
Misato: "Aaah, then you're welcome here."
Youko: "......!......nn............"
Youko-chan's voice leaked out.
Taichi: "You've progressed quite far."
While making small talk, I writhed my fingers.
Taichi: "The antenna's mostly done, isn't it?"
Sempai lost her expression for a moment.
Youko: "........................!"
Youko: "......!......"
Youko: "......ah......"
Even Sempai soon knew she was acting strange.
Misato: "Eh? What is it?"
Youko: "It's......nothing......"
Taichi: "What about the broadcast channel?"
Misato: "Eh? Aaah, that's right......I've nearly got it."
I crossed and bent two fingers.
Youko: "Nn......haa......nn............!......"
I inserted only my middle finger into her deepest parts, and rubbed against her rough pleats.
Youko: "......no............that's......!!......!!"
I twisted my fingertips around her labia and touched one other narrow region.
Youko: "......nn......nnn."
I lightly flicked her clitoris.
Youko: "---!"
I pushed into it.
Youko: "Hi!"
Misato: "Hi?"
I weakened the stimulus.
Taichi: "Can we broadcast yet?"
Misato: "Aaah, it's not that we can't connect all the equipment at this point......but I wanted to do it according to the original plans."
Taichi: "Since there's no interference from other EM waves, why not arrange them to our convenience?"
Misato: "If we were near the sea, I'd do that......"
Misato: "On the other hand, an antenna this high up with twenty watts of output should be strong."
Taichi: "What does Youko-chan think?"
While my fingers were securely devoured, I stopped moving them to ask her.
Youko: "......I-I think that's-!......fine......uuu......"
Misato: "Aaah, with Hasekura-san's seal of approval, I feel much better."
Restart.
Youko: "Hyau!"
She momentarily stood on her tiptoes.
Misato: "?"
Taichi: "So, the fact that we haven't detected any EM waves nearby really did mean---"
I pulled Sempai's focus into the conversation.
All of my nerves were directed toward caressing.
My fingers traced her vaginal erogenous zone and vibrated with pinpoint accuracy.
Youko: "Aaah......no......no......Taichi......"
Effective cotton.
Her pelvic muscles contracted.
Her whole body shook slightly.
The hair on the back of her neck stood up, and goosebumps appeared.
I pushed her even farther.
I stopped my attack on her weak point for the time being and pushed the whole inside of her vagina with my fingers.
Youko: "Nn......nn......!......fua......nn............"
A damp feeling came down from her core and built up in my palm.
As I rolled up her flesh, I bent my fingertips into hooks.
Youko: "Nnnnn!!! Uuuuuu!!"
She came.
Youko: "O-one......"
Misato: "One?"
Taichi: "A habit of hers. It means nothing so don't worry about it."
Misato: "Haa......"
Youko-chan doesn't show herself in front of people much, so some degree of odd behavior would be allowed.
Since there was no doubt that she was a member of Gunjou.
Her degree of perfection on that exam was truly wonderful.
Knowing that an abnormal person definitely won't be overlooked---
Now then,
I took a machine out of my rear pocket.
An ultra rotor using four AA batteries.
That silver object entered Youko-chan's vagina.
Since she was drenched, it slid in nicely.
Youko: "......it's!......co...ld......"
Misato: "Hasekura-san, you don't seem well."
Taichi: "She's always fidgeting and mumbling like this."
Taichi: "Please don't worry about it. Well......this is her ultramarine after all."
Misato: "Aaah, I see."
She easily accepted it.
So, switch on.
Youko: "......!!!?"
Her legs squeezed closed.
It made me think, 『be careful.』
Youko: "Uuaaa......nn!......stro......"
I set the motor to its lowest setting.
Even that was a significant oscillation.
Not gently raising her pleasure, but forcefully taking her to the summit.
I adjusted it as I pushed it in to make contact with her weak point.
Youko: "Nn......!......!---!!"
She isn't acting like herself.
Misato: "That must be tough."
Taichi: "Well, I'm here too."
Sempai gave a friendly smile.
Thankfully, the wind was loud enough to wipe out the sound of the motor.
She seemed completely unaware of the rotor's existence.
Ah, it came out.
I'll push it back in.
Youko: "......kyafu!!......!!!"
She stood on her tiptoes for a while.
I pushed it in further.
Youko: "......nnnnnnnnn!!?"
Standing on her tiptoes even more.
Switch to maximum.
Youko: "......nnnnnn!......Nn......--------!!!!!!"
She came, she came.
In one moment.
She'd climaxed as if being chased up to a high place.
With her heels held up, unable to return to the floor.
Youko: "......hii......t-two-o!......!!!!"
I'd ordered her to report the number of times she cums.
Still, this rotor really is amazing.
Normally, rotors use two batteries, but this one uses four.
On the maximum setting, it rumbles like an earthquake.
And that's what was inside her vagina.
Misato: "Your face...it's red......and...you're sweating..."
Taichi: "That's normal. In fact, it's evidence she's in good condition."
Misato: "Is that so......"
Taichi: "If she got worse, there aren't any doctors, so I want her to stay well."
Misato: "For only us to have been left alive......it's distressing."
Taichi: "It really is."
The two of us nodded.
Youko: "......nnnnn, nnnnn, nnnnnnnn! --!!"
Youko: "Th-three......"
She's cumming again.
Her intervals are short.
I turned it off.
Youko: "......haa, haa."
On.
I changed it to a mode that alternated between the strongest and weakest settings every five seconds.
Youko: "......uu!......Uuu......haa......aau......uuu..."
Taichi: "We must live on, even in these times."
Misato: "That's true, it'll be hard."
Youko: "A......ya......nn!......Taichiii......"
A crying voice.
I started to pull it out again.
But pushed it back in.
Youko: "......aaoh!......Nn!......"
I intentionally pulled it almost all the way out.
Youko: "---nnn!!?"
But yet again inserted it as deep as possible.
Youko: "Uuuuu!......Aaaa......"
She's amazingly wet.
I tried flipping the rear of her skirt.
It was flowing down from her haunches to her inner thighs, becoming quite provocative.
Countless drops fell to the ground, making a small puddle.
And while I thought that, she made even more of them.
I pushed in.
Youko: "............hi!!!?"
A momentary convulsion. A short scream.
Sempai showed her reaction a beat late.
She appeared to be rather overwhelmed.
Misato: "Wh-what's wrong?"
Taichi: "That's a hiccup."
Youko: "That was......fo-ur......"
Youko: "......haa, uuu......tight......no......I... can't......"
She's felt all she can.
As I caressed her haunches, her muscles convulsed as if they had a mind of their own.
Youko: "......f-five......nn!......-----!!"
She's breathing out sweat.
If I looked down now, I'd probably find she'd suffered incontinence.
It fell to the ground from her inner thighs, sparkling.
Youko: "......nn!......no......weaken...it......aku......"
Misato: "Somehow......this is making my heart throb...... umm..."
Sempai began to feel something obscene.
Taichi: "You'll get used to it. She didn't mean anything like that anyway."
Misato: "I see......I guess that's okay."
Youko: "......haan, nn, uu!......Haahaa...nn......a......"
Convulsions.
Youko: "Six......"
She just keeps cumming.
Youko: "......u......uuu......seve......n......nii!!!"
Youko: "Nn! Haa, ha!......Aau---"
Misato: "My, you're sweating."
Misato: "Please use this."
A handkerchief.
Youko: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......"
Youko-chan can't move.
She's holding herself and stiffening up.
Taichi: "Come on, take it."
Youko: "Haa......im-possible......if I moved even a little......I'd......hau!......Nna!!?"
Youko: "......eigh-t!............"
Misato: "What might this counting mean......?"
Taichi: "She actually has a heavy mental sickness that makes her mentally unstable when she's not stretching."
Misato: "......haa."
Taichi: "She looks like she standing here, but she's actually stretching right now."
Misato: "I see, all the mysteries are solved!"
Sempai was relieved.
Misato: "That strange fidgeting is stretching, and she's counting those stretches, and her face is red because that exercise is working. Is that it?"
Taichi: "That's my Sempai! Mostly correct answers."
Misato: "Eh-heh-heh."
'Mostly' since her body is fidgeting because her pu**y feels good.
And she's counting the number of orgasms.
And her face is red because the rotor is putting too much force into her sphincter for it to close.
......although, she's actually close.
Misato: "I understand. So I will not worry about Hasekura-san's behavior in the slightest. I respect her."
Taichi: "That's great, Youko-chan! Here's someone who can understand you well."
I massaged her anus.
Youko: "......uuuuuu............sto-! Noo......It won't, stooop......for......giv............-----!!!!"
Youko: "Nine............uuu! And again......teeen......"
Repeated cumming.
Misato: "I'll wipe off that sweat for you."
Youko: "......ah, no......if you touch me......"
Sempai's handkerchief softly touched her neck (erogenous zone).
At the same time, the rotor I'd turned off touched the deepest part of her vagina.
And then---ignition.
Youko: "......kya!......Ah!............e-leven......nnoh! Uu......uuuuu......-----!!"
She held herself, continuing to climax while standing.
At the same time, her physical body renounced consciousness.
......
............
........................
With a powerful rotary device, I induced eleven sequential orgasms within Youko-chan until she could no longer remain conscious, much less stand up.
I wove intricate and laughable lies to prevent Sempai from noticing the entire time. She seemed to accept them wholeheartedly.
Misato: "Ah, Hasekura-san!"
She collapsed.
I caught her.
I stealthily recovered the rotor.
Taichi: "Aaah, she did it again......this happens a lot when she stretches too much."
Misato: "Yeah, stretching is pretty tough."
Taichi: "I'll take her to the health room so she can rest. Bye."
Misato: "Okay, see you later."
I carried her on my back and left.
I laid Youko-chan down in the health room.
She'd completely lost consciousness.
Taichi: "Hahaha."
This was strange.
Anger reacts to strangeness.
When people understand one another.
Taichi: "I might go berserk at some point, but let's make this work as best as we can."
........................
Before leaving the school, I looked up at the roof.
That was when Mimi-sempai jumped off.
Taichi: "........................"
I saw the moment when the soft Sempai was sucked into and broken by the hard ground.
My emotions flew into an uncontrollable domain.
........................
Taichi: "Uu......"
I felt like vomiting.
Several times it felt like my stomach acid was coming up.
The red scenery was simply dazzling.
That's not physical, is it?
Even so, a mental......it doesn't seem that way either.
It's a scene of reality, and 『something』 staining my vision. I was inside a whirlpool of those two things.
Obviously, I hate red.
Seeing it places a high burden on my mind.
It's nearly torture.
That feeling of wanting to vomit was brought on by that burden, which was also my......what could be called, my defense mechanisms for protecting my character.
Pure red eroded away the parts of my consciousness not covered in static.
This sense of abhorrence fulfills the role of a filter.
My body's five senses were dull. I mean they were gone.
I felt like I was sleepwalking, and was conscious of a dull listlessness as if I was lying down.
I'll begin the lecture.
1) Regarding Mimi-sempai
Had she noticed the shameful play I'd done with Youko-chan?
That question has no meaning whatsoever.
2) Regarding Sakuraba
Sakuraba didn't resist.
He might not have been able to understand the situation.
3) Regarding Kiri and Miki
The first thing I should be careful of is Kiri's weapon.
Since they're a pair, Miki might also be carrying a similar weapon.
Normally I'd start with Kiri.
Since she's the one with attack strength.
But since Miki's threat level is an unknown number, I need to be wary of her as well.
I'll investigate how much battle strength Miki has. I established that as the first step in the sequence.
I did it, and it went well.
4) Regarding Touko
She'd died.
5) Regarding Tomoki
He'd died.
His corpse had been moved and hidden inside the prefab structure.
The water inside the mop bucket on the roof was blackish red.
That was all.
6) Regarding Youko-chan
She didn't resist.
Taichi: "Ah......"
This sort of thing happened before---
........................
............
......
Taichi: "Ah......"
The sun went down.
Together with my rationality.
Have I been growing senile this whole time?
I confirmed the situation I was left in.
First, what day is this?
It's obvious.
Because it was evening when I went out the front gate.
I passed another whole day.
One day passed, and I---
Aaah...an amazing sunset.
A faint shading with a vermillion keynote could be seen through the atmosphere.
I looked down at myself. My shirt was stained black.
The blood of four people.
Taichi: "......uuu......uu! Uuuu!......"
I opened my mouth like a beast, and from the bottom of my lungs,
Wrung out a voiceless cry.
The red spread out everywhere---
Sunday...at least, it should be.
I stood alone on the roof.
Youko-chan had hardly resisted at all.
I looked at her hand.
Both hands, dripping red.
Taichi: "............"
It wasn't just Youko-chan lying down.
Everyone was here.
Wait, why did it turn out like this?
It's true the antenna was broken, and everyone gathered, and Tomoki was the culprit, and Kiri held up a crossbow.
Youko-chan ****ed Kiri.
hehe
She tried to do the same to everyone who tried to stop her.
Like a ****ing machine.
hehehe
So I had no choice but to **** Youko-chan.
hehehehe
I said 『It's all right』 to everyone who lived through it, then......who was it......that picked up the knife and pointed it toward me?
As if I was a monster.
I'm not a monster.
Then, I ****ed despite myself.
I ****ed everyone.
I ****ed Miki before she ****ed me.
I broke.
I broke a lot. It was tough.
I have a feeling I ****ed one or two more after that...
Did I **** them because they ****ed?
hehehehehehehehe
The other way around?
Which is worse?
It's not in my memory.
Just what was I doing yesterday?
I can't remember anymore.
It's a trivial thing. Compared to today.
Aaah, I did **** everyone.
Is there someone who will **** me?
Is there no one?
I lay down.
The sky was beautiful.
The sky was filthy.
Taichi: "Red---"
Even from me, tears came out.
........................
............
......
Taichi: "............"
There was a mountain of things I wanted to say.
But, anything I say to her is meaningless.
I'll do only what I should do.
........................
............
......
And then, Sunday.
The roof.
All the preparations had been made.
......but it wasn't meant to be.
The antenna had been destroyed.
There are only 『eight people,』 and yet...
She was at the base of the destroyed spire.
There she was crouched down.
I tried to put my hand on her shoulder, but she dodged it.
Tomoki and Sakuraba arrived.
Touko arrived.
Sakuraba punched Tomoki.
Tomoki's mouth looked unnaturally bent because of it.
The door opened with an ill omen, and Kiri and Miki came out.
Kiri possessed the power to cause bloodshed.
After that, there was only falling down.
The truth was made red.
Betrayed bonds.
A fragile unity more ephemeral than a vision.
Wrong.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
I hadn't anticipated a breaking off.
Touko died.
Noise heightened.
Kiri directed animosity toward me.
For a moment, I wanted to kill Kiri.
Okay, it's over---
I ran down the hallway.
The noise of students.
Countless footsteps.
The sound of a door opening.
The sound of a bell.
Silence.
Silently.
There shouldn't be any communication.
Youko: "I think Taichi lived well."
Youko: "You've continued to search for the possibility dozens, hundreds and thousands of times."
Youko: "But within them, there wasn't a single one of the happy ends that Taichi desired."
Youko: "None of them could be called anything but bad ends."
Youko: "Nothing but bad ends."
Youko: "......you understand now, don't you?"
Taichi: "............"
She began following me, along with the smell of blood.
Taichi: "Why did you kill them?"
Youko: "......I'm the only one for you."
Youko: "I wanted you to know that."
Youko: "Let's end this already."
Youko: "We should live together now."
Taichi: "I...can't do that......"
Youko: "I see."
Youko: "Then, I'll wait, however many times it takes."
My days in the mansion had been immersed in dark impurity.
My form reflected in the window was that of a girl.
Obviously.
Because I was cross-dressing.
I had a roommate.
Hasekura Youko.
It was her.
And during the night events, we were favored.
It was a good place for child abuse.
But that wasn't it.
The excuse was that Youko-chan and I were under their protection.
Every night, we were hurt by the speartip of the animal passions people possessed.
Every day, every day.
There were people being hurt, and people hurting them.
And then we saw the end of someone being hurt.
A husband and wife torn apart.
We could only endure it.
We only expected to live through it.
We lived, with our entire hearts and bodies covered in wounds.
And then, the contract.
An alliance to live carved into our hearts.
With just that vow, we had enough strength to live.
If only that man hadn't come---
The outrages became more radical.
We devised a plan.
The battle strength of two children.
And knowledge of the land.
The important part was to get them all in one fell swoop.
They numbered too many for us to defeat individually.
We needed an equation to make the impossible possible.
We made time, prepared tools, trained, observed, altered, investigated, deferred, purchased, revised, searched, decided, withdrew and kissed.
We were going to grant them ruin, equal to the cost of all the dignity they'd stolen.
I also disposed of her chastity before it was stolen by them.
We were one mind and body, siblings, connected people.
Our mutual correspondence had no fraternization.
It truly was disposal.
Even as the plan stagnated, we steadily framed it.
And then, the day we carried it out.
Fourteen dead.
The children became beasts.
And then......we were released.
As victims.
Yes, as a tender boy and girl.
A pitiful sacrifice.
The culprit......
Taichi: "A really huge......and bald......man. That's who it was."
The monstrously thrilling case was confined in a deep, dark labyrinth.
Society always maintained it at a fixed temperature.
Why did I come here?
Last Sunday, on the way back from the campout, I walked by this way, but I'd never once come here.
I want to return.
That's right, I want to flee.
From this world with no one in it.
From this massacred world.
Because, we...
I pushed through the grass.
Because I passed through here.
Would 'passed through' be misleading?
All I did was squint my eyes.
At that time...
The campout I'd forcefully arranged ended in failure, and everyone was walking with frigid feelings.
A summer break far longer than the general education institution consumed our last few days.
Everyone must have been feeling bitter.
So was I.
I took the lead as if fleeing.
I wanted to flee.
From that which my eyes captured.
I instinctively felt an emptiness on the other side.
At the time I momentarily thought about becoming alone.
I squinted my eyes.
When I did, the world shifted like an optical illusion.
Taichi: "......"
I am one who observes two worlds.
And then, I came to know that the world was far more absurd and nonsensical than I'd ever thought.
I was struck by frustration, and kicked the hokora.
The door opened from the shock.
Even for a prankster like me, this was the first time I'd ever opened it.
I peeked inside.
I was shocked.
Taichi: "What...is this......?"
In there were piled up,
Stacks of notebooks reaching up to the ceiling.
Taichi: "This is......?"
University notebooks had been shoved in here until there was no more room.
I felt a faint coldness, and tried pulling out one of them.
I was shocked.
Isn't this my handwriting?
Aren't they all mine!?
Taichi: "This one too......ah, and this one......"
Even though I have no memory of writing them...
I followed my handwriting.
One notebook......two notebooks......
Confusion swelled up as I continued reading.
Seven notebooks......eight notebooks......
My doubt surpassed a certain point and within moments formed an organic combination with my brain.
Taichi: "......we're......repeating?"
And, while I was loving someone, bringing them back and reconciling with them......I desired a blessed conclusion of a fixed probability with everyone in unity.
The world will end after one week.
Just that little time.
Since I know we're repeating, and being reset---
Friendship, bonds, unity.
The word for it doesn't matter.
I desired 『that.』
The result......is a cruel thing.
A happy end that shouldn't exist.
Nanaka: "......Taichi."
Taichi: "Nanaka......?"
The girl I met at the start of the week.
But her existence is shown by the notebooks.
Nanaka: "Taichi."
Taichi: "......what is this......?"
Taichi: "What kind of situation is this?"
Taichi: "......everyone......died......"
Taichi: "But, soon all of it won't have happened, and we're just going to repeat it from the top?"
Taichi: "What the hell is that!?"
Taichi: "Far too many attempts to count......"
Just the number of notebooks in the pile...no, if we include the unrecorded possibilities, it'd be several times this many.
Taichi: "Is this it?"
I stuck out my palm, with blood still stuck to it.
Taichi: "Is this the only ending there is!!?"
Taichi: "Isn't there......a slightly better...... conclusion?"
Taichi: "How many times have I repeated this?"
Taichi: "How many times will I repeat it?"
Taichi: "Just how many mistakes do I have to make!?"
Taichi: "How many times...do I have to pass through this destruction......to reach..."
Taichi: "......how many times......will everyone......"
I hit the trunk of a tree.
Taichi: "Even though I needed everyone!"
Taichi: "......have I ever once ended in a happy way?"
Taichi: "Answer me. You know, right? You've got some amazing power, don't you?"
Taichi: "Aren't you the boss of this world!!?"
I glared at her.
The girl avoided my gaze with a sad face.
Nanaka: "Taichi......"
Taichi: "Answer me."
Nanaka: "Hey, does it really have to be a happy end?"
Nanaka: "Going out with someone individually, and becoming happy."
Nanaka: "Playing with friends."
Nanaka: "It's okay to keep on playing here forever."
Nanaka: "In this world where you can redo anything, I think Taichi could live without stress."
Nanaka: "Wouldn't that be nice?"
Nanaka: "Or is that something you can't do?"
Nanaka: "I'm here too, after all."
Nanaka: "Is it?"
Taichi: "......the other side of that happiness is that there's a possibility I'll hurt everyone."
Taichi: "There are times she does poorly, thinking I won't do it."
Taichi: "A happy week and an unhappy week are equally probable."
Taichi: "The two sides are like one; there are both disasters and blessings."
Taichi: "Any number of blessings is fine. But sins......"
I pulled down a pile of notebooks.
They broke down like dominoes and covered part of the ground.
Taichi: "The sins will be recorded here for eternity, right?"
Taichi: "Knowing that......how can I live without stress......?"
Taichi: "What's nice about that?"
Taichi: "......this is......hell."
Nanaka: "......Taichi."
Taichi: "What's fun about hurting your friends?"
Taichi: "Why do I always leap out when I need to hold myself back!?"
Taichi: "What part of me is noble!?"
Taichi: "If you say that the world is being reset, then why are the sins I've committed up to now being recorded here!!?"
Taichi: "What Yutaka did to me will never become fiction."
Taichi: "Sins continue to exist forever, you know."
Taichi: "And then, as long as there are people, my sins will keep increasing."
Taichi: "That's why I wanted to go away somewhere on the way home from the campout."
Taichi: "I wanted to go to a place with only me."
Taichi: "......why was everyone else mixed into that?"
Nanaka: "About that, Taichi..."
A face of sympathy.
Nanaka: "That's because......Taichi looked at everyone."
Taichi: "......what did you say?"
Nanaka: "Taichi, when you were pulled in here, didn't you look at everyone?"
Nanaka: "......afraid of becoming alone, you looked behind you, didn't you?"
Nanaka: "Taichi observed everyone, and pulled them in here."
Taichi: "I...did that......?"
Nanaka: "Didn't you say it too?"
Nanaka: "That you need other people."
Taichi: "In order to hurt them?"
Nanaka: "No, not that."
Nanaka: "In order to remain yourself---"
Taichi: "I...hate myself......"
Nanaka: "Don't say that, you idiot!"
She hit me.
I didn't feel any impact at all, but my heart shook. Faintly.
Nanaka: "Idiot, idiot......"
She hit my chest several times.
Taichi: "......sorry."
With both her fists lying on my chest, Nanaka said,
Nanaka: "You certainly are raising something scary in your heart."
Nanaka: "Humans aren't noble after all."
Nanaka: "And the world isn't beautiful."
Nanaka: "But, doesn't Taichi have just one beautiful thing?"
Taichi: "......I don't have anything. I'm just black. My heart specializes in hurting people; it isn't beautiful at all."
Nanaka: "But that Taichi is getting flustered like any normal person would."
Taichi: "......"
Nanaka: "You want to have healthy dreams, and imitate them......without thinking anything, or hurting anyone, just living on. That's what I think."
Taichi: "I'm only thinking that."
Nanaka: "But, that's an asset."
Nanaka: "Be a little proud of it."
Taichi: "......I......I..."
Nanaka: "It's fine if you continue living in this one week forever."
Her kind words echoed in my chest.
No, it's like...
It was as if her voice was being produced from inside my chest.
Something felt nostalgic.
Taichi: "......no."
I shook my head.
Taichi: "......I'll send them back."
Nanaka: "Back............?"
Taichi: "I can return everyone to their former world......can't I?"
Nanaka: "Taichi......that's......"
Taichi: "I think I can. I remembered."
Taichi: "How should I put it......that place......"
Taichi: "I think that place is a much easier place to observe at."
Taichi: "It still has this image like a shining crevice."
Taichi: "Though only I can see it."
Taichi: "If I'm in that place, I might just be able to send them back home."
Taichi: "By observing them."
Nanaka: "Wait, wait a minute!"
Nanaka: "......you're going to be alone!!?"
Grievous.
On the other hand, I'm horribly calm.
Taichi: "That's...okay."
Nanaka seemed to have lost her words.
Taichi: "The name of the broadcasting channel is Cross Channel after all."
Taichi: "Because I'm Kurosu."
Taichi: "It's a stupid pun, but..."
Taichi: "Isn't communication a technique that exists because we want to connect with others?"
Taichi: "Phones, wireless, radios, televisions, e-mail, cell phones, conversations, letters."
Taichi: "We can't become one with another. But we can temporarily cross and feel each other."
Taichi: "That's what humans are."
Taichi: "It means their channels are crossing. That's also......"
Taichi: "An exchange of hearts."
Taichi: "You're incredibly sensible. Thanks to that, I finally understand."
Taichi: "I can't cross with anyone---"
Nanaka: "......"
When I held her, I had a reassuring feeling similar to taking a nap in the sunshine.
Taichi: "Nanaka......?"
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......that's all I can leave you with......"
Leave me with?
What did she just say?
Taichi: "Leave what?"
But she's no longer here.
Taichi: "Eh?......Nanaka?"
Taichi: "Nanakaaaa!!"
No presence.
She seems to have disappeared perfectly.
A wry smile.
Taichi: "......you're telling me to do it myself."
I returned the notebooks to the hokora.
Taichi: "There's no space for me to enter......"
That's right.
There are the notebooks from the past.
That shows that this hokora is exempt from the time rules.
It must not be a coincidence that the gate and the hokora are close together.
In that case,
I'll sit down behind the hokora.
And---
Taichi: "!?"
Why's it suddenly evening?
Taichi: "What......is this?"
I looked up at the sky.
An increasing density of scarlet.
A deep malicious red was synchronizing with the blood-colored world.
Taichi: "......uu......"
I felt dizzy.
Horribly...dizzy...
I closed my eyes.
My semicircular canals were shaking, as if I'd just gotten off the coffee cups at an amusement park.
Taichi: "Aaa............"
And then, the world darkened.
........................
............
......
When I woke up, the peculiarly cold morning atmosphere pierced my skin.
Taichi: "This is......"
I climbed up the mountain path.
To a location I could survey from.
Taichi: "No sign of people......"
I have to confirm what day of the week today is.
I went down the mountain.
........................
Taichi: "Ha! Ha!......"
I flew into the Tasaki Shop.
I should be able to confirm the date here.
Taichi: "......September......7th."
That was on the memo most recently put up.
No, that's still not proof.
I flew into the classroom.
At the same time, I lost my words.
The window seat.
PCP_S cca0004
The girl was resting her chin on her hand. She gave me a single glance.
Touko: "......"
With no words, her line of sight moved back outside.
I had no words for her.
Taichi: "You're alive......"
I covered my eyes.
The girl who, in my memories......died yesterday.
Taichi: "Aaah!......"
I feel to my knees and left my whole body to the numbness coming from my emotions.
Touko faced me as if looking at something queer.
Taichi: "See you later."
I waved to her with a queerly forced smile, and left the classroom.
Taichi: "......it's Monday."
I've returned.
I've returned as myself.
I climbed the mountain once again.
I peeked into the right place, but the sense of conjunction had disappeared.
Taichi: "Nn......it's gone?"
That can't be.
I hurriedly searched the surroundings.
Taichi: "......that's it."
I was filled with understanding.
Taichi: "It can only connect at a specific time."
Regardless of the logic, I had to assume that.
In any event, I'll be able to tell on the weekend.
If I can't figure it out, I can just spend another week investigating it.
I took the notebooks out of the hokora.
I'll investigate.
What's going on in this world.
I'll study it.
If there is no flawless happiness, that's just fine.
Having everyone get along was no more than my wish.
When contacting any individual person, there were ways to attain an optimal result.
That will be how I make my living.
Memories live on in my heart.
I can explain it in a single sentence.
I wished.
For a paradise where no one had to be hurt.
Mutsumi-san, I'm going to try and obtain that.
And then,
And then,
And then---
And then, I woke up.
Just in case, I checked the depths of the bushes.
Okay.
Out of phase. That's what I'll call it.
Only my eyes could observe the path home on the other side of it.
It's the truth only for those who observe.
If I pass through there, I can go home.
To a world filled with people.
Although, that's right.
I'll---
Youko-chan's nowhere to be seen.
There was just a bentou left on the table.
I headed to school.
I walked in an uninhabited world.
There were no signs of any people, or any other life forms.
It didn't feel full.
No cicadas cried.
Unnatural space.
Swirling contradictions at the nucleus of crossed worlds.
A small world of only eight people.
Taichi: "......"
Nanaka won't come out either.
Nanaka: "........................"
  -Go to school
  -Go to the Tasaki Shop
Now then,
  -First year classroom
  -Second year classroom
  -First year classroom
  -Roof
  -First year classroom
  -Cafeteria
  -First year classroom
  -Second year classroom
  -Roof
  -First year classroom
  -Second year classroom
  -Cafeteria
  -First year classroom
  -Roof
  -Cafeteria
  -First year classroom
  -Second year classroom
  -Roof
  -Cafeteria
  -Second year classroom
  -Roof
  -Second year classroom
  -Cafeteria
  -Second year classroom
  -Roof
  -Cafeteria
  -Roof
  -Cafeteria
Time flowed on leisurely.
I spent the remaining time I had left reading books.
I recently realized that I could read things that I couldn't understand before.
From now on I'll waste a lot of time and obtain tiny things.
I just added a week to my repayment time.
I turned the pages.
While inputting the rows of text into my brain, I simply wasted time.
The 『conquest』 was a failure.
Therefore, there was a need to do it over.
The convenient reset only occurs on the weekend.
Passing these days will be a rehearsal for living in my eventual paradise.
I have to instill time-consuming living habits.
I looked out the window.
Though no cicadas cry in this world, there's someone out there somewhere.
I can't feel them, but that's the truth.
Someone is out there somewhere.
That's a blessing.
My heart, healthily and warmly, tightened up just a little bit.
And then---
I pushed the door open.
There was resistance.
It was being pushed from the other side.
Pushed strongly.
On the far side of the door there was a little turbulence.
It was the wind.
The antenna.
It was taking shape.
A lot of tuning was needed, for directionality and wavelength and so on.
But, I don't have that knowledge.
Sempai wasn't an expert, but I think she'd studied it.
That Sempai......wasn't here.
Tools.
Stepladder.
Books.
An empty bag of bread blown around by the wind.
Only traces of her work were left.
So I guess she's not working twenty four hours a day.
I looked up at the antenna.
A tall structure, open to its surroundings.
Apparently you need just the right environment to send out EM waves.
It's a strictly local radio broadcast called Community FM.
That's not a low enough goal for a school club to aim for.
But,
The favorable location, the history of Gunjou Institute, and the goodwill of interested local people.
Those things tied together into this.
The preparations still continued, but due to a certain incident with loose ends, it had become rather indefinite.
The antenna was delivered, but then left alone for a year.
Those were the circumstances.
Most likely, the items requested for Gunjou FM were filled with hopes and dreams for healthy young boys and girls.
Sorry, but Gunjou is no such thing.
You could say the result was all right.
Misato-sempai plans to send an SOS.
She said so on Sunday night.
After we split up and confirmed that humanity had disappeared.
Since the antenna has some altitude, we'll attempt to complete it so we can send a dispatch...... it was certainly lacking in a sense of realism.
Honestly, I thought Sempai was falling apart.
Fleeing makes people weaker.
And Sempai was weak enough to begin with.
Misato: "Peke-kun?"
Behind me.
I turned to face her.
Taichi: "Hello there, Sempai."
Misato: "Hello there......ummm, what's going on?"
Taichi: "I came to see how things were going."
Sempai smiled softly.
Misato: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "I haven't come here for a while, but it's quite a ways along."
Misato: "I've been doing bits and pieces of it for a long time."
Yes,
After the Broadcasting Club broke down naturally,
Sempai's done everything on her own.
The lunch break DJ.
Various broadcasts.
Everything.
No one helps her anymore.
Kiri started being hostile toward me,
Tomoki started avoiding his sister,
Miki started smiling nervously,
Touko started ignoring me,
Splendid rubble.
Only Sakuraba didn't change.
As always, he never showed up.
Although I hung around Sempai despite all that,
She refused my help.
Taichi: "......is that so?"
Misato: "Even so, I was really surprised."
Taichi: "I'd bet."
Misato: "For all the people to go away at once..."
Taichi: "It's quiet."
Misato: "Very very quiet."
Taichi: "Where were you?"
Misato: "I was just......a bit hungry."
Taichi: "It's midday. Were you able to find any good food?"
Misato: "Yeah, I went back to my house. Getting food isn't especially inconvenient."
Taichi: "Aaah, you cut school, the prez was cutting."
Misato: "Th-that's not it! That's not cutting!"
She became worried.
Sempai values the rules highly.
Taichi: "Suspension, that's suspension."
Misato: "I don't want suspension, there'll be a mark on my record..."
Taichi: "Suspension! Suspension!"
Misato: "I can't be suspended..."
We frolicked together.
This was the shortest distance between any of us right now.
What sort of development would occur if I touched Sempai?
I was well aware,
From my own experience, and their records.
There's a need to proceed cautiously.
I'll approach Sempai,
Slightly touch Sempai,
And then---
She's sleeping.
I'd known this.
Misato: "......"
Soft, regular breathing.
I gazed at her for a while.
At long last, her eyes opened slightly.
Misato: "Ah......what......?"
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "......Kurosu......kun?"
Taichi: "I'm Peke."
Misato: "Peke-kun......"
That nickname she just recited is reserved only for Sempai's use.
Misato: "How long have you been there?......That's embarrassing."
She covered her face.
Taichi: "Just now."
Taichi: "Anyway, it's dangerous to nod off in the middle of the day."
Misato: "Aaah, yes, I'm fine, guu..."
I pulled her up.
Taichi: "You mustn't sleep."
I repositioned her glasses.
Misato: "Hafu."
Taichi: "Now Sempai's back to normal."
Just on the outside.
Taichi: "Are you awake now?"
Misato: "Nooo......I'm sleeeepy......"
Taichi: "That's okay, but I can see your panties."
Misato: "......!......!!!"
She woke up.
She is a lady, after all.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "Go...od morning......aaah, my head huuurts......"
Taichi: "That's because you slept in the sun. You'll die if you do that."
Misato: "No, I'll survive."
Taichi: "Your resolve is excellent."
Taichi: "But that's dangerous, so from now on, I'll be conducting surveillance on you."
Misato: "......huuuh?"
Taichi: "That means this Kurosu Taichi will participate in your flight, I mean club activities."
Misato: "Club iiis oveeer!!"
Taichi: "Club is starting!!"
Misato: "But it just ended......"
Taichi: "Just kidding. But I'll be coming to visit sometimes."
Misato: "Oh, is that all?"
Taichi: "Then, see you tomorrow."
Misato: "Yes, see you tomorrow."
As I left the school building, I looked up at the roof.
The antenna was standing there.
Beside it,
Sempai still remained.
She'd been working.
Even though it's almost night.
By herself.
Back when I believed that not touching people was the one and only path---
I met Sempai.
Misato: "Good afternoon!"
Taichi: "......?"
Misato: "You're always alone, aren't you?"
Misato: "My name is Miyasumi Misato."
Misato: "Why don't we start a club together?"
Those words cannot be forgotten.
My first other.
My first someone.
I woke up.
Sunlight was penetrating through the window.
I must have been sleeping soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time......7 A.M.
I have to go to school.
I used to walk to school with that girl.
Yuusa: "Huh? Taichi-san?"
Taichi: "Morning."
Yuusa: "Ah, good morning."
Yuusa-chan---
At that time, we were friends.
She was asleep.
I picked up her alarm clock.
It was set for 12.
Had she been doing this into the night?
Had she been moving around until I fell asleep?
Was it that tough?
I changed the time on the alarm clock.
Misato: "Nnah, nnah!"
She leaped awake.
Taichi: "What are you doing sleeping in this late?"
Misato: "I'm not sleeping."
Taichi: "You're sleeping."
Misato: "Guu..."
Taichi: "I told you you're sleeping."
Misato: "Aaa......uuu..."
She staggered to her feet.
Misato: "Anyway, good morning."
Taichi: "Good morning, Sempai."
Taichi: "Won't you die from the heat if you sleep here in the middle of the day?"
Misato: "Ah, right, that's true. I'll be more careful."
Sempai wiped her glasses with the hem of her skirt.
I averted my eyes.
I'm a gentleman, a gentleman.
Misato: "Nyamu......"
She held back a yawn while wiping her glasses.
Misato: "Fuuu, my body feels heavy."
Taichi: "I bet it does."
Misato: "What time is it?"
Taichi: "About eight."
She lay down without a word.
And put her hands together for a pillow.
"She" redundancy here, since who she is as a subject has already been established. I'd recommend chaning the above to "Misato"
Taichi: "Even though you'll die doing that."
There were bottles of sake rolling around in her belongings.
Drink, flee, drink, flee.
Sempai must have it rough.
Taichi: "Well, I'll let you do as you please."
Misato: "ZZZ......"
I carried Sempai on my back.
She didn't show the slightest sign of waking.
An uninhabited health room.
I laid Sempai down on an empty bed.
Taichi: "Good night, Sempai. Sweet dreams."
I continued the work.
After living through a long proper time, I'd gathered the skills and the knowledge.
I'll construct the system far more efficiently than Sempai.
I don't mind working until I'm dripping in sweat. It's comfortable.
My body changed automatically, and one of my old memories floated up.
What kind of change? I didn't get the implication.
With the roof as my stage, my heart traced out the past and tried to reproduce those impulses once more.
Avoiding the guards' eyes was a daily routine for me.
That day I went to the roof again during lunch break.
Even though I had no doubt that I'd be discovered right away, I'd unexpectedly found a blind spot.
I gazed mindlessly up at the sky until the end of lunch break.
A repose with no possibility of hurting anyone.
A repose is a place free from worry and anxiety, it doesn't have possibility. Need's rewording, someone may be able to vocalize this concern better than I.
From a different perspective, it means not being able to connect with anyone.
I'd thought I didn't care.
Since my primary objective was to live among people, I didn't put much consideration into having fun.
I was aware that I was holding a bomb.
Hanging out with people was a high-priced commodity for me.
What I could afford was this continuous stressful environment.
What I got out of it was an excessive union. Without a happy end.
Of course, it became troublesome.
If I did it this time, there's no doubt that I'd be done for.
Solitude became my daily life.
What other means was there except for desensitizing my own heart?
Misato: "Here we meet again, Kurosu-kun."
She was the one who started talking.
Taichi: "......"
I think I was puzzled.
I'd never been contacted that way.
A girl with huge breasts.
It wasn't that I had no animal passions.
It wasn't that real world girls were a fundamental and hated weakness of mine.
The girl smiled, and waited for my reaction.
She didn't seem to want to leave.
I gave off a 『leave me alone』 aura.
Misato: "?"
The girl didn't notice.
Taichi: "......how do you know my name?"
I had no choice but to answer. Defeat.
Misato: "Aaah, so that's what your voice sounds like."
She clapped her hands and smiled some more.
Taichi: "How...do you know...my name?"
I cut her off to ask.
Misato: "From the student records."
The student records?
Was that something you could look at that easily?
Actually, is it okay for the school to show you that?
I drew out my sarcasm.
Taichi: "......you act like a detective. Are you a criminal?"
Taichi: "Do they teach you how to do that in high school?"
I had quite a bit of confidence in my sarcasm.
"Ability to be sarcastic" or something to that effect. The way it's read is "The above two lines were my 'sarcasm'" and this statement says I have confidence in my 'above two lines', as opposed to one's ability to be sarcastic.
Misato: "Aau, you're strict."
Misato: "But you're right, I'm sorry."
My sarcasm flew right over her.
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "As for what I'm doing here...I'm recruiting."
Misato: "I'm from the Broadcasting Club......"
Taichi: "I know."
Taichi: "I often listen to the lunch broadcasts."
Even if I don't want to.
Misato: "Aaah, then this should go quickly. Yes, that's me, the DJ during lunch."
Taichi: "I don't think I'm that good at flattery."
Misato: "......that sort of thing......isn't my strong suit......"
She drooped.
Taichi: "If you know you're not good, you should stop."
Since I wasn't used to conversation, I was using some strange formal particles in my speech.
Misato: "We perpetually lack people."
Then, she held out one of her hands with the palm facing upward.
Misato: "That's why I wanted to tempt Kurosu-kun."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "............hu."
I tried to laugh coldly, but failed as my facial muscles convulsed, as if an electric current was being passed through them.
......this was the worst.
I equipped an expressionless face as I informed her,
Taichi: "I'm sorry. Please ask someone else."
I stood up and walked away.
Misato: "Aaah, wait, wait!!"
........................
Hers was the first club I'd ever been invited to.
Now,
She's rejecting me.
Wednesday.
To school.
A gate to prevent running away.
It didn't seem to be protecting the students so much as protecting the outside world from us.
That's the impression it held.
Misato: "Peke-kun."
She met me with a suspicious gaze.
Taichi: "Oya, president."
Taichi: "Do you have a hangover?"
Misato: "......I do. Owowowow."
Misato: "It's not that, while I was sleeping in the health room, the work continued on its own......some mysterious phenomenon is occurring."
Taichi: "That was me."
Suggestion: My doing. Indicates he's the source of the phenomenon
Misato: "You did...?"
Taichi: "Because Sempai told me to."
Misato: "Eh!? Did I say that?"
Taichi: "Yes. Maybe because you were drunk, you don't remember it?"
Misato: "No......"
She looks worried.
Now she's indebted to me.
Taichi: "After that, I was wondering what to do, since it was the first time Sempai suddenly danced naked."
Misato: "-!?"
Sempai's eyes became a 『×』 stretched horizontally.
Misato: "Aaaah!!"
Misato: "To think I'd do such a......I can't believe that!"
Taichi: "It was like this......"
Misato: "Hot...it's hooot......I can't weaaar this..."
Sempai undid her necktie with her left hand, and held out her right hand three seconds later at a forty-five degree downward angle, with her index finger buried up to the second joint inside the knot for 0.62 seconds.
The strength of both hands conflicted, increasing the friction, and pulling out the part around her neck with a length of around thirty-two centimeters.
Next, her right hand undid her first and second buttons, each in about two seconds, exposing her chest.
Misato: "Thaaat's...pa-! Pa-! Paaa-!"
She lowered her shoulder straps with both hands, and her right hand once again went for her blouse buttons, and her left hand began to undo the fastener on the side hook of her skirt.
Her blouse in 4.28 seconds, her skirt in 7.34 seconds.
She was in her underwear.
Misato: "I'll strip my panties tooo..."
At about 『my』, they fell to her ankles.
She stepped out of them, and as her shameful hair blew in the wind, she undid her bra hook.
Her tight breasts pushed off their cups, and the cloth danced softly in the air. Unable to attain enough bouyancy to glide, it tumbled and fell to the ground.
By now, Sempai's wardrobe consisted of only glasses, socks and shoes.
The glasses were part of her face, so she's actually naked except for her feet.
Misato: "Someone please look at my unclothed form, someoneeee..."
She stretched both arms out horizontally, and while turning to the left at one revolution per second she moved 6.53 meters.
Misato: "My true mosaic-less form..."
Unfortunately, there was a mosaic.
Misato: "Laaa-lalalala-laaa-laa-la-laa♪"
I like the comment left in here for the voice actor, which basically meant "Do this however it seems apporpriate." ie "Just do whatever."
As there was nothing I could do, I gazed at that beautiful form of Sempai's.
〜END〜
Misato: "......*sob* *sob* *sob*......even though I said you can't look, you did..."
She sat down crookedly and cried like a true Japanese woman.
Taichi: "That's a crane's repayment."
Misato: "What you just depicted so accurately is the truth, isn't it!!?"
Taichi: "Yes."
She fell down in tears.
she fell down in tears, after Taichi "confirmed" what she had done.
Taichi: "But fear not. I dealt with it in such a manner that no one saw a thing."
Misato: "......aah, so that's what happened......thank you very much."
Taichi: "Don't mention it."
Taichi: "Also, I wrote a manuscript."
Misato: "Eh? Did I ask you for that as well?"
Taichi: "Yes, please look at it."
I had transcribed the past manuscript to the letter.
Misato: "Hmmm......this is good..."
She raised her head and showed me a smile.
Misato: "It's just like us."
Taichi: "So it's not rejected?"
We both laughed loudly. A little.
Sempai's face became gloomy.
I'd recommend gloomy here, for more common word usage.
Misato: "......in the end, I can't do anything myself."
Taichi: "You were forcing yourself, weren't you?"
Taichi: "You can't pull all-nighters, then act reckless during the day. That's prohibited."
Misato: "Uuu......a club president being lectured by her kouhai......"
Sempai stood up at the same time the precarious building materials began to move.
I pulled her toward me.
Taichi: "Watch out."
Misato: "Eh?"
Stepladder, needles, tools......all of those things,
While playing dissonant chords, scattered across the ground.
Misato: "Ah......"
Taichi: "That was close."
Misato: "Ah......th-thanks......"
Taichi: "A little longer."
Misato: "Ah, b-but......"
Taichi: "It's dangerous not to do this a little longer."
Misato: "......are you sure......?"
Sempai's smell.
The memories that boiled up had a realistic atmosphere of early summer as they entered my nose.
Misato: "Good evening."
As I was dozing off, there was a cold sensation on my neck.
Taichi: "......uwa, what are-?"
Misato: "It's time for some cold juice."
Sempai was holding two cans.
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "My treat."
Taichi: "............"
She made me take it.
Taichi: "......Sempai's also a persistent person."
Taichi: "I think it's best not to get too involved with me."
Misato: "Why is that?"
She sat down next to me.
Taichi: "Because I'm a worthless guy."
Taichi: "When I'm not careful, I start wanting to hurt people."
I'd like to see desire used over "want" here. Indicated maliciousness
Taichi: "......I'm a dangerous person."
Misato: "Aaah......that sounds heavy......"
If she looked at my records, she should have figured that out.
When she saw my name framed in red.
Taichi: "And now a club? I don't think my participation would be allowed."
Taichi: "You're one of the people here as well......you should understand that."
Misato: "Yes. That's why I wanted to try talking to you like this."
Taichi: "......there are many things you can't understand through talking."
Misato: "There's one thing I do understand."
She raised a finger. Her face was serious.
Taichi: "......which would be?"
Misato: "You have......a normalcy complex."
Taichi: "......!"
She's right. Such insight into a human...is this the wisdom of age?
How could someone pile on thought so as to say something that accurate?
I shuddered.
Misato: "That's the sort of face you're making."
From my face?
I relaxed.
Misato: "In other words, you're yearning to be healthy."
Misato: "......just like me."
She showed me the wounds on her wrists.
They were faint, as they'd begun to disappear, so they must be pretty old.
Taichi: "......these are...?"
Misato: "Self-injury."
Misato: "Even if I cut my wrist, without a lot of preparation, I won't die."
Misato: "But when stress builds up, I hurt myself."
Misato: "To me, 'stress' is......I can't explain it well, but it's something improper."
changed to something, because improper things like rules that aren't followed is what stress is to her.
Misato: "A disorganized room, or rules that aren't followed."
Taichi: "That's tough."
Taichi: "Aren't most of the mouths in the world like that?"
Misato: "That is true......so many of them are sources of stress..."
Misato: "I stop doing this and that, and hurt myself......"
Misato: "Sometimes, I hurt others as well."
Misato: "That's the dilemma I have."
Taichi: "It's different from mine."
Taichi: "Mine......"
I was softly embraced.
Taichi: "Wa-"
Misato: "It's okay, if it's painful, you don't have to talk about it."
Misato: "......anyway, I'm hopeless."
Misato: "But still, I'm struggling toward normalcy."
Taichi: "Sempai......you're......"
Misato: "Flying EM waves, blazing friendship, various events and reconciliation......you too aim for mediocrity, why don't we both work toward that together?"
Taichi: "............"
Misato: "The Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is currently recruiting sensitive, unconfident boys."
Taichi: "......just like a cult solicitation."
Misato: "What's wrong with a cult?"
Taichi: "Weird girl."
Misato: "Hey!"
Taichi: "......ow."
*bump*
A hit to the head.
Misato: "Address your seniors as 'Sempai.'"
Misato: "Also, the price of the juice you drank came out of club funds."
Taichi: "......not bad."
Misato: "You have a duty to at least observe the club now. Yes, you do."
Taichi: "......that's an adult trick."
Misato: "I'm just a petty ojou-chan who has to work laboriously even though I'm a first year because I have so few club members."
Taichi: "Your huge breasts are touching me. Are you okay with that posture?"
Misato: "Ah, you also have interest in that sort of thing?"
Taichi: "I am a boy after all."
Misato: "My little brother is still an utter child."
Defenseless.
She's way too defenseless.
Taichi: "......haha."
I laughed.
Taichi: "I'll join."
Misato: "What?"
Taichi: "......I'll join your club."
Misato: "Eh? Really really?"
Taichi: "Since that's better than being forever solicited by having your breasts pushed against me."
Misato: "Waa! I did it! I'm amazing!"
You are just......
Taichi: "It's the opposite."
Taichi: "It's the opposite of that time."
Misato: "......that time......?"
Taichi: "Have you forgotten already?"
Misato: "Aaah......you mean that time."
The Sempai who willingly pushed her breasts against me.
She no longer has that innocence.
If I held her, she'd twitch and panic.
That'd be Sempai being conscious of me as a member of the opposite gender.
Her breasts bounced a little.
Misato: "......I think...something like that happened."
Taichi: "Payback for suddenly hugging me."
Misato: "That was......but, I'd thought you were a child."
Taichi: "If you don't become more wary, you're going to get hurt."
Misato: "......I'm fine with getting hurt."
Misato: "It's better than hurting others."
Taichi: "How could a person like Sempai hurt people?"
Misato: "............I can hurt them......"
With a hoarse voice, she rubbed her forehead.
This Sempai,
Now,
Was like an innocent girl.
Misato: "Umm......"
Taichi: "Why?"
Misato: "Why am I being nursed when I have no injuries?"
Taichi: "Isn't there a chance you could have some abrasions?"
Misato: "Did I scratch anything......?"
Taichi: "Well, anyway, you seem tired, so you should rest a little."
Misato: "Haa......"
Taichi: "Here, Sempai's cell phone."
Misato: "Ah, thank you."
Taichi: "You're carrying it around even though you can't use it?"
Misato: "......I feel anxious without it."
Misato: "I need to be there if a call comes."
Taichi: "......a call?"
Misato: "From my family."
Taichi: "Sempai's family...aren't they......?"
Misato: "In prison......"
Taichi: "EH?"
Misato: "......their livelihood is crime."
Taichi: "I-I never knew that."
Misato: "Huge embezzlements and tax evasions."
It seems like a lot happened to her.
Taichi: "I'll have to be careful not to become a sexual offender myself."
Misato: "......I can't laugh at that."
Taichi: "Now then,"
Misato: "?"
Taichi: "Please get some sleep soon."
Misato: "I-I-I-I-I-I-I feel like you're going to do something perverted."
Taichi: "How rude. I wouldn't do such a thing."
Not now.
Taichi: "It's fine for Sempai to live easy."
Carefree may be a more situational alternative
With my palm, I closed her eyes.
I entered the hallway.
I searched for Tomoki.
And I was able to find him right away.
I called out to him.
Tomoki: "Taichi......"
Taichi: "Worried about your Nee-san?"
Tomoki: "......eh? No, that's not it, but......I wondered if something happened."
Tomoki: "Besides, we have nothing to do with each other. Our parents are divorced."
Tomoki: "We're both living with a different one."
Different parents?
So their four person family was split in half?
Taichi: "So that's what happened. Who do you live with, Tomoki?"
Tomoki: "......my mother."
Taichi: "So Sempai's with your father?"
Tomoki: "Pretty much......"
Tomoki: "But, aren't the two of you doing something together?"
Taichi: "Yeah, I'm helping with Sempai's club."
Tomoki: "......why this again?"
Taichi: "Well, isn't it nice to have goals?"
Tomoki: "By 'club,' you meant 'that' nonsense?"
Taichi: "That's not nonsense."
Tomoki: "If Taichi's doing such a thing......well, there must be some kind of reason."
Tomoki: "Who else is participating?"
Taichi: "The prez."
Tomoki: "......that's it?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Tomoki: "That's not a club......"
Taichi: "We call it a club to pleasure ourselves."
Tomoki: "......lately, I knew she'd been pushing a lot of things forward...so that was for the club..."
I shrugged my shoulders.
Taichi: "What about you, Tomoki? Behaving poisonously toward your sibling..."
Tomoki: "You mean 'privately.'"
Tomoki: "......I'm sorry."
Taichi: "I see."
Tomoki: "......you'll be betrayed."
He spat out.
Taichi: "Fine by me."
Tomoki: "Nn......"
Taichi: "Is not being betrayed a precondition for trust?"
Tomoki: "That's......"
Taichi: "Then aren't I worthless too?"
Tomoki: "Taichi won't betray me, right?"
Taichi: "No, no, I've betrayed many things, and I'll betray many more things."
Tomoki: "......I can't think of that as one of those high-level gags you usually say."
That's not what I'm saying.
Taichi: "Those precious gems you call gags don't just fall from the sky you know."
Do you prefer quantity to quality?
Tomoki: "Anyway, it's best not to get that close to her. For Taichi's sake."
Taichi: "Nooo, I'll get close to her. I'm going to go where this is going."
Tomoki went pale.
Tomoki: "Wh-what......do you mean 'where this is going'......?"
Taichi: "The goal."
Tomoki: "What 'goal'......?"
Taichi: "Penetration."
Tomoki: "Gu......"
He'd received a shock.
Tomoki: "That's......but......"
Taichi: "You're thinking too much, Immoral."
Stating Tomoki's name to be Immoral aaaaaand....
I slapped his shoulder.
Tomoki: "I'm Tomoki!"
Taichi: "Be a purer Immoral. It's for your sake."
Tomoki: "I don't understand 95% of that."
Taichi: "Flying EM waves, blazing friendship, various events and reconciliation......you too aim for mediocrity, why don't we both work toward that together?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "The Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is currently recruiting boys with unmanageable lust for older sisters."
Words borrowed from Sempai.
I thought I'd tell Tomoki that as well.
Tomoki: "......you know..."
Tomoki's coming soon.
Standby at the entrance.
Tomoki: "Taiiii-"
Taichi: "You came. Thanks for the food."
Tomoki: "Uwa! That's a surprise......you're wearing a kimono."
Taichi: "Isn't it great-writer-esque?"
Tomoki: "Do you always wear that?"
Taichi: "Of course."
Tomoki: "Amazing."
It seems Tomoki respects me all the more now.
Taichi: "Flying EM waves, blazing friendship, various events and reconciliation......you too aim for mediocrity, why don't we both work toward that together?"
Tomoki: "............"
Taichi: "The Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is currently recruiting boys that are honest about their siscon syndromes."
Tomoki: "......about that line......the 'flying EM waves' part...that seems bad somehow..."
Taichi: "Does it?"
Tomoki: "At Gunjou, that'd be......"
Taichi: "On average, ten people in any given class are giving out EM waves......"
Tomoki: "Yeah......"
Taichi: "Though they aren't here anymore......"
Tomoki: "Yeah......"
Taichi: "Well, anyway, thank you for the food."
Tomoki: "Friendship desires---"
Taichi: "Nothing."
Gu!
We laughed invincibly and raised our thumbs.
He's nearly normal now.
Tomoki: "See you."
Taichi: "If you ever settle things, will you come to the club?"
At that moment, his expression hardened.
Tomoki: "......I don't want to be in the same club as a traitor."
Taichi: "Yes-yeees."
Taichi: "Who might you be?"
Yuusa: "Uh, umm, I'm Doujima."
Taichi: "That cute voice hiding underneath a gangster-like surname......Yuusa-chan? It's open, come in."
The door opened timidly, and a pretty girl was standing there.
Yuusa: "Good eveni......ng."
I sat her down and served her wheat tea.
We conversed about many things.
Yuusa: "Umm, today's my birthday."
Taichi: "Oooh? It was today?"
Yuusa: "About that, this is......my birthday present."
Taichi: "Ummm......anyway, thanks. But, why?"
Yuusa: "Also, I thought the exchange diary was due tomorrow, so......"
Taichi: "So here's your exchange diary, and on top of that, a birthday present from me."
Yuusa: "............"
This girl is always at a loss for words when she's surprised.
Taichi: "Now then, why don't I walk you back home?"
Yuusa: "........................!!!?"
She was at an even worse loss for words than before.
Taichi: "It's already nighttime, so there are quite a few dangerous people out there."
Especially in this town.
Taichi: "Shall we go?"
Yuusa: "Y-yes!"
Then, I walked her home.
Yuusa: "You always ask that question, don't you, Taichi-san?"
Yuusa: "That's too hard for me to really understand, but......okay."
Yuusa: "It's training."
It's training.
Training...
Homesickness?
No.
Assault.
Assault.
Yes, assault.
To attack intensely.
Yeah.
I like that word.
I laughed in my dreams.
Without stopping.
Ridicule.
Sunken emotions are soon consumed by the abyss.
The gilding which reminds me of the void of cynicism melts, and the now-bare fragments......mix into an enormous nucleus and jest.
One thought.
Enemies are enemies.
I'll kill them if I must.
But even that thought...is something I want to kill---
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
*ding* *dong* *dang* *dong*
This morning, club activities are proceeding vigorously on the roof.
I'd resolved to join the club, but permission wasn't granted.
Sempai pulled a lot of strings for me.
So that I wouldn't notice.
......although I caught on quickly.
Caught on quickly would eliminate 'noticed' redundancy. 
Even if I wasn't a club member, I was fine participating in club activities.
I was swept up in a temporary mood when I'd ran my mouth off and proclaimed I'd join the club.
I soon regretted it, and tried to take it back.
But......I was naive.
I was dragged,
Misato: "Kurosu-kuuun!"
Dragged,
Misato: "Good afternoon!"
Pulled and dragged along.
Eventually, I was in the club room more often than not.
Misato: "Uhhh..."
Misato: "Put the cable......in the motherboard......slot ......okay, there!"
Sempai was effectively the core of the club activities.
Because she was a human who could take proper action.
Just the two of us.
Misato: "The bay......drive bay......hard disk......uu! The cable still won't go in......"
Taichi: "......haa."
I couldn't watch this.
Taichi: "No. It's this one."
Misato: "Ah, you know it?"
Taichi: "......this part at least."
Misato: "Then, ummm...what about this one?"
Taichi: "That one......why not buy one ready-made?"
Taichi: "Since we don't have any of the knowledge for this, let's go and buy one off the shelf."
Misato: "I was thinking that this could be another part of our club activities."
Taichi: "......nnn."
Misato: "Ah, a creaking noise......"
Taichi: "Wait, wait! Please get out of the way."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "If you do that, you'll just break all the expensive parts you bought."
Misato: "Aaah, thank you."
The school must be rich, since the parts I think she purchased with club funds were all high quality.
Misato: "Whoa. You're skilled."
Taichi: "Well, as much as anyone else."
Sarcasm.
Misato: "Eh-heh-heeeh, my little brother is good with computers too."
I wasn't acquainted with him.
Taichi: "......is that so?"
Misato: "He's a boy after all."
Taichi: "You really like those younger than you."
Misato: "Yes, I find young boys cute."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "I like older women."
Sarcasm 2.
Misato: "I don't dislike them either, but old women really can't become objects of love."
Taichi: "That's obvious!"
I was over-excited.
Taichi: "Good morning."
Misato: "Aaah......Peke-kun......kyaa."
From the top of the stepladder, Sempai...
PCP_S ccb1010
*fump*
...fell off.
I caught her in my arms.
Misato: "Uwa......wawawa!!?"
Taichi: "A lifesaver's emolument."
I let her down right away.
Misato: "......th-thank you!"
Taichi: "Sempai, that way of falling was just like a fattened caterpillar."
Misato: "......please don't make me imagine such a thing."
Grimace + Blush
Taichi: "That's right, there aren't any bugs here."
Misato: "Yes, that's one good thing at least......"
Taichi: "It's nice that the cicadas are quiet for once."
Misato: "Yes......"
Taichi: "Come to think of it---"
In this naturally enclosed town, many cicadas come every year.
And many other bugs as well.
Fat round beetles and the like sometimes cling painfully to the walls of our houses.
After living in a town where I can see such things, I naturally have dreams about the moment of release for larva--which resemble white shrimp chili--buried in the mountains.
Taichi: "If I talked about that while eating shrimp chili in the cafeteria, I'd end up fighting against Touko, equipped only with a broken spoon."
Misato: "......hu!"
Misato: "Ahahahahahaha!"
Even with only two people, club was fun.
Taichi: "......nn?"
A presence.
Misato: "What's wrong?"
Taichi: "No, that was just a bit impure."
Misato: "How antiquated."
The door to the school interior.
When I opened it, I heard footsteps rushing down.
Taichi: "So it wasn't Youko-chan......"
This person's way of concealing their presence was childish.
Which means,
Taichi: "Tomoki......perhaps?"
That system component guy just won't be honest with himself.
Well, I'll go to the bathroom for now.
*whshhhh* (running water)
Taichi: *sigh*
Youko: "......I saw that."
Taichi: "Owa! You're here!"
The real thing.
Youko: "Carry me."
Taichi: "......eh?"
Youko: "On your back."
Youko: "In your arms."
Taichi: "......what?"
Youko: "The way you carried that glasses girl."
Taichi: "Glasses girl......"
Youko: "You've held her in all sorts of ways."
Taichi: "......you saw them all?"
Youko: "In your arms."
Youko: "In your arms."
Youko: "In your arms."
It seems she did.
Taichi: "I understand what you're trying to say......"
Youko: "In your arms."
Taichi: "......you want me to do that......at your age?"
Youko: "Age doesn't matter."
Taichi: "......you can live on without being carried in someone's arms."
Youko-chan was expressionlessly disappointed.
Taichi: "More importantly, there's something I'd like a bit of help with......Youko-chan, you know a lot about that sort of thing, right?"
Youko: "In your arms."
Hmmm.
Taichi: "......are we negotiating?"
She nodded.
Taichi: "I understand. I'll do it. Then you'll help, right?"
Youko: "Carry me like a bride."
Taichi: "I can't do something that doesn't make sense."
Youko: "Normally is fine......"
Taichi: "Then come here."
Youko: "............"
She seemed happy.
......I'm being tricked.
Snug and cozy.
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "......how's this?"
Youko: "......good."
Taichi: "Then I'll let you down."
Youko: "No, no......"
She was upset.
Taichi: "More?"
Youko: "More."
Youko: "I'm still not satisfied......"
Taichi: "Nnn."
That's pretty tough, since she's quite weighty.
Her muscles were heavier than her fat.
A fearsome measure of the next generation of children.
......'next generation' is a weird phrase.
Youko: "Walk."
Taichi: "You wanna go for a walk......?"
Youko: "Nn......"
She seemed satisfied.
If she'd always been like this, I could have honestly fallen in love with her.
Youko: "......that's good."
Taichi: "Ah, I see."
No matter what, I end up seeing her stratagems.
Youko: "Very...good."
Taichi: "Okay..."
I moved.
She was getting heavy.
Taichi: "......is that enough?"
Youko: "No."
Taichi: "......muu."
She made me walk around the school for nearly another ten minutes.
Taichi: "S-still?"
Youko: "A little longer."
Taichi: "Uu, uuu!"
My arms...
Yet another lap.
Taichi: "It's getting painful."
Youko: "A little more......"
Taichi: "Give me a number. How long until you'll be satisfied?"
Youko: "Just under an hour."
Taichi: "My arms'll rip off."
Forced abdication.
Taichi: "That's it."
Youko: "......haa."
She was disappointed.
No choice. I'll sexually harass her with love.
Taichi: "Then I'll do something else instead."
Youko: "Do what?"
Taichi: "There's something I've wanted to try doing at least once."
Youko: "Which is?"
Taichi: "Reverse piggyback."
Youko: "I don't understand."
Taichi: "Please imagine a normal piggyback."
Youko: "Okay."
Taichi: "Generally, the knees of the person on top point forward and to the face of the person on the bottom, but......"
Taichi: "Now turn that around so he's facing backward."
Taichi: "And the person on the bottom stays put."
Taichi: "Reverse piggyback."
Youko: "........................"
Youko: "......Taichi's ero power is something beyond measure."
Taichi: "Thank you. Now, let's do it."
Youko: "......I think...that would be......incredibly ......embarrassing..."
It's rare for her to hesitate.
Taichi: "Okay, then I'll go ask Mimi-sempai."
Youko: "Crouch, and......"
Easy.
Even though there's no way Mimi-sempai would consent.
Taichi: "Yaaay."
Youko-chan stood right in front of me.
Youko: "......then......"
I mounted her thighs on my shoulders.
One at a time.
And then, the reverse piggyback was complete---
Taichi: "Ooooo......"
Taichi: "Oooooooo......"
Taichi: "Uuoooooooooooo......"
No regrets!!!
Last year, I'm pretty sure Tomoki and Mimi-sempai had been fighting.
Tomoki: "That's because Onee-cha......Aneki would betray me......"
Tomoki: "I was forced into the Broadcasting Club in the first place. I'd wanted to be in the 'Going Home' Club, but she just had to say, 'Aren't you a computer nerd? Come help out.'"
Tomoki: "Why do I have to get into a sports club and make up with aneki after all this time?"
Last year, and now.
Two falling outs.
There was a big difference between the two fights.
And then, today, a year later.
Tomoki was eating bread alone.
Taichi: "......yo."
Tomoki: "Aaah......if you want bread, there's more over there."
Tomoki: "Though it might have gone bad."
Taichi: "Yeah."
It probably hasn't gone bad.
But it's all curry bread.
I'm pretty sure that, near the center......
There, croquette bread.
Tomoki: "Huh? There was one of those in there?"
Taichi: "Your search was naive."
Tomoki: "......swap for this?"
Taichi: "Here."
Tomoki: "Thanks."
Tomoki ate the croquette bread.
Taichi: "......that bread comes out of the Broadcasting Club's budget."
Tomoki: "Pu! Don't lie about that!"
Tomoki: "It's the cafeteria's bread anyway."
Taichi: "Now you have a duty to help the club."
Sempai's strategy.
Tomoki: "No I don't!"
Taichi: "......stubborn guy."
Tomoki: "Is there even a reason for me to help?"
Taichi: "Because she's family?"
Tomoki: "......well, I mean......"
He immediately looked fatigued.
Though I knew it when I said that.
Because of the many and varied human relationships,
A light attack can become pleasure.
Though if it's too strong, it'll do damage.
Fundamentally, there are no means for people to touch people other than through attacks.
I think of friendship as nothing more than the skill of holding back.
Taichi: "Why not once in a while?"
Tomoki: "......you're persistent today, Taichi. That's not like you at all."
Yes, it's not like me.
Tomoki: "Wasn't loving things the way they are one of your good points?"
Taichi: "The way they are......"
Taichi: "Y-you......want me to love you?"
Tomoki: "That's just twisting my words!"
Making jokes or self-destructing doesn't constitute an attack.
I know. Everything.
I was like a street performer being noisy in front of his house.
Since I suck at stepping inside, I can only affirm everything about someone.
I have no other means. Normally.
Taichi: "Well, yeah, it hurts to have that pointed out, but..."
But now---
Tomoki: "......Taichi, really, it's best you be careful."
Taichi: "Why?"
Tomoki: "You'll just be betrayed."
Taichi: "I won't understand unless you show me an example."
Tomoki: "......you'll just get sold."
Taichi: "For how much?"
Tomoki: "I guess you don't want to listen seriously......"
Taichi: "......sorry......I find a serial atmosphere ticklish......"
Tomoki: "A serious atmosphere!"
He hit the table.
Taichi: "Don't snap like that. It reminds me of biology."
Tomoki: "I'm a man! You pea-brained idiot!"
Taichi: "Ah, speak not of pea-brains!!"
Eternal trauma.
Tomoki: "Youuu!"
Taichi: "Annoy meee!"
Tomoki: "Iieeyaaa!"
Taichi: "Cheisaaa!"
Lacerations made by the like-minded enrich the heart.
That's why I'm being fulfilled.
And that's why I'm doing club activities.
Hmmm.
Here?
Or maybe here?
What's this hole for? Do I feed the cable through it?
Taichi: "......"
I'll put it here for now. This feels like the right spot.
Misato: "You can tell where it goes?"
Taichi: "Well, somehow."
Sempai was holding the stepladder below me.
Misato: "It's encouraging to have a boy here."
Taichi: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "Anytime you are in need, I shall......"
Come to think of it,
Doesn't she have a brother?
Taichi: "......umm, are you fighting with Tomoki?"
Sempai's face became overcast.
Misato: "Aaah, well......"
Misato: "There's a bit of a cold war."
Taichi: "So even Tomoki gets in fights."
Misato: "Eh?"
Taichi: "That guy doesn't get seriously mad all that often."
It seemed Sempai received a shock from those words.
Misato: "......it might be perfectly natural."
Taichi: "What?"
Misato: "He's got this, 'Dammit, life is hard!' kind of feeling."
I didn't understand that.
Tomoki: 『......you'll be betrayed.』
Taichi: "Umm, was there some kind of betrayal?"
Misato: "......"
Her eyebrows narrowed.
Misato: "Did Tomoki say that?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "Sempai?"
Misato: "......nooo, nooo."
Sempai looked like she was about to cry, and she was moaning 'nooo, nooo.'
Taichi: "Ummmm?"
Misato: "What did you say!!?"
She jostled the stepladder back and forth.
Taichi: "Wawawa!!?"
Misato: "Nothing will come of that!!!"
Taichi: "I'm going to fall!!!"
It was a harsh club.
Misato: "......Keiii-kuuunnn......"
Sempai came.
An error of about five minutes.
I'd been thinking of checking up on her if she was more than ten minutes late.
Taichi: "Yeees."
Misato: "Good eveniiing."
She stood under the window holding something.
And as predicted, I ate her bentou.
Taichi: "Delicious."
Taichi: "Sempai's good at this."
Misato: "Am I now? I only just started cooking recently......"
A bit of small talk.
And then,
Misato: "Nn......nnnn......n......"
Intercourse.
I faithfully retraced conduct that I'd experienced several times before.
Since I'm used to it more than she is, I should be making it less painful.
Taichi: "Why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?"
An invitation.
Misato: "......you're right."
She was being shy.
A domain existed that I couldn't reach just by combining our bodies.
Taichi: "Friday, huh?"
Three days left until the world swings back.
Today as well, I'll do what I should do.
Taichi: "Sempai, I've been waiting."
Misato: "......Peke-kun."
Taichi: "You haven't forgotten our promise to go to the beach, right?"
Misato: "The beach......but I'm not ready."
Taichi: "I've prepared everything for you. Come on, let's go."
Misato: "But......I have to get the broadcast channel ready for Sunday......"
Taichi: "I've called a helper in for that."
Taichi: "So we'll be going to the beach, and I need you to keep things under control."
Youko: "......I've never gone to the beach with Taichi."
Taichi: "Some other time."
Taichi: "Youko-chan, for now, while it's this hot, keep the broadcast preparations going without me. Ah, and coming to the beach for surveillance is prohibited."
Youko: "......I'm being used at your convenience......"
Taichi: "It suits you."
Sempai shook her head without any force.
Misato: "......I don't think it does......"
Taichi: "If you hide it with a towel you'll just waste the charm."
Misato: "I look like a slut......"
Taichi: "That's not true at all."
Taichi: "I find Sempai's chaste image incredibly stimulating."
Misato: "You are getting stimulated!"
Taichi: "But, if you ask whether it suits you or not, I'd say it's the best possible match."
Taichi: "If I asked a hundred erotic men, they would all say it suits you."
Misato: "Please ask some non-erotic men too!"
Taichi: "There is no such thing as a non-erotic man!"
I swung my arms out to both sides and screamed.
Misato: "Unromantic......"
Misato: "Aaah, I'm a slut......how embarrassing......"
Sempai repeatedly cried 'I'm a slut, I'm a slut.'
Taichi: "Don't be embarrassed. You're nothing like a slut."
Taichi: "I'm just abnormally stimulated since this is the first time Sempai's worn an erotic swimsuit."
Misato: "That's what a slut is, and you're a moron."
Hmph.
Taichi: "Sempai's a slut, and I'm a moron. The two of us fit together nicely."
Misato: "But I don't want to be a slut......"
Taichi: "In memory of last year, let's play some beach volleyball."
This year they'll shake as much as possible.
Breasts = Beach Volleyball.
This theorem has not the slightest hint of being mistaken.
Taichi: "There."
Misato: "Uuuuu......"
Taichi: "Seyaaa."
Misato: "Ah! Uua......"
Taichi: "Sempai, why are you receiving with only one hand?"
Misato: "Because I can feel your eyes."
Taichi: "Even though there's only two of us here?"
Misato: "You're still here!"
Okay, I'll give you a ball you can't receive without using both hands.
Taichi: "Ei! Splitting Magic Ball!"
Misato: "Wh-why!!?"
Misato: "......ah, ah, stop!"
Sempai used both hands.
*boing*
Taichi: "Oooh..."
Supremely balanced beautiful breasts moving vertically and non-simultaneously.
Misato: "I have a feeling I'm being violated by someone's eyes......"
A sharp person.
Taichi: "Magic Ball That Suddenly Feels Like Attacking!"
Misato: "Aaah! Good Ball That Attacks With Moderation!"
Misato: "Enough, eei!!"
*roll!*
Perfect beautiful breasts magical rolling.
That just became a quite highly-ranked memory.
Taichi: "Next is......"
Misato: "Stop it already!! I'd like it to be normal!!"
......I'll leave it at that.
........................
A gentle rally.
Taichi: "It's fun to do something with someone else."
Misato: "Well, that may be fun for you, but......"
Taichi: "I'm talking about the club."
Misato: "......the club?"
Taichi: "People disappeared, it got quiet, and hardly anything was left anymore."
Taichi: "But, it's been fun."
Taichi: "Doing something with someone has been fun."
Taichi: "If I was alone, I wouldn't be able to breathe."
Misato: "......yes."
Taichi: "Sempai, do you think it's boring?"
Misato: "......it's not boring."
Misato: "But......I......"
Taichi: "You?"
Misato: "I don't want to think about anything."
Toss.
The ball rose high, and drew a narrow parabola.
Taichi: "......why not?"
The ball fell back down.
Misato: "It'd be nice if I could become someone that just did something."
Taichi: "Like a robot?"
Misato: "That's right."
Taichi: "That's lonely."
Misato: "......I appreciate the thought, but..."
Taichi: "Humans can't become robots, right?"
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "We have to enjoy the fun times."
I launched it particularly high.
Misato: "I'm not...able to do that......"
My shoulders fell.
The ball fell, and bounced.
Taichi: "Sempai?"
She made a face as if she'd just aged ten years.
Misato: "This might be retribution."
Misato: "For...what I've done."
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "I really...have no right...to be young and playful."
Taichi: "......Sempai, you have a sin that heavy?"
Misato: "That's right......"
Taichi: "I can't imagine that."
Misato: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "I said I can't imagine that a person like Mimi-sempai would be able to commit a sin."
Misato: "Peke-kun......you don't know what you're talking about......you shouldn't be saying that. Just because I let you have my body once......"
Taichi: "But, Sempai, haven't you wanted to flee?"
I walked over and picked up the ball.
Misato: "What are you-......!!?"
Taichi: "That club is for you to flee to, right?"
Taichi: "But isn't that strange? The world has already become such a diluted place."
Taichi: "The sins you committed, your regret, your agony......all of them disappeared along with all the people."
Taichi: "The formations and arrangements of sins no longer exist."
Taichi: "That which we call 'morals' has become infinitely close to zero."
Taichi: "Sempai is clinging obstinately to that."
Though I am too.
Misato: "......that way of thinking......I'm not sure how I feel about it."
Misato: "Mental wounds remain, don't they?"
Misato: "......because, I did something horrible......"
Taichi: "And you regret it?"
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "If, you could return to that time......Sempai, would you make a better choice?"
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "That's why I'm saying that there's no meaning in reflection."
Taichi: "That's just repeating the same thing over and over."
Taichi: "And Sempai's doing exactly that."
Taichi: "......I can tell."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "I don't know what happened, but..."
Taichi: "......to me, it just looks like Sempai is fleeing."
Taichi: "I'm sure you don't have to do club activities."
Taichi: "But will you stagnate there forever?"
Taichi: "I'm sure you feel some resistance to how I'm saying this, but in order for you to accept your sinful self, don't you have to take some kind of action?"
Misato: "That's......impossible."
Misato: "Now...it's absolutely impossible."
Taichi: "Why?"
Misato: "Because......there are no people."
Taichi: "Then what will you do?"
Misato: "......I don't......know that."
Misato: "I'd like to ask that myself......"
Her expression sank deeply, then disappeared.
As if to allow the clear salt water to remain expressionless.
At the bottom there's anguish.
Taichi: "Sempai wants to be hurt."
Misato: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "Don't you want your sinful self to receive some sort of punishment?"
Misato: "That......I......"
I took one step toward her.
I was right next to her.
Taichi: "Why don't I do that for you?"
I switched to autopilot.
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "That might make things a little easier for you."
Misato: "That's......strange......"
Sempai was puzzled.
Taichi: "Please come this way."
I took her hand and brought her along.
Without inserting a process to deal with rejection.
Sempai did scream slightly, but she showed no resistance.
I sat down on the porch of the beach house.
Misato: "......what are you going to do......?"
Taichi: "What else would I do by exposing my true form?"
I took it out.
Taichi: "Please lick it."
Misato: "Hii......"
Taichi: "It looks different in the sunlight, doesn't it?"
Misato: "............lick it......"
Taichi: "It's called fellatio."
Taichi: "Now, hurry up."
Misato: "To lick......a boy's............but...I don't know......how......"
Taichi: "Just do it as if you're licking a popsicle."
Taichi: "Now, put it in your mouth."
I pushed into her.
Misato: "......!"
Her occlusion was weak, and her hold fragile.
I continued invading.
Misato: "Nn......nnmua......nn......"
Only my tip was inside, being licked.
The impulse to chase after that tongue.
But, I held back.
Misato: "Nnu, nnn......nnnnn......it's salty......"
She said as if to push back half of the round tip.
Taichi: "Maybe it has some salt water on it? Or..."
Taichi: "Continue. Lick it well until that flavor is gone."
Misato: "......nn!......Nn......*lick*......nn, nn, nnnnn......"
The word 'popsicle' must have made her do that.
Her movements were still dull, but she was placing her tongue well.
I was being licked roughly.
A huge stimulus ran through me, and I felt my blood vessels dilate.
Misato: "Fua, please don't get that big......"
Taichi: "That's impossible."
Taichi: "Now, continue."
I lightly pushed my hips into her.
With her cheek being pushed from the inside, Sempai was at a loss for what to do.
Misato: "Nn, nnnnn! Nnmu......nn......"
Taichi: "How does it feel?"
Misato: "Aan......ha!......It's big......filling my throat......it...hur-......"
Taichi: "Then please use your tongue more."
I said that in a way that ignored the meaning of her conjunction, and her service became ever stronger.
Misato: "L-like this? ......Nn! *lick!* *lick*......"
Taichi: "You have to do it with more passion."
When I explained it more concretely, Sempai went red to her ears, and obeyed.
Misato: "Nn! Nnmu......nn! *lick*......*kiss*......*lick* ......*kiss* nn! Nnnn!"
I rubbed her head.
And asked something cruel.
Taichi: "How does it feel to lick it?"
Misato: "Nnku!......Nnmu! Nn! Nn! Nn!......Nnfu, i-it's, getting hotter......my mind is going blank."
Her thought process must be streamlining, as there was no hesitation in her statement.
Taichi: "Please be sure to suck it too."
Misato: "Nn, nnnnn! *kiss* *kiss* *kiiiiiiiss*......"
Her cheeks narrowed.
The membranes inside her mouth stuck to my rod.
She's just sucking.
I guided her head until right before it would come out.
And then put it back until she was swallowing it.
Sempai soon understood.
Taichi: "Nn......that's right."
Misato: "Nn! Nnmu! *kiss* *lick!*......"
Her tongue twisted at times.
Taichi: "Yes, mix in a lot of that......you're good."
Misato: "Fua, nn! Nnmu! *lick*......*kisssssss!* Ah, it's getting bigger again......amazing...it's stretching......"
Misato: "My cheeks can't stretch that far......nnmu! ......*kiss* *kiss*......haa, haa."
Taichi: "Then, why not use those boobs?"
Misato: "My breasts?"
She didn't seem to understand.
Taichi: "Stick it between them and lick the tip."
Taichi: "Yours are big enough to do that, aren't they?"
Misato: "That's...embarrassing......"
Taichi: "You're going to do it, Mimi-sempai."
I said strongly.
Taichi: "Whose breasts are those?"
Misato: "Ah, yes......they're Peke-kun's......"
Taichi: "So it's up to me how to use them."
Misato: "But using them to......nn......*lick!* Ahan, nn ......nnnnnnn......nnnn......"
To seal off unnecessary statements, I plugged her mouth.
Taichi: "Come on, stick it in there."
Misato: "Ah, yes......hot!......Like...this?"
Taichi: "Stronger."
Misato: "Okay......nn!......Ah, the tip is......*kiss* *kiss*......"
Taichi: "Make sure to drool heavily on it. Make it slimy, please."
Misato: "O-okay......nn, *lick*......*lick*......*kiss* *kiss*......nnn, nn! Fuan......"
Misato: "*lick!* Nn, nnnnnnn! Nn, *lick*......fua, haa, haa......something bitter......is coming out......"
Taichi: "That means it feels good."
Misato: "......aaa......nnmu......*lick!* *kiss* *kiss* ......*kiss!* *lick* *lick*......*kiiiiiiiiiiss!!*"
Why's she so active?
Is this what it means for a person to want punishment?
Saliva boiled as it was scorched by satisfaction.
Enough dribbled down to wet her breasts.
Misato: "No......my spit is......making my breasts...... sticky......"
Taichi: "Those aren't Sempai's boobs, are they?"
Misato: "They're......yours......"
Taichi: "Please make my boobs stickier."
Misato: "Ah, aaa......nnuuuu, nnfu! Nn......nnnnnn......"
She used all her passion at once.
Between her breasts hid satisfactory heat.
Taichi: "You're starting to sweat. Your cleavage feels good."
Misato: "That's......to say it feels good......that's embarrassing......"
Taichi: "Be sure to rub, slide and squeeze. I like that."
Misato: "Nn, *kiss*......*kiss* Nn! Ah! Haa, haa, nnmumu......"
The moment I said 『I like that.』, she sprung on it.
She's practically chewing on me.
Taichi: "Nn......men feel it most at the tip."
Misato: "......ah, then......*lick!*......nnnnnnnnnnnnn..."
Her tongue pried open her thin mouth.
And poked into the tip.
Misato: "......nn, my spit got in here too......"
Taichi: "I'm going to cum pretty soon......"
Misato: "Nn, *kiss* ......nnn......nnnnnnnnnn, nn! Aan! Fuun......"
Misato: "Haaa......this feels amazing......like I'm going to melt."
Taichi: "You're all sticky with spit and sweat."
Taichi: "Just like genitalia."
The shame Sempai had started to forget was brought back to the surface, and her voice shook.
Misato: "Wh-......that's cruel......nnn, *kiss*......"
Misato: "Nn! Nn! Nn! Nnn, *kiss* Afu!......Nnmu!...... Nnnnn, nnnnnnn."
But she was soon reabsorbed in it.
Taichi: "Sempai's nipples are getting hard."
I pulled her back to that.
Misato: "Y-yes......my nipples are hard......"
Taichi: "Why is that?"
Misato: "......that's......this is......"
Taichi: "It's called a boob job."
Misato: "B-because......this boob job feels good......*kiss* *kiss*......aan......it's jumping inside my mouth......amazing......"
Taichi: "You're feeling it that strongly?"
Misato: "Also......Peke-kun's......di*k...is hard and hot......nn!......"
Taichi: "Then, please make me cum."
Misato: "......ah......in my chest......?"
Taichi: "Suck strongly while rubbing it."
Misato: "......ah......I understand......nn, nnnnn...... *kiss* *kiss* Nn! Nn! Nn!......*kisssss*......"
Honest.
Taichi: "Yes, I'm going to cum soon, so continue sucking."
Misato: "Ah! Nnmu nnmu......aan......nn!......Nn, fuu ......nnmu!"
Misato: "*kiss* *kiss!*......*lick* *lick*......nn! Ah!......Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!"
Misato: "Fua, aan......nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nnn, nnnnnnn! *kiss* *kiss!!*......Nnnn, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!"
I rose up.
I ejaculated.
Misato: "Nnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
On top of the physical pleasure, my muscles shook from the sheer truth that I was cumming into Sempai's mouth.
The semen passing through my urethra gushed out in globs.
Into Sempai's mouth, into Sempai's mouth...
The origin of her sweet voice.
Defiled with my semen.
Misato: "......nn......aafua......aa......nnku ............nn!......Ah!?"
I pulled out in mid-ejaculation.
I want to defile other places.
More semen was pushed out onto her face and breasts like jelly.
Taichi: "Ha......"
A beautiful and appropriately defiled Sempai.
A Sempai that reeks of semen.
......good.
Taichi: "Is there still semen in your mouth?"
Misato: "Nn......nnn......"
She nodded.
Taichi: "Stir it with your tongue to get the flavor."
Misato: "............nn......nn......nnnnn......"
Taichi: "Drink."
Misato: "......nnku......*gulp*......"
She finished drinking, and heaved a big sigh.
Misato: "Ah......there's so much......on my breasts......"
Taichi: "Yes, because a lot came out."
It's even twisting around her nipples.
Taichi: "How did it feel on your face?"
Misato: "............it...smelled...really strong......"
Taichi: "Ah, there's a little left."
Misato: "Eh!?"
I tightened my sphincter and the last drop flew out.
Misato: "Kya!?"
And it stuck to the tip of Sempai's nose.
Misato: "......aan, my face......it's all sticky......"
I wanted to remain that way forever.
I regretted having been too lazy to prepare a camera.
Taichi: "......now, wash your face......and let's continue."
Misato: "You......can keep doing......this?"
Misato: "Back then......you only came once......"
Taichi: "It was your first time, so I was gentle."
Taichi: "But today I'll be a bit more reckless."
Taichi: "......after all, don't you want me to?"
I whispered in her ear.
Misato: "Ah......that's......"
She washed the semen off her with water from a bottle.
Taichi: "Please stand and spread out your legs."
Sempai stood up slowly.
The moment when I started, when I penetrated, we both stopped breathing.
It slid right in.
At the same time we exhaled.
The moment we connected, an indescribable sense of conquest roasted my body.
I'm having sex with a person I know.
With a particularly close friend and comrade.
A sweet, beautiful and intoxicating experience.
By connecting to all of the favorable people around me, I'll gain immense provisions.
Taichi: "I'm in."
While licking her ear, I told her in a low voice.
Misato: "......ah......y-yes......all the way......amazingly......"
Taichi: "Amazingly what?"
Misato: "Ha......I get the feeling, that I can feel......us...deep inside......"
Taichi: "Whoa, you've got excellent sensitivity. That means Sempai has an incredibly perverted body."
Misato: "Wh-......!?"
Taichi: "Since you can feel it so well, you'll climax really well. That's your capacity for sex."
Misato: "......I wouldn't know......"
Taichi: "You'll find out very soon."
Misato: "Eh?......Kyaa!!?"
I thrust upward.
past tense of thrust is also thrust.
Misato: "Nnnnn! Nn! Ah......so...suddeeen......"
I can't move the way I'd thought.
I forcefully shook her with my arms.
Misato: "Ah, ah! Aaun, haa, ah......"
Misato: "Th-this is......deep......too deep......it...hurts......haan, hia!"
Taichi: "Theeen, let's keep doing this all day. "
My tongue entered her ear.
Misato: "Haaa!......Th-that's......ah! Aaah, hia!...... Aaun, aaa......"
Taichi: "Your chest feels great as a cushion."
As I thrust into her, her breasts pushed into my chest.
Misato: "Ah......aau, oh! Nn! Aaaaa, nn! Ah! D-don't shake meee!!"
Taichi: "If I don't shake you, it won't feel good."
Misato: "Haaa......ha......ah......aaah, hi!! Hifun!......Th-at's......if we kept doing this......it'd...hurt......"
Because I was entering all the way inside, Sempai seemed to be in pain.
Taichi: "Let's try changing this a bit."
I tried twisting her butt around so that I'd rub against one side of her.
Misato: "Nnnnnnnnn!!......hi, hya, hyafu!......My insides......it huuuurts......"
Taichi: "Haha......"
This feels good.
There wasn't much of a rubbing sensation, so there was no direct stimulus, but...
The weight of Sempai's body clinging to me.
Her pliant upper body adhering to me. Her breasts.
Making a continuous and harmonious sense of conquest.
Misato: "Nn, nnnnn, ah! Ooun, oaa......hyaa, no!......I can't...hold it in......nn......p-please......a little......"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Misato: "P-please......let me go to the bathroom......"
Taichi: "The bathroom? Do you need to pee?"
Misato: "......y-yes......when you stirred me around......I suddenly..."
Did I overstimulate her bladder?
Taichi: "I understand."
Misato: "I-I'm sorry......"
Sempai put her hands on my shoulders, and tried to lift up her body.
Tried to pull out.
Tried to flee.
I suddenly changed my mind.
Taichi: "Actually, no."
Misato: "Eh?......Kyaa!!"
I pushed away Sempai's hands, and she fell.
A loud watery sound.
Misato: "Higi, giii......!......Ah!......Angu......"
She lost her support, and skewered herself.
She looked at me with a face asking why.
With that single attack, her eyes had turned to water.
Taichi: "I really don't want to stop now......"
Taichi: "Please leak right here."
For a moment, Sempai didn't understand.
She froze in place.
Misato: "Ah, aaaaa......no, you can't......that's...... please, don't......let me go......"
She struggled in vain.
Taichi: "We're at the beach after all, why not?"
I held her, and enjoyed the sensation of her going berserk in my arms.
Misato: "To do it here......impossible, I can't!"
Taichi: "Then, if you can shake me off you can go."
I squeezed her.
Misato: "That's......harassment......I can't do that......"
Taichi: "Then, will you leak here?"
Misato: "......ah, aaa......"
Hesitation.
Misato: "Nn!......Nnn......ha, haa......get out......let me go......"
She started flailing again. But she was weak.
She didn't really want to throw me off, but it looked like she was trying to persuade me with her attitude.
Of course I didn't change my mind.
Taichi: "......five seconds then."
I loosened my arms.
Sempai moved timidly.
I grabbed her butt and pulled her closer to my hips.
Our union deepened.
Misato: "Nnnnnnnnnnn!!"
Taichi: "Okay, go ahead."
I loosed my hold again.
Misato: "......"
When she started moving, I pinched and twisted her nipples.
I repeated that several times.
Pinching her clitoris, poking her anus, tickling her stomach.
I got in her way.
Misato: "......han! Ah, aaa......aan......a-again!? Nngi!"
When she tried to bring out the last of her strength to stand up, I brought her down with a W-twist to the nipples, and Sempai collapsed, exhausted and immobile.
I twisted her hips and granted her pleasure.
Misato: "Ah......aaa......nooo, don't twist me around ......you're going to make me pee!!"
I won't stop.
I chased her into a corner.
Taichi: "There's no way a person with such a perverted body would leak."
Sempai sobbed when I said that.
While crying, she held up her head and moaned.
Misato: "Fuaaaann! Aan! Ah! Nn......no! N-......nnn......nn."
She twisted her body and tried to pull away.
I grabbed her hips and pulled her back. Adherence.
Misato: "Ha, haaaaaaa!!! Nn......nnn......stop...... really......I......"
Her body was shaking.
Misato: "......s-save me......let me go......I don't wanna leak......"
Taichi: "I'm telling you it's fine."
I don't know what's fine about it.
I just became lost in twisting her body.
I played around with Sempai like a tree leaf. 
Misato: "That......I can't......I...mustn't, nn!......Nnnnn! Aaun!......"
Misato: "Uuu! Uua! Nnku!......Nn! No! Nooo......hot......I'm loosening......if you keep this up......I won't be able to hold it in!!"
Taichi: "♪♪"
Misato: "Nnnnn......nnah! I'm sorry, forgive me, I really can't do it......no! Aaaah!!"
Her reaction changed.
Her limbs tightened with abnormal convulsions.
Misato: "Ah, aan, aan, aan! Nna, kuu......noo, don't move so delicately......I'll go numb......oh! Oh!......Ooah! Aaa......aaaaaa!......"
It could be a scream or a cry for help.
guessing...
She incessantly formed more words with that lovely voice.
Misato: "Th-is......is...it! Ah......aaa!......Ga!......Hifu!!"
Taichi: "Sempai."
Miyasumi Misato loosened.
Her breakdown rushed me onward.
Misato: "Higi! Aau......ahi, hya......fua, hi! Ah! Hia! Ah! Aau!!"
Small motions.
And then a deep jab.
Misato: "Ku!......"
In an emergency, she can let out her voice unrestrained.
I stuck my fingers into her butthole.
Misato: "Nngi! Ah......aaa......nnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!?"
Her vagina twisted, giving the sensation that I was being squeezed upward at an angle.
She contracted.
At the same time,
Misato: "Ha, aaaaaaaaaa......aaaaa......aaaaaa......noooooooooo......"
Sempai's bladder loosened.
While making that blunder, she developed slightly.
Taichi: "Haha, your lower body is hot. And sticky."
Misato: "Nooo......nooo......"
Taichi: "Don't cry, Sempai."
I licked her tears.
Salty.
Taichi: "I'm going to keep doing this."
Misato: "......fua......eah?"
I loved her absent-minded face.
I slowly restarted the rhythm of my hips.
Misato: "AH!......Nngu!......No, don't!......"
Misato: "Uaa! Ha! Han!......Don't, don't don't......you can't do that!!"
Taichi: "Then I'll move slowly."
Taichi: "Here we go, slowly, slowly..."
Misato: "Uuuu......ooo!......"
My back pulled.
I didn't worry about it.
Misato: "Ha! Ha! Ha!......Nn!......Aaa......aan! Nn......aaaa......"
As I continued moving slowly, her faced looked like it was about to melt.
Misato: "Uuu, nn! An, aaan......stooop......hiuu......this! This is......"
Taichi: "Do you know what's being done to you?"
Misato: "Yes, ha!......My insides are...being thoroughly!...Rubbed."
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Taichi: "And, I found Sempai's weak point."
With my tip, I scraped where she'd developed.
Misato: "......hya!!!!!"
Her cries stopped.
I continued scraping the same place.
Misato: "Oooh!......Ofu!......Kya, nn! --------!!!"
Sempai climaxed plainly.
Taichi: "Ahaha, cute."
Taichi: "I'll keep going."
Misato: "Nngi!...Oou!......Oh!......Nnnnn......nnn......I-I'm sorry!"
She apologized.
For what, was a mystery.
Taichi: "I won't forgive you."
I continued reproaching the same place.
Misato: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm sorry I'm sorry!......Agu!......I'm sor-!......NN!!!"
The legs twisted around my hips began flapping wildly.
Taichi: "That's no good. Come on, I'm going to scrape you even more. One, two, one, two."
Misato: "......nnnnnnnnnnnnn!!! Stooop!! For, give, meeee!......"
A successive climax.
......the moment before she reached it, I stopped reproaching.
Love needs teasing.
Misato: "Ah?......Haa......ha!......Nnku!......"
She still clung to me, and her breathing was rough.
Even if I kissed her face or neck, there was no reaction.
Taichi: "How was it?"
Misato: "Aan, nn, nn, nn!......Aaaa......I don't know anything anymore......"
Taichi: "Sempai......"
Taichi: "It's okay to feel even more of this."
I rubbed her weak point again.
Misato: "Uaaaa! That's!......My!......I'm...being...!......Nnnnn!!?"
I was also getting near the end.
Gradually building heat was lurking in my hips.
Misato: "Nngi! Ah! Hi, hyaa!!......Fuaaa, ah! Aauu, aan, aan, aan!......Haaan!!!"
Misato: "Noo, this is amazing, amazing! Hya, ah! Amazing......it, oooooooooh!!!"
Misato: "Nnn! Aan! No, no, no stop! No............"
Irregular breathing.
Her bodily reactions, namely her limb movements, were also becoming inconsistent.
Misato: "......ah............no......"
Misato: "Nn......ah......no, don't...something's coming..."
Taichi: "That's called 'cumming.'"
I brought my lips to her ear, and gave her that order.
Misato: "I-I'm! Cumming! I......m......cu......kya ......kyaa!"
I ground up her insides to my heart's content.
Only that weak part.
Misato: "Nooo, stoooop!! Ah! I'm cummiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!!"
Fleshy sensations leaped in my arms.
I held her, and tasted her skin.
A little later, I also climaxed.
Even as Sempai's hoarse voice disappeared, I continued gushing semen.
......
............
........................
........................
Misato: "......with that......will I be forgiven?"
Sempai asked while buttoning her blouse.
She was horribly sunken.
The cause......probably isn't that I've harassed her.
Something only she knows.
A sin won't be resolved by receiving unsuitable punishment.
Wait, in the first place---
Misato: "With this......will I......be forgiven......?"
Taichi: "No sins are ever forgiven."
While gazing at the sea, I kicked the sand.
The clear grains flew in a fan shape.
Misato: "Then......there's nothing I can do......"
After a long silence, a gloomy voice.
Taichi: "......"
If I was a slightly better person, I would've been able to comfort her.
To go against my own thinking by throwing out an argument with no honesty.
But I can't do that.
I can't do anything about it.
Because I'd confirmed that this was indeed the truth.
Silence conveyed her intent.
Misato: "......uuu......uuuuuuuuu......"
I had no means of comforting her.
I'd gone a little overboard.
I had harassed Sempai.
In my happy end.
Even though this should have been a beautiful trauma counseling.
Taichi: "......this is hard."
I covered my face.
I comprehended the fact that I'd failed.
Misato: "Close friends should have nicknames for each other."
Taichi: "Haa......"
Misato: "Come on, pick a nickname for me."
I had a feeling that 'pet name' was the correct nuance.
There's no doubt that she likes me as a pet.
But either way,
I don't know whether or not there's affection underneath her smile.
I'm still wary of her.
Taichi: "Then......Sempai."
The idea that resulted from some thought was that honorific.
Misato: "You can't tell it's me just by saying 'Sempai.'"
Taichi: "......isn't it reasonable? Miyasumi-sempai should be just fine."
Misato: "Hmmm, Kurosu Taichi......that would be..."
She wasn't listening to me.
Misato: "Taichi-kun...that's pretty boring."
Taichi: "Boring?......Don't mess around with my name......"
Her words seemed somehow poignant.
Misato: "......Kurosu......cross......a black mark...... I know, demerit!"
Taichi: "......I beg that you please reject that."
I lowered my head.
Misato: "Eeeh!?"
Taichi: "I'd rather not be called something that sounds like it's from another dialect."
Misato: "Then......batsu......peke......"
Misato: "......Peke-kun?"
Taichi: "You've given me another ridiculous sounding name."
Misato: "Ah, but it sounds good. I like it."
You like Peke?
Some basic thought turned up a 『×』.
Taichi: "Now that I think about it......doesn't 'peke' mean 'useless?'"
Misato: "It can also mean 'X'."
Misato: "You can think of 'peke' as two lines 'crossing.'"
Taichi: "......but not supporting each other."
That was a bad joke.
Taichi: "I can't take any meaning from that other than 'passing by'......"
Misato: "It also contains the wish that we, who've been thrown out of society, will someday cross paths with someone else."
Taichi: "......that's hypocritical."
And rather forced.
Misato: "Okay, I've decided. It's your turn now."
She decided on it...
Taichi: "Haa."
In this case, I have no choice but to play along.
I haven't known her that long, but I understood that much.
Taichi: "Then......slavewoman."
Misato: "There's no such thing as a slave in this constitutional state of Japan."
Taichi: "Love slave."
Misato: "How's that different!?"
Taichi: "Sow-sempai?"
Misato: "......are you okay with being a sow's kouhai?"
Taichi: "Boobs-san."
Misato: "D-don't look at my chest that way......"
Taichi: "Milk slave."
Misato: "I don't understand what you mean by that......"
Misato: "Is that related to 'boobs?'"
She's asking a lot.
Taichi: "......ero-glasses-san."
Misato: "Veto."
Taichi: "Aren't you rejecting all of them!?"
I screamed.
I may be cool-headed, but I can't take this.
Misato: "Because all of your ideas are weird!"
Taichi: "Then glasses girl!"
Misato: "That's just what I look like. Are you going to use something that simple?"
For a person who just tried to call me 'black mark,' that line is just too perfect.
Taichi: "......Mimi."
Misato: "What's that?"
Taichi: "Mimi from Miyasumi Misato."
Misato: "Aaah, that sounds good."
She smiled softly.
A loose, stupid-looking smile.
But,
......I was strangely bashful.
Taichi: "There are three 'mi's, aren't there? 'Mimimi'?"
Taichi: "Written with the kanji for 'beautiful' three times?"
Misato: "That sounds like some moronic heroine......"
Someone here was enough of a moron to talk to a dangerous person like myself.
Far too moronic......somehow it made me want to be kind to her.
Taichi: "......Mimi-sempai."
Misato: "Ah, that's it, that's good."
Taichi: "It is?"
Misato: "Now we're a kouhai and sempai."
She held out her pinky finger.
It didn't seem right, but I did the same. A pinky promise.
Taichi: "So we'll be throwing those intimate names around from now on. How's that different from a slave system?"
Misato: "It's a forced labor of love."
Misato: "Ah, I mean the love between friends, of course."
Taichi: "I see..."
I shrugged.
Evening.
There was the Sempai I'd parted from.
Youko-chan wasn't here.
Mimi-sempai returned, and she left as if being replaced.
Taichi: "......"
Misato: "......"
Our lines of sight mingled.
They didn't tie together.
We'd only overlapped paths for a mere hour.
I stood still, and Sempai moved around slowly.
We were both silent.
Again, it doesn't seem like I'll be able to tear her away from the antenna.
Even though I have to step into her heart.
......I'm afraid......to do that myself.
Saturday.
......one day left.
There's one day left.
I arrived quickly.
I looked, and found that the work was mostly finished.
Investing in Youko-chan had made a huge difference.
All that's left is to wait.
Saturday.
She has a high probability of coming.
However,
Taichi: "......where is she?"
However long I waited, the door never seemed to open.
Finally, noon passed, and Sempai came.
Misato: "Ah......Peke...kun......"
Taichi: "Mimi-sempai......"
Misato: "......umm! Actually......"
Taichi: "Wh-what?"
Misato: "Ah......nothing......it's...nothing."
Taichi: "Ah, wait."
I extended a hand. It descended powerlessly.
She'd gone.
Well, the work is nearly complete, so that's fine.
Taichi: "......have I failed?"
Stalemate.
I could bring her to the hokora by force---
Taichi: "No good."
We won't attain anything that way.
Any development in which only I'm satisfied is no good. The same goes for one in which only Sempai is satisfied.
It might just be arrogant of me,
But we have to exchange.
If there's a sensation of our hearts touching each other...
But even so, how could I make this end well?
I don't know.
I was waiting forever.
Neither Sempai nor Tomoki would appear.
Taichi: "......"
Time passed on uselessly.
I thought.
The fact that Tomoki didn't come here means that he didn't feel like helping.
In other words---
I heard a strange sound.
Intermittently.
......an unsettling noise.
The sound of destruction.
Taichi: "!?"
I leaped up.
He came out of the prefab structure.
It was Tomoki.
Tomoki: "......"
He was carrying a pair of huge industrial pliers.
That thing could sever a bicycle chain.
The antenna was being destroyed.
Taichi: "............"
Especially the wiring and machinery.
He was thorough.
He wasn't demolishing out of rage.
He was accurately killing its functionality with rational thought and tools.
Calm destruction.
Taichi: "......"
He hadn't realized my existence.
His model construct of zeal dulled his awareness of his surroundings.
I approached him silently and hit him.
Tomoki: "......!!?"
When his eyes recognized me, his shock disappeared in a moment.
I looked at the unhealthy Tomoki.
Taichi: "............"
We hit each other without words.
A calm fight......more like a grapple.
Five minutes later.
I was the one who won.
With Tomoki's sensitive tendons, he never stood a chance.
Tomoki: "Haa, haa, haa......"
Tomoki appeared to have resigned himself, as he didn't resist when I sat on him and began talking.
Taichi: "Do you remember Yuusa-chan?"
Tomoki: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Yuusa-chan, she lived near us. She grew fond of me. She came with us to the beach."
Tomoki: "Aaah......that girl......"
Taichi: "I always dressed myself up when I contacted that girl."
Tomoki: "?"
Taichi: "I only showed her my good side, I acted, I was sociable."
Taichi: "As a result, Yuusa-chan grew fond of me. I liked her too."
Tomoki: "......what......about that?"
Taichi: "Isn't this a betrayal?"
Tomoki: "......!?"
The act of knowing one's true self and trying to hide it.
The act of trying to deceive.
It conflicts with the generally good deed of showing your honest self.
That's why it mustn't be done.
Taichi: "In the end, I was found out."
Taichi: "That girl started hating me."
Our relationship broke off bitterly and my experiment ended.
Taichi: "It couldn't be helped. I'd been deceiving her."
Taichi: "......are you also someone who despises betrayal?"
Taichi: "Are you the type that can't forgive betrayal?"
Tomoki: "......but, Aneki......"
There's an instance early in CCD1001c where Aneki isn't capitalized. If it's been determined that it should be so, fix it or this.
He said as if gasping.
His words didn't continue.
He seemed unable to calm down as he looked back at me.
Taichi: "I betrayed Yuusa-chan and then we broke off."
Taichi: "But the reason that girl hated me wasn't because I'd been hiding my ugliness."
Taichi: "That ugliness was rejected by her very biology."
Taichi: "Is it really betrayal that you can't forgive?"
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "To me, what you're doing looks just like what she did."
Taichi: "You made a club and devoted yourself to it."
Taichi: "All the people have disappeared, you know?"
Taichi: "The world of hearts has disappeared, you know?"
It'd become sparse.
Taichi: "Tomoki, do you understand......what that means?"
Taichi: "Not everything about humans is correct."
Taichi: "Will you accept them or not? That's all."
Taichi: "If you're going to accept someone, don't tack reasons onto your feelings."
Taichi: "If you do, you won't be able to get away with saying that your love was a lie......"
Tomoki: "......that's what I wanted to say......"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Tomoki: "I wanted to tell Aneki that 'not everything about humans is correct!'"
Taichi: "......I don't know what happened."
Tomoki: "Aneki sold her own family!"
Tomoki: "Her father, to the police!"
Taichi: "......the police?"
Tomoki: "Aneki went with her father after the divorce."
Tomoki: "And I with my mother."
Tomoki: "Dad told us to do that."
Tomoki: "......it was so hard on dad!"
Tomoki: "Child support and school expenses......"
Tomoki: "He didn't have a choice!"
It hit me.
Taichi: "......but to commit crime? To get money?"
Tomoki: "It wasn't about money! He just......in order to live, he needed......"
Tomoki: "But Aneki wouldn't forgive that."
Tomoki: "Aneki reported him!"
Sempai.
Regulations.
Rules.
That people mutually exchanged.
Tomoki: "......Aneki will sell out......her own family......"
Tomoki: "That person......she wants to push her own values onto other people......"
Tomoki: "If you don't accept that, she'll quickly become strange."
Tomoki: "She'll try hurting you......or stalking you......"
Taichi: "What about self-injury?"
Tomoki: "That's Aneki's attack!"
Tomoki: "By attacking herself, she attacks others!"
Tomoki: "This club is the same. She's doing this alone, and becoming devoted......that's an attack against me."
They coincided.
Club = Attack.
Aaah, so that's what it was.
Tomoki: "She'll soon......turn strange......and get hurt."
Tomoki: "Get hurt on purpose."
Dark fire in Tomoki's eyes.
A bonfire of animosity.
Tomoki's laughing.
Despising people is comfortable.
Tomoki: "She pretends to get hurt easily."
Tomoki: "......why do you think I had to quit basketball?"
Taichi: "What...?"
Tomoki: "That was the aftereffect of defending Aneki."
He spat that out hatefully.
Tomoki: "......those values of Aneki's......you know she likes rules, right?"
Tomoki: "That person......she just wants to make people accept her......she just wants to be somewhere where she feels good......"
Taichi: "Do you really hate her?"
Tomoki: "......I do hate her."
Misato: "Tomoki......"
Sempai had been standing behind me.
Tomoki noticed too.
His words didn't stop.
He wanted to throw out everything.
Tomoki: "......it's useless Taichi, no matter how intimate you get with her."
Tomoki: "If you ever stray from Aneki's rules, it's over."
Tomoki: "......Aneki doesn't need bonds."
Misato: "Tomoki......I......"
Tomoki: "Now that all the people have disappeared, the rules she needs to protect no longer exist anywhere."
Tomoki: "That's why......Aneki can no longer do anything but destroy herself."
The world is a patchwork of hearts.
Rules were their wreckage.
Misato: "......hey......Tomoki......you know......"
Her teary voice passed through me, toward Tomoki.
Tomoki: "Shut up!"
Tomoki screamed toward me.
I was a convenient wall.
Tomoki: "Nee-san is a traitor!"
He's talking to Misato directly here. Might be wise to replace Nee-san with You are to indicate subject shift.
Tomoki: "Didn't dad defend you?"
Tomoki: "Didn't he defend you when mom tried to abandon you!?"
Tomoki: "And you betrayed your father......why? I don't get it at all......it doesn't make any sense."
He's crying.
Look.
Don't you love Tomoki from the bottom of your heart?
But Sempai showed no sign of crying.
Tomoki: "Now dad will have to spend so long atoning......"
Tomoki: "If you......value yourself that highly......"
Tomoki: "You should just live by yourself."
Taichi: "......"
Those last words made a deep impression.
That's right.
The heart is ego.
Ego is the power to blot out the heart's boundary lines.
Innumerable hexagons buried into the world. Each and every one of them was a heart.
changed 'hexes' to 'hexagons'
They have to be the same size.
They have to be the same shape.
If they aren't......they'll receive too much pressure.
Most of them can't endure it.
When one can endure it,
It becomes a monster that hurts, destroys and devours everything around it from dawn to dusk.
While crushing the area its neighbors occupy.
Misato: "Ah......Tomoki......that's why......"
She tried to smile mildly. A half-smile.
Misato: "I......"
A half-smile.
Misato: "Ah......!"
She couldn't do it, and her mouth tightened.
The sound of Sempai kicking the ground came at the same time that I pulled back to consciousness.
She fled.
I stood up.
I extended a hand to Tomoki.
Taichi: "So, Sempai gave her father up to the authorities."
Tomoki: "Yes, that's right."
Tomoki: "She broke us down twice."
A flat tone of voice.
A denouncing attitude, meant to appear unconcerned.
Tomoki: "The first time......she hurt me. That......made my mother unpleasant."
Because she's the same gender, maybe she saw her daughter as hers and hers alone?
Tomoki: "Dad defended her to the bitter end."
Tomoki: "Then we split into two pairs."
He left a gap of a few seconds.
Tomoki: "That wasn't so bad. Mom was starting to get neurotic anyway......"
It was better to be apart.
Tomoki: "But......that person...her father too......"
Taichi: "Yeah......that's right."
Tomoki: "Taichi?"
Taichi: "I understand Sempai's feelings."
Tomoki: "......eh?"
Taichi: "You're quite healthy......so I doubt you would."
Taichi: "It's not related to her will."
Taichi: "We behave automatically."
Tomoki: "Automatically......but......what does that......"
Taichi: "When that sort of situation arrives, we can only react in a certain way."
Taichi: "It's preset."
Taichi: "Whatever love might happen, or bonds there might be, it doesn't matter."
Taichi: "Something that's right in the middle of our brains makes us do that."
Taichi: "We can't control it with rationality."
Taichi: "That's why......even though she loves someone......she can destroy them."
If anything, the more she cares, the easier it is.
She'd want to touch them with fingertips turned to blades.
Taichi: "And then we tend to hate her for that."
Tomoki was silent. For just one minute.
Tomoki: "............Taichi......too?"
Taichi: "What did you think I was?"
Taichi: "I'm a guy over the eightieth percentile, you know?"
I smiled slightly.
Tomoki: "But Taichi's fine......aren't you doing well......?"
Taichi: "An act."
Taichi: "That's all an act."
Taichi: "I loved Yuusa-chan."
Taichi: "But......I...that girl...she'd been harassed forever......after I learned that......there was a time I pushed her down."
Tomoki: "!"
Taichi: "I understood rationally that I shouldn't do that. But I couldn't hold back."
Taichi: "I really can't control it."
Taichi: "Don't forget that, Tomoki."
Taichi: "Everyone in Gunjou is like that. They're hurt and hurting someone else."
Tomoki: "........................"
Wind passed between the two of us.
Dry air rushing through the wastelands.
It made my skin feel cold.
The Tomoki I saw appeared to be freezing.
Taichi: "There's nothing to be done if you really do hate Sempai, but..."
Taichi: "That dad of yours would probably forgive Mimi-sempai."
Tomoki: "......!"
Taichi: "Because they respect one another......but if you can't do it, then there's nothing to be done."
Taichi: "Merging human relationships and interests would just become strange."
Taichi: "Just do as you like. Am I wrong?"
Taichi: "......a one-way trip is fine. Just like your dad's."
Tomoki: "I......"
Taichi: "Take your time thinking about it."
Taichi: "You're the only one who can find the answer."
Taichi: "If you find it......tomorrow morning, come to the Shinto shrine in the mountains."
Tomoki: "The shrine......?"
Taichi: "Around midday. Sempai and I will be there then."
Taichi: "By the way, I had sex with Sempai."
Tomoki was amazed.
Taichi: "......"
I waited for a minute, but he didn't come and hit me.
His shaking lips whispered something.
I read them as 『I see.』
I hardly heard anything.
Taichi: "......if there's something you want to say, come to the shrine at midday tomorrow."
No answer.
I left Tomoki there with his complicated face and chased after Sempai.
Where would she go besides the roof?
This pattern hasn't happened before.
......I have to persuade her.
Even if that means showing her my own wound---
Sempai's house was closed.
Taichi: "......helloooo."
The door was locked.
I can unlock it, but...
I sharpened my senses.
Within this shell of a house, I could feel Sempai's faint presence.
I was aware of heat lurking in my lower abdomen.
If it sprung up I'd be unable to control it.
I hesitated.
I thought.
In the end, I returned home.
This was when the night got cold.
Wounded bodies sink and heal in the darkness.
Taichi: "It's quiet......"
Someone called me from outside the window.
If I failed at conquering Sempai,
......I'll do it over.
I'll increase the opportunities for us to touch one another.
I was aware of that weakness.
I slapped my cheeks.
Taichi: "Keep it together."
Swiftly,
Before I end up making memories that would become mortal wounds.
I got into bed and slowly calmed myself down.
In order to quiet my heart that had become arrogant during the fight.
In order to cool down my low-capacity rationality.
Taichi: "Okay."
After one evening, I was calm.
Taichi: "Time to go."
I came here just in case.
......she doesn't seem to be here.
She's still cooped up at home.
In front of Sempai's house.
The garden had run wild with weeds.
This doesn't happen in a week.
After her father became absent, Sempai hadn't taken care of them.
Why not?
Because it was painful.
I went to the back door.
This one was locked too, but it was an old disk cylinder type.
I inserted my tools into the keyhole and moved the tumblers.
Not long after I heard it open:
Taichi: "Here I come."
Since my objective wasn't to scare her, I announced my intrusion in a loud voice.
I took off my shoes and entered.
None of the rooms on the first floor seemed right.
The second floor.
Only two rooms.
One was empty.
Just a bed and empty bookshelves.
Which means...
Taichi: "......I'm here."
I spoke up.
The location has changed, but what I'm doing is the same.
I'm following Sempai around.
That's all I want to do.
Misato: "......what do you want?"
She answered.
Taichi: "I wanted to talk."
Misato: "I want you to leave."
Taichi: "Well now..."
Misato: "......Kurosu-kun."
My surname.
Taichi: "Yes?"
Misato: "The club is over."
Misato: "Please live in whatever way you want."
She said faintly.
Taichi: "......I am living how I want."
Taichi: "To a certain degree."
Taichi: "I like talking to Sempai."
Taichi: "So may I talk for a while?"
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "I heard about your dad, Sempai."
Taichi: "How to put it......well, I'd generally think of that as rather lurid."
Taichi: "It seems Tomoki was thinking that too."
Taichi: "I'm sorry for making that mistake."
Taichi: "......But Sempai, don't you love your dad to pieces?"
I sensed her breath stopping.
Misato: "......why......do you think that?"
And then a response.
A dialogue was beginning to form.
Taichi: "Because Sempai is a person of regulations."
Taichi: "Especially with people close to you, that you care about, you desire them to be within certain standards."
Taichi: "Wasn't that why you spoke to me?"
Misato: "......"
Taichi: "If that person deviates from the rules......"
Taichi: "Then you expose them. We would do that."
Misato: "............"
Taichi: "I guess it's like the psychology of harassing someone because you like them."
Taichi: "I think that humans either do or don't care about the essence of other humans, and that's it."
Taichi: "Everything else is just reasons tacked on afterward."
Misato: "......I don't understand."
Taichi: "It's the distinction between liking and wanting to take part in."
Taichi: "If you have no interest in someone, you won't contact them."
Taichi: "Normally, if you like someone you'll interact with them from an appropriate distance."
Taichi: "But, we're just a little bit broken."
Taichi: "......so even though we don't want to, we break and hurt them."
Taichi: "That isn't a denial of that feeling of love."
Taichi: "In fact, it's because you love them......because you want them to look at you."
Taichi: "Sempai wants to be hurt, by her dad."
Taichi: "That's why you do things to hurt yourself."
Taichi: "And that was how Sempai contacted her dad."
Taichi: "How was that reasoning?"
Misato: "......it's completely off."
Misato: "You should give up on being a detective."
Taichi: "All lies."
Taichi: "Why are you carrying that cell phone?"
Misato: "......it's a habit."
Taichi: "Aren't you waiting for a call?"
Taichi: "From your father?"
Misato: "......yeah."
Taichi: "If that actually happened, what would you talk about?"
Taichi: "......would you say embezzlement is bad?"
Misato: "That's wrong!"
I know.
Misato: "I......I just......!"
Taichi: "Just?"
Misato: "Want to apologize......I just want to apologize......"
Taichi: "To say you're sorry?"
Misato: "To say I'm sorry......"
Taichi: "Crimes mustn't be committed. What Sempai did was right. So why do you want to apologize?"
Misato: "......but......but, but......!!"
Misato: "If only I didn't know......if I just didn't notice......then, we could have been happy forever......!!"
Misato: "Yes, I loved him! Dad, who defended me, and mom, and Tomoki......everyone......!!"
Misato: "......but, I can't apologize anymore......"
Misato: "They disappeared......still broken apart......!"
Misato: "I didn't want to do anything. Or think anything. Because I can't do anything about it."
Misato: "But......I'm at my limit."
Misato: "I want to die......right now......I want to break myself so badly......but..."
Misato: "I'm scared...of death......"
Misato: "I don't want to die alone......"
Misato: "That's why......somehow......"
Misato: "Living on......is disgusting......and driving me insane."
Taichi: "......why don't I make it all better?"
Misato: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "I can make it better for Sempai."
Misato: "......what are you saying......?"
Taichi: "I have things which Sempai would call rules."
Taichi: "I've been wondering whether you realized that."
Misato: "......Peke-kun......you......"
Taichi: "Yes."
With an innocent urge, like playing with a cat.
Misato: "......you would...for me......?"
Taichi: "Gently."
Hesitation behind the door.
That door didn't even convey body heat, but I felt it anyway.
Misato: "......really?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Misato: "......if you really mean that......"
Misato: "Then......I......"
Misato: "I'll......"
The door opened quietly.
We were silent on the path.
There was no need to converse.
Taichi: "It's this way."
Misato: "Okay......"
Once in a while I'd confirm she was there by speaking up.
Sempai followed me without a word.
I looked at my watch.
Just about the right time.
Arrival.
The crossing point continued to exist there unchanged.
It resembled veiled mist.
Taichi: "Come to think of it---"
I spoke of unrelated things.
Small talk began suddenly.
Sempai's eyes widened a little, and she chimed in vaguely.
We're just waiting for the arrival of scarlet.
We wasted about another few minutes with such unsubstantial dialogue.
Taichi: "Oh......I think it's about to start."
Taichi: "Come this way."
I took her soft hand and led her.
Her fingertips were cold.
Is she afraid?
I stood her in an appropriate place.
Taichi: "Please stand here."
Misato: "Umm......"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Misato: "This might be something......I shouldn't say, but..."
Misato: "I'm afraid......"
Taichi: "I guess you would be."
After that, Sempai couldn't produce words.
She was confused by the abnormal situation.
Taichi: "Because you have to hold your heart and live in a world with people."
Misato: "......with people?"
Misato: "But people......are......"
Taichi: "Shh!"
I held a finger to her mouth.
Someone was coming this way.
Parting the grass, and slamming feet into the ground.
......running.
That guy shouldn't be running, but he is.
So there's no time to talk slowly.
In the end, I gazed long and hard at Sempai.
In order to paint her into my memory.
The world began to disintegrate.
The atmospheric density modified, and the sky darkened.
Misato: "......evening?"
I stepped back.
Taichi: "Thank you for inviting me to your club, Sempai."
Her body suddenly hardened.
Taichi: "Even if that was just you pushing your values onto me......I was happy."
Taichi: "Thank you for showing an interest in me."
Taichi: "I'll never forget. You, your words, or your memory."
Misato: "......please don't make this painful."
Shaking shoulders. A shaking voice.
I wanted to embrace her.
I turned my heels and distanced myself from Sempai.
Misato: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Sorry......when I said I'd make things easier, that was a lie."
Taichi: "Sempai, you're going to live on while suffering."
Taichi: "I won't be there with you, but......"
In front of her shoulders, her small hands shook.
Taichi: "Goodbye Sempai, it's been fun."
The moment Sempai tried to say something, I closed my eyes.
And when I opened them, she was no longer there.
I felt total fatigue.
As if my chest had been gouged out.
Taichi: "That hurt......"
However, tears wouldn't come out.
This was an unfinished feeling.
Even I disliked it.
Tomoki came.
Tomoki: "Aneki......where is she?"
It was sudden.
He was rushing.
He'd come running, and was sweating.
Taichi: "That way, over there."
Tomoki: "......what were you two doing here?"
Taichi: "We were gathering edible plants."
Tomoki: "......Taichi brought her out here, right?"
Taichi: "That's right. Hurry."
Taichi: "She's in trouble. Go save her."
He turned pale.
Tomoki: "Which way?"
Taichi: "That way, that way!"
Tomoki: "But I don't see her......?"
The coordinates...overlapped.
Taichi: "Please tell Yuusa-chan I'm sorry."
Tomoki: "Ha......?"
Taichi: "Goodbye, Siscon."
Taichi: "......strive to be Immoral."
Tomoki was sent back.
Misato: "......eh......Peke-kun?"
Misato: "............"
Misato: "Ummm?"
Tomoki: "Nee-san......"
Misato: "Tomoki? Why are you here......?"
Tomoki: "Let's talk."
Tomoki: "There's something I want to talk about......"
Misato: "Tomoki......you..."
Tomoki: "H-huh?"
Tomoki: "The radio......"
Misato: "It's......receiving......EM waves?"
Misato: "Ah......"
Tomoki: "Nee-san's phone?"
Misato: "......it's ringing......someone's calling......"
Tomoki: "Who?"
Misato: "......the number......it's dad's......"
Tomoki: "What does that......?"
Misato: "I don't know, but..."
Misato: "It's almost like......a very long dream---"
Misato: "......hello?"
Taichi: "......hahaha."
I went through with it.
Sempai and Tomoki are no longer here.
I'll never see them again.
That hurts.
I can only remember them.
So fast.
I leaned against the hokora and closed my eyes.
I was enveloped in a strange, indescribable dizziness.
I got a feeling like the world was shaking and my semicircular canals were producing illusions.
I'd been continually thinking only about those two.
My consciousness faded.
My body ceased all major functions.
With only a human's perceptive abilities, I can't observe myself being disintegrated and reconstructed.
The world was easily disintegrated.
I can't know when it will end.
In that place, I'm living.
The battle continues.
Next week---
Taichi: "Wow, you really came."
Touko: "......"
Her line of sight moved back outside the window. 
The first time Touko came to Gunjou,
She was surrounded by high walls.
She obeyed like a subordinate.
Complied seems more accurate. Alt. "She was obedient, like a subordinate".
I liked her the moment I saw her.
Call it my cat-like disposition.
Taichi: "Hey."
Touko: "......what is it?"
Taichi: "Are you rich?"
Touko: "............"
I was ignored.
Taichi: "Hey."
Touko: "......what?"
Taichi: "You're a beauty."
Touko: "........................"
Her cheeks tightened faintly.
From that, I understood her general texture.
And now, Touko was there 『as always.』
It says "as always." in game, this is fine. But the period was inside of the brackets.
Every week, every single week.
I'd contacted an unlimited number of Toukos.
I had only seen conclusions that were far from happiness.
Touko and I were repeating.
Nothing but failures. It makes me laugh.
......words might not be needed.
It may be okay to just look at her.
That might be a bond.
Taichi: "......"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Touko: "............"
Taichi: ".................."
Touko: ".................."
Taichi: "............................................."
Touko: "......what is it with you!!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "You're beautiful."
Touko: "Wh---whwhwhwh-!?"
Taichi: "Hahahaha."
......I was chased out.
Taichi: "Guess that's no good."
This is very hard.
Taichi: "The same ending as always......"
Whatever.
I figured I could take this lightly.
As usual, Touko was absentmindedly sitting in the classroom.
Just simply being there, with no objective.
Because she can't do anything.
A Touko with nothing but inertia.
Taichi: "Touko."
Touko: "......eh......?"
She hesitated because I called her 'Touko.'
Taichi: "Hold out your hands."
Touko: "......no."
Okay, she's taking the bait.
Taichi: "I can imagine what you're being wary of,"
Taichi: "But this time's different."
Touko: "Didn't you say that last time!?"
Touko: "You think I'll be fooled by that!?"
Taichi: "......this is a problem."
Touko: "You obviously want to make me hold your......"
Taichi: "Just a greeting; nothing like what you're thinking."
Touko: "I don't want it."
Muu, she's tough.
I'll forcibly violate her.
Taichi: "Hands."
I took her hands by force.
The impulse to make her grip it boiled up, but I held back.
Touko: "Hey......"
Her face went pale.
She must have thought that her hands would be raped.
I would like to, but I won't do it now.
Taichi: "Eat mother's flavor."
*plop* *plop* *plop*
Three round candies rolled around on the palm of her hand.
Touko: "Ah."
Taichi: "Be at ease. My two hundred million small wonderful lives aren't inside those."
Does he say it the same way he said it to Misato pre-hscene? If so, they should match each other.
Taichi: "They're on vacation (alol)."
Touko: "......of course they are."
*squeeze*
Touko gripped the candies.
Taichi: "You should be able to live for a while with enough sugar intake."
Cheap jokes should also be forgiven if done three at a time.
Taichi: "Even if you don't have an appetite, make sure you practice putting things in your mouth."
Touko glared at her fist.
Touko: "......you're...always like that."
Touko: "Pretending to be kind, being an idiot, being cold and distant, being scary."
Touko: "I don't understand."
She covered her face.
Touko: "......I'm begging you, leave me alone."
Taichi: "Ooohhh."
She's mad at me.
But I achieved my objective, so I won't worry about it.
Taichi: "Pretending to be kind......hmm..."
She hadn't said it with much thought, but it hit the mark.
Touko was like this last year too.
And I am acting the same as always after all---
Kurosu Taichi's harassment of Touko continued.
No one besides me ever tried to talk to her.
That wasn't because of malice.
There were those at Gunjou who could have held a conversation, but Touko herself rejected them.
Because everyone was sensitive to malice---
But I practically feed on it.
Taichi: "Kirihara, where's your lunch?"
Touko: "......I don't need one."
Kuu...
Taichi: "But......your stomach's growling."
Touko: "......shut up!!"
Taichi: "You're cute when you're angry. Kirihara's face looks better when it's full of rage."
I used a variant of the pickup line 『You're cute when you're smiling. Kirihara's face looks better with a smile on it.』
Touko: "Be quiet."
It shouldn't produce any development.
Taichi: "You're rich, why don't you have a bentou at least?"
Touko: "......I said I don't need one."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Right before her eyes, I was greedily devouring my bentou.
Kuu...
Touko: "............"
Her face was already red.
Taichi: "By the way, do you not know how the cafeteria works or something?"
Touko had been looking down the whole time, but she finally nodded slightly.
Touko: "......I've always been in dorms until now."
Taichi: "So you've only used dormitories and butlers."
Touko: "Why do you have to line up to get food......it's meaningless."
Taichi: "It's amazing that you can honestly say that."
She's not ordinary. That's what I thought.
Taichi: "Okay, come with me."
I pulled her hand.
Touko: "Eeeh!? Th-that's okay......"
Taichi: "Don't worry about it. I try to be friendly to beauties."
Touko: "A-again you say things that make me want to grind my teeth......"
Taichi: "If Kirihara opened her heart more, I think she'd be able to have a fun life."
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Now, let's go."
Touko: "I-I said wait!!"
A one-sided relationship like that based on curiosity...
........................
Taichi: "I heard you got in trouble with the teacher again."
Touko: "......that has nothing to do with you."
Taichi: "About you not wearing the uniform."
Touko: "I never accepted becoming a student here."
Decided may be better here. It's stronger, stating 'she never really had a choice.'
Taichi: "But, wasn't that decision made by the exam?"
Touko: "That thing......"
Taichi: "Which means there's a possibility that Kirihara will hurt people."
Touko: "I've never done such a thing!"
Taichi: "I think so too."
I believe you may be better. But then again, there is nothing wrong with this, it just takes away power from Touko's conviction, implying Taichi is the judge.
Touko: "......haa?"
Taichi: "I think so too."
If she had,
Touko would probably just destroy herself.
........................
Taichi: "......Kirihara, do you hate Gunjou?"
Touko: "Of course I hate it. After all, I'm perfectly fine."
Touko: "This is all a bad joke."
Taichi: "......really? I find it fun."
Taichi: "It's easy."
Touko: "How?......We're being watched every day......and treated as abnormals..."
Taichi: "But it's nothing to be afraid of."
Touko: "......that has nothing to do with me."
Taichi: "Then, do you hate me?"
Touko: "I hate you."
Taichi: "Ahahahahaha."
........................
Taichi: "You really are......alone all the time."
Taichi: "You can't make friends like that."
Touko: "Don't need 'em."
Taichi: "Why not join a club?"
Touko: "......I won't."
Taichi: "Nnn...but they're fun..."
Touko: "Why are you inviting me? Aren't there plenty of others?"
Taichi: "Kirihara's fine."
Touko: "......wh-why......?"
Taichi: "Because I like Kirihara."
Touko: "......that's bothersome."
'I warm up to people because I like them, I'm harmless, and I want to be their friend.'
I continued putting out such an aura.
It fits better with previous and following line if Taichi is the one putting out the aura.
It was nearly brainwashing.
........................
At some point, Touko asked me,
Touko: "Kurosu, why are you here?"
Taichi: "......because my heart is sick."
Touko: "I don't think that's it."
Taichi: "In a part you can't see."
In a part I can't show.
Touko held her head.
Touko: "......I...can't take this place...anymore......"
Touko: "I'm scared......of this Institute......I want to return to......"
Where do you want to return to?
I'm sure she doesn't mean her old school.
Back to days that have long since passed.
Taichi: "I said it's fine. It's fun once you get used to it."
Touko: "I can't get used to it."
Taichi: "Aren't you just deciding that you can't?"
Taichi: "Kirihara's cute, so if she wanted to she could have as fun a life as she wanted."
Touko: "Th-that's not what we're talking about."
Taichi: "Cute, cute."
I rubbed her head.
Touko: "......stop that! You idiot!"
She threw me off.
But if she really didn't like it, would she be red all the way up to her ears?
Taichi: "......nn......"
And then, I had a dream about Touko---
Taichi: "......"
I woke up.
Sunlight was penetrating through the window.
I must have been sleeping soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time......7 A.M.
I have to go to school.
I looked inside the classroom.
Touko was there.
Taichi: "Morning."
Touko: "......(hmph)"
Taichi: "You don't look well."
Touko: "......that has nothing to do with you, Kurosu."
That's curt.
Taichi: "Why are you coming to school?"
Touko: "That also has nothing to do with you."
Taichi: "I know."
Taichi: "It's because you want someone to talk to you."
Touko: "......that's not it!"
Her voice became rough.
Taichi: "That's why I spoke to you."
Touko: "What are you......isn't that just something Kurosu thought up on his own!?"
Taichi: "This makes it two days in a row. If you just drink water, you'll die."
Taichi: "I'll give you this."
I held out Youko's bentou.
Touko: "What, is this?"
Taichi: "It's definitely not underwear or a bottle of wonderful lives."
Touko: "......I can't trust that at all."
Touko: "You never think about anything but semen."
Taichi: "That's a ridiculous overstatement."
I was shocked.
Taichi: "It's food!"
Taichi: "There's sandwiches and sweet bean bread in it."
Taichi: "......the sweet bean bread was even steamed in a basket."
Touko: "I don't need this......I don't."
Taichi: "No, you need it. Eat."
*nudge*
I poked her with the bread.
Touko: "......stop that."
She threw me off her violently.
The bread fell.
I picked it up.
I ignored the parts that had picked up dirt and ate it myself.
Then I held out another one.
Touko: "You......"
The secret technique of becoming the pupil of your parents' murderer.
Touko should fall for it easily.
Taichi: "Take it."
Touko: "......a......"
She accepted it.
With the bread in her hands, she gazed at me agape.
Taichi: "Isn't it painful to have no one besides yourself to worry about you?"
Touko: "I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "You want people to worry about you."
Taichi: "You want them to complete you."
Touko: "......"
She became quiet.
Taichi: "And I, for one, do worry a little."
She surely despises me.
Touko: "You sure can talk."
Touko: "If you're really worried about me, then why, why!?"
She suddenly stood up.
Taichi: "Ah, I wasn't trying to make you mad or anything."
*smack*
I toppled.
It didn't hurt at all.
Touko: "......uuuu......"
After attacking me, Touko collapsed.
Taichi: "Hello?"
Touko: "......nn............"
She was rubbing her eyes. Her face looked pale.
Taichi: "......Touko."
I stooped down beside her.
Touko: "Don't say my name without an honorific......"
She seemed to be straining her voice.
Taichi: "This is an emergency. Let's call a truce."
Touko: "I can't see......"
Taichi: "You're fine. Your blood flow is just bad right now."
Touko: "I feel drained......like I'm gonna hurl."
Taichi: "You need to puke?"
Touko: "......yeah."
Taichi: "Then lie on your side."
I rested her head in my lap.
Touko: "Nn......my head...is spinning......like I stood up too fast......"
Taichi: "You'll be able to see again soon."
Touko: "How do you know that? You don't know any doctors."
Taichi: "I know all about Touko."
Touko: "Ah......"
Taichi: "Can you see now?"
Touko: "......yeah."
Taichi: "Anemia. That sort of thing can happen sometimes."
Touko: "It's gotten......a bit better......"
Taichi: "Open your mouth."
Touko: "You'll put something weird in it, so no."
Taichi: "Just water. Pure water."
Taichi: "I'm just going to make you drink it."
Touko: "......"
She opened her mouth.
I poured it in.
Touko: "Wapu!!?"
Taichi: "Ah, sorry."
Touko: "Forget it, I'll drink on my own! Give me that!"
Touko: "Nn! Nn! Nn!......"
Touko drained it with the manners of a sports club's vice president who never stops worrying about her teammates.
Was her stomach being stimulated?
Kuu...
Touko: "......that was......a mistake."
Taichi: "I know."
Taichi: "And that's why you should eat."
Touko: "............"
She blushed easily.
A while after Touko finished eating lunch,
Touko: "......I'll line up today."
She said that.
She'd gotten used to the cafeteria.
But Touko always hid behind my back.
youko?
Because there were many strange people.
I even escorted her to the bathroom.
Touko's job was taking attendance.
But even that she did half scared.
Taichi: "By 'line up' you mean......on your own?"
Touko: "......I'm always making you line up for me...... so today I'll do it."
She headed to the counter, meal ticket in hand.
Taichi: "My, my......"
Touko: "......it's too fluffy."
Taichi: "They were made this morning."
Touko: "It's too big to eat easily."
Taichi: "They were made for me."
Touko: "There's too much mustard."
Taichi: "I like them bitter."
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "So, is it bad?"
Touko: "............it's good."
Taichi: "Then take your time eating it."
Touko: *sniff*
She was sniffling.
Taichi: "Take your time, so your stomach won't reject it."
Taichi: "I have another piece of bread, do you need it?"
Touko: "......I do."
Taichi: "The servants in your house prepared all your meals, right?"
Touko: "......yes."
Taichi: "What happens when they're gone?"
Touko: "Nothing happens. There's just no food."
Taichi: "Since Touko can't cook, I guess that would equal death."
Touko: "......why......do you know...I can't cook......?"
Taichi: "Don't worry about that."
Touko: "That bothers me......"
Taichi: "How do you feel?"
Touko: "It's gotten better......a little."
Taichi: "If you get hungry, come to my place."
Taichi: "I don't have any caviar, but there are plenty of potatoes."
Touko: "............but..."
I know what she wants to say.
She fears betrayal.
Taichi: "......more importantly,"
Taichi: "How do you think humanity was destroyed?"
She looked out the window.
I didn't expect to get anything out of asking her.
Touko: "They weren't destroyed."
Touko: "......no one was ever here."
Touko: "Thinking that doesn't irritate me."
Touko: "Nor does it discourage me."
Taichi: "For the same reason you ignored me?"
I turned to face her.
Touko averted her line of sight.
Touko: "......that's right."
Touko: "And yet, you came and talked to me......that's not right...and you knew it all along!"
Taichi: "Sorry."
Touko: "Why are you apologizing!?"
Touko: "I can't understand you at all......Taichi......"
Silent weeping.
Time passed.
I brought potatoes to the garden.
With survival manga as my guide, I prepared the rice cooker.
Taichi: "Finished......"
Steaming them is a pain, so I just cooked them.
A double serving of potatoes.
I waited.
A person collapsed at my front door.
It was Kirihara Touko.
Touko: "Uuuuuu."
Taichi: "......"
I carried Touko on my shoulders.
Touko: "......Ta-Taichi......?"
I brought her with me.
Touko: "Ah, aau......"
I sat her down.
I put a potato in her mouth.
Touko: "Uuuuu! Umumumumumumu!!?"
Touko: "I can eat it myself!!!"
She screamed while spitting out potato scraps.
*gobble* *gobble* *gobble*
Taichi: "Here's the salt."
Touko: "Put it on."
Taichi: "......very well."
Touko ate with all her strength.
Touko: "......nku!"
Her limbs tightened.
Just as planned (not that I planned it).
Taichi: "Here, water."
I passed her a PET bottle.
Touko: "Nn! Nn! Nn!......"
She gulped it down.
Touko: "Hafu, hafu."
She devoured again.
After flattening seven or eight of them, Touko finally took a breath.
Touko: "......I've calmed down."
Taichi: "That's good to hear."
Touko corrected her sitting posture.
Touko: "......and eaten enough."
Taichi: "Okay."
Touko: "Also......th-thank you."
It was awkward.
Taichi: "That aside, please look at this."
Touko: "What is this?"
Taichi: "It's called canned food."
Touko: "Hmmm."
Taichi: "You open it, and there's food inside. Moist preservatives, to be precise."
Touko: "......aaah, I get it."
Touko: "Where is it sold?"
Taichi: "Convenience stores and the like."
Touko: "Conveni......?"
Taichi: "You don't even know about convenience stores!?"
Touko: "I-I know about them......it's just that I've never done anything more than look at them."
Taichi: "I'm cumming!!"
I climaxed.
And fell over.
Touko: "Kyaa!!? Wh-what happened?"
Taichi: "Your richness is over ninety-eight percent."
Touko: "Eh?......Am I?......I don't know......?"
Touko: "Besides, even if you bring up money now......"
Taichi: "Well, that's true."
Taichi: "Aaah, I should've become a son-in-law in that household when I had the chance."
I was angry.
Touko: "......with such an impure motive......"
Taichi: "Not just me. You were trying to stealthily introduce me to your parents."
Touko: "......I did do that......but Taichi ran away."
Taichi: "You know, Touko..."
Taichi: "I'm Gunjou Institute's Most Wanted."
Taichi: "If you introduced such a person to them......there's no way your godfather would accept that, right?"
Touko: "......Taichi's not strange."
Taichi: "If you can say that, there's still a long way to go."
Taichi: "Before you lose your Mongolian spot."
Touko: "You said that once before."
Touko: "But you don't make any sense to me......since I'm an idiot......"
Touko: "If you'd just be kind, that's all I need......"
Taichi: "Hmm."
Touko: "......this is a pain. To think that you have to work just to stay alive."
Taichi: "Kirihara can't live on her own."
Touko: "......-hut up."
Taichi: "You automatic girl......"
Touko: "Hey."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Touko: "......can I live here?"
Taichi: "Sure."
Touko: "......okay......eh, eh? It's...okay?"
Taichi: "Sure."
Touko: "Ah, umm, I'll bring a change of clothes right away!"
Taichi: "I've got fabric scissors, so you don't have to bring those."
Touko: "......nngaguku!!?"
She came right back.
Her bag was bulging with belongings.
Her knees were bent, and she was sweating.
I remembered a time when I mocked her by saying she'd never carried anything heavier than chopsticks.
Then, with a serious face, she retorted that she used a knife and fork.
Taichi: "You overdid it."
Touko: "Th-there's too much to carry by myself---"
She opened her eyes wide and made vigorous gestures as she explained.
This side of her was really cute.
Taichi: "Let's use a car tomorrow."
Touko: "You have a license?"
Taichi: "Do I need one?"
Touko: "Ah, that's right......"
Touko: "For now, I brought a minimal change of clothes, so I'll be staying here starting tonight."
Taichi: "Would you mind sharing my room?"
Touko: "I'd prefer it that way......"
Taichi: "It's small, so don't complain."
Touko: "......I prefer small......because I can stay near you......"
Taichi: "Eh......?"
Touko: "N-nothing......"
Touko looked the other way as her nose turned red (I can't tell in this darkness, but it probably did).
Damn coquetting.
I'll deal with this calmly using adult charms.
Taichi: "N-n-n-n-now, s-s-s-s-since we have nothing to do, let's s-s-s-s-s-s-s-sleep."
Uwaaan!
No good, calm down, me.
Touko: "Uh, umm......"
Taichi: "Nn? Yes? What?"
Touko: "I want to take a bath."
Taichi: "Nnn, there is overnight water left in there......if you don't mind pouring it over yourself."
There wasn't much of it, but with only one week, it's just fine for the pace we'll be living at.
Touko: "That's fine, I'll use that."
Taichi: "......okay."
I sat in a seiza position on top of my bed and thought.
Not good.
She's really into it.
Easy to understand.
So simple it's just too cute.
A flat, ungarnished heart.
She can do such things......because she's so pure.
This is hard.
What should I do?
......that's the only answer, isn't it?
Yes.
For Touko to remain Touko,
Shouldn't I live with her for that reason?
But......I do want......at least a little.
Could I attain something healthy?
That's what these days are: a holy battle.
Touko: "Taichi......"
She returned.
Taichi: "Touko......"
Touko: "......I'm all clean now......"
I felt like I'd embrace her the moment I stood up.
Fast. And fragile.
A long time ago, there was a famously stupid couple living near us that broke up and clung to each other all the time.
Even though they argued enough for their angry voices to reach the neighbors, they'd untangle everything in no time.
......I never imagined I might become like that.
And now Touko is saying something as embarrassing as 『I'm all clean now』 right in front of me.
Taichi: "Yeah, that's right."
I showed her the best smile.
Taichi: "Then...here."
I handed her a sleeping bag.
Touko: "........................what's this cylinder?"
As a bag for sleeping purposes that had been rolled up, it was indeed cylindrical.
Taichi: "You probably don't know, but this is called a sleeping bag. It's a bag for sleeping in."
Question marks danced above Touko's head.
Touko: "How do I get in the bag to sleep?"
Taichi: "Because women aren't just bags for men."
Touko: "......this is hard...I don't quite get it."
How could you?
Taichi: "If you use this then the floor won't hurt as much. There you go, Touko!"
Touko: "Isn't there a bed right there......?"
Taichi: "This is mine."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "......"
We cut into each others' faces with our glares.
Touko: "Your incomprehensibility just rose......"
Taichi: "I said I'd let you stay over, but I didn't promise anything else."
Taichi: "So good night."
I sunk my body into the soft bed.
It's dark, and there's nothing to do besides sleep.
Touko: "Eh!? Wait......we still haven't......done...any..."
Taichi: *snore*
Touko: "H-how could......"
Taichi: *snore*
Touko: "Idiot-idiot-idiot! Taichi you idiot."
Taichi: *snore*
*rustle* *rustle*
The sound of a sleeping bag being rolled out.
The sound of a body sliding inside.
Touko: "Uuuuu......the floor...hurts......"
Dissatisfied malcontent.
Touko: "............"
Touko: "Too hot!! I can't sleep in something like this in the summer!"
Touko: "Forget it, I'll sleep directly on the floor......"
Touko: "......*sob*......it's haaard...it huuurts......"
She continued weeping quietly until she fell asleep.
Taichi: "......you are noisy......"
Until Touko fell asleep, I couldn't sleep.
Even so,
I stretched out my hand and softly wiped the corners of her eyes.
When I woke up, Touko was sleeping on the floor.
An expression of agony.
Touko: "......uuu......"
I felt sorry for her.
Maybe she had a bad dream or something.
Anyway, I got changed and headed for school.
A gate to prevent running away.
It didn't seem to be protecting the students so much as protecting the outside world from us.
That's the impression it held.
Like a gangster from a previous era, I sat down in my chair and crossed my legs on top of my desk.
My chair leaned back and forth.
There's nothing to do. Absolutely nothing.
Touko: "Taichi......"
Touko came, rather late.
She was out of breath.
Taichi: "Oh, you're late."
Touko: "......I searched for you......everywhere......"
Taichi: "I see, so that's why you're late."
Taichi: "Laaate, laaate!"
I mocked her, and her expression turned to anger.
No, it'd probably have done that even if I hadn't.
Touko: "Why did you go by yourself!? Why didn't you wake me up!?"
Taichi: "Because you were sleeping."
Touko: "Wake me up!"
Taichi: "......(thought)"
Taichi: "Sorry, I wasn't being considerate enough."
Touko fell to her knees.
Touko: "......I feel......like crying......"
Taichi: "You're such a crybaby."
Taichi: "More importantly, let's go and collect some food and eat it. I'm hungry."
Touko: "......haaa......"
We searched for various types of food after that.
In nearby residences and stores.
Seeking provisions.
Touko looked sad the whole time.
Since we avoided living things, all we had were packaged and dried foods.
I also spent a lot of time explaining every last detail of instant food to Touko.
Even so, by the time we were eating our cheap meal, we felt better.
Touko: "......Kurosu...a lot of your friends are girls."
Taichi: "Ha? What's your point?"
Touko: "Today, I passed by the club room and saw everyone making a commotion."
Taichi: "Yeah, that happens."
Touko: "You're popular."
We were just making noise as usual.
Taichi: "......why are you getting bent out of shape?"
Touko: "I'm not bending!"
She got mad.
Taichi: "They are club members, so calling them my friends is a bit......weren't there guys there too?"
Touko: "I didn't see them......"
Taichi: "There should've been a few. Still, if I really was popular with the ladies, don't you think I'd have at least one girlfriend?"
Touko: "Yeah...you don't......"
Taichi: "If I did, I wouldn't talk to Kirihara like this."
Touko: "........................eh?"
My invasion was steadily progressing.
I spent the afternoon in the club room.
The breeze was nice, so it was more refreshing than the classroom.
Taichi: "This brings back memories."
Touko: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Of how hard it was to get you to come and visit the club room."
Touko: "............"
She started coming to club activities once in a while.
Taichi: "......yo, there you are."
Touko: "I just happened to be bored."
Taichi: "So Kirihara comes when no one else is here."
Touko: "......that's a coincidence."
Taichi: "Well, sit. I'll bring out the cheap coffee."
Touko: "......okay."
........................
It was an experiment.
How far could a human like me go in the normal world by acting sociable?
How much could I deceive them?
Based on the results, I might decide how I'll live.
Could I blend in?
By imitating the pity form called a 'bond?'
Is life possible?
To do that, one needs a certain degree of power to control people's wills.
Because I'm an oddity.
I can't not be feared.
My foulness can't not be of concern.
The ugliness at my foundation directly connected to the image of a witch.
The cause......probably some story I heard when I was a kid.
From what I read in books, witch hunting has historically been quite severe, and that might be due to the idea that 『Witches really are evil people.』
I could imagine white hair holding magical properties.
Same goes for the sparkles in these eyes.
There's no limit of things to worry about.
Taichi: "Here's yours, Touko."
I handed her a cup of coffee.
It might be cheap, but there's still a certain trick to getting Blue Mountain Tea to come out right.
Touko: "......hey."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Touko: "I'll call you Taichi."
I was a little surprised.
That was the first time I'd felt Touko deviate from my understanding of her.
Taichi: "......sure, but that's a bit sudden."
Touko: "But you keep calling me 'Touko, Touko.' That's unfair."
Touko: "So this is payback."
She smiled brightly.
Taichi: "......feel free to."
I tried forcing a smile.
........................
Taichi: "What's this?"
Touko: "......I-I made......a bentou."
Taichi: "Whoa, you were able to make something this plebeian."
Touko: "Of course. I happen to be good at cooking."
Taichi: "Isn't there a bit too much in here?"
Touko: "......that's true......I made too much......so, Taichi, you have special permission to partake."
Taichi: "Ah, I see......"
I'd had enough of that.
Touko: "......is it good?"
Taichi: "Yes, it's truly delicious."
Touko: "H-how is......that omelette?"
Taichi: "Somehow, this one seems strangely off......even though everything else is fine..."
Touko: "Uu......"
I see.
I sensed the truth from her reaction and chose an appropriate action.
Taichi: "Nn......aaah, but this one's the best of all."
Touko: "Really!?"
Taichi: "Yeah. It really is delicious."
Taichi: "Somehow, it feels like it has feelings put into it. Yes, tasty, tasty."
Actually, it was the worst.
Just as it looked.
I politely repeated those days.
........................
Half a day passed by.
Casual time.
Unaltruistic time.
Is that what 'priceless' means?
No.
Someday I'll think back on the time I spent fooling around with Touko in this school.
Touko: "Hey, come home with me......didn't you promise?"
She said that when I started walking down the stairs to go home.
Taichi: "Aaah, it's fine, it's fine."
The car had a spot on it.
Taichi: "Kukuku."
Today, I shall take the principal's Ferrari.
I swiped the key from the principal's office.
It's true that I have no driving skill.
But, in place of that I can make an overabundance of effort.
Through the days of this ever repeating week, I've touched cars countless times and mastered them.
Those skills were now formulaic (?) indeed.
*vroom* *vroom* *vroom!*
Taichi: "Now, let's go."
Touko: "You're like a race car driver, hu."
She got into the passenger seat.
Taichi: "Please fasten your seat belt."
Touko: "......okay...there we go......"
Taichi: "Then we're off!"
........................
Touko: "......from now on......I'm not driving with Taichi......"
Taichi: "Agreed."
It didn't really go that well.
Once again, I'd badly damaged the Ferrari.
Taichi: "That thing's hard to drive. It shakes right away when I turn the wheel, and the clutch is so heavy I can't change gears......on top of that when I decelerate and shift down it lurches......is it a defective vehicle?"
Do I......have no skill whatsoever?
For now we had no choice but to throw it away after use.
We headed to Touko's mansion.
........................
Touko: "I was wondering, 'What should I bring?' and searched all over the place."
Touko: "And I found these old pictures."
She said happily.
Touko: "Good thing we didn't throw them away......I think I'll put them up on a wall."
Touko: "There are enough to completely cover one."
Taichi: "Ooohhh."
Touko: "Huhu!"
She folded her arms around mine.
I took an item out of my tool bag and equipped it.
Taichi: "Look at this, Kirihara."
Touko: "An armband?"
The noblewoman strained her eyes.
Touko: "......I oppose......stupid couples......"
Touko: "I oppose stupid couples."
Touko deciphered the words.
Taichi: "That's right. From my position, I see the grave influence that stupid couples exert on their surroundings, and make every effort to control their firmly unregulated attitude."
Taichi: "Unfold your arms."
I shook her off.
Touko: "Not that this is unusual......but I don't understand what you're saying."
Taichi: "Refrain from public displays of senseless affection."
Touko: "But...there aren't any people......"
Taichi: "There are a few."
Touko: "Uuu."
She was unsatisfied.
Taichi: "Kirihara, you're good as a reverse competitive girl."
Touko: "Haa?"
Taichi: "But you're going way too far with the sweetness! You have too much juice! Go on with a more thoroughly competitive spirit! Carefully select times to be embarrassed. That's far more moe......and it's for your sake as well, Kirihara."
Touko: "Ha? Haa......"
Taichi: "You're the sort of girl who's like a precious jewel."
Touko: "Eh?! (heartbeat)"
Taichi: "That sparkle surpasses the diamond......yet it is sad, for diamonds are carbon to be burned up in flames. Goddamn! I fully understand how foolish it is to hold one's hard-earned wealth in diamonds."
Touko: "???"
Taichi: "You have good and bad points. Please understand that, my wonderful maiden."
Touko: "I don't really understand...but I get it."
Taichi: "So now you know?"
Touko: "......Taichi, it's embarrassing to be clingy in front of people."
Taichi: "Ei!"
I lowered her panties.
Touko: "Fugiii!"
Taichi: "Fugiii."
On the way home we used the Kiriharas' RV.
And got in an accident on the way.
Only a few hundred meters away from my house.
Fortunately, I already had a key to one of the cars parked nearby.
Touko: "......somehow......you're well-prepared......"
Taichi: "This isn't what I'd planned."
Taichi: "Aaah!! I'm exhausted!!"
Touko: "......thank you for doing all that."
Taichi: "No problem."
Touko: "Can we take a bath together?"
Taichi: "If there's no sex."
Touko: "......"
She was expressionless, but what sort of emotions were swirling underneath...?
Touko: "I'll go in first."
Taichi: "Seeee youuu laaater."
Now then,
I searched her belongings.
Harakiri Blade discovered.
I went out to the garden.
I broke it.
In its place I put a carnation.
Flowers are a symbol of peace after all.
Touko: "......refreshing..."
Taichi: "Yep, you're refreshed."
Touko: "I feel incredibly clean right now, but......hey?"
Taichi: "Here it comes."
A straighter approach than yesterday.
That's why people with stupid couple skills......
Touko: "Hey...you really can't hold it in any longer, right? Taichi, you're perverted after all."
Taichi: "I just happened to become impotent."
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Impotence is a German word. Weren't we taught that? 'Impo' is too direct, so why not shorten it to 'poten?'"
Touko: "........................"
Touko: "Do you hate me?"
Taichi: "I love you to pieces."
Touko: "Then why!?"
Taichi: "Because I love you."
Touko: "???"
By which I mean, putting my hands on you won't accomplish anything anyway.
There's a need to continue holding myself back.
Touko: "......fine. I'll wash and go to bed."
Wash? Does that involve her skin?
My interest was pulled.
Taichi: "That side of you truly is a girl!"
Taichi: "Take care of your girlishness---"
She was washing her sword.
Taichi: "......or not."
Touko: "Now,"
My deep and silent denouncement hadn't reached her.
*slide*
Her favorite blade peeked out from the scabbard.
A carnation.
Touko: "My soul---------!!??"
*shake* *shake* *shake* *shake!!!*
She convulsed.
Touko: "Aau, aau, aau, aau!!!"
Something came out of her mouth.
*Something = Ectoplasm
Taichi: "Not good!"
Touko: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnn!!?"
She pushed it back in.
Touko: "......haa, haa, haa."
She came back to her senses.
Touko: "Hey, what's the meaning of this!!?"
Taichi: "Possession of bladed weapons is prohibited, you idiot!!"
Touko: "Aren't you the idiot! Didn't you know that this blade is a part of my soul, you ruffian!!?"
Taichi: "Yes, I did it knowingly."
I spat out.
Taichi: "You need no weapon!"
Touko: "Uu......uuuuu......my sword......"
Taichi: "Make sure you don't get a new one."
Touko slept timidly.
But,
But---
Touko: "Hey......I want to visit Taichi's house."
Taichi: "Fine by me."
Touko: "......what about your family?"
Taichi: "My mother lives in an apartment near her job and only comes home once in a while."
Taichi: "I'm pretty much alone."
Touko: "......oh...I see......then, maybe I'll come over."
The time had come.
For evidence.
........................
Touko: "Taichi......it's...my first time......so......be gentle......"
Taichi: "Yeah, I know."
Touko: "......I......love you......"
Taichi: "Yeah, I know---"
Because I induced you to.
With the conviction that I could do well in the world.
I embraced Touko, along with relief.
Touko: "......ah......aaaaah!......"
The experiment was a success.
That's what I thought.
I'd forgotten.
That both Touko and I held uncontrollable selves.
Guiding us to break down with the epitome of decadence.
Taichi: "......how do you usually do it with yourself?"
Touko: "Eh?......I don't......"
Taichi: "You do. Touko does do it. I know."
Touko: "I don't do that......"
Taichi: "Show me, using my fingers."
Touko: "Sh-show you what?"
Taichi: "Masturbation. Show me what you look like when you cum."
Touko: "............o-okay......"
Touko: "Like this......nn......Taichi's fingers...they're long......"
........................
Touko: "Today......what should I do?"
Taichi: "Good question. First, squeeze it with your hands."
Touko: "......nn."
Taichi: "How is it?"
Touko: "Hot......"
Taichi: "Because the blood's gathering there."
Taichi: "You can do it rougher."
Touko: "......ah......aaah......"
Taichi: "Hold it like this, and your grip strength---"
I taught her every little thing.
I wanted to defile her.
Because a girl's shame stimulates my instincts.
I wanted to see it directly.
That's why I carved into her.
Taichi: "......I'm going to cum. Hold out your palm."
Touko: "......eh? Like this?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Touko: "Kya......no......it's......a lot of it...is coming out......"
Taichi: "Try licking it."
Touko: "......licking this?"
Taichi: "Yes."
........................
Touko: "Aan, aaah!......Aaaaah!......Nnah!......No, someone might come!......"
Taichi: "I don't care."
Touko: "Uuuu!......Ah! Aaaah......kyan!"
Touko: "......ah! Nn! Taichi......Taichiii......"
........................
The change came suddenly.
Touko: "......stop talking to Miyasumi-sempai."
Taichi: "Why?"
I narrowed my eyes and conjectured.
Taichi: "We're not doing anything we shouldn't be."
Touko: "I don't like it. Stop it. And stay near me."
Taichi: "......aren't I near you right now?"
Touko: "More......"
Taichi: "More......?"
Taichi: "In the first place, I'm in the club so conversations with Sempai are......"
Touko: "Drop the club."
Taichi: "You're being unreasonable."
Touko: "Miyasumi-sempai...she's in the way......"
Taichi: "Touko?"
Dangerous.
Touko: "Maybe she should just go away."
That's dangerous.
Taichi: "Hey, keep it together."
Touko: "......eh?"
She came back to her senses.
Taichi: "Maintain yourself properly. You felt weird just now."
Touko: "Aaah, I'm sorry......"
Touko: "Huhu......hey, is there anything else you want to do?"
That was the beginning of an inclination.
A fun walk to school.
And yet,
Touko was sullen the whole way there.
Taichi: "......"
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Touko: "............"
Taichi: "Hey."
Touko: "......hmph."
She'd put up a barrier.
Taichi: "Hmmm."
She'd been this way all morning.
Taichi: "Heeey."
Touko: "......"
It's hopeless.
Touko rushed ahead of me.
I closed in on her.
And lined up next to her.
The proud and haughty Touko didn't look at me at all.
I extended one hand and tried gripping her breast.
Touko: "Ii!?"
Taichi: "You don't have any boobs at all!"
Touko: "Sileeeeence!!!"
Taichi: "Ojou-samaaaaaa!!!"
The gate had been left open.
As if waiting to let me inside.
I used to think of this place as a prison.
But right now, it was a reassuring place, like a womb.
There aren't any people.
None, nowhere.
Only at school, only at Gunjou Institute, could we naturally gather together and see one another.
We were pulled in and made to carry on the past.
Actually, this annihilation of humanity is quite harsh.
I think it was the final straw for most humans.
It was good news for me, but for them it was a disheartening and lax death.
And Touko had no choice but to come to my house.
It's ironic.
Sure enough, Touko was right there.
Taichi: "You got here fast."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "And yet you're in casual wear again?"
Taichi: "I'm impressed you can wear something so warm."
Ignore.
Taichi: "Hey, hey."
I shrugged my shoulders and sat down in my seat......right next to Touko's.
I stared at her profile.
She appeared to take no notice of me, but I knew she was paying attention to me.
Taichi: "Sorry about last night."
Touko: "......you're not reflecting on it at all......"
Taichi: "Weeell..."
Touko: "......Taichi's always like that."
Touko: "As if you can't even see me."
Touko: "Always running off......acting on your own."
Taichi: "You're right. I'm reflecting on that."
Touko: "I just want you to care about me a little more."
Taichi: "I thought you'd say that......so I came prepared."
Touko: "Prepared?"
Croquette bread landed on the top of Touko's desk.
Taichi: "Now, satisfy your hunger!"
Touko: "That's not it!!"
*growlll*...
However, Touko's stomach growled.
Touko: "Hafu!!?"
Taichi: "Your stomach bug."
Touko: "Th-this is different!"
*growl* *growlll*...
Her stomach bug.
Taichi: "Your stomach bug again."
Touko: "I'm telling you this is a different issue!"
Taichi: "There's no point in hiding it. I can talk to stomach bugs, you know?"
Touko: "............uh, what?"
Taichi: "Anyway, you're hungry."
Taichi: "And so am I, by the way."
Taichi: "So, our first period class will be croquette bread."
I tore open a package and dug into the first one.
Thankfully, they hadn't spoiled.
Taichi: "And this will also be our time to make up."
Taichi: "......I guess that'd be ethics."
Touko was amazed.
Touko: "......hey, Taichi."
Taichi: "Nnmu?"
Touko: "......Taichi...do you need me?"
Taichi: "Of course I do."
Touko: "......then......why won't you touch me?"
Touko: "It's not like......but I already said I don't want you to......isn't that part of living together?"
Taichi: "......I don't want to degenerate."
I bit into the bread.
Taichi: "I don't want to let go of my tense rationality."
Touko: "......rationality......"
Taichi: "Do you have the confidence to maintain yourself?"
Within this situation.
Touko: "......I don't have to maintain myself."
Taichi: "You haven't forgotten what you did back then, right?"
Touko: "That was Taichi's......"
Taichi: "Regardless of whatever I did, that wasn't something you'd normally do."
Touko: "......"
Taichi: "I do love you Touko."
Touko: "Then......"
Taichi: "But I love the normal Touko."
Taichi: "The Touko that fights the world with her cold shoulder."
Taichi: "And I'm not an escape route for Touko."
Taichi: "Which is why that can't be love."
Even if I don't really mind,
Touko will eventually have to live on her own.
That's why she needs the strength to fight.
Touko: "That's why......I waved......"
Taichi: "Well..."
Taichi: "I'm not good at depending on people or being depended on by people."
Taichi: "That's why I don't want Touko to drown."
Taichi: "But because I love you, I'll help make sure you can't break."
Taichi: "That's how simple this really is."
Touko: "............"
She silently chewed her bread.
Touko: ......*sob*
She was moved to tears.
Touko: "*hic*......uku!......Uu, uuuuuuu......"
In order to grow her wings...
I went to the bathroom.
Taichi: *sigh*
Youko: "......Taichi."
There she is.
Youko: "I oppose stupid couples."
Taichi: "Eh......?"
Youko: "I oppose stupid couples too. Just like Taichi."
Taichi: "......ah, I see."
She looked expressionless, but there was resolve in her eyes.
Taichi: "I understand what you're trying to say."
Taichi: "So, was that all you came here for?"
Youko: "......yes."
Taichi: "Still......"
What about you?
Taichi: "Youko-chan."
Youko: "What?"
Taichi: "I love you. Can I have a kiss?"
Youko: "......Taichi!"
She came and embraced me like a sticky snake.
Iron Claw.
Taichi: "Have a taste of your own medicine."
Youko: "Aaaaah......ow......that hurts......this......I'm sorry, sor-!......"
Touko: "............haa."
How many times has she done that?
I sighed heavily.
My stomach was getting heavy just by sitting next to her.
Taichi: "Hey, let's go to the beach."
Touko: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "Just the two of us, tomorrow."
Touko: "......but......Taichi, you don't want to go with me, right......?"
It was a mystery how her aura of ignorance could turn into this within a single bound.
Taichi: "I do want to."
I showed her a smile.
Taichi: "As long as a perky Touko will come with me."
Touko: "......perky......"
Touko: "Taichi says difficult things......"
Taichi: "Love is a complex thing."
I said something apt with Oscar-class acting.
Touko: "Then I need to ask......do you love me?"
Taichi: "I do indeed!"
I radiated a million-dollar smile with blinding white teeth.
Touko: "Haaa."
A charmed noblewoman.
Touko: "I don't really understand......but whatever."
Touko: "You said you loved me, after all."
She said vacantly.
Taichi: "You're too simple."
The whisper I threw in the opposite direction of Touko disappeared behind the trees.
Touko: "......I've fallen in love with a weird man."
Touko stretched, and seemed to be having a bit of fun.
She really is whimsical.
Taichi: "Friday, huh?"
Three days left until the world swings back.
Today as well, I'll do what I should do.
Taichi: "Even so......"
I looked at the floor.
Touko was asleep.
At night she's been moaning 'It hurts, it hurts,' but it looks like she'd finally gotten used to it.
She was sleeping soundly.
Today I'll be going to the beach with this girl.
Since the beach gives a great mood.
There are a lot of things I have to be careful of.
I don't have the confidence to control myself if I end up doing something erotic.
Taichi: "I'll do my best."
When I persistently evade touching her bare skin, we get into an argument.
Touko shrank back and went somewhere on her own.
Taichi: "......I'm not letting that happen again."
That...
Following the inclination---
........................
Taichi: "What's this about, Touko?"
I closed in on Touko.
Taichi: "In front of everyone......I never thought you'd do such a thing..."
Touko: "......but, what does it matter?"
Taichi: "It doesn't matter?"
Touko: "Can't it just be us?"
Taichi: "Come on......you know that's......"
I was pierced.
I wonder what he means by that...
In front of the public.
Taichi: "This is far worse than kissing me on the train."
Touko: "Isn't it just fine to do it right here?"
Taichi: "Come on..."
Touko: "Though it is embarrassing..."
Taichi: "Listen to me."
Touko: "Then, I think everyone would understand."
Taichi: "......Touko, you've been strange lately."
Touko: "Didn't Taichi become strange?"
Noisy laughter.
Taichi: "............"
I realized it.
Touko also has something that brought her to Gunjou...... it was so obvious.
I can't determine whether it's jealousy or madness.
But bit by bit, Touko was getting out of my hands.
I was the first to come to my senses.
I easily understood that it would become more horrible as this went on.
It was best to move before it was too late.
Everyone understood that and couldn't take action.
They decided to restore their defaults.
........................
In the evening, I touched the shrunken and timid Touko, just a little.
Really, just a little.
We touched shoulders and looked at the sea.
Her style of anger couldn't break.
I felt like our hearts were contradicting.
I could understand a girl's heart that well.
Taichi: "Now then, why don't we go to bed?"
Touko: "Woof."
Taichi: "Nnn, for an ojou-sama, Touko, you're weak at chess."
I stretched.
Touko: "......woof."
10 Wins, 0 Losses.
When we came back from the beach, Touko had withered for some reason, so I challenged her to a game in order to take her mind off of whatever it was.
Taichi: "Do you need a snack?"
Touko: "Woof."
She shook her head.
Taichi: "Then let's sleep."
I gave my body to the fluffy bed.
Touko: "......wooof......(crying)"
Touko lay down on the rough floor.
Stillness snuck in and filled the room.
I wonder if Touko fell asleep.
Taichi: "......sorry."
No answer.
But at long last,
Touko: "Hey......Taichi......"
She spoke behind me.
Taichi: "Nn?"
Touko: "Do you think we can be together forever......?"
Taichi: "......I'm always inside Touko's heart."
Touko: "......huhu, then maybe it's fine."
Taichi: "Why are you asking that?"
Touko: "But, people have disappeared. Someday, won't we......?"
Taichi: "......"
'We'...
Touko: "If we're going to disappear, I'd at least like it to be......together......"
Her words silently narrowed. Touko fell asleep.
For a while I couldn't sleep.
I couldn't not think about it.
When Touko is alone again, how long will it take for her to stand up once more?
Is it even possible for her to stand up on her own?
But......even if it isn't......my decision won't change.
Taichi: "Sorry."
My repeated apology was sucked into the darkness.
Saturday.
......one day left.
There's one day left.
Taichi: "Fuwaa......"
Waking up.
Touko: "Kuu...kuu..."
Touko was sleeping next to me.
Lightly breathing.
She seemed to be sleeping soundly.
Taichi: "......"
She'd crawled in here in the middle of the night.
Touko: "......suu, suu."
She was sleeping easy.
Taichi: "......hu."
Her sleeping face was like a child's.
Well, that aside,
I went outside alone.
The atmosphere was clear.
It wasn't refreshing, but it wasn't hot either.
Maybe the heat had been stolen.
There's no way to confirm it.
About Touko and I...
Taichi: "It's not like......we made any particularly huge memories......"
Without attaching or separating.
A week passed only with an idealistic sense of distance.
Touko neither broke nor became dependent.
Because she's not dependent......there's no need to restore her to her default.
Restore......yes, that was my miscalculation.
I misread the human called Touko.
Even now, I felt a shudder.
........................
I decided to restore her.
........................
Touko: "Eh---?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "What did you just say?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "......that's...a lie, right?"
Touko: "That's one of your usual jokes, right?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "......aha, what are you saying, you idiot?"
Touko: "I won't be fooled, you know."
Touko: "............"
Touko: "......are you serious?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "......but...aren't you in love...with me?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "......wai-......you......"
Touko: "Do you understand......what you're saying?"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "I absolutely......won't accept that......I won't accept that."
Touko: "I'll tear them apart! Everyone in the club!"
Touko: "And your family and everyone in this Institute!"
Touko: "All of them, whatever they did, I'll tear them apart!"
Restoration in progress.
Touko: "......Taichi......stop this......I don't like this......"
Touko: "Hey, let's go shopping? I'll buy you some clothes."
Touko: "Taichi......?"
Touko: "Wa......it......"
My restoration failed---
And then---
Touko: "......Taichi......look......"
Touko: "I got...injured......Taichi......owow......it hurts......"
Touko: "It really hurts. I might die......"
Touko: "......there's lots of blood coming out......"
Touko: "So......be gentle......Taichi......"
Touko: "Be more gentle......stay by my side......"
Touko: "It......hurts......"
Touko: "Taichiiii......come ouuuut......!!"
Touko: "Look at meee, at my blood......would you just looook..."
Touko: "Because when you do, you'll want to be nice to me again."
Touko: "Taichiii, come ouuuuut......"
If Youko-chan hadn't been there...
Touko probably wouldn't have lived and the situation would have been even more serious.
Touko left the hospital and returned to school.
As thorough as before......no, more thorough than before---
She'd become beautiful.
I'd thought of Touko's lonely behavior as beautiful.
I covered my face.
Vivid, raw red blood.
It seemed as if it would ooze into my retinas.
I am in love.
With her.
It's just that my ethics aren't so great when it won't work.
If it was Sempai or Miki or Kiri......
I show the same tender eyes to all the humans around me.
Even for Touko there's an equal portion of love.
That's not the form of 『love』 she wishes for.
Taichi: "......it would be nice if this ended quickly."
It was like my heart had swollen up from the impatience of being unable to come to a conclusion.
And tomorrow is Sunday---
When I woke up, Touko was crying in her sleep.
Touko: "......hu......*sob*......"
She must be lonely.
I softly brushed aside the hair stuck to her forehead.
I can't fulfill everything by myself.
The time was before noon.
I'd overslept.
Taichi: "Touko, Touko."
I woke her up.
Touko: "Nnnya......?"
Taichi: "Wake up. We're heading out."
Touko: "......eh......where?"
Touko: "Wait, where are you going to take me?"
Taichi: "To a nice place."
........................
Touko: "Where are we......?"
Taichi: "Dunno."
I stood a confused Touko in the prescribed location.
Taichi: "......"
I stared at her.
Touko: "Hey......what's going to happen?"
Taichi: "I have a question. Please answer honestly."
Touko: "O-okay......"
Taichi: "Are you lonely?"
Touko: "Eh?......Hmm, I wonder about that......"
Taichi: "Were you lonely when all the people went away?"
Touko: "......I'm not sure about lonely......anxious, I guess......"
Taichi: "Do you want to return? To your home?"
Touko: "......well......if I could return to that time... ......wouldn't anyone want to?"
Touko: "Hey, what's this all about?"
Taichi: "Next question."
Taichi: "Touko has always been alone. Why is that?"
Touko: "......why?......Even if you ask that......I just don't know......"
Touko: "But......I was frustrated......being made an abnormal......just for that, I was pulled out......no one came and talked to me......"
Touko: "Were there any other choices besides being alone......?"
Touko: "But, because Taichi spoke to me......"
Taichi: "......sorry."
I just couldn't do anything but apologize.
Taichi: "Then, my last question."
Taichi: "Do you love me?"
Touko: "......ummm......"
Touko: "Yes, I love you......"
Because those were going to be her last words?
They may be ordinary, but they reached my heart.
Yes.
This is about right.
Taichi: "Then, Touko, don't misunderstand me."
Taichi: "I'm not abandoning you this time, I mean that."
Taichi: "I give you my word."
Touko: "......Taichi, I can't understand what you've been saying, but......"
*click*---
I closed my eyes.
I'm the only one who can see through the distortion.
I'm the one who decides whether that place is on this side or the other side.
Just like how I guided everyone here at first,
I was able to send them back again.
I opened my eyes and took another look.
Touko had disappeared.
Touko: "......just what on Earth......eh? Huh?"
Touko: "Taichi?"
Touko: "Kya!!?"
Touko: "Eh?......The radio? When did he put this in my pocket......?"
Touko: "......why can I hear it?"
Touko: "Taichiii, the radio, it's-!"
Touko: "Ah, come on......where did you go!? Idiot!"
Touko: "Taichi, where are you!?"
Taichi: "Farewell, Touko."
With this, many more possibilities disappeared.
Touko will no longer be in the classroom.
I won't be cut with a blade for all perpetuity.
Nor will I be clinging to her or clung to by her.
Nor punched by her.
All the routes Touko gave me......they've all been exhausted.
From now on, I can only hold my memories dear.
I can only ruminate and live on.
Taichi: "Don't pity me."
Or yourself.
I held back tears by pushing against the corners of my eyes.
I used all my strength not to worry.
It goes on.
Because there are still things that I have to do.
Next week---
The fourth floor. The first year classroom.
Kiri was there.
A delicate girl.
So that she won't break, so that she can't break...
......at least, let me have the memories.
  -Draw near to her
  -Call out to her
......no.
This decision connects to madness.
Innocent malice is...
Unacceptable...
Back up...
Return...
Do it over...
And then---
Taichi: "Kiri."
Her whole body tensed up.
She slowly turned around.
When she did, her features were grave.
Taichi: "Morning."
Kiri: "......what do you want?"
A low voice.
Taichi: "Is Miki-kun here?"
Kiri: "......she isn't."
Taichi: "I see."
I knew that.
Taichi: "She was loitering around the shopping district. She felt emotionally unstable."
Kiri: "Miki was......?"
Taichi: "Why not go to her?"
Kiri flew out of the classroom without answering.
Taichi: "Hey, take this."
Kiri: "......wh-?"
Taichi: "Lunch. I promised to give this to Miki."
A lie.
But if I don't say it, Kiri won't accept it.
Kiri: "......why would you......?"
Taichi: "Come on, hurry up. She was crying."
Kiri shot a dubious glance and ran away.
Okay, that should do it.
I heaved a huge sigh.
I'll have to set aside time for Kiri every day.
On Sunday, the world will roll back.
Restoration day.
Maybe this world is ideal for me.
A world where mortal wounds aren't mortal.
Back to normal in a week.
Whoever I hurt, whoever I depend on,
Reset.
I'll get close to Touko, then Mimi-sempai next,
Then Kiri,
Then Miki,
Then Youko-chan if I feel like it,
Then Sakuraba,
......not him.
However,
There's a place avoiding the reset, where possibilities lie.
It's not perfect opportunism.
Which is why I---
It was early summer last year,
When I met Shinkawa Yutaka.
A summer of noisy cicadas.
Shinkawa: 『Okay, I get the feeling this'll work somehow.』
Taichi: "............"
I wonder who was wrong.
I can't blame it on destiny.
Someone was wrong. Or perhaps, no one was wrong.
If that's admitted, then there aren't that many conclusions.
I woke up.
Sunlight was penetrating through the window.
I must have been sleeping soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time......7 A.M.
I have to go to school.
Kiri was standing in the hallway.
Taichi: "Yo!"
Kiri: "......Sempai."
Her expression turned wary.
This is what it's like on a Tuesday.
A gaze filled with animosity.
I averted my eyes.
I voiced nothing provocative.
Miki came out.
Miki: "Hey, Sempai."
Miki: "Thanks for the food yesterday."
Miki: "Come on Kiri, you too."
Kiri: "......I......"
Miki: "Didn't you eat too?"
Kiri: "I did, but......but..."
Complications.
Based on pride.
Taichi: "That's fine, I'm not the guy who made it."
Miki: "Really?"
Taichi: "Youko-chan."
Miki: "Aaah, so she's Sempai's koremon."
She held up her pinky.
Taichi: "Not sure if you'd call her a koremon or a *****mon, but she is a convenient monster."
That could've been bad for copyright.
Taichi: "And that's why you may enjoy breakfast."
Miki: "Eh?......Is that okay?"
Taichi: "It is. I don't like sandwiches that much anyway."
Miki: "I'm sorry."
Taichi: "It must be rough to eat nothing but sweets."
Miki: "......yes."
Kiri suddenly cut in.
She told me with a defiant intonation:
Kiri: "What is your objective in doing such a thing?"
Taichi: "......my objective...exists."
Kiri: "And it is?"
Taichi: "......I want to...talk with Kiri."
Kiri: "With me?"
Taichi: "There's a suitable day for talking. Stay in good spirits until then."
Miki: "A suitable day?"
Taichi: "Yep, just suitable."
I turned my back to them.
Kiri: "Ah......"
Miki: "Th-thanks for the sandwiches, Sempai!"
I just waved my hand to the two of them behind me.
I killed time until midday.
I mustn't make excessive contact, or I'll be struck with an unknown tragedy.
I can't allow the current, proper me with this knowledge and experience to die.
At midday, I came back to school.
They should be eating bentous......right here.
If they aren't eating, I'll come again. Next week.
I'll repeat it any number of times.
And then---
Taichi: "......do you have any food?"
Miki: "Unfortunately..."
Taichi: "What about that bentou......?"
Miki: "Kiri made it."
Taichi: "Uwa, that's nice..."
Kiri: "......there's not enough for Sempai."
She said flatly.
Taichi: "Isn't there quite a bit here?"
Miki: "There is a lot."
It seems quite clear that there's enough for three.
Kiri: "However, for some reason there isn't any for Sempai."
Taichi: "......muu..."
Taichi: "Then let's barter."
Miki: "You mean trade?"
Taichi: "Solid and gummy candies. Handmade."
Their eyes changed color.
Miki: "Handmade?"
Taichi: "Mmm. By Youko-chan though."
Taichi: "By the looks of things, these are low in sugar and are good for your looks. The gummies are made from konjac jelly. Zero calories."
Both of them: "Zero calories!?"
........................
Taichi: "Yaaay."
Exchange accomplished.
Miki: "It has a mother's flavor......"
Kiri: "Yes it does."
Miki: "It's milk chocolate."
Kiri: "It is..."
Taichi: "Though that's a stalker's flavor."
Miki: "My cheeks......my cheeks are......"
Kiri: "Nnnnnnn!"
Taichi: "Delicious......Kiri-chin has a talent for cooking."
Kiri: "......all I did was heat them up."
Taichi: "But they're delicious."
Kiri: "If I don't make them, Miki's going to eat sweets forever."
Miki: "Buuut..."
Taichi: "We both seem to be laboring over food."
Miki: "Yes......"
Taichi: "Kiri-chin, let's get married."
Kiri: "That's impossible."
Miki: "Not, 'I don't want to,' but, 'Impossible.' There you have it, Sempai."
Taichi: "......I'm on fire."
Kiri: "I'll throw water on you."
Taichi: "That would annoy me."
Miki: "Are there any more sweets?"
Taichi: "There are. Cookies, sables and more. Youko-sensei is good at making sweets."
Miki: "Whoa, that's unexpected."
Taichi: "They seem to keep well."
Kiri: "......is she...your lover?"
Taichi: "No, we just lived together once."
Miki: "Cohabitation."
Kiri: "Cohabitation."
They were stymied.
Taichi: "No, not the same as cohabitation."
Taichi: "Ummm, basically we had no parents, and Mutsumi-san adopted both of us. Ah, she's my guardian."
I explained efficiently.
Miki: "So that's what it was."
Kiri: "......I thought they had a suspicious relationship......"
Miki: "Hasekura-sempai has many mysteries."
Taichi: "I couldn't agree more."
Taichi: "Now...I have some special thousand-year candy here, so everyone get in the mood for the seven-five- three festival."
Miki: "Waa, thousand year candy!"
Miki smiled.
Kiri promptly took it from me.
Miki: "Uuooo, what are you doing!?"
Kiri: "You can't have sweets."
Miki: "But you ate them yourself!"
Kiri: "I eat real food too. From now on we have to manage our own health, right?"
Miki: "......okaaay."
Kiri: "What is it? You're staring at me with indecent eyes......"
Taichi: "No, I was thinking you make a good combo."
Miki: "Since we're the flower-chans."
Taichi: "So much so that I want to make you debut."
Miki: "Though even if we debut now......"
A weak Miki.
Kiri: "At best the CD could only sell eight copies."
Miki: "A million would be a dream within a dream."
Kiri: "Then I'll buy two copies."
Miki: "Then I'll also buy two."
Kiri: "That makes ten."
Miki: "Yep, ten. Two digits."
She chuckled.
They really are intimate.
Their behavior refreshed me just a tiny bit.
Shinkawa Yutaka was staring at the grove of trees.
I moved toward Shinkawa, and called out to him.
Taichi: "What's wrong?"
Shinkawa was sweating.
It didn't look like summer sweat.
I stepped back.
A car came.
Taichi: "Shinkawa!"
I quickly pushed him.
Right behind him, the truck drove slowly by.
Shinkawa didn't react when I spoke to him.
He was shaking.
Taichi: "Shinkawa?"
Shinkawa: "Ah......sorry."
He regained his senses.
Shinkawa: "Somehow......when I look into something like a grove of trees......I start feeling horrible......I've been like that for a long time......though I have no idea why......"
He covered his face as he stood up, and looked dizzy for a while.
Then he looked up at the blue sky, and sighed as if panting.
What Shinkawa saw behind the trees...
That was surely---
Wednesday.
To school.
A gate to prevent running away.
It didn't seem to be protecting the students so much as protecting the outside world from us.
That's the impression it held.
I tried looking in the classroom on a whim.
As I feared, Touko wasn't there.
Taichi: "Nn......"
My heart was parched.
I held back tears. My ears were ringing.
This wasn't meant to happen.
I don't even know when my heart will burst.
If I fail now, I'll go on another journey of long odds.
Even though I'm returning here, will I repeat this hundreds or thousands of times?
I have no sense for it......I can't endure it.
I left the classroom.
I chased Touko out of my consciousness.
Beginning the third day 『as always.』
But all that did was fill myself with hollowness.
The pool.
Taichi: "......"
Okay.
As planned, I'll be chosen.
If there are no abnormalities in either Kiri or Miki's behavior, then their conduct is fixed to a certain degree.
As long as Miki hasn't lived through too much proper time.
Miki: "Ei!!"
Kiri: "Ah, I told you no, nooo!"
Miki: "Ahahaha! Kiriii, you're getting weeet."
Kiri: "But we're in the water! Ah! My hair's getting wet, it's getting wet!"
Miki: "But isn't this a pool!?"
Kiri: "It is, but-!"
Miki: "Eeei."
Kiri: "Aaah, my haiiir..."
Kiri: "Payback!!"
Miki: "Kyaaa!"
I was watching a happy scene.
Kiri: "Yooouuuu!"
Miki: "Waaaa!"
Kiri: "Take this!!"
Miki: "I will not take that."
Kiri: "Ah, use of the swim board is prohibited!"
Miki: "It's my shield."
Kiri: "No fair!"
Miki: "It's a handicap since my hair is longer."
Kiri: "But, you can only use one hand, so your attack strength has decreased!"
Miki: "Wa!?"
Kiri: "Time for the hunt!"
Miki: "Aaah, kyaaa!?"
While splashing around, they negotiated with water.
So innocent.
*thump*
Taichi: "......!"
My heart leaped.
That innocence of theirs had touched me.
I pushed my heart unconsciously.
It's not like my soul is among my internal organs.
But what I felt had almost physically hit my real heart.
That made me happy.
I thought it was 『lovely』 in my heart.
Kiri: "Kyaaa!!"
Miki: "Ahahahaha! You fell over!"
Kiri: "I'm soaked......"
Miki: "It's a pool, so you have to get wet."
Kiri: "......now you've said it."
Miki: "......eh? Eeeh?"
Kiri: "Now that I'm soaked, I can swim."
Miki: "Ah...Ah! Ah! No close quarters combat!"
Kiri: "You think the breaststroke can beat the crawl stroke!"
Miki: "Shock and awe! Shock and awe!"
Kiri: "I'll make you dripping wet!"
Miki: "Nooo! My hair turns to seaweed when it gets wet!"
Kiri: "I'll make you a seaweed-chan!"
Miki: "Wa! Wa! Not good!"
Kiri: "Soraaa!"
Miki: "Ginyaaaaaaaa!!"
The sound of splitting water.
Unceasing laughter.
It made me think of gentle, soft flowing time.
A scene from a warm world.
I carved it into my heart.
So I wouldn't forget.
So I could remember it in detail.
I watched the two girls play for a very long time.
The first time I met Kiri was around the time of my reunion with Shinkawa.
I'd heard that Shinkawa had a niece, but I never imagined it was Kiri.
An awkward greeting.
A denouncement from Kiri, who still wasn't used to Gunjou Institute.
An awkward silence.
I spoke to Kiri of unadaptive persons.
Touching on the contradiction in Kiri's words,
And predicted the future prospects for the girl she'd tried to protect out of that sense of justice.
Then, I asked her a question.
Taichi: "It's hard to make friends. But we have to make them. Do you know why?"
Taichi: "Because we need them, in order to raise and nurture our hearts."
There's no way we can conform to everyone.
This was merely my supreme truth.
Kiri got to know Miki afterward, and they started coming to the Broadcasting Club as a pair.
My consciousness flew farther, remembering that time in detail.
Taichi: "Oooh, you've come."
Miki: "Heya."
Kiri: "......hello."
They were like two flowers planted in the same garden.
Taichi: "Flowers!"
Misato: "What's that?"
Taichi: "Their stage name. Stage names are required in the Broadcasting Club. Everyone has one."
Miki: "Fuaa..."
Tomoki: "Again with those lies, ga!"
Somehow, I punched him right around the moment he said 'lies.'
Taichi: "Tomoki is 'Immoral,' Sakuraba is 'Mister Vigilante,' and I am 'Love Aristocrat.'"
Miki: "Is that true?"
Taichi: "Indeed it is!"
Miki: "Please show me a conversation with those names."
Taichi: "Hey, Immoral, how's Siscon been doing? He's exactly the same as always, right?"
Misato: "Shisukon?"
Tomoki: "Please stoooop."
I was being strangled.
Tomoki was desperate, since the sister was also here.
Taichi: "......I gggh...get it......suggender......suggendr......I'm dying......"
Sakuraba: "Only the Love Aristocrat can die from love?"
Taichi: "I think I'm going to go 『meet』 my mama in heaven......"
Misato: "Hey! Violence gets you suspended."
Mimi-sempai chopped Tomoki's head.
Tomoki: "Ah, yeah......"
Taichi: "......I thought I'd die."
Tomoki: "You reap what you sow."
Kiri: "......haa."
Kiri was suddenly tired.
Taichi: "What's with that delicate act?"
Taichi: "The Broadcasting Club is a nominal sports club, you know?"
Misato: "......again with the......"
Taichi: "With the third years happily graduated, Sakuraba-sensei had troublesome expectations for you two to come in and fill their shoes."
Sakuraba: "Yeah."
Sakuraba stood up coolly, and spoke while the finger he'd been pointing with had been beaten down.
Sakuraba: "Today, I want to give everyone a lesson on a type of persimmon tree."
Taichi: "That's good, Sensei!"
Misato: "Your finger is engorged with blood."
Sakuraba: "You all know that peanuts are classified as a kind of persimmon tree."
Sakuraba spoke, ignoring us, or perhaps not hearing us.
Miki nodded twice.
She's honest.
Sakuraba: "There are a surprising number of people who cannot forgive those peanuts."
Miki: "That's true."
Sakuraba: "I have always been unable to allow that deception. Why do you think that is?"
Taichi: "Ha, because peanuts are classified that way, that means there is a persimmon tree which grows peanuts?"
Sakuraba: "That's right. If you don't like it, go eat a pure persimmon tree. Complaints about peanuts because of the peanut persimmon tree only end up denying proper respect to the peanut persimmon tree."
Sakuraba: "It's a deception."
Taichi: "It is exactly as you say!"
Sakuraba: "That is why I only eat peanuts that grow on persimmon trees."
Taichi: "......are you an idiot?"
We sobered up.
Sakuraba: "Did you understand?"
Taichi: "Listen to us!"
Sakuraba: "My right ear is hard of hearing."
This was true.
It's no obstacle in his daily life though.
Taichi: "It is hard to forgive that power of yours which returned me to my true self."
Taichi: "I shall deprive you of the 'ku' in your surname of 'Sakuraba,' leaving you with the name of a queen!"
Sakuraba: "What?"
Taichi: "From today onward, you are Saraba. Saraba Sakuraba. Good afternoon, Saraba."
Words are fun.
Sakuraba: "I understand."
Tomoki: "Hey, don't acknowledge that."
Sakuraba: "My talk ends here."
He sat down once again, and began curling his fingers to make the stinging go away.
Misato: "......these people."
She'd gathered them all.
Miki: "I really understand."
Kiri: "......"
Misato: "You think this will work out?"
Miki: "Somehow, it seems fine. Right, Saku-chin?"
Kiri: "......Sensei told me to make it work out."
Misato: "Well, we won't force you to do anything......if you don't like it you can quit anytime."
Taichi: "Ah, nooo......we just got flowers in the workplace."
Misato: "......there you have it."
You're going to buy them? They still look like brats, so they might be easily reeled in.
Taichi: "You're going to buy them? They still look like brats, so they might be easily reeled in. It's the club-joining-celebration plan."
Tomoki: "You're saying your thoughts out loud again, Taichi."
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Nnnn, okay, this."
I pulled out two items from the Taichi Bag.
Taichi: "Squad Member Yamanba Miki!"
Miki: "Hi, I'm Yamanobe. Yes!"
One of the items was colored paper.
Taichi: "This is for you. The big star and cosmetic surgery pro that all the mischievous boys seem to love, Mich**l Jack**n---"
Miki: "Is-is that colored autograph paper!?"
Taichi: "Whom I, the Love Aristocrat Kurosu Taichi, have looked up to as an idol. I give you my autograph."
I pushed it to her.
Miki: "Ayaya."
Taichi: "Oyoyo."
Taichi: "And, Squad Member Sakura Kiri!"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "This is for you. The big man in baseball today, Ba** Ruth---"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "I present you with this Taichi doll."
Misato: "Are those lines even connected?"
Misato: "They aren't in the slightest, are they?"
As one could understand from the fact that Sempai wears glasses (?), she's a person of rules.
Disorderly things seem to get on her nerves.
Tomoki: "He cut it off because there was no reaction."
Taichi: "......now then, Sakura-kun. Feel free to always carry this, rain or shine, and make it your little friend to hold at night when you cry."
Kiri: "............"
Since she didn't put her hand out, I hung it around her neck with a string.
Miki: "Did you make it yourself?"
Taichi: "That is true."
Sakuraba: "A miniature."
Miki: "For a peanut specialist, what you say is rather granular."
All Three: "!!!"
Sakuraba, Tomoki and I looked at each other.
We liked this gag.
Taichi: "She passes."
Tomoki: "Yes."
Sakuraba: "Good."
We gave Miki a thumbs-up.
Miki: "Eh......huh, what?"
Kiri: "............and..."
Kiri: "Huh? It won't come off?"
Kiri was trying to throw away the doll.
Taichi: "Waaaiiit!"
Kiri: "Mu!"
Her face showed that I'd tricked her successfully.
Taichi: "Did you try to throw it away? You tried to throw it away, didn't you?"
I took pride in my win.
Taichi: "It's a shame, but 『To throw out the Taichi doll is a terrible thing!』"
Kiri: "I don't understand."
Taichi: "It's an amazingly important item!"
Taichi: "So it's useless to try and throw it away."
Kiri: "......it's cursed?"
Miki: "Waaa, then this autograph is too!"
Miki tried to throw the autograph out the window.
A voice came from nowhere in particular.
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
Miki: "Hayan!!?"
Taichi: "Wahahahahahaha!"
Tomoki: "Are you using magic?"
Misato: "Is this how we......aren't we celebrating our new members?"
The doors in front and behind opened simultaneously.
Shinkawa: "Heya. Did Kiri come here?"
Touko: "Hey, Taichi! Didn't I tell you to wait! Why'd you go ahead on your own!?"
Two simultaneous visitors.
Misato: "Ah, welcome."
Misato: "Let's bring out some cold tea for our visitors."
To the fridge in a hurry.
Sakuraba: "The refrigerator is empty today, club president-sempai."
Misato: "Hau!"
Misato: "I'll go buy some, so please keep them here!"
Taichi: "Roger."
Touko: "Ah, that's okay......you don't have to......"
Misato: "I do. Absolutely!"
She disappeared down the hallway while flapping her arms.
Kiri: "......Yutaka, what did you come here for?"
Shinkawa: "I guess I should say something......thank you for looking after part of my family."
Kiri: "You shouldn't. Go home."
She tried to push him out.
Tomoki: "Is Shinkawa joining the club too?"
Shinkawa: "Eh!? I'm in the Baseball Club."
Miki: "Did we have a Baseball Club?"
Sakuraba: "It's an organization of only three members which plays very hard with three bases."
Miki: "......haeee, fuaniiina."
Taichi: "This school is quite fuaniina itself."
Touko: "Aaah, Taichi! Why did you blow off our promise to......"
Taichi: "You can pass items to other people."
Miki: "Umm, Kirihara-sempai, I give you this!"
Touko: "Eh?"
She received it.
Touko: "No, what is this? It won't come off my hand? Eh? Glue?"
Shaking can't remove it.
Touko: "Hey, what's going on here!!?"
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
『The Love Aristocrat's Autograph』 cannot be discarded!
Taichi: "Don't make the 'discarded' comment repeat itself for no reason. System messages are annoying."
Touko: "I can't hear those nonsensical messages."
Taichi: "You have no choice but to give it to someone."
Touko: "Then why don't you take responsibility for this!?"
It cannot be given to Taichi!
Touko: "Why not?!"
Taichi: "You can't pass it to anyone who isn't a friend."
Taichi: "You and I are no different from strangers, so you can't pass it to me."
Touko opened and closed her mouth like a goldfish.
Touko: "Wh-wh-what did you say!!?"
Taichi: "Give up and become a club member."
Touko: "Mokiiiiiiiiiii!!"
Kiri: "Just pass it to someone already! That's embarrassing!"
Shinkawa: "That's why I was worried about whether this would go well......you aren't that dependable after all......"
Kiri: "It'll go well. She just has to pass it."
Sakuraba: "Hu, it's awfully lively today."
Sakuraba whispered.
Tomoki: "Oh, your fingers are fine now?"
Sakuraba: "Thanks to the power of soap and water."
Sempai came tottering back, and put cups on coasters.
Misato: "There's no tea, but I've poured water into the teacups!"
Taichi: "What's the point!?"
Miki: "Ahahahaha."
Laughing and getting angry.
The noise of a small festival.
This is good.
This is how memories should be.
Taichi: "Everyone please look! Something horrible has happened!"
Their eyes gathered on me.
Taichi: "I'm streaking!!"
I nimbly stripped off my clothes.
Tomoki: "You are just...!"
I was kicked off.
I hugged Touko's butt.
Touko: "Kiaaaaaaaa!!?"
Taichi: "It's a bit shallow. I can touch your pelvis. Get more meaty down here."
Touko: "Kieeeeeeee!!!"
Fighting spirit.
Taichi: "Gufuuu!!"
I hugged Kiri.
Kiri: "Being touched by a boyyyyyyyy!!!"
Taichi: "Gyafuuu!!"
Miki: "Waaaai!!"
Taichi: "Guooo!!?"
Touko: "You too, Miyasumi Misato."
Misato: "Eh? B-but?"
Touko: "You lose if he hits the ground."
Am I a ball?
Misato: "Well, that would be bad."
Misato: "L-like this?"
Taichi: "Seryaaa!!"
Tomoki: "You put in a lot of fighting spirit right at the end."
Sakuraba: "I saw that as Taichi's special service."
Miki: "He's a man!"
That was fun.
Endlessly fun.
A high quality memory.
I definitely don't want to forget this.
I wished that I wouldn't.
That night,
I heard a noise outside.
I blew out the candle,
Moved to the window,
And looked outside.
Kiri was walking down the street in front of my house.
I followed her.
........................
A crossbow---
It definitely wasn't a toy.
Out of everything you could get in this country, it was a weapon of unparalleled strength.
Though it can't fire repeatedly.
It excels in silence, and abounds in destructive power.
Kiri pulled the trigger.
An arrow pierced a rotted tree.
The sound of air moving was left in my ears.
Kiri readied a new arrow.
She finished loading it with the cocking device.
Then aimed.
Kiri: "........................"
Her trajectory inclined.
Intentional? Coincidental?
She fired.
Kiri: "............"
Kiri exhaled toward her feet and scratched her head roughly.
She seemed frustrated.
She ran to the tree that was her target,
Collected her arrows,
And left.
I tried walking up to that tree.
Taichi: "......"
I wonder if I'm doing something unfair.
Kiri thinks of me as a monster.
A monster that eats people's hearts.
Isn't that just like the current me?
Kiri: "We had no friends at our previous school. Neither him nor me."
Kiri: "Even those who were our friends betrayed us......so we couldn't trust anyone......"
Kiri: "Even though we weren't hurting anyone, everyone hurt us."
Taichi: "But shooting and killing wild beasts that protect themselves is the way of the world."
Kiri: "......are you not a human?"
........................
Kiri: "I..."
Kiri: "I can't stand how scary the world is."
Taichi: "What part of it?"
Kiri: "......the malice."
Kiri: "Everyone's malice......"
........................
Kiri: "......humans, when they pass away, they're gone just like that......because there's hardly anything in the world......"
Kiri: "There are so many places with 『nothing there.』 There's hardly ever 『something there!』"
Kiri: "We don't know when we'll be swept away......that's what I think."
Taichi: "That's......like a sci-fi story about...humanity's annihilation or something?"
Kiri: "It's different from that......it's different from things like that, which have reasons......"
Kiri: "It's like I've woken up from a dream."
Kiri: "Even though it's scary, with nothing but quarreling......"
Kiri: "But sometimes I think, if everything suddenly disappeared one day......and if I was left alone......in this petty world......"
Kiri: "I......I'd......"
........................
Taichi: "Each person has a different form of happiness."
Kiri: "......I don't like that."
Kiri: "There might not be any malice, but I don't like this."
Kiri: "After all......even though there are people here......each one of them is closed off......as if on a solitary island in some distant sea......"
Kiri: "I don't like that......"
........................
It's almost as if Kiri...
'Please care about me---'
She looked as if she was screaming that.
Taichi: "Uu......"
I woke up.
I'd been dreaming.
A nostalgic dream.
Kiri's speech on malice.
Come to think of it, I don't know how those two were rejected by the world.
Although I can imagine.
In the end, people are living for their own sakes.
Living within various desires while touching other people.
It's ironic.
Quite a bit of time went by.
Taichi: "Guess I should get going."
Kiri was there.
She looked around the outside world through the fence.
Deja vu pulled my consciousness away to the distant past.
Summer was starting to end.
The cicadas were remarkably noisy.
Crying voices that seemed to be beating me.
I could tell they were at the end of their lives.
A summer dyed with the dregs of life.
Kiri was on the roof.
Alone.
She'd been crying.
Even from behind, I could tell by the shaking of her shoulders.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
Kiri: "......Kurosu......sempai?"
She didn't hide her tears.
Kiri: "Yutaka......Yutaka, he......fell from here......"
Taichi: "Yeah......"
I knew.
There was no one who didn't know.
Not in this city.
In normal society, a student jumping to his death is a rather big topic.
His or her guardians ask the school questions about who was at fault, and try to bring them to light.
The school tries to evade responsibility.
That's not the case at Gunjou.
No one in society will come asking questions, and the school won't run away.
A number of people took responsibility.
Society couldn't care less about the dangerous boys and girls at Gunjou.
Very few were saddened by it.
Kiri: "No one......no one......feels sad......no one cares......how any of us feel......how any of us lived!"
She was unusually excitable.
A week had already passed since Yutaka's death.
Kiri's sorrow was belated.
Taichi: "Hey, Kiri......was Yutaka happy?"
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "Was he as happy as he could have been?"
An ordinary question.
But,
The meaning was exactly the opposite.
Kiri: "......he's always been in pain."
Taichi: "Always? Are you sure?"
Taichi: "There wasn't even a moment of happiness?"
Kiri: "That's......"
Undoubtedly, there was.
Kiri: "......after becoming friends with Sempai......he started smiling......"
Kiri: "But he wasn't recovering at all!"
Her tone strengthened.
Kiri: "He hadn't recovered from even a tiny bit of the pain he received!"
Taichi: "Then Kiri-chin thinks there was something lacking in Yutaka's life?"
Kiri: "That's not......what I meant......"
Taichi: "......I may say that, but sadness isn't a logical thing."
I'd been in doubt too.
About how to deal with Kiri.
Taichi: "It's okay to cry."
I looked up at the sky.
The pure white buried my field of vision in the moment before I came to understand that it was a huge cloud.
Taichi: "At least before summer ends."
Along with the last moments of the cicadas.
Did Kiri hear in that a meaning which included a thousand emotions?
Kiri: "......uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
She shut her eyes, grabbed my shirt sleeve and raised her voice.
Kiri: "Yuta-nii......he died......he's dead......"
Sobbing.
Taichi: "............"
Yuta-nii.
That was her beloved onii-chan.
He lived well, even with only one leg.
Kiri's parents---
On their faces, which I saw at Yutaka's funeral, there was light relief.
Was Kiri aware of that?
Most likely, she knew all about it.
Even after meeting so many cruel fates, those two continued to support one another.
In a sense, two halves of one body.
Kiri was only a half.
Just like me......
Except, Kiri wished to be that way.
Now, strong emotions deprived her of spirit.
But someday, her sadness will lessen, and she'll search for her other half.
Yutaka and Kiri.
Two people who were of one body and mind.
Kiri had no sins.
But I......my monster...stirred.
Taichi: "Kiri......"
I wrapped my hands around her back.
Violent passions made Kiri unable to sense approaching enemies, so she didn't notice.
Kiri: "Uuuuu......uaaaa......"
Little by little, her emotions subsided.
By then, I was completely embracing Kiri.
Taichi: "Kiri......are you lonely?"
Kiri: "......?"
Taichi: "You are lonely."
Kiri: "......Kurosu-sempai?"
Taichi: "I'm very empty."
I looked down at her small features.
Two deep obsidian stones leaked salt water on her face.
Taichi: "I think Yutaka was happy. Kiri was there, so he forgot all the bad things."
Taichi: "I think he was happy up until his final moments."
I moved my face closer.
Kiri: "............eh?"
She became a little confused.
Our faces crossed paths.
I stole her lips.
Kiri: "............!!?"
Her four limbs went berserk.
I held her tight.
Kiri: "......nna."
Kiri choked.
I pushed her against the fence, and continued sucking her lips.
Kiri: "......fua......no......stop......"
Surprise robbed Kiri of the ability to think.
She couldn't resist well.
Taichi: "Are you lonely?"
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Aren't you lonely?"
Kiri: "......I don't......know......"
I kissed her.
The second time.
This time I invaded as far as the inside of the gums.
At the same time, I moved one hand inside her skirt.
Kiri: "Nn!......Nn, nnnnnnn!!?"
Her resistance suddenly strengthened.
Kiri pushed me away.
Kiri: "P-please stop!!!"
Taichi: "............"
I think I had a slight smile. I'm sure of it.
Kiri: "You are......"
I saw her shock slowly become covered in abhorrence.
Kiri: "--!!"
She ran away.
Passing right by me.
A creaking door. A closing door.
Taichi: "......haha."
I covered my face with my hands.
I see, this certainly is bad.
The corners of my mouth rose brutally.
Kiri and I became estranged.
She seldom showed up to club after that.
There were times Miki brought her along by force, but she avoided me.
We no longer conversed, and our relationship stopped.
That sort of thing happened---
Taichi: "............"
Kiri's prediction happened to come true.
Humans are simple things to destroy.
Now,
Taichi: "Kiri."
I spoke softly to her.
Kiri wasn't surprised.
She slowly turned around.
Kiri: "......the world has become this......where people have disappeared......"
Kiri: "In exchange for the disappearance of malice......there's no longer any substance......"
Kiri: "Even so, you didn't change, did you?"
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "......I've thought about saying this for a while."
Kiri: "Sempai, why are you still alive?"
『Hey, I have a question for you......why won't you go die already?』
They overlapped.
The past and present.
Crossing.
As if a knife I'd thrown a long time ago was now being unexpectedly thrown back at me.
An ironic composition.
Kiri: "Do you think you have the right to live?"
Taichi: "............"
Kiri: "You are...black."
I felt that it was an accurate metaphor.
Kiri: "You're not a person. You're only something resembling a person. You're imitating a person. Like an insect."
Kiri: "You imitate, change into a person and attack people."
Kiri: "You are something that hurts people. You are incompatible with them."
Kiri: "A long time ago, the reason why your adaptation coefficient surpassed eighty was a mystery. But that's not the slightest bit strange. The part inside you that is a person is literally less than twenty percent."
She spoke loquaciously.
She's covering up the Sakura Kiri persona that she'd kept up until now, instead, constructing a more striking image.
The knife of her words had been trying to pierce my mind.
Until now she's only carried dull blades---
Now it was Sakura Kiri's trump card!
Kiri: "A monster."
Kiri: "You deceive by not acting completely like a monster, despite being no better than one."
Kiri: "Do you think sympathy can sprout between a person and a monster, such that they can live together all friendly and happily? Do you think you can obtain the happiness of a person?"
Kiri: "It's impossible."
Kiri: "The very little kindness in the world definitely will not be given to you. No, it must not be given to you."
Kiri: "It's the same as saying that no person holds love for the parasite that inhabits and eats away at their body. Even if there was, that person would be a lunatic."
Kiri: "You're always searching for prey to be sacrificed for your own ends. I understand. Until now that's been suppressed. But now that the world's become this, and people have dwindled, your suppression is no longer working."
Kiri: "Because you've lost the need to imitate us."
Kiri: "Your eyes always fall on us for the purpose of taking pleasure in hurting us. And without a single thought for us, you're trying to take your time ridiculing us as much as possible."
Kiri: "You're not a person, and you're not a monster."
Kiri: "So then, what are you? Something like you that isn't anyone or anything should have disappeared from this world. That's what I think."
Kiri: "Even the majority of humanity, filled with malice, had value far above that of your life. To me, they did."
Kiri: "I will give you two warnings."
Kiri: "First, if you're thinking that you can really become human through contacting others, you're mistaken. That's impossible. That thought profanes humans. I've never seen a monster as perfect as Sempai."
Kiri: "It is no exaggeration that you are a mentally deranged person. A lunatic among lunatics."
Kiri: "......the zenith of people who can go insane."
Kiri: "And one more: don't even think about laying your hands on us."
Kiri: "If Sempai approaches us, searching for a living sacrifice......"
Kiri drew out her last thrust.
Kiri: "I will shoot and kill you."
Taichi: "........................"
Kiri: "......I will absolutely not hand Miki over to you."
Kiri: "I won't let you destroy her!"
Her footsteps passed me in a straight line.
A creaking door. A closing door.
I became alone.
Taichi: "......a monster, huh?"
I ruminated on that word, and ground my teeth.
Even though I knew it,
......it hurt.
Kiri arrived, just like the records said she would.
I followed her.
It should be this way.
I went straight into the trees.
My one question is:
Youko-chan,
Are you a person who acts per the status quo?
If she wasn't taking action...
Would the ravine between Kiri and I be filled?
If it isn't filled......
While holding that doubt, I went to the place of my objective.
I changed my eyes in advance.
The night appeared bright.
Kiri: "......hya!"
I heard a scream.
Taichi: "Youko-chan, stop."
Youko: "......"
She didn't act surprised.
She'd probably noticed my approach.
Kiri: "......!"
Seeing an opening, Kiri moved.
Youko-chan released a stone.
Kiri: "--!"
With timing like that, nothing could be done.
The stone hit Kiri hard on the calf.
Kiri: "Gu!!"
She stooped over.
She held her leg and gritted her teeth. There should be a spasm of violent pain running through her.
Youko: "............"
She put a second stone in the belt.
With the tension in her wrist, she made a disk of afterimages. In an instant.
Kiri: "W-......wait......"
Kiri's face turned pale.
Kiri: "W-why are......you......?"
Youko: "Because you tried to kill Taichi."
Kiri: "!?"
Youko: "Because you've been practicing to kill Taichi."
Kiri: "......s-so......you're going to kill me......?"
Youko: "......"
Is she serious?
For now, there's no time to think.
I can only take the planned action.
Kiri: "Aaah......"
She increased the number of revolutions.
The moving air made a sharp sound.
The destructive power swelling up before my eyes made Kiri cower in fear.
The finality of death.
That wasn't something Kiri could believe.
That rotational force had already imparted enough motive energy to the stone.
Kiri: "S-stop......"
She held the crossbow in front of her face, sobbing.
This is Kiri's limit.
Taichi: "That's enough."
I stood in front of Kiri.
Kiri: "Eh......?"
The revolutions fell.
Youko: "If I leave that alive, Taichi will suffer more injuries."
Taichi: "What's so wrong about that?"
Taichi: "......isn't it fine?"
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "Let me do as I please."
Youko: "......no."
Taichi: "Youko-chan."
I said her name with force.
But she didn't seem to be backing down.
Does she still intend to kill Kiri?
I don't know.
Youko: "I'll take it."
Taichi: "You don't have to take it."
Youko: "Move."
Taichi: "I'm not moving."
Behind me, Kiri watched over us with her breath held.
The relief that she was alive, and the fact that I'd intervened were incompatible.
Youko: "But......"
I sensed hesitation.
Taichi: "I don't want to be used as a reason to kill people."
Taichi: "If you want to kill her then do it for your own reasons."
She flinched.
That might be an act.
Youko: "............but, for Taichi......I......"
For me.
She'll throw out my name and kill Kiri.
Without thinking that I'd be hurt as a result.
Taichi: "......you're always like that, pushing for your feelings and yours alone."
Taichi: "Even when I am in trouble---"
Youko-chan twisted her wrist.
Taichi: "......"
Kiri stuck out her head to hear our conversation.
I held my palm up in front of her face.
I thought the stone would hit my hand, but it missed and broke through the tree trunk behind me.
Kiri: "Kya!!?"
Taichi: "......"
......she missed.
So it was an act.
Is she helping me?
But why?
Youko-chan turned pale.
Youko: "Ah......sorry......forgive me......"
For a moment, she was confused.
But I continued as planned.
Taichi: "You betrayed me."
Youko: "......eh......umm......that was......"
Taichi: "You tried to take advantage of an opening during our conversation."
Taichi: "......again?"
Her shoulders shook.
Taichi: "You say I'm precious. You say that you love me. You push your good will onto me."
Taichi: "......and yet, at times like this, you betray me."
Taichi: "Again?"
Youko: "No, this was about......Taichi's safety......"
How inconsistent.
Just as I remember, when it comes to acting......she's really good.
We played all the parts, just the two of us, didn't we?
Now, make this go well.
I smiled on the inside.
Taichi: "Forget about that!"
She cowered like a young girl being yelled at.
........................
Youko-chan left.
She stealthily stole Kiri's weapons, and her will to resist.
Taichi: "........................"
Behind me, the emitter of the stress continued to release her aura.
I was conscious of it slowly becoming rage as I asked,
Taichi: "......are you hurt?"
Kiri: "Why?"
Her puzzlement and rage over being saved by me.
Her emotions fell apart, and she desperately suppressed her desire to scream out.
She had that sort of muffled voice.
Kiri: "Why......did you save me......?"
Taichi: "Well......even if you ask me why..."
Taichi: "I saved you because I wanted to. Is that wrong?"
Kiri: "Please don't make fun of me......"
Taichi: "......though I'm not doing that..."
Taichi: "Well, that's true. You wouldn't accept it."
Taichi: "Being saved by someone you hated."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Did you seriously intend to kill me?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "Seriously now..."
Kiri: "You're too dangerous."
Taichi: "Dangerous?"
Kiri: "You toy with people for fun."
Kiri: "In this situation, you don't change a bit!"
Suddenly, her voice became violent.
She soon lowered her tone.
Kiri: "......you kill people as a joke."
The atmosphere stagnated.
Hatred was mixing into it.
The hatred Kiri was spewing forth.
Taichi: "I won't kill anymore."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "I don't want to kill anymore."
Kiri: "What are you......?"
Taichi: "Kiri, even I know at least what I am."
Taichi: "I don't want to destroy anymore."
Taichi: "I don't want those memories."
Taichi: "That's why I'll fight."
Taichi: "I'll fight with myself."
Kiri: "........................"
Kiri: "Why......"
Kiri: "Why did you save me?"
Once more she started asking me.
Kiri: "You should've just watched me die."
Kiri: "You should know that I......see you as an enemy......"
Kiri: "You won't gain anything by saving me."
Taichi: "I'll gain something."
Taichi: "If Kiri lives and imparts some influence on my heart......that will be a gain."
Taichi: "Didn't we talk about that before?"
Kiri: "......ah......"
Taichi: "Also, if Kiri died, Miki would be sad."
Taichi: "That's not Kiri's true intention, right?"
Kiri: "......right."
Yes.
Kiri's just a little honest.
I simply have to not make fun of her needlessly.
Taichi: "Let's leave it at that. Kiri probably can't accept it that easily anyway."
Taichi: "But still, that was some amazing force."
The hole the stone dug in the tree.
It was completely buried inside.
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Now, let's go home."
Kiri: "Kurosu-sempai......I can't understand you anymore."
Taichi: "I see."
You're just being deceived.
For your own good.
Kiri will endlessly expect people to remain in their proper state.
Taichi: "Also, I think Youko-chan was serious about what she said."
Kiri: "?"
Kiri wiped her mouth and narrowed her eyebrows.
Taichi: "No more weapons. It's best not to have any."
Taichi: "If you break that rule, I think she'll seriously attack you."
Kiri: "............"
Her shoulders were shaking slightly.
From terror.
Taichi: "I think you'll be fine if you stay by me."
Taichi: "The best thing to do would be to stop showing hostility toward me."
Kiri: "......stop showing......hostility?"
Taichi: "That means to stay with me."
Kiri: "That's......"
Taichi: "You don't want to? But this is your only choice. I'll let you follow me around wherever."
Kiri: "May I ask you one thing?"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Kiri: "About Yutaka."
Taichi: "......aaah, that incident."
Taichi: "Do you have to ask it right now?"
Kiri: "......what do you mean? Is now a bad time?"
Taichi: "Wouldn't it be best to wait until Kiri's heart is calmer?"
Kiri: "I have calmed down......"
Taichi: "You don't look that way."
We became silent.
Kiri: "Umm......last week's guerilla campout......that was......?"
Taichi: "Aaah......that was so boring."
Taichi: "I forced it to occur, and worked to gather seven people by lying and cajoling......"
Taichi: "At some point the fault in that came out."
I smiled.
Kiri looked at me as if watching something heterogeneous.
Taichi: "We struck the tents in the worst possible mood."
Kiri: "......aren't you the one who planned that?"
Taichi: "Yes, I planned it."
Kiri: "In order to deepen everyone's wounds?"
Taichi: "No."
Taichi: "......I just...wanted to return to...our normal, casual days."
Kiri: "......I can't believe that."
Taichi: "I guess not."
Kiri: "But, I'll stop suspecting you."
Taichi: "Okay......thanks."
Taichi: "Now then, about that wound..."
Kiri: "Ah, I'm fine......don't touch me!"
Taichi: "If I don't touch you I won't know, so,"
Her calf.
It's swelling.
Taichi: "......internal bleeding. She hit a good spot."
Taichi: "It'll hurt to walk, but it's not life-threatening."
Taichi: "Anything else?"
Kiri: "My shoulder......"
Taichi: "Expose it."
Kiri: "!?"
Kiri: "You...you really are a beast......"
She held her shoulders and stepped back.
Taichi: "Hey, hey, I was kidding. Don't take it seriously."
Kiri: "Isn't that how......you sexually harass Miki and the others?"
Taichi: "About Miki...she does reject anything she seriously dislikes."
Taichi: "She'll punch me while smirking and saying something like, 'Don't do that!'"
Kiri: "......Miki would?"
Taichi: "And I don't use excessive force myself."
Taichi: "I am adjusting the borderline through various forms of contact, but isn't that what it means to hang out with people?"
Kiri: "......even sexual harassment......you can speak of it as if it's something beautiful......"
Taichi: "Kiri-chin just takes it too seriously."
Taichi: "I'm going to touch your shoulder."
Kiri: "Eh?......kya!"
I touched it lightly, and she felt pain.
Taichi: "......you got hit in a bad spot here."
Taichi: "How much does it hurt?"
Kiri: "......not much......I can move my arm......"
Taichi: "Hold it above your head."
She obeyed.
Taichi: "So nothing's wrong with the bone."
Kiri: "......Sempai just pushed too hard."
Taichi: "That wasn't hard at all."
Kiri: "......aren't all men that strong?......even Shima-sempai, despite having such slender arms, could carry a monitor by himself."
Taichi: "......he used to be in the Basketball Club......he can't run anymore, but his muscles haven't changed."
Taichi: "Well, put a compress on that."
Kiri: "......I understand."
Taichi: "Okay, then let's go home."
I stood up.
Taichi: "Come on, let's go."
She followed reluctantly.
Kiri: "Ow!"
Taichi: "So it does hurt?"
Kiri: "......please go on ahead. I can go home on my own."
Taichi: "Just hop on."
My back.
Kiri: "......th-that's okay!"
Taichi: "Hurry up."
Kiri: "I said that's okay!"
Taichi: "Youko-chan might still be here."
Kiri: "......even if she is......"
Taichi: "Okay. Then a Sempai's orders: Hurry up and let me carry you."
Kiri: "......th-that's...unfair."
Taichi: "Huuuryyy uuup."
Unwillingly,
Kiri climbed on my back.
Taichi: "I'll carry you to your house."
Kiri: "......that's going too far......aren't I heavy?"
Taichi: "You call this heavy? You must be joking."
She's strangely light.
I started walking.
The grass made a comfortable rustling sound as I stepped on it.
Taichi: "It's a nice night, don't you think?"
Kiri: "......dunno."
Taichi: "Friday, huh?"
Three days left until the world swings back.
Today as well, I'll do what I should do.
I saw Kiri near the front door.
In fact, she was approaching the threshold.
So that I could clearly see her.
It'd be best to say something.
Taichi: "How're your wounds doing?"
Kiri: "......they're fine. They do hurt a bit though."
Taichi: "You should be resting at home."
Kiri: "No, I'm not hurt that badly."
Taichi: "What about Miki?"
Kiri: "......she doesn't seem to be coming today."
Kiri: "She's getting nervous."
With her experience points back to zero, Miki had become fragile.
No, she'd returned to the original Miki.
......people have disappeared after all.
Taichi: "......she's not doing too well."
Kiri: "Yes......because she's forcing herself...in many ways."
Taichi: "It's pretty hot."
I looked up at the sun.
Taichi: "I'd like to go to the beach."
Taichi: "We went last year. Do you remember that?"
Kiri: "......yes."
Taichi: "That was fun. Though I'm sorry about Miki."
Kiri: "......yes."
The beach.
We didn't go this year.
There was no point in me going alone.
Three days remaining.
Will I be able to follow through without being controlled by my dark impulses?
I wanted something healthy.
I wanted it very much.
Taichi: "Shall we go to the beach?"
Kiri: "......eh? The beach?"
Taichi: "I'll invite Miki too. The three of us can go."
Kiri: "......Miki too......"
Taichi: "Okay, let's go!"
Kiri: "D-don't just......"
I took her hand.
Kiri: "Kya?"
Taichi: "Let's go invite Miki."
Kiri: "But, I don't have a swimsuit with me."
Taichi: "There should be some in the variety store next to Miki's housing complex."
Kiri: "What about my opinion-"
Taichi: "I did save your life, so come with me on at least one date."
Kiri: "A...date!?"
Taichi: "A date with a flower in each hand."
Kiri: "......th-that would be......"
Taichi: "It's fine, it's fine, so go!"
Kiri: "Ah, wait, Sempai......!"
It was somewhat forceful.
And then,
I pulled out a Miki that had become thin and neurotic,
Got together the necessary things at Atomic Goods,
Procured a car,
And headed for the beach.
Taichi: "Okay, now this is the beach!"
A cool pose.
Taichi: "And!"
Miki: "......uuu."
Kiri: "......muu."
Taichi: "Aaah, good, that's good!"
Mine was a reserved pubescent body which might pass as an actor's.
Miki: "Somehow......I feel like we're being watched."
Kiri: "I feel that too......"
Miki: "If something happens, protect me."
Kiri: "Sorry, that might be impossible."
As I struck poses like a bodybuilder, I think I appeared to be in my downfall.
Taichi: "Then let's play."
Miki: "Aaah, aaah, aaah, Kiri-chin, the ball hurts, the ball!"
Kiri: "I can't, can't, I said I can't!"
Taichi: "Sora! I'll make your hair wet!"
Kiri: "Stooop!"
Miki: "Aaah, the ball's coming down!"
Kiri: "I said it's impossible!"
Taichi: "Uwa!!"
Kiri: "Ah, there......ei!"
Miki: "Oooh, you're good!"
Taichi: "Aaah! Wh-wh-whoa!"
Taichi: "Dowaa!!?"
Kiri: "......hu!"
Miki: "Ahahahaha, Sempai fell over twice in a row."
Taichi: "Aaah, you got me."
Taichi: "Your side's serving."
Miki: "Oookay, here I gooo! Teaaah!"
Taichi: "Shot down!"
Miki: "Ah, you're good."
Kiri: "Leave it to me......there!"
Taichi: "Oh, not bad!"
Kiri: "It's two against one, so we can't lose."
Taichi: "If I can receive it regularly..."
Miki: "Precision shot."
Taichi: "Wabu!"
Miki: "It's a hiiit!"
Taichi: "Huh? How much damage did that cause?"
Kiri: "......three HP left."
Taichi: "Yikes......"
Kiri: "Okay, here comes the serve."
Taichi: "Oooh, bring it on!"
Miki: "Pyuuu."
Taichi: "Hey, hey, we're not supposed to take damage until the first group receives!"
Miki: "Eeeh? I didn't shoot you. I just said I did."
Taichi: "That's not fair!"
Taichi: "There, I received it! Begin attack!"
Miki: "And, boing."
Taichi: "Damn! I missed!"
Kiri: "Sooore!!"
Taichi: "Ah, not a good course......"
Miki: "Kiri-chin, a combination attack!"
Kiri: "Okay!"
Taichi: "Wa! Wa! Wa!......Sorya!"
Miki: "Uuaaa, he dodged them all!"
Kiri: "......like a monkey."
Taichi: "Now it's my turn! Hey, if I receive then you lose the right to attack."
Miki: "Ah, I'm sorry."
Taichi: "Once I receive, I get to attack! Seyaaa! Root 'em out!"
Kiri: "Kya! Wait, Sempai! That won't be accepted as an effective hit with such rainy water."
Taichi: "Mu......the batteries have died......I think."
Miki: "Hu! Hu! Huuu, once we've both attacked we can attack again!"
Taichi: "......heeey, I can't agree to that much of a handicap!"
Taichi: "Even if you can't attack, a pure and simple relay is enough!"
Miki: "......so?"
Kiri: "He's strong."
Miki: "Yes, incredibly strong. He's always been that way."
Kiri: "But his energy is hollow."
Miki: "Yes, he's just showing off."
Taichi: "Hey now, don't badmouth someone in front of their face!"
Miki: "If you stop, you get sniped!"
Kiri: "Sniiipe!"
Taichi: "Uwaaa!!"
Miki: "A win for the Mikiri Team!"
Kiri: "......okay!"
We enjoyed our high level play which combined beach volleyball and survival games.
And then lunch.
Taichi: "Fuiii......it's tiring when the whole sea is the field."
Miki: "Same for Miki."
Kiri: "I'm back."
Kiri returned.
Kiri: "It had running gas in it, so I used a small fire."
Miki: "Is it really okay to use that beach house?"
Taichi: "In this day and age, it's perfectly fine."
Miki: "......aaah, I don't want to think about that much."
Kiri: "Sempai, please don't harass my Miki!"
Taichi: "......she's yours?"
Kiri: "Yes she is. I won't give her to you."
Taichi: "Half of her is mine!"
Miki: "......my body's being partitioned like a defeated nation......"
Kiri: "I won't accept that."
Taichi: "Give her here."
Miki: "Waaan! That hurts..."
Kiri: "......ah."
Taichi: "Yaaay, miiine."
Miki: "No, Sempai, that was Kiri-chin's win."
Taichi: "Why!? Didn't I win by pulling harder?"
Miki: "Kiri-chin let go when she saw the child in pain from being pulled in both directions......that kindness is the love of a true parent."
Taichi: "Gaaan!"
Miki: "Which means it's Kiri-chin's win."
Kiri: "......which doesn't matter, so can we eat now? The food's getting cold."
Taichi: "Even so, it's just cup ramen, canned food and rice cakes..."
Kiri: "Please don't speak of luxury. This is perfectly fine food."
Miki: "Ramen makes it feel like a beach house."
Taichi: "That's true."
Miki: "Ah, by the way Kiri, what about that?"
Kiri: "Nn?"
Miki: "Ummm, weeell..."
She glanced at me.
Taichi: "Is it something you don't want me to hear? Or is one of you confessing to me?"
Both of them: "We aren't."
Taichi: "......that chorus irritates me."
Taichi: "So should I move?"
Miki: "Ah, that's fine."
Miki: "......nyan."
She mewed.
Kiri: "Miii."
Miki: "Goro-nyaaa-goro."
Kiri: "......nyaa, nyaa."
Miki: "Nya!"
Kiri: "Naaago!"
Kiri: "Nyan-nyaka-nyan!"
Miki: "Nyaaan......"
Kiri: "......uunya?"
Miki: "Naan......"
Taichi: "C-catspeak?"
Miki and Kiri were mewing 'nyaa, nyaa' at each other.
Taichi: "Ha, hawawa......scary..."
Before long,
Miki: "I see. So the day ended quickly."
She folded her arms and nodded.
Kiri: "......heeey, don't say it."
Miki: "Ah, sorry."
Taichi: "Were you actually talking just now?"
Have the beautiful virgin girls constructed an independent language system!?
Taichi: "T-tell me too."
Miki: "......not possible."
Taichi: "Why not?"
Kiri: "......Sempai isn't cat-like."
Taichi: "I'm incredibly cat-like!"
Miki: "Eeeh? How sooo?"
Taichi: "Just look."
I covered my eyes.
*click*---
Taichi: "See, my eyes glow in the dark!"
The beach house we were in was a bit dark.
Miki: "Waaa, that takes me back! Hey, hey, Kiri-chin, isn't that what I said?"
Kiri: "It's true......they're shining."
Taichi: "I say I have the right."
Miki: "......mysterious."
Kiri: "Are those contacts?"
Taichi: "Nope. Natural. And I can change it at will."
I closed my eyes.
*click*---
Taichi: "Normal Mode."
Miki: "Uuoooh, that's cool."
Kiri: "Cool......are you sure?"
Miki: "You can see with those in dark places, right?"
Taichi: "Yep. My night vision is great."
Kiri: "Like a cat."
Taichi: "Somehow, I ended up with a few catlike abnormalities. That's what the doctor said."
Taichi: "If I hadn't been careful I might have gone blind in my youth."
Kiri: "......is that so..."
Miki: "Ah, bathroom......"
*tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap*
Taichi: "......me too."
*grab!*
Taichi: "Uuo!?"
Kiri: "............you mustn't peep."
Taichi: "Damn!"
........................
Taichi: "Still, Miki seems well."
Kiri: "......she needed a breather."
Taichi: "It's not that Miki's lost her emotions or anything."
Taichi: "She's not unemployed after all, so she's not that different from a normal healthy person."
Taichi: "I think she actually is managing to endure people being gone."
Kiri: "......that's not something we can do anything about."
Taichi: "Is Kiri lonely?"
Kiri: "......I'm......I'm not sure."
Kiri: "The malice is gone, but......but..."
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "That's right. Our hearts are first formed by pressure from the other humans around us. That's why this is......it really is bad."
Taichi: "Quite the dilemma."
Taichi: "Without hearts, people are beasts. But......hearts come with a lot of problems."
Taichi: "Human hearts are too delicate."
Kiri: "......we should have just lived normally."
Kiri: "But......being pushed deep into these mountains......it's like we're at fault."
Taichi: "......well, that can't be helped."
Taichi: "Since some people that can hurt others got out."
Kiri: "......that is true, but..."
Taichi: "But, Kiri's a good girl."
Kiri: "......goho!!"
Kiri: "D-don't say that so suddenly......"
Taichi: "Kiri's head seems to be getting soft."
Kiri held her head.
Kiri: "Eh?......Is that so?"
Taichi: "May I touch it?"
Kiri: "......please don't touch it in a perverted way."
Kiri: "I'll know if you do."
Will you now?
I rubbed her head.
Taichi: "......it's not fluffy...but foofy."
Kiri: "......I don't understand the difference......"
Taichi: "Well, anyway, do your best!"
Kiri: "Eh?......At what?"
Taichi: "The world may be filled with malice, but there's sure to be a place in it for Kiri as well."
Taichi: "......there's no need to forcefully take it with weapons."
Kiri: "???"
Miki: "Aaah, you're doing something that makes you look close!"
Taichi: "We are close."
I embraced her.
Kiri: "Kyo!?"
Kyo?
Miki: "Jealousy!!"
She kicked and screamed.
Miki: "That's a complicated double jealousy!!"
She continued with the kicking and screaming.
And then flew out.
Taichi: "Wa!!"
Kiri: "Wa!!"
Miki: "Goro-nyaaago♪"
As she rolled around, she came closer to me.
Taichi: "If you stick too close I'll get excited, so stop that......"
Miki: "Stick, stick."
Taichi: "Hey, hey."
Miki: "Lick, lick."
Taichi: "Stooop!"
Kiri: "Cease!!!"
Taichi: "Aaah, too late......"
Here it is!
Kiri: "Gyaaa!?"
Miki: "T-transformation!?"
Kiri: "Nooooooo!!"
Miki: "Myaaaaaaaa!!"
Taichi: "......y-you're the ones that erected this five story tower! Take responsibility!! You didn't even use a single nail in its construction!!!!"
Miki: "That was fuuun!"
Taichi: "Yep. Let's go again."
Miki: "Yes!"
She appeared to be back in high spirits.
Taichi: "Aaah, those photos we took today, how long will they take to develop?"
Miki: "Do you want them quickly?"
Taichi: "Yeah. Tomorrow night if possible."
Miki: "Fast......then, I'll develop them at school, and give them to you there."
Taichi: "Thanks. See you."
Kiri: "Bye-bye."
Miki: "Bye-byeee!"
Miki ran off in the direction of her housing complex.
Taichi: "I'll walk Kiri home."
Kiri: "......thanks."
Taichi: "Nnn, I'm hungryyy..."
Kiri: "Do you have food?"
Taichi: "Yeah, I do, I do. Tomoki leaves a bunch of boxes."
Kiri: "......umm......could you come by?"
Taichi: "Eh?"
Kiri: "My place. I'll prepare dinner."
Taichi: "That's pretty good service."
Kiri: "......umm, there's something I want to talk about."
Taichi: "Something I want to hear?"
Kiri's breathing halted for a moment.
Kiri: "......yes, it is."
Kiri: "I want to ask you about Yutaka."
Kiri: "I want to settle it......if I don't, I won't know......what feelings I have toward you."
Taichi: "I see. Nnn..."
No, Friday is too soon.
Taichi: "Then can we do that tomorrow?"
Kiri: "Tomorrow?"
Taichi: "I'll talk about all of it. Lunchtime is fine too, so come tomorrow."
Yes, all of it.
Honestly.
Kiri: "I understand."
Taichi: "To school I mean."
Kiri: "Okay, Kurosu-sempai."
Well-mannered. Kiri-like.
She straightened her back.
Kiri: "Thank you for today. I'll be going now."
As if she was in some sports club.
Taichi: "Okay, bye-bye."
We parted---
Saturday.
......one day left.
There's one day left.
I looked in the classroom, and only Miki was there.
Taichi: "Where's Kiri?"
Miki: "Ah, good morning. Kiri-chin isn't here yet."
Taichi: "I see."
Taichi: "Did the photos come out?"
Miki: "I was about to start developing them."
Miki: "It'll be five thousand yen per print."
Taichi: "Expensive!"
Miki: "Ah, let's eat lunch with everyone."
Taichi: "Yeah."
We decided to wait.
........................
It became midday.
Taichi: "......y-you're both slow!!"
I'm hungryyy...
Maybe I'll go eat by myself.
I had rice balls today.
There were seasonings on them, so they appeared quite delicious.
Kiri: "Good morning, Kurosu-sempai."
Taichi: "......you're late."
Kiri: "Eh?......Didn't Kurosu-sempai say lunchtime was fine?"
Taichi: "Did I now?"
I have a feeling I did......
Kiri: "I've come to talk to you."
Taichi: "Well, for now let's eat."
Taichi: "Come on, I've got enough for two."
Kiri: "Okay......then, I'll eat......"
Taichi: "And so will I."
*munch* *munch*
Taichi: "How are things with Youko-chan? Did she do anything disagreeable to you?"
Kiri: "......"
Taichi: "Did she?"
Kiri: "......when I left my house...on my door......"
Taichi: "On your door?"
Kiri: "......'sow'...was written in graffiti."
Taichi: "Is she a child......?"
Taichi: "Was that all?"
Kiri: "For now."
Taichi: "Well, if she's not coming after you then nothing more should happen."
Kiri: "......why is she so good with a sling?"
Kiri: "It's just strange..."
Taichi: "For the most part, she's good at everything."
Taichi: "What she can do is fundamentally different."
Kiri: "Does she receive special training?"
Taichi: "Aaah, she used to. She had some kind of long vacation where she went to some foreign country and hired a military instructor on the spot."
Kiri: "Military......!?"
She was lost for words.
Taichi: "Maybe she learned the sling then. She might have even learned it from a real shepherd."
Taichi: "Does it still hurt?"
Kiri: "......a little."
Taichi: "She's piled up a lot."
Taichi: "I'm sure she's done many, many other things too."
Taichi: "It feels like she uses most of her life as self-training."
Taichi: "I talk like I'm a martial artist too, but I'm no match for her."
Kiri: "You were doing martial arts?"
It was good of her to ask.
Taichi: "It's called karade."
Kiri: "......I don't know that."
Taichi: "Eh!?"
Kiri: "Is that a spinoff of karate?"
Taichi: "......guu."
I desperately resisted screaming.
This is the first time I'd stayed quiet when it was compared to karate.
Taichi: "Kiri-kun......if you were attacked by aliens, I'm the only one who'd be able to save you."
Kiri: "Are there any aliens?"
Taichi: "That's a trivial matter. You're missing the point."
Taichi: "Also, she can probably use firearms too."
Kiri's eyes flew open.
Maybe I returned to the subject too quickly?
Taichi: "As for martial arts, if you got into a grapple, I think you'd be killed in an instant. She knows a lot of moves, and she bought a really expensive knife recently."
Kiri: "......that's......to think of killing someone......for any reason......"
Taichi: "Weren't you trying to kill me?"
I poked her cheek.
Kiri: "......koho! Keho!!!"
Kiri: "I-I had no such clear murderous intent!!!"
Taichi: "It's fine, it's fine. I'm generous so I'll forgive you."
Taichi: "I think it's only natural for you to dislike me."
Kiri: "......"
Kiri: "I don't understand anymore......honestly."
Kiri: "You saved my life, and now that I can't do anything, I can't help being in this situation."
Kiri: "But......that's different from......Sempai now......well......I can't say it well, but......I get the feeling, you're trying desperately hard......"
Taichi: "......you really do have good eyes..."
Taichi: "Work in human resources in the future."
I hit her on the shoulders.
Kiri: "......before, you had a rather unpleasant feeling, I guess you could call it hedonistic, but......"
Kiri: "I think the current Sempai is somehow different."
My, my, this has gotten pretty serious.
Taichi: "......weeell, I can't fail after all."
I scratched my head.
Taichi: "If I was going to be reset, then I'd have a stronger will to live hedonistically."
Kiri's eyebrows moved faintly at the word 'reset.'
Taichi: "......that sort of thing exhausts me."
Taichi: "Even my heart is like that."
Taichi: "I do hate myself."
Kiri: "......hate yourself?"
Taichi: "For a reason similar to what Kiricchi feels."
Kiri: "That's......"
Taichi: "But I've found just one means of resolving it. Although, it is a last resort..."
Taichi: "......for that reason......in the end......I ...everyone......"
I looked at the sky.
A blue sky that seemed about to go away.
Kiri: "......ummm, Yutaka---"
Yutaka, huh...
That's a hard thing to answer.
Taichi: "Well, let's keep up the friendly fighting."
I cut her off and held out my right hand.
Kiri: "......o-okay."
Flustered, Kiri held out her right hand.
Handshake.
A handshake is proof of peace.
Taichi: "Now for a party celebrating the cease fire."
Miki: "Procurement completed!"
Miki: "......huuuh?"
Taichi: "Good work."
Miki: "You're already eating......and that looks delicious."
Taichi: "I invited her."
Miki: "......liarrr......and I developed these for you, Sempai."
Taichi: "Nice job!"
Miki: "Uuooo!"
Miki roared over this bitter betrayal.
Miki: "Then, what am I going to do with all this food?"
Miki poured out the contents of her tote bag on the desk.
It formed a mountain, spilling off the edges of the desk.
Taichi: "Not so much food as sweets."
This girl is seriously...
Miki: "Tehe!"
Kiri: "......what about canned food?"
Miki: "It's all gone."
Taichi: "Hmmm. Having sweets for lunch......that seems harsh."
Miki: "Is that so?"
Taichi: "It's bad for your health."
Miki: "But Miki loves sweets."
Kiri: "I'm already full myself, so..."
Taichi: "Sorry, so am I."
Miki: "......eeeh?"
Miki: "Then I'll eat these myself."
She took offense.
Kiri: "......you'll get fat."
Miki: "......"
Miki: "Even if I'm fat, I'll still love sweets."
She started eating some potato chips.
That's an especially bad product for your beauty, you know.
Taichi: "Doesn't it bother you on the inside?"
Miki: "But, buuut!"
Kiri: "Don't cry......"
Taichi: "Come on, I'll give you this rice ball."
Its size is intended for an adult male, so for Miki-chin it should be just about right.
It wasn't really enough for me, but......whatever.
Miki: "Aaaaah, handmade fooooood."
She clung to the sleeve of the hand holding the rice ball.
Taichi: "Do you want it? Mmm?"
I held it up high.
Miki: "Ah! I want it..."
Taichi: "Here now, here now."
To the right.
Miki: "Aaauuu..."
Taichi: "Uriuri."
To the left.
Miki: "Uuuaaa..."
Kiri: "......you're harassing her."
Taichi: "......here now."
Miki: "Aaah, delishus!"
She started biting into it.
Leaving the mountain of sweets.
Taichi: "......those are......unsettling eating habits......for a girl. Is it always like this?"
Kiri: "It's normally canned food or bread."
Taichi: "Eat vegetables."
Kiri: "There aren't any."
Taichi: "Here, tomatoes. I've got two of them."
Miki: "Aaaaah, tomatoeees..."
Taichi: "Mmm? Do you want one?"
Miki: "I want one!"
Taichi: "Here now, here now."
To the right.
Miki: "Aaauuu..."
Taichi: "Uriuri."
To the left.
Miki: "Uuuaaa..."
Kiri: "............as I thought, this person......is just a bully."
Taichi: *sigh*
Kiri: "Nnnnnnn."
Miki: "Souuur."
Kiri: "But delicious......"
Miki: "I'm gonna cry."
Kiri: "It's nice to be alive."
Miki: "Nyauuu."
While watching Miki's and Kiri's mouths turn into a 『＊』 shape as they ate the tomatoes, I quenched my throat with a water bottle.
Taichi: "............"
She's watching, she's watching.
This person is really......
Just a lump of jealousy......
Showing herself to me as if I'm doing something to bother her......must be an intentional hint.
Miki: "What's happened?"
Taichi: "Well......we're just being watched with Ichihara-style intelligence gathering."
Miki: "Ichihara?"
Taichi: "Espionage techniques passed down through an incredibly skilled group led by E. Ichihara."
Miki: "?"
Kiri: "Kyaaaaa!!?"
Apparently Kiri saw her too.
Kiri: "Sempai! Se! Sempa......ah, that, that......"
Taichi: "It's okay, I'm right next to you."
Kiri: "......o-okay......"
Miki: "Eh? Eh?"
Kiri: "Wh-what......?"
Kiri pointed. Miki said, "Wha-?" and looked.
Youko-chan was gone.
Miki: "......eh? There's nothing there...what happened?"
Kiri: "J-just now I'm sure I......Sempai?"
Taichi: "The Shimura Phenomenon. Miki can no longer physically observe Youko-chan."
*Shimura Phenomenon = Taichi physics. A kind of observational problem found within stable, specific situations. That which someone can and cannot see is fixed as a personal attribute. Those attributes are often destroyed due to a major change within the situation.
Kiri: "......ku!"
Kiri was stressed half to death.
Taichi: "It's fine, it's fine. She's just intimidating you."
Taichi: "Ignore her, ignore."
Kiri: "Okay......I'll do my best. I'm good at ignoring."
The way it's said her, ignoring is vague. Adding people would be more Kiri like, and concise.
Miki: "Now for after-meal sweeeets!"
So you are going to eat them after all?
Kiri: "Umm......Kurosu-sempai."
Taichi: "What?"
Kiri: "You're crying......"
Taichi: "Don't worry about that!"
Kiri: "It does worry me......"
Taichi: "It's an act. Don't be fooled. Just as robots don't have human hearts, neither does Michael......I mean neither does she have a heart."
Youko: "........................"
Hmmm, her eyes hurt.
And then, time for a dialogue with Kiri.
As I feared, she approached me with it after Miki flew out.
Taichi: "Now then..."
Kiri: "Ah, then please let me go to the bathroom."
Taichi: "Nn? I'm also going there."
Taichi: ......*sigh*
The crucial moment.
I have to earn her trust.
Youko: "Taichi."
Taichi: "......you again?"
Taichi: "You're kinda cooperative."
Youko: "Am I?"
Taichi: "You came to make sure I didn't go to the other bathroom, right?"
Youko: "......yes."
How honest.
Taichi: "Don't you dislike the idea of Kiri and I reconciling?"
Youko: "I think what you're doing is hopeless."
Youko: "But, if that is your wish......it can't be helped."
Is that right?
Is that her true intention?
Youko: "She seems to be taking her time, so stay here for another five minutes."
Taichi: "......I won't go there."
Taichi: "After preserving my stability this long, I don't want to let it go to waste."
Taichi: "Besides......I'd prefer not to be grenaded."
Youko: "......"
She smirked.
The original Hasekura Youko, who she only occasionally showed me.
Can a human this lurid be born?
Taichi: "I can't help being anxious if I don't say this, so I'm sorry but,"
Youko: "......don't interfere, right?"
Taichi: "Yeah, sorry."
Youko: "I won't. I'll cooperate as needed."
Taichi: "......I see."
Youko: "I hope you can obtain those memories, Taichi."
She erased her form.
And her presence.
She rubbed out her very existence.
A single walking skill materializes preternaturality.
You're not human any more---
To the first year classroom.
Deep breaths.
Now I'll fool her!
And then---
Kiri: "......I've been waiting."
Taichi: "Yeah."
I stood still.
The distance between us...
I won't shorten it right now.
Because Kiri might reject me.
Kiri: "First, a little from me."
Kiri: "I've thought that you were a filthy murderer."
Taichi: "......"
Kiri: "That you...killed Yutaka."
Quiet facial features.
Kiri: "I looked at the roof on the day Yutaka died."
Kiri: "And I saw Sempai talking to Yutaka."
Taichi: "............"
Don't freeze, rationality.
......animal passions, go and sink.
Kiri: "And then Yutaka died."
Kiri: "I didn't notice at first. But afterward......on the roof, you......"
So it's about that.
Kiri: "That's why I didn't want to become involved with you."
Kiri: "But you got yourself involved with me."
There was hesitation in Kiri's eyes.
Kiri: "......and then I thought, that maybe......you... ......eat people's hearts."
Taichi: "Hmm."
Taichi: "......destroying people's hearts, to fulfill my longings......something like that?"
Kiri: "......that's right."
Eyes shaking anxiously.
Kiri: "Also......the eyes you look at me with."
Kiri: "At the time they made me shiver."
Taichi: "Yeah......they would do that."
A sharp girl.
Thus, it's hard for her to live in a world with normal people.
Her heart would be polluted immediately.
That sharpness chased this girl into Gunjou.
Kiri: "But, I don't know about the current you. Your true nature......no, I don't know what sort of state Sempai is in now......"
Kiri: "Maybe......maybe the current you is......"
Her hand hung down, out of the window.
Kiri: "......but this is the only thing I can do......"
She pulled up,
A cloth-wrapped bundle.
When she took off the cloth,
Kiri: "I'm sorry. It's okay if you choose to hate me."
Kiri: "So, please tell me the truth."
Taichi: "......"
Youko-chan, please don't move on this.
I prayed painfully.
Taichi: "Speaking from the conclusion, it's fine if you pull the trigger. You have that right, Kiri."
I'll accept it.
Because I'm trying to eat Kiri again.
I'll pay the price.
Now, Kiri, I've bet my life.
Come at me with all your might, Kouhai.
Taichi: "Yutaka's death...was a suicide."
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "But I was the cause."
An infinite silence.
Not long after,
Kiri: "......please continue."
First stage cleared, I guess.
Taichi: "It'll be a long story."
Kiri: "Tell it, Sempai."
Kiri: "And, please release me."
Hostility? Or forgiveness?
Approaching one of them.
Kiri's heart probably can't take both of them.
I moistened my throat with saliva and began talking.
Taichi: "A long time ago, there was a family called the Hasekuras."
Taichi: "They had a big house. A Western style mansion. I think it was at least ten times as big as the Kirihara's."
Taichi: "They were huge millionaires."
Taichi: "I......my mother died when I was young, and I got picked up by them."
Taichi: "I lived and worked there, for a husband and wife who were distant relatives of my mother."
Taichi: "It was a house of old customs."
Taichi: "The children of servants were also servants."
Taichi: "Since I was a child, my role was something like playing with the children of the house."
Taichi: "Youko-chan was their youngest daughter."
......
............
........................
She was always alone.
She didn't try to interact with anyone, family or servant.
Oh august you---
I called her that inside my mind.
I'd never exchanged words with her.
It'd been bugging me.
I didn't know what sort of people maintained the mansion, or what particulars brought it to this state of being.
But that place was like a paradise separated from the flow of time.
The people who lived here were all outside the norm.
At times, I was beckoned by her, and was treated to sweet drinks.
Clothing accessories, enjoying tea, beckoning people, taking a stroll.
Every month a large number of academic books, clothes and luxury items came to her.
A vast garden.
There were people called gardeners.
Even considering that the land was cheap and remote, it was expansive.
To me, that mansion was none other than a boundless world.
Actually, I have no memories from before the mansion period.
The world and the mansion were the same size.
At some point, it seems the ladies took a liking to me.
About me having a face like a girl.
And because of the mysterious pattern drawn in my eyes one could see from up close, I didn't bore them.
I was made to wear a dress (a particularly gaudy one) like that a girl would wear.
And then the tea parties.
A child couldn't discern the flavor of tea.
But I played along.
Against people as sweet as sugar snacks, there was no choice but to obey.
......and I didn't dislike it.
I was bored, but it was easy.
Like that, I was separated from my business of being a toy who was ridden and had his hair pulled by the young children, and I entered the new business of working as a doll.
She......august you, looked at me with an indifferent gaze.
No, she didn't even look at me.
She seemed uninterested, as her gaze always passed me by.
Hasekura Youko.
The youngest daughter.
There was no sign of her being adored by her family.
In fact, she was being neglected.
She certainly had been living in a different world from the ladies who resided in fantasies.
......in the world called reality.
Once, there was a time when I was chased out by the housecleaning laborers.
That was before I was introduced to being a doll.
I participated in the servants' duties.
Perhaps because it was their policy not to use anyone outside the mansion, they used many borrowed hands.
While inserting tea breaks every hour from ten to three, I cleaned all the rooms in order.
By evening I reached her room.
I heard her voice for the first time.
Youko: 『......here is fine.』
Short and blunt.
Functional.
But, it was enchanting.
I glanced inside her room, but I couldn't really think of it as hers.
A number of personal computers.
All four walls covered up by bookshelves, and so many academic books that many of them were piled up on the floor.
A heavy work bench and new tools.
Miscellaneous knowledge and skills completely buried that large private room, making me associate it with a secret base.
It's true that those with unique heterogeneity live in different worlds.
There was a time when I'd asked about Hasekura Youko while wearing beautiful wardrobe and speaking like a girl at a tea party.
A quiet old lady answered.
That she's the daughter of the youngest son.
A young and cheerful lady answered.
That she was an unwanted daughter.
The three clamorous sisters twittered.
The whole story of the secret love between one of the young husbands and a rather young servant.
The burden of a daughter who didn't know love and grew attached to no one, and her likely tragic conclusion.
Though she has Hasekura blood she isn't one of the Hasekuras. They lamented that stain.
The point being that she was a taboo child.
There was no one who spoke to her, and she never spoke to anyone.
She was a blemish.
It seems that her real father, that 'young husband' person, had left to study abroad.
Her mother, the servant......was dead.
A girl who can't become anyone.
A girl who isn't desired by anyone.
Is she hurt?
No, she isn't hurt.
Hasekura Youko was strong.
She didn't take it to heart.
I think she probably had noticed.
The world was a miniature garden.
........................
During my life as a doll, I passed through the library.
I might have been influenced by her.
I had learned about etiquette and tea from the ladies.
However, wisdom and skill and truth were not there.
To make up for that, I went to the library that few used.
I often met Youko-chan there.
As before, no conversation.
Since it had somehow become a habit, I never approached her.
I had thought that she was agreeable, but I didn't wish to become friends with her.
It seems that my aesthetic inclination was established around this time.
How should I say it......I was captivated by things which were independent.
Captivated by things which live independently, and by strength.
Whether it's knowledge or skill, there is that side of things.
People gather.
They long to gather.
And at the same time, they try to preserve a sanctuary.
They desire an unencroached place just for them.
However, contacting people makes the boundary line waver.
Territory lessens and increases.
Displeasure.
Contradiction.
From the general sense of values, a lone hero is preferred to a thousand stately troops.
A sole absolute entity. A hero.
What people wish for.
It's nothing more than a wish in the form of admiration.
Do you want to live alone? Or in the crowd?......People can answer 'yes' to either one of those.
But I digress.
In the library, I read the books she read.
Because I admired her.
Or perhaps I was envious of how perfect she was.
The contents of the books were too high-level, so I didn't understand much.
But I continued reading.
Hundreds of, not meetings, but passings by, in the library.
We continued to coexist in that space without one conversation.
That period continued for a few years.
Then,
That which brought breakdown to paradise.
Because this was humanity's first paradise, it was thought of as unavoidable Providence.
Concretely speaking, it was the radical decline of the Mr. Hasekura who owned the mansion.
It was the beginning of the tragedy.
The graceful Hasekuras all disappeared.
The servants were left behind.
In Hasekura's place entered a newly rich upstart and his relatives by blood and marriage.
They were wild people.
Young and old, men and women, all came together.
Each one held the nature of rotten clam meat.
Within three days, one of the servants was assaulted.
It became an incident.
But this was a miniature garden.
A closed space.
It produced its own order.
Being enclosed in extensive mansion grounds was close to being extraterritorial.
What sort of banquets took place on those days?
There was one room of the mansion that had been used as a hall for evening parties.
The Hasekura people loved small parties, so it was used a lot.
The wild people held different evening parties here.
Without elegant conversation or fine quality cooking.
Instead, they were filled with depravity and decadence.
......I'm sure there were many victims.
For instance, there was a young servant and his wife.
The wife was gang raped.
No,
She was continually gang raped.
Her body was filled with holes through many and varied means, and she was made to obey.
The husband resisted.
He tried to save his wife by contacting the police.
The police didn't come to intervene.
They probably felt it'd be too much trouble.
They probably weren't bribed or anything.
But they could have bribed them at any time, if they ever felt like it.
I tried looking up this mansion on the internet.
There were innumerable crimes like this overlooked by the police.
When a private citizen's awareness of their own rights enlarged, it was no longer possible to simply say, 'Hey, stop!' and intervene.
There were an increasing number of people who would scream bloody murder over trivial mistakes.
So it's best not to move.
Although it's negligent,
As an organization of incomplete people, I think this was their limit.
Although sincerity is needed,
To save oneself, there are only one's own capabilities.
......when I thought that, I could control my temper.
As long as they don't cause any real damage, I could control my temper despite other people's bungling and shallow judgment.
It became such that I was entrusting a part of my heart to other people.
But that's normal.
Being normal is,
To leave your person within unjust and incomplete rules as a result of people's limits.
......it wasn't meant to be a gentle cradle.
And in this closed space, normal logic grew hazy.
It's easy for one's daily life to change into wild things.
To stand and face that, one needs a firm ego.
One needs an unwavering system for oneself.
......like hers.
Now then,
The wife was made into a plaything, made pregnant and made to get an abortion.
Many ways by which the men could be pleased were beaten into her body.
She stopped smiling.
She stopped participating in the servants' duties.
She was prohibited from wearing clothing, and she obeyed.
She was engraved with tattoos.
Obscene tattoos.
They pointed to her genitalia, showing that her husband no longer possessed her.
The wild people were competent in that aspect.
Her heart gradually sunk.
Her husband employed his last-ditch method.
He ran away with his wife.
He was too slow.
He and his wife were brought back in three days.
They'd been betting on when the husband would snap.
The husband was killed.
Next to his wife being gang raped.
His corpse was buried in the garden.
The men buried him at the foot of a sakura tree while roaring with laughter.
Well, they were a group with broken logic.
At some point, one of the men brought his family here.
The introduction of new characters. He was a pedophile.
He was equipped with the two settings of fencer and sadist.
Since he was a sadist, I called him S.
I caught S' eye.
I was once again forced into girl's clothes and made to participate in the evening parties.
This time, not for tea, but for S' desires.
S also liked being done by others.
I, who was like a young girl, was made the partner of this man.
The better half of those who did it, did it half as a joke.
Every so often one of them would awaken. (lol)
Whatever mean things were done at the evening parties, they made a point of standing out.
Something not unlike elementary school bullying took place there.
Well, that's what group psychology is.
All things are sure to have merits and demerits.
It surpassed one-sided good and evil.
Eventually, S' sadism escalated.
He brought another child.
S' son.
He'd been a bully in his school......I think.
He looked at me, and for a moment I was pressured by an atmosphere of promiscuity, then he scoffed at me.
Because of abnormal excitement?
As was demanded of him, though in fact of his own volition, he participated.
He soon began to show a talent that could make one's blood run cold.
It must have been partly because of his precociously thorough knowledge.
He soon became mad.
Everyone laughed at me.
Weeks passed as I was laughed at.
I continued receiving their attacks.
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "From here on, it'll get a bit painful."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Her voice was disgusted.
Kiri: "That part wasn't painful?"
Taichi: "Not that much."
Kiri: "Sempai......then......"
Taichi: "That's what destroyed me."
Kiri: "No......"
Taichi: "Well, forget about me. This is about Yutaka."
Kiri: "O...kay......"
She wiped her tears.
Taichi: "S' son was......well......"
There's no point in coating my words.
Taichi: "Nnn......he was Yutaka."
Kiri: "........................"
It stopped.
Her hand stopped shaking altogether.
Of course, it wasn't that she'd calmed down.
She lost a pitiful amount of color.
She was gazing right at me.
Kiri: "......wh-what are you saying......?"
Half-smiling.
She seems unable to even control her emotions.
Taichi: "Let's take a break."
I sat down in a chair.
Kiri: "......eh?......What?"
While hearing Kiri's puzzlement,
I didn't speak at all.
........................
Taichi: "Are you okay yet?"
Kiri: "......yes."
Kiri slowly stood up.
She was no longer holding up her weapon.
Taichi: "Do you have any questions?"
Kiri: "......Yutaka......did he...to Sempai......?"
Taichi: "It's the truth."
Taichi: "Well, the atmosphere was partly to blame. Small children can't disobey their parents, right?"
Kiri covered her mouth.
Taichi: "Yutaka's misfortune was having a father like that."
Kiri: "......I have heard......rumors about one of the Shinkawas......but......but!"
Taichi: "As you say, Kiri, there's too much malice in this world."
Taichi: "Yutaka was a victim of that."
Kiri: "But......I never heard anything about that. I lived with him for so long, how could it---"
Taichi: "Memory loss."
Kiri shut her mouth.
Kiri should also know that Yutaka had amnesia.
Inside Kiri, the parts of her that had been left alone and ambiguous unified at once.
Taichi: "Also, I know why his legs got hurt."
Kiri: "......eh?"
Taichi: "Because I was there when it happened."
Kiri: "......then......Sempai......you knew that when...?"
Taichi: "What do you mean?"
Taichi: "I hadn't thought Yutaka had lived through that......I'd even forgotten the name Yutaka."
Taichi: "......meeting him was a coincidence."
Taichi: "Since I was made to cross-dress......it looks like he didn't know either."
Taichi: "Well, a lot happened and I was released......and for complicated reasons I came here."
Taichi: "If you think about it, it's perfectly natural."
Taichi: "Neither my heart nor Yutaka's should have broken from that."
Taichi: "I wonder if we met by necessity."
Kiri: "......I can't believe that."
Taichi: "I realized who Yutaka was after I became closer to him."
Kiri: "......that's why......you killed him?"
Taichi: "It's not like I immediately wanted to kill him."
Taichi: "It's all in the past after all."
Kiri: "Then......why?"
Taichi: "I thought I'd overlook it if he was suffering."
Taichi: "But when he was hanging out with me, he seemed happy."
Kiri: "......!!!"
Kiri: "That day......you asked me......is he happy......?"
Taichi: "Good memory."
I smiled.
Taichi: "That's right. That's what I meant."
Taichi: "With that, I determined that Yutaka was happy."
Taichi: "I wasn't controlled by a grudge or anything."
Taichi: "I just......wanted to try poking him. Very much so."
Kiri: "......uuu......"
Taichi: "It was a sunny day."
Taichi: "Just as you saw, I told him everything on the roof at the time."
Kiri: "......uu......"
Taichi: "Then he said, 'What can do I to be forgiven?'"
Taichi: "I didn't feel like reproaching him."
Taichi: "......I had just one question."
Taichi: "And I asked him."
Taichi: "'Hey, I have a question for you......why won't you go die already?'"
Taichi: "......that's what I said."
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "When I did that......he really went and killed himself."
Kiri broke and fell.
I approached her, with a feeling I wanted to whisper.
I pushed against her---
Taichi: "I had no grudge."
Taichi: "But......there was no way I could accept......a group that could remain healthy while attacking people."
Taichi: "Whether Yutaka was that or not...... I......really......"
Taichi: "Now I think...since I had no grudge......things were fine the way they were."
Taichi: "If Yutaka had been there......I might have been able to become a little better."
Kiri: "Aaaaaaaaaa......!"
She wrung out a bitter cry.
Taichi: "He really was a good guy......I was just too broken."
Taichi: "However much I try to patch up my surface......like you said Kiri, I'm a monster."
Taichi: "That's why I'm worthless."
Taichi: "That's why......I......"
My heart didn't cry.
Tears wouldn't come.
I couldn't forgive myself.
No,
I decided not to forgive myself.
Taichi: "Sorry, Kiri."
Kiri: "Waaaaaaaaaaa, uwa, aaaaaaaaa!!!"
Taichi: "At the time, in that abnormal atmosphere, in order to preserve himself, Yutaka had no choice but to devour the weaker me."
Taichi: "And then I made food out of Yutaka......"
Taichi: "Yutaka and I ate each other, Kiri."
Kiri: "......!"
Kiri embraced me.
On the spur of the moment......she embraced me.
Kiri: "I'm sorry......"
Kiri: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!"
Kiri: "I'm sorryyyy......"
Taichi: "Don't apologize. That's not what this is about......"
Taichi: "Please cry, in my place."
Her voice rose yet higher.
My house.
Today, in this consistently lonely space, there is a flower.
Taichi: "Now, come in."
Kiri: "O-okay then......"
After that, Kiri came to my house.
Kiri: "Uwaa."
My room was in love with chaos.
Most visitors were surprised by it.
Taichi: "Be seated."
Kiri: "......sit where?"
Taichi: "Okay."
I somersaulted.
Kiri: "......okay...?"
Taichi: "Make some space wherever you want to sit."
Kiri: "........................"
Self-responsibility.
In the space I'd made by somersaulting, Kiri sat down in an awkward seiza.
Kiri: "......boys..."
Taichi: "Wait here a minute."
I went downstairs and brought up a tomato.
Taichi: "Here, vitamins."
Kiri: "......thank you."
She took a bite from the tomato.
Taichi: "You can relax."
PCP_F The "We'll be living here forever." was cut out.
Kiri: "......okay."
Taichi: "So, you said there was more to talk about?"
Kiri: "Regarding atonement."
Taichi: "Atonement?"
I had a feeling this would come up.
Kiri: "For what Yutaka did, and for my horrible treatment of Sempai, and for today's attempted murder."
Kiri: "......since the police aren't around......I think Sempai should decide."
Kiri: "For both Yutaka and I."
Taichi: "Meaning I can have two wishes?"
Kiri: "......it doesn't matter how many."
Kiri: "Although the sins probably won't go away."
Taichi: "I don't care about the sins."
Yutaka and I did each other in.
Taichi: "That's right......for now, I do have one wish."
Kiri: "What is it?"
Taichi: "Tomorrow morning......I want you to come with me."
Kiri: "......okay, I understand."
Taichi: "Any questions?"
Kiri: "None. I will obey."
Taichi: "......nnn."
Taichi: "Well, we'll be climbing a mountain."
Kiri: "A mountain?"
Taichi: "Yes, didn't we do that for the campout? That's how far we'll be going."
Kiri: "Okay, I understand."
I've done it.
Kiri: "Is there anything else?"
Taichi: "Eh?......Something else?"
I hadn't thought of that.
What should I do?
Kiri: "I'm fine with anything."
Taichi: "......then..."
I brought my lips closer.
Kiri: "......!?"
A deep and long-term one is dangerous. It'd dehydrate me.
Taichi: "That should about do it."
I let go of her.
Kiri: "Ah! Umm! Umm!?"
Taichi: "Don't think too much about it."
Kiri: "Bu-! Bu-! But!"
Taichi: "It's fine. Anyway, with that my wishes are granted! Yay! Pretty girl killer. Amazing, super-cool and attractive!"
Cooldown.
Taichi: "......bedtime. Go home."
I got into bed.
Kiri: "......Sempai!"
She took my arm.
Taichi: "Tomorrow, please come here at six and wake me up."
Kiri: "......then......I'll stay here."
Taichi: "You know...this isn't just about you......"
Kiri: "......stupid person."
Taichi: "Nn......nnn!?"
This time it was Kiri's idea.
And then, morning---
I woke up.
Taichi: "......Kiri?"
She's not here.
Last night, I was sure she......
Kiri: "Good morning, Taichi-sempai."
Taichi: "......so it's Taichi-sempai now."
Kiri: "Umm, I thought of having breakfast, but......"
Taichi: "Yeah, there's nothing here."
Kiri: "There were potatoes."
Taichi: "What? There was something that good?"
I had a feeling they'd been there.
........................
Kiri: "I tried steaming them."
Taichi: "......hoo, hoo-hoo."
My appetite suddenly welled up.
Kiri: "Here's the salt."
Taichi: "Okay, I'll eat."
A pile of potatoes.
Kiri: "These are delicious."
Taichi: "Yeah, they're good. The fire worked."
Kiri: "Though it'd be nice if we had butter."
Taichi: "What? You'll be able to eat whatever you want soon enough."
Kiri: "Eh?......Why is that?"
Taichi: "Ah......uhhh......well, you'll see."
Kiri: "???"
Taichi: "Uuooo, you ate them, you ate them."
Kiri: "Yes I did."
Taichi: "Ah, not good, I have to get ready."
Kiri: "......ah, for climbing the mountain?"
Kiri: "You're getting wrapped up in that."
Taichi: "Aaah, we're going with nothing but the clothes on our back."
Kiri: "Haa......"
Taichi: "By the way......don't you have any doubts about this?"
Kiri: "......no, I have none."
Taichi: "Don't overdo it. Sins are just concepts after all."
Kiri: "Saying this might anger you, but..."
Kiri: "......I'm a little happy."
Taichi: "Happy?"
Kiri: "Because Sempai thinks of Yutaka as a friend."
Taichi: "......yeah."
Kiri: "You two were always working hard at school."
Taichi: "Weren't you of one mind and body?"
Kiri: "Yes, that's right."
Taichi: "Nnn, Yutaka went away......and that's when you became of one mind and body with Miki."
Kiri: "Yes."
Kiri: "......is that sort of thing unfair?"
Taichi: "Not at all. Well, not that my assurance counts for anything."
Kiri: "That's not......"
Taichi: "Now then, mountain climbing, mountain climbing, let's go."
Kiri: "Yeah."
Kiri: "Hey, hey, Sempai."
Taichi: "Nnn?"
Kiri: "......I think I'd like to try becoming what's called a love slave."
Taichi: "Hu!"
I blew out a laugh.
Taichi: "Are you out of your mind, Kiricchi!?"
Kiri: "Does that make a difference?"
Kiri: "Besides, didn't you often talk about love slaves, Sempai?"
Kiri: "You shouldn't be objecting."
Taichi: "I did, I did, but those were all jokes."
Kiri: "I'm not used to it, but I hope it goes well."
Taichi: "Don't hope for that!"
Kiri: "Aha!"
Taichi: "......were you making fun of me?"
Kiri: "No, God forbid."
Taichi: "Hu......once we settle this I'm going to harass you again."
Kiri: "Go ahead!"
Taichi: "I'm going to flip your skirt."
Kiri: "Go ahead!"
Taichi: "Uhhh......I'll do the full set of perverted pranks."
Kiri: "Go ahead!"
Taichi: "......hey now, Kiri!"
Kiri: "Whatever it is, go ahead!"
Kiri: "......would that be bad?"
Taichi: "It's not that it'd be bad......it's just that I'd become worthless."
Kiri: "Eh......?"
Taichi: "And if that's what this is about, I do have someone else."
Kiri: "Ah......Hasekura-sempai......"
Kiri: "Umm, about Hasekura-sempai and Taichi-sempai...... well......"
Taichi: "She's been stalking me."
Kiri: "Does that bother you?"
Taichi: "It bothers me a lot. I want to get rid of her."
Kiri: "......how would you like that?"
Taichi: "That?"
Kiri: "I'll chase her away."
Taichi: "......hey, hey, you're going for way too high a difficulty there......Kiri-chin is no match for her."
Kiri: "I'll train and study a lot."
Taichi: "Impossible......her skills as a stalker are just too different from anyone else's."
Kiri: "I'll duel her in love, as a love slave."
Taichi: "......nnn, but Kiri is cowardly and weak, so......I think that'd be hard."
Kiri: "......eh?......That's not..."
Taichi: "Besides, wouldn't that make you dependent on me?"
Kiri: "............"
Taichi: "That's fine, but I'm bad for you, Kiricchi."
Kiri: "......then, what can I do......to belong somewhere......"
Taichi: "I have a hunch about where Kiricchi belongs."
Taichi: "We're heading there now."
Kiri: "Where is it......?"
Taichi: "There, we've made it."
Kiri: "......a Shinto shrine?"
Taichi: "Well, that part doesn't matter. This way, this way."
Kiri: "......there's nothing here."
Taichi: "Put this in your pocket."
Kiri: "A radio? Okay......"
Taichi: "Now, Kiri......I'm going to observe from here, so will you walk straight that way for me?"
Kiri: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Straight that way."
Kiri: "Sure, but......?"
Taichi: "Slowly. Please stop when I tell you to."
Kiri: "......okay?"
Kiri: "Slowly, slowly..."
Taichi: "A little farther."
Kiri: "Just about..."
Taichi: "A little to the right!"
Kiri: "This way?"
Taichi: "Yes, yes."
Taichi: "Slow forward at 0.5 speed."
Kiri: "Uwa, I don't know......you mean slowly?"
Taichi: "Stop there."
Kiri: "Yes!"
Okay, that's the spot.
Kiri: "?"
Now I change my eyes......
Taichi: "Hey, Kiricchi."
Kiri: "Yes?"
Taichi: "Where you belong."
Kiri: "Eh? What are you?"
Taichi: "Where you belong, Kiri. A way to obtain that place."
Kiri: "Where I belong?"
Taichi: "Didn't you talk about it? The clashing of hearts?"
Kiri: "Haa?"
Taichi: "You're too sharp for your delicacy, so you see a lot more than most people."
Taichi: "With those eyes, you should be able to find people that are precious to you."
Kiri: "Haha......thank you!"
Kiri: "But there already is someone precious to me!"
Taichi: "No......you're going to find new ones."
Taichi: "Also, I'll send Miki to you later."
Kiri: "Eh?"
Taichi: "Painful things, unreasonable things, malice..."
Taichi: "It's all full of joy and sorrow."
Taichi: "A world with people is better than a world with nothing."
Taichi: "You understand that, right?"
Taichi: "That's why you can do your best."
Kiri: "Sempai? What are you talking about?"
Taichi: "This will be the last time I see you."
Taichi: "I'll be thankful when I use the memories you've given me."
Kiri: "I don't understand you......"
Taichi: "Good luck to you!"
Salute.
The unease on Kiri's expression increased.
Kiri: "What......are......?"
Kiri: "What are you trying to do!?"
Before Kiri could rush back here.
The crimson...
And then,
*click*---
I 『observed』 her.
I closed my eyes, and when I opened them---
Kiri: "What are you trying to do!?"
Kiri: "......huh?"
Kiri: "Eh?......Sempai? Where are you?"
Kiri: "Sempai! Hey, Sempai!"
Kiri: "Huh?......He's gone......what?"
Kiri: "......the town......eh?"
Kiri: "It has...people?"
Kiri: "The radio......it's receiving......"
Kiri: "A broadcast!!?"
Kiri: "This is......?"
Kiri: "Sempai! Sempai! Sempai! SempaiSempaiSempaiSempai!!"
Kiri: "Haa!......Taichi...sempai......?"
Kiri: "......you're gone?"
Kiri: "No, why......"
Kiri: "Why are you gone......!?"
Kiri: "......I don't...understand......"
Kiri: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Kiri: "Aaaaaaaaaa!!"
Kiri: "Haa, haa......why......uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "This is how it should be."
Taichi: "Kiri."
I called to her just once.
Naturally, there was no reaction.
Taichi: "Hmm."
Only I can observe.
And the axes of the many worlds are overlapping without limit.
That's why Kiri is right beside me.
We just can't sense each other.
We're living in the same world.
Though we can't connect no matter what we do,
The moment I observed, I fixed reality.
No,
All possibilities are on the same axis from the start.
It's just a matter of......whether or not someone can see them.
Now then,
I'll wait for time again.
I'll return to my camp and enter my tent.
Almost time.
I'll go to sleep, and when I wake up...
Next week---
And then I ran back again.
Failure isn't allowed.
Not at all.
I have to be prudent.
Taichi: "Haa!......"
Malice momentarily swelled up within me.
It was similar to pubescent lust, and wasn't easy to disgorge.
I spent the remaining few days at my house.
I didn't contact anyone.
Because I didn't want to endanger anyone.
And then......Sunday.
I silently waited for time to catch up with me.
I don't know what everyone else did after that.
How many versions of them have been rubbed out of existence?
That heavy truth dazzled me.
And then---
I passed the school and headed for the housing complex where Miki lives.
Miki was jogging up the hill.
She found me.
She rushed.
Toward me.
While stumbling.
Miki: "Uwaaaaaaan!!!"
She cried.
She leaped into my chest.
I caught her.
Miki: "Sempai, Sempai-Sempai-Sempaaaaaai!!!"
Miki: "There's no one hereeeeeee!! Something's straaaaaaange! This absolutely isn't normaaaaaaal!!!"
Taichi: "......y-yeah."
Miki: "No one's in any of the houses! There's hardly anyone left, they've all disappeared!!"
Taichi: "Yeah, that's a problem."
I consoled her while patting her back.
Miki: "What is all this......this can't happen......"
A small girl.
How much happiness and coincidence and time would I need to raise an invincible Miki?
Taichi: "Aren't I here?"
Miki: "......uuuuu! Yes......thank goodness......you're here......"
Miki: "I woke up this morning, and mom wasn't there, and breakfast wasn't there......when I thought that everyone really had disappeared......"
Taichi: "Were you scared?"
She nodded as if to rub her forehead against me.
Miki: "I don't like this......I...don't......"
Taichi: "It really is lonely without other people."
Miki: "......I want to go home......"
Taichi: "You want to go home?"
Miki: "I wanna go home, I wanna go home......"
Taichi: "I see, you want to go home."
Miki: "I want to see Kiri-chin......and everyone else......"
I handed her my handkerchief.
It was quickly stained.
Thanks to surface tension, the girl's overflowing tears were like pearls.
Taichi: "Kiri-chin, huh?"
One week.
Sunday is everything.
Miki: "Egu, egu, egu."
She never stopped crying.
We came to school holding hands.
Taichi: "You know, I have some stuff to do, so Miki, what about you?"
Miki: "I'll wait for Kiri here."
Taichi: "......I see."
Taichi: "Well, bye."
Miki: "Ah, when you're done with doing things, will you still have things to do?"
She asked while waving her arms.
Taichi: "I won't."
Miki: "Then, I'll be waiting here......right here......"
Taichi: "Why not wait in the classroom?"
Miki: "......I don't want to be in a building with no people......I don't think I'd be able to breathe."
Taichi: "I understand. Then I'll finish this quickly."
Miki: "Ah, your handkerchief......I'll compensate you, with something other than money."
Why?
My sexual harassment soul suddenly welled up.
Taichi: "That's fine. I only had that handkerchief because I can't leave a crying girl alone."
Miki: ......*sob*
Immediate effect.
The classroom.
Kiri's not here.
She's not here anymore.
However many times I repeat, Kiri will never appear again for all eternity.
The very word 'eternity' is nearly a contradiction, but there are no means for Kiri and I to connect to one another.
A natural punishment to be inflicted on me for using those girls to store up provisions in my heart.
Punishment.
×
Cross.
But I can no longer cross with her---
Taichi: "But......how can I explain that?"
To Miki.
My head hurts.
I returned to the front gate.
Miki was crouched down with her head inside her knees.
Taichi: "......Miki, I'm here."
Miki: "............Sempai, Kiri won't come."
Taichi: "Maybe she's taken the day off."
Miki: "Then......she's at home?"
Taichi: "Right now? I'm not sure, she might have gone out."
Miki: "......I'm going."
  -Invite her on a date
  -Tag along to Kiri's house
Taichi: "Aaah, I'll go too."
Miki: "......okay, thanks."
Was she anxious about going alone?
We held hands again.
Miki: "......why did this happen......?"
Taichi: "I don't know."
Miki: "Since there aren't any corpses, did everyone just vanish?"
Taichi: "Everyone might have gone away somewhere."
Miki: "Somewhere......"
Taichi: "Hey, there's the atomic plant. Maybe they evacuated."
Miki: "Meaning it's dangerous here?"
Taichi: "Well......I don't know."
Miki: "I don't think......that explains why radios and phones won't pick anything up."
Taichi: "Yeah, you're right."
And, Kiri's house.
Miki and I each searched around half the house.
Taichi: "How'd it go?"
Miki: "She's not here."
Taichi: "Nor here."
Miki's shoulders fell.
Taichi: "We might have gone past her. Shall we go back to the school?"
Miki: "She should have used that road!"
Miki: "There's no way we'd just pass her......"
Taichi: "Maybe she came to school before us?"
Miki: "............"
Miki: "I'm sorry...I'll go...look for her!"
She raced off.
Taichi: "Ah, heeey!"
Taichi: "She's gone......"
After that, Miki continued searching for Kiri for three days.
After one day of investigation, Miki rejected all externalities.
And on the third day, she completely locked herself up.
However much I tried to persuade her, there was no sign of her coming out.
Her heart was already completely enveloped in despair.
......I've failed.
Taichi: "Aaah, wait, wait."
Miki: "What?"
Taichi: "Since we're here, come play with me."
Miki stopped.
As I thought, her lack of experience points made her reactions dull.
Miki: "......just the two of us?"
Taichi: "How inelegant. I'm inviting you on a date."
Miki: "Date..."
She meaninglessly repeated my words.
Taichi: "Third wheels aren't needed on a date. We can just occlude ourselves in our own little world."
Miki: "I see......"
It seems like I've pressured her into agreeing.
Taichi: "I won't take up too much of your time."
Taichi: "Actually, even Kiri has times when she wants to be left alone, right?"
Miki: "......yes, so..."
Taichi: "Okay, then let's go toward the housing complex without returning to school."
Miki: "......ah, but I'd like to see how she's doing......"
Taichi: "Don't worry about it."
Miki: "Gyanyaaa."
I pulled her along.
The current Miki probably wouldn't recover if she sunk even once.
Fragile.
But that's normal.
It means she's a normal girl.
She's uneasy without Kiri.
I can just make her hesitate for a week.
She'll return to her normal life.
But, it's meaningless to just send her back.
There's a need for me to obtain some things from her.
I woke up.
Sunlight was penetrating through the window.
I must have been sleeping soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time......7 A.M.
I have to go to school.
Miki was there.
Taichi: "Are you still waiting?"
Miki: "......ah, Sempai."
Miki: "She won't come, maybe something happened......"
Taichi: "I've come with a message from Kiri."
Miki: "Eh?"
Taichi: "She went to investigate the atomic power plant with Youko-chan. How manly of her!"
Miki: "With......Hasekura-sempai?"
Taichi: "Yeah. Hasekura-sempai let her come along as a guest."
Youko: "............"
Miki: "......we haven't seen each other in a while."
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "Okay, talk."
I poked her in the back.
Youko: "I'll be investigating the atomic power plant with Sakura Kiri. I will not allow anyone to interfere."
She said as if informing an enemy.
Miki: "I...see......"
It had a force which wouldn't let her say no.
Miki: "Where's Kiri-chin now?"
Taichi: "She's already on a plane."
Miki: "Eh!!?"
Taichi: "So that's why you can't see her. Isn't that right, Youko-kun?"
Youko: "......yes."
Miki: "Is that so......?"
*sink*
Taichi: "So good luck with the investigation."
Youko: "......understood."
We saluted each other.
This is where her role ends.
........................
So, after I made Youko-chan go home,
Miki: "If Hasekura-sempai says so, then there's no doubt......"
Taichi: "Yep."
Miki: "But, thank goodness she's still here."
She heaved a sigh from her flat chest.
Taichi: "Well, why don't we eat some sweets at a more refreshing place?"
Miki: "......sweets?"
Her eyes changed color.
Taichi: "Solid and gummy candies. Handmade."
Her eyes changed color.
Miki: "Handmade?"
Taichi: "Mmm. By Youko-chan though."
Taichi: "By the looks of things, these are low in sugar and are good for your looks. The gummies are made from konjac jelly. Zero calories."
Miki: "Zero calories!?"
It's been decided.
........................
Miki: "It has a mother's flavor......"
Miki: "My cheeks......my cheeks are......"
Taichi: "Yep, yep."
Miki was in a good mood eating handmade sweets.
Miki: "Hasekura-sempai has many mysteries."
Taichi: "She does."
Miki: "Is she your lover?"
Taichi: "No, we just lived together once."
Miki: "Cohabitation!"
Taichi: "No, not the same as cohabitation."
Taichi: "We had no parents, so we were both being taken care of at that house."
Barely PCP
Taichi: "Something like siblings."
Miki: "So that's what it was."
Taichi: "Now, let's have some thousand-year candy. Let's lick on these together like icicles!"
Miki: "Waa, thousand year candy!"
Miki smiled.
The day I spent with Miki was fun.
We accumulated many casual scenes, but,
I knew the value was heavier than the impression.
There's very little time left for us.
Taichi: "......maybe this is also deception."
But if she returns to the other side, Kiri will be there.
Miki will forgive me, right?
Both Mikis---
Wednesday.
To school.
A gate to prevent running away.
It didn't seem to be protecting the students so much as protecting the outside world from us.
That's the impression it held.
Taichi: "Morning."
Miki: "Heya."
Taichi: "If you're looking for Kiri---"
Miki: "Aaah, no, today's different."
Miki: "I'm waiting for Sempai."
Taichi: "Huhuhu, does that mean I can expect something?"
Miki: "My love emotions are at zero but I really like you."
Taichi: "........................"
Far away...
Miki: "Nn......?"
Miki: "Sempai, you smell of something..."
Taichi: "Aaah, this perfume. It's called Sweat Mint."
Miki: "You lieeeeeee!! There is no such perfumeeeeeee!!"
Miki: "Eh?......Bathing?"
Taichi: "Bath......?"
Taichi: "I'm a gentleman so I don't need to bathe."
Miki: "......at least pour water over yourself......"
Taichi: "We can't waste water, right?"
Miki: "Gua......then......today......?"
Taichi: "Since today's Wednesday, I guess this is the third day."
I informed her in a moronic tone.
Miki: "Haffuuu..."
She lost consciousness.
Taichi: "Are you okay!?"
I removed my shirt and bore down on her.
Miki: "Wawawawawa!!?"
Serious resistance.
........................
Miki: "......I can't faint carelessly it seems......"
Taichi: "Sorry, that was a spinal reflex."
Miki: "......what a dangerous spine."
Taichi: "Well, don't worry about it. I'm not going to die without bathing."
Miki: "I hate a sweaty Sempai."
Taichi: "......even if you say that..."
Miki: "Please come with me."
I was taken along.
Miki brought a hose out of a prefab structure.
Miki: "Sempai, strip."
Miki: "The bottom too, of course."
Taichi: "Very well."
I stripped.
Miki: "Wh-what kind of underwear is......"
Miki was bright red.
Taichi: "I saw this coming!"
Taichi: "So I tried being faithful to the original."
That which stood on the roof was none other than I in elephant underwear.
The handle attached to the hose was released.
Miki: "There!"
An intense flow of water attacked me.
Taichi: "Upu!"
Miki: "Take that!"
An infuriating Citrus Mint.
Body soap was thrown out.
And a whole bottle of it.
......do I stink that badly?
Miki: "Sempai, rub it in good!"
Taichi: "Yes, yes......"
Miki: "I'll spray the water, so Sempai, please focus on washing yourself."
Taichi: "I'd like to be unwashed rice......"
Miki: "Whoosh."
There was a novel splash sound that reminded me of the onomatopoeia for feline mammals.
Miki really was a promising rookie.
Taichi: "Even though you were all over Kiri in the pool, I'm just something to splash, damn!"
Miki: "......"
The flow of water hit the elephant's nose.
I erected.
Miki: "Why is that enough to make you do that!!?"
It made her cry.
Taichi: "Please listen to my sensitive body......"
Miki: "I don't care any more!"
Taichi: "I told you the lower half of my body is a different being."
Taichi: "Well......why not make this part clean too?"
As my rod rubbed lightly against the top of the elephant, I tried to undo the button.
Miki: "Stoooop!! Why do that in front of a virgin!!!?"
Taichi: "Gowa!!?"
A supreme watery force beat my face.
When I fell over, I could see the sky---
Miki isn't coming.
I remember.
The first day I met Miki.
I think I was the first to talk to Miki in all of Gunjou.
She was a lovely little lamb chased out of her original school and brought to Gunjou.
The first day.
She didn't bring anything which could be called lunch......I think.
I got that information via Miyuki, who'd become Miki's classmate, and immediately went in search of her.
In order to set up a coincidental meeting.
In front of the main gate, closed so as to not cause trouble for the neighbors.
Miki had been standing there at her wit's end.
One could say it was common freshman behavior.
Taichi: "Hiiii!"
Miki: "......eh?"
Then, a lot happened.
Miki: "Pu!"
She laughed softly.
Miki: "......you're a weird person."
I confessed a little.
Taichi: "Now that it's come to this, I'll eat here by force!"
Kiri: "Wh-what are you doing!?"
I got in an argument with Kiri, who had the same objective.
Miki: "Ahahahaha......what is this?"
While we warred with words, Miki watched with a complex expression.
However long I waited, Miki didn't come.
Taichi: "......there's no choice."
I was depressed.
I'd like to feel a breeze.
The roof without Sempai is a quiet and lonely place.
Taichi: "Haa."
I lay down and spread out as if making a snow angel.
The wind blew over me.
Though I wished to be taken away by it like a feather, the human body is too heavy.
Release won't come for me.
Humans can be aware of their own weight.
Taichi: "I have to go search for Miki, but......"
When I closed my eyes, my consciousness grew dim.
I felt something, and opened my eyes.
Taichi: "............Miki?"
Miki: "Yes."
Smiling.
Miki: "I am Miki."
The corners of her eyes were red.
Did something happen?
Miki: "Ah, please go back to sleep."
Taichi: "......I can use your lap?"
Miki: "As long as you do nothing perverted."
Taichi: "If I do?"
Miki: "It depends on the degree of sexual harassment, but..."
Miki: "......all relations would be cut off."
Taichi: "That would be scary. I can't do anything."
Miki: "Really?"
Taichi: "Yeah, that'd be pretty scary. It might be enough to cause a hundred mega shock."
Miki: "......then...you can just sleep."
Miki: "You surprised me when you fell over."
Taichi: "I was sleeping."
Miki: "Again with the reckless lifestyle......"
Miki: "But, Sempai's the best at those times."
Taichi: "......am I?"
Miki: "Making every day funny and strange. Making as much noise as a festival..."
Tears.
When she cried directly above me, I couldn't react.
Taichi: "Miki......?"
Miki: "But, the more I play with Sempai......something's missing......Kiri-chin isn't here......nor is anyone else......my parents, my classmates......"
Miki: "......*sob*......our normal lives are all gone......"
Taichi: "......so even playing with me couldn't help. Well, yeah, nothing can be done about that......"
Miki: "That's not what I meant......"
Miki: "I...have no confidence......"
Taichi: "When it comes to?"
Miki: "Confidence to live on."
Taichi: "Don't say that. Believe in yourself thoughtlessly."
Miki: "......*sob*......I can't......"
Miki: "Kiri-chin is gone, right?"
Taichi: "............how did you...?"
Miki: "Somehow......"
Miki: "I mean, all the people are gone......what else could I think?"
Miki: "Everyone disappeared."
Miki: "So Kiri's disappeared as well."
Miki: "Will we disappear too someday?"
Miki: "Will we disappear, and be gone forever?"
Taichi: "......we might."
Miki: "......hey......ahahaha......even Sempai admitted it......"
Taichi: "You know, Miki, everyone dies in the end."
Taichi: "Are you going to give up on living now because you'll die someday?"
Miki: "......that's......"
Taichi: "It's fine to just disappear. Why not live until you do?"
Taichi: "There are plenty of fun things to do."
Miki: "......like what?"
Taichi: "Let's see..."
Taichi: "......why not live with me?"
Miki: "With Sempai?"
Miki: "Is that a confession?"
Taichi: "I'll buy you anything you want."
I passed my high-end gag by her, and Miki peeked into my eyes.
Miki: "Are you thinking of doing perverted things?"
Taichi: "I will do them."
Miki: "......uu......"
Taichi: "I will indeed do perverted things. That is the determined attitude that should be taken by those who believe in the significance of their existence."
Taichi: "The moment you cross my threshold, you are at one with the non-virgins."
Miki: "Fast......"
Embarrassed behavior.
Taichi: "And that is because, once you are like a cat in a box, virgins and non-virgins are identical."
Sudden drowsiness.
Taichi: "Guu......"
Miki: "I'll think about it."
Miki: "Wait, you're sleeping......so fast..."
Miki: "............seriously."
Miki: "You really are a weird person."
Miki: "Haha, ahahaha......"
Miki: "Ahahahaha...!...Hahahaha......haha......"
........................
When I woke up, Miki was smiling.
Taichi: "Did I fall asleep again?"
Miki: "Yes, with a thump."
Taichi: "Sorry, your legs must be asleep by now. I'll get up."
Miki: "Before that."
I was pushed back down.
Miki: "I want to thank you."
Taichi: "Thank me?"
Miki: "For cheering me up."
Taichi: "In that case, use that flat body to......"
Miki: "No, I think I want to clean your ears as thanks."
Taichi: "!?"
Taichi: "Getting up!"
Miki: "No!"
Taichi: "That's not good!"
Miki: "Nyaaa!"
A stick was shoved into my ear.
*scrape!*
Taichi: "!!!!"
After that, it was hell.
In the end, Miki didn't come to my house.
Taichi: "Friday, huh?"
Three days left until the world swings back.
Today as well, I'll do what I should do.
Taichi: "......crap, we have to go to the beach."
I forgot to set it up yesterday, but it'll work out somehow.
Taichi: "Let's go to the beach."
Miki: "......eh?"
We got together the necessary things at Atomic Goods,
PCP_S ccd3003
Procured a car,
And headed for the beach.
Taichi: "Okay, now this is the beach!"
A cool pose.
Taichi: "And!"
Miki: "So fast......everything is happening so fast......"
Taichi: "And it'll fly on even faster."
Miki: "Hmmm, you're energetic..."
Taichi: "Now, let's play!"
Taichi: "Uuooo!"
Miki: "Seyaaa!"
Taichi: "Gaaah!"
Miki: "Ninuuu!!"
We enjoyed a game filled with swimming and sepak takraw.
And then lunch.
Taichi: "Fuiii......it's tiring when the whole sea is the field."
Miki: "It feels more like we came to tire ourselves out than to play."
Taichi: "That game was a failure."
Miki: "Having to swim so much......it's insane. That game's for mermaids only."
Taichi: "As a teenager I can't stay sane."
Taichi: "Maybe it's done now."
Miki: "It's done."
We both lowered our cheeks onto the cheap table and stared.
Cup ramen.
Taichi: *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*
Miki: *munch* *munch* *munch*
Taichi: "Cup ramen is good, since this is the beach, but it's also lonely."
Miki: "......it is..."
Taichi: "Yours looks tasty though."
Miki: "Curry flavored."
Taichi: "Trade a little."
Miki: "Okay, here you go."
Taichi: "......ah, it's good. Did we have another of these?"
Miki: "I just packed whatever, please go look."
There were a number of containers cracked from rough handling.
Taichi: "Come to think of it, we don't need dozens of cups of this."
Miki: "......don't forget those are my life as you hold them."
On the way, I had an accident.
She got really mad at me. While crying.
Taichi: "Ah, this looks delicious."
I took one out.
Taichi: "Nn......there's nowhere to get hot water from."
Taichi: "What is this container? This isn't ramen, is it?"
Miki: "Hoyo?"
Taichi: "Some kind of freeze-dried tofu......no it's a sponge......and there's some sticky fluid oozing out of it......"
Taichi: "Wait, this is a masturbation aid!!"
I threw it at Miki.
Miki: "Gya!?"
That hit the mark.
Taichi: "You shameless virgin! You idiot!"
Miki: "What are you doing!?"
Taichi: "Look at the thing you threw in together with the ramen!"
Miki: "......nnn? What...is this?"
Taichi: "A masturbation aid."
Miki: "A what aid?"
Taichi: "To leave such erotic lines in memory, it's basically a sex toy. I don't like it much, but the disposable ones are only five to nine hundred yen!"
Miki: "......I don't know how to use it."
Why don't I show you how it's used......little girl?
Taichi: "Geez, being this defenseless makes your Nii-san worried."
Miki: "Ha, haa......I learned something today, thanks to a certain someone."
Miki: "There aren't that many girls who know proper maintenance for artificial vaginas at this age."
Taichi: "Indeed. It's hot today."
Though it wasn't hot.
Miki: "......hey, more importantly, have you noticed?"
Taichi: "What?"
Miki: "There aren't any fish or jellyfish in the sea."
Taichi: "......yeah, I noticed. No shellfish either. Just shells."
Miki: "I found a pretty Rose Petal Tellin. I'll take it home with me."
Taichi: "There weren't any Octopus Giganteuses."
Miki: "......?"
Taichi: "Well, let's not worry too much about that. It'll just ruin science."
Miki: "......not that, I was just thinking that this is a lonely world."
Miki: "That the world is a lonely place."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
The world is lonely, huh?
That would be true.
Miki: "Now, shall we play!?"
Taichi: "Okay, next is night wrestling."
Miki: "......don't you normally call that sex......?"
Miki: "That was fuuun!"
Taichi: "Yep. Let's go again."
Miki: "Yes!"
She appeared to be back in high spirits.
Taichi: "Aaah, those photos we took today, how long will they take to develop?"
Miki: "Do you want them quickly?"
Taichi: "Yeah. Tomorrow night if possible."
Miki: "Fast......then, I'll develop them at school, and give them to you there."
Taichi: "Thanks. See you."
Miki: "Ah......"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Miki: "Uhhh, no, it's nothing. Bye."
She ran off toward her housing complex.
Saturday.
......one day left.
There's one day left.
Miki: "Good morning, you're here early."
Taichi: "I would like the pictures."
Miki: "I was about to go develop them. It'll take a while."
Taichi: "That's fine, take it easy."
Miki: "Will you come with?"
Taichi: "......nah, I'll just hang out here."
Miki: "Are you sure?"
She was a little sunken.
Miki: "Let's have lunch together."
Taichi: "Nnn..."
Miki left.
I thought about the weekend.
With or without consent,
I'll just send her back healthy.
I'll carve casual conversations with Miki into my heart, one by one.
Taichi: "I really should go."
I headed for the Photography Club Room.
Taichi: "Huuuh?"
Miki: "......here I aaam."
She came.
With a huge bag.
The smell of soap.
A new uniform.
This is......
Miki: "Sempai's giving out a strange aura."
Taichi: "......*cough* Excuse me."
Miki: "This is a small hotel, manager."
Taichi: "Yes, we're popular among customers who fear wide open spaces."
Miki: "......even so, it's bigger than my place."
Taichi: "Hey!!"
Miki: "Hawa, hawa, amazing flooring."
Taichi: "That's normal in this town, since everyone has money to spare."
Miki: "My place was super-cheap back in the town's poorer era."
Taichi: "Aaah......that ruin..."
Miki: "It doesn't have elevators, so not having power is just fine."
Taichi: "What floor are you on, Mikinchi?"
Miki: "......the top floor."
Taichi: "You may cry. It's all right to cry."
Miki: "Uwaaan! This way I'll never have to climb the stairs ever again..."
Taichi: "Pitiful......"
Miki: "Now that you sympathize, show me to my room."
Taichi: "It's right here."
Miki: "That's your room!"
Taichi: "You know, coming to a man's house......"
Miki: "Aaah, I understand......"
Taichi: "It's best if you're honest."
Miki: "Umm, Sempai, may I ask you one question?"
Taichi: "Sure."
Miki: "The adjacent room......?"
Taichi: "Aaah, you can't use that one."
Taichi: "Wanna go look?"
Miki: "What?"
I made her go.
She came back with a pale face.
Miki: "......th-th-th-there's a whole wall of pictures of Sempai!!"
Taichi: "Isn't it scary?"
Miki: "It's painful."
Taichi: "Well, let's not touch it."
Taichi: "So, the floor of this room will be where you sleep."
Taichi: "Here's a sleeping bag."
Miki stared at the sleeping bag wrapped up in a cylinder.
Miki: "I must ask, what's the meaning of making the girl you invited over sleep in a bag?"
Taichi: "Guests always sleep on the floor in this house."
Taichi: "If you want to sleep in a futon, you must surpass the one hundred trials of me, Kurosu Taichi."
Basically sex.
Miki: "......"
She looked worried.
Taichi: "Hey, hey."
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "Mikiii?"
Miki: "......"
Taichi: "I'm going to do things to you."
I looked up.
Miki: "Go ahead."
Miki: "I'm prepared for that."
She was upset, but her tone was serious.
Taichi: "Hmmm......even if you say that, I was just joking."
Taichi: "But still, you're not scared?"
Miki: "I am...scared."
Taichi: "Right?"
Miki shook her head left and right.
Miki: "I'm scared because no one's here."
Taichi: "Oh, that."
Miki: "What happened to Kiri? Why did she go away?"
Taichi: "I don't know."
Miki: "Will I disappear too? Will Sempai?"
Taichi: "............"
Miki: "I feel like I'll go crazy."
Miki: "......hold me, Sempai."
Miki: "So that I won't disappear......"
She said that, and leaned toward me.
I had to accept her.
If it wasn't night, I might have been able to hold back.
But the atmosphere enveloping us was no longer one that could be rejected.
Taichi: "......hold you, huh?"
I moved my hands lightly around her back, and Miki clung to me.
This again.
One more memory---
I softly laid Miki down.
I kissed her.
Miki: "Nn......nnha......nn!"
Her small lips were surprised.
Thin, delicately-made.
Wet and sticky, and surprisingly soft.
I lightly pecked.
A kiss as if poking her.
I touched her, parted from her and changed my angle a little.
Miki: "That tickles......wait, ah!......Ha!......"
I lose if she sucks on me during a kiss.
Then, I stuck out my tongue.
Miki's body stiffened.
I held her tightly, so she wouldn't run.
Sucking, sucking, sucking......
As if sweet honey was being pulled into my mouth.
I opened up her clothes.
When our lips parted, hesitation and a forced smile resided on Miki's face.
I ran my lips along her neck.
Miki: "Slow down, slower......uuu!"
Her collarbone panted.
Taichi: "You're really sensitive."
Miki: "Uuuuuuu!!!"
She covered her face with the back of her hand.
Miki: "......somehow......amazing......"
Taichi: "How is it amazing?"
Miki: "Being touched by someone...it's amazing......kyafu!"
Taichi: "I see."
My lips moved downward.
I moved back and forth over Miki's stomach as she quivered.
Her faintly breathing chest was movingly beautiful.
Thinking about the reason for that became annoying.
I reached Miki's lower limbs.
I kissed her there too.
Miki: "......aaaa......wait, not......"
She let out a strange voice.
That part of her was still young, and I wet it carefully.
I sucked on the protrusion at the prow of that boat-shaped region.
Strongly.
Miki: "Ow!......That's too......hard!"
I licked it with my tongue, and sometimes sucked it up.
Miki: "Aaah, ow, ow! You're pulling it off somehow!"
Taichi: "......"
What does that 'somehow' mean?
I slowed down a little.
Miki: "Kyau......kya......nn......awaa......"
That conduct was strangely fun.
I pinched it and played with it.
Miki: "Ah! Ha!......Haa......nn............uku!"
As I tasted her vagina, Miki choked just a little.
Taichi: "Does it still hurt?"
Miki: "......I don't know......it feels numb......hyaaaan!"
I scraped it around with the tip of my tongue.
Taichi: "Is this better?"
Miki: "Don't do it too gently!!"
Which is it......?
Miki: "That tickles......it makes me panic......"
Taichi: "I'll put my tongue in now."
Miki: "Ah!......It's in......"
Her defenseless voice put me in a lovely mood.
I moved my tongue carefully.
Miki: "Ah......aan, ah! Aaan!!......Nn!......Ha!"
Miki: "Nn, nnnnn!......Uun! Aau!......Noo, something's......climbing up......"
I used my fingers.
I lightly pushed down on Miki's precious gem.
Miki: "Nnn!!? If you pinch me...there!......"
Miki: "It-it'll come off, it'll-!"
Taichi: "No it won't."
I stretched my tongue out to the limit and pushed it into her.
Miki: "Nnnnnnnnnnn!!!"
Her back floated up, and Miki changed to a bow shape.
Increased moisture flowed into my mouth.
........................
Taichi: "Are you okay with the missionary position?"
Miki: "......I don't care about the position names......as long as......it doesn't hurt much."
Taichi: "It's fine, this is the normal position."
Miki: "So that's why......this one......"
Taichi: "Relax."
Miki: "Nn......I'm......scared."
Taichi: "Here we go."
I pushed my hips into her.
Miki: "Slowly, slowly! Slowly please!"
Taichi: "Yes, yes, slooowly."
Miki: "Uuuuuuuuuuuu......"
Taichi: "Slooowly."
Miki: "Uuuuu......uwa......aau!!"
I pulled out.
Miki: "......owww......"
Taichi: "So it does hurt."
Miki: "Kuu......"
Tears formed in the corners of her eyes.
Taichi: "But we're not there yet."
Miki's tears swelled up as she said 『Fueeeh?』
Miki: "I...I already came."
Taichi: "Don't lie!"
Taichi: "But......if it hurts, I'll stop, okay?"
Miki: "Ah......I don't want that either......"
Taichi: "Make up your mind......"
Miki: "It'd be best if you just squeezed me like this."
Taichi: "I guess that's the difference between a man and a woman."
Well, whatever.
She embraced me.
Miki: "......!"
I'm like a towel some kid carries around.
Something to cling onto.
Miki: "......I wonder......will everyone come back......"
Taichi: "Why don't we make them?"
Miki: "Eeeh?......'Make them'......you couldn't mean?"
Taichi: "I'm moving now."
A sliding life.
Miki: "Ah!......Nnnnn!......Uwa, I'm being dragged along!......"
I touched a part of her my tongue couldn't reach.
Miki: "Ah! Ah!......Uuu, uuuuu......"
There was a small sensation of pushing through a drawstring......and it was probably accurate.
There was a doubt as to whether it would break.
I moved slowly.
When I pulled out and sunk back in, Miki closed her eyes tightly to endure it.
Miki: "Nn! Ah!......Nnn!......Nnku!......Uwaaa, I'm going, to burst......"
She held onto me with rough breathing.
Miki: "Tight!......"
I'm sure she's bleeding.
I don't want to see that.
To shake off that feeling, I kissed her.
Miki: "Ah......"
Taichi: "Sorry......I also feel like I'm going to burst."
It felt like a bomb was buried deep in my hips.
I want to shoot it out.
I want to disgorge it.
When I pushed my hips in, my tip hit a wall.
Miki: "Haaan!......That......there......"
Shallow. Narrow.
And yet...
Taichi: "......tight."
I was being tied down.
Within that, unending lubricant moved back and forth.
Miki: "Uhi! Hyan! Ah, ah, nn! Haaaa......"
I occasionally made twitchy strokes, and was accelerating.
Miki: "Sempai, I, I'm......"
Taichi: "Not yet, not yet."
Miki: "Nooo, uuu, uu! Aaon, nn! Nn! An!"
Her sticky slime covered her vaginal canal.
My thrusts made splashes and increased the viscosity.
Taichi: "Miki's insides have gotten pretty good."
Miki: "I don't, know, anything about!......Nnnnn!"
The strength left Miki's body.
Miki: "Haa, haa, haa---aaa! Ah!......Nn! Uuu, I, can't......"
Taichi: "You're ending this so quickly......"
Miki: "But, this is, so violent......"
Taichi: "Would it be better like this?"
Delicately.
Miki: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!!"
Her voice rose. And her body.
As if she'd regained vitality.
Taichi: "Somewhere around here then."
I twisted at an angle different from her vagina.
Miki: "Uhiii! Ah! Aaah! Nn! Nn! Nnnnnnn!!"
Miki: "It's sliding in......kyan!......It's coming!"
Taichi: "It's only going in?"
I whispered while biting her ear.
Taichi: "It's coming in and going out, right?"
Miki: "Out, and in......uuu! Nn!......Han!......Deep, deeeeeeep! Aaaah!"
I was surprisingly close to Miki's core.
Taichi: "Something like this."
Miki: "Kya! An! No, not, there!"
Taichi: "Or maybe like this."
Miki: "Kyaaa, ah! Don't rub the sides!"
Taichi: "Does it hurt?"
Miki: "It doesn't hurt, but......it's dangerous......"
A mysterious way of saying it.
Taichi: "I like dangerous things."
I used my whole body to dominate Miki.
Miki: "Fua! Nn! Ah, you can't! Sempai no, I said no! ......Nngi!......Nnnnnnnnnnnn!!!"
Taichi: "Sorry......"
The heat of my conduct burned my head.
I won't stop.
Miki: "Fua! Uu!......Aaaa! Han! Nn, ah, akun......"
My hips drew an obscene circle.
Her walls adhered to and sucked on me.
When I pull out, I'm covered by a numbness racing through my spine and pelvis.
Miki: "Uuuuu! An! Ah! Ah!......Aaah!......Aau!"
Miki: "Ah......I think, something's coming......"
Taichi: "You have, skill at this!"
Miki: "Nnnn! What......skill?......Han!"
Taichi: "Skill, at feeling, good."
Miki: "!......You......idiot......!!"
She embraced me.
As I did her.
We'll become one as much as we can.
Suddenly, I remembered that this was the last memory I'd be able to make with Miki.
I also noticed I was moments away from ejaculating.
My senses had dulled from the excitement.
Taichi: "!!"
I minced Miki's insides.
It was that sort of aggressive rhythm.
Miki: "Ah!......Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! No, no! That's dangerous! Nn, nn......nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!"
I couldn't tell if that was a scream or a moan.
A lump of ecstacy, carved in small words that were mere aftereffects.
Taichi: "Nn......"
I beat against that.
Against its deepest part.
While embracing, without separating.
As if to test the mutual unity of our cells.
I continued disgorging.
It was as if my hips would fall off.
Then we broke.
We fell on each other.
And kissed casually.
I held the small Miki against my chest.
Miki: "We've......made......a baby......"
Taichi: "......is that true?"
Miki: "It's......intuition......"
Taichi: "Haha......"
I couldn't tell if she was serious.
The sensation of being near 『that』 Miki was nostalgic.
Taichi: "You're cute, Miki."
I contained her in my chest like a doll.
I could readily feel the radiating heat from what we'd done.
A sweet smell floated from her body.
Taichi: "......Miki?"
Miki: "........................"
She'd fallen asleep.
Taichi: "Hahaha."
What a carefree thing.
......
............
........................
Miki: "We've......made......a baby......"
Taichi: "......is that true?"
Miki: "It's......intuition......"
Taichi: "Haha......"
I couldn't tell if she was serious.
The sensation of being near 『that』 Miki was nostalgic.
Taichi: "You're cute, Miki."
I contained her in my chest like a doll.
I could readily feel the radiating heat from what we'd done.
A sweet smell floated from her body.
Taichi: "......Miki?"
Miki: "........................"
She'd fallen asleep.
Taichi: "Hahaha."
What a carefree thing.
I wiped Miki's body,
Threw the window open,
Held her,
And slept.
Taichi: "......haha."
I knew.
Small and warm.
That's what Miki was.
Miki: "What? A picnic?"
Taichi: "Yes."
Sunday.
I brought it up while we ate breakfast.
Miki: "It is Sunday after all."
Taichi: "I've prepared everything."
Miki: "It's true. So fast......"
She looked at the basket in disbelief.
Miki: "Nnn, would that be a perverted picnic?"
I smiled.
Taichi: "I've been found out."
Miki: "Uwa, you are the worst."
Taichi: "Isn't that just fine? There's nothing else to do."
Miki: "I often think, 'If only this person was romantic...'"
Taichi: "You can't just live on romance."
Miki: "......that's blunt."
Taichi: "So let's go. I'll bring the goods and the costume."
Miki: "Wh-what are you going to make me do......?"
Miki: "And on the mountain?"
Taichi: "Dunno."
Miki: "Uuu, and I still hurt down there......"
Miki: "So, what are you going to make me do?"
Taichi: "You'll know when we get there, but......I guess I'll say it's in a realm you haven't experienced."
Miki: "Haeee...(crying)"
Miki must have gotten used to my psychedelic actions, since she came along with no doubts.
Taichi: "Miki, were your parents still around?"
Miki: "Yeah, both of them."
Miki: "Though they're poor."
Miki: "I mean, they were."
matches the conversation better.
Past tense.
Taichi: "Ah, sorry."
Miki: "Aha, everyone's gone so that goes for both of us♪"
Taichi: "Poor, huh..."
Miki: "I had very little allowance."
Taichi: "How much?"
Miki: "Three thousand yen."
Uwaa......
That is cheap.
Taichi: "You can't buy anything."
Miki: "Saving is important."
Miki: "And New Year's Money."
Miki: "When I was sentenced to go to Gunjou, I received an envelope full of money."
TMI?
Miki: "What was that supposed to mean!?"
Taichi: "......dunno."
Ignorance is bliss.
Taichi: "Well, either way, saving will be important again soon."
Miki: "......?"
Taichi: "We're here."
Miki: "......a hokora."
Taichi: "This way."
Miki: "We're going to do it here?......Don't I have a veto power?"
Taichi: "No."
Miki: "Aaan."
Taichi: "Take this radio."
Miki: "......what kind of 'play' is this?"
Taichi: "That's so you'll understand the situation right away once you change over to the other side."
Miki: "???"
Taichi: "Walk this way, straight ahead, slowly."
Miki: "??????"
Taichi: "There you go."
Miki: "This doesn't really......"
Taichi: "Walk, walk."
Miki: "Ha, haa......"
That's good.
Taichi: "Stop. Now don't move."
Taichi: "That's right, take a pose."
Miki: "What kind?"
Taichi: "Your trademark pose."
Miki: "......I have no such thing......what to do..."
Taichi: "Just do whatever."
Miki: "......like this?"
Taichi: "........................"
Miki: "......ummm?"
Taichi: "Yep, it's burned into my eyes."
Miki: "What's going to happen......?"
Taichi: "Miki, I'll make a prediction."
Taichi: "In the near future, you'll become a tough guy."
Miki: "Does that mean I'll be gender bending?"
Taichi: "You'll become a good woman."
Miki: "Waa."
Taichi: "I'll leave you with these words as you gain experience and make something of yourself."
Taichi: "The letter X is made by crossing!"
Miki: "......nn?"
Taichi: "Huh? You don't know what it means? I just said something pretty moving."
Miki: "......crossing...doesn't that mean passing each other by?"
Taichi: "Uwa, don't say that! That's not how you're supposed to take it!"
Miki: "Ahaha."
Miki: "Sempai is as deep as usual, so Miki can't understand."
Taichi: "Hmmm."
Miki: "My first impression of Sempai was of a weird person, and my current impression of him is also of a weird person."
Taichi: "I'm not rising that far."
Miki: "And Miki became paired with that guy."
Taichi: "Yep. Give birth to a good child."
Taichi: "Aaah, it'll be a shame not to tell that kid about my extreme lust."
It's more likely talking about him.
A real shame.
Or I should say, super-shame.
Regret.
Miki: "Ummm, what have you been talking about?"
Taichi: "See you."
I waved my hand.
Miki: "Umm......"
Taichi: "Come on, raise your hand."
Miki: "Okay......but..."
Taichi: "Smile."
Miki: "Somehow......"
Miki: "Isn't this like we're saying goodbye?"
Taichi: "Is it?"
Miki: "This is...strange......Sempai......"
Taichi: "I think I wanted a girl like Miki for a little sister."
Miki's eyes opened.
That moment,
Crimson nightfall.
Taichi: "It was incredibly fun. See you."
Miki: "Sempai, no!"
*click*---
Before she stepped forward,
I sent her back.
Miki: "......ah......eh?"
Miki: "Sempai, hey!"
Miki: "......huh?"
Miki: "Huuuh?"
Miki: "He's gone! In an instant!"
Miki: "Taichi-sempai, where'd you go!?"
Miki: "Huh? The radio's making noise?"
Miki: "............eh? What does that......"
Miki: "If the radio's making noise, it's receiving a signal......so a signal's being sent......"
Miki: "Ah......"
Miki: "The town's lights."
Miki: "There are...people......"
Miki: "Uwawa! This is huge!"
Miki: "Hey Sempai, there are people and radios in this town!"
Miki: "He's gone......he's nowhere......"
Miki: "I'll be going on ahead!!"
I was alone.
One more consciousness had disappeared from the world.
Even so,
Taichi: "......so she sensed it."
At the last moment.
What did her 『No!』 mean?
She shouldn't have known concretely what was going to happen.
So this is the sort of thing......that can be conveyed.
Taichi: "It really would be nice if she isn't pregnant."
Taichi: "No, it might be more exciting if she is."
Taichi: "......I wonder which."
I was thinking about such things---
And then, I woke up.
I confirmed it in the depths of the undergrowth.
I could only use this method one last time.
There was......only one person left.
Hasekura Youko---
I'll have to go about it more carefully than before.
I definitely cannot fail.
......I can't be affected by her rebellious spirit.
And, there's one point that's different from before.
Taichi: "I don't need......her memories."
No bentou had been left out.
The pattern was already different.
Taichi: "......"
It made me uneasy.
When everyone else goes away......her actions differ.
Taichi: "......what is that?"
I rolled my eyes.
Even though I'd intended to not be affected by her...
Because she had love as her blind spot, I thought I could trick her into---
Did I underestimate her?
No......there were no elements that could conclude to that.
Taichi: "Calm down."
For now, I'll try going outside.
Youko-chan was waiting there.
Taichi: "......!?"
Smiling.
Taichi: "Wh-......"
Youko: "Just the two of us."
Taichi: "Eh?"
Youko: "......huhuhu."
Youko: "Just the two of us, Taichi."
I wanted to run.
My instincts told me to.
My pulse hastened, and any calm thought I had remaining fell away.
So this is what's called pressure.
Taichi: "......are you...really that happy about it?"
If I don't maintain consciousness, my voice will cut off.
Youko: "Yes. Because I've been waiting."
Taichi: "So that's it......"
Youko: "Hey, Taichi......may I kiss you?"
Taichi: "Ah, sure."
She walked toward me without a sound and wrapped her arms around my neck.
I was being captured.
I was being devoured.
Youko: "Nn......"
For some time, her invading tongue devastated the inside of my mouth.
While softly biting my upper lip, she let go.
Youko: "Bye, we'll continue later."
She left.
Taichi: "Yeah, see you...later......"
I'll make her drop her guard.
At this point, I'll make her,
It doesn't matter how,
I'll make her---
Taichi: "Ah......"
I realized I was holding a paper-wrapped sandwich against my chest.
Taichi: "I've come to school, but......"
I scratched my head.
There's no one here.
But......I guess I'll go look around for a bit.
Somehow I can't calm down around midday without going to school.
The classrooms were silent.
No signs of life.
A loneliness, as if the air had thinned.
I don't have the confidence to stay here long.
I left the classroom.
Being bigger than the classrooms, it felt even more tranquil here.
I sat down in the chair I always used.
Taichi: *sigh*
I sighed, and had nothing to do.
With no flowing electricity, I can't contact anyone else.
Taichi: "I'll have to start living at a slower pace."
But people tend to get in a hurry.
......that's the problem.
Taichi: "No, before that."
I remembered my stress.
Taichi: "......it's her."
The antenna.
An unbuilt dialogue with partial progress.
I won't see Sempai ever again.
She disappeared home, along with the possibility of her working on this.
There's a dangerous place in the fence.
Remaining unfixed, the world overlapped.
Taichi: "......was it a drainage problem?"
However many times it's repaired, just this one area gets damp and weakens.
The roof is part of the school and yet not part of it.
Here, where borders are shared with the sky, it's like another world.
A wide skyline covered in green.
Taichi: "......nn?"
Between mountains, a signal fire rose up.
Taichi: "A ninja's?"
Taichi: "As if."
I hit my temporal lobe.
It seems a few of my carefree elements have remained.
Taichi: "A mountain fire?"
No, considering the possibilities......
Taichi: "Ah, is it Youko-chan?"
Why a signal fire?
Taichi: "......ha! Nn!......"
Right after thinking that I'd live a carefree life, I dashed off.
A laborious path.
I entered the clearing.
Isn't this next to the hokora?
What would she be doing next to the hokora?
On the other side of the bushes, a bursting sound.
I parted through and continued on.
Taichi: "Ah......"
It'd been burning.
All of it had been burning.
All of the records had been playing with fire.
Even though my rationality was freezing, my body was shuddering.
Taichi: "What......are you doing?"
When I spoke to her, the answer that came back was so direct and honest...
Youko: "......I'm burning them."
Taichi: "You're burning......"
Is it okay to burn those?
You know that those are the records which illuminate the fact that we're repeating the same time?
Taichi: "It's not good to burn those."
I said in an unthinkably calm tone, given the state of emergency.
Or I should say, I was half-automatically riding my moral rail, and was actually quite aghast.
There was no answer. Because it wasn't a question.
Taichi: "Stop...that."
A deaf ear.
She was just gazing at the mountain of flames coiling around the notebooks.
Taichi: "You know......"
As a result, haste returned to my heart.
I swallowed my saliva and screamed.
Taichi: "Put it out!"
When I did she slowly curled her body and faced me.
Youko: "But, they're no longer needed."
Youko: "There's no need for Taichi to understand."
Taichi: "What are you saying......?"
No need to understand?
There's no need for me to know about the cycling world?
Taichi: "Idiot! How could that be!? I'm putting it out!"
I picked up a broken stick and moved to break up the mountain of fire.
My wrist was grabbed.
Taichi: "Ku!......Why......?"
Youko: "You mustn't."
Youko: "They're already burning to the core. It's dangerous......"
Quite a bit of time had passed since seeing the fire.
Most of the data had already turned to ash.
Many scraps of charred, blackened paper had broken off and were floating upward.
Taichi: "You idiot, doing this means......"
Youko: "You won't know."
Taichi: "That's right......if I die, everything will be returned."
It's true that I've been doing well here for a while.
But there's no guarantee I won't die.
An illness, an accident......suddenly going berserk.
Even if I died, as long as there's data I can understand my own position.
That one-in-a-million insurance had now become ash.
I dropped my wooden stick. Because my wrist had been twisted.
Taichi: "......uu."
Youko: "It's fine if I alone know what's necessary."
Taichi: "Youko-chan......"
Then I knew.
Her plan...
Taichi: "......you......knew......what I..."
Youko: "Yes, I know......because Taichi's simple-minded."
Taichi: "............"
She also knows what I was thinking of doing next.
Taichi: "......you're thinking of reconstructing me, aren't you?"
Youko: "Yes."
The current me.
In other words, the will to live through a proper life was unneeded for her objective.
I'm trying to carve memories into my heart and live alone.
The fact that I was among the faces sent home......of course I'd known that.
But I'd overlooked it.
It's so obvious.
Because, to her, everyone else was just in the way.
Only I need to be here.
But that's not the current me.
The me that knows nothing---
Taichi: "So, I'll shut myself up in the hokora."
Youko: "Yes, I thought you would."
Taichi: "If I maintain my own proper memories, it won't be hard to control myself......"
Youko: "Yes, right."
Almost like a game of twenty questions.
She smiled like a mannequin.
Faintly cold.
Youko: "I've endured a lot of Taichi's harassment. I've held it in."
Youko: "That's why, this time it's Taichi's turn......I guess."
Youko: "But, I won't make you feel pain."
Taichi: "Are you sure you want to reveal that?"
Youko: "Yes, I don't want to hide anything from Taichi."
Taichi: "Even if I'm reset, I might bring the secret to light on my own at some point."
Youko: "I burned them so that won't happen."
Youko: "When there's no information, the probability of Taichi noticing the hokora system by himself is low."
Taichi: "............"
That's true.
She was the one who left the memo in the beginning.
I was merely guided along.
She's embracing me, peeking into my eyes.
Together to the depths of our hearts.
Youko: "Taichi. The world is information."
Youko: "You can control it with information."
Youko: "Isn't that what investment is?"
Youko: "The king of information is the king of the world."
Youko: "I have lived on in order to become that."
Youko: "......until I become that."
Taichi: "............you can become that at any time."
Taichi: "Why not return to the former world and become that there?"
This is her after all.
Since familiar faces were going away one by one, she must have reached a conclusion on what I was doing.
Youko: "I just chose that because I had no other appropriate goal......I don't particularly like it."
Youko: "I'd prefer Taichi over such a thing."
She caressed my cheek.
Taichi: "......you're insane."
Youko: "You're back to your old face. That takes me back. That makes me happy."
Youko: "Because Taichi's been boring lately."
Taichi: "......you've started talking more, Youko-chan."
I said coldly.
Taichi: "You were also cuter back then, when you were quiet and aloof."
Youko: "......we've both changed."
She spoke and smiled.
Taichi: "That one-in-a-million could happen to you too. Wouldn't it be hard without information?"
Youko: "If I'm near the shrine on Sunday night I'll learn about the loop."
Youko: "Even without preliminary knowledge, that's not a possibility that can't occur."
Youko: "That's enough for me."
Youko: "And then our relationship will become a phenomenon."
Youko: "The phenomenon of us."
Youko: "For eternity---"
With a sharp bursting sound, the force of the fire covered the pile of notebooks.
Taichi: "You're a monster of rationality."
With a charming smile stuck to her face, she moved her lips closer to mine.
Taichi: "......"
I lay down on the bed and gazed at the ceiling.
She'd made the first move.
That Youko-chan......she's probably living in proper time.
I get that feeling.
But for how long?
Are there other standstill spots? Or was she hiding near the hokora?
Anyway, if she knows the series of mechanisms behind it, it's all the same.
Naturally, Youko-chan knows that I've been avoiding her.
Taichi: "Not good."
Never being serious is one of my charm points, which I achieve by cutting my emotions away and reunifying them later. But there are many drawbacks to never being serious.
Taichi: "Hasekura Youko......huh?"
The possibility of sending her back had become extremely low.
And at this rate, the current me will be erased.
The fact that she'd been relaxing in her room this whole time was because she made light of me.
Making light of me? Or accurately seeing my capability?
I'll capture her and send her back by force.
That's nearly impossible.
She has intuition on par with a wild animal and far more means of dealing with things than me.
She could be secretly carrying any sort of weapon.
Taichi: "......seriously..."
This is really bad.
The current me will disappear.
It's an 『identity』 crisis. A big one.
In other words I have to capture her and send her home within the week.
That's the only way to live on.
Taichi: "......that's impossible."
Even if I was driving a tank, I probably wouldn't win.
Taichi: "Even if......I could force her..."
Is there a better method or schedule?
I thought hard.
First, the highest probability is today.
Because I can predict that she'll become more and more wary of my actions as the weekend approaches.
Fewer and fewer days remaining...
If I do the math on the greatest possibilities......today is the most appropriate for attack.
If there's a day I can make her drop her guard, it's today.
Taichi: "......"
But there's not much time to prepare.
What do I need to prepare for an attack?
First......I need a place where I can lock her up until Sunday, when I can send her back.
Confinement.
Taichi: "Weapons......"
What about weapons?
Weapons for resisting her.
I can't kill her.
After I send her back, she'll live in continuous time.
I have to return her to the other side alive.
Taichi: "Make her powerless......hmm..."
To make her temporarily powerless,
Taichi: "A stun gun, or something."
I should still have one here.
I searched my room.
I found it right away.
My stun gun was a very silent device and could intercept an enemy's brainwaves by contacting them.
The effectiveness varies on the individual, but it should stop anyone from moving.
The problem is how to make it contact the enemy, but,
There are a number of ways to confuse her.
If I hide it on me and try to get close, she'll notice, but,
That's why, if I come at her directly......
Taichi: "That should work."
I can deal with her that way.
Since fatal weapons like crossbows are out of the question.
Just in case, I brought spare batteries.
It's all over if she finds me suspicious, so it's not an option to go heavily armed.
I'll approach her, and restrain her.
Even if I injure her significantly,
Taichi: "......the problem is......how long it'll take to restrain her."
Naturally, I'll be confining her for a week until sending her back.
During that time I'll have to prepare meals on trays.
The danger will increase in proportion to the time she's confined.
Taichi: "But I have to do it."
I got up.
I have to hurry and prepare a confinement room.
Taichi: "......okay."
Deep breathing.
When I started toward her house,
In the darkness covering the road, taking one step forward,
There she was.
Taichi: "......"
Youko: "......"
How did she display her current emotions?
Feelings like a storm, that had become a mixture neither upset nor amazed.
But if I broke character, I'd be finished.
Taichi: "Hey."
I moved closer.
Each step was heavy.
Mostly in the physical sense.
Taichi: "You know, I'm kinda hungry."
Taichi: "I was thinking you could make something for me, Youko-chan."
Taichi: "Since your cooking is good."
Taichi: "And something warm really is better than canned food."
Taichi: "Everyone's gone now, so it's no longer embarrassing if I let you do that."
Taichi: "Well, I might have been a bit cold up until now,"
Taichi: "But, why don't we hang out more honestly from now on?"
I moved toward her, one step at a time.
The director was a normal, utterly unfazed me.
Taichi: "That's right, you can come back to my place now."
Taichi: "We'll live together now."
Taichi: "Together like we used to, but without the despair of the past."
Taichi: "Both of us."
She wore a thin veil of darkness, and only her mouth shone white in the moonlight.
A smile.
My back felt like it'd freeze.
Why was she here?
I thought about the reason, I felt faint.
If she kills the current me---
Next week she can obtain a me that knows nothing.
Taichi: "That's why......"
Taichi: "For a very long time, I've..."
Taichi: "Since I was a child..."
That was my limit.
I kicked the ground.
I rushed at her.
I pretended to fall forward and picked up a small rock.
I threw it at her face.
Youko-chan caught the pebble with one hand.
But, I was already at point-blank range.
I thrust my stun gun.
The tip touched her stomach.
I could knock her over with this force.
I moved my body to push into her with the force from my running start.
And then---
I was pushed into the ground.
She was on my back.
It had been decided perfectly by skill.
I couldn't move a muscle.
I was pinned down, my left hand and face pushing into the ground.
Taichi: "Uu......"
Youko: "See?......Taichi?"
She whispered in a sweet voice, as if to a lover.
Youko: "I think Taichi and I go together perfectly."
Taichi: "Uu......gugu......"
Youko: "Who else could survive?"
Taichi: "What?"
Youko: "I can't beat you when you're serious, but......"
Youko: "Even if that happens, I can succeed at running away."
Youko: "For beasts, there are tamers."
Youko: "For Taichi, there is me."
A kiss on the cheek.
And then a hand on my neck.
I'm being strangled. My light breathing stopped.
A mere few seconds.
My consciousness fell into a darkness deeper than night.
Taichi: "Nn......"
Light heartburn. I woke up.
Taichi: "......this is..."
My room.
The extra things for confinement have been moved out of the way.
I'd been connected to the place I'd prepared for Youko-chan.
Taichi: "What's the meaning of this?"
I asked while holding back a yawn.
Youko: "......restraints, since this week's Taichi still has his memories."
Taichi: "You really are treating me like a beast."
Youko: "Bear with it for one week......"
Taichi: "What about going to the bathroom?"
Youko: "Diapers."
Taichi: "......seriously?"
Youko: "Seriously."
My dignity as a person...
Youko: "It's fine, Taichi's isn't filthy."
Taichi: "No, don't say things like that."
So she won't even let me go to the bathroom.
Youko: "Here's your food......"
Taichi: "At least release one of my hands."
Youko: "I'm sorry, I can't."
Taichi: "............"
There's no choice.
I need physical strength.
Taichi: "I can't eat like this, though..."
Youko: "Aaah......"
Taichi: "......"
Multi-faceted humiliation.
Well, there are no other people, so......
........................
She really did leave me alone all day.
Taichi: "This sucks......"
My back hurts.
I can hardly even turn over.
There is time to think, though......
Youko-chan came.
Taichi: "......what?"
Youko: "Water."
She put a cup to my mouth.
She put her other hand under my jaw.
I remembered being a bit parched.
I drank.
Taichi: "?"
I had a strange feeling.
But I drank it down.
Taichi: "Hey......is this water drugged?"
Youko: "With necessary drugs."
She didn't deny it.
Taichi: "What kind?"
Youko: "I think you wouldn't understand even if I told you."
Taichi: "So it's nothing good."
Without answering, she disappeared.
Taichi: "Where's my food!?"
Huh? Is she planning to starve me?
That'll be tough.
After a while she came again.
It was meal time.
Stew and bread.
For this day and age, it was elaborate cooking.
It whetted my appetite.
Since I can't use my hands, she made me eat it.
What spilled out of my mouth, she wiped with her own mouth.
The scent of her body.
My hips were itching.
Taichi: *sigh*
For now, a sigh.
She doesn't seem to be starving me to rob me of strength.
She took the utensils and disappeared again.
When she returned, she had a bucket of hot water. And a towel.
Taichi: "Wh-what are you......"
My clothes were taken off.
Taichi: "Nooo, perveeert!"
Struggling was meaningless.
As I was exposed, she tickled my nipples and did other things.
Taichi: "I'm being violated!?"
She wiped my whole body with a wrung towel.
My face. Behind my ears.
My arms. My sides.
My stomach. My back.
My haunches. My legs.
And lastly......my penis.
Taichi: "Uuuuuuuuu."
She cleaned it carefully.
Youko: "......it's getting bigger."
Taichi: "I should tell you, that's not because of lust."
Youko: "I know. It's fine."
She dropped the towel in the bucket.
Youko-chan stood still there.
Taichi: "So, is there something else?"
She lightly touched my perfectly vertical organ.
Youko: "......so big."
Her finger rushed up it from the base to the tip.
Youko: "Taichi's is splendid."
Taichi: "Uu......"
I was becoming sensitive.
My skin was tingling.
Youko: "I'll use my mouth."
She was a mixture of neither breath nor words, whose cheeks were already lightly tinted.
She shot her gaze toward me, glowing with heat.
My crotch suddenly ached.
Taichi: "Normally......it's the other way around......"
My stretched out self was raving more than usual.
I was strangely excited.
Both I and her.
It's hopeless, like being violated is a given.
Youko: "......Taichi......wonderful."
Youko: "Nn......nnmu! Nnn! Ah, fua......nn, nnn......"
She licked me with her tongue.
Youko: "*kiss*......*kiss* nn......nnn......nnn."
A soft stimulus.
Repeated.
Youko: "Ah, fua......*lick!* Nn!......*lick* *lick*......"
When I thought my tip was inside her, she soon spat it out.
It was making me impatient.
Taichi: "Uuu......"
Youko: "Fuun......nn......nn, nnmu! Nn!"
Youko: "Nnn, nnku, *lick!*......aan......nnnnn."
Her tongue and lips twisted as her face writhed.
Youko: "*kiss*......*kiss* *kiss*......nn! Afu......"
Taichi: "Uuaaa......"
A low voice leaked out.
Youko: "Ah......*lick*......nn, nnnnn......*kiss*"
Lips pushed against me. Zig-zagging motions.
From what I could see by looking straight ahead, the tip of her tongue was leaving a wet line along me.
Youko: "Nnn, nnnnnn, *lick!*......*kiss*......nn!...... It's getting...sticky...Taichi."
Taichi: "Didn't you do that?"
I made an effort to wring out a voice.
Youko: "I'll lick you until you're sodden. Are you happy?"
Taichi: "Dunno."
To me this was just bravado.
Youko: *lick*......
Her tongue came farther out.
That pink flesh dripping with saliva licked up from the base to the tip.
Taichi: "Uwa......!"
My back convulsed.
Not good.
My happy pubescent libido is limitless.
Her caresses repeated over and over, licking different sides.
Youko: "Nnn, nn! Nnfu!......Nnn......nnfu......an......"
Taichi: "......!"
My body shook. I couldn't stop it.
My whole body became strangely sensitive.
Abnormal excitement?
Youko: "Taichi's is shaking."
She smiled.
Youko: "If you feel like cumming, tell me."
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "Nn!......So hot......nn......you're getting excited, and stringy......Taichi......nnn."
Taichi: "Ku......"
She moved slowly upward.
I came.
Then, Youko-chan got off me.
With a steamed towel, she wiped off the saliva on my rod.
Taichi: "......?"
Youko: "See you tomorrow."
She smiled gracefully and left the room.
Taichi: "......"
Under my clothes, the dilation was like a tower.
Taichi: "Only half-killing......"
It really did hurt.
Although...
Taichi: "Eh? Harassment?"
That evening, I was distressed until the middle of the night.
That evening, I was distressed until the middle of the night.
Taichi: "Uuuuu."
Wednesday.
Today, I'm thinking about my dignity as a person.
Taichi: "Uuuuuuuuu."
I felt like crying.
Taichi: "Aaaa, uuaaa."
I struggled.
Taichi: "I'm......I'm......"
I threw my head back.
Taichi: "Oou, oou, oou, oou."
I convulsed.
Taichi: "WC!!"
I disclosed the stature of my feelings.
WC. That which I desire.
WC. A person's dignity.
WC. That which monopolizes nine-tenths of that which is humanly.
Now I think I can understand what lies between the labor of an old nurse and the pride of an old person being nursed.
Taichi: "Ah! Ah! I'm leakiiing!! Nooo, anything but thaaat!!"
The door opened.
Youko: "Morning."
Taichi: "Worst timing ever!"
And she was carrying dangerous things.
Taichi: "Wh-what are those?"
She held out her objects.
A bucket and......a cylindrical enema device.
Taichi: "-!? -!?"
I shook my head left and right while crying.
Taichi: "My rights, leave me my human rights..."
Youko: "......"
She looked calm, with a slight blush.
Animal passions!?
Taichi: "Peace to all ass! (subete no shiri ni heiwa wo). Peace to all ass! (subete no shiri ni heiwa wo)."
She picked up the cylinder.
Taichi: "Nooooo, you're not humaaaaan!!"
Taichi: "Uu! Uu!"
Youko-chan returned with a meal.
Taichi: "Uu! Uu! Uu......"
I had been crying bitterly.
Youko: "Here, say aaah."
Taichi: "......"
I thought of trying to resist by fasting, but my stomach growled.
My body's resistance.
In the end, I was made to eat like a baby.
It was incredibly delicious.
And it didn't end with just breakfast.
Her eyes flowed to my crotch.
Naturally I was erect.
Youko: "......is this morning wood?"
Taichi: "No, phallic fatigue."
Youko: "Then I'll massage it."
This probably garners some kind of record for weirdest or most unwarranted tl note in history. Since I couldn't find any mention of this on English sites, I may as well cite my source: http:www.enoplan.jp/seijien/tu.htm ?`IX
Taichi: "That's fine, please stop. Please don't touch my phallus. Please leave me alone."
I was gripped.
Youko: "......hot, as if I'll get burned......"
Taichi: "Please do get burned."
I was squeezed.
Taichi: "---!"
Youko: "How is it?"
Taichi: "Nice weather we're having."
The squeezing speed increased.
Taichi: "......uu!"
The flames of this organ, which had been left alone yesterday, burned up at once.
My back went numb, as if chilled.
Youko: "Something's coming out of the tip...... interesting......"
She extended her long tongue and licked it off the tip.
Youko: *lick!*
Taichi: "......oh!"
She lightly fondled my testicles.
Youko: "......bitter."
Taichi: "Idiot."
She gripped strongly.
With a man's strength.
Taichi: "Uwawa!"
Youko: "You said idiot."
Taichi: "Yes, I said it."
Youko: "That hurt......"
Taichi: "You lie."
She looked crestfallen. It was an act.
Taichi: "May you soon stop playing with my penis and let me out of this room."
Youko: "This part isn't saying that."
*kyupo* *kyupo*
I heard that sound.
Taichi: "My penis can't make a kyupo kyupo noise!"
*kyupo* *kyupo* *kyupo* *kyupo!!*
It's making it a lot.
Taichi: "Ugaa!"
Her squeezing motions were skilled. She was changing the angles of her wrists.
Her grip strength varied, giving a forceful stimulus, as if milking.
Not good, at this rate the earlier humiliations will continue, and my bodily fluids will be squeezed out again.
I bit my lip and endured.
Taichi: "......!"
Youko: "You're holding back."
Taichi: "Am I now?"
I played dumb.
Even though I didn't have that much energy.
Now, emasculation was my everything.
Youko: "......doesn't it feel good?"
She writhed and rustled her fingers.
That sense of pressure changed to ticklish pain.
Taichi: "Uu!......"
She attacked my urethra with the sides of her fingers.
Taichi: "Uguu......"
Youko: "Like this? Or perhaps, you like it done this way?"
Super high speed piston movements.
This was bad.
Like the onset of prostate fluid due to a pleasure signal sent to my lower abdominal mind through my reproductive organs from a central spinal reaction fallen into an excited state from regional stimulus to the genitalia like a stimulus to my core cerebrum--
I dare you to translate ^that in under five minutes. ?`IX
It seems a phenomenon in which a mixed fluid with a certain kind of wonderful cell is emitted from my urethra is being triggered.
Taichi: "Aaah......wait, stop......!!"
Youko: "......understood."
Taichi: "Eh?"
After ending my phallic fatigue, she retired.
Taichi: "......eh?"
Only a powerless me and leftover flames of lust remained.
And then it was night.
There was no chance of escape.
Since I'm tied down, that's natural.
The best I can do is bite.
However tough my teeth are, it's impossible to bite through chains.
Time flowed on idly.
Toward the weekend.
Taichi: "......nn."
My hips ached.
My body was glowing strangely.
As a result, my rationality seemed to be retreating.
My power to think weakened.
This is a bad situation.
My room mustn't be scarce of change.
Even though I can do nothing but think, my thoughts were too hot to go anywhere.
It was a prison of anguish.
Humans seem to be things that can't ever get used to boredom.
There's also the fact that I can't move my body much.
My heart was stretched out, frustrating me to a maddening degree.
My stimulated libido continued to scorch my body forever.
At this rate I'll be a smoked salmon of lust.
Taichi: "......dammit."
It hurts.
It hurts so much.
I'm sure torture isn't necessary.
You can just tie me up and leave me alone in an empty room.
Unchanging time is slowly but steadily hurting her.
The door opened.
Even if I'm unconscious, my eyes face her.
Taichi: "Ah......"
It was Youko-chan.
There's no one but her left in the world.
She had dinner on a tray.
Hungry......yeah, I am hungry.
Taichi: "I'm hungry......"
A delicate voice, like someone else's, wove words.
And then I was made to eat.
It was curry.
The slightly sweet flavor colored my stomach.
And then water.
I'm already losing my acute senses, and I'm sure there's medicine in it.
But I don't care.
Taichi: "......refill."
Youko-chan brought it without a word.
Taichi: "It's good."
She rubbed my head.
Like this...
I thought,
I'll wither for her without thinking anything,
Throwing away next week.
This person is no different from a stranger.
No.
A repulsion boiled up.
I can't abandon the current me.
I can succeed the will of the me that's maintained himself until now.
The me that sent everyone back.
Hiding numerous memories in his heart......the me like a bomb.
I'll take care of myself.
I'll continue to exist.
Until the day the sky rots.
I'll live on.
And to do that......
Taichi: "Thank you. You can go now."
I said coldly.
Youko: "............"
She didn't walk away.
She put a hand on my crotch.
Taichi: "......don't touch."
Naturally, it was throbbing painfully.
Bravado.
Bravado so as not to be emasculated.
Youko: "......it's swelling up, as if it'll burst."
Taichi: "Whose fault is that?"
The fault of her stimuli and medicine.
I faced her with a gaze as cold as possible.
Youko: "Then......it looks like it'd be best not to touch here."
She gripped the tip with her palm.
Taichi: "......!"
And soon let go.
Taichi: "Are you making fun of me?"
Youko: "I love you."
Her face approached mine.
Youko: "Stick out your tongue. I'll suck on it."
I felt like I'd ejaculate.
Taichi: "......no, thank you."
I tried to look away.
My cheeks were captured, and I was kissed.
Youko: "Nnnnn."
Taichi: "Nn!......Nnmu!......"
She had her way with my mouth.
When my tongue ran away it was immediately arrested, and twisted around by her long tongue.
It was squeezed up with amazing force, and the saliva was rubbed off it.
Taichi: "Nn, nnn......!"
Dammit, my head's swimming.
I feel like I'll return her kiss.
I want to resist.
But,
Taichi: "Nn!"
I penetrated nonresistance.
I...won't become...someone else's possession.
While she sucked strongly, I pulled out of the kiss.
Taichi: "Nnmu!"
It felt like my tongue would come out.
For a moment, my head went white.
This is dangerous......
Taichi: *spit!*
I tried spitting.
At least, to avoid lowering my guard.
For that purpose, I have to resist to the utmost now.
I can't let her see exhaustion at the end of my futile resistance.
Once more, a kiss.
It pierced the void.
Taichi: "Nnmuuuu."
Youko: "Nn! Fuku!......Nn, *kiss*......*kiss*......nnn! Nn! Nnnnn!"
An ardent fellatio.
My hips floated in an instant.
As if all the water content in my mouth was being sucked out.
Her long tongue invaded my throat.
I had no means to stop it.
Heat poured down into my oral cavity.
I knew the flavor of her tongue well.
It twisted.
Maddening, crawling and undulating like an anteater's tongue.
Youko: "*kiss* *kiss*......nn! *lick*......*lick* nn......nnnu, uun! Fuu..."
Occasionally, our breath mixed.
I got goosebumps.
Even from her lower limbs touching my crotch, I felt something supreme.
She sweetly bit my lips.
Light pain accompanied that, scorching my consciousness.
And particularly deep.
Youko: "Nnn, nnu! Mun......nnnnn, nna......*kiss* *kiss* *kissssss*......"
Taichi: "......!!"
I felt like I'd release just from being kissed.
She sensed that and separated.
Taichi: "Nn......"
Her knee on my crotch pushed over my aroused penis.
I lost sight of pleasure's domed top, as it smoldered, cycling down to my base.
I went mad.
Youko: "You're drooling......Taichi......"
Taichi: "......"
I can't control my own body.
Youko: "......nn......what a waste......"
She licked.
Youko: "Drink mine too."
Another kiss.
A sickening amount of saliva flowed into me.
Taichi: "Nnn!"
Forever, and ever.
Youko: "Nn! Nn......nnn......*kiss* nnnnn!......"
Saliva.
Enough to quench my dried throat.
After being made to drink it for some time, she changed to soft caresses inside my mouth.
Youko: "*kiss!* aan......nn! Fun, *lick!*......nnn, nnnnnnn."
Her tongue had changed to an eminent sexual organ.
Taichi: "Nn......nnn......"
I could not reject it.
My lips were far away, and I was covered in a lonely sensation.
Youko: "Huhu! So cute......are you feeling it?"
She's laughing.
Youko: "......your mouth......is feeling it......nnnnnnn!"
She licked all around the inside of my mouth one last time, then stood up.
Taichi: "Ha! Haaa......"
Breathing.
I was aware of how lonely that felt.
She looked in my underwear, and after confirming I hadn't ejaculated, left with the utensils.
Taichi: "......goddamn it!"
I screamed.
I realized that it'd become night.
It seems that I'd been wandering in the void.
Taichi: "U......"
My excrement was being dealt with, and I was being made to eat......or so it felt.
It was unclear whether that was today, or something from yesterday.
A room with nothing.
Stolen freedom.
My consciousness was going white, as if covered in mist.
My thought power was becoming paralyzed.
What day is today?
Wasn't it Thursday?
What happened...yesterday was it?
The lack of changes was making my sense of time go mad.
This sucks.
My stomach growled.
I seem to be hungry.
The door opened.
It was her.
Holding a bucket of hot water.
Aaah, bath time.
Youko: "Now......I'll wipe your body."
Taichi: "......whatever."
But even though my mouth said that, my body was honest.
The moment I saw Youko-chan, my whole body's skin bubbled.
I had been anticipating.
For the fragment of intense pleasure she would give me.
She stooped down beside me.
She rolled up my clothes and lightly gripped my penis.
It was already vertical, and felt like it'd burst at any moment.
But she's controlling the stimulus so it stays right at the edge.
I'm being toyed with without climaxing.
Taichi: "Uuu!......"
Her lips sucked on my bare chest.
Taichi: "Nn......"
Youko: "......nn......*kiss*......*lick*......"
She carefully attacked my nipples.
Youko: "Nnn......nn!......Taichi's nipples...are getting hard......*kiss* nnn!......"
Taichi: "Shut up......"
Youko: "Here too......hu!......Nnfu! Nn......nnnnnnn......"
My rod was crumpled.
In an instant.
It won't reach a climax.
Youko: "......aan......nn!......Nnnnn......*lick*...... *lick!*......nnn."
The tip of her tongue swept my chest.
When she poked my neck, even my pelvis shook.
Youko: "*chuckle*......just now, you twitched......was it here?"
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "Nnnnnnn, nnn, nnnnnnnnnnn, nnfu! Fuun, nn, nnnnn......"
My whole body took on heat.
But I wasn't given a chance to emit it.
Once again, my whole body returned to her lips.
Youko: "Nn, nnn, uuu......nnn, *kiss*......nn, ahaa! ......Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnn."
As she proclaimed, she wiped my whole body using only her mouth.
Youko: "......you're clean now, right?"
Taichi: "Yeah......"
......except for one part of my body.
But by the usual pattern, this is when---
Youko: "Good night, Taichi."
Before my eyes, that girl was there.
Oh august you.
She, who'd always maintained her unchanging self, was now becoming tense.
Taichi: "This is......bad......"
I'm......getting stressed.
Because when I'm approached, I feel the scent of her body.
Taichi: "Why is this..."
With a bewitching smile, she informed me,
Youko: "This is a vow......we'll carve it into our lives so that we'll die together on the same day."
Taichi: "Carve?"
Youko: "We'll become one mind and body."
And then, two small shadows overlapped.
........................
A dream?
An old dream.
So these memories remained too.
I'm pretty sure, this was the first time I met her......
My consciousness suddenly cleared.
Taichi: "Aaah, that's right......I..."
I'd been confined.
I saw the night sky through the window.
Today was Thursday, right?
Taichi: "Escape......I have to...escape..."
And then, just like usual,
Taichi: "........................"
Aaah, has it become morning?
Midday......maybe?
My sense of time was completely gone.
I'm sure the meal periods are being thrown off each time, so I can't judge it by my stomach any more.
Flowing away with yet another hour, another minute of the same suffering.
I realized I was looking at the doorknob.
Anticipating a visitor.
And then I realized.
After thinking, that I was in a deep solitude.
After only a few days?
Just by being locked up in my room?
I was a child; I was being so optimistic.
To think of living alone.
To think of being able to make it alone.
Why did I think that?
My body was hot.
My legs were rubbing against each other, but the pulsing in my crotch wouldn't die down.
The doorknob turned.
Taichi: "......!"
I looked.
There was no leeway.
Change. Lust. Hunger.
Various desires floated up like a fever.
Taichi: "......Youko......chan."
My lust in particular was at its limit.
My body felt like tearing apart.
First I was made to drink water.
Various things were dealt with.
My body was wiped with a steamed towel.
Once those were finished, her fingertips caressed my lower abdomen.
My penis bent backward as if anticipating.
Youko: "You're perky......Taichi."
Taichi: "............"
I didn't have the spirit to argue.
Youko: "It seems like it'll end......before too long......"
Youko: "So......just one lick."
Taichi: "!?"
Her oral cavity covered and hid my dilation.
Youko: "Nn......nnnnn......*kiss* *kiss*......nnnnnnnn! Nnuu! Nn! Nn!......Nnnnnnn......!"
Taichi: "Uwa! AH!!?"
My lower body jumped like a sweetfish.
I'm cumming!!
Youko: "Okay, that's it."
Taichi: "Uuu......"
I moaned from the bottom of my heart.
Half-killing. Hell.
My body twisted, my knees rose, my forehead stayed, my teeth gritted.
......
............
........................
Youko: "......Taichi, you're cute, I love you."
Taichi: "Ha......n......"
And then she walked out.
A toy.
I'm...a toy.
No, a tool, somehow.
Taichi: "Haha......"
Comical doll dependency---
And then, just like always,
Morning came again.
A morning without sparrows or cicadas.
A morning that didn't feel real.
True or false, skin and flesh.
A butterfly's dream.
I'd been lamenting not having an unending dream.
Night.
Since it's dark.
It's also dark when I close my eyes.
I mistake it for night.
When I open my eyes, it's midday.
During that blink the world was created and destroyed.
I breathed.
Tiny amounts of stress accumulated and made me do that.
Youko: "......"
Youko-chan was suddenly there.
An illusion?
The scent of a girl.
Reality?
Youko: "How do you feel?"
Feel?
I don't know.
I can't think.
About feelings---
I just think, that I want to disappear.
I can't avoid what I think.
And then when my consciousness leaped again, I was mounted.
Youko: "......it's been a long time......since I connected...with Taichi."
Taichi: "Ha, haa......haa......"
Her hot private parts adhered with my tip.
There was a sensation of mist.
When I looked up, her eyes were wet and shining.
Heatless moonlight poured over her black hair, shining back in rainbows.
I was possessed.
Youko: "......see, it's going in......just a little... ......nn!"
Like that, I penetrated a few centimeters.
Youko: "Ah......it's stuck......it feels stuck......"
Taichi: "Ah, aaah......nn......"
Youko: "Right?"
Taichi: "......ha, ku!......"
I gritted my teeth and endured.
It only had the opposite effect.
I can't do anything else.
And then, I didn't know why I was enduring.
Youko: "If I open my legs......nn......like this... ......it'll go in all the way......!"
Scripted words faintly shook back my thoughts.
Taichi: "You should......do that......"
Words came out of my own mouth, and I was a little relieved.
Youko: "No, say you want me to."
Youko: "......say 'I want you.'"
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "Yearn for me."
Taichi: "......I want you."
Youko: "Do you want me to do it?"
Taichi: "I want you to do it......"
Youko: "All the way?"
Taichi: "All the way."
My answers were mechanical, but she seemed satisfied.
Youko: "Then......I'm going......nn......nnnnn! Nn......nnnnn!!!!"
Taichi: "Uwa......!"
My field of vision became all white.
The slime covering that region felt like a stimulus to my whole body.
Youko: "......that made...my mind...all white......nn... ......nnn!......"
The same seems to be happening to her.
Youko: "So I'll go slowly, okay?"
She dropped her hips.
Youko: "Nnnnn, nn!......Aaaaaaaaah."
She brought them up.
Dropped.
Brought up.
Dropped.
Making use of her vaginal walls, she scraped thoroughly along my vertically aroused part.
How many years has it been since I connected with her?
I'm pretty sure Mutsumi-san caught us.
Yeah, with my proper time, asking how many years ago it was is meaningless.
Because the actual date isn't being counted.
Youko: "Aan......nn......slowly, slowly......"
Her fleshy contractions,
Her delicate inner walls,
Sent a lurid satisfaction into me.
I felt like climaxing.
Taichi: "Uu......uuu!"
Youko: "......nn......no......not yet......"
She stopped.
Youko: "Haa! Haa, haa......so hot......it's like my insides are burning......"
Taichi: "Youko-chan."
My voice betrayed me.
With one body motion, I had a premonition of bursting.
My stress was conveyed to her.
Youko: "Cum deep inside."
She sunk her hips at once.
I gave way.
Youko: "......nnnnnnn, ------!!!!"
Taichi: "AH!!"
Youko: "Ah......"
The discharge time continued for an abnormally long time.
A feeling that what I'd been saving up all this time overflowed all at once.
Thrusting through from my crotch to my brain.
Youko: "......ha......nn......so hooot......aan, you're still cumming......"
With a sensation of disgorging several big blobs of semen.
Youko: "Nn......it seems......you're still cumming......"
Taichi: "Haa..."
It finally ended.
Collapse came.
Youko: "......you're not even close to finished......"
Youko: "I'll continue......okay?"
My body was still hot, and my other self inside her had maintained his hardness.
Taichi: "Sure......"
She moved.
Since I can't use my arms, I can't straddle.
Unable to take the initiative, I continued to enjoy it.
I'm sure there's no time left.
That must be why I released.
Because if I didn't, I probably wouldn't accept her.
Youko: "Ha! Ha! Ah!......Aaa, nn! Nnah! Uu......nnn, ah! Haaa!"
The sensation of both our juices had been dulling, but after moving several times her vaginal pressure had chased out the excess fluids.
She and I. Our low, muffled breaths overlapped.
The hand she left on my stomach tickled.
Youko: "Nnn, ah! Aan, nn......"
Occasionally, I must have hit good spots, because her throat bent back and she purred.
Youko: "Nnnnn, nnah! Ah!......Fua, hi, aaa, kya!..."
Youko: "Aau......uu!......Yes!......"
Youko: "Ah!! Ha!...Nn......nnn!......Haa......"
The vaginal fluid blown out drenched my lower body. It was cold.
But that slight displeasure was being blotted out by overpowering pleasure.
Her vagina twisted harshly.
She'd spun her hips.
Taichi: "Ah, uu."
Youko: "Taichi......will you cum, again? Do you want to cum?"
I nodded silently.
Youko: "Then, I'll move quickly......so you can cum again......"
Youko-chan moved just like she said.
Her hair was scattering lightly, spreading out a pink color on her skin, white with the moonlight.
She began her final spurt.
Youko: "Nn! Nnn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn! Nn---"
The second time.
I climaxed a bit earlier.
Taichi: "......!"
Youko: "......haa......ah! I'm......cumming......!!!---!!"
She matched up with me.
Her body collapsed, and she kissed me.
Youko: "Haa, Taichi......nn......nnnnn......*kiss*......"
Youko: "Yaa......you overflowed......amazing......"
My erection still wasn't finished.
Youko: "......looks like we can keep going......"
This conduct continued ad infinitum.
The dull numbness of my penis at the pinnacle moment became a natural state of being.
How long did that last?
Youko: "Nnn......nn! Ha! Aha! Ha! Haaa! ......Nn......ah......cumming......I'm cumming too......again......I'm---! ------!!!"
She rose up as a bow.
Her vagina tightened.
Becoming the final trigger, urging my ejaculation.
Youko: "Ha! Haa, haa......"
The excitement left.
At that moment, I was conscious of the cold, stained sheets under my butt.
Youko: "Are you...satisfied?"
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "I've made you eager for days, so it felt good, didn't it......?"
Youko: "It did for me too."
Youko: "Nn---"
And then when my consciousness leaped again, I was mounted.
Youko: "......it's been a long time......since I connected...with Taichi."
........................
........................
I think......today is Sunday.
My head was feeling refreshed.
Because yesterday... Yes, yesterday...I disgorged everything.
My passion left, and rationality returned.
You could say that meant Youko-chan made a mistake.
Taichi: "......can I take these off?"
The parts of the chains connected to the bed were the most fragile.
I put continuous force on them, but there was no sign of them coming off.
Which means......I really do have nothing but the joker.
I became melancholic.
Someone who was once my other half.
Would this...be a betrayal?
But......I still......don't want to disappear.
It'd hurt to be returned to square one after losing to myself.
Surmounting oneself is as hard as writing 'self-denial,' but......you know...
Since I hate myself.
I don't want to lose to a guy I hate.
I don't hate Youko-chan, but...
I have to hurt her.
Even she has a weak point.
After piercing that point, she'll easily reach breakdown; it'll be a mortal wound.
I closed my eyes, and thought.
From the first time I met her, until now.
My eyes opened. There's no hesitation.
Sorry, Youko-chan.
I'm going to do something unfair.
........................
And then---
Youko: "Morning."
Taichi: "......"
Youko: "......I'll wipe your body."
Youko: "You want to at least be clean at the end, right?"
Taichi: "......"
And then, when she finished her work, she said,
Youko: "This is goodbye."
Taichi: "......"
Youko: "Since we've become phenomena, useless sentimentality is unnecessary......but..."
Youko: "......Taichi......I'm sorry."
Youko: "There's no way to maintain all of the proper you."
Youko: "So......I'll say it one last time..."
Taichi: "......"
Youko: "Come with me."
An entreaty.
That attitude of hers surprised me a little.
If "attitude" sounds like "bitchiness" here the way English sometimes makes it, please mess with it. ?`IX
Youko: "Until our current bodies are hurt......we can spend the same time together......"
Youko: "It won't be eternal, but..."
Youko: "I think it will be valuable time for us."
Youko: "......Taichi?"
I appreciate the offer, but...
I'm......
Taichi: "............"
Youko: "......I see."
She took my silence as denial and made a small sigh.
Youko: "Bye Taichi, see you next week."
Youko: "Though I doubt you'll remember this."
And then she left.
I opened...my mouth.
Taichi: "......weakling."
She froze in place.
Youko: "......eh?"
Taichi: "I said 'weakling.'"
Taichi: "On top of that, a traitor."
She turned around, and her face looked like a wax figure's.
Youko: "............Taichi."
I tried smiling.
With a little malice.
Taichi: "Did you think that I'd forgotten?"
Taichi: "That my memories had flown away from the shock?"
Taichi: "......I do remember. Everything."
Taichi: "Or did you think that there was no way I'd touch on it?"
Taichi: "That it wasn't possible with my way of thinking?"
I beat up my frozen childhood friend with words.
Taichi: "I loved you......I really did love you."
My memory returned at once to my childhood.
Taichi: "You, who I met in the library and never talked to."
Taichi: "Your back was always straight, and you gazed only at yourself, not mingling with anyone."
Taichi: "I loved you that way."
Taichi: "But, I never wanted to get to know you."
Taichi: "Because there was no need to contact you."
Youko: "............"
Taichi: "But, I couldn't do anything about being cornered by you, and destroyed."
Taichi: "I do sympathize a little with that. I did know what happened, and I do think I was more respectable back then than I am now,"
Taichi: "But because you broke that tacit understanding..."
Youko: "......stop."
A voice shaking weakly.
Taichi: "You spoke to me."
Youko: "Taichi."
Taichi: "Wasn't I your one and only ally in that mansion?"
Taichi: "That's why I suddenly became conscious of it."
Youko: "......it doesn't matter...how things happened."
Youko: "I just chose Taichi."
She'd rallied herself and made her inner fright submit in order to say that.
Impressively, her voice was regular.
Youko: "I don't try to think about how to describe the inner workings of the heart."
Youko: "I love and adore you."
Youko: "We are one mind and body. A bond that cannot be cut."
Youko: "I think...that's just fine."
Taichi: "I don't think so."
Taichi: "You......would have been fine with anyone."
Taichi: "With anyone who would be a competent ally."
Taichi: "You chose me? That's not it. It was automatic. Because there was no one other than me."
Taichi: "What was the result of that?"
Taichi: "You lost your independence, and I......became a monster..."
Taichi: "And then---"
Youko: "......stop!"
New Youko sprite gets used around here, I think it's worth seeing at least once while editing. ?`IX
For the first time,
She showed violent emotions.
That's the domain of fear, Youko-chan---
Taichi: "It's true."
Taichi: "Not for a day have I forgotten. Because those were my roots."
Taichi: "One mind and body. We certainly made that promise."
Taichi: "......but being one mind and body...means completely assenting to one another."
Youko-chan quivered one step back.
Taichi: "That day,"
Taichi: "The day you and I took each other's hands,"
Taichi: "The day we elaborately contrived......planned, and tried to massacre the Shinkawas."
Taichi: "The day of revenge!"
Taichi: "Isn't that what you said?"
Taichi: "Wasn't it something you tried to do?"
Taichi: "The original Youko-chan would have tried to pull that off alone!"
Taichi: "But you relied on me!"
Taichi: "And then---"
Youko: "......no...no, no!"
Youko: "That's......wrong......"
Taichi: "It's not wrong."
I loaded my chosen words.
Bullets sure to kill a beast.
For myself. For me to remain myself. For tomorrow. For next week. For me to regret everything next Monday and immerse myself in nostalgic memories that Sunday. And, for me and the things I like to continue to be me and the things I like.
For the final crossing of my life.
I pulled the trigger---
Taichi: "Because that day, you didn't kill a single one."
Hasekura Youko broke into a radioactive state.
Taichi: "......I killed them all."
Taichi: "With traps and flames and blades."
Taichi: "Didn't I kill them all?"
Taichi: "Didn't you do nothing at all!?"
Youko: "......nooo!"
She screamed.
Only her scream was still strong.
Back then, I was just the one who did it---
I did it one-hundred percent for her.
Taichi: "......you were just afraid."
Taichi: "If that was it......it'd be fine."
Taichi: "I was satisfied just by releasing and returning you to your former self."
Taichi: "......everything ended......you looked at the returned me......"
Taichi: "Didn't you...feel...terror?"
Her sole deep-rooted feeling.
Her backstory with me.
Trauma.
Youko: "......uu......"
Taichi: "How are we one mind and body?"
Taichi: "How am I your everything?"
Taichi: "You're a traitor. Mimi-sempai was cute compared to you."
Taichi: "After I killed dozens, after I rushed into an irrevocable domain, after I broke......the half of me that should have been my sole ally......rejected me!"
Youko: "............no......I......"
Taichi: "That moment, my sense of values broke down."
Taichi: "I no longer understood anything."
Taichi: "My heart...became far removed from a human's."
Taichi: "......after that......I thank you for raising me back again......"
Taichi: "Thanks to that I was able to pretend to be a person."
Taichi: "I love and adore you. On the paperwork at least."
Taichi: "But, why were you unable to cut me away back then?"
Taichi: "That's my only real question."
A question came to her eyes.
Taichi: "Wasn't I unnecessary once you were done with me?"
Youko: "But......I fell in love......with Taichi, so......"
Taichi: "A person at the zenith like you wouldn't want such degenerate love."
Youko: "......!?"
Taichi: "If you'd gone on that way, surely you would have become something incredible. You idiot."
Taichi: "You threw so much time at maintaining me......"
Taichi: "What me would satisfy you?"
Taichi: "We aren't the same as you say."
Taichi: "I have absolutely no need of you whatsoever. And you---"
Youko: "......stop!"
Taichi: "You shouldn't have any need of me either."
Taichi: "You're here...by inertia...and the momentum from that incident."
Taichi: "And then, you pretended not to notice...that rudimentary deception."
Taichi: "......can that be forgiven? Is that something... ...you can forgive yourself for?"
Taichi: "Will Hasekura Youko forgive that?"
Taichi: "Isn't the stage you're remaining on altogether too small?"
Taichi: "......I don't think the Youko-chan I know would forgive that."
Youko: "......Taichi, cease......I'm begging you......"
Taichi: "You nearly got killed for trying to use me."
Taichi: "As someone who'd be your unconditional ally until your own heart healed."
Taichi: "As a convenient and precise pawn."
Taichi: "And because of these eyes."
Taichi: "To you, there was only one choice in that environment."
Taichi: "Adults were useless. They're easy to trace."
Taichi: "But a child..."
Taichi: "......it would be judged that a child couldn't possibly kill dozens."
Taichi: "The choice called me. Wasn't that the absolute right choice?"
Taichi: "One body and one mind; a vow that should have been carved into our lives."
Taichi: "It was a suggestion."
Taichi: "It was pleasure and compulsive obsession."
Taichi: "......to think that you'd shrink back."
Taichi: "When I dismembered the first one, splattering you with brains and blood and guts, that was all it took......"
Taichi: "You became unable to move a muscle."
Taichi: "......and then you stopped."
Youko: "......sto......p......"
Taichi: "I continued moving. Comparatively speaking."
Taichi: "......because I idolized you."
Taichi: "I did my best. So much so that I became strange."
Taichi: "And I can also conclude this:"
Taichi: "You're not in love with me or anything."
Taichi: "......you're afraid of me."
Youko: "............!"
Taichi: "When you feared me, there were only two choices."
Taichi: "Would you disappear? Or would you assimilate?"
Taichi: "That was the request made to a system in your heart."
Taichi: "A safety system, different from feelings."
Taichi: "You degraded who you once were, damaged and destroyed me, and wished for a phenomenon."
Taichi: "What if you went back now?"
I informed her gently.
Youko: "............no......I don't......"
Youko: "I don't want to go back. I want to be with you."
Taichi: "Because you have a strong, superficially excellent mind, you can't disobey a resolve once laid down."
Taichi: "You had become automatic."
Taichi: "What would you do if you were crushed under your own weight?"
Taichi: "That's like a scientifically analyzed monster."
Taichi: "Remove the chains."
Youko-chan wouldn't move.
Taichi: "I'm telling you to remove them."
She left the room and brought the key.
Her shaking hands unlocked the chains.
I was released.
Taichi: "......I'll live, the way I am now."
Taichi: "Will you try and stop me by force? I don't intend to lose this time."
Youko: "......I don't want...to resist Taichi."
Taichi: "Then do you want to be sent back on your last legs? Or do you want to end it yourself?"
Youko: "But......even if I return to a world without Taichi......"
Taichi: "If you choose the former, I will send you back by force."
Taichi: "And then I'll cut off all relations with you in my heart."
Youko: "Aaaaah......"
Taichi: "If you choose the latter, then I won't do that."
Youko: "......I don't want......either of them......"
Youko: "Even so, I love Taichi---"
Taichi: "Don't use your heart as a pretense for acting against others!"
When I yelled, she twitched.
I put a hand on her shoulder.
Taichi: "You'll be alone...until you die."
I informed her gently.
Taichi: "All people are."
Youko: "............"
She fell to her knees.
She covered her face and sighed.
Her voice didn't leak. She was silent.
I pushed the corners of her eyes, as if combing her hair with my fingers.
Is she crying or not?
Hasekura Youko just stayed still with her face covered.
That was her crying out.
And---
I brought her to the hokora. It was as if she'd lost her soul.
Taichi: "I have one last thing to say."
Taichi: "I really did love you."
Youko: "......Taichi."
Taichi: "Since I was always watching you."
Youko: "May I ask one thing?"
Taichi: "Nn?"
Youko: "......everyone, whether often or rarely, falls in love with people automatically."
Youko: "So......what can I do to fall in love correctly?"
Taichi: "Don't desire rewards. That's all there is to it."
Youko: "............!"
Taichi: "The moment you desire a reward, I think it becomes a business dealing."
Taichi: "Exchange, trade."
Taichi: "Something that can give you what's good for you."
Taichi: "To say it another way, self-love that allows foreign trading."
Taichi: "There's no way to deny that."
Taichi: "But, to become a pair that way......I must be beyond hopeless."
I forced a smile.
Taichi: "Friendship isn't the only thing that desires nothing in return."
Taichi: "The answer was nearby."
Youko: "Was it something that couldn't ever have happened?"
Youko: "Because I destroyed Taichi......?"
Taichi: "Even though I didn't become of one mind and body with you......I'm sure that I saved you."
Taichi: "And that we've come neatly to the same conclusion."
Youko: "What......?"
She showed a slightly tired smile.
Youko: "Then......I should've...remained a princess......"
Taichi: "That's right."
Taichi: "But at the time, because you needed something pure to give you a shot in the arm......"
Taichi: "The possibility of you using the nearby me really was high."
Taichi: "You should've just cut me off after using me."
Taichi: "Since even if you did, I probably would have continued loving you."
Youko: "Isn't that lonely?"
Youko: "Being given nothing by your other......isn't that lonely?"
Taichi: "......I love...looking at beautiful things."
Taichi: "That comes first. It always has."
Taichi: "That feeling alone was my very first emotion."
Taichi: "That's why...I'm fine."
Youko: "......if......Taichi ever returns to the other side......"
Youko: "I'll...make another attempt."
Taichi: "Yeah."
Taichi: "You'd better at least become the king of Japan by then, Youko-chan."
Youko: "......that might be too hard."
Youko: "Since I'd have to make it a monarchy."
Taichi: "It wouldn't be."
I smiled.
She remained looking down.
Taichi: "Goodbye, Hasekura Youko."
Taichi: "Oh august you---"
I lowered my head reverently.
Youko: "......good......by-......"
I saw her crying face.
With that I was immediately satisfied.
I closed my eyes.
Youko: "............"
Youko: "............"
Youko: "............"
Youko: "............ah."
Youko: "......my chest...hurts......so this is a broken heart......"
Youko: "I never knew......"
Taichi: "............"
For a while, I stayed there.
A sense of accomplishment.
A sense of loss.
They were getting mixed up, and I couldn't deal with them.
At long last---
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
I screamed to the sky.
There was no meaning.
I just threw out my emotions.
Taichi: "It's over."
Everything.
I'm alone in the world.
The place I should be.
It's become my sanctuary.
Nanaka: "......you did well."
Taichi: "You again?"
She hadn't come out for a while.
Nanaka: "Why don't I hold you?"
Taichi: "I do kinda feel like that......but no."
Taichi: "This week...is Youko-chan's after all."
Nanaka: "......I see."
For my eyes, this was probably the last time.
They were starting to lose their tapetum function......I guess.
The existence of the gate looked vaguer than before.
As the function of my eyes becomes normal, they should become unable to observe.
Unless I'm reset, of course.
But I have no such intention.
Nanaka: "It's about time."
Taichi: "Yeah, about time."
Nanaka: "Good work."
Taichi: "Yeah......thank you, mom."
Nanaka: "Nahaha."
Nanaka: "See you next week then."
Nanaka disappeared without a trace. Conspicuously.
I realized.
Taichi: "......did I say 'mom?'"
And then, the world's twilight---
I went to the cafeteria.
Sakuraba had been eating curry bread.
This guy's simple. Piece of cake.
I'll just have to push his body over there on Sunday.
Taichi: "Sakurabaaa."
Sakuraba: "Nnn?"
Taichi: "Come to my house on Sunday morning."
Sakuraba: "Understood. I'll be there."
Although I can't just trust him, of course.
Tried "trust him"
I woke up.
Sunlight was penetrating through the window.
I must have been sleeping soundly. I didn't have a single dream.
The time......7 A.M.
I have to go to school.
Sakuraba: "Yo."
Taichi: "Here."
I handed him a surgical mask.
Sakuraba: "Okay."
He put it on without any questions.
Sakuraba: "I'm hungry."
Taichi: "You're not eating?"
Sakuraba: "I'm preparing for first period class."
Taichi: "......is eating curry bread your class?"
Sakuraba: "Until the day curry bread is no more."
He decided coolly.
Just like the records said.
Taichi: "Can't you just eat instant curry?"
Sakuraba: "I hate curry."
Just like the records said.
The records are accomplishing a lot.
Sakuraba: *hekkusu!!*
Taichi: "......hu, there's the hexagonal tragedy."
This was also in the records.
From what I've confirmed so far, its occurrence rate was above fifteen percent.
Which calculates to being hit with a snot bridge one out of every seven times.
But a great person in the past (me) devised a means of evasion through equipping him with a mask.
Sakuraba: "......can I take the mask off?"
Taichi: "I cannot allow that."
Sakuraba: "Life......is a harsh thing."
Taichi: "That's exactly right."
Taichi: "I'll go home now."
Sakuraba: "......I see."
Taichi: "Make sure you come to my house on Sunday morning."
Sakuraba: "Understood. Not a problem."
Can I trust him?
Wednesday.
To school.
A gate to prevent running away.
It didn't seem to be protecting the students so much as protecting the outside world from us.
That's the impression it held.
Taichi: "Here again?"
Sakuraba: "......I've become bored."
Taichi: "Indeed."
Taichi: "I have one thing to say to you. You, who is covered in a sense of negligence,"
Taichi: "Don't go off on a journey."
Sakuraba: "Understood."
Taichi: "Get my permission first."
Sakuraba: "Understood."
Taichi: "That instantaneous compliance of yours is what's worrying me! Are you listening!?"
Sakuraba: "It's fine. I'll get your permission first."
Taichi: "So you do understand."
Sakuraba: "Does that go for adventures as well?"
Taichi: "It goes for everything!"
Sakuraba: "Everything......so expeditions too..."
Taichi: "All conduct that involves leaving the town is out."
Sakuraba: "Aaah, that makes sense."
Really?
Sakuraba: "Hey, I have one question."
Taichi: "Aan?"
Sakuraba: "You know the kanji written with two men and one woman?"
Taichi: "Yeah."
Sakuraba: "Isn't it stimulating?"
Taichi: "......aren't you impotent?"
Sakuraba: "Taichiii!"
Sakuraba: "Heeey, Taichiii!"
Taichi: "What? What?"
Sakuraba: "I've decided to go on a journey!"
Taichi: "......"
Karade chop to the neck.
Sakuraba collapsed.
Sakuraba: "......uuu, on a journey......"
Taichi: "You're still saying that?"
Taichi: "Journeys are prohibited."
Sakuraba: "That's pretty harsh......"
Taichi: "Prohibited until next week."
Sakuraba: "They'll be fine next week?"
Taichi: "Yeah, they're okay from next week on. Just a few more days of perseverance."
Sakuraba: "I see......okay, understood."
Taichi: "You're a spontaneous guy. You said nothing about this yesterday."
Sakuraba: "Please listen."
Taichi: "What is it?"
Sakuraba: "I've grown bored of curry bread."
Taichi: "......you know..."
Sakuraba: "They no longer stimulate me enough. I'm going to go and search for something more interesting."
Taichi: "I have a feeling that the blood of fairies runs in your veins."
Sakuraba: "Besides, I might find some people out there."
Taichi: "......hmmm."
So it's not that he isn't thinking about it.
Sakuraba: "Right, right, I was thinking I'd give back the money I borrowed from you."
Taichi: "Yeah, it does feel like you borrowed some......"
Sakuraba: "How much was it?"
Even though there's no longer any meaning in money.
Strange guy.
Taichi: "Well...I don't remember the amount..."
Sakuraba: "For now, I'll hand you my pocket change."
He took out his wallet.
Taichi: "......hmmm."
Sakuraba: "Please use that to pay off whatever was left."
He took a wooden box out of his baggage.
Taichi: "Ah, that's okay......please bring that back with you."
Sakuraba: "Are you sure? I think it's worth some money."
Taichi: "You can't do that. You need to donate it to a history museum somewhere."
Sakuraba: "......?"
Sakuraba: "Hey, about my journey next week,"
Taichi: "Yeah, what is it?"
Sakuraba: "Would you come with me?"
Taichi: "......me? On a journey?"
Sakuraba: "What'll it be?"
Taichi: "......it sounds fun."
Next week.
Taichi: "Sure, I'll go with you."
Sakuraba: "Okay, we'll both become hawks."
Taichi: "Well, please make it a sparrow or a kite."
Sakuraba: "Then, I'll be going on my journey soon."
Taichi: "Wait up!"
Taichi: "Didn't I just tell you to stay here until Sunday!?"
Sakuraba: "Yeah, sorry, I forgot."
Too dangerous.
Taichi: "Sakuraba, you're under arrest."
Sakuraba: "......what?"
Taichi: "An immediate arrest, with no warrant."
Sakuraba: "Immediate!?"
Taichi: "That's right. So live here until Sunday."
Sakuraba: "Muu......"
Taichi: "And now I shall give you the pitiful second name of Sakuraba."
Sakuraba: "Seriously? Isn't that too cool? It's decided."
Too pitiful.
I subdued Sakuraba.
And then, morning---
I woke up.
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Sakuraba, we're going."
leaving*. Standard obscure localization.
Sakuraba: "Aaah......what about breakfast?"
Taichi: "We'll eat when we get there."
Sakuraba: "Understood......"
Taichi: "Let's go."
Sakuraba: "......where are we heading to?"
Taichi: "To a picnic."
Sakuraba: "This is quite an incompetent picnic."
Taichi: "Yep. That is the true concept."
Sakuraba: "I'll go on a journey next week."
Taichi: "Please go, please go."
Okay.
I brought Sakuraba to that place.
Taichi: "Hold this."
Sakuraba: "What's this? A radio?"
Taichi: "I figure it'll be a good indicator."
Taichi: "......so, walk straight ahead here."
Sakuraba: "Okay."
Taichi: "Slowly!"
Sakuraba: "Here?"
Taichi: "Yeah, that's good. Straight ahead......stop there."
Right in my line of fire.
Now there should only be a few minutes left.
This one came down to the wire.
Sakuraba: "......hey, Taichi."
Taichi: "Nn?"
Sakuraba: "Why are we doing this?"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "Why...well, there isn't any real meaning to it."
Sakuraba: "......there probably is a meaning."
Sakuraba: "Because you've got those eyes."
Taichi: "......you...?"
Sakuraba: "Aren't we friends?"
Taichi: "Fr-......!!?"
What was this guy saying!?
I lost any words I had left.
This is the 21st century, you know.
Sakuraba: "Is this the end of our 'hanging out?'"
Taichi: "Sakuraba......you..."
Sakuraba: "That's a lonely thing."
Sakuraba: "If you don't like me, then it can't be helped."
Taichi: "......no, Sakuraba, that's not it."
Sakuraba: "A lot of strange things have been happening lately."
Sakuraba: "The people disappeared......"
The sky darkened.
Sakuraba: "......evening comes suddenly."
There's no time.
I have to send him back.
But...
I can't look at this stupid face again---
Even though that's all there is to it...
Taichi: "Sakuraba......"
Sakuraba: "But the most shocking thing is, that even though you're being chased into a corner, you can't do anything."
Taichi: "You idiot."
Taichi: "Think only about yourself. It's a hundred years too early for you to worry about anyone else. Sakuraba's in no position to say anything serious."
Sakuraba: "......this is what you were like back then."
Taichi: "Wh---"
Sakuraba: "It seems like you've been pushing yourself a lot lately."
Sakuraba: "That takes me back."
Taichi: "......!"
Who I was a long time ago.
Making me remember that at this time...
Taichi: "......just go, you idiot."
*click*---
I 『observed』.
I closed my eyes, and opened them---
Sakuraba: "......Taichi?"
Sakuraba: "......nn......a broadcast?"
Sakuraba: "Taichi? The radio's......"
Sakuraba: "........................"
Sakuraba: "......I see."
Sakuraba: "So that's it."
I returned the 『discrepancy』 called Sakuraba to normal.
Taichi: "Seriously..."
My friend?
Who would say such a thing at a time like this?
Who I ask......
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Comically,
Taichi: "Hahaha, haha."
I couldn't stop laughing.
But,
However much I laughed,
My vision didn't blur---
That's why, Sakuraba.
This was for the best.
I won't see that guy again.
The memories I'd stored up were all that Sakuraba was to me.
Taichi: "......iiidiot."
I became strangely afraid and held my shaking knees.
I looked down and closed my eyes.
Red invaded through my eyelids.
And then, the world revolved again---
Hasekura Youko returned to her room.
Youko: "......"
Despite returning to her territory, Youko did not loosen up.
She passed between the high-stacked towers of academic books, threw her book bag onto the bed and turned on the machines.
In her six-tatami room was a set of three PCs with LCD monitors.
They were arranged in an L-shape in the corner of the room, making it look cramped.
Though all three were fully prepared to take pictures, she hardly ever looked at, much less used, the one machine dedicated to web surfing.
Because there was no one to interact with.
The built-in ceiling-high bookshelves were stuffed with all kinds of specialist books.
Not just in Japanese, but English and German, all of them in disarray.
Since she could read them, there was no point to dividing them up by language.
The shelves couldn't contain all of them, and several columns of books rose up from the floor.
They must have been left untouched recently, since all of the columns had a thin layer of dust.
Other than that, the tools and high-tech machinery stood out.
There were many things in it, but originally the room was a simple one.
A room to achieve an objective.
With only one exception, nothing that could be called 'recreation' existed.
A room filled with knowledge and means.
It was that sort of private room.
She sat in her chair and performed her daily tasks.
Checking e-mail, reading the news.
Political corruption.
Juvenile crime.
Malpractice cover-ups.
The world doesn't change.
There's a smooth increase in people committing suicide.
From the pages about those suicides, Youko casually jumped to a forum, and there her eyes stopped.
Because there was the word 'radio.'
It was an occult site.
'A ghost's voice from the radio' and 'the voice of God' and so on.
It seems to have the power to stop listeners from killing themselves.
She soon lost interest.
In order to check the trends of her investments, she pulled up several foreign sites.
This much was mechanical for her.
Normally she'd read books or mess with the machines to fulfill some need she had.
But she had no plans today.
For the past few days, she's been adjusting her online trade of a number of stocks that showed interesting movements.
It's nice to have capital.
It'll come in handy at some point.
So will physical strength.
Today too, she completed her training.
These automatically completed tasks contributed to maintaining Youko.
She once had an objective.
To enhance herself and go out into the world.
Back when she lived in the Hasekura mansion, she'd thought that was everything.
Hard studies for that purpose.
But the object of her ambition changed at some point.
When she became half a person.
In order to protect an immature companion, she started to sharpen her skills.
And then she lost him.
All indications of him had disappeared.
What does Youko think about herself, she who continues to move around mechanically despite that?
It can't be deduced from her scarce expressions.
She turned off her computers.
The room fell dark at once.
Youko remained sitting in the chair.
Her norm had ended.
There's no longer anything to do.
She looked at the clock. It was too early to sleep.
Then,
Her eyes stopped on the sole item of recreation in her room, leaning against the wall.
A tiny, card-like radio.
The switch had been left in the 'on' position.
Nothing comes in on that wavelength.
Sometimes, it would catch bits of broadcasts from far-off lands.
That was it.
Youko: "............"
Youko sighed, and gave herself up to inactive time.
Just how much of it passed?
Youko had been lightly sleeping, but awakened in an instant.
She stared at the radio.
She thought that she'd heard heavy breathing.
Bringing with it a special nostalgic presence.
Taichi: "......this is......the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club......"
The shock shot through Youko.
She picked up the radio.
She couldn't do anything else.
She didn't even think of recording it.
Taichi: "Is anyone alive out there?"
The radio said it.
There's no doubt.
Youko: "......Tai......chi?"
Taichi: "If you are out there, please listen."
Youko: "Taichi."
But her voice wouldn't reach him.
She listened to the broadcast.
Youko: "............"
Her mouth hung open, and her face looked as if her soul had been pulled out.
Taichi's voice and breathing flowed from the radio.
The broadcast ended in an instant.
She could no longer hear his voice.
Even so, Youko kept her ear up against the radio.
She loved him.
She adored him.
He was the opposite gender.
As Taichi said, Youko's feelings might have been impure.
Youko-chan was too preferential when it came to automatically acting toward an objective.
That form of love could be seen as ugly.
But......her feelings were real.
Taichi, and no one else, threw Youko's heart into disorder.
She wasn't perfect herself.
Youko knew that.
Especially because of her childhood.
She used a boy that looked upon her with admiration and warped his mind.
On the day of the massacre, the weakness of being unable to kill a single person.
She merely held her knife and stood still among the corpses.
Other people she had no interest in. The first time she'd seen something destroyed.
An existence which merely shuddered at the ugliness of the world.
A one-sided bond that wasn't even codependency.
What should she have done?
What could she have done to be able to walk with Taichi?
Calm thought with no confusion.
Which was now quivering like a helpless child.
Youko: "Uuuuu......"
Sobbing.
She failed.
She failed she failed she failed.
Taichi: "......next week."
The broadcast ended.
At the same time, she broke down in tears.
Youko: "Uuuuuuuuu, uuuuuuuuuuu......"
It was a regret of extraordinary mass.
To Youko, an emotion she'd never felt in her life.
An extremely acute one.
She thought, from the bottom of her heart,
If only I'd done better--
Tomoki: "......Nee-san, the bath's warm now."
Shima Tomoki called to his sister, Misato, in the as yet unsettled room of their mother's house.
Misato: "Thank you."
The door opened partway.
In his cutoff field of vision, he could see one of Misato's knees drawn up.
Tomoki: "............"
That bothered him a little.
He dipped just his upper body into the room and gazed.
Until now they'd used it as a storehouse.
A dusty, empty room.
And yet just from a girl sleeping here for a few days, it smelled like this.
Tomoki found that mysterious.
Tomoki had been conscious of his sister's gender for a long time.
Him not straying from the path......was because of their common temperament, and his cowardice being a match for his urges.
Now that she's here, Tomoki's primitive emotional urges are being diluted.
Misato: "......what's wrong?"
Misato finally noticed.
Tomoki looked at what his sister had been watching.
Tomoki: "That radio......is that...?"
Misato: "It is."
She held it out.
Misato: "This is......the one from back then......"
She forced a smile.
Tomoki: "......"
They were once friends.
Even in Gunjou, an assembly of weird people, they were especially eccentric.
The boy made out to be the most seriously ill in Gunjou.
He was in a perpetual noisy state, always making a commotion, and playing troublesome pranks.
But Misato knew.
When she peeked at him to try and surprise him, his face was unbelievably emotionless......that sort of boy.
When he noticed Misato's existence, his eyes would half-heartedly focus and then slowly make a smile.
Yes, make one.
He consciously constructs smiles.
In essence, he didn't understand what people were.
It was quite a while after meeting him that she found out he was mimicking.
Hasekura Youko warned her just once.
I don't mind you being his friend. But, be prepared---
Was he that frightening a boy?
He certainly did have a strangely dangerous side.
Misato is still worrying about that, even now.
Unexpectedly, the radio made a noise.
Tomoki: "......what just-?"
Misato: "Shh!"
She cleared her ears.
They both shared a faint anticipation.
Filled with the same kind of tension.
Eventually, the radio began picking up small sounds.
Taichi: "......are there......people......listening to......this broadcast?"
Taichi's voice.
Tomoki: "......what...is......?"
Misato: "Peke-kun......"
She twisted the tuner and stabilized the sound.
She held her breath and listened.
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Taichi: "I'm here again this week."
Taichi: "Which week is this? Well, whatever."
Taichi: "It's probably the fifth or sixth."
It was a voice as unconcerned as it was dumbfounded.
Taichi: "As always, are you all alive out there? Are you doing well?"
Taichi: "I'm doing well."
Taichi: "......I'm coming to terms with things, and living."
Misato: "......"
Tomoki: "......"
Taichi: "How to put it......I'm really living desperately."
The boy sniffled.
Taichi: "Recently, a lot of things have come to the surface......"
Taichi: "A long time ago, I came to understand a lot of things I wanted to know."
Taichi: "I was crying and sniveling."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "This is one of the things I've been thinking recently."
Taichi: "What if I could fall in love with someone unconditionally?"
Taichi: "I knew it was precious. But I didn't think it was precious."
Taichi: "It's like I know it logically, but my feelings can't accept it......"
Taichi: "I was making light of the people around me, as if they were worthless objects."
Taichi: "I kept my distance, alone, not conversing."
Taichi: "As if I had no interest."
Taichi: "But, the truth was different."
Taichi: "I just didn't know how to love people......and I wished."
Taichi: "Yes, certain people taught me."
Taichi: "To love myself, for my own sake."
Taichi: "That that was all I needed."
Taichi: "That I didn't have to think past that."
Taichi: "If they hadn't......I'd probably only be able to love siblings, family, and others who were naturally beside me."
Misato thought.
About falling in love.
What sort of labor has Taichi done to do that?
Tomoki thought.
To Taichi, was he an existence that could be called a friend?
Taichi: "When I was able to understand, everyone was gone."
Taichi: "That's why I'm speaking like this."
Taichi: "You don't have to respond. Just listening is fine."
Taichi: "That's why......I'll be here."
Taichi: "Whoever you may be on the other side,"
Taichi: "I will certainly be here."
Taichi: "See you next week."
The voice cut off like a string snapping.
The radio no longer threw out words.
The siblings' eyes met.
Misato: "It's him......"
Tomoki nodded.
Tomoki: "......Taichi."
They both stopped still in the thin darkness.
They didn't try to speak.
They could only be quiet.
Misato embraced the radio.
Though the cold plastic had no traces of the boy.
She could remember.
The touch of his skin. The scent of his hair. His breath on her ears.
There was one thing she understood from that.
Taichi's tumultuous attitude when making a commotion was his bitter, desperate cry for contact with a person.
In her vast room, Touko was sprawled out on her desk.
After returning home to her peaceful days, Touko sunk.
Alone again.
No change from before she got close to Taichi.
She originally had an inclination toward isolation.
On the other hand, after becoming close to him, she became boundlessly dependent.
She'd sell her pride, regardless of the means, if she could draw closer to him.
She had a fragile side.
Thus it was appropriate that Touko was in a girls' school.
But, some years ago, she had a confrontation with her friends and classmates.
Men and women don't ask for dependence.
What Touko's essence desired was someone subordinate to her.
Because of the wounds she inflicted, Touko was made to take the highly infamous state exam.
And then......was sent to Gunjou.
With just that truth, all her friends were wiped away.
No contact came at all.
That's what first made Touko obstinate.
When Touko moved to that mansion, for some reason her parents' love didn't heal her.
She must have needed someone else.
Being loved by one's parents was too obvious.
Whether it was Touko, or someone else entirely.
Touko wanted some other human to see her own value.
Her attitude was for that meeting.
Because she craved it half to death, when she was fulfilled she was blown up and away.
Throwing away herself and her pride.
......not knowing that those were the most precious things.
Someone knocked on the door and spoke to her.
A maid had brought Touko's dinner.
Touko: "......aaah, just leave it there."
The maid said something about her being depressed all the time and hardly ever going outside.
Touko: "I don't feel like doing anything."
The maid wouldn't depart.
What she spoke of were worries in form alone.
Touko: "......I know that."
She curtly chased her out and sprawled out on the desk once again.
Her stomach bug growled.
Touko: "........................"
Touko's body always betrayed her.
She opened the door and pulled in the meal tray.
While having a meal with a balance of agony and appetite, the radio made a noise.
Taichi: "Are you eating something delicious? This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
She spat out something delicious.
She had a fit of coughing.
Touko: "!?"
She adjusted the radio's volume.
Taichi: "I'm living favorably. It seems a person can live just fine on his own."
Touko: "Taichi......?"
Taichi: "Are you all living?"
He suddenly said that.
Taichi: "......I think a lot about the heart."
Taichi: "The heart is a function of life."
Taichi: "Because if you don't stand on your own, your heart's territory won't expand."
Taichi: "That's why people live alone."
Taichi: "That's why people are born with distance between them."
Taichi: "It's fine to use others. Making a bond with someone so you can live to the fullest is forgivable."
Taichi: "But......you can't assimilate with that someone."
Taichi: "The same way I can't touch those of you listening to this broadcast right now."
Taichi: "But we don't want to believe in weak hearts."
Taichi: "We try to overlap them."
Taichi: "Being dependent, and being subordinate."
Taichi: "By various means, we try to lay down bypasses between ourselves and others."
Taichi: "But...that's impossible."
Taichi: "Because people are born alone, and die alone."
Taichi: "You might think of that distance separating us as something hopelessly wide."
Taichi: "You might not like it."
Taichi: "But, I'll be here."
Taichi: "Next week, I think I'll be broadcasting like this again."
Taichi: "And the next week, and the week after that."
Taichi: "Until I die."
Taichi: "If you'll be there, just as I'll be here......then I'm happy."
Taichi: "Because that's an incentive to live."
Taichi: "See you, next week---"
The broadcast cut off.
Touko gripped the radio hard, as if to break it.
Her face was quite tense.
Touko: "To live......what do you mean......to live......?"
Touko: "Are you saying......I'll keep living alone?"
Forever unaccepted by Taichi.
Unable to throw her feelings at him.
He says to just be there and be satisfied.
There's no way she could do that.
She knows well the weakness of her own heart.
So what should she do?
Fall in love with someone else?
Does Taichi wish for that?
Touko's heart scattered into thousands of pieces.
Touko: "I can't...find another person......idiot."
Touko: "Who would fall in love with such a strange girl......?"
There was no one who spoke to her.
No one but Taichi.
Touko: "I want to see you......Taichi......"
Transparent tears flowed.
She fell to her knees, and slowly folded up......until her forehead touched the floor.
The parabola her back drew began to shake slightly.
She wanted to be pampered.
Because she's weak.
She wanted to touch him right.
Because she's immature.
She will stand alone.
How much time will be needed for her to successfully achieve that?
The current Touko couldn't even guess.
The brilliant atmosphere from the flower fields floated by the rusty old shops.
A pair of small girls.
Kiri and Miki.
They were buying food.
Miki: "Haaa, is this the last time I'll get to buy food with you, Kiri-chin?"
Sarcasm.
Kiri could only respond with an affable smile.
Kiri: "I'll be sure to come visit you, okay?"
The heat still had lasting effects.
The surfaces of the vanilla popsicles in their mouths were already melting.
Miki: "That's niiiice. A normal school. So niiice."
She repeated herself in a censuring tone.
Kiri could only force a smile.
Because she actually did feel sorry.
Sakura Kiri's recovery had been confirmed, and she was leaving Gunjou Institute.
She was acknowledged to be able to adapt to society.
Of course, there will be discrimination.
Since she was branded once.
But Kiri decided to go.
The bad feelings in her heart hadn't been released.
She can't accept her current self either.
And yet she says she'll go.
Miki couldn't accept that.
They'd had a fight.
Their first fight.
But Kiri will go.
The Flowers are in danger of breaking up.
Miki had been feeling dark.
Kiri had been troubled.
And then, her final day of school came about.
Kiri: "You could go somewhere else too, Miki, if you work for it."
Miki: "Hmmm, mine isn't really a mental wound so much as something I was born with, so..."
Miki: "There's nothing to do but hang out with you forever."
She bit her popsicle. Aggressively.
Miki's scary.
Kiri was afraid. Even though it's the end.
Miki doesn't want to leave Gunjou.
She just doesn't want Kiri to go away.
Kiri's comforting words.
Miki's true feelings.
They're subtly unable to mesh.
Kiri: "Miki......"
She was getting nervous.
Various excuses swirled about.
Setting off on a journey is something I need but it's not like that's more precious than my friendship with Miki not even close but it really is important to me although I want to stay a combo forever and distance doesn't matter when we have to continue onward so--
She thought of many things but without any conclusion she wanted to progress more than stand still but she didn't know how to explain that so others could understand this morass.
But, Kiri's fingers were sweating, and her ice cream was dripping on the ground like a candle.
She actually felt like crying.
Seeing her partner's face, Miki smiled slightly.
Miki: "But, I'm happy about Kiri-chin's new start."
Kiri: "!!"
Miki was being so hospitable, Kiri got upset.
She had to say something clever.
But her mind was blank.
She couldn't find any dramatic words.
Finally, she wrung out a feeling.
Kiri: "......we'll always be a combo."
Those words took all she had.
Kiri: "Even if we're apart."
Miki: "......yes, I know."
She pointed to Kiri's ice cream with her jaw.
That moment, the melted ice cream came off the stick and fell to the ground with a splat.
Miki: "......"
Kiri: "......"
A relaxed atmosphere.
Then,
Taichi: "......Gunjou......Broadcasting Club......"
It was from the radio in Miki's chest pocket.
She hurriedly took it out.
The rumored radio program was here.
Miki attached earphones and passed one end to Kiri.
Kiri: "This is......?"
Miki: "Yes, it's Sempai."
The mysterious radio broadcast.
People had started talking about it on the internet, and it was rushing around Japan while creating various town legends.
Taichi: "I'd like to talk about the past today."
Kurosu Taichi.
Taichi: "I might have talked about it a long time ago, though I don't remember......"
There's no doubt.
He disappeared, leaving only strange memories in the Broadcasting Club members' hearts.
Taichi: "But I'm sure I've told someone about this before."
He's not missing or disappeared.
Taichi: "A long time ago, I committed a sin---"
By himself, with no one knowing the truth.
A single boy who was like an illusion.
Kiri: "He's alive......and......he's still around somewhere? But how?"
Miki: "He's......broadcasting."
A ghost broadcast.
This was actually the first time they'd heard one.
Taichi: "I made a friend of mine die......"
Taichi told a story.
It was about a friend of his.
A boy that Taichi led to his death.
Kiri: "......"
Miki: "......"
Neither of them moved a muscle until the broadcast ended.
At long last static wiped out the boy's voice.
They both sighed, as if released from a curse.
Kiri: "......was that...?"
Miki: "Yes......there's no doubt. It's......our club."
Kiri: "Umm......in that empty town?"
Miki: "Probably......"
Kiri: "Alone?"
Miki: "Probably......right?"
Kiri: "Is that......even possible?"
Miki: "I think...Sempai wished for it. To be alone."
Kiri: "That's why I just said-! That's why......"
Miki: "Only his voice reaches us......somehow...that's just like Sempai, right?"
The other world, and this world.
Whatever Taichi did, these two came back to this one.
And he's conducting club activities by himself.
Kiri: "......yes."
Miki: "It's lonely."
Kiri: "Yes. And...sad."
Miki: "I want to see him."
Kiri: "So do I......"
The day of parting for two close friends.
They both ended up confronting a parting of the past.
Taichi: "And so, see you next week---"
The broadcast wrapped up with those words.
Sakuraba: "......hoo."
A path between mountains.
Sakuraba had stopped his bike to take a rest, and was smiling softly.
Sakuraba: "It's been a long time, friend."
There was no way his words would be heard.
And yet Sakuraba voiced them.
He does what he wants to do as long as it doesn't cause problems, and he hangs out with whoever he likes.
He'd thought Taichi was gone.
But today, he heard his voice.
'So he's still alive somewhere,' Sakuraba thought.
That was enough to fill his heart and make him happy.
Taichi: "Guu..."
Taichi: "Guusuu..."
Taichi: "Munya-munya......"
Misato: (Peke-kun is sleeping)
Sakuraba: (Yes he is)
Miki: (His sleeping face is cute)
Kiri: (When he's sleeping......that is)
Touko: (Should we wake him up, as punishment?)
Tomoki: (Do we really have the right to do that......after what he did for us)
Touko: (That really surprised me......seriously)
Miki: (Cov-ered-in-blood)
Kiri: (Splatter)
Sakuraba: (Blood splatter)
Tomoki: (......isn't that true?)
Touko: (I'd like to bring Taichi back to our side)
Misato: (Does that mean......killing him?)
Youko: (......don't)
Touko: (Hasekura-sempai's overprotection has begun)
Youko: (Don't do what you mustn't do)
Touko: (Uuu)
Youko: (Uuu)
Miki: (Battle begin)
Misato: (Well, well, isn't this all right?)
Youko: (Leave him alone, you'll wake him.....)
Kiri: (Favoritism......there's favoritism)
Miki: (Because I'm Kiri-chin's favorite)
Touko: (Will the lesbian combo over there please keep it in moderation?)
Miki: (Gyaaa)
Tomoki: (Aren't you just making noise.....?)
Sakuraba: (But he seems fine)
Misato: (......Peke-kun is fast asleep, isn't he?)
Kiri: (I wonder if he's having a dream of some kind)
Miki: (He's smiling)
Touko: (Yeah, he seems to be having fun......isn't that good, Hasekura-sempai?)
Youko: (......yes.....)
Misato: (I wanted to say goodbye, but......we probably can't contact him)
Sakuraba: (Farewell)
Tomoki: (Bye-bye)
Touko: (Impatient boys! Geez......bye, Taichi)
Misato: (Take care)
Miki: (Goodbye)
Kiri: (This is goodbye)
Youko: (......*sob*)
Misato: (P-please don't cry!)
Sakuraba: (Hope it goes well)
Touko: (Hope what goes well!?)
Miki: (It does seem like he'll do well)
Kiri: (......forced)
Taichi: "......nn?"
I got up.
I felt a strange presence, but...
Taichi: "I thought......I heard......everyone......"
There was no presence on the roof.
All was silent.
Am I hearing voices?
It was more like I felt them than heard them.
Taichi: "Nnn???"
I've overslept.
Taichi: "Whatever."
I went back to sleep.
Taichi: "Suu..."
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "........................"
Taichi: "......haha."
Taichi: "What are......you all doing......"
Taichi: "............I'm......tired......"
Taichi: "I'll do it later......"
Taichi: "........................after I......"
Taichi: "........................................."
Taichi: "............................................."
Sakuraba: "Hey, Taichi."
Huh? Sakuraba?
Sakuraba: "Here's the manuscript."
What...manuscript?
Sakuraba: "......aren't you the DJ?"
I'm...the DJ?
I have a feeling I was.
Miki: "I look forward a little to seeing Sempai as a DJ."
A little?
Kiri: "I look forward to Sempai doing something embarrassing."
Is it a given that I will?
Sakuraba: "How's the manuscript?"
'I guess it's not bad' I thought.
The content......I don't really get it. Though I'm reading it, I can't understand it.
Touko: "Hey, why are you getting cold feet? Pull yourself together."
Touko......
Touko: "What's with that face? Have you not been yelled at enough?"
Miki: "You say that, but you're lovey-dovey."
Kiri: "Lovey-doveeey."
Touko: "Did you say something first-yearrr?"
Miki: "No I did nooot!"
Kiri: "I did not say lovey-dovey."
Touko: "Shall I cut you?"
Miki: "Ahaha, not good. Sempai, save me, I'm going to be cut."
Kiri: "Please save me, Sempai."
Hey, hey......I'm not that convenient.
Touko: "Hey, whose side are you on, Taichi?"
Tomoki: "Okay, got it! Haa, that was close......"
Sakuraba: "What was the cause? A bad connection?"
Tomoki: "No, a broken wire. That's why I said we should buy a different kind of cable, but..."
Misato: "If we did that, we'd lose the money for everyone's grilled meat."
Tomoki: "Which are you prioritizing, Nee-san?"
Haha, Onee-san?
Don't you mean Onee-chan?
Tomoki: "Shut up about your 'time for independence.'"
Warm.
A warm...world.
Yuusa: "Sempai, I can't do anything, but I'll support you."
Yuusa-chan.
Were you in the Broadcasting Club?
Youko: "......Taichi, you're messing up your uniform."
Youko: "Which equals messing up your heart."
Youko-chan......
Youko: "Come on, I'll fix it. I can't let you shame Mutsumi-san."
This feels somehow nostalgic.
But,
Moderately kind.
Moderately harsh.
Sakuraba: "I very much want to go on a journey. Will you come?"
Tomoki: "Don't go......"
Miki: "I've always wondered, but how do you pay your travel expenses?"
Sakuraba: "I go with whatever I have. It's the mark of a great traveler."
Miki: "I can't imagine doing something like that with my three thousand yen monthly allowance."
Touko: "You mustn't be deceived. Sakuraba's family pampers him. 'Whatever I have' is probably hundreds of thousands of yen."
Miki: "Gyoe."
Kiri: "Hundreds of thousands?"
Misato: "Sakuraba-kun, suspension."
Sakuraba: "Why......?"
Touko: "You can easily stay in a hotel at your destination."
Misato: "Ah, Peke-kun, it's time. Are you prepared?"
Miki: "Now, for the new DJ, will demons emerge?"
Kiri: "Will snakes emerge?"
Tomoki: "You're only imagining bad outcomes."
Touko: "Well, do your best."
Sakuraba: "Go for it."
Yuusa: "I look forward to it!"
Youko: "Relax your shoulders."
Yeah---
This is good.
I'm being fulfilled.
This is so right, unease passes me by. However,
Can happiness be felt this much?
Hey, everyone,
Let's make an idiotic commotion, okay?
And when I woke up, it was already midday.
Taichi: "Nn......"
I stayed overnight at the school again.
Even though I want to go back home, so my days will be like a normal person's.
But it's pretty tough to prepare this alone.
Sempai was great.
Taichi: "Now then, more to do today."
I consciously spoke.
If I don't, I feel like I'll forget my language.
Begin work.
........................
Pause work.
Taichi: "Hungry."
The bentous Youko-chan made were no longer here.
I prepare everything myself now.
In the school, other than the bad curry bread, there's croquette bread.
If I go out into town, well I can probably eat a lot of stuff there.
I looked at my surroundings.
......empty bags of curry bread were scattered around.
Though croquette bread is supposed to be good, I didn't feel like putting any of it in my mouth.
A silent hallway.
A silent club.
Silent days.
I got what I wished for.
My heart...is at ease.
A world where I can't hurt anyone.
A world where I won't be made aware of what a failure I am.
A world where I can be my honest self without trying to improve.
Being my honest self.
Living through youth with friends.
Even though these two concepts are often used as a pair, for me they're exclusive.
Doesn't that make a distortion necessary somewhere?
For example, the character I used in an MMORPG had intelligence and speed of ninety-nine.
Everything else was one.
But, he was strong.
The balance is tacitly denied, and you can't know what's right.
......like me.
But now that I'm here,
I can live on with a peaceful heart.
Taichi: "......I have a lot of memories after all."
I tried peeking into a classroom.
I have nothing to do here.
Miki: "---"
Kiri: "---"
Miki: "---"
Kiri: "---"
Their conversation.
Two who were always together, yet not interdependent.
One of them desired something in place of what once was.
One of them set up the girl she'd relied on.
A brutal composition.
To the utmost,
Those two had been touching one another, just a little.
A fortunate discovery of a point of contact.
However......will those two able to reach that same place after returning?
Vast experience is needed for Miki to feel earnestly about Kiri.
And it seems that it'll take time for Kiri to be released from the curse of guilt.
Taichi: "......"
I'll stop.
Even if I think about this, there's no longer a way to contact those two.
I can't cross them.
All correspondence was closed off.
Then,
They both came rushing toward me.
Taichi: "......"
They rushed off to my left and right while making noise and disappeared.
The girls' gentle breeze softly brushed the tip of my nose. Like a scent left behind.
Though it's an illusion.
I don't close the gate.
There's no longer any reason to close this place up.
Because this world has no one who can hurt others.
Obviously, no one will be found at fault even if they escape during class time.
Taichi: "......"
I came here.
To a childhood friend's store.
I searched for appropriate food and drink.
For some reason the phenomenon of decomposition doesn't occur here.
Taichi: "......"
I decided to stick a memo on the wall.
Like I'm doing every week.
『×／○ Sweet Roll, 110￥ + Cup Ramen 180￥ + Green Tea King 110￥』
Meaningless conduct.
But it's nice to perform a certain amount of labor to obtain food.
Because if I neglect even that, it'll be like leaving my body to a lax death.
But either way, it doesn't change the fact that I'm dreaming.
How ironic.
I decided to eat in my own classroom.
Touko had always sat here.
Because there was nowhere else.
Her back was straight, and her chin high.
She was one who walked proudly.
Once a hand is held out to her, she soon degenerates, maybe out of unfamiliarity.
The thawed Touko was unstable.
Just by being treated kindly, she pulled down the walls she built.
Her clumsiness shows how hanging out with people became her weak point.
However much you can trust someone, you should leave an appropriate distance.
If you end up dependent, it's hard in many ways.
Since you can bring each other down.
The people that don't mind becoming dependent should be.
I don't want to.
Though there is what happened with Youko-chan,
More than anything, I seem to like things which stay still and beautiful.
It's like the feeling of appreciating art.
I wonder if she's crying on the other side.
With no one to rely on.
In the end, I betrayed Touko twice.
......I wonder if she can endure it.
I heaved a heavy sigh.
Touko: "---"
I heard those lisping, domineering words insult me.
Only inside my ears.
The club room.
The place where we hung out in.
Naturally, they weren't here.
The relationships between us three...you could say they were healthy.
Relationships you could find anywhere. Or close to that.
Thus, they were like miracles to me.
Taichi: "......"
There were no words to speak.
Just the noble dazzle of what I'd parted with, which made my heart creak and my breath stop the more I thought about it.
I stood there staring vacantly.
Back to club activities.
How much will I have to work to prepare this on my own?
I know the pace to allot myself.
If I really gave it my all, I'd finish in three days.
Since it's something I've repeated over and over.
I have the knowledge.
I've mastered the procedure.
That's why I'm deliberately taking my time.
While making detours.
A different way of doing it than Sempai's.
In a sense, she was also making detours.
I thought about it occasionally.
Ignoring efficiency, piling on meaningless procedures.
Sempai had supported that club alone forever, there's no way she didn't know the basics.
The ravine of family.
And then the disappearance of people.
There were plenty of reasons for both Sempai and Tomoki to flee with all their strength.
Taichi: "Let's have a lengthy and energetic club."
I spoke.
Again today, I'll labor from sunup to sundown.
Taichi: "Evening......?"
Evening.
Life's activities on the Earth's surface were frozen.
And yet the sky has been loyally repeating its occupation.
As if it was a virtual image of summer forgotten inside the mirror.
Behind the real image, disappearing at the speed of light.
Now for a measure of leisure.
One moment in the history of the universe; week X to people.
Taichi: "......I'll go home."
I know it won't rain, but I returned the tools and materials to the prefab structure.
Taichi: "Good work!"
I said a ritual phrase with no one around and left for home.
On the way home, I passed by the shopping district and stocked up on food.
Taichi: "Ho......"
I reached my home, and felt relief.
Whether people are here or not, that doesn't change.
Absent-minded cooking.
I baked dinner in the garden.
I cooked simply and gathered the garbage in a plastic bag.
There's no need to dispose of it.
For one week, a single plastic bag is enough.
The evening breeze had a burning scent.
Taichi: "Crap!"
I hurried out to the garden.
Taichi: "......uwaaa, all black."
I certainly can't eat this.
I'll cook again.
I forget when, but there was a time I burned down the house.
That was tough.
I couldn't calm down spending the night at someone else's house, so I stayed in the club room.
I'll be careful this time.
It'd be meaningless if I made a mistake and burned myself.
........................
Late dinner.
By the time I finished eating, it was well into night.
Taichi: "......nn."
I felt something that seemed to be lurking in my heart.
Maybe it'll come tonight.
I can't calm down.
I decided to put that in my diary.
Moving my hands is an important thing.
Especially at times when it feels like my small heart will tear apart.
Taichi: "Uhhh, what happened today......was..."
I recorded the club activities.
Taichi: "And, after that,"
There my pen stopped.
There's nothing.
Nothing happened.
Not even possibilities of something happening.
Taichi: "......that's why..."
That's why?
Why did I even start a diary?
I closed it. I didn't feel like it anymore.
I searched for something to do.
I tried lighting a candle and reading books.
I soon got distracted.
There will be no opportunity to read the next volume.
My stomach became heavy.
Crap.
Tomorrow I'll go to the bookstore and search for a complete series.
Taichi: "Aaah, I'll sleep!"
I leaped into bed.
Taichi: "I will sleeeep!"
I tried flailing.
Taichi: "Gyaaasu! Gyaaasu!"
I tried swimming.
Taichi: "......haa, haa."
I was tired.
Wind blew in.
Without insects, it was fine to leave it all the way open.
A refreshing summer.
I'm thankful for that.
Taichi: "Using those labors, I'll get to sleep in a wink."
I'll count sheep.
Taichi: "One scapegoat, two scapegoats......"
Sheep are ordinary, so I tried it with goats.
It felt somehow different.
And it seemed to be extremely accurate.
Taichi: "......"
There was no one to talk to, no trifling goodwill to receive.
But there I was anticipating a little.
Her omnipotence.
A subject to be ignored.
I started energetically walking with a vigor that would shake off those futile attachments.
To school.
Taichi: "♪♪"
My whistling this morning eventually became hoarse.
Taichi: "Let's make it lengthy again today."
I proclaimed, then got straight to work.
I pulled out the tools inside the prefab and lined them up in their prescribed positions.
Taichi: ......*sigh*
Internally, I paused for a moment.
I entered the shade under the tent.
I didn't sleep.
I just laid down for a bit.
Taichi: "Guu..."
........................
Taichi: "......uuoh!!?"
I was fast asleep!
It really would be wrong to not do anything for a whole day.
Five revolutions of agony.
I hurried back to work.
Taichi: "Owww!"
I hurt my finger.
Taichi: "I mustn't get hurt! I must not!"
There are no doctors.
If I caught an incurable illness......well I can't do anything about that.
Taichi: "Uuu."
This had gotten troublesome.
I brought out a water gun and fired outside the fence.
Taichi: "Byuuu."
The bundled flow of water was immediately scattered by the wind and changed to vapor.
Taichi: "Ah, a rainbow."
A small seven-colored bridge.
It gracefully adorned the dusk.
Taichi: "Hoo."
That took my mind off of things a little.
The school hills.
Things I remember.
Yutaka...and Nanaka.
Especially.
Taichi: "Nanaka."
When I said her name, my heart was squeezed.
Why did she continue to be my ally until the end?
The end?
It's still not certain that this is the end.
It's just......that she won't show herself anymore.
Given Nanaka's personality, there's no doubt she'll make everything clear when she leaves.
If she fell in love with someone, there's no doubt she'd confess by punching the guy into the air.
......that might be going too far.
Taichi: "Heeey, Nanakaaa!"
I tried predicting.
That she'd appear unexpectedly riding her bike out of a blind spot between hills.
I had a feeling she would.
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Reading.
It's manga, though.
I'm passing the thoughtless time.
Again, I have to live on carefree.
There's no need to rush life.
If I rush, it'll soon burst.
Taichi: "Hahaha......"
Manga is fun.
If there's something unsatisfying about it, it'd be that the content is too lively.
Lots of people show up.
I can endure a little of that now.
Taichi: "In a mountain〜 Deep in Saitama〜"
Brackets don't appear right here. 
Taichi: "That's right〜♪"
I continued working while composing an impromptu song.
When I didn't know something, I looked it up.
I killed quite a bit of time.
The books I brought from the club room and the library immediately filled the roof.
It was a pain to take them all back, so I just shoved them into the prefab.
Taichi: "......still, if this really was for an SOS, there were plenty of more efficient ways to do it."
Without EM waves, it certainly would've been faster to choose the place with a transceiver.
Sempai had realized.
That people no longer existed.
So the club was effectively the right answer, and she was right to include useless things in it.
Taichi: *sigh*
I noticed I'd come to the shopping district.
Taichi: "Uuu."
I've become a night prowler.
And 'I noticed' wasn't accurate.
Taichi: "I'll go home."
I was tired of running around.
Taichi: "Good night."
I said to myself.
I rolled up into the sheets.
Taichi: "......"
I couldn't really get to sleep.
I'm looking at the world from the roof.
The countless and varied ordinary days crushed into this roof.
And into the mountains. Or into the beach.
I couldn't imagine what scenes would continue beyond those.
The breath the 『city』 sometimes sent out.
It's fading, and I'm beginning to forget it.
I'm sure that's because it has no feeling for its core.
I know that people have always been staring at my eyes.
Taichi: "Sleep, sleep, sleep."
Taichi: "Sleep, sleep, sleep."
Taichi: "Sleep, sleep, sleep."
Taichi: "Sleep, sleep, sleep."
Taichi: "Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep......"
When I wake up, I'm alone.
I'm solitary.
I read somewhere that people are alone in essence.
That all living things are like that.
But, only people are aware of it.
I began thinking that insects might be the more complete life forms.
Taichi: "Nnn."
Lack of sleep.
Even so, I have to go to school.
If I let myself go at this point, it'll be rough later.
It'll add to the loneliness.
People are always feeling pressure from others around them.
It's comfortable to be released at times.
Too much suppression distorts the heart.
However, if there's nothing, one's self will diffuse infinitely.
But there's no self with that much density.
If diluted without end, I'm no different from nothingness.
I can't imagine.
A me assimilated with the world.
Isn't that lonely?
Now that I'm the same as the world, will I forget about the tiny physical body that my center was left in?
Why do hearts even reside in people anyway---
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "......"
Trying to enter the school hurts.
My heart hurts.
Because it's an empty box.
Though it was once a jack-in-the-box; a box of surprises.
Now it no longer is.
A box of void.
Now it's frightening.
That's how it felt.
After all, before there was someone nearby I could touch and feel.
I forced myself to enter.
Aha!!
It was hard to talk.
It was hard to construct words.
Taichi: "......now......then......"
No good, I'm getting hoarse.
Vocalization is hard...
Once you're conscious of it, it really is.
That's why subjective descriptions are endlessly emotional.
(lol)
Like that one.
(cry)
And that one.
(rage)
And that one.
(†)
Aaah, that one, I know well.
It's like a subtle two-tone knight.
My hair lost its color from the yelling.
The murderer skills inside me were perfected in a week.
If I ask someone who's amazing with numbers that'd be ephemeral like Marie Antoinette! 
*Using the new technique of Real Time Monologue.
When I was a child, I thought it was Marian Twonette.
I also thought Angkor Wat was Anko Rutwat.
And I thought turtlenecks were totalnecks.
And how I once wrote 'the theoretical central place of the Orkney Islands during the Neolithic Period (ookunii no shin-sekiki-jidai no chuushinchi)' entirely in katakana thinking it was the name of some magician from the dragon palace. 
This stuff doesn't matter at all.
Yu.
Anyway, the hallway.
No one's here.
Nothing's here.
Nothing was moving.
Aren't cats sensitive to motion?
That's the way.
And, it's my way.
The phrase 『It can't be helped』 comes from the expression 『There is no way.』
Meaning that without a documented way you can't get good results.
When I said that, Tomoki used the comeback 『Don't make up lies that programmers might believe.』
Tomoki's a good guy.
I love club activities.
Again today, I'll go and be covered in an overpowering sense of omnipotence.
I've got plenty of memories with Tomoki.
The two of us--three counting Sakuraba--were always readying fun systems. (†)
Preparing.
Taichi: "......"
Taichi: "............"
Taichi: "........................ah---"
It felt like 『that』 would explode.
『That』 is an 『other that』, a sort of 『this』 which can only be described as 『that.』
『That』 is 『that』, and 『this』 is 『this.』
That's why I swallowed.
I swallowed. I swallowed.
I swallowed about seven times.
And then I swallowed.
Good food.
I screamed on the inside.
I was full.
The things inside me fell down heavily on the bottom and didn't come out.
Except from behind.
Club activities are falling behind.
It's already Friday.
I-un-der-es-ti-ma-ted-it.
There I decided to work.
As part of my new person campaign.
Taichi: "Uuooo."
Five minutes later, I didn't want to keep thinking about the little things, so I stopped.
It was the end of one part.
Don't worry, there's a second volume.
Even if one part ends, there's a second volume.
Huh?
Aren't 'one part' and 'volume two' different kinds counting words?
There are some weird words out there.
The spray of water shot across the spherical orange placed in the sky.
No, it's not spherical.
That guy might be circular.
The flat sun theory.
A world with nothing moving is harsh. Come out, something.
The sun is slowly changing positions, but that's missing something.
Because I can't get to it.
It's a light-class heavenly body that can't even become a black hole.
It feels like I've lost.
Go learn a thing or two from Scorpio V861.
I want some kind of big reveal.
Also I want to see a white dwarf.
I'm pretty sure that Sakuraba,
Didn't he hit the target for being a convicted criminal unfit for the role?
The thought criminal who was dissatisfied with his occupational field obtained a target used in archery.
Please look at me.
Ah, a branch, a branch!
The braaanch! The braaanch!
It destroyed the fence.
The fictional branch has come!
I can't see it!
Amazing! Perfect!
And then it fell!
A power pulled the fictional branch down toward the ground......pulling power!
It destroyed the fence with something like giant industrial pliers.
I'll call it gravity!
This is a huge discovery.
The beginning and the end of the Age of Discovery.
The severed portion of the fence clumsily glided down.
Unlimited words.
My brain swam.
I did a synapse leap.
Yaa, yaa.
Touko came and attacked.
No room to insert the emotion of meeting parting and then reunion.
I can't search for mother.
The name I want to clear is******************.
********......
**************?
****!
********************************************************* ********************************************************* ********************************************************* ********************************************************* *********************************************************.
**.
And then I collapsed.
Sorry Touko!
My heart itched.
I felt blood.
Release is needed.
I have to shine by myself.
I should restore my name by wooing Kiri.
I should give up my honor by wooing earnestly.
I wooed through her.
I gave her a loud wooing.
Imperfect pick-up lines.
But I couldn't get a sexy answer.
Why?
That's because Kiri is a child.
I lamented my actions.
Damn it, damn it!
Even though regretting doing is better than regretting not doing!
I can't control this alone.
Now Kiri, please answer my orated feelings!
I made use of a monologue to inform her.
A monologue is supposed to be done alone, but since the nuances of the character for ground are being used in TV game show grammar, those people who want to poke the corners of stacked boxes should attack.
I hate the words 'speak the truth.'
It sounds kind of half-assed.
Gyarandu is good.
Yeah, I'll do that.
Now then,
I'll make use of a monologue to gyarandu.
I'll make her cum.
It's nice that the word gyarakushii or galaxy resembles a sense for language in general.
It doesn't resemble that, yu.
Yu.
If you asked which, it'd be 『yu.』
Better than 『no.』
So, Kiri, how is it?
Kiri said seriously.
Kiri: "......do you care about the gender of fried chicken when you eat it?"
Yeah, I do, I do care!
But there's no way.
The grenade exploded.
We died.
You fought well with weapon in hand, but the scorpions were many, and it was impossible to defend against all of their thrusting stingers. At long last your consciousness faded...
And when you collapsed, the scorpions buried themselves into your body while exulting their first tasty flesh in some time. Your adventure ended.
In order to halt the evil plans of the Warlock Morlock, you must return to paragraph 1 and do your adventure over. We pray that your next adventure has sufficient protection from the goddesses---
I apologize for my thoughts mixing with some book I read a long time ago.
It was impossible after all. Being alone.
Here I give a camera to special correspondent Youko!
Whoa, she was here!
She's totally looking at memememe!
She did indeed receive formal Ichihara training.
That's wrong.
This is quite different.
This is heterogeneous.
Uhhh, heterogeneous in the sense that it's too excellent.
What do you do about a person with no failures?
A human with an exceedingly low failure rate...once you put it into words there's not much to it, but...
She'll live two hundred times though a situation in which a normal person would die a hundred times.
That's a true actor! The abilities of Hollywood main characters for one hour and forty-five minutes.
Their abilities are highest before the last ten minutes.
There I thought: Anti-movie.
A story where the guy is oversleeping until the last ten minutes where he goes into god mode and beats the enemies right at the end.
Then I thought of something entirely out of context.
A story starting with humanity's annihilation.
This is it.
This truly feels like me.
A self-hymn.
Which conduct is more lowly: speaking ill of others or promoting oneself?
What is it with those things?
I asked her.
Youko: "Carry me like a bride."
Amazingly philosophical. I suck. I can't win.
Forget it! Give back the camera!
Who shall I play with?
Okay, Mimi-sempai.
She's sleeping!
She woke up!!?
Misato: "Lack of morals, overextended egoistic individualism, basic rights used to allow time to be spent lazily, modern society being infected by these kinds of corruptive hazards--"
Misato: "Is it something we youngsters possessing mutually constructed friendships are capable of? I think our Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club is capable of providing a satisfactory answer to this question."
Uhee!
A big one came out.
That's my Mimi-sempai.
This person's weakness somehow resembles the texture of boobs.
That's why I mean it when I say I love her.
Actually I don't love her or anything.
Falling in love is something decided on startup.
I'm sorry.
I got harpooned!!
Is being called 『Mimimi』 that unpleasant!?
Though that is cute...
Damn!
So now it's Miki.
I have to get her to compliment me.
hey, hey!
Hey, Hey!
I became a repeating broadcast.
Though it's a monologue.
Stiiill, this must be the result of an amazingly vigorous fanservice mentality.
Is that okay?
Will that be forgiven?
Was that certified?
Will this get it into the adult category?
Miki: "Goro-nyaaa-goro."
Catspeak!?
This sucks, I haven't finished that course.
I can't make myself understood.
As if I'll become someone who can only look at underwear.
Well okay then.
I stared at underwear for about fourteen hours.
In terms of time it took about four seconds.
Thank you, Miki.
Goodbye.
After play is recreation.
I worked hard at club.
This-a-way and that-a-way.
I worked automatically.
All people are partly automatic.
What's so wrong about that?
Miki: "I'm going to go mad from boredom, you know?"
Eh?
Yuusa: "Ah, no, you can't!!!"
I can't what?
Sky.
And then.
Ground. Far below.
That moment.
Rupture---
Taichi: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!"
From the sea of words I was able to disconnect, I extended my hand.
I grasped no straw.
My consciousness twirled and turned over (like takoyaki) and came back to this world.
My consciousness observes all but this world.
Taichi: "Ha! Ha! Ha!......"
I'd been trying to start out through the fence I destroyed.
My stiffened fingers were gripping the wire mesh on both sides.
I was probably right on the edge.
I pushed the fence aside like a door.
I did it. I have that memory.
It had been partitioned into the corners of my memory and mixed in with other languages so I couldn't determine it.
My fingertips were white like gypsum.
Because I'd been straining them all this time?
My center of gravity pulled back behind me.
Now I'm safe. I won't fall.
The fence had dug into my fingers. They'd become toiled and torn.
Light pain.
Also, blood forming the shape of a wire mesh.
Taichi: "I'm......"
I couldn't believe I just tried to commit suicide.
I mustn't die.
Because I killed so many to live.
Taichi: "Isn't that right......Youko-chan?"
Even if I call her, she won't appear.
I held myself.
Cold.
I won't be able to go on like this.
I started running.
Into the school.
Taichi: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
I raced.
People!
People!
Somewhere, people!
Taichi: "Miki, Kiri!"
Not there.
I collapsed onto the desk.
I continued collapsing.
Textbooks slid onto the floor.
Neither of them are here.
Fear.
There's no one in this space.
I ran away.
Long narrow space.
A sense of danger somewhere said that I'd be done for if I was pinned down here.
The enemy is the void.
Those guys are everywhere.
They're already enveloping me.
At this rate I'll diffuse and become diluted.
I passed by the stairs. The second year classroom.
Touko's classroom.
A small stronghold isolated from the surroundings.
But its owner wasn't here.
She'd been sent back along with her stiffened will.
Couldn't she have stayed for just a little bit longer?
Taichi: "Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa!!!!!"
I tumbled and ran and passed through the gate.
I wandered around the town.
Searching for survivors.
This was never more than the dregs of crossing worlds, so there may not have ever been any to begin with.
But I can't not search for them.
People can't not desire.
Taichi: "Ah......haa, ha-......!"
One by one, I checked the houses.
Half a day of madness.
I continued desiring.
I fell down in front of the gate.
Taichi: "......seriously......there's not even one..."
However much I searched,
No one was there anymore.
But in exchange for that effort, I'd calmed down a bit.
Was that because of my severe exercise, or something my brain did?
Taichi: "Ah."
That's right.
Something made me go to the mountain.
I doubted my eyes.
There's nothing?
That faded, undefined, incomprehensible space had completely and utterly disappeared.
Taichi: "......it can't be."
Hasn't this thing continued existing for thousands of weeks?
No, maybe tens of thousands of weeks.
Taichi: "Why did it go away?"
Atonement.
Despair.
Emotions beyond description.
Pain.
I just stood there, restrained by what was being brought about in my heart.
Taichi: "Why......"
I want to run.
An obvious emotion.
Even in my own heart, that I'd desperately raised, that was there.
Mimi-sempai, Tomoki, Kiri, Miki, Youko-chan......
I can't smile about them.
But the gate is already gone.
Even if I wanted to go home I couldn't.
Revised: it was no longer 『out of phase.』
Alone.
A crossed world.
Crossing at one point.
Each and every flow was still continuing.
Taichi: "Aaah......that's right."
This town of void I'm in......is already---
Passed its crossing point.
If I try imagining the letter 『Ｘ』 it makes sense.
Two sticks. Two separate flows.
A momentary cross. But the flow won't stop.
Am I already riding one of the flows?
No......that's not it.
This town is the dregs.
The crossing point of the dregs of the two flows.
A cross point that became 『void』 when 『actuality』 passed on.
Taichi: "......haha."
Taichi: "Hahaha."
Taichi: "Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!"
This laugh is,
A blessing.
I don't know how much time passed before the gate disappeared.
It might have been pretty fast.
It might have been a length of time that would make me dizzy.
Either way, I put up with it.
I fought on as my refuge moved farther and farther away.
I won.
Isn't that all that's certain?
Taichi: "If I have no refuge......then I have no choice......but to live......"
This is fine.
Taichi: "Now look at this."
Look at the true me.
You will (I will) be kept here forever.
Taichi: "............haha."
In my chest, countless emotions mingled and drew a cross.
A fictional tapestry woven together.
Those were sparkles of will and emotion without coloring.
Taichi: "Ah, ah......"
Taichi: "Ah---"
Taichi: "------------"
I screamed.
To the limit of my voice.
Shaking my vocal cords enough to tear apart the sky.
That was no longer a voice.
Sound.
I, who am a phenomenal proper existence, couldn't become anything but a physical creaking.
My sight was buried in visual effects.
My consciousness was a hallucination taken form.
It was beautiful like lace, woven up from fearsome passions.
If shaken, one could catch a glimpse of an impure wasteland.
This is......I am......
My eyes are taking in the invisible.
I thought it was an illusion, on the other hand I'd grasped that it was truth.
Aaah, this is...
A denatured consciousness.
Trance. Inspiration. Comprehension. Revelation. Mysteries.
Things which are called those.
My mentality reached an extreme, causing a phenomenon where one's outermost layer connects to one's latent consciousness.
I was chased into a corner.
By stress.
Nn---?
I stood still after being hit by lightning, and the side of my consciousness ached.
That which was on my side.
That was a composed layer of knowledge left a distance away from intricate emotions.
My profound consciousness informed me.
"Wrong"
Recognition was sprinkled.
Wrong.
I didn't fall into a state of denatured consciousness.
Knowledge: Brain activities aren't that chaotic in the present situation. That which is suitable can be seen with a number of functions, and there are traces of having mastered them in the present situation.
Which means?
Knowledge: Denatured consciousness. Abnormal mental state. Autonomous thoughts and emotions in the inner heart functions are displayed, and various examples of strange speech and conduct can be seen. 
Attained an overpowering sense of omnipotence, which resulted in hallucinations close to spiritual experiences. Religious experience trip trance......etc.
I exploded from understanding.
Most of the pressure changed to a physical phenomenon and pinned me down.
Mysteries were being organically coupled.
On one line.
In a circle, with the beginning and ending connecting.
Circular.
A circle of understanding.
My consciousness was...
Denatured from the very beginning.
That day,
I altered.
And have been that way until today.
A depth bypass that might explode at any time.
Perpetual connection.
I can't control my heart's amplitude.
Instincts scattered about.
My rationality is going mad.
Void dialogues and thoughts maintained my consciousness in place of rationality.
So as to cover spurts of sewage with muddy water.
So as to not be weeded out of a world of rationality spreading out around me.
And then,
My oldest memory...had been floating in the depths like tar.
That was a story from even before the consciousness denaturing occurred.
Nanaka: "I'm sorry, Taichi."
Why...is she?
I met her at the same time the loop began.
Why is she...in my old memories?
After all I haven't lost my memoexplosion---
Nanaka: "'Taichi,' that's your name."
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......because...I can't plan anything."
Nanaka: "Because I fell in love with papa......"
Nanaka: "Papa was living desperately, you know."
Nanaka: "Desperately, knowing his life was short......"
Nanaka: "And so,"
Nanaka: "I'm not long for this world either."
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......"
Nanaka: "I think Taichi will toil a lot from now on."
Nanaka: "Neither I, nor your late papa can become your allies."
Nanaka: "But,"
Nanaka: "I love you, Taichi."
Nanaka: "I really, really love you. I'm glad I had you."
Nanaka: "So much so, that if I'm ever reborn, I want to give birth to you again."
Nanaka: "That's how much...I love you."
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......I can't leave you with anything but that......"
TC
Taichi: "------------"
Crying.
I'm...crying.
Copiously.
I continued rubbing my tear ducts until it hurt.
This is,
The memory...of when I was born.
The memory...of when...I was...born.
I'd remembered it.
People can remember even that far back.
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......I can't leave you with anything but that......"
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......I can't leave you with anything but that......"
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......I can't leave you with anything but that......"
I'd remembered it.
Taichi: "Mom......"
I covered my face.
Joy, anger, sorrow, pleasure and whatever else falls under 'strong emotions.'
A baby's...emotions.
Taichi: "I...remembered......mom......"
I'd thought my heart was tiny, but it had such a thing hidden away.
Like someone who travels far and wide looking for someone until they're on the brink of death, then turns around for the first time to see that the person they were looking for had been following silently, and smiles brightly.
It was as if everything would be unconditionally affirmed.
Dizzy.
There was one more memory.
I fished out...out one memory.
Darkness.
My childhood...was one with darkness.
Nanaka was......mom was holding me with her body left in darkness.
No conversation.
A mother and child had sunk into the darkness.
I don't know what the reason was.
For a long time.
The mother grieved, as if afraid.
I could feel that.
Dad wasn't there.
He probably died.
Somehow I understand that.
Along with the fact that words of solace weren't prepared for me.
Mom is embracing me.
A girl with no one to rely on.
As if fighting with the darkness of her own fear.
We were both there, unable even to cry.
I realized I'd become able to see mom even within the darkness.
A few months after birth, my nerves changed from central brain tissues to optical tissues; a period of development for peripheral nerves suitable for the outside world.
Within the darkness, I continued silently desiring mom.
That beckoned a physical change to my body.
Mom was a young prisoner of fear, and had no knowledge.
The rod and cone cells which should be optimizing were, at this time, recognizing their host as nocturnal.
The rod-shaped cells multiplied, deciding the distribution.
The unspecialized cells around my retina formed a quasi-tapetam.
Was it a repeated error, or cells trying to assimilate with the vitreous humor losing their transparency?
I don't know.
As a result, light entering my eyes can reflect off of two overlapping constructs.
They're structurally the same as a cat's or dog's.
Also, these eyes are more sensitive to moving things than still things.
Just like how a cat plays with small insects, I......
In the darkness, mom kissed me over and over.
What sort of influence did I receive from that?
Those were all the memories I could extract from the black torrent of latent consciousness.
That's right.
Mom died.
After that, she died.
That's why...I was left with the Hasekuras.
......I connected it to the present.
Then......what is that Nanaka I've been seeing?
She couldn't be---
......stop.
Nanaka remained my unconditional ally.
I'm sure she's always been watching over me from the bottom of my memory.
I'll think that.
The world can know the truth.
I don't need to know.
For me, the fact that she loved me---that's more than enough.
When I took back my tears, recognition came next.
People just...need to be there.
Place, nature, gender, I don't care.
I want them to be there.
People want people to be there.
They want to feel them close by.
The peace of mind of someone being there when you hold out your hand.
They want to gain that.
That's why people call to each other.
By phone, by words, by letters, by attitude.
......by wireless.
So that someone somewhere will listen.
I wish for that.
Mimi-sempai was right.
She was fleeing, but she was right.
I'm a person.
Yes.
I can't believe it.
I'm disturbed by deep consciousness and innocently destroy people.
Because it's natural for harmony to be hindered by impulse.
But I...was a person.
I can live.
I can live on with that sense of satisfaction.
The gate may disappear, and the world may be changing.
The crossing point is here.
When it passes by, the afterimage is beautiful.
A time is coming when it'll become an illusion and disappear.
Just how much longer until then?
Next week?
The week after?
Next year?
......or will I die? Which will come sooner?
I mustn't die.
Because if I die this irreplaceable feeling will break apart.
Taichi: "......I'll live."
I'll live fighting.
Until the last day.
And then I'll wish.
Somehow, before my proper lifetime ends,
I'll wish for this sky to disappear.
Nanaka is smiling.
Nanaka: "I'm sorry......I can't leave you with anything but that......"
What I was left with, was the most commonplace category of single kanji words, and a lifelong thirst for common people.
I said,
Taichi: "Thank you. I'm fine now."
Nanaka answered.
Nanaka: "......yes!"
It was a blessed smile across her whole face.
And at the same time I correctly recognized Nanaka,
My heart acquired a tranquil transcendence.
Taichi: "......"
I was standing alone.
In the forest, the existence called me, was all alone.
It was silent.
More so than I'd ever experienced.
Taichi: "......the urges......disappeared......?"
The movements of my intense, uncontrollable heart...were disappearing.
It was too silent, as if I'd be able to hear the noises inside my body.
I became anxious.
I couldn't feel the tyrant of imagined scenery that had been my intense ego until now.
Had peace truly come to me?
Is this a temporary dream?
Forlorn.
But, this is normal.
Here...people raise their emotions.
I put a hand on my chest.
*squeeze*
I held it tight.
I don't know what week this is.
Whether to count it tens, or tens of thousands.
So I'll call it memorial week X.
It's not a short sword anymore.
In this way, I became a person.
Though it's probably belated and meaningless.
But......from my eyes, tears came out.
Sad.
Happy.
When those mixed, there was no longer a word to describe it.
Taichi: "Hahaha......haha......"
I laughed, and cried.
Taichi: "Yaaahoooo!!"
The next day. The roof. Club activities.
Taichi: "Okay, let's do it!"
Somehow it looks more like art than an antenna, but......
If I work hard all day, it'll probably work out.
Sunday.
Taichi: "......done."
Somehow, I made it.
The energy left me.
In substance, Sunday isn't even a half-day, so it's tough.
For now, completion.
I was enveloped in a sense of accomplishment.
Taichi: "Healthy, healthy."
I looked at the sky.
Taichi: "......hey, Sempai."
Looking at the sun makes me sleepy.
But, it'd be rough if I slept here.
I'll get straight to broadcasting.
I took my seat.
I've been dreaming.
Of this sort of casual club activity, and a daily life like that of a normal student.
If I have memories, I'm fine with that.
I'm satisfied---
I breathed in.
The evening breeze with a scent of summer snatched that away, as if teasing me.
Now the broadcast.
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Even if I understand this is pointless,
I'll live on while clinging to it.
I pushed out strong words.
Taichi: "Is anyone alive out there?"
Taichi: "If you are out there, please listen."
Taichi: "I don't know what sort of situation you all are in right now."
Taichi: "You might be in despair."
Taichi: "You might be suffering hardship."
Taichi: "Or perhaps......you're moments away from death."
Taichi: "I'll say this...to all...of those people."
Taichi: "......please live."
Taichi: "Just, please live on."
Taichi: "Could you please keep going?"
Taichi: "This is merely my request."
Taichi: "Because if there are people listening to my voice, then that means I'm not alone."
Taichi: "Because the moment listeners will exist for me, even if I'm not aware of it, that should become a connection between me and you."
Taichi: "That's what I think."
Taichi: "People are born alone, and they die alone."
Taichi: "Whoever they become friendly with, they are in essence alone."
Taichi: "Even if they plan together, not everything will be shared."
Taichi: "Living...is a lonely thing."
Taichi: "How to cover up the loneliness......is an important thing."
Taichi: "Isn't that......what others are there for?"
Taichi: "Do you have memories with someone else?"
Taichi: "Those are precious things."
Taichi: "Please make sure you don't forget them."
Taichi: "Because that's the sole support of people who've come to face solitude."
Taichi: "Ideally, someone who's near you."
Taichi: "Right now, such an obvious thing can't be guaranteed."
Taichi: "However......I will be here."
Taichi: "Just as you will be there."
I closed my eyes.
I put a thousand emotions into it,
Taichi: "This is the Gunjou Institute Broadcasting Club."
Taichi: "Is anyone alive out there?"
I prayed---
Taichi: "See you next week."
I ended the broadcast.
I stood up and turned off the generator.
There's no time to put everything away.
I have to go to the hokora.
And repeat this again.
It might be hollow conduct.
But I'll continue calling out.
Desiring for a momentary crossing, a temporary crossing in my heart.
Spanning many weeks.
So that I can say 'next week.'