====================E-AO01_01.TXT====================
Aoi: "...Then. Why me?"
Shuma: "We are in a partnership! Let's get along from tonight!"
Aoi: "Yes, yes, such a slick talker. Don't drag me down, will you."
*I call up Aoi and go on a night patrol with her.*
*She keeps her usual hard expression but I feel the distance between us is getting closer than before. She doesn't refuse me, and allows me to go with her.*
Aoi: "Well, it's frustrating. But it seems I can't solve this case by myself."
Shuma: "Oh, you're surprisingly honest."
Aoi: "A-as I said! We're in a partnership...so I've decided to be true to you more or less!"
Shuma: "Ah, I appreciate it. It's reassuring that you are with me, too."
Aoi: "So, the truth is...?"
Shuma: "Mari and Calen are both moderate if anything. No, they seem to be encouraging something to happen not only for the end, but also for the means."
Shuma: "Compared with them, you want to stop Lycoris before she does something. Me, too. So it's helpful that you're with me."
Aoi: "Hmm..."
*Aoi stares at my face.*
Shuma: "W-what is it?"
Aoi: "Well, alright I guess."
*After all it's impossible to stand up against Lycoris by myself.*
*To begin with, Lycoris is only a mid-term goal for me, who wants to do something with Iris. But for Aoi, it's different.*
*She must be thinking about taking back her friend, Lycoris.*
*It's not out of obligation to Aoi, but I feel this isn't a problem to be solved without Aoi who is fully involved.*
Aoi: "But! I tell you what..."
Aoi: "If you take an action as a vampire, I'll get you without hesitation. Remember that."
Aoi: "I'm not going to accompany your food search!"
*And this...*
Shuma: "I feel pressure when I'm with you."
Aoi: "Yeah? Why is that? Then, is it more pointless to be with me?"
Shuma: "You make me feel I must do my best! Because you are straight."
Aoi: "Are you praising me?"
Shuma: "Partially."
*Mari and Calen are on the vampire side. To face my transformation into a vampire, it is better to be with Aoi, a "human" with a strong sense of mistrust.*
*If I think she'll put a blade into my back, nothing is more reassuring than that.*
*Aoi is supposed to always be like this but...*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "H-hey."
Aoi: "Mm. Eh?! W-what is it?"
Shuma: "Why so standoffish all of a sudden? It's embarrassing."
Aoi: "Oh, you have a feeling like that, too. According to my investigation, until this incident, you were oblivious of this kind of thing and for many years you were with Sakurako Doumyouji―"
Shuma: "S-S-Sakurako has nothing to do with this?!"
Aoi: "But! You know what? I have nothing to fill the time..."
Aoi: "...And come to think of it, since then, we haven't been alone."
Shuma: "Forget about the time I bit you. It's embarrassing to me, too!"
Aoi: "Let's talk about something more enjoyable, enjoyable stories! Not embarrassing ones!"
Shuma: "Why are you in the Rubina?"
Aoi: "Because it's profitable."
*She's like this...*
Shuma: "Usually people talk about their past and deepen their friendship in times like this!"
Aoi: "Then why don't you talk about your past?"
Shuma: "I lived alone with my mother and it was peaceful."
*................*
Aoi: "Hey."
Shuma: "It was my fault. I don't care, I say everything I remember. When I bit you, you were really really cute, Aoi."
Aoi: "Shut up!!"
Shuma: "Don't draw your daggers on the street!"
*Hmm, she still refuses to communicate on a personal level.*
*To be honest, she's difficult to deal with. But strangely, I don't dislike this relationship.*
*Probably because we fought together once and I do trust her.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. We won't have any results as long as we keep walking around without a plan. I know that much..."
Shuma: "Are you walking around town like this every night?"
Aoi: "You're doing that, too. Even though you don't know if it means something."
Shuma: "I'm like bait. Bait. They're targeting me, so must you come out as I'm walking openly like this?!"
Aoi: "You're stupid. Well, I can't call you that when I myself walk around aimlessly every night."
Shuma: "But you still continue."
Aoi: "Yes. It's my job."
Shuma: "School by day, work by night. When do you sleep?"
Aoi: "A scarecrow doesn't sleep."
*She keeps awake all night for Lycoris.*
*I understand her possibly unconscious agitation quite well.*
*During this time, Lycoris may be praying on an innocent girl somewhere. And all this traces back to me.*
*However, it's also true that we have no way of quickly finding her.*
Mari: "Then, do you have any results?"
Shuma: "Nothing..."
Mari: "*Sigh*... Do you really want to do this?!"
*She knocks me out straight!*
Aoi: "Shut up. Stay out of this, you non-humans..."
Calen: "You have gone out every night the last few days, but you are far from finding her."
Mari: "Even when she attacks you occasionally, you always end up being defeated completely or letting her escape."
Calen: "Why not stop it?"
Shuma: "No. It's still early to give up, no, too early! We've just started!"
Aoi: "We are not without plans! We are taking necessary measures, so we are okay! We should be!"
*Since that incident, we haven't been able to find Lycoris.*
*At first, I got worked up thinking Aoi and I together, can fully compete with Lycoris. However, Lycoris herself is gone without a trace.*
*Really, what is she planing to do next? It's possible that she has no plans, but it is too optimistic for us to think like that.*
*Still, it's also true we can't even find her shadow... I feel irritated, but without showing it to Aoi, I continue this fruitless search with her.*
Shuma: "Beauty contest, you say?"
Sakurako: "Right, beauty contest. The very first beauty contest sponsored by our neighborhood association!"
Shuma: "So, who's the backward-looking, airheaded sweets-brain excited about such an outdated event?"
Sakurako: "Meee!"
*Sakurako is unchangeably Sakurako today, too.*
Aoi: "Considering now is the 21st century and over one tenth of it has already passed, I cannot believe I'm actually hearing such words."
Sakurako: "No, no, you cannot make fun of it. Beauty contests are held in many places."
Sakurako: "It's sponsored by the neighborhood association, but contestants are not old ladies from the shopping street! Our school is filled with beauties and cuties! Everyone's gonna enter so I guarantee it'll be exciting!"
Shuma: "Calen, why don't you enter?"
Calen: "With one blink of my eye..."
Shuma: "No cheating!!"
Mari: "...*Fidget fidget fidget*..."
Shuma: "Eh, seriously? Do you want to enter?"
Mari: "Eh?! Oh, no, no, well...it's not like that... See, it means nothing to me if I'm chosen and recognized by humans, really nothing!"
Calen: "If you enter a dog show, I will be your handler."
Mari: "Aaah, that will be more fun! Lady Calen, Lady Calen, please do it!"
Lotus: "Will Kaede-chan enter too, and how about Maritima? Oh, I'm certainly looking forward to it. We can enjoy young girls legally and peacefully. It is truly regrettable that I don't have a body."
Lotus: "If I had a body, I would break into that, what they call a "beauty contest", and kidnap all the cute young girls... Hehehe!"
*Ring. You are drooling.*
Lotus: "Shuma, make sure you see the beauty contest. That's an order from the last progenitor of the Embroche. You absolutely must go!"
*Non-humans are unchangeably non-human today, too.*
Aoi: "...*Staaare*..."
Shuma: "Oh, then Aoi. Are you gonna enter?"
Aoi: "Eh?! Ah, aah, well...b-but, you know...I'm here for a job...and a beauty contest...is so outdated in this day and age."
Aoi: "And I'm like this... I know I'm not very cute, but...still...hmm..."
Aoi: "He, hehe...maybe I'm good enough, you think?"
Shuma: "Idiot."
Aoi: "What's that? What do you mean?!"
*Anyway, apart from my and Aoi's feelings for each other, the world remains peaceful.*
*Of course I understand that, behind this, Lycoris might be preying, controlling, and weakening any number of girls.*
*My goal for the time being is to stop any incidents Lycoris may cause and secure her.*
*As I am the cause of all the trouble, I want to do what I can even if I can't predict how things will turn out.*
*However...*
Aoi: "Hey. Hey, Shuma!"
Shuma: "What? A-ah, yes, yes, what's up?!"
Aoi: "Stop zoning out. I'm trying to have a serious discussion."
Shuma: "But our school is really filled with cute girls and...uh, um, never mind."
Aoi: "Moron, moron."
Shuma: "Shut up. What's all this?!"
Mari: "How come you look so dazed...? Maybe..."
Shuma: "Nothing. Really nothing! I'm alright!"
Aoi: "What do you mean by 'alright'?"
*Ugh.*
Mari: "Aren't you really dazed? How do you feel? Are you sleeping okay at night? Did you suck blood recently?"
Shuma: "I'm not dazed. I don't feel bad either. Night, well, I make the time to sleep. As for blood...no comment."
*I wish Mari would have asked me privately. But she isn't sensible enough. Also I'm in front of Aoi so my words trail off and I end up barely dodging the questions.*
*If I tell the truth, Mari will harass me with more questions... In any case, to work with Aoi, there is one thing I absolutely cannot do.*
Aoi: "Ah, I see. You want to suck blood."
Shuma: "D-don't worry. Even if I don't suck blood, I can still manage by eating normal meals."
Aoi: "What? You don't need to use me for an excuse. You're a vampire after all. I don't like it though."
Shuma: "That is true but...for the time being, no comment."
Mari: "No. Please suck my blood quickly and regain your strength."
Mari: "Ah, we might have trouble though if your 'son' down there gains strength, too. Well, if that happens, it's okay. You can do me quickly."
Shuma: "Waaaah! We're in school! Also you are a girl so don't talk like an old man!"
Mari: "Awwww. Don't you understand my devotion and loyalty toward Master? You are a lame vampire after all."
Shuma: "Don't call me 'lame'!"
Aoi: "Yeah yeah. You two, do whatever you want. Ah, but if you do any of that in front of me, I'll automatically attack you. I'll think about dissolving our alliance, too."
Shuma: "No, really...I won't. I'm saying, no comment."
Aoi: "Hmph, who knows? Well, do whatever you want. It has nothing to do with me, as long as you don't prey on humans."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*...To work with Aoi, there is one thing I absolutely cannot do. If she doesn't believe me...*
*We part with Aoi at the school gates and go back home.*
*Calen goes out with Sakurako as usual, in the name of "studying the beauty contest".*
*Aoi still refuses to work with me immediately after school. Later on, we'll meet up and start night patrolling.*
*So I go home alone with Mari as usual.*
Shuma: "When push comes to shove, I must suck their blood to release the girls from control. I know it."
Shuma: "Just I worry that I'll mesmerize them like Sakurako and Kaede and...end up having sex."
Mari: "It is humans only who feel that anything sexual is immoral. For vampires, a sexual act is a method of exchanging life force and it is a natural system for living things."
Mari: "As a werewolf living in nature, I don't think it's immoral, either. Of course, I have a sense of shame at least."
Shuma: "Ugh, if you say it that way."
Mari: "Sex is the solution. That's fine, isn't it? How is it different from pointing a gun? Or from offering money?"
Mari: "I think these kind of human methods are worse."
*Arrgh. When humans are involved, Mari is really abusive.*
Mari: "But in this matter, you don't need to be worried so much."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Mari: "Mesmerization happens from sexual friction between different life forces."
*Ah, Calen was saying something like that.*
Mari: "This means it's influenced by Master. To be blunt, if a girl whom you like is a partner, the influence is clear."
Shuma: "So the girls who are involved with me are easily mesmerized."
Mari: "Right, if you both like each other, the effect will be doubled."
*That means setting Kaede aside, I see Sakurako, too...of course, I've never disliked her. Right.*
Mari: "Still, I'm talking on the unconscious level, so if you suck blood with sex in mind, you can mesmerize a girl you meet for the first time, I think."
Shuma: "No, no, I'll never suck blood for sex from a girl I meet for the first time...probably. Definitely, I won't...I think..."
*Ugh. I can't affirm it because of my previous offenses. I feel miserable I can't be confident...*
Mari: "There will be no problem as long as you have clear intentions. As for me, I wish Master would push on and go for it."
Shuma: "That's not possible. Because I don't want to."
Mari: "I hardly expect you will, but hearing you say it so decisively makes me wonder why you're like this."
Shuma: "But now I know. It all depends on my frame of mind. I want to make that part clear, as long as I work with Aoi."
Mari: "Then, more so, you must be able to control your vampire power. For that..."
Shuma: "I need to suck as much life force as possible and become a progenitor, right? And for that I must prey on girls. Isn't there another way? Impossible to have my own way!"
*After all, I can do nothing but control myself... I control myself for control, and for that control, I must control myself even more. Life is the succession of self-control. I can't help feeling a grudge against my dad.*
Lotus: "Oh? I feel someone is talking about me unreasonably. Shuma?"
*That's not wrong, but stop talking. Now is not the time for this.*
Mari: "The world is full of contradictions. That's why the wind blows today, too."
*On the other hand, possibly because she's a werewolf, Mari sums it up with a reference to great Mother Nature.*
*Tonight, I've met up with Aoi to search for Lycoris again.*
Shuma: "Say, what am I after all?"
Aoi: "Huh? I don't know. You are the son of a progenitor. So you're just a strong vampire."
Shuma: "I'm a child of a human and a vampire. Isn't that what they call a 'dhampir'?"
*It's a common scenario used in novels and movies. But still, I don't know what I actually am.*
Aoi: "Ah, the one they say can kill vampires? And after death will become the perfect vampire..."
Aoi: "That is simply fiction. Whether purebred or half-bred, they die when they die. Their power might be different but one doesn't become a natural enemy to the other."
*There are no dreams, hopes nor romance.*
Aoi: "And you are a progenitor. You're different from usual vampires. Not just only blood."
Shuma: "The Embroche life force...if I can control it, will I stay being a human, I wonder."
Aoi: "I don't know. It may be possible for someone like the bat woman, but this is the first time I've seen a progenitor's child who is not even a full vampire. I think your housemaid knows more about it."
*That is true.*
Shuma: "W-well, but what can I say? When I hear you say that, I can't help feeling my position is really halfway."
Aoi: "At the same time, you don't know anything. Ignorant. Are you really alright?"
Shuma: "I can acquire knowledge. The problem is wisdom."
Aoi: "A weak area, for both of us."
*She just naturally treated me like an idiot. It's upsetting.*
Aoi: "The present problem is the beauty contest."
Shuma: "Beauty contest? Why do you bring that up?"
Aoi: "Many people gathering in one place. If Lycoris and her familiars break into that kind of event...thinking about it gives me a headache."
Shuma: "Hmm. That's true, but will she show up where people gather?"
Aoi: "Having a crowd is very convenient for vampires. To begin with, it's nothing for Lycoris to create a ruckus. That means we are the ones at a disadvantage. We have more to protect."
Aoi: "Ah, it has nothing to do with you. You don't need to protect humans, rather, you're on the side of attacking them."
Shuma: "I won't attack...but you are right. If Lycoris breaks in to such an event, we'll have our work cut out for us..."
*If I ask for help from Calen and Mari, they'll probably place it on the back burner. Yeah, it will be a headache.*
Aoi: "Geez. Really, what is the neighborhood association thinking? Give me a break."
Shuma: "Don't say that. See, like the revitalization of a town, they are seriously thinking about the town, probably."
Aoi: "Really...beauty contest... Honestly, what are they thinking? Arrgh, if it wasn't happening at a time like this..."
*...Aoi's voice rapidly becomes smaller and she starts strangely fidgeting. I see. Just as I guessed Aoi...*
Aoi: "W-what is it? Stop grinning."
Shuma: "Aoi, I think you'll be able to win, truly! I've never seen any cuter girl than you my whole life!"
Aoi: "Wha-whaaaat?!"
Shuma: "Really, seriously. Honestly, you're very cute."
Aoi: "Right. I knew it from the preliminary investigation, he is like this..."
Shuma: "Ah, I pushed your button, an extremely embarrassing button right now, didn't I? I knew it from your answer. Wait, forget it, forget it!!"
Aoi: "Too late."
Shuma: "Well, anyway. I don't know anything and I'm not dependable but..."
Shuma: "I have an alliance with you. I don't mean to lean on you. I mean to fight together with you."
Aoi: "Oh..."
Shuma: "I told you. You are human and I'm human, too."
Aoi: "You're not human."
*We are like this way but...*
Aoi: "Still, it's such a bother! We can't guess when or where she'll show up!"
Shuma: "How long will she keep me walking around? I'm the target so she should hurry and attack me now!"
*But the problem is our present condition.*
Aoi: "Ah, I can't stay still. I'm really not good at this kind of situation. The best is, like, they attack me all at once, and I solve everything quickly!"
Shuma: "Right! Well, in my case peace is the best."
Aoi: "Peace is taken by force! Ah, no, the thing given by God!"
Shuma: "Again... I wish God would do something for this."
*But if so, would that make it impossible for the Rubina to make a living? Maybe they are not thinking deeply enough.*
Aoi: "Anyway, Lycoris' target is you, isn't it? Why don't you, perhaps, hang from the school rooftop wearing only a pair of underpants and lure Lycoris?"
Shuma: "I'm a sacrifice...?"
*No, really, I thought Lycoris would come to me while I'm walking around the town at night without going as far as Aoi suggests...*
Shuma: "Am I really the target?"
Aoi: "It must be so. But for some reason, she hasn't attacked you since last time."
Shuma: "Hmm..."
*After all, we have no clues. No sign of an attack either.*
*Simply, we keep spending time at night and wasting our physical and mental energy.*
Aoi: "Hey. Can I ask you something?"
Shuma: "Mm? Why are you acting like that now? Between you and me, don't be a stranger."
Aoi: "I won't ask you."
Shuma: "Wait, I understand. I'm not fooling around. So what do you want to ask?"
*Together, we aimlessly wander around the town.*
Aoi: "...Blood."
Shuma: "Blood?"
Aoi: "Haven't you really sucked?"
Shuma: "Do you doubt me?"
Aoi: "Of course I do. You are a vampire. Speak of vampires and it's blood sucking. Blood is food and energy for vampires."
Shuma: "Actually, vampires don't suck blood itself but use blood sucking as a way to absorb life force."
Aoi: "I don't care about the details... Are you not sucking? Or are you actually sucking?"
Shuma: "What's this...? You said you didn't care. You said you wouldn't interfere as long as I don't suck blood from humans..."
Aoi: "S-said it, but not sucking blood is like not eating. Then, you will grow weak, won't you? I don't want to fight with someone like that..."
Shuma: "You, you... I'm going to fight with you and I don't want to let you down, so I'm trying not to suck blood, but you say that to me..."
Aoi: "Eh? You're really not sucking? Not from Mari and Calen?"
Shuma: "I'm not... For that, I'm desperately bearing my thirst..."
Aoi: "Why not? Why don't you suck blood? It's your meal, isn't it?"
Shuma: "Well, I can manage without it. To live, eating food normally is enough. Even though I get thirsty..."
*After this, I must suppress the blood-sucking urge as it comes. For the time being, when it comes, nothing can be done about it. So in the worst case, I might suck blood from Mari. But I won't do it as long as I can bear it.*
Aoi: "But, if you continue that, you will get weak!"
Shuma: "Really, do you or don't you want me to suck blood? Which is it?"
Aoi: "Ugh... Th-that..."
Shuma: "Anyway, Aoi. I made up my mind to fight with you."
Shuma: "Eventually, if I become useless or get in your way, I will reconsider. But until then, I decided not to suck blood. Even though, I get very thirsty. Really, really, thirsty."
Aoi: "S-so what...? If you are so thirsty, why don't you suck blood? You don't need to care about me..."
Shuma: "I cannot do that...even though I'm really thirsty..."
*It's useless to keep complaining and it might put Aoi in a bad mood, but still I've been moderating what I'm saying. If I could, I'd suck blood right now.*
*But I must endure this...otherwise, I would be acting rude to Aoi who is working with me. So I desperately persevere.*
Aoi: "What...? If you whine like that, you should suck blood...idiot."
Shuma: "W-what? Why are you calling me an idiot?"
Aoi: "The idiot's an idiot. Idiot vampire."
Shuma: "Ah, you say whatever you want and just walk away? Hey!"
*Good grief, what is this? Can't she praise me a bit more as I'm doing my best? Even though, I'm not doing it to be praised...*
Shuma: "Wait! If you go alone, working together will be pointless!"
Aoi: "Honestly...really stupid..."
Aoi: "Hey! If you can't keep up, I will leave you here!"
*After all this, we cannot even find Lycoris' shadow and we continue to waste our time.*
*Then one morning...*
*As I expected, "it" starts to come out...*
Shuma: "Haa, haa, haaa..."
*I push myself to leave home early and do a long training run. Something new.*
*It is early morning. There are only a few people around. All I see are middle-aged men and old men jogging like me.*
*I feel the itch. I remember this feeling.*
Shuma: "Please girls, don't come out right now."
*That's the reason why I pick this time for training. It's not because it's cooler nor embarrassing to be seen.*
Shuma: "Ha!"
Shuma: "Sey! Haah!"
Shuma: "Haah... Haah..."
*In a deserted place, I swing Deesse Morte. It's the same training as usual, but for now I simply swing it with nothing specific in mind.*
Lotus: "Hmm. Isn't that only training your muscles?"
Shuma: "Haah, haah...I know that... Seyaaah!"
*As I swing the massive sword with great force, sweat flies off me.*
*I intentionally ignore my dad and continue to swing Deesse Morte.*
*I started this hoping the urge might be less if I move my body and empty my mind, but my throat keeps complaining of its thirst against my wishes.*
Shuma: "Haah, haah, arrghhhh...!"
*If I can't suck blood, this happens. Thirst for blood boils up. The urge...*
*A few days have passed since I decided not to suck blood even though it wasn't from obligation to Aoi. Finally, the blood-sucking urge assaults me.*
*Aoi said I should do what I want as long as I didn't prey on humans, but I insisted on it so much that I don't feel right to suck from Mari or Calen now...*
*All I can do is to hold down the urge and wait for it to pass. Once it passes, I shouldn't feel like this again for some time...*
Shuma: "Shit...! Yaaaaah!"
Mari: "Yes, I see. Aoi-san doesn't want vampires to prey on humans. Master doesn't want to use vampire powers."
Mari: "Who cares? That's just being selfish."
*The way she gets to the point is refreshing.*
Mari: "Still, Master, you yourself understand it too. But you have a hard time in making a clear-cut decision."
Shuma: "Oh, it's unusual that Mari is taking a stance of concession."
Mari: "Then, it's easy. All you need to do is to suck more blood, more and more blood and acquire a presence appropriate for a progenitor."
Mari: "Certainly, you will be able to ignore a mere human girl!"
*It was stupid of me to have a talk with Mari.*
Shuma: "No, it is stupid of me to have created this issue to discuss in the first place..."
Mari: "It is fine as long as you understand that part. But anyway, why are you working with such a difficult girl? Are you witless."
*What a sharp tongue!*
Shuma: "Hmm, we are compatible in things like mesmerization but maybe not so much in normal situations."
Mari: "Then, are you going out with me from now on? If Master tells me to come, I have no choice but to go."
Shuma: "Well, honestly you are weaker than Aoi."
Mari: "You can bite me any time!"
*That is it after all. Once we're in a tough battle, Aoi will probably not let me bite her even to boost her strength.*
Aoi: "...Ughaaah!"
Shuma: "...Aghaaa!"
Sakurako: "Aw, hey, hey, why do you two look so down in the dumps? You've been looking tired recently. Hey, cheer up, cheer up."
Sakurako: "Really nice weather today, too!!"
*That's why I have even less energy.*
Calen: "*Z-zzzz*...♪"
*I want to sleep. Let's sleep.*
Aoi: "Hey hey, I don't have anything important to say, *zzz*..."
Shuma: "*Zzz*..."
Sakurako: "WAKE UP. Boring. Play with me!"
Shuma: "Don't shake, don't shake, don't shake...super irritating...!"
*I'm gonna suck your blood?!*
Shuma: "...*Staaaare*..."
Sakurako: "Oh, what's wrong, Shuma, you stare at me so intently? Have you fallen in love with me? I see."
*It's not "I see".*
Shuma: "Oops, bad, bad, did I look at her again in the wrong way?!"
Mari: "It's been some time since then. When was the last time you did it?"
Shuma: "Never. Well, not once since then."
Aoi: "Yeah, that is it! Getting no result, that's the current state of things!"
Calen: "Oh, no, noisy indeed. I will make you all quiet."
*Oh, she is up.*
Sakurako: "What? Are you practicing something? Oh, for the beauty contest. You're preparing for it. So Aoi, you're gonna participate after all?"
Aoi: "No, I won't participate in such a stupid thing."
Shuma: "Hey, wait. What do you mean by practice?"
Sakurako: "In short, a little party stunt, I guess."
*I will leave this one alone.*
Calen: "As for a party stunt, Mari-san is quite good at it. There."
Mari: "Why do you bring me up blindly? You are carrying it too far, bowow!"
Calen: "Here, ears, a tail, a finger snap♪"
Mari: "Wooooof?! My ears and tail came out by themselves!"
Sakurako: "Hmm 50 out of 100."
Mari: "I hate humaaaaaaaaans."
*I don't know if your cover is blown, really...*
Calen: "Well, its become quiet. Let us sleep, *zzz*..."
Aoi: "Ugh...what am I gonna do, what am I gonna do, what will I...*zzz*..."
Sakurako: "Shuma, everyone fell asleep. Play with me, play with me..."
Shuma: "I said knock it off!"
*I unintentionally stare into Sakurako's eyes.*
Sakurako: "――――"
Sakurako: "I guess you look tired too so there's nothing I can do. Fine, I will practice my party stunt over there. Yah-boo."
*Oh, she pulled back quite easily.*
*But that didn't feel right. I think Sakurako was more frank before.*
*Oh, that's it. Mesmerization. Because of this sleepiness I wasn't more careful with it. It's weak but I'm supposedly exercising it all the time. I must be a little more careful.*
Shuma: "......"
*But...still she seemed to abruptly pull back...*
Aoi: "..............."
*First of all, I'm sleepy. It's because I wander around the town almost every night.*
*And so far my batting average is zero. Complete waste of energy. No results.*
*On top of that, jogging and training every morning. Well I consider I'm doing it because of impatience coming from self-reproach.*
Aoi: "So, about this unexpected beauty contest, if I sum up the story..."
*I want to suck blood and I can't stand it.*
*I try having a strategy meeting with Aoi during the lunch break but I'm not into it at all.*
Aoi: "Really, Shuma! How come you are spaced out?! This is important!"
Shuma: "Oh, oh...sorry, sorry. So about the beauty contest, right?"
Aoi: "You've been listening."
*I wonder if it's better for me not to come to school after all?*
*I blindly mesmerize those who are around me and on top of that, there are so many girls here while my blood-sucking urge does nothing but increase.*
*However, as long as the beauty contest is going to be held, I want to see how it goes as much as possible...no, above all that, I'm human and a student...*
Aoi: "...Shuma."
Shuma: "Sorry! I'm alright now! Hahaha, I overate a little and um, my stomach hurts!"
Mari: "Eh, really, Master. Are you okay? Would you like some medicine?"
Shuma: "I'm okay, I'm okay now. Then, Aoi, your story?"
Aoi: "...Yeah. About the beauty contest..."
*Aoi's sharp gaze. It's my sole saving grace.*
*Her look which is far from trust is my cause for security.*
*I have a problem with depending on Aoi completely. But as it happened in the classroom with Sakurako, if Aoi is next to me and gives a sharp look, I can restrain myself.*
*The moment I lose control is what I unbearably fear.*
Lotus: "If you cannot control yourself without the disappointing sister's look, then that is quite weak self-control. I feel a little sorrow."
*He says whatever he wants to about me...but it can't be helped. The blood-sucking urge is that strong.*
Shuma: "Oh. Then, the beauty contest itself was suggested by the chairman of the shopping street association, right?"
Aoi: "Right, the chairman started saying something about a promotion to revitalize the town, then suddenly it's decided. Don't you smell something suspicious?"
Shuma: "Do you think so? But, yeah it's sort of out of the blue."
Shuma: "Right. It's understandable if they do it as a part of a shopping street festival, but it's a one-shot deal and has no connection to anything. Well, that's why it's a surprise, I guess."
Aoi: "But if it's the chairman's suggestion, does it have nothing to do with Lycoris, after all?"
Sakurako: "Hey, hey, by the way, what are you two talking about? Are you trying to threaten the chairman and manipulate the beauty contest votes? No rigging, rigging is not right."
*Practically speaking, the only way for me, an incomplete being, to suppress this urge is to suck blood.*
*However, in order to stay being "human", it is indispensable to have a good reason to release Lycoris' victims.*
*And that is none other than to confront Lycoris.*
*For this reason, Aoi and I should be perfectly compatible. Our interests can't be more aligned.*
*But, subtly out of step. Why can't we fall into sync?*
*At dusk when there is still a little time before the sun completely sets. Aoi and I are walking shoulder to shoulder, which rarely happens.*
Aoi: "It is still early for her to come out. But I feel restless if I do nothing."
*When I see it with fresh eyes, many different people come and go along the river this time of the day.*
*Contrary to morning, all sorts of people are here. An elderly person walks his dog, a housewife back from shopping, fellow students, mostly guys, are chatting...*
*A girl in the same uniform who is back from school. A girl in a different uniform who is back from a club activity. A girl on a bike. Hmmm, delicious-looking girl. I'm thirsty. Pull yourself together, Shuma!*
Shuma: "So, why here?"
Aoi: "Well, we'll have to be sharp once night comes. There are casual things we can talk about now, aren't there?"
Shuma: "Yeah, you're right. We're gonna teach Lycoris a lesson this time!"
Shuma: "Yes, we will teach Lycoris a lesson and release the victims, then release Lycoris, too!"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Yeah, right. Let's do our best."
Shuma: "Hey, hey, what's that reaction? Not this kind of talk?"
Aoi: "I guess that's good. I'm thirsty. Is tomato juice okay?"
Shuma: "...Thank you."
Aoi: "We still hardly know anything about the beauty contest."
Shuma: "In school, no one is particularly suspicious about the beauty contest. Well, I guess that's natural when I think about it."
Aoi: "But she will probably come. Even if you are the target, more hostages will be better."
Shuma: "Then, how about the option where I just don't go to the beauty contest?"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... I wish more than anybody else that Lycoris had foresight like that."
*What the hell? The problem existed before she became a familiar?*
Shuma: "Well...if you say so, it must be so. Then, whether I go or not, it is highly likely she will attack the contest..."
*There is no way to prevent it beforehand for the time being...*
Shuma: "...What have we been trying to do?"
Aoi: "...Anyway, recently we've been terrible. You know that, don't you?"
Shuma: "You don't need to say that...'terrible.' But yeah, we haven't done anything."
*Lycoris may be active behind our backs and causing harm to people.*
*If so, this means we have been failing to save those people. It is possible we are worse off than having done nothing.*
Aoi: "Maybe, I am...unsatisfactory, too. After all, I haven't fought squarely with Lycoris so I don't know who is stronger. But thats not a big enough reason to say that I don't want to be bitten by you to become more powerful."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Aoi: "Still, I absolutely refuse to be bitten so I've been thinking about a counter measure. Finally a time for new weapons."
Shuma: "New weapons? What are they?"
Aoi: "Things I requested from the Holy See are about to arrive. We have branches all over the world, and they're probably already here. I'll go and pick them up later."
Aoi: "Phew, gochisousama deshita (that was delicious)."
Shuma: "Supper for a vampire hunter is gyudon every night."
Aoi: "You should have gone home. You do have a maid."
Shuma: "It's best to have a meal together to nurture our communication."
Aoi: "Isn't it easier for you to just control me with your gaze, Mr. Progenitor?"
Shuma: "Haha, if I did that, you would hunt me down, wouldn't you?"
Aoi: "You know it well."
*Still, I know it will be no use to aimlessly walk around the town.*
*However, even if it's aimless, we have no choice but to do it.*
*...In the end.*
Aoi: "No result again."
Shuma: "Sucks for you. Is that a matchlock?"
Aoi: "This is useless. I don't have a lighter."
Shuma: "Why don't you buy one?"
Aoi: "Right. But whatever."
Shuma: "But really, that's a new weapon? Is the Holy See hobby collecting antiques or what?"
Aoi: "Saint Nobunaga's Holy Matchlock. They sent me a difficult one to use, really. Let's see the others..."
Aoi: "Saint Goliath's Holy Sword. I'm gonna pass because it might get snatched and end with my head chopped off. Saint Edmond's Holy Disruptor. The universe will be destroyed so it's no good. Saint Arnold's Holy Shotgun? No bullets."
Aoi: "Maybe I should quit this job."
*Really the Holy See has no principles.*
Shuma: "Honestly, anybody and everybody is a saint."
*I can't keep from butting in.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. After all, you'll have to fight with that stupidly big sword."
Shuma: "Don't say 'stupidly'. It's a family treasure."
Aoi: "Isn't a vampire family treasure supposed to be more fantastic? Yours is just a stupidly big sword."
Lotus: "Certainly, that is a stupidly large, stupid-looking big sword. But, it is our family treasure."
*Deny the "stupid" part a little. Stupid dad.*
Shuma: "Don't say that. I've been practicing to handle Deesse Morte just in case."
Aoi: "Eh? Seriously? That big sword?"
Shuma: "Seriously. I've become a vampire and have superhuman power so I can swing it around. If I'm able to handle it well, I think I can fight better."
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "You're making an effort in your own way. I underestimated you a bit. Sorry."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "W-what? Making a strange face..."
Shuma: "Well...you..."
Shuma: "You can say sorry!"
Aoi: "Even I have some manners!"
Shuma: "Well, let's see. So no new weapons, but...if it's possible..."
Aoi: "Huh? What?"
Shuma: "Aoi, you can handle swords really well, right?"
Aoi: "Well, yeah, because I'm using twin swords all the time..."
Shuma: "Maybe, you know the way to use a big sword, right? If you do, I want you to teach me."
*It occurs to me that it may be the perfect opportunity, so I ask her even though it might be abrupt.*
Aoi: "A big sword?! Well, I learned the basics during training..."
Shuma: "That is enough! I can swing Deesse Morte...but I've never learned the art of big swords, so I know nothing about basics. I touched a bamboo sword a bit though..."
Aoi: "Well, handling is different between a bamboo sword and a large sword."
Shuma: "Can I ask you?"
Aoi: "......"
*Was it too sudden, after all? Hasn't she opened up to me enough to accept my request?*
Aoi: "...Well. They say a little bit of knowledge can be a dangerous thing. But whether you know the basics or not, that makes all the difference."
Shuma: "Then!"
Aoi: "If we have a chance. For the time being, you can swing it, can't you? Large swords are originally not for slicing but beating, crushing or breaking...so it's important you can swing it around."
Aoi: "If you know the basics, it will be more effective, and it might be enough for the time being. So...if we have the time, I'll teach you."
Shuma: "Seriously?! Thanks!"
Aoi: "Hey, don't misunderstand me! First of all, it goes against my will to help a vampire become stronger!"
Aoi: "When I'm free and really have nothing to do, I'll reluctantly teach you!"
Lotus: "OH. SHE'S A JAPANESE TSUNDERE!"
*Why is he saying it like faking a foreigner's accent...?*
Shuma: "But still I thank you. You are helping me."
Aoi: "Really..."
Shuma: "But why is our family treasure such a massive sword? If it wasn't so big, I would be able to handle it better and become a force to be reckoned with."
Aoi: "I'm just surprised that a magic sword showed up at all. Even though it doesn't seem to be very useful."
Shuma: "Is that so? But in your place, you have so many things like saint this, holy that."
Aoi: "That's true but it's because we baptize weapons and goods which have ancient and honorable origins."
Aoi: "Of course, they are baptized by the Rubina so they wield massive power over familiars of the darkness, but originally they were just simple weapons used by famous people."
Shuma: "Well, yeah...I can kind of guess that, from what you call them."
*These are things that seem completely far-fetched, but I'd better not point that part out.*
Aoi: "And the Rubina are on the humans' side. Your large sword is on the dark side. You understand we have little opportunity to see a special weapon on the dark side, don't you?"
Shuma: "Oh, I guess you're right. You have no friends so you have few opportunities. As for holy things, the only ones I know are the ones on display."
Shuma: "Anyway, does that baptizing thing really work?"
*Truly, suspicious. I can't help but say that about something so unbelievable.*
Aoi: "Of course, it does. Because God exists."
Shuma: "Oh, those sparkles..."
Aoi: "And baptized weapons are different from divine swords. Divine swords are weapons genuinely bestowed by God."
*Divine swords or holy swords, they suddenly both sound cheap. Although, the world might be something like that.*
Shuma: "But if there are such amazing things, why don't you use them?"
Aoi: "Really, do you think a weak human like myself can handle something like a divine sword?"
Shuma: "I don't think a weak human swings around twin daggers and performs sword play."
Aoi: "Huh?"
Shuma: "Nothing."
Aoi: "Anyway, to increase your fighting power quickly, the shortest way is probably training you, versus a weapon upgrade...which for me is still pretty objectionable and regrettable."
Shuma: "That is, when you feel like it. As you said before, right? I know that. But before anything, don't make a vampire use a weapon that belongs to the Holy See. You'll be punished by your god."
Aoi: "Weapons are made to be used. It is better than being covered with dust in the Holy See."
Shuma: "Then, why don't you make an effort and use one?"
*I point to the matchlock which is randomly laying at our feet.*
Matchlock: " (Heart thump, heart thump) "
*What's this? Somehow I feel pulsing waves of expectancy emanating from the matchlock.*
Aoi: "Sorry, impossible."
Matchlock: " (Frown) "
*Oh, it's disappointed.*
Aoi: "Good grief, every one of you are useless!"
Shuma: "Hey, hey, calm down."
Aoi: "I know! I know but...sometimes you just want to scream!"
*So Aoi's support from the Holy See is this. No, Mr. Matchlock, you are not at fault. I'm not her god but I understand it's not your fault.*
Aoi: "Oh! Right! I've got an idea!"
Shuma: "Huh? What the hell..."
Aoi: "Divine sword, divine sword! I can't handle one, but I think the stupid vampire who can swing that stupidly big sword with his stupid power might be able to use it."
Shuma: "Too much 'stupid'...I'm gonna cry in the end."
Aoi: "Go ahead and cry, stupid! If it goes well, you'll have the honor of wielding a divine sword bestowed upon you by God! So you'd better feel honored!"
Shuma: "Right, right. I'm honored."
*I feel no honor. I don't feel honored at all. It's impossible for me to feel it.*
Aoi: "In the first place, if you try to use a divine sword to do something bad, you will be punished so it's perfect! Perfect!"
Aoi: "So, Dear Lord! Would you bestow a divine sword upon me, please!!"
Shuma: "If anyone's around, you will obviously be reported to the police, so be careful."
*Aoi suddenly cries out in a loud voice, and I can't stop myself from calmly butting in. Is Mr. God really coming from such an easy...*
**Sparkle sparkle sparkle*.*
Aoi & Shuma: "Here he comes!!!"
*Seriously! He is really frank!*
Aoi: "Yes, Lord! My Lord is gracious! So, for this reason, please lend me your divine sword!"
*Hey, hey. Is that really an okay way to address God?*
Aoi: "Eh, seriously?! Honest to god?!"
Aoi: "Yes! Of course! I've been believing in you, my Lord!!"
*Oh, she seems to be getting a good response. This is really good timing. I wonder if he has a lot of free time.*
**Sparkle sparkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: "...Eh?"
Shuma: "Huh?"
*Oh. The sky is split and a light...this is the power of God...*
Aoi: "Oh! Something is falling! It must be a divine sword!"
Shuma: "O-oh...God's miracle is amazing. So many people must be witnessing this, I bet..."
*He's so flashy!*
Shuma: "But, what...?"
Shuma: "Wait, isn't that dangerous...?"
Aoi: "What are you saying? Gratefully receive it. My Lord hands it down himself."
Shuma: "In person...but is the speed increasing? And it's coming straight toward us!"
Aoi: "Eh?"
*Finally Aoi seems to notice something is wrong and has a disturbed expression on her face, but meanwhile something her god threw at us is getting closer. Waaaaah?!*
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi! It's getting red! Has it entered the atmosphere?!"
Aoi: "Wait?! My Lord?! My Lord?! It is coming too fast! Please slow it down! Stop, STOP!!"
Shuma: "*Groan*...!"
*If that thing falls to the earth, it will cause a huge disaster!*
Shuma: "Come! Deesse Morte!!"
Shuma: "Waaahhh!!"
*So close...!! Please make it in time!!!*
Shuma: "AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!"
*I don't have time to hold the flat side of Deesse Morte in front of me, so I brandish it against the flying object as it is.*
Shuma: "Waaaaah!!!!!"
*Heavy!! Of course it is! But I cannot let it be so, as I prepare to strike the object on fire hurtling toward us! If I lose, I will be evaporated for sure!!*
Shuma: "Yaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!"
Aoi: "Aaaaaaaah!!"
Shuma: "So...close..."
*What is left after taking a full swing with Deesse Morte are pieces of her god's weapon broken into smithereens. And me, drenched with cold sweat, but still alive.*
Shuma: "H-how reckless... I was almost killed."
*Even though I'm a vampire, I will die if I am broken into pieces.*
Aoi: "Hey, you!! What have you done!"
Shuma: "...Huh?"
Aoi: "My Lord was kind enough to bestow on us his divine sword, but you broke it into pieces like this. What were you thinking?!"
Shuma: "...But how could I have received that, really...?"
Aoi: "Surely, it may be so, but my Lord can make mistakes too! Still, you didn't need to break it into pieces!"
Shuma: "What should I have done?!"
Aoi: "No, really! The Lord generously gave it to us! You broke it into pieces like this! I wonder if I can use it as holy ashes."
Shuma: "Seriously...I was about to get killed for sure...even though I agree it was wasteful."
*As I see Aoi quickly gathering the broken pieces of the divine sword, a downright unbearable feeling comes over me.*
Shuma: "Really, alright, alright. I'll help you collect this for the time being."
*I don't think it would've been of any use, but at least it was a goodwill gesture. I cannot deny that. It would have been nice if he hadn't launched it down like that, though...*
Lotus: "Hmm...it was a really rough way of giving it..."
Shuma: "Mm? What's wrong?"
*I hear a voice in my head unexpectedly and answer back in a subdued tone.*
Lotus: "No. Nothing to worry about. All we know is her god is a fishy character. He is untrustworthy."
*I think I agree with him on that... If Aoi hears us though, she will be extremely upset.*
Lotus: "Really...I wonder what he is thinking."
*The situation hasn't been progressing. I've felt impatient, too.*
*I have made an effort every day to try and make progress. I have walked around in the middle of the night and tried to find even a single a clue.*
*But since that incident, I haven't found a trace of Lycoris, or heard even a rumor that an ordinary person was attacked.*
*I haven't been able to get a lead, much less catch Lycoris herself. And so, I can't help but doubt whether what I've been doing really means anything.*
*For this reason, we needed something new. A move so we could break away from this current course.*
*Aoi must have felt like me. Even though her plan ended up failing.*
*But, even so. We have no choice but to continue to move. If there is anything to be done, we must move. Otherwise, we will accomplish nothing.*
*We must believe that if we keep moving, it will bring us a better future.*
====================E-AO01_02.TXT====================
Shuma: "What?"
*Before I know it, the day of the beauty contest has come!*
Aoi: "We haven't done anything after all?!"
*While we struggled to find something, time flew away...*
*I don't want to think those days were meaningless, but we had no results and hardly had any developments.*
Shuma: "Still, my arm hurts..."
Aoi: "Well, besides my lectures, you've been doing muscle training and swing practices, haven't you? Even though you have stupidly strong power, you still have muscle pain? A vampire has muscle pain...*pfft* *giggle giggle*."
Shuma: "Shut up... A lot of lactic acid is produced in vampires, too."
*Such being the case, Aoi might have finally grown impatient with our failures every night, but over the last few days she's found time to keep me company during my morning training.*
Shuma: "But, really thank you. I feel I'm getting better at handling the sword than I was before."
*This morning too, she kept me company and gave me lots of advice. So in that flow, we came to the shopping street together.*
Aoi: "Really. I'm doing it against my will, though. Why do I have to train a vampire...? *Grumble*."
Shuma: "Don't say that. We are cooperating now and you want to increase our fighting strength, right?"
Aoi: "It is so, but...frustrating. If we only had a better weapon. At least you could try that divine sword..."
Shuma: "Oh..."
*We found out later that those fragments from the divine sword that her god launched at us and that I broke into pieces, had no use.*
*Now they've been mixed in with potted soil to provide proper drainage for the foliage plants in my house.*
*According to Aoi, placing a holy weapon in the dark nest where vampires haunt has given her a little relief.*
*It hasn't caused any bad effects to the rest of us, such as feeling ill or whatnot. So basically, we think it's fine as long as Aoi is okay.*
Aoi: "Well...I'm satisfied with that for the time being. And you've started looking good. After all, as far as a large sword is concerned, whether you can swing it around or not directly decides if you can handle it."
Shuma: "Oh. Maybe I have a natural aptitude?"
Aoi: "I wouldn't go that far. As I said before, fundamentally large swords are for knocking down your opponent completely on a first encounter, or driving a killer strike into your opponent in defense during a fight..."
Aoi: "It's like, if you don't hit your target, it ends right there."
Aoi: "From the start, they're not made for fighting against weapons which can quickly be maneuvered. Look, offense and defense are clearly defined."
Shuma: "I guess you are right..."
*Still, I cannot depend on one killer strike in battles against Lycoris and Iris. Maneuvering skills will inevitably be required.*
Aoi: "It is impossible to use small maneuvers, but the moves which lead to defense... Well, you understand them as I've been teaching you. You are looking pretty good, I think."
Shuma: "Is that so? It's all thanks to Aoi. Thank you, Aoi."
Aoi: "Y-you don't need to thank me, really... I've only been doing it so that you'll become stronger and more useful to me when I get into trouble! After we've handled Lycoris' situation though, please forget everything!"
Shuma: "No, that's impossible...I'm not a smart phone. I won't be able to uninstall the info so easily..."
*Such being the case, since we couldn't catch up with Lycoris' crew, I spent time learning from Aoi. As for our searching, it's been fruitless until today.*
Aoi: "Anyway, just uninstall it. A smart phone is more useful than you! Good grief..."
Shuma: "H-hey. Don't go on ahead."
*And Aoi, who was in a special kind of good mood while teaching me this morning, gets angry for some reason and quickly walks ahead to the site.*
Shuma: "What is she angry at? Really..."
*I must go, too. I have no room mentally to watch a beauty contest, but no matter how we pass the time, there are no results.*
Lotus: "But, it is good that Aoi has taught you, Shuma."
Shuma: "Huh? Yeah. I didn't expect she would really teach me."
*I am spoken to from the ring on my chest and I reply in a small voice.*
Lotus: "Whatever I do, I can only give you oral advice as I did not have enough strength to handle Deesse Morte originally. I prefer a rapier."
Lotus: "See, it is nice and just like an aristocrat, isn't it? Your mother was charmed by me wielding a rapier with a rose in my mouth, too."
Shuma: "There are many things I need to say, but can I say them later?"
Lotus: "You are harsh. In any case, I am a little surprised."
Shuma: "Mmm? At what?"
Lotus: "There are a few I know of, among the forms Aoi taught you in using Deesse Morte."
Shuma: "Huh? You said you couldn't use large swords..."
Lotus: "I cannot, but I inspected the training of guardsmen and soldiers."
Lotus: "I was a bit surprised at seeing forms I remember being mixed in with the forms Aoi taught you. I thought that was original Embroche swordsmanship."
Shuma: "Does that mean Aoi has something to do with the Embroche family...?"
Lotus: "No, no. It certainly means that Embroche swordsmanship was superior than most."
Lotus: "It might have leaked out from somewhere and the Rubina have been compelled to use it because of its effectiveness. If so, it makes me feel good♪"
Shuma: "Right..."
*Well, he must be happy that his own family has been recognized as being excellent.*
Lotus: "And it was done through an unexpected route, but I am honestly pleased that the Embroche swordsmanship was passed along to you."
Lotus: "I still cannot trust Aoi, but I thank her for that part. You can become stronger using this opportunity, too."
Shuma: "You say that kind of thing again... We are fighting together now, so we must trust her."
Lotus: "Are you telling me to trust the Rubina? That is fundamentally impossible."
Shuma: "No...I don't know about the Rubina and their god but if you can trust Aoi a little..."
*Otherwise, Aoi seems not to be appreciated. It may be difficult but I want Dad to trust just Aoi...is it selfish to think like this?*
Lotus: "As I said, I cannot trust her. But I do not think the current situation is bad. You should learn properly and build up your strength appropriately for the role of progenitor."
Shuma: "...I guess so."
*I guess there is an insurmountable wall. He might not be able to help it, but doing something about it...maybe that's my role.*
Shuma: "Oops, I'm seriously gonna lose her. Aoi, wait!"
Sakurako: "Hehe, hehe, hehehehehe. The day is done, the day is done, it's time for a super fun party trick contest♪"
*That's not it.*
Kaede: "Oh, Big Brother. Hello."
*As I catch up to Aoi, I bump into Sakurako and others who all came together.*
Shuma: "Hey, Kaede. Oh, are you in the beauty contest, too?"
Kaede: "Hehehe... All the biology club members encouraged me, I was kind of forced into it. I will do a trick with our rabbits."
Shuma: "I can't wait to see that! Do your best!"
Kaede: "Yup!"
*Now it is 2 pm on Saturday afternoon. The contest will start at 3 pm.*
*An event space on the shopping street is the contest site, and clothes shops dotted around are being used for waiting rooms where contestants are gathering.*
*When I look closely, the clothes shop nearest to the site normally sells Japanese clothes for the elderly, but today displays yukata (traditional summer robe) for the young, and fancy western clothes...they are very business-minded.*
Calen: "Boo. I could not be a contestant, after all."
Shuma: "Of course not. Because you're gonna cheat."
*"Oh. Well, what if they were to eventually say, 'There exists a lady―a lady more suitable than any of our contestants!' and―"*
Shuma: "As I said, no cheating!!"
Mari: "Then, apart from that, Master. Are you supposed to do something?"
Shuma: "...Yeah. I'm not really interested in the beauty contest so I'm planning to do my own thing."
Mari: "Really? Hehehe, the event is named a beauty contest so certainly many cute girls will participate. There will be so many girls for you to pick from."
Mari: "Inside the clothing shop waiting rooms are just like an all-you-can-eat buffet! Nothing but a feast for Master!"
Shuma: "Shut up! You, go to a dog show!"
Mari: "If you let me join, I'll be happy to!"
Shuma: "No, sorry. Give me a break."
Mari: "Well, I'm not that much interested in a human festival, and definitely more interested in a dog show. But you are supposed to have fun at a festival, aren't you?"
Mari: "In that case, how about letting Aoi-san, who has such a sulky look right now, join the beauty contest? Her face says she wants to participate."
Aoi: "N-n-n-n-not particularly! I definitely do not want to join!"
*Aaaaah, I want to bite-bite-bite and want to suck blood from many cute girls who are all around and ready for the contest. Mmmm, girls, girrrrrrrls!*
*Dang it all! Tomato juice, placebo effect! Change, change...*
Shuma: "Sold out?!"
*Aaargh. All the drinks including tomato juice in the vending machines are sold out.*
Shuma: "Oooooh...am I up on Mount Fuji or something...?"
*Even the sweet red-bean hot soup drink is sold out right now. I guess this means there's a lot of people gathering here...*
Shuma: "Ugh...crowded...ughhhh..."
*And, for some reason, the crowd is dense only around us.*
*Because of this, cute girls bump into and press against me. I'm having a hard time being patient with things...many things. Of course I'll be patient!*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. Seriously, as soon as you relax, it goes like this."
Shuma: "Huh, is it my fault after all?"
*Before I notice her, Aoi is next to me and sighs amidst the jostling crowd.*
Aoi: "Not your fault. If anything, it is the fault of your kind who cannot control their ability."
*So it IS my fault.*
Aoi: "I don't think they are coming just for you. They are gathering around you for a vague reason, like something smells good around here or it's cooler here."
*I really hate this. Aren't supernatural powers supposed to exist for just when you need them?*
Shuma: "Leaving that aside! About the plan for today!"
Aoi: "We have to be vigilant. It will start soon. Let's patrol during the contest."
*Our never ending search for the whereabouts of Lycoris and company continues.*
Shuma: "...After all, that's the only thing we can do. Shit, I know it but it's still frustrating."
Aoi: "Honestly, it doesn't even matter. She doesn't come out during the day because of the effects of being a vampire."
Shuma: "But, you'll be restless without doing this."
Aoi: "...Yeah. Sorry. I call myself a hunter and talk big, but I can be whiny."
Shuma: "N-no, you don't need to apologize. Rather, I'm the one who should do that! I know more about this town and shopping street."
*Then, at that moment...*
Aoi: "Oh. From the event space?"
Shuma: "The beauty contest seems to have started."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "What? Do you care about it after all?"
Aoi: "Huh? Not particularly. I don't want to participate in it, either."
Shuma: "You acted as if you were interested in it before, hmm?"
Aoi: "Th-that time was...because you gazed at me so closely..."
*What's that? I did nothing of the sort.*
Shuma: "Well, I guess this is the best. If you joined, you would mess up the contest. 'Cause you are too cute."
Aoi: "――――――"
Shuma: "See, these eyes are really beautiful and cheeks are so soft. I sometimes say it, but really you are very cute. Well, at least your face. Hahaha."
Shuma: "...Aoi?"
Aoi: "Oh! W-well...I-I mean, see...c-compatibility."
Shuma: "Compatibility?"
Aoi: "I told you before. You and me, our compatibility is perfect. No, no, that's not it, I mean...too bad!"
Aoi: "I've been training myself and I am confident in my power to resist. But you are different, there's nothing I can do about...this!"
Aoi: "Compared to normal people who gather around you like this...your mesmerization affects me more..."
Aoi: "...So, don't say something like that."
*I can't believe Aoi gives me this unexpected reply at a time like this. Her cheeks are faintly tainted with shyness. A pretty rare facial expression!*
Shuma: "The beauty contest."
Aoi: "Eh?"
Shuma: "I think you are the winner, really."
Aoi: "W-what? Y-y-you fool...!"
Shuma: "I don't know who the old man on the shopping street will choose! But as far as I'm concerned, the number one at this moment is no one but you, Aoi!
Shuma: "Right now you are super cute!"
Aoi: "...~~~~~~...!"
Shuma: "O-okay, then let's go patrolling in high spirits!"
Aoi: "Oh, don't jumble! Well, no, it's better to be jumbled. Alright, let's go, oh!"
*I just meant to tease Aoi, but I came to feel embarrassed talking right now, too!*
*We have about 2 hours before the winner of the contest will be decided. During this time, Aoi and I look around the shopping street.*
*Actually, even though we call it patrolling, all we do is walk around idly except for looking into a few dark corners.*
*Even though, Lycoris probably won't come attack us.*
Aoi: "Do you wanna know what's going on over there after all? If you go and watch a little, I won't particularly mind."
Shuma: "No, I'm good."
*From the several clothing shops and nearby surroundings we've passed many times, the shrill voices of girls resound.*
*However, I cannot peek inside... As she may try to prevent her determination from being shaken, Aoi doesn't look in the direction of the clothes shops, either.*
Shuma: "It's kind of strange."
Aoi: "Hmm? What is strange?"
Shuma: "Like being left out in the cold. I wonder if they're really doing it."
Aoi: "Beauty contest?"
Shuma: "We had such short notice that they would do it. And though it was out of the blue, Sakurako, everyone at school and even Calen seemed to be looking forward to it."
Shuma: "In short, everybody wants to get excited, I guess."
Aoi: "Yeah, it's true. I can see that."
*It doesn't need to be a beauty contest. It would be the same if it is an annual school festival or Christmas.*
*The fact that the event is suddenly being held on the shopping street doesn't excite me. And even though a fair number of people are looking forward to it, it doesn't move me at all.*
*That's only natural because the event has a start, middle and end without having anything to do with me.*
*But I am here.*
Aoi: "Although, I haven't even seen the beauty contest..."
Shuma: "I wonder if this means I'm becoming a vampire, I'm parting from the human world."
Aoi: "..............."
Aoi: "I think it's good. You've been left in the cold alone with a 'super cute' girl."
Aoi: "For your information, I don't hate you, particularly."
Shuma: "What the...! What the hell is that?!"
Aoi: "...Hehehe."
Shuma: "I-I mean, usually you say you hate me, you hate vampires..."
Aoi: "Vampires are the ones I hate. I have no hatred for you. I've felt some pity for you though.
Shuma: "What is this all about?!"
Aoi: "Payback."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Don't say you're being left out in the cold. Lycoris and I have always been like that."
*...Oh.*
Aoi: "You may be getting more like that now. But, see...you realize it!"
Aoi: "You and I are in an alliance!"
Shuma: "Aoi..."
*I didn't expect I would be cheered up by Aoi...*
*...by this girl who detests vampires and is so stubborn.*
Shuma: "Mm, thanks."
Aoi: "You, you should say something like that while looking me straight in the eyes. I feel embarrassed, too."
Shuma: "Can I? I'm a vampire."
Aoi: "...Right. Forget it."
*Oh, this means I'm right. Frustrating.*
*I don't know what to do and become uselessly repetitive, stuck in a vicious circle.*
*That's why this beauty contest becomes just a phenomenon to me. My attention doesn't turn to it because I always think "anything other than this thing".*
*Of course, the fact I am simply not interested in it is a reason too. But Sakurako and Mari are and for that alone, it should have interested me.*
*Not even that has happened. In my view, the event is somehow just happening.*
*...This is extremely serious. I guess I'm just spinning my wheels.*
*In times like this, bad things happen.*
Shuma: "Oh? Have they picked the winner?"
Aoi: "No, I think they're about to announce it. They just said so over the loudspeaker."
*The announcement being shouted out through a microphone is difficult to hear, but certainly they just said something like that since the audience seems to be excited.*
Shuma: "They are really excited."
Aoi: "Truly. It sounds fun...but we cannot relax until the end. That way we are ready for when Lycoris launches an attack..."
Shuma: "Well, at this rate I feel it will end peacefully."
*No, I want it to end peacefully. Even if I'm not in the circle of peace, I don't want to see everyone's smile getting destroyed. It's best if nothing happens and everyone goes home with a smile on their―*
Shuma: "?!"
Aoi: "What?!"
Shuma: "From the stage! Aoi, let's go!!"
Lycoris: "Hahahaha! The queen of the beauty contest is me. Ignorant crowd, you'd better grovel before my beauty, I say!!
Shuma: "She's showed up even though it's still daytime!"
*The one who has taken over the stage and loudly declared something so stupid is indeed Lycoris. However, the cause of the audience's screams is the big shadow behind her.*
*???: "Kiki...kishaa..."*
Shuma: "A huge insect...!"
*What a terrible thing she has brought...again! Having a spider-like monster in front of them, the audience screams and cries. I would scream too if I weren't prepared.*
Aoi: "Lycorissssss!!!"
Shuma: "Oh! Wait, Aoi!!"
*I try to say that we should first see what they do, but the words don't even reach Aoi's ears before she charges the stage toward Lycoris to vent the anger she's withheld until now.*
Lycoris: "You came out as I expected! You stupid sister and stupid progenitor. It is exactly what I thought, I say!"
Aoi: "The stupid one is youuuuuuuu!!"
Lycoris: "Huh! Say that all you want. In time you'll realize you are the stupid one, I say!"
Shuma: "Really...don't rush in blindly... I'll come, so wait for me!"
*In order to join the fight on stage, I somehow get past the completely confused crowd gathering around...*
*What? Something is wrong. Why do I feel something is not right with the scene on stage?*
Shuma: "What? What is wrong?"
*While focusing on the stage, I push my way through the crowd.*
Lotus: "What is it? What do you think is wrong?"
Shuma: "I don't know yet...but I feel something isn't right...!"
*To the voice who calls out to me, I can only give back such a vague reply.*
Lotus: "Something is...hmm."
Shuma: "I have no time to think...! Aoi!!"
*Anyway, I must get to the stage as soon as I can. In spite of bumping and staggering into numerous shoulders, I reach a point a few steps away from the stage.*
Aoi: "Lycoris! It's about time to wake up!"
Lycoris: "It is you, Aoi who should wake up! Why don't you become a vampire already? You'll be better off, I say?"
Lycoris: "See. Your proud twin daggers are this easily blocked by me who became a vampire. It is obvious who is more capable, I say! So..."
Lycoris: "Let's become a vampire, Aoi♪"
Aoi: "What...what are you...?!"
Aoi: "I am a human! I will not become a vampire! I refuse to become a vampire's minion!'
Aoi: "I'm gonna get stronger. Becoming a vampire? Kiss my ass!!"
Lycoris: "Hmph♪ You've realized nothing, Aoi. I feel sorry for you♪ In that case, it is better for you to be killed by me here♪ You are stupid after all, as you refuse such a good offer, I say♪"
Shuma: "Aoi! Pull back for once! We'll regroup and..."
*As soon as I arrive just below the stage, without wasting time I climb to the top while calling out to Aoi.*
Aoi: "I'm not gonna get killed by you!"
*Crap. She's lost her cool and cannot hear my voice.*
Shuma: "Calm down!! It is our disadvantage to fight here and involve the audience..."
*At that moment...*
Shuma: "What...?"
*I turn my attention to the audience, and shudder at the extreme abnormality.*
Shuma: "What...? What does this mean..?"
*The audience who was screaming, crying and confused had run away as if it had been the end of the world until just a few minutes ago...*
*...but now they're all standing upright, looking dazed without a peep. And what's more, all the other people around are like that too.*
Shuma: "Wha...? Aoi! Leave it and pull out! It doesn't look right!!"
Lotus: "Hmm. This is...I see. The cause seems to be that one."
Shuma: "That...?"
Lycoris: "Shuma, you seem not to be so stupid! But it's too late, I say♪"
Aoi: "Eh...eh?! What, what do you mean?!"
*My yelling and Lycoris' tone finally makes Aoi notice the unusual nature of the surroundings.*
Aoi: "Lycoris!! What have you done?!"
Lycoris: "Hehehe♪ I've done nothing♪ Me, noooo♪"
Shuma: "That means...?!"
Lotus: "It seems the monster has been absorbing life force from the audience."
Shuma: "Ugh! Right...that's why I felt something was wrong!"
*She took the trouble to bring the monster, but now it's Lycoris who's responding to Aoi's attacks, and she's standing in front of the monster.*
*Usually it would be the opposite. Lycoris and the monster are both Iris' familiars, but Lycoris, who's been vampirized, should be using the monster as her shield.*
*I noticed something was wrong, but I couldn't stop their plan...!*
Shuma: "Aoi!! Anyway, pull back at once!!"
Aoi: "Ugh...! Alright!!"
*Hearing my voice, Aoi finally steps a short distance away from Lycoris.*
*What am I going to do? I don't know what the monster will do with this absorbed life force, but considering it has drained so many people, it's possible an outrageous attack will be thrown at us.*
*To begin with, it continues to absorb life force, so I don't even know whether it will be too late if I stop it now.*
*Attack the monster? Or should I free the audience first? Is it right to chase Lycoris and the monster away from here and fight where we are alone?*
Shuma: "What am I supposed to do...?"
Lotus: "As we do not know the monster's character, it is best not to rush in blindly. Now, all we can do is to eliminate things in their anticipated order."
*In that case, anticipating the monster hasn't collected enough life force to show it's abilities, should we get the audience out of here somehow or chase Lycoris and the monster away...?*
Mari: "What is going on here?! Oh, Lycoris-san is here?!"
Calen: "As I thought, it's noisy outside. I see Lycoris-san has been romping around here. I did not notice as I was preoccupied with consoling Sakurako-san and Kaede-san."
Sakurako: "Eh? What?! Why is everyone standing, like, dazed?!"
Shuma: "Mari! Calen!"
Kaede: "Eh, eh...? Big Brother...?"
*They came out of a clothing shop just in time. Alright, I'll do both!*
Shuma: "Will you evacuate with all of these people?!"
Mari: "Woof?! With humans? If it is your order, I will do it, but what is happening?"
Shuma: "I'll explain it later! Calen, please!!"
Calen: "Well. Then, is it alright that I shall leave Lycoris-san to you? Anyway, it is a fight during the daytime, so I will not be of any use."
Shuma: "Oh, please!!"
Calen: "Understood. I feel rather unwilling to defend humans, and my strength fails me in the daytime. But above all, it is a request from Shuma-san. Mari-san, we shall evacuate everyone!"
Mari: "Woof! Understood, Lady Calen!"
Calen: "Sakurako-san, please escape before us with Kaede-san!"
Sakurako: "Wha-wha-wha-what...? I-I don't understand very well..."
Kaede: "Let's escape! We may be getting in their way!"
Shuma: "Aoi!"
Aoi: "For the time being, we can leave the evacuation of the audience to them, right?"
Shuma: "We're gonna pull Lycoris and the monster away from here!"
Aoi: "Alright!"
*Avoid exposing the audience to danger. Prevent the monster from absorbing any more of the audience's life force. Aoi instantly understands both points to my strategy, nods and gets her twin daggers ready again.*
Shuma: "Come! Deesse Morte!!"
*At the same time, I call upon Deesse Morte and get ready.*
Lycoris: "Haha!! Victory goes to the one who makes the first move!!"
Aoi: "I won't let you!!"
Lycoris: "Do you think you can defeat me with such a pitiful attack, I say!"
Aoi: "Certainly so! But I cannot rely on the Rubina's weapons at all and the weapon from the Lord was broken into pieces! But!"
Shuma: "Setting you aside, how about that monster?!"
*I catch the moment Lycoris cannot move as she blocks Aoi's twin daggers. I bring down Deesse Morte onto the monster!*
Lycoris: "What?! Damn!!"
Aoi: "Eep?!"
*???: "Kii?!"*
Shuma: "Waaaaagh!!"
Lycoris: "I won't let you, I say!"
Shuma: "Tsk...just as I thought. That you came to help it in such a hurry means that this monster is not for fighting, is it?"
*Even though Lycoris repelled Deesse Morte's attack, while she desperately fights Aoi and rushes toward me just as we planned, I crack a smile.*
Lycoris: "What?! It's not particularly like that?"
Lycoris: "This Aphid is super strong and so ridiculously skilled that I'm no match for it. Hoohoophew♪"
Aoi: "You can't whistle."
*In any case, I see it's weakness. All we need to do is work together.*
Shuma: "Alright, Aoi! First we have to chase them away from here!!"
*Nevertheless, it's not strange to think it might still be hiding something. I know that Lycoris is stupid, but I cannot relax yet. Because Iris is behind her.*
Aoi: "I know that! Lycorisssssssss!!"
Lycoris: "How come you're acting like dumb-asses? I can easily deal with two half-wits all by myself, I say!"
Shuma: "Waaaagh!!"
Lycoris: "Ha! Such a stupidly big sword will never hit me, I say!!"
Aoi: "But if you keep avoiding it, you won't be able to protect the monster!!"
Aphid: "Kikii?!"
Lycoris: "I won't let you, I say!!"
Shuma: "This time it's my turn!!"
*I create a chance and I assault Aphid with my sword!*
Lycoris: "Whoa?! It's so busy, I say!"
Lycoris: "Damn it! Ganging up on the weak! Why can't you be a good sport, I say!"
Lycoris: "If your opponent is injured, there is justice in kicking the ball out of the field, isn't there?!"
Aoi: "Our Lord said to us! Might is right!!"
Shuma: "I think it is wrong in many ways...but this is not the right thing to say for someone who has been stealing life force from ordinary people!"
Aphid: "Kikiii!"
Lycoris: "Ugh! I understand! I'm sick and tired of fighting on this small stage. Who decided to fight here?! It's so difficult to fight, I say!"
Aoi: "You did, you idiot!!"
Lycoris: "Aphid! Get out of here! You keep getting in the way when I'm trying to fight, I say!"
Aphid: "Kii..."
*Oh, it's feeling sad.*
Lycoris: "If you have a complaint, say it after you become useful! Run away! I say!!"
Aphid: "Kii!!"
*Just as I planned, we succeeded in chasing them away from here. After this, we only need to defeat Lycoris!*
Calen: "Shuma-san! Please take care!!"
*Calen who is almost done evacuating the people calls out to me.*
Shuma: "Sorry to ask but I'll leave them to you until the end!"
*I'm sure Calen understands that she must evacuate every one of the people here. But just in case, I mention it again, then return my eyes to Lycoris, seeing her back as she flies away.*
Shuma: "Okay! We'll go after them, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Of course! I won't let them get away!!"
Lycoris: "In here, well...I can manage somehow. So Aphid, aren't you done yet?"
Aphid: "Kiii!"
Aoi: "What's not done yet? It's about time we knew what you're up to!"
*In the empty park, Lycoris and the monster stop running away and face us.*
Shuma: "There are no people the monster can absorb life force from..."
*We are lucky or maybe, people fled after hearing the loud noises from the shopping street. It's easier to fight here with no one around...*
Shuma: "...but does it still have something else?"
*I am worried about Lycoris' words. She seems to be waiting for something...*
Lycoris: "Who's gonna stupidly reveal a secret plan?! Aphid, do it quick. Until then, I'll deal with these two!"
Shuma: "The monster has been doing something as I thought!"
*It seems taking the monster away from the audience has not stopped Lycoris' plan. But now that we don't need to worry about the audience, we can move freely.*
Aoi: "Then, I'm gonna defeat the monster first!!"
*Before I can, Aoi makes a move!*
Lycoris: "I won't let you, I say!!"
Aoi: "Tsk... Shuma!"
Shuma: "I know! Waaaaagh!!"
*Our strategy is the same as before! While Lycoris deals with Aoi or me, the other will defeat the monster!*
Lycoris: "Who do you think I am, I say?!"
Shuma: "*Groan*...!"
Lycoris: "Humph! The same pattern again! I've seen through your plan. It's easier for me to deal with you weaklings in this big open space♪"
*Certainly we are in a bigger space now than before, and the monster is not close. There's no possibility she'll lose her footing here, Lycoris' moves are light.*
Shuma: "Then, I'm gonna defeat you first! Aoi, let's go!!"
*Change of strategies! Beat Lycoris first! If she moves fast, we will attack together so that she cannot!*
Aoi: "Don't order me, vampire!"
Lycoris: "Whoa?! I haven't fought the two of you together at the same time! Cowards, I say!"
Aoi: "I don't wanna be called a coward by you! You, traitor!"
Lycoris: "I don't know what you are talking about!"
Shuma: "Aoi! Leave it, we're gonna press on!"
Aoi: "I know that! Deyaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk!"
Shuma: "Deeeeey!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh..."
Shuma: "Not yet!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk...!"
Shuma: "Ah...!"
*I throw down Deesse Morte in a move Aoi taught me, but Lycoris avoids my second attack easily and keeps back.*
Shuma: "Shit...it's not going so easily..."
*Even if I use the method of handling a big sword that Aoi taught me... No, if I had practiced more, I should be able to corner Lycoris...!*
Lotus: "No, I think it's helping substantially."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*I unintentionally react to the sudden voice from the ring.*
Lotus: "Even though it was after Aoi's attack, you made Lycoris block your attack and the second time, she had to evade your strike."
Shuma: "But she avoided me, that means I cannot dominate her..."
Lotus: "Do you not think it was ideal to receive it and counter-attack? She had to jump away. In short, you wouldn't let Lycoris do what she wanted."
Shuma: "Right...!"
Lotus: "The weight of Deesse Morte must be working well. Actually, if Lycoris had received that second strike standing where she was, you could have blown her away."
*That means we have an advantage!*
Shuma: "Good! Then, we're gonna continue to press on...!"
Lotus: "But, soon..."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*Dad's words give me a chill up my spine. And that bad premonition is about to be realized right before my eyes.*
Lycoris: "Good grief. It is far from good, but that huge sword is a little troublesome. So we will proceed as we first intended! Aphid! You're all ready now, aren't you?!"
Aphid: "Kii, kiiiiii!!!"
Shuma: "?!"
*In the moment Lycoris screams, the monster emits a squeal as if it's responding to her.*
Aoi: "What?! What's going to happen?!"
Aphid: "Kiikii, kiiiii!!!!"
Shuma: "...!!"
*And we hear it raising a squeal once more, then...at the tip of its elongated ass...*
Aoi: "...A-apple?"
*A red fruit-like thing has been created...or has come out? Which?*
Shuma: "Well, it doesn't matter which...but what's that?"
Lycoris: "Really, you made me wait too long! Once you suck up life force, pop them out quickly!"
Aphid: "Kii?! Ki, kiii..."
Shuma: "...It's like seeing a subordinate working under a no-good boss. I pity the creature..."
Aoi: "It was asking for it, working under someone like Lycoris!!"
*Well, that is true but...she is relentless.*
Lycoris: "Oh well. Give me the fruit now, I say!"
Aphid: "Kiii."
*Lycoris plucks the red fruit-like thing off the Aphid's ass.*
Lycoris: "Hehehe. Now. Here comes my true intention! Aphid, you can go now. You'll be useless after this."
Aphid: "Kii..."
*For some reason I feel sorry for it, hearing that it'll be useless in battle.*
Aoi: "I won't let you escape! I'll eliminate all vampires and their familiars!"
Lycoris: "Hahaha. You can be aggressive for now, but I won't let you do what you want!"
*As she says this, Lycoris slowly brings the red fruit to her mouth...*
Shuma: "W-wait a second! Aren't you gonna wash it?! It came out of the monster's ass... It's more understandable if it were something like an egg, but it could be poop...!"
Lycoris: "Don't say poop! This is a super ripe fruit in which stolen human life force is concentrated! In short, what's going to happen if one eats it...you'll learn that with your own bodies, I say! *Bite*!!"
Shuma: "What?! A fruit of life force?! If you eat that kind of thing..."
Aoi: "I won't let you!!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
Aoi: "Brace yourself!!"
Lycoris: "!!!!"
Aoi: "Eek?!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
*Lycoris has done nothing, but her vigor alone blows Aoi away.*
Aoi: "Ugh...what's happening...?"
*I check Aoi who manages to take a defensive position and stand up. Then I look over at Lycoris and see...*
Lycoris: "..."
Shuma: "H-hey...Lycoris...?"
Aoi: "W-what is this anyway...?"
*Lycoris simply stands there. However, she has an unapproachable atmosphere around her. As if the air surrounding her became heavy...*
Lycoris: "...Hehe."
Shuma: "...!"
Aoi: "Argh!!"
*The slightest movement from Lycoris instinctively puts us on guard.*
Lycoris: "Hehehe...hehehehehehe...!"
Lycoris: "Haaaaaah, hahahahaha!!! Squaaaaaaash youuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!"
Shuma: "...Squash? But no matter how I look at it, it looks like an apple to me."
Lycoris: "Ripe, riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiipe!!!!!"
Aoi: "That's a lot of ripe...I wonder."
Lycoris: "Thaaaat kind of joke finishes here, I say! Amazing, Aphid! I praise you...only a little!"
Lycoris: "This boiling up life force! Right now I feel I am able to fly in the sky, no, squash and kill anybody! I can even fucking kill Master Pumila, I say!"
*That's a really bold and rebellious thing to say.*
Shuma: "Damn...it doesn't look like a joke...entirely!"
Lotus: "Right. I cannot believe her power is up this much. That fruit really seems to be made from concentrated life force."
*She is just standing, but gives out such an intimidating air. The effect of that fruit seems to be considerable.*
Aoi: "Good heavens. It has become troublesome...but we must do it...!"
Shuma: "Yeah, she finally showed up, and like this!"
*Nightly searches which seemed to be useless. Training I went through following Aoi's instructions.*
*And Aoi's wish to take Lycoris back to her side. I cannot waste any of it.*
*I am being surrounded by this intense air from Lycoris that stings the skin like electric shocks.*
Shuma: "Let's go, Aoi!!"
Aoi: "You, too, don't slow me down!!"
*We run toward Lycoris at the same time!*
Lycoris: "This! This is the true power of vampires! I will teach you a lesson, I say!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Aoi: "Ugh!!"
*Both of us ready our bodies and instinctively brace ourselves with our weapons as shields. Lycoris charges right at us...*
Lycoris: "Hahahahaha!!!!"
Shuma: "*Argh*...!"
Aoi: "Hurrrrrts!!"
Shuma: "...!"
*Fast. And more than anything else, heavy.*
Aoi: "Damn...seriously? She looks so stupid, but..."
*Before crossing swords, I felt she had become stronger from the atmosphere alone, but once we did, she showed off her power beyond my imagination...and her action after that really surprised me.*
Shuma: "I understand you can't believe it, but a fact is a fact. We must do something about it, Aoi."
Aoi: "You don't need to tell me, but..."
Lycoris: "What are you grumbling about?! Be the fungus on my scythe after I kill you, I say!"
Shuma: "That is rust not fungus, whoa?!"
Lycoris: "What's wrong, I say?! If you keep running away, you won't be able to defeat me. Ah, hahahahaha. *Cough cough*."
Shuma: "The only consolation is that she's still stupid..."
*Even if I deduct the stupidity from her, she is too strong. We are no match for her newly acquired strength.*
Aoi: "Hey! Don't you have something?! We can't even get close!"
Shuma: "Don't say that to me! You should think, too!"
*As we have separated while escaping from Lycoris' attack, I shout back at Aoi.*
Aoi: "Anyway, if we don't attack separately, we'll be killed at the same time..."
Lycoris: "Hehehe♪ Funny you should mention that. I have enough room if you attack me one by one! So I can finish you one by one, too!"
Aoi: "What?!"
Aoi: "Ugh!"
Shuma: "Damn..."
*As Aoi said, I'll have to come up with something. We can withstand her attack for a little while, but soon she will destroy us.*
Shuma: "Any good plan...?"
Aoi: "Damn you!!"
Lycoris: "What's that? So easy, I say♪ Deyaah!"
Aoi: "Eek!!"
Lycoris: "Uhha! Out of this world! Aoi is cornered so easily?! This! Vampire! This is! Real me! It was worthwhile to quit being a human, I say!"
Shuma: "Shit! What am I supposed to do?! Anyway, I've gotta cut in to help Aoi...!"
Lotus: "So, what are you going to do next?"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*I have nothing to say to Dad's voice coming from my chest.*
*If I go in between Aoi and Lycoris, what can I do anyway? Lycoris' powerful attack would blow us both away. We would be in further trouble.*
*But then, what should I do...? Think, Shuma...!*
Shuma: "...Oh."
*Well...maybe.*
Shuma: "Dad. That apple-like stuff is...a mass of life force, isn't it?"
Lotus: "Huh? Yeah, it is so. Possibly. Lycoris had a power-up after eating it, so I believe it is correct to think that the monster's ability was to refine life force, it had sucked from humans, into an easily absorbed form."
Shuma: "That means...if I eat that, will my power increase too?"
Lotus: "Well. She is a vampire's familiar. I don't think it is possible that it can only increase Lady Pumila's familiars' powers..."
*Then, I must bet on it.*
Lotus: "Hmm. I see. You're making a good point. But how will you steal it from her? If anyone can absorb life force from it, then Lycoris will protect it well."
Shuma: "I know that. But that's the only way..."
*That's the only way to break through the current situation.*
Lotus: "Well, why not try it. A young man must try everything."
*What an easy-going remark... In any case, if I don't try, Aoi and I will be done.*
Aoi: "Damn, youuuu!"
Lycoris: "Haha. What is this attack? Are you playing, I say?"
Aoi: "Shut up! Deyaaah!!"
Lycoris: "The difference between our strength is so great now that somehow I feel I'm bullying the weak. As far as I'm concerned, it's very fun, so I don't care♪"
Lycoris: "Shuma, have you lost your will to fight? I've been waiting for you to attack for quite a while. You'd better not tremble and piss your pants, right! I'll make sure to kill you later, I say♪"
Shuma: "Shoot..."
*Find a chance. She keeps saying stupid things, but she doesn't give me an opening. But if I can't find a chance, I might be pushed back by her strong power.*
*And once she puts her guard up, a winning opportunity will never come again.*
Lycoris: "Then, before that, I'm gonna kill you Aoi as an appetizer, I say!"
Aoi: "Ugh...I cannot be beaten by you now."
Lycoris: "I don't care about your convenience. Now, brace yourself!"
*Lycoris, who beats Aoi down with an ominously increased power, stands in front of her and slowly raises her scythe.*
Shuma: "!!"
*She's gonna make a major move! A big chance should come!*
Lycoris: "If you had become a vampire and joined our side quickly, you would not have been killed in a place like this. At least, I will let you die without suffering, I say! Death Gale!!"
Aoi: "...!!"
Lycoris: "Die!!"
Shuma: "Now!!"
Lycoris: "What?! Why?! Shuma, you were supposed to be standing in a daze?!"
*She seems to have really thought so. Lycoris gets flustered more than I predicted. I'm really glad her head wasn't strengthened along with her body!*
Lycoris: "Still, I won't be done so easily! I will repel that stupidly big sword!"
Shuma: "Waaagh!!"
*With a yell, I clutch Deesse Morte, and as a response, Lycoris gets her big scythe set to receive my attack.*
Shuma: "As I planned!"
Lycoris: "Huh?!"
Shuma: "My aim is this!!"
*While holding Deesse Morte over my head, I dash into Lycoris with all my body, without bringing the sword down...*
Lycoris: "Aaaah?!"
Shuma: "Good! I got it!!"
Lycoris: "What the―?! I can't believe he stole it!"
Aoi: "I see, that was your plan. No wonder...you didn't come to help me."
Shuma: "Sorry about that. I was looking for a chance, though."
*After stealing the red fruit in Lycoris' hand, I keep the momentum and run over to Aoi. At the same time, Aoi stands up next to me while Lycoris appears to be shocked.*
Lycoris: "What the heck, I say! I can't believe it was stolen. Shuma will increase his power."
*At the same time, Lycoris whose red fruit was stolen looks panicked and is taking a weird pose for some reason.*
Shuma: "Is she...panicking...?"
*Her strange movement looks awkward...*
Aoi: "Because she is stupid, she probably doesn't know what to do."
Shuma: "I see."
Lycoris: "Ah! They are making fun of me! But the red fruit was stolen. I am a fool. Awawaww."
*Either way, Lycoris' hysterical face proves that we're now in a far more advantageous position.*
Aoi: "Then, eat it now and increase your power. We're gonna teach her a lesson."
*This is life force that was stolen from the audience at the shopping plaza. It's not that I don't feel resistant to the idea. But right now, I can't think of any other way to cope with Lycoris.*
Shuma: "I know!"
Lycoris: "Aaaah. I will be kissed indirectly. Shuma is a pervert who gets sexually excited by licking the mouthpiece of his favorite girl's recorder, I say!"
Shuma: "No! Shut up!"
*Whether she is losing her cool or confused, I shake off her gibberish and bite into the red fruit!*
Shuma: "?!?!"
Aoi: "Shuma...?"
*What's this...? From the red fruit, it violently flows in...no, it pours into me!*
Shuma: "Ghohhhhh?!"
Aoi: "Shuma?! What, what's wrong?!"
Shuma: "Ghaaaaaaah...!!"
*I can feel life force raging inside my body as it streams in. My vision becomes distorted. It's being dyed red. Inside, something is being poured into me along with life force and it's trying to break through my body...!*
Lycoris: "Oh, no. You ate it. Hehehe. How stupid, I say!"
Aoi: "Lycoris! What did you do?!"
Lycoris: "Nothing particularly. It's Shuma who took the fruit of life force away and ate it. It's not poisonous, either. Because I ate it first♪"
Lycoris: "However, for an incomplete vampire who hasn't awakened yet, its stimulation may be too strong. So much that he might awaken and instantly start preying on anyone near him!"
Aoi: "What...! This is your intention!"
Lycoris: "I don't know what you're talking about. This is what Master Pumila said."
*Right...that's why she had that strange reaction when I stole it from her...*
Shuma: "Gaaaah!! Goooooh...!!"
Aoi: "Shuma! Damn you...Lycorissssss!!"
Lycoris: "Hahaha! You know you are no match for me but keep charging. You are the stupid one, Aoi♪"
Lycoris: "Still, as long as Shuma looks like that, all you can do is keep charging at me!"
Aoi: "Damn you!!"
Aoi: "Waaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Easy, easy♪ You can't scare me with any of those attacks! But I was told to watch Shuma by Master Pumila, so I don't mind playing with you a little, I say♪"
Aoi: "Cut it out!!"
Shuma: "Gah, argh..."
*No good. Lycoris' power hasn't diminished at all and on top of that, she is calm now and easily parries Aoi's attacks.*
*Moreover, I...*
Shuma: "Gaaaaah..."
*I'm in a serious state, too. If it continues, I may not know who I am anymore. I bear the pain running throughout my body and fight the urge that something is about to scream up. I cannot move even a finger.*
Lotus: "I see. Life force within that red fruit seems to be intense."
*Damn... Don't be stupid like that. Let's find a way to deal with this together...*
Lotus: "...Nevertheless. This is not exactly what I wished for. Shuma, do you understand your predicament?"
Shuma: "Gggg...j-just inside my body, something is...raging around and I feel like I'm going crazy..."
*In this state I cannot relax even when I breathe. I manage to answer that much.*
Lotus: "Alright. Your body seems to understand the condition as it should. Then, it is easy to solve. For the time being, try to recover with your own power so you can move, even if only a little."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*I clench my jaw and suppress the feeling that I must help Aoi quickly while resisting the raging battle in my body.*
*Normally, I would have argued with Dad, but I am desperately trying to bear this thing that started going berserk as soon as that life force was poured in.*
*I simply shrink my body, crouch and keep waiting for the waves to go away.*
Aoi: "Deyaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Hahaha! It feels good that I can treat you like a child, Aoi! Here, here, Aoi-chan, this way, I say!"
Aoi: "Damn! Damn you!!"
Lycoris: "Now, now♪ If you don't entertain me, I'll finish you quickly, kill Shuma and crush all the people gathered there just now, I say!"
Aoi: "That kind of thing...I won't let you!!"
Lycoris: "Ahhahaha! I feel wonderful! I'm loving it and will kill you horribly later! I cannot wait, I say!"
Shuma: "*Cough*... Argh...!"
*While Aoi is fighting desperately, somehow the waves start to gradually die down. As oily sweat gushes out, I raise my leg and slowly lift up my body.*
*Still, I feel raging life force could blow out from every place in my body, and break me into pieces if I relax.*
Lotus: "Good. You have recovered enough to stand up. Then, next."
*I'm shaky but manage to stand up and wait for the next words from Dad.*
*I don't know what I can do with my body like this, but if I do nothing, it will end right here. I've gotta do something.*
Shuma: "Ugh...damn...!!"
*Using Deesse Morte as a cane, I manage to keep my footing. I stand up by sheer force of will. Whatever I do, all I have is force of will. Stay strong.*
Lotus: "Listen to me carefully, Shuma. Right now you've had life force poured into your body beyond its capacity. The amount is so great that it would crack open a normal human being."
Lotus: "Lycoris was probably able to increase her power without any problems because she is a vampire. However, you have not awakened as a progenitor."
Lotus: "If you had, you would have increased your power as she did, I suppose."
Lotus: "But regardless, at this point your body has started coordinating with itself to deal with life force that's too much for you to handle. It means your body is trying to awaken as a progenitor on it's own."
Shuma: "What...? Ugh..."
*That is not good. If that happens, I...*
Shuma: "What's going to happen...to me...?"
Lotus: "You will be forced to awaken against your will, so worst case scenario, your consciousness will be blown away."
Shuma: "Then...ugh, *pant pant*...h-how can I stop it...?"
Lotus: "It is easy. Release the life force."
*Release...life force?*
Lotus: "Of course, it is impossible for you and even me to release life force into the air. But Shuma, you have it, don't you? The method to release your life force."
Shuma: "Oh...injecting life force."
Lotus: "Exactly. Right now, try to inject some of your life force into Aoi."
Shuma: "B-but..."
*Aoi will certainly resist it. Having filthy vampire life force injected...*
Lotus: "There is no other way. Aoi will receive a power-up from the life force you inject, and you will be able to move. On top of that, because of the fruit's life force, you will get a power-up too."
Lotus: "I don't think there is a better strategy than this."
Shuma: "Gh...! Ugh...!"
*That is certainly true. And more than that, I have to withstand this somehow, because it is possible that I may lose my ability to reason due to this life force rampaging through my body, and attack Aoi...*
Shuma: "A-alright...ugh..."
*Depending on Deesse Morte as a cane, I approach Aoi step by step.*
Lycoris: "Well? Shuma, you are able to stand up. But you are moving like a grandpa♪"
Lycoris: "I don't know what Master Pumila's objective is, but it seems I can easily kill Shuma, now, I say♪"
Lycoris: "Let me see...let's taste a little! If tasting kills him, probably Master Pumila would think it is unavoidable and forgive me, I say!"
Shuma: "...!!"
*Shoot. What she is saying is totally stupid. She looks at my state and attacks immediately!*
Aoi: "I won't let you!!"
Shuma: "Aoi?!"
Lycoris: "Don't get in my way, I say! I will play with you plenty, later!!"
Aoi: "Eek!!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
*In order to catch Aoi who's just been blown away, I drop Deesse Morte and run toward her with all my strength...*
Aoi: "Argh?!"
Shuma: "Ugh...Aoi, are you okay...?"
*Somehow, I manage to catch Aoi, but I cannot bear the full impact and we fall to the ground together.*
Aoi: "Y-you look so completely exhausted... Weren't you supposed to have your power increased...?"
Shuma: "S-sorry...?!"
*In the moment I apologize, I realize right before my eyes I have the nape of Aoi, who is in my arms.*
Lotus: "A great chance. Now, inject the life force."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Hey, Shuma? What's wrong! It's not the time to be in a daze!"
Lycoris: "Oh, no...why are you getting in the way? I was so into it, but you spoiled it... I've had enough. I will kill the both of you, together."
Aoi: "Shuma?! Hey, just let me go, otherwise both of us will...!"
*What will be, will be!*
Shuma: "Sorry, Aoi! I will apologize to you properly later!!"
Aoi: "What are you saying, aaah?!"
*Red iron scent flows into my mouth.*
Aoi: "Hey...w-what are you doi...? Aaahmm!"
*I don't care about her objections and suck up her blood. At the same time, I pour the life force into Aoi.*
*I haven't been conscious up to now, but I can clearly feel that the life force filling my body is streaming into Aoi's through my fangs.*
Aoi: "Haaaaahmmm! No, stop, heeyaahmmm!"
*I hold down her convulsing body as if I'm embracing her, while I suck her blood and pour in the life force.*
*Gradually, the life force which was about to overflow from all over my body is being released and I feel lighter.*
Aoi: "Nooo...don't pour so much. Hooaaahmm!"
Lycoris: "...What the heck are you doing? Making out so much in front of me. Do you want to get killed that much, I say?"
*When I notice her, Lycoris is standing still all by herself and just looking at us.*
Lycoris: "What is this, boiling rage...? Is this all the happy people out there, exploding, I say?!"
*Well, it's wrong, but I feel it's not totally wrong.*
Lotus: "If she were a little more loli-like, I would keep her company."
*Pretty relaxed, both Dad and Lycoris.*
Lotus: "Oh. I understand Aoi's blood is delicious, but if you do not stop, you will end up sucking back the life force you have injected."
*So I was told from my chest. I remove my mouth from her nape with a partially clear head.*
Aoi: "Hyaumm! Haa, haa, aahhh... So much was poured in...mmmkooo...!"
Shuma: "...Sorry, Aoi. This was the only way. But..."
*I lift up Aoi's collapsed, powerless body and stand up.*
*Shuma*
*I was able to release life force to some extent. And my power is..."*
*I clench my right fist, then put so much strength into it that it makes a crackling sound. Surely after releasing that extra life force, the pure effect of a power-up has come to the surface.*
Shuma: "Aoi, I'll grovel in front of you or do anything you want later. But right now, we must deal with Lycoris."
Aoi: "Haa, haa, hawmm... I-I know that...j-just I was surprised because it was so sudden, but it was really nothing, just life force injected into me..."
*After being unsteady for a short time, Aoi moves as if to shake off my hands and stands upright.*
Aoi: "Irritating...I would flatly refuse vampire's life force...but!"
*Aoi glares sharply at Lycoris.*
Aoi: "Against my will, I feel my power welling up...! Lycoris! Prepare yourself!"
Shuma: "...Come, Deesse Morte!"
Lycoris: "What's this, what the heck is this anyway?! A power-up from the power of love? Such bullshit! Bullshit, I say!!"
Aoi: "Whoa?! Who-who-whose power of love?! It's nothing like that!!"
Lycoris: "I'm not listening to your opinion, Aoi. All the happy people say the same thing! So, I'm gonna seriously kill you both here! I'm gonna do it, I say!!!"
Shuma: "Here she comes!!"
Aoi: "I know even if you don't tell me! Don't slow me down this time! A-and, and! It was definitely not some power of love thing!!"
*She ardently denies it. Well, I wouldn't know what to do if she affirmed it.*
Lycoris: "Don't flirt, you happy people!!"
Shuma: "Waaagh!!"
Aoi: "Lycorissssss!!"
Lycoris: "Get over yourself, I say!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh...?!"
Aoi: "Lycoris' attack feels light...! I can do it!!"
Shuma: "Me, too! Keep attacking her in full swing!"
*After recognizing that each of us has had a power-up due to the life force injection, we nod at each other and charge at Lycoris!*
Lycoris: "Is it alright you've had a power-up so easily?! This is not a cheap animation?!"
Shuma: "Shut up! You had your power-up in a quick way too! And besides, we didn't just power up so casually!!"
Aoi: "Give up and surrender, Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "Wait, no, wait, ugh?!"
Lycoris: "You are cowards to attack me at the same time!!"
Aoi: "There's no cowardly shit going on against you!!"
Lycoris: "A girl shouldn't say 'shit'. How shameless, I say!"
Aoi: "I don't need to hear that from you!!"
Shuma: "Good, you're on the offensive! Me, too...deyaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Now that things have come to this!"
Shuma: "?!"
*Lycoris avoids a loudly delivered attack from Deesse Morte, with fancy footwork...*
Lycoris: "I'm gonna kill you first, Shuma! I don't care about Master Pumila's orders! You lay yourself open to attack so much after attacking with that big thing!!"
Shuma: "Ugh...!!"
Aoi: "Shuma!!"
*Make it in time...!*
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
Aoi: "I did it!"
Lycoris: "What?! How come you were able to block it?! You used the sword in a strange way!"
Shuma: "Don't say 'strange'... It is my own technique."
*Instead of forcibly pulling back Deesse Morte which fails to catch Lycoris and continues its swing, I make it wrap around my body, lead it to the front again and use it to block my opponent's attack.*
*The sword technique Aoi taught me, helps me solidly block Lycoris' attack.*
Aoi: "There's my opening!!"
Lycoris: "Wait?! Waaaah?!"
Lycoris: "I-it was so close...!"
Aoi: "Shoot. It was really close..."
Shuma: "But we can fight sufficiently, no, we can win."
Aoi: "We can win. We're going to win! Finally today!"
Shuma: "Right!"
Lycoris: "Nooo! I'm super stressed out! Damn Master Pumila, you predicted this would happen, didn't you? If so, I'm gonna fucking kill you, I say!!"
Lycoris: "However...certainly under this condition, two to one is pretty unfavorable. Of course I won't lose, but I will have a hard time, it seems. So..."
Shuma: "...? Aoi, watch out."
*Her strange comment and her bearing, which for some reason has lost its fighting stance, gives me cause for caution.*
Aoi: "I know..."
Lycoris: "Humph. It's good to be cautious. But aren't you forgetting something? Is it really two to one, right now, I say?"
Shuma: "What...it can't be?!"
Lycoris: "Poor monster, it was forgotten completely! But now is your time to appeal your presence! Aphid! Explode the happy people, literally!!"
Shuma: "Damn! Aoi! That monster!"
*Does 'explode' mean it still has that collected life force somewhere inside its body and will use it to explode itself?!*
Aoi: "Where?! I've completely forgotten about it!"
*We look around in a hurry. However...*
Shuma: "W-where...?"
*I look all around the park but I cannot see any similar shapes.*
Aoi: "I-I can't find it..."
*I don't even feel its presence.*
Lycoris: "Haaahahahahaha!!"
Shuma: "Lycoris?!"
Aoi: "Oh! Don't run away, Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "I let Aphid escape a long time ago! You were completely fooled, stupid! You kept making fun of me but you are the stupid ones, I say!"
Aoi: "Arrrggh! Lycorissssss!!"
*Ugh...totally irritating. I didn't think it would be so tough to be made fun of by an idiot...*
Lycoris: "Stupid dogs' yelping makes me feel good! Well, it seems I've accomplished the goal, so I will let you go for today♪"
Aoi: "Aah! I'm telling you not to run away!!"
Shuma: "...Chasing is impossible, I'm sure."
*At least we were lucky. No one came while we were having a big fight in the park. If we chase her now, we might involve innocent lives.*
Shuma: "And she didn't forget to collect the fruit."
*When I notice it, the red fruit I dropped and left on the ground is gone. Lycoris was clutching something red in her hand during her escape. She seems to have picked it up when she had a chance.*
Aoi: "No...it was so clear..."
Shuma: "Whatever it was...I'm tired..."
*Instantly I feel drained. It seems that was the most serious situation that I've been in. Lycoris', no, Iris' goal seems to have been achieved too. Just what did she mean by "watch" me...?*
Aoi: "*Sigh*... I am totally exhausted..."
*After Lycoris' withdrawal, we cool down and return to the shopping street to see what's going on.*
Aoi: "Oh, everything looks normal here."
*What welcomes us back is the scene of the event crew removing the temporary stage. The fever for the beauty contest has cooled down and people look listless but satisfied in some way.*
*Possibly, Calen tweaked their memories a little after evacuating them. I guess she judged the danger was over so the people could come back.*
*Along with the event crew, Sakurako and Kaede who also need their memories tweaked, are helping Calen and Mari with the removal.*
Calen: "Oh, I am exhausted. Mari-san, tomato juice, please."
Mari: "Thank you for your hard work, Lady Calen. Here."
Aoi: "*Sigh*...it's nice you all look less worried."
Mari: "Oh, thank you for your hard work. Aoi-san. Would you like a sports drink? The event staff gave us some as rewards for helping. Would you like one?
Aoi: "Well? Then, I will. Even though we didn't help them."
Shuma: "No, in a way, we worked the hardest..."
*Because we chased away the ones who came to destroy the shopping street event, risking our own lives...*
Calen: "In any case, thank you for your hard work, you two."
Shuma: "I thank you two for taking many measures on your own."
*Even so, Lycoris withdrew so easily as soon as she was put in a tight spot, even though she came with the monster and had a plan. Was her goal...to force me to awaken as a progenitor?*
*I certainly feel that I played into her hand... Something doesn't feel right. I still feel I'm dancing on her palm... It's just my imagination...I hope.*
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Glug, glug, ahhhh...Shuma? What's wrong?"
Shuma: "O-oh, nothing. Anyway, how about you, are you alright?"
Aoi: "Yeah, I'm fine. Just tired."
Kaede: "Oh, Big Brother!"
Sakurako: "Hey. Shuma and Aoi, why didn't you come? Our magnificent beauty contest performances, we did our very best."
Calen: "That was a beauty contest, am I correct?"
Mari: "It was like it was so detailed that you couldn't tell what's really going on. Like a TV show."
Kaede: "But, but we wanted you to see us because we did our best!"
Shuma: "Right. That's disappointing. I wish I could have seen you."
*Rather, I feel slightly relieved that thanks to Lycoris, they couldn't actually perform the tricks. They only think they did, because of Calen's memory manipulation.*
Calen: "Well, it is about time for us to attend what is called uchiage (closing party). We shall do karaoke♪"
Shuma: "Karaoke? Oh, okay, let's go."
Sakurako: "Shuma, you didn't come to see us, so you have no right to join."
Kaede: "Sakurako-san, you can't be so mean. Big Brother and Aoi-san, won't you come with us?"
Aoi: "Eh? Me? N-no, I'm tired..."
Shuma: "I'm gonna pass too. But enjoy it, everyone."
Kaede: "I understand...it can't be helped if you are tired..."
Mari: "Now, now, let's go, Kaede-san. You can leave Master alone. He's Mr. 'Knock it before you try it'. He doesn't know the fun of karaoke♪"
Shuma: "I know about it..."
Calen: "Then, we shall go."
Kaede: "B-Big Brother! Let's go to karaoke together next time!"
Shuma: "Yeah, alright. Let's go next time."
Sakurako: "Aoi, too. Let's play together next time."
Aoi: "...Mm. Thanks."
*Feeling a touch of indecisiveness in the way today's battle finished, I go back home with Aoi.*
*Aoi says nothing and follows me. So I say nothing back as we walk toward the house.*
*It is obvious she has something to say to me. So do I.*
*I must apologize.*
Shuma: "...Aoi."
Aoi: "Inside the house."
Shuma: "Sorry for having bit you against your will."
Aoi: "...Meh."
*We already settled this. But I apologize to her for some reason.*
Aoi: "...I fell into the hands of vampires twice."
*She replies with these spiteful words.*
Aoi: "How's your body? Is it really okay now?"
Shuma: "Yeah, thanks to you, my body feels lighter. Like this, I don't think I'll have any problems."
Aoi: "If so, then, good. Thanks."
Shuma: "Yeah."
Aoi: "...Sorry."
Shuma: "Next..."
Aoi: "Eh?"
Shuma: "Next time, we'll make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen. We won't let her get away after we've cornered her like that."
Aoi: "...Yes."
Shuma: "This time, we cornered her pretty good. We'll be able to catch her next time for sure."
Aoi: "Mm. Thanks."
Aoi: "...You don't like to bite, either, after all."
Shuma: "...Naturally. Do you want to drink something?"
Aoi: "Oh, yes..."
*I walk to the refrigerator and ponder.*
*After actually doing it several times, I've sensed one thing.*
*That is for domination.*
*Originally, it is an ability to transform humans into vampires by sucking their blood and injecting the vampires' own life force. In short, it turns humans into familiars, and that is nothing more than domination.*
Shuma: "I wasn't able to dominate Aoi or other humans, though."
Lotus: "Well, talking about familiarization? Certainly you cannot familiarize anyone."
Shuma: "Dad."
Lotus: "You have not awakened yet. Also, you yourself do not wish for it, do you?"
Shuma: "That is true but..."
*However, I've realized I have this feeling that I will dominate others. I don't wish for it, but I can't help noticing the feeling.*
Lotus: "The action of giving your life force is certainly to create a familiar. But you are using it, not to familiarize others, but to give them a boost."
Shuma: "Yeah...but...in the end..."
*In the end, my instinct as a vampire was squirming and trying to dominate them. It didn't happen simply because my power was not enough.*
*In other words, giving life force to Aoi and boosting her...of course the purpose was to release that life force from me, but the real meaning is only that I failed to familiarize her...*
Lotus: "Hmm. You seem to be contemplating something difficult, but is it better not to think so deeply? I believe now is the time to think about how to use the method in front of you."
Shuma: "...Right."
*I'm grateful for his words, but my pent-up feelings won't go away.*
*That was the second time for Aoi. She is the one to be dominated and she realizes it more so now.*
*A human who has hunted monsters is now in the predicament where she must be taken prisoner by one. That must be so humiliating.*
*With this idea mixed in my thoughts, I cannot come up with a clear answer.*
*I take out a couple bottles of water from the refrigerator and return to Aoi.*
Aoi: "Thanks..."
*Aoi takes the bottle, but she doesn't drink from it and instead remains looking depressed.*
Shuma: "Also...I totally hesitated to bite you, I mean...it's like, I reluctantly did it after worrying. I know it's just an excuse, though."
*There is nothing to talk about, so I am forced to go back to the original topic.*
Aoi: "Huh...? Why?"
*She's definitely hearing me.*
Shuma: "...Because you are a human being and hunter. You are cautious and you look sharply at me, but it's for my own good. My frame of mind is different depending on if I get those stares from you or not."
Shuma: "Of course, that doesn't mean it's easy for me to bite other humans."
Aoi: "Well, that kind of thing is impossible for a werewolf and bat woman to do."
Shuma: "Yeah. But...I might have been spoiled by them. I stuck to maintaining my original state and I myself never tried to change."
Aoi: "...Okay. I'm kind of like you."
Aoi: "I failed to be calm. Without grasping my own ability, I just rushed in and didn't understand what was necessary to help Lycoris."
Shuma: "Yeah."
*It was easy to say that we were in an alliance. That result is this. We've been able to suppress the damage to a minimum, but it is our fault that other people have been dragged into this dangerous situation...*
Aoi: "I mean, you."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Aoi: "That time. You sucked my blood...and sent life force into me. Then, you became fine, right?"
Shuma: "I-I had no other option but to do it. I never imagined that red fruit would do that to me."
Aoi: "But, didn't you need to suck my blood? You could have just sent life force."
Shuma: "No, that is...well...just...I mean, I must bite when I send in life force and when I do, it's inevitable that blood comes into my mouth..."
Shuma: "In the first place, I've never tried to send in life force without sucking blood!"
Aoi: "But, you drank my blood and got better, didn't you? It was delicious, wasn't it?"
Shuma: "W-well of course, but really, why are you trying to make me say that?! I'm not sucking blood because I want to!"
Shuma: "This is a vampire's nature! I've been doing my best to resist it! Even though I cannot..."
Aoi: "Yes, yes. Alright, alright. I understand, so don't lose your head too much. You're gonna disillusion me."
Shuma: "*Sob* I'm not sucking because I want to... But once I taste blood, reason stops working...*sob*. Still I desperately try not to suck it all up..."
Aoi: "As I said. I'm telling you not to lose your head. You are my partner, so you've gotta be sharper."
Shuma: "What...?"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... After all, you are a vampire. If you don't suck blood, you don't have power and energy. And if you don't have enough, hunger exhausts your mind."
Shuma: "...Right, that's the truth. But I'm a human."
Aoi: "If you think like that, you are a vampire. I think it's true, especially now."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Aoi: "But...inside Shuma Kusanagi can certainly remain human..."
Shuma: "Eh? What do you mean?"
Aoi: "So I'm looking forward to continuing to work with you. Starting tomorrow, we'll go face-to-face and discuss fighting together."
Aoi: "So...I'm sorry, too. I didn't trust you fully before. I accept my fate and welcome your bite. Because it's one of our methods of fighting."
Aoi: "You and I are partners who must fight together."
Shuma: "...Mm. I understand."
Aoi: "Then, this is a kind of keeping things straight or like a suggestion... I-I will be in charge of your blood-sucking urge."
*――――.*
Shuma: "W-whoa?! What are you saying?! I mean, why are you talking about it anyway?"
Aoi: "I'm like this, but still a hunter. I've seen many guys who became vampires."
Aoi: "I know that is hard. And I will continue to be hard from now on."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "I cannot fight without your power. I'm weak, to be honest. But that means a complete loss of face for me. We are in an alliance, right?"
Shuma: "No, but see?! You're gonna have your blood sucked right? I suck your blood when I inject life force too, but that is slightly different in nature...!"
*What I mean is, simple blood sucking brings on mesmerization...which of course Aoi should know. So does this mean...?!*
Aoi: "I-I know that...I know it and still I'm saying I will be in charge of it."
Shuma: "No, no, see, just to suck blood, I have Mari..."
Aoi: "W-what... You're that reluctant to do it?"
Shuma: "Ugh."
Aoi: "A-and do you like, I mean, prefer werewolf blood to human? From olden times, it is said that vampires like the blood of young human girls..."
*I-is that so?*
Aoi: "A-and you see, I'm not good at reflecting, right? I may regret it once I cool down..."
Aoi: "But moreover, I cannot stand a relationship where only one side enjoys the benefits... More so as I've decided to trust you."
*Aoi's sudden offer puzzles me greatly, to be honest, but it's also true that I feel grateful for it.*
*And I cannot live with myself if I don't respond to Aoi's feelings, since she's suggested this much...*
*However, even though I think this, for some reason we both become quiet and keep staring at each other.*
*Aoi's commanding eyes, soft-looking cheeks. This feeling that my vision is filled with them...*
Shuma: "Whoa?! W-who? Yes, yes."
*I take out a phone in a hurry and push the answer button without checking the caller.*
Mari: "Master? How come you sound flustered?"
Shuma: "N-nothing particularly b-but what's up?"
Mari: "Is that so? It's somehow suspicious, but I don't think my sissy master can do anything bad."
*Terrible as usual. She is more merciless though, as she cannot see my face. First of all, I'm not trying to do anything bad.*
Mari: "By the way, Master, are you home already? We are still at the karaoke and thinking about having dinner out here together."
Shuma: "Oh...I-I see."
Mari: "Then. About Master's dinner. There are some ingredients in the refrigerator, please cook something suitable. Would you do this for me?"
Shuma: "Y-yeah..."
Mari: "Well, then I'm having so much fun that I'll excuse myself. Kaede-san! Next, let's sing togeth―"
Shuma: "What a good maid..."
*Normally a maid should have cooked something and left it for her master but not even that...*
Shuma: "Such being the case, tonight I'm going to cook, or we're going to eat gyudon."
Aoi: "Anything is fine with me."
Shuma: "But you're not going home yet?"
Aoi: "You know, I think I'm about to say something outrageous... I'm wondering what to do."
Shuma: "What's that? Is there anything more outrageous than being in charge of my blood-sucking urge?"
Aoi: "And, it's a similar thing...it's like an extension... Unless I take charge of that too, it'll be just half-way or just words..."
*Huh? I don't understand her very well.*
Aoi: "O-oh, are you a virgin...? N-no, you can't be, you already..."
Aoi: "W-well. Really, if we were lovers...r-right. Our sense of unity and teamwork would be perfect, wouldn't it? If that is the case, a vampire's power will be narrowly acceptable, s-so..."
*W-what is she trying to say...?*
Aoi: "D-don't you have sex...with that?"
*That is certainly outrageous. Because I don't understand what she means.*
Shuma: "Go home."
Aoi: "We're in the middle of talking!"
Shuma: "Are you serious?!"
Aoi: "I-it's not like I've fallen in love with you. But..."
Shuma: "You've fallen in love with me just because I protected you. The world is cheap."
Aoi: "I said that's not it! In the first place, that was settled because we were in the same boat!"
*After screaming, she pauses for a moment...*
Aoi: "...Tell me, are you actually confident in maintaining your human heart without being a slave to vampire powers?"
Shuma: "Confident. Not at all!"
Aoi: "Hey?!"
Shuma: "Provided I'm alone!!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "As I said before, if you keep an eye on me, I'll be alright. I won't lose sight of myself. Certainly. Probably. Maybe."
Aoi: "That sounds undependable."
Shuma: "O-of course, I'm going to change. The way things are now is the result of my having stuck to maintaining the status quo. But as for a specific method of changing, it's yet to be decided..."
Aoi: "Then, all the more. I will trust you. That's why...I'm saying this kind of thing."
Aoi: "As a mechanism, when a human is connected to a being like a vampire mentally and physically, something like a mutual passageway is created. Like when you bite to enhancer the other."
Aoi: "Normally, in that way you become a special existence among familiars, a mistress...but that kind of connection is just right for us now, isn't it?"
Shuma: "Eh...ah."
Aoi: "I gain power. You can control yourself by feeling I'm always near you. See, everything is good."
Shuma: "Logically, it may be so... But is it alright? That totally means you will become a familiar. I don't have this ability yet, but if you wish it, that might be possible..."
Aoi: "Normally so. But I don't mean to be a vampire or familiar, much less to be your mistress."
Shuma: "Well...is that possible? You'll be in charge of getting rid of my urge and, well...you'll have sex with me."
Aoi: "I can believe you, Shuma...will not turn me into a vampire or mistress..."
Shuma: "I'm glad you believe in me but...do you have a ground? Up to now, it has been okay because I'm only a half vampire..."
Aoi: "Don't worry. I believe that you've been growing. For example, today, you sucked my blood. You didn't suck it all up, did you?"
Shuma: "W-well...I did bear it..."
Aoi: "If you were a vampire, you wouldn't have borne it. You bore it because you are human. Human will is winning over vampire's will. I think you've been growing up."
*It seems I've been changing without knowing it.*
*I hope there has been growth.*
Aoi: "...Also, this is not without a calculating part too."
*Now Aoi changes completely and seems to have difficulty in saying it.*
Aoi: "The reason that girl...Lycoris went wrong was because of Iris Pumila, a progenitor."
Aoi: "Yes. Even though Lycoris herself is getting stronger, I'm confident that I won't be dominated by her so easily. But if Iris Pumila herself shows up..."
*Her voice sounds frightened.*
*Yeah. Fundamentally, Aoi hates vampires. I'm an exception among exceptions.*
*I'm a special existence to Aoi. When I think about that, I feel my body heating up.*
Aoi: "Only a progenitor can confront another progenitor."
Shuma: "You mean, as long as you have a connection with me, you can resist?"
Aoi: "I cannot say for sure."
*I'm only half good... That's better than not at all.*
*She presented so many topics, but of course I don't dislike having that kind of relationship with Aoi.*
*If anything, I feel sorry that I've made her pay attention to my needs so that I could make up my mind.*
Shuma: "...I will ask you again. Are you serious?"
Aoi: "...Yes."
Shuma: "Maybe you feel like that because you've been mesmerized by me already."
Aoi: "If...you want to think so, do...honestly."
*Aoi replies with her face all red.*
*At this point, it's too late to make her back down.*
*I'm reckless too...but she can also be a pretty mean person.*
Shuma: "Thanks, Aoi."
Aoi: "...Look me in the eyes and say that."
Shuma: "Can I? I'm a vampire."
Aoi: "...Yes. Look me in the eyes."
====================E-AO01_03H_N.TXT====================
*...After the fact.*
Aoi: "With that, I've made up my mind. I cannot go back until I solve the case."
Aoi: "I accepted you. In order to repay your trust and rescue Lycoris."
*Those words imply her strong determination.*
*She did such a messed up thing, but still Aoi is Aoi.*
Aoi: "My mental side is kind of weak. You know it now from our recent mess."
Shuma: "I have no one to depend on now."
Aoi: "God says only irresponsible things and the Rubina hardly supports me. The useless junk they sent me had to be thrown out."
Aoi: "...I'll definitely solve it. A case like this. For her, for me...for you, too."
====================E-AO01_04.TXT====================
Lycoris: "Master Pumila! As you can see I completed the plan more than perfectly and without miss-hop!"
Iris: "Idiot. That is, without 'mishap'. And you tried to kill Shuma, did you not?"
Lycoris: "*Shiver*?! Th-th-th-th-that is not the case, I say?!"
Iris: "I saw it all through Aphid. Did you feel at ease since you thought Aphid left first? I did tell you not to make any violent moves."
Lycoris: "No, that's not it! That was a last resort because I was in danger! I didn't do it intentionally, I say!"
Iris: "Even if it was not intentional, ignoring my order is a grave crime. Finger sna―"
Lycoris: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I say!!"
Iris: "...Hmph. Your groveling only bores me now."
Lycoris: "Oooooo...in the first place, because of the Aphid's fruit, Shuma and Aoi got stronger and I was in danger! If only that fruit had not been taken away..."
Iris: "Hey. The goal was supposed to be to give the fruit to Shuma."
Lycoris: "Oh, that is right. Whoa? That means...was it your plot to increase Shuma's power and put me in danger?! Master Pumila, how come you betrayed me, I say?!"
Iris: "You finally realize it now, idiot. Finger sna―"
Lycoris: "Wawawawa I'm sorry. Never mind, I say!"
Iris: "Hmph...Shuma had only a bite. If you could achieve that, you should have made him eat the whole thing..."
Lycoris: "Oh, yeah. But one bite seemed to make him suffer pretty good."
Iris: "Hmph. This means his awakening is still to come, I suppose. Well, I gave him a sufficient amount. Shuma's body is filled with life force, too. It's only a matter of time."
Lycoris: "Is that so? Oh, but, but. Shuma bit and injected extra life force into Aoi."
Iris: "Yes. I saw it. Is she the one who belongs to the same Rubina as you?"
Lycoris: "Yes, I say. She is my ex-partner. She is one of the few Rubina agents who can receive oracles. So she is elite, believe it or not. Her brain, by itself is not enough, though."
Iris: "...If she knew you said something like that, she would be offended."
Lycoris: "Her being offended is offensive! Aoi is definitely more stupid than me! The one who says something stupid is stupid, I say! Grr!"
Iris: "But, oracles... God..."
====================E-AO02_01.TXT====================
*A few days have passed since Aoi and I somehow fell into line.*
*Every morning!*
*I...!!*
Shuma: "*Wheeze* *wheeze*."
*...run more intensely than ever before!!*
*from: Aoi*
*Slow. Come quickly.*
*It's text. It's not like she's here training with me.*
Shuma: "Damn, I'm gonna suck her blood before training again. Haa, haa, hoo, haa."
*No, not only am I doing longer training runs, but also training with Deesse Morte under Aoi's instruction after this.*
Shuma: "*Wheeze* *wheeze*... I can't believe she told me to go for longer runs!"
*I objected by making the argument that I have no issue swinging around Deesse Morte, as I have super powers, but she answered back with, "Considering all that, you still get in a tough spot so easily".*
Shuma: "Damn! I can't talk back to her because what she says is true!! *Wheeze* *wheeze*!"
*For that reason, I follow Aoi's instructions and manage to run twice as fast and three times the usual distance...*
Shuma: "Daaaamn! When I'm back, I'll definitely suck her blood!"
Aoi: "Slow! How long do I have to wait for you, vampire?!"
Shuma: "Bloooooood!"
Aoi: "Later!!"
Shuma: "Oh, yes..."
*Horrible. I've just finished an intense run...*
Aoi: "Okay, time to start the big sword training. Ready?!"
Shuma: "Yes, coach!"
Shuma: "Come, Deesse Morte..."
Aoi: "Then, first practice your swing 100 times!!"
Shuma: "Whaaat?! I was running until a second ago and now swing practice? Like last time, teach me how to use the big sword now!"
Aoi: "It won't be like that! First physical strength! Then, basics! Next, physical strength! More basics! Physical strength! Basics! Physical strength! Basics!"
Aoi: "That is the Rubina style Spartan special training!! You want to be strong, don't you?!"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*What's this? It seems I pushed the wrong button.*
Lotus: "Well. Truly."
Shuma: "Truly...? So this really has meaning?"
Lotus: "No. Truly useless. Yeah."
Shuma: "*Sigh*."
Lotus: "Well, still, once you overcome it, she will teach you how to handle that big sword, so you must bear it and do your best. The methods of facing off and patterns will be very useful, as you are now."
*...What if I suggest we skip the basics? I imagine she would give me longer runs.*
Shuma: "*Long sigh*..."
Aoi: "Hey, there! Stop sighing and start swinging now! If you're slow, I'll add 100 more!"
Shuma: "A-alright!"
Shuma: "*Wheeze* *wheeze*..."
Aoi: "You surely are tough as a vampire. You are the first person I've seen who finished through the basics on the first day of the Rubina style Spartan special training. Oh, but you are not a person, I guess."
Shuma: "S-shut up...haa, haa..."
*Damn. How dare she put me through such a crazy training schedule! I still haven't learned the handling of a big sword yet. Thanks to her, I'm exhausted, hungry and thirsty...so thirsty...*
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*No, not anymore. I can't stand this anymore. I'll drink anything.*
Shuma: "Let me drink something!"
Shuma: "Blood! Let me drink your blood, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Eh, ah, hey, so sudden...mkyaoomm?!"
Shuma: "Itadakimasu. *Bite*, *sluuurp*..."
Aoi: "Wait, in a place like this...ah, mm, hooo...!"
*In the chapel on campus.*
*Tired after training, I need a rest so Aoi brings me here. I jump on her suddenly to suck blood, but she hardly resists me.*
Aoi: "Mhaah...really, mm, koo...! Good heavens. Didn't you attack a girl on the street? Didn't you suck her blood?"
Shuma: "Don't worry. I'd never pick up and eat food off the street."
Aoi: "Re-really... I'm the only one you think about sucking blood from...? Well, I mean..."
Aoi: "It is nothing!!"
*Yes.*
Aoi: "I will take care of your blood-sucking urge. For justice and peace for the town!"
Aoi: "...I said it like this. *Sigh*. But from a different point of view, I've been preyed on by a smooth-talking vampire...hehe..."
Shuma: "I've come to understand now. You are a masochist."
Aoi: "Very well. Start your special training now. There, quickly bring out Deesse Morte."
Shuma: "Don't I deserve a bit more rest?! Oh... I've just had your blood. Yeah, my body is light already. I'm ready to go. Alright, please start the training!"
Aoi: "Mm, right. My blood is delicious."
Aoi: "...Oh...!"
*Aoi holds her head in her hands in agony. She wiggles her body.*
*It's impossible to have a clear-cut attitude so easily, I guess.*
*I'm in the same boat. I've got massive power but so what? Piles of money you gain without working will lead to one's ruin.*
Shuma: "See, it's best to forget that kind of thing by getting a move on. Let's start."
Aoi: "Right...then a crash course to train a good-for-nothing! Now begin!"
Shuma: "But is it okay to do it in a place like this? I thought we came here just to take a break. We might break things around us..."
*Asking so, I summon Deesse Morte just in case.*
Aoi: "We have to assume there will be indoor situations where movement will be limited. Plus, we cannot damage even one item here. Because you use a big sword, accurate control is required all the time. Okay?"
Shuma: "Oh, I see. We're here for that reason."
Aoi: "FYI, each time you break something, it will be subtracted from my pay! By God's will! Do it as though your life depends on it!"
*Why doesn't she convert already...?*
Aoi: "So now, we're gonna start!"
Shuma: "Please!!"
*I bow once and stand with Deesse Morte ready.*
*Then!*
*Days with Aoi are relatively stable.*
*Compatible or incompatible, there are many ways to look at it, but we are determined to stand up as partners.*
*My power as a vampire appears to be stabilized and influenced by her more than an ordinary person, because our affinity has increased. For better or for worse.*
Aoi: "There, keep pushing on! Repel! Lock sword with sword then repel! You learned kendo in class, didn't you?!"
Shuma: "Damn...there...!"
Aoi: "Here, what would you do if you were fighting Lycoris? She uses a big scythe, not these daggers! Make sure to pursue and attack an enemy who falls down! There's no referee to stop you in a real battle!"
Shuma: "Just a kendo class in school, nothing serious like locking swords or attacking while pursuing..."
Shuma: "Whoa, close! Are you gonna kill me?!"
Aoi: "If you have the time to talk, focus! If not, I'll return you to ashes!"
Shuma: "Who's ashes!"
*For that reason alone, I actually feel we've gradually started working together smoothly.*
*How much would having sex just one time affect us? I wonder, but that must have been Aoi's own way of making up her mind, so I don't mean to argue about it.*
*I think she is, in fact, a very awkward kind of girl.*
*After morning special training, we go back to each of our homes. Aoi stays at her apartment.*
*When she first showed it to me, I was surprised. It was a crappy monthly rental apartment for business bachelors and transients. The Rubina seems to really work their agents hard.*
*It's better if she comes and stays with me.*
Mari: "Now then, school. Time to go to school? Is everyone ready?"
Calen: "*Zzzzzz*."
*I have breakfast, get ready, then return to school.*
Shuma: "But lately we haven't seen Lycoris at all."
Aoi: "I wonder if she's been guarding against us. I don't know where she's hiding out."
Mari: "*Sigh*... Really you are hopeless. Sakurako-san, have you heard anything new recently?"
Sakurako: "Anything new? Nope, not in particular. Oh yeah, a good number of people got sick the other day, right? I wonder why it still keeps happening."
Mari: "There are absent students, here and there, certainly."
*On campus, we check the trend of the town.*
*Since the beauty contest, there have been no particular incidents and the town looks relatively calm. However...*
*Lycoris must be active behind the scenes under the cover of darkness.*
*After school, we go and search for Lycoris.*
Aoi: "...I want some kind of results, soon."
Shuma: "Right. It's been a while, but we're still coming up with nothing."
Aoi: "Yes...but leaving that aside, we cannot stay passive anymore. We must act."
*Since then, we have searched a little in different places.*
Aoi: "We don't know when or where she'll show up. I'm sure we'll have victims while we are idling away, but there is nothing we can do without hints."
*The most troubling thing to deal with regarding Lycoris, is that it's time-consuming until we actually meet face to face with her.*
*...It's not that we're preventing the occurrence of new damages, but there is one thing we can do while on patrol.*
Aoi: "After all, she is active around here, so it's certain she is somewhere in this town."
Shuma: "We need to search for their evil hideout. Lycoris and Iris both, wouldn't be sleeping out in the open every day."
*Their base... We had an image that Lycoris was always wandering around, so we were led on a wild goose chase, but if we can find her base, then we can start a fight with her there.*
Aoi: "Searching the town, also looking for places where Lycoris and others are possibly hiding. And I need to glare at you, who can't keep his eyes off girls. Things to check out have certainly increased, haven't they? It's tough, really."
Shuma: "H-hey, now I'm not like that! You gave me plenty of blood this morning, right?"
Aoi: "...Arrrrgh...!"
*She starts tearing her hair out. Hasn't she made up her mind?*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. So much to do after all. Our saving grace is that we can do it all at the same time."
Shuma: "Finding a place where Lycoris stays. Patrolling. Taking care of me."
Aoi: "Right, taking care of you."
Shuma: "...Aoi?"
Aoi: "Huh? What?"
*I wonder if it was my imagination, but it looked like Aoi cracked a smile a second ago.*
Aoi: "Anyway, what time is it now? I'm getting hungry...oh?"
Aoi: "Oh! No phone!"
Shuma: "We are such a mess again today!"
Aoi: "S-shut up! Give me your phone! I'll find food using GPS!"
Shuma: "Yeah, there's such a convenient thing. It can't be helped, here."
Aoi: "Thanks. Well, if I remember...on the official site, put ID..."
Aoi: "And, password is... L o r d__i  s__s t i n g y ."
Shuma: "Don't say your password while typing!"
Aoi: "If anything happens, I'll leave it to you."
Shuma: "That is more of a threat than trust."
*Special training in the morning and school in the day time. From after school to night, we work for the sake of peace, too. That is our current life cycle.*
*I always have Aoi next to me. Because of it, I'm able to stay being me.*
*Despite the many problems we have, somehow we fall in step and walk together as partners.*
*But, even so.*
*There are still things that are beyond our control.*
Lycoris: "Ugh."
Aoi: "I got you!!"
Lycoris: "She got me, I say!"
Shuma: "We got you once, now we have a bite with every cast... Is it like, if you see one, there are...?"
Lycoris: "Stop comparing me to a cockroach! I don't rustle like them, I say!"
Shuma: "That one over there seems to rustle pretty good."
Aphid: "Kiiii..."
*Again they are together. That means...*
Aoi: "Lycoris! I've got you today!"
Lycoris: "Hahaan. Is it time to talk about something like that? Aoi is indeed stupid, I say."
Aoi: "I don't want to be called stupid by you, stupid!!"
Shuma: "...Ugh? Aoi! Around us...!"
Aoi: "Eh? What? Lycoris is right in front of us...eh? No, it can't be..."
*Urged by my words, Aoi notices, too. Around us, we see shadows of people across the ground...*
Lycoris: "See! You are stupid like I said! You didn't even notice the humans whose life force has been sucked out. Are you really a servant of God?"
Aoi: "Damn...you...!"
Shuma: "Wait, Aoi! I know your feelings, but right now these people...!"
Aoi: "Ugh...!"
*We cannot abandon people on the ground. Comparing them with Lycoris before her eyes, Aoi grinds her teeth.*
Lycoris: "Well then, we take away life force, I say!"
Aoi: "W-wait, Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "Here's someone who ain't stupid enough to wait around just because she's told to. Well then, goodbye, Pops, I say♪"
Aoi: "W-who is 'Pops'?!!"
Aoi: "Oh no, she's gone...but we cannot leave them like this..."
Shuma: "There's nothing we can do. Anyway, we must help them first."
*We rush to a girl to check her condition. She has her life force sucked out and has lost consciousness, but her life isn't in danger. Also there is no sign that they have been familiarized.*
Shuma: "*Relieved*. Like this, they'll be alright after resting a little. But we have to move them to a safe place..."
Aoi: "...Right. Let's carry them together."
*She doesn't hide her frustrated expression, but I feel relieved that Aoi is able to prioritize people on the ground over Lycoris. Together, we start helping the victims.*
Shuma: "Even though I've been having special training... If she attacks the general public like this, they become the priority."
*Really If we find them like this, we can't ignore them. It's out of the question.*
Shuma: "At least, you or me, if one of us could handle Lycoris, the other could help people on the ground first and join the fight later. We could streamline a process like that."
Aoi: "Right. We've been training, but still it's hard to fight against Lycoris unless we do it together. Frustrating, though. I wonder if there are any quick ways to power up."
*Power up.*
Shuma: "Huh? Power up? Come to think of it...the other day, that monster's fruit, even though we had a hard time, our power was amazingly increased."
Aoi: "Ah! That's true...but you were totally exhausted..."
Shuma: "Well, that's true too, but if we can somehow solve that part..."
Aoi: "And the fruit from the other day was taken away by Lycoris. How do we get new fruit?"
Shuma: "Ah...hmm. I will take it away one more time..."
Aoi: "In the first place, we have no time to do that while Lycoris is preying on people. And that monster produces the fruit by sucking life force out of people, right?"
Shuma: "Ugh...that's certainly true. Even though it's a quick way to increase power..."
*When I think about it carefully, this won't happen unless innocent bystanders are attacked, so it's wrong for me to depend on it...*
Lotus: "I do not care about such ethics. But I think the fruit is better to be left alone."
Shuma: "...?"
Lotus: "As I said before, there is a danger of having too much life force. It might turn you into a progenitor in body only, leaving your consciousness behind."
*...I somehow managed it before. But Dad saying this means I cannot do it quickly so easily...*
Shuma: "Hmm. Then, we'll give up on the fruit for the time being..."
Aoi: "Isn't there anything?"
Shuma: "How about asking some advice from somebody? Hey, Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Hi, I'm the main heroin."
Shuma: "Isn't there an easy way to increase power?"
Sakurako: "How about jumping off a cliff."
Shuma: "I said a way to increase power!"
Aoi: "Why don't we try that? If you are killed, you will just return to ashes."
*Hey...*
*Anyway, weak. We are weak. That is an undeniable fact.*
*Even though we fought off Lycoris many times, she became stronger every time we saw her for some reason. On the other hand, we are no match for her unless I enhance Aoi with my bite.*
*Still, that is nothing but temporary doping. The duration of the effect is limited and considering Aoi's body, we cannot do it many times a day.*
*Also, we cannot do it "ahead" of time and we can't bite right in front of our enemies' eyes.*
*Really, its timing and use are just too difficult. It's not an option, so we'll have to fight without enhancements.*
Mari: "Master, can you turn into mist?"
Shuma: "Mist? Like Calen? ...How do I do that?"
Calen: "Like this, all out in the air♪"
Mari: "Airhead, please stay quiet. If you can turn into mist, I have an idea."
Calen: "First concentrate intensely, then let go of your consciousness...go all out. I say, Shuma-san, would you try it?!"
Calen: "All out♪"
Mari: "I'm telling you to be quiet, really. Oh, maybe you don't have enough blood."
Shuma: "Sorry, Aoi. For the future."
Aoi: "Right now you are a vampire without mistake! Ah!"
**Slurp*.*
Shuma: "Now I have enough life force!"
*Concentrate firmly and let my consciousness go all out? Mist...is it an image like dispersing?*
*................*
Shuma: " (...Huh?) "
*What? Suddenly my body is light.*
*...No, it's not. My body is gone?!*
Shuma: " (I've become mist!!) "
Mari: "Oh, he did it. Why, you can do it if you try."
Calen: "Oh, I shall go out and play with Sakurako-san after this, so I excuse myself."
Mari: "Oh, please come back by dinner."
*She's gone.*
Shuma: " (Please congratulate me, a little at least!) "
Aoi: "Ugh, I still need training too. If I get dizzy just by having my blood sucked out of the blue like this... Hey, Shuma? Where are you?"
Aoi: "In any case, there's a lot of smoke in here. What, is there a small fire or something? What's this fog?"
Aoi: "...*Cough*, *cough cough*."
*It's mist. Why is she choking? It's not smoky, no, it's me.*
Shuma: "Damn you all!!"
Mari: "Oh, he turns back."
Aoi: "Whoa?! You surprised me! Did you succeed...in turning into mist?! Really so easily!"
Shuma: "Yeah! Once I really tried, It just worked for some reason!"
Mari: "Congratulations. Okay so, then next."
Mari: "Lycoris-san has been controlled by Lady Pumila."
*That's true. Because of it, Lycoris is stronger and more violent than when she was a human.*
Mari: "Isn't it possible to strengthen Aoi-san by Master becoming mist and possessing her? Something like joining together?"
Mari: "In fact, rather than mist, it would be something like a spirit."
Shuma: "Oh, I see!!"
Aoi: "...I was choking on a spirit...?"
*That part I don't care for very much.*
Aoi: "...Well, then. Let's try a dry run."
Shuma: "Huh, will we really do it?"
Aoi: "Of course! We must try everything we can!"
Shuma: "But, you know. Now you're not just having your blood sucked, it's more like...your 'surrender to a vampire' element grows with this."
Shuma: "Is that alright?"
Aoi: "It's not alright."
Aoi: "No, nevermind. Let's do it, do it now."
Shuma: "Okay...let's go!"
*...Usually you see few human figures in the chapel but by evening, you see almost no one and it becomes quiet.*
*There is not one servant of God who listens to student's worries. The one next to me is God's hunting soldier.*
*For this reason, we decide to try an experiment in here for increasing power. According to her, we will succeed certainly with God's blessing...but I'm a vampire.*
Shuma: " (...Huh, something like this?) "
*I can do it unexpectedly smooth. After though, staying like this...*
Shuma: " (How am I supposed to enter Aoi's body?) "
Aoi: "Wait a sec. I'm gonna text Mari and ask. Give me your phone."
Shuma: " (Okay.) "
*We can talk like normal. It seems possible if we're touching each other.*
Aoi: "He says he doesn't know how to enter."
*................*
Shuma: " (What did Mari say?) "
Mari: " 'There is only one way in which a male enters a female body.' "
Aoi: "...So she says."
====================E-AO02_02H_N.TXT====================
Shuma: " (It means... THAT?!) "
*Afterward, we ran a trial and error and the result was...*
*It failed!*
====================E-AO02_03.TXT====================
Shuma: "Hello, Mari? I failed. Do you have any ideas why?"
Mari: "Oh dear, it is so. It was impossible just as expected."
*Just as expected!?*
Mari: "Because I've never heard of that kind of specific ability. I simply suggested it as one of the ideas. Didn't I tell you that?"
Shuma: "Come to think of it, I do feel so... What is Miss Calen saying?"
Mari: "Master says he failed... "Have they indeed tried it? How foolish!" she said."
Shuma: "Damn you, I'm gonna break off our engagement!"
Lotus: "*Chuckle*... Well, neither I nor successive progenitors have tried something like that. Yes, it is great of you to challenge the unknown, Shuma...*chuckle*..."
*Damn. If you laugh, just laugh out loud. No one can hear you but me.*
Mari: "But Master, you are able to turn into a mist relatively freely. That cannot be useless."
*Hmm, it's not what you say, it's how you say it, I guess.*
Mari: "Besides that, after all, you have no strong points except for your bite and the Rubina's weapons. After these two things...head, your head."
*The Rubina's weapons... No, they are all useless so far.*
Shuma: "Right...thanks."
Shuma: "...So she said."
Aoi: "Okay, I understand. What Mari said is correct."
*After all, there is no convenient way to easily increase power...I don't really have time to do it the honest and hard way...*
*Later, I'll go out with Aoi on our nightly patrol.*
*Special training with Aoi from the early morning. Information gathering at school. Searching for Lycoris' hideout and patrolling after school to night.*
*Meanwhile, I think about ways to solve the case. Also about how to fix our biggest problems, our weaknesses and lack of decisive strikes.*
*I'm getting pretty much used to this daily schedule. And Aoi is always next to me.*
*Day after day, I'm face to face with Aoi. Come to think of it, I spend most of the day with her.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. Gochisousama."
Shuma: "You eat gyudon every night. Don't you get bored?"
Aoi: "Suppose we were in an out-of-the-way place in Britain. You couldn't eat anything as delicious as Japanese gyudon, even if you paid ten thousand dollars."
Aoi: "The most delicious thing is burgers from that worldwide chain. No mistake."
*[Shuma: "But you don't want to eat the meals that Mari cooks."*
Aoi: "...Not because I don't like Mari. It's the bat woman...I'm on guard against. But Mari doesn't like humans, right?"
Shuma: "Oh, yeah, right. So you're trying to not make trouble?"
Aoi: "More or less."
*Today, I wasted my time after school because of a power-up experiment. I had fast food for dinner and I haven't gone back home yet.*
*My time with Aoi has increased. That means I can suppress my personality change better.*
Calen: "Oh, it is Shuma-san and Aoi-san. What have you been doing in a place like this?"
Sakurako: "Hey! Oh, after-school dating!"
Aoi: "Something like that. We aren't lovey-dovey like you two."
Sakurako: "Oh no, what are we gonna do, Calen? Is this, like, a yuri situation?"
Calen: "It is rather troubling!"
Shuma: "Well, we are doing what we usually do. But hey, teachers told us not to go out at night 'cause it's dangerous, didn't they?"
Calen: "I am with her. So, rest assured."
Sakurako: "Anyway, recently Shuma and Aoi are always together. And, like, something's changed."
Shuma: "Changed?"
Sakurako: "Yeah, like, you're having a softer attitude."
Aoi: "...Well, that means we are opening up to each other, I guess?"
Sakurako: "Right. I'm happy for you, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Why do you say that?"
Sakurako: "Hehehe. No particular reason. Well then, Calen, let's go."
Calen: "Yes. Aoi-san, please do not try any inappropriate things on my fiance. Hehehe♪"
Aoi: "I won't! Go now, bat woman!"
Aoi: "...Really. What's a 'fiance'? Is she serious?"
Shuma: "Who knows, haha. Honestly, I don't know what she is thinking about. As for that fiance thing, it may be serious or a joke. Maybe not important."
Aoi: "*Sigh*. She is a vampire. And the youngest child of the Officinalis family. I wonder if she is distorted or philosophical?"
*"Having a softer attitude", which I've been feeling recently...*
*It might be the result of making an effort to compromise since we started our alliance, and that's just simply made me happy.*
*Still...*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. We cannot find anything resembling a hideout in town, after all."
Shuma: "We've more or less exhausted our search on this side. Lycoris hasn't shown up, either. Anyway, let's take a break. Here's your tea."
Aoi: "Thanks."
*...Still she is shy.*
Shuma: "But do you always do this kind of thing, not just now I mean?"
Aoi: "Huh? Well, it's my job."
Shuma: "Why did you become a hunter?"
Aoi: "For money."
Shuma: "Haha. I thought you'd say that. But you seem to have no use for spending money. For your family?"
Aoi: "Nope. Saving is my hobby."
Shuma: "Yeah! Why don't I buy you clothes or something? This is a date."
Aoi: "Thanks but no thanks."
*Now, she's avoiding my questions.*
Shuma: "I'm saying I want to know your past."
Aoi: "That again? Nothing. Even joining the Rubina was like an extension of daily life."
Aoi: "But, right. It's better to tell you something about Lycoris. For the future and it's probably on your mind, too."
Shuma: "Oh, good! I definitely want to hear it. But why so out of the blue?"
Aoi: "You want to know about me, don't you? But I don't have any particular hobbies or ways I spend my time. Then a story about Lycoris is all that's left."
*She has no hobbies. Certainly I've never seen her playing around.*
*It is not necessarily for this reason, but if I peek a little inside Aoi, I feel I get a glimpse of emptiness in there.*
*But I don't believe she is such a person.*
*Surely there is a reason I feel her emptiness...and it's probably because Lycoris isn't next to her.*
Aoi: "Here. I'll show you something good."
Shuma: "...What's this?"
*Aoi takes an old pistol out from her inside pocket... Really, she's got all kinds of things in there, like daggers, holy water and grenades.*
Shuma: "It's too late to say this, but Japan has Swords and Firearms Control Laws."
Aoi: "That is completely true, but now you swing around a sword so it's a draw."
*An old style pistol with modest decorations. Aoi narrows her eyes with it in her hand.*
Aoi: " 'Benevolence'. It belongs to Lycoris. It just looks like hers, doesn't it."
Shuma: "Surely. But why do you have it?"
Aoi: "We came here before these incidents began to happen. During that time, Lycoris was attacked and controlled by an enemy."
Aoi: "This was left in the area where Lycoris seemed to be attacked. She probably threw it away."
*Aoi's demeanor that I happen to catch looks calmer...no, lonelier than I have ever seen.*
*Her face which is lit up by the moon and streetlights is so beautiful that it takes my breath away.*
Aoi: "A friend who shared my joys and sorrows from way back when and a buddy who I always got along with. That is Lycoris."
Aoi: "I have no particular hobbies, but Lycoris is like that. She is stupid and everything is fun when I play with her."
Aoi: "With her, simple walking turns into an adventure. Shopping never ends. If she plays a game, she won't stop until she wins. Even then, she still won't stop."
Aoi: "Once we went for a hike and wandered down a side road. Then she started running and we climbed up and up in our casual clothes and ended up on the Matterhorn."
*Eh?*
Aoi: "Over that, I still hold a grudge. It was so cold. Yeah, next time I see her, I'll pay her back for it."
*Eh, e-eh?*
Aoi: "During the Rubina training, well, because we were buddies, we were usually together. She is stupid but was really strong and..."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Oh, right , once I got into serious trouble at work but she did―"
*Words spin out of Aoi's mouth in an unusually quick tempo.*
*Her face looks lonely, but it's smiling.*
Aoi: "That's no big deal. A friend. A buddy. Come to think of it, she is the only one I can call that."
Aoi: "Well, until recently, it was this way and I didn't care about it either, because it was natural."
*First time now...*
*Now is possibly the first time I've recognized her as a "human being".*
*Funny, considering I decided to be with her because she is a human.*
Aoi: "Oh, and... She is stupid, but very serious."
Aoi: "And plus, she is quite kind. And sentimental. And..."
Aoi: "...she is a good buddy who cares about her friends."
*Until now, she was just a hunter from the Rubina. But that is not all about her.*
*It's nothing to do with sex or the fact that she's taken care of my blood sucking.*
*It's everything to do with Aoi's softer attitude, her past life, her friend Lycoris who was always with her, and the smile she gives when talking about it.*
*That was a warm story with a human touch.*
*Because she said "pay her back for it", I thought it was exactly like her.*
Aoi: "Mm. I talked a bit too much. Let's get back to work now."
Shuma: "Yeah, okay."
*We have empty plastic bottles in our hands.*
*We throw them one by one in a trash can and walk out of the park at night.*
Aoi: "Now. This is an area of town we haven't searched yet."
Shuma: "And, from here to over there, this area up to the ocean."
*After that, we continue searching for Lycoris' hideout while on patrol.*
*Lycoris' hideout. Once we discover the location, it will be possible to make a jump in our progress and resolve the situation.*
*The problem is where... It must be as inconspicuous as possible, unrecognizable if an abductee is brought in, and still within the town limits...*
Shuma: "I'm not sensing a feeling for the place from here. Don't count on me."
Aoi: "Pump it up and make it up. Let's go."
*This office area at night is busier than I expected. No overtime pay in there. A death march over here. Quite a few lights are on in every building.*
*But not as much as the shopping area. In a dark landscape, there's always a blind spot.*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "There are still many people, I don't think she will attack us but..."
Aoi: "You know, about Lycoris..."
Shuma: "Yeah? What? Something else?"
Aoi: "Both Lycoris' parents belonged to the Holy See so she is a trueborn Rubina hunter."
Shuma: "Eh? Is that so?"
Aoi: "Well, both of them already passed away. It's a pretty dangerous job."
*Aoi starts talking about Lycoris again while we walk under the street lights.*
*...I have no particular reason to stop it.*
Aoi: "Lycoris is like that, but a long time ago her friend was taken over by a vampire."
Shuma: "...Is that why she hates vampires?"
Aoi: "She killed her friend in tears with me. Since that incident. Talking more about that like this may be not right but..."
Aoi: "See, she is like that. Unlike me, she had a wide circle of friends. But since then, she's started limiting it. She also had some small doubts about the Rubina."
Aoi: "...So I want to help her as quickly as possible. Lycoris, right now."
Aoi: "I myself have fallen into vampire's hands to save Lycoris who fell into another vampire's hands. It's like 'The mummy-taker becomes the mummy'."
Aoi: "Thanks for calling this an alliance. I really can't do it myself. I'm without Lycoris. Lycoris is now an enemy."
*Aoi keeps talking in one breath as if she was declaring something.*
*Oh. She is nervous.*
*Anyhow, I don't think it will be possible to handle it all by ourselves. Calen's help is a must.*
*It would be better if Lycoris was alone. But she has a bigwig like Iris Pumila behind her.*
Shuma: "Then. All the more, we must release Lycoris as soon as possible!"
Aoi: "...Mm."
Aoi: "You are a miracle. You can turn vampirized people back into humans."
Aoi: "Normally, vampires turn the people they bite into vampires. But right now, you can do the opposite. Even though if you awaken as a progenitor, it might change..."
Shuma: "It's also because we are against Lycoris. Well, in this case, more like against Iris Pumila."
Aoi: "...Let's find her quickly and then Lycoris..."
*Aoi will have to crush those memories and friendship with her own foot.*
*I have no particular reason. Also, I don't think such a convenient thing could happen.*
*Somehow, my path has brought me here.*
Aoi: "...I think there's nothing here."
Shuma: "Now now, let's just take a look. There's a rooftop, so we should sweep the area?"
Aoi: "Well, alright. Let's go."
*This empty building doesn't look abandoned, but doesn't seem operational either.*
*The outside is bright thanks to the lights coming through office windows brimming with Japanese spirit. But once inside, I am met by darkness.*
*...It has the right atmosphere.*
Shuma: "...A place like this should be spooky."
Aoi: "It's best not to pay it attention. Besides, that thing over there is no match for Mr. Progenitor himself!"
Shuma: "What, a ghost!? Where? Oh, no, don't say stuff like that."
Aoi: "Why? See, down the stairs, toward the basement..."
Shuma: "Shut up!"
Aoi: "Oh, right. A chance to earn extra money. Hey, hey."
Shuma: "You hunt extensively..."
*...First of all, I did feel something was off.*
Shuma: "Waaaah...I didn't come here to test my courage..."
*We step into a room. It wasn't locked.*
*The room is dark, but an outside light is faintly coming in. That makes this room look extra creepy.*
*Usually lights come from buildings or street lights. This room, where the light barely slips in, seems to be the border where the human world ends.*
*If something is lurking, it's something other than human. A vampire, werewolf...a subject for hunting to make extra money...*
Aoi: "Nothing in particular here."
Shuma: "Oh, yeah? G-good."
Aoi: "Well, that was a lie."
Shuma: "I'm, you know! Easily scared! Stop doing that kind of thing!"
Aoi: "There is nothing here physically. Let's light it up a bit. Lord, please have a chat with me."
**Sparkle twinkle sparkle*.*
Shuma: "Oh!"
*The room which lights up for a few seconds is a mess.*
*If she's been using it as a base, the place should have a lived-in feel. Lycoris cannot live without eating or drinking.*
Shuma: "...She can't be in her previous apartment. Right, Aoi?"
Aoi: "...Shut up. God just reduced my pay because I called him too easily. Be quiet."
Shuma: "Yes."
*Of course, no god wants followers who use him as a flashlight.*
Aoi: "I checked the apartment a long time ago. She hasn't cleared out yet, but it didn't look like she returned after she went missing."
Shuma: "Right...well we drew a blank. It's a good idea if we hurry up and leave."
*I feel it's not good to stay here.*
*Because no one will notice if anything happens. No one will hear us, either.*
Aoi: "We have no reason to stay. Then, let's go to the rooftop. Check the surroundings."
Shuma: "No, let's pass on the rooftop. Let's leave here as quickly as possible."
Aoi: "...What's that? How scared are you? Just ghosts."
Aoi: "Such things, they died holding grudges. They're just small existences disturbing other people, not even appearing to the real people who they're holding grudges against. Don't worry, don't worry."
Aoi: "Like traditional Japanese monsters or demons. They sound strong, but they're just a bunch of geezers that can't keep up with modern times and they take it out on people."
Aoi: "I wonder what they're gonna do if a war starts and they're blown away along with their land♪"
*Her way of thinking is harsh.*
Shuma: "Your lecture is fine, but anyway let's go. I can't explain it, but I have a bad feeling."
Aoi: "A bad feeling?"
*First, why do I feel something is wrong?*
*The view before my eyes is nothing but a spot to test one's courage. One servant of God is enough to handle ghosts.*
*I've been sensing something. If the origin of this uneasy feeling is what I think it is...this sensation is one I shouldn't be feeling in a place like this.*
*I know this sensation from somewhere. This is...*
Shuma: "!?"
Aoi: "Shuma!!"
Shuma: "Oh, ugh...!?"
*With the sensation of being beaten in the back of my head, I am thrown deep into the room!*
Shuma: "It hurts. Who are you!? Are you a college student who came to test your courage!?"
Aoi: "It can't be. Are you okay!?"
*Aoi is running toward me, but that thing is creeping up on her at the same time.*
*Whether it's running or sliding, like a growing shadow, it approaches...*
Shuma: "This... Is this Iris' familiar!? But..."
Shadow: "――――"
*W-what is it? This feeling...is really...*
Aoi: "Ugh...don't get in my way... Damn you!!"
*The shadow dances and avoids Aoi's daggers like a willow blowing in the breeze.*
*It seems to have no substance and has an eeriness that is similar to a ghost.*
*That thing stands between Aoi and me.*
Aoi: "Stop dodging!"
Shadow: "―――!!"
Aoi: "Ugh!?"
Shuma: "What...attacking doesn't work...?"
Shadow: "――――"
*Aoi's attack doesn't work at all. It will be useless even if I give her a power up.*
*I'm not sure if my attack will hit this slimy shadow...!*
Shuma: "Come!"
Shuma: "Waaagh!!"
Shadow: "――――"
Shuma: "Damn...stop swaying and dodging me!"
Shadow: "―――!"
Shuma: "Waagh! Damn you...!"
*It rolled from side to side as expected and my sword doesn't hit it.*
*Somehow I have to hit that thing! It's possible that if I hit it, the attack itself won't work, but as long as I keep attacking, I shouldn't be cornered!*
Shuma: "Deyaah!"
Shadow: "――――"
Shuma: "Stop wobbling already!!"
Shadow: "――――"
Shuma: "*Groan*...!"
*Even if the striking power is strong, it's meaningless if attacks don't hit...! Moreover, the space is so small that I can't swing around my sword or defend myself well.*
Shadow: "――――!!!"
*Of course, this mysterious shadow doesn't miss the chance...*
Aoi: "I won't let you!!"
Shadow: "――――"
Aoi: "What...!? Why did it get bigger!? Did it absorb my attack and get bigger!?"
Shadow: "――――!!!"
Aoi: "Run, Shuma!"
*Seeing the shadow getting bigger, Aoi loses her head and yells at me. But...*
Shuma: "No. It's a great chance!!"
Shadow: "――――!?"
Shuma: "It worked!?"
*As it gets bigger and has less space to dodge, I bring down Deesse Morte with all my strength. Unexpectedly, the shadow starts to twist its body in agony.*
Aoi: "W-why? Why does my attack get absorbed while yours works so well?"
Shuma: "I don't know, but this is my chance! One more strike...!!"
Shadow: "―――!!"
Aoi: "Oh! It's running away!"
Shuma: "I don't know what's going on, but we'll follow it anyway!!"
*If only my attacks are working, I can't allow it to escape and not find out the reason why it attacked me!*
Shuma: "Damn! Where is it? It should have come this way..."
*The shadow gets mixed in with the darkness of the night and we lose sight of it completely.*
Aoi: "How is it? Do you feel something?"
Shuma: "No, I don't feel the presence, strangeness or fear."
*When it was near me, I could feel its presence, but as soon as we are outside, its presence disperses and I can't sense it at all.*
Shuma: "What was it...anyway?"
Aoi: "Of course, it was one of Lycoris' minions...I mean, Iris Pumila's. I can't imagine it's anything else."
*Surely, it's probably true, but I cannot agree straightway. Something is not right...*
Shuma: "Let's search a little more. Okay?"
Aoi: "Right. I think it could provide a clue to help us find Lycoris."
*While we are running around looking for the shadow, we see―*
Lycoris: "Ah."
Aoi: "Here! You're behind it, just as I thought!!"
Lycoris: "What are you talking about, I say!? You suddenly show up and accuse me so wrongly!"
Aoi: "Don't play dumb! You used a weird familiar and made it attack us!"
Lycoris: "What kind of nonsense are you talking about? But it's my luck to see you here. Take the opportunity to die, I say!"
Aoi: "What?"
Aoi: "Ah, hurts...!?"
Shuma: "Aoi!? Stupid, what are you doing? Come here, here! I'm gonna bite you!"
Aoi: "We don't have time...and I'm alright without it!"
Lycoris: "There, there, no time to chat, I say!"
Aoi: "So busy, really!!"
Lycoris: "If you think this is busy, you will die in the twinkling of an eye!!"
Shuma: "What today!? Did you instigate that one, too!? What are you planning, what do you want to do!? What's the purpose!?"
Lycoris: "I don't know what you are talking about. And my purpose is to bring you back. Just as I've always said, I say."
Aoi: "I won't let you, you―"
Lycoris: "Aoi is in the way so die. Now."
*Without hesitation, Lycoris strikes Aoi with her big scythe, and Aoi is mercilessly blown against the wall.*
Aoi: "Argh...!?"
Shuma: "Aoi! Lycoris, use a little moderation...!"
Lycoris: "Don't think I am like last week, don't think I am like yesterday, I say. Thanks to Aphid's fruit, I became stronger!"
Lycoris: "This is all because I'm under the protection of Master Pumila, I say! If I flatter her this much, Master Pumila probably won't snap her fingers at trivial things, I think♪"
Aoi: "Ugh...under protection!? All she did was turn you into a mock vampire!!"
*While glaring at Lycoris, Aoi charges at her with twin daggers ready.*
Lycoris: "Not a mock vampire, I'm already a full-fledged vampire!"
Lycoris: "To hell with God! For me, Master Pumila's protection is more comfy, I say!"
Aoi: "Y-you...!!"
*Each time she crosses her daggers with Lycoris' scythe, Aoi steps back and parries a blow to kill the strength, then charges again, making use of the moment Lycoris swings her weapon.*
*As far as I see in Aoi's moves, I can guess she is far much calmer than before, but she is purely inferior in fighting power...*
Shuma: "A-Aoi...! Argh..."
*I could enhance Aoi, or just join the fight.*
Lycoris: "Aoi, it's impossible for you to do something to me!"
Aoi: "Ugh...shut your mouth!!"
*...As Lycoris says, Aoi is clearly in a bad situation.*
*But...considering the amount of life force flowing into me when I ate the fruit, I feel something is off in Lycoris' strength...*
Lycoris: "Hehe, you are so lame that I can't help but put you down. There!!"
Aoi: "Arr...gh!"
Shuma: "Aoi!"
*Still, there is no hope for Aoi to win without another boost.*
*Immediately after this thought, they cross blades and Aoi is pushed and knocked back toward me.*
*...Now, this is my chance. If I can enhance Aoi before Lycoris comes close...*
Lycoris: "I won't let you, I say... Deathbolt!!"
Shuma: "Whoa!? Ugh..."
*The thing I just barely avoided right before biting Aoi, drills deep into the ground, right next to my feet.*
*What...? A magic arrow?*
*Damn, Lycoris. She has a secret weapon like this...*
Lycoris: "Alright. As long as you know I'm aiming at you, suck as much as you want, Shuma Embroche."
*...How can I pour life force into Aoi and avoid this attack...?*
*But before that, just sucking blood under this situation where we might get shot is dangerous enough.*
Shuma: "Ugh...Aoi! Back down for the time being!!"
Aoi: "What!?"
Shuma: "This situation is impossible! It's hopeless unless we back off for a moment and I enhance you somewhere else!!"
Aoi: "...Alright!!"
Lycoris: "...They escaped. Fine. I'll let them go for now. I've been really busy and overworked by Master Pumila."
Aoi: "Haa, haa, haa..."
Aoi: "Okay here...haah, haah. Oh no, all we could do was escape...! Damn..."
Aoi: "A-anyway, before she catches up, give me life force. If you don't boost me...what? Shuma?"
Aoi: "Hey, Shuma? Answer me? Where are you? ...Have we been separated from each other...?"
Aoi: "Oh, no...if Lycoris attacks me when I'm alone, I'll have no chance of winning this time... Humiliating but I must find Shuma qui―"
Aoi: "...!? Y-you!!"
Shadow: "―――!!!"
Aoi: "What!? Eep!!!"
Shuma: "*Wheeze wheeze*, haah, haah..."
*I run desperately to escape from Lycoris and finally reach a quiet area.*
Shuma: "Damn... What I've practiced is totally useless...!"
*My mouth distorts from sheer frustration. But I know this doesn't mean anything.*
Shuma: "What are we gonna do, Aoi? Are we gonna boost you and wait for Lycoris? But she is stronger than before. Lycoris is...eh? Aoi?"
*I look back as I recover my breath, but only darkness spreads in front of my eyes.*
Shuma: "D-did we lose each other?"
*I rapidly search for a sign, but I can't feel her presence nearby.*
Shuma: "Aoi, Aoi!?"
*Crap, maybe Lycoris has caught up with her!?*
Shuma: "Damn! I've gotta find her...!"
Shuma: "Oh!? A text!?"
*Feeling the vibration in my pocket, I quickly take out my phone and check. It reads...*
*from: Aoi*
*I lost you so I'll go home for today. See you tomorrow.*
Shuma: "G-go home...?"
*Is she alright? Well, getting a text like this means she is probably okay...*
Shuma: "...I don't feel any sign of Lycoris or the shadow."
*I search the surroundings for a sign once more, but I feel nothing suspicious. The streets have lost their previous hustle and bustle and are dead quiet.*
Shuma: "...Both Lycoris and I don't know what it is, but that shadow-like thing seems to have stopped moving around."
*If there was any movement, it would create a stir in the town. I don't feel any sign, so it's probably okay.*
Shuma: "I do worry about her though..."
*I quickly press the reply button and answer back, 'You are okay, right? Then, I'll go home, too'.*
Shuma: "...Anyway, let's go back home."
*Considering the current situation, certainly it's less dangerous to go back to our individual homes rather than meet up again.*
*After I calm myself down a bit more and understand Aoi's judgment, I turn my steps toward home.*
*Then, just before arriving home, I receive a short text from Aoi which says, "I'm okay. Good night".*
Shuma: "What was that shadow...?"
*I lie down on my bed and recall today's events.*
Shuma: "I had a strange feeling about it...was that Iris' familiar?"
*Aoi completely believed so, but I feel uneasy about it. It had an air slightly different from vampires'...*
Lotus: "Well. It is difficult for me to say. I cannot identify those sort of subtle details with my body being a ring."
Shuma: "Right..."
Lotus: "However, Aoi's attacks didn't work, but yours seemed to work tremendously. This is the key to identifying that thing, I suppose."
Shuma: "Yeah...and...that shadow...was it really after us?"
Lotus: "Oh, that is pretty bold guess. But, considering you were obviously attacked..."
Shuma: "That is true. But even though I was attacked, it was kind of swaying..."
*I also feel there was no clear intent to kill. But if I were asked, "Based on what?", I'd have no confident answer.*
Lotus: "There are many troublesome things. However, Lycoris did not seem to be on point, either."
Shuma: "Eh? Is that so?"
Lotus: "You might not have noticed as you were focusing on the escape, but Lycoris was slightly agitated when you stumbled on to her."
Shuma: "Agitated...? Does that mean Lycoris didn't work with the shadow to lure us out?"
Lotus: "Or that shadow and Lycoris were actually together, but their method and location for cornering you turned out different from what they had planned."
Shuma: "Hmm..."
*Irritating. The more I think about it, the more possibilities come up and there is no end to it.*
Lotus: "Including this newly appearing shadow. We will need to exercise more caution."
*Truly, Dad is right. A guess is just a guess. After all, the only way to determine what is the truth is to eventually see it with my own eyes...*
*Next morning.*
Shuma: "Aoi! Where's Aoi!?"
Mari: "Stop fidgeting!"
*I finished today's training and checked the chapel first thing in the morning, but I didn't find Aoi. No contact from her since last night.*
*Doesn't she know I'm so worried that blood won't even go down my throat!?*
Aoi: "Oh, good morning, Shuma. What's wrong? You look alarmed."
Shuma: "Whoa!?"
*She is right here!!*
Shuma: "Good morning, Aoi. You startled me, but you're okay?! How did you manage to make it here unscathed?"
Aoi: "Huh? Did you think they could do something to ME? No way."
Aoi: "I sent texts, too. We ended up getting separated yesterday, but I got home safely."
Shuma: "Th-that is so but..you're...not injured."
Aoi: "You're more worried about it than I am. Were you okay after that? Injuries?"
Shuma: "No, nothing in particular..."
Aoi: "Oh, right."
*...?*
Shuma: "Aoi, here let me bite you."
Aoi: "No. Not in the classroom..."
Aoi: "Oh, there, the teacher is coming. Get back to your desk."
Shuma: "E-eh? But."
Aoi: "Don't worry. There."
*Surprisingly, Aoi turns out to be completely normal.*
*...Too normal.*
Aoi: "I didn't realize it until know, but having lunch with you has become a daily routine."
Shuma: "This is a lunch time strategy meeting. So, what do you think about yesterday?"
Aoi: "Well, I don't know. It's useless to think about it."
Shuma: "Hey, hey, don't say that. We were supposed to think about it together."
Aoi: "Oh, right, right. But right now we have too little information."
Aoi: "Maybe, we are tired, both of us."
Shuma: "Tired? Well, I haven't sucked blood yet today and I'm lacking a bit of life force..."
*Either way, today for some reason, Aoi won't let me suck her blood. Of course she must be tired from yesterday, so I cannot force her.*
Shuma: "...You are a true human. You get tired more than me."
Aoi: "Yes. How about taking a day off?"
Shuma: "Huh?"
Aoi: "Doing patrol night after night. It's really getting hard... I'm hardly a match for Lycoris and now this strange shadow shows up."
Aoi: "I want to sleep, too. I'm not a scarecrow."
Shuma: "Well...you're right. Then do we take a day off and rest?"
*What Aoi says is understandable, but...*
*No, she is saying completely normal things...but it is not like Aoi. Still, if I say something, it's like telling her to work without resting...*
*...so I can't really say something about it.*
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi."
Aoi: "Later. Toilet."
Shuma: "Ooo...r-right."
*W-what? Is she avoiding me? She's been strange since morning. As a result, I've had no chance to suck blood. I couldn't create the right atmosphere during lunch.*
Sakurako: "Hehe, what's going on, Shuma-san? Did you have a run-in with Aoi? She gave you the cold shoulder."
Shuma: "Nothing like that."
Sakurako: "Hey, hey, Shuma! You haven't played with me recently. Let's go fishing today!"
Shuma: "That is so out of the blue! I've never gone fishing and neither have you."
Sakurako: "Let's graduate from being a fishing virgin and fishing cherry boy! Go go!!"
Sakurako: "But...a virgin and cherry boy don't go well..."
Shuma: "So what?"
*...H-hmm.*
*So, I'm at the harbor with Sakurako.*
Shuma: "Can we fish for anything, dropping our lines at this hour?"
Sakurako: "Now, now. Amateur fishing is like making time to talk."
Shuma: "You are blunt."
*Suspicious. Now everything is suspicious.*
*And painful. The sea breeze is painful, too painful.*
Shuma: "......"
*I'm fishing like this, but my mind is filled with what happened yesterday.*
*What should I think about first?*
*That shadow. What's its purpose? Why was it there?*
*Lycoris. Why did she wait for us in front of the building? In the first place, did she really wait for us? I felt she attacked us first, but was it really so?*
*What do they want to do? Why didn't they catch me right there? Instead they retreated.*
Shuma: "...They don't bite."
*Let's focus only on Lycoris. Dad said Lycoris seemed to be agitated. If I believe that...*
Shuma: "...For example."
*For example, then maybe it was a coincidence that Lycoris met us.*
*There's enough possibility in that.*
*Because, it's hard to imagine she couldn't catch up with us when we desperately ran away. She is stupid, but her physical ability is far above ours now.*
Shuma: "If that is the case..."
*It's possible...she tried to separate Aoi from me. In addition, she could have been plotting something...*
*If so, maybe something did actually happened between Aoi and Lycoris, and Aoi is hiding it from me for some reason...?*
Sakurako: "Well, come to think of it, it's been a long time since we came out to play last time."
Shuma: "Mm? Yeah."
Sakurako: "Yeah. I was lonely because we didn't have fun together recently."
*Sakurako smiles and looks into my face.*
*...Sakurako, when she does this, looks really cute. So I can't help remembering that I had sex with her.*
Shuma: "......"
Sakurako: "Oh, you became embarrassed. You're embarrassing me, too."
*That sort of broke our friendship though, to be blunt.*
*...But now it's not so bad between Sakurako and me.*
*Aoi and Lycoris...their friendship must be way more than ours.*
*Vampires control and manipulate human hearts. That is the root of the reason why they disgust me.*
Sakurako: "You know, recently, you're worrying about some things, aren't you, Shuma?"
Shuma: "...Huh? Well, it's true I've been busy doing many things. You know that, right? I haven't explained the details, though."
*Calen must have altered her memories, so she probably doesn't know.*
Sakurako: "Well, anyway."
Sakurako: "I'm your friend, so if you have something, talk to me."
*...Maybe, I'm gonna talk with Sakurako a little.*
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako. If you and I tried to kill each other like in an anime, what do you think would happen?"
Sakurako: "Eh? I would win."
*That's not it. It's not winning or losing.*
Shuma: "Feelings, about your feelings. Then, how about, if two friends must confront each other over a reason neither can do anything about?"
Shuma: "Do you think one can't help from going easy on the other? And if there's a guy who wants to help them, what do you think he should do?
Sakurako: "Hmm, I wonder. That's between the two of them, I guess."
Shuma: "I see. Then more so, if it was you and me, and we ended up in a situation where we might kill each other..."
Sakurako: "As I said, I would win."
Sakurako: "Like this!"
Shuma: "I'm not talking about win or lose...eh? Oh."
*I can't understand what's going on for a second.*
*Before I know it, Sakurako takes her hands off the pole and stands behind me.*
*For what? That is for...*
Sakurako: "Here."
*...Doing this, of course.*
Shuma: "Wait...s-stupid...!?"
*I have no time to react. Instantly, my view is filled up with the sky, then...!*
*I am pushed into the sea!*
Shuma: "*Gurgling*... Zzzakurako...!?"
Sakurako: "――――"
*................*
*We were in middle of talking. You didn't even try to listen from the start, hey!*
*Fine. If she is like that, I won't hold back anymore.*
Shuma: "...You...!"
*It's Lycoris' doing! It must be! She used the shadow and controlled Sakurako just now! I won't forgive her!!*
Shuma: "Don't get carried away, you stupid girl!!"
*I touch a concrete wall. I can't find a place to grab, so I punch it and make a hole.*
*My best ability, an enhancement of physical power. I didn't think I could do it, but when I try, I can. So I leave the details behind.*
*Frustration and anger relieves the pain.*
Shuma: "Oryaaaaaaa!!"
*I grab on to the hole I made and jump up to the top!*
Sakurako: "―――!?"
Shuma: "For the time being, you first, Sakurako!! I'm gonna suck the life force that's controlling you! Give me your blood!!"
Sakurako: "Mm, mmm, ooo...!?"
Sakurako: "...Hoo, hooaaah...!!!"
Shuma: "...!?"
*What? Taste is...different? The life force from when I was dominated by Lycoris made me reflexively choke, but thinking back, it was like a soup that was too concentrated.*
*I couldn't accept it, because it was too thick. Also, at that time, I wasn't used to blood sucking either.*
*But, what's with Sakurako's current blood? It's like a juice that has many things mixed in. It tastes strange...?*
Sakurako: "Aaaaah...! Haawmm!"
Shuma: "Haa, haa..."
*As I suck life force with her blood, Sakurako slumps into my arms.*
Shuma: "Wha...what is this...?"
*Has Lycoris', no, Iris' life force been changing? So many things are strange and different from usual...*
Sakurako: "Mmm...ma..."
Shuma: "Ma?"
Sakurako: "Mayo...mayonnaise is not enough...let me drink more..."
*...What's this delirious mumbling? Sakurako's blood tastes weird because she drinks too much mayonnaise and her blood is simply just stale?*
Shuma: "You are taking in too much cholesterol. Make an effort so that your blood will flow more smoothly. You'll get sick..."
*I return from the harbor, clean my sticky body and clothes, then go to the living room. It's already night.*
*In the living room, I hear a story from Sakurako.*
Sakurako: "I caused you trouble...I'm sorry..."
*As for Sakurako who didn't listen to my serious situation, and who interrupted it by pushing me into the sea...*
*...just as I had guessed, she had been attacked by Lycoris and familiarized.*
Calen: "Oh dear, oh dear. Since she laid hands on my favorite, Lady Pumila must indeed be prepared to meet her doom."
Calen: "It's gonna be an all-out bloody war between the Officinalis and Pumila families! There I said it! Waaagh!"
Mari: "Calm down, country yakuza, no, country lady. So, Sakurako-san, no injuries?"
Sakurako: "Ah, no. I'm fine. But Shuma..."
Shuma: "I'm not sticky anymore. Back to good ol' Shuma Kusanagi. So...when did Lycoris actually attack you? Calen?"
Calen: "I am not with her all the time. Sakurako-san also plays with other friends."
Sakurako: "Hm-hmm...I can't really remember so clearly..."
Shuma: "...We erased your memories about vampires once. I'm sorry for reminding you, but please."
Sakurako: "Oh, yeah, that's okay. Like, that's not really a surprise. Right, I was attacked before, wasn't I?"
Sakurako: "What's really hard is that I did something terrible to you, Shuma..."
Shuma: "...Mm, thanks for saying that."
Sakurako: "So it is extra hard to say this..."
*Maybe, was it...Aoi? I don't want to believe that. I don't want to, but...*
Sakurako: "Aoi..."
Calen: "Aoi-san, is it!?"
Sakurako: "Last night, I met Aoi on my way to the convenience store. Then, she told me she would introduce her friend to me. I was, like, a bit surprised at her having a friend."
*What an awful thing to say about Aoi-san.*
Sakurako: "And...yeah, she introduced me, to this...blackish...huh? I don't remember anything after that..."
Shuma: "Wasn't that Lycoris?"
Sakurako: "No, it wasn't Lycoris. I'm sure about that. The feeling was different... I'm not sure...like hazed over..."
Shuma: "Could it be, that shadow...?"
*"Now, if that shadow is Iris' familiar, this would mean it's a matter of roles..."*
Lotus: "Hold on. Shuma. There is one more fact that you know of."
Shuma: "Fact that I know?"
Sakurako: "...Shuma?"
*They look at me suspiciously, but I hold the ring at my chest without paying them any attention, and let him talk more.*
Lotus: "You cannot be serious, thinking that the life force controlling Sakurako had deteriorated because she drank too much mayonnaise, can you?"
Shuma: "Eh!?"
Lotus: "Your instinct was correct. The life force that was manipulating Sakurako didn't come from Lady Pumila or Lycoris."
Shuma: "What...eh?"
*Does it mean there is someone else, besides Iris and Lycoris, who manipulated Sakurako with life force and tried to do something to me...?*
Shuma: "What is this...what's going on. Aoi...?"
*Just one thing is certain.*
*I don't know if this is a third being or Iris' familiar. It is certain though that Aoi is involved in this.*
Shuma: "Let's go, everybody."
*Now is the time for action.*
Shuma: "Anyway, let's find Aoi and bring her back here."
*That is the only way to make everything clear. And saving Aoi will be the key to solving everything. I have this strange conviction.*
Mari: "*Sigh*. It can't be helped."
Mari: "Master. Here is my phone for the time being. Yours is broken, isn't it? Please take this."
Shuma: "Oh, quick-witted, my maid!"
Calen: "However, before that, let me take care of Sakurako-san."
Sakurako: "What?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Please take her home. Let's meet up later."
*My words are calm, but impatience and frustration must be growing inside me more than I realize. I rush out of the house and run into the night streets.*
*I have no particular place in mind.*
*...That won't do. If I have no place in mind, think.*
*There aren't any gyudon shops open.*
Shuma: "There were no hints from Sakurako's explanation. It's hard to believe she'd be in the same place where she attacked Sakurako... Then the same as usual?"
*We settled on not erasing Sakurako's mind because it will help her be on guard if she ends up near danger. Though like that, she can keep a secret.*
*...If truth be told, it would be better to not keep such a horrible memory if she could go without.*
Shuma: "...No, it's hard to believe she's in the hideout. Because if Aoi was followed, the place would have been revealed."
*Something else...how about Mari's nose? No, her sense of smell is only about five times stronger than humans'. I can't depend on it.*
*Then, what am I going to do?*
Shuma: "...Damn, Aoi...!!"
*Once I start running, I get more frustrated. Where is Aoi!?*
*She was next to me until yesterday. She was walking by me. Why today has she suddenly gone someplace where I can't find her!?*
Shuma: "...Haa, haah, haa...! S-she can't be here, I guess...!"
Shuma: "...Oh, a phone call? I borrowed it from Mari, come to think of it. Hello?"
Calen: "Hi, Shuma-san. I have taken Sakurako-san back to her home just now. Where are you currently?"
Shuma: "Now? Right now..."
*...Phone?*
*Right!*
Shuma: "Calen!! Can I talk to Sakurako?"
Calen: "Oh? You are really so unkind. Sakurako-san, please."
*I start running because I'm unable to contain myself. I can't restrain my mind.*
*If this way works well!!*
Shuma: "Sakurako. Can you send a text to Aoi!?"
Sakurako: "I can. Do you want me to ask her where she is?"
Shuma: "Oh, that's good. Try that."
*If she had already been manipulated when I sent her a text yesterday... She gave me a reply to the mail. Of course, it's content was a lie.*
*Frankly, I don't think she will reply in an honest way, and if someone unrelated to this battle sends a message, they might say something deceiving, so that they won't be interrupted.*
*At this point though, it doesn't matter if her text is a lie or the truth. As long as she replies back...!*
Sakurako: "Oh, a reply. She says she is eating gyudon on the shopping street."
Shuma: "I got it!"
*She wasn't on the shopping street. Her phone is working. And maybe whoever is manipulating Aoi is only smart enough to make up a small lie.*
*If they're not understanding the phone's function well...!*
Shuma: "Don't say your password while typing!"
Aoi: "If anything happens, I'll leave it to you."
*................*
Lycoris: "Aoooiii. Hooowww aaarrreee yyyooouuu?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "I'm glad you look fine! Hmph. But as far as I'm concerned, it's troubling if you are too fine, I say."
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Sooo. I want you to do nothing, right now, Aoi."
Lycoris: "If possible though, I want you to be a vampire with me and have fun together again. But that is not possible now, is it?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "...Why don't you say something, I say?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Say something! Aoi! With your own mouth! With your own mind! As you usually do, try calling me stupid, I say! Now!!"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "...Master Pumila ordered me to stop you. But I don't care about such an order. Right now..."
Lycoris: "Right now! I hate those who turned you into this. And I also hate you, Aoi, for not resisting it and becoming manipulated, I say!!"
Lycoris: "Why are you following them? Why don't you resist? Why don't you think with your own head, I say!?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Haah, haah...anyway, Aoi. I am going to stop you. I won't go easy on you!"
Aoi: "......"
*Aoi hates vampires. According to her story, so does Lycoris.*
*I want to stop things from getting more complicated, but now I'm becoming a vampire.*
*What I must do is...take an approach that will not allow them to destroy their relationship any further. In other words, quickly settle this case.*
*I must do this to win her trust and for my pride. I can't make her feel she has a debt to pay.*
*The right to tread on the friendship between Aoi and Lycoris belongs only to them!*
*Think and calm down. Soon Calen and Mari will join me. Until then...*
Shuma: "Aoi! Lycoris!!"
*I've reached the forest. Two shadows are flying around and crossing each other.*
Lycoris: "Aoiiiiiiiii!!!"
Aoi: "......"
*While they relentlessly cross the edges of their blades, Lycoris is enraged more than usual, but Aoi isn't showing any emotion at all in her eyes.*
Shuma: "Damn...! Aoi IS being manipulated by something else...!"
*For the good of everyone, including myself. Now is not the time to sit back and relax. I can't while something stands between them, preventing them from settling things!*
Shuma: "Stop!!"
Lycoris: "Shuma!?"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Waaaaagh!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk! You came to interrupt me, Shuma!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "No, I didn't come to interrupt. I came to stop you..."
*I say so and slowly turn my back to Lycoris...*
Shuma: "...You, Aoi."
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Huh...!? Maybe, Shuma, do you know everything!?"
Shuma: "No, I don't. I just know that Aoi is being manipulated by some thing... And that 'thing' is both our enemy."
Lycoris: "...Hann. It's very quick-witted for you, Shuma. I praise you for sniffing out where we are."
Shuma: "Well, the GPS on Aoi's phone told me that part."
*Thanks to Sakurako, who sent a text and confirmed Aoi had her phone, I was able to use the GPS that Aoi was using before, to get here.*
Lycoris: "Well, you are smart. But that has nothing to do with this. At the very least, I'm gonna settle things with that one, the one who is manipulating Aoi...and with my own hands, I say!
Lycoris: "So, Shuma, I won't let you interrupt, I say. More than that, why don't you help these people around here?"
Shuma: "Eh!?"
*Her words startle me and I look around while leaving no point unguarded.*
*I see shadows of the people falling down on the ground.*
Shuma: "...Did you do this?"
Lycoris: "If you think so, it's okay for you to think so. But no matter what you think, it has nothing to do with me, I say."
Shuma: "I see. It was Aoi..."
*To be precise, the thing manipulating Aoi did it. It appears the people on the ground have had their life force removed and have lost consciousness, but their lives seem not to have been taken away.*
Lycoris: "There, go and help those humans now. Master Pumila and I may take life force away from humans, but we don't uproot crops in a field."
Lycoris: "But that thing is different. That thing uproots it all. Human lives are in danger, I say."
Shuma: "...Right."
*Facing it, I can sense it well enough. Aoi, no, the eyes from Aoi's body which that thing has taken over, turn to me.*
*They look just like those of a cold-blooded animal. I'm confronting it, but it looks at me with no emotion as if I was nothing but a rock in it's line of sight.*
*I want to save the people on the ground, but if I look away, I might be killed. Under this threat, I cannot move very easily.*
Lycoris: "Don't take chances, I say. Shuma. I will kill this thing. I must do it."
Shuma: "...How can I back down after hearing that?"
*Lycoris' words are far more determined than usual.*
*She has a tremendous hatred for the fact that Aoi has been take over and for that thing which took her. She pays no attention to me as I turn back to her. She only focuses on that thing with murderous intent.*
Shuma: "So, I'll help you."
Lycoris: "...Huh? Sleep-talking is only for when you're asleep. This is my prey. And are you just going to abandon those humans?"
Shuma: "For them...they will come soon..."
Calen: "Shuma-san!!"
Mari: "Master!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk...here comes another interruption. Why are you getting in my way? Is Aoi so important to you? Aoi who's been taken over by it?"
Shuma: "Calen! Mari!!"
*I ignore Lycoris and shout at them as they're running toward me.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!? Aoi-san, Lycoris-san, also!?"
Mari: "But, Master, why are you standing on Lycoris-san's side and pointing your sword at Aoi-san!? Master, did you betray her!?"
Shuma: "I'll explain it later! You two, help the people on the ground!"
Calen: "Eh...? Oh, true. A few of them are dying."
Mari: "B-but, Master!?"
Shuma: "Please!!!"
Mari: "A-aw...understood..."
Calen: "It cannot be helped since it is your wish, Shuma-san. You must explain this to me properly later."
Shuma: "Yeah...sorry. Please."
Lycoris: "...Shuma Embroche. What are you thinking...?"
Shuma: "Probably, the same thing as you."
Lycoris: "...!!"
*I want to bring Aoi back. I have a hatred for the thing manipulating Aoi too, even though it's not as strong as Lycoris'.*
*More than anything, I cannot forgive the current situation that's disrupting the friendship between Aoi and Lycoris, who are disagreeing dreadfully but still thinking of each other.*
Lycoris: "*Sigh*. I don't understand what you are thinking at all. Shuma Embroche. I don't understand you any more than Master Pumila."
Shuma: "Sorry. But humans are like that, don't you think?"
Lycoris: "...I've become a vampire so I don't understand."
Shuma: "Well...still, it's like that, isn't it?"
*Even though she talks like this, it is obvious that Lycoris is thinking about Aoi. So, I swallow down my needless retort without objecting.*
Lycoris: "...I don't understand, but if you insist that much, I can let you help me kill this thing―this God that the Rubina worships, I say. Are you prepared for that?
Shuma: "What...!? The thing manipulating Aoi is her god...?"
Lotus: "I see. That explains things. No wonder the quality of life force is different. He is a contrasting existence to us."
Lycoris: "If you are not prepared, leave now."
Shuma: "...No, if the enemy is God, I'm a vampire. I have no issue with destroying him."
Lotus: "Yes. Well-said, my son. I suppose you are having more awareness as a progenitor."
Shuma: "Just, I don't like that he is handling Aoi as if she were a doll."
Lotus: "Oh. I didn't see that coming. Well, that's fine because it's just like you."
Lycoris: "*Chuckle*. Your reason to go against God is not like a vampire's. But I don't dislike it! Shuma! Let's go, I say!"
Shuma: "Yeah! We're gonna take back Aoi!"
Lycoris: "Only this time, I say!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Waaaaagh!!"
Lycoris: "Seyaaaaah!!!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
Lycoris: "Tsk!"
Aoi: "......."
*Eh? What? Did Aoi move strangely for a second? It seems something startled her.*
Lycoris: "Not yet!!"
Aoi: "Ugh...!"
Lycoris: "Eh!? Hey, don't dodge me, I say!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*And without giving a glance to Lycoris, Aoi nimbly dodges a big scythe strike and charges straight at me...*
Aoi: "......!"
Shuma: "...! Ha!"
*Why!? Why did she ignore Lycoris and charge at me!?*
Lycoris: "Cut it out, I say! Are you afraid of me!?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Damn you! Moving about so restlessly...!"
*What was it? What was that move? Why toward me...?*
Lycoris: "You look weak, so you've become the target! Don't get in my way, I say!"
Shuma: "You might be saying that! But I don't really know why!"
Lycoris: "You don't need to know why! Right now, only the fact that it's taking aim at you means something! Once understood, be a decoy quietly, I say!!"
Shuma: "Y-you say decoy but...w-wait!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Me again!?"
Lycoris: "Here's my chance! Aoi! I'm gonna release you know, I say!!"
Aoi: "...!!"
Lycoris: "Ah! Damn! Dodged again!!"
Shuma: "Not yet!!"
Lycoris: "Shuma!?"
*With all my strength, I bring down Deesse Morte on Aoi who avoided Lycoris' attack and is losing her balance before my eyes!*
Aoi: "Ugh!!"
Shuma: "Damn, it's blocked..."
*...? Huh...I have this feeling that something's wrong...*
Lycoris: "I can do it, Shuma. Currently, Aoi is just a doll. The only way left to release Aoi, is to kill her."
Lycoris: "So, we're going to kill her...for her. It won't mean anything if you ineffectively go easy on her, will it?"
Shuma: "No, wait a minute. I can suck up Aoi's life force. So I'll be sucking up God's life force too, the one manipulating her."
Lycoris: "This is why I'm calling you soft. This is the rotten bastard who turned Aoi into a doll, but somehow he has the name 'God'. It's impossible for you to suck out all that life force.
Lycoris: "It's not possible for Master Pumila, either. So...the only way to save Aoi is to kill her."
Shuma: "Lycoris..."
*Surprisingly Lycoris' hands holding the scythe are not shaking a bit. Normally if you declare to kill your friend, whatever reason is on your side, you can't stop your hands from shaking. But Lycoris doesn't make the slightest move.*
*To kill her best friend as the only way to save her. She is ready for it from the bottom of her heart.*
Shuma: "...There is still a chance!"
*For this reason, I don't want her to do it!*
Lycoris: "As I said, you are soft, Shuma, a vampire wannabe. It's not too late so please go home and suckle your mom's tits, I say. You are in my way."
Shuma: "Give me one chance."
Lycoris: "Huh? I said you are in my way..."
Shuma: "I will succeed without fail..."
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "Without fail. I can do one thing Iris cannot."
*There is something only I, who connected deeply with Aoi, can do. I cannot give up on trying this. If Lycoris is determined to kill her, I'm determined to not give up.*
Lycoris: "...One time only, I say. If you fail, I will kill Aoi and kill you too. Is it okay!?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Kill me if that happens. But I'm gonna definitely succeed!"
Lycoris: "So, what should I do?"
Shuma: "I'm gonna get as close as I can to Aoi, so attack right at that moment."
Lycoris: "...Is it really okay?"
Shuma: "No problem. Do it."
Lycoris: "Understood, I say. I'll really do it. I won't listen to you complain."
Shuma: "Bring it on! Let's go!!"
Aoi: "......!"
Lycoris: "Ugh! Now you attack me this time, I say!?"
Lycoris: "No! You're attacking Shuma!?"
*Aoi's attack on Lycoris is actually a pretense. As they cross, Aoi blocks the big scythe with her dagger and continues toward me at full speed.*
Shuma: "Come! Aoi!!"
*I hold Deesse Morte, aiming at Aoi's face in order to approach her as close as possible!*
Shuma: "...!?"
*What...!? Deesse Morte is heavy!? Why!?*
Aoi: "―――!"
Shuma: "Waaaagh!!"
*The unexpected weight delays my start, but I somehow manage to keep Deesse Morte aimed at Aoi as I step in to her twin dagger!*
Aoi: "...!!"
Shuma: "Gwooooh!?"
*What's this!? Deesse Morte is getting heavier and heavier. Aoi's attack seems to be removing power form Deesse Morte...but!!*
Shuma: "Waaaaaagh!!!"
*With a yell coming from my whole body, I take one more step! The distance from Aoi becomes more or less zero!!*
Shuma: "Lycoris!!!"
Lycoris: "I know it!!!!"
Aoi: "!!"
*In the moment, Aoi swiftly twists her body, which breaks our power competition and I lean forward. There, I see Lycoris' big scythe that Aoi has barely dodged...!*
Lycoris: "Shuma!!"
Shuma: "As I planned! Disperse!!!"
Aoi: "...?"
Lycoris: "What!? Shuma became a mist!?"
*I've been waiting for this. The situation...Aoi loses her balance and cannot quickly jump back. At super point-blank range, I hang on to Aoi in mist form!*
Shuma: "Aoi!!!"
Aoi: "...?"
*As a mist, I take possession of Aoi.*
Shuma: "Get out of Aoi...!!"
*And I start sucking out life force!*
Aoi: "...!?!?"
Lycoris: "You became a mist...and you're sucking out life force, aren't you...?"
*The sex I had with Aoi in mist form was truly something like ignoring our bodies and directly connecting to each other's life force and soul.*
*So I thought, if I become a mist and suck her life force, I should be able to suck up even God's life force, that's caked to the bottom of Aoi, and uproot it completely!*
Aoi: "Gah...gaaaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "It's working!?"
Shuma: "Aoi, come back! Don't lose to this bastard! You are not to be controlled so easily, right!!"
*As I keep sucking, the feeling which makes me want to thrash around spreads through my body. This is a taste of life force. Not Aoi's. God's life force living in her.*
*Damn...I've never tasted such a terrible life force. Many times yuckier than Sakurako's. But I cannot give up sucking.*
Aoi: "Gaaaaah!!!!"
Shuma: "Get out...! You, rotten bastard...!"
Aoi: "Gagagaaaah...Sh-Shuma...gagaah, Lyco, ris...!"
Lycoris: "Almost, I say! Shuma!"
Shuma: "Get...out of...my Aoi!"
Aoi: "GAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!"
Lycoris: "Done...? You did it! You've done it, Shuma!!"
Shuma: "Ah, aah..."
*Slowly I transform back to my original body...*
Shuma: "Ugh...ugeeeeeeeee..."
*This life force that's too terrible makes me crouch on the spot and vomit.*
Lycoris: "Eww. Why are you throwing up? You just successfully chased out that bastard from Aoi."
Shuma: "Ugee...kaha, haah, haa...no choice. God's life force is not just yucky, but more like poison to me...ugee..."
*But...anyway, I chased that bastard out of Aoi. I can relax for the time being...*
Lycoris: "Well, alright. Whatever your condition is, my job won't change, Shuma."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*After she says this, the tip of Lycoris' big scythe points at my throat as I'm on all fours.*
Calen: "Lycoris-san!?"
Mari: "Master!!"
Lycoris: "Don't move, I say."
Shuma: "Shoot..."
*Lycoris yells at Calen and Mari who have been looking after the people on the ground. Now both of them cannot move.*
Lycoris: "Truly, you are soft. Too soft. I think it's admirable you saved Aoi, but you went the long way around and sacrificed too much. It's inefficient."
Shuma: "Ugh...s-so what? This is my way..."
Lycoris: "Because of your way, you are driven into a corner."
Lycoris: "If I move my hand just a little, your head will be cut off, because you consumed your own life force to suck out God's and now you can't move."
Lycoris: "Is that what you wished for?"
Shuma: "Ugh...what I wished was to save Aoi..."
Lycoris: "Even that, you didn't need to have such a hard time. Shuma. If you had only awakened as the progenitor."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Certain, it is as she says. But I...*
Lycoris: "Now you are at death's door. That's no surprise. You sucked a large amount of God's life force."
Lycoris: "As you said, for us, that's nothing but poison. Moreover, deadly poison. There might not be anymore saving you. But if you had been a progenitor, you would have had no issue."
Lycoris: "So"
Shuma: "...?"
Lycoris: "...Aphid"
Aphid: "Kii"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Aphid has produced another red fruit. She will increase her power with that fruit. Truly, I've been driven into a corner...*
Lycoris: "This is a forbidden fruit. We added more collected life force to the fruit which was previously refined. The one you and I ate. Then, we re-refined the whole thing once again. This..."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Somehow I must come up with a way to break out of this situation...if nothing comes up, think...!*
Lycoris: "This...this is for you to eat. Shuma."
Shuma: "Eh?"
*But Lycoris' voice brings totally unexpected words to my ears.*
Lycoris: "Eat this and awaken as a progenitor right now. If you do that, I will achieve my goal and I won't need to kill you, Shuma."
Lycoris: "You can easily blow away the influence of God's life force. So eat, I say."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Is she trying to save me? Or is her main goal to make me awaken as a progenitor, and as a result I will be saved? No, that is not an issue. The issue is...*
Shuma: "......"
*The issue is whether I accept being a progenitor and completely quit being a human.*
*As it is, I may die in this worst-case scenario. By God's life force or Lycoris' scythe, I don't know which has less possibility of killing me.*
Lycoris: "Do it now, Shuma. Before it's too late."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*What am I going to do? What should I do...!?*
Shuma: "Ugh... I..."
Lycoris: "Decide quickly. If you don't..."
Lycoris: "Eek!?"
Shuma: "What...?"
*In this moment, a black lighting bolt runs before my eyes and violently knocks Lycoris away.*
Shuma: "Lycoris...! What!? You...!?"
*Replacing Lycoris and standing before me is the black shadow which attacked Aoi and me.*
*And in its hand, the red fruit Lycoris had just moments ago...*
Shadow: "――――"
Shuma: "Ah..."
*Without hesitation, the shadow eats the red fruit...absorbing it into it's body.*
Shadow: "―――!!!"
*Crap! Absorbing the fruit means...!!*
Lycoris: "What did you do! Give me back that fruit, I say!"
Shuma: "Lycoris! Stop."
Shadow: "――――!!"
Lycoris: "Eh...?"
Lycoris: "What!? This! Inside me...arrrrrgh!?"
Shuma: "Lycoris...!!"
*Damn! Come on body, move!! It's not time to be losing out to God's life force!!*
Lycoris: "Wgaaaaaaah!?!?"
Calen: "Lycoris-san!?"
Mari: "What is this anyway!? What's happening!?"
Lycoris: "Gaaaaaaaaah!!!!"
*In the moment Lycoris screams loudest, something jumps out of her body contrary to before...*
Lycoris: "Aaaah..."
*Slowly Lycoris' roar dies down. But her transformation is very much bizarre.*
*Just moments ago, she raised piercing screams, but gradually as if in slow motion, she changes into a Lycoris who stands frozen with a blank look on her face.*
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "L, Lycoris..."
*Seeing her bizarre transformation makes my voice quiver. But Lycoris doesn't react to me at all.*
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "Ah! Lycoris!!"
*Without giving me a chance to tell her to stop, she flies away and disappears into the forest.*
Shuma: "Wha...what's happening...?"
Calen: "Shuma-san! Where is Lycoris-san!?"
Mari: "Master! I'll cure you now!"
Shuma: "I'm fine...take care of Aoi...ugh...I can bear this..."
*I am thankful for my strong body. God's life force is a poison to vampires, but I feel grateful for my luck that I have enough physical strength to endure it somehow.*
Mari: "Un...understood. But once I finish Aoi-san, you are next, Master!"
*Mari obeys my words without objecting and rushes over to treat Aoi who's fallen.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, you have been too reckless...now you are like this."
Shuma: "More than that...I must go after...Lycoris..."
Calen: "With this body, that is reckless!"
Iris/???: "She is right. You did behave quite recklessly. Thanks to you, my plan was spoiled."
Shuma: "!?"
Calen: "That voice!?"
*In front of me, while I'm still on all fours and thinking about things, I get goosebumps all over when something slowly rises up as if it's growing from the ground.*
Iris/???: "Do not be so on guard. I have no time to waste now. I have no intention of confronting you."
Calen: "Is this voice, Lady Pumila!?"
Shuma: "Eh!? Are you Iris!?"
Iris: "I am sending my voice through Ladybug. In any case, Lycoris was taken over by him...how vexing."
Shuma: "W-what are you saying, Iris...!"
Iris: "It is not "what". Because you and Lycoris relaxed your guard, the dead, who dare to call themselves God, gather their strength."
Shuma: "What, eh...? God, the dead...?"
Iris: "Time is too precious to explain this. I'll say it only once, so listen carefully and remember it well."
Iris: "The true identity of the one the Rubina call God and worship, is mere remnants of the vanguard from another world, who once defied us three clans. We called them... the Enosh."
Iris: "Even after they became a thought-only existence, they remained in this world. It is presumptuous of them to call themselves a god..."
*The last is not an explanation but a grumble, isn't it?*
*Iris' monologue continues.*
Iris: "Let me see. First you should know about the existence of another world. In a different dimension from this world, the world "Derniere" exists."
Iris: "I am omitting the fine details of this explanation, but Derniere had become a world of death filled with stagnant life force."
Iris: "If we had left it as is, this world would have been adversely affected by the life force flowing from Derniere. So, the first Officinalis, Embroche and I put up a barrier."
Iris: "The barrier is maintained only by the life force contained within the progenitors of the three clans. For this reason, two other families succeeded to become progenitors after heads of their families changed. In other words, the three progenitors must all be present."
Iris: "And as of now, one of the progenitors who maintains the barrier is missing. A rift is beginning to appear in the wall between this world and Derniere. The result is what happened to Lycoris earlier."
Iris: "Do you understand this far?"
Shuma: "Well..."
*I somehow try to understand this massive amount of information.*
First is the existence of another world: Derniere. This place sounds ruined, but for some reason, it seems to be having a bad influence on this world.
*And the existence of the barrier. The barrier has been put up to prevent interference from Derniere. I don't know what kind of thing it is. To maintain it, three progenitors are required.*
*Lastly, the existence of enemies. Since one progenitor is missing and the so-called barrier cannot be maintained, Enosh, I suppose, is now possessing Lycoris' body through one of his shadows.*
Shuma: "Something like this."
Iris: "It is right by and large. And so, you must be keenly aware of your own cowardice."
Shuma: "What...?"
Iris: "The state of affairs has progressed this far as a result of your stubborn refusal to become a progenitor."
Shuma: "Oh..."
*The three progenitors must all be present?*
*Who are the progenitors? Iris, Calen's father and...one more...*
Lotus: "......"
*Me? No, I want to stay being human...and up to now I've done my best...*
Calen: "Please wait, Lady Pumila."
Shuma: "......"
Iris: "Mm?"
*Remorse flooding into mind is halted by Calen's raised voice.*
Calen: "The importance of the progenitors. If one is a vampire, or in the bloodline of the three clans, of course it should be known. However, this is because it is an aspect of being a great ruler."
Calen: "I did not know the existence of another world nor the role of the progenitors."
Iris: "You parade your ignorance as such, then what do you want to say?"
Calen: "Lady Pumila, why did you tell us this now after so long a time? It is rather like playing your janken hand a little late.
Iris: "......"
*"Even I, thought that someday I must become a progenitor. For the sake of reviving the Embroche family as Mari says, or as an engagement to Calen."*
*Just, I needed mental preparedness and I wanted to cherish my time being human.*
*If I had known becoming a progenitor is such a big deal...I wonder if things would have changed a little.*
Iris: "Oops...Ladybug's life force is about to be exhausted."
Shuma: "She evaded."
Lotus: "She did."
Calen: "Indeed she did."
Iris: "Anyway, I've given you information about the enemy. What you do next is up to you."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*Suddenly the light released by Ladybug envelopes me. Then my body immediately becomes lighter.*
Iris: "As a farewell gift, I removed Derniere's life force from you. If you intend to awaken as a progenitor, do it quickly. Otherwise, prepare yourself."
Shuma: "Iris...!"
*I call out to stop her. Ladybug's body turns into glistening light fragments, collapses and disappears.*
Calen: "...Lady Pumila is selfish. She is the one who meddled around with things."
Shuma: "Well, that's true but...good. I can stand!"
*My body becomes completely light and I'm finally able to stand up.*
Shuma: "If what Iris said is true, our immediate enemies are from another world..."
Shuma: "Until I know how to become a progenitor, our actions won't change anything."
*While receiving Mari's treatment, I look over at Aoi who hasn't opened her eyes yet.*
*Her wish is to rescue Lycoris. I must give priority to that.*
*The problem is whether I'm able to convince Aoi that our enemy could be her "God"...*
Shuma: "Anyway, let's go home for today."
*I piggyback Aoi who doesn't wake up, and make my way toward home.*
====================E-AO03_01.TXT====================
*That was during the time when I was still young and innocent...the last memory of my parents.*
Aoi: "Daddy, Mommy, is this a foreign country?"
Father: "Right. The country called Racronia."
Aoi: "Rac...? Nothing's here."
Father: "Look carefully. There is a forest. It's full of nature and the air is delicious, too. It's very different from our crowded Japan."
Mother: "I was worried because our first trip abroad was to a small country I'd never heard of, but this is a picturesque and wonderful place."
Aoi: "A little bird! Daddy, Mommy, there's a little bird over there."
Father: "Oh, hey, Aoi, if you keep running around like that without looking where you're going, you're gonna fall down."
Aoi: "I'm okay...eep?!"
Aoi: "Ah...*whine*!"
Father: "There, I told you so."
Aoi: "It hurts...*cry*!"
Mother: "Aoi, are you okay? There, don't cry. You are such a cry baby. Here, stand up."
Aoi: "*Sniffle sniffle*...Mommy..."
Mother: "Here, pain pain, fly away. There, now you are okay."
Aoi: "*Sniffle*...yes."
Mother: "Now let's go holding hands so that you won't fall down."
Aoi: "Yes♪"
**Sparkle sparkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: "Mm? Mommy, what is it?"
Mother: "What, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Mommy, you called my name, right?"
Mother: "No, I didn't."
Aoi: "What? But someone called my name."
**Sparkle sparkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: "Ah, here again. Who are you?"
**Sparkle sparkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: "Eh, God? Are you God?"
Mother: "Aoi, what are you talking about?"
Father: "...What? What's this light shining on Aoi...?"
Aoi: "Daddy and Mommy can't hear him? See, this sparkling thing is God."
Aoi: "Oh, God, wait, where are you?"
Mother: "No, wait, Aoi."
Father: "Where are you going, Aoi?"
Aoi: "God? God? Where are you?"
Aoi: "Well, he's not here. Where did he go?"
Aoi: "Hey, Daddy, Mommy, where is..."
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Daddy? Mommy?"
Aoi: "...Where am I?"
Aoi: "Daddy! Mommy! Where are you?!"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "*Whimper*...*cry*...Daddy? Mommy?"
Father: "Aoi!! Where are you?!"
Aoi: "――!! Daddy!! Mommy!!"
Mother: "There she is!! Aoi!! I told you, you cannot wander around."
Aoi: "?!"
Mother: "*Squeal*?! W-what is this?!"
Father: "M-monster?!"
Mother: "Eek?!"
Aoi: "Mo...mmy?"
Father: "Whoa?!"
Aoi: "Da...ddy?"
Aoi: "Daddy, Mommy, what's wrong? Hey, Daddy! Mommy!"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Eep?! No, no...don't...come...!"
Shadow: "――――"
Aoi: "...Eh?"
Aoi: "...Is it...gone...?"
Rubina Member A: "Here she is, the girl! Exactly as our Lord said!"
Rubina Member B: "Poor thing, your parents killed by vampires. You must be scared. But don't worry. The Lord and us, we are your family from today."
*That was the beginning of the current me...and everything.*
*................*
*.........*
Aoi: "Dream... I had that dream...again."
*The nightmare about the time my parents were killed by vampires...I had it every night and cried out when I was small.*
Aoi: "Bad dream...it almost never comes anymore."
*Soon after, I was protected by the Rubina members who had received a message from God about a girl, a sole surviver, whose parents were killed by vampires.*
*I had become all alone in the world, so was taken to an orphanage run by the Rubina and came to live with children under similar circumstances.*
*And they taught me of the existence of vampires and the Rubina, the organization who's members risk their lives to slay those monsters.*
Aoi: "Elite agents who can communicate with God..."
*Starting from the headquarters in the Holy See, they have many branches all over the world. If we include associate members like cadets and private collaborators, the Rubina is a fairly big organization.*
*But not everyone can hear God's voice. Including me, there are only a few who can communicate with Him.*
*So I was welcomed and celebrated.*
*And...I was asked and whispered to many times, "Don't you want revenge for your parents?"*
*Since an early age, the ways to use weapons were thoroughly hammered into my head. Also, the methods of fighting monsters started with vampires, their characteristics and weaknesses.*
*I came to find the meaning and significance of surviving alone for my own self. And before I realized it, that meaning grew stronger through a bond among agents of the same generation.*
*Above all else, however hard it was, I had spiritual support.*
*God, who answered when I addressed Him, was closer to me than anybody else and He was a special existence to me, like a boss and a substitute parent...*
*The agitation and sense of guilt I experienced when I killed a vampire on my first duty was erased and I felt saved because God commended me. I was happy He praised me. That's why I could work hard until today.*
*The center of my world became Him before I realized it.*
*When Lycoris and I were charged with an important task of slaying the vampire progenitors, I was very proud as I thought I was trusted and counted on by Him.*
*Despite this...*
Aoi: "...Haha, stupid..."
Aoi: "That time, the vampire that didn't kill only me...was definitely laughing at the end..."
Aoi: "Why didn't I notice until now...? That wasn't a vampire at all!"
Shuma: "Oh, it's just you."
*I wake up later than usual and show my face in the kitchen to find only Mari cooking breakfast.*
Mari: "Good morning, Master. So you skipped training and instead slept in this morning."
Shuma: "I couldn't get up. Maybe I'm still tired from yesterday."
Lotus: "The situation changed again and again and it was hectic. Not only physically but also mentally. You were exhausted more than you thought."
*Mentally, I guess...*
Mari: "It's also that you haven't sucked decent life force. Would you like some? *Slurp*."
Shuma: "Thanks, but no thanks."
*Mari points to her neck and offers it, but there is a thing I want to check before that.*
Shuma: "How is Aoi?"
Mari: "When I got up, she was still sleeping. If you are worried, please go and check her yourself. I'm in the middle of cooking and cannot leave."
Shuma: "Right. If she's still sleeping, we should just let her take a day off from school and sleep in."
Shuma: "Aoi, I'm coming in."
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Shuma: "You are up. How are you, and how is your body feeling?"
Aoi: "My body is...let's see...I have a few places that hurt but it's not so bad."
Aoi: "My mood is...the worst, in many ways."
Shuma: "I see..."
Aoi: "Oh no, why are you giving such a docile expression? It doesn't suit you, it's not like you."
Shuma: "Yeah, right."
*The face of Aoi, who teases me and laughs, is not really laughing at all. It looks more painful or, rather, so fragile that it might break if I touch it...*
*Is she truly that Aoi? I can't believe my eyes.*
*But this can't be helped...considering what happened to her.*
Shuma: "......"
*Hmm...crap. I wonder if I should tell that to Aoi while she is like this.*
Aoi: "...What? Your face says you have something to tell me."
Shuma: "Yeah, about that, what should I say...?"
Aoi: "Is it a difficult thing to tell me?"
Shuma: "Yeah...it's a kind of story which makes your already worst feeling worse."
Aoi: "I see. That's something I don't want to hear right now."
*But I cannot not tell her and I don't think I can keep it secret from her...*
Aoi: "It's already bad, so I'll go all the way down to the bottom in one fall. After that, the only thing left is to go up."
Shuma: "I see. I can't hide it from you so I'll tell you."
Aoi: "Yes, do."
Shuma: "Brace yourself and listen. Actually..."
*I sum up and explain what happened to Lycoris after Aoi lost consciousness. Also about Derniere and Enosh, the true identity of God, the progenitors and the barrier which Iris told me about.*
Aoi: "......"
*I expected she would be more surprised, scream or get violent during my explanation but she remains quiet with her head down as if she were bearing something.*
Shuma: "...That is the case."
Aoi: "......"
*I would be much more relieved if she had become violent...*
Shuma: "...I mean, are you alright?"
Aoi: "...Yes, I am. Thank you for telling me."
*Her voice and clenched fists are both shaking. She looks far from okay.*
*But what should I say to console her at a time like this...?*
*All the words coming to my mind are so common and safe that I hesitate to say them...*
*Contrary to cheering up Aoi, I might rub her the wrong way. This makes me unbearably impatient.*
Shuma: "If you like, why don't you take a break from school today and relax at home. You need time to sort things out, don't you?"
*After I wrecked my brain, all I can say are these words. They are the best I can offer.*
Aoi: "...No, I'm alright. I'll go."
Aoi: "Because we have an issue with Lycoris and nothing has been finished."
Shuma: "I see...right."
Shuma: "Alright, let's beat him up together, that bastard pretending to be God. I'll join forces with you full-scale. Let's rescue Lycoris."
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Aoi: "If you are so gentle, I..."
Shuma: "Huh? What did you say?"
Aoi: "I said I'll do my best not to make such a scene this time, so work hard with me."
Shuma: "Oh, you can count on me."
Aoi: "Yup...so go ahead. I'm gonna change quickly and come out."
Shuma: "Okay. But don't overstrain yourself."
Shuma: "Phew..."
*I was really nervous for some reason and got really tired.*
Mari: "Welcome back. How was she?"
Shuma: "Oh, she was up. I also told her everything."
Mari: "Aaah... I didn't hear the sound of violence or anger, which means..."
Shuma: "Yeah, it was pretty hard for her."
Shuma: "She tried to behave normally, but it was so obvious that she was depressed."
Mari: "It's understandable because the god she believed in isn't a god at all. In fact, she was deceived and used."
Mari: "For someone in the Rubina, it's equivalent to an identity crisis collapse and the world turning upside down."
Shuma: "I guess so. Because of that, I didn't know what kind of face to make or what things to say."
Mari: "That is easy. You need to be very gentle from the bottom of your heart."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Mari: "What are you surprised about?"
Shuma: "Well, because it's like, you didn't always like her.
Mari: "Because now we know the true identity of God, Master and I have no reason to oppose Aoi."
Shuma: "Yeah, true. It's exactly that."
*I'm surprised.*
*Because Mari, she already hates humans, and on top of that, Aoi is a Rubina agent. Mari had put up a subtle wall, or had drawn a line between them. She was associating with Aoi only at a distance...*
*I cannot believe that Mari is worried about Aoi this much and actually tells me to be gentle with her.*
*It's touching.*
Mari: "If you take advantage of her, now is your chance. Right now a little gentleness will make her fall for you. You should be really gentle and make her totally love you."
Shuma: "Yeah, Mari is Mari. Give me back that touching feeling."
Mari: "Master, you're so sweet. I know you like Aoi-san."
Shuma: "What...! I-I've never said anything like that."
Mari: "It's so obvious."
Mari: "Recently, except for the times when you're saving victims, you suck blood and replenish life force only from Aoi-san."
Mari: "It is like Aoi-san's blood is so delicious that you don't want to drink my blood anymore."
Shuma: "No, that was, just I wanted to check Aoi's condition first. Your blood is really delicious, too."
Mari: "Yes, yes. Thank you very much. You don't need to worry about me now."
Mari: "Anyway, like the progenitor you are, let's make her yours."
Mari: "She will surely fall deeply for you and become your mistress quite easily."
Lotus: "Well, that is a good idea."
Shuma: "You're saying the same thing too, Dad? I'm disappointed in you."
Mari: "Yes?"
Shuma: "Oh, no, nothing."
Lotus: "It's a no-brainer, it is nothing but good. To begin with, it is a man's duty to heal a girl's broken heart."
Shuma: "Even so, I don't think it's right for men to take advantage of girls with broken hearts."
Mari: "You can look at it in your own way and realize people will have different opinions, so ignore it."
*Hey, hey, don't put it so simply.*
Mari: "First of all, it is beneficial for you to make Aoi-san yours, more than ever before."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Mari: "Up to now, even though you were enemies, you worked together as a last resort because you share the goal of rescuing Lycoris-san. But that doesn't mean you've become mates."
Mari: "I don't know about you, Master, but Aoi-san must have drawn such a line."
Shuma: "Right."
Lotus: "Certainly, you came to understand each other a little recently and were able to coordinate closely, but as Maritima says, after all, you two are bitter enemies in the same boat, working together temporarily."
Lotus: "If nothing has happened after all is settled, Aoi could end up hunting you for the rest of her life, and she would undergo emotional conflict and suffering from trying to kill you, with whom she became so close."
*Now that we've become this close, this could easily happen to Aoi.*
Mari: "But, since this has happened, there is less meaning for Aoi-san to stay in the Rubina. On the contrary, it wouldn't be strange if she becomes suspicious of the Rubina or hates them."
Lotus: "It seems her position in the Rubina was already beginning to become compromised. In any case, it won't be as it used to."
Shuma: "I guess so. If Aoi's feelings still do not change, that means Aoi is an amazing person in a different way."
Mari: "If it's like that, I'd be surprised all the more. I don't think I could be friends with such a person."
Mari: "Anyway, not limited to Aoi-san, but even the Rubina. If they consider the barrier, they had better join hands with the progenitors and form a vampire camp to save humans and the world."
Mari: "If I persuade Aoi from that angle, I think we can become real friends this time."
Mari: "Above all, if Aoi-san persuades the Rubina, if not possible immediately but someday, we can be friends with both humans and the Rubina."
Shuma: "Oh, that sounds really great."
*If that happens, it is possible that no one will care about the difference between vampires and humans.*
Mari: "Master, now that you know you are the keystone of the barrier, you cannot get away with just saying you don't want to be killed."
Mari: "The more trusted collaborators you have, the better."
Shuma: "It's reassuring for me too if Aoi properly comes to our side."
Mari: "So, including all these things, pulling Aoi-san away from the Rubina and drawing her to us, we now have more of a reason."
Shuma: "Surely you have a valid point..."
Mari: "I do, don't I?"
Shuma: "Yeah, it sounds really attractive."
Mari: "So from that..."
Mari: "It doesn't matter which method you use."
Mari: "Whether you mesmerize her, dominate her, or take advantage of her, let's make Aoi-san yours for sure."
Mari: "With this, you can drink your mistress' delicious blood all you want and have sex with her anytime you wish. See, see, one good thing after another."
Shuma: "Oh, sure...no, no, we must choose the right method."
Lotus: "But it is well worth considering."
Lotus: "If you become a progenitor and she is your mistress, there will be no issue with your teamwork."
Lotus: "The mastermind revealed his identity and made a move. That suggests the battle will be harder than ever."
Lotus: "In this case, as the ones who share the same goal, it is essential to strengthen your unity. There is no reason to hesitate if replenishment of life force also is considered."
*Right.*
*Until now I haven't had enough power, but still I managed to get by somehow.*
*...Or so I thought. But actually, I was doing nothing more than dancing on the palm of Iris' hand.*
*As it is, I will have no chance of winning for sure.*
Shuma: "But the method..."
Lotus: "If you are a man, don't grumble and just do it."
Mari: "As I said, it is simply a unique way to look at things or a difference of opinions."
Shuma: "That's important."
Mari: "Then, please sugarcoat the words as you like so that you can agree to them. Either way, you'll do the same thing."
Mari: " 'I will protect you from now on, so become my mistress! Hug! Kiss!' is fine."
Shuma: "Don't say it so simply. If I make a pitch for a woman, it has to be smoother―"
Aoi: "What's 'smoother'?"
Shuma: "Oh, Aoi-san?! Are you up?!"
Aoi: "Eh? Yes, I told you I'll come after you, didn't I?"
Shuma: "O-oh! That's right, yes!"
Aoi: "Why are you getting rattled so much? You're not planning something bad, are you?"
Shuma: "No! I'm not!"
*She is sharp! But she seems not to have heard the important parts. Good, good.*
Shuma: "Now now, you've changed already. Let's go to school."
Aoi: "Eh? Hey, Shuma?"
*I push Aoi's back and walk to the entrance.*
Aoi: "Oops!"
Shuma: "Watch out!"
*I quickly grab Aoi who staggers and nearly falls down.*
Shuma: "Sorry. Are you alright?"
Aoi: "I'm sorry, too. I'm okay now. I got a little unsteady on my feet."
*At this point, if she is unsteady on her feet, she is not okay at all.*
Shuma: "I think you'd better take a rest today."
Aoi: "No, I'm fine. Thank you, Shuma."
Lotus: "This is a pretty good mood. Good, go now! Hug and kiss her!"
Mari: "Master, your chance has come!"
Shuma: "You! Outfielders, stay quiet!"
Aoi: "...?"
*On and on about this and that. I ignore Mari and Dad's disruption and go to school but...Calen picks a quarrel with me next.*
Calen: "I see. You had that sort of talk this morning."
Calen: "So your mind is filled with Aoi-san and I, who was still asleep, was buried in oblivion and left behind. That is what you say."
Shuma: "Forgetting or leaving you behind... It's not like that."
Calen: "Even if it is provisional, I am your fiancee. This would make my position untenable."
Shuma: "Oh, really. That's why I'm saying 'I'm sorry'. Please don't be angry."
Mari: "Lady Calen was hardly useful yesterday and she isn't standing ou―"
Calen: "Finger sna―"
Mari: "Eek!! I'm sorry!!"
Calen: "Phew, good gracious. Might as well, I will leave it at that."
Shuma: "It helps me if you do."
*As if she's put her feelings behind and moved on, Calen glances at Aoi.*
Calen: "By the way, I wonder what Aoi-san intends to do now?"
Shuma: "Yeah..."
*Mari and I look back at Aoi.*
Sakurako: "What's up, What's up? Aoi, you look kinda depressed today."
Aoi: "Sakurako, hey, it hurts! If you hit that hard, my back hurts!"
Sakurako: "I'm injecting spirit into you, injecting fire!"
*For some reason, Sakurako is picking on her.*
Sakurako: "At a time like this, scream, shout and go berserk."
Sakurako: "And when you get hungry, eat delicious things as much as you want, then crash and sleep like a log. I guarantee you'll feel refreshed, clean and cheer up!"
Aoi: "Re-really...?"
*Aoi looks too dumbfounded to be depressed. I understand the feeling well.*
Sakurako: "If you like, let's skip class now and go eat gyudon. How about a large bowl with extra sauce, an egg, miso soup, salad plus pickles? It's completely on me, too."
Aoi: "Good grief, we cannot skip class."
*This is Sakurako's way of cheering up a friend. She makes you happy but you don't know how to react, do you?*
Calen: "While we leave Aoi-san to Sakurako for the time being, we must think about future measures also."
Shuma: "Yeah. Now that the situation changed completely, we must sort things out and decide our future course."
Shuma: "We cannot talk about it openly in class, so let's discuss it during lunch break somewhere else."
*During the lunch break, except for Aoi whom Sakurako has dragged off by the neck somewhere, Mari, Calen and I gather in the courtyard.*
Shuma: "Well, let's start with sorting out the current situation."
Calen: "Now that we know the purpose of Lady Pumila was to make you, Shuma-san, awaken as a progenitor to strengthen the barrier, the story is simple."
Calen: "All will be done if you awaken as a progenitor, Shuma-san. That would be the end of it."
Mari: "It is so."
Shuma: "Ugh, well...that is true."
Mari: "What is it? You are not going to say you don't want to this late in the game, are you?"
Calen: "We are no longer in the situation in which all we needed to do was deal with Lady Pumila's meddling. We now also face the world in crisis. As long as this battle continues, I see no reason for you to hesitate."
Shuma: "That is."
Shuma: "The story's gotten so big that, like, it's not even hitting me, or like, it's too crazy to believe that we're being invaded from another world."
Lotus: "However, fact is fact. Accept your fate and don't say such things."
*I know that.*
*The period of time I was allowed to worry about it has already passed.*
*Because I hesitated to completely awaken as a progenitor, Lycoris...*
*So, I must make a decision.*
*But...even though they tell me to do it for the world, the story is too big to make up my mind so quickly.*
Calen: "Lady Pumila will no longer meddle. You will be able to eliminate Enosh, a threat to this world, almost entirely. You can fight with a progenitor's strong power..."
*Calen counts advantages with her fingers.*
Calen: "Mari, would you tell us the disadvantages?"
Mari: "None."
Shuma: "Yes, I understand, but don't gang up on me indirectly like that."
Mari: "Oops, it is obvious."
*Damn! As usual this maid doesn't consider her master as a master.*
Calen: "Oh, well. Please make up your mind before it is too late."
*Before it is too late...*
Mari: "This is enough sorting of the current situation, I think. The future's course is next."
Calen: "Now that she revealed her secret, it would be unlikely that Lady Pumila continues her meddling."
Lotus: "I agree. She will try to make you awaken as a progenitor for the barrier again but that will not be immediate."
Shuma: "Right. The mastermind revealed his identity and started making a move. It's stupid not to do something with him first."
Shuma: "The topic of what we're gonna do with Lycoris has switched to what we're gonna do with Enosh."
Shuma: "As for saving Lycoris, it's simply that the role of the manipulator has switched from Iris to Enosh."
Mari: "It means what is needed to be done hasn't changed after all."
Shuma: "Yeah."
Calen: "However, there is no comparison as far as risk is concerned."
Shuma: "Yeah, I know."
Calen: "In the end, as a progenitor―"
Shuma: "Don't bring the subject back up. I know that well."
Calen: "Well, now that we have finished sorting out the current situation and settled the future course, I would like to make one suggestion."
Shuma: "A suggestion? What is it?"
Calen: "Cut off Aoi-san, shall we?"
Shuma: "What?!"
Lotus: "Well, Calen-chan has made a quite bold move."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Calen: "Oh, no. Would you please not glare at me with such a horrifying face?"
Shuma: "You tell me we're gonna abandon Aoi while she's like this?!"
Calen: "Because the situation is like this."
Mari: "Oh...certainly, it is like, seeing her makes you nervous, and she obviously looks like a burden."
Shuma: "Hey Mari, you're saying the same thing too?!"
Shuma: "This morning you were telling me to take advantage of her and make her mine."
Mari: "I think that is the best, but what Lady Calen says makes sense, too. It is a feasible option."
Shuma: "But, even so...!"
Mari: "But Aoi-san is completely exhausted."
Shuma: "...She was completely used by him, God, the one she believed in. He betrayed her. It can't be helped if she is exhausted."
Calen: "Surely, I sympathize with her on that point. But sympathy is not enough for the future."
Lotus: "That is right. It will be for the best that you make her yours and she will join the fight, but if she refuses to, abandoning her is one option."
*Certainly, it is what everyone says.*
*However, it's not as if the reason for Aoi to fight is gone.*
Shuma: "She must rescue Lycoris. She will be able to fight for sure."
Lotus: "But with her still broken, I wonder how far she can fight."
Calen: "That is the goal for the immediate future and it will be done when you make is so. It is not a fundamental reason to fight."
Calen: "For Aoi, the fundamental reason to fight, in other words, the foundation which is the base, has collapsed."
Calen: "Under the circumstances she lost her strong point and support. No matter how much she stacks her feelings on her collapsed foundation, she will wobble and fall down in the end."
Calen: "If she drags us down because of it, she will put us at risk. I shall flatly refuse it."
*Calen is relentlessly harsh.*
*She is harsh but hitting the mark.*
Shuma: "That is...so, but..."
Shuma: "Then, it should be alright as long as I back up Aoi. Recently we came to work smoothly together, so we should be able to work it out."
*This is just hopeful speculation. Nothing but a sentimental argument.*
*I understand that, but I cannot stay quiet.*
Mari: "Will that really work out?"
Mari: "So far you could manage because Lady Pumila hasn't been trying to kill you, Master. But I wonder if your new enemies will go as easy on you as she has."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you are weak, so you will certainly end up looking after no one but yourself. Have you had room to back her ever?"
Shuma: "Uhhmmm..."
Lotus: "You will put Aoi herself at risk if you make her fight in that condition. Rather, it may be better for her to quietly stay at home."
Shuma: "But...can you tell her...not to go to save Lycoris, but instead to stay put?"
Calen: "As she remains in this state, we have no choice."
Shuma: "...!"
*Is it because I'm weak...?*
*Because I haven't gained the power as progenitor and I myself cannot fight in a satisfactory way...*
*Therefore, I can't protect Aoi so they tell me I should cut her off?*
Calen: "It would be a different story if we could mend Aoi-san's broken heart and have some new foundation ready for her. Under her current state, it cannot be helped..."
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "If it is difficult for you to mention it to her, I do not mind doing it myself."
Shuma: "What! It's not decided yet."
Shuma: "There must be some way, something...!"
Calen: "*Sigh*...it cannot be helped. In that case, we shall postpone making our decision."
Shuma: "...Yeah, please do that."
Calen: "However, we have not much time. The enemies will not wait. Please make your decision as soon as possible."
Shuma: "...I understand"
*Oh, shit...*
Shuma: "I'm gonna wash my face."
Mari: "Yes, please do."
*I feel uncomfortable in the room's heavy air and quickly leave.*
Shuma: "Phew...what am I going to do...?"
Mari: "Master is gone."
Calen: "I suppose so."
Mari: "He looks really depressed."
Calen: "It seems to be so."
Mari: "Because you said such mean things to him, Lady Calen."
Calen: "Well, how brazen you are to shift all the responsibility onto me, considering you noticed my intention along the way and went with it."
Mari: "Wow, Lady Calen! You can be an actress. That performance was Best Actress Awards worthy! Wouldn't it better for you to move to Hollywood?"
Calen: "You are trying to get rid of me while making a compliment. It is vexing."
Mari: "Oops, she saw through me."
Calen: "Setting my Best Actress Award aside, there is nothing left for Shuma-san but to encourage Aoi-san."
Calen: "We will never have enough fighting power and we would like to collect the information from Aoi-san who knows the enemies well. We will have trouble if she does not recover."
Mari: "If it goes well, he will awaken as a progenitor and if lucky, he will get his mistress."
Mari: "By the way, it's too late to say this after going along with you, but is it alright? You helped your rival in a difficult time."
Calen: "Shuma-san's feelings are not directed toward me now. It does not help anyone to meddle."
Mari: "That is brave. I don't dislike that kind of attitude."
Calen: "The rest is up to Shuma-san. I wish he would show us his manhood."
*After school, I walk up Aoi's desk before Sakurako.*
Shuma: "Aoi, can you give me a sec? I want to talk with you."
Aoi: "Talk? Alright."
Sakurako: "Oh, no! Are you going for take-out with Aoi? I'm planning to take her for a gyudon treat-til-you-drop tour."
Aoi: "I-I'd like to but next time..."
Shuma: "Sorry, Sakurako...that's how it goes."
Shuma: "Now, Aoi, this isn't the right place, so let's go somewhere else."
*I go to the forest behind our school with Aoi.*
*Conveniently, no one is around.*
Aoi: "......"
*In the class, she must have strained her nerves, worrying about what Sakurako and classmates think.*
*On our way to the forest, her face gets clouded gradually and now she is completely depressed and looking down.*
Aoi: "So what do you want to talk about?"
Shuma: "Well, I was planning to talk about the future with you but..."
*I told her the truth and depressed her just this morning.*
*Am I going to give her another blow again? Am I gonna tell her Calen is trying to cut her out?*
*No, I cannot say something like that.*
*But, I don't want to make her mine by taking advantage of her as Mari first suggested...*
Aoi: "Shuma? And?"
Shuma: "I talked with Mari and Calen a little first, to sort things out and to come up with a future course."
Aoi: "...Yes."
Shuma: "As for the current condition, at least Iris won't meddle for some time, so we don't need to watch out for that."
Shuma: "As for our future course, we must save Lycoris and our new enemy, Enosh, must be dealt with. So, what we need to do hasn't changed."
Aoi: "...Yes."
Shuma: "And, it's hard for me to ask you this but...what are you going to do, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Of course, I will fight. I must save Lycoris."
*No need to ask her again. She'll never answer otherwise.*
*Then, after that?*
*This is really hard to ask.*
Aoi: "...Your face is asking...what's after."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Aoi: "It's very obvious. Mari and Calen are worried about that too, right?"
Aoi: " 'We have no need for a soldier who cannot fight', the talk must have taken a turn like that, right?"
Shuma: "You understand that much...I'm really sorry."
Aoi: "You don't need to worry. That is really natural."
Shuma: "If you understand that much, it's bad of me but I'll ask a direct question."
Shuma: "Are you okay to fight?"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "...Sorry, but honestly I don't know."
Shuma: "Right...sorry."
Aoi: "No, I'm the one to apologize."
Aoi: "But I really don't know if I can continue fighting...or what I should do from now on."
*This is exactly as Calen said.*
*Aoi has lost the fundamental reason to fight.*
*The reason she looks as if she has a gaping hole in her heart is because of this.*
*Unless I fill it with something else, she won't be able to go back to Aoi as she was, full of life and cheerful even though a bit stupid.*
*But there should be a new reason to fight, or a thing that makes her think about a new happiness. I don't know yet what is good for her.*
Lotus: "As I watch quietly, you are irritating. You should say, "If you need a reason to fight, be my woman and fight for me". That is your line here."
Lotus: "And you will do her, and captivate her in body and soul. Everything will be settled."
Shuma: "Shut up, damn old man. Stop mocking me!"
Aoi: "Eh?"
Shuma: "Nothing, really."
Shuma: "But, a vampire and a Rubina agent... At least there is no reason for me and you to oppose each other and fight now, right?"
Aoi: "Oh...yeah...yes...that's so..."
Shuma: "Aoi...?"
*Aoi slowly walks up to me and puts her head on my chest.*
Aoi: "Both the Rubina and I are just tools God's using as he likes. There's no reason for you and me to fight following his principle."
Shuma: "...Sorry."
*However I say it, I cannot move our talk further unless I touch that part.*
Aoi: "Don't worry. In the first place, because of it, I had a terrible attitude and said horrible things to you."
Aoi: "Really...stupid."
Shuma: "No, not stupid, don't worry about it, alright?"
Aoi: "That is not...that is not so..."
Shuma: "...Aoi?"
*Aoi wraps her arms around me and hugs me tightly.*
Aoi: "Did I tell you? My parents were killed by vampires."
Shuma: "Really?!"
Aoi: "When I was still small...our family went overseas, got attacked by a vampire and my parents were killed in front of me."
Aoi: "...It happened in the forest just like this."
Shuma: "Sorry, I didn't know!"
*That's another reason why she was getting depressed more and more!*
Aoi: "Okay...the important part is not that."
Aoi: "That wasn't a vampire..."
Shuma: "Eh?! What do you mean by not being a vampire?"
Aoi: "I was told it was a vampire and was always convinced...but it wasn't."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "...Aoi?"
Aoi: "I was possessed by God's shadow and manipulated, right?"
Shuma: "Yeah...you're right."
Aoi: "From the life force I felt when I was possessed, I kind of knew it at the time."
Aoi: "It was different from Iris' or vampires'...this 'belonging to God' had been an even more close feeling."
Shuma: "...Ah, it was like that."
*This morning, when I told her what had happened, she kind of knew it already.*
*That's why she wasn't surprised and didn't get violent. She just looked down and quietly listened to me.*
Aoi: "I don't know how I looked to you, but it was fun and happy for me to talk with God."
*Her embrace gets tighter.*
Aoi: "He had been closer to me than anybody else since I was a child and watched over me and answered me whenever I talked to Him. God was to me..."
Aoi: "But I was used, betrayed and thrown away... He won't answer me any more if I talk to him..."
*Her embrace becomes so strong that it almost hurts. Her shoulders and voice are trembling.*
Aoi: "I should be angry... I should hate Him... I should fight and defeat Him for this world..."
Aoi: "But...I don't know what to do...!"
*Her heart-wrenching words makes me hold her more tightly.*
Shuma: "It's alright, alright. Don't say any more."
*Aoi's heart must be hurt deeply and bleeding. But all I can do is to hold her tight like this.*
Aoi: "...*Weep*...!!"
Shuma: "I'm here, I'm next to you."
*Aoi should cry out in a time like this, but she continues to silently weep.*
*I wonder how long she has been weeping silently in my arms. Her convulsive sob gradually becomes quiet.*
*Before long, she lifts up her face buried in my chest and smiles faintly.*
Aoi: "...Sorry. That was embarrassing. But I think I feel a little refreshed thanks to it."
Shuma: "I don't mind. You can use my chest anytime you want."
Aoi: "Yes...thank you."
*This shy smile looks different from forced smiles she had on her face, and it seems the normal Aoi is coming back a little.*
*Anyway, what is this...why is my heart beating so hard?*
*Hard to imagine from the usual Aoi who swings around daggers and fights bravely. Now she looks small, delicate, fragile and normal...no, she looks more frail than normal girls...*
*I want to protect her! Such a desire...is boiling up inside me!*
Aoi: "Well...Shuma? You're choking me a little...?"
Shuma: "S-sorry!"
*I quickly relax my arms.*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "......"
*But, for some reason, I cannot let go of her body.*
*Really, what am I doing?!*
Aoi: "...Hey, Shuma."
Shuma: "O-oh, what is it?"
Aoi: "Do you want to...suck my blood?"
Shuma: "What?!"
Aoi: "If you want to...you can suck it."
Shuma: "Hey, why so suddenly?"
*If she tells me something like that... Crap, my eyes are drawn in toward Aoi's fair nape and I cannot take them away.*
*I just want to put my fangs into this neck, to suck and taste as much of Aoi's blood as I want.*
Aoi: "I feel like it."
Shuma: "*Swallowing saliva*...you feel like, what kind of feeling is that?"
*I manage to say it jokingly but no, I want to suck it so bad...!*
Aoi: "Right now, you don't need to hesitate."
Aoi: "How about you accept it like this: an apology for having a terrible attitude toward you and targeting your life; a thank you for letting me use your chest; and hush money for my behaving shamefully?"
Shuma: "Apology aside, is it really alright?"
Aoi: "Alright or not, I'm saying it's okay. So now bite."
*Crap, how can I bear it as she is offering herself to me like this?!*
Shuma: "Then, here we go, Aoi...!"
*I open my mouth wide, stick my fangs into the fair and captivating nape of her neck and suck all I want.*
Aoi: "Mmhaaaahmm!"
Shuma: "H-hey, what kind of sound are you making?!"
Aoi: "Oh, no."
Aoi: "B-but...mm...ah, ahaa...I can't stop it...!"
*Alluring and suggestive sounds as if she came only with my fangs stuck into her.*
Shuma: "If you make me hear that, I...!"
*I suck and suck and suck... Each one stronger than the last.*
*I have given and have been given life force many times before, but this is different. This is an act of purely sucking blood.*
Aoi: "Haa...ah, ah...mm, aah, amm...mmm...!"
*In my arms, Aoi shakes her body as if she were writhing in pleasure and releases a moan-like sound.*
*Her suggestive look stirs me and I can't stop.*
Shuma: "Delicious, really delicious, Aoi."
Aoi: "Mm...mmm...haa, ah...that's good!"
Aoi: "You can suck more...ahmm, ah, haa... You can drink it as much as you want, Shuma!"
Shuma: "Aoi...!"
*I don't know how long I have sucked Aoi's blood.*
*I finish a meal of the finest taste, which is different from the horrible tastes of Iris' familiars or of Enosh's shadows.*
Shuma: "Haa...haa...sorry, I may have sucked too much."
*As I finally remove my fangs, Aoi limply falls into my chest.*
====================E-AO03_02H_N.TXT====================
*I keep holding Aoi to calm her down, and we watch the sunset together.*
Aoi: "For some reason, today was more unbelievable than before."
====================E-AO03_03.TXT====================
Shuma: "Sorry for that. The effect of mesmerization came out too strong."
Aoi: "It's fine, really. I didn't dislike it..."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*Aoi drops her head on my shoulder and leans against me.*
Aoi: "Shuma-sama...!"
Shuma: "Shuma-sama?! What are you saying?!"
Aoi: "Eh? W-what? No way, why am I calling you 'sama'!"
**Smack*!*
Shuma: "It hurt?! Don't hit my back from out of the blue!"
Aoi: "Hahaha, sorry, sorry♪"
*Her cheerfully smiling face doesn't carry pain as it did when she was silently weeping.*
*Either she was able to forget even for a short time or she is putting on a brave face.*
*Whichever the case, she now she has become much more cheerful.*
Aoi: "Thank you."
Shuma: "W-what, so suddenly?"
Aoi: "Why are you embarrassed?! If you make that face, I get embarrassed, too! Why don't you just let it pass?"
*Ludicrous, really.*
Aoi: "For crying out loud. Forget it, we're gonna go home."
Shuma: "Alright, alright. Then let's go home."
Aoi: "Yup."
*I stand up and dust off my ass.*
Shuma: "Huh, what's wrong, Aoi? Don't you want to go home?"
*For some reason, Aoi still remains seated.*
Aoi: "Mm..."
*So I thought, but she reaches out for me with her face all red.*
Aoi: "I can't stand up... Pull me up."
Shuma: "I'm home."
Aoi: "Well...I'm home."
Mari: "Welcome home, you are late. Oh, Aoi-san, what happened to you?"
Aoi: "Nothing, nothing. Yeah, nothing."
Shuma: "Yeah, yeah, it's not a big deal, so don't worry."
*I hold up Aoi who is weak in the knees and staggering and make her sit on the sofa.*
Aoi: "Sorry. You had to help me."
Shuma: "No, I mean, I'm sorry too."
Aoi: "It's fine. I told you, I didn't dislike it."
Shuma: "Aoi..."
Aoi: "I wonder why, but it's not just that my reason to kill you as a Rubina agent has gone, but rather I feel some kind of invisible wall has been taken away."
Aoi: "I feel you closer to me than before, or I should say, I feel comfortable being next to you..."
Aoi: "Oh no, what am I saying?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I understand what you're saying. I'm feeling the same thing."
Shuma: "We have been companions who fight together for the same goal, but because of our positions, there was always a subtle distance between us."
Shuma: "I wonder why I'm feeling like the distance really became shorter. I'm honestly happy about it."
Shuma: "Yeah, I'm really happy I can get closer to you."
Aoi: "Shuma, what is that cheesy line? I'm the one listening but feeling embarrassed."
Shuma: "Don't call it a cheesy line. You are the one who started it."
Aoi: "Is that so?"
Shuma: "Don't play innocent. Good grief."
Aoi: "Ahaha!"
Shuma: "Hehe."
Calen: "Well, well. The world only you two live in is expanding right before my eyes. I am simply listening but beginning to feel awkward."
Aoi: "Ca-Calen?! Were you listening?!"
Shuma: "You, when did you show up?!"
Calen: "When? I was here from the beginning."
Calen: "From the moment you came back, you were intimate and flirting. What a display! I cannot take it anymore."
Mari: "I agree. It was like you could see no one but each other. I wonder what happened? Hehehe."
Shuma: "Don't laugh in a vulgar way. Nothing happened here, right Aoi?"
Aoi: "Yeah, just as usual. There's nothing special really."
Mari: "But 'Hug! Kiss!' and do what you were supposed to do."
Shuma: "How did you know?! Were you peeking?!"
Mari: "Eh? Did you really do it? I see, I see."
Shuma: "You just tricked me!"
Calen: "Well, well, you have become truly close."
Aoi: "That is...um..."
Lotus: "Dear me! I kept holding down myself and stayed quiet, thinking I should not get in the young ones' way, but they flaunted so much before my eyes that I felt quite awkward."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "You do not need to hide it now, do you?"
Calen: "Rather, I would like to hear a detailed account of your love affair such as from whom, what was done and how is was done."
Mari: "I'm interested in it, too. Please tell us, *grin*!"
Aoi & Shuma: "How can I tell you that, stupid?!"
Lotus: "You are in tune with each other perfectly. This is a good opportunity. How about declaring you will make Aoi as your mistress before everyone?"
Shuma: "Oh! Right, it's about time to go patrolling!"
Lotus: "I am sad that you are pretending you did not hear me."
Aoi: "Me, too! I'm coming, too!"
Shuma: "But Aoi, can you even stand up yet?"
Aoi: "Yes, I'm fine thanks to you."
Shuma: "Right, then let's go together! So we'll go out for a bit!"
Aoi: "See you later!"
Calen: "Oh dear, we chased them away."
Mari: "Running away from this much, they're both so pure, hehe."
Calen: "However, Aoi-san seemed to have a break-through more or less."
Mari: "Saying this and that, Master seemed to have done what he was supposed to do properly. Probably thanks to us."
Mari: "They might as well have declared, 'Aoi is my woman!', 'I'm going to be his mistress!' "
Calen: "We do not need that much right on the heels of yesterday. The most important thing is that she recovers."
Calen: "However, by the look of things, it will only be a matter of time."
Mari: "Yes, yes, they looked wonderful together!"
Mari: "Is that it? Like, she decided to fight for Master's love."
Calen: "I do not expect it could be that lofty, but it is certain that she has had some sort of change of heart."
Calen: "As long as that becomes a new reason to fight and Aoi-san recovers, I do not care what it is."
Calen: "As a daughter of the Officinalis who bears the barrier, I shall not be allowed to lose the battle against Enosh."
Mari: "Well, as long as Master pulls himself together, I don't care about the reason, either."
Aoi: "The night sky is beautiful tonight."
Shuma: "Yeah, the moon is bright and it's such a nice night."
*Since we started this patrol as an excuse to run away from the house, neither of us are tense, so we're being a little bit careless.*
*There is a possibility that those bastards who pretend to be God might start something on the heels of yesterday, but I have a hunch they won't do that.*
*Because they lost Aoi from their control but quickly got Lycoris instead.*
*I don't think they can be ready for the next move so quickly.*
*And I want to give Aoi time to organize her feelings, so I should avoid putting unnecessary pressure on her by becoming tense.*
Aoi: "I've realized now after all this time, I really knew nothing but fighting."
Aoi: "I thought I could see everything around me clearly, but actually I was seeing nothing."
Shuma: "Is that so? But why do you feel like that all of a sudden?"
Aoi: "Yeah, you know, we've patrolled so many times together, but this is the first time I've thought this brilliantly shining moon is beautiful."
Aoi: "And this gentle blowing night breeze and singing of insects I can still hear in the bustle of the streets. I didn't realize the night could feel this good at all."
Shuma: "I see. I understand what you are saying."
Aoi: "Really?"
Shuma: "Yeah. My experience is a bit different from yours, but my view of things has changed a little too since I awakened as a vampire."
Shuma: "It was natural for me to have the sun above my heart, but it became hard and unpleasant."
Shuma: "It made me realize natural things stop being natural once your standing position changes."
Aoi: "I see. As I am now, I kind of understand what you want to say for sure."
Shuma: "In my case, it's hard to say if it's a good thing or bad thing and difficult to judge."
Aoi: "Right, particularly in your case."
*A calm smile plays on her profile which is illuminated by the moonlight.*
*I can't say she has recovered completely...but even without my help, she is trying to stand up by herself.*
*Aoi is really amazing.*
Aoi: "W-what? Why are you staring at me like that?"
Shuma: "I was looking at you while thinking about how amazing you are."
Aoi: "Oh, no, what do you mean by that?"
*Now it seems I can go without having to hear Calen say Aoi should be cut off.*
*Also about a mistress, Mari and Dad urged me on to have one.*
*Well...I mean, we went with the flow and did it on the spur of the moment.*
*But if it has been working as a plus to Aoi... Hmm, this is an extremely selfish hope on my end.*
Aoi: "If..."
Shuma: "Yeah?"
Aoi: "If I look like that, it may all be thanks to you."
Shuma: "Eh..."
Aoi: "J-just kidding!"
Aoi: "I must save Lycoris, I can't stay spineless forever!"
Shuma: "R-right! You are right!"
Aoi: "Right, that's what it is!"
*Oh, I almost panicked. Yeah, of course.*
*Aoi won't be down and out forever, because she must save her best friend.*
*It's a bit disappointing, but if Aoi cheers up, that is the best.*
Shuma: "I will continue to help you, so let's do our best together."
Aoi: "Yes, thank you. I'm counting on you."
*We renew our determination, shake hands and promise our cooperation once again.*
*I gently grip her slightly shaking hand. Even while emotions must be whirling around inside, her words remain aggressive.*
*For Aoi, too, I must rescue Lycoris.*
*The next day.*
Shuma: "The sun is a bit strong today."
Calen: "Indeed...I feel weary."
Mari: "It's nice and clear, and perfect for laundry, so I'm very happy."
Aoi: "Shuma!"
**Bump*!*
Shuma: "What's wrong, Aoi?!"
*As soon as I enter the classroom, Aoi loses color, her shoulders tremble as she clings to me.*
*Something unusual must have happened.*
Calen: "Aoi-san, did anything happen to you?"
Mari: "The classroom is noisy for some reason."
Sakurako: "I wonder what everyone is talking about?"
Sakurako: "Hey, what are you talking about?"
*Sakurako joins the nearest group.*
Male Friend: "Don't you know? An incident, another incident happened."
Shuma: "――!!"
Sakurako: "An incident...eh?"
*Sakurako turns back to us.*
Shuma: "Tell me more about it!"
Male Friend: "Yeah, I heard so many people were found unconscious on the shopping street."
Girl A: "I heard they were found in the park."
Girl B: "Eh? I heard it happened in front of the station."
Male A: "Why in so many places? Anyway, all of them were taken to the hospital but I heard they are still unconscious."
Shuma: "It cannot be..."
Male Friend: "And the police are looking for a woman in a Gothic lolita costume as their suspect."
*Finally they made a move!*
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
*Aoi squeezes my arm with her pale hands so strongly it hurts.*
====================E-AO04_01.TXT====================
Shuma: "Everyone, please gather 'round."
*I take Mari, Calen and Aoi who is still clutching my arm to the corridor. Sakurako looks worried and comes out with us, too.*
*Sakurako knows the circumstances to some extent so it doesn't matter if she hears us.*
Shuma: "It sounds like Enosh has started to move. The fainting cases they were talking about must be caused by Lycoris under Enosh's control."
Calen: "There would be no other possibilities."
Lotus: "I expected he would be quiet for a few days, but he's started moving rather quickly."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "We just arrived at school, but I think we'd better leave now and go looking for her. What do you think?"
Lotus: "I think that is better."
Mari: "If we leave her alone, there will be more and more victims."
Calen: "Since these crimes are committed in broad daylight, with no concern about possible witnesses, there is no time to lose."
Shuma: "Alright, it's settled. Let's move now."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "...Aoi, are you okay? If you like, you―"
Aoi: "Don't worry. How will not going help me?"
*Aoi lets go of my arm and nods with a determined face.*
*If I leave her behind out of concern, she will go looking for Lycoris alone.*
Shuma: "Alright, but do not overwork yourself."
Aoi: "Yeah, I know."
Shuma: "So, Sakurako, please give some good excuse to the teacher for us."
Sakurako: "Understood. Everyone, please protect the peace of our town. Good luck!"
Aoi: "Yes, count on us."
*We need to visit the crime scenes. We hurry to make it to the shopping street, station square and park―places mentioned in the classroom.*
*Lycoris may not still be there, but since we don't know her intention or purpose, at least we can visit the scenes to check for clues.*
Mari: "Oh, an ambulance again."
Shuma: "Don't howl!"
Mari: "Owoo...no, I won't!"
Lotus: "It is not the time to be fooling around."
Shuma: "I know that. I just became distracted."
*What she has been doing is similar to Iris, but relentless in some way.*
*Maybe something really terrible is about to happen...*
*This vague worry wells up inside me and I cannot calm down.*
Calen: "Haa, hoo... Let us go a little slower, shall we? The sun is strong and I feel weary."
Aoi: "Why are you exhausted already? You are the one who said we had no time to lose, Calen. Here, run quickly."
*While putting a spur to Calen, Aoi pulls Calen's hand but Aoi herself doesn't seem to be in good condition.*
*Similarly, today's sun is harsh on me too.*
*Still, now is not the time to complain about it.*
Shuma: "Anyway...hurry, everyone!"
Shuma: "The shopping street, station square and the park all came to nothing."
Aoi: "I didn't expect she would stay around, but we didn't find any trace of her either..."
Lotus: "After all of that, we couldn't find anything that is even close to a clue."
Shuma: "Nope. All we know is that from the testimonies of the witnesses, the culprit is definitely Lycoris."
Aoi: "Just seeing the condition of the victims who took the ambulance, it's certain that a good deal of their life force was taken away until they lost consciousness."
Calen: "The issue is, what she is trying to do by collecting such a large amount of life force."
Shuma: "Even when we were dealing with Iris, we had no idea what her purpose was in the middle of it."
Shuma: "This time, too, we have hardly any clues."
Mari: "Then, how about catching her, squeezing her and making her talk?"
Lotus: "That is the only way to stop having new victims."
Shuma: "Right. Anyway, now all we can do is anticipate places where Lycoris might attack people and check them one by one. Let's go."
Aoi: "Yeah..."
Shuma: "Aoi...?"
Shuma: "Is it hard on you after all? In that case..."
Aoi: "Oh, no."
Aoi: "It's not that. I was thinking about the purpose."
Shuma: "Did you notice something?"
Aoi: "I can't exactly say I noticed...and I'm not sure it's directly connected to what Lycoris is doing..."
Shuma: "Right now any information is welcome. Tell me."
Aoi: "Yes. Well, it may have something to do with Shuma's sword."
Shuma: "My sword? You mean Deesse Morte?"
Calen: "What do you mean?"
Aoi: "Hear me on the condition that I don't have actual proof."
Shuma: "Alright. And?"
Aoi: "Well...see, I was manipulated by God and attacked you. It's very vague but I remember that time."
*I nod to an apologetic Aoi not to worry, and urge her to continue.*
Aoi: "And, that time I feel I targeted your sword in an unusual way. Instead of hitting you, I set up so we exchanged blows with swords."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*I remember. Certainly I felt something was strange back then.*
Lotus: "It rings a bell with you, Shuma? Then the reason is unknown, but it is certain that Deesse Morte is one of Enosh's targets."
Calen: "That is very useful information. It becomes clear that Shuma-san is still a target. However, we still do not know how it is directly connected to this case."
Shuma: "Right. We've gotta be on guard since we don't have enough information or time to think about it."
Aoi: "Somehow, I'm sorry. It wasn't very useful."
Shuma: "It is. Whether I'm mentally ready for the attack or not will make a big difference when the time comes."
Aoi: "If you are attacked, I will protect you this time."
*Her face says that it is atonement for her conduct.*
Shuma: "Thanks, but don't worry. When the time comes, I'll count on you."
Aoi: "Yes, count on us."
Mari: "Sorry for interrupting your make out session, but let's hurry to the next place."
Aoi: "We are not making out!"
Shuma: "Right, it's not like that. Let's go to the next place!"
*After that, there is nothing but legwork.*
Lotus: "How is it? Are you able to capture a sign?"
Shuma: "When the sun is this strong, I can't really get into gear. It's difficult to capture a sign. Possibly...over there, a kind of feeling?"
Mari: "What an undependable navigator!"
*Nevertheless, we run into a scene of an ambulance arriving and discover a new victim on the ground in the middle of curious bystanders. So somehow I'm able to follow Lycoris' steps.*
*If anything, the attacks always occur in broad daylight and in conspicuous places, as if to say she doesn't care who follows her.*
*But we are one step behind capturing Lycoris herself, and therefore the number of victims keeps growing.*
Housewife A: "Did you hear? Recently people are suddenly losing consciousness and falling to the ground."
Housewife B: "Yes, I did. They say a girl in cosplay has been doing it."
Housewife C: "How horrible. It's so scary that we can't even go shopping peacefully, can we?"
*The rumor has spread through the town enough to come up in housewives' gossip.*
Sakurako: "It looks like you couldn't catch Lycoris yet."
Shuma: "Not yet. We've been tracing her steps and trying the places that she may be using as a base."
Shuma: "She left all her stuff in the apartment and it looks like she hasn't gone back in a long time."
Shuma: "Besides that place, we can't even find one clue."
Aoi: "I wonder where she is hiding and sleeping. I hope she's taking good care of her body..."
*That is another point of concern.*
Sakurako: "I see. Then is everyone gonna skip school?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Sorry to trouble you, but come up with some excuse for today too."
Sakurako: "Leave it to me! You don't need to worry a bit. I came up with the perfect excuse so you can be absent a few more days with no worry."
Shuma: "Oh, that's great. It's helpful, Sakurako. Thanks!"
Aoi: "By the way, what is the perfect excuse?"
Sakurako: "Hehehe. Listen and be surprised."
Sakurako: "I told the teacher Shuma caught the mumps and his sperm is in danger."
Shuma: "Hey!"
Lotus: "That's a perfect excuse. You must be off until your fever is down."
Shuma: "Didn't you have a better excuse?"
Aoi: "That is fine for Shuma, but what about Mari, Calen and me?"
Sakurako: "Shuma did something to transmit it to all three indiscriminately, so you all caught it!"
Shuma: "Hey, you!"
Aoi: "Eww..."
Shuma: "Don't look at me now. Don't cringe. If you look down your nose at anyone, that should be Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Now, I'll relay the cordial 'get well' messages from the classmates."
Male Friend: "Don't come back to school until you are completely better. And may your dick fall off!"
Male B: "Shuma's sperm should all be dead."
Girl A: "Shuma-kun, please recover completely for our children's sake!"
Sakurako: "That's it."
Shuma: "I do not want to be at school...give me a break."
Sakurako: "Cheer up!"
*Deal with it, You ARE the ringleader.*
Mari: "I'm here. I'm sorry for making you wait."
Calen: "Truly, the sunlight is strong again today. It is indeed tiresome."
Aoi: "It's hard on me too, but it's not the time to be saying that. Here, let's go."
Shuma: "Well then, Sakurako, we are going!"
Sakurako: "Yes, everyone good luck!"
*We end up running all over town today too, because I can't capture the trail clearly enough.*
*Frustrating that we cannot catch her.*
*Guilty feelings that we cannot stop her from creating more victims.*
*An exhausted feeling, which eats at the heart, as we can get nowhere despite running around and searching for her day after day...morning to evening.*
*And uneasiness that we don't have the slightest idea what her purpose is or what Enosh is planning.*
*Many different emotions weigh on us and everyone, including me, is getting tired.*
*Still, we cannot stop.*
*Then...*
Girl: "Eek!!"
Aoi: "Scream?! Over there!"
Shuma: "I've got her. Over there!"
Aoi: "We've finally found her! Lycoris!!"
*As we rush to the spot where the scream is heard, Lycoris, who is holding an already unconscious woman, slowly turns to us.*
Shuma: "We've finally cornered you. Give up!"
Aoi: "Let go of the woman! And return Lycoris to us!"
Lycoris: "Finally you caught up with me, I say. Long time no see, Shuma Embroche, Aoi."
Aoi: "Eh?! She talks?!"
Shuma: "When it was in Aoi, she didn't talk at all!"
Lycoris: "Because I absorbed life force from Iris Pumila's familiar and the lives this one collected. It was yucky life force, but you see the result."
Shuma: "I see...!"
Lotus: "What a strong presence. It is incomparable to the time it possessed Aoi."
Shuma: "But it's convenient if you can talk."
Shuma: "What is your purpose. What is Enosh trying to do?"
Lycoris: "Do you think I will talk about it so easily?"
Shuma: "Tsk, it can't go so easy."
Aoi: "So what? All we need to do is to stop it here."
Aoi: "Enough of your big talk, return Lycoris to us!"
Lycoris: "Then, how about taking her back by force?"
Lycoris: "However, please do not forget, I who was weaker than I am now, could manipulate you quite easily, Aoi."
Aoi: "Ugh...!"
Lycoris: "However, Aoi was super weak. So because of that, I lost quickly."
Lycoris: "But, I'm different now. If you think you can win over me as easily as you did over Aoi, you will die."
Aoi: "You...that's the last straw!!"
Shuma: "Wait, Aoi!"
*I grab the arm of Aoi, who has her twin daggers ready and is about to charge, and quickly stop her.*
*These Lycoris remarks of looking down and making fools of us are different from the ones when she was taken over by Iris' familiar.*
*I can't help thinking that the god's shadow itself is talking and acting with the help of Lycoris' personality, even more so than when he controlled Aoi.*
*That means he got stronger.*
*Moreover...*
Sanda Aiya: "What, what is that noise?"
Knives: "A cosplay event? Or some kind of shoot?"
Henry Sugikawa: "Hey, doesn't that woman look like the fainting case suspect everyone is talking about?"
*The sun is not set and the time is still early. Rubberneckers gather around.*
*It's not good to let them witness what is going to happen, and it's worse to involve them in it.*
Lotus: "Shuma, calm Aoi down at once. If she loses her cool and she becomes short-sighted, she will play right into the enemy's hands."
Shuma: "Yeah. Aoi, Lycoris is right now―"
Aoi: "I know. I didn't expect this god to be so wicked."
Lycoris: "The 'wicked' part is fine. I couldn't care less about whatever you, a human who is inferior to a roadside stone and equal to dust, says to me."
Aoi: "Ugh!"
Shuma: "So calm down!"
Aoi: "I am calm!"
*She looks furious. How is she calm?*
Aoi: "All my messed up feelings are gone. Thanks to it, I can knock him down without hesitating!"
Aoi: "To hell with such a god!"
*"To hell with such a god"... Aoi is really letting it all out!*
*I feel sorry for Aoi, but I'm a little relieved. Her profile doesn't hide her anger, but I don't sense a doubt, hesitation or even a pain coming from her expression.*
Shuma: "I know you're ready to go. But it's too dangerous to charge in all by yourself. We must coordinate closely."
Mari: "Now, Lady Calen, please hurry. The situation is touch and go."
Calen: "Haa, haa...good heavens, as we've ran around under the sun for such a long time, I would like to be appreciated a little more. There, excuse me, let me pass."
Sanda Aiya: "Yes, ma'am!"
Knives: "Yes, please go ahead."
Henry Sugikawa: "Ah, yes."
Mari: "Here we are. We are sorry for making you wait."
Lycoris: "There, there, two more have arrived now. I appreciate your effort although you are weak and useless."
Calen: "You must have some nerve to call me, a daughter of the Officinalis, weak."
Mari: "You can call me useless or whatever you want. I won't let you escape anymore."
*Lycoris carelessly throws away the woman from her arms.*
*The woman falls on the ground and remains unconscious like the other victims.*
Lycoris: "I don't need to escape. Because I sucked plenty of life force and my power up is super increased!"
*As far as we know, there are at least a dozen human victims.*
*And now one more victim.*
*In places unknown to us, how many more people have fallen victim...?*
Lycoris: "Rather, I thought of coming to see you myself, so it is good timing."
*Lycoris gets her big black scythe ready.*
Shuma: "Right. We are tired of playing tag so it's helpful."
*I grasp the handle of Deesse Morte with my empty hand.*
Lycoris: "First I'll play with you a little so attack me, I say. Aoi-chan who was used by God as He wished and thrown away like trash♪"
Aoi: "You...!!!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
*Aoi shakes off my hand and charges straight at Lycoris.*
*I withdraw Deesse Morte and follow Aoi.*
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "Oh, no. Could you not wait until I regain my breath?!"
*When Calen snaps her fingers, the onlookers suddenly lose interest and disperse.*
Calen: "I cleared everyone out. Now we can do whatever we wish."
Shuma: "Good, Calen! Now, Mari!"
Mari: "Yes, I'll back you up. Grrrrrrrr!"
*Calen moves to the right and Mari moves to the left to close in on Lycoris.*
Lotus: "Shuma, you remember Aoi's story, don't you? Pay full attention."
Shuma: "Yeah, the thing about Deesse Morte being targeted. I know."
Aoi: "Get out of Lycoris' body!"
*Lycoris dodges Aoi's successive wide swing attacks without difficulty.*
Lycoris: "Hmph, such petty attacks won't even scratch me."
Aoi: "Damn!"
Shuma: "Then, how about this?!"
*Toward the point where Lycoris dodges Aoi's attacks and moves, I bring down Deesse Morte from overhead.*
Lycoris: "Oops, dangerous, I say. I cannot be readily cut by that sword."
*Deesse Morte is blocked easily by the handle of the big scythe Lycoris swings upward.*
Shuma: "But now you are open to attack at every point. Aoi!"
Aoi: "Haaah!!"
*Aoi gives chase to Lycoris who swings up her big scythe and stops her advance. This should work.*
Lycoris: "There!"
Aoi: "Ugh?!"
*In the moment I'm sure of her success, Lycoris delivers a kick to Aoi with ease.*
*Moreover, despite her unstable position, she doesn't budge an inch when I put strength to my sword.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, would you please hold her there? Mari-san!"
*Calen becomes a mist and disappears as Mari pounces at Lycoris.*
Mari: "Understood. Grrrrrr...*yelp*!"
*Just as I thought, this is beyond Mari.*
Calen: "Well done."
*But Calen who is back from being a mist appears behind Lycoris and tries to pinion her while Lycoris' attention goes to Mari.*
Lycoris: "This is a pretty good strategy. But now is not the middle of the night, so your movement is not sharp enough."
Shuma: "What? She is pushing back... Whoa?!"
Calen: "Aaargh?!"
*I am knocked back and the handle of the big scythe is stuck in the pit of Calen's stomach.*
*Calen holds her stomach and crouches down on the spot.*
*Mari is knocked over on her back and now faces the sky.*
*Aoi picks up a dagger she dropped and staggers to her feet.*
*As I am blown away and fall on my ass, I quickly stand up.*
*Lycoris looks around us calmly without even a sweat.*
Lycoris: "Considering you bragged and charged at me, you can do only this much? *Sigh*... So dull, this is disappointing."
Aoi: "Shut up... I'm telling you to return Lycoris to us!"
Lotus: "This is not good... I didn't expect this."
Shuma: "All four of us, and I think we coordinated well... It depresses me to have been handled this easily."
Shuma: "And she must be really angry. Maybe because she is blinded by rage, her attacks lack her usual brilliance."
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "Under these circumstances, I've gotta do what I usually do to Aoi."
Lotus: "Shuma, that..."
Shuma: "What, Dad? I think that is the only way we can counter Lycoris at this point."
Lotus: "Hmm..."
Shuma: "Calen, Mari, buy us some time. Aoi, we'll do what we usually do."
Aoi: "That seems to be the only way, really... It depresses me that we must depend on it to win every time."
*I rush to Aoi who is on guard against Lycoris.*
*Calen and Mari stand up to face Lycoris and protect us.*
Lycoris: "Already the last resort? So weak. Well, fine. I won't get in the way so do as you want, I say."
Lycoris: "A Rubina agent who once hunted vampires is now in this miserable state where she cannot save even one friend unless she plays up to and clings to a vampire."
Lycoris: "Even if such a petty good-for-nothing as Aoi becomes a bit stronger, I have nothing to worry about. Trash is still trash in the end."
Aoi: "Stop saying whatever you want with Lycoris' face and voice!"
Aoi: "Shuma, do it as much as you want!"
Shuma: "Yeah, make it impossible to say those jokes again."
*I stick my fangs into the nape of her neck.*
Aoi: "Mmm...!"
*Just in case, I glare at Lycoris and watch for her move while pouring life force into Aoi.*
*However, she may really have no intention to interrupt us. She looks on at us pleasantly and doesn't even try to move.*
*She is really making fun of us. It makes me angry.*
Aoi: "Ooo...mm...mmmoo...ah...ooah...!"
*So I pour life force into her fully, much more than last time.*
Shuma: "...Phew...how is it, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Yeah, great. This is nothing like before. Power is welling up from deep within me."
*She may have a bit of breathing room by having her power increased. She doesn't hide her anger but it seems she won't be blinded by it anymore.*
Shuma: "Can you do it?"
Aoi: "A stupid question. I will definitely save her."
Shuma: "That's right. We will back you up, so go for it as much as you want!"
Aoi: "Of course!"
*Full of energy and completely driven, Aoi takes a fighting stance.*
Aoi: "Here I come! I will hurt you a bit Lycoris, but please bear it!"
*Aoi charges at Lycoris as fast as an arrow.*
*Her lunging step is so strong that it makes a crack on the asphalt.*
Lycoris: "Well, you've become a bit better. Then I will play with you a little longer."
Aoi: "Haaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "There!"
*Lycoris still easily blocks Aoi's swift first attack with force and weight.*
Lycoris: "Oops!"
*However, it seems she cannot completely stop the blow. She jumps back slightly and kills it's force.*
Shuma: "Good, go for it, Aoi!"
Aoi: "I won't let you escape!"
Aoi: "Haah! Teyah! Iyaah!!"
*Lycoris fights on the defensive only and blocks Aoi's sharp slashes.*
Shuma: "Right on. I'll back you up!"
*I make a diversion with Deesse Morte so that Aoi's powerful slashes reach Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Hmm, you two are in tune with each other more than I thought."
Lycoris: "Why don't you two extras attack me?"
Calen: "It is rather too intense to cut in there."
Mari: "I agree. But if you look open to an attack, I'm gonna bite!"
*Calen and Mari cannot join Aoi and Lycoris' intense exchange of blows but they are alert and ready to make a move if anything happens.*
*For this reason, Aoi and I can strike against Lycoris with all our strength.*
Lycoris: "I praise your discretion as small fish. After finishing these two, I will play with you so wait over there, I say."
Aoi: "If you keep getting carried away, you will be hurt big time!"
Lycoris: "...Ugh?!"
*It is very shallow, but Aoi's sword slashes Lycoris' upper arm.*
Shuma: "You've got her! Keep pushing on this way, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Of course! Haaaaaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk, it's pretty good. It seems I cannot deal with you without injury after all."
Lycoris: "Power, speed and quickness of response. All of them are beyond human limits."
Aoi: "How dare you fight me while lecturing! Do you still think you have leeway?!"
Lycoris: "You can compete with me this far now. No one will call you a human anymore, I say."
Lycoris: "*Giggle*... Maybe I should put it this way. Welcome to the world of the supernatural, Aoi."
Aoi: "What are you talking about!"
Lycoris: "Oh, you haven't noticed it yourself, I say."
Lycoris: "Well, whether you notice it or not, it won't matter. You are going to be killed by me right here."
Aoi: "Eek?!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
*In the moment Lycoris dodges Aoi's slash, Aoi's arm is slightly cut by Lycoris' big scythe.*
Lycoris: "There, there, what's wrong, Aoi? If you don't avoid it properly, I will cut you into pieces, I say!"
Aoi: "Ouch! Ugh! Y-you!!"
Shuma: "I won't let you. Deyaaaah!"
Lycoris: "Shuma Embroche, far from backing up Aoi, you will end up being cut into pieces first."
Shuma: "Argh?!"
*Her big scythe slashes my chest. Burning pains shoot through me.*
Lotus: "This is not good. Both of you, keep a safe distance at once!"
Shuma: "Aoi, we're gonna back up once and recover our positions!"
Aoi: "Alright!"
*We jump back at the same time and keep our distance from Lycoris.*
*As if to say it's a breeze for her, she doesn't chase us but puts her scythe on her shoulder instead.*
Lycoris: "You could only do this much, after all. At least you helped me kill some time in between life force collecting."
Shuma: "Haa, haa, she is so calm. Like she thinks she's won already."
Aoi: "Haa, haa, annoying!"
Lotus: "But she is much stronger than we expected... This is serious."
Shuma: "True."
*Even Aoi, whose power increased more than ever, barely fights her with my backup.*
Mari: "What are we going to do Master? Will we withdraw for now and regroup?"
Shuma: "No, we can't do that."
*If we miss this chance, we don't know when we can catch her next.*
*Meanwhile, victims will increase and of all things, if she collects more life force and gets stronger, we will be no match for her.*
Calen: "I agree with you also. However, do you have any plans?"
Shuma: "It would be good if I did..."
Aoi: "I can't believe she is this strong. What a miscalculation!"
Aoi: "You made me strong, but I can't stop her if I face her squarely..."
*As Aoi said, we'll have no chance of winning if we fight her squarely.*
Shuma: "......"
*It occurs to me.*
*If I had awakened as a progenitor, we would be able to win.*
*To start with, things wouldn't have gotten as complicated as they are now.*
Lotus: "Don't stay absent-minded. I can guess what you were thinking more or less, but do it later."
Shuma: "R-right."
*It is exactly as Dad says. Now is not the time to dilly-dally.*
Lycoris: "Has your strategy meeting finished? Then, what are you gonna show me this time?"
Shuma: "Let me see, how should I cook you?"
*I make a bluff but Lycoris has a scornful smile at the corner of her mouth.*
Lycoris: "It seems you are at the end of your tether. It is so easy. Such a letdown."
Lycoris: "To be more precise, I have become too strong."
Shuma: "Damn, who cares?"
*I get Deesse Morte ready but I cannot strike so easily.*
*While I stand and watch, Lycoris removes her scythe from her shoulder and gets ready to fight.*
Lycoris: "Then, it's about time to perform a requiem, I say."
Aoi: "Ugh...!"
*Crap. At this rate, Aoi, Calen, Mari and I...all of us will be killed...!*
Aoi: "...Shuma, I will stop Lycoris' moves somehow, so please suck life force out of Lycoris as you usually do."
Shuma: "Aoi, did you come up with some plan?"
Aoi: "Yes. So promise me to save Lycoris without fail."
Shuma: "Alright. Leave it to me. And what is your plan?"
Aoi: "This!"
Shuma: "What, Aoi?!"
*Without telling me what it is, Aoi charges at Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Aoi, you want to be the first to die? Alright, farewell then."
Lycoris: "As a small act of mercy, I will kill you instantly. You were an excellent pawn, even though a sacrificial pawn. *Giggle*."
Aoi: "Do it if you can!"
*Without hesitation, Aoi runs in a straight line.*
Lotus: "No! Stop Aoi now!"
*Dad's hard-pressed voice makes me finally realize Aoi's intention.*
Shuma: "Stop, Aoi!!"
*Aoi is going to stop Lycoris even if they end up stabbing each other!*
Aoi: "I'm counting on you, Shuma! Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 4th Form!! Haaaaaah!!!"
*Lycoris brings down her big scythe on Aoi who charges on, thrusting out her twin daggers.*
Lycoris: "4th Form? Are you trying to make us stab each other and die? But such a desperate suicide attack is nothing to me."
Shuma: "No, Aoi!"
*Lycoris' scythe is faster!*
Lycoris: "...Ugh?!"
*Unexpectedly, Lycoris stops just for a moment.*
Shuma: "What?! What happened?!"
Lycoris: "I can't believe you still have the power to resist?! But, useless!"
*However, Lycoris screams and brings down the scythe.*
Aoi: "Iyaaaaaaaah!!!"
Lycoris: "Gha?!"
*Aoi's daggers reach Lycoris a second faster. Lycoris reacts late, only being able to focus on defense.*
Lycoris: "It's nothing!!"
*As a result, Aoi succeeds in breaking her scythe, but Lycoris doesn't stop.*
Aoi: "Argh!!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!!"
*After the attack which took all of her courage, Aoi's body is defenseless and receives Lycoris' attack directly.*
Mari: "Master!"
Calen: "Shuma-san, now is the time!"
Lycoris: "What...?!"
*Calen and Mari jump on and pin down Lycoris who lost her target.*
Lotus: "Shuma! Leave Aoi for later. Now do not waste the chance Aoi made for you! If my guess is correct, this won't be enough to kill her!"
Shuma: "A-alright!"
*I want to rush across and help up Aoi first who has fallen down and is not moving at all. But I suppress the urge and run over to Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "What are you going to do to me, I say!!"
Shuma: "I'm gonna do this!"
*I pierce my fangs into the neck of Lycoris whom it takes three of us to hold down.*
Lycoris: "Heegh?!"
*And I suck up Enosh's life force as hard as I can.*
Lycoris: "Mmah! Ah, aah...a-ah...!!"
*She thrashes her body and struggles to shake us off.*
*Her wound is not so deep. I don't think her life is in danger.*
*But her struggle makes blood leak out unnecessarily and above all, it makes it hard for me to suck.*
Shuma: "You...stay quiet!"
*Yuck! It's so yucky that it makes me dizzy. I would refuse sucking this life force if I could, but no matter how much I suck, it doesn't hit bottom.*
Calen: "...Are you not yet done?"
Shuma: "It's an incredible amount. Hold her down a bit longer."
Lycoris: "Ooah...ah..."
*Gradually, Lycoris grows weak and slumps into my arms.*
*Even though it has easily taken several times longer than usual, I manage to suck it all.*
Shuma: "Phew..."
Mari: "How is it, Master?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I've sucked out all of Enosh's life force. It tasted so bad that it could give me stomach trouble."
*And it was an incredible amount.*
*How many people fell victim to it? Just thinking about it is agonizing.*
Mari: "Then, for the time being, this case is settled, I think."
Shuma: "Yeah. Lycoris should be okay now. I'm sorry, but I'll leave Lycoris to you. I'm gonna help Aoi――?!"
*Suddenly, I feel an extremely unpleasant something squirming within me.*
Calen: "What is the matter?"
Shuma: "Ugh...this...can't be?!"
Lotus: "This presence!"
Enosh: "It is regrettable that I could not dispose of you all, but fine. These matters are within the assumption."
*The voice which rings in my head from out of the blue is...!*
Mari: "Master?"
Shuma: "Not yet...! In my head...!"
Calen: "Is this because of the life force you sucked out? It cannot be?!"
Enosh: "I myself am going to disappear...but before that, let me finish the job."
Shuma: "Ugh, my body is moving by itself... Damn!"
*My arm holds Deesse Morte high over my head against my will.*
*Moreover, a power which is strong enough to crush the handle is in my grip, and I feel my hand might give out along with it.*
Lotus: "This is not good! Tell Calen-chan and Maritima to stop you!"
*Faster than I open my mouth, my arm brings down Deesse Morte by itself.*
**CRACK*!!*
Shuma: "Arrrgh?!"
*A bone-crushing impact numbs my arm.*
*The blade of Deesse Morte, without life force wrapped around it, is thrown forcibly onto the asphalt. It's snapped in half and a broken piece flies away...*
Shuma: "Whoa?! What is this?!"
*Almost an infinite amount of life force bursts out of the broken Deesse Morte as if it has exploded!*
Calen: "W-what is this?!"
Mari: "Ew, I don't feel good...!"
*Affected by the life force, Calen and Mari stagger and collapse.*
Shuma: "Ugh...Calen, Mari...are you alright...?!"
*Sinister... I have no choice but to call this life force so.*
*Just feeling this life force close gives me goose bumps and freezes my spine.*
Enosh: "Now...I've accomplished one goal... I will take this life force."
Shuma: "What...did you say...?"
Enosh: "I am going to disappear now... But I shall...leave the rest...to another me..."
Shuma: "What do you mean...?! Hey, answer me. Hey?!"
*However, I can no longer feel the sign of Enosh who should be answering my question from within me.*
*All I can do is to simply look up and watch the whirling sinister life force rising into the sky and completely disappear...*
Shuma: "Damn...!"
*Soon the surroundings quiet down and I am able to move my body freely again.*
*I knew that Deesse Morte was targeted...but I was so easily taken in.*
Lotus: "We were outwitted, I suppose..."
Shuma: "Yeah...like this, I don't feel we won at all even though we took Lycoris back. I feel nothing but a sense of defeat."
*Calen and Mari who were affected by the sinister life force don't seem to be feeling good, but they will recover once they rest a little.*
*What is left is a broken Deesse Morte in my hand, a limp and weak Lycoris whom we managed to take back and...*
Shuma: "Aoi!"
*I finally run over to Aoi who's lying face down and lift her in my arms.*
Aoi: "...Shu...ma?"
Shuma: "I'm so relieved... You are alive."
*Lycoris' attack definitely stopped for a second when she tried to cut down Aoi.*
*Thanks to that, Aoi was spared from instant death, I think. Otherwise, she would be...*
Shuma: "You really pushed yourself too far...it's a miracle that you are alive like this."
*It is quite obvious from her cut up cloth, a wound peeping from under it and an amount of blood gushing out that Aoi is seriously injured.*
Aoi: "Ooh...*cough cough*! Where...is...Lyco...ris?"
Shuma: "We took her back. All because you worked hard."
Aoi: "I'm gla―*cough cough*!"
Shuma: "Don't talk, Aoi. I'll call an ambulance now and bring you to the hospital, so don't move."
Shuma: "First, we must stop your bleeding. Ask Mari to lick the wound and close it as much as we can before the ambulance arrives."
Lotus: "Wait, Shuma. You'd better not take her to a normal hospital, let alone a Rubina hospital. Also the fainting cases, how will you explain her injury?"
Shuma: "That's true but I can't leave her like this!"
Lotus: "Do not worry. You poured a lot of life force into her. For Aoi now, it will take a little while but this terrible wound will be closed and cured in time."
Lotus: "If you really worry, pour more life force into her, while wishing that her wound will close."
Shuma: "Huh? What are you―?"
Mari: "Ma-Master, we have trouble!"
Shuma: "What is it this time?!"
Calen: "Lycoris-san is in serious trouble!"
Aoi: "...Lyco...ris?"
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi. Don't try to move. Your wound will open up!"
*Good grief. She has a serious injury that can kill her. Still Lycoris is first...*
Shuma: "Okay, I'll bring you to Lycoris, so stay quiet."
*I lift up Aoi and rush over to Lycoris who had been held down by Calen and Mari.*
Shuma: "And what's wrong with... What's this?!"
Aoi: "...Ugh?!"
*Lycoris' toes have lost their color and changed into something inorganic.*
*Moreover, that change is gradually spreading toward her ankles.*
Calen: "This is petrification."
Shuma: "Petrification?!"
*Surely if you put it that way, this inorganic texture reminds me of stone... But does that kind of thing really happen? And why petrification?*
Aoi: "Wh...y?"
Lotus: "Possibly because she was possessed by Ladybug for a long time and on top of that, she was possessed by Enosh in succession."
*Calen puts her hand on Lycoris' forehead as if to check her condition.*
Calen: "Lycoris-san was a human and had not been turned into a familiar, but was still being possessed by Ladybug and was keeping Lady Pumila's life force."
Calen: "If that had been the only case, it would not have caused such a serious problem..."
Shuma: "Isn't the cause a lack of life force coming from long-term possession?"
Calen: "It is one of them. However, I suppose the real problem is that she kept a large amount of life force of different qualities within a short time."
Calen: "And her body was encroached upon by the mass of sinister life force called Enosh for a long time. Shuma-san, as you who sucked it out yourself may know, she must have borne such a heavy burden on her body."
Calen: "Possibly, a conflict was created between Lycoris-san's original life force and her human body. It is like a piece that cannot fit into a distorted mold."
Aoi: "Oh no...!"
Shuma: "Aren't there any ways to stop this?! We finally rescued her, but now...!"
Calen: "If we could dissolve the conflict between her life force and body, possibly... However, correction would require a long period. Meanwhile..."
Shuma: "She will be completely petrified."
Lotus: "In any case, we cannot do anything if we stay here. It is better to go home at once."
*As soon as we return home, I lay Lycoris, her wounds dressed, on the sofa.*
Lycoris: "Shu...ma... I...trouble...you, I say..."
Shuma: "Lycoris, are you awake?"
*Staying down wearily, Lycoris who is having a hard time just moving her face shifts her eyes and looks at me.*
Lycoris: "I...caused you...trouble, I say..."
Shuma: "Don't worry about it. It's not your fault."
Lycoris: "How is...Ao...i?"
Shuma: "Calen and Mari have been taking care of her in another room. She is resilient. She got a serious injury but she managed to escape death."
Shuma: "So, don't worry. Just worry about yourself now."
Lycoris: "I'm...glad... I must...apologize...her..."
Shuma: "Yeah, do so when you get better. Right now, don't force yourself to talk."
*I don't know if keeping her quiet can slow down petrification.*
*And I don't know what to say.*
*Meanwhile, petrification has gradually spread and already reached her ankles.*
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
*Aoi, who has been treated, comes into the room being supported by Mari.*
Lycoris: "...Aoi..."
Shuma: "I know you want to take care of her, but you are badly injured. Leave her to me and rest."
Aoi: "Y-yeah..."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
Aoi: "I'm alright. My closest friend is in crisis. I cannot lie down and rest."
Shuma: "Then fine... But don't work too hard."
Lotus: "...I know you are worried about Aoi but as you can see, nothing will happen to her now. Right now Lycoris is the first concern."
*Yeah, he is right. Death is approaching Lycoris. We must quickly help her.*
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
*I make room for Aoi who walks to the side of Lycoris while being supported by Mari.*
*As Aoi takes Lycoris' hand, Lycoris distorts her lips as if to mock herself.*
Lycoris: "It...serves me...right... On top...I hurt...Aoi..."
Aoi: "I'm alive and kicking...like this..."
Lycoris: "I'm...glad. If I had...killed my best friend...with my own hands, I couldn't...die and leave things..."
Aoi: "Don't say that sort of thing. I promise to save you."
Aoi: "There must be some way for sure...right? Right?"
*Aoi turns back and looks at me, as if to beg.*
Shuma: "Yeah, there must be. We will save her."
Aoi: "...Yeah!"
*Although I said it to Aoi who tries not to shed tears, I can't come up with a good idea so easily.*
Shuma: "Hey, Dad, don't you have any ideas?"
Lotus: "Hmm..."
*He groans once and becomes quiet.*
*As I look toward Calen, she just silently shakes her head.*
*As for Mari, she lowers her head down.*
Shuma: "......"
*Something...anything I can do...things I can do...*
Shuma: "Hey this happened because of the gap between her weakened human life force and body which stopped being human, right?"
Shuma: "Wouldn't it work if I pour life force back into her? It's gonna be like getting a power up; the same as Aoi. Then she can fight petrification."
Calen: "I thought about it also. But honestly, I wonder."
Aoi: "I think it's a good idea but...do you have a concern?"
Calen: "The life force you would pour into her, Shuma-san, is your life force as a vampire. I am not sure if weakened human life force can be put in order and revitalized..."
Calen: "I would like to think that it will not be completely ineffective, considering this will be done by you of the Embroche family who excels in controlling life force."
Calen: "It is a bit of a gamble so I cannot recommend it very strongly."
Shuma: "What do you mean by gamble?"
Calen: "The life force you pour into her would become the third life force succeeding Lady Pumila and Enosh's. It might weaken Lycoris-san's own life force further and speed up petrification."
Aoi: "That...if that happens...!"
Shuma: "If it becomes like sink or swim, it will be the last resort..."
Lotus: "......"
*Like thinking from a different angle, an idea from outside the box, a solution has to come from somewhere.*
*Hmm...thinking from a different angle?*
Shuma: "Well, if her body wants to stop being human, what about turning Lycoris into Calen's proper familiar and making her body and life force match?"
Aoi: "But if Lycoris is saved, she won't be human anymore...!"
Shuma: "Whoa! Don't get angry. I agree it's not a good idea, but I thought of considering it just in case."
Aoi: "Y-yeah..."
Shuma: "Then, what do you think?"
Calen: "Setting the result aside, we will be able to save her life."
Aoi: "...Setting the result aside?"
Calen: "Lycoris-san will become a familiar in this state."
Calen: "The petrification will stop. However until I expire, she must survive in this state. Her already petrified parts will remain as is, and she will be too weak to stand up on her own."
Shuma: "Ugh...that's..."
Lycoris: "...I'd rather...die...than...live forever...like this, I say..."
*I see that.*
Shuma: "I didn't say it purposely...but what about turning to the Rubina?"
Aoi: "No way, we can't trust them anymore. If God has already used his influence, both Lycoris and I might be disposed of instantly."
Shuma: "Right..."
*Every one gets quiet after that and no other ideas come up.*
Lycoris: "Haa...haa..."
*Meanwhile, Lycoris' petrification has been gradually progressing and has already reached past her ankles.*
*This is truly a matter of time.*
Lotus: "...Lady Pumila might have some ideas about this..."
Shuma: "Right, Iris! If she's lived for two thousand years, she may know a method to solve this situation!"
*Now is the time for us to do something about Enosh. We have no time to turn against each other.*
*If I stress that point and persuade her, I may be able to get her to cooperate.*
Aoi: "It may be so..."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
Lotus: "......"
*Everyone has responded so little to my idea, that I almost feel stupid for firing up like that.*
Mari: "Because it's that grandma, she will definitely tell you to awaken as a progenitor in exchange for her help."
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
Lotus: "And there is no guarantee that Lady Pumila can certainly solve this."
Calen: "Surely she is the best possible option as things stand. However, it would not be done for free as Mari-san says."
*Now that they've mentioned it, it's true. She is not the type to do charitable work just because she feels sorry.*
*I thought it was a good idea, so I'm ready for anything she's got...*
*After that, the living room gets so quiet that Lycoris' fragile and painful breaths sound awfully loud.*
*It seems we've run out of ideas.*
*So far we have three ideas.*
*However, as for turning Lycoris into Calen's familiar, Lycoris herself says she would rather die, so it's rejected.*
*So we have two options.*
*One is to turn to Iris for help, while being ready to pay the price.*
*This looks like an option which has a better chance for success. However, if this fails, not only will Lycoris not be saved, but also I will have paid the price for nothing.*
*The other option is to give my life force to Lycoris, although it's hit or miss.*
*Possibility of success is not very high but I can do it immediately. However, if it fails, Lycoris won't be saved and I might kill her right there.*
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Shuma: "Yeah, I know."
*It's a race against time. I must make a decision now.*
Lycoris: "...You don't...need to...take a chance."
Shuma: "Lycoris?"
Lycoris: "I attacked...many...people...caused...troub... I...almost...killed...Aoi..."
Lycoris: "If...I cause...any...mo...troub... I'll...die...now...to apologize..."
Aoi: "What are you saying?! I won't allow that!"
Shuma: "She's right. Don't say you'll apologize by dying. Leave everything to us."
*Time to hesitate has already passed. Brace yourself and decide what to do!*
====================E-AO04_02.TXT====================
Shuma: "Let's ask Iris for help."
Aoi: "Shuma...!"
Mari: "Master, is that really okay with you?!"
Shuma: "There is no 'okay' or 'not okay'. This is the best possible way to save Lycoris."
Calen: "We do not know what she will demand of you, but still you say you will ask for her assistance."
Shuma: "Yeah. I don't think she will ask for my life at least. So, I cannot weigh this against Lycoris' life."
Lotus: "I see. If you have prepared yourself for it, then it is fine."
Lycoris: "...Shu...ma... Sorry...I...say..."
Shuma: "Don't worry. I'm gonna do it because I want to. That's it."
Aoi: "Shuma, sorry... I'm really sorry!"
Shuma: "It's not something you should feel sorry for, Aoi. Your best friend may be saved by this, so try to be happier."
Aoi: "Yes...thank you, Shuma."
*Okay, it's settled.*
Shuma: "Then, straight to Iris―"
*.........*
Aoi: "What's wrong, Shuma? You've suddenly froze."
Shuma: "...How can I ask Iris?"
Aoi: "...Oh!"
Calen: "Come to think of it, Lady Pumila is in the castle in Racronia. Even if we ask her to come by airplane, by then it might possibly..."
Calen: "Before that, the trouble is how to contact her, I suppose."
*Petrification is gradually approaching to her calves. We cannot make it in time at this rate.*
Shuma: "Mari, don't you know how to contact her?! If we can talk to her at least, we might be able to learn how to save Lycoris!"
Mari: "Well, she's a living fossil in an old castle that time forgot. There are no modern conveniences like electronics, computers or mobiles."
Shuma: "No good!"
Lotus: "An unexpected pitfall has been waiting for us..."
Aoi: "......"
*I made them expect Lycoris might be saved and now this. This is all the more cruel!*
Shuma: "Damn..."
*This is way too stupid.*
*Should we try to find a way to contact her somehow? But can we find it? And if we do, can we save Lycoris in time?*
*Maybe it's better to bet on some other method...*
Lycoris: "...There...is..."
Shuma: "Eh? There is...you mean, there is a way to contact Iris?!"
Lycoris: "...Yes, I say."
Aoi: "Really, Lycoris! What is the way?!"
Lycoris: "...Mirror, I say. The warehouse...port...has...the mirror. I...got...instructions...from...Iris Pumila..."
Shuma: "If we use it, we can talk to Iris?!"
Lycoris: "...Yes, I say."
*Great, now we can save Lycoris!*
Shuma: "Then, let's go straight to the warehouse!"
Shuma: "According to Lycoris, it's one of these warehouses around here."
Calen: "She used this sort of place as her base. As a minion of a progenitor, it's smart and pitiful at the same time."
*With Calen, I search rows of warehouses looking for the mark Lycoris told us about.*
*Actually, Aoi wanted to come, but she just had a serious injury and Lycoris needs someone to cheer her up, so I left them both in Mari's care.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, is it not that building?"
Shuma: "Oh, probably."
*Calen and I enter the warehouse.*
Iris: "Huh?"
Calen: "Eek?!"
Shuma: "Waaaah!! She's appeared!!"
*She's here! Iris is already here!!*
Lotus: "Lady Pumila...?!"
Iris: "You came in suddenly and screamed at me. What impudent kids."
Shuma: "Whoa, really?! But, I mean, where is she?!"
*It was so out of the blue that I've jumped right into a fighting stance without even thinking.*
Iris: "You meet your acquaintance again and cannot even greet her properly. Have you not been taught any manners at all?"
Calen: "Shuma-san, the real thing...this presence proves that she is the real Lady Pumila."
*Calen trembles as if she has been overpowered, and tells me this while lowering her voice.*
*I also know from the presence.*
*I only met her once in the beginning of everything, but I can't forget this feeling.*
Iris: "Hmm...this condition is indeed pretty terrible."
*She looks all around as if she's paying no attention to us at all.*
*Her eyes are not focused on the state of the warehouse, but something else...somewhere far away.*
Iris: "I was sensing that interference from Derniere had been increasing, but I didn't expect it would be this much."
Iris: "*Sigh*... Hmph, this is all because you would not awaken as a progenitor as I planned, boy."
Shuma: "Don't look at me so critically."
*It's not that I never thought about it.*
Shuma: "Anyway, when did you come to Japan?"
Iris: "A little before you arrived. I came through the mirror."
Calen: "That mirror...it is for that?"
*I don't know the details, but this mirror is something like a magical item you can use, not only to communicate, but also to go back and forth through.*
*Well, I don't care much about it right now. It's just convenient that Iris is here in Japan.*
Shuma: "See, Iris, actually, we want to―"
Iris: "Now that things have come to this point, it is more urgent to eliminate Enosh than to make Shuma awaken as a progenitor."
Shuma: "This is related to what we want to ask―"
Iris: "In a dusty place like this, I cannot settle down to talk. Shuma, take me to your castle."
*Damn, this grandma doesn't listen to anyone as usual!*
*But if she comes to my home, it's convenient.*
Shuma: "Alright, I'll take you to my house. But please listen to us, too."
Iris: "Hmmph, I see, it turned out to be like this."
Mari: "Eek?! L-Lady P-PP-Pumila?!"
Aoi: "Is she real?! How can she be here?!"
*As soon as we are back and enter the living room, a small panic erupts.*
Shuma: "Calen and I just made it happen, so please skip it."
Lycoris: "...Iris Pumila...long time...no see...I say..."
*Lycoris might have known this would happen. Only she manages to have something between a forced smile and sarcasm on her face.*
Shuma: "The situation is just as I explained. Please."
Iris: "Dear me. You got involved with the troublesome one."
*Iris touches Lycoris' forehead with a somewhat bothered face.*
*Petrification has already past her calves and reached her knees.*
*Aoi looks really cautious about Iris. She is ready to jump in immediately if anything happens to Lycoris.*
Iris: "Hmm...this is much worse than I imagined it to be."
Shuma: "Could you tell just by doing that?"
Iris: "Yes. Surely you cannot possibly have lost being human this much. Even though you were possessed by my familiar and Enosh, your life force could not have been disturbed to the point that it makes you this weak."
Iris: "Lycoris, you are reckless. You resisted Enosh considerably, didn't you?"
Lycoris: "...Don't...talk that...before...Aoi..."
Aoi: "Eh...Lycoris, what do you mean?"
Lycoris: "......"
Iris: "Oh, you have kept the secret to yourself. Now that she knows, why do you not explain it to her?"
*Considering she revealed it herself, what a terrible way of saying it!*
*Aoi takes Lycoris' hand and grabs it.*
Aoi: "Lycoris, are you keeping something from me? Please tell me."
Lycoris: "...No...choice."
*Lycoris gives a reproachful glance to Iris then locks eyes with Aoi.*
Lycoris: "...When...I was...possessed by...the shadow of God...I...soon...realized...God is not...really...God..."
Lycoris: "...You...possessed first...must...have...realized...too..."
Lycoris: "...You...must have...been...really...shocked..."
Lycoris: "...You...needed time...to...recover..."
Aoi: "...! And...you fought for me...?"
Lycoris: "...For my best...friend, I say...of course..."
Aoi: "...Lycoris!"
*The reason Lycoris stopped for a moment when Aoi slashed at her is because she resisted with all her power to protect Aoi.*
Shuma: "Both of you have a good best friend."
Aoi: "Yeah!"
Lycoris: "...Best friend I'm...proud of."
*You two are incredible. I'm envious.*
Iris: "Stop your tear-jerking story right there. It does not get us anywhere. So, you are asking me to do something about it, correct?"
*Damn, why doesn't she feel out the situation?*
Shuma: "That means, you can save Lycoris, can't you?!"
Iris: "Naturally."
Shuma: "Great! Please do it."
Iris: "I do not mind your asking a favor of me, however you cannot possibly expect that I would do it for nothing, can you?"
Aoi: "...Ugh."
*There's a catch, as I expected.*
Shuma: "...No, of course not. Well, name your price."
Iris: "Good, that makes it much easier."
Lycoris: "......"
Iris: "Naturally, what I wish for is your awakening as a progenitor, boy."
*...Of course she comes back with that.*
Iris: "It is long overdue, but not completely useless either. If the barrier is fortified even from now, things are at least a little better."
Shuma: "I guess so..."
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Shuma: "Don't look like that. I've decided it already."
Iris: "I see, you have been preparing for it. It is commendable."
Lycoris: "Shuma...you didn't...want to...awaken...so...much. I'm...sorry...I say."
Shuma: "As I said, I don't need that anymore."
*It is not that I've accepted it after agreeing to everything. Rather, it's that one person's life depends on this.*
Iris: "Then, I shall pour life force into you. Absorb it and awaken as a progenitor. Understood?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Do it."
*Iris stretches out her hand toward me.*
*My life as a human being will end here, I guess. Goodbye, human me.*
Aoi: "W...wait!!"
Shuma: "Aoi?"
*Iris' hand stops right before it touches me.*
Iris: "What, girl?"
Aoi: "I really cannot agree to this!"
Iris: "Then, what are you going to do? Will you abandon your friend as she is?"
Aoi: "Do it for free!"
Lotus: "Aoi, what are you...!"
Iris: "So...I shall work for nothing, you say."
Aoi: "Yes, naturally!"
Calen: "Stop now, Aoi-san! We shall not offend Lady Pumila!"
Mari: "Right! You'll get finger-snapped!"
Aoi: "I don't care about how great Iris is!"
Iris: "You are bold to say this. Do you want to die, girl?"
Aoi: "In the first place, you are responsible for Lycoris being like this too, Iris."
Iris: "What did you say?"
Aoi: "I don't know if you wanted Shuma to awaken as a progenitor or what, but the root cause is from you attacking him. Didn't you have any better way?"
Iris: "Hum..."
Aoi: "On top of it all, you got Lycoris involved and did whatever you wanted! Thanks to you, Lycoris is suffering right now!"
Mari: "Oh...certainly, Lady Pumila did mess things up."
Calen: "If you put it that way, you could say it is Lady Pumila who is to blame in the first place."
Iris: "Ugh...a-all of you, who do you think I am?"
Shuma: "No, in this case, it's nothing to do with who you are."
Shuma: "Right, Aoi just made me realize. Why was I willing to do as I was told?"
Shuma: "I'm Iris' victim, too. So why do I have to pay the price as she tells me to? Usually it's the opposite, right?"
*I was thinking that I'm asking her for a favor...so I didn't realize this at all.*
Lycoris: "...Now that...you say that...I'm the...number one victim...I say."
Iris: "Well, that is..."
Lycoris: "...You used me...all you want...then...you don't...take care...of me...and...dump me...denying...all knowledge...of me?"
Aoi: "Then, you are the same as that god!"
Iris: "What?! You dare to put me on the same level with that one?!"
Aoi: "If you don't like that, help Lycoris now."
Iris: "Ugh..."
Mari: "Oh, we've got you there. You have lost, Lady Pumila."
Iris: "Uggggggh..."
Shuma: "Alright, paying my price or whatever I said, forget it. I'll start over. Iris, take on your own responsibility and bring Lycoris back as she was."
Iris: "Damn you...!"
*All of us stare at Iris.*
Iris: "Drats! It shall be fine if I do it, so I shall!"
*Great!!*
Aoi: "I'm glad, Shuma!"
Lycoris: "...I'm...relieved...I say."
Calen: "I was a little anxious, but I am glad that everything is settled peacefully."
Lotus: "Truly indeed."
Iris: "Really, you dare to use me, a progenitor who has lived two thousand years, for free. If we were under different circumstances, I would tear all of you into pieces."
*Although she says unsettling things in her desperation, I wonder if she's felt at least a little responsible, since she agreed to help Lycoris.*
*At her core, she seems not to be as bad as I expected.*
Iris: "However, is this really fine for you?"
Shuma: "Hey, hey, do you still have something up your sleeve?"
Mari: "You are a sore loser."
Iris: "I shall make you disappear, stupid dog!"
Mari: "*Yelp, yelp*!"
*Don't hide behind me.*
Shuma: "So, what now?"
Iris: "I shall use a fair amount of life force to save this girl, given her condition."
Iris: "Moreover, she shall not be immediately cured. It shall be required that she rests to regulate the life force within her."
Aoi: "Ah...that means..."
Iris: "Right, as long as it is necessary to regulate her life force, my constant attendance shall be required here. I shall not leave to fight Enosh."
Shuma: "Seriously?!"
*Iris came to Japan for that. If she must retire from the fight in this way, our fighting power will be a great deal weaker.*
Shuma: "...Yes, it's fine. Please do it."
Lotus: "Are you sure? It will be a severe blow to our fighting strength."
Shuma: "It's not like I was counting on Iris from the start, and we can't escape this urgent problem without making some sacrifice."
Iris: "I see. Then Shuma, the fight against Enosh is your responsibility to win. Understood?"
Shuma: "Yeah, leave it to me."
Iris: "Then fine."
Aoi: "Err...! Please take good care of her!"
*Aoi straightens her back and gives a deep bow.*
Iris: "Hmph. It is not you who I do it for. But if I do nothing after being talked to like that, it shall affect the progenitor's good name."
Iris: "Then, youngest daughter of the Officinalis, give me that!"
Calen: "What is 'that'?"
Iris: "Stop playing innocent. The box you were given as part of your trousseaux."
Calen: "――?!"
Calen: "D-do you know about it...?"
Iris: "You better watch your mouth. Who do you think I am?! Hold your tongue and bring it to me now."
*What? What is she talking about?*
Calen: "H-however, how will you use it...?"
Iris: "Enough. I shall find it myself."
Calen: "P-please wait, Lady Pumila!"
Aoi: "Hey, what are they talking about?"
Shuma: "I don't know."
Iris: "I made you wait."
Calen: "......"
*Why does Calen look sad?*
Iris: "Then, let it begin."
*She says only that before she starts.*
*With no explanation, she's carrying a box which seems to have been seized from Calen, and opens its lid.*
Iris: "Hmph...!"
*As soon as Iris holds her hand over it, life force flows out of her hand and gets sucked into the box.*
*It is an amazing amount.*
Lotus: "That is great, Lady Pumila. This life force has incredible quality and density."
Aoi: "......"
*Aoi looks on, holding her breath.*
*I gently clasp her clenched hand with mine.*
Shuma: "We don't need to worry about it."
Aoi: "Yes...thank you."
*I grip her hand that's holding my hand.*
Iris: "Phew...that should be sufficient."
*She must have released a huge amount of life force. Iris' face looks a little tired as she wipes sweat off her brow.*
*Then she closes the lid and leaves the box on Lycoris' chest.*
Aoi: "Well, what are you going to do with it?"
Iris: "Stay quiet, girl. You distract me."
Shuma: "She's getting nervous because you're not explaining anything."
Calen: "Lady Pumila intends to regulate Lycoris-san's disarrayed life force and supplement her lacking life force by converting the life force in this box into human life force."
Aoi: "I see, that's what this is."
Shuma: "Thank you for explaining."
Calen: "No problem..."
*So, why is she so down?*
Iris: "Stay still for a while. Do not move."
*Iris holds her hand over Lycoris' forehead and instructs her carefully.*
Lycoris: "......"
*Somehow, Lycoris' pained face seems to be relieved.*
*Maybe she has regulated Lycoris' life force.*
Iris: "Then, here we go."
*She touches the box with her hand and...pushes it inside?!*
Aoi: "The box...is being sucked into Lycoris' body?!"
*The box quickly disappears into Lycoris' body.*
Iris: "I will open the lid slightly and convert the life force while pouring it into you. I do not think you will feel any discomfort, but if something goes wrong with your body, tell me. I shall close the lid."
Lycoris: "...I...understand."
Iris: "Now, I'll open."
Lycoris: "......"
Aoi: "Oh! Look! Lycoris' legs!"
Shuma: "The petrification seems to be quickly fading!"
*Her legs which were petrified to the top of the knees gradually return from there, to her calves, then ankles.*
*Finally, her legs have completely returned to normal.*
Iris: "Phew...success."
Shuma: "We did it, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Yeah!"
Shuma: "Lycoris, I'm glad!"
Lycoris: "Thanks to this, I'm feeling much better."
*Her healthy complexion returns along with the strength in her voice. She's finally all better!*
Lycoris: "Aoi, Shuma, sorry for making you worry, I say."
Aoi: "Lycoris, I'm really glad."
Lycoris: "Iris Pumila, you helped me. I thank you, I say!"
Iris: "Stop with the merrymaking. We are not done yet."
Iris: "We are simply temporarily fooling your body with my own life force. We must maintain this for some time until your original life force is fully restored."
Iris: "Then, we shall gradually pull out my life force. When my life force is completely removed, then you will finally be cured. Remember that."
Shuma: "Yeah. But now Lycoris will be saved for sure. Thank you!"
Aoi: "Thank you...very much! I really...thank you...!"
Iris: "Do not cry. It is depressing."
*Maybe she is feeling shy? She does have a cute side?*
Lotus: "Good grief. For a time, I worried what would happen. I am glad it went well though."
Shuma: "Yeah, me too."
*Now I can fight Enosh without reserve.*
Iris: "Stupid dog, no meal yet."
Lycoris: "Starving, I say."
*Those two have completely settled into my house.*
Mari: "Yes, yes, yes, in a minute!"
*Mari, who is busy carrying out dishes, has two more to take care of. It looks like she's having a hard time doing house work like cooking, cleaning and laundry.*
Mari: "Please Master and country lady. You over there...and another sponger... Don't just give me lazy looks. How about helping me a little? Morning is very busy."
Shuma: "You are a maid. Don't try to make your master help you."
Calen: "Indeed."
Aoi: "Now that she says I'm a sponger so plainly, I feel cheap and uncomfortable if I don't help her."
*Aoi stands up to help Mari set the table.*
Shuma: "I apologize for my useless maid."
Aoi: "This is nothing. She is looking after Lycoris too, you know."
Mari: "If you want to be arrogant and respected, why don't you become Master's mistress?"
Aoi: "W-what are you taking about?!"
Shuma: "R-right. It doesn't mean anything because, to begin with, you have no respect for me―your master―and you try to make me help you."
Shuma: "If you want help, why don't you ask the newest sponger, Iris."
Mari: "I'm too scared to do that!"
*She says it openly.*
Calen: "This is unpleasant."
Shuma: "True."
Iris: "Do not make noises during a meal, you fools."
Shuma: "Hey, don't start eating by yourself. Wait until the table is set for everyone. I told you so at yesterday's lunch AND dinner."
Iris: "I am reluctant, but shall give in and sit with Shuma and Calen, both of whom belong to one of the three clans. But why must I sit at the same table with a stupid dog maid and ex-Rubina? How unpleasant!"
*She comes back with exactly the same words. Use your brains a little.*
Mari: "She says that, but she doesn't start telling me to stagger hours or prepare it in another room. She'll feel lonely eating meals alone, won't she?"
Lycoris: "Oh, that's what it is. You are not honest, I say."
Shuma: "Oh yeah, you do have a cute side."
Iris: "O-on what ground?! Do you all wish to be strangled to death?!"
Aoi: "Yes, yes, this is meal time so we should be quiet, right?"
Iris: "Uggggggh...!"
Lotus: "Now that it has come to this, Lady Pumila, the progenitor who has lived two thousand years comes to naught."
Lotus: "Our home has become quite lively."
Shuma: "It must be so."
*Until recently it was only me.*
Mari: "Here. It's ready. Let's start!"
*Except for the one who has been eating already, all of us put our hands together, then start breakfast.*
Shuma: "I've been thinking about this for some time, but what are those three clans you speak proudly of, Iris?"
Shuma: "I heard those three clans have been the keystone of the barrier, but why did it come to that in the first place?"
Aoi: "I want to know that too. I was always wondering about it, but we were busy with many things and had no chance to find out."
Iris: "Hum? What! Don't you know such things?"
*Iris says it grumpily while tearing bread, throwing a piece into her mouth and drinking coffee.*
Iris: "The three clans are the vampires who sought a new world and passed through the wall of space and time, coming to this world from our home, Derniere, and the families who have succeeded in our bloodline."
*Our noisy table suddenly becomes quiet.*
Shuma: "Whaaaaaaaaat?!"
Shuma: "Wait a sec, it sounds like you're saying vampires are from another world and they came to this one?!"
Iris: "Huh? I thought that's what I said."
Aoi: "Vampires are from another world?!"
*Am I a descendant of those residents who came from another world?! Being a vampire is already over-the-top, but I'm actually not even from here?!*
Shuma: "Mari, Calen, is this true?!"
Mari: "No, no, no, no, this is my first time hearing it too."
Calen: "I had not heard this either. My father told me nothing of the sort!"
Shuma: "Dad?!"
Lotus: "...Well, I am learning this for the first time as well. My predecessor did not tell me anything about it. I cannot believe our family has such a secret..."
Lycoris: "Does this mean vampires were invaders from another world?!"
Aoi: "No way... Shuma, is that true?"
Shuma: "Don't look at me like that! I don't want you to think I'm an invader!"
Iris: "No, the so-called invaders are the ones who call themselves God: Enosh."
Iris: "I told you. The barrier is there to prevent Derniere's life force from interfering with this world as much as possible."
Mari: "Now I realize, Aoi-san and Lycoris-san were used as minions by the invaders."
Lycoris: "No, I say?! I never meant to be their minion?!"
Aoi: "S-she's right! I was fighting for the people in this world!"
Shuma: "In short, you brought Derniere's civil war into this world."
Iris: "I must say, do not lower me to the level of those swindlers. It is unpleasant!"
Shuma: "Then, what is God anyway?"
Iris: "It was a coincidence for us, the original three, to arrive in this world. However, Derniere's fiends found out about this place."
Iris: "The Enosh were sent here to devour this world's clean life force. We eliminated them and put up the barrier to protect this world."
Iris: "However, they were a tenacious bunch. Their bodies are gone but their thoughts refused to die out. When they found out they could return to Derniere no more, they scattered around this world and continued to exist to this day."
Iris: "Above all, their compatibility with religion seems outstanding. Deceiving ignorant people, obtaining life force from stagnant emotions they call 'prayers'. It must have been fitting feed for the Enosh."
Aoi & Lycoris: "......"
*Words seem to be failing both of them.*
*That is the same for me and the others, too.*
Iris: "And the Enosh have been collecting life force, so that this world and Derniere can be―"
Shuma: "Stop!! Stooooooop!!!"
Iris: "For...what? In the middle of our talk?!"
Shuma: "Please wait a minute. Please feel for us. If more shocking facts keep coming, our heads will explode."
*Everyone is already in a small state of panic.*
Iris: "You selfish bunch. You are the ones who asked me for the story."
Aoi: "Please give us time to organize our feelings and process this."
*Yeah, I understand she is at her wits' end.*
*Especially for Aoi, this is her second identity crisis.*
*For a while, each person tries to understand the story by fighting with their own emotional conflict, and time keeps going as they try to make sense of everything and to reconcile things for themselves.*
*Meanwhile, all we can hear are small groans and sighs plus the clattering sound of dishes that Iris makes as she continues to eat.*
*I wonder how long we have stayed like this. Aoi opens her mouth first.*
Aoi: "Well, does this mean...the Rubina was organized to fulfill God's ambition?"
Iris: "That is not it."
Aoi: "Eh?"
Iris: "The one who started the Rubina is the First Embroche."
Lotus: "What...! The hostile organization which has been hunting vampires was originally started by our ancestor?"
Lycoris: "Yet another a new fact. Really, my head feels like bursting."
Shuma: "Why would a vampire start up an organization that hunts vampires?"
Iris: "That..."
*She suddenly stammers. Is there some terrible secret?*
Shuma: "You already said this much so please tell us the truth."
Iris: "Well, how shall I put this... It was around the time we just arrived in this world..."
*Why is it so difficult for her to tell us?*
Iris: "Ahem! There was a conflict of opinions between the First Embroche and me concerning the way to deal with humans, the natives of this world."
Iris: "So in order to counter me, the one who has mighty powers, the First Embroche organized the Rubina."
Aoi: "Then the Rubina was originally an organization to fight against Iris."
Shuma: "So what happened from the conflict?"
Iris: "You know the result. Both sides were held responsible and the matter was left unsettled."
*Right, otherwise Iris and I wouldn't both be here like this.*
Lycoris: "Then why did the organization turn into the hand of God?"
Iris: "I do not know the details. Since the conflict between the First Embroche and me ended vaguely, the role of the Rubina finished there."
Iris: "Apparently, it seems they left the control of the First Embroche and became independent."
Iris: "In all likelihood, after that, Enosh noticed and used them."
Iris: "They were originally created to fight against a vampire. There is no better organization to hunt the progenitors, the keystone of the barrier."
Aoi: "Then, after all..."
Iris: "You were reduced to minions of the invader."
Aoi: "Waaaaaaaaaaah!!!"
Shuma: "Calm down, Aoi! You're not a minion of the invader. You were working hard on the humans' side! So don't worry!"
Lycoris: "...After all this, I should...atone for my crimes with my life, I say..."
Shuma: "No! It's not like that!"
Shuma: "Hey Iris, please choose your words more carefully!"
Iris: "Fact is fact."
Mari: "Oh, would anyone like another cup of coffee? How about more bread?"
Shuma: "Hey Mari, you're escaping from reality, aren't you?"
Mari: "Well, I cannot keep up with that complicated story anymore."
Mari: "I will focus on my maid work. I will leave worrying and coming to a conclusion to you and the others."
Mari: "When you reach a decision, please let me know. I'll follow you."
*It's not that I don't understand her feelings, but this is just abandoning her will to think.*
*In times like this, I envy stupid people.*
Calen: "I do not agree with abandoning the thought process, but what Mari-san says is not entirely wrong."
Calen: "Whatever your past is, what is important is what you do now and what you want to do."
*And what you should do.*
Shuma: "We will crush Enosh and bring peace to this world."
*The story gets so big that it still doesn't click with me, but it is this in the end.*
*And above all...*
*If from this story Aoi has felt she is responsible or she has a debt to pay, I want even more to defeat the evil, this fake god, and help her say with confidence she has fought for the people in this world.*
*Oh...and for Lycoris, too!*
Aoi: "Right. Simply that."
*Lycoris also nods along with Aoi's words. That is their identities.*
*There are no objections from Calen, either. Unanimously we agree on our course.*
Aoi: "What's happened makes me painfully realize how difficult it is to maintain a balance of the mind and an identity."
Lycoris: "Just getting information we hadn't seen before turns us upside down so easily."
Shuma: "I agree."
Mari: "Oh, but this is not the end yet."
Calen: "Come to think of it, Lady Pumila, you were about to say something before."
Shuma: "Right. Geez...it's like I want to hear it and I don't want to hear it."
Aoi: "I don't want to hear it anymore. I'm afraid of what else might come out."
Shuma: "It's not going to go like that. If we're going to eat poison, we might as well eat the whole plate."
Shuma: "Iris, tell us the rest."
Iris: "Hmm? Oh, I was about to say that the reason the Enosh have been collecting life force is to open a hole between Derniere and this world and make them one."
Shuma: "What?!"
Iris: "In Derniere, stagnant life force had accumulated. That is why the three clans sought a new land and came to this world."
Iris: "However, it seems Enosh cannot give up on Derniere. He's trying to continue Derniere by capturing the life force of this world."
Iris: "Humans can be a suitable supply source of fine life force."
Shuma: "That's serious!"
Lycoris: "That means every human will be bait and have their life force sucked out?!"
Aoi: "That's why he wanted to do something about the progenitors, the keystone of the barrier."
Iris: "That is correct."
Shuma: "I see. It's the reason Enosh has been active recently, to the point of revealing his true identity. There is no better chance than now when I haven't awakened as a progenitor..."
Lotus: "......"
Iris: "Y-yes."
Iris: "Ahem! In short, it is because of this situation that I've tried to make you awaken as a progenitor. Understand now?"
Iris: "Day by day, Enosh's influence has been growing. It seems you cannot see it yet, but the presence of Derniere is becoming strong."
Iris: "I already told you that I came to Japan to do something about this, but as you can see, I cannot move right now."
Iris: "Therefore, the fastest and most effective approach is that you awaken as a progenitor, Shuma."
Shuma: "Ugh...that's on hold a bit longer."
Iris: "This is no time to be talking so complacently."
*Now that imminent danger is clearly upon us, it is certainly true but...*
*Since I learned that vampires are from another world, it's all the more...*
Calen: "By the way, excuse me for changing the subject, but you are very kind and told us a great deal this time, Lady Pumila."
Iris: "I-is there any problem?"
Calen: "No. Simply I have wondered a little why you talked about all of this without demanding anything, even though you asked us to pay a price for helping Lycoris-san."
Shuma: "Yeah, that's true. What made you do that?"
Iris: "Ugh...babbling out unnecessary things..."
Calen: "Yes?"
Iris: "Nothing."
Aoi: "Then, why?"
Lycoris: "*Staaare*."
Mari: "*Staaare*."
*All of us focus on Iris.*
Iris: "What is all this? Do you want to say I am greedy?!"
Shuma: "No, I wouldn't go so far as to say that."
Iris: "You are saying it!"
Iris: "Ahem! As long as I cannot move from here, you must win instead of me."
Iris: "That is why I advised you. Simply, that is all. Yes, that is all."
*What she is saying makes sense, but I don't feel comfortable with it somehow.*
Shuma: "Is there anything else you haven't said...or have been hiding from us?"
Iris: "You have all the information I think necessary to defeat Enosh. What I've taught you should be enough."
Aoi: "I think so. The enemy's identity, purpose and motive to fight are all clear. We don't need any more."
*Her face says she doesn't want any more outrageous information to pop up.*
Shuma: "Well, I guess so."
*I can see the enemy's true identity and purpose and understand how serious this is.*
*Now, I can put even more effort into fighting the god.*
Iris: "*Sigh of relief*..."
Lotus: "......"
*Soon after, just as Iris had explained that Enosh's presence would get stronger each day, we were able to see the change with our own eyes.*
Sakurako: "Oh, Shuma. Long time no see! Is your fever down? Is your sperm okay?"
Shuma: "That's the excuse you came up with?!"
Sakurako: "Oops, that's right...tee hee♪"
Shuma: "It's not 'tee hee♪'. The reason I felt that everyone was looking at my you-know-what as soon as I entered the classroom wasn't because of my imagination, but because of your mischief, right?"
Sakurako: "Long time no see, everyone. I read Aoi's text. It was like, really terrible."
Shuma: "Listen to me!"
*Since we saved Lycoris, the enemy's presence has gotten stronger, but Enosh hasn't turned up or made a noticeable move.*
*So, without turning up any results after skipping school and running around town, we decided to come back to school...*
Male Friend: "Shuma, did it fall off?"
Shuma: "It didn't! Come on! Your friend is back at school after a long time off and that's the first thing you say?!"
Male A: "Then, was your sperm all wiped out properly?"
Male B: "Divine punishment, it's divine punishment. You tried to pork those three girls, you greedy son of a bitch!"
Girl A: "Test! Let's do a test! Maybe he's able to ejaculate, but has no sperm. I can help you, if you want!"
Girl B: "Let's put it into a sperm bank right now. About a liter."
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako! There's nothing we can do about how these girls are reacting, but the guys are just terrible!"
*As for passive mesmerization, I've given up on that.*
Sakurako: "Huh? Yeah, to make your pneumonia sound real, I kept lying and mixed fact and fiction and so on."
Shuma: "That couldn't be worse!"
*Aside from the beginning, I can picture she dramatized it to be funny along the way.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen, please solve this quickly as you usually do."
Calen: "That is too much work."
Mari: "You should make moves on the human girls now."
Aoi: "We have more important things to talk about."
Shuma: "Every one of you think it's somebody else's business, don't you?!"
*But as Aoi suggests, we have more of an emergency situation than this.*
*Some students in the classroom are gossiping about it.*
Male C: "We keep having this fog from morning to night these days."
Girl C: "It's like we are in London, you know? Kind of romantic."
Girl D: "But, but, I heard ghosts are wandering around in the fog at night."
Girl C: "Ghosts? No way!"
Male B: "Yeah, I heard that, too. Weird and creepy-looking monsters are wandering around attacking people night after night."
Girl C: "Seriously? I can't go to the convenience store anymore."
*Yeah, we are not supposed to have this kind of weather, but a thin fog hangs over the town all day long and it gets thicker day by day.*
*In addition, there is a rumor about monsters.*
Aoi: "This fog is what Iris was talking about..."
Shuma: "Yeah, the presence of Enosh, I guess."
Mari: "Something like, Enosh's power is growing strong and now you can see it in the form of fog."
Calen: "Moreover, he has been producing strange monsters and collecting life force night after night."
Shuma: "Yeah. They keep kicking my ass, one after another."
Aoi: "If Derniere and this world are merged into one, those monsters will be striding through the whole town all day and all night..."
*It sounds like the end of the world and the beginning of hell.*
Shuma: "We must hunt them so that Enosh can't have his way."
Aoi: "Then, again from tonight."
Shuma: "Yeah, let's go hunting."
Aoi: "Shuma, it's going your way!"
Shuma: "Thanks for chasing it to me! I'll take it from here!"
Shuma: "There!"
Shadow: "Owowow...ow...!"
Shuma: "Phew..."
Aoi: "...It looks like you are having trouble."
Shuma: "Sorry. They are slow and not very strong, but..."
*I raise Deesse Morte in my hand and look up at it's blade.*
*It is perfectly restored and there's no sign that it was broken.*
*However, its power is far less than what it used to be.*
Shuma: "As Iris said, whether I use it to disperse or absorb life force, it's so weak and no match to what it was."
Shuma: "If the sword was like before, I could destroy this small fry with one blow."
Aoi: "Then how is it? You got rid of a few, so is it getting better?"
Shuma: "Not at all."
Shuma: "As long as I keep letting the blade absorb, it's supposed to regain its previous power some day, but I wonder how long it'll take at this rate. Absorbing a few small fry changes nothing."
*If I just absorbed them myself, I'd probably become stronger more quickly.*
Aoi: "I see..."
Shuma: "A new weapon...maybe I'll get into trouble unless I find something."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Oh, sorry. Now is not the time to lose my nerve."
Aoi: "Don't say sorry. There's nothing you can do."
Shuma: "...Alright, change of plan. As Iris said, I'll absorb these small fry myself."
Aoi: "But, if you do that, Shuma..."
Shuma: "I can't stay selfish in this situation."
*I really don't want to do it, but as long as I have trouble with small fry, it will be completely impossible to fight against Enosh.*
Mari: "Here, here, this way, this way!"
*Mari and Calen lead another small fry from the inner part of the park.*
Aoi: "I'll distract it."
Shuma: "Thanks."
*While Aoi's diversionary attack is distracting the monster's attention, I swiftly close in.*
Shuma: "If I remember correctly, like this... Assimilation Gate!"
*As I learned from Iris, I press two fingers to my lips, spread a filter of my own life force between them and breath in, like inhaling life force in one breath.*
Shuma: "Ugh, creepy, yuck!!"
*Just then, the weird-looking monster's outline gets blurred and elongated, it passes between my fingers and streams into my mouth as it's converted into normal life force.*
*This is not a man's work, it doesn't look right visually. But even worse, it tastes shitty like God's shadow.*
*Compared to this, biting then absorbing is way cooler looking.*
Shadow: "Owowow...ow...!"
*However, soon the monster can no longer maintain its existence, and the whole thing gets sucked into my mouth as it fades out.*
Shuma: "Yuck...tastes bad."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "W-what?"
Aoi: "Creepy. That was not a man's work."
Shuma: "Ugh...please don't say that. I was thinking the same exact thing."
Shuma: "Iris should have taught me a better way."
Aoi: "But well, you see, it's like a gourd that sucks Golden and Silver Horned Kings in Journey to the West. Somehow, it is like a legendary killer technique...that kind of feeling, I think?"
Shuma: "Too contrived. That's not helping."
Aoi: "Yeah, I thought it wasn't working while I was saying it, too."
Calen: "After all, you have decided to absorb it yourself, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Well, kind of."
*As I shoulder an ineffective Deesse Morte, what Iris told me suddenly comes to my mind.*
Iris: "Now, for the restoration of Deesse Morte that you asked me about..."
Shuma: "Wow, amazing! It's attached. And I can't see any joints."
Iris: "Don't frolic around. Really, you broke it so carelessly. This is incomparable to common blunt swords."
Shuma: "D-don't make a scary face. I am sorry."
Shuma: "I promise to use it carefully this time. Anyway, I won't get anywhere without it."
Iris: "Fool. It is restored only on it's surface. The current Deesse Morte is no different from a mere lump of iron."
Shuma: "What...?"
Iris: "You told me a large amount of ominous life force blew out when Deesse Morte was broken off."
Iris: "That was the power of Enosh which we, the progenitors of the three clans fought and confined."
Shuma: "Is that so?!"
Iris: "If I must say it differently, the progenitors are beings who are adapted to this world while still holding the life force of Derniere heavily within them."
Iris: "The reason why the progenitors play the role of the keystone for the barrier is that we can handle the same life force as that of Derniere."
Iris: "In other words, Deesse Morte could demonstrate power up to now, since it contained Enosh's life force which is the same as Derniere's."
Iris: "You merely controlled it with your progenitor power."
Shuma: "So, now it's empty with nothing inside to control, making Deesse Morte totally useless. Is that what you mean?"
Iris: "Precisely."
Shuma: "But if I continue to absorb Derniere's life force, it will be back to what it was, right?"
Iris: "Of course, in theory it is as you say."
Iris: "But, you saw it. Do you think it is possible to collect that much life force in a short time?"
Iris: "For that, if you were to attack all humans in sight, one after the other, and destroy a few towns, it might fill up a little."
Shuma: "I can't do that!"
Iris: "Then, what do you think you are supposed to do?"
Shuma: "That's..."
Iris: "Only one way. If you absorb it yourself, you will awaken as a progenitor and become stronger more quickly and efficiently."
Shuma: "After all, it boils down to this..."
Iris: "I said so from the beginning."
Iris: "In the form of fog, you can already see the power of Enosh."
Iris: "It looks like he's already running rampant with many monsters collecting life force for him."
Shuma: "Yeah, people are talking about them in school and on the streets."
Iris: "Day by day, the concentration of Enosh's life force has been increasing. They are probably collecting it from all over the world and gathering in this town."
Iris: "It is now only a matter of time before Enosh cuts through and widens a massive hole which connects this world to Derniere in order to merge the two worlds into one."
Iris: "The time limit, I'm guessing is the night of the next full moon."
Iris: "Not many days are left. Mind what I've said."
Aoi: "...Shuma?"
Shuma: "Eh? Oh, sorry, I was just thinking."
Aoi: "Are you okay? You don't look very good."
Shuma: "Of course, I'm fine."
Shuma: "Okay, we've finished everything around here. Let's move to the next spot."
Shuma: "Haa...haa..."
Aoi: "Shuma, you are sweating too much... You'd better rest and lie down today."
*Aoi lends her shoulder to me as I hold my chest.*
*Since asking Iris for help to save Lycoris, I've been making Aoi worried and nervous all the time.*
*With the present situation, it is impossible to spend every day smiling and having fun, but it is completely against my will to allow her to feel like this.*
Shuma: "It's bad of me to say this when you are worried about me, but it's the same if I lie down. It's not that I'm feeling sick."
*Day by day, Enosh's presence takes on the appearance of thick fog.*
*Every night, I continue to absorb the monsters which keep showing up one after another, and have taken in substantial life force, but...*
Lotus: "There is no sign that you are going to awaken as a progenitor at all. Rather, you cannot control the life force you take in."
Shuma: "Yeah, probably something like that."
Shuma: "To be honest, the life force inside my body is twisting and spinning around without my permission, and it feels like it would burst out of me if I relax."
Aoi: "It sounds like you have food poisoning."
Shuma: "Yeah, it's kind of like that."
*But extra bad because every night I absorb more than I can control.*
Lotus: "If you cannot awaken as a progenitor as it is, it will be almost meaningless for you to absorb any more life force."
Lotus: "If you have difficulty in controlling it while in a miserable condition like this, it will have the opposite effect."
*I think so too.*
Shuma: "I was thinking, I just want to have a new weapon to replace Deesse Morte..."
Shuma: "But...I don't think I can find a new one so conveniently. What am I gonna do?"
Aoi: "......"
*When I enter the classroom, there are small groups here and there and they are looking at smart phones.*
Shuma: "What's everyone doing?"
Male Friend: "Oh, Shuma. Did you watch the news already?"
Shuma: "News? About what?"
Sakurako: "Here, this, this!"
*Sakurako runs over and shows her phone to us.*
Shuma: "Let me see!"
Newscaster: "The city's mysterious heavy fog has been increasing in density day by day and there is no sign it will clear up."
Mari: "Oh, they are broadcasting news like this."
Aoi: "It's really getting serious..."
Shuma: "Yeah..."
*The screen switches from the studio to a helicopter shot.*
*Our town is enveloped with big, wide and dense fog.*
*And the fog seems very unnatural, ignoring winds, temperatures and topography.*
Newscaster: "According to the Meteorological Agency, they have never observed this kind of dense fog, and experts in atmospheric phenomena say the conditions to produce it have not even been met at this point."
Newscaster: "Also, a series of eye-witness accounts relating to sightings of mysterious human shadows at night have been reported in conjunction with incidents resulting in injury. Confusion has spread among locals and we are getting mixed information."
Newscaster: "Most residents are refraining from leaving their homes at night, which is having a large impact on the local economy."
Girl A: "My friend in cram school said she saw the monster."
Girl B: "Seriously? Scary. Like, so many strange things are happening recently."
Male A: "Is it like, the end of the world?"
Male B: "Moron. It can't be. It's gonna clear up soon."
*Some feel vaguely worried about a situation they don't understand. Some don't take it seriously. Some fool around. Reactions vary.*
*However, we cannot be in such an easy-going objective position.*
Shuma: "When it gets this serious, I really don't know what to do."
Calen: "I agree."
Mari: "People will talk and it's already blown past the level where we can dismiss it as a mistake in vision or an urban legend."
Sakurako: "Hey, Shuma, is this what I think it is...?"
Shuma: "Yeah, it is."
Sakurako: "Okay..."
Aoi: "Don't worry. Please don't look so nervous. We'll do something about it."
Sakurako: "Right. The ones who have to deal with the real trouble are Shuma, Aoi and you all."
Sakurako: "If I was feeling down, it won't help anything. So if something comes up, just tell me. I'll help you, guys."
Aoi: "Yeah, thank you."
Shuma: "Then, tell everyone they should never go out at night."
Sakurako: "Okay. If that's what you want, I'll do that as much as you need."
Shuma: "It's enough if you'll do that. Leave the rest to us."
*So, I put on an air of confidence...*
*Seriously though, I must do something about my weapon.*
*Shuma is suffering all alone...but I have no way to help him.*
*Even though I decided to fight the god, I've pushed everything on to Shuma after all.*
*This pains my chest to the point of being miserable and I feel like crying.*
Shuma: "Hey, Iris, are there really no weapons that can replace Deesse Morte?"
*As soon as we get back from a night of monster hunting, Shuma again presses Iris for an answer.*
*After all, he is feeling the limitation of his own power.*
Shuma: "It doesn't need to be as powerful as Deesse Morte. Don't you have some weapon in mind which is guaranteed to enhance fighting power?"
Iris: "Are you playing with me? That sort of thing would not just pop up one after another."
Iris: "If I could pop one out now, I would not be in this predicament, would I?"
*...Iris?*
Shuma: "I know that, but my power is far from enough. As it is, I doubt I can fight Enosh head-on."
Iris: "It was my mistake that I helped you and gave you information for free. You came to depend on me too quickly."
Iris: "Are you not serious enough? Try to solve that much by yourself."
Shuma: "Of course I'm serious. I tried my best, but I failed. So that's why I came to consult with you."
Iris: "This is getting tedious."
*Iris leaves Shuma totally helpless. He looks down and bites his lips.*
*But, there is nothing I can do for him.*
*If I object to Iris' attitude or beg her with him, I might feel as if I did something, but in reality it would be nothing but self-satisfaction.*
*In the first place, however much you argue for it, it does not exist.*
Shuma: "...Hey, don't you have something back in your home, Calen?"
Calen: "Shuma-san, I sympathize with your feelings...but Deesse Morte is a legendary weapon, in every sense of the word."
Calen: "I asked my family, but we did not find a weapon which could replace it. If we had, they would have it sent to us no matter how much trouble it would have been."
Mari: "It must be so. This is not the time to be stingy."
Shuma: "I see...yeah, I guess so."
Mari: "Master, you really don't care about how you look."
Shuma: "It's not the time to put on airs like a fool."
Shuma: "Dad...of course you don't. Yeah, I know."
Aoi: "Maybe the Holy See has some useful weapons..."
Lycoris: "What comes to mind is possibly the stuff sealed away and kept in the deepest of the deep in the Holy See..."
*Lycoris thinks about it, too. But that is definitely unrealistic.*
Lycoris: "I don't want to make contact with the Holy See or the Rubina since we don't know how we are being reported to them, I say."
Aoi: "If not, they won't readily lend it to us. We'd have to go through a tiresome processes and we'll run out of time."
Shuma: "I guess so...yeah, I expected that."
*If it were a kind of thing I could snatch, I would have attacked them and grabbed it already. Seals, guards, and other things involved, these will end up making more trouble. It's just not realistic.*
Iris: "What a depressing boy. If you awaken as a progenitor quickly, that will be the end of it. But you keep grumbling and teetering."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Shuma: "I made my resolution once before. I honestly don't want to do it, but I've been absorbing monsters' life force as you advised me."
Shuma: "But no matter how much I absorb, I still can't control it very well, much less awaken."
Shuma: "So as the next best plan, I'm asking you if you know about a new weapon."
Iris: "You cannot awaken because you are saying 'I honestly don't want to'. You cannot even control life force very well since your resolution is so unsatisfactory."
Iris: "Grow up!"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Yes. We are forcing him to awaken as a progenitor against his will to "save the world".*
*"To defeat the god and save the people", we are making him carry such a heavy burden all by himself.*
*We are crushing Shuma's wish to "stay as a normal human" with our feet.*
*If this trouble hadn't happened, he could have spent time as an ordinary student and lead a very normal life.*
*Unknown to him, he is descended from a vampire―a progenitor―who is a keystone of the barrier that protects the world. Only because of this, his life has been derailed.*
*What can I do for Shuma?*
*Fight with him shoulder to shoulder?*
*But that is my revenge on the god and nothing more than my personal fight happening to coincide with the battle Shuma is burdened with.*
*In the first place, with Lycoris being possessed, I could barely match her after that power-up. So really, it's not even worth considering.*
*Then let him drink my blood?*
*But that is an unwanted vampire urge for him and doing that will simply satisfy his temporary desire.*
*And I already did that so many times for him. It is nothing I should be stressed about now.*
*I want to do something for him, but there is nothing I can do.*
*That is so irritating that it's making me crazy.*
Iris: "Stop yapping and awaken as a progenitor now!"
*Iris' angry voice suddenly brings me back to my senses.*
*Again, it looks like I was thinking about the same things round and round. I've kept asking myself questions I have no answers to for more than a few days.*
Shuma: "Don't get angry. Really, such a hot-tempered grandma."
Iris: "Say it again!"
Shuma: "Oops, I'm gonna go to bed now. Good night!"
*Shuma dodges Iris and runs out of the living room.*
*Then I suddenly realize. Only Iris and I are left.*
*Mari and Calen must have taken Lycoris to her room.*
Iris: "Huh? Oh, you are still here. You've been fairly quiet for some time now. I had completely forgotten you are here."
Aoi: "......"
Iris: "What? Is there anything you want to say to me? Rather, you want to hunt me after knowing I came from the same world as the god that fooled you?"
Iris: "But do not do it now. It will only please the god you hate―"
Aoi: "I don't intend to have a stupid discussion with you. You have something to say to me, don't you?"
Iris: "Well? What makes you think that?"
Aoi: "So obvious. You looked at me like you have something to say a little while ago."
Iris: "You noticed it. That is why you were waiting until it was just the two of us. You are clever."
Aoi: "Thanks for the cheap flattery. I don't care about that, so get to the point."
Iris: "Stop being so cranky. You want to help that boy, do you not?"
Aoi: "How do you know about it? No, I don't care. But by the way you talk, there is something I can do."
Aoi: "Alright. What is it? Tell me now."
Iris: "You are brave. It is what they call the 'maiden's mind'."
Aoi: "Just tell me now!"
Iris: "Good grief. Stop being so impatient."
Iris: "Come here. Lend an ear to me."
Aoi: "......"
Iris: "Stop being so cautious. I will not bite you. You want to help that boy, do you not?"
Aoi: "......"
*I can't stomach her face which says she sees through everything.*
*But it's free just to listen to her. If I can actually help him, I should definitely do that.*
Aoi: "Alright, tell me."
*Cautiously, I move my ear close to her lips.*
Iris: "I'll say this only once...so listen carefully, little girl. Mind you, you will―"
Aoi: "――?!!"
*Hearing what Iris whispers, I swallow my breath.*
*Unconcerned with my reaction, Iris tells me the thing only I can do and do alone.*
Iris: "That is it. Whether you will do it or not is up to you. Do as you wish."
Aoi: "...Yeah, understood."
Aoi: "Did you tell it to Shuma?"
Iris: "No. Only you can do it. There is no reason to tell it to anybody else."
Aoi: "Really, then, fine."
Iris: "Torment yourself with it as you wish."
Aoi: "I won't torment myself. Because I'm the only one who can do it, right?"
Shuma: "...Still so creepy."
Shadow: "Owowow...ow...!"
*As it's absorbed by me, the monster raises a death cry. The echo is unusually loud.*
*Night has just started.*
*However, all the stores are closed and lights are out.*
*There is nobody in the station square, shopping street or by the riverside.*
*That's not surprising though, because as long as these monsters are wandering around, there is no one who is crazy enough to have a night out.*
*The dead quiet streets filled with strolling monsters. It's like a ghost town in the movies.*
Shuma: "Phew...if I suck any more, I feel like I'll lose control."
Mari: "But still there are so many."
Shuma: "From now on, I'll let Deesse Morte do the sucking."
Aoi: "......"
Calen: "Still, every night, they appear one after another and there is truly no end to it."
Shuma: "I agree. But I want to do everything I can until the last second."
Shuma: "I'm sorry, but please work with me a bit more tonight."
Calen: "Oh, dear. It cannot be helped."
Aoi: "Yeah..."
Shadow: "Owowow...ow...!"
*........................*
*.........*
Newscaster: "In the city, an increasing number of people complaining of poor physical health, possibly due to this local dense fog, crowd the hospitals―"
Mari: "Oh, they are reporting it in the news this morning, again."
Shuma: "*Yawn*...let me see."
*I give a big yawn while walking, as if I were dragging behind me my own heavy body with yesterday's fatigue. I stand in front of the TV with Mari.*
Newscaster: "Several police officers who attempted to capture these mysterious human-shaped shadows met resistance and have injuries―"
Aoi: "It sounds like the Japan Self-Defense Force will be dispatched and a state of emergency will be declared soon."
Shuma: "It's becoming more and more unrealistic each day..."
*But I am the person in charge.*
*Moreover, the reason the town is in this state is probably because I am here.*
*I begin to feel a heavy weight press down on my shoulders and back.*
Iris: "No need to worry. Whether you cry or laugh, all will end tomorrow night."
Aoi: "True. Finally, tomorrow is the full moon...the day of the final battle."
Calen: "Right. If we win, ordinary days will return. And if we lose, the world will end."
Calen: "There is no point to worry about it now."
Shuma: "I guess we can look at it that way, too."
*I wonder if Iris and Calen are cheering me up in their own way.*
Lycoris: "It is so. All we need to do is win."
Shuma: "Yeah, you're right. Exactly right."
Shuma: "I guess we should spend the day as usual. Because we must go to school not just today, but tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and so forth."
Aoi: "Right. Yes, that's right. Let's go to school before we are late."
*Humans are amazingly adaptive. Less and less people talk about what's happening around us each day.*
Teacher: "So, for this reason, this author's feelings at this time―"
*Classes proceed without a hitch, too.*
*At night, it is dangerous to go out as the monsters are rampant, but during the day there is nothing out of the ordinary except for thick fog.*
*A small group of people seem to be suffering from poor health, but there is no noticeable damage otherwise.*
*Everyone is getting used to this situation.*
*This is dangerous.*
*If we lose tomorrow's battle, they will be completely panicked.*
Shuma: "......"
*No, it is useless to think about what will happen after we lose, I guess.*
*All I should be thinking about is after we win, but I cannot stop thinking about after we lose. I wonder if it's because I don't have enough confidence.*
*Even if I haven't awakened as a progenitor, even if I don't have a new weapon and Deesse Morte is almost useless, still I must fight.*
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Aoi: "...ma...Shu...ma...Shuma."
Shuma: "What...?"
*I feel my shoulder being lightly shaken and look up in surprise to find Aoi in front of me.*
Shuma: "What's up, Aoi...? Ah, where's everybody?"
*I look around. There is no one but Aoi and me in the classroom.*
Aoi: "Everyone's gone home. It's already after school."
Shuma: "Seriously?!"
*The campus is dead quiet and you cannot even hear sports club members' yelling from the school grounds.*
*Everyone went home without delay before sunset.*
*The last thing I remember, I was in the middle of the first class, now it's already after school and everyone's gone. What the hell am I doing?*
Aoi: "You looked like you were brooding over something and didn't move at all. I was worried."
Shuma: "Yeah, I'm sorry. I was thinking a little."
Aoi: "That wasn't a little. Were you thinking about tomorrow?"
Shuma: "...Yeah, something like that."
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Don't worry, it's going to be alright. Somehow."
Aoi: "If it isn't, I will work it out for you."
Shuma: "Hahaha, right. That's reassuring."
Aoi: "Yes. So relax and leave everything to me, and just fight as you usually do."
Aoi: "I'll pick up your bones."
Shuma: "Hey, hey, that's not good."
Aoi: "Ahaha."
Shuma: "Hehe."
Aoi: "Haha..."
Shuma: "Hahaha..."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "......"
*Not good. I can't stop the air from becoming heavy.*
*Once the conversation breaks, I don't know what to say next.*
*While both of us remain quiet, a heavy and long silence continues.*
Aoi: "Hey, Shuma..."
*I wonder how long we have been like that. Aoi breaks the silence.*
Shuma: "O-oh, what is it?"
Aoi: "Have you, well...th-thought about having a mistress?"
Shuma: "Huh?! Why are you asking me from out of the blue?"
Aoi: "Why? Why are you losing your cool? Does that mean you have someone you want to make a mistress?"
Shuma: "Nothing like that, but why did you choose to ask me that now?"
Aoi: "Why not? Then, what's your answer?"
Shuma: "Ah...um...a mistress..."
Aoi: "Huh...? What, is something on my face?"
Shuma: "I-I haven't particularly thought about it..."
Aoi: "Really? A mistress means 'She is my woman', doesn't it? If you think of it more lightly like a girlfriend, still, don't you want one?"
Shuma: "Well, if it's a girlfriend, I want one."
Aoi: "Hmm. Of course, you are a man."
Shuma: "What? What are you trying to say?"
Aoi: "Hey..."
Shuma: "Now what?"
Aoi: "How about me becoming your...mistress?"
Shuma: "What?!"
*I stand up unintentionally to find Aoi with flushed cheeks before my eyes...*
Aoi: "W-why are you taking it seriously? It's a joke, just a joke."
Shuma: "Eh?! What?! Oh, just a joke. Don't surprise me like that."
*I see, just a joke...*
*No, no, it's not that I'm disappointed or anything like that.*
Aoi: "There are many girls around you and you can take your choice from them. You don't need to pick me."
Shuma: "But that doesn't mean any girl is okay. If I have a girlfriend at all, I'll make sure to go with the girl I really like."
Shuma: "More so if I choose my mistress."
Aoi: "Well, you are thinking about it seriously...more or less."
Shuma: "What do you mean by 'more or less'? I've been thinking about it seriously...firmly."
Aoi: "Hahaha, sorry sorry."
*Covering up with laughs, Aoi quickly moves closer to me.*
Aoi: "Come to think of it, since we saved Lycoris and Iris started living with us, we have been busier than ever and haven't done it for a long time..."
Aoi: "Don't you want to have my blood after such a long time?"
Shuma: "W-what's that? One right after another?"
Aoi: "Who cares about that? Then, what? Do you want to drink? Or not?"
*Aoi opens up the collar of her uniform and tilts her head to show the nape of her neck.*
*Her fair and attractive nape becomes exposed...*
Shuma: "*Gulp*..."
Aoi: "You look like you really want to drink it."
Shuma: "But, see, recently I haven't been able to control myself very well. I've been strongly mesmerizing without realizing it. It's really bad to do it in the classroom, isn't it?"
Aoi: "Why are you saying that now? You keep mesmerizing and doing whatever you want to me. Why hesitate now?"
*The final battle awaits us tomorrow. I'm stuck between the feeling that I shouldn't be doing this as the battle is upon us, and wanting to do it...because the battle is tomorrow.*
*My hands stop before they reach Aoi's neck. I cannot extend them further nor pull them back.*
Aoi: "Aren't you fed up with having monsters' yucky life force every day? Why not have some that's good now?"
Aoi: "To build up your energy, cheer up or call it whatever you want. And right now, no one is watching us."
*Aoi turns around and leans against me.*
*And she takes my hands and wraps them around her, making me touch her...as if I'm holding her.*
Shuma: "*Gulp*...!"
*Aoi's soft body. Her warmth which is passed along to me. Her sweet scent which tickles my nose.*
*And her fair and beautiful nape.*
Aoi: "...For you, it's okay Shuma."
*I want to suck her blood.*
*I want to make love to her.*
*I want to indulge myself in Aoi's body until I lose myself.*
Shuma: "Aoi...!"
*I can't hold back any more and furiously bite into Aoi's nape.*
Aoi: "Mmaaahmm!"
*She raises her sweet and sleek voice.*
*Exquisite taste reminiscent of a rich and mellow fruit fills my mouth. I lose control and strongly suck it up.*
Aoi: "Ahmm, ah, aah...aha, aaah...!"
*She releases a heated gasping breath as if I were banging her. The core of my head goes numb and I keep sucking her blood like crazy.*
*Aoi writhing and moaning in my arms fills the hunger and thirst of my body and soul. Satisfaction wells up inside me.*
====================E-AO04_03H_N.TXT====================
Aoi: "Hooah...mm!! ...Ah!"
*Again, I bite into Aoi's neck which she offered as if she were longing for more blood sucking...*
====================E-AO04_04.TXT====================
*In the completely quiet classroom, I sit on a desk and hold Aoi around the shoulders.*
Aoi: "......"
*All I can hear are Aoi's faint sighs of satisfaction.*
Shuma: "It's like, I overdid it again."
Aoi: "Hehe...my body is hot and the center of my head is so numb and tingling that, it's like, I can still forgive you no matter what you do to me."
Shuma: "With you, I can't control it very well for some reason, and I end up over-mesmerizing you."
Aoi: "Are you hitting on me?"
Shuma: "I wouldn't go that far..."
Shuma: "But to be honest, I don't have a particular need to suck blood from or make love with any other girls but you."
*To be honest, sucking somebody's blood, or having sex by mesmerizing...both of these things I don't want to do willingly.*
*If I do it at all, I want to build a relationship with a girl more normally and...possibly more intelligently.*
*As long as I'm not allowed to do that...*
Shuma: "If I suck blood at all...and end up having sex from it, I want it to be with you, Aoi."
Aoi: "You are hitting on me. If not, what is that anyway?"
Shuma: "Hmm. Now that you say that, you're right. It does sound like that too."
Aoi: "Yeah. Not helping you, really. If you like though, I can be talked into it now."
*I wonder if she is serious or joking. She giggles and leans against me.*
*That's why I put more strength into my arms around Aoi's shoulders so that I can be closer and touch her more.*
Aoi: "Hey, try hitting on me not unconsciously, but consciously this time."
Shuma: "Why? If I do that, will you fall for me?"
Aoi: "Don't ask me something like that. It depends on what you'll say."
Shuma: "I guess you're right."
*In this laid-back mood, not knowing whether she is serious or joking and still feeling delirious from the after-effects of sex, I playfully search for the words to make her fall for me.*
Shuma: "When I'm with you like this, I feel strangely calm."
Shuma: "When we first met, it was not really on good terms and we realized along the way that we were not friends but rather enemies. There was a distance between us no matter what."
Shuma: "And, while I am sorry for you that we learned the true identity of the Rubina god, at least the distance between us has gone and I've come to feel really close to you."
Shuma: "I want to stay human, and I've awakened as a vampire...but I cannot awaken as a progenitor."
Shuma: "But I feel you have accepted me as I am."
Shuma: "I feel really comfortable being with you."
Aoi: "Hm-hmm, then?"
Shuma: "Whether I accept it or not, the blood-sucking urge doesn't go away."
Shuma: "Your blood tastes the best and I don't feel like sucking from any other girls but you. Now that I know that, I can't control my urge."
Shuma: "The captivating nape of the neck, soft and dewy skin which almost clings to me... You've been an agent, but your body has no scars and is so attractive..."
*Huh? Something doesn't feel right...*
Shuma: "It feels so great to hold you that I cannot take my eyes away."
*Was that my imagination?*
Shuma: "Talk about not being able to take my eyes away... You sometimes do crazy things and because of it, my eyes are completely fixated on you."
Shuma: "Even when we took back Lycoris, you got a serious injury. It was a miracle that you weren't killed. Do you know how much I worried?!"
*No, it's not my imagination. My own words suddenly make me realize why I felt something is wrong.*
Shuma: "...Hey, why don't you have a scar left from the injury anymore?"
Aoi: "...!"
Shuma: "Lycoris' condition was more serious, but you got better quickly, so I was relieved and forgot about it. It's a bit strange, though, that you didn't go to the hospital but got better completely...and without a scar."
Shuma: "I know Mari licked you so that your wound would close, but you are not a vampire like me. It's impossible that it closed up comp―"
*Saying that myself, I realize one possibility and I'm shocked.*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "...H-hey...you?"
Aoi: "This wasn't my intention but I seemed to have stirred up a hornet's nest."
Aoi: "It looks like my body is becoming a vampire."
Shuma: "Why?! Well, the only possible cause is me...but I still don't have such power!"
Aoi: "Right, I thought so too, but it seems to be different."
Aoi: "It's my guess, but you might already have a little bit of power to make familiars."
Aoi: "Just, the power was so weak and created only small changes that we couldn't tell familiarization was happening. I think it was impossible to recognize."
Shuma: "Then..."
Aoi: "I think those girls, whose blood you sucked, have become your familiars too. At least a little. But it's had almost no effect on them, so you can say they're not really your familiars."
Aoi: "But I let you suck my blood so many times. Each time, little by little...my body has been changing into a vampire."
Shuma: "But you never said anything, and never looked like..."
*Saying that makes me realize...*
*Soon after she knew the true identity of her god and was depressed, didn't she say the night breeze felt good?*
*When Calen was blinded by the sunlight and having a hard time, wasn't Aoi having a hard time, too?*
*Yeah, Lycoris who was possessed by the shadow of the god said something about Aoi's eyes.*
*There was already signs back then...!*
Aoi: "I realized it, too, from the serious injury I got when we saved Lycoris."
Aoi: "I was ready for us to die on each other's swords to stop Lycoris, so I thought I would die from the injury."
Aoi: "When we were back home and I showed the wound to Mari to have it licked for treatment...it was already closing up. So I realized."
Shuma: "It was so..."
Aoi: "Well, it's kind of convenient in some way. Because if you get pretty serious injuries, as long as you don't get killed on the spot, you'll recover like this without scars."
Aoi: "Even old scars were clean gone. Beautiful skin is what all girls yearn for."
Shuma: "Hey, this is no time for―"
Aoi: "But don't you think that I'm in the same situation as you, Shuma?"
Shuma: "Joke...eh?"
Aoi: "In my heart, I feel I'm human. But my body is not human anymore. I'm half human and half vampire."
Aoi: "When I noticed that...I thought it wasn't so bad..."
Shuma: "Aoi..."
*Aoi closes her eyes once more, then slowly opens them.*
*By now, the color of her eyes has returned to normal.*
Aoi: "Unless I acknowledge it or you pour life force into me, I'm just the same as usual and it doesn't affect my life as a human, so I'm alright."
Aoi: "More than anything else..."
Aoi: "Now that I'm in the same situation as you are, I can understand you more. I even think I'm glad I've become like this."
Shuma: "...You really feel that way?"
*An unbearable heat grows in the bottom of my heart.*
*Actually, I was ready to say, "I'm sorry for making you my familiar".*
*But apologizing to her is nothing but ignoring Aoi's feelings to satisfy myself.*
Shuma: "Aoi, please be my mistress."
Aoi: "What?! Wait...why suddenly?"
Shuma: "I am a man. Now that this happened, I'll accept the responsibility."
Aoi: "Oh...right, that's what you mean."
*Eh, does she look exasperated?*
*I didn't expect she would be moved and ecstatic, but this reaction is unexpected and kind of a letdown...*
Aoi: "Then, will you go around and say the same thing to all the girls you sucked blood from so far?"
Aoi: "As my responsibility, I shall reluctantly welcome you as my mistress, so please forgive me for doing so."
Shuma: "Oh...!"
*I used the wrong words!*
*I have many mixed feelings inside between responsibility and apology, but the most important feeling is neither of these.*
*If my life as a vampire is to continue for eternity, I think I want someone who always stands by me, walks the same road, shares the same point of view and feelings―someone who stays with me forever.*
*If that someone is Aoi, I can think of no one better. I want Aoi to stand by me always. I thought this so strongly.*
Shuma: "I said it in the wrong way. Let me say it again."
Shuma: "This makes me realize that if I am to have a mistress at all, I want it to be you, Aoi. Before I even knew it, I've come to lo―"
Aoi: "Now, stop!"
*Aoi's finger seals my lips and takes away the most important word.*
Aoi: "I'll hear the rest after tomorrow's battle is over."
Shuma: "Aoi..."
Aoi: "Let's win, then make sure to let me hear the rest."
Shuma: "Yes, I promise. We will definitely win! And I will say it all."
Aoi: "Yup."
*Now I definitely cannot lose!*
*We're gonna win and I will tell my feelings to Aoi!*
Aoi: "......"
*Then...*
*Finally the night of the decisive battle has arrived.*
Iris: "Hmm...Enosh begins to move!"
*The words from Iris who has stood up from the sofa in the living room make everyone here tense.*
Shuma: "Finally, this is what they call the crucial moment."
Lotus: "This is what we have expected. Don't put too much pressure on yourself, Shuma."
Shuma: "Don't worry. I'm just fired up."
Iris: "Hmm, their move is already showy. It seems they do not mean to hide."
*Iris stands by the window and looks up at the sky.*
*All of us gather by the window and look up.*
*The brightly shinning full moon looks dim through the dense fog.*
Shuma: "Is the fog streaming?"
Aoi: "It looks more like whirling than streaming."
*As Aoi says this, the dense fog dimming the moon starts slowly whirling.*
Shuma: "From the look of it, it's heading in the direction of the business district."
Calen: "It is not simply whirling, but it also appears to be gradually gathering at its center."
Iris: "Probably, in the center of the vortex, Enosh will materialize."
Shuma: "Everyone, fire yourself up! I cannot lose this battle."
Mari: "Oooo..."
Shuma: "What's wrong, Mari? Are you scared and shaking?"
Mari: "No-no, I'm not. I'm trembling with excitement. I-I'm not really scared."
Iris: "If you are scared, as the underdog you are, you'd better put your tail between your legs and tremble under the table. A coward will be nothing but a hindrance."
Mari: "As I said, I am trembling with excitement."
*I understand Mari's fear.*
*From the center of the whirling, an ominous air is drifting out.*
*Even though we are pretty far away from the business district, a little chill runs down my spine.*
Lycoris: "Aoi...I'm sorry, I say. At an important time like this, I'm useless."
Aoi: "Don't worry. Leave it to me. I'm gonna beat up God for me and for you."
Lycoris: "Yes. I'll leave it to you, I say."
Shuma: "So, everyone, ready? This is the final battle. Let's win and have a normal day tomorrow."
Aoi: "Yup!"
Mari: "Understood!"
Calen: "Please count on me!"
*We strongly nod to each other.*
Shuma: "Okay, let's go!"
*We run through empty streets to the business district.*
Mari: "Master, the usual ones, I saw one over there."
Shuma: "Ignore small fry. We'll hit only the main body!"
Aoi: "Once we defeat the god himself, they should disappear."
Mari: "Understood!"
Calen: "Shuma-san, please look at that. The whirl of fog is speeding up!"
*Since the vortex has been growing stronger, the fog that had gathered is beginning to thin out.*
*Because of this, the shining moonlight that's falling down illuminates the strange sight against the darkness of the night.*
Shuma: "Fog is gathering to the center of the vortex and it looks like a dome of life force."
Aoi: "And what's that...? I can see something like a thick egg in the dome."
Calen: "That is a cocoon for a god to descend into this world, or an egg to create a new world, so to speak."
Aoi: "Good grief...bad joke. That's nothing more than an egg of a monster."
*While Calen smiles sarcastically, Aoi cuts off her comment like spitting on it.*
Shuma: "I agree. Such a rotten mass of consciousness, pretending to be a god has gotta be erased from this world as quickly as possible."
Lotus: "Shuma, the presence is getting stronger and thicker. Materialization is near."
Shuma: "Finally, we'll go face to face with Enosh."
*The ominous and intense presence that gives me chills down my spine, swells up in the center of the vortex.*
*It's the same as the life force which burst out of Deesse Morte... No, more intense than that.*
Shuma: "Over there!"
*When we arrive at the dome of fog, the fog is almost gone around the area.*
Lotus: "Enosh is going to materialize."
*In front of us, a fully grown cocoon of life force writhes and throbs, and its outline starts distorting.*
Aoi: "Hey, that cocoon, isn't it changing into the shape of a human?"
Shuma: "It looks like that to me, too. And it's huge."
*Soon...a towering giant, Enosh, has materialized and steps down.*
Shuma: "Hey, hey, why is it so huge? As big as a ten story building."
Aoi: "About thirty meters or so."
Mari: "Wait, wait, do we have to defeat that sort of thing? I thought it'd be normal sized."
Shuma: "Yeah. Actually, I thought so, too."
Calen: "This is not a special effects film. Good grief, I dare say!"
*It is kind of human-shaped, but has a monstrous look far from human.*
*It opens its eyes slowly and looks up at the sky.*
Enosh: "The wonderful full moon. Fitting for the night when our long-awaited wish will come true."
*After muttering it to no one in particular, the monster tilts its head and looks at us with eyes filled with a cold gleam which almost freezes my spine.*
Enosh: "Do you not agree, Embroche?"
Enosh: "Tonight, two worlds will become one and Derniere will restore its past beauty."
Shuma: "Speak for yourself. Think a little bit about the trouble people in this world will end up in because of your world."
Enosh: "You who descends from our compatriot speak for the humans in this world. Funny indeed."
Enosh: "Embroche, thanks to you, that detestable barrier lost its power."
Enosh: "We were able to take back the power once stolen."
Enosh: "All is your feat, Embroche."
Shuma: "I've never been your compatriot or helped you! I'm a fully-fledged human who was born and raised in this world!"
*Give me a break. How could I be the same as this one? Now I understand why Iris was so upset.*
Enosh: "Well done, Aoi. You worked hard for us."
Aoi: "Bullshit! I will get my revenge by destroying you!"
Enosh: "You, only a mere human who has no value but to supply life force to us. Know your position!"
Enosh: "We are the God, creating a new Derniere."
Shuma: "Which part of you is the creator?! You are the destroyer!"
Enosh: "Destruction exists for a new creation. I will thoroughly show it to you now."
*Blabbing arrogantly to the end, Enosh raises both hands high.*
*Immediately, ominous powers gather above the hands.*
Shuma: "What are you going to do?!"
Enosh: "Now, the worlds will be one."
Shuma: "What?!"
Aoi: "What-what's that?!"
*The spot where the ominous powers have gathered, emits a mysterious light.*
*While refracting both moonlight and starlight and producing a rainbow colored glare, the spot in the sky warps softly.*
Lotus: "Shuma, stop it quickly! It's intervening in the tear of the barrier. It will be forced open soon!"
Calen: "This is not good. The sky...!"
Mari: "A hole?! A hole is opening up?!"
*The warp spreads into a circle and...literally a hole opens up in the sky. The scene leaves us no room for doubt.*
Shuma: "What's...that?!"
*Moreover, what we see through the hole is not the night sky, but a world colored white with further dense fog.*
*Soon, the dense fog starts streaming into this world through the hole.*
Lotus: "This sensation...is the other side of the hole Derniere?"
Shuma: "I see, it feels like this."
Calen: "If we liken human life force to positive life force, then the world which spreads beyond the hole is filled with life force suitably called negative."
*Exactly as Calen says. Life force over there is way beyond ominous and it's atrocious. That is definitely not a decent life force.*
*A world which is filled with that kind of thing, this is Derniere.*
Aoi: "Oh no, the hole is quickly getting bigger!"
Calen: "Enosh keeps pouring in power and it's causing the hole to gradually widen."
Enosh: "Now I've opened a hole in the wall separating the two worlds."
Enosh: "I will remove the wall entirely and merge them into one."
*Moreover, the thick fog streaming through the hole is mixed with the fog forming the dome, and the dome itself is steadily growing.*
Mari: "If the worlds become one as it is..."
Aoi: "This is really serious."
Shuma: "Yeah, it's no joke to be merged into such a world."
*Just imagining it covers me with sweat.*
*So, I call forth Deesse Morte and prepare to face Enosh.*
Shuma: "Everyone, ready!"
Aoi: "Yeah, I'm gonna beat it up as hard as I can and get rid of it!"
Calen: "Even if it is not Lady Pumila, it is still unpleasant to be lumped together with such a menacing existence. Make it disappear from this world!"
Mari: "I'm gonna do it! Grrrrrrrrrrr!"
*We are all poised and ready with our weapons as we raise our eyes to Enosh.*
Shuma: "Let's go!"
All Three: "Yeah!"
*"Yes!"*
*"Hoorah!"*
*We run to Enosh and plunge into the dome of fog.*
Aoi: "Ugh?! Th-this...!"
Calen: "How...dreadful!"
Mari: "Woof?! I-I don't feel good...!"
*As soon as we rush in, all three of them begin to stagger.*
Shuma: "What's wrong?!"
Lotus: "They must be taking a beating from Derniere's life force."
Lotus: "As Calen-chan put it, you can call it "negative life force". It is seriously not a good idea to be exposed to it for an extended period."
*Come to think of it, when Deesse Morte was broken and life force blew out of it, Calen and Mari said they didn't feel good and collapsed. It's just like that time.*
Shuma: "But I'm perfectly okay."
Lotus: "You haven't fully awakened, but you are a progenitor. Lady Pumila said that also."
Iris: "If I must say it differently, the progenitors are beings who are adapted to this world while still holding the life force of Derniere heavily within them."
Iris: "The reason why the progenitors play the role of the keystone for the barrier is that we can handle the same life force as that of Derniere."
Shuma: "That's the way."
*In that case, nothing can be done.*
Shuma: "All of you, get out of here! I will do it myself!"
Aoi: "No, I'm gonna fight with you. If the world is covered with this life force...not only humans, but all the living creatures will be killed!"
Calen: "Yes. Now the world is in crisis. We cannot simply observe!"
Mari: "To tell you the truth, I want to run away now. But I can't."
*Aoi, Calen and Mari try to hold out and get ready to fight while staggering. Then, all I can do is believe in their spirit.*
Shuma: "Alright, we're gonna defeat it right away!"
Aoi: "Yeah!"
*We rush at Enosh's feet in one go.*
Shuma: "Haaaah!! Breaking Wave!!"
Aoi: "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 2nd Form!! Yaaaah!!"
*Aoi and I go around the left side and slash its right foot with the vacuum of a blade and successive twin dagger attacks.*
Calen: "Bloody Thread!!"
Mari: "I'm gonna claw!! Grrrrrrrrrr!!"
*Calen and Mari go around the right side and strike, tearing the left foot with whip and sharp claws.*
*Successive attacks continue from the four of us.*
Enosh: "How dare you interfere with our creation, Aoi, Embroche and your faction!"
Enosh: "However, if you think you could stop us so easily, how silly you all are."
Shuma: "What did you say?!"
Aoi: "The wounds are closing up?!"
*Certainly I cut it. I felt I cleansed the life force forming Enosh.*
*However, the wounds quickly close up and disappear without a trace.*
Shuma: "This regeneration ability...well, he was once a vampire, too.
Calen: "If that is the case, this regeneration speed is not normal."
Aoi: "Tricky. It had an effect."
Mari: "In that case, let's chop it into as many pieces as we can, so the regeneration cannot catch up."
Shuma: "That's right. Take this! Breaking Wave!! Breaking Wave!! Breaking Wave!!"
Aoi: "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 2nd Form!! It keeps coming!!"
*We increase our slashes more than last time plus―*
Calen: "Bloody Whip!! Successive!!"
Mari: "Grrr!! Here, here, here!!"
Shuma: "How's that?!"
Enosh: "Like I said... Silly. Useless!"
Aoi: "It's no good, he's regenerating too quickly!"
*If we slash successively, we can give a new wound before the previous one disappears.*
*However, as we continue our attacks, wounds we gave in the beginning have closed up with time and we can hardly see any damage.*
Calen: "It is no use."
Mari: "Master, this is serious! We can't even prevent this huge thing from spreading that hole!"
Lotus: "Right! That hole!"
Shuma: "Dad? What do you mean?"
Lotus: "Look at the life force streaming on this side. It is not only mixing itself with the surrounding fog to grow the dome, but also being poured into Enosh."
Shuma: "Right! Enosh has been absorbing Derniere's life force to regenerate."
Aoi: "If so, we are in trouble... Now that you've said it, look, it does appear to be getting bigger than before."
*It's not only regenerating at an extreme rate of speed, but also increasing its power.*
Calen: "Moreover, Derniere's life force around us is getting stronger and I do not feel very well."
*Aoi, Calen and Mari... All of them are in pain. Their moves are lifeless and cannot damage Enosh anymore.*
*It is like a poisonous fog is scattered and a status ailment is inflicted on us.*
*The more we stand still and watch time pass by, the worse our condition will become. It's far worse than just a disadvantage.*
Shuma: "Ugh...this is Enosh-controlled territory. What kind of impossible game is this? Damn!"
Enosh: "What's wrong? Are you done already? Then we will hand down the judgment."
*Enosh lifts up a foot behind him, high into the air.*
Shuma: "Crap! Scatter!"
*Instantly, everyone jumps away from the spot.*
**BOOM*!!*
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
Aoi: "Kyaaah?!"
Calen: "...!!"
Mari: "Eeek!!"
*The huge foot's kick breaks the asphalt road, making an impact that sends up gravel and soil all around it.*
*Scattering pieces of asphalt and gravel destroy nearby buildings, shop windows and dent road signs.*
Enosh: "Oh, you dodged my strike."
Aoi: "If I took it, I would be killed with one blow!"
Calen: "The next is coming!"
Mari: "Gosh?!"
**STOMP*!!*
*The uplifted foot above our heads comes down to crush us.*
*The impact throws us up into the air.*
*And the spot becomes a perfect crater.*
Enosh: "You dodged this one also."
Lotus: "This is...not good."
Shuma: "Not just 'not good'...this is serous crap!"
*Simple kicks and stomps turn into killer blows because of his size and weight.*
*In addition to the reality that Deesse Morte hardly wields its power, even if I raise the sword above my head and cut Enosh on my tiptoes, I can barely reach the shin, and that's far from giving a fatal wound.*
Enosh: "However, how long can you keep dodging?"
**BOOM*!!*
**STOMP*!!*
Shuma: "Damn! Give me a break!"
Aoi: "What kind of monster movie is this!"
*Because of Enosh's stomping, all we can do is scatter and run about while trying to escape. It's impossible to initiate attacks.*
Calen: "In that case, how about this? Scarlet Ray!!"
*Calen takes a long distance, and while Enosh's attention is elsewhere, she stretches her arm, takes aim and fires a crimson blast.*
Enosh: "Arrrrrrrgh?!"
Calen: "Great, it's working!"
*Successively released rays hit Enosh's face directly and explode. They evaporate its life force and scoop out a large chunk of its face.*
*However...*
Aoi: "No good, it's regenerating!"
Calen: "I played my trump card! Truly, this is upsetting!"
*If Enosh were human-sized, that would have literally been the lethal blow. It would be no surprise if everything had been cleanly blown away.*
*However, our enemy is too big. Moreover, it takes energy from the outside and keeps regenerating. Our attacks are just a drop in the bucket.*
Shuma: "Calen, can you keep shooting it until you blow everything away?"
Calen: "I said it was my trump card. My life force will not last long enough to ease away this volume, as it regenerates so rapidly."
*In that case, if I keep pouring and supplying life force to Calen, will it work?!*
Enosh: "Was that your trump card? It is a pity. Then, it's our turn again!"
**SLAM*!!*
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
Aoi: "Kyaaah?!"
Calen: "...!!"
Mari: "Eeek!!"
*Another kick gouges out the road again as asphalt pieces and gravel are scattered everywhere.*
*I don't think I can get enough time to execute my idea.*
Aoi: "Haa, haa...!"
Calen: "Koo...haa...haa..."
Mari: "Ooo..."
*The life force around us is rapidly getting thicker, and those three are clearly having a hard time.*
Enosh: "If you keep running away, you won't be able to stop us."
Enosh: "No one can stop the long-awaited wish of the Creator!"
*Tsk, that's what you think.*
Lotus: "I did not expect there would be such a difference in powers..."
Shuma: "This is serious... We can't even stand on the same ground to fight!"
Mari: "*Inhale*...*exhale*... Master, don't you have some plan?"
Shuma: "I'm thinking now."
*However much I rack my brain, an effective breakthrough idea doesn't come to my mind.*
*How did Iris and other progenitors face this thing and seal the power of Enosh into Deesse Morte a long time ago?*
*I can't imagine how they did it. Is the power of the progenitors that massive?*
*It won't even be a fight unless Iris is here to fight with us.*
Shuma: "Damn! Isn't there any way?! At least if Deesse Morte could use its power...!!"
Aoi: "...!"
*There is nothing to do except what Iris told me.*
*I was hoping I wouldn't have to do it...but now is not the time to cling to such a faint hope. I've been ready for ages.*
*As it is, everyone...Shuma will be killed.*
*I will never allow that!*
Iris: "Well, the battle has begun. It seems they are having a hard time."
Lycoris: "It will be alright. Aoi and Shuma will do something about it for sure, I say."
Iris: "You are optimistic. No, simply thoughtless, I suppose."
Lycoris: "I prefer you say I believe in them."
Iris: "Oh, well. Whatever we grumble about here, it will not contribute to their battle."
Iris: "In that case, you can believe in them all you want. I shall look on from right here."
Lycoris: "You don't suggest we go and help them. It's just like you."
*If it comes to that, I myself must go there.*
*If I collect the life force I have been lending to Lycoris immediately, I can go straight to the battle.*
*Now that I've obtained the treasure of the Officinalis, the item for a possible emergency, I shall not lose.*
*Of course...petrification will resume on Lycoris, but it will be fine as long as I return before she is completely petrified.*
*Of course, if I fail to be back in time, it is impossible to weight her against the fate of the world in the first place. It cannot be helped.*
Lycoris: "I just caught a disturbing feeling for some reason, I say."
Iris: "It is your imagination."
*Youth should do their best as much as possible. Struggle as long as they can.*
*He has refused to awaken as a progenitor and insisted on staying human. Show me the brilliance of a human being.*
*As an elder, it shall be fun to watch over them.*
Lycoris: "Somehow, your face looks like a grandmother who looks over her grandchild."
Iris: "Well...those are you last words."
Lycoris: "Oops, I've gotta zip my lips. It was a boomerang, I say."
Shuma: "Pull yourself together, Shuma. It's not the time to lose courage."
*Losing here means not only a loss for us. There is also Sakurako, Kaede and everyone in the class...*
Shuma: "That's right. I'm gonna win no matter the cost. I will never give up!"
*I get Deesse Morte ready and face Enosh.*
Aoi: "Right, Shuma. You don't need to give up."
*Aoi's facial expression reveals she is having a hard time dealing with the fog of life force drifting around her, but her eyes shine and her will is strong.*
*Aoi hasn't given up, either. Yeah, I must defeat Enosh, close the hole and then tell Aoi the rest from yesterday!*
Aoi: "Shuma, I have an idea. Help me."
Shuma: "Do you have some plan?"
Aoi: "A special one, yes."
*I have no idea what her plan is, but Aoi's eyes convince me that her plan has a possibility to reverse these adverse circumstances.*
Shuma: "Alright, let's go with that plan. Tell me now!"
Aoi: "Okay. I'm coming to you now!"
*Aoi runs toward me.*
Enosh: "Well, well. Do you still continue to struggle? Then, I shall step on that little hope."
Enosh: "*Inhale*...*exhale*!"
*Enosh draws a breath, then exhales hard.*
*A mass of incredibly thick life force is blasted out and it immediately turns into a monstrous black shadow.*
Shuma: "Crap, that shadow!"
Lotus: "This is not good. That is the same shadow which possessed and manipulated Aoi and Lycoris! Shuma!"
*Before Dad says it, I've already started running to Aoi.*
*At the same time, the shadow takes aim and dives behind Aoi.*
Calen: "Watch out, Aoi-san! Dodge!"
Mari: "Aoi-san, behind! Behind you!"
Aoi: "Eh?!"
Aoi: "Kyaaaaaaaaah?!"
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
Aoi: "――――"
Lotus: "Good gracious...she is possessed. Shuma, do not go near Aoi carelessly."
Shuma: "Aoi...damn!"
Enosh: "I do not know what she was planning, but it is impossible carry out the plan now."
Enosh: "No one is allowed to hinder the fulfillment of our long-awaited wish."
Shuma: "Tsk, you fool around like this! Release Aoi now!"
Calen: "The hole widens again... Oh, an incredibly rapid stream of life force...!"
Mari: "*Whine*, I don't feel good and want to throw up..."
Lotus: "It is not good. It is dangerous for both Calen-chan and Maritima to continue fighting in this thick life force."
*That must also be true for Aoi who is possessed...*
Shuma: "Alright, Calen and Mari, stay out of the dome of fog."
Calen: "However, we cannot...suffer a dishonorable retreat!"
Shuma: "Look, you are staggering so much. If you are targeted next time, you will get trampled. And if Aoi attacks you while she's being controlled too...I won't be able to defend you."
Mari: "...Understood. I'm sorry, Master. I will drag you down, so I'm going to turn my tail and run quickly."
Shuma: "Yeah, do it. You, too, Calen."
Calen: "...I am sorry. Still I'll watch and wait outside. I shall be back quickly if necessary."
*Calen and Mari withdraw, staggering, to the outside of the fog.*
Enosh: "So, you are running away. If you are at the end of your tether, then it's a good time to die. We still have a magnificent feat ahead to connect two worlds into one."
*Enosh lowers its raised hand.*
*Because of it, the hole has stopped widening, but remains there and life force from Derniere keeps streaming in.*
*After all, I must defeat Enosh to prevent the hole from widening further.*
*For that, I must rescue Aoi and carry out her plan.*
Enosh: "What is wrong, Embroche? Do you not run away?"
*It sounds like he wants to chase us around then crush us.*
Shuma: "How can I run away leaving Aoi like this?"
Shuma: "Hold on Aoi. I'm gonna suck out the shadow and save you now."
Aoi: "――――"
Enosh: "That will spoil the fun I planned. Do you not agree, Embroche?"
**SMASH*!!*
*A massive fist is thrown down. It breaks the asphalt and sinks into the ground.*
Shuma: "Oops, dangerous, dangerous!"
Lotus: "Dodge, Shuma!"
Shuma: "What?!"
*As I pull back my body in a flash, Aoi's twin daggers whiz past my eyes sideways.*
Aoi: "――――"
*That is not a speed that Aoi, who is weak and has been affected by Derniere's life force, can put on.*
*The usual Aoi...? No, right now she is as fast as someone who's had a life force injection from me and had their power boosted.*
Enosh: "Well, you dodged it. But how long can you keep up with me?"
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Ugh! Damn!"
*While stepping back, I avoid successive attacks from Aoi who is being manipulated.*
*And as soon as I keep some distance from Aoi...*
**BOOM*!!*
*Enosh's fist or foot comes down.*
Lotus: "In this way, it is impossible to hold down Aoi by yourself and suck out Enosh's shadow."
Lotus: "Even if you call back Maritima and Calen-chan, they look too weak to fight... All doors are closed."
Shuma: "Every time, you manipulate Aoi... You're a total piece of crap!"
Enosh: "What is the problem for us, if we use a bug? This is the evidence that Aoi is very weak and easy to manipulate. She is nothing but a chess-piece."
**STOMP*!!*
Shuma: "You're full of shit!!"
*How dare you use Aoi as you like! You make my blood boil!*
*Aoi said she remembered the time when she had been controlled before.*
*In other words, Aoi is conscious underneath all this.*
Shuma: "Aoi, wake up! Don't give in! Aoi!"
Aoi: "――――"
*I call out to her, but get no response.*
Enosh: "No use. But let's see how long you can continue dodging like that. Interesting, indeed."
Lotus: "Hmm...surrounding life force is getting absorbed into Aoi."
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Argh?!"
*She is absolutely faster than before and her slashing attacks are sharper!*
Aoi: "――――"
Lotus: "Here she comes again. Dodge!"
Shuma: "Ughhh?!"
Enosh: "How is it, Embroche? How does it feel that you can do nothing about us as you get slashed by your comrade?"
Shuma: "If you wanna know, it sucks!"
*I don't want to point my sword at Aoi, but unless I at least stop her attacks, she'll slice me into bits and pieces.*
Enosh: "This is not the end yet. Enjoy, Embroche!"
Lotus: "What...? Is it going to pour more life force into her?"
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Fast! And heavy!"
*I manage to stop the blow with Deesse Morte, but she pushes on and I can't stop from drawing back.*
*It is not normal that Aoi can overcome me, whose muscle power is far stronger as a vampire.*
Shuma: "Damn, how far will her power increase?"
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Ugggh!!"
*I barely stop the blow, but my arms go numb and Deesse Morte nearly flies away.*
*At that moment, I hear a nasty sound that something is breaking, and I feel it also through Deesse Morte.*
Shuma: "What's that sound?"
Lotus: "An Arm! Look at Aoi's arm!"
Shuma: "What...!!"
*Aoi's arm is bent in a strange direction...a spot different from her elbow...!*
Lotus: "Aoi's body can't keep up with the powerful boost of the injected life force."
Shuma: "What?!"
*I jump off in a hurry and keep my distance from Aoi.*
*For a second, I guard against Enosh's attack, but he lowers the fist he almost raised and does nothing.*
*The way he looks down on us and is having fun drives me mad!*
Aoi: "――――"
*Aoi gets the twin daggers ready. As she's being manipulated, her right arm dangles in a strange direction.*
*Doesn't she feel any pain? Or she feels it and suffers from it, but can't change her facial expression because of Enosh's life force?*
Shuma: "Stop! Stop manipulating Aoi! If you continue, Aoi's body will be completely broken!"
Enosh: "It is none of our concern."
*Now that things have come to this, all I can do is dodge her attacks like crazy! And while dodging, wake Aoi up at any cost.*
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Aoi, stop! Wake up! You can hear me, can't you, Aoi?!"
Aoi: "――――"
Enosh: "Unsightly, Embroche. If you don't kill Aoi, YOU will be killed."
Shuma: "I refuse to do either!"
*Enosh*
*'Then, keep doing your unsightly dance with Aoi until I fulfill our long-awaited wish!"*
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "More life force...damn it!!"
Lotus: "Do not get provoked by Enosh. Keep calling out to Aoi. She will surely break away from the shadow's control."
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi. Wake up now!!"
*Shuma is calling me.*
Shuma: "Aoi, answer me!"
*While desperately avoiding my manipulated body slashing at him with twin daggers, Shuma keeps believing in and calling out to me.*
Shuma: "Don't give in to Enosh!"
*Right, nothing is more humiliating than being used by Enosh exactly as he wants.*
*I don't want to hurt Shuma anymore.*
*Pull yourself together, Aoi! I have braced myself for this!*
Shuma: "Answer me, Aoi!!"
Aoi: "Cut me...!"
*It came out...my voice came out!*
Shuma: "Aoi?!"
*Aoi's body suddenly stops in the middle of slashing at me.*
Aoi: "Shu...ma...!"
*Yeah, Aoi broke away from Enosh's control!*
*However, Aoi desperately tries to stop her body that's still trying to continue the attack.*
Aoi: "It won't...last long...!"
Shuma: "Aoi, hold on! I'm gonna suck out Enosh's life force right now."
*I run to Aoi, and reach out my arm to catch her.*
Aoi: "No...quickly...cut...me...!"
Shuma: "What...? How can I do that?!"
Enosh: "Well, this is interesting. Aoi chooses death for Embroche."
Enosh: "What is the matter, Embroche? Will you not cut her?"
Shuma: "Damn it! You, shut up!"
Shuma: "Aoi, don't think about something stupid. I'm gonna help you now."
Aoi: "Ugh...aaaaaaah! Quick, Shuma!!"
*Crap. Aoi's hands that are holding her twin swords, slowly start to lower.*
Shuma: "Ugh?! But don't worry. You bought enough time!"
*Immediately, I clutch Aoi and hold down her body, then put my fangs to her neck―*
**STAB*...!*
Shuma: "What?!"
*I feel Deesse Morte piercing through flesh.*
Aoi: "*Cough*!"
*And fresh blood scatters before my eyes.*
Shuma: "...Aoi...what the hell are you doing?!"
*Why is Aoi grabbing Deesse Morte and stabbing her own body...her heart?!*
Aoi: "Haa...haa...purify god's shadow...now..."
Lotus: "Aoi is becoming your familiar. So clean up Enosh's life force now."
Shuma: "O-oh, alright! Haaaaah!!"
Shadow: "――――"
*Enosh's shadow disappears and Aoi grows weak.*
Shuma: "Good, now you are alright. I'll pull out Deesse Morte quickly and tell Mari―"
Aoi: "You can't...pull it...out..."
Shuma: "...Aoi? Why are you still grabbing Deesse Morte? I cleaned up the life force. Let go your grip!"
Aoi: "No...I'll give...all my life force...to Deesse Morte...like this..."
Shuma: "Hey, what kind of joke is that?!"
Lotus: "I see... This was Aoi's plan."
Shuma: "Aoi's plan...what do you mean?"
Lotus: "A resurrection of Deesse Morte."
Shuma: "A resurrection of Deesse Morte?!"
*Aoi gives a small nod as blood gushes out from the wound in her chest. She grabs the blade of Deesse Morte firmly and refuses to let it go.*
Aoi: "Iris...told me...I can pour in...my life force...to replace...the lost...life force..."
Shuma: "Don't be stupid! How can it get resurrected with a single person's worth of life force?! It's far from enough!"
Shuma: "Iris said that. Even if I wipe out several towns and let Deesse Morte suck all those people's life force, it can recover its power only a little!"
Lotus: "Certainly, if it is low purity life force, which belongs to unknown people...its wavelength won't match with the user and you must supplement low quality with quantity. The life force of Enosh is exactly that."
Lotus: "However, if it is Aoi...she is willing to be your familiar and you wish her for your mistress. You have an emotional bond with her, so her life force has a high purity and is on the same wavelength with yours. Her life force alone will be sufficient."
Aoi: "Only...I can...do...this."
Shuma: "Are you gonna sacrifice yourself...for me?!"
Aoi: "Not sacrifice...I want to...help you."
Aoi: "I want to protect...you, Shuma. Lycoris, Sakurako, Kaede...everyone in the class...many people...people in this world, I want to protect them..."
Shuma: "But if you do this, you're gonna die!"
*Aoi knows it but she smiles. Gently and proudly.*
Aoi: "When Iris told me...I didn't...hesitate. I surprised myself..."
Shuma: "Aoi...you..."
Aoi: "I, a Rubina agent...thought...I could...become...a vampire's mistress..."
Aoi: "Don't make...light of...my...resolution. Because...it's you..."
Shuma: "Oh...!"
*Aoi's life force turns into particles of light and goes into Deesse Morte...!*
Lotus: "...!"
Shuma: "Wait! Please wait, Aoi!!"
Aoi: "I give...all of me...to you...Shu...ma. Promise...to defeat...the god...please..."
Aoi: "Sorry...I can't...hear...the rest of...your words..."
Shuma: "Aoi!! Aoiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!"
*Aoi is gone.*
*She has turned to light and gone into Deesse Morte.*
*She was in my arms just now.*
*No...impossible...too stupid...*
Shuma: "Is this...my fault?"
Shuma: "Because I haven't awakened as a progenitor...I haven't had enough power...because of it, Aoi..."
Calen: "All will be done if you awaken as a progenitor, Shuma-san. That would be the end of it."
Iris: "Therefore, the fastest and most effective approach is that you awaken as a progenitor, Shuma."
*Everyone was telling me many times that it was necessary...*
*It was only Aoi who never said that sort of thing because she understood my feelings...*
*I've only worried about protecting myself...*
Calen: "Oh, well. Please make up your mind before it is too late."
*It really became too late.*
Shuma: "Hey, Dad...tell me...'This is your own fault.' "
Shuma: "Say it, 'Aoi died and disappeared because you dilly-dallied.'..."
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Why don't you say anything? Blame me now...!"
*He is so disgusted that he has nothing to say anymore...*
Enosh: "Aoi has disappeared. It was a fitting end for a worm that defied us."
Shuma: "...Shut up!"
Enosh: "However, she still died in vain. Whatever you do, you cannot stop God."
Shuma: "...I said shut up!"
Enosh: "And Embroche, you are going to be killed by us right here. Wasting the death of Aoi."
Shuma: "Don't insult Aoi's resolution and heart!!"
Enosh: "What is that light?!"
Shuma: "Deesse Morte is glowing..."
*Warm, gentle and protective...like the sun, its light is strong and radiant.*
*Moreover, the fog of life force drifting around the blade begins to disappear, as if it were being purified by the shining blade.*
Enosh: "What did you do?! Stop that light!"
*I can feel its strong life force through the grip. This is completely different from before.*
*Deesse Morte to which Aoi gave her everything for me...*
Shuma: "Right...this is no longer Deesse Morte. It's now like a reborn sun..."
Shuma: "...Tournesol."
Shuma: "Yes, this is a new sword, reborn with Aoi's life force and wish: Tournesol!"
*I can feel Tournesol, Aoi responding to my emotion.*
*With this sword and new hope Aoi gave to me...!*
Enosh: "You...defy us even after your death, Aoi!"
Shuma: "I'll never forgive you!! For Aoi, I'm gonna strike down and destroy you!!"
*I grip the handle of Tournesol firmly and I run to Enosh with all my strength.*
Shuma: "If it wasn't for you, Aoi wouldn't have died!!"
*My blood boils and I feel like I'm going completely mad!!*
Enosh: "The sword is dangerous! Die now!"
Shuma: "I'll avenge Aoi!! Waaaaaaaaaaaaagh!!"
Enosh: "Gooaaaaaah?!"
*As soon as the giant's striking fist touches Tournesol, it is purified, explodes then vanishes!*
*Leaving a burn-like wound, a hand is completely gone.*
Enosh: "Impossible! That has such power!"
Enosh: "However, as long as I have life force from Derniere, I can regenerate this kind of― Regenerate...why can't I regenerate?!"
Shuma: "This is the wrath of Aoi and me. I'm going to purify you, so you'll disappear without a trace!"
Shuma: "This is a little technique I created with Aoi during training! Take this!"
Shuma: "Rubina School Swordplay - Pseudo-Form Overwhelm!!"
Enosh: "What is thaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!"
*One strike instantly purifies and blasts away everything below Enosh's right knee.*
**WHAM*!!*
*The giant body has lost its leg and falls to the ground.*
Shuma: "You see nothing of Aoi and my anger is yet to be satisfied!"
*I jump high at the giant body and bring down Tournesol in succession.*
Enosh: "Gooaaaaaaaaah?!"
*Along with the surrounding fog, Enosh's left leg is purified and vanishes, leaving an exposed burnt stump-like piece of wood.*
Enosh: "Damn you, Embroche!!!"
Shuma: "Haaaaaaaaah!!!"
*I dodge Enosh's fist and blow it away along with the entire arm.*
Enosh: "Gooooohhhhhhhhhhh?!"
Enosh: "How is this possible?! We, a God! Against a half vampire who is yet to be a progenitor and still a mere human!"
Shuma: "You understand nothing."
Shuma: "This Tournesol Aoi gave her life to and left for me...this...this is..."
Shuma: "...the sword filled with Aoi's wish―her desire to protect the people of this world!"
Shuma: "This is the sword of justice used to defeat the ones like you who threaten this world and people living here!!"
Enosh: "S-stop...stop! Stay there! Don't come close! We must save Derniere!"
Shuma: "Vanish now!!"
Enosh: "Stop, Embroche!!!"
Shuma: "This is the end!! Rubina School Swordplay - Pseudo-Form Overwhelm!!!"
Enosh: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!"
*A flash breaks forth like a light from the warm and strong sun.*
*The blinding light burns up Enosh, purifying and blasting away the dome of fog.*
*Then...*
Shuma: "Haa, haa..."
*After the flash dies down, Enosh who had materialized and his presence has completely gone away.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa...Aoi, we did it!"
*With this...is Aoi's dedication rewarded?*
Mari: "...Master!"
Calen: "......"
*The sound of approaching steps makes me look back.*
Shuma: "Mari...Calen..."
Calen: "Well...about Aoi-san..."
Shuma: "Sorry, but don't say anything now..."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
*Now that we have defeated Enosh, we should all be overjoyed.*
*Without Aoi to be happy with...I...*
Iris: "Well, you brilliantly purified it without a trace remaining."
Shuma: "Eh, Iris?"
Lycoris: "I came too, I say!"
*Iris who grabs Lycoris' arm like luggage, flies down from the sky and stands before us.*
Iris: "I sensed a great feeling that Enosh was being purified. I came here to watch, but it seems you've already finished so quickly."
Shuma: "Yeah...thanks to Aoi."
*Iris stares at Tournesol.*
Iris: "She did it after all. Well, I suppose there was no other way."
Shuma: "...Is it true that you put Aoi up to doing this?"
Iris: "What? You look like you want to cut me down."
Iris: "Do not put it like that, boy. She quite tormented herself with the thought of helping you, so I simply told her the way she could do it."
Shuma: "Did she tormented herself...?"
Iris: "You did not know, did you? Your head was filled with your own matters and you had no concerns around you. Honestly, you're just a helpless child."
Shuma: "I see. I..."
*After all, because of me, Aoi...*
Lycoris: "Well, I know it's the middle of the conversation, but where is Aoi anyway?"
Shuma: "That's..."
*I and everyone else turn our eyes to Tournesol.*
Lycoris: "Oh...I kind of understand."
Shuma: "Sorry...all because I was cowardly..."
Lycoris: "Aoi chose it, didn't she? For Shuma. Then nothing can be done."
Lycoris: "It's filled with very gentle and warm light...the sword is just like Aoi. Please take good care of it, I say."
Shuma: "Yes, I promise. Because all things about Aoi are inside Tournesol."
Lycoris: "You renamed it from Deesse Morte to Tournesol, right? Good name. Aoi must be happy, too."
Shuma: "Oh, thanks."
Iris: "Now boy, enough chatting. Your gloomy face won't help to put an end to what remains."
*Iris points to the sky.*
Shuma: "Oh...!"
*The hole still remains open.*
Iris: "With that sword...Tournesol, formerly Deesse Morte if I'm correct. With it, you can cut out a hole that size in one stroke and eliminate it."
Iris: "Then, everything will end."
Shuma: "......"
Iris: "What is the matter, boy. Why not cut it out now?"
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Master?"
Lycoris: "What's wrong? Do it quickly for Aoi, I say."
Shuma: "...Hey, just cutting out the hole won't bring the true end, will it?"
Iris: "What?"
Shuma: "You told us the barrier is there to stop the interference from Derniere, but Enosh was on this side of our world."
Shuma: "Which means, in Derniere there are a bunch more like Enosh, and they will keep interfering with this world."
Calen: "Shuma... Never?!"
Shuma: "Yeah, until something is done about it, this world and it's people here will not be safe, in the true sense of the word, as Aoi wished."
Shuma: "I must accomplish it for Aoi, too."
Iris: "I see. You are going over there."
Mari: "Master, are you serious?! In the first place, it's such a wild idea that you will purify a whole world by yourself. How long will that take?!"
Shuma: "Of course, I'm serious. I don't know how many years...no, how many hundreds of years it will take, but I can do it as long as I have Tournesol that Aoi left for me."
Calen: "This is a one-way ticket. Are you truly alright with it?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Because this is something only I can do."
Mari: "But, but, that means you will leave all of us?!"
Shuma: "That's true... I'm sorry."
Mari: "You will leave me behind..."
Shuma: "I really can take no one. Over there is filled with that life force."
Shuma: "So, Mari, I owe a lot to you."
Mari: "Master... Waaaaaaaaaan!!"
Shuma: "Hey! Don't cry, Mari. You'll make me cry, too."
Mari: "Because...because...!"
Shuma: "Please...send me off with a smile."
Mari: "*Sob*...*sob*...yes. Master...please do your best and save the world."
Shuma: "Yeah, thanks, Mari."
Shuma: "Calen, as for being your fiance and so on, just wipe the slate clean."
Calen: "Good grief, I dare say."
Calen: "Please rest assured. I cannot keep a gentleman who leaves me for another world as my fiance forever."
Shuma: "Alright, thank you."
Shuma: "And, I guess the barrier will be alright with Iris and Calen's family as it lasted this long without me."
Shuma: "Still if anything happens, I am counting on you, Lycoris."
Lycoris: "You look determined. Understood! For Aoi too, leave this world to me, I say!"
Shuma: "Yeah, I leave it to you."
*It is a lie to say I have no regret.*
*There are many friends I cannot say good-bye to.*
*But I have already decided.*
*I will fulfill the wish of the woman I love. I will save the world for her.*
Shuma: "So, Iris, please take care of the hole."
Iris: "Do not worry about a trifle. Go and do as you wish."
Shuma: "Yeah."
Shuma: "Okay then, bye everyone!"
====================E-AO04_05.TXT====================
*Several months have passed quickly since the big moment when Shuma defeated the god, I say.*
*Since that day, incidents involving that god have suddenly stopped and normal days have returned to the world.*
*"God's in his heaven; all's right with the world," is what this is.*
*But the bottom line is, their essential God was a fake, so the Rubina seemed to be in complete chaos for a period of time.*
*Well, I gave up on them quickly and quit, so that has nothing to do with me anymore.*
Lycoris: "Hello, I say!"
Calen: "Oh, Lycoris-san. Welcome!"
Mari: "Whoa, she came back again."
Lycoris: "What a greeting, I say."
Lycoris: "Both Sakurako and Kaede said they had something to do after school and ditched me. It doesn't hurt to be gentle when I'm heartbroken, does it?"
Mari: "Even though you attacked them, all of you have become really good friends now."
Lycoris: "Yeah, it's impossible to not be friends with people who were friendly to Aoi."
Lycoris: "Please don't underestimate my excellent communication skills."
Mari: "Since there's no one to play the role of the 'straight man' who butts in, I have to pick up the slack. And it's tiresome, so please don't deliver any silly lines."
Lycoris: "Awful, I didn't say anything silly!"
Calen: "Both of them know the circumstances. We must be grateful to those who are broad-minded."
*Soon after Shuma was gone, this house began looking like a funeral was happening every day. But now, it's finally come back to normal.*
Mari: "Anyway, can't you do something about coming here whenever you are hungry?"
Lycoris: "Eating only cup noodles and bento boxes from convenience stores isn't nutritiously balanced. I'm concerned about my diet in my own way."
Lycoris: "Above all, it's important for neighbors to help each other."
Mari: "It's not for you to say, who comes here to sponge a meal all the time."
Calen: "She seems to be talking about a good thing, but in fact she is only exposing her own pathetic incompetence."
Lycoris: "......"
Calen: "...Why did you look at me right then?"
Lycoris: "No reason, I say!"
*Calen has ended up staying at Shuma's home.*
*Even though they talked about canceling the engagement, I wonder what she's thinking, I say.*
*Compared to her, I rent a cheap apartment in the neighborhood and live by myself. I'm a perfectly independent woman.*
*By the way, after my life force got back to normal, Iris quickly went back to Racronia as if to say she did all she should do.*
*Well that's that. If Iris stayed here forever, I wouldn't be able to relax, so it was a great help to me, I say.*
*And...*
Shuma/???: "We're home!"
Mari: "Oh, the 'straight man' is back with perfect timing."
Mari: "Welcome home!"
Calen: "Welcome back!"
Lycoris: "Welcome, I say!"
Shuma: "Oh, we're home! Aaaah, this world is so good compared to the other one. The air is delicious."
Aoi/???: "I guess you're saying the air is delicious. That's fine, but you stink."
Shuma: "Ugh, seriously? *Sniff sniff*...Derniere smell?"
Aoi/???: "Stop sniffing. It's embarrassing. Go to the bathroom and quickly clean yourself."
Shuma: "Then, how about we take a bath together?"
Aoi/???: "No way! I'm gonna get rusty. Instead, take good care of me after the bath."
Shuma: "Understood. I will polish your body all over, fully and attentively."
Aoi/???: "Don't talk dirty like that, stupid."
Lycoris: "Good grief. They are so close as usual."
Mari: "Let's think of them as a husband and wife comedy duo."
*Really, 'All's right with the world' and it's a good thing.*
Shuma: "Phew, I feel better."
*Wiping my wet hair, I enter the living room with Tournesol in my hand.*
*In the room, there are Mari and Calen as usual, and Lycoris is again here to sponge a meal. This sight makes me truly feel I'm home and I'm relieved.*
Mari: "Oh, Master, you already finished your bath."
Mari: "If you are hungry, would you like to have what's leftover from lunch? Or would you drink my blood?"
Aoi: "Before that, take care of me first."
Shuma: "What? Jealous? Aoi, you are such a spoiled child."
Aoi: "No, stupid! You were stinky which means the same smell is on me, too. I don't want to keep smelling like that."
Shuma: "Okay, okay. Don't rush. I'm gonna polish you right now."
*With specially selected tools in my hands, I start polishing Tournesol's blade.*
*Tournesol has no tarnishes or nicks. Lightly polishing it brings back its brilliance. This is my very, VERY important and dearest partner.*
Aoi: "Mmm, it feels good! It's great to be clean."
Lycoris: "Aoi, you have entirely changed. You make out with Shuma no matter where you are."
Aoi: "I-I'm not making out!"
Mari: "Everyone thought you disappeared. I guess you're lucky enough to be alive."
Calen: "Now in your second life, you want to make out with Shuma-san as much as you wish, so that you will have no regret this time."
Shuma: "Yes, yes, I understand your feelings. I'm thinking so, too. Now that I can be with you again like this, I will never let you go."
*When I rub my cheek against the polished blade, it's like I can feel her heartbeat, and it puts my mind at peace.*
Aoi: "R-r-really, Shuma!"
Mari: "Of course, from the third person's point of view, it is nothing but object sexuality, the perverted act of a man falling in love with a sword."
Aoi & Shuma: "Don't call this perverted!"
*Yes, Aoi is alive.*
*To be exact, Aoi's body is lost. She's become an existence of personality and life force only, which is sealed in Tournesol. At any rate, she didn't completely disappear.*
*This is all thanks to my dad.*
*At the moment Aoi became life force and was about to disappear, Dad took in her thought body―a part of her soul―into the ring in place of himself.*
*And Dad... He went into Deesse Morte after sacrificing himself for the part of Aoi which he put into the ring.*
*He left me without saying anything.*
*With my fingertip, I trace the ring embedded in the grip of Tournesol.*
*It's all thanks to Dad that I can be with Aoi like this, talk with her and have hope for the future.*
Shuma: "I'm hoping we hug each other the right way as soon as possible."
Aoi: "So do I. I want to see you with my own eyes, talk with my own mouth, touch and feel your warmth."
Shuma: "Hey, Calen, when will that artificial body made from the homunculus be ready?"
Calen: "If it is just a toy like a mannequin, then immediately. However, if it is the same as a human, like completely the same Aoi-san when she was alive, it will take much more time."
Calen: "What Shuma-san strongly requests is indeed demanding."
Aoi: "Shuma's strong request? What's that? I heard nothing?"
Calen: "Oh, have you not heard?"
Shuma: "Calen! Sshhh! Sshhh!"
Aoi: "What? Is there something you are hiding from me?"
Shuma: "Oh...that's...well, I mean..."
Aoi: "It's going to be my body. I have a right to know. Calen, tell me."
Calen: "I suppose you are right. It is about your own body."
Calen: "He requested a body with which you can make love and feel good properly. He also asked that it should be as sensitive as the time he sucked your blood and mesmerized you."
Aoi: "Sh...Shuma?!"
Shuma: "But, but, that's really important, isn't it?!"
Shuma: "I want to have sex with you as soon as I can. I want to touch and hug you and confirm our love. Don't you feel the same, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Th-that..."
Mari: "......"
Calen: "......"
Lycoris: "......"
Aoi: "Over there, shut up!"
Lycoris: "I said nothing♪"
Mari: "Yes♪"
Aoi: "For crying out loud, stupid Shuma!!"
Shuma: "My fault?!"
Calen: "In any case, you have a mission that you've set your mind to."
Calen: "Until it is accomplished, we will not be able to take out Aoi-san's life force. So we will have enough time I think."
Shuma: "Right. Then I don't need to worry about it."
Aoi: "How many more decades...no, maybe it will take many hundreds of years."
*Purify all the sinister and stagnant life force in Derniere. That is the mission Aoi and I swore to our hearts.*
*According to Iris, it is like "replacing water in the ocean with fresh water, using a bucket".*
*Even though I chose this road by myself, this is honestly a colossal endeavor.*
Mari: "When you left back then, Master, I thought it was your final farewell and braced myself to see you off."
Calen: "And shortly after, you came back so easily."
Mari: "Yes, really, he came back so easily that I was really upset. Give me back the tears I shed for you!"
Shuma: "Okay, regarding that, I explained it when I came back and apologized to you many times. I didn't think I would be able to come back at all."
Shuma: "When I kept using Tournesol in full throttle, I awakened as a progenitor for some reason."
Shuma: "Originally, the way the three clans came to this world was by making a hole."
Shuma: "And I thought, now that I'm a progenitor, maybe I can do it too. So I gave it a try."
Calen: "Then, you could succeed quite easily, and you could come back quickly."
Mari: "It started as an incredibly large undertaking that you crossed over another world to save this one. But now it's more like a day trip or part-time job. There's no more pressure."
Lycoris: "The progenitors...so random, I say!"
Shuma: "Well yeah, I think so too."
*In short, thanks to it, I can spend my days with all of them as usual.*
*And I'm able to purify a far greater area with Tournesol, incomparable to what could be done before.*
*I really didn't want to be a progenitor before...but now, I must admit that I'm glad this happened.*
Shuma: "That time, it was like an unwavering resolve. I mean, I took off, really believing I would never step foot on the soil of this world again"
Aoi: "An unwavering resolve, I guess."
Shuma: "W-what?"
Aoi: "Hey, listen everyone! Shuma couldn't even last a day and gave up. He started saying, "It's hard being alone. I'm lonely, I wanna go home, Aoi, Aoi!"."
Shuma: "What, Aoi-san?!"
Aoi: "He kept sobbing so much that I ended up awakening and couldn't leave him alone."
Mari: "Well then."
Calen: "Oh dear. So once you calmed down, you came to your senses."
Lycoris: "Such great behavior for a hero."
Shuma: "Terrible. We promised to keep it between us!"
Aoi: "Hmph. Revenge for the artificial body."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Aoi: "Alright! I won!"
Shuma: "What kind of match is this? Really."
*But in any case I can be with everyone like before.*
*I don't know when it will be, but I'm sure I will see Aoi in person again in the future.*
*It seems eternal, but this road has an end, and we have enough time to walk on the road together.*
Shuma: "Aoi, let's do our best."
Aoi: "Yes, Shuma!"
====================E-KL01_01.TXT====================
*It is bright tonight.*
*Darkness of the night is weakened by the brightly shining full moon, and it seems not to be suited for preying on humans.*
*However, the enemy is a vampire.*
Calen: "Tonight's moon looks even more beautiful."
*A few steps behind me, another vampire who does not prey on humans, I hope, looks up and becomes dazzled by the full moon.*
*I'm not sure if it's because of the moon or what, but she seems to have been in a good mood since we parted from Mari.*
Calen: "*Sigh*... It is enchanting...! Oh, come to think of it, what am I here for? Well?"
*Even though it is pretty doubtful, she's been looking for Lycoris.*
*Anyway. Calen is acting like this, so even though Lycoris used to be a human, it might be a great night for her to make a move.*
Calen: "Anyway, it is a small thing. It must be. Oh, this is truly..."
*However, I look at her carefully once again...*
Calen: "...?"
*Probably thanks to the moonlight, her originally pale skin now looks translucent, her silvery hair is dazzling.*
*Even without them, without relying on such things...she is honestly beautiful.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, what is the matter?"
Shuma: "Well..."
*I'm too embarrassed to say that I was a little captivated by her.*
Lotus: "You were drooling over her. Shuma prefers girls like Calen-san, I see. Your taste is different from mine."
Shuma: "Your taste is irrelevant right now..."
Calen: "Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Oh, I mean, I was wondering why you let me come along with no objections."
Calen: "Hmm. Hmm?"
Shuma: "You see, because of the thing I'm trying to do, isn't it strange for you to say no?"
*I am trying to stop incidents before they happen.*
*Not producing victims means there will be no targets I can suck blood from.*
*That should be inconvenient for the Officinalis family who sent Calen to be wed to me, a progenitor.*
Calen: "I am in no position to refuse it. Or in fact, did you prefer me to say now?"
Calen: "You said you would like to have me with you... Ah, I see, I see, now I understand. This is tsundere."
Shuma: "Wrong. In many ways wrong. All wrong."
*Where did you learn such a word. It must be from Sakurako.*
Shuma: "I guess it's okay if you don't care about it. With you, that's reassuring when we find Lycoris."
*It's pretty uncool but I'm not sure if I can fight against her, much less escape.*
Calen: "Really. It is such a wonderful night and I am with you, but all I can think about is that little hussy."
Calen: "You do not need to use your brain for such a matter. Once you awaken as a progenitor, quickly, as fast as possible..."
Shuma: "Then?"
Calen: "Such a sham vampire, we will crumple her up like this and throw her away♪"
*Even so, stop that hand movement, crumpling up with your hands. It makes me think you can really do it and looks grotesque somehow.*
Calen: "That is it... Rather, she is in our way. I see, I see."
Calen: "Shall we do it? Let's do it. Let us crush that third-rate sham vampire out of shape♪"
*Scary! Why is she getting more excited?! And now she said, "crush out of shape".*
Shuma: "No, we can't crush her. She's only controlled by Iris, isn't she..."
Calen: "*Annoyed*..."
Shuma: "Don't pout. This is not the place to pout. You are not cute if you pout now. You're just scary to me."
*A vampire is scary, really.*
*As I turn my back and start walking, quiet footsteps catch up with me immediately.*
Calen: "By any chance, is Shuma-san desiring cuteness from me?"
Shuma: "It's not that. Ah, maybe you're worried about what I said? If so, sorry."
Calen: "Not a problem. However, so.."
Calen: "If my lack of cuteness affects our relationship after marriage, this is an issue we must seriously think about."
Shuma: "There are other issues we need to seriously think about. In the first place, don't continue the talk on the assumption we will marry."
Calen: "Will we not?"
Calen: "Shuma-san, do you have no intention of marrying me?"
*Of course, the girl is like this. As far as her looks are concerned, she's too good for me.*
*Furthermore, marrying her would be such a simple solution to almost all the problems I have. So, I know I should jump on it but...*
Shuma: "I have no answer yet."
*But marrying Calen means I will live in the vampire world, that is, I will quit being human.*
*...How can I answer back so easily?*
Lotus: "If I were you, and a girl of my type came asking for marriage, I would mesmerize her quickly and make her my mistress. Although, I wouldn't marry her because your mother would get angry, I would love her as much as possible."
Lotus: "With a cute loli girl, day and night, no, even at noon and morning, I would do this and that...and be carried away. I wish I had a body again."
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "It seems you are giving me the "silent treatment". Nothing can be done. I will wait for the next opportunity to teach you about the wonders of loli girls."
*It seems he read my mind for the time being, but I don't want to hear it to begin with. Now is about Calen's story.*
Calen: "Hmm. Being too fast is disappointing, however, a gentleman who takes too long can be a problem, too..."
Shuma: "Hey, aren't you talking about something else?"
Calen: "Is it so? Well, I wonder what I made you think of."
Shuma: "Don't show your sadist side to me..."
Calen: "Oh, Shuma-san, you are misunderstanding me. I have no taste for tormenting gentlemen."
Calen: "I would rather fish for an invitation, I suppose?"
Shuma: "Don't ask me! How would I know? Where did you learn about that, from Sakurako?!"
Calen: "In the Officinalis library."
Shuma: "Why are books that can be found on a personal book shelf at best, maybe, stored in the library?! Move or burn such books!"
Calen: "From what I hear, they were taken over from someone in the Embroche."
Shuma: "What's with my family anyway?!"
Lotus: "Oh, certainly I lent this kind of literature to the Officinalis. That time, I was really into the subject and collected the literature, because I felt like...loli girls are good but it's hard to ignore older girls' charm, too!"
*...I feel a deep darkness in this matter since he possibly calls only dirty books as literature.*
Lotus: "I wonder if it's men's nature that we cannot resist big boobs. Well, I was soon out of it and settled that loli is supreme and ultimate!"
Lotus: "The Officinalis borrowed them from me and they were never returned."
*I wonder if these three clans are good classmates or something like that?*
Shuma: "That's enough. Enough of this story, I'm diving into despair..."
*I say that to both Calen and Dad and hang my head down.*
*...Well, it said all the Embroche familiars disappeared so if I don't become the progenitor...*
Shuma: "Hey, by the way..."
*We have spent some time together up to now, but I've never asked her this question.*
Shuma: "If you don't marry me, what are you going to do? Are you going back home?"
Calen: "Who knows? I have not even thought about it. Well, such an ending has not been prepared for, so please do not be concerned."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you have no choice but to marry me♪"
Shuma: "Where does that confidence come from?"
Calen: "You say that but this is nothing but a fact. And you, Shuma-san, before long, well, we cannot be too complacent but, anyway..."
Calen: "You are to marry me. It is so decided!"
Shuma: "*Sigh*... She won't let us find her so easily, as I imagined."
*We are only a party of two, and moreover, without any definite aim, the area we must search is the entire town. It's too disorganized, I guess.*
*Still, I hope that our...well mainly Calen's strolling like this will deter Lycoris' activities.*
Shuma: "...Well, I shouldn't be optimistic like this and think deterrence is enough, I guess."
Calen: "Probably because we have walked around so much, I am getting hungry... I am starved."
Shuma: "Hey, the incarnation of easygoing."
Calen: "Oh. Does that sort of individual exist?"
Shuma: "When we go home, look in a mirror. You will see her right there."
*Still, it's better than her being in a bad mood, rejecting me, or refusing to come with me at all.*
Shuma: "You always do things at your own pace and stay composed. Somehow you influence me and loosen me up."
Calen: "I do not need to be tense. And Shuma-san, you have so much trouble recently, so you must be tired."
Calen: "So, in order to avoid feeling dizzy and passed out, it is necessary to have time to make your head empty and become carefree."
Shuma: "Are you saying you worry about me and intentionally being cheerful?"
Calen: "I am your wife. It is rightfully so!"
Shuma: "Don't make the marriage official at your discretion. Anyway, you're always easygoing."
*Really, she never gets impatient. Putting Lycoris' case aside, our relationship has hardly advanced.*
*Our marriage is decided, so she says. I hope she won't do something weird and force it on me if I finally decide not to go through with it.*
Shuma: "But, if you and Lycoris actually fight, what will it be like? Oh, I put that in a wrong way. It's not that I'm just asking out of curiosity."
Calen: "It is unnecessary to apologize. I understand you very well, Shuma-san. More than anybody else."
Shuma: "Don't be sly and place yourself into the role of number one supporter. We don't know each other that well."
Calen: "Oh, how disappointing. In that case, I will be cross. You dare to compare me with that sham vampire."
*That means there is a difference in their power. It is so wide that it's unnecessary to worry about it.*
Calen: "Unlike you, who is to be a progenitor, she is originally human after all. I am offended to be compared to that. Infringement on vampires' rights. Hmph."
Shuma: "Ah, I'm sorry. Don't be angry. That's it. You are hungry, aren't you? I'll get you tomato juice as an apology."
Calen: "No, thank you. Rather than that, let us go to have dinner, shall we♪"
Shuma: "Why have you been like this for a while now? Did you take up a big eater persona?"
Calen: "It is not so, really. I assumed it is about the time for you to become hungry, so I bear my shame and have said it."
Shuma: "Liar. But if you're talking about dinner..."
*...Partially because she mentioned it and I became aware, I'm a little hungry for sure.*
Calen: "Are you not hungry? Just as I mentioned it."
Calen: "I know more about you, Shuma-san, more than anyone else."
*Calen says this, then walks close to me.*
Calen: "For some reason, it appears to you, Shuma-san, that I simply care not, however..."
Calen: "Still, I keep watching you carefully. No, I see no one but you, Shuma-san."
*As she stops at the distance our toes meet, she places both her hands on my chest and looks up at me with shimmering eyes.*
Calen: "Only you are reflected in my eyes...!"
Shuma: "W-what's that? Stop doing it...out of blue."
Calen: "Possibly, you do not like it?"
Shuma: "That's not it. That's not..."
*Due to mesmerization, I'm not a virgin anymore and I am showered with favorable attention, BUT...*
Shuma: "Th-this is really embarrassing, I mean..."
*This...I know it's rude to compare both sides, but this girl who is more beautiful than anybody else says that to me...*
*Moreover, mesmerization is not involved right now. This is completely different from Sakurako and other girls' cases, so it is extra...*
Shuma: "...Awkward."
Calen: "Oh, shall I take it as you are accepting me favorably?"
Shuma: "I-it's enough, isn't it? Step back for the time being."
*She still doesn't step back. I cannot shake her away so I look away.*
*Oh, no... Serious crap. For a second, I thought it might not be so bad to marry her.*
Lotus: "This is what it is. In contemporary slang..."Choroin" (a heroine who easily falls in love)?"
Shuma: "...Shut up."
*I complain in a low voice and my heartbeat calms down a little.*
*Not good. Not good at all. I don't mean to be steeped in the vampire world. I don't mean to but...*
Shuma: "Th-that's right. We were talking about having dinner."
Shuma: "We haven't found Lycoris yet, so we can't go home."
Calen: "Yes. Such a wonderful night. It is too early to stay at home."
Shuma: "Hey, this isn't a stroll. We are looking for Lycoris."
Calen: "Until we find that Lycopene, it is the same as a stroll."
Shuma: "Lycopene is in tomatoes. If you want to take that in, buy tomato juice from the vending machine over there."
Calen: "Let us go and take in the real thing instead of fake♪"
Shuma: "Don't call it fake. It's in juice, too, probably."
Calen: "I don't care about small details. I cannot think about details."
*After all, everything moves at her pace from the beginning to the end. I feel completely relaxed, too.*
*Well, my impatience won't help us find Lycoris, either. Rather, what they say, "Haste makes waste".*
Calen: "Now, shall we go? Go, go, I say♪"
*Becoming too impatient and blind to my surroundings... In order to avoid the situation, I asked Calen to come with me...*
Shuma: "Hmm? Why are we linking arm in arm?"
*Calen's arm snuggles up against mine...and not only her arm, but also her protruding part which is too far out on her slender body...*
*Plainly speaking, her boob is touching my arm. It's pressed against it.*
Calen: "Why can we not link arm in arm?"
Shuma: "Huh? She threw a question back?!"
Calen: "Sakurako-san was saying, if I am your fiancee, it is more like...something."
Shuma: "Listen to her a bit more carefully. Remember what she said to you. You did remember words like 'tsundere'."
Calen: "Ah, that is in the library. If I remember correctly it was from someone in the Embroche."
Lotus: "I was into "tsundere" for quite some time. In the end, I settled that loli girl's tsundere is the best."
Shuma: "Perish the Embroche family!"
Calen: "It has been perishing already."
Calen: "Yes, however, you are rude. I do remember precisely what it is about linking arm in arm."
Shuma: "What is it precisely? Don't get proud. Even if you remembered everything, it would be nothing to be proud of."
*In the first place, as she puffs her chest, that touches me more. That...soft thing...*
*However many times I touch them, I won't get used to them. And to begin with, the ones I touched are not Calen's. Oh no, I'm trying not to remember.*
*Anyway. I become anxious about them. If boobs touch them, all the men in the world get anxious!*
Calen: "This is the precious first time dinner we will have to ourselves. Right now, let us accept Sakurako-san's advice, shall we?"
Shuma: "You hardly remember them."
Calen: "Don't be concerned with details. Now, shall we go, Shuma-san!"
*I sigh and start walking.*
*Even the sigh, I did it as a pose or did it so that she wouldn't notice my attraction to her boobs or... Anyway, putting boobs aside...*
*The offer of marriage with Calen. Considering what she said to me, whether to accept or not. Well, right now I'm inclined to say no, but still...*
*Even if I refuse the offer, I must seriously think about it... The reason I reach this state of mind is never just because of her boobs.*
Calen: "And somehow, no, it is hard to understand but certainly in that book..."
Shuma: "Enough. It's stupid of me to have asked you out of curiosity. I don't want to despair over the blood running through me."
*I keep linking my arm with Calen's...meaning I keep walking while feeling softness, warmth, and many things about her boobs.*
*This is just like a date. Naturally, I pay attention to my surroundings, well, try to pay attention, but my arm starts being squeezed between her boobs... Crap.*
Shuma: "...Huh?"
Calen: "Oops... Why is it that you stopped all of a sudden?"
Shuma: "Oh, sorry."
*That is certainly my fault, but...*
Shuma: "Aren't we supposed to go and have dinner?"
*And yet, before I know it, we're almost home, walking the familiar school route.*
*My attention was slightly taken away by Calen's boobs and I didn't notice this at all. Really only a little. I never thought I wanted to touch, or moreover, fondle them.*
Calen: "That is correct? So, there."
Shuma: "There...?"
*What Calen points at is not a restaurant. No, it would be much better if she pointed at an empty space.*
Calen: "How are they? They look delicious, do they not? Shuma-san, which would you prefer?"
Shuma: "W-wait, wait. Delicious or what, you see..."
*How much I'm infatuated with her boobs and how slow I am to guess, all I have now is a bad feeling about the situation.*
Shuma: "They are girls."
*Three girls around our age walk on the street talking and laughing among themselves.*
*In the direction Calen is pointing, there's nothing delicious except those three girls.*
Calen: "It is perfect timing♪ I saw several looking delicious but..."
Calen: "Young and lovely girls are the best after all."
Shuma: "...Oh, a joke. Stop doing that!"
Calen: "Huh? Oh, I see, I see. I understand. Shuma-san, you prefer mature ladies."
Shuma: "I like girls who are the same age as me! It's not that, see, I told you before."
Lotus: "Wait. I think that's wrong, too. All the successive progenitors of the Embroche family are supposed to be lolicon."
Shuma: "I'm not a lolicon or mature lady lover!"
Calen: "Huh? No one said anything about lolicon. Did you possibly deny it yourself since you have a guilty conscience?"
Lotus: "Now I got it. The reason you deny it so vehemently is because of it. Don't be stubborn, be honest with yourself, Shuma. I will accept you however you are."
Shuma: "No, no! Definitely NOT!"
Calen: "Oh, is that so. Then, those three are fine, are they not?"
Shuma: "I told you I won't suck blood except for when I absolutely have to. I won't prey on girls, either. I thought you understood me."
Calen: "Understood? Whether I understood or not, I have heard it very often certainly."
Calen: "However. We are yet to have an inescapable situation which you talk about."
Shuma: "It may be so. I will never willingly suck blood."
Calen: "Oh, I see. But that is not a topic I would like to have with you. Well, it is important too, but..."
Calen: "It is about a much simpler, easier and more natural topic. Vampires are immortal, however..."
Calen: "If you continue to eat nothing, you will pass out. Do you understand?"
Shuma: "Nope. I eat every day...today, too..."
Calen: "You are hungry, aren't you?"
Shuma: "...I am not."
Calen: "A lie. I do remember everything you talk about, Shuma-san."
*I was careless in many ways. To begin with, she wants me to awaken to a vampire AND a progenitor.*
*She has a different purpose. Actually hers is opposite of mine. Why? I knew it all along.*
Calen: "Humans, they are far away now. Shall I go and catch them?"
Shuma: "No...leaving that aside, let's continue our talk."
Calen: "In that case, shall we stroll a little more. The moon is not down yet."
Calen: "Anyway. What is so mysterious to you?"
Calen: "All living things will eventually pass out if nothing is eaten."
Shuma: "That's true. But what is this hunger I'm feeling and this blood-sucking urge?"
Calen: "It is simply a similar thing♪"
Calen: "Well, your way of feeling hunger might be different from mine, more or less."
*Calen takes a sip of tomato juice she just bought, which is fake and nothing but just for show.*
Calen: "Ugh...why do they sell it this cold. I cannot understand."
Calen: "Right, that is it. Let us continue our talk."
Calen: "How many days have passed since you bit all those doggies, Shuma-san? It is about time for you to miss life force."
Shuma: "Not yet. It's not like I want to suck their blood as soon as girls enter my view."
Calen: "For that reason you are hungry. If you go as far as feeling the urge, that is starvation."
Calen: "Before, you were not able to notice it until you starved yourself, but all along your body complained of hunger."
Shuma: "B-but, up to now if I ate normally, I became full."
*Even in school, of course when I was attacked by the blood-sucking urge, I had no time to feel full or anything like that...*
*Still, once I ate lunch normally, and didn't feel hungry until night.*
*At home I ate dinner, Mari cooked every day and night, and I didn't have any problems.*
Calen: "You said it yourself now."
Calen: "You are right. It was so up to now."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you were living as a human in the human world. Moreover, you didn't need to take in life force."
Calen: "Probably, tasting the food you ate as human, that act itself must have been enough to satisfy you."
Calen: "And fortunately you've sucked human blood from time to time. It cannot be helped if you have not noticed it."
Shuma: "Is that...so? Then..."
*It means nothing to eat the same things as humans do, and from now, what I need to have is...*
Calen: "I do not know the real truth, though. I am not good at complicated talks, either."
Shuma: "Th-then! The story now may be not all true."
Calen: "You are correct. However, I have not been talking irresponsibly."
Calen: "In my own way, I worry about you, Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "Worry? What do you need to worry about. Even the story isn't correct, it means just not yet, right."
Shuma: "In the end, I will prey on humans by myself. Why do you need to worry about that?"
Shuma: "A situation like that must be preferable to you..."
*The situation that I must suck blood from humans to live regardless of whether they're victims or not...*
*It will be more convenient for Calen who wants me to suck blood and awaken as a progenitor, than the situation of Lycoris creating more victims.*
*If that will happen, if I invite such a situation, then...*
Calen: "Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Oh...well. I'm sorry. I said it in a bad way."
Calen: "Not at all. Whatever happens, I will not give up being your wife."
Shuma: "Alright... Thanks."
*Why did I say sorry to her. It must be true Calen is happy with the current situation. And why did I thank her?*
Calen: "Hmm, Shuma-san..."
Calen: "About the marriage with me...would you rather decide it right now?"
Shuma: "Huh? W-why are you bringing it up right now?"
Calen: "I am saying it because it is now."
*Calen snuggles up to me slowly as she did before.*
Shuma: "H-hey."
Calen: "I am glad you called for me today... It would be impossible to talk like this unless we were alone."
Shuma: "Which talk? Marriage? Or..."
Calen: "Both... As for your body condition, it required courage for me to bring up the subject."
Calen: "I was concerned if I brought up the subject, you would decide to disappear without sucking a drop of human blood ever again."
*Certainly, while trying to stop having more victims, I'll end up being an assailant. I've imagined this possibility more or less, but it's too heavy a load to carry.*
Shuma: "You mean, worry..."
Calen: "Somehow, Shuma-san, you seem to be thinking about it...shall I say...too deeply or too strangely."
Calen: "Sucking blood and life force from humans does not mean you will kill them, understand?"
Calen: "Moreover, you will not familiarize any humans right now..."
Shuma: "But even so, if I bite, mesmerization..."
Calen: "That will be the same if you bite what you call, 'victims'?"
Shuma: "That...yeah, I guess so."
Calen: "When you bite dogs, you seem to have it mostly in control, so I do not think you will mesmerize everyone."
Calen: "And in the future, if you cannot hold yourself down and prey on humans..."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you do not wish it, do you? You cannot bear such a reality, can you?"
Shuma: "Ah..."
Calen: "I can support Shuma-san as you are now because I am a vampire like you."
Calen: "Since we are both vampires, I can, no, ONLY I can understand you right now."
*...Now it's clear to me. I've wanted someone I can cling to.*
*Suddenly I was pulled in and told that I was a vampire, but didn't have anyone I could depend on.*
*Under the circumstances, I was afraid of losing the one who worried about me, the one who might let me cling to her. So I apologized and felt relieved once she forgave me.*
Calen: "You know everything will be solved once we are united, don't you? About Lady Pumila, and naturally, about that hussy."
Calen: "No one will be attacked and it will not be necessary for you to trouble yourself any more. Shuma-san."
Calen: "You might think it is quite unladylike to receive a proposal from me..."
Calen: "Will you marry me?"
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Calen: "What would you like to do tonight? Shall we take a stroll together?"
Shuma: "Huh? Oh, right. I've thought nothing about it. What are we going to do?"
Calen: "It seems we will have nice weather tonight. We will be able to see the beautiful moon like last night."
Calen: "Today soon after school, well, of course. If you say now, I will accompany you immediately!"
Aoi: "What's this? You two from the same tribe are sticking close together? It wasn't like that until yesterday."
Calen: "Well, it is natural for us to be close together."
Aoi: "I don't care what kind of relationship you have to each other but..."
Aoi: "...You're not planning something funny, are you?"
Calen: "Dear me! I have no idea what you are talking about."
Aoi: "Please don't increase my workload. If you're going to make a real mess of things, you should stay happy-go-lucky as you usually are."
*"Happy-go-lucky", she said.*
Calen: "Will you marry me?"
Shuma: "...Well, I can't answer that, not right now..."
Calen: "Why is that? It will be too late?"
Calen: "You must be vaguely aware that you will not be able to return to being a human. Am I wrong?"
Calen: "You sucked that much blood the other day. Now you have become more of a vampire and need more life force."
Calen: "Do you still have regret, wishing you were human?"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "Shuma-san, you are a vampire. That is a fact beyond doubt. You cannot change this any longer."
Calen: "But still, do you think you can live in the human world?"
Calen: "If you did, would you continue to suffer among them? Would the humans ever understand your struggle?"
*...That's right. What Calen said is true.*
*Aoi...humans don't understand me. The idea of having them understand is wrong.*
Aoi: "W-what? Did I say something that hurt your feelings?"
Shuma: "No, really. Next class is in a different room, I think. Let's go, Calen."
Calen: "Yes! Wherever and how far it is, I will accompany you."
*But I have Calen now so I don't need to have humans understand...*
Aoi: "Was he...like that before?"
Mari: "Well. I haven't heard anything from him, but this is a development I've been wishing for."
Mari: "And, I don't want to talk with you any more. Master, wait for me."
Aoi: "...Hmph."
Shuma: "Phew..."
*Calen said to me she would accompany me after school, but I asked her and made it after dark.*
*I said "accompany", but finding Lycoris is not the first purpose of it.*
*It is to suck blood...meaning for my meal as a vampire.*
Shuma: "Oh, right. I've got mail."
From: Calen: "shuma-san. i am waiting for you at home, so call me when you are back. how can i make capital letters appear?"
*She's like a mother writing an email for the first time on her mobile. It does look like this is her first try. I wonder if she typed hard while tilting her head to the side in confusion.*
*As far as my meal is concerned, Calen will accompany me so I'm sure I'll finish it easily without being exposed.*
*Still, this will be the first time to do it of my own free will. I want to calm down by myself a little...*
*...While trying my best not to think unnecessary things.*
Shuma: "Oh...the sun is depressing... Shade, shade."
Lycoris: "Aw, I feel so heavy..."
*There's already a visitor. A strange one is crouching with her back toward me.*
Lycoris: "The sun, so hateful... So hateful that I cannot stand it, I say! Aww..."
Shuma: "Hey!"
Lycoris: "What? Don't talk to me now, I say."
Lycoris: "I'm busy thinking about how to catch Shuma Embroche. Go away, I say!"
Shuma: "Hey, stupid."
Lycoris: "The one who says something stupid is stupid! You, stupid!"
Lycoris: "Eek, Shuma Embroche! W-what's happening?!"
Shuma: "I don't mean to fight or run away, so calm down for the time being."
Lycoris: "...?"
Lycoris: "What's up with this, you want to talk with me? Do you understand your own position. You and I are enemies."
Lycoris: "Oh, I've got it! I say! You're trying to put me off guard! You should be so lucky! I say!"
Lycoris: "Whether I'm off guard or not, I'm out of life force and completely dried up. In my condition, I can barely run away!"
Lycoris: "Your plan just went wrong! Hahahahaha! ...I feel something is not right, I say."
Shuma: "Iris too, isn't she supposed to pick a better human than this..."
Lycoris: "Are you making fun of me, I say?"
Shuma: "Yeah, pretty much. But it's okay. As you are now, you won't attack me, so it's convenient."
Lycoris: "Ah, oh, I remember you! The pervert who made me pee! Are you trying the same thing on me again?!"
Shuma: "I'm gonna leave you to Aoi. So that's not it. I have a message for Iris."
Lycoris: "Oh...what was that? Depending on the content, I don't mind passing it along, I say."
Shuma: "Shuma Embroche decided to marry the daughter of the Officinalis. Tell her that."
Lycoris: "Ah, well, I have a bad feeling about this. Seriously, did you decide it already, I say?"
Shuma: "That's it. Even that grandma will give up once she knows she has more enemies."
Shuma: "So, go back now and tell that to Iris."
*Once I marry Calen and settle in as the head of the Embroche family, the incidents which happened over the last few weeks will come to an end.*
*No one will be attacked any more. Only a few will be my victims. Still, they won't become familiars.*
*I'll become a vampire, then everything will be over.*
Lycoris: "Hmm. You want me to report that to Master Pumila..."
Lycoris: "...Are you stupid? Human, time for you now. Be done with him, I say."
*Lycoris is looking behind me.*
Shuma: "What...!"
*As soon as I turn around...*
*A pair of hands grip my neck.*
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Oh, no. I'm the one who was off guard. Even if she herself doesn't attack me, a human who is controlled by her can.*
Sakurako: "――――"
Shuma: "Sakurako?!"
*She is such a loser. She's been controlled by Lycoris again!*
Shuma: "Really, you wander around outside too often! Why don't you stay home like a good girl..."
Lycoris: "Once I catch you right here, it'll be unnecessary to report it to her. In any case, I certainly can't tell her I failed, I say."
Lycoris: "As I said, the one who says something stupid is stupid. You were alone but didn't think of running away. Stupid, stupid!"
*Damn, I want to talk back at her! But not only can I not let out my voice well, it's also difficult to breathe...*
Lycoris: "Well, first I'll deal with this idiot by..."
Lycoris: "...Argh, her of all humans. Bad timing..."
*As Lycoris who looks fed up completely turns toward it, the door of the roof floor opens. No, it's kicked open. Or more like, it's blown away.*
Aoi: "Lycoris...!"
Shuma: "Ah, Aoi..."
Lycoris: "*Sigh*... This is a chance I won't have twice."
Lycoris: "Aoi, you call yourself my friend. You should stop interfering with my job. I'm the one who'll have a hard time."
Aoi: "I'm your friend, so I'm trying to release you from the boss who gives you a hard time."
Lycoris: "I'd be happier if you quietly wished for my success. How about stepping back?"
Aoi: "No. While I was looking for him, I happened to find you. I won't miss such a chance."
*Was she looking for me?*
Lycoris: "Oh, It sucks. It sucks...SUCKS!"
Lycoris: "I cannot fight against Aoi in this condition."
*Lycoris takes a light leap. Or so it looked. However, in the next moment, her body already stands atop a water tower.*
Lycoris: "Oh, now I remember, Shuma Embroche."
Lycoris: "About your story. Whether you will marry or not, it doesn't mean anything. Probably not to Master Pumila, either."
Aoi: "Marry...?"
Lycoris: "Aoi, you are my friend so I'm gonna tell you this. That man has decided to marry the daughter of the Officinalis."
Aoi: "To Calen..."
Lycoris: "Bye, then. I'll see you soon, I say."
Aoi: "Ah, wait. Lycoris!"
*That fool. She left a message that might cause trouble...*
Aoi: "...Hey, are you alive? You aren't dead, are you?"
Shuma: "I don't die anyway... I'm a vampire."
*I was suffocated for a few minutes. My neck which was squeezed tightly is releasing a dull noise I've never heard before.*
*However, I still have enough power left to be able to speak like this.*
Shuma: "Ugh...idiot... Let me go now."
*Cautiously, I peel off Sakurako's hands gripping my neck, then gradually increase my force to push back Sakurako and hold her down on the ground.*
Shuma: "Ugh...*cough*... Unlike Lycoris, if I move carelessly I might hurt normal people so I can't fight back, which conversely ends up being a serious weak point. Sorry, Sakurako."
*I understand my strength is far above normal humans. So, like today, if I'm attacked by not Lycoris herself but a human who is controlled by her, it will become very difficult for me to deal with.*
*Even though I don't think Lycoris was thinking that far.*
Aoi: "...So, you're going to suck Sakurako's blood, aren't you?"
Shuma: "If I don't, I won't be able to release her."
Aoi: "Is this truly the only reason?"
Shuma: "...What? Are you suspicious of me?"
Aoi: "Frankly, yes. Also because of what Lycoris said."
*That is why she was looking for me. Her purpose is to keep a watch on me.*
Aoi: "...For the time, she is Lycoris' victim. Alright, I won't object now."
Aoi: "But if you attack anybody who is not victimized by her...I will show you no mercy."
*After saying that, she exits the roof without looking at me even once, leaving the broken door as it is.*
Shuma: "She said only what she wanted to say... What does she know about me?"
Sakurako: "――――"
Shuma: "Oh, stop struggling. I will release you now."
*When I dealt with dogs, probably...because I was worked up, I could control myself.*
*Now, as long as I remember that time and calm down, I won't mesmerize.*
*And I must suck blood willingly from now on. If "that" first time will lead to releasing the victim...*
*Different from the past, I'm surprisingly relaxed. No, maybe I'm not being aware of my excitement.*
*In an experienced manner, I pierce the throat of Sakurako, whom I'm holding down with my sharp and long fangs.*
Sakurako: "Ugh...!"
*Warm blood flows into my mouth in clumps.*
*At that moment, I've almost lost my conscience.*
*...It's all dark in front of me.*
*Huh, what am I doing now?*
*Oh, right, I'm sucking blood from Sakurako...*
Sakurako: "Ugh...a-ah...ah...!"
*Isn't it enough? Hasn't she been released by now?*
*No, she's just a human? My...vampire food. I should suck as much as I want. As much as I want, until I'm satisfied...*
Sakurako: "Shu...ma..."
Shuma: "...!"
*Sakurako's voice makes me quickly remove my fangs. I pull them out and take some distance from her.*
Shuma: "W-what was that...?"
*It was like the inside of my head was rewritten against my will... Even though I heard Sakurako's cry, I couldn't stop sucking her blood at all.*
*She is Sakurako, but regardless of that, I felt this was just a human so I should suck blood as much as I wanted...*
Sakurako: "Haa, haww... Shuma...!"
Shuma: "Oh, yeah, right... It's a joke to think that I could have suppressed my mesmerization."
*It seems impossible to restrain my mesmerization. Not only that, but it's difficult to think about the person when sucking blood.*
*Is this what it's like to become a vampire and immerse myself completely into their world? Like, I am being transformed against my will.*
====================E-KL01_02H_N.TXT====================
*I want to think about nothing. I want to think about nothing right now.*
*My mind's gone all blank. Desperately hoping she helps me forget everything, I accept Sakurako who has walked up to me.*
*...After the fact.*
*Anyway, I'll take her back to my home.*
====================E-KL01_03.TXT====================
Mari: "I let Sakurako-san lie down in your bed. Is it alright?"
Shuma: "Huh? Yeah...I really don't care about that."
*Once I took Sakurako back home and settled myself on the sofa, I have no energy left even to lift my head up.*
Mari: "*Sigh*... What is this? Did something bad happen? You've looked gloomy since you were back."
Mari: "Oh, maybe something like you had sex again. Are you really worried about that kind of meaningless thing?"
Calen: "Mari-san."
Shuma: "It's okay, Calen. It's not what Mari is saying is wrong."
*It's true, but having sex with Sakurako is one of the factors troubling me.*
*And like Mari said, I have bigger issues that push this problem away into a corner of my mind.*
Mari: "Then, what are you going to do? Will you have her memory erased this time for sure?"
Shuma: "No...I won't. She might be attacked again if the memory is erased. I'll explain it to her later."
*I feel reluctant to explain it to Sakurako, but right now I have more important things to do than that...*
Shuma: "Hey, Mari. Will you leave me with Calen for a bit?"
Shuma: "I have something I want to talk about with her alone."
Calen: "Really. Mari-san. She is not even concerned that you were attacked. Are you not hurt at all?"
*Only Calen is concerned about me like this... It makes me feel calm to know that someone like her stays close to me.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Oh...sorry. Let's see, I don't have any real injuries."
*My neck was choked extremely hard by Sakurako, but there's not even a hand mark left on it.*
*On the contrary, I feel nothing is wrong with my body. After sucking blood from Sakurako, I'm in really good health...except for my mind.*
Calen: "And what would you like to talk about? The conversation only two of us could have means it's about our marriage, I suppose?"
Shuma: "Well...yeah, I guess so. It will go there in the end."
Calen: "Could it possibly be that you would like to cancel our marriage after all?"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "I see. However, Shuma-san."
Calen: "You do understand that it is no longer possible for you to live as a human in the human world, do you not?"
Shuma: "It may be so, but...today, when I bit Sakurako, I didn't see her as human."
Shuma: "No, what should I say is... I thought she was a human, I really thought so. I sucked her blood to help her, but..."
*My mind felt like it was being colored over forcibly by a consciousness that tells me humans are meals, that they're food...*
Shuma: "That was Sakurako, she is my friend but my friend became utter food to me."
Calen: "I do not know how the process of awakening as a vampire goes but..."
Calen: "What you felt is natural. Because that's is exactly as it is."
Calen: "We are supposed to go out and have a meal tonight because you convinced yourself, are we not?"
Shuma: "It is so..."
*Still, I didn't expect I would be forced to change that much.*
*I didn't think becoming a vampire in body and soul meant I would come to see all humans, whoever they are, as mere food.*
Shuma: "...I don't want that."
Calen: "So, you don't want to suck blood, you cannot become a progenitor, and you won't marry me."
Calen: "Is that is what you want to say, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "...Sorry."
*Even though she's kind enough to worry about me. And if I decide not to suck blood, problems will be piled up. But still, even so...*
Calen: "I should have crumpled up that sham vampire, Lycoris."
Calen: "Shuma-san. I am sorry to say this but I cannot accept it."
Calen: "Shuma-san. I will make you attack humans, become a progenitor and marry me."
Shuma: "As I said, I cannot do it. I don't want that feeling ever again."
Calen: "Then that is your own selfish reason."
Calen: "To begin with, even if you say you will not be a progenitor, you cannot live without sucking blood, Shuma-san. More so than ever."
Calen: "You realized the hunger you felt yesterday came from a blood-sucking urge, did you not?"
Calen: "You now know it is meaningless to eat the same things as humans. Once you know it, you are not able to un-know it♪"
Shuma: "You were not gentle to me simply out of kindness..."
*She did it to make me willingly suck blood and awaken as a progenitor.*
*Oh no, how many times did I fall for her tricks? I knew she was doing it, but still I ended up being controlled by her.*
Shuma: "You're more of an asshole than I thought..."
Calen: "Oh dear. You do not need to look at me as if I were a priest."
Calen: "Everything was supposed to go smoothly until that third-rate vampire Lycoris met up with you, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "You meant to keep talking me into it while at my side, didn't you?"
Calen: "Yes♪ If you remained as you were yesterday, you would believe me, would you not?"
*She slipped into an empty place in my heart. She sees through my feelings that I'm looking for someone to cling to and lets me depend on her.*
*To begin with, like Iris, she's the vampire I don't want to be the most right now. But why did I put my guard down?*
Calen: "In the first place, what are you going to do with Lady Pumila? Do you have any plans other than marrying me? I do not think there are."
Shuma: "That thing...I will think about it."
Calen: "You talk so complacently! Meanwhile the third-rate sham vampire will make familiars and will you suck their blood?"
Calen: "Oh, in this way, you will be a progenitor before long, after all."
Calen: "Besides, even if you try to prevent familiars from being created, it will be impossible to do it by yourself. Is Aoi-san willing to help you?"
*Aoi... She probably won't help me.*
*That was exactly like Aoi in the beginning, who was completely suspicious and saw me as an enemy.*
*Moreover, she now thinks I'm marrying Calen. I'm sure she won't fight with me.*
Shuma: "You've already cleared the decks...nasty."
Calen: "I will ignore your words♪ And also your decision about canceling our marriage."
Calen: "I say it to you. There is no other option for you but to marry me, Shuma-san."
Calen: "It is decided from the beginning. From the time we helped you escape from Lady Pumla, to the ending, being that you will marry me."
Shuma: "You anticipated everything. You knew I, who has no one to count on, would come to you, who looks conveniently dependable."
*And I would suck blood as urged and probably would become a progenitor faster than I could keep saving Lycoris' victims.*
*"I'm not good at small details"? How dare you! You're thinking all the time, damn it.*
Shuma: "You, vampire..."
Calen: "Oh, you are too, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Don't include me. I'm different."
Calen: "How? Oh, I got it. The part where you are too much of a half-assed vampire. I see, I see."
Calen: "That is certainly so. Also, I do not have a perverted skill that my bite would cause such an accident."
Shuma: "You...! You're smiling like that, but you're very angry inside. Am I right?"
Calen: "Dear me, I do not understand what you are talking about at all."
Calen: "In any case, that is true. You are a vampire even if you are only a half-assed one."
Shuma: "If becoming like that means being a vampire, I'm different. I will never be a vampire."
Calen: "How much human blood have you sucked so far? You are nothing but a vampire, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "If so, I cannot prey on humans. I'm different from you."
Calen: "You are no different from me. Even if you say you will not suck blood, it is impossible for you to refrain from it."
Mari: "P-p-please, you told me to leave, so I did and now you are quarreling."
Mari: "Please, step back, step back. Please, give me a break. Impossible! A fight between vampires in this small house?"
Shuma: "Mari, I'm not a vampire. And first of all, don't call my house small. I've been letting you stay."
Mari: "Master. Master is a vampire and this house is small. It's impossible to compare it to the Embroche castle."
*Of course, if you compare it to a castle.*
Shuma: "Anyway. I will not marry you. Definitely not. Cancel. Cancel."
Calen: "In the end, all you can do is nothing but marry me. Whatever you say now, I shall ignore it♪"
Mari: "Oh, what is this? Have you been quarreling over it?"
Mari: "Why not marry her? Honestly, please marry quickly and be done with Lady Pumila, really."
Shuma: "I have no one on my side, really! I'm lonely!"
Lotus: "Right. A vampire is lonely."
Shuma: "*Sigh*... Enough. It's useless to talk any more, so I'll go and look for Lycoris."
Mari: "I don't care whether you go out for a change or go out because you're feeling uncomfortable to stay..."
Mari: "But if you can, please find humans and suck blood again. Now, go, go."
Shuma: "......"
*Someone, please be kind to me!!*
Lotus: "Right. You do need kindness."
Calen: "Oh, then I will go. Even if you tell me not to, I will accompany you whatever the cost."
Shuma: "Do as you wish. But I will never ask for your help. If I'm not careful you might try to put me under some spell."
Calen: "Alright, as long as you are feeling confident, I will respect your intention and not lend my hand♪"
Shuma: "Look who's talking. Respect? What you need to be respectful is to have a completely different intention."
Calen: "Let me see, is there anything else that requires respect? Hmm, I cannot remember♪"
*Calen smiles shamelessly and links her arm with mine.*
Shuma: "What are you trying to do?"
Calen: "I like this. And if I keep you like this, I will not let you escape."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you are gentle so I do not expect that you will run away from me."
Shuma: "You mean to keep an eye on me. First Aoi, and now you... I really don't have any friends."
Lotus: "Right. You don't have friends like the ones you wish for."
Shuma: "......"
*...I don't even have friends I don't wish for...*
Calen: "Then, shall we go, Shuma-san♪"
Shuma: "...Alright. We'll go. Mari, I leave the rest to you."
Mari: "*Sigh*... Quarreling then, now being arm in arm. What's going on with you two?"
*I told Calen that I wouldn't suck blood, become a progenitor, or marry her.*
*Honestly, if I end up seeing Sakurako and all humans as food, I'll never suck blood again.*
*However, as Calen said, I cannot live without sucking blood any more.*
*Actually, a few days later after sucking Sakurako's blood, all I have not done is to suck any more...*
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*My body feels heavy. Not only that, it seems I cannot put the strength in any part of it. And more than anything else...*
Shuma: "I can't bear it..."
Calen: "Have you just said you would like to suck blood?"
Shuma: "No. Well, it might mean the same but I'll never do it."
Shuma: "First of all, you don't need to keep an eye on me. I'm not trying to get away from you, I'm walking around to find Lycoris."
*Since that day, Calen has kept accompanying me even though I never asked her to do so.*
Calen: "How terrible to say that I am keeping an eye on you. I am seriously worried that you might pass out at any moment, so I am with you like this."
Shuma: "Don't make me laugh. I won't be fooled by you any longer."
Calen: "Oh, you are so heartless."
Shuma: "It's self-defense. If I relax, no one knows when you'll try to make me a progenitor."
Calen: "I meant to settle matters peacefully to the very end. Really, all my efforts are in vain thanks to that hussy."
Shuma: "Don't shift the responsibility. It's all your own fault. And the end you are hoping for will never come."
Calen: "I understand, understand. It is as you say, Shuma-san."
*Both Lycoris and Calen, why are they like this? Damn. Irritating...*
Calen: "However, what are you planning to do if you happen to find the sham vampire in that condition?"
Shuma: "...There must be something I can do. Like releasing a girl being preyed upon by Lycoris."
Calen: "What would you do if she attacks you? Oh, are you expecting me to help you?"
Shuma: "As I said, I will never ask for your help."
Calen: "*Sigh*... I wonder how long you will be able to remain stubborn."
*Calen lets a sigh escape, then stands still and looks up at the starry sky free from clouds.*
Calen: "In that case, would you show me what you can do?"
Shuma: "I want to show it very much but I cannot find Lycoris. If you want to see, look for her more seriously."
Calen: "That hussy sucked Sakurako-san's blood, did she not?"
Calen: "Hmm...oh, she is not far away. Fairly close by..."
Shuma: "What? D-do you know where she is?"
Calen: "No need to be surprised that much. She was already bitten three times, so all I need to do is follow the scent of Sakurako-san's blood that is attached to you."
Shuma: "I'm not surprised! But if you know where she is, why don't you tell me?!"
Calen: "Well, weren't you supposed to not ask for my help?"
Shuma: "I...said so but..."
Calen: "And I am not interested in what that thing does."
*No, really! Damn the vampires!*
Calen: "However, today I am given an opportunity to observe what you can do, so I will navigate you to her at least♪"
Shuma: "Whatever you say. She is near, right? In that case."
*As soon as I begin to run, I trip and nearly fall forward.*
Shuma: "...!"
*Even my footsteps aren't steady... Damn.*
Calen: "Frankly, what could you do as you are now short on life force? Could you even reach her, in the first place?"
Shuma: "I know it's hard without your telling me."
*Just, fortunately Lycoris is close by...but if she goes too far away, I'll be struggling like this...*
Shuma: "Aoi! You are around us, aren't you? You must be keeping a watch on us! Lycoris is near by!"
Aoi: "I've heard it all... You'd better stay there quietly, I guess."
*First I hear only her voice. By the time I find her, Aoi has jumped over a roof and is about to disappear.*
Calen: "Eavesdropping. How ill-mannered!"
Shuma: "I...am getting more tired because I screamed...but...I must go..."
Lotus: "No friends. Your body is covered with wounds. Still, without reflecting on yourself, you will go into the jaws of death. You are the hero of a tragedy."
*What? Then what am I supposed to do? As if you knew something about it!*
*Calen*
**Sigh*... What can you do, really?"*
Shuma: "......"
*I rebel against my dad in my heart but I cannot come up with a concrete answer to Calen's question, so all I can do is to move forward with unsteady steps...*
*The place I arrived at breathlessly, is the park where I was attacked by Lycoris the first time, and was completely taken in by Calen the other day.*
Lycoris: "Argh... What's this, what is this really. Everyone showed up."
Lycoris: "Aoi, I thought you said you wouldn't bring any allies. Don't you feel bad to lie to your friend, I say?"
Aoi: "I told you no lies. They're not my allies."
*Aoi, who found Lycoris first, seems to have started the battle already.*
Calen: "I am glad we seem to have arrived in time♪ Now, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Don't push my back... You're really merciless."
Calen: "Well, then, let me."
Shuma: "I won't depend on you. Sit on that bench and watch."
Calen: "Yes, that is what I will do♪"
Lycoris: "Oh, what is this? A quarrel between a husband and wife, I say?"
Shuma: "Hey, don't call us husband and wife. We're not like that. The marriage was canceled."
Lycoris: "Oh, only after a few days. Are you some kind of celebs?"
Shuma: "What? Are they like that all over the world? What nationality are you, anyway?"
Lycoris: "Nationality? I'm not a human. I'm a vampire. The same as you, a vampire."
*Every fucking one of them calling me vampire!*
Shuma: "Don't include me. I'm different from you."
Lycoris: "Oh, really. Well, it's alright. That has nothing to do with me."
Lycoris: "Whatever you are, whatever you want to be, I'll catch you anyway, I say!"
Aoi: "Hmph, don't get in my way."
*Aoi shoots a look at us and lunges with Rubina twin daggers in her hands.*
*She jumps at Lycoris in the blink of an eye.*
Lycoris: "Oh!!"
*Lycoris pulls out her big scythe and wards off Aoi's attack.*
Aoi: "Ugh!"
Lycoris: "Hmph! I say!"
*Aoi produces a series of successive attacks, but Lycoris stops them without difficulty.*
Lycoris: "Hahaha! As usual, you rush into a fight without planning anything, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Tsk!"
Calen: "Truly... I wonder what someone like her is called? Muscle idiot? Muscle brain? Foolhardy warrior?"
*It's a terrible way of describing Aoi, but I agree with Calen... Repeating flat attacks like that will simply lead to wasting energy.*
Aoi: "Haa, haa...I won't give up!"
Lycoris: "Do you expect that you can corner me in that way?"
*Aoi recklessly swings around her daggers. Lycoris sticks to the defense. At first glance, Aoi seems to be out-fighting Lycoris but...*
*Even though Lycoris retreats gradually, she keeps stopping Aoi's attacks perfectly with as few moves as possible.*
Aoi: "I'll keep striking til you drop!"
Lycoris: "You're the one to drop, Aoi!"
*Lycoris steps in and powerfully drives back Aoi's dagger. Aoi loses her balance and fumbles while trying to regain her stance.*
*Shoot! The moment I stop to think, Lycoris' fierce thrust blows away Aoi.*
Lycoris: "Midnight Haken! I say!"
Aoi: "Kyaaaaaaah!!"
Calen: "She misjudged the timing."
*Aoi is thrown backward and slams the ground on her back. Lycoris has a winning smile on her face and swings her scythe through the air.*
*As soon as Aoi became out of breath and slowed down, Lycoris warded off Aoi and attacked her rear... She was going for the counterattack from the start.*
Calen: "I am aghast that she completely lacks measure... Still, her experience seems to have spared her from receiving a serious wound."
*Calen sits on the bench with her legs closed properly and calmly observes the fight as a disinterested party.*
Calen: "If she was an ordinary sword fighter, she would have suffered a fatal wound. I generously score it as a 30 out of 100."
Shuma: "......"
*Lycoris' big scythe excels in its length and power. I cannot make light of her speed backed by a vampire's power. However, her swing is wide, so I should be able to find an opening somewhere.*
Lycoris: "Hey, hey! Shuma Embroche, won't you join the fight? Are you frightened?"
*Lycoris has her proud scythe ready and calmly provokes me.*
Lycoris: "If you go home quietly, I can look the other way for today. I'm busy collecting life force, I say."
Calen: "That means Lycoris-san does not have life force right now... How foolish of you to mention it."
Lycoris: "You, in the outfield, shut up!"
Calen: "Yet, Shuma-san, you are least likely to win. It is better for you to go back home, is it not?"
*That won't happen. Lycoris will attack innocent girls again to collect life force. I cannot overlook it.*
*Of course I can't give up on Aoi either.*
Shuma: "Lycoris... Your crimes end here! Feel our anger!"
Lycoris: "Hahaha! You are exhausted and without weapons. How come you think you can stand up to me!"
Shuma: "Who said without weapons! I will stop you today!!"
*I thrust my right hand to the side and make a fist. I focus all my strength into it.*
Shuma: "Gods who are bound by my family blood. Obey me and bestow me with your power..."
Lycoris: "Humph? What is it?"
Shuma: "Come! Deesse Morte!!"
Shuma: "O-oh...?"
*Damn, I'm losing strength. Oh no...I cannot bring my life force together. Is it impossible to summon...?*
Lycoris: "What was it? Was it a bluff? Or did you fail to summon something up? Oh, no, it's so uncool!"
Shuma: "Damn..."
Lycoris: "You must have tried to call up a weapon or something, but Shuma...you couldn't even do that because you're so dog-tired. Some enemy you are!"
Shuma: "Damn. Come, come now!"
*I put strength into my fist again and call out, but there's not a slightest sign of it showing up.*
Lotus: "Oh, no. You are in trouble. You are in the toughest spot. What will you do, be the hero of a tragedy?"
Lycoris: "Shuma Embroche, I'll put an end to this today! You'd better grovel before Master Pumila!"
Shuma: "Still...I must fight...!"
*In this case, with a hard hand...at least, I will have to chase Lycoris away...!*
Aoi: "It hurts... Get out of my way. I don't need help from a vampire...!"
*Meanwhile Aoi recovers her position and faces Lycoris again.*
Aoi: "Lord, bestow power upon me! Divine judgment for the wicked!"
Calen: "Everyone is energetic and dashing at least. Well, I wonder what is going to happen?"
Shuma: "Aoi...do you have a plan?"
*Seeing her previous headlong rush, I suspect that she has no plan but I ask anyway.*
Aoi: "I have nothing to talk about with you. As I said before, do not get in my way!"
*She openly shows her distrust. She doesn't mean to join forces with me at all.*
*From my experiences up to now, I know I won't win if we fight individually... I wish we could somehow cooperate...*
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "I know what you're thinking, but I don't want to."
Shuma: "Really, I'm surrounded by idiots..."
Lycoris: "Hey! Bring it on now!"
Aoi: "I'm not gonna make the same...mistake..."
*Aoi, with her daggers ready, carefully approaches Lycoris. She's not foolish enough to attack Lycoris in the same pattern.*
*While I slide my feet and gradually approach Lycoris, I talk to Aoi.*
Shuma: "Aoi...I don't have enough life force, so it seems I can't call up my weapon now. All I have is vampire's superhuman power."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "I'll look for a chance and capture Lycoris... That's my only plan."
*It is hardly called a "plan", but I tell her a general course of action.*
Aoi: "Do as you like."
*Aoi says only that and jumps at Lycoris.*
Aoi: "I'll show you...the essence of Rubina School Twin Swordplay!"
*Aoi assaults Lycoris with sharp thrusts. Unlike before, this is an attack that goes for a side that's poorly guarded.*
Lycoris: "Hehe... No use, I say!"
*Aoi's thrusts are easily seen through and guarded. However, she keeps her calm, takes a few steps back, pauses, then showers the dagger thrusts once more.*
Aoi: "Haa...kooo!"
Lycoris: "Are you making a feint? That kind of thing won't work, I say!"
*While repelling attacks, Lycoris keeps a composed smile on her face. The cold sound of swordplay echoes throughout the night park.*
*Aoi repeats her slashes, mixing in some feints. However, she's outfought by powerful swings of the scythe, and can hardly find a chance to step in.*
Aoi: "Take this! Yaah! Haa, ha..."
Lycoris: "Humph♪ Aoi, I know your trick. Do you forget I'm a Rubina, too, I say?"
Aoi: "Tsk...Lycoris...!"
*Aoi's offense is more calculated than the previous, but she's too careful this time and cannot give Lycoris any effective hits.*
Lycoris: "Shuma Embroche, are you not going to do anything? Are you just going to watch Aoi being defeated by me?"
Shuma: "...Argh..."
*It will be useless to wait for a chance to jump in, so I must sink or swim...*
Shuma: "Waaaagh!"
*I run straight into Lycoris and thrust my clenching fist.*
Shuma: "Take this!"
*Lycoris twists her body gracefully and avoids my fist so easily.*
Lycoris: "Hahaha! Your attack is more simple and stupid than Aoi's!"
*Truly... I have no fighting experience. It's impossible for me to do more advanced maneuvers than Aoi. If I hit her, I'll be able give her enough damage, I think. But of course my punch won't reach her.*
*However, if we attack from two directions and confuse her, we might be able to pounce on her together.*
Shuma: "Here we go, Aoi! Waaagh!"
Aoi: "There's nothing I can do... There!"
*While Aoi assaults with her daggers, I swing my fist and make a diversion. We match the timing somehow and try to corner Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Haa...argh!"
Aoi: "Yaaaah!"
Lycoris: "There! There!"
Shuma: "Aoi, thrust her from the right... Whoa!"
Aoi: "I don't take directions from you! Why don't you step in more!"
Lycoris: "There! There!"
*Lycoris steps lightly and avoids our attacks with ease.*
*Then, she lifts up her scythe, and taking serious aim, she skillfully pushes Aoi and me back. I still have difficulty attacking her.*
Lycoris: "There you go, I say!"
Shuma: "Oops! Damn you!"
Aoi: "Tsk, she is out fighting both of us? Crap, it's better to fight by myself!"
Lycoris: "You're not getting anywhere with such unorganized attacks♪"
Shuma: "D-damn..."
*It's not like we can't fight together because Aoi doesn't trust me, but more like...I keep dragging Aoi down.*
*I can't do it with just willpower, after all...*
Aoi: "We are getting nowhere... In that case!"
*Aoi stands still with her daggers ready.*
Aoi: "Lycoris...please don't die."
*Aoi stares at Lycoris and seems to concentrate her thoughts... Is she going to make a bold move?*
*In that case, if I can stop Lycoris' movement somehow...!*
Shuma: "Toriyaaaaaaah!!"
*I take the plunge with my arms open wide, trying to stop Lycoris with all my might!*
Aoi: "Rubina School Twin Swordplay Mystic Art!!"
Calen: "...Minus twenty."
Lycoris: "Idiot...I say!"
*Lycoris turns her body lightly and evades my attack, then takes her left hand off the scythe and shoots a star-shell from it.*
*The star-shell flies straight into Aoi.*
Aoi: "UGH...!!"
*Aoi crouches immediately and barely evades Lycoris' light shell.*
*Somehow she recovers her position and tries to continue her attack, but it's too late...*
Lycoris: "Death Gale, I say!"
*As Lycoris quickly swings the scythe, an intense whirlwind blasts upward.*
*Instantly, dust conceals Lycoris... Then, before I can catch my breath...*
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
Aoi: "Kyaaaaaaaaaah!!"
*An invisible shockwave fiercely cuts upward and blows us away.*
Lycoris: "Yee-haw! Hahaha!"
Shuma: "Gak?! Ugh...!"
*I'm thrown against the ground, a sharp pain runs throughout my body.*
*No, she comletely read our moves... We couldn't land any effective strikes.*
*Even two of us together, we cannot stand up to Lycoris...*
Aoi: "Ugh...haa, haah..."
*Aoi stands up staggering. She hasn't lost her fighting spirit yet, but seems to have wounds all over her body.*
Lycoris: "Are you gonna still do it?"
Aoi: "I won't...give up...!"
*It's impossible...to continue the fight any longer.*
Lycoris: "*Sigh*... You are stubborn... Alright, I've changed my mind!"
Shuma: "Mm...?"
Lycoris: "I don't have enough life force, but I'll win an easy victory over you."
Lycoris: "Once I defeat Aoi and take away Shuma Embroche...my job will be done, I say♪"
Shuma: "What?!"
Lycoris: "I will show you the serious me!"
*A magic circle rises up around Lycoris as the cool night air heats up... Numerous fireballs appear one after another.*
*As Lycoris brings down her scythe with an evil smile on her face, a cluster of flames start moving slowly with the intention to kill.*
Lycoris: "Burn it all! Hell Heim!"
Shuma: "...Ugh!"
*Waves of heat burn my skin and fire balls surround Aoi and me... This is seriously bad. We cannot escape... Are we done?*
Aoi: "Haa, haa...you! I will draw her attention... Find a chance and break through the circle."
Shuma: "Aoi...?"
Aoi: "Lycoris doesn't mean to kill you. You still have a chance... Don't give up!"
Aoi: "Even if I'm done for, it's okay as long as you save Lycoris..."
Shuma: "Are you ready to die?"
Aoi: "...Here it comes...!
Lycoris: "Coup de grace...I say!"
Shuma: "What...?"
Aoi: "Flames...have stopped moving?"
Calen: "Oh, no... I cannot bear to watch this!"
*I turn back and find Calen standing. She barges in on us in the face of extreme heat from the flames.*
Lycoris: "Oh? Have you stopped being a spectator, I say?"
Calen: "I will teach you how to play."
*Calen lifts her arm and brings it down waving her fingers.*
*In the blink of an eye, a blood-colored crimson line appears, then a cluster of flames disappear with extinguished noises.*
Shuma: "W-what's this...?"
Aoi: "What is this...?"
Lycoris: "Hmph, even if you erase them, I still have more ammunition!"
Calen: "Fool... Not next time."
*Lycoris gets the scythe ready to create the magic circle again, but she suddenly stops her move.*
Lycoris: "What...? Something is caught in the scythe."
Calen: "Well, you have a good intuition, surprisingly...I was planning to bind your hands and feet to it."
Lycoris: "B-barrier?! When did you make it?!"
Shuma: "Barrier?"
Aoi: "She wasn't just watching us."
Calen: "You, sham vampire, will take Shuma-san away? I will not allow such impudence in front of me."
*I feel anger in her tone, though it sounds composed. I'm almost fascinated by her beautiful eyes that conceal cold bloodlust.*
Shuma: "...Calen..."
Lycoris: "H-Hmph! You cannot stop me with these stupid strings!"
Calen: "Right, that sort of cheap trick is unnecessary."
Lycoris: "I will scatter everything away! Hey, hey, hey!"
Calen: "Know the power of a true vampire."
*Calen's hand glows red as particles are converging...*
Calen: "Bloody Arrow!"
*All the lights converge into one point on her hand. After a moment of silence, ferocious heat explodes with Calen in the center.*
Lycoris: "Eek?!"
*Lycoris has just swung down her scythe and it's completely obliterated by Calen's attack.*
Lycoris: "Eeeeeek! H-hot, HOT! I'll get burnt up! I say!"
*The arrow of the light disappears, then a series of small explosions occur around Lycoris as she runs about trying to avoid them.*
Lycoris: "Hahee? Mmnya! Mmkyaaah!! Damn you, Calendula Officinalis!!"
Calen: "Would you like to continue the fight? In that case, I shall burn you to ashes."
Lycoris: "Damn! I'm gonna retreat for the time being, I say!"
*The difference in their powers is obvious. While smoke from the explosions cuts off our view, Lycoris turns around and runs away.*
Aoi: "Ah, wait! Lycoris!"
Shuma: "Amazing... Overwhelming victory."
*I am surprised at Calen's power and stand frozen.*
Calen: "I wonder if I overdid it to the sham vampire..."
Shuma: "Phew..."
*I look toward the direction where Lycoris disappeared and let out a big sigh.*
*I've done nothing after all. There was nothing I could do as long as I refused to suck blood and lacked life force.*
*It taught me a lesson. As long as I depend on willpower alone, I cannot solve everything.*
Lotus: "Good grief. Even though I expected this result."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Lotus: "I specially handed over our Embroche family treasure, Deesse Morte to you but you couldn't even summon it up. You are extremely worthless, Shuma."
Shuma: "Ooo, oooh..."
*I have no words. Whatever it is, what Dad says is nothing but the truth.*
Calen: "Do you have a complaint that I lent you my hand?"
Shuma: "No..."
*If I hadn't had Calen with me and she hadn't helped us out, both Aoi and I wouldn't have been safe.*
Shuma: "...Sorry. Thank you."
Aoi: "Hey you, bat woman."
Calen: "Oh, are you still here? I say your friend will be far gone."
Aoi: "If just chasing her would make me catch her, I would've caught her a long time ago."
Aoi: "...Hey, what are you going to do with him?"
Calen: "Why do you put your question in such a roundabout way? Get straight to your point."
Aoi: "Are you going to turn him into a vampire?"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "Oh, you ask me such a strange question. Whether I am going to or not, He IS a vampire, is he not?"
Calen: "A vampire you cannot stand the sight of."
Aoi: "That is so but...!"
Calen: "You have been treating him as such until now. You, the only human who knows what he is."
Calen: "And now you treat him as a human? Ah, maybe, are you ready to give your blood to Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "H-hey, Calen."
Calen: "I do not want that, do you? Of course. You do not want to help the being you loathe, do you?"
Aoi: "......"
Calen: "Then, stop meddling and confusing Shuma-san!"
Calen: "It is an extreme nuisance. Above all...offensive."
*I should probably take sides with Aoi right now.*
*Aoi... I should probably take the side of humans, resist Calen's words and keep my distance from vampires.*
*However, I feel that Calen has been protecting me... I cannot do that.*
Aoi: "...Understood. But, if any of you attack us humans...I will slash you without hesitation."
Calen: "How frightening. So alarming. In that case, we had better be careful not to expose ourselves."
Aoi: "Hmph...that was all I wanted to say. I may not talk to you ever again."
Calen: "So she said, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Oh boy... She really hates me now."
Calen: "Well, she did from the beginning."
Shuma: "Please choose your words. Do you mean to tear up not only my body but also my heart?"
*I thought I really opened up to her...to the first human who treated me as vampire.*
*I've just lost one of my reasons to stay human, but strangely, my heart doesn't feel heavy. It's probably because I'm starting to give up on being a human.*
Shuma: "Ugh... My body hurts..."
Calen: "Naturally. You do not have enough life force. Your wounds will not be healed so easily."
Shuma: "That's not it. Well, the parts that were cut by Lycoris hurt too, but it's because you dragged me against my will."
*After that, seeing I could barely walk, Calen literally dragged me back home.*
Calen: "Oh dear, you are not possibly suggesting that a fragile lady as I am should have picked you up and carried you in my arms?"
Shuma: "A fragile lady doesn't drag a man!"
*First of all, how can she call herself fragile, considering she gave Lycoris such a one-sided thrashing.*
Shuma: "But...I mean...you helped me. I thank you...again."
Calen: "Dear me. I cannot believe you, tsundere Shuma-san thanked me."
Shuma: "Who do you think I am? First of all, the reason I was antagonistic until recently is not because I'm tsundere, but because I tried to protect myself from you."
Calen: "Then, you do not feel so anymore. Oh, now I understand. You will propose to me after this."
Shuma: "Why? That's too much of a stretch!"
**Sigh*... It's getting difficult to speak.*
Shuma: "Hey, it may be late to ask you now but is it okay to come to your room?"
Calen: "Oh, this is your own wife's bedroom. What is the matter with it?"
*I've gotten tired of correcting her.*
Calen: "And if we are alone, we will not be interfered with by that yapping dog."
Shuma: "You have a sharp tongue. Wicked."
Calen: "Would you rather be asked in detail whether or not you sucked blood?"
Shuma: "I don't want that now..."
Calen: "See. However, you are clearly in the situation that you must suck blood right now."
*Because I have almost no life force and my body is covered with wounds... She didn't drag my body to hurt me intentionally, did she?*
Shuma: "Isn't there a better way than biting?"
Calen: "Let me see. Hmm... If you slash my neck open, blood will come out, won't it...?"
Calen: "Then I will force feed the blood to you♪"
Shuma: "Scary!"
*That's way too grotesque!*
Calen: "It means that I am quite serious."
Calen: "To begin with, if there is a convenient method for you, that would possibly be inconvenient for me."
Calen: "Do you think I will tell you the method?"
Shuma: "Never. I now know you're a malicious reptile."
*Calen and Aoi, and possibly Mari too. Even if they know something useful, they won't reveal it so easily as they're in different positions than mine.*
*...If I had chosen a different route, I might be able to ask, but right now I have only Calen next to me.*
*Well? But...*
Shuma: "Will I able to take in life force from you?"
Calen: "Have you forgotten? You gave me your life force once before."
Calen: "And, Shuma-san, you are still an incomplete vampire. If you bite me, you will not cause any trouble."
Shuma: "But human life force is supposed to be the best. If I suck it from a vampire, how fast will the progress of the awakening be?"
Calen: "I wonder. Possibly, it might not progress as fast as if you suck blood from humans."
Shuma: "You're willing to teach that to me now...or is it a lie?"
Calen: "You can take it as you wish. Whether it is a lie or the truth, I will make you suck blood now."
Shuma: "...I don't understand what you are thinking at all."
Calen: "What a coincidence. I do not understand what you are thinking very well, either."
Calen: "And what would you like to do? If you do not bite, I will cut my throat open."
Shuma: "We cannot make a mess out of this room and that dress..."
Calen: "Really, you are not honest... Oh, right, right. I understand. After all..."
Shuma: "No, I'm not tsundere. Sorry. Itadakimasu."
Shuma: "Hey..."
*After sucking her blood, I stay in her room.*
*Even though I sucked her blood, as one would expect from a daughter of a progenitor, Calen didn't wet herself.*
*Wounds are closed and I feel very good. Recently, even if I try to sleep, the later the night gets, the more I become wide-awake.*
*I've got more breathing room. As I look around Calen's room, one thing attracts my interest.*
Shuma: "What is that box?"
Calen: "A box, is it?"
*In the merry or more like gorgeous room, the box which particularly caught my eye, is small enough to fit in my hand and too dingy to call an "antique".*
Shuma: "What is this...?"
Calen: "What interests you?"
Shuma: "Well, I mean this looks so much different from the other furniture."
Calen: "Hehe. Shuma-san, are you interested in room decor?"
Shuma: "Not that much..."
*I'm just curious because this box looks so different, like as if it came from another world...*
Calen: "This box has no value except for being old. Still, this is an article which has been handed down in the Officinalis family."
Shuma: "Hmm...?"
*Do they keep something inside? An accessory case?*
Lotus: "Haha, "except for being old". Indeed, indeed."
*What? Does it remind him of something from the past?*
Shuma: "So then, what's inside?"
*It is not possible to just see the small box and leave it at that. I show a little more interest and ask her.*
*No, actually I don't care about what's inside. For some reason, I cannot keep a distance from Calen. On the contrary, I want to know a little more about her so I put these questions to her.*
Calen: "Well, could I take it as your intention to marry me?"
Shuma: "Do you have such important stuff in that box? Then, I won't look. I don't need it. I don't care about it."
Calen: "Please do not say such a thing. Here, you can look at it all you want."
Shuma: "Don't try to establish a weird fait accompli!"
Calen: "Hehe. I am joking. There is nothing inside yet. Here."
Shuma: "You could buy a box like that here. Do you like it so much as you brought it all the way with you?"
Calen: "I suppose so. Before I left Racronia, it was handed to me as part of my trousseaux (bridal possessions)."
Shuma: "Seriously? Is this such a valuable thing?"
Calen: "I wonder. Still, considering my father took the trouble to prepare it for me, I think it has some meaning to it."
Shuma: "Why are you talking like it's somebody else's business. It sounds like you're not important to him."
Calen: "After a long time, having offspring is simply a sport. Moreover, he has more than 100 children above me. It is inevitable."
*Inevitable...? That number of children is extraordinary. But still, she's his own child.*
Shuma: "Are vampires...the progenitors, like that?"
Calen: "He lives for his interests. I am included in his interests. Simple as that."
Shuma: "Are you okay with that?"
Calen: "Whether I am okay or not, that is the way it is."
Shuma: "I cannot agree to it. I cannot agree like you who accepts it as a matter of course."
Shuma: "If vampires are like that...really, I don't want to be one."
Calen: "Whatever you say, you are a vampire, Shuma-san. And you have no choice but to become a progenitor."
Calen: "But if you still insist on not becoming one, all you need to do is control, mesmerize and conform me to you."
Shuma: "That's the argument in vampire world."
Calen: "Yes. What we have is the logic of control and mesmerization. That is what we vampires are."
Shuma: "As I said, don't include me in it."
Calen: "In that case, all you need to do is to conform me to you. If you cannot agree, make me submit to you."
*She just keeps saying nothing but 'conform' and doesn't mean to respect the intentions of the other party!*
Shuma: "You see, that kind of thing is...!"
*I glare intensely at Calen. I've done it without thinking.*
*Mari says it. If I follow it with my gaze, my mesmerization becomes stronger. But I'm still only half vampire, so I cannot take full control yet.*
*However, it's not supposed to be possible to mesmerize Calen with my gaze as I couldn't do so with my bite.*
Calen: "Haa...haw... He-hehe, this sensation...I have not felt it for a long time...!"
Shuma: "You, you were mesmerized intentionally, weren't you?"
*In the past, too...that was the first time I bit. If she doesn't resist, then my mesmerization works on her.*
Calen: "I told you before...I'd rather fish for an invitation!"
Shuma: "You provoked me to this..."
Calen: "I never told you lies..."
Shuma: "It's like I've been manipulated by you from the beginning, and I don't feel very good."
Calen: "If that is the case...are you going back to your room now?"
Shuma: "...Are you really okay with me?"
Calen: "I am your fiancee. And the important thing for vampires is whether you control or become controlled."
*...She has always said love can grow after marriage.*
Calen: "I am mesmerized as you can see...so I find no issues!"
*I wonder why. I've fallen into her trap again and moreover she's seriously getting ready to establish a fait accompli but...*
*...for some reason, I cannot push Calen away.*
Shuma: "I guess you can't move. I'll take you to bed."
Calen: "Yes, please do!"
====================E-KL01_04H_N.TXT====================
*Calen in her bed is breathing heavily and her translucent, fair skin is tinted red.*
*................*
====================E-KL01_05.TXT====================
*I finished having sex with Calen for the first time.*
*It was a moment of carnal knowledge that felt as if pleasure was released from the blood in my whole body. It pleased me deeper than any other times I had sex with Sakurako, Kaede or Lycoris.*
*We embraced each other dreamily for a while. Calen, who twisted her ticklish body, looks many times cuter than usual.*
*However...as the excitement gradually quieted down, I realized the seriousness of what I had done.*
*I had sex with the direct-line daughter of a progenitor...and deflowered her. I don't know how much that means, but it will not be a trivial matter...*
Shuma: "......"
*Ah, it's not a full moon, a waning moon...but it's beautiful tonight, too.*
*Full moon, half moon, crescent moon, new moon...even if it wanes, it shall wax again. Even if it's hidden by clouds, it'll soon show it's original form. That is unchangeable, common knowledge everyone knows.*
*But unlike the moon, my body is not unchangeable.*
*I've been changing into a vampire every moment. I guess it's impossible to go back to my original self anymore.*
Calen: "Well, Shuma-san, you are outside?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I wanted to feel the night breeze a little... Calen, are you alright now?"
Calen: "Yes... It was hotter and more intense than I imagined, and I thought what would ever happen to me..."
*Calen says this with her face blushed. She reminds me of how she was during sex and I feel hot, too.*
Calen: "You who are experienced, led me gently so I could feel good and at ease♪"
Shuma: "I'm totally not experienced. I can still count the times on one hand."
*Mesmerization over Calen is completely gone. Probably while we were fooling around in bed, its effect disappeared.*
*Maybe because she is a direct-line daughter of a progenitor, the effect on her didn't last as long as on Kaede or Sakurako.*
Calen: "But, you are impolite, Shuma-san. You left a lady who just experienced her first time alone and went outside with saying nothing!"
Shuma: "R-right... Sorry. I have no excuse for it."
Calen: "Did you not like the first night with me?"
Shuma: "That is not it."
Shuma: "You're a vampire, but I now know you are really a cute girl. I felt I wanted to be with you forever and it wouldn't be bad to marry you."
Calen: "What? Is that..."
Shuma: "But...I became worried so much..."
Calen: "...?"
Shuma: "I wondered why and wanted to think alone a little."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "Well...am I intruding on you?"
Shuma: "No, I now have a more definite idea. I was just thinking I wanted to talk to you, Calen."
*The night's cool air and soft moonlight feels comfortable. I ruminate on the sweet and enchanting time we embraced each other.*
*While the sun is up, I always feel heavy. But the darkness of the night and crimson blood invigorate my flesh...*
*As I repeat my days like this, the human heart inside me has been steadily beaten down.*
*Still I haven't given up yet, but...if I keep being tossed about in this way, nothing good will come out of it.*
*...I must make up my mind.*
Calen: "What would you like to talk about? Would you finally agree to marry me?"
Shuma: "Right... First, I will accept the marriage with you."
Calen: "Oh? Truly?"
Shuma: "Yeah...I mean, I'm sorry for what I did. I said many terrible things to you, Calen."
Shuma: "You worry about me for this and that. You have a selfish side..."
Shuma: "But you always helped me when I was in danger and you were always next to me when I was in trouble. Sorry for being stubborn and...thank you."
Calen: "I do not mind if you understand that. I am always thinking of you, Shuma-san♪"
*She seems to have an axe to grind, though...*
Shuma: "Marry me, Calen."
Calen: "Oh dear...finally, at last, I can hear the words from your mouth!"
Shuma: "Right, from today, I'm your husband and you are my wife, Calen. We are husband and wife."
Calen: "Hehe♪ I'm happy...!"
Calen: "But why did you...come to accept it all of a sudden? Did that feel so good?"
Shuma: "Well, it felt good for sure... I can't deny that I was swayed by it..."
Shuma: "If I say it simply, I decided to be defiant."
Calen: "...?"
Shuma: "It's annoying that you always take a lead and I receive it. So I thought, this is my turn to say it."
Calen: "I do not take a lead. I am always in the position to fish for an invitation, do you not see?"
*This lady is good at relaxing me in that way and dragging me into her pace...*
*I'm not sure how far she's calculating her behavior. I guess I must be doing it naturally more than half of the times.*
*It might be the result of the Officinalis family education in order to compromise and live with humans in the same country.*
*It must be a natural behavior for her and she doesn't have any ill-will.*
*Because of it, it is troublesome...*
Shuma: "Looking back carefully, I've been thinking only about myself... I didn't take a good look at you."
Calen: "No, indeed not. You put me, your fiancee aside and have relationships with other women one after another."
Calen: "Well, I do not mind if you have many women around you! But I do think there should be a proper order."
Shuma: "You've held a grudge as I thought..."
Calen: "I-I do not care about it that much. It is necessary for you to awaken..."
*In spite of those words, her face shows her irritation in some way.*
Calen: "Anyway, now I feel relieved. We have a fait accompli...hehe♪"
Shuma: "Don't say 'fait accompli'!"
*Calen tried to make me fall into a trap. And I turned out, just as she wished, helping her make an established fact. That is for sure.*
*But I wasn't frustrated at being entrapped by her. More than that, my feelings that I couldn't leave her alone and I wanted to be with her became stronger.*
Shuma: "I don't understand so many things, but I think I'm understanding a few."
Calen: "Understand or not understand, which is it?"
Shuma: "Don't rush. Love is supposed to grow slowly, right?"
Calen: "Yes, it is so..."
Shuma: "I have conditions."
Calen: "What?"
Shuma: "I feel bad to irritate you more but..."
Calen: "What is this? Really, I would like you to stop beating around the bush. I..."
Shuma: "...am not good at thinking about difficult things."
Calen: "Please do not steal my line!"
Shuma: "Anyway, I'm awakening into a vampire and I cannot live without sucking blood. I know that well."
Shuma: "So, I don't hesitate to suck blood any more."
Calen: "It took a long time to reach the conclusion... However, I feel relieved that you understand it now..."
Shuma: "I'm sorry for making you worry. Oh, I'll have to apologize to Mari, too..."
Shuma: "But, still...I refuse to suck blood from innocent bystanders."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Don't suck blood from anyone other than the victim... Just like up to now, I will only suck blood from humans who have had extra life force poured into them."
Shuma: "This is the first condition."
Calen: "Am I included in that condition?"
Shuma: "Of course. If you prey on humans who are not victims, our marriage will be canceled. This is a promise between husband and wife."
Calen: "H-how spiteful..."
Shuma: "Am I? If so, I caught it from you because I was with you. Hahaha..."
Calen: "*Sigh*... I understand. I shall agree to it 'for now'."
*However you look at it, she doesn't seem satisfied and made sure to emphasize the "for now". Still, even I can understand that.*
*Solving Lycoris' case means I'll lose the way to suck blood.*
*But right now, the near future is more important than what's in the distance.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, you said it was the first condition. Do you have more conditions?"
Shuma: "The second is...I'm not wishing for my awakening. I want you to understand that."
Shuma: "I've lived as a human up to now. I can't agree if I am told to be a vampire all of a sudden."
Calen: "If you say so, you are a vampire, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Let's suppose you were told you were a human and must live as one from tomorrow, could you accept it?"
Calen: "That..."
Shuma: "Actually, I'm already giving up. I'm starting to think it will be okay as long as I'm with you."
Shuma: "So, please wait a little more."
Calen: "It cannot be helped, I suppose..."
Shuma: "Then, the third."
Calen: "You have more?"
Shuma: "From now on, when we have problems or things we don't understand or agree on, like this, we will not force obedience, but discuss and solve them gradually."
Shuma: "Whether it's a vampires' rule or not, I cannot accept the way of mesmerizing and forcing conformity."
Calen: "*Sigh*... To solve through discussions... I wonder if that is the rule in the human world."
Shuma: "I wish I could say it is, but there are humans who try to force obedience as well."
Calen: "There are. I do not think discussion will do anything to the organization that insolent vampire hunter belongs to."
Shuma: "A-anyway...we are going to marry so we must know each other well. I think it's important."
Calen: "It is complicated...however, it is interesting, too."
*Calen drops her shoulders and has a bitter smile on her face.*
Shuma: "Interesting...?"
Calen: "The ways of thinking that do not exist in the vampire world... There are so many things I do not understand, but they do not bore me."
Calen: "Certainly, it might be better for me to learn more about you and humans."
Calen: "Anything is fine. As long as you agree to marry me."
Calen: "I will leave the complicated things to you, Shuma-san. Que sera sera. I am not good at thinking about difficult things♪"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...This is what I decided. I'm sorry for making you worry too, Mari."
Mari: "I don't particularly mind it...but these are really complicated conditions."
Mari: "I can't remember it all, so would you write it down on a piece of paper and put it somewhere I can see well?"
Shuma: "Don't order around your master, maid."
Mari: "Good grief... If you become a vampire quickly, we could avoid unnecessary trouble."
Mari: "I suppose we'll get in more trouble. Oh please, give me a break..."
Shuma: "You call me 'Master' from your mouth, but your attitude doesn't reflect it at all."
Mari: "Eek, sorry...SORRY! Please don't throw me out! I don't want to be fired!"
Shuma: "No, I'm not really firing you. If I meant it, I'd have done it a long time ago. To begin with, I'm not employing you, to be exact."
*A dog maid I picked up when escaping from Iris, and an uninvited vampire girl who forced me into marriage.*
*I was continuously tossed about by them and didn't have time to settle down...but finally it seems I can calmly see the situation.*
*It's been a long time that I've felt calm like this. I wonder if it's because I can, at least, see my direction and future development.*
Shuma: "So, I don't mind you staying as you are. But if you are too rude, I will horn in."
Mari: "Ew, a dirty old man joke, isn't it? Behind Lady Calen's back, you'll toy with me as your lust leads you."
Shuma: "...Where did you learn to talk back like that?"
Mari: "His Lordship said it very often."
*Just as I thought.*
Lotus: "Well, it's simply a way to build a close relationship. Don't worry. I didn't touch Maritima. The spirit of "Yes lolicon, no touch" is imperishable."
*I ignore this as it's just a waste of time to deal with him. As usual.*
Shuma: "Setting such a joke aside..."
Mari: "Will you not regret it later that you cut it down as a joke?"
Shuma: "I won't."
*Already I've had sex with many girls and have been worried about so much that my stomach hurts, but really...what is this moral value of the vampire world?*
Mari: "Rather, if you thought like that, you'd be closer to a progenitor and make me happy. I wish you would say as much as, 'All cute girls are mine!' once in a while."
Shuma: "I don't like that."
Mari: "Hmm. You're stubborn on strangle points."
Shuma: "Well, what should I explain...I've lived as a human being. Of course, it doesn't mean I don't understand Calen and you are talking common sense. The point is we are similar."
Mari: "Is that so? I don't understand what humans think and I hate them. Am I similar to you?"
Shuma: "That is we don't want to compromise our own opinions, right?"
Mari: "Yes, if you put it that way. Only our opinions are different."
Shuma: "That is it. Individually we might have things that are not acceptable, but if we take it in this way, we might think a bit more calmly. Also, I feel the degrees of holding onto opinions are different."
Shuma: "Whenever I hold my ground, you've always disagreed but tolerated it in the end."
Mari: "Yes, now that you've said it...it is so. You seem to not listen if I express my opinions. And to begin with, I've hardly given advice to my masters. It was so when I served His Lordship."
Shuma: "I see. Right. You have that foundation from the start. That's why you overlook my selfishness."
Mari: "More like, there are no servants who go against a progenitor's orders."
*Yeah, she's right. But...*
Shuma: "But, Calen is not like that. She doesn't seem to suffer from terrible treatment at home, and she was really persistent in trying to make me a progenitor..."
Shuma: "First of all...Calen is like the last child of over 100 children in the Officinalis family?"
Mari: "The Officinalis family has many children. They are the most prosperous among the three clans. They seem to be wealthy. Even though I don't know them in detail."
Shuma: "Then, even if she's not a successor, shouldn't they take better care of her? She behaves like the daughter of a high-class family, but doesn't know much about the world. And her family seems to have done nothing for her..."
Shuma: "But, then why has she been working hard for her? She's tried so hard to marry me..."
*Calen's motive comes from her role assigned by her family more than from love for me, which is obvious from her words and acts.*
Shuma: "But why doesn't she resist it? Even if the family is important, how come she can accept being treated like a tool?"
Mari: "...?"
*Gradually, my feelings for Calen have been growing. It might be compassion and affection. It could be only hypocrisy...*
Shuma: "Even if she was raised not to think like that, wouldn't it still be normal to question it just a little? Especially since her father doesn't see her..."
Shuma: "Maybe she herself doesn't understand very much. About what she wants, what she is looking for..."
Shuma: "Even if she's a vampire who's lived longer than me, she is a girl to be married. What kind of thing could happen?"
Shuma: "So...Calen looks lonely and I can't leave her alone for some reason."
*I said it aloud and I understand myself. In short, that is the reason.*
Mari: "......"
*Mari seems to be taken aback and stares at me.*
Shuma: "Is anything wrong?"
Mari: "No... I haven't thought of Lady Calen that deeply...so what should I say..."
Mari: "You are surprisingly thoughtful and gentle. You remind me of my previous master."
Shuma: "My dad? Did he pretend to be gentle but sexually harass her after all?"
Lotus: "Hey, hey. I told you before. "Yes lolicon, no touch". And I'm afraid of your mother."
*Hmm. This progenitor of a prestigious vampire family. But how can I honestly believe him.*
Mari: "Hahaha. Certainly His Lordship was stern and eccentric, but gentle. Now I think you're exactly like him."
Shuma: "Is that so..."
Lotus: "See! Maritima is saying so, too! I have clean hands!"
*...I cannot agree with the part about being "stern" either. But Mari's eyes have very gentle lights in them and it's impossible to think she's lying to me.*
Lotus: "But Shuma, you are too gentle compared to me. It's better for you to think a little more about having determination."
Shuma: "Is that...so...?"
Shuma: "......"
*I look up at the dark night sky from the living room windows.*
*Even after the sun sets, the light of human lives does not go out. No matter day or night, the space which they control does not close up.*
*However, my body which has been growing more distant from humans by the day...seems to know that there is a difference.*
*There used to be a time when the night was a world of fear to humans. But still in the present day, it exposes its fangs and frightens humans when they least expect it.*
*Not so far in the future, this town too...will be infused with darkness. I should have peace of mind from my dad's gentleness I felt through Mari, but I can't help feeling this premonition after hearing his last words.*
*Oh, the moon is so beautiful tonight...*
====================E-KL02_01.TXT====================
Iris: "......"
Lycoris: "Reporting is over...I say."
Iris: "It has not progressed at all. Useless."
Lycoris: "Eek?! No, no, no, just as I said, there were so many interruptions and it didn't work, I say!"
Iris: "Do not cry. As far as I heard you report, Aoi Kamishiro seems to be a considerably foolish hunter. Even though I already knew the Rubina was a crowd of incompetents."
Lycoris: "Ugh..."
Iris: "Still, Shuma Embroche is hesitant to awaken...hmm. Interesting. And..."
Iris: "It seems Calendula Officinalis has also a tinge of doubt about making Shuma awaken as a progenitor."
Lycoris: "Huh? It looked like Calen wanted to make Shuma awaken..."
Iris: "You are not mentally quick, either. If that was what she wanted, all she would need to do is change the environment by force. She would control the town and create a situation that forces Shuma to suck blood."
Iris: "She is ignorant of the world but can do it quite easily. She has that much power."
Lycoris: "......"
Iris: "I am flabbergasted at your incompetence, but including Shuma, their inclinations are interesting."
Lycoris: "Ugh, I'm sorry for being incompetent...I say."
Iris: "Hmm...let me see...then, how about this?"
Lycoris: "...?"
Iris: "If you target Shuma, and it does not work, you should clear the decks first."
Lycoris: "Decks? I say?"
Iris: "Incompetent to the end. Well, alright. You need simple execution is what I just said."
Lycoris: "What?"
Iris: "...*Finger sna*―"
Lycoris: "Waaaah! Timeout! Timeout, I say, please! I'm sorry for being incompetent and stupid! Please explain it more simply, I say, please!!"
Iris: "Good grief...well, alright. I do not expect you to be quick-witted. A plan, well...you are unreliable. Bring my familiar with you."
Lycoris: "Your familiar, you say?"
Iris: "Yes. Let me see...how about this one? It might get along with you."
Lycoris: "Eh, whoa...!"
*When the sun is still hiding behind the horizon, I wake up, change into sportswear and jog around the town.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa...phew..."
*The more I run around town, the more people show up on the streets. Greeted by old people I usually don't see, I hurriedly greet back.*
*Since I started jogging, I've realized surprisingly many middle-aged couples and old people jog every day.*
*Even though people past the retirement age have more free time, it must not be easy to wake up regularly every morning and run, urging aging bodies, I think.*
*Those who grow old know the many things which are necessary to live as human beings.*
*They make me sharply realize how lazy I am, and how I live simply out of habit.*
Shuma: "I must train myself, I must become stronger..."
*As I am now, I cannot protect someone important to me, much less maintain myself.*
Shuma: "Hah! There!"
*After running, I swing around Deesse Morte in an inconspicuous area.*
Shuma: "There! Hah!"
*Over and over, I just simply keep swinging.*
Lotus: "Hmm. It's good to build up your physical strength but..."
Shuma: "Yaah! Haah!!"
*As if I shook off his voice altogether, I swing around the sword.*
*Can I really suppress my blood-sucking urge or compete with Lycoris like this? I feel a little uneasy...but I cannot come up with something else to do.*
Shuma: "Yaaaah!!"
*All I can do is to keep training...*
Shuma: "I'm home..."
Calen: "Welcome home, Shuma-san!"
*When I open the entrance door with my sweaty hand, I find Calen who has woken up unusually early and waiting for me.*
*And, she exposes her nape of clear fair skin, then snuggles up to me in a sexy gesture.*
Calen: "You must be tired. Please...have me now♪"
*Delicious-looking nape. Now that my body is tired from running, Calen's fresh blood is surely appetizing. Come, bite into it now...*
Shuma: "Ugh, no...I'm not that tired..."
Calen: "Really? I think I heard your throat making a noise."
Shuma: "J-just your imagination...imagination..."
Calen: "Honestly...I thought you no longer hesitated to suck blood."
Shuma: "That's true but..."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you do not want to suck blood from anyone but the victims who are preyed upon by Lycoris-san."
Calen: "With your tired body though, you might attack a girl on your way to school."
Shuma: "I-I understand. Suck...please let me suck."
Calen: "*Sigh*... I wish you would stop being selfish like a child."
Shuma: "I'm gonna suck."
*I suck Calen's blood... In the moment I decide this action, everything else is pushed out of my mind.*
*Calen's complaint doesn't reach my ears, and I thrust my exposed fangs into her pure white nape.*
Calen: "A-ah! Heeya, kuhoo...m-mmm!"
*As the freshly-sucked, hot blood moistens my throat, my body screaming from over-running recovers immediately and becomes energized.*
Calen: "Haa, mmm...ooomm! Ah, ah!"
*Delicious.*
*If I can suck Calen's blood like this, I'll make nothing of getting up early in the morning and jogging...I thought.*
Calen: "Ah! Aah... Shuma-san...it is about time...to fini...ah, ah! Aah...!"
Shuma: "Mm...?"
*Maybe I sucked too much... I unintentionally forgot myself.*
*I pull my fangs out of Calen's nape and run my tongue along where blood is oozing to lick off crimson drops.*
Calen: "Hah, haw...mmm, aah! Shuma-sa...n... Are you alright now? Haa...!"
Shuma: "Phew... It was delicious. Thanks, Calen."
Calen: "As your wife, it is what is expected of me...hehehe♪"
*Mesmerization may have slightly affected her. Calen's eyes have an ecstatic shine and her cheeks are tinted red.*
Shuma: "Th-thanks anyway..."
*I just sucked her blood and life force but when she makes a face like that, I feel embarrassed too.*
*Of course, when I suck life force, I end up mesmerizing in most cases, but Calen can control herself not to be affected.*
*It's understandable that she has this expression when she purposely accepts mesmerization, but now is not the case. And yet, she looks like that. I feel it's her overly direct affection toward me and I unintentionally avert my eyes.*
Calen: "Hehe♪ Shuma-san, you have a cute part, too. You make me want to eat you, hehehe!"
Shuma: "D-don't say such a stupid thing. It's about time for breakfast?"
Calen: "Oh dear...?"
Shuma: "Calen!"
*That moment, Calen's body loses its balance and wobbles. I reach out my hand in a hurry.*
Calen: "Oh...thank you, Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "What just happened? That surprised me..."
*I put my hand around her shoulder to catch her.*
Shuma: "It cannot be..."
*Is this because I sucked her life force? But Calen is a vampire of the Officinalis. Creme de la creme of the vampires, so to speak. I thought she wouldn't be affected if I sucked this much life force...*
Calen: "Hehe. I'm sorry, Shuma-san. You are so very cute that I felt dizzy!"
Shuma: "...?!"
*My cheeks instantly become hot.*
Shuma: "Y-you..."
*As I take my hands off Calen in a rough kind of way, she doesn't wobble any longer and stands firmly on the floor.*
Shuma: "Don't surprise me. I thought I sucked too much life force..."
Calen: "Hehehe. Despite my appearance, and being at the bottom of the Officinalis family, I am a legitimate vampire from one of the three clans. A member of perfect vampires, so to speak. That much cannot affect me."
Calen: "However, your natural charm which can make a perfect vampire feel dizzy is far beyond the power of mesmerization!"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "You face is all red! So cute!"
Shuma: "S-shut up, shut up! We're gonna have breakfast!"
Calen: "Oh no, wait for me, Shuma-san!"
Mari: "Master, Lady Calen, please hurry, or your breakfast will be cold. You'll be late for school, too."
*She seems to have finished her breakfast some time ago, saying it with a little irritation on her face.*
Mari: "It's fine for you to make out from this early in the morning, though."
Shuma: "No, we were not making out..."
Calen: "It is not good to make out only in the morning. Let us make out at school, too. It is a perfect idea, Shuma-san."
Calen: "We are engaged to be married, so we have no reason to hesitate."
Shuma: "Please spare me from that in public at least."
Calen: "Then, we can do it in private! Oh, Shuma-san, you are possessive, too. In that case, let us make out and be wet and sticky in private, shall we!"
Shuma: "What is 'shall we'? That's not what I meant."
Mari: "Master, you're naughty. Wonderful, wonderful. You are finally becoming like a vampire."
Shuma: "Are vampires all sex maniacs?!"
*I thought it was only my dad, but everyone seems to be like this... I wish someone would understand my pure feelings...*
Shuma: "If Aoi understood me a little more, she might cooperate with me..."
Calen: "Did you say something?"
Shuma: "No...nothing. Let's have breakfast."
Calen: "It is wonderful that you can enjoy both human and vampire meals! Hehe. Shuma-san, you are greedy."
Shuma: "Greedy..."
*I feel Calen's optimistic words hit the nail on the head and I have a bitter smile on my face.*
*Probably...it's exactly what Mari and Calen said.*
*Blood is tasty, I have a lovely fiancee and I was made to be used to being a vampire... I was slightly aware that these thoughts have been encroaching on me day by day.*
*But, even so...I cannot stop being human.*
Mari: "Master, what is your reason for getting up early to jog?"
Shuma: "Two reasons. First..."
Shuma: "Training my body itself is the only way to control vampire powers and fight against Lycoris...so I thought."
Shuma: "Second... If I train both physically and mentally, I might be able to suppress the blood-sucking urge...so I thought."
*After that, it's for training with Deesse Morte. And because Dad tells me, too... Of course it will help me when I fight Lycoris, I think.*
*But this is my countermeasure for Lycoris. I don't particularly need to mention it.*
Mari: "Both are slim hopes, like wishing for something to turn out a particular way."
Shuma: "Ugh... Don't call them 'slim hopes'!"
*To be honest, I'm nervous and cannot deny it...but mentioning it would lead to whimpering, so I keep it to myself.*
Calen: "Whatever the case, as long as you are willing to marry me, it will be fine."
Calen: "Whenever you are hungry, let me know. It is a wife's duty to support her husband!"
*While saying that, she lifts up her hair and flashes that scrumptious-looking nape.*
Calen: "It may be good for you to have my blood as an after-dinner dessert. Shuma-san...would you like to have some?"
Shuma: "D-don't worry about it and eat your breakfast. We'll be late for school."
*I avert my eyes from Calen's neck and swallow a glass of thick tomato juice in one gulp.*
*Every day we choose between our arguments, which cannot help but clash, and search for a compromise.*
*We won't be one-sided, but discuss it over, then make a decision together. That is the promise between Calen and me.*
*It's still awkward but I think our distance is shrinking.*
Shuma: "...No, this isn't just between Calen and me."
*There's more than one me on the inside. There's the one with a weak mind who thinks it's okay to be a vampire. I desperately resist and suppress the other me, though. This results in those slim hopes we were talking about.*
*But as Mari says, they might really be slim hopes.*
*I look up and see clear blue sky. There seems to be no obstacles between here to my goal but...I am standing on thin ice.*
*I feel as if the other me were beckoning from underneath that ice.*
*I suppose when it's broken, our relationships will collapse. At least I won't be a human anymore and all the relationships I've built as human will sink into the bottom of frigid water...*
Shuma: "...I won't allow that to happen."
*When I become a vampire in body and soul, it will be the time that the human me dies. In order to stop it, I must try, even if hopes are slim...*
Lotus: "Young man. Trouble in adolescence?"
Shuma: "...This is a time I want to think by myself."
Lotus: "I see that. Even though you are troubled so much."
Shuma: "Trouble you don't understand as you are a vampire from birth."
Lotus: "You're also a vampire from birth too, you know."
*I know that. But I grew up as human. That's why I'm troubled and suffering right now like this.*
Lotus: "There's nothing to worry about. Considering the ones around you have been devoting so much to you."
Shuma: "Devoting? Right, to make me a vampire..."
*What everyone is hoping for is a perfect vampire, the complete Embroche progenitor.*
Lotus: "For example, do you really think Calen-chan gave her own life force only for that reason? You're quite becoming like a vampire, Shuma."
Shuma: "What...?"
*What does he mean? I lose my breath unintentionally.*
Shuma: "Th-that's because Calen is a rightful vampire of the Officinalis family, so if I suck her life force a little...ah..."
*I feel dizzy from Dad's words, but when i managed to object to him, a scene flashes in my mind.*
Calen: "Oh dear...?"
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "Oh...thank you, Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "What just happened? That surprised me..."
Calen: "Hehe. I'm sorry, Shuma-san. You are so very cute that I felt dizzy!"
Shuma: "No...Calen, she was laughing it off back then..."
Lotus: "Did you notice it? Even if she is a noble vampire from one of the three clans, her life force is limited. Think about it. Actually, you are also a noble vampire and are destined to be a progenitor."
Shuma: "That..."
Shuma: "But, Calen said she's okay because she's a perfect vampire of the Officinalis..."
Lotus: "Well, true to a certain extent. But she is not a progenitor and her life force is limited. You slurped her as if you had finished up every bit of it."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*No...*
Lotus: "Well, if you live normally, then life force can be collected little by little. Calen-san must be doing her best with tomato juice."
*I'm putting her into a poor condition...that's what I'm doing, I guess. In any case, I didn't realize Calen had become so devoted to me.*
Lotus: "I'm not saying you must marry her for this, though. But whether a vampire or human, if you misread each other's wishes, you will surely get into trouble. This is advice from me as your dad."
Shuma: "That's...right."
*I cannot talk back to his joke. Calen's wish... She wants to make me a vampire that much, or...?*
*I have no way of knowing it now, so all I can do is regret my shallow thoughts and bite my lip.*
*Lunch break.*
Sakurako: "Phew... Gochisousama♪ (that was delicious)"
Sakurako: "Well, after having delicious mayonnaise, I'll enjoy myself by making fun of Shuma!"
Sakurako: "But, huh? I can't see him... He was in the classroom a second ago."
Mari: "Master went out with Lady Calen, arm in arm and flirting."
Sakurako: "What?"
Sakurako: "That idiot finally cannot hold down a man's desire and intends to do a shameless act on campus!"
Mari: "If anything, Lady Calen seemed to drag him out against his will."
Calen: "Now, Shuma-san, please come closer to me!"
Shuma: "L-like this...?"
*I cautiously bring my shoulder to her. Calen wraps my arm with both hands and tightly holds me.*
Calen: "Mmm, *hug hug*♪ Lover's must be like this after all..."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "Hehe♪ Everyone is looking at us."
Shuma: "Of course they are."
*Her boobs are a way past the just-touching-my-arms phase, they're glued to them.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, let us go around the school like this, shall we?"
Shuma: "It's really difficult to walk if you keep sticking to me this close. And don't you feel shy?"
Calen: "It is natural for lovers to flirt. Still, more so as we are engaged to marry."
Shuma: "M-maybe so, but this and that are different things..."
Calen: "There is nothing to be ashamed of♪"
*Her carefree smile makes my cheeks heat up.*
*Calen's soft boobs are certainly a cause of rising body temperature, but a different emotion heats up my face, and at the same time, I can neither shake nor untangle her.*
*Of course I feel uneasy about student onlookers, but I cannot untangle Calen when I think about her feelings. While I'm at my wits' end, I see Sakurako and Mari entering the courtyard.*
Sakurako: "Hey, rapist!"
Shuma: "I haven't done anything yet!"
Sakurako: "Oh, you said, 'yet'. Officer, he is the one!"
Mari: "He must have done it already. If you confess obediently, I'll let you eat a pork cutlet rice bowl."
Shuma: "I'm innocent..."
Calen: "Hehe♪ It is getting noisy."
*Calen cheerfully laughs. What's so funny anyway...?*
Sakurako: "It's okay to kiss very lightly but if you cross the line, do it somewhere like behind a building where no one's around."
Shuma: "Don't worry, we won't cross the line."
Calen: "We will not go where no one is around, because we cannot show off that we are madly in love and engaged♪"
Sakurako: "So you are showing it off!"
Calen: "You needn't worry, we will discern the time and place."
Shuma: "You're not..."
Calen: "But, I am so worried that I feel compelled to do this. I am concerned that your heart might part from mine..."
*Calen expresses this sadly with her eyes slightly down.*
Calen: "When I think that you might cancel our engagement again..."
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "I know this is improper but, I do not want to leave you..."
*Please don't say that with upturned eyes... And now that I know Calen has been truly devoted to me, such a cute gesture gives me a completely different perspective.*
*She's devoted herself to me while risking her life and sacrificing her body... I can't help thinking I want to protect her even if she is a vampire.*
Shuma: "Don't worry. I will never cancel it again."
*Somehow trying to repay her devotion, I spoke these humble words to her.*
Calen: "Words are not enough..."
Shuma: "What? Then, what am I supposed to do..."
Calen: "Do I have to mention it?"
Shuma: "No, no, no..."
*Surely I thought I wanted to repay her, but this and that are different stories...*
Calen: "Anytime is fine with me. Hehe!"
Shuma: "W-we must consider a time and place."
Sakurako: "Really, it's irritation! You are supposed to force her down and kiss right there!"
Mari: "The audience are all keeping their eyes on you, so let's answer their expectation!"
Shuma: "No one stops us?!"
Calen: "Hehe♪ Such fun♪"
*While sticking to me, Calen laughs mischievously.*
*She seems to be enjoying herself by making fun of me.*
*I still don't know what Calen is thinking. However, what she did for me is real.*
*Actually, showing off like this may be the result of what she thought in her own way.*
*We must come in contact with each other proactively and have an opportunity to know each other more. I know this but...*
*I feel that it's enough to repay Calen... No, I'm not sure if it's correct to think so...*
*While feeling the warmth of Calen's skin, I've being thinking about this...*
*As I walk sticking to Calen, we end up in the chapel.*
*If I remember correctly, Calen doesn't like chapels.*
Calen: "Since we are here, let us make an engagement vow, shall we?"
Shuma: "What...?"
*Just as I was thinking we should leave, unexpected words came out of Calen's mouth.*
Calen: "That is it, Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "Do vampires pray to God? I thought you were calling him evil or something like that..."
Calen: "God's blessing and mercy are given equally to all living things... That is correct, is it not, Aoi-san?"
Aoi: "God grants salvation and guidance to all lambs."
*I suddenly feel a presence behind me and turn back to find Aoi standing with a peaceful expression on her face.*
Aoi: "If you take an oath of allegiance to the Lord and kiss his feet, our Lord will reach out to even a humble vampire."
Shuma: "O-oh...she is talking like a sister."
Lotus: "Hmm...?"
Shuma: "Of course, it's natural because she is one."
Lotus: "That's certainly so. She is a sister more or less. More or less..."
Calen: "See, vampires are alright, too. There is not much difference between vampires and humans from God's point of view. Humans also keep livestock."
*The word livestock pierces my heart...*
*When I sucked Sakurako's blood, my consciousness was taken over by the blood-sucking urge and I almost lost human reasoning. She looked like food to me.*
*To vampires, humans are livestock... Their view on humans must be similar to our view on animal meats...but I'm not used to it. Even if I am accused of being an egoist.*
Aoi: "Our Lord allowed humans to eat living creatures. That is why we offer a prayer of thanks to Him. This is what eating lives means. You, vampire, do you pray to the Lord before you eat humans?"
Calen: "Hmm. I have not even thought about it."
Aoi: "Then, God's salivation will never come to you. He reaches out only those who respect, love, fear and praise Him."
Calen: "*Sigh*... Convenient god, isn't he."
Aoi: "The Lord will not bless the marriage of those who transgress Him. Leave now."
Calen: "What a cheap god. He is evil, after all."
Calen: "In that case, I have no business in a place like this. Let us go, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "S-see you, Aoi."
Aoi: "If you wish to be forgiven, you can come again any time. God saves those who ask for salvation."
*After school.*
*It is important to deepen my relationship with Calen, but the present issue I have to deal with is Lycoris.*
*For that, I must not only train myself physically, but also control my vampire powers. Otherwise I'll have no chance of winning.*
*There are many problems, but I will solve them one by one...*
Calen: "Shuma-san, I have brought this no-good hunter as you told me to♪"
Aoi: "Who's a no-good hunter? Let me go! You thoughtless vampire!"
Calen: "Who did you call 'thoughtless'? Shall I suck the blood from your empty head and cripple you?"
*Calen threatens Aoi while wearing a full, innocent smile on her face.*
Calen: "Oh... Shuma-san has told me repeatedly not to suck blood."
Calen: "In that case, I wonder if I will have to take away the freedom from both your hands and feet, then torment you slowly, spending plenty of time on brainwashing you?"
Aoi: "E-eek?! *Tremble tremble tremble*..."
Calen: "I can choose either way. What would you like to do, Shuma-san?"
*...Is she actually serious? Either way, vampires are scary after all.*
Shuma: "Aoi...If I can, I want to save Lycoris, too. So I want you to work with me."
Aoi: "Save Lycoris? Is that true?"
Shuma: "Believe me. I'm still a human."
Aoi: "Hmph... How come you who is engaged to the vampire pretends to be a human?"
Aoi: "Without your help, I will save Lycoris all by myself. Mind your own business!"
*She purses her lips to show her hostility. Just as I thought, she doesn't believe me...*
Calen: "You are assertive as usual. I wonder if you have any plan after she showed you the difference in your strengths."
Aoi: "Ugh..."
*Aoi is mortified and bites her lips. If she had a plan, she would've executed it already. It's obvious she's at a dead end.*
*Even if she doesn't believe me, maybe I can somehow persuade her...*
Calen: "Well, it has nothing to do with me...so I would like to say, Shuma-san seems to have some fixation."
Shuma: "Aoi... The only way to save Lycoris is by removing Iris' life force from within her. And for the time being, I'm the only one who can do it."
Aoi: "It's certainly so..."
Shuma: "To suck the life force out, I must catch her first. And you and me, our fighting powers are overwhelmingly lacking now."
Aoi: "Hmph... I wonder what you're thinking. It's against God's will to have your life force poured into me. Do you have any other way?"
Shuma: "Well, it's a slim chance but...I cannot control my powers just yet."
Shuma: "Maybe I'll be able to control my awakening as a vampire and gain command over these powers at the same time."
Aoi: "I don't understand what you're getting at. What do you want me to do?"
Shuma: "Please come have special training with me. I think it'll be a good experience for you too as an anti-vampire fight sample."
Aoi: "......"
Calen: "I see, that's what it is. In that case, I will support you."
Calen: "A Rubina hunter is trained so she will not die so easily. Let us use her as a guinea pig all we want♪"
Aoi: "A guinea pig? No way!"
Shuma: "Oh, really...I won't grab and eat you! Please help me with special training, please!"
Calen: "Aoi-san, be a good girl and become our guinea pig. Do not worry so much. You will come off with some bruises, broken bones and a little bleeding♪"
Aoi: "I don't want to hurt the body that was given by God...but I understand your side. It looks like I have a benefit too, so I'll train with you."
Shuma: "Wow! Thank you! I can count on you!"
Aoi: "So, what are you planning to do specifically?"
Shuma: "First off, I'm hoping I can grow the power of a progenitor more. An ability I can already use."
Aoi: "An ability you can already use, like the one where you inject your life force?"
*Right. As Aoi says, it is the characteristic power of the Embroche family, that is to inject life force into a partner and boost his or her abilities.*
Aoi: "I definitely refuse."
Shuma: "Yeah, so...I'm wondering if it's possible to boost myself."
Aoi: "Boost yourself?"
Calen: "I see. That is certainly a good viewpoint. Still, do you need to inject your life force?"
Shuma: "I must try it but my life force is inside me to be begin with, so I think I might be able to boost a particular ability."
Aoi: "I see. It seems to make sense. Then? Are you going to boost your fighting ability and spar with me?"
Shuma: "No. I want to do that, too, but first...I'm thinking about boosting my mesmerization."
Aoi: "What?! Then, I'm just a guinea pig after all!"
Calen: "I see. Shuma-san, that is a wonderful idea. You will strengthen your regularly activated mesmerization and turn Aoi-san and Lycoris-san into your puppets!"
Aoi: "I won't allow that!"
Shuma: "Wait, timeout, timeout! I want to boost my mesmerization for sure, but it is for the opposite reason!"
Aoi: "Opposite?"
Calen: "Is that so?"
Shuma: "See...I often let mesmerization get out of control. So I've thought if I can boost mesmerization, conversely I may have the ability to suppress it."
Aoi: "But mesmerization will get stronger in that way."
Shuma: "Well, how do I put it...? It's something like, I feel an itch but don't know exactly where it is. So, if I make that itch stronger, I can pinpoint the part..."
Calen: "It does not sound very relevant."
Shuma: "The point is, I will search for the switch that controls the strength of mesmerization by boosting it, something like that!"
Aoi: "...You're not thinking something shameful, are you?"
Shuma: "No, no! Absolutely not!"
Calen: "Turning Aoi-san into a lifelong sex slave by an unfortunate accident. That would be the only conceivable accident. Purely an accident, of course!"
Aoi: "I've offered my body to the Lord. I won't allow something like that."
Shuma: "N-now, now. I'll stop if it seems out of control! And I want to be able to control mesmerization so that a thing like before won't happen again..."
Aoi: "Again...?"
*Crap...Aoi didn't know...*
Calen: "Anyway, you will train your mesmerizing gaze and make everyone obey you. It is wonderful because that is just like a vampire."
Calen: "As long as you remember I'm the first wife...I will cooperate with you to create your harem. Hehehe♪"
Aoi: "As I thought, vampires and humans are incompatible. Alright, I'll give you divine judgment, right here."
Shuma: "As I said, that's not... You, both of you are not listening to me at all. It's like talking to the wall!"
Aoi: "Pray to the Lord. I don't think God will help filthy vampires, though."
Shuma: "Listen to me!!"
Calen: "!!"
Aoi: "?!"
Shuma: "What? Something came out just now?"
Aoi: "Nothing. I got a little chill, that's all."
*Huh? I felt mesmerization, which usually stays passive, burst out now... Its output felt stronger than normal.*
*But Aoi doesn't have a sign of being affected... Is it because I didn't see her eyes? Was it just a mistake that I felt the output was stronger?*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen?"
Calen: "Y-yes♪ I will do anything you tell me to do, Shuma-san! Please order me right now!"
Calen: "Ah, mmm...koohoo! When you look at me, I feel hot and dizzy♪ I become completely wild!"
Shuma: "Eh, eh...?"
Calen: "I have an idea, Shuma-san! You will suck my blood right here, we'll make love and show it off to Aoi-san!"
Calen: "Aaahmmm! Quick...we are husband and wife! Anytime, anywhere...you can make a mess out of me!"
Aoi: "W-what is this smutty vampire?!"
*Calen is completely mesmerized...but from previous experience, it's possible she became mesmerized intentionally...*
Calen: "Kyaaah! Shuma-san, I love you, I love you, I love you so much! I will follow any orders you give me!"
*Hmm. When she's like this, I cannot get an answer out of her. But compatible Aoi is normal, so it seems that Calen accepted it...*
Aoi: "Hey, what are you going to do about this? Did you really mesmerize her? It didn't do anything to me."
Shuma: "What am I going to do... But I didn't know I was really able to use mesmerization. Calen seems to be affected but...well, it'll pass soon."
Aoi: "Can you undo mesmerization as you see fit? Isn't that what controlling an ability is supposed to be?"
Shuma: "Oh, right! It'll be good if I can do that! I'm gonna try!"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... I wonder if he has any motivation."
Shuma: "I've got a motivation... Calen, look carefully into my eyes."
Calen: "Yes...Shuma-san♪"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "...?"
Shuma: "Wake up!!"
Calen: "Haww...?"
Aoi: "...?"
Calen: "*Shriek*! When you stare at me, Shuma-san, I get chills... No, no...mmm♪ I cannot take this anymore!!!"
Shuma: "No good."
Aoi: "Don't give up! Motivate yourself more!"
Shuma: "Ugh... Calen, WAKE UP!!"
Calen: "Haw...mmm, aaah!"
Shuma: "...Mm?"
Calen: "Mm...hehe♪ I am wide awake... Shuma-san, you need to wake up! Please become naked in your body and soul, and let's grow our love together!"
Calen: "Shuma-san, you have no option but to marry me. Whatever happens, I will never let you go!"
Shuma: "No good... I don't know if she's being natural or really mesmerized..."
Calen: "Ahaaa♪ I do fish for an invitation, and your gaze melts me unconditionally! Please, please look at me more!"
Aoi: "Really, you two... I cannot carry on with such absurd training!"
Shuma: "Wait, Aoi... She's gone."
*After all this, I totally don't know whether I have achieved a result or not. All I'm sure of is I offended Aoi.*
Calen: "Haamm♪ There is no one to interrupt us now! Your worry is gone, so let's exchange our love wildly, or rather, have sexual intercourse with me!"
Shuma: "Calen is like this..."
Lotus: "Instead of you, I wonder if I could take Calen-chan, Shuma?"
Shuma: "A ring?"
Lotus: "Ugh, if only I had a body... No, I'm sure I can satisfy her even though I'm a ring! Yes, I can!"
Shuma: "Don't try to put up a fight on a weird point..."
Lotus: "Really. You are very choosy, Shuma. But, still..."
Shuma: "Huh? Dad?"
Lotus: "...No, nothing. Before that, Shuma, just give it to Calen-chan and bring her back to her senses."
Shuma: "I-I can't do that. I'll leave her like this for a while."
Calen: "Aah! Is this erotic orgasm denial play? This is also your love! While feeling it all over my body, I will accept your denial!"
Shuma: "Ugh...I don't like this power..."
Lotus: "Hmm..."
Shuma: "Well, it's about time to go..."
Mari: "Have a nice evening, Master."
Shuma: "Huh? Where's Calen?"
Mari: "She's already outside."
Shuma: "Seriously? I've gotta hurry..."
Mari: "If you go out at all, wouldn't it be better for you to have dinner alone with Lady Calen somewhere?"
Shuma: "Why? But...Mari's meals are delicious, and if we eat out, I want to do it with the three of us together."
Mari: "*Sigh*... I don't really mind."
Mari: "I think it's better to cherish your time alone with Lady Calen."
Shuma: "Is that...so...?"
Mari: "I know you think a great deal of me...so you don't have to care about my needs."
Shuma: "Everyone is important. I don't want to lose anyone."
Shuma: "That's why I want to save Lycoris, too."
Mari: "You are greedy."
Shuma: "...Possibly..."
Mari: "But, there is a way to make it come true."
Shuma: "Huh? Really?"
Mari: "All you need to do is awaken as a progenitor and make everyone your familiar!"
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Is it not good?"
*When I sucked Lycoris' life force and mesmerized her, I temporarily released her from Ladybug's control. If I had completely subordinated her, I could have saved her.*
*If I awaken, it will be possible to do that, but...*
Shuma: "Oh, it's bad of me to let Calen wait any more. Then, I'll leave the house to you."
Mari: "Please enjoy..."
Calen: "You are late! Truly!"
*As soon as I go out of the house, I'm welcomed by Calen who's pouting her lips.*
Calen: "It is horrible of you to make your fiancee wait alone."
Shuma: "You came out by yourself. Are you that excited?"
Calen: "Yes, finally we can have a proper relationship, so I am looking forward to it!"
Shuma: "Proper relationship. Well, look forward to it."
Calen: "Yes."
Shuma: "I'm gonna teach you many things from now. Follow me!"
Calen: "...Yes?"
*I grab Calen's hand with a look of amazement and walk toward the town in the night.*
*The girl I may marry in the future. I want to teach her as many fun things as possible. I've been feeling like that.*
Calen: "Until this late at night...many stores are open for business."
*It's not the first time to come to the shopping district with Calen, but to a lady who grew up in the countryside, this still looks fresh.*
Calen: "I was surprised when I first learned that there are stores that never close all day."
Shuma: "I can't imagine a world without convenience stores or department stores..."
Calen: "In Racronia, most stores close at night... It is provincial, I suppose."
Shuma: "I don't know... When I think about it carefully, development of industries and stores opening late at night may not be connected very much."
Shuma: "Japan didn't have convenience stores during the high economic growth period. I've heard certain convenience stores opened from 7am to 11pm in the beginning."
Calen: "I wonder if that means Japan has become a busy country where it doesn't matter if it's day or night?"
Shuma: "In Europe, it seems not to be unusual for stores to close at night. I sometimes think we are abnormal."
*Chatting idly, I hold hands with Calen and walk down the night streets.*
*An occasional passerby curiously looks back at us. Calen is beautiful so she stands out very much.*
Calen: "I feel a gaze..."
Shuma: "Of course, foreigners are rare here..."
Calen: "I wonder if she is up on a building. She seems to be able to see very well in the dark."
Shuma: "Up on a building...?"
*I look up and around but see nothing.*
Calen: "Aoi-san has been watching us all day. How persistent she is!"
Shuma: "All day...?"
Calen: "It was not a coincidence that Aoi-san appeared in the chapel."
Shuma: "She kept watching us during the lunch break."
Calen: "Did you not really notice it? *Sigh*... How disappointing."
*Right now Aoi is in class so that she doesn't attack me by surprise.*
*Is that convenient or what?*
Calen: "In that way, still you cannot stand up to Lycoris-san."
Shuma: "I-I'll do my best... Anyway, let's have fun tonight!"
Shuma: "I'll teach you many fun things. We'll go to places Sakurako hasn't taken you yet. It'll be good to kick up a racket until morning, too!"
*So I said to her excitedly without deciding where to go.*
*I'll just take her to some appropriate place, like karaoke or a game center...*
Calen: "Shuma-san, what do we have there? Many strange-looking people are going into that place."
Shuma: "Mm? That...is probably a club. Cosplay party? Maybe they're having a live show."
Calen: "That looks fun. Let us go, shall we?!"
Shuma: "Eh? Oh, yeah..."
*I don't know much about places like that... Is it safe? I'm nervous. I really don't want to go in...*
*But I just told her I'd teach her many things, so I can't back out now.*
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Hmph...how easygoing they are, spending all of their time for stupid fun!"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... It's getting ridiculous to keep watching them."
Aoi: "Huh...?"
Lycoris: "Hmm. How easygoing, I say. In spite of that, whenever I attacked him, he resisted so much and refused to be taken away. Really, it's so irritating...shoot!"
*Our eyes meet. It seems she's also been watching Shuma.*
Lycoris: "Oh no! Why am I bumping into you at a time like this?! My boss disapproves of me and I am in a serious hole! Can't you overlook me today, I say?"
Aoi: "If you abandon vampires and come back to my side properly, I may think about it!"
Lycoris: "What?! You're asking for the moon! It's better to get rid of Aoi first, after all. For this new monster's first trial, we'll knock Aoi down quickly, I say!"
Aoi: "Damn, she completely refused to listen to me... It's all because a vampire turned Lycoris into this...vampire..."
Lycoris: "I'll introduce it once again! This is a monster given by Master Pumila and my new partner! Its name is Cica..."
Aoi: "Damn vampire...the one who disobeys God..."
Lycoris: "...da? What is it? Isn't it the duty of a champion of justice to listen to a monster's introduction?"
Aoi: "The one who disobeys God... A vampire who goes against providence..."
Lycoris: "What is that? That is not the usual Aoi, I say."
Cicada: "~~~......"
Lycoris: "It's not time to be disappointed because your introduction was ignored! Something is wrong with Aoi, I say!"
Aoi: "...an enemy of God, I'll eliminate you with my hands."
Lycoris: "Get ready, Cicada!"
Cicada: "~~~!"
Lycoris: "Aoi, wait, I say! Do you think you can win two on one?!"
Aoi: "Deformed one. God shall not forgive your deformity. But still..."
Aoi: "After your existence has ended, He shall forgive."
Lycoris: "What?! You attacked me all of a sudden. It's looks as if you were the villain, I say!!"
Aoi: "Ask God for forgiveness."
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Aoi: "Deformed one. How dare you refuse divine judgment..."
Lycoris: "Cicada! You helped me! But this is not the normal Aoi, I say! Now..."
Aoi: "I won't let you go. Vanish from the face of God."
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Lycoris: "No! Cicada! Don't attack without my orders, I say!!"
Aoi: "Ugh?!"
Aoi: "...It's not a normal attack. It looks impossible to keep receiving it. But the attacks from the one disobeying God will never hit me."
Lycoris: "Cicada! Stay back! Take a pause and re-position, I say!!"
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Aoi: "I won't let you go!"
Lycoris: "Shut up! I don't know what it is, but I cannot fight squarely with Aoi who isn't right! Cicada, leave her...Cicada?"
Cicada: "~......~~......!"
Lycoris: "Cicada! Follow my order!"
Aoi: "It's no use. It's already a servant of God."
Lycoris: "Whaaat?! What are you saying! A vampire's familiar cannot fall flat before God so easil―"
Lycoris: "Whaaaat?! What the hell are you doing, Cicada?! You attack over there! What are you trying to do by attacking me, I say?!"
Aoi: "A servant of God will never direct a blade toward Him."
Cicada: "~......~~......!"
Lycoris: "I-it can't be... Is it really taken over?! Instantly?! Aoi shouldn't have such power..."
Aoi: "Deformed one. Kill the vampire. Then, after you abandon your deformity, you will receive forgiveness from God."
Cicada: "~......~~......~~~!!"
Lycoris: "What?! Bite me! That kid vampire, how dare she to have forced such a defective product on me, I say!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh! Now that things have come to this, at least I will... Well, that's a useless piece of crap but if I leave it behind, I might get finger-snapped by Master Pumila!!"
Aoi: "Don't worry. You will be called by God right here. He will give you forgiveness over there."
Lycoris: "I don't want to be forgiven by a strange old man!"
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Lycoris: "Whoa?! Annoying, you stupid familiar! It's time to wake up!"
Cicada: "!!"
Lycoris: "Damn! It does have strength like crazy! But runs out out of gas, quickly!!"
Cicada: "!!"
Aoi: "I see. That is this monster's characteristic. Then, I'll use it and quickly send it to God."
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Lycoris: "Damn! I-I can't deal with it! How dare she give me a monster which is useless in a place like this!"
Aoi: "Do it, you servant of God."
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Lycoris: "C-crap! In this case... Waaaah!!"
Aoi: "What are you doing? God wishes you to send her back to Him. Don't let her get away."
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Lycoris: "Bullshit, I say! It's impossible for me to be defeated by a familiar that's given to me. For the time being I..."
Aoi: "Do it!"
Cicada: "~~~!!!"
Lycoris: "Crap?! How can it move so fast..."
Lycoris: "Kyaaah!!"
Aoi: "This is what happens when you disobey God. Now ask for His forgiveness."
Lycoris: "Ugh...damn..."
Aoi: "It's not a fatal wound, but it's impossible to continue your fight now. Obediently accept divine judgment."
Lycoris: "Ugh... Certainly, I can't swing the scythe any more it seems...but I cannot be defeated by her!! Waaagh!"
Aoi: "You're ready to die in battle. That's fine, too. I'll defeat you instead. Then you may go and meet your maker."
Lycoris: "Yaaaah!!"
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Cicada: "?!"
Lycoris: "Really, did you believe I would die in battle?! You did, didn't you! It can't be! To hell with it! I'll live to fight another day!!"
Aoi: "You pretended to strike and escaped through to the back. You're not brainless as I thought."
Lycoris: "I don't bite for such a provocation! But, I'll definitely get even with you, so remember that!!"
Cicada: "!!"
Aoi: "Wait. You don't need to follow her."
Cicada: "......"
Aoi: "With that wound, there will be nothing she can do for a while, and she will face the divine justice in time."
Cicada: "......"
Aoi: "Yes. In time, God will offer His salvation to her and she will receive it. Love of God is like that..."
Shuma: "Phew..."
Calen: "Oh, there is Kaede-san and Sakurako-san."
Kaede: "Good morning, Big Brother."
Sakurako: "Good morning, Shuma! What's wrong? You look tired?"
Shuma: "Yes...last night I made too much racket with Calen."
Sakurako: "Ah, yeah, yeah. It's good you're hot for each other. But if you don't do it in moderation, you'll be all dried up."
Shuma: "You're definitely guessing wrong..."
Calen: "Yes, it was indeed a very sultry night♪"
Shuma: "Don't say something to encourage her misunderstanding!"
Kaede: "...?"
Sakurako: "If it's not my misunderstanding, what is it?"
Shuma: "I took Calen for a date at night. I thought there were many things about this country she didn't know yet."
Sakurako: "Boo, what is that? Why didn't you ask me, too? I'm the one who's hung around with Calen the most. Even though she's with you most of the time."
*I'm saying it was a date.*
Kaede: "Wow, I'm envious... A night date sounds fun."
Calen: "It was fun indeed♪ There are so many places where you can have fun at night... It is a wonderful country."
*She dragged me around everywhere and I was really tired...but if Calen enjoyed it...*
Calen: "It will be nice to go with all of us together on the next occasion."
Sakurako: "That's nice. Let's go, let's go!"
Kaede: "Night date with all of us and Big Brother!"
Shuma: "No, no, wait, wait...date with all of you..."
Mari: "It sounds good. Harem date on the streets at night. Just like a vampire."
Shuma: "You are here, Mari..."
*Really, there's no one to put a stop to this group! If I leave them alone, they'll go out of control to the end of the world...*
Shuma: "(Ugh...shoot...what am I gonna do.)"
*During class, an unbearable urge suddenly takes over me.*
*Every girl in the classroom looks tasty and...I feel like attacking them one after another...*
Shuma: "(Crap, I haven't sucked Calen's blood since yesterday... Blood-sucking urge must have reached the limit.)"
Shuma: "(I missed one day and it becomes like this...)"
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "(Hold on, hold on...hold on until the class ends. I must be able to control this much urge...)"
Calen: "I say, Sensei (teacher)...I do not feel well..."
*Calen suddenly raised her hand and said it to the teacher. She sways her head and expresses she's unwell.*
Teacher: "Huh? If you really don't feel good, go to the school nurse's office."
Calen: "So I shall. Shuma-san, will you come with me?"
Shuma: "Eh? Me?"
Shuma: "Are you alright? You're in such good spirits in the morning?"
Calen: "I am. That was an act."
Shuma: "What?"
Calen: "How about you, Shuma-san? Are you alright? Hasn't your urge reached its limit?"
Shuma: "You noticed it... Well, it's not that I can't bear it."
Calen: "You should not strain yourself..."
*Calen looks at me concerned.*
*My eyes are drawn to her translucent fair nape, then to her full breasts and fixate there.*
*Now I see such a delicious prey right in front of me...*
Calen: "*Scream*?!"
*I've embraced Calen before I even know it.*
Shuma: "S-sorry."
Calen: "Oh, wait a moment."
*She puts her arms around me before I move away from her. I smell Calen's scent even stronger and cannot bear it anymore.*
Shuma: "Ca-Calen...I..."
Calen: "It is alright. But we cannot do it here. Please come."
*I follow Calen as she leads me by the hand.*
*I suppress the hunger and enter the infirmary. We can lock it from the inside, so it's perfect.*
Shuma: "Whew, whew."
Calen: "You should have sucked it in the morning."
Shuma: "I forgot...also I thought I would be okay for a day."
*I painfully realize I've come to require sucking blood on a regular basis.*
*And not only the blood-sucking urge, but also man's instinctive desire seethes up and I cannot hold it down.*
Calen: "Please...Shuma-san!"
*Ah, Calen is beautiful. Shinning hair, fair and bright skin, slender and tight body, and boobs that seem to burst.*
*It's so very cute that she noticed my condition, worried about it, and tried to immediately do something about it...*
Shuma: "Waaaaah!!"
Calen: "Eek! P-please do not scream all of a sudden. Someone will hear us."
Shuma: "Whew, no... I'm so horny. Just sucking blood won't calm me down."
Calen: "Are you so excited?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I really wanna make a mess of you..."
Calen: "I am alright. As long as it is done by you, I can take anything. That is a wife's duty!"
====================E-KL02_02H_N.TXT====================
Shuma: "Oh yeah!!"
Calen: "So please calm down!"
*................*
====================E-KL02_03.TXT====================
*Thanks to sucking plenty of Calen's blood, I feel very good today.*
*The sunset's glow over the horizon looks like a yummy blood color...*
*Day by day I've been losing resistance to becoming more of a vampire... While I'm afraid of it, I feel somewhere deep inside me has been enjoying the transformation.*
Calen: "How do you feel, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Good. Thanks, Calen."
Calen: "I am glad that I fulfilled your wife's duty..."
*Calen narrows her eyes as if the light was utterly blinding.*
Calen: "Ugh...vexing sunlight."
Shuma: "Calen? What's wrong?"
Calen: "I-I am fine. Nothing is wrong with me."
Shuma: "Aren't you having cold sweats? Are you sick...?"
Calen: "Please do not worry. Once I rest a little, I will be fine."
*Even though she said so...I haven't seen Calen feel sick... I worry.*
*As I thought...she is a vampire directly descended from a progenitor, but her body is affected if she doesn't suck blood for too long a time.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, your concern is unnecessary."
Shuma: "No...but..."
Calen: "I said I am fine. Unlike an unsatisfactory vampire like you, Shuma-san, I am a mature one!"
Shuma: "...Don't take any chances."
Calen: "Please be concerned not about me, but your own body. It would be awful if you were to attack a girl in class."
Shuma: "......"
*I wish Lycoris would cause trouble soon... Suddenly this thought pops up into my mind.*
Shuma: "Then, let's go home now."
Calen: "Yes. That would be better...as we have been watched again as usual."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Calen: "Truly, such a persistent woman."
*I look around all over and cannot find Aoi, but surely...I feel a strange gaze and presence.*
*Since I just enjoyed Calen's blood, my vampire ability seems to get sharper.*
Shuma: "Why does Aoi keep a watch on us so much?"
Calen: "She is a human from the Rubina who hates vampires. It is no surprise that she is alert to the marriage of the the progenitors' direct descendants."
Shuma: "I see...but don't you think there must be some reason that she suddenly tightens her watch?"
Calen: "She might have received new instructions from the Rubina. Such as, she should target Shuma-san and I..."
Shuma: "......"
*I've wanted to be friendly with Aoi, but now that I have this close relationship with Calen, I can't turn back, I guess...*
Calen: "What is your plan after school, Sakurako-san?"
Sakurako: "Hmm...what am I going to do?"
Sakurako: "Oh, that's it! Kaede-chan was saying that there's this delicious pancake shop..."
Calen: "Oh, that sounds wonderful. I've been longing to visit boulangeries in Japan♪"
Calen: "In supermarkets, all we see is standard baguettes and pain de mie... I wonder if they have tarte and mille crepes in specialty stores."
*Sakurako*
*Pain de mie? Boulangeries?"*
Mari: "Pain de mie is called shokupan (bread loaf) in Japan. Baguette is furansu pan (french bread) and boulangerie is panya (bakery)."
Sakurako: "Wow, they are...so good! Exactly like a lady from Europe!"
Shuma: "Say them in Japanese from the beginning, in Japanese."
Sakurako: "Huh? Isn't your phone ringing?"
Shuma: "Well..."
*I take my mobile out from a pocket and find it's a call from Aoi.*
*It's unusual for Aoi to call me. I wonder if something's happened, or...*
*While I can't decide whether to answer it or not...Sakurako, who is looking in, tilts her head and says...*
Sakurako: "If it's from Aoi, why don't you answer? Did you have a fight?"
Shuma: "A fight or more like...well, we're always kind of having a fight."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Say something..."
Calen: "It is a call for you, Shuma-san, so I do not know."
Sakurako: "Something happened?"
*Sakurako knows about Lycoris, but she doesn't know what Aoi has been doing.*
*If I explain it to her, it will take time for her to understand. It took time for me to grasp the situation, too...*
Sakurako: "I don't understand it very much, but if it's hard for you to answer, should I?"
Shuma: "Th-that... Alright, I'll answer."
*If Sakurako answers, things will be complicated, and it's not that she would chew me out just because I answer her call.*
*I nervously answer her call.*
Aoi: "Oh, you answered. Good. I thought you were ignoring me."
Shuma: "Eh, what...? You're finally ready to put me down, or you want to have a one-on-one fight with me or something like that?"
Aoi: "Huh? Don't be stupid. Lycoris, Lycoris."
Shuma: "Lycoris? Did you find her?"
Aoi: "I'm chasing her now. Can you get over here?"
Shuma: "Y-yeah... Where are you?"
Aoi: "At the usual park..."
*She says this and hangs up.*
Shuma: "......"
Sakurako: "What? What happened?"
Shuma: "Well...Calen?"
Calen: "I will not go♪"
Shuma: "I...see..."
Calen: "Unlike the other day, when you lacked life force, you have enough energy to make a good escape right now, I suppose."
Calen: "Therefore, I will not accompany you♪"
Shuma: "Oh, alright, alright."
Mari: "You will skip afternoon classes. Then, I will give the teachers a suitable excuse for it."
*Heartless, you all!*
Sakurako: "Did something happen to Aoi? Is there anything I can do?"
Shuma: "No...I'm okay by myself. I don't know what happened but it'll be alright."
Sakurako: "If I go, I'll just slow you down..."
Shuma: "Your thought is enough. It makes me happy."
Sakurako: "Shuma, please be careful..."
Calen: "......"
*It is still bright but...*
*Why is Shuma-san so concerned about Aoi-san?*
*Is it because they are the same, humans? The weaker the creatures are, the stronger the bond becomes among the group. Is it an instinct rather than the knowledge to live...*
*But Shuma-san...you are already a vampire and my fiance...*
*For your future, I think it is better not to be involved with humans so much...*
Sakurako: "Phew, I'm satisfied... It was delicious♪"
Kaede: "Sweet, soft and a little tart with strawberries... My cheeks felt as if they would melt away♪"
Calen: "The simple taste of apple brioche was wonderful."
Mari: "I've learned a lot... I must learn how to cook them..."
Calen: "Well then, it is getting dark. Shall we go home?"
Calen: "Mari-san, would you take Kaede to her home."
Mari: "Yes, ma'am."
Kaede: "Eh? Oh, I'm okay. I can go home by myself!"
Calen: "No, you can not. Recently, it is not safe."
Sakurako: "Come to think of it, Shuma hasn't contacted us. I hope he's okay..."
Calen: "Do not worry about Shuma-san now."
Sakurako: "But I still kind of worry..."
Calen: "......"
Calen: "He is not here..."
Sakurako: "I wonder if he went home already."
Sakurako: "Seriously, it doesn't hurt to contact us... Not to me, but at least he should call you!"
Calen: "But, I rarely call Shuma-san, too..."
Sakurako: "What's that! I've been wondering for a while. It's the perfect time now so I'll ask you..."
Calen: "Sakurako-san?"
Sakurako: "It's like, you are his fiancee but you don't really look so, I mean...you don't look like lovers, really..."
Calen: "Huh? We do not look like lovers?"
Sakurako: "I mean, I feel you are both overworking yourself. It's like, both you and Shuma are not natural..."
*I've been walking around the school, sticking to Shuma-san so much... I am always with him to and from the school...*
*I really do not comprehend humans...*
Sakurako: "You said you canceled your engagement once, right? Aren't you getting along very well with Shuma?"
Calen: "I think we have been getting along well recently."
Calen: "However...now that you mentioned it, I am not so sure."
Sakurako: "*Sigh*... Seriously, Shuma...he is not reliable."
Calen: "To be honest...I do not understand what Shuma-san is thinking more often than not."
Sakurako: "Hmm, it's not like I know all about Shuma, but we've known each other for a long time."
Calen: "......"
Sakurako: "Then, whenever you are in trouble with him, reach out to me and ask. I think I know him well enough."
Calen: "...Is that alright with you?"
Sakurako: "Of course! We're friends, aren't we? Hehe♪"
Calen: "......"
*Sakurako-san... Why is she so concerned about me?*
*Is it usual to be friendly with those whom you have met recently in human relationships? Is this why Shuma-san is concerned about Aoi-san?*
Sakurako: "Huh? Did I say something weird?"
Calen: "N-no... In that case, when I am in trouble, I will consult with you. Well...thank you."
Sakurako: "It's all dark now. We must really go home..."
Calen: "...!"
Sakurako: "What's wrong, Calen? You suddenly stopped..."
Calen: "Sakurako-san, stay back!"
Cicada: "~~~!!"
Sakurako: "What the...what is this? Is this...a monster...?"
Calen: "This is what they call a phantom. An odd familiar... I wonder if it belongs to Lady Pumla."
Cicada: "~~~!!!"
Sakurako: "Eek?! It hurts! My ears... What's this sound?!"
Calen: "Is that...high frequency waves? Still, they can shake the ground and create a whirlwind. Oh no, these are such lovely uniforms, but now the dust..."
Cicada: "OFFER YOUR...BLOOD AND MEAT TO ME...! OFFER, BLOOD, MEAT, BLOOD, MEAT! BLOOD! MEAT! BLOOOOOOOD!!"
Calen: "Oh my, it can talk."
Calen: "However its way of talking is vulgar. After all, simply an odd familiar. It was created extremely poorly. Even if it is disposable."
Sakurako: "C-Calen, are you alright? That monster... Is it better to escape?"
Calen: "Do not worry. It will not be able to lay a finger on either of us."
Calen: "To the foolish, odd familiar that's forgotten its position and attacked me... I shall teach you the difference as a reminder!"
Calen: "Empress Strings... They will lead you to one of two options: withdraw, or be smashed up... I will let you choose..."
Cicada: "BLOOD, BLOOOOOOD!!"
Calen: "Well, it cannot be helped... Take the red thread that has sucked many lives and blood!"
Calen: "Bloody Thread!!"
Cicada: "~~~~!!!"
Calen: "?!"
Calen: "Did it cut my Empress Strings? I see. It is not soft thread that can be severed so easily, but these arms and high frequencies seem to be the crux."
Sakurako: "E-eh?! W-what's going on?!"
Calen: "Please stay away, Sakurako-san. I am fine. However it seems I will have to be a little violent."
Sakurako: "What?! Re-really okay?! Let's just leave it and run away!"
Calen: "No... It is silly to escape from an opponent when there is no need to do so. Please stay away a little. This will be finished soon enough...!"
Sakurako: "C-Calen..."
Cicada: "GRRRRR... OFFER YOUR BODY, LIFE, BLOOD, MEAT, MEAT! BLOOD, MEAT BLOOOD MEEEEEEEEAT!!"
Calen: "Do not worry. If you are frightened, please close your eyes and face down for a while...!"
Cicada: "GRRRRRRR!!"
Calen: "Vulgar! Do not come near me!"
Calen: "Bloody Thread!!"
Cicada: "NO USE!!"
Calen: "We do not know until we try!"
Cicada: "NO USE, NO USE, NO USSSSSSSSSE!!"
Calen: "What an offensive noise! It is like a bug close to my ear!"
Cicada: "WOHHHHHHHH!!!"
Cicada: "NO USE HOW MANY TIMES YOU TRY...GIVE ME BLOOD!!"
Calen: "Hmph. What an ill-mannered phantom. Just as I would expect from Lady Pumila's familiar. However, it seems you are correct."
Cicada: "GRRRRRR..."
Calen: "You are drooling too. Do you want to have my blood and flesh so much? How wretched."
Cicada: "GIVE ME BLOOD, MEAT! GRRRRR!!"
Calen: "Then I will give them to you... Did you think I would say that? Hah!"
Cicada: "I SAID NO USE!"
Calen: "Do you really think it is useless?"
Cicada: "WHAT...?!"
Calen: "Your body is completely off guard!!"
Cicada: "GRRRRR...?!"
Calen: "Oh dear, how cruel you are to leave me in a hurry. Apparently, you are not good at close combat, are you? I was kind enough to be close to you."
Cicada: "GGGGG..."
Calen: "A weak woman and her weapon is steel strings. Did you think my strikes would be weak, too? I am sorry. I am a vampire, such as I am. I will not be outdone by a wretched phantom."
Calen: "Still, such a miserable phantom. You are struck by a fragile girl and fainting in agony. You are an insufferable vampire familiar."
Calen: "Well, Lady Pumila's familiar is only that much I suppose. Hehehe!"
Cicada: "GRR...GRRRRR!!"
Calen: "Oh dear. You get affected by such an easy taunting. However, do you expect I will let you do as you like? Hmph!"
Cicada: "GHOH?!"
Calen: "Oh my. I did warn you. Your defense is getting weak again?"
Cicada: "!!"
Cicada: "GHAAAAAH!! GHOHHHH!!"
Calen: "Well, you do not pull back this time. I wonder if you have noticed that you stand no chance of winning unless it is close combat?"
Cicada: "GRRRRR!!!"
Calen: "However, you are overly optimistic!!"
Cicada: "?!"
Calen: "In this way, I can receive your attacks. One string is weak, but once you bundle them up in layers, they become strong... Is it impossible to figure out this much?"
Cicada: "...UGAAAAHHHH!!"
Calen: "What...?! What is the source of these high frequency waves...?!"
Cicada: "GAAAAAAHHH!!!!"
**
Calen: "!!"
Cicada: "DO NOT ESCAPE!!"
Calen: "Ugh...it was a little close."
Cicada: "GRRRRR...!!"
Calen: "Do not raise such a mortified voice. Anyhow, now I see. It is an ability to vibrate the arms at super high speed, and cut through things despite how hard they are."
Cicada: "GRRRRR! BLOOD! SUCK! MEAT! DEVOUR! GIVE ME! BLOOD! MEEEEAT!!"
Calen: "I am tired of listening. However..."
Cicada: "UGAAAAHH!!"
Calen: "Ugh! It looks impossible to hold an attack with steel strings for very long, no matter how many bundles I create."
Calen: "In that case, I must exchange blows with it..."
Cicada: "BLOOD! MEAT!!"
Calen: "...It is not my taste. However..."
Calen: "...Against Lady Pumila's familiar...I am quite happy too..."
Cicada: "DO NOT ESCAPE! LET ME EAT!!"
Calen: "I refuse!!"
Cicada: "UGH?!"
Calen: "This is the third time. I wonder how many times you can bear my strikes? Hmph!"
Cicada: "GHAAAH! UGHAAAAHHH!!"
Calen: "Hurts?! What an annoying noise...!"
Cicada: "GAAAAAAAH!!"
Calen: "Even if it is annoying, I can avoid an attack of that degree!"
Calen: "Then, as you wish, one more strike!"
Cicada: "GRRRRRRRR!"
Calen: "?!"
Calen: "Ugh... Well, you can super-vibrate not only your arms, but also your body... Oh, no. My right hand is wounded..."
Cicada: "HEHEHE...LET ME EAT..."
Calen: "Now you play with your best cards, I suppose... Quite a laugh as if you can afford it. However, do you think I will be overpowered by it?"
Cicada: "LET ME EAT!!"
Calen: "It is praying to deaf ears...no, it is preaching to phantom's ears, I say. Such a joke... I cannot laugh at it any longer."
Calen: "I will make you regret that you have angered me...!!"
Cicada: "NO USE, NO UUUSE!!"
Calen: "How vexing!!"
Cicada: "GHAAAAAH?!"
Calen: "Even if you can cut through layered steel strings, you can do nothing as long as I use them in a moment of strike. How is the taste of my fist wrapped in steel strings?"
Cicada: "GOOOOO...GRRRRR!!!"
Calen: "Right. If I let you go now, it will not give me relief. As you wish, I shall mince you up with my fist...!"
Cicada: "GRRRRR!!!"
Calen: "Hah!"
Calen: "More, more...break into pieces, grind up its flesh..."
Cicada: "GR...GRRRR..."
Calen: "Do not evade...you, sacrifice. Pumila's life force..I will grind it up..."
Cicada: "GRRRRR! UGHAAAAAH!"
Calen: "...Run away..."
Calen: "......"
Calen: "...Not enough. Life force...destroy it..."
Sakurako: "C-Calen...? That monster, did it run away...?"
Sakurako: "Oh no, Calen?! Bleeding..."
Calen: "...Going to destroy it..."
Sakurako: "Eek...?!"
Calen: "Destroy..."
Sakurako: "Ca...Calen..."
Calen: "......"
Calen: "...Oh. Sakurako-san."
Sakurako: "Eek...oh...no, nooo! Don't come close...!"
Calen: "Sakurako-san...?"
Sakurako: "A-aw...ah, I'm afraid..."
Calen: "Sakurako-san, the phantom is gone now so..."
Sakurako: "S-sorry... D-don't come near me... P-please..."
Calen: "Sakurako-san..."
*I protected Sakurako-san, but then why is she frightened so much? Is it because I am a vampire...?*
Calen: "It is safe now..."
Sakurako: "*Groan*..."
*Or...is it because of another reason...?*
Mari: "Ah...Lady Calen-san? Sakurako-san?"
Calen: "Mari-san...would you carry in Sakurako-san?"
Mari: "Y-yes... What happened?"
Calen: "We were attacked by Lycoris-san's minion. How about Shuma-san?"
Mari: "He is back just now. It seems he couldn't find Lycoris-san."
Shuma: "What happened? What the...? Sakurako! Are you alright!"
*In the moment I see a senseless Sakurako, who is held up by Mari, a chill runs down my spine. I run to her and check if she's breathing.*
Calen: "She is simply unconscious..."
*Sakurako's clothes are dirty with dust everywhere. But it seems she doesn't have external injuries.*
*Seeing Sakurako lying down on the sofa and sleeping peacefully, I'm relieved for the time being.*
Shuma: "Did Lycoris do this?"
Calen: "I-I...have not done anything horrible to Sakurako-san!"
Shuma: "H-hey, w-what are you saying? Calen, no one said you did something..."
Calen: "Lycoris-san's...Lady Pumila's familiar phantom attacked us and I simply fought it off! I told her to hide herself so that she would not be injured..."
Calen: "That was it...I have done nothing, nothing to Sakurako-san!"
Shuma: "A-alright. I am not suspicious of you. There is no reason for you attack Sakurako. I can't even imagine that. So calm down."
Calen: "Hell...because of Lady Pumila...I will never forgive her...!"
Shuma: "Calen...?"
Shuma: "Oh, hey! Calen, where are you going?!"
*A raging mad Calen heads to the entrance and storms out of the house.*
Shuma: "Wait... I guess she's gone."
*It'll be difficult to catch up with Calen who ran out of the house, even though I think there won't be much danger if she's alone...*
Mari: "I don't think I've ever seen Lady Calen so angry."
Shuma: "...No, that's not really anger, more like..."
*Somehow, she seemed to be lost...*
Mari: "...?"
Shuma: "......"
*However hard I think about it, it's impossible to know Calen's heart, but still I'm concerned...*
Shuma: "I hope nothing will happen..."
*What am I doing? Even if I aimlessly search for her...it is impossible to find Lycoris-san.*
*Much less Lady Pumila... This is useless. Wandering around like this is sure to be useless.*
Calen: "Then...why am I doing this...?"
Calen: "......"
*I ran quite quickly but of course I am not out of breath. Because, I am a vampire.*
Calen: "I am a vampire..."
*...If I say so myself, I horribly lost composure...*
Calen: "...I must apologize to Shuma-san later. However..."
*Setting that aside, the matter is an original cause. I frightened Sakurako-san...*
Calen: "...I certainly lost myself back there. Even now, I know what happened only slightly..."
*As if looking through a frosted glass, it is unrealistic but...certainly I tried to grind up Lady Pumila's familiar...*
Calen: "That is possibly the reason why Sakurako-san was frightened..."
*First of all...what was I doing back there...?*
Calen: "...An urge as a vampire? No, unlike Shuma-san, I do not need to suppress it... Then...?"
*Then...I was...*
Calen: "...It is irritating not to understand myself. At a time like this, I wish Lady Pumla, Lycoris-san, a familiar, or anyone would show up..."
*If they were to, I would be able to relieve these pent-up feelings...*
Calen: "It is IRRITATING!!"
Shuma: "J-just calm down!"
*Calen, who sneaked back at night after running out of the house, stays this way in school today.*
Sakurako: "*Panic*... C-c-c-calm down Calen!"
*And Sakurako, who was brought to my house unconsciously by Calen and returned to her home, is very much perplexed.*
*Yesterday, she seemed to be attacked by the phantom with Calen, but whether that part of her memory has turned vague or been erased... Well, in any case, she's the usual Sakurako.*
Calen: "*Upset*."
Mari: "Lady Calen, she has been in a bad mood since yesterday."
Shuma: "What does a maid do at a time like this? When a master or guest is raging mad."
Mari: "I leave them. Because if they do it at all, they take it out on us maids. I don't want that."
Shuma: "Will that really do, maid...?"
*Right at this second, your master is at a loss with his guest's anger...*
Sakurako: "Sheesh. What's wrong with Calen today. She's been in a bad mood since morning."
Shuma: "Don't ask me..."
*I'm the one who wants to know why.*
Sakurako: "Hey, did I do something wrong? If so, tell me. It's bad of me not to notice, but I don't want you to hate me because of it."
Calen: "Ugh... Sakurako-san, you have nothing to do with it. It is a different issue that I cannot stomach."
Shuma: "Stomach? Your stomach is getting in our way."
Calen: "How rude! My stomach does not stick out!"
Sakurako: "Right! Neither does mine!"
Shuma: "If you keep drinking mayonnaise, it will be out in no time, I think."
Mari: "Do we need mayonnaise? If you like, to flee from this place, I'll run around and collect as much mayonnaise as I can find."
Shuma: "Your real motive is leaking out big time."
Sakurako: "Mayonnaise is innocent! Even though I want mayonnaise!"
*You want it...even under this circumstance.*
Calen: "Ahhhh! I cannot find Lycoris-san, and Lady Pumila's phantom has been acting as it pleases... It is irritating!"
Shuma: "So calm down?"
*What's up with her anyway...? It's as she says and I feel impatient, too. But we cannot do anything about it right now.*
Calen: "I have been so irritated that I am thirsty!"
Sakurako: "Ah! Then, I'll go and buy tomato juice to return the favor! I'll go now!"
*Return the favor? Didn't Calen erase her memory or did it partially... Anyway, she remembers that she was saved...*
Shuma: "Even so, you show your irritation a bit too much..."
Calen: "Hmph..."
Mari: "Far from Lady Calen, far from anger."
*I wonder. This is the first time Calen has shown this much irritation. It's like, she has some serious issue which is more than she can handle.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen..."
*Anyway, nothing good will come out of it if I let her keep being irritated. I'm not Mari, so if I can relieve her by taking her irritation...*
Sakurako: "KYAAAAAH!!!"
Shuma: "What...?!"
Mari: "What is that?!"
Calen: "Sakurako-san...!!"
Shuma: "Wait, Calen! Mari, let's go!!"
Shuma: "Sakurako! Calen!!"
*As I run through the corridor where the scream echoed and reach its source, I find Sakurako slumped down on the floor, Calen looking around and Aoi sitting by Sakurako.*
Shuma: "What happened, Sakurako, Aoi?!"
Sakurako: "*Groan*..."
Shuma: "Aoi?!"
Aoi: "It caught me off guard... It's gone though. I didn't expect an attack would come in a place like this."
Calen: "...It seems it is not around here any longer. I do not feel any presence."
Shuma: "What happened?!"
Aoi: "Sakurako was suddenly attacked. I happened to be close, so I chased it away..."
Shuma: "No kidding... Did Lycoris attack her...?!"
Aoi: "No, it wasn't Lycoris but like, some kind of monster..."
Calen: "Probably, Lady Pumila's familiar. A sort of phantom it is..."
*While saying that, Calen doesn't relax her guard. It looks, rather, that she's constantly keeping watch...*
Calen: "I cannot believe it attacked Sakurako-san again...!"
Sakurako: "*Groan*..."
*After giving a glance at Sakurako, who's crouching down, frightened and can't move, she seems to shoot a hostile look around her and then at Iris who is far away.*
Shuma: "...In any case, Sakurako is targeted...I guess? I'm not sure but...if they are willing to attack her on campus, we must be on guard."
Mari: "Right. But I didn't feel any indication..."
Shuma: "Anyway, Sakurako. Never be alone...even on campus. Me, Mari, Calen, whoever it is, please be with someone."
Sakurako: "Y-yeah..."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Okay, let's go home..."
Sakurako: "Well...I'm targeted, right?"
Shuma: "I believe so. You'd better come home with us for a while."
Sakurako: "Okay...thank you, Shuma."
Shuma: "Don't mention it. When you think about it, I'm the cause, I mean, you're having trouble because of me..."
Shuma: "Mari, where's Calen?"
Mari: "She left by herself. She said she'd like to be alone."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Something has been wrong with Lady Calen since yesterday. What should we do?"
Shuma: "If she said she wanted to be alone, I think it's better to let her be but..."
Shuma: "I have a bad feeling about this. We still have the problem of Lycoris... What is Iris planning...?"
Calen: "...I wonder what this means?"
Calen: "Are you after me? You are targeting Sakurako-san, are you not? You further confound me."
Cicada: "GRRRR...BLOOD...MEAT..."
Calen: "That again? I am quite bored with it. Can you say something more clear? For example..."
Calen: "...The purpose of Lady Pumila..."
Cicada: "GRRRRR!! GIVE ME YOUR BLOOD! LET ME DEVOUR YOUR MEAT!!"
Calen: "*Sigh*... It seems to be a waste saying anything. Then, you are going to prey on me after Sakurako-san, correct?"
Cicada: "GRRRRRRR!!"
Calen: "Fine... I am just looking for a place to release my irritation. You shall bear my company!"
Calen: "I shall not let you go as I did last time!"
Cicada: "OHHHHHHH!!"
Calen: "Wonderful...resist more...! The more you do so, the more worthwhile it is...!"
Cicada: "GAAAAAAAH!!"
Calen: "You did better than last time but...you are still soft!"
Cicada: "GHAAAAAH?!"
Calen: "Caught you... I will gouge out your ribs...!"
Cicada: "GRRRR...GHAAAAAAH!!"
Calen: "Such protection, I will bite that off along with it!"
Cicada: "GBOOOOO, GHAAAAH!"
Calen: "Disappear. Pumila's familiar. Along with that odious life force!"
Cicada: "GHAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!"
Calen: "*Evil laugh*... What is wrong? Are you done already? Or will you run away? Do you think I will allow it? Now, how shall I make you disappear...?"
Cicada: "GHAA...AAAH...GOHHHH..."
Calen: "*Evil laugh*... Disappear. Pumila's familiar. To destroy it all, I am―"
Shuma: "What's going on?!"
Mari: "You can ask me, but I don't know!"
Shuma: "Damn! Calen, what's happening...!"
*Calen's strong aura has been spread around, and even I can sense some kind of disaster is happening. I run toward the sound of roaring where I sense her presence.*
Shuma: "Damn, her presence is too strong... Mari! Calen is this way?!"
Mari: "I think so!"
Shuma: "Is something attacking her...?! Or..."
*I don't understand. What I don't understand is, Calen's presence is different from usual.*
*I'm running out of breath, but as I am exposed to this presence, I'm getting goosebumps.*
Shuma: "So many things I don't understand...!"
*During the day, Sakurako was attacked. I guess last night too the same thing happened and Calen saved her. Then why, tonight, is Calen...?*
Shuma: "...!"
*Anyway, I feel the only way to get an answer is to reach Calen, so I increase my running speed.*
Shuma: "There...!!"
*I find Calen and the situation she is in. The sight of her fighting with a monster jumps into my eyes.*
Calen: "*Evil laugh*... Disappear. Pumila's familiar. To destroy it all, I am―"
Shuma: "Calen!!"
Calen: "?!"
Cicada: "GRRRRRR..."
Shuma: "Cale...n...?"
*I find Calen and shout to her. But I'm at a loss for words when I look at her carefully.*
Shuma: "You...what's...that...? No, are you...Calen...?"
Calen: "...Shuma...san...?"
*Calen's hands, with which she's been pummeling the monster, are only slightly wrapped by split and torn steel strings. Fresh blood keeps dripping out.*
*The monster is beaten severely and its body damaged everywhere. But then I realize the blood which is splattered over its pitiful body belongs to Calen.*
*However, what strikes me speechless is not the horrible sight, but the expression on Calen's face.*
Mari: "Lady Ca...Calen...?"
*Even Mari is at a loss for words. There's a glimpse of insanity that lurks in her eyes, in her empty look. It makes those previous goosebumps disappear and my hair stand on end.*
*She barely called my name, but Calen's face looks so blank that it's hard to believe she's delivered such horrifying attacks until just now.*
Cicada: "GOHHHH...GHAAAH...!!"
Mari: "Ah!! It's going to escape!!"
Shuma: "...Calen!"
*Mari mentions the monster's escape but I don't feel like chasing it. I check Calen's expressionless face while she looks in my direction.*
Calen: "...What?"
*As I do so, Calen's facial expression slowly comes back.*
Calen: "...Shuma...san? Mari-san... What is the matter?"
Shuma: "Calen... Don't you remember?"
*As I exchange words with her, I suddenly notice her presence is back to normal... Then what was that before? What was that blank, expressionless Calen?*
Calen: "Remember? Oh, no... If I am not mistaken, the phantom attacked me and...that is! Where is it?!"
Mari: "It's already gone..."
Calen: "Ugh...I see. I cannot believe I failed twice..."
Shuma: "...Was it the same one that attacked Sakurako and Calen yesterday? Then, it probably attacked Sakurako during day time, too..."
*While saying that, I check Calen. Her previous and clearly abnormal state seems to have disappeared.*
*But...even so, I can't ignore it.*
Shuma: "Then...what were you doing just now, Calen?"
Calen: "Just now...you say?"
Shuma: "Seriously, you don't remember? Your hands..."
Calen: "Hands?"
*Urged by my words, she looks at her hands soaked with the monster's and her own blood...*
Calen: "W-what is this...? Oh...I remember...no, I remember slightly, but...it cannot be, I..."
Shuma: "Calen?"
*Suddenly she has a frightened look on her face and she shrinks with her arms around her body.*
Calen: "I...what have I been doing...? Oh...my hands are soaked with so much blood..."
Shuma: "...Probably, you hit the monster with your bare hands. It seemed you wrapped steel strings around them, so they're in that condition...and the monster was hit many times making it a lot weaker..."
*I'm surprised that Calen has this physical ability, and I can't imagine she'd ever try to kill by punching. But the facts before me, tell me otherwise...*
Calen: "Why...did I do such a thing...? Why, why...?"
Shuma: "Calen..."
*I don't know what to say to Calen who is perplexed. First I thought it was her characteristic as a vampire, but Calen herself seems not to know it...*
Shuma: "...Calen!"
*Anyway, I can't leave Calen as she is now. In the moment I step forward so that I can be close and calm her down...*
Calen: "Don't..."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Calen: "...Please. I am sorry, Shuma-san."
*Calm as she usually is, but it's clear that she's refused my coming close.*
Shuma: "Calen..."
Calen: "...Please leave me alone for a while..."
Shuma: "But, the monster is still out..."
Mari: "...She's gone."
*Without listening to me, Calen has flown away.*
Shuma: "What is going on, really...?"
Sakurako: "Shuma! Calen...? Where is Calen?"
Shuma: "Calen is...alright for the time being, but she said she has some business to take care of."
*Although I returned to Sakurako who was hiding, I have to give an evasive answer to her question.*
Sakurako: "B-but! She wasn't normal! Something happened to Calen, didn't it?!"
Mari: "That..."
Shuma: "No, Calen is alright. Don't worry."
*I cut off Mari and say it again to make sure.*
Sakurako: "Is that...so...?"
Shuma: "She is alright. Please, believe in Calen."
Sakurako: "Yes...I do. No, I believed in her..."
Mari: "Master. I think it's better to take Sakurako home now."
*Mari chimes in at a good time. Even if Calen drove off the monster, we should keep our guard up for sure.*
Shuma: "Right."
Sakurako: "Yes..."
*After bringing Sakurako home, I attempt to contact Aoi but...*
Shuma: "Aoi, she doesn't answer. I wonder what's up."
*I hang up the phone and look up at the night sky.*
Shuma: "But we didn't decide that I'd go around with Aoi. She might have something to take care of..."
*It's not right to depend on Aoi too much. Now that Sakurako has been attacked too, Aoi may have something to consider.*
Shuma: "If that's the case, it doesn't hurt to let me know..."
*...The wall between Aoi and me is still high. Probably, nothing can be done since we are enemies.*
Shuma: "Now..."
*It would be trouble if anything happens to Sakurako, so I asked Mari to guard her house.*
Shuma: "First, let's find Calen."
*I need to search for Lycoris, but first is Calen, who still hadn't returned after we came back from taking Sakurako home.*
*Not just because of her fighting power, I can't help being concerned about her. I gave her priority over Sakurako, but Calen was not normal either.*
Shuma: "Alright, then..."
*To search for Calen's presence, I close my eyes and sharpen my intuition...*
Shuma: "...There she is."
*She's not so far away.*
Lotus: "Finally, you are able to search for presence quite easily."
Shuma: "Whoa?! Su-surprised... Don't talk to me out of the blue like that, Dad."
*Come to think of it, I've completely forgotten about him because of recent trouble.*
Lotus: "Don't say such a heartless thing. Well, anyway, we do worry about Calen-chan, don't we?"
Shuma: "Is that...something like her vampire senses have awakened?"
*Questions keep coming up with no end, but for the time being I ask him about the matter at hand. He is like this now, but was the progenitor of the vampires. He might know something.*
Lotus: "No, I don't feel that is the case. It is like the air is different."
Shuma: "...What's that? Pretty vague, isn't it?"
Lotus: "Even if you ask me, it can't be helped because that is what I felt myself. I am certain that it is not of vampires."
Shuma: "Then, what is it...?"
*If Dad has no idea, however much I think about it, nothing can be done.*
Lotus: "If you don't know..."
Shuma: "...Yeah. You must find it out on your own. But also..."
Shuma: "Because of that, she may not be able to come back home, even if she wants to. Then..."
*Then, it's my job to go and pick her up.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa... I found you."
*When I reach the location, Calen is standing all alone.*
Shuma: "...Calen!"
Calen: "Oh...Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "Such a bad girl. You stay out and play around this late. Well, I'm as guilty as you because I'm out like this too."
*Considering her worry, I try my best not to think about it then talk to her...*
Calen: "...That is right. We must find Lycoris-san."
*...She doesn't even accept my joke.*
Calen: "Then, I'll search over there. So, see you later..."
Shuma: "Hey, wait, Calen!"
*I call out in a hurry and stop Calen who is about to fly away.*
Calen: "...Mari-san and Aoi-san are not with us, are they not? Guarding Sakurako-san...are they not? Then, it is more efficient that we separate?"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*She counters with a fair argument. And yet, I can't help but feel this counter is not like Calen's.*
Shuma: "First of all, Aoi doesn't join us today. I asked Mari to watch Sakurako's house for sure. But that has nothing to do with this."
Calen: "It does. It is better to separate..."
Shuma: "Why are you avoiding me?"
Calen: "...!"
Shuma: "About last night too, you tell me nothing except Sakurako was attacked and you saved her..."
Shuma: "Is something...up? Won't you talk about it? I may not be dependable but I want to help you..."
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "Please, Calen. I know something is not right with you and if you worry about it... I don't want to see you having a face like that."
Calen: "...Why do you refuse to leave me alone?"
*She drops her shoulders as if giving up, whispers, and then turns to me.*
*It seems she doesn't mean to fly away to escape from me, but she doesn't look into my face, and her gaze is wandering around her feet.*
Calen: "...But I cause trouble for you..."
Shuma: "Nothing wrong to cause me trouble."
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
*With these words, she finally looks at me. Her eyes...seem to be slightly damp with tears...*
Calen: "I... I..."
*I gently approach Calen who tries to squeeze out the voice that refuses to come out.*
Calen: "I am frightened of myself... This sort of thing has never happened before..."
Shuma: "Frightened?"
Calen: "I cannot...control myself... Because of it, I frightened Sakurako-san, too..."
Shuma: "What do you mean...?"
*Last night Calen supposedly defended Sakurako. But, she says she frightened her... Doesn't it mean Sakurako saw the display of the battle and was scared of the battle itself?*
*So she made Sakurako's memory ambiguous...*
Calen: "Anger against the phantom and Lady Pumila...welled up and I couldn't control it any longer. Then, when I came to my senses, my hands were covered with blood..."
Calen: "They tried to harm Sakurako-san and attacked her... I cannot forgive them. And when I see them before me, I cannot think any more...!"
Shuma: "Do you forget yourself...with anger?"
Calen: "I think so... That is why I was searching for enemies...to vent this feeling..."
Calen: "However...anger within me frightened Sakurako-san so much... I am frightened of myself, I who forget myself with anger...!"
Calen: "I feel that anger transforms me into someone else... If that happens, Sakurako-san will not talk to me with a smile on her face ever again..."
Shuma: "Because you don't want to show yourself like that to Sakurako, you tried to stay away from her. But...why are you doing the same to me, too?
Calen: "That..."
*Calen hesitates a moment and tries to move away from me. But I don't allow it.*
Shuma: "Don't go..."
Calen: "Ah..."
*I grip Calen's hand as she tries to move away.*
Shuma: "I won't let you go until you explain it to me."
*Calen probably knows the reason she's avoiding me. Still, I can't allow her run away like this.*
Shuma: "Maybe, you're not thinking you'll cause trouble to me too, are you?"
*Of course, I will make every effort in the form of following up on Sakurako. But she shakes her head at my assumption.*
Calen: "No...the reason I tried to run away from you is...I am too ashamed to look you in the face."
Shuma: "Ashamed?"
Calen: "I have realized...the irritation of not being able to control my own self. And also the fear of frightening people around you because of it..."
Calen: "That is...come to think of it, exactly the same situation you were put into, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*What she says is definitely the case.*
Calen: "However, I...not knowing how much you were suffering, forced you to be a progenitor...I am too ashamed to look you in the face, indeed."
Calen: "I am sorry, Shuma-san... I could not realize your suffering until this happened to me..."
*Because of it, she's too ashamed to look me in the face...? These words wouldn't ever come out of the previous Calen. I wonder if she's been changing since being with me.*
Shuma: "...Thank you, Calen."
Calen: "What...?"
Calen: "W-why do you thank me...? I have done whatever I pleased without realizing your feelings..."
Shuma: "But you did realize my feelings and apologized to me, right? That makes me happy enough."
Calen: "Shuma-san...I feel saved by hearing you say so...but..."
Shuma: "Huh?"
*However, in spite of my words, Calen clouds her face even further.*
Calen: "However...it does not change that I am frightened... It is unmistakable that I forget myself with anger...and I do not know when I might inflict an injury on you or Sakurako-san..."
Shuma: "Calen..."
*I wanted to deny it strongly and say I would do something about it, but I understand her feeling so much that it hurts, and I can't immediately open my mouth.*
Calen: "I am truly frightened... This sort of thing has never happened to me... Why did I become like this...?"
*No...it's not the time for me to be perplexed. Calen is more nervous than I am...*
Calen: "How should I handle my own self...I cannot control...? Ouch."
*I must help Calen...*
Calen: "Shuma-san... You are hurting me..."
Shuma: "Oops, so-sorry."
*Before I know it, I have tightened my grip on Calen's wrist. Her voice makes me realize this and I ease up in a hurry.*
*Calen doesn't show a sign of escaping anymore.*
Shuma: "Calen."
*Instead of letting her hand go, I look hard at Calen's eyes.*
Calen: "Shu-Shuma-san...?"
Shuma: "Don't worry. I won't leave your side."
Calen: "What...?"
Shuma: "It's not that I could do anything to you right now...but if you lose yourself and get violent, I'll stop you at any cost."
Shuma: "So...please don't be worried by yourself. I may not be dependable, but I want to be your help."
*I want to protect Calen. I want to help her. These feelings are overflowing from my heart.*
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "Calen..."
*I lock eyes with Calen. It's too embarrassing for me to keep staring into a girl's eyes, but I do it for the sake of mesmerizing her.*
Shuma: "Oh, no, well...so-sorry."
*No, I can't. Just as I thought, it's too embarrassing.*
Shuma: "W-well. I'm not sure either, but is that emotion you're feeling anger?"
Calen: "Anger, is it?"
Shuma: "Yeah. See, you are a daughter of the Officinalis family. So I thought you might never have gotten angry like that."
Calen: "Certainly...there were few who angered me..."
Shuma: "Also, I think the reason you are angry now is because Sakurako was attacked."
Calen: "That is...certainly so..."
Shuma: "Well...it's bad of me to say this but, Sakurako is your first friend, isn't she?"
Calen: "Friend...though, I am not sure if it is so..."
*Right. When I think about her family environment, I can naturally imagine her doubt.*
Shuma: "That's why you became angry enough to lose yourself. It think it means Sakurako is becoming very important to you deep inside."
Calen: "I-is it so...then..."
Shuma: "I'm glad you care about Sakurako so much, Calen."
Calen: "I...care about Sakurako-san... That is why I could not control myself..."
Shuma: "Yeah, I think so. So, I don't think you need to be afraid of yourself so much. And if the time comes that you really lose yourself, I will help guide you back."
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
*In that moment, I see Calen's face once again and our eyes meet.*
*Her eyes are shimmering and I cannot look away...*
Calen: "...Thank you. Shuma-san. I have calmed down a little."
*With her eyes still damp, Calen finally shows me her smile.*
Calen: "Truly...you helped me. As I was, I did not know what to do..."
Shuma: "Y-yeah...that's good..."
Calen: "In any case...Shuma-san, you are marvelous."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Calen: "In spite of my horrible treatment, I bottled it up and it stayed with me..."
Shuma: "Horrible treatment?"
*Oh, the thing about how she didn't know my suffering and kept telling me to become a progenitor...*
Shuma: "Don't worry about it. You know it now, so I don't care about it any more."
Lotus: "First of all, it's difficult for vampires to understand your thinking. In that sense, Calen-chan's thinking is getting closer to that of humans'."
*...I guess that's the case. That makes me honestly happy.*
Shuma: "And it's natural that our values are different. You grew up as a daughter of a progenitor and I'm a common Japanese kid...so don't worry. Alright?"
*I was affected by Dad, who chimed in out of the blue, and unintentionally add to it.*
Calen: "If you kindly say so...even though I feel rather strange...but I do not feel bad."
Calen: "More than that, Shuma-san, you who forgave me are indeed worthy of being the progenitor of the Embroche family...no, of a higher caliber than the progenitor."
*The way she muddled her words about the progenitor makes me realize she cares about me, and that makes me feel strangely awkward...but happy.*
Shuma: "No...I think I'm halfway myself. But I've been struggling only because I don't want to give up many things for it."
Calen: "Please do not underrate yourself. Of course, I thought so from the beginning and do feel so glad that I came to you."
Calen: "I cannot help feeling a little confused that I am becoming close to humans, but when I think I am feeling similar to you, Shuma-san..."
Calen: "I feel pleased and proud a little...hehe."
Shuma: "*Holding breath*."
*Calen smiles after some time, which is great but...now I'm in trouble.*
*Seeing Calen's expression on her face, an urge boils up from the bottom of my heart... It is a little different from the blood-sucking urge. My heart beats fast, blood races through my body, breathing quickens.*
*What this urge longs for...*
Calen: "Oh...I am going to be mesmerized... Shuma-san, are you desiring my blood?"
Shuma: "N-no...that is not it..."
*I try to look away, but I can't take my eyes off her gentle smile and moistened eyes with reason alone.*
Calen: "Hehehe, fine... I will give my blood and life force to you. My respectable Shuma-san. Well, not only these...I would like to give you more..."
Shuma: "That means..."
Calen: "Would you prefer to let a girl say everything? Hehehe...!"
*Oh, no...I cannot stop anymore...*
Shuma: "B-but here..."
*Even using my whole power to reason, it went only this far... I am shocked by my impatience, but whether knowingly or unknowingly of what I'm feeling, Calen smiles.*
Calen: "Then, please stay patient a little longer. Let us move to a better place, shall we!"
====================E-KL02_04H_N.TXT====================
*The place she brings me while holding my hand is the school building surrounded by the night's silence. Surely nobody's coming here.*
*Also, changing into her school uniform and saying it's a good opportunity, that makes me worry what type of information she got from Sakurako.*
Calen: "Please...have me as you'd like! There is no need for you to worry at this time!"
*A daughter of a vampire removes her top and bewitchingly seduces me.*
*Her attractive body, which calls to men's instincts, is illuminated by the moonlight and radiates an even more beautiful and fascinating glow.*
Shuma: "Sorry...I really cannot hold it in..."
Calen: "Do not worry. It is as I said before... And I am happier than ever that I am desired like this...!"
*Calen may think it's just the blood-sucking urge, but I myself don't know what to call this thing that's coming up inside me. I wish I could communicate even a fragment of it to her...*
Shuma: "...Beautiful, Calen."
*This cheap word is all I can give.*
Calen: "Oh, you are surprisingly...romantic. Hehe♪"
*I wonder if I communicated successfully. Calen, who giggles a little, looks mischievously more attractive.*
Calen: "Then...are you satisfied with simply staring at me?"
*As I am gazed upon by her expecting and glistening eyes, words fail me.*
Calen: "I will give you everything...my blood, my body... I'd like to offer my heart, too. My respectable, Shuma-san...!"
*After that, we keep holding each other until dawn.*
====================E-KL02_05.TXT====================
Iris: "Then?"
Lycoris: "Eek?! Please, please, please, please hear my story, I say!"
Iris: "Considering you were assaulted by the little Rubina girl so easily, had the familiar which I gave you stolen..."
Iris: "...and came back helplessly, what sort of story are you going to tell me?"
Lycoris: "Ah, um, ah...well...I lost consciousness or something..."
Iris: "So you were sleeping."
Lycoris: "I-I'm sorry! I've reflected on myself! I've super-reflected on myself, I say!"
Lycoris: "No punishment! Spare me punishment, please! I, Lycoris! If you spare me punishment, I'll do anything! I'm determined to sell my soul to the Devil if necessary!"
Iris: "...First, go and wash your drool-covered face. Punishment will come after that."
Lycoris: "*Shock*, I say?! My determination is washed away like bubbles?!"
Lycoris: "Oh, that was a lofty joke that has double meaning of 'washing the face with bubbles' and 'going for nothing', but how was― Eek?!"
Iris: "Shut up and go wash your face... I will not say it again."
Lycoris: "U-understood?!"
**Splash splash*.*
**Splash splash*.*
**Splash splash*.*
**Refreshing*!*
Lycoris: "Phew! I am refreshed! I feel like having breakfast gracefully! Excellent!"
Iris: "Then?"
Lycoris: "Eek?! Please, please, please, please hear my story, I say!"
Iris: "...The talk does not progress. We shall continue."
Lycoris: "Will you forgive me, I say?"
Iris: "We shall continue the talk... I thought I just said, 'Do not make me repeat my words.' "
Lycoris: "Waaah, this is totally a punishment route! No, I don't want it, I don't want it, I will definitely die, I say..."
Lycoris: "...Like this, normally I would cry out and fall apart, but levelheaded me understands more than enough that crying will end up choking my neck, kyaah?!"
Iris: "...Shall we continue?"
Lycoris: "U-n-d-e-r-s-t-o-o-d."
Iris: "First..."
Iris: "I must give punishment to you who neglected your duties till just now―"
Lycoris: "P-please wait, I say! It's not that I've done nothing since I was defeated. After I was able to move around, I tried to collect information and life force immediately!"
Iris: "...Hmm."
Lycoris: "But, Calen completely focused on me. She definitely had the look of a killer, I say!"
Iris: "Then...you disgraced yourself in her presence and ran away."
Lycoris: "G-gimme a break, please... Challenging Calen after being beaten up is like suicide."
Lycoris: "B-but, but! It's not that I have totally nothing. I've got the latest info on Shuma!"
Iris: "...Tell me."
Lycoris: "Shuma hasn't changed at all, I say!"
Iris: "...Not even a little?"
Lycoris: "No. He was far from awakening as a progenitor and still seemed to dislike sucking blood!"
Iris: "...I see."
Iris: "Slightly...we are being forestalled, I suppose."
Lycoris: "What's the matter?"
Iris: "Nothing. For the time being, make it the top priority that Shuma Embroche is made to suck blood and awaken as a progenitor."
Lycoris: "Yes...well, will you spare me punishment?"
Iris: "Make it up with this next feat...then I shall call it square."
Lycoris: "YES, I say! I love you, Master Pumila!"
Iris: "What a calculating devil... Well, fair enough. Use any means. Do it as quickly as possible. That is all."
Lycoris: "Understood. I'll arrange many loli girls, I say!"
Iris: "Keep them over 18 years old."
Lycoris: "Huh, but you said use any means...?"
Iris: "Only over 18 years old. Over 18 years old. Whatever happens, over 18 years old! Understand?"
Lycoris: "Oh...*guess*."
Shuma: "Hah, ah...ha!"
*I bring my sword down slantwise and give a blow to a red, serpent-like string moving fiercely on my right side.*
Calen: "Too slow!"
Shuma: "Oh, ryaaaaah!"
*I dodge just in time as the strings lunge at me, as if trying to swallow me up with a wide-open mouth, and deliver a slashing attack.*
Shuma: "Ugh?!"
*However, the shock on my back, which arrived immediately after, reveals that I'm open to attack.*
Calen: "Think! Even during the fight, think about your opponent's moves and characteristics!"
*Calen yells while manipulating the strings which extend from her hands like living snakes.*
Shuma: "I know..."
Shuma: "Ugh?!"
*From above and below, right and left, her assaults are delivered like a raging storm. I can't withstand the onslaught, so I keep some distance.*
Calen: "Not enough!"
Shuma: "...!"
*As I feel a scorching web being pressed against my back, my body uncontrollably stiffens up.*
*I'm forestalled... By the time I realize it, layers of strings have already appeared right in front of me.*
Shuma: "U-ugh?!"
*I don't even have a time to thin― Damn.*
Calen: "Checkmate, Shuma-san."
*Calen's voice announces the end of our battle practice.*
Shuma: "...*Sigh*..."
*Watching Calen's strings disappearing like mist in front of my eyes, I sigh deeply over my worthlessness.*
Shuma: "If it had been a real fight, I would be dead for sure."
Calen: "That is true. However, if we compare it from the beginning, you seem to have no trouble in having your weapon out now, so I think you are becoming more capable."
Shuma: "...Thank you for consoling me."
Calen: "I am not consoling, it is a fact. You were able to respond to attacks from multiple directions, so I think you will be able to defeat most enemies.
*Then, Calen gives me her usual calm smile.*
Shuma: "Well, if you say so... I should have a little more confidence, I guess."
Calen: "Hehe, I believe you will protect me someday."
*I wonder when that will be... After that, we take a break and practice one more set, but it goes without saying that I cannot lay a finger on her body.*
*After school, Calen and I find Lycoris and chase after her.*
Lycoris: "......"
Calen: "Wait! Lycoris-san!"
*We end up at a port... We weave our way through the poorly-lit, intricate, narrow streets among buildings and warehouses.*
*As we arrive at an open area of the wharf, Lycoris disappears.*
Shuma: "What...disappeared?"
Calen: "It is certain that she hid herself somewhere around here..."
Shuma: "Damn... We came this far and lost her."
*My lungs and eyes have been hurting for some time.*
*...Because sea breeze?*
Shuma: "How about you, Calen?"
Calen: "Ugh... To be honest, this is a bit harsh."
Calen: "As much as I would like it to be otherwise, it is not. Let us do a fine-tooth-comb search, shall we!"
Shuma: "Just wait... Aoi, you're here, aren't you?"
Aoi: "I am...but what?"
*Aoi appears from out of the shadows. I don't know if she was after us or Lycoris, but I felt her presence the whole way here.*
Shuma: "Aoi, did you lose her, too?"
Aoi: "Yes, I'm afraid..."
Shuma: "......"
*I look around to find numerous warehouses on the harbor, any of which can be used to hide in.*
Shuma: "It will be...impossible to search all these."
Aoi: "I think so, too."
Calen: "...Ugh..."
Aoi: "But, I think it's no mistake that Lycoris has a base on this port."
Shuma: "Alright...let's go back for now. It's better we check a map of the port area and pick out places where Lycoris may be hiding first. It's better for us to move at night, too."
Calen: "Yes, I agree."
Aoi: "......"
*Before Calen and I go back, Aoi jumps up and vanishes without making a noise.*
Calen: "What an unpleasant woman as usual. If she was chasing with us, she should have contacted you."
Shuma: "She must be on guard..."
*My engagement with Calen has also made me an enemy of the Rubina and Aoi. The relationship cannot be changed anymore.*
*However, right now, we share the same goal of going after Lycoris. We should be able to temporarily join forces...*
Calen: "Phew..."
Shuma: "Calen? Are you tired?"
Calen: "Huh? No, I'm fine."
Shuma: "We moved a pretty good distance under the sun... Let's go home now and rest."
Calen: "Shuma-san, are you yourself tired of having used your unaccustomed power so much?"
Shuma: "No, that is...not so much."
Calen: "You have become tougher than before. I wonder if it is a result of training."
Shuma: "That could be a part of it but..."
*Something is wrong. This isn't as much of an indirect thing as she says, but I have this unnatural feeling that I, as an individual and as my own species, have become stronger.*
Shuma: "Never mind...let's go home anyway. Mari must be dog-tired from waiting for us."
Calen: "...You are right."
*And night.*
Mari: "We wish you good luck. Please leave the house to me."
Shuma: "We will go, then."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Calen, are you alright?"
Calen: "Yes, I am perfectly ready. Let us catch that coward this time, shall we, Shuma?"
Shuma: "...Right."
Calen: "Yes... Do you have any concerns?"
Shuma: "Lycoris must have realized that we know of her base. She may guard against us and lay a snare."
Calen: "Hehe♪ Whatever schemes that defective vampire plans, she is no match for a progenitor's bloodline."
Calen: "I will silence her with one twist♪"
Shuma: "......"
*While keeping contact with Aoi, Calen and I go to the port's warehouse area again.*
*My lungs heat up.*
*However, the port looks different from last time...*
Shuma: "...What's up with this...?"
*I can't help losing my breath as I see a huge crowd of girls spread across the port as if they completely blanket the night.*
Calen: "Ten...twenty...fifty... She put a great deal of effort into it this time."
*Calen pouts her lips as if to complain.*
Lycoris: "Phew...phew... H-here you are...Shuma Embroche...*wheeze*...I welcome...you...*cough*..."
Shuma: "...Doesn't it look like she's dying already?"
Calen: "Even though you are neither pure-blooded nor even hybrid, you tried to achieve things beyond your means."
Lycoris: "H-harsh...but right now, to me, it's like preaching to deaf ears, I say!"
Shuma: "You're taking it all wrong."
Calen: "No, she does not, Shuma-san... 'Preaching to deaf ears' perfectly describes her now."
Lycoris: "W-when you say that, I feel insecure about all kinds of things, so I want you to stop, I say... No, that's not it!"
Lycoris: "Are you listening to me?! Shuma Embroche!"
Shuma: "Yeah."
Lycoris: "If you want to release the girls from my hand, you'd better suck their blood!"
Shuma: "...What is she planning?"
Calen: "Nothing... I wish I could say that."
*Calen gives a sweeping look to the surrounding area and her voice slightly sinks.*
Calen: "Even though you are dealing with 'that', it is quite reckless to go along with it, I suppose."
Shuma: "...Right."
*Namely, life force that is poured into us is like gasoline that fuels the body.*
As for me, who is constantly getting short on gas, I couldn't wish for anything better than this: a situation in which I can get plenty of life force from them.
*However...*
Shuma: "What's your purpose, Lycoris?"
*I'm not very smart but it's obvious even to me.*
*Lycoris is clearly trying to make me suck blood.*
Shuma: "Did you inject anti-vampire poison into them?"
Lycoris: "Are you a moron? If I do that, I'm gonna get fucking killed!"
Shuma: " 'Fucking killed'? That's really disturbing... By who?"
Lycoris: "Of course, Pumi...no, nothing! Prying into a young girl's secret is the worst act a man can do!"
Shuma: "O-okay..."
Lycoris: "So, suck blood from all of them now, I say! I've collected many girls according to your taste and liking...and as lawfully allowed!"
Shuma: "No...really, what are you thinking?"
Calen: "...Would it be better if I rolled back my physical and mental age and made myself look younger for you?"
Shuma: "No, no...Calen, you are okay as you are."
*As usual, she says something absurd from out of blue.*
Calen: "...In order to be loved by you, I can bear anything, Shuma-san."
Calen: "If you prefer an undeveloped figure, I would bring my body into a flat condition. I will be nothing."
*Her face says otherwise.*
Shuma: "No, what I mean is...looks are not the only decisive factor, are they?"
Calen: "But you have preferences, do you not? I would like to be your number 1―"
Shuma: "I love you as are now the most. Is this not enough?"
Calen: "...!"
Calen: "...I am...happy."
*Calen's face becomes all red.*
Lycoris: "Stoooop! You, suck blood already! You, do that kind of making out in the epilogue!"
*Lycoris makes her face all red for a different reason.*
Calen: "......"
Calen: "If you interfere, I will show no mercy."
Lycoris: "Eek?! Y-y-y-you say that but there's a reason I cannot go back! If I do, my life will end right there."
*Lycoris' shaking eyes meet Calen's.*
*Lycoris looks like a frog caught in a snake's gaze. No, more like a rabbit caught in a lion's gaze.*
Lycoris: "I can't allow myself to withdraw freely, I say! Now! Suck now! Otherwise, I will get fucking killed, I say!"
Shuma: "...Calen, is it possible to target Lycoris only?"
Calen: "...If that is your wish, I will follow it and deliver a result no matter what happens. However..."
*Her talking stops.*
Calen: "I do not think it is the best method...to jump into a obvious trap."
*What is her intention of handing over energy to us, when we are supposed to be her enemy?*
*And also, there is a third presence which doesn't make an appearance despite all these familiars.*
Shuma: "...We should move after we have more information."
Calen: "...It is regrettable..."
*Calen has a tense air around her.*
*If I tell her to attack, she'll probably obliterate Lycoris with her overwhelming power.*
*However...she is not the only enemy.*
Lycoris: "Geez! Enough already! I have so many girls ready! I really worked hard, I say!"
*Lycoris screams from the center of the familiars who fill out the area as far as eyes can reach.*
Lycoris: "I'm busy, too! Please do not make me waste time! I'm tired! I want to go home as soon as possible and sleep in bed! I can hardly sleep recently, I say!"
*The way she displays her anger with swinging hands and pouting, reminds me of a child having a temper tantrum.*
Shuma: "...Hey Calen, do you think that's an act?"
Calen: "If so, I will give her my highest praise... Such spirit that she can abandon her pride for work."
*Calen eyes her as if looking at a poor creature.*
Lycoris: "Waaaah...enough! If you don't suck blood, I have a plan!"
Calen: "......"
*But her eyes refocus instantly with Lycoris' words.*
Shuma: "...What are you gonna do!"
Lycoris: "I'll make them take their clothes off and...*heart-thump*! Girls everywhere, gymnastic formation! Nothing but nip-slips, gather round, everyone! I will make them do these!"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "What...did you say...?"
*I cannot even understand what those words mean and freeze momentarily.*
Shuma: "Gymnastic...formation? Nothing but...nip-slips...?"
*A massive amount of pheromone has been floating in the air for some time.*
Shuma: "You...Lycoris...you're planning to make this number of girls do...gymnastic formation?!"
*Adolescent reasoning and vampire blood instantly boil up.*
Lycoris: "By the way, when I checked minutes ago, some were wearing no bra and no panties, I say!"
Shuma: "What...you...?!"
*Beads of dripping sweat, clothes becoming see-through, pressed and squeezed boobs, plump thighs and pushed-out peachy butts and...treasure shot after treasure shot without commercials.*
Shuma: "That...is that allowed to exist...? That heaven-like garden..."
Calen: "...Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "S-sorry to disappoint you, Lycoris! I-it's useless if you try to enrapture me with th-those sweet words! Because I have Calen, I don't get attracted to other girls..."
Shuma: "...And in the first place, I don't believe in panties or anything like that, I mean, see, I can't believe it unless I see it with my own eyes...!"
Calen: "Your knees are about to give way...*sigh*... They say one becomes talkative when one has something to hide, but in your case, it is quite obvious."
Shuma: "...I'm a guy..."
Calen: "Yes, I know it well... Also, you will come back to me in the end."
Shuma: "...You're really tolerant."
Calen: "I am your first wife."
Lycoris: "Hiss! Enough of this love comedy, let's start the battle now! I'm irritated as I don't know when a new enemy will show up..."
*In the middle of girls she's been controlling, Lycoris yells like an angry child.*
Calen: "――――!"
Lycoris: "――――EEK?!"
*But her yell is erased by Calen's murderous gaze.*
*Was that so annoying?!*
Calen: "!"
*Before I can calm her down...Calen dashes...*
Shuma: "C-Calen?!"
Lycoris: "P-protect me, I say!"
*The controlled girls instantly surround Lycoris, who is curled up like an armadillo.*
*Crap! If she attacks like this...*
Shuma: "Calen! Wai―!"
*"Wait!"*
*I was about to scream, at that moment...*
Woman: "Gah?!"
*A short distance from Lycoris, a woman flies into the air as if she were hit by a car.*
Calen: "Tsk?!"
*With a click of her tongue she leaps into the air with one step, catches the women who was blown away and sets her down on the ground.*
Shuma: "W-what is going―?"
**Shudder*.*
*This terror feels as if someone were injecting a bubble into my spine, and I forcibly look in the other direction.*
*???: "...HA...AH...HEE...HEHE..."*
*A monster with a fuzzy outline has been...sneering.*
Shuma: "Cicada!"
Cicada: "HEH, HEH HEH...HEH...SO MANY...HERE..MANY!"
Cicada: "DON'T GET IN MY WAY...EAT MORE...HEH, HEH HEH...!"
Calen: "...Vulgar as usual."
*Calen looks disgustingly at that monster without reason.*
Shuma: "How come you noticed...?"
Calen: "Hehe, please praise me well later."
*As soon as she says this, she turns her body to Cicada again.*
Shuma: "...Yeah, I'll praise you a lot. I'll do it so much you'll be tired of it."
Calen: "Hehe, I cannot wait..."
*Dash!*
*Her body disappears and a whirlwind blasts my face the next moment...*
Cicada: "GAH?!"
*Calen's instep swings through and is driven right into Cicada's jaw.*
Cicada: "G-GAAAAH?!"
*Cicada's body, which is hit mostly horizontally with it's head on axis, and following the laws of physics, is sent flying into a container, making a distorted dent on the surface with a thundering noise.*
Calen: "Hehe...you scream in an ungraceful voice."
*I don't know if she did it using life force or just raw, physical vampire power.*
Shuma: "...A-amazing."
Lycoris: "I-if that had been done to me, my face would look like a potato by now..."
*However, even to my eyes, which were those of a normal human until recently, her power is clearly abnormal.*
Calen: "I will make you disappear before you have time to regret it!"
*At insane speed, Calen swings her hands and vermilion-colored lines attached to her fingertips cut through the air and pounce on the monster's neck.*
*A strike known as...Bloody Thread.*
Cicada: "...IN MY WAY!"
Calen: "Ugh?!"
*...gets torn up and blown to pieces by a high frequency wave blade swinging down diagonally.*
Calen: "...What impudence!!"
Cicada: "GEE?!"
*However, using the power of rotation, Calen drives a blow with her heel, which is accelerated by centrifugal force, into the monster's profile.*
*As if the difference in physiques is nothing to her, she keeps delivering blows of unparalleled strength to the monster.*
Cicada: "GA, HEE...KA...HYU..."
Calen: "Fast, quickly, swiftly...!"
*But, from her hard attack, she looks very irritated, like she's feeling impatient, as if winning is too far away.*
*A killer blow from long or mid distance. A guaranteed win by assaulting the weak point. That is supposed to be her style.*
*What's pushing her to be like this?*
Calen: "Enough of―!"
*The flash of a sidelong sweep, which looks much faster but flat even to the eyes of someone unfamiliar with martial arts like myself.*
Cicada: "HAH...KYAAAAH!"
Calen: "No...?!"
*As Calen sees the direction her last stroke blew away the monster to, her facial expression gets clouded in plain sight.*
Girls: "AAAAAAAAAAH?!"
*In the place where the monster lands...among the crowd of manipulated girls, unworldly screams rise up.*
Shuma: "Damn...!"
*Before despair enters into my mind, I rush to them.*
Cicada: "GA, AAH...AAAAAHHH!"
Shuma: "Ugh?! Clooooose?!"
*In the second I jump away instinctively, Cicada tears open the floor and leaves a crescent-shaped mark on it.*
Shuma: "...This is serious."
*Facing off, I realize...the monster standing in front of me seems different from the thing which was taking a one-sided taunting from Calen up to now.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
*But it has lasted only a second.*
Cicada: "GH, AAAAAH?!"
*Calen's strings land between us and force Cicada's body away from me.*
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "Shuma-san...take care of the half vampire! As it is...situation is getting worse and worse! *Cough*...!"
Shuma: "Calen?!"
Calen: "I simply did it...a little hard. But more than this!"
Shuma: "...Yeah."
*We recheck each other's purpose and face individual enemies.*
Lycoris: "Well...is it done already, I say?"
Shuma: "For the time being, if you release everyone, it'll be done right there, Lycoris."
Lycoris: "Huh? What?! What are you saying! I won't do that, I say!"
Lycoris: "Anyway, you better suck life force quickly! If you don't―"
Shuma: "If I don't?"
Lycoris: "I will force...youuuuuu...?!"
*With her finger pointing toward me, Lycoris sinks weakly to the floor.*
Shuma: "W-what's this...?"
Lycoris: "H-hey you...you oddball there! Don't suck out every little bit of life force I injected, I saaaay!"
*In the place where Lycoris directs her anger...*
*There stands the monster which is absorbing a woman's life force as nourishment.*
Calen: "Shuma...san."
Shuma: "...Sorry."
*While nodding to Calen, who's calling out to me in a painful voice while producing successive attacks, I hold Deesse Morte and kick up concrete in one go.*
Lycoris: "Haw?!"
Shuma: "Tsk!"
*I swing Deesse Morte as hard as I can into Lycoris' stomach, but it's stopped by the side of her scythe.*
Lycoris: "C-c...close...?! How dare you do that, I say?!"
Shuma: "A fight, what else?!"
*I cannot give her time to breathe.*
*She is, Calen is waiting for me.*
Lycoris: "Eek?! Ugh... You!"
*With the big scythe in one hand, which could be called a symbol of death, she draws an arc at superhuman speed.*
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
*Faster than the speed of her scythe cutting through, I jump within the storm zone.*
*Crossing in one second, my skin feels her blade pass really close to my face. But not fearing that, I push forward.*
Shuma: "Waaaaagh!"
*I give Deesse Morte a full swing at her body, like the release of an arrow that's been pulled back strongly, thinking I'll get her this time.*
Lycoris: "Ugh...*yelp*!"
Shuma: "...?!"
*But what's left in my hands is far from the feeling of cutting a human body.*
*Lycoris defended my direct attack again, pulling back her big scythe with an outstanding reaction speed that seems beyond human.*
Lycoris: "~~~~?!"
*But it seems like she couldn't avoid the impact. Her body goes flying high up into the air, and she stops after rolling a few times across the ground.*
Lycoris: "It hurts, hurts...hurt..."
Shuma: "...I thought you were just a no-good vampire."
*I can't help giving a bitter smile.*
*She probably did it unconsciously. Nevertheless, what an exceptional combat intuition. She avoided a fatal injury in a situation where she seemed completely done for.*
Shuma: "Come to think of it, you said you were an excellent combatant before being turned into a vampire."
Lycoris: "Oh? Oh? Maybe, right now. I, Lycoris, am being praised? Ahem! Frustrated? Frustrated, I say? Hehe...hawah?!"
*Lycoris sinks down to the floor.*
Lycoris: "Ah, aww...growing weak, I'm growing weak, y-you super asshole...!"
*Each time Cicada replenishes the life force it consumes, Lycoris appears paler.*
Lycoris: "D-damn... Don't suck my energy without my permission...idiot...!"
*Lycoris trembles, and kneeling like a newborn fawn, raises a powerless and angry voice to Cicada.*
Shuma: "......"
*If I leave her like this, we can render her completely powerless...*
*So I thought, right in that moment.*
Calen: "Eep?!"
Shuma: "Calen?!"
*Calen's scream draws my attention.*
Calen: "Ha, aah...haaah...*wheeze*...*wheeze*..."
Shuma: "C-Calen...?!"
*I find Calen has fresh wounds and is gasping for breath.*
Shuma: "Calen?! What happened?!"
Calen: "I-I am fine... But more than me, Shuma-san, you must take care...ugh?!"
*Almost like the beginning of the fight but with roles reversed, Cicada slams Calen at full speed and blows away her guarded body.*
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "...I...am...fine...this is simply..."
*While she's clearly making a bluff, thick and sticky blood flows out of her lips.*
Shuma: "...You are not fine!"
*Without a second thought, I slam my foot down on the slate with all my might.*
Cicada: "GOOH?!"
Shuma: "I won't let you!"
*I run up at full speed and attack the side of the monster's skull with the fist into which I've concentrated all my strength.*
Shuma: "Yaahh!"
*Completing my swing of Deesse Morte, I take a breath after seeing the monster fly away with a slashed head out of the corner of my eye.*
Shuma: "...I won."
Calen: "...Ha...ah... You were too reckless...Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "I couldn't stop myself."
Shuma: "And...honestly, you looked out of gas and in hot water."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Maybe...no, I mean, possibly not, without mistake, it's because you gave me your life force, isn't it?"
Calen: "...You cannot call this being out of energy."
*Calen purses her lips and tells me so. However, her still heavy breathing clearly suggests how exhausted she is.*
*The reason why Calen was irritated and tried to finish the battle quickly was because of me.*
Shuma: "Lycoris seems to be really weak...so I think it's better to beat this one first."
Shuma: "What do you think, Calen?"
Calen: "Ha...ah...let me...see."
*It must be the effect of Cicada's energy draining. We give a glance over Lycoris who lies down utterly exhausted.*
Calen: "......"
Calen: "I can defeat such a half vampire any time..."
*With glistening sweat still on her forehead, Calen happily loosens her cheeks.*
Shuma: "I see, then...let's start from here!"
*I run toward the blown-off monster.*
Cicada: "!!!"
*Amazing that the thing can move even after having its head slashed by Deesse Morte, but it's too slow.*
Cicada: "GAH, GH?!"
Calen: "I will not let you go...!"
*The body of the monster which tries to jump up, is torn by the multiple layers of wire and stops.*
*It looks like a pitiful beast trying to escape from a cage.*
Shuma: "Got...it!"
*Like a throwing event, with my hooked hand which I'd swung with all my strength, I grab the monster in mid air and strike it to the ground.*
Cicada: "GH, GOGAH...?!"
*As a dull sound is heard, I don't overlook that Cicada's body has lost its strength for a moment.*
Cicada: "GAH?!"
Cicada: "GOOGOGA, GAAGEEEE?!"
*Sucking energy... As the monster's body convulses itself wildly, I steal its life force through my fist.*
Shuma: "I won't let you...go...! Definitely not...!"
*I clench my jaw to bear the heat, which feels like it could melt bone marrow into ooze, and keep absorbing the monster in front of me.*
*Then, less than 5 seconds later.*
Cicada: "GO...GE...AH."
*As if nothing had existed from the beginning, the monster disappears into thin air.*
Shuma: "Ka, ha, a...ah...!"
*A feeling that boiling blood is spreading throughout my body.*
*A palpable fear that my body and consciousness have been rewritten at the cellular level.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "O...kay...!"
*Hearing Calen's voice like a scream, I desperately return a horribly forced smile to her.*
Shuma: "I'm...okay...!"
*I am me. Nobody owns me. I repeat these words to convince myself and slowly recover my breath.*
Shuma: "*Inhale*... *Exhale*..."
*Twice, three times, I completely replace the oxygen in my lungs.*
Shuma: "...I'm okay now."
*I smile at Calen once again.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Calen: "I am...glad..."
*She hugs me tightly and her warmth is transferred to my body.*
Shuma: "Calen...I'm sorry to ask, but..."
Calen: "...Yes, you are right."
*Her arms parting from my body grasp at the air with dissatisfaction.*
Calen: "The leftover...must be disposed of quickly."
Lycoris: "Eek?!"
*With a visible rage in her, Calen approaches Lycoris who is surrounded by unconscious girls and completely exhausted at the same time.*
Lycoris: "P-please spare me, I say...!"
*Lycoris may be too frightened to stand up. She cries out for help to me of all people who is supposed to be her enemy.*
Shuma: "Calen, don't bully her too mu―"
*Even though she's my enemy, she looks so miserable. I try to warn Calen not to overdo it.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "Eh?"
**Stab*!*
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "...What?"
*A blade is stuck in my shoulder.*
Shuma: "What is...this?"
*A sharp pain which is caused by the weapon an expressionless Aoi clutches, instantly colors my settling world with red.*
Shuma: "Ugh...ah...gah...uggggh?!"
Calen: "Shuma-san?! U-ugh... Stay clear of Shuma-san!"
Aoi: "――――"
*Aoi dodges Calen's surprise attack without changing expressions.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?! Are you alright?!"
Shuma: "Y-yeah...I was just stabbed. It'll be cured if I put saliva on it..."
*Despite a dull pain that pierces through nerves, I force a smile and press the bleeding area with the other hand.*
Calen: "Hmph, to keep observing until your target has weakened like this... I say, it is just as one would expect, or perhaps you have really great taste."
Aoi: "――――"
*However, Aoi doesn't respond to Calen's sarcasm and turns her colorless eyes toward us.*
*Something is wrong... One look is enough to tell her abnormality.*
Calen: "Uggggggh...!"
*However, we are too injured and exhausted to solve the problem.*
Calen: "Tsk...*wheeze wheeze*...kah...ha, ah...!"
Shuma: "Damn...Aoi...why you...! Ugh!"
*We desperately try to find an answer with our muddled heads, but stormy consecutive strikes don't give us a time to think.*
Shuma: "Ugh, no...crap?!"
*It happens in a flash, the worst-case scenario.*
*Exhaustion and injuries, plus the lethal tip of the blade coming upon me, will create sure death.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
*Calen's slightly delayed reaction turns into a scream and echoes around...*
Iris/???: "You carried it too far, small fry."
*Like strings being cut...*
*There is no other description.*
Aoi: "Ah..."
*Power is drained from Aoi, who was about to bring her twin swords down on me, and she falls onto the ground like a doll.*
Shuma: "...Eh...huh?"
*Not knowing what's happened, I unconsciously turn toward the voice.*
Iris/???: "Good grief... I see no spot of intention on savoring the mood."
*A familiar voice echoes from an empty space... Along with it, that space itself makes a grinding noise, distorts and transforms into something.*
Shuma: "Wha...what the...!"
*I wish I could believe this was an illusion, a daydream.*
*I don't want to think she's there.*
*I don't want to think she's come.*
Iris: "For a long time...oh, indeed I have not seen you face to face like this for a long time...Shuma Embroche."
*In a calm tone as if she were talking to an old friend, the queen of the night sneers.*
Shuma: "Gah...ugh...?!"
*That is it.*
*That's enough to instantly solidify the blood in my entire body.*
*It can't be, it's not reality, it's a mistake. Heavy pressure fills my consciousness, and all which is trying to deny this reality, even suppresses my breathing.*
*It's not a joke... Immense pressure, which cannot be compared to what I felt when we met last time, makes me realize I was ignorant of the real world.*
Iris: "...Hmm."
Iris: "I thought you grew up a little..."
*In that moment, Iris is about breathe in.*
Calen: "Ah, ooo, aaaaaaaaahhhh!!!!"
*With a roar.*
*With speed incomparable to the time she was fighting with Cicada, Calen pounces on Iris.*
*This is truly lightning speed.*
From both right and left, strings, a mass of concentrated energy which show that her limiter is clearly removed, leave the sound behind and close in from all directions on their target to tear it up: Iris' body.
*That attack is diabolic in anyone's eyes.*
Iris: "Hardly enough."
*Not even a scream.*
*I hear an ugly, dry snapping sound the next moment...*
Calen: "Gah...?!"
*Calen's body is blown back into the far distance, like a falling object on a highway.*
Shuma: "...What?"
*I cannot believe it.*
*I understand what happened but I cannot convince myself.*
Calen: "Ah...ugh...oooah...Shuma-san...run...away..."
*Calen, who was thrown hard against the wall and raises a pathetic voice, suggests how strong the strike was.*
*But, still, it can't be... One forehead poke blew Calen away... Am I dreaming?*
Iris: "Now then..."
Shuma: "...!"
*Her attention slowly turns toward me. Only that makes me feel like fainting.*
Lotus: "Stop breathing."
Shuma: "...!"
Lotus: "Wait two seconds, then slowly push the oxygen out of your lungs. Do not hurry. Do it certainly."
Shuma: "...Ha, aaaaah."
*My lower body, which was about to crumble facing the monster before me, slowly relaxes.*
Iris: "Well."
Iris: "I thought you would sink to the ground... You have unexpectedly become brave."
Shuma: "...Thanks to you."
*This time, I recover enough to glare straight at the monster in front of me.*
Iris: "I am glad."
*The face of the vampire smiling lasciviously is beautiful, like the moon of the night that enchants all creation.*
Iris: "However, the present condition on which you have yet to awaken as a progenitor is not favorable in the least."
*The way she sighs and shrugs her shoulders affectedly is just like a human.*
Shuma: "...That is, none of your business."
*I've hurled words at the monster right in front of my eyes as if I were her equal.*
Iris: "None of my business? Haha, none of my business, that is...haha, hahahahaha!"
Shuma: "...What's so funny?"
Iris: "Right, right...for you, it's only that!"
*She laughs for some time as if enjoying it from the bottom of her heart.*
Iris: "Do not make me laugh."
Shuma: "......"
*Along with a low muttering voice, fatal, murderous intention is directed at me. That alone forces back the retort I was about to spit out.*
Iris: "...However, well, I do not dislike that spirit."
Iris: "Together with Calen, who is not even a vampire, the recklessness that you go against a progenitor despite your imperfection is not worthy of praising."
Shuma: "............"
Shuma: "Eh?"
*What did she say now?*
Iris: "Hmm, have you not noticed yet?"
*The devil spins a tale, but can't believe I might be committing the sin of being ignorant.*
Iris: "That is not even a vampire."
Iris: "The Officinalis'...homunculus. That's simply a doll."
Shuma: "Doll? What do you mean...?"
Iris: "Whether you cannot understand or you do not want to understand...oh, well."
Iris: "On the night the of next full moon...I shall appear once again."
Iris: "All will be fine if you awaken as the progenitor by then, otherwise..."
*It is an extremely low voice that grabs at my heart, and whose mind cannot keep up with her.*
Iris: "...kill you. Then, I will end everything."
Shuma: "...!"
*It is incomparable with any monsters I've fought so far, this source of unmistakable fear that freezes the entire space, and murderous urge.*
Iris: "Struggle or submit. I lay my hopes on you, Shuma Embroche, together with the poor thing."
Shuma: "Ah."
*Then, the progenitor melts away into the darkness without a sound.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "O-oh...Calen!"
*With heavy steps like an old man's, I stumble toward Calen.*
Calen: "...Hah...hah..."
Shuma: "...She is breathing."
*I can hardly say she's well, but I'm a little relieved after seeing she's steadily breathing.*
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "*Wheeze wheeze*...ugh...no more, I say... All that's left for me, Lycoris, is to die."
*She must have lost nearly all of her life force.*
*While fainting, Lycoris says something aloud which doesn't make much sense.*
Shuma: "I don't know why she was left behind, but I can't miss this chance."
*I mutter words to no one but myself and slowly advance...*
Lycoris: "...W-what? Wh-at? Huh? W-where am I...I say?"
Shuma: "You woke up...well, are you alright?"
*I brought everybody to a warehouse nearby, that was open by chance. It was better than staying outside.*
Lycoris: "Ah..."
Lycoris: "I'm okay. You have released me... Thank you, I say."
*Before this, I completely absorbed Ladybug, and released Lycoris from Iris' control.*
*While having her energy depleted and life force sucked, Lycoris now turns a calm smile to me, even though she isn't in perfect condition.*
Shuma: "Alright...after this..."
Calen: "Haa, ah...hah...ha...aa..."
Shuma: "Pull yourself together, Calen..."
*After confirming I've released Lycoris from Iris, I try to go to Calen right away.*
Aoi: "Ah...eh..."
Shuma: "Aoi..."
*Like a ghost, with unsteady steps and eyes, Aoi looks toward me.*
Aoi: "...What...was I...doing...until...now?"
Shuma: "...I don't know."
*There were more than a few puzzling elements.*
*But right now I don't have a reason to turn against her or the time to pursue it.*
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "Shuma...san... I am...fine..."
Calen: "Rather..."
*With unsteady steps, Calen looks around.*
Girl 1: "What...? Why am I in a place like this...?"
*As I look around, the girls who were turned into familiars start to wake up.*
*Lycoris' life force that had affected them must've been sucked out by Cicada.*
Shuma: "...Sorry, Calen. I know you are tired but...can I ask?"
*Feeling angry that I can't do anything about it, I push Calen.*
Calen: "Of course...if that is what you wish."
*She doesn't even frown, but smiles weakly... She pushes her exhausted body to rewrite the memories of the people around here.*
Calen: "Ha...ah...ha...ah..."
Shuma: "...Are you alright, Calen?"
*We separated from them after Calen manipulated the memories of the girls who were turned into familiars, and now we're on our way back home.*
Calen: "...P-phew...phew...*cough*..."
Shuma: "Calen!"
Calen: "Fine...I am fine..."
Shuma: "...Calen."
*"Fine", despite her words, the color of her face is clearly that of a sick person.*
*By all means, it is a man's duty to force himself to give his lady a piggyback... I don't have such energy left in me.*
*However, even that soon reaches its limits.*
Calen: "Ha...aa..."
Shuma: "Calen!"
*As we come near the park, Calen staggers and falls down as if she fainted.*
Shuma: "Calen! Hey, get a hold yourself!"
Calen: "Sorry...Shuma-san..."
*Ignoring her apologetic voice, I use all the strength still left in me and lay her down on the bench.*
Shuma: "...Are you okay?"
Calen: "If I may...rest...a little...soon...*cough*..."
*She says so and smiles painfully.*
*No, this is different... She's probably just talking tough.*
*Calen didn't look good even before we entered the port.*
*And that was probably...*
Shuma: "Calen, suck my blood."
*...because of lack of life force...and it is on an extreme level.*
Calen: "But..."
Shuma: "As far as life force goes, I got plenty from those shit yucky ones so don't worry...and..."
Shuma: "Depend on me, at least at a time like this. Let me help you this time."
Calen: "...Thank you, very much."
*Calen's slender fingers coil slowly around my arm.*
Shuma: "Not my arm, but do it on my neck. Do it all you want."
Calen: "...Yes."
*Her soft hair flutters over my arm. The unbearable scent of a girl tickles my nose. Her warm breath touches my skin and makes my spine quiver.*
Calen: "......Mm."
**Prickle*. A light pain similar to that of an injection needle runs through my neck.*
Calen: "*Slurp*...mmm...*suck*..."
*Then her lips slowly touch my skin, giving me a hot and melting sensation. My whole body shivers and becomes tensed up.*
Calen: "*Slurp*...*bite*...mmm...mmm..."
*I feel something important inside me being sucked out along with blood.*
*The warmth of her touch, which is given in return for my loss, fills up my heart with unwavering satisfaction.*
Shuma: "Ha...haa..."
*It feels good, it feels peaceful.*
Calen: "Mmm...kooo...*slurp*..."
*I feel her breath is getting filled up with strength.*
*That fact alone fills my heart... I don't care if all my blood is sucked out and it kills me, as long as it's done by her.*
Calen: "Mmm...haa...mmm..."
*I wonder if she felt the same...when she gave her blood to me...?*
*I bring Calen home and put her in bed. Now in the living room, Mari and I put on serious faces for the first time in a while.*
Mari: "You seriously had a hard on...hard time, it seems."
Shuma: "That word just spoiled everything."
*As usual, this dog is a master of being disappointing.*
Mari: "But I didn't expect Lady Calen would collapse."
Shuma: "I want to think...she's a bit better because I let her suck my blood."
Mari: "Did you let her suck your blood? In that case Master, you must not be feeling very energetic?"
Shuma: "I sucked all Cicada's life force, so I had extra."
Mari: "Ugh? Cicada is that creepy one, isn't it? Did you suck that one?"
*What a terrible way of putting it. And she's clearly turned off. Awful.*
Mari: "Anyway, as a result, Lady Calen is safe, so it doesn't present any problems... If Lady Calen passed away, I wouldn't know what to say to the Officinalis family."
*Surely, she says it with no particular intention. However...*
Shuma: "...Hey, Mari."
Shuma: "Would you tell me anything you know about the Officinalis?"
*I can't help being anxious about them.*
*About the meaning of Iris' words and Calen's roots.*
Mari: "So out of the blue. Are you considering to marry into the Officinalis family?"
Shuma: "This is serious."
Mari: "...Understood."
*So she says, then she walks to the kitchen and brings back two cups of hot tea. This means her talk will be long.*
Mari: "First, the Officinalis family is one of the three clans."
*Mari sits back deeply and slowly begins her talk.*
Mari: "They have the most blood relatives and their blood has not really thinned out, so you can call them the most successful family of the three clans."
Shuma: "The most successful family..."
Mari: "Still, a large number of relatives increases the possibility of producing defects in them. Those who succumb to the blood-sucking urge and cause trouble are generally the Officinalis' relatives."
Shuma: "Hmm...they are so many that they're not in complete control."
Mari: "Yes. However, fundamentally, the family itself is superior and it's also said that they deter many of the world's problems from behind the scenes."
*If they do that while keeping it a secret, they appear similar to Aoi's organization but...I purposely keep this opinion to myself.*
Mari: "Another characteristic is...I've heard they created homunculi."
Shuma: "...!"
*My heart jumps up. Oily sweat gushes out instantly and a nasty coldness soaks into my blood.*
Mari: "What's the matter?"
Shuma: "No, nothing...continue."
Mari: "The reason the Officinalis family created homunculi is, the First Officinalis observed that life force degrades slower in their creations than in naturally-created offspring."
Mari: "But now generations later, I don't think there's even one perfect homunculus left anymore."
Shuma: "None left?"
Mari: "No. The reason is simple. The art of creating homunculi is lost."
Mari: "They say the current Officinalis family head used to eagerly engage in creating homunculi. But, the creation time was extremely short and they were nothing but failures."
*Mari shrugs her shoulder as if to say "good grief".*
Mari: "So, I don't think the Officinalis family creates homunculi anymore. If by any chance they exist...it would be the case that they preserved the ones which were created in the past."
Mari: "But why are you making such a confused face? Certainly I may have used difficult words for you, Master."
Shuma: "......"
*For the time being, I'll put the screws on Mari...but she says homunculi exist...*
Shuma: "Hey, Mari."
Mari: "What is it? I'll say this in advance, but I won't tell you my bust-waist-hip measurements. If you really wanna know, additional tips..."
Shuma: "Maybe, has the Officinalis family been doing all kind of bad things behind the scenes?"
Mari: "How would I know something like that? I'm just a maid. Are you an idiot or something?"
Shuma: "...Anyway, Mari..."
Mari: "What is it?"
Shuma: "For the time being, you won't get any treats."
Mari: "Noooooo?!"
Calen: "Mmm...phew...Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "...Calen..."
*While I put a towel gently on Calen who breathes weakly and wipes sweat off her face...I've been thinking.*
*About the future and my relationship with Calen...*
*The distance between Calen and me seems to be much closer. But to be husband and wife, we need more mutual concessions.*
*To marry her, I must not only get along with her, but also change for her. I want to accept what I can accept.*
*Calen and I are changing. We are able to continue to change. And...I want to experience a new world with her.*
*I cannot imagine life without Calen. I find myself thinking it's natural for me to be together with her.*
*That strong something-is-wrong feeling I had when I absorbed the enemy still remains inside me.*
*I wish nothing would happen as it is, but it will.*
*Iris said she'll come to see me once again on the next full moon.*
*And that will be for me, no, for everybody, an end.*
*All things that will happen are going to determine everything about Calen and me, I suppose.*
Shuma: "......"
*Ah...the moon is beautiful tonight, too.*
Iris: "...Hmph, I knew it."
*In the world where there is no one but her, Iris Pumila throws sullen words at a companion who doesn't show himself.*
Iris: "Still, you underestimated me, didn't you, kid?"
Iris: "You say it is the first time to be called 'kid' after you have lived for more than 300 years? Hmph, well you are a mere kid with an empty inside, so don't even pretend to be a man."
Iris: "Well, 'problems caused by the elderly', about whom are you talking? I shall take that as a declaration of war. Wash your neck and wait for me. I shall eradicate your whole family within a half day."
Iris: "Hmph. Coward. Limit your bad jokes to having sent that homunculus. If you keep fooling about...I shall erase you."
Iris: "Ugh, as for the case of Lotus...that was because of unforeseen circumstances. Shut up. Therefore, I am doing it like this so that the Embroche will not die out."
Iris: "...Hmph."
Iris: "Seriously, I am not angry that you sent a homunculus to the kid... I was just telling you."
Iris: "......"
Iris: "...They are increasing in activity just as I thought."
Iris: "Hmph, mere hyenas and scraps, how impertinent..."
Iris: "Still, *evil laugh*, the situation in which you, who normally does not budge an inch, are forced to move seems to be quite bad... Oh, it is no laughing matter."
Iris: "We cannot leave it as one of the three clans is missing. We must quickly take measures...right."
Iris: "......"
Iris: "Ah, correct. That one, Shuma Embroche has no sign of awakening yet as usual."
Iris: "Do you realize a part of this responsibility is on you? Calen's blood. You should understand if I put it like this."
Iris: "You mean to say it is an unforeseen circumstance, or...?"
Iris: "...What would you like to do by telling me that."
Iris: "I have given the final notice already. If he does it in time, all will be good, otherwise all that is left for us will be to find a new body. In that situation, I shall demand your help."
Iris: "Oh, lastly. It is a matter of course, but those who confront me shall be eliminated, whoever they are."
Iris: "That is all."
*As she says this, the channel that's connected her to the world gets disconnected.*
Iris: "However many generations go down, Officinalis is always a sly old fox..."
*Placing her hand on her forehead as if bearing a painful headache, her sigh makes a small echo through the cold halls of the old castle.*
====================E-KL03_01.TXT====================
Calen: "Shuma-san, your wounds are almost healed, too."
Shuma: "Haha, I didn't expect they would be cured in such a short time. I miss the pains I used to have as a human."
Calen: "Well? I did not realize you preferred your pains to last longer. In that case, I must rethink a plan for my future a little."
Shuma: "I didn't mean that..."
Calen: "I was just saying it, too."
*Telling light jokes to each other, we laugh together in a moment of peace.*
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "......"
*However, silence that appears unexpectedly suggests that both of us have been clearly avoiding the most important topic.*
Calen & Shuma: "Say..."
Calen & Shuma: "...!"
Calen: "After you, Shuma-san..."
Shuma: "No, you go first...I've probably been thinking the same thing."
*I lie.*
*While I'm convinced it won't be the same, I yield to her.*
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
Calen: "What...are you going to do?"
*The words she hesitates to say to me...*
*...they are the words with a hope, even though it's very subtle.*
Shuma: "...All I can do is do what I can."
*Irresponsibly, I avoid her question.*
Calen: "...That is right."
Calen: "We do all we can do."
*Calen gives an overly cheerful laugh.*
Calen: "We cannot be nervous about tomorrow before we've even seen it... Oh, what were you about to say, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Haha, as I said, the same as you."
*How can I tell her...the way she looked when she faced Iris?*
Calen: "Oh, is that so? Hehe, we are two hearts beating as one, aren't we?"
*I laugh to keep in step with Calen who smiles happily.*
*How can I ask...what was the state in which she clearly lost her sense?*
Shuma: "It's just as we'd expect from us."
*I drift off the topic as if to escape from it.*
*I try to convince myself that we don't need to talk about it now.*
*Calen is recovered the following day. She shows herself in good spirits, but I still don't think she's in her normal condition.*
*It also seems that she's been straining herself so that Sakurako and I won't be worried about her. But right now, all I can do is believe her.*
*Over the next few days...there are no incidents and we have peaceful days.*
*Even though the problem with Iris isn't solved yet, it's the first time in a long time that we can relax our tensed feelings.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, you have not done your English homework yet."
Shuma: "I forgot about it... How about you, Calen?"
Calen: "Mine is done up to next week."
Shuma: "Sorry! Let me copy yours!"
Sakurako: "Come to think of it, how many languages do you speak?"
Calen: "I have never counted...English, Japanese, Russian, Arabic, Chinese...anything else, I wonder?"
Sakurako: "Wow, amazing! You're multilingual."
Calen: "Yes, Maltese dogs are cute, I love them."
Mari: "Hahaha, Lady Calen is stupid after all."
Calen: "How about putting a collar on Mari-san and dragging her around school at lunch time..."
Mari: "Lady Calen, you're genius! You're a genuine multilingual!"
Shuma: "Stupid..."
Sakurako: "By the way, you two don't date at school..."
Shuma: "Because we're really..."
Calen: "Bored."
Sakurako: "Hahaha...I guess that's true..."
Calen: "And, we do not need it anymore."
Sakurako: "Huh? You don't need it... What do you mean?"
Shuma: "Well, if Calen says so, then we don't."
Calen: "Hehehe!"
Sakurako: "...?"
*I've been feeling many incidents that happened have shortened the distance between Calen and me as much as it could. Like, we've stopped being awkward or straining our nerves for each other.*
*We don't need to unnaturally cling to each other or show ourselves off. It's best to be natural for both of us.*
*I'm sure that Calen thinks so too...*
Sakurako: "How about going to eat crepes after school again?"
Calen: "That sounds wonderful. I am thinking I would like to have one again♪"
Sakurako: "Then, let's invite Kaede-chan and Aoi..."
Shuma: "......"
Sakurako: "Oh, Aoi isn't here..."
Shuma: "Yeah...she's probably gone to report to the Holy See now."
Sakurako: "I'm sad Aoi is gone...but I'm sure she'll be back, won't she?"
Shuma: "I sure hope so..."
Calen: "......"
*Since that day, Aoi has suddenly stopped coming to school. Sakurako has been feeling really sad...*
*Aoi was not sociable to begin with, so there are few people who are concerned about her.*
*When we parted, she said something like she didn't want to be involved with us ever again. The possibility that we'll see her at school is...none.*
Mari: "A harem date again? Master, you really like it, don't you?"
Shuma: "No, I haven't said I'll go..."
Sakurako: "Won't you go? Well, we will take you anyway!"
Calen: "Right♪"
Shuma: "Let me take control once in a while..."
Shuma: "Is this place okay? Wouldn't a bigger place be better?"
Calen: "No, in order to fine-tune your power, this place is good enough."
*Calen brought me here for special training to fight Iris. Right now Calen and I sit face to face with a desk between us.*
Shuma: "My power, so you mean Deesse Morte?"
Calen: "No, a more fundamental one... Shuma-san, I would ask you to do special training for the Embroche's boost power."
Shuma: "Boost...why now??"
Calen: "Let me see, then I shall tell you a story. Shuma-san, do you know the reason why vampires are strong and scary?"
Shuma: "...Is it because we have magic powers humans don't, and we're also immortal?"
Calen: "That is so, too. But the story is more fundamental."
*And with that said, she pinches a corner of the desk with her slender fingers...then tears off a part as if it were a soft cake.*
Calen: "It is because of a great physical ability. Since we have overwhelming physical strength that is no match for humans, they are afraid of vampires."
Shuma: "I see. Then, how does that connect to the talk before?"
Calen: "Iris Pumila, we are going to fight her..."
*Her brow becomes slightly distorted.*
Calen: "Her power is unmistakably the top of all vampires...strong enough to bring the three family's hierarchies into a three-way deadlock all by herself."
Shuma: "...Right."
*It's connected. Finally what she wanted to say is connected.*
Shuma: "We are getting ready to fight against an unthinkable enemy."
*The vampire who can kill hundreds of humans all by herself.*
*The monster who started the war against an army of soldiers and survived.*
Calen: "She is a true monster... If we are careless even a little, we will be killed in the moment we face her."
*The reality she told me is hard to accept but must be true.*
Shuma: "...I got it. So at least I won't get killed instantly, I should practice boost. That's it?"
Calen: "Partly correct."
*So she says, then Calen puts the tote bag she carried and spreads its contents on the desk.*
Shuma: "...What are these?"
Calen: "These are special items to increase your boost power."
*She confidently nods her head. In her hands and on the desk...*
*...there are black lumps that seem to swallow up everything.*
Shuma: "You say items so...are they special items like Deesse Morte?"
Calen: "No. These are simple lumps of coal."
Shuma: "Coal?! Coal, you mean, that coal?"
*The type used for trains that go chug-chug?*
Calen: "I can easily assume what your guess is, but as you said, this is coal that supported the foundation of development during the industrial revolution."
Shuma: "...Do vampires and coal have some kind of connection?"
Calen: "No, we don't?"
Shuma: "...So, then why do lumps of coal become my power-up items?"
*Am I gonna eat these? Get life force from them? Don't they cause cancer?*
Calen: "No, we will not ingest or absorb them."
*These words relieve me a little.*
Calen: "They are only a tool for your practice."
Shuma: "...How are we gonna use them?"
Calen: "Turn them into diamonds."
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "Wha...?"
*I think I just heard something weird...*
Shuma: "C-Calen...sorry, but I didn't catch that, so one more time."
Calen: "You will turn these into diamonds from now."
*I don't understand no matter how many times I hear her.*
Shuma: "What? What? Diamonds? Coal into diamonds? I don't understand you at all."
Calen: "So, now, Shuma-san...look at my hands carefully."
*With a calm expression on her face, Calen picks up a tangerine-sized lump of coal and covers it with both hands.*
Calen: "There."
*With a cute shout...*
Calen: "It is all done now."
*Like a magic trick...*
Shuma: "...Y-es?"
Calen: "Here...a diamond is done."
*...she's created a marble-sized diamond.*
Shuma: "W-what? How did you do it? Magic? Trick? Alchemy?"
Calen: "No, this and just...I just compressed the coal using vampire physical strength to its fullest."
*She throws the diamond onto the floor and says this indifferently.*
Calen: "If you apply compression and heat to pure coal, you can turn it into a diamond. It's common sense."
*Then she smiles and gives the rest of the coal to me.*
Shuma: "Eh? W-what?"
Calen: "Now, I will ask you to do the same thing as I did."
*Before my understanding catches up, she forces a lump of coal into my hand.*
Calen: "While you collect life force into your hands, you grip the coal as hard as you can. Just that will suffice!"
*That's a smile which doesn't accept an objection. I probably won't be able to go home until I succeed.*
Shuma: "...By the way, if I can't do it today, what's gonna happen?"
*After hearing a powerless and mediocre person's remark on this clearly superhuman spectacle...*
Calen: "......"
*She closes her lips hesitantly.*
Calen: "If it is not possible, it cannot be helped... I will come up with another method."
*Then, she gives me a troubled smile and spins the words of resignation.*
Shuma: "...Alright."
*Her reaction makes me realize how much she's counting on me...and how much she despairs of the overwhelming difference in power between Iris and us.*
Calen: "I really do not think...you can control it in a day."
*She says this as if needing to convince herself, but clear disappointment is mixed in her voice.*
*She understands it is a difficult thing to achieve in general, but believes in the hope that I'll be able to do it.*
Shuma: "......"
*Sure, it will be difficult. Sure, it will be hard. However.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen. How much hand strength do you need to make a diamond out of coal?"
*It's premature to trample a hope of the girl I love before I even try, before I do my best.*
Calen: "Well..."
*She looks perplexed and opens her mouth slightly with her hand on her chin.*
Calen: "If I remember correctly, about one hundred thousand times the atmospheric pressure is enough."
*She shows me a shy, lovely smile.*
Shuma: "One hundred thousand times the atmospheric pressure. How much is it in kilos? About 300 kilos?"
*Yeah, I feel like I can do it. A cute girl's smile by itself becomes a driving force for men. I think I can do it if it's about 500 kilos!*
Calen: "It is 100 tons."
Shuma: "――――"
Calen: "If you apply 100 tons of pressure to one square centimeter, you can make a diamond."
Shuma: "...100 kilos?"
Calen: "100 tons. It is 100,000 kilograms."
*It's a secret, but I feel a little fear...when I see her smiling elegantly as if it were a trivial thing.*
Shuma: "Zueeeeeeeeeeeya!"
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "There, there there! There!"
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Toriyaaaaaaahhhh!"
Calen: "...Shuma-san. Yelling does not change results."
Shuma: "Yeah. I know. I know that but, see, like for motivation and such, right?"
*For 30 minutes, I've been gripping the lump of coal with my now completely black hands.*
Shuma: "*Wheeze*...haa, haah...waaaaaahhh!"
*At first, I thought all I needed to compress it was my strength. But that is not the case.*
Shuma: "*Panting*... Joyyaaaaaaaah!"
*What I need to do is properly spread life force throughout my body.*
*I need to wrap the coal not with my body, but with a thin film of life force through my fists, then crush it all.*
Shuma: "Gyaaaaaaahhh!"
*And burst. I need to maintain this explosive release of power which vampires and only my family have, but only in my hands.*
Shuma: "Ah, haaaaaah, haaaah...!"
Shuma: "I can't do it...so easily..."
*However, as if all my force does nothing to it, the coal laughs at me with its jet-black body.*
Calen: "......"
*As for Calen, she just quietly observes me.*
Shuma: "It's really embarrassing if you watch me so closely."
Calen: "...I am sorry. I am in your way."
Shuma: "No, you are not. I'm purely embarrassed because I can't do it properly...*sigh*..."
*Not physically but mentally, I am exhausted and give out a deep sigh.*
Calen: "......"
*Meanwhile, she keeps looking depressed.*
Shuma: "Is something bothering you? I'll listen to you. If I can, I'll help you solve the problem. As long as I can do something about it."
Calen: "...I am worried."
Shuma: "Worried?"
Calen: "If you do not awaken as a progenitor, we are going to fight Lady Pumila...but..."
Shuma: "...Still it's difficult..."
*Without a word, Calen nods as if to intentionally avoid saying, "no chance to win."*
Calen: "And...if you awaken as a progenitor...current Shuma-san might be gone..."
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "Shuma-san whom I love, Shuma-san whom loves me might become someone else...I cannot help thinking about it."
*Far different from her usual all-elegant tone, her speech sounds very feeble.*
Shuma: "I see...that makes you worry."
*Calen is more powerful than I am. Because of this, she has a better understanding of how strong Iris Pumila is, an out of standard being, compared with me.*
*As she knows it, she feels fear, anxiety and despise on such a level which is incomparable to mine.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen. This is, after all, about how much strength one can apply instantaneously?"
Calen: "It is so. This is training for controlling massive power and increasing our winning ratio even a little."
Shuma: "Then, besides creating a diamond from a lump of coal...it's no problem if we do training of, say, crushing a diamond into pieces in a second."
Calen: "I say no."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Calen: "I leave out details, but diamonds themselves are fragile enough to be crushed by a hammer."
Shuma: "Really? But aren't they supposed to be the hardest, toughest, second to none, and strongest?"
Calen: "They are not. The Mohs hardness of a diamond is considered to be the top among the minerals in the world. However, they are not necessarily the toughest, second to none, and strongest."
Shuma: "Really."
Calen: "If you apply an instant shock to them, they will be broken into pieces. And if you expose them to high temperature, they will evaporate and melt into the air."
Shuma: "I see... They look toughest, second to none and strongest, but have holes."
Calen: "Right. In other words, perfect things do not exist in this world."
Shuma: "I wonder if Iris has holes, too."
Calen: "I wonder. As far as I've seen, she doesn't have any holes..."
*In that moment, Calen's face which had a sorrowful look until now suddenly flushes.*
Shuma: "What did you say?"
Calen: "N-nothing...nothing at all."
*Seeing her obviously in panic, I wonder if there was a slip of the tongue which turned her face red.*
Shuma: "...Ha, oh that's it."
Calen: "No! No, it is not! That was, well, by accident, by accident!"
*Repeating "by accident, by accident", this beautiful girl denies her dirtiness, making her face red all the way down to her neck.*
Shuma: "Dirty mind."
Calen: "~~~~!"
*These words seem to have embarrassed her. Calen releases a silent scream and squirms.*
*Calen is really cute.*
Shuma: "......"
*And, while I'm thinking like this, my desire almost raises its head.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, you are...not nice."
*Her eyes moisten with tears and her cheeks are puffed up. My switch is now completely on.*
Shuma: "...Hey, Calen. If I do it within today, will you give me a reward?"
*I think my face filled with desire and looks vulgar.*
Calen: "W-well... What do you mean by a reward?"
Shuma: "A reward a young guy desires so much, that is, can't you guess...?"
*I insert my thumb between my fingers and show her a hand sign said to be banned on TV.*
Calen: "Ah...aw..."
*She must have understood my intention. Instantly she becomes all red like a boiled octopus and shyly covers her face with both hands.*
Shuma: "...Cute."
*Honestly, this reaction alone gives me enough material to masturbate to.*
Calen: "...If you can."
Calen: "If you can...I will."
*The beautiful girl suppresses her shyness and accepts the dirty proposal. My switch is more than enough on.*
Shuma: "I've got her promise, alrrrrrrright!"
*Her words are literally an energy source of tremendous power. Fatigue up to now suddenly becomes nothing to me, and I grip the coal with both my hands again.*
Shuma: "Yaahh... Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!"
*100 tons per square centimeter. In common-sense terms, it's an impossibly tremendous amount of power.*
*But it doesn't matter. For instance, Calen before me was able to do it and there's no reason that I cannot.*
Calen: "P-please do not strain yourself."
Shuma: "I'M NOT GONNA STRAIN MYSEEEEEEEELF!"
*Upper arms, wrists, joints, and from the tips of my fingers, to the edges of my nails, I unite them all into one, then make it leaner and thinner.*
*I don't crush the lump in my hands with an enforced grip, but compress it forcibly while utilizing all that surrounds my hands.*
Shuma: "Waaaaaaaah!"
*I hear my veins breaking, lukewarm liquid leaks through my nose.*
*I think I heard Calen disturbed and crying out, but my consciousness is full with the thought of a reward.*
*What am I going to do? What am I gonna ask her to do? Oh, how soft will she be? How warm...?*
*Sexual desire is one of the three primitive desires, and it's the most difficult to cut down for adolescent male students.*
*She will hustle for it, no, that's not it. She's promised to take on the job of releasing it.*
*I will overcome this trial. I'll do the same thing as she did. Just doing it, I will have a wonderful reward from her.*
*If I specifically mention it...*
Shuma: "Buuuuuurst!"
*...Gloomy feelings I've suppressed, lowbrow desires, wish for an overpowering release, catharsis...*
Shuma: "...Yaaaaaaaaahhhhh!"
*Along with a cry coming from the bottom of my heart, I burst these feelings against this innocent black object in my hand all at once.*
Shuma: "............*Cough*?!"
*In the second I run out of steam, despondency takes over my entire body and I instantly become half conscious.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?! Are you alright?!"
Shuma: "Y-yeah...I'm okay...anyway...the coal?"
*Calen holds up my collapsing body with her soft body. So soft, warm, smells good.*
Shuma: "Hehe...I don't mind dying like this."
Calen: "Shuma-san. Please do not say die, even if it is a joke."
*Calen pouts with discontent. Every one of her reactions is cute.*
Shuma: "Sorry, sorry...so, how is the coal?"
Calen: "Well..."
*We look around to find the coal that escaped as I was drained of strength. Then, almost at the same time, our wandering eyes stop.*
Shuma: "...Ha, haha."
*A diamond, the pinnacle of jewelry lies there. All I can do...is laugh.*
Calen: "It cannot be...you actually made it."
*Calen's voice suggests she cannot believe what she's seeing.*
Shuma: "Hey, hey, please believe in your husband. How can't I do it when you can?"
*I get a little carried away.*
Calen: "A-hahaha...truly so...hehe."
*However, Calen doesn't seem to deny my words.*
Calen: "Honestly...you've succeeded in what I couldn't do. Indeed, you are my wonderful Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Like this, she squeezes me as if she were the one who had done it and were a child.*
Calen: "Amazing... You succeeded in a thing even I could not achieve, and in such a short time."
Shuma: "...What?"
*Somehow her words stick in my mind. Well, various parts of her body are sticking, too.*
Shuma: "What do you mean by, 'I could not achieve'? You just did it, too...right?"
*I turn my eyes to the diamond Calen made and threw away as an example...but only jet-black coal quietly sits there.*
Calen: "That was an illusion."
Shuma: "An illusion?!"
Calen: "Yes. When I asked you to concentrate on my hands, you dropped all your guard... It was easy."
*So she says and laughs cheerfully.*
Shuma: "E-eh? Then...how much is true?"
Calen: "Except for the part that I created a diamond from coal, everything else is true... I did not expect you had the ability to really create a diamond."
Shuma: "Well...you mean, I was tried?"
Calen: "I have learned that gentlemen exhibit more than usual powers when their pride is incited."
*Well, I have no objection to that.*
Calen: "However, I did not expect you would succeed!"
*Instantly, her face lights up like a blooming flower.*
Calen: "Truly, truly I cannot believe it!"
Shuma: "Oh, oh! Ah?!"
*The feeling she gives me each time she squeezes my body is ultimate and supreme sublimity.*
*The intense sensation which is unleashed by her feminine swelling and body-line, which can be called perfect, is so overwhelming that touching it could drive away all unhappiness.*
*Certainly, there are obstructions of clothes and underwear. There are, but even if they are in the way, her feminine body can still be felt.*
Shuma: "Valhalla is here..."
Calen: "What do you mean?"
*While still clinging to me, Calen curiously looks up. The combination of physical touch, unadulterated lust, and those upturned eyes which push out loveliness and innocence, strike me dead center.*
Shuma: "Calen, you're cute. I want to make love to you. I want to make you mine."
Calen: "...!"
*I hear Calen catching her breath. Then, her heart begins to beat so violently that I can feel it clearly through her body.*
Calen: "Would you like a reward?"
*Of course. With that reply, I steal her soft lips.*
====================E-KL03_02H_N.TXT====================
Calen: "Haa, haah...I have a very strange feeling... I may do whatever you tell me to..."
*............*
====================E-KL03_03.TXT====================
Shuma: "Come to think of it, you're always with me, but when you're alone, what do you do privately?"
Calen: "What are you saying, Shuma-san? There is not any private time between husband and wife, is there?"
Shuma: "Yes, I do think there is... You don't want to be looked at when you're in the toilet, do you?"
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Sorry, cancel that. Let's pretend this never happened. So please don't get sulky or I'll want to attack you."
Mari: "I wonder if he made that remark after thinking over what he usually does, this master who's worse than an animal."
Calen: "Foolish dog. Will you ever learn? Making such a remark about Shuma-san who is your master and my husband...means you are prepared for an appropriate punishment."
Mari: "Foolish Dog?! No, the dog part isn't wrong. But please don't look at me with a serious intention to kill?! I'm going to have an accident?! Seriously I am?!"
Shuma: "Oh, yeah... For the time being, Calen, I'm already resigned to who she is...so will you forgive her out of consideration for me?"
Mari: "Please wait, please wait a moment. Why do I have to be treated like a poor thing right there? That's clearly unfair, isn't it?"
Calen: "Shuma-san..."
Mari: "Geez...right there, I don't even exist in her eyes."
Mari: "In the end, I'll get seriously bummed and run away from home."
Shuma: "Mari, I do believe in you."
Mari: "...For what?"
Shuma: "I believe you're one of those dogs that comes back home when hungry."
Mari: "Please at least believe in me as a maid! Why do you try to focus on the dog side, instead?"
Shuma: "Because you're closer to a dog if choosing between the two."
Calen: "Her favorite food is dog food. The person she likes is the one who gives her dog food. The type of male she fancies is a Great Dane."
Mari: "Great Dane..."
Shuma: "Hmm. Mari is violated while almost being crushed by the Great Dane's big studly physique. She desperately tries to escape, but succumbs to the overwhelming strength and intense pleasure piercing through her body."
Shuma: "She cries out like a bitch in heat, then becomes addicted to the excitement of carnal desire...I see."
Mari: "Long! That's long! And not 'I see'?! I mean, please don't release a fantasy that could seriously break my heart! That's mental domestic violence, mental DV?!"
Shuma: "This is animal violence, so it's AV for short!"
Mari: "Why are you looking like you said something smart?! I'll knock you down!"
Calen: "...Being pleased while violated...indeed, a mangy cur is in a different class."
Mari: "Hey?! It's just a fantasy! I'll never do things like in those treasured, perverted books kept in Master's attic!"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "...Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "No...this is...not...no, this...is not allowed to...happen..."
Mari: "Yikes... Master's face has instantly changed to the one like you have when you find a pinky finger-sized canker sore on the day you go to an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet you've been looking forward to."
Calen: "Shuma-san. As for your treasured, perverted books...what sort of content do they have inside?"
Shuma: "N, no...well, this is a...pack of lies Mari concocted to put me in a difficult position..."
Mari: "The desk in Master's room actually has a mechanism on its leg..."
Shuma: "Mari! I'm gonna get you Monpachi! A dog treat that makes a 'pachi pachi' crackling noise! See! Let's make a deal!"
Mari: "M-Mon Pachi?!"
Shuma: "Right! And I'll buy you a business use pack! How about that?!"
Mari: "B-business use?!"
Mari: "......"
Mari: "I-it can't be helped."
*The way she drools in the streets with narrowed eyes and an ecstatic expression on her face, makes her look like nothing but a suspicious person.*
Mari: "Lady Calen, Lady Calen!"
Calen: "...What is it?"
Mari: "About Master's treasured, perverted books..."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "Actually, they're not perverted at all..."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "So, it is nothing for Lady Calen to be concerned...w-why? Why are you coming so close to me with your eyes red? W-well, I'm not really lying..."
Calen: "Tell me the truth, Mari-san...otherwise..."
Calen: "...we are going to decorate our home with a new objet d'art?"
*Calen grabs Mari's head with her slender fingers.*
Mari: "......"
*A big drop of sweat rolls down Mari's cheek.*
Mari: "First in the attic. Mainly family themed. Second is at the leg of the desk. Mainly beast themed. Third is in the wall behind the fridge. Mostly voyeur. Fourth..."
*Yeah, I knew it.*
*It was nothing but stupid to make a deal in front of a person I wanted to hide information from.*
Calen: "......"
*Calen's face is all red. Mari explains with an expressionless face but with violated eyes. This is a portrait of Hell.*
Mari: "...is cuckolding. Sixth is behind a bookshelf. Mainly preggo. Seventh..."
Shuma: "Hey, Calen...please. Let me explain. I mean, if you're so embarrassed that you cannot help from being flushed, please stop listening to her."
Calen: "I...I'm fine..."
Calen: "Whatever your sexual taste is...it is nothing to me, your wife, Calendula..."
Mari: "...Eighth is under the floor. Mainly groping themed. Ninth is behind the cabinet. Mainly loli themed."
Calen: "~~~~...!"
*Mari scatters around maliciously with dead eyes while Calen, with hers all red, squirms.*
Shuma: "Haha...at a time like this...I have no idea how I should react..."
*For the time being, all I can do is have a bitter smile at the Heaven and Hell happening in front of me.*
Shuma: "...*Sigh*..."
*I wonder how many extra hours I'll have to spend explaining that more than half of these are not mine...*
Shuma: "......"
*I'm in the middle of walking, thinking about this.*
Shuma: "...You two, will you give me a sec."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
*Hearing my serious voice, the two stop their conversation.*
Shuma: "...What do you think?"
*The same world expands in front of us as usual, but the fog which envelopes the streets raises my suspicion.*
Mari: "In all probability, it is Lady Pumila's doing."
Calen: "Sunlight is a natural enemy to vampires... So, if you block it with this thick fog, you are hardly weakened by it."
*Calen, a female student whose face was all red until now, is gone. Instead, Calendula Officinalis, the vampire, knits her eyebrows and bites her lip.*
Mari: "It seems this situation is really getting into full swing."
Shuma: "You're pretty optimistic."
Mari: "Life is long and hard, you can't survive unless you think optimistically."
Shuma: "...That's true."
*The smile that seems to chase away worry puts a smile on my face.*
Calen: "I...I am always happy as long as I am with you, Shuma-san."
*So she says, and in a pout, pulls my arm to her breast and hugs it.*
Shuma: "Eh, ah..."
Calen: "How about you, Shuma-san?"
*Upturned eyes seem to be imploring me.*
Calen: "Do you think you will be able to be happy with me?"
*Delightful voice.*
Shuma: "...Of course."
*It is impossible to resist her love.*
Shuma: "Honestly, even now I'm happy to death..."
**Throb*.*
*In that moment, something trembles deep inside my ears.*
Woman: "*Scream*!"
*An air-cutting scream echoes around.*
Shuma: "...!"
*We automatically turn our eyes toward the source of the scream.*
Shadow: "............"
*It must have finished sucking blood already.*
*Leaving an unconscious woman at its feet, the non-human monster turns its cold eyes to us.*
Calen: "What a flashy appearance."
Mari: "Negligence or conceit. Either case, it's a moron, moron."
Shuma: "...I think it's game over for the monster if it's called that by you."
*I crack a joke and put strength into my clasped fist.*
Calen: "Shuma-san...what are you doing?"
Shuma: "What am I doing? Of course, you know―"
Calen: "Are you going to waste life force before the fight with Lady Pumila?"
Shuma: "...!"
*Calen grips my wrist with her thin arm.*
*I see an unshakable determination in her to not let me go.*
Shadow: "――――"
Shuma: "Oh!"
*Seeing that, the monster takes the chance and dissolves itself into a shadow.*
Calen: "Shuma-san. What do we have to do first? Please think about our priorities."
Shuma: "B-but if I leave it alone...!"
*Another victim will be created.*
*Another innocent victim will be created like the one who's suffering right in front of me.*
Mari: "Master...you are not a total idiot, so please think a little bit more."
Shuma: "Mari...you, too?"
Calen: "Shuma-san. Please collect yourself... Certainly, once you defeat the monster and absorb its power, your life force could be recovered up to a certain point."
Calen: "However, that is nothing but an assumption. It is possible that the amount of life force you can absorb after defeating it, might be less than what you consume during the battle."
Shuma: "...Yeah."
*It might end up being a completely wasted effort.*
*Worse than that, it could be a trap.*
*What they're talking about is more or less correct.*
Calen: "Rather, you should suck life force from the attacked women and make sure to increase your―"
*However...*
Shuma: "But..."
*I've got the power.*
*Right now, I have a massive power to knock down and crush small evils in front of me.*
Shuma: "But after seeing that display...I can't walk away."
*I flatly refuse to lay one small regret on top of another because I turn a blind eye to them.*
Calen: "......"
Calen: "...*Sigh*."
*Calen drops a painful sigh.*
Calen: "Shuma-san...may I ask you one thing?"
*She looks straight at me with her big eyes.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, if we were not here with you, would you go fight by yourself?"
Shuma: "...Probably, I would."
Calen: "I see..."
Calen: "Then..."
Calen: "If you didn't have your current vampire power, what would you do?"
Shuma: "......"
*I lose my breath over the unexpected question.*
Shuma: "I don't know."
*I return an honest but vague answer.*
Calen: "...I see."
*So she says, then slightly lowers her long lashes.*
Calen: "As I expected...you are the Shuma-san I am in love with."
*She hugs my arm in her bosom and smiles happily.*
Shuma: "Whoa?! W-wait...w-what?!"
Calen: "I am sorry. I have just calmed down my overwhelming emotions."
*Calen narrows her eyes cheerfully and finally separates my arm from her body.*
Shuma: "Ah..."
Calen: "In that case, let us defeat it quickly, my dear husband?"
*She holds my hand tightly and smiles shyly.*
Mari: "...You two are as hot and heavy as ever. Must be nice to always receive so much affection!"
Mari: "Anyway, I'm the one who got Master's first time."
Shuma: "Hey, you?!"
Calen: "Shuma-san...It is fine."
Calen: "I, Calen...am happy as long as I can be your last woman."
Shuma: "...Calen!"
Mari: "Really, there's no space for me to step in..."
Mari: "I...will be fine as long as I won't be thrown away as a maid..."
Mari: "For the time being, I'll do my best not to drag you down."
Shadow: "...Z...z..."
Shuma: "I found it!"
Mari: "It wasn't very far away."
Calen: "Well, this is more convenient."
*That said, Calen curls her delicate lips.*
*That also makes the surrendering air instantly feel muddy and sticky to the skin.*
Shuma: "Wait, Calen...leave this to me, will you?"
Calen: "...Understood."
*My words dissolve the solidifying air.*
Mari: "Are you really alright by yourself?"
Shuma: "If you seriously think it's beyond me, please lend me a hand. That'll help."
*At that moment, I take a step forward, and imagine.*
*The important thing is the image, to strongly believe.*
*The power to protect is in my hand.*
*The power to defeat is in my hand.*
Shuma: "...Good."
*In less than a second, the big sword appears and is gripped in my hand.*
*Deesse Morte. The power of a blow being brought down by the sword crowned as Goddess of Death is incomparable.*
*It becomes a blade that unilaterally dispels hostility standing under my very nose.*
Mari: "Oh! You have become so fast!"
Calen: "That is exactly what I expect from my dear husband."
*At heart, I desperately suppress the urge to grin at those flowery words coming from behind.*
Shuma: "Brace yourself...monster!"
*Towards the hostility which glares at me with outline-less eyes, I take a step.*
Shuma: "...P-phew."
*My breath is not getting cold yet, but a sensation as if all the cells in my body become drained of energy, runs through me.*
*Under my nose, I see the shadow has completely stopped moving.*
*There lays the immobilized monster whose jet black body looks like disorderly mixed paints.*
Mari: "It was a more overwhelming win than I expected."
*I can never win if I depend only on a blow of the sword.*
*Precisely because I can release this strongest Joker, I need to have the techniques leading up to it.*
Shuma: "Well...I guess I produced the results of our training a little..."
Calen: "Hehehe, that flowing empty-hand fight in the middle was splendid!"
Mari: "Oh, the successive attacks after that kick were really amazing! Master, where did you learn such a technique?"
Shuma: "Manga."
Calen & Mari: "Eh?"
Shuma: "I said, 'manga!' I read the technique so I learned by imitation."
*To be honest, I could hardly think this technique is usable in a real fight.*
Mari: "But your movement is extremely smooth, isn't it?"
Shuma: "Our physical abilities are fundamentally different."
*Humans have physical limitations.*
*For example, Shinken Shirahadori, a technique to catch an enemy's sword with bare hands. It is considered to be the ultimate among techniques handed down from ancient times.*
*Taking this alone, it's possible for me now to evade at the same speed as the sword and grab its blade. So, this is not a particularly difficult technique.*
Shuma: "I feel I can use most of the martial arts in manga now."
*I say this and slowly walk toward the monster.*
Shadow: "――――"
*It cannot speak or move. Its eyes, which nobody knows if they still work, show no fear at my approach and simply remain still.*
Shuma: "Well then...I'll suck you."
*On the pretext of defeating Iris, I extend my hand to the monster in front of me to absorb its power.*
Shuma: "Ugh!"
*However, my hand is blocked by a cutting blow landed from above before it reaches the monster.*
Shuma: "...What are you doing, Aoi?"
*I can sense her clear intention from my fingertips which touch the edge of her cold blade.*
Aoi: "I must talk... Will you listen to me?"
Shuma: "...Are you asking me? Or..."
Aoi: "I'm asking."
*So she says before I can ask her if it's a coercive order.*
Calen: "You are really in a hurry. Could you wait until Shuma-san absorbs life force?"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "...Shuma."
*Aoi ignores Calen's words and turns her clinging eyes to me.*
*As I see her clearly, I find her face is pale and she seems to barely put on a front.*
Shuma: "...Mari. Will you leave us alone for a short time?"
Mari: "Are you going into a sex scene? Are you going to make them serve you? Am I the only one left alone?"
Calen: "...Mari-san."
Mari: "Yes...I'll go over there."
*That said, Mari walks away with her back arched like a scolded puppy.*
Aoi: "...Let's go somewhere else."
Shuma: "...Right."
Aoi: "First...it may be late, but let me apologize."
Aoi: "I'm sorry for the other day."
*When we arrive some distance into the park, Aoi lowers her head to us.*
Shuma: "...Is that for the last time?"
*Her words bring back the scene from the other day in my head.*
*She attacked us with blank eyes. She didn't look like the same person she is now.*
Aoi: "Yes. When you were fighting Iris' familiar...I was controlled by God."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "...Aren't you surprised?"
Shuma: "There were several things that made me think...and..."
Aoi: "And?"
Shuma: "You are honest to a fault. It's impossible for you to willingly profit while others fight as you did the other day."
Aoi: "...I will take it as a compliment."
*She purses her lips with discontent.*
Shuma: "...And? Is that all you want to say?"
Aoi: "No way."
*As I continue to ask, she has more to apologize for...*
Aoi: "I was...conscious that time."
Aoi: "I was just absentmindedly observing my body while it was moving automatically."
Calen: "Did you just bother calling us here to give only excuses and a hollow apology?"
Shuma: "Calen..."
Aoi: "...I should have gotten straight to the point."
*Aoi sighs at Calen who speaks without hiding her irritation and narrows her eyes.*
Aoi: "Let me tell you the conclusion, first. Calen, you are..."
*Her words are not directed to the sworn enemy.*
Aoi: "...not a vampire."
*Her eyes reveal her mixed feelings.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Haha, what are you talking about?"
*I follow her dry words.*
Shuma: "Calen is a vampire. Right, Calen?"
*I ask Calen to agree with me.*
Calen: "......"
*But she doesn't say anything.*
*With eyes filled with sorrow, Calen keeps her red lips tight.*
Shuma: "H-hey...?! Calen...!"
*You are not a vampire.*
*For proud Calen, those words are abuse which is equal to having her life defiled.*
*However gentle Calen is, and even if Aoi is a person of no importance, it's not a remark that can be allowed.*
Aoi: "...Even you...have realized it in fact, haven't you?"
*She looks at me as if she spat up.*
Shuma: "...That is...impossible."
Aoi: "Then, I ask... Why did Calen get out of control like that?"
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Can you explain it? You can't, can you?"
Shuma: "That's...but!"
*It's the same for Aoi. Or so it should be.*
Aoi: "I can explain it...because it was the same."
Shuma: "Eh?"
*But Aoi denies it.*
Aoi: "Because I was controlled, because I was conscious, I could clearly understand it."
Aoi: "You getting out of control was not like the progenitor Iris, much less the vampires I had fought up to now... So I realized...you were a doll."
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
*I cannot let her say more than this.*
*I understand it in my head, but I cannot stop her.*
Shuma: "...What...are you getting at?"
*The phrase, "Don't say it" is enough to end everything, but I let her play the villain's role on purpose.*
Aoi: "Can you...trust a puppet when you don't know its background?"
Shuma: "...!"
*I cannot deny her.*
Aoi: "That time, this...Calendula Officinalis was unmistakably taken over by something that was not her."
*Self-torture or sympathy.*
*A gloomy tone in her voice pulls back the words which came up to my throat.*
Aoi: "Well, Shuma..."
Aoi: "Maybe you love Calen. Maybe you trust her. But..."
Aoi: "Is there any proof that the Officinalis family, who sent Calen to you, has been on the side of the Embroche?"
Shuma: "...!"
*Aoi's words don't stop.*
*However, I cannot come up with words to retort.*
*No, that's not it. My sentimental argument trying to come out is suppressed by my own reason.*
Aoi: "If Calen is a weapon against Iris, then what is the reason for you to fight, Shuma?"
Aoi: "Without changing you to the progenitor, isn't Calen enough to defeat Iris?"
Aoi: "First of all, why did she come to you having disguised her homunculus self as a vampire?"
Calen: "That is enough Shuma-san."
*Calen breaks her continued silence after this.*
*She bends her silvery-white fingers, and flames which burn the air rise from the tips.*
Aoi: "Hmph, so you've decided on a lonely departure from Shuma?"
*While oozing cold sweat from her forehead, Aoi reaches for her prey.*
Aoi: "You are just a provisional 'lady', yet your pride is full-grown..."
Calen: "......"
*Energy is collected and compressed, then strings which follow her slender arms raise their serpent-like heads.*
*Calen doesn't say it in words, but it's clear that even anger dominates her breathing.*
Shuma: "Calen! Calm down!"
Calen: "...!"
*I embrace Calen's body.*
Shuma: "There's no meaning in us fighting here."
Calen: "Shuma...san."
Calen: "...That is right."
*Her usual calm voice gives me a little relief.*
Shuma: "Aoi, you too. I'm sorry, but will you pull out today?"
Shuma: "We're confused with too many things to process..."
Aoi: "...Understood."
*She gives me a quick and sympathetic answer which is, in a sense, unlike her and then turns on her heels.*
Aoi: "But Shuma, remember one thing..."
*She looks at me once before leaving.*
Aoi: "Me who is human, and Calen who is not..."
Aoi: "You who kept saying passionately you were human... Which of us do you believe?"
*With these words behind her, she disappears into the darkness of the night with a sound of extremely dry tapping from her steps.*
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "...Shuma-san, well..."
Shuma: "Don't worry, Calen."
Calen: "Ah."
Shuma: "Whatever you are, Calen, I can accept you as you are."
*As I pat her lustrous hair, she shyly shrinks her body.*
*Yeah, alright. I'm not in doubt anymore.*
Shuma: "Take this!"
*Without even a scream, grotesque shadows are destroyed by the hand of Shuma-san again today.*
*His weapon, Deesse Morte is more powerful than I imagined, and to him, who is now accustomed to wielding it, phantom shadows are hardly a concern.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Shuma: "...Sorry."
*The problem is this.*
*He is not willing to absorb life force from the monsters he defeats.*
Calen: "Why do you not suck life force?"
Calen: "Do you believe Aoi-san's words rather than your own body?"
*No, it is not. This is not what I would like to say.*
Shuma: "Not like that...but..."
Calen: "Then, why do you not suck life force?"
Calen: "You are an unmistakable vampire. If you don't suck life force, you will become weak. Shuma-san, you must know it more than anyone."
*The tone of my voice becomes rough. Why? This is not what I would really like to say.*
Calen: "If you don't win the battle with Lady Pumila by whatever means, you will be surely killed."
Shuma: "That's..."
*A clear look of impatience appears on his face.*
*It is understandable. A progenitor's power is not a show. If you face her with a half-assed resolution, not even a speck of your dust will be left behind.*
Shuma: "Th-that's why I've been practicing with Deesse Morte..."
Calen: "Do you truly think you can win with that?"
Calen: "If you would truly like to win and survive, you would search for the means even if you must literally sell your soul to the Devil!"
*No, I have no intention of saying this terrible thing.*
*But, but, my mouth does not stop. I know if the words I spit out were a knife, it would turn back and stab me also.*
Calen: "In fact, you would like to have remained being human, would you not?"
Shuma: "...!"
*The color of his face visibly changes. I said it. I finally said it.*
Calen: "You would rather live in the world which has nothing to do with monsters like us, would you not?"
Shuma: "Stop, Calen..."
Calen: "You felt disgusted at me who pretended to adore you calculatingly, did you not?"
Shuma: "Stop...Calen...!"
Calen: "You made love to me, you loved me, all of this because..."
Shuma: "Calen!"
*As if he is trying to block my words, he embraces my body with all his might.*
*He's embracing me. Me. My body.*
Calen: "...of pity, is it not?"
Shuma: "Please...don't say something like that."
*His arms around me are becoming heavy with strength. It is strong, so strong that it is painful.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Shuma: "True, it was not easy in the beginning. There were times I couldn't take it anymore. But...I love you. I already fell in love with you."
Calen: "...That is just imprinting."
Shuma: "Even so!"
Shuma: "Even so, I fell in love with you...whatever you are, I've come to think I want to live with you!"
Shuma: "So...please don't say things to belittle yourself, don't talk as if you were not loved..."
*His voice is mixed with a twang.*
*Oh, the reality that I have been hurting him torments my heart so much, I feel disgusted.*
Calen: "Shuma...san..."
*I knew inside, my heart does not follow reason.*
*I should have understood in my head that my heart was an incalculable and troublesome thing.*
Calen: "...I am sorry."
*His words and his embrace make me happy, so much so that I wish to let out everything.*
Shuma: "Calen...mmm?!"
*I give a light kiss on his lips.*
*Like the one children give to each other, like making a little promise, it is that sort of light kiss.*
Calen: "...Ah."
*I slowly remove my lips. Even this time is painful but precious.*
Calen: "Shuma-san...I will go around by myself a little."
Shuma: "What...mmm?!"
*Without allowing myself time to be lost in the afterglow of the kiss, I put my lips on his.*
Calen: "Mmm...*kiss*..."
*This time, it is a little more of an adult kiss, our entire lips touch together.*
*A sweet kiss that desires each other's moisture and the feeling of each other's warmth.*
Calen: "...Ahh."
*The kiss lasted only a few seconds. Still with happiness feeling like eternity in my heart, I tell him.*
Calen: "I have something to think about...and Aoi-san goes by herself, too."
*I must surely be under an illusion.*
*I must be ecstatic because I am loved by him.*
*Otherwise...I must be jealous. I'm jealous of Aoi-san who is a human, just as Shuma-san used to be.*
Shuma: "B-but...!"
Calen: "I will make sure to come back...so please do not worry about me."
*I am not calm. My current behavior cannot be reasonable.*
*Still...my heart will not change.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "Make sure...make absolutely sure to come back to me."
Shuma: "This is not a promise, not a favor, not even an order, either."
Shuma: "A pledge...a contract between Shuma Kusanagi and Calendula Officinalis."
Calen: "......"
*I am taken back a little. However, I nod at his strong tone and extended pinky finger.*
Calen: "Yes...!"
*We hook our pinky fingers and sing a song together, then we smile and exchange goodbyes.*
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... I took his story with a grain of salt... However, considering you have finally arrived here like this, Officinalis' story cannot be dismissed as false altogether."
*Atop the highest building in town, a black, violent wind hits her cheeks.*
*Sitting atop of the well-over-100-meters-high building, with her legs dangling and watching hundreds of lights shining like fireflies in summer, the progenitor smiles pleasantly.*
Calen: "...You are the one who called me."
Iris: "You are the one who wished this meeting first, right, Calen? I simply answered it."
*Without even meeting my gaze, the progenitor in front of me chuckles.*
*He said he would accept me, whatever I am.*
*However, I cannot depend on his kindness without knowing my origin.*
*At the very least, I must know myself. Myself, which I can't even figure out.*
*To find out my roots, I stand in front of the progenitor, Iris Pumila.*
Iris: "Or what? Did you not come by your own wish but by someone else's?"
Calen: "...Yes."
*I heard a voice.*
*I could recognize it as Iris' without a doubt.*
*However...there is no ground to refute the reason I acted as if I was led by the voice, because I have the function embedded in me, to kill her.*
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... Do not be so suspicious. You are worrying, but it is your own will that led you here."
Iris: "That is not from some second personality created by the Officinalis, like how you are imagining."
Calen: "Lady Pumila, you know all about my origin after all."
*My heart inevitably jumps.*
Iris: "Oh, I know. Of course I know. Including that you are trembling at the bottom of your heart, not knowing when you may lose yourself and attack me."
Calen: "Ugh!"
*We are not looking each other in the eyes. We are not facing each other.*
*In spite of the situation, she is turning her back toward me. Even though I stand right behind her, I cannot conjure up an image of defeating her in the least.*
*Of course, it is not that I want to fight...but my body might move by itself and she will kill me as a result. I am terribly afraid of such a future that is beyond my control.*
Iris: "No need to brace yourself... You will not react to me right now."
Calen: "...What is, 'not react'?"
Iris: "Just as those words mean. Once I release life force above a certain line, you will become recklessly out of control."
Iris: "In other words, as long as it is below that line, you will not lose control of yourself."
Iris: "A weapon which runs out of control easily and involves others is nothing but useless."
Calen: "...I see."
*Her words only slightly relieve me.*
*I am glad. I do not worry about hurting him in my unconscious state.*
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... Despite that you are in front of your enemy, you show such a careless face. Have your piled-up, tender emotions made you a fangless coward?"
Calen: "......"
Calen: "I...I am not."
*I hit my cheeks with both hands and tighten up my feelings.*
Iris: "You should at least keep up your tone of voice. Otherwise, you might as well say it is all true."
Iris: "Fine then... I shall know whether you are a coward or not soon enough."
Calen: "Ugh!"
*In a flash, the surrounding air gets compressed as if in a deep sea.*
*Splendid lights in the distance become crushed by refraction, and along with light from the stars, they create distorted illuminants in the air.*
Calen: "Ah...aah...!"
*Blood throughout my whole body begins to heat up as if it were put on a boiling hot stove.*
*Her small back displayed before my eyes starts to look sinister.*
*I must destroy her with my own hands.*
Calen: "Ah, aaaaaaahhhh!"
*As instinct leads me, I throw down my right hand slantwise from her little shoulder.*
Iris: "Hmm...about this much."
Calen: "What...ah?!"
*Instantly I come to myself and, at the same time, an empty void opens up in front of me.*
*In that moment, my brain understands it is darkness and sky...and I am about to fall in head first.*
Iris: "I know the borderline that makes you run wild."
*My scream and body barely stay on the roof thanks to her hand which is extended from behind.*
Calen: "Eep?!"
*Soon my body is forcefully thrown to the opposite direction, and I am back in the same place.*
Calen: "Th-th-thank you very much?"
Iris: "I have done nothing to be thanked for."
*While I agree with her words, I open my mouth again.*
Calen: "Well, it would be fine to know as much as you do, Lady Pumila...so would you please tell me about myself."
Iris: "Hmm... You say such a strange thing. You are supposed to know yourself the most, are you not?"
Calen: "No. I know nothing about myself. About myself, my body, the meaning of my creation...nothing."
Iris: "Hmph. Such things, you should ask someone like your father."
Calen: "......"
Iris: "You were neither given an opportunity nor reasons, I see..."
Iris: "Hmph, this is what they call child neglect these days... That man is too lazy, really. I wonder whom he took after."
*After saying so, she sighs in an affected manner and becomes listless.*
*It is certainly my imagination...that she seems to be a little lonely.*
Iris: "Officinalis, Embroche and...Pumila."
Iris: "Three of us who are now called the progenitors came from Derniere to this world two thousand years ago. We were inhabitants of another world so to speak."
Calen: "...What?"
*The words and conversation do not connect. What is she talking about anyway?*
Iris: "Derniere was a completely desolate world, filled with foul life force, and no new creatures were born there. That was a world waiting for its slow death."
Iris: "We forsook Derniere and fled to this world to survive."
Calen: "......"
*Words have failed me.*
*Although I listen to her wild story of a different world and its inhabitants, it is impossible for me to fully understand it.*
*However...*
Iris: "We thought this world was heaven."
*...I cannot stop her, who seems to be talking about a happy memory and smiles. I have no means to stop her.*
Iris: "Many lives sparkle, apply and refine themselves, then increase their brightness, then spin a history to the next generation."
Iris: "Such a world could truly exist..."
Calen: "......"
*She is talking nonsense.*
Iris: "And I wonder if we could live in such a wonderful world from now on."
*But her words are convincing.*
*The expression of her face while she talks about the event as if it had happened yesterday...*
Iris: "I have never felt such a shock before or after that time."
*...is very impressive to me. Seeing it for the first time, as it shows on this two-thousand-year-old vampire's face, who looks terribly younger than her appearance.*
Calen: "...How does that connect to my origins?"
Iris: "Do not rush me. Although this world was like paradise, it had a fatal drawback. No, I should call it a flaw for us."
Iris: "Our bodies and this world's life force were not compatible. So for this world, we were foreign matter."
Iris: "Things like simple breathing affected us like poison, leading us to a slow but sure death... We were in despair."
*That is the story of the first three. And...*
Iris: "We searched for a solution in every possible way. In order to adapt to this world, we repeated trial and error, then found it. It was..."
Calen: "...Human blood."
Iris: "Correct. We found out we could survive by acquiring blood from the natives of this world."
*This is the dawn of vampires.*
Iris: "Well, that story has little importance. The crucial point is..."
Calen: "W-what?!"
*No, do not get carried away. I cannot distract my mind now.*
*Trying to be calm as much as possible, I concentrate on Iris' words.*
Iris: "The crucial point is...creation of homunculi was included in those trial and errors."
*Homunculi!!*
Iris: "If our bodies were rejected in this world, there would be no problem if we acquired new ones."
Iris: "After all, we had not enough time. We found the method of blood sucking, so the creation of homunculi was shelved."
Calen: "What...?"
Iris: "However, that doll fool seemed to have continued the study by himself. Back then, I was at war with Aconite Embroche, therefore I do not know the details."
Calen: "Oh, If I remember correctly...it was a war between the First Embroche who advocated a reconciliation with humans, and you who demanded unilateral control through strength, was it not?"
Iris: "......"
*What? Am I wrong?*
Iris: "The war lasted a long time. Officinalis must have worried that it would continue until either Embroche or I would fall in battle."
Calen: "......"
Iris: "All three progenitors must exist together. Even one short will create imbalance in the world. Have you heard of this?"
Calen: "Yes, I have. However, I thought it was about the balance of the vampire society."
Iris: "It is not such a vague thing you cannot see. It is more direct and practical. Because we, the progenitors, are a bulwark to this world against Derniere."
Calen: "Derniere...the desolate world and birthplace of Lady Pumila. Oh, and the current condition of lacking one progenitor..."
Iris: "We cannot be too optimistic. There, have you understood the importance of the issue?"
*To be honest, the scale is so big that I, as usual, must have given up some time ago...*
Calen: "I have understood the existence of the progenitors is far more important than their powers."
*Iris nods once and brings us back to the subject.*
Iris: "Officinalis created a homunculus to snatch and store the factor which makes the progenitor the progenitor, and to complement the role as a keystone of the bulwark."
Iris: "In other words, it's a cage made of flesh. In short, it is an existence created on the extreme logic that as long as the progenitor's life force is fine, will and thought are of secondary importance."
*A cage... In order to protect this world, we cannot lose the progenitors' life force...*
Iris: "One day he was proudly talking about it. He had completed a homunculus which was equipped with combat power to assimilate it's target by force. An assault-and-capture type, so to speak."
Iris: "However, around that time, the battle between Aconite and I had already come to an end."
Iris: "Hehe, the way he became frustrated even now makes me laugh and want to knock him down at the same time as I remember it."
Calen: "......"
Iris: "After all, that homunculus was never activated. It was stored by the Officinalis family for nearly 2000 years."
Calen: "The reason I react to your life force is because I have been trying to take it away?"
Iris: "It seems to be so."
*After all, I am not a true vampire. Why did my dad not teach me the truth?*
*And he even gave me a false memory that...I am his one hundredth daughter. Then, he set me up as Shuma's fiancee...*
Calen: "Oh!!"
*As I think about it further...a shudder runs through my body.*
*Does it mean the marriage between Shuma and I does not matter to the Officinalis family? No, rather they do not expect it would happen?*
*Because I am...*
Iris: "How do you feel now that you know your origin?"
Calen: "I was...sent to Shuma-san to capture you with my own body. Did the Officinalis family keep guard on you rather than awakening Shuma-san?"
*By all rights, it should be more important to fill up the progenitor than to capture one. But there is a seriously important reason.*
Iris: "......"
Calen: "Shuma-san's father. You must have something to do with the death of the former Lord Embroche. And my father was concerned with your further reckless attempts."
*My knowledge certainly includes the information that Lady Pumila has been attached to the Embroche family.*
Calen: "Therefore, they activated a homunculus which was created two thousand years go, so that they would not let you do as you please."
Iris: "What an awful way of putting it. And?"
Calen: "What...do you mean by 'and'?"
Iris: "You have realized the reason of your existence. You were sent by the Officinalis to counter me. What are you going to do from now?"
Calen: "I..."
*My role must be to capture Iris.*
*I honestly do not know what I should do, but if I leave everything to my body...*
Calen: "Please, tell me one thing."
Iris: "What is it?"
Calen: "Why do you go after Shuma-san's life now?"
*Up to now, Iris has repeated clearly inefficient approaches by using Lycoris as her pawn. But why does she try to proceed with things so quickly now?*
Iris: "If Shuma does not awaken as a progenitor as he is, he will die very soon. Like his father, by way of interference from Derniere."
Calen: "What?"
Iris: "That will be trouble. I cannot lose the Embroche factor I gave to him at great pains. That will destroy right here what I have planned for so many years..."
*While she is saying that, her eyes seem to reveal various emotions whirling within her.*
Calen: "...Would it not be possible to think it over? As long as we exist, we could protect Shuma-san from Derniere―"
*I stitch words together to implore her.*
Iris: "Enough of this. I have decided already. My decision is the world's decision."
Iris: "This two-thousand-year-old will, if you want to bend it, do it with your strength."
*She says this, then turns her back to me and slowly walks away.*
Calen: "...There is no choice but to fight."
Iris: "If that is your decision, so it will be."
*Her footsteps echo in the darkness.*
Iris: "Right. I forgot to say one important thing."
*And just in the place where one more step would make her fall, she turns her eyes toward me.*
Iris: "Originally, a homunculus does not have soul. Naturally so. Because it is only a receiver, only an exchanging part."
Iris: "However, from some misfortune, this homunculus in front of me has her own self. Where did this soul come from? At least, it cannot be created by someone like Officinalis."
Calen: "What do you...?"
Iris: "It might have been born naturally on it's own over time, or out of mutation... It might have been given someone's thoughts."
Iris: "We might be curious about the origin but the problem is, a vessel which should be empty originally, has contents already."
Calen: "Ugh."
*Pores all over my body open up. Sweat oozes out. I do not want to hear it. I want to block my ears.*
*However...*
Iris: "Now, I have a question."
Iris: "What would you do if you needed to scoop water with a glass which was already filled with wine?"
Calen: "...That is..."
*The words I can convey are unmistakably despairing.*
*In order to protect Shuma-san's heart, I must defeat the monster in front of me.*
*But if I defeat her, the barrier will be torn and this world will be in danger.*
*And in order to prevent it...I myself needs to disappear?*
Calen: "That...is..."
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... I played a little too much."
*With a wicked smile on her face, she takes one more step into the sky.*
Iris: "You may agonize, suffer and regret. Your grief will be prime nourishment."
*For whom? Like her words, her body creates a smokescreen and disperses in mid-air.*
Calen: "I..."
*My muttered words are easily caught up in the wind and, as if they reflect my feelings, they are gone without being known to anyone.*
*The time for decisions is approaching.*
Shuma: "...Phew."
*I hurry through night patrol and look up at the sky shining with stars.*
*I wonder how many hours have passed since then. Calen is not back yet.*
*Her face showed no sorrow when saying she wanted to be alone.*
*But...maybe that was a kind of determination.*
*After shaking off some heaviness she carried in a place unknown to me, she may be trying to do something by her self.*
Shuma: "......"
*When that thought comes to my mind, I impulsively try to run out of the house.*
Lotus: "Calm down a little... If you move now, the situation won't change."
Shuma: "...We don't know that yet."
Lotus: "I am saying you will just miss each other...or what? Is your wife a frivolous woman who'd break the alliance?"
Shuma: "She is not!"
Lotus: "Then, wait quietly. She is also the one who sticks to what she says in one way or another."
Shuma: "Hmph...what do you know about her?"
Mari: "What have you been mumbling to yourself about?"
Shuma: "Ma-Mari... How long have you been here?"
Mari: "I roughly grasped all of Master's soliloquy."
Mari: "Even if you've acquired vampire powers, please stop mumbling in the direction where no one is. Sooner or later you'll be treated as a suspicious individual."
Shuma: "...N-no, sorry. Well."
Lotus: "Stupid, stupid. Your mom is beautiful! Your mom has a beautiful belly button!"
Shuma: "What are you saying?!"
Mari: "...Master."
Shuma: "No?! Not that! I didn't say it to you but...?!"
Mari: "Yes...well, I see no particular issue if you're taken by the police as a suspicious individual but..."
*She doesn't.*
Mari: "Please calm down a little. Please believe in her... We are talking about THAT Lady Calen."
*Finally these words put me back into a decent train of thought.*
*Right. I said to her, she must come back alive.*
*Going to find her now will betray her pride.*
Mari: "She won't die so easily."
Shuma: "...Thinking about it again, you really are harsh on your master even though I'm not perfect."
Mari: "I always tell the truth...ah!"
Calen: "......"
*While we're talking, Calen shows up.*
Shuma: "Welcome back, Cale...n?"
Calen: "Oh, I am home...Shuma-san."
*But her steps and reply are visibly heavy.*
Shuma: "What happened?"
*I grab her shoulder before thinking.*
Calen: "...Please do not worry. I am a little tired."
Shuma: "...Really?"
Calen: "...Yes. Many things happened today."
*Her face, with tightly knitted brows, has dark shadows even though its complexion remains the same.*
Shuma: "Alright...but if it's difficult, just talk with me, will you?"
Shuma: "Even though I'm not dependable..."
Calen: "Thank you...I appreciate your thoughtfulness."
*As I remove my hand, Calen gives a powerless smile and walks into the house first.*
Mari: "Lady Calen, would you like dinner? A bath? Or...?"
Calen: "I am sorry. I have no time to spare. I will go to bed before you."
Mari: "Oh, yes."
*She checks Mari, who swings her tail with one hand, and goes into the house as if she didn't want to be seen.*
Mari: "...She seems to be really tired."
Shuma: "Right...but she didn't look like coming back from a fight..."
Lotus: "Yes. In all probability, that day. She's having a girl's day...no, there may be a tiny possibility that she is pregnant on a particle level?!"
Shuma: "...Hey, Mari. Do you know any tools or spells which can give pain directly to souls?"
Lotus: "Ugh?!"
Mari: "What are you talking about all of a sudden, Master? Of course there are many."
Lotus: "What?!"
Shuma: "If you have one now, can I borrow it? Right now, to be blunt, there's this totally irritating soul and I really wanna give him a goooood lickin'."
Lotus: "Why are you using Kansai-ben (regional dialect in Japan)?!"
Mari: "Well...I don't have it now. But it is in my room, so would you wait for a moment?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I'll use that. Let me borrow it later."
Mari: "Understood. If you fail, it might be gone with the soul. Are you alright with that?"
Shuma: "Affirmative."
Lotus: "Not "Affirmative"! Why are you giving such an easy answer to her?!"
Shuma: "...Kidding."
Lotus: "What?"
Shuma: "Mari, I'll cancel that. I don't need it now."
Mari: "Is that so? There is one I want to recommend to you, Master but...that's the way it is..."
*That said, Mari sighs and looks disappointed from the bottom of her heart.*
Lotus: "No, really, why does Maritima have a thing to destroy a soul?"
Shuma: "......"
*How would I know... I curse him in my heart and slowly go into the house.*
Calen: "...This fog has come to a level we cannot overlook."
Shuma: "That's right...this means she's much more serious, I guess."
*I smile bitterly at the fog which spreads over the town.*
Shuma: "Just as I'd expect from the vampire who fought against the world all by herself."
Mari: "Master, you're really optimistic. Maybe, have you prepared yourself already?"
Shuma: "Prepared myself? Well, prepared...I guess, probably, I've prepared myself."
Mari: "Gosh...'probably' is so ambiguous."
Mari: "But I'm glad. You've made up your mind that you'll finally be a progenitor."
Shuma: "What? What are you talking about, you doggie?"
Mari: "What? But you just said you have prepared..."
Shuma: "I meant I've prepared myself to fight Iris."
Mari: "......"
Mari: "Eh, Master, maybe you're stupid?"
*What a terrible way of calling me as usual.*
Shuma: "No, I've been saying it for a long time...I am not going to be a progenitor."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "But..."
Shuma: "If I win, everything will be okay, right?"
Mari: "Well, you say that so easily but the opponent..."
Shuma: "It will work out okay somehow, right Calen?"
Calen: "Huh? Oh...I suppose so."
Mari: "See, Lady Calen is completely dumbfounded, too."
Shuma: "You think so? But in one way or another, I think I'll definitely be able to win as long as I'm with Calen."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "It's not a reason. I feel it's going to happen. So, maybe alright.
*I don't want to die. It would certainly be easy to choose to be a progenitor for this reason alone.*
*But...*
Shuma: "I want to be with Calen as I am now."
Calen: "...Shuma...san."
Mari: "Cheesy. Your lines are so cheesy like stinking cheeses, that they almost make my nose rot."
Shuma: "Annoying. Nothing can be done. Because it's my true feeling."
Kaede: "Good morning, Big Brother. You are later than usual."
Shuma: "Good morning, Kaede. Look, this fog. So if we're a little late, we'll have an excuse. And if we're late at all, then we might as well go slow."
Kaede: "N-no... It's always best not to be late for class."
Shuma: "That's the right argument...but see, this fog will be cleared soon and this is an included perk, right?"
Kaede: "W...well...maybe, this fog is..."
Shuma: "It's a bad vampire's work... Anyway, we just need to hold out a little more, so let's feel secure and be late just for today."
Kaede: "*Sigh*...bu-but...being late for school is still not good, I think."
Shuma: "Haha, Kaede, you're a square."
*I've been watching my world as it gradually erodes away... Strangely however, I have no fear.*
Sakurako: "Yoo-hoo, Shuma! Did you see outside! Isn't it amazing outside?!"
Shuma: "You're being noisy like usual. And I understand you, so you don't need to repeat it."
Sakurako: "But-but-but, really amazing! They said it on TV! This is unprecede-something!"
*Seeing the white fog through windows in the corridor, Sakurako is like a bright-eyed puppy released for the first time on a snowfield.*
Calen: "...You are rather restless."
Sakurako: "Of course, I'm hyper! It's exciting when a typhoon is coming? Same as that!"
*Shaking both her hands, Sakurako express excitement with her whole body.*
Aoi: "...She is like a dog of yours."
Shuma: "Aoi..."
Calen: "Aoi-san..."
Aoi: "You haven't sucked life force since then... To be honest, I'm surprised."
Aoi: "I never thought you would care about anything I said."
*She says this and let's a sigh escape while looking happy in some way.*
Shuma: "I didn't want you to be hysterical."
Aoi: "Y-you...?!"
Shuma: "Kidding. Isn't it about time for you to fix your tendency to explode so quickly?"
Aoi: "...I know it without you telling me, stupid."
*So she says.*
Shuma: "But dog...well, that's not necessarily wrong."
Sakurako: "Huwah...ahmm...?!"
*As I pet her head, Sakurako gets relaxed looking comfortably, then...*
Sakurako: "What?! W-what was I doing now...ouch?!"
*She quickly escapes from my hand and smashes the wall with the back of her head really hard.*
Sakurako: "H-honestly...Shuma...!"
*Rubbing the part of her head that hit the wall, Sakurako scowls at me.*
Aoi: "Pfft...*giggle*..."
Sakurako: "A-aaaaah! A-Aoi, you, you are laughing at my, my mistake!"
Aoi: "S-sorry...but...it's like, so much like comedy...!"
*It seems to hit her spot and Aoi holds her sides with laughter.*
Shuma: "Hey, hey, Aoi...you're laughing too much. If you do that to a normal person, you may get beaten up."
Shuma: "Well, it's okay this time because you're doing it to Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Time out! That is obviously wrong?! That kind of equation cannot be allowed!"
Shuma: "More than that, Calen, what will we have for our dinner? Is it better to have something to give us vitality?"
Sakurako: "Totally ignoring me!"
Calen: "Ah...ahaha..."
Sakurako: "Alright, if you wanna play hardball, I'll do my best to lead your life to destruction..."
Shuma: "Here, go and get your mayonnaise."
Sakurako: "Mayooooooooooo!"
*Sakurako is lured by the mayonnaise I throw, and jumps into a classroom for students in a completely different grade.*
Aoi: "Dog...! That...is...completely...a dog...!"
*Shaking her body, Aoi is desperately trying to suppress her laughter.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Shuma: "What?"
Calen: "Shuma-san...are you not frightened?"
Shuma: "...Nope, because you are next to me."
Calen: "...!"
*I put my arm around her and draw her to me.*
Shuma: "True, Iris is scary. I may die when I fight her. And if I win, I might become someone else who's different from who I am now."
Shuma: "But...you see, I cannot say I'm scared in front of my lovely wife."
Calen: "......"
*She lowers her long eyelashes and her cheeks flush while looking troubled.*
Shuma: "More than anything else, I want to enjoy right now."
Shuma: "With you, I want to mark the passage of ordinary days."
Shuma: "So...I don't want to say I'm scared. And if I have time to think about it, I want to enjoy these ordinary days as much as possible."
Calen: "Shuma-san...w-well...eep!"
*I draw her shoulder more strongly toward me.*
*As I face her, I embrace her body.*
*Her shoulders feel smaller than I expected.*
Shuma: "So...I want to make out with you as much as I can."
*A little hesitantly, Calen follows me, who's arms are tightly wrapped around her body, and places her shaking fingers on my back.*
Calen: "W...well, everyone is looking at us."
Shuma: "We're a couple, aren't we? No need to be embarrassed."
*Jeering voices all around us are still no match for the sound of her breathing as she rests in my arms.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Mm."
*I won't kiss her.*
*I slowly stroke her hair. We embrace each other and confirm the warmth of our bodies.*
*That is enough. Because...this is our ordinary day.*
*The world is more quiet than I expected.*
Shuma: "......"
*In a room where there is no one but me, I slowly inhale.*
Shuma: "...Good."
*Tonight is the full moon. The promised day with Iris. The day of the battle.*
Shuma: "...Alright, I'm alright."
*Strength is gathering in my clenched fist. Even the one who usually interferes and advises me to relax seems to overlook it this time.*
*No, that is not a surprise... In this battle, things like tension removal or skills don't matter.*
*Unless I devote myself and bring my ability into full play, it will end before I can even grab Iris' tail.*
*The wall between Iris Pumila and me is thus high, thick, and far.*
Shuma: "...Focus...focus..."
*That's why I strain. So that I'm ready to push the limits of my ability, as high as possible.*
*Once the battle starts, it will be critical to bring down that bridge-crushing strength in a delicate way, like threading the eye of a needle.*
*Now, I simply concentrate and stake everything I have―*
Mari: "Master!"
Shuma: "...You always come and interfere with me at an important point."
*My tensed muscles almost loosen.*
*She is hopeless. I'm about to sigh, but...*
Mari: "Lady Calen went out all by herself."
Shuma: "...!"
*My breathing stops.*
Shuma: "...When...?"
Mari: "Just now...she seemed to carry a small box."
*I feel as if the cell walls in my enter body were stuck with icicles.*
*Why didn't she stop her? No, it's wrong to blame her.*
Mari: "Should I...have stopped Lady Calen after all?"
Shuma: "...No, this isn't a thing for you to worry about."
Shuma: "She might just want to think something by herself."
Shuma: "Maybe she went to negotiate with Iris in secret."
*That is my dream.*
*It might all be done peacefully... An empty dream which has come into my mind with that forlorn hope.*
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "...I guess...it's too convenient."
Mari: "I...think so."
Mari: "Those are not the lines to say with such an impatient face."
Shuma: "...Right."
*I have a dream.*
*But my reason is telling me that it's impossible.*
*Because Iris declared she would kill me, too... In order to make her change her decision, words and reason are far from enough.*
Shuma: "That's not...possible."
*I lay a hand on the door of my room I might be able to come back to...*
Shuma: "...Why are you here?"
Aoi: "What a terrible way of saying it as we came all the way here."
Lycoris: "Long time no see, I say. Shuma."
*As I run out of the house, Aoi and Lycoris are there waiting for me.*
Aoi: "Are you going to meet the monster..."
Shuma: "Yeah, If possible, I will persuade her, otherwise..."
*As I mutter that I'll fight, she breathes a sigh and gives me a bitter smile.*
Aoi: "Stupid. Say, 'I will fight, win, and come back'...at least."
Shuma: "...You're right."
*I wonder if she unconsciously sees through my feeling that I won't be able to come back.*
*In either case, her words make me feel a bit lighter, it seems.*
Aoi: "If we can, we want to help you defeat the monster, but..."
Shuma: "But...?"
Aoi: "Without a doubt, a bunch will show up to interfere with your duel... We cannot leave them alone."
Lycoris: "We'll do our best! We will beat down those who interrupt the duel, I say!"
*Lycoris breathes hard through the nose and shows off her shadow boxing.*
Aoi: "...So, we will do our work."
Aoi: "So...you will do your fight, alright?"
Shuma: "...!"
*Aoi smiles gently in a way I've never seen before.*
*That is so beautiful it would've taken my heart away, if I had seen it in the beginning.*
Shuma: "...Right. I will win and come back with Calen."
*Feeling embarrassed, I quickly look away from her.*
Aoi: "Is your face red for some reason?"
Shuma: "...Just your imagination."
Mari: "You're enjoying adolescence time... Hehe, it's fun as long as I'm on the watching side."
Shuma: "Mari...I will punish you when we come back."
Mari: "Wha?! W-wait a second! Please don't single me out!"
Shuma: "With Calen, I will train you until you stop disobeying your master and become an obedient dog. So brace yourself, alright?"
Mari: "Eek?! I-I am always loyal to you!"
Shuma: "*Giggle*..."
Mari: "Master...?"
*Oh, this is it.*
*The ordinary life I'm looking for is right here.*
Shuma: "...Well, it's about that time so I'm going."
Aoi: "Go and give a hard blow to the old woman who must always be No. 1!"
Lycoris: "Shuma, don't worry about what's around you, and fight with all your heart. We're backing you up, I say!"
Mari: "I will have a bath and dinner ready."
Shuma: "...Yeah."
*That is a trivial thing.*
*A small, important, and non-negotiable thing.*
*Therefore...Calen, I will never accept a future where you do not exist.*
====================E-KL03_04.TXT====================
Iris: "Hmph, it turned out like this, after all."
*A hazy moon is up in the evening darkness.*
*On the same building as the other day, the two stand face to face.*
Iris: "It was unbearable so you ran out by yourself, I suppose?"
*Iris shrugs her shoulders and directs her eyes to her visitor with a sigh.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san is absent today."
Iris: "As I told you, nothing will change if you die."
Iris: "I shall simply find Shuma, who is yet to be a progenitor, and kill him. It is nothing, but the order of deaths will be switched."
*Her eyes are cold, yet contain slight compassion in them at the same time.*
Calen: "We shall not know until we try..."
*Without a doubt, Shuma will die in this battle.*
*Whether he wins or loses, he will change into another Shuma I do not know.*
*I do not want that. I do not want to see my beloved overwritten by someone else. I have to stand up to Iris with my resolution.*
Calen: "...Even though my chance of winning is less than 1%..."
*I am prepared to be abusively told that I have a death wish. I am also ready to be called stupid and get hit.*
*But...I do not want to see my beloved die in front of me.*
Calen: "I will...defeat you here."
*To fingers, to feet, to tips of the nails, and even to breath, I increase the speed of energies circulating through the cells in my whole body.*
Iris: "Indomitable resolve, it is easy to say, however."
Iris: "What a pity...Calen. Calendula Officinalis."
*My spine feels fear with a shudder.*
*Come... Before I have time to think, surrounding air tenses up in a flash.*
Iris: "Sink or swim, all or nothing, victory or defeat. You seem to have summoned up your courage and stood recklessly in front of me."
*Intense pressure, that could make me forget to blink or even hesitate to breathe.*
*Explosive pressure cracks solid concrete.*
Iris: "But I cannot give any of those to you."
Calen: "Ugh!"
*Contrary to her calm tone, the surrounding air starts to burn up.*
*This overwhelming pressure, if I relax at all, it will grab my entire soul.*
Iris: "Death...that is the only thing I can give to you."
Calen: "U...ugh..."
*This primordial fear that feels like it's freezing all the blood inside me with her words alone...*
Calen: "...Under no...circumstances!"
*...forcefully transforms my mind and body into counter-monster form.*
Calen: "Ha, aaah...haaahhhh...!"
*Like thermal expansion, the blood in my body boils up.*
*Enormous energy, which cannot be compared to the controllable amount at normal times, wells up from the core of my body.*
*My reason and thought are invaded by force from within like a wormhole.*
*I feel the fear of losing myself... However, oh, finally I can be together with him.*
Calen: "AaaaaaaaAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!"
Iris: "She fully removed the stopper...hmph."
*Energy which cannot be compared to the last blind rage.*
*Iris looks on while Calen, who has paid an appropriate price for it, completely loses her own self.*
Iris: "Who influenced you? Once you begin to fixate on something, you abandon all care for everything else."
Iris: "Now that things have come to pass, nothing can be done. His relic or me. I shall make clear who is stronger."
*Cracking her neck, this extraordinary monster who has survived for two thousand years, exposes her unbreakable fangs for the first time in a few hundred years.*
Shuma: "...Ha...Ha...!"
*Feeling my chest bursting out with impatience, I keep running into the sunset.*
Shuma: "Where are you, Calen? Where are you...?!"
*While travelling beyond the speed of humans, I desperately look for my beloved.*
*She only said we would fight in the night of a full moon. It is useless to run around aimlessly. It's possible that we've missed each other.*
Shuma: "Calen...Caleeeeen...!"
*However, my emotions push away my logic. This is no time to be thinking like that.*
*My instinct blackens out my thoughts and tells me all I can do is to run, and running is the only way to get to her.*
Shuma: "Please be safe...please...!"
*I pass people, run side by side with cars, and run as fast as my legs can carry me.*
Shuma: "Ah..."
*It has lasted only a flash.*
*In the sky which is already deep black, I see two polar lights extending from the top of the highest building.*
Shuma: "That's it!"
*Those lights disappear quickly, but I instinctively increase the speed of my feet kicking the ground.*
*I have no doubt. There. She is over there. Calen is fighting over there.*
Shuma: "Calen...Calen...!"
*I cut the wind with my whole body and run like a storm.*
Shuma: "Don't die... Never ever die!"
*I jump over two, three concrete-block walls, and run the shortest distance.*
Shuma: "Calen...!"
*Shaking off people's curious eyes, I skip a few hundred steps at a time and run upstairs.*
*Occasional vibrations of the entire building indicate the intensity of this fight to the death, they wring my heart.*
Shuma: "Calen!"
*It's enough if she's alive... With only that in my heart, I kick open the door of the rooftop.*
Iris: "R e v o l v e."
*Vivid vermilion spreads over a panoramic view, covering the stars.*
*Before I realize it, there's a splash of blood scattering across the sky.*
Iris: "Child's play."
*From midair, where the pale-blue colored full moon madly shines...*
Calen: "Ah...ga...pu...ooo."
*...a girl with a big hole in her chest falls down.*
Shuma: "Ah."
*A crimson shower comes down over my body.*
*Soon after, a dull and graphic sound echoes through this world to be stained in an unimaginable red.*
Calen: "...Ah."
Calen: "Shu...ma...sa...n...?"
*Coughing up blood, the girl with vacant eyes looks at me.*
Iris: "You are really late...so unfortunately the sideshow has already finished."
*The petite girl who is wrapped in particles of pale-blue colored lights shrugs her shoulders and releases a big sigh.*
Shuma: "Calen."
*My sworn enemy doesn't come into view.*
Shuma: "Why...why alone...?"
Calen: "...So...ry...Shu...ma...sa..."
*Blood doesn't stop.*
*It keeps gushing out and her body is getting swallowed up by a sea of red.*
Calen: "Sor...ry...gah...*cough*...Shuma...san..."
*From a fist-sized hole in her chest, air and blood escape each time she speaks.*
Shuma: "...I'm sorry for allowing you to be alone in agony..."
Calen: "Plea...se...do not...apolog...ize..."
Calen: "It is...my...fault...because I was weak and I could...not bear...that you...would...change..."
*Each time she speaks in a hoarse voice, her life is getting lost.*
Calen: "So...plea...se...do...not...apolog...ize..."
*Oh, it's ending, she will be gone...*
Calen: "Shu...ma...san... Where...are you...?"
Shuma: "I'm here...I am right here..."
*Her eyes cease to cast a light.*
*I put more strength in my hands which grip her hand.*
Calen: "Shuma...san...your...voice...is..far...away..."
Shuma: "...I'm here...I am here all the time...!"
*Her ears are losing sounds.*
*I grip her hand as hard as I might break it.*
Calen: "Sh...u...ma...sa..."
Calen: "...I...lo..."
Calen: ".................."
Shuma: "...Cale...n."
*Then Calen's lips...lose her voice.*
Shuma: "Calen."
Shuma: "Calen."
Shuma: "Cale...n..."
*Her hand in my grip loses its strength.*
Iris: "...I do not feel pity. I do not hold back, either."
Shuma: "......"
Iris: "You made a wrong choice. That is the only cause."
*Along with an ugly and low monster's voice, the surrounding air begins to crack.*
Iris: "Do you hate me, Shuma, Shuma Embroche?"
Shuma: "......"
*I hold up Calen's still warm body.*
Shuma: "...Do you think I don't hate you?"
Shuma: "...Do you think I will let you go as is?"
*I face her... With a distorted grinding noise, a wheel in my brain starts shifting.*
Shuma: "My own fault...yeah, that's right. I brought this result to my own self."
Shuma: "But so what? You are the one who killed her, Iris Pumila."
*In my grip, the big sword which is sharpened to its extreme reflects the moonlight waiting for its time.*
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... True. Certainly true. I am unmistakably the one who killed her. I have no intention to deny that, not in the least."
Iris: "But, if that is the case...what are you going to do, the impossible?"
*Particles of light coiling around Iris' entire body spread out like snakes or a spider's legs.*
Shuma: "...!"
*A massive number of photospheres, tens of thousands, maybe reaching to hundreds of millions, prey on space itself and expand themselves.*
*Facing an utterly pure intention to kill being called forth by the genuine monster who has survived with the whole world against her, my genes scream out to run away.*
Iris: "I wonder what someone like you can do? Despite being a progenitor, you are only a sap who cannot be a progenitor. What can you do against me who has lived over two thousand years?"
Shuma: "Kill."
Iris: "...Well."
Shuma: "I'm gonna kill. I am going to kill you."
Shuma: "After that, I don't care or even think about it."
Iris: "*Chuckle*... Even though killing me will lead to the fall of the world?"
Shuma: "Does it have any connections? Tell me, does it?"
**Snap, snap-snap-snap*.*
*Muscle fibers feel like being torn up and my train of thought is becoming vague...oh, I cannot take it anymore.*
Shuma: "Do you think THAT will be a reason you should not be killed by me???!!!"
*My acceleration produces a sound which can be mistaken for an explosion. As strongly and swiftly as my lunging step leaves a shoe mark on the concrete, I bring the blade to my sworn enemy with the fastest speed.*
*The speed is unparalleled. I deliver the fastest blow which will cut through every defense along with air.*
Iris: "Well said."
*Under normal circumstances, the point of the sword which would have cut Iris in two has just barely been stopped within a few centimeters by a wriggling bundle of countless lights.*
Iris: "And...finally you have awakened, Shuma Embroche."
*Iris who says this and sneers with her fangs exposed, is arrogant in all respects.*
Shuma: "Shut the hell up!"
*I remove my hand from the grip and throw a kick straight at her cocky face with the opposite foot.*
Shuma: "Ugh?!"
Iris: "S H U T... A good kick"
*However it doesn't reach her.*
*The kick I threw is again blocked by a densely colored wall of lights.*
Shuma: "Da-damn...ugh?!"
*Fear runs though the back of my neck. I grab the hilt which is starting to fall by gravity and jump back as hard as I can.*
*With a noise which is similar to grinding sesame seeds, a chunk of concrete where I was standing a second ago is scraped off.*
Iris: "Well, how admirable that you succeeded in avoiding that."
*Being surrounded by numerous halos which wait upon her, the vampire has a relaxed smile on her face and claps her hands.*
Iris: "Vision, hearing, smell, touch, foresight, intuition, luck...whatever it is, satisfactory."
*As soon as Iris finishes saying it, halos which surrounded her disperse and transform themselves back to floating particles of light.*
Shuma: "......"
*What is she going to―*
Iris: "――――"
Shuma: "Gh, Gah?!"
*A moment blazing like a falling star, which does not allow even a blink, has shot through my sight head-on.*
Shuma: "Gah...haah...!"
*I feel an intense pain from a fist-sized hole opened in my abdomen. I grind my teeth and keep a distance.*
Iris: "Hmm...I targeted the heart. I wonder if a breeze changed its direction."
*I turn my eyes to Iris and find particles of light wriggling around her, whirling and drawing a spiral.*
Iris: "...You are lucky!"
Shuma: "UGH!"
*Her tone lowers slightly, then she lifts her thin finger and points it to my heart. Coming!!!*
Iris: "R e v o l v e!"
*It would be impossible to move after seeing it. A bombardment, unmistakably at light speed, shoots through the space where I was in an instance.*
Shuma: "Ar-gh?!"
*The shot which defies common sense has burst open the atmosphere and caused a plasma phenomena.*
Shuma: "...Give me a break."
*If I am hit squarely by it, not only will I be totally killed but also not even dust will be left, literally.*
Iris: "Well...you completely figured that one out."
*Interested, Iris knits her brow and lets out a long breath.*
Iris: "But I do not like restless and vexing flies very much..."
Shuma: "!"
*A spark of sixth sense makes my arms and legs move as fast as a spinal reflex.*
Lotus: "Jump as much as you can, now!"
Shuma: "I know."
*I ignore fear arriving late and I swing up my hand grabbing the grip of the sword as hard as I can.*
Iris: "S p r e a d."
*My skin feels a commotion in the surrounding air, and lights in my view flicker like a hazy heat.*
Shuma: "U...gh!"
*A bundle of lights spread in a flash, turning into hundreds of dazzling strings, and extend in all directions to prey on me.*
*"S p r e a d"... With that command from Iris, strings of light start to converge and create a cage to capture me.*
Shuma: "Damnit, I can't take this anymore!"
*However, my well-sharpened blade cuts open the field of view before the prison is complete.*
Iris: "Well! Well, well, well! I hardly expected you would apply such a method to block my prison, which cannot be destroyed from within once it is completed...!"
*Iris pleasantly claps her hands.*
Shuma: "...You."
*That attitude...*
Iris: "What is the matter?"
Shuma: "If you die, die, if you mean to kill me, kill me...stop fucking dallying."
*I cannot stomach...*
*Her attitude, so obviously playing with me.*
*Her eyes reflecting only curiosity.*
*That spirit of hers, that doesn't even get onto the battlefield, is very aggravating.*
Shuma: "Stop acting so composed and stuck up. I'll fucking kill you...you lonely ass witch."
*If luck is on my side...this monster under normal circumstances, which is laughable to even think of defeating, may get outraged and lay herself open to attack.*
*Of course, there is a possibility that I'll be tortured to death by an enraged girl.*
*However, it is better than fighting against a detached monster. Emotions create miscalculations.*
Iris: "......"
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*...kuha, hahahahaha!"
Iris: "Excellent, excellent, boy. Your verbal abuse being heaped upon me, Iris deserves a praise!"
*Iris lets out a long, white breath and sneers at me exposing her sharp fangs.*
Iris: "You are worth enough for me to make a serious effort. You are a worthy opponent to fight...and to kill."
**Drag, drag-drag-drag-drag*.*
*A grotesque sound as if a massive number of slugs were crawling around shake my eardrums.*
Iris: "L o c u st...C O V E T!"
*Tens of thousands of light particles, which she called "locusts", swarm and wriggle in the sky.*
Shuma: "What...all of a sudden...?!"
*As if a huge block of dry ice were thrown into the surrounding atmosphere, it instantly starts to cool down.*
Iris: "S t a m p... This will do."
Shuma: "...What have you done?"
Iris: "A little change in the air..."
*Iris says this and cracks an ugly and freezing smile which is different from before.*
Iris: "Well, Shuma. Shuma Embroche."
Iris: "You told me to attack you as if I mean it, correct?"
Shuma: "...!"
*I lose my breath. It's far worse than a chill running down my spine.*
*I might feel better if I jump off the building right now.*
*The first time to know the horror of death. Primordial fear unexplainable by logic.*
Iris: "Oh, I was looking for the one who would tell me that."
*She lowers her gaze and laughs as if she were groaning and suffering.*
Iris: "R e v o l v e...S p r e a d...C o v e t...S t a m p."
*As if following those words, the surrounding lights make an individual move like a regiment.*
*Layered particles of light whirl around and stretch out like thin and long piano wires, then transform into a colony which disperses like fog.*
Iris: "I   c r e a t e d   m y   l i f e."
*Like a piano player, her slender finger is slowly bent.*
*Oh, those who are moved by the work that a nameless painter created with all of his life, must feel as I do now.*
*The beauty I almost fall in love with causes a slight delay in my judgment.*
Iris: "...L a s t."
Shuma: "...!"
*Incidentally, this small delay protects my body from her honeycomb attack. The barrage of bullets fly past me, but I don't quite avoid everything.*
Shuma: "Gah, aaaaaaah!"
*I've got pinky-finger-sized holes in my calf and upper arm. I successfully dodged the main attack coming from every direction with all my power.*
Iris: "S l a v e."
Shuma: "Gaaaah?!"
*Her kick which is delivered after a slight delay by her petite body, hits my arm I can barely lift, and blows my body away.*
*My arm which is supposed to be strengthened as a vampire becomes numb instantly, and massive heat rising up from the marrow teaches me how horrendous her blow is.*
Shuma: "Gah...ugh..oooo...!"
Iris: "Hmm, very solid. A usual vampire would have been broken in half by that. Indeed you are a progenitor, if not much of one."
*While cracking her shoulder, she walks calmly and shortens the distance between us.*
Shuma: "...D-damn!"
*Carelessness, conceit or egotism, including of all these, still I cannot have a vision to defeat the monster in front of me.*
*However...*
Shuma: "O-raaaahhh!"
*I should be the same. Even if my opponent is the first, and probably the last, greatest monster who has lived for 2000 years all by herself, my blood shouldn't be any different.*
Iris: "Ugh!"
*It was anticipated. But the fastest blow beyond her defense produces a thin red line on her cheek.*
*I can cut, I've succeeded! My attack is working unmistakably!*
Shuma: "Moron, not time to be careless―"
**Deep stab*.*
*I hear an ugly, dull sound.*
Shuma: "...What?"
*The pain invading the core of my body reaches nerves faster than a breath.*
*It hurts, hurts, HURTS. I cannot think of any other words and I just mechanically look down.*
Shuma: "Oh...?"
*A pillar of light has pierced through my abdomen as if it were growing out of it.*
*It singes my insides with crackling noises and its particles coil about the surface of my skin.*
Iris: "I did it this far, but still, it cannot even be a fight."
*I hear Iris' voice pitying me.*
*An intense pain which is caused by my gouged insides makes me almost unconscious many times.*
Shuma: "You...shit...!"
*I spit bloody phlegm and glare at the monster standing before me.*
*A lowering body temperature I feel clearly and my own death approaching with footsteps, together with the pain, invade my train of thought.*
Lotus: "Don't give up! Put strength in your fingertips! Don't think useless things!"
*I know. I know that without you telling me!*
Shuma: "Ha, ah...ga, aaaaaaahhh!"
*A roar, although presumptuous to call it a roar, blacks out the pain running around my body.*
Lotus: "Circulate blood! Exert your strength! Sharpen up your senses!"
*I know! I know!! I KNOW!!!*
Iris: "Well...having your belly drilled, losing a fatal amount of blood and being in a situation you cannot dream of winning, you still struggle."
Shuma: "This is not logic..."
*Hatred. Probably the most evil but fundamental emotion humans have to defeat enemies.*
Shuma: "Ah, aah, ah, ah, aaaaaaaaaahhhh!"
*I push off a bundle of lights sideways. Chunks of flesh are scraped off, but I have no reason to care!*
Iris: "Ugh...!"
*My sworn enemy's eyes slightly open. Only her second act of carelessness. This alone is my chance to have an upper hand and create a moment for my attack to hit her.*
Iris: "S h u t!"
*Dispersing lights around Iris make a wall to block my slashing attack.*
*But it is thin!*
Shuma: "O-raaaaaahhhh!"
Iris: "What?!"
*The single-handed fearless sword carrying my body and soul cuts though the assembled lights faster and stronger than she expected.*
*The large sword with mass and energy wedges into her pure white skin.*
*The sensation of slashing flesh which I feel through the hilt in my grip convinces me of a victory.*
Shuma: "...Gah."
*But it has lasted only a moment.*
*If my electric impulse or judgment had been a split-second faster, I would have reached the distance.*
Shuma: "Gak..! *Cough*...!"
*Thousands of light rays upon each other cut off my shoulder, which is the source of my attacks, from my body along with my sword.*
Iris: "...I was scared to death."
*Along with a sigh, her petite shoulder is wedged deeply by the edge of the blade and she lifts up her eyes while crimson blood drips down.*
*A few centimeters. A few grams. A few split-seconds.*
*Only that much difference has created the current condition.*
Iris: "If I had fought recklessly and without thinking, I would have quickly died."
*Then, the vampire before my eyes softly bends her small lips.*
Iris: "Since I have been cautious, I can live this long."
*Her eyes are too gentle to be directed at her dying enemy.*
Iris: "It was fun."
*Along with a graceful movement of her fingertip...*
Iris: "...L a s t."
*...she fills my body and consciousness with countless bullets of lights.*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
*No breath.*
*No eyes, no nose, not even the feeling of touching something.*
*Is this death?*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
*Even though I still have consciousness?*
*Am I going to die without paying any debts?*
*The result, after throwing away myself who she loved so dearly, can it be like this?*
*――――――No.*
*It cannot be.*
*My field of view is black. No sense of touch, smell or taste.*
*No eyes, no nose, no mouth. My body which was pierced all over is the same as zero.*
*The body which was lost by those particles of lights took everything except my consciousness.*
*――――Bullshit!*
*My body and my beloved were taken away by such things―things which are not even vampires?*
*My beloved and I were both defeated by a mere colony which only follows around the progenitor and has no will of its own?*
*R e v o l v e...*
*Give me a break. I do not accept such outrage.*
*If I have become a monster like Iris...*
*S p r e a d......S h u t......S l a v e......S t a m p......L a s t......*
Shuma: "C o v e t!"
Iris: "!"
*I will not allow this logic of me being defeated by these bugs!*
*There's no reason that I cannot do what Iris can do!*
Shuma: "Ka...ha, aaaah, ga, gooh, ha, aaaah."
*Moonlight in the dead of night fills up my world.*
Iris: "Cannot be... Did you...devour my familiars?"
*A line of greasy sweat comes to her forehead as Iris looks at me. Oh, that reward is more than enough.*
Shuma: "I'm far from full...but still I've completely recovered."
*I put strength into my body which is fully cured up to the tips of my nails.*
Shuma: "What are you gonna do? I've already learned how you taste."
Iris: "...Ugh."
*I grip my large sword and reveal my clear intention to kill. There will be no second time.*
Iris: "Ha, haha...*evil laughter*...!"
*However, even after her weapon was completely disabled, she laughs loudly like a child.*
*Is she going crazy or trying to buy time in desperation. Either way, no more time is necessary.*
Shuma: "...You are done, vampire."
*No strong feelings come over me. I put forth my whole energy mercilessly, and simply deliver the last blow to the monster before my eyes with all my force.*
*No sound or impact that my attack is blocked.*
Shuma: "Wh...at...?"
*I turn around and see that Iris has floated past me.*
Iris: "This is fun, Shuma. I'm pleased, Shuma Embroche."
Iris: "You devoured my army of over a few hundred million, my superior colony one could never cut or burn! Oh, I never dreamed that a man would exist who defeats them in such a way!"
Iris: "Rejoice, Shuma Kusanagi. You are the first one to see this sword!"
*The blade of death is blocked right in front by the same large sword I just threw down.*
Shuma: "What the hell?!"
Iris: "Let us begin the second round!"
*Petite Iris brushes away Deesse Morte horizontally with her powerful fist.*
Shuma: "Ugh?!"
Iris: "There!"
*Before I have a time to think, she sweeps the sword sideways like a violent wind. I kick up her blow of instant death, which is brandished with all her might, as hard as I can while I'm trying to recover my footing.*
Iris: "Ugh...!"
*Impact which is created by kicking the flat of the sword splits a cloud far above.*
Shuma: "...Fucking close."
Iris: "*Chuckle*... Look who is talking. You use the same one on me."
Shuma: "...What do you mean?"
Iris: "Just as I said. This large sword I have here is a duplicate of the one your ancestor Aconite owned. I copied it in my own way."
Iris: "Does it look similar? To your own?"
Shuma: "......"
*I want to deny it. However, contrary to my wish, the weapon she has looks so close to mine that, I myself, its owner, cannot say positively it's fake.*
Iris: "I made it to be the same. I did my best and spent years and years so that this would be exactly like Aconite's."
*Having an expression like a child who shows off her treasure, the devil who is called a progenitor and survived the war cheerfully laughs.*
Shuma: "...What a stalker we have here."
Iris: "Of course! This is my fruit of love, so to speak!"
Shuma: "What?! Waaaaahhh?!"
*Sixth sense. It's a complete coincidence that I can dodge her surprise sword attack from above.*
*The moment she cuts me, I disperse my body then materialize. My body which already disappeared once. Since I've learned a sense of disappearance, I can use this evasion technique.*
Shuma: "Argh, ugh?!"
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*...do you forget the characteristics of your own sword?"
*I feel a part of my dispersed body her sword touched has disappeared, and physical power has been drastically lost.*
Lotus: "It cannot be...! Does it absorb life force, too?!"
Iris: "I said I made it to be the same, did I not?!"
Shuma: "Ugh! Uggggggh?!"
*Smothering successive strokes from Iris who boasts of her strong arm.*
Lotus: "Don't flinch! Recover your breath! Never hesitate!"
*I know!!!*
*I must dodge my way through a storm of lethal assaults being unleashed at breathless speed, and make a move without missing even the slightest chance.*
*Her attacks are faster than a breath and swing wildly from right, then left.*
*I no longer fear the explosions of air unfolding before my eyes as I would have felt as a human.*
*Strongest, best and fastest. Unmistakable killer moves which are accompanied by speed and power.*
*Blows that can take away everything along with my soul. However, in the moment I flinch, only death awaits me.*
Iris: "T h r u s t."
Shuma: "Ugh!"
*That is something like intuition.*
*Her voice which rings my eardrums, the atmosphere which shakes my skin and her very slightly "slow" moment of preparation before striking suggests my next move.*
Shuma: "Ra-aaaaah!"
*If her attack is the one which cuts through sound, my attack will be even greater than that.*
*Thrusting. Fastest swordplay, fencing. I deliver an extreme speed thrust that even a professional fencer would hardly capture its point with my superhuman power.*
Iris: "――――"
*This is not an attack to catch her off guard, but a head-on attack from right in front.*
*Her sword is completely ready for action, but after measuring our maximum speeds by the eye, my sword is still faster.*
*Therefore, I am convinced this time. This is the end...*
Lotus: "Disperse! Shuma!"
Iris: "B u r s t!"
Shuma: "――――"
*I felt I could see a light.*
*.........*
*Then, a moment of darkness.*
Shuma: "Aaaaaahhhh?!"
Iris: "*Chuckle*... You avoided that one, too! You showed me you could avoid even that one?!"
*Iris laughs pleasantly from the bottom of her heart.*
Shuma: "...Not a joke, really."
*I dispersed myself just in time. While feeling physical weariness come with it, I'm immersed with a delayed fear of what happened a few seconds ago as it comes back alive in my memory.*
Lotus: "A quick sword-drawing technique. It is so fast that offense and defense up to now look foolish."
*Words from a third party. Lotus. Without wiping the greasy sweat dripping on my lips, I focus on the monster's moves before my eyes.*
Iris: "Hehe. I never said this was my only weapon."
*She holds the sword in a backhand grip and pale lights coil about it.*
Lotus: "Probably, she's building up her body... She seems to be raising the standard of vampires' physical abilities which are already extreme."
*A matter so simple and straightforward. Yet, a solution so infinitely difficult.*
*Even if I completely take the initiative and unleash the swiftest attack, she can easily overturn it.*
*Even when she is forestalled, she can still lunge at me first. She unleashes such an absurd attack without taking any risk.*
*Again...unreasonable.*
Lotus: "...However, it is not that we are without a way to conquer her."
Shuma: "...How?"
Lotus: "She, Iris took a moment of preparation before she delivered the quick draw."
Lotus: "In the middle of the successive attacks, she deliberately left an unguarded point so that it was easy for you to attack."
Shuma: "That..."
*Is that because she was planning to give me a counter blow? These words are on the tip of my tongue.*
Lotus: "If she could deliver the quick-draw successively, do you think it would be necessary for her to take the trouble to lay herself open to attack so that she could counter you?"
Shuma: "...I see."
*Two tips engage with each other in my brain, and I see a little hope in them.*
Iris: "*Chuckle*... Has the meeting in your brain finished?"
Shuma: "Yeah, we got an answer without a problem."
*I raise the sword in silence, and like a pitcher getting set, take an oblique stance and face Iris.*
Lotus: "You know that...if you fail, certainly you will die."
*I do. Considering my remaining power, if I am cut in two and absorbed, without a mistake, I'll have my life force taken away completely and die.*
*However...*
Iris: "...Oh."
Iris: "Good...eyes..."
*...Whether I win or lose, I must make her take responsibility for all this.*
Shuma: "I'm gonna kill you. Ready, Iris Pumila?"
*I raise my sword closely and firmly over my head.*
Iris: "Oh, try and kill me, Shuma Kusanagi."
*Glaring lights which erase the shine of the moon cover up my enemy's right arm.*
*The game will be over in the flash of a second.*
Lycoris: "Shut up, I say!"
*It's been a while since we worked together, but we're in tune with each other more than we expected.*
Lycoris: "Aoi! They went your way, I say!"
*Replying with "I know!", a dark shadow of a girl kicks a wall and accelerates her speed, then cuts through the monsters with a point of her sword.*
Lycoris: "Two new, one left rear, 30 degrees! I want you to kill only those in your view, I say!"
*Two vampire hunters who tried to kill each other not so long ago now stand back to back and eliminate the monsters which disappear and reappear in the darkness of night.*
Aoi: "I can hardly reduce their number... What an opening performance we're in!"
Lycoris: "When it's all done, I'm gonna bill him for many things!"
*That's a good idea. The girl with streaming raven black hair laughs cheerfully in the darkness of the night.*
Lycoris: "Hehe, Shuma, when it's all said and done, I'll get you for this―?!"
*It was at almost the same time, the two of them felt the same thing.*
Lycoris: "Crap, I say!"
*Unpleasant feelings as if rotten mud has stuck to your skin.*
*They've appeared at a very serious spot...close to the place where two vampires are dueling!*
Lycoris: "About a distance of a few hundred meters, time is ten seconds...will we get there in time, I say?"
Aoi: "We have to 'cause we promised! We would never let them get in the way of the duel!"
*The two run to the spot of the distorted beings which can shake the world.*
Aoi: "What?!"
Lycoris: "I say?!"
*However, a dazzling blaze like daylight above their heads halts them completely.*
Aoi: "...Ah."
*Words fail me.*
*However, I've clearly felt it. The foreign beings which tried to interfere with their fight, got involved in it and were simply eliminated before they could try anything.*
Lycoris: "...Again, I'm glad we didn't follow him, I say.
*Aoi forgets to nod at Lycoris' muttering words.*
*The moment which is brought on with a strong glow like a sparkling star, alone makes us realize on a cellular level the overwhelming difference in power, even though we're a few hundred meters away.*
*It teaches us the fact that whoever they are, those who dare go near there will have nothing, not even their dust left after they are gone.*
Lycoris: "Hey, Aoi. Just a thought but...is it a waste of time for us to fight here so that they won't be interfered with, I say?"
Aoi: "...No, it isn't. Definitely not."
*Replying in a weak voice, the girl firmly denies her partner's words.*
*Certainly, we are fighting here to prevent them from interfering with their duel.*
*But...*
Aoi: "We can't leave mankind's enemies like this, can we?"
Lycoris: "...As usual, nothing but an emotional and musclebrain answer."
Aoi: "Sorry for that...but I can't settle down and wait."
Lycoris: "...Well, if it wasn't like this, it wouldn't be Aoi, I say!"
Lycoris: "Start with what we can do, and what we have before our eyes... Steadiness is the best!"
Aoi: "Now you're talking!"
*More so because we both know not much energy is left in us.*
Lycoris: "Bring it on, monsters!"
Aoi: "We aren't going easy on you today!"
Shuma: "*Groan*."
*My attack is definitely not slow.*
*Her breathing, steps, habits. I deliver a strike after figuring out everything about Iris.*
*My all-out strike in which a human would be cut in half while he blinks, and even a normal vampire would be eliminated without reacting to it.*
Iris: "B u r s t."
*However, the swift and decisive flash which is shot at me as if it were laughing at everything about me...*
*...its distance is more than enough. Its power is tremendous. A blow which goes faster than sound leaves everything that exists behind.*
Shuma: "――――!"
*An unavoidable slash which is quicker than the neurons, which makes you see your life flash before your eyes.*
*An attack which is a defensive hand, but can become a death blow as long as she delivers it before the opponent's attack hits her.*
*Vampires, the strongest species in the world. The greatest monster among them, a giant who fought against the entire world all by herself and still has survived.*
Iris: "This is the end, Embroche!"
*Iris Pumila's large sword comes close to cutting my head off, faster than my attack reaches her and before I can disperse myself into mist.*
Shuma: "Gah..."
*I feel no pain. Before I have time to tremble from the fear of a vague idea of death, the countdown to end my body starts.*
*In less than a second, my field of view becomes all black.*
Shuma: "Raaaaaaaahhhh!"
Iris: "What?!"
*A split second. The remaining nerves I have connected from the time I was cut, to the time my vision blacked out push my body forward...*
*In the jet black darkness where I see nothing and hear nothing, I depend on only them.*
Lotus: "No error. Slash with all your might!"
*I throw down my sword at the monster who is supposed to be in front me.*
Iris: "Arrrrgh...?!"
*In the complete darkness, I feel my sword tearing up her flesh through the grip.*
*Probably a fatal wound but the enemy is not yet dead.*
Shuma: "...Ugh, haaaah! *Wheeze*...hee, hakee...*cough*...!"
*A few seconds. Right here in the place of death, I spend the time in which normally I would have died twice, but instead I cure my body using the life force I've stolen.*
Shuma: "Ugh...gak...gh, ugggghh..."
*Life force flowing into me fills up my whole body.*
*Yeah, this feeling. The feeling that I've been overwritten into something else.*
Shuma: "Hah...haaah...! Ka, ha ha, aah...Look at you!"
*In the sight which finally opens up, stands a king of the night in all red...like Calen of some time ago.*
Iris: "*Cough*, *inhale*...haaa, kahahahaha!"
*Her lips are wet with the foam of blood and a raw wound opens slantwise from her shoulder to heart. However, she doesn't even glance at it and simply looks at me and laughs.*
Iris: "Impossible...I cannot believe I was beaten by such a method.
*Lose a battle to win a war. A counterattack which is impossible for normal living creatures.*
Iris: "Oh, I feel great."
Iris: "When was I severely wounded last...?"
Iris: "When did I get hurt last...?"
Iris: "I have not felt my heart beating this fast, oh, for such a long time."
*She licks the tip of her finger soaked with blood.*
*And.*
Iris: "However, see, Shuma... Game is over, Shuma."
*She grabs the weapon of instant death with her graceful, unwounded fingers.*
*She turns to me to deliver another blow, like the one which has already indisputably slaughtered my body.*
Lotus: "...Deadlock, I suppose."
Shuma: "It's not done yet. Game is not over yet."
Lotus: "...Yes, it is. Now that you could not finish her off with the last surprise attack, there is no way for us to defeat her."
Shuma: "Yes, there is. I have a card up my sleeve."
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "A simple thing."
Lotus: "......"
*That is an extremely simple answer.*
Iris: "...*Evil chuckle*..."
Iris: "You will delight me up to the end...!"
*Like in a mirrored image, I have my weapon ready at my waist.*
Lotus: "...I don't think you are in your right mind."
Shuma: "Do you think I can win with a right mind?"
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "Right mind didn't work, regular tactics didn't work, even roundabout attacks didn't work on her..."
Shuma: "It's a waste of time and too late to think of the correct way to fight her right now."
Lotus: "...*Chuckle*."
Lotus: "You are right...yeah, you are right, Shuma."
Lotus: "Then, go. Take the path you believe in and go down it, Shuma Kusanagi!"
*You don't need to tell me that!*
Shuma: "Ha, haaaah...!"
*Half-assed monkey tricks would be so easily covered up and completely crushed by her enormous light.*
Shuma: "......"
*There will be no next. I know that.*
Iris: "......"
*Colossal light overflows her body.*
Iris: "T h r u s t!"
*It becomes focused on her right side.*
Shuma: "...!"
*It will probably be like a quick-draw blade blast.*
*A storm which is created on the moment she delivers will chop me into pieces and give me eternal death.*
Shuma: "Ha, ah...ka, ha...aaaah..."
*I cannot choose methods.*
*I cannot hold on to any emotions.*
*I absorb, absorb and absorb...as much power I can find.*
Shuma: "Haa...ki...ah...kah, hee..."
*I've been overwritten, I've been painted over.*
*The power that keeps compressing itself beyond its limit eats me up from inside.*
*...Not enough, not enough, this is NOT ENOUGH!*
*I must use everything and absorb everything, otherwise I won't be able to defeat the monster before my eyes.*
Shuma: "...Ga...gye...eee...gh...ga..."
*Enough strength to break and enough determination to drive off two thousand years of history.*
Shuma: "Ga, gh, oh, aaaaaaaahhh!"
*Hot, hot, hot.*
*My immature body less than a quarter century old is screaming.*
Lotus: "...! ...!"
*Someone yells from inside my head. Even that is an obstruction to me.*
Shuma: "Ha, aaah...ka, ha, aaahh!"
*Disappearing, disappearing. Each time something in my head disappears, my train of though becomes clear.*
*And my body which was exhausted is getting filled with power.*
Shuma: "Power, ha...ah..."
*I don't need extra distractions.*
*Now I only need the power to defeat the enemy before my eyes.*
Iris: "...Are you prepared?"
Shuma: "......"
Iris: "...Hmph. You cannot afford to reply, I see."
Iris: "...You become this...in the end."
*Looking at me, Iris lets escape a disappointed sigh.*
Iris: "Well...fine."
*Her soft lips tighten up.*
*Her shapely eyebrows are bent.*
*Her large eyes narrow down.*
Iris: "I shall send you to Calen."
*She holds a grip with her svelte fingers.*
Shuma: "......"
*I put strength into my grip following her move.*
*Feeling of fulfillment spreading throughout my body convinces me of victory. As long as I can make the first move, I will win.*
Shuma: "......"
Iris: "――――"
*I sharpen my senses.*
*Including the sixth sense which is recovered.*
*After three large breaths, a short breath. After that, unconsciously she moves her muscles very slightly then becomes stiff in a split second.*
*That moment is the chance which brought me a previous success...or it was supposed to be.*
Iris: "...L a s t."
Shuma: "Ugh!"
*Blazing sparkle burns out retinas. Immediately after, she mercilessly spins the power of words at such a speed, not even a regret can catch up.*
Iris: "B u r s t!"
*It seems impossible to reach her in time. A wildly speeding storm enters my side before I can make my first move.*
*Crap, crap, crap, I can't avoid, can't dodge, can't escape.*
*What am I gonna do? Power to step in? Now? Even if I can, I'll be the same speed?*
*End? Is it gonna end? Am I going to end?*
*It's a waste? Are both Calen's effort and my determination all wasted?*
*To begin with...why did Calen try to save me at the risk of her life?*
*She was weaker than me. If she had done nothing, she wouldn't have been killed.*
Shuma: "Oh."
*Oh, I see...*
Shuma: "Oh."
*Finally I remember.*
*Finally I can remember...*
*...why Calen fought at the risk of her own life.*
Shuma: "So that I can stay as my own self!"
*Her wish and this life she kept alive doing that much...I cannot give them up so easily!*
Shuma: "Waaaaaaaaahhhh!"
*If the laws of physics create limitations of speed, all I need to do is to remove them.*
Iris: "What?!"
*That is a revelation this desperate situation has produced.*
*No, it's not...it's an unmistakable miracle which has been born because she existed.*
Shuma: "Bloody Shread!"
*If my attack cannot reach her, I will bring her body near me by force.*
*Her remnants which are created with my particles throw Iris, who is in an attacking stance, off balance.*
Iris: "Ah."
*That is enough.*
*It is impossible to achieve by myself.*
Shuma: "You're over! Iris Pumila!"
*A glitter of Deesse Morte which is thrown down declares the end of one night.*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
*A slashed wound is immediately recovered.*
*However, my body which is deprived of the important part necessary to exist as a progenitor has already begun its decay.*
Iris: "...Right time, I suppose."
*The feeling in my fingertips is going away. This body will last less than a hour.*
Shuma: "......"
*To the young soul who broke a wedge of history I built up over the last two thousand years.*
Iris: "Splendid, Shuma Kusanagi."
*I shall give a reward to him for destroying me, whom tens of thousand of humans could not finish off.*
Shuma: "...What?"
*With my shaking fingertip, I speak. Bring the small box and the body of his beloved close to me.*
Shuma: "...Is this good?"
*He is a little suspicious but, as if he has surrendered, Shuma lifts up Calen's dead body.*
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "......"
*The face of Shuma, who holds up the completely lifeless body, looks so painful that it is difficult to imagine that he is the winner.*
*Naturally. How hard it is to lose your loved one...I know it more than anyone else in the world.*
Shuma: "...What are you going to do?"
Iris: "...You...won over me..."
Shuma: "...So...what?"
*There is no hope in his eyes.*
*And no pleasure in seeing his sworn enemy who killed his beloved decaying away.*
Iris: "I think...I shall give you a reward."
*I cannot allow the winner to have such a face.*
*I receive the small box. My own factor was supposed to be kept inside it, but right now, Calen's soul should be inside.*
Iris: "Hmph. This is his work. It cannot have any imperfections."
*Lifting the small box, I slowly push up, overlapping it with her heart.*
Iris: "Ugh...ah..."
Shuma: "H-hey?!"
*Shuma has no idea what I am doing. It is not necessary to explain the compatibility between Calen's soul and mine to him.*
Iris: "Haa...a, ah..mm."
*As I embed all of the small box, I feel Calen's life force lodge into my body as if its filling up my torn factor. After this...*
Shuma: "What...are you...?!"
*I turn the homunculus' body which has now become a vessel, into particles, then make them coil around my body and absorb them.*
Iris: "This is a service...no, more like your birthday present."
*Overwrite. I overwrite Iris Pumila's world.*
Iris: "Haha..."
*MY WORLD IS MELTING AWAY.*
Iris: "...Such a long time has passed since then, Embroche. I, once again..."
*Intense light which easily erases the light of the full moon.*
Shuma: "......"
*Like beasts being blinded and frozen in a car's headlights, my time comes to a stop.*
Shuma: "...Ah."
*In my finally returning vision, a blurry outline slowly takes its shape.*
*...This is certainly a dream or illusion.*
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "......"
*In the place where Iris was until a moment ago.*
*There stands the girl whom I could only love for a brief period in my short life and who was supposed to have gone to sleep for eternity.*
Shuma: "...You are."
*She is dead. Her pulse and breath have stopped completely.*
*So this is a dream or illusion. A parting gift from Iris who caught me off guard.*
Shuma: "Are you...Calen...?"
*She is dead. Unmistakably. Still, this is all I can say.*
*If I'm dead already, as long as I can see the real Calen on the verge of death...*
*I don't care if this body will be destroyed or this world crumbles away.*
Calen: "......"
*Like the first time I met her, shiny silver hair flies in the wind.*
Calen: "...Yes."
*Calen, Calendula Officinalis looks at me with her calm eyes.*
Calen: "I am... Shuma-san's Calen!"
*Moonlight begins to shine on the world again.*
====================E-KL03_05.TXT====================
Shuma: "You're here. I've been looking for you."
*In an old castle at night. I find my beloved in a chair on an open veranda under the moonlight and slowly walk up to her.*
Calen: "Really...you are a worrier, Shuma-san. Do not worry. It is rather better to move a little when you are pregnant."
Shuma: "You say so but...I can't help worrying about you."
*On the surface of her silver hair, glistening particles of light stream down.*
Calen: "Hehe, your papa is such trouble."
*She lovingly strokes her large baby bump.*
Calen: "...How was it today?"
Shuma: "Great, I guess. The barrier is stable so they were mostly small fry."
*Shuma Embroche, Officinalis and Calendula Pumila.*
*Thanks to the new set of three clans, the barrier which had been coming apart was firmly restored. Years have passed since the fierce fight with Iris.*
*Peaceful days have been continuing but we cannot be careless.*
*Although we have the barrier, the stagnant life force from Derniere has not stopped its invasion completely just yet.*
*Also, there is an issue about the existence of "God" which has infested the Rubina. Our world is not perfect enough for us to be optimistic.*
*However...*
Calen: "I see...oh."
Calen: "She has moved, just now."
*This world has not finished yet.*
*Seeing her eyes sparkle at the throbbing in her womb, I slowly move my palm along her bump.*
Calen: "...How is it?"
Shuma: "......"
*Slight vibrations being mixed in with a mother's slow breathing.*
*Like *pokko pokko*. I sense the sound of a life moving.*
Shuma: "Our child, really."
Calen: "...Yes, truly it's our child."
*I put my hand on Calen's shoulder and look up at the sky.*
*Tonight is a full moon. The moonlight shines over us like on that day.*
Shuma: "...Hey."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "When I see a full moon, I think about that time. I wonder why Iris fought with me."
Calen: "......"
*It's not that I want an answer nor that I want her opinion.*
*It is simply a monologue...and she knows it well so she just smiles and listens to me without saying anything.*
Shuma: "Iris...was already tired of living, I think."
Calen: "......"
*That is just an empty theory in the end.*
*She said she wanted to make me awaken as a progenitor.*
*In order to prevent this world from collapsing. That itself was not wrong.*
*But when I think about it now, her methods were far from efficient.*
*If she had seriously wanted to make me a progenitor, she should have forced me to suck blood from the beginning.*
*If she had seriously wished to prevent the world from falling into ruin, all she should have done was to use a homunculus as Calen used to be.*
*But she didn't do any of these things. When I think carefully, there are many things that don't add up.*
*Come to think of it, when I saw her the first time, she looked like a haphazard person, but she wasn't like that when she was fighting against me.*
*She was lively as if she had been someone else and reacted like a child who couldn't hide her pleasure in finding a treasure for the first time.*
*There was a time I thought of branding her as fight crazy.*
*But...her clenching fist, her straight gaze...*
*...and her last words have made me think gradually that Iris Pumila was not pure evil.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "Well, what do you think, Dad?"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Right."
*Dad no longer replies to me. That many years have passed already.*
*While everything around us keeps changing in a hurry, we will continue our way unchanged.*
Calen: "Shuma-san."
Calen: "At a time like this..."
Shuma: "......"
*She holds my hand and lays it on her bump.*
Calen: "It is best to ask her directly."
*Soft, warm and strong.*
*Through her dress, I can clearly feel a stirring of life on my palm.*
Calen: "Still...Lady Pumila...no?"
Calen: "Iris-chan is alive within me."
*She says this, then smiles.*
Calen: "Hehe, it was simply a fragment in the beginning but...we have amplified it little by little and grown her slowly, taking a long time."
Calen: "And especially since you went all over the word gathering up pieces of Iris-chan's factor. It shall be certainly alright."
Shuma: "...Right."
*I feel calm as if her words dispelled a demon possessing my heart.*
Calen: "Hehe, rather than such a worry, I am very much looking forward to hearing what she will say to us when she is born."
*She smiles at me with a mischievous face she's shown to me many times before and says that kind of thing.*
Shuma: "Haha! She thought she vanished but will be born as our child... I wonder what kind of face she'll make?"
Calen: "We must discipline her so that she will not be foolish."
Shuma: "Right... This time we must make sure she won't be lonely."
*I am not a human.*
*Among those who have been involved with me, there are the ones who chose to follow through with their limited lives.*
*All I could do was to gaze after them running away.*
*They smiled at me saying they were happy.*
*However...*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen."
Shuma: "Let's be happy together."
Calen: "Shuma-san...I am already very happy."
*As long as this warmth won't disappear, I'm sure I can keep going.*
*First, two thousand years, a boredom Iris could not overcome by herself...*
Shuma: "Yeah...me too, Calen."
Calen: "Hehe...I am glad."
Calen: "I love you, my dear."
*I will try to overcome with my most beloved...*
====================E-KYO01_01.TXT====================
*So bright.*
*Unintentionally, I turn my eyes upward and see a wide-open blue sky and an overly assertive sun.*
*I lift my right hand and shield my eyes from the relentless assault of sunlight.*
*A lover of the night that's been sacrificed, is being scorched and teased. I wish the sun would show its mercy.*
Shuma: "Ah, I wish the sun would explode."
Sakurako: "What kind of dangerous stuff are you talking about?"
Shuma: "...Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Yes, I am THE Sakurako Doumyouji."
Shuma: "Yeah, I know."
Sakurako: "Great, Shuma. You know everything about me."
Shuma: "I don't know everything. At most, your measurements. Oh, and your weight is fifty―"
Sakurako: "Stoooooop!!"
Sakurako: "W-wait, wait, Shuma-san. Where did that come from? I mean, where did you get that info...? Oh, seriously, Shuma, you think of me so much..."
Shuma: "You dropped your form after the last physical exam, didn't you? So I put it up on a bulletin board for you. You can thank me now."
Sakurako: "Oh, thank... No, Shuma, what have you done?! No, no way... Is it still up there?!"
Shuma: "I'm joking. I wrote down the measurements for my files and gave the form to a school nurse, so don't worry."
Sakurako: "Phew. Why didn't you say that in the first place? I made a fuss for no reason."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Sakurako: "Huh?"
Shuma: "Nothing, if that was okay with Sakurako, it's all good."
Sakurako: "You picked it up and handed it to a school nurse, right? Then, no problem."
*The girl starting to walk after making the previous comment is Sakurako Doumyouji, a classmate.*
*I've known her for a long time, but she's not my childhood friend. She is what you'd call a very close one though.*
Shuma: "Oh, that reminds me, Sakurako..."
Sakurako: "Whaaat? Oh, if you're going to confess your love, I'd prefer a more romantic place."
Shuma: "The sun already exploded, so it's not even dangerous. You should have pointed that part out when you butted in on my line. You need to work on that."
Sakurako: "W-what's this? He's totally ignoring my comment and disapproving of me on something else entirely..."
*We walk together to the gate and leave school.*
*The school ground is filled with the noise of athletic club members. I don't belong to any after-school activities, so my only impression is that they're practicing really hard.*
*Meanwhile, a soccer ball rolls toward me. I stop it with my foot.*
Male Friend: "Thank you! Oh, you Shuma, kick the ball over here!"
Shuma: "Alright!"
*I turn to the voice and see a soccer club member who's one of my classmates. He must have miskicked.*
*To return it, I make a short run and kick the ball dead center.*
**Boom*!!!*
Shuma: "Ah."
Male Friend: "Whoa?!"
*The ball maintains its low height, passes by the classmate like a bullet, and pierces the goal net on the opposite side of the field.*
Sakurako: "Amazing! What was that? Tiger Shoot?! Illusion Left?! Odin's Sword?!"
*I don't know what she's talking about...but more seriously, almost all the soccer club members are looking at us wondering what has just happened.*
Shuma: "...I'll go ahead."
Sakurako: "Ah, wait for me Shuma! I'm coming with you."
*I escape through the school gate and let out a big sigh.*
*...Now I've really done it.*
Sakurako: "......"
*I can't believe I can't control it this much.*
*I thought I could manage it.*
*This is exactly what she said.*
*After all, I...*
Sakurako: "Shuma, you've changed."
Shuma: "Huh?! W-what are you saying? I haven't changed."
Sakurako: "Eh, you have changed. At least now you can joke with me."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Sakurako: "About a month ago, you looked totally out of it and the only response I got from you was, 'Oh, yeah...' when we talked."
*One month ago, my mother died. It was so sudden I wasn't sure what was really happening to me back then.*
*For a few days, I was so depressed that I didn't feel like doing anything. I worried and troubled many people. Sakurako was one of them.*
*I see. It was only a month ago. Unintentionally, I put my hand on my chest.*
Sakurako: "Ah, I'm sorry. I reminded you...didn't I?!"
*Sakurako must be mistaking my gesture for remembering my mother and getting depressed. She looks worried and makes an apology.*
Shuma: "No... I've come to terms with it, so it's okay. More than that, I'm surprised to know it was just a month ago. So many things have happened since then."
*I tell that to Sakurako who is concerned and shrug my shoulders.*
Sakurako: "I see. As soon as I thought you were cheering up though, you started missing class."
Sakurako: "I thought you caught a cold, so I went to check up on you, then nobody was at home! I worried you may be thinking about doing something stupid. I seriously thought about filing a missing persons report."
Shuma: "Haha...I am really sorry."
Sakurako: "If you hadn't contacted me a few hours later, you would have been put on a nationwide wanted list―how disappointing."
Shuma: "Whaaat?! What were you trying to do?!"
Sakurako: "You know, only family members can file a missing persons report with the police, so someone came up with the idea to accuse you of a crime to get you on the wanted list."
Shuma: "That itself is a crime..."
Sakurako: "You left us worried so much. And you? Having a good time abroad."
Shuma: "I had no time to have fun..."
Sakurako: "But you went to your father's family home, didn't you? Anyway, I can't believe Shuma's father is a foreigner."
Shuma: "I didn't know it, either."
Sakurako: "You don't look mixed at all."
Shuma: "Leave it at that."
*Actually, when I learned of my father's background, I didn't feel I was mixed at all.*
*Because I experienced more shocking things than that...*
Shuma: "Ugh."
Sakurako: "Shuma?"
Shuma: "No, nothing..."
Sakurako: "But you don't look good. You're sweating, too. Did you eat something bad, like expired mayonnaise?"
*Sakurako leans very close to me, so I quickly turn away and keep my cool somehow.*
Shuma: "I'm not you. I'd never eat something like that. Just, the sun is too strong."
Sakurako: "The sun...?"
*During this season, the sun never gets too strong. Rather, the days are more comfortable.*
*Sakurako tilts her neck in confusion. Her pale neck is dazzling.*
Shuma: "Really, nothing. But, yes...did you say you have something to do?"
Sakurako: "Oh, right. I'm supposed to check if the new game machines are out."
Shuma: "Alright, then see you tomorrow."
*I'm glad Sakurako is simple. We are near the spot where we'll part ways, so I ride out the conversation.*
Sakurako: "Okay. Tomorrow!!"
*I wave my hand with a smile and watch Sakurako run off. When I turn away, she calls out to me.*
Sakurako: "Next time let's leave together with that girl."
Shuma: "O-okay."
*Sakurako makes me stutter, but she keeps going without paying attention.*
*For some reason, I feel like I've been fooled by her and it makes me frustrated.*
Shuma: "Anyway, let's go home..."
*On my way home, I look up at the sky, which now becomes a little easier to live with.*
*When Sakurako told me I had "changed", I was stunned.*
*I've never believed that I myself ever "changed".*
*It's more like, I don't want to change, so I've tried not to think about it.*
*But no matter how hard I try and believe, there are many things I cannot do anything about.*
Shuma: "I'm hom―"
*???: "Ah, Master. Welcome home."*
*A maid. Undoubtedly she is a maid.*
*Faced with this out-of-place maid in the house, where only my mother and I lived not so long ago, I'm forced to realize my life has changed whether I like it or not.*
*On the day I met this girl in front of me...*
*I was forced to give up being a human.*
*The smell of dust and the feeling of cold stones...*
*What's under my cheek? Is this flagstone or just hard floor?*
Shuma: "Uh-ughhh..."
*My sense of smell is overwhelmed by an incredibly old and stale odor.*
*I can easily imagine that no human hands have taken care of this place for many years.*
*At least the time passed is far longer than I can comprehend. I feel certain of that.*
Shuma: "What is this place?"
*After much determination, I'm able to slightly open my eyes. I see an outdated and dreary corridor as should be expected.*
Mari/???: "Oh, you woke up."
Shuma: "...Huh?"
*I can't organize my thoughts. Where am I? Who is this girl in front of me? Why is she a maid?*
Mari/???: "I guess it's okay. We will continue on."
Shuma: "Huh? No, wait, wait, please wait!"
**Drag, drag, drag, drag*.*
Shuma: "Waaaaaa?!!"
*The girl starts walking without listening to me. She grips in her hand something that looks like a leash and it's connected to the thing tied around my body.*
Shuma: "Stop, stoooop!!! Please stop, please!!"
Mari/???: "For crying out loud. I'm really in a hurry."
*After dragging me for dozens of meters on the floor, she finally stops. The floor is uneven and hurts.*
Shuma: "I can stand up and walk by myself, so wait a second."
Mari/???: "It can't be helped. I'll give you a second."
*Tied up only above the elbows, I manage to stand up by myself.*
Shuma: "Th-thanks. You helped me... No, no. Why am I tied up? And who are you? Where am I?!"
Mari/???: "You don't need to shout. I can hear you. So, you wanted to know my measurements?"
Shuma: "Huh?! I wasn't asking for THOSE! But if you tell me..."
Mari/???: "Pervert!"
Shuma: "D-don't pull like that. I'm gonna fall down! And I don't really care about their size. Rather, I prefer modest ones!"
Mari/???: "Lolicon!"
Shuma: "Wait, I can't allow you to call me lolicon. Because I promised my mother―"
Mari/???: "......"
Shuma: "But, if you suddenly stop like that, I don't know what to do."
Mari/???: "This is the residence castle of Lady Iris Pumila in Racronia. I am Maritima Malcolmia. Please call me Mari."
Shuma: "Eh? Ah, well, I'm Shuma Kusanagi."
Mari: "There. Here we go!"
**Pull, pull*.*
Shuma: "No, no, untie me first, wa-waaaaaaah!!
Mari: "Bow-wow woooow♪"
**Drag, drag, drag, drag*.*
Mari: "Here we are!"
Shuma: "......"
*She finally stopped. How dare she drag me around while humming a tune.*
*I quit resisting and kept my face off the floor to avoid getting scraped, but now my neck really hurts and I'm close to losing my patience.*
Shuma: "Hey, enough of this... Untie me now or you will be sorry later."
*Not only do I not know where I am, but I'm also tied up and can't move. I understand it's not constructive to lose my calm in a stupid way right now, but I can't help being irritated.*
*It's time to give her a clear "no". Just when I've so decided, I feel the surrounding air has been transformed.*
Iris/???: "Well, well. How will she be sorry?"
**Shudder*.*
*Fear runs through my spine as if icy water had been splashed down my back.*
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*Before I know it, she's dragged me through the corridor and now we're in a wide open space.*
*This place...I should call it a throne room, is dimly lit and filled with gloomy air.*
*And I feel a different presence from the girl called Mari who dragged me here. I turn my head in that direction.*
Iris: "...Hmph."
*That is it, right there.*
*IT sits on the throne, resting a cheek in one hand and glaring at me.*
*On the outside is a cute girl. Like an angel...*
*But my instinct tells me something is not right.*
*Like a frog being stared down by a snake. This phrase passes through my mind.*
*I want to scream and run away right now. But my body is frozen.*
*Shuma*
*Ahh...ugh...*
Iris: "What's this?! He responds like a human. Is this really his son?"
Mari: "Y-yes! I-I think so! I mean, I just dragged him here from the entrance of the castle."
*The maid who dragged me here looks nervous. Her facial expression is tense. She seems to be trembling slightly.*
*I, too, can't stop my trembling. The back of my neck tingles and feels like my hair is standing on end. It's so hard to breathe.*
Iris: "Hmm. In this manner, he does not know the existence of vampires."
Shuma: "...V-vampires?"
*I try my best not to go blank from fear and gasp out the word.*
*The girl grins as if enjoying my reaction.*
Iris: "Yes. A son of the Embroche. Rejoice, for you have vampire blood within you."
Iris: "And it is not of common vampires. Your blood is of a progenitor, one of only three that exist on this planet. Immortal blood crosses over time eternal."
*This smug-faced girl in front of me could be dismissed as pathetically delusional, but unusual pressure released from her commands me to think otherwise.*
*But, progenitors? Vampire blood? My mother was a normal human being.*
*As far back as I can remember, I was alone with my mother. That was my normal life, so I never had any doubts nor did my mother say anything about it.*
Iris: "Your father is a vampire."
Shuma: "You say that so out of the blue..."
Iris: "You don't look very surprised."
Shuma: "Surprised? I am surprised to find out that the father I forgot existed is actually a vampire and..."
Shuma: "...a disgusting raping bastard!!"
*I'm more angry than surprised. Even if he is my root, he did it to― No wonder my mother didn't tell me of his existence.*
*Shit, when I see him, I'm gonna beat him up.*
Iris: "That Embroche is a rapist... Hehehe, hahahahahaha!"
Shuma: "What?"
Mari: "Um, there seems to be some misunderstanding, because Lord and Lady Embroche were truly in love with each other."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Iris: "Hehehe... When was the last time I laughed so much? Lotus wouldn't have expected to be called a rapist by his own son. He must be turning in his grave."
Iris: "Still, as a progenitor, such a slander means nothing. Rather, he is a dissenter. No, I should call it the karma of the Embroche family."
*What is this? I don't understand what she's talking about.*
Mari: "It's true there are vampires who do that sort of thing naturally. But the lord I served was a gentleman to all ladies."
Iris: "You call Embroche blood that of gentlemen...? Hmph, times have changed."
*What...does this mean?*
Shuma: "...I jumped to the wrong conclusion?"
Iris: "That's right."
Mari: "I think so."
*Oh no...this is really embarrassing.*
Shuma: "But, then why was my mother alone? According to the maid right there, they were in love, weren't they?"
Mari: "Well...Lord Embroche passed away a few years ago."
*After saying that, the maid turns her eyes to the girl with twintails, as if to ascertain her reaction.*
Iris: "......"
Shuma: "He was a vampire but died?"
*What? Didn't that girl with twintails just say smugly that "Immortal blood crosses over time eternal"?*
Iris: "It seems you want to say something, Embroche boy."
Shuma: "Ugh."
*No. I thought I was used to it a little, but whenever she turns her eyes to me, my body shrinks up as if my heart were clutched by her hand.*
Mari: "Vampires, especially those who have progenitors' power within are also called 'no life kings' and can have very long lives. Indeed, Lady Pumila here has existed more than 2000 years."
*Seriously. She is over 2000 years old and looks like this? I can't call her a legal loli. This is a loli old bag. No, my instinct is whispering to me to say no more.*
Mari: "In the world of vampires, three families with a progenitor at the top maintain the balance."
Mari: "The Embroche family, whom I serve, had a peaceful time with progenitor Lord Embroche in charge, but..."
Iris: "......"
*What is between them? As far as I can tell, it seems the maid belongs to a different family from this loli old ba―I mean blonde twintails girl.*
Mari: "Sadly, Lord Embroche passed away and the many familiars who belonged to the Embroche family couldn't exist any longer after his passing."
Mari: "So, I cooperated with Lady Pumila to revive the Embroche family. I was told I could meet my new master if I came here."
Shuma: "Eh? You mean...me?"
Mari: "Yes."
*I'm the master of the maid in front of me?*
Shuma: "Considering everything, you've treated me really badly!"
*I've not forgotten you dragged me here! I'm still tied up. It's about time to untie me.*
Mari: "So you say. I understand you are the son of my lord, but you are not a vampire...just a human. I can't think of you as my master even a little bit."
Shuma: "Ah, right, I don't remember being a vampire in the slightest."
Mari: "Hehe. You're the human who's restrained and rolling on the floor. How is it? How do you feel now? Take this...and that!"
Shuma: "H-hey! Just because I can't resist, don't start poking me with your toe. I'm gonna peek up your panties!"
Mari: "Hehe. Please try it if you can. There, there."
Shuma: "Ah! What a coward! You tease me right there, that's the act of the devil!!"
*It's decided. If I really become her master, I'll definitely fire her.*
*I wonder if it's bad that I am toying with the maid like this.*
Iris: "...Enough playing around."
Shuma & Mari: "Ugh?!"
*The relaxed mood instantly becomes tense.*
Iris: "Too much playing around might make Officinalis suspicious. And it would be tedious if they try to meddle yet again."
**Draw*.*
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*All the girl does is move her finger to beckon me.*
*With only that, my body laying on the floor moves in front of her. My feet are hovering above the ground.*
Iris: "As the dog over there said, your father died. But we can't do without a progenitor."
*The girl stretches out her arm. The maid's face turns white and she backs away. I want to do the same, but my body refuses to listen.*
Iris: "He'd like you to live as human...but at this time that wish won't be fulfilled."
*I can't take my eyes off of the dim light gathering on her fingertip. All I know is it that its existence is indefinable.*
Iris: "Come, I will give you this prized element. Become the next generation progenitor and come unto me. Embroche."
*Her arm slowly stretches toward my stomach...*
Iris: "Awake."
*...Her thin arm is embedded within me.*
Shuma: "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahh!!!"
Iris: "Feel. Feel the power within you."
Shuma: "Ah, ah, aaaahhhhh!!!"
*Hot.*
*Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot.*
*My body is burning. My blood feels like it's boiling.*
Iris: "You as a human have died now."
*...The girl is saying something but I have no time to hear it.*
*I don't know how to describe this. I don't know if it's painful or exhausting. Simply hot. My body is being transformed.*
Iris: "Obey the law of blood and fulfill your role."
*W-what is this? I woke up and found a rope around my body...*
*I was dragged around by the maid... The twintail blonde girl totally looked down on me...and suddenly told me I have vampire blood in me...*
*Still, I have no idea what's going on...!*
Iris: "Welcome to our world."
*This can't be!!!!*
*Suddenly, an eye-burning flash appears.*
*The heat that has been eating up my body begins to calm down.*
*Instead, now I feel a gentle warmth in my chest.*
Mari: "―ter?"
*I surrender my body to this light...*
Mari: "Master!!"
Shuma: "...?!"
Mari: "What happened? You suddenly became quiet and looked totally out of it."
*Right in front of me, Mari the maid anxiously looks up at me.*
Shuma: "No, nothing. Just...oh, right, please tell me what happened at that time again."
Mari: "That time?"
Shuma: "After Iris put her hand into my stomach."
Mari: "Oh..."
*Mari gives a look as if to say 'again?'. Well, it's true I asked her many times before.*
Mari: "I've thought you were really calming down."
Shuma: "Just tell me."
*The flashback was so vivid that I can't help being emotional.*
Mari: "Okay, okay. Understood. But, let's stop standing right here and talk about it over tea. It's still early for dinner."
Shuma: "...Right."
Mari: "Then, please leave your bag in your room."
*Mari says this and then walks to the kitchen. She is going to prepare tea just like she said she would.*
*I drag my feet to my room.*
Shuma: "Phew."
*In my room I drop my bag and change out of my school uniform. When I get to the living room, tea is waiting for me, so I have it with thanks.*
*I feel my mind clearing up a little. Green tea is good.*
Mari: "So, Master wants to hear what happened after Lady Pumila gave you a stomach bam, right?"
*The girl in maid clothes sitting across from me is Maritima Malcolmia.*
*As she suggested, I call her Mari. Her whole name is not easy to say, so frankly, it's helpful.*
Shuma: "Right. Iris gave me a stomach bam...not wrong but not quite right...and after that, I don't have any memories."
Mari: "You told that to me a couple of times. If I'm correct, you don't have memories until you were back in Japan."
Shuma: "Right."
*The place I was abducted to is in a small country called Racronia in Eastern Europe.*
*From there, across the ocean to Japan, my memories are completely blank.*
Mari: "Well, I said it many times, but soon after getting the stomach bam, Master was covered with the light. Like shining!"
*Did that expression take your fancy...? No, don't pay attention. If you do, I lose.*
Shuma: "I kind of remember the light covered me up. After that..."
Mari: "Let's see... The light gathered to Master's chest, then you tore the rope around you to pieces, grabbed me by the collar, and started running."
Shuma: "It's about me, but I don't understand what this all means."
Mari: "It's me who does not understand. Ah, I bumped my head right about that time. Please, Master, turn your head toward me for a moment."
Shuma: "I can guess what you want to do, but you're ready for what comes after, aren't you?"
*I crack my knuckles.*
Mari: "Violence no, absolutely NO. And...roughly speaking, after that, we transferred ships a couple of times and arrived in Japan."
Shuma: "That is really 'roughly'. And we obviously smuggled ourselves in."
Mari: "We didn't have passports."
*That's true. No passport. No foreign currencies. No connections. And the maid I had looks dependable but is useless.*
*In this situation, I transferred from one ship to another and smuggled myself back to Japan...so she said. And I did it in an unbelievably short time.*
*Honestly, I cannot believe the story. It makes more sense to think the maid before me is telling a lie.*
*But even if it's a lie, in reality I...we escaped from the old castle and came back to Japan.*
*This is really creepy.*
Mari: "Good grief, what are you so worried about? Master was all so dependable back then."
Shuma: "That's the thing."
Mari: "What is that thing?"
Shuma: "Me escaping from Racronia and coming back to Japan was not really me."
Mari: "Ah, is that something you need to worry about?"
Shuma: "Normally yes!!"
Mari: "As far as I'm concerned, Master at that time and Master now are both the same Master."
Shuma: "You said the other me was dependable."
Mari: "I said that, but so?"
Shuma: "You see..."
Mari: "Which Master is better? To that kind of question, the only answer I can give is that either is fine."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Because I am a maid and Master is the head of the Embroche. A vampire."
*Vampire.*
*Right...that time, I was turned into a vampire by the hand of that twintails girl...*
Shuma: "No, I haven't sucked blood yet, so I'm human."
Mari: "Eeh...what is that argument? It's like saying, 'I inserted only the tip so I'm still a cherry boy'."
Shuma: "I-I-I'm not a cherry boy."
Mari: "Then, start sucking. You can suck my blood if you like. Here, here."
*As soon as she says this, Mari exposes and flaunts her neck.*
*Shuma*
*...*Gulp*.*
Mari: "Well, this is only a joke."
Shuma: "Joke!! Ah, you tricked me!"
Mari: "Ah-hahaha! So fun to make fun of you."
Shuma: "You, stop making fun of your master!!"
Mari: "Oh, have you finally started feeling like a master?"
Shuma: "Ah...no, not like that."
*Since we arrived in Japan, Mari has been calling me 'master'.*
*Of course, I haven't accepted her as my maid. Only I was hesitant to throw her out here in Japan without friends or kin, so I let her stay.*
Mari: "Really Master, you don't know when to give up."
Shuma: "My fault."
Mari: "If you think it's bad, please suck blood."
Shuma: "That, I can not do."
Mari: "*Sigh*... I thought you would give up in a few days. You're more stubborn than I expected."
Shuma: "Because I'm human."
Mari: "But sometimes you long for blood, don't you?"
*The image of Sakurako's healthy neck flashes in my head.*
Mari: "You feel the sun is brighter than before?"
*I remember the sizzling feeling on my right hand.*
Mari: "When careless, you show strength a few times stronger than before?"
*The flying path of that soccer ball, which should only be possible in comic books.*
Mari: "There are so many other things too. You must have experienced all of them?"
Shuma: "............"
Mari: "Well, if you ask me, I'm not so sure if it's correct to call Master a vampire right now."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Mari: "I mean just that. Not sure. Because I'm only a maid. See, normally, if I ever talked like this, I would be extinguished with the snap of your fingers."
Mari: "Specially more so considering you're a progenitor, the top of all vampires. When we escaped from Lady Pumila, you were able to control me...but now you're like this."
*Mari shakes her head as if to say 'poor Master'.*
*Control. This is one of the reasons why I'm worrying about the memories I lost.*
*It seems I controlled Mari's mind to some extent. At the time, she never had any doubt of my actions.*
Mari: "If that suits you, are you going to control me from now?"
Shuma: "...If I could, I wouldn't do that."
Mari: "If you say so."
*Mari replies with no concern. Her attitude says she doesn't care whether she's controlled or not. No, to her either is really okay.*
*Our differences in values make my head dizzy.*
Mari: "It can't be helped, Master is a sissy."
**Grrr*.*
Shuma: "Even so, I get irritated when you're irritating, so I am going to punish you."
Mari: "Huh? Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhh."
**Noogie, noogie, noogie, noogie*.*
*After punishing Mari, I have dinner and go to my room.*
*I lie down on the bed and stare at the ceiling absentmindedly.*
*There are so many things I need to think about and I don't know where to start.*
*So, I've decided to think about nothing and simply live as I did before.*
*It's true my body's changed. Yes, it's become a bit inconvenient to live a normal life.*
*But that's just it. It's okay. Still okay.*
*Will I be changed back to a human?*
*Why did Iris Pumila turn me into a vampire?*
*From now on, I need to...human blood...*
*As soon as I close my eyes, I shake my head to chase away the worries coming to my mind.*
*It seems impossible to fall asleep. Is it because my body has become a vampire?*
*Through the window the darkness now looks brighter than usual.*
Shuma: "Sleepy..."
Mari: "Good morning, Master. You look like a production staffer who finds a fatal bug soon after his development deadline."
*Please stop it right there!*
Shuma: "...I had a hard time falling asleep."
Mari: "Vampires are nocturnal. How about washing your face? You might feel a little better."
Shuma: "I will."
*Looking away from the depressing face reflected in the mirror, I scoop up cold water in my hands and splash it on my face again and again.*
Shuma: "Phew. After all, I must take things as they are."
*When the day begins to break outside, somehow I reach this conclusion.*
*I give morning greetings to my mother.*
*I have my breakfast as usual.*
Mari: "Itadakimaaasu (let's eat)."
Shuma: "Itadakimasu."
Shuma: "When I think about it, you knew 'itadakimasu' from the beginning."
Mari: "Yes. I was taught to say it in the past."
*Really this maid, she settled herself into my home so naturally.*
*In the beginning, I had a bit of mixed feelings seeing breakfast ready for me in the morning, as it reminded me of my mother...*
Mari: "By the way, how is today's breakfast? Did I pass the test?"
Shuma: "Garlic is not really..."
Mari: "Oh, you started feeling like a vampire?"
Shuma: "No. Just, I don't want garlic for breakfast."
Mari: "When I think about it, I can't eat garlic. Master, please eat mine. Here, here!"
Shuma: "You cooked it yourself! You eat it!"
*Leaving it just like that, today's breakfast is bread and separately garlic toast, soup consomme and hamburger...hamburger?*
*I start with the hamburger with garlic sauce.*
Shuma: "...Delicious!"
Mari: "Yay, I'm glad! Please eat a lot. Let's get energy, increase your sex power, and do your best with girls at school all day long!"
Shuma: "What do you mean by 'sex power' and 'with girls at school'?!"
Mari: "That's of course as a vampire♪"
Shuma: "Ugh...Mari, I'm not a―"
Mari: "I know."
*So she says and resumes having her breakfast.*
*Really, the things I'm worried about must truly mean nothing to her.*
Shuma: "...Listen, what will you do if I say I won't be a vampire?"
Mari: "Yes? What will I? But you told me again last night you were a human being."
Shuma: "I did...but that's if I could completely go back to being a human. Mari, you want to revive my father's family, don't you? If we find a way to return me back to being human, what will you do?"
Mari: "Well...I say. I don't like humans."
Mari: "Because I'm a werewolf!"
*As Mari stands up, wolf ears appear from her head and a tail from her butt.*
Mari: "It's difficult for me to understand why Master doesn't want to be a vampire. To me, humans are scarier than vampires."
*She told me she was not a human as soon as we got back home.*
*I was surprised. Surely surprised. But that was all.*
*Maybe I was relieved at heart...*
*...to have someone else who was not human close to me.*
Mari: "And how are you planning to go back to being a human?"
Shuma: "That... I don't know that, yet..."
Mari: "About that kind of thing, please talk to me after you find a way. See, they say 'sleep talk after you go to sleep'. Hey, are you asleep now?"
Shuma: "You are cheeky. Take this!"
Mari: "Ah, ah, ah! Don't pet my tail, Master!"
Shuma: "I can actually touch it?!"
Mari: "Of course... Usually I hide it so I won't be discovered by humans. But when my defense is down, it sometimes slips out. Ah, ah, my tail...my taaail!"
*It's pretty nice to touch. I comb her tail fur a little hard from the root to the tip with my fingers.*
Mari: "*Howls*! Master, you seem used to handling dogs."
Shuma: "Mom loved dogs so I became a dog person."
Mari: "Wow! That's like Lady Embroche♪"
Shuma: "Hey, don't wag your tail. I'm gonna rub it the wrong way. There, there."
Mari: "Oohaaaah, it's bristling, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, aaah!"
Mari: "No, I can't bear it any more. I have to use the bathroom."
*Why?*
Shuma: "She somehow dodged the question in one way or another."
*Right now there is no way to go back to being human. I understand it's a waste of time to mull it over, but...*
Shuma: "She doesn't like humans..."
*I'm not the only one with problems.*
*She must have many of her own.*
*Still more...*
Mari: "Phew. I feel better. Master, let's go to school."
*She goes to school even though she hates humans.*
*According to her, slipping into human lives is a part of werewolves' instinct. She should be seen by a fortune teller once. It'll serve her right.*
Shuma: "Already that time."
*I walk to my room and get ready for school.*
Mari: "Ah, Master...well, it's difficult to say it..."
Shuma: "What? Usually you talk so straight."
Mari: "You stink like garlic."
Shuma: "......"
*After that, I brush my teeth as hard as I can.*
Shuma: "Alright, I locked the house."
Mari: "Yes. Let's go then Master!"
Shuma: "...So, how about you stop calling me 'master'. At least in public, I want you to call me by name."
Mari: "Why? But here and now Master is my master and I'm a maid."
Shuma: "Now we both are students. And you must consider the public eye in human society."
Mari: "Boo, too much of a pain in the neck. Ah, I have an idea! If you don't like me, please 'control' me and make me listen. Then I will follow your orders."
Shuma: "Seriously, you're not really a maid, are you? You ignore your master's request and tell him to 'control' you."
Mari: "I think 'control' and 'obedience' is the correct form for a master-servant relationship."
Shuma: "That is...I mean, more like mutual trust exists first..."
Mari: "Well, if that's the case, it's impossible all the more. You haven't trusted me..."
Shuma: "That's not..."
*I can't say that's not true...*
Mari: "So then, familiars. Familiars never lie. Vampires are all about making familiars. Let's make many obedient and honest familiars."
*She really wants to push familiars on me.*
Shuma: "I keep telling you I'm not going to suck blood."
*Familiars. The beings whose blood are sucked by vampires and controlled...I guess.*
*Maybe it's like in the movies, a vampire sucks your blood and you become a vampire, too.*
Mari: "On the contrary. You don't necessarily need to suck blood to make familiars."
Shuma: "Huh? How come?"
Mari: "In order to control familiars, all you need to do is transform a person's life force through your own."
Shuma: "...Life force?"
Mari: "Didn't I tell you? It's what causes vampires to become vampires. Sucking blood is simply a method to absorb life force efficiently."
Shuma: "Hey...that sounds really important."
Mari: "Of course! It's not going too far to say that life force is the energy that rules all living things in this world."
*Suddenly the scale grows bigger.*
Mari: "When you become a vampire, the balance between supply and demand of this life force gets extremely unstable. You cannot sustain yourself with just your own. So―"
Shuma: "You need to take it from somewhere else, so you suck blood."
*As I finish her sentence, Mari gives a satisfying nod.*
*Oh, that means...*
Shuma: "If I can manage this life force, I don't need to suck blood, do I?!"
Mari: "That is correct. But for that, you must become a true vampire and get used to handling life force."
Shuma: "That's like putting the cart before the horse."
*According to Mari, my condition is equivalent to uselessly leaking my life force.*
*Various phenomenon, happening around me since I came back home, have been caused by my uncontrolled life force.*
*I'm above humans but below vampires. What a half-finished being.*
*I touch my mother's keepsake.*
*I hardly remember my father. All my memories are of a life with her.*
*Mom never told me my father was a vampire.*
*That is, Mom wanted me to live as a human.*
*But my daily life has been drastically changing.*
*What am I supposed to do?*
*Walking in the shade as much as possible, I finally arrive at school campus.*
*This is a private Christian school, Shinkou Academy.*
*It's a very ordinary school in a provincial city with mid-sized buildings and a few hundred students.*
*Probably because of its characteristics, the school has a chapel on campus.*
*Usually the chapel is not used for any particular religious purposes, but it's a popular place for female students and daydreaming male students.*
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Master!"
Shuma: "A-ah, no nothing. Really nothing."
Sakurako: "Oh, Shuma, Morning!"
*As soon as I enter the classroom, my friend calls out to me.*
Sakurako: "*Slurrrrp*!"
*No wait...I don't have any friends who drink mayonnaise, so she's gotta be a stranger.*
Sakurako: "Hmm? Drink, Shuma?"
*Don't hand me mayonnaise as if I'd want a drink. I don't know what to do with that.*
Shuma: "You, even if that's your character, why don't you pick coffee or milk or something?"
Sakurako: "Shut up. Who do you think conditioned me for this? Ahh, yummy! *Slurp, slurp*."
*I'm gonna leave this idiot alone.*
Mari: "Sakurako-san is in good spirits today, too."
Sakurako: "Yup, and you Mari-chan, you are cute today, too! Like a puppy!"
*"Mayonnaise" briskly pats Mari on the head.*
Mari: "Whoa... Th-thank you very much."
Sakurako: "Are you used to Japan? You must tell me if Shuma tries nasty things with you."
Mari: "Whoaaaa!"
*I told Sakurako that my father's family sent Mari to be my maid as they are worried about me living alone. Well, it's not totally a lie.*
*For this reason, Mari transferred schools and now is in my class. There is no way my classmates won't make a fuss about this.*
*There should be no way...*
Girl A: "...Ah, Shuma is here already."
Girl B: "...Really. Oh no, what am I gonna do...!"
Girl C: "Good Morning. What's up, what happened?"
Girl B: "Eh? Nothing really. Just saying that Shuma-kun is here now."
Girl A: "...I envy Sakurako. She's like, always with Shuma."
Girl B: "*Jolt*!"
Shuma: "Y-yo, everyone. Eh, wanna drink mayonnaise?"
Girl A: "Ah, I dooooo!"
Sakurako: "That's mine!"
*Since I escaped from Racronia, my surroundings have changed like this.*
*Everyone seems to be acting unconditionally agreeable toward me. So Mari has been accepted too, to some extent.*
Sakurako: "You're so popular lately. Before you had no chance of getting a girlfriend."
Shuma: "Shut up."
*I would be happy if I was just simply getting popular among girls, but this may be an influence from an uncontrolled leak of my life force.*
*And leaking life force means I will have a shortage...*
Shuma: "......"
Sakurako: "What? What happened, Shuma? You're putting your face so close to mine."
Shuma: "...Sakurako, I..."
Sakurako: "Eh, what...? Shuma, everybody is looking at us."
Shuma: "Don't I smell like garlic...? I had garlic dishes for breakfast, so I'm self-conscious."
Sakurako: "Confusing! Hmm...you're okay. I don't smell it."
Shuma: "Okay, thanks."
*I thank Sakurako and slowly walk away from her. I'm relieved. It seems that she wasn't particularly suspicious of my behavior.*
Mari: "...What are you hesitating for?"
*Except Mari.*
Shuma: "What are you talking about?!"
Mari: "You almost gave in to the urge."
Shuma: "...If so, I can't suck blood in a place like this."
Mari: "You did admit it. I think Sakurako-san is satisfactory as Master's familiar candidate."
Shuma: "Hey!"
*This is not a subject we can talk about here.*
Mari: "Yes, yes. I know. But, the urge will continue until it's satisfied."
Shuma: "...I know that."
*This urge comes from hunger.*
*And it comes more often as each day passes.*
Male Friend: "Hey, Shuma, can I have a sec?"
*While I am worrying about my future, a friend who is forever on the waiting list in the soccer club talks to me.*
Shuma: "What? Oh, about becoming a team regular? Well...unfortunately my advice is that you should face reality. No wait! How about attacking a current regular under the cover of darkness..."
Male Friend: "What the hell are you talking about? I'll become a regular without your help, ya creep!"
Shuma: "I see. Because of what happened yesterday, I thought you'd be so excited like, 'Hey Shuma, let's play soccer together!' "
Male Friend: "Well, that was a part of it."
Shuma: "It was?"
Male Friend: "But, if I say that, it'll be more difficult to get a regular position. So don't join the club!"
Shuma: "Schemer. Well, I don't mean to join the club, so relax. But that's not what you really want, is it?
Male Friend: "Right. I heard we'll have another transfer student."
Shuma: "Huh? To this class?"
*Just a few days ago, Mari joined the class right?*
Male Friend: "Seems so. According to the guy who overheard it, the new student is from Racronia."
Shuma: "Racronia..."
*Without even thinking, I look at Mari.*
*Mari must have heard it for the first time, too. She looks surprised and shakes her head.*
Male Friend: "From the way you look, you didn't know I guess."
Shuma: "Ah, aah..."
*...I have nothing but terrible feelings about this.*
Calen: "Nice to meet you, everyone."
Calen: "Hehehe, so Japanese schools are like this. There are so many new things to see and the atmosphere is refreshing."
*The girl who stands in front of me is not the blonde I was worried to see, but a white haired girl.*
Mari: "Really, I didn't think Lady Pumila would come out of Racronia so quickly."
Shuma: "Whatever it is, we've avoided the worst."
*But we can't relax yet.*
Calen: "I came from the country called Racronia situated in Eastern Europe. I am a daughter of the Officinalis. My name is Calendula Officinalis."
Sakurako: "Ah, her family sounds rich."
*Racronia. That means she is closely related to vampires.*
*Or more like, if she has nothing to do with vampires, that will be a real surprise.*
Mari: "Officinalis! So, that lady is..."
Calen: "And that gentleman over there... Shuma-sama, the son of the Embroche..."
*The girl who called herself Calendula smiles like an angel as soon as she looks at me...*
Calen: "...is my fiance!"
*...and drops a bomb.*
Girl A: "Eh, eeeeh?! Fianceeeeee?!"
Sakurako: "Wait a minute, what's this?!"
Male Friend: "After Mari-chan and this, you good-for-nothing lucky dog!!"
Shuma: "Just as I expected! Mari-san, Mari-san, will you explain what's going on?!"
Mari: "It's no use asking me that. I'm just a maid."
Calen: "This is my first time to attend this sort of place called school, so I expect there are many things I don't know and might cause trouble for you, but I dearly hope I would get along with you all."
*Ah, she's greeting them so nonchalantly over there.*
Sakurako: "Shuma! I'll allow the defendant to make a statement."
Shuma: "Defendant... Really, I don't know who she is or where she's from."
Girl A: "Re-really, Shuma-kun! What did she mean by fiance?!"
Girl B: "Shuma, are you secretly really rich?!"
Girl C: "*Squeal*, I wanna know! Kusanagi-kun, Kusanagi-kun, what say you?"
*Oh, no. What is this? Seriously tiresome.*
Mari: "Indeed, you're the successor of the family with a long history. Its fortune is declining now, but in time you'll organize armies of familiars in the thousands..."
Shuma: "You'd better be quiet. Hand!"
Mari: "Woof!"
Calen: "Well, well? This is really a noisy class, isn't it? Hehe, it seems to be fun and I am relieved."
Shuma: "Mine is a typical middle class family! And now I'm all by myself, so thinking about having a part-time job!"
Sakurako: "Didn't you hear anything from your mother?"
Shuma: "Of course not. She told me not to forget to water the plants, not to drink unfiltered water, and to be kind to dogs. That's about it."
Mari: "Wonderful! Lady Embroche!!"
Calen: "Hmm, they are supposed to be Shuma-sama's familiars, and yet they seem to be hardly in order. Why is it so?"
Calen: "Oh well. Shuma-sama. Here, Heeeeere!"
*She does things her own way.*
Shuma: "Well..."
Calen: "Hehe. Pleased to meet you, Shuma-sama."
Shuma: "Ah, yes. Hi..."
Calen: "You are Shuma-sama, are you not? A surviving member of the Embroche family."
Shuma: "So I've heard. Now I use the Kusanagi name."
Calen: "Kusanagi?"
Shuma: "Mother...my mother's maiden name."
Calen: "Oh, is that so? Well, it does not matter."
*Does not matter?! Seriously, she has a unique air around her.*
Calen: "In any case, I am glad to be able to meet you. Your presence was weaker than I expected, so I was worried I might not find you."
Sakurako: "Then, what's all this?!"
**Yakety-yak yakety-yak*.*
Shuma: "Out of control."
Mari: "Master, you're going to lead as progenitor in the future. They're just humans, so silence them with an iron hand."
*You say that, but I don't know how.*
Calen: "This is troubling. What is happening right here?"
*It's all because of your talk.*
Calen: "In any case, it would be alright if the classroom was quiet, wouldn't it?"
Shuma: "Eh? Y-yes, it would. I'd do it if I could."
Calen: "Then, I shall do it as my own self-introduction."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*As soon as she says the words, Calendula returns to the front of the teacher's desk. Then...*
Calen: "*Flash*♪"
*After that, as if the stir in the morning had never happened, everything falls quiet and normal...*
*...until lunch break.*
Shuma: "Calendula-san. I'll allow you, the defendant, to make a statement."
Calen: "Well, well? Would you please call me Calen?"
Shuma: "Really? Then just call me Shuma."
Calen: "Yes. I know, Shuma-sama."
*Why? Still 'Shuma-sama'?*
Shuma: "That's not it, well...I mean, about what happened before."
Sakurako: "Huh, why are you so bothered by it, Shuma? Only a fiancee, isn't she?"
*Sakurako mentions it as a matter of course while gobbling down her half mayonnaise and half side dish boxed lunch.*
*This is...certainly...*
Shuma: "Let me confirm just in case... You're a vampire?"
*I ask Calen while trying not to be heard by Sakurako.*
Calen: "Yes, of course♪"
*Her smile is so dazzling.*
*No. Don't be swept away. During morning homeroom, this girl Calen clearly did something.*
*Soon after that, the entire class suddenly became quiet.*
*Not only that, everyone in the class changed their attitude as if they agreed nothing was unusual about Calen being my fiancee.*
*Does this mean she controlled them? Everyone in class within a second? Can real vampires seriously do that kind of thing?*
Shuma: "Calen...you used a special power, didn't you? I'd like you to not use powers like that so much around me."
Calen: "???"
*She tilts her head with a puzzled face. So cute.*
*No, pull yourself together, Shuma.*
Shuma: "You see..."
Calen: "At any rate, I am relieved. I was able to see Shuma-sama safely like this. I was truly surprised when I heard we let Lady Pumila get to you ahead of us."
Shuma: "Eh?"
*My argument is halted from the start by her shining silvery smile.*
Calen: "We didn't expect Lady Pumila to move so fast. My father and family members had been taking measures but fell behind..."
Calen: "Still, I am so glad that we could be of help to you when you came back to Japan."
Mari: "Ah, I see! That's how! I didn't realize it at all, tee-hee!"
*Let me see. So, does it mean Calen's family secretly supported my escape?*
Shuma: "Don't you know anything about me or what I was like back then?!"
Calen: "Huh? Well, whatever happened, why are you speaking in such a loud voice?"
Shuma: "Aah, sorry. To tell you the truth―"
Mari: "I don't know why, but he is worried because he has no memories of that time."
Calen: "Oh, is that so?"
*Calen tilts her head to Mari's words. Maybe she might know something.*
Calen: "Unfortunately, I know nothing."
Shuma: "I see."
*Well, I wasn't expecting much.*
Calen: "Is it correct to assume that you will revive the Embroche family in this land?"
Mari: "As for me, I hoped that he would live in the castle in Racronia. I never expected I would come all this way to the far east."
*Revive? Castle?*
Sakurako: "What, are you talking about? Games? I'm good at building castles. A tower I made went over 10 floors, too!"
Shuma: "You suck!"
**Sob*... From Sakurako's point of view, have I been classified into that type of group?*
Shuma: "Oh, did you finish eating? Sakurako, I'm thirsty. Can you go and buy some tea for me?"
Sakurako: "I want one, too."
*She holds out her palm, so I put enough money for the two of us onto it.*
Sakurako: "I'll be back!"
*For the time being, I send Sakurako away. We can talk more in detail now.*
Calen: "*Staaare*."
Shuma: "Wha-what?"
Calen: "*Staaaaaaaare*."
Calen: "Please wait a minute. Something is wrong. You, are you really Shuma-sama?"
Shuma: "Well, all I can say is...I am me."
*Doubt appears on her face. The softness from a second ago is gone.*
*I saw this kind of face not so long ago. Inside the castle. Iris...this is the face of a vampire.*
Calen: "Your attitude toward Sakurako-san and your manner of speech earlier..."
Calen: "They seem to be all too human."
*Your face is too close, Calen-san.*
Shuma: "...Too human or not, but I was a..."
Mari: "Right, it can't be helped. This one here was a human until recently."
*"This one"?! Hey, this maid just called her master "this one".*
Calen: "Well? What does this mean?"
Mari: "Because of such-and-such a reason, he was awakened as a vampire by that little vampire. Even though it was only halfway.
Calen: "W-what?!"
Calen: "S-so you were human until recently... Then have you not sucked blood?"
Shuma: "Nope."
Calen: "Nope?!"
*She's frank for a lady, isn't she?*
Calen: "Uuuaahhh, I'm in trouble. How shall I explain this to my father...?"
Calen: "Ummmmmm?"
*Calen puts her forefinger on one of her puffed cheeks and thinks hard for some time. Dang, I wanna poke her cheek.*
Calen: "Well, I suppose it would be alright."
Shuma: "Really?!"
Calen: "Shuma-sama, such being the case, please accept me as your fiancee from this day forward!"
Shuma: "Whaaat?!"
*I've got it! People from Racronia are idiots.*
Shuma: "How can I accept you as my fiancee just because you said so?!"
Calen: "Oh, and why not?"
Shuma: "W-well, I mean...before anything, we should know each other well. Otherwise, we, um, what I wanna say is..."
Shuma: "Right!! Calen, naturally you don't want to be a pawn for family troubles, do you?"
Calen: "I don't mind it at all."
Shuma: "Whaaat?!"
Mari: "Master, it's useless to talk sensibly about this using human logic."
Shuma: "Even so. Out of the blue, I'm told I'm going to marry a stranger. How can I just simply agree to this?"
Calen: "I see. From now on, let's spend our time together. You'll be a great progenitor and as your wife, I'll do my best."
Shuma: "But, I've never even dated a girl!"
Mari: "You cherry boy!"
*What's wrong with being a cherry boy?*
Calen: "Oh, wonderful! Actually, I've never dated as well. Let's work hard together."
Shuma: "That is not it!"
Mari: "But, but, Lady Calen, now he is so shabby that you might doubt if this one is really him."
*She called me 'this one'.*
Calen: "Well, for that reason, I'm looking forward to knowing you, Shuma-sama!"
Shuma: "Ha, hahaha...haha..."
*I'm having a hard time suppressing my 'urge'.*
*To make matters worse, now they sent a woman to me. A peaceful life is getting further and further away from me.*
*It seems I'm involved in a much more difficult and troubling situation than I imagined...*
*After school, without the confusion I expected, I'm able to easily leave for home.*
*Knowing this is the effect of Calen's mysterious power, I can't simply be glad.*
Shuma: "Like this, maybe I shouldn't have escaped from Iris."
*If I hadn't, I might not have caused trouble for everyone.*
Mari: "Yes, yes, it was correct to escape. Since His Lordship's passing, the balance among the three clans has been breaking down. So in a worst case scenario, we might have a war between the Pumila and Officinalis families."
Shuma: "Really, I didn't know it was getting that dangerous."
Mari: "Of course! So much so that the influence of each clan's leader, that is, the progenitor is immeasurable."
*Three clans. Three noble families led by progenitors...the vampires who are far above any standards. There is my Embroche family, that blonde twintails' Pumila family, and Calen's Officinalis family.*
*When I heard this the first time, I thought they were simply like aristocrats.*
Shuma: "Don't the three clans get along?"
Mari: "Fundamentally, they seem not to interfere with one another. But I've heard Lady Pumila meddled in the Embroche's business several times in the past."
Shuma: "How about the relationship with Calen's family?"
Mari: "As far as I know, the Embroche family has maintained a reasonable distance from the Officinalis."
Shuma: "The reason they sent Calen to me is..."
Mari: "To contain Lady Pumila."
Shuma: "It must be so."
*A self-proclaimed fiancee burst in on me.*
*I was so ready to be caught by her after school, but Calen left too quickly. Should I feel let down by this or...?*
Shuma: "*Sigh*...let's go shopping."
Mari: "Yes."
*I give up thinking and walk to a supermarket with Mari to restock groceries. They are now consumed twice as fast and I worry if we have enough.*
Mari: "Phew... Really, we bought so much. A store in Japan is very big, full of groceries and so abundant."
Shuma: "Fun just looking around, isn't it?"
Mari: "Yes!"
*In the supermarket, Mari kept looking around curiously and never got bored. And while we were buying this and that, considerable time passed.*
Shuma: "We were shopping for a long time..."
Mari: "You look exhausted. I didn't know you were trying so hard not to attack girls!"
Shuma: "What is this sensation? I feel like a wild monkey! It's time to do something about this."
Mari: "Look, over there. That girl is cute! And there, those two smell like the healthy sweat from their after-school sports club."
*Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls!*
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari: "Hahaha, you are so funnnnny!"
*Miss dog is a maid, but she is more bossy than her master. No doubt she is a Miss Top Dog.*
Shuma: "Good grief...I wasn't always like this."
Mari: "Sakurako-san said so too. You were just an idiot from the start."
*I know it myself, but it's really irritating to actually be called an idiot by idiot Sakurako and this idiot mutt...*
Shuma: "Anyway, let's get back to the subject. We bought so much food that we can live on it for some time. We got soy sauce too, so tonight we will have some Japanese dishes you've been looking forward to..."
Mari: "Oh no! I forgot soy sauce."
*What am I gonna do with this maid...?*
Mari: "Master, let's do Janken (Rock-paper-scissors)!"
Shuma: "What am I gonna do with this maid?!"
Mari: "Rock-paper-scissors!"
*I lost...*
*The reason Calen was sent to me...*
*...is to contain Iris. This is both my and Mari's guess, so it can't be wrong.*
*But I don't understand yet what exactly that means.*
Shuma: "Oh no, it's all dark now."
*The neighborhood is completely enveloped by the darkness of night.*
Shuma: "Why...?"
*Why do I feel so comfortable?*
Shuma: "Ah, is it because the sun is gone...?"
*I hate realizing this.*
*Mom, why didn't you tell me such an important thing?*
*Her keepsake ring I wear as a necklace.*
*I keep this because she told me to always carry it on me, but I wish she would have told me more crucial things.*
Shuma: "Go home now..."
*I shake my head to put distracting thoughts out of my mind and walk through a park amid the night.*
*But on the way...*
**Bump*!*
Shuma: "Whoops! E-excuse me!"
Lycoris/???: "Excuse me to you, too. I wasn't looking in front of me."
Shuma: "Ah, g-girl...are you alright?"
Lycoris/???: "How about you, mister? Are you okay?"
Shuma: "Eh, yes, of cour...se...?"
*The girl is dressed like a cosplayer.*
*For some reason, I'm alone with her on a walkway in this dark and spacious park.*
Lycoris/???: "Hehe."
*...I can't move my body.*
Shuma: "This sensation...like that time...!"
*It's very close to Iris' control...vampire's, those eyes...?!*
Lycoris/???: "Oh, I got him under the spell so easily. He is much weaker than I heard. I was told you had succeeded in escaping from Master Pumila."
Lycoris/???: "But, whatever. Anyway, I got him successfully like this. Well then mister, let's go back..."
Lycoris/???: "...to Master Pumila!"
Shuma: "You are a tracker...?!"
*Damn, can't be...!*
*But even so. Even so this girl is...*
Shuma: "Cute."
Lycoris/???: "Oh?"
Shuma: "You're so cuuuuuuute."
Lycoris/???: "Pervert?!"
*What?!*
Shuma: "N-no!! Ah, my body moves by itself."
Lycoris/???: "Oh no, he's resisting me. Well this might not go so easily after all."
Shuma: "Damn! I didn't think that twintails would send someone after me...!"
*I jump away and maintain a distance. If I stay close, I don't know what I'm going to...no, I don't know what SHE is going to do to me.*
Shuma: "D-don't come close..."
Lycoris/???: "Dear me, what are you gonna do if I come close?"
Shuma: "If you come close..."
Shuma: "...I-I'll attack you! Me, as I am now!"
Lycoris/???: "Super perv?!"
*I can't help it. It's so hard to resist this "urge"!*
Lycoris/???: "Well, I don't mind. If you can attack me, then attack. But before that..."
Lycoris/???: "I'm gonna attack you, I say!"
*...What?!*
Shuma: "Ah!."
*My view is switched from the park to the night sky.*
*Then it gradually turns to an edge of starry sky, a tree top runs across it, next stone pavement appears. Then...*
Shuma: "Argh...?!"
*When I finally hit the ground, I realize she did something to me.*
*And I feel pain in my entire body.*
Lycoris/???: "Oh my, you can't stand up any more? Embroche vampires are not much it seems."
Lycoris/???: "If this is the case, I didn't need to create more familiars. My job is done. It was so easy, and Master will surely be disappointed."
Shuma: "Ugh! *Cough cough*...!"
Lycoris/???: "Then, let's go to Master Pumila's... Hmm?"
*W-what? Suddenly the girl looks puzzled... My chest is shining?*
Lycoris/???: "Oh, this is what I've heard..."
*My senses are fading... This is the same feeling I had when Iris attacked me.*
*I can't lose consciousness. I don't know what she's going...no, I don't know what I am going to do.*
*I grind my teeth and try to withstand it.*
Lycoris/???: "But I don't feel as much life force as I expected. Huh? Is it so?"
*What? What is she talking about?*
*I'm getting weak. If this continues...*
Lycoris/???: "It is what it is. This was a good opportunity, but I'll flee for now."
*What does she mean...?*
Lycoris/???: "See you...Kusanagi Shuma-san!"
*The girl whispers in my ear and disappears into the darkness of the night.*
*I find the light on my chest is gone now. I lay spread-eagle on the park ground.*
Shuma: "Ugh."
Aoi/???: "......"
*Immediately after, another cosplay girl appears. No way! This girl is also...?*
*I try to get up but cannot pull my strength together. I remain on the ground and look up at the raven-haired girl.*
Aoi/???: "I thought I felt the sign. Already fled?"
Aoi/???: "Hey, you. Are you okay?"
Shuma: "Eh, ah...yes. Probably."
Aoi/???: "I see. If you're conscious, it'll be okay. Alright then."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi/???: "Make sure to go to the hospital!"
*................*
*W-what was all that? The girl before and now this girl...*
Mari: "Ah! Ma-Master!"
*Shuma: "Mari..."*
Mari: "Are you alright, Master?! You were late so I came looking for you. What happened...?"
Shuma: "Y-yeah...I'm okay. Let's go home. I'll explain on the way."
Mari: "H-hold onto me, here."
Shuma: "Thanks... I'll rest a bit more, so I can walk by myself."
Mari: "...Attacked?"
Shuma: "Yeah. She said Master Pumila, so it's no mistake that she was sent by her."
Mari: "...Hmm. We must deal with it, mustn't we?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Calen came here. So naturally someone else would come from Iris' side... I didn't think it through enough."
Mari: "What will we do? Well, whatever we may say, there's only one thing we can do, but for that, hmmmm..."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Master?"
Shuma: "Mari, you smell nice..."
Mari: "You're fine. Nothing wrong with you!"
*Really...this is like what they call "attracting a lot of customers".*
*This "urge" seems like it will be out of control soon.*
*I've gotta do something...anything...*
Shuma: "Haa...haa...haa..."
*It's so hard to walk. My whole body is hot. It hurts to breathe.*
*And I don't have the strength... Feel so low in...energy.*
*It's close to a cold symptom...but I'm sure just taking meds won't fix it.*
*Carrying a bottle of soy sauce, I feel totally exhausted and somehow walk back home. Damn, this is heavy...*
Mari: "Please wait for a while. I'm going to fill up the tub now. Relax and rest on the sofa first, please."
*Ah, Mari's soft voice is most healing.*
*Such a cute voice Mari has.*
Shuma: "Sofa, sofa..."
*On a table, a light meal is placed already. What a thoughtful and good girl Mari is.*
*She is considerate, cute, frank, and smells nice. She's a doggy and a maid, too.*
*To her neck... Oh, no! Again I...*
Lotus/???: "I didn't expect he would bear it this far. This must be thanks to her education."
Lotus/???: "But circumstances have changed. I wish I didn't need to do this, but I have to."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Heave-ho, heave-ho..."
*The washing machine is running but I don't notice, and I don't care.*
*All I desire is one thing. One person.*
*I open the bathroom door...and enter.*
*Inside, I find Mari cheerfully cleaning the tub.*
Mari: "Cleaning, cleaning, such fun, such fun♪ Truth is, it's not fun at all, but I say fun♪ Bow-wow!"
Mari: "*Sigh*... Master got so exhausted. Does he really have progenitor's blood inside him? Shame on him."
Shuma: "...Mari."
*My mouth moves by itself.*
Shuma: "Maritima."
*I call Mari's full first name in a gentle voice that surprises me.*
Mari: "Eh, Master?! Why are you here? You must rest..."
*Mari notices me and turns back.*
*Mari's healthy nape is twisted and flesh gets wrinkled.*
*Supple, healthy skin. A glimpse of a trace of the day's sweat.*
*Freshness...*
Shuma: "Come now, Maritima."
*Everything is truly automatic.*
*No, is this really reality? I feel like I'm watching pictures through a screen and it's like having a dream.*
Shuma: "Come to think of it, it is the first time to have Maritima's blood. You were her favorite so I did not touch you."
Mari: "Eh? Eh? Weeee?!"
*My arms embrace Mari's slender body.*
*As I lower down my face slightly, I see her soft skin.*
Lotus/???: "I'm done setting the stage. Now, Shuma."
*I feel I've heard something.*
*But, it doesn't matter. I run my lips along Mari's nape as if I were drawn to it...*
*...and bite it.*
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
*Taste of blood oozes into my mouth.*
*Taste of iron.*
*Delicious.*
*Yum.*
Mari: "Master, why did you...bite...so s-sudden...?!"
*Wolf ears and tail have jumped out of Mari.*
*She said to me that they come out when she's surprised.*
Mari: "N-no, noooo...! Don't s-slurp. Y-Your way of sucking is kind of d-dirty..."
Mari: "Ah...haah...ah...aaaahhh..."
*Gradually Mari becomes weak. Strength is leaving her.*
*Instead, I'm getting filled with energy.*
*I'm sucking...not only blood but also something totally different. This must be life force.*
*I feel it quickly calming my "urge".*
*It's like a meal. No, it is a meal.*
*Right now, I am eating Mari.*
Mari: "Hah...mmm, ah, aah...haah, ah...!"
*Mari's face is ecstatic.*
*My knowledge is limited to fiction, but I rarely see a woman bitten by a vampire suffering from pain. So it means...*
Mari: "V-vampire bites...have that kind of effect..."
Mari: "More than the giving and taking of blood...by gnawing into life force, you take control..."
*A bathroom mirror comes into my eyes.*
*I see my face is reflected on it.*
*My face biting Mari's neck, that is...*
Shuma: "...?!"
*When I see it, I turn white!*
Shuma: "*Gasp*?! W-why I'm..."
Mari: "Haa, haa... It's natural for vampires to suck blood... Master, you are a vampire at last..."
Shuma: "Whoa, teeth?! Are these fangs, like pointy?! Oh, it tastes like iron in my mouth!"
*When I come back to my senses, I'm upset at my change. No matter how you look at it, I'm not human.*
Mari: "M-mmm...! No, I feel numb and weak... If you bite me like that, I, I can't..."
Shuma: "Ah, h-hey, Mari?!"
*Did I suck too much blood? Is she becoming anemic?*
*Far from looking pale without enough blood, Mari remains ecstatic with her cheeks flushed and her whole body trembling.*
Mari: "Oh, no... I d-didn't know this... I didn't know this happens when you are bitten...!"
Mari: "But, no...I lost my strength... It was so s-sudden...!"
Mari: "I-I'm gonna pee...!"
*Pee?!*
Shuma: "Mari, wait, let's go to the toilet..."
Mari: "No way. I can't hold it anymore."
*She said, "No way".*
Shuma: "Well, we're in the bathroom...probably okay?"
Mari: "Ah."
Shuma: "What?"
Mari: "Panties..."
Shuma: "Panties?"
Mari: "I can't take them off."
*........................*
Shuma: "Yes?"
Mari: "See, if I try to take them off...I'm gonna pee..."
Shuma: "Wha-what are you gonna do?!"
Mari: "This is the timing for a last ditch effort! Master, remove my panties, please!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari: "Please do it now! Like this, I'm going to pee with my panties on. I've just finished doing laundry."
Shuma: "You worry more about laundry than being seen by me."
*Trying my best not to look at anything, I stretch my hands to Mari's butt.*
Mari: "No, no, Master's hands move so dirty. When he takes my panties off and I pee here, he will see me... see everything...!"
Mari: "But I can't hold it any...more...! I can't move my body, either...!"
Shuma: "H-hey. Too late to be shy now. And don't move. I can't remove them."
Mari: "Eep?! You grab my butt like that...ah, ah, ah..."
*It must not be good to grab her firmly, trying to hold down a squirming Mari.*
Mari: "Aaaahhh, coming, coming, coming out coming out, coming out nowwww!"
**Splash*...!*
Mari: "Whoa, wa-waaah...!"
*Mari pees with her panties still on.*
Shuma: "............"
Mari: "Haah, aaahh...pee, peeeee, coming, coming out..."
*It is simply impossible to stop mindlessly flowing pee with a thin cloth.*
*Stream with reduced force runs along her thighs like water trickling from rocks and flows onto the washing area of the bathroom.*
Mari: "All, c-came out...pee, with panties on..."
Shuma: "We couldn't make it."
Mari: "Ah-ahwoooooo."
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "S-sorry, Mari. I..."
Mari: "No. It's alright. I was worried because you didn't bite human girls for quite some time."
Shuma: "Ah...well..."
*I'm trying my best to hold down this urge...urge to suck blood.*
Mari: "For vampires, life force is very important, so I was excited...no, was nervous that you might attack just any human from starvation."
Shuma: "Hey!"
Mari: "But, human life force is more compatible to vampires than mine, werewolves', and said to be more tasty."
Shuma: "Is that so?"
*Mari's blood was delicious enough, but human blood is more than that?*
Shuma: "*Gulp*."
Mari: "Oh, interested?"
Shuma: "N-no way."
Mari: "Let's keep it that way. But how are you? You refilled your life force so you must feel energetic."
Shuma: "When I think about it...I'm not tired and I'm in better shape."
*I can't believe I was exhausted just minutes ago.*
Shuma: "So then, I didn't feel good because I needed life force..."
*Finally I sucked blood.*
*I might not be able to go back to being human anymore.*
Mari: "Finally Master is a full-fledged vampire. Congratulations!"
Shuma: "Still, I can't just be happy."
Mari: "But as a vampire, you've got more to do. Right now, you can still be defeated by familiars."
Shuma: "True, I don't feel I've changed much. Just I feel better."
Mari: "Hmm. Because it was my blood or you are far short on life force... Either way, all you need to do is one thing."
*I have a bad feeling about this.*
Mari: "The more girls you attack and the more girls wait on you, the stronger you'll become! Wow such a timeserving principle."
Shuma: "I don't need a harem! Comforting, pure love is enough!"
Mari: "That's impossible for vampires."
Shuma: "I am human!"
Mari: "It's too late. You sucked my blood and made me pee."
*It's true so I can't talk back.*
Mari: "Do you understand your current situation? If you are attacked by the tracker, you will be beaten again. For some reason, she let you go last time."
Shuma: "That's right... Why did the cosplay girl leave me when I couldn't move?"
Mari: "Well, don't you remember anything that made her do that?"
Shuma: "When I think of it, I was surround by the light again."
Mari: "Light, you mean, the one in Lady Pumila's Castle?"
Shuma: "Yeah. But this time, I tried not to have my consciousness taken away, so nothing really happened..."
Mari: "Aww, such a waste. If Master became THAT Master back at that time, things wouldn't be complicated like this. Won't the light shine again?"
Shuma: "Hey!"
*You're not needed. I feel she said so. Anger gets mixed in my voice.*
Mari: "D-don't get angry. I'm just kidding."
Shuma: "Good grief."
Mari: "But, if so, I really don't know what is what."
Shuma: "...Right."
*Even if it's against one's will, I need real power to protect myself against any possible danger.*
*For that I suck blood and awaken myself to be a vampire. That is best.*
*I understand it as a reason...*
Mari: "Well, leaving that aside, it makes me very happy to see you awakening as a vampire!"
Mari: "For His Lordship, I have a duty to help my master awaken as a respectable progenitor."
Shuma: "O-okay."
Mari: "Attack many women and suck their blood! Become an outstanding vampire!"
Shuma: "I am human!!"
*Contrary to me, Mari is quite cheerful and brave.*
*And here is one more.*
Shuma: "Huh?"
Calen: "......"
Mari: "Oh?"
Calen: "Shuma-sama! Mari-san!!"
*Waaaah. I'm so surprised.*
Shuma: "How long have you been here?!"
Calen: "Almost from the beginning."
*True. I think I saw her from the corner of my eye some time ago.*
Calen: "I was nervous wondering when I would be noticed, but you never did. How awful!!"
Shuma: "Well I thought it was the game scriptwriter's mistake."
Mari: "Yes, I'm sorry."
Calen: "What are you talking about? By the way, what have you being doing in a place like this with the two of you alone?"
Mari: "Ah, he was sucking my blood. That was dinner, kind of."
Calen: "Well, I see. But in a place like this?"
*Thank god. Like this, she mustn't have seen Mari peeing. Good.*
Shuma: "W-well, Mari was cleaning the tub and...I couldn't stop my urge to suck blood, so I ended up doing it here."
Shuma: "It may be so, but why! Why are you here, too?!"
Calen: "Well, I'm your fiancee. As the two people who promised each other the future, it is proper to live together."
Shuma: "――――"
Mari: "Hooray, Master's got a lawful wife! After this, suck as much blood as possible and keep your favorite mistresses! Yay, harem, successful man!"
Calen: "I'm looking forward to living with you, Shuma-sama!"
Mari: "From now on, suck more and more blood and become an honorable vampire successor! Yes, yes!"
Shuma: "Everything's moving too fast!!!"
====================E-KYO01_02.TXT====================
Shuma: "Morning..."
*Morning sunlight piercing through a gap in the curtains burns my eyes. I slowly wake up and get out of bed.*
*I walk up to the windows and open the curtains. I see a cloudless, blue sky.*
Shuma: "Mmm, nice day today, too."
*But I wonder why, somehow, I'm feeling bad. Is it because I'm a vampire? Hahaha.*
Shuma: "Recently I don't feel refreshed when I wake up in the morning."
Mari: "I've never heard of vampires who like morning sunbathing. Shall we do morning radio exercise, then?"
*I'm used to having a maid. That's okay, that's okay but...*
Calen: "Yawwwwwn. I'm sleepy."
*The problem is this girl.*
Calen: "Still, this is such a small house. The sofa is hard, the sunlight pours into the rooms and it's blinding. I can't stand it."
Calen: "Oh, Mari-san, can I have another cup of tea?"
Mari: "The kettle is over there so please serve it yourself."
Calen: "Alright. Well, is this it? Use this and something called a 'tea bag', then, *ouch* hot."
Calen: "Delicious!"
*The girl in question is having tea leisurely in the living room.*
Shuma: "Easily pleased."
Calen: "Well, Shuma-sama, very good morning. And good night. *Zzzzz*."
*From early morning, she moves perfectly at her own pace.*
*A night has passed since Calen came to my home.*
*Last night was really busy.*
Mari: "To begin with, there was no place to sleep."
Shuma: "And you refused to sleep because it was night."
Mari: "*Sigh*... I was told a container of the minimum necessities sent from the Officinalis would arrive today."
Shuma: "You came from straight out of the blue so it was hard, lady."
Calen: "I checked out of the hotel. And this plan was supposedly relayed to Mari-san ahead of time."
Mari: "Ah, I forgot about it. Master, Master, Lady Calen says she wants to live with you. What do you think, what do you think? Bow-wow!"
*Damn you... I'm gonna grab the base of your tail.*
Mari: "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"
Shuma: "You've remembered it a little too late! What's the good of you telling me now, you fool?!"
Calen: "Ah, Shuma-sama, instead of playing with the maid, would you please pay attention to me?! Not the maid, but ME!"
Mari: "Anyway, that is the current situation, and it seems Lady Calen has nowhere else to go, so how about letting her stay here? Ah, ah!"
Shuma: "I guess there's no other way."
Calen: "W-well, if I would cause you trouble, I would not insist."
Shuma: "But I let you stay overnight...and you don't have any other place to go, do you?"
*She is a vampire.*
Mari: "Good for you, Master. Your family will grow."
*Hey stop that.*
Shuma: "You're fired, useless maid."
Mari: "Oh meow?!"
*Getting off course, dog.*
Shuma: "Alright! Well, we're going to school today, too."
Mari: "By the way, do you remember exactly what I told you? Are you okay with it? Do you understand it?"
Shuma: "Okay, okay, I know it."
Mari: "Ugh, he's definitely not understanding... You see, Master! What we have to do is...!"
Shuma: "You mean I have to suck blood and get used to handling life force and awaken more as a vampire. I know that."
*I realize my body has already been transformed by sucking blood the first time.*
*No longer will I be able to lead a normal life without regularly taking in blood...or life force, rather.*
*Also, I can't forget about the tracker. It is necessary to acquire the abilities to be able to defend myself.*
*I don't want to repeat last night's disgrace.*
Shuma: "Why was I turned into a vampire?"
Mari: "Why do you say that all of a sudden?"
Shuma: "Because I lived as a human with no problems until this happened. But I was kidnapped out of the blue and told I was the son of a vampire..."
Mari: "It's...to revive the Embroche family that has collapsed."
Shuma: "For Mari, it is true, but does Iris think so too?"
Mari: "For Lady Pumila...I'm not sure. Probably something like an obsession with the Embroche family."
Shuma: "You just winged it, didn't you?"
Mari: "Anyhow! I expect Master will be the new progenitor and will increase familiars, as many as possible."
Mari: "For that, from today, let's devour and suck down blood and rapidly become a vampire!"
Shuma: "But I refuse."
Mari: "How do you feel?"
Shuma: "Excellent...Mari's blood was tasty..."
Mari: "Good grief. Where has last night's assertive master gone? You were a little like His Lordship and I thought you had his blood after all."
Shuma: "......"
*Was I really myself at that time?*
*Also, I think I heard someone's voice...*
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "Calen? What's wrong?"
Calen: "Nothing particularly."
Shuma: "Come to think of it, I sucked your blood, so did you become my familiar?"
Mari: "Oh, no. Just sucking blood doesn't make anyone your familiar. Didn't I tell you, you cannot create a familiar until you send your life force into your target and take control?"
Shuma: "Now that you mention it, I kind of remember that."
Mari: "Once you get used to handling life force, you can easily take control while sucking blood, but Master is useless right now."
Shuma: "Shut up. But now that I know even if I suck blood, I won't create familiars, I feel better."
Mari: "What are you saying? We were just talking about increasing familiars as much as possible!!"
*I deal with Mari appropriately. She then screams at me for not really listening to her story after all.*
*I start to have a headache when I see the situation in which I am placed.*
*I still see myself as human. No, more like I can't believe I actually became a vampire.*
*I can't imagine myself going on a blood-sucking spree as Mari says. But when I truly become a vampire...is that me really me? Am I transformed into something else?*
*The fear swirls around in my head.*
Calen: "......"
Calen: "*Sigh*..."
Shuma: "Okay, do you have everything?"
Mari: "Perfect."
Calen: "I'm fine. Shall we go?"
Shuma: "Alright."
*................*
*Come to think of it, what is this situation?*
Shuma: "Really, thinking about it, I don't know why two girls are living in my house..."
Mari: "It's too late to say it. But it would be by all means no surprise, if you had more girls living with you. Right, Lady Calen?"
Calen: "That is true. Shuma-sama is the only descendant of the Embroche family. Considering that, it is unthinkable that you have only one servant."
Calen: "If you like, shall I accommodate you with a few servants from the Officinalis?"
Shuma: "No need. I've already reached my capacity now."
*Physically and mentally.*
Calen: "If you say so, it can't be helped. But please know that your existence has that much importance, Shuma-sama."
Calen: "It is said that when news broke of the Embroche family's collapse, an indescribable shock ran through vampires everywhere."
Calen: "My father says that if things had gone wrong, a war would have erupted between Lady Pumila and the Officinalis."
Shuma: "So that was true."
*I glance at Mari.*
Mari: "Didn't you believe me? The reason the two families avoided crushing each other was because of Master's existence. Being the person concerned, you must be more aware of yourself.
*I pet the head of an angry Mari and calm her down.*
Calen: "Originally, we were supposed to kidnap...well, secure...or rather, contact you before Lady Pumila, but we fell behind."
Shuma: "I can't believe kidnapping is the standard."
Calen: "We are vampires."
Shuma: "Right."
*I slip up and agree with her.*
Shuma: "But still..."
Calen: "The existence of the progenitors is that important. If this was about one of the familiars, no one would be interested, but this current matter is so important that it could shake up vampire society."
Shuma: "Yikes. The more I know about it, the less I want to be involved."
Mari: "Please feel assured. You've been completely and fully involved."
*How dare she have a glowing smile on her face...*
Calen: "Please consider it as good faith that I came here without servants."
*Come to think of it, she is a...lady.*
*She is the daughter of a respectable family called Officinalis...and was sent alone to Japan which is a completely different world for a Racronian vampire.*
Calen: "Is something the matter?"
Shuma: "Nothing, really."
*Maybe I should look after her a little, while she's in Japan.*
Mari: "You're distracted. Master, you really don't understand how important the matter is."
Shuma: "That's not..."
Mari: "No, you don't. If you did, you would not be able to be laid-back like this."
Calen: "*Sigh*... Now I've spent a whole day with you, Shuma-sama..."
Calen: "I can hardly believe that you are not only a vampire, but also the one to be a new progenitor."
Shuma: "I can't believe it either."
Calen: "......"
*Here comes unconformable silence.*
Shuma: "Ah, will you stop calling me 'Shuma-sama'?"
Calen: "Why is that? Shuma-sama, you are the..."
Shuma: "Don't worry about that. It's just embarrassing."
Calen: "Hum, if you would order me, Shuma-sama."
Shuma: "Please."
Calen: "Well, then...I agree on Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Ok, thanks."
Calen: "*Sigh*... Somehow, he is not right."
*I don't want to be a vampire. Mari and Calen want me to awaken as a true vampire.*
*I knew our wishes were different but considering we will keep living together, I can't help sighing over the days to come.*
*I'm not wrong...I can't be.*
*This is the second day in school for Calen. It's amazing to see how quickly she is feeling at home.*
*Probably she used that power.*
Sakurako: "In the first place, by fiancee, what do you mean?"
Calen: "Well. A long time go, my father made a promise with Lord Embroche..."
Calen: "...that if he had a son, one of the Officinalis daughters should be married to him. Well, see? Fifty years ago, or rather 100 years ago, I wonder?"
Mari: "I wonder if vampires are generally not smart."
*Don't look at me.*
Shuma: "But like, Calen, what is 100 years ago? We shouldn't talk like that in front of people."
Calen: "Oh, and why not?"
Shuma: "In this country, there are no vampires. You shouldn't say unnecessary things that might make them suspicious."
Calen: "Good gracious, such a bother."
**Flash*!*
Sakurako: "Hmm, promise from twenty years ago. So you're meeting Shuma for the first time."
Shuma: "Real quick, Sakurako. Hey, Calen, what did you do just now?!"
Calen: "Oh my, hehehe♪"
*This girl is scary after all.*
Sakurako: "Considering you just met Shuma for the first time, you can talk with him pretty normally."
Calen: "I'm not good at thinking about detailed things."
Mari: "I wonder if all vampires are stupid after all."
Calen: "Well, well. Do you wish to be cut in half by the snap of my fingers?"
Mari: "How wonderful Calendula-sama is!"
*Snap of her fingers?!*
Sakurako: "But so many weird things happened recently like, a random attacker and cosplay girl. And close to me, two transfer students from a small country I never heard of before called Racronia."
*Cosplay?!*
Calen: "Oh dear, I've never thought Racronia would be called small by someone living on this remote island. Hehehe."
Shuma: "It's a good time to say it as it is. A country located among Eastern European mountains, with little relationship to other countries. Racronia is almost completely isolated not of its own accord..."
Shuma: "...but due to it's having an almost non-existent economy, it was left alone during the cold war..."
Shuma: "...GDP is roughly 0% over these last fifty years, free from recession but far from growth. That's Racronia."
Calen: "Seriously?!"
*She said "Seriously".*
Mari: "Surprise, Master knows a lot."
Calen: "Other countries have nothing to do with us Racronians."
Sakurako: "She's a country bumpkin!"
Calen: "Please don't pay attention to these small details!"
*Ah, she is very upset.*
Shuma: "Enough of that. Sakurako, tell me more about the cosplay girl."
Sakurako: "Ehhhh?!"
Calen: "No, it's not enough!"
Shuma: "Don't care about the small details!"
Calen: "*Grr-grr-grr-grr*."
Sakurako: "I never imagined you'd be so interested in cosplay. How about joining in the next festival?"
*What the hell is she talking about?!*
Shuma: "Not that... You said something like...a random attacker?"
Sakurako: "Oh...the story goes...many people were suddenly attacked by something but they didn't have visible injuries, only felt a little lethargic and so far they got better by sleeping afterward."
Shuma: "What's that? No one saw the attacker?"
Sakurako: "No. They kind of remember being attacked, but nothing more. And the victims are always young women."
*That means...*
Sakurako: "Just a rumor. But the girl in our class who is absent today was saying the same kind of thing, so everyone is talking about how she may be a victim."
Shuma: "What is the relationship to the cosplay girl?"
Sakurako: "I don't know. Just around the places where victims were found, she was sometimes seen."
Shuma: "......"
*This is too convenient to be a coincidence.*
Calen: "*Staaaaaaare*."
Shuma: "Why are you looking at me, country bumpkin?"
Calen: "I'm not a country bumpkin! I am not!"
*She talks back.*
Mari: "What?! You've been doing what you need to do. Why don't you say so for crying out loud."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Mari: "And, and? How many did you suck? Do you have a favorite girl? What was her reaction?!"
Shuma: "It's not me! Calen, don't you look at me, too!"
Calen: "You have a previous offense."
Mari: "Yes, yes, a previous offense."
*It's tough being a man.*
Shuma: "Anyway, you two, don't talk about that kind of thing in front of Sakurako!"
Shuma: "Phew... We can discuss it right here."
Calen: "Ugh, why do they have such an evil place in this school...?"
Shuma: "In general public, 'evil' means you and me."
*We are in the chapel.*
*In here, there are few students during break time, so we won't attract attention...*
*...as long as we keep quiet.*
Calen: "Then? Is the random attacker really not you, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "I've never sucked blood until I sucked Mari's last night. But I do have an idea about the attacker."
Mari: "You were attacked."
Shuma: "There's no mistake that Iris Pumila is involved."
Calen: "Lady Pumila? I have not heard anything about it."
Mari: "Well, for some amount of time, before Calen-sama came to the house, he was worn out and lay flat in the park."
Calen: "Oh, dear."
*I leave the two alone and start to remember what happened yesterday.*
*The attacker was a girl with bright red hair. Her devilish costume was impressive.*
*She said "Master Pumila" so she must be connected to her.*
Shuma: "By any chance, isn't she Iris' daughter?"
Mari: "No, Lady Pumila has no blood relatives."
Shuma: "Is that so?"
Calen: "Lady Iris Pumila is the sole member of the Pumila family. She is the embodiment of aloofness and has thrived over a long period of time."
Shuma: "Something like over two thousand years old?"
Calen: "You already know it. The current head of the Officinalis family is the third. As for the Embroche family..."
Mari: "His Lordship was the eighth and Master will be the ninth, if you can be a progenitor."
Shuma: "Huh? They are really uneven."
Calen: "That is true. You may say it is because of the difference of each family's principles or traditions, but that account is not relevant right now. The issue is Lady Pumila is the first head of the family and has never had a successor."
Calen: "The power of a progenitor must be transferred to the next generation in order to change the head of the family. Still, however perfectly rituals are performed, it is impossible to accomplish 100% succession."
Mari: "In Master's case, succession itself wasn't done at all. No wonder you became useless."
Shuma: "Let's ignore Mari. So Iris Pumila has..."
Calen: "Yes. Lady Pumila has maintained extremely strong power even to the present day. This power once allowed her to start a war all by herself."
Mari: "Ah, I heard there was a clash of opinions between her and the first head of the Embroche. It was about the vampires' relationship to humans."
Calen: "While Lady Pumila was for control, Lord Embroche stood for co-existence. They fought for over 100 years."
Mari: "As for me, I think humans should be controlled. How disappointing."
*Co-existence of vampires and humans...if that had been realized, I wouldn't need to be worried.*
Shuma: "What became of the war? Well, I can guess from what it is now."
Calen: "Yes. It ended up undecided after all. As a result, various problems were left unresolved."
Shuma: "Problems?"
Calen: "One is that the first Lord Embroche vanished. It is said to be the reason why the war ended. Another one is..."
Mari: "...Oh?"
Shuma: "Huh? What's up, Mari?"
*While I'm listening to Calen, Mari's mood quickly changes.*
Mari: "I smell something foul."
Calen: "Foul smell, is it?"
*Mari's eyes are different from her usual mischievous ones and show clear displeasure.*
*She isn't joking. She is serious.*
Mari: "*Mrrr*, nervous..."
Mari: "*Grrrrrrrr*!"
*Is she on guard? She just looks cute.*
Mari: "Don't be soft! Something's coming! Dangerous one! Troubling smell!"
Shuma: "But we're at school, so hide your ears and tail."
Mari: "Oh, shoot."
Calen: "Ah, I see why Mari-san is on guard. Here comes a really troubling one."
Shuma: "Eh, Eh, Eh?"
*I have no idea what's going on. These guys are amazing.*
*And here comes...*
Shuma: "Oh...?"
Aoi/???: "Hey, hello."
*A girl comes in.*
*This girl is...*
Aoi/???: "How are you? Did you go to the hospital? Or did you get better by sucking blood?"
Shuma: "Ah, just as I thought. You're from yesterday!"
Calen: "Yesterday?"
Mari: "Ah, is this the girl you were talking about?"
Shuma: "No, I met another cosplay girl besides the one Iris sent. I all but forgot about her until now."
Aoi/???: "No, sorry. Yesterday, I thought you were an ordinary person. Well, it's natural to have mistaken you for a victim as you were so weak."
*................*
*Wait a minute. What is this girl talking about?*
*And...she just said, "Did you get better by sucking blood?"*
Mari: "Master, that one! Dangerous smell!"
Aoi/???: "Hello, I'm a vampire hunter."
Aoi/???: "Now it's time to hunt!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Aoi/???: "Waaahhh!!"
*With a shout, the girl attacks me.*
*Attacking me?! Why?!*
Aoi/???: "Shoot, I missed."
*The girl says it coolly...and in her hands...*
*Daggers? She grips a short blade in each hand.*
*I feel a trickle of blood running down my cheek. Pain starts at the same time.*
Shuma: "W-wait wait. What the hell?!"
Aoi/???: "It's my job, so be a good boy and get hunted!"
Shuma: "W-wait, I said, w-whoa?!"
*Her two daggers make dangerous sounds as she lunges at me! I step back so quickly that I almost fall on my butt.*
Shuma: "It hurts. My cheek was cut again!"
Mari: "Ma-Master!"
Aoi/???: "Tsk, almost."
Mari: "Master, I'll help you now... *Grrrr!*."
*Mari*
**Roar*!!*
Aoi/???: "You're in my way."
Mari: "Yipe, yipe, yipe."
*Weak.*
Shuma: "Mari! How dare you...!"
Shuma: "She is stupid, rude, sloppy at housework, sometimes talks too casually to her own master. Yes she is a helpless maid, but how dare you!"
Shuma: "No, well who cares, she's a useless maid."
Mari: "Master?!"
Male A: "Hey, what's that? Fight?"
Girl A: "Eh, but she's pulling a knife, I mean knives. Like...like the ones in anime!"
*Shoot. People are gathering because of the noise.*
Shuma: "What the hell is this? I've done nothing!"
Aoi/???: "Look who's talking! These recent frequent random attacks are your work, aren't they?! Vampire!"
*Does she know of the existence of vampires?*
Shuma: "Damn, some weapon...but she is a student of this school...!"
Mari: "You scum! Attack her, Master! Bite her and suck her blood! Close quarters combat, C Q C!"
*I can try to grab her, but she moves too fast...*
Aoi/???: "I'm used to it. I won't make a stupid mistake of getting bitten. There!"
Shuma: "Shoot..."
*The continuous attacks of those two daggers are dangerous. I barely avoid them now, but I don't know how long I can continue this...*
Shuma: "Enough! Who the hell are you and why are you doing this?!"
Aoi/???: "You want me to introduce myself? I have no names to tell vampires, but I'll let you know before you go to hell."
Aoi: "Nice to meet you, vampire. I'm an agent sent from the Holy See."
Aoi: "Aoi Kamishiro!"
Shuma: "Waagh, that was close. Don't attack me while introducing yourself!"
Aoi: "The thought came to me, now is the time to kill!"
Shuma: "Killing a person is a crime!"
Aoi: "Sorry! A vampire is not a person! Hey hey hey!!"
*Damn, so far I can avoid her daggers as my instantaneous power has been enhanced. But I don't know any defensive techniques, so before I make my next move, I can't help but slow down.*
*As a result...*
Aoi: "Got it!!"
*Forced to take an unnatural pose, I can't avoid her attacks!!*
Calen: "Oh my, you are having fun♪"
Aoi: "Tsk."
*In the nick of time, the attacker seems to remember Calen and maintains her distance.*
*I-it was so close...*
Aoi: "You, there! I'll hunt you, too. Get ready!"
Calen: "Oh, is that so? Please do."
Shuma: "I-idiot! You're defenseless...?!"
*The girl holds her daggers at the ready. Calen stands relaxed in front of her.*
*Aoi rushes in!*
Aoi: "...Ugh?!"
Calen: "Oh dear, what happened? You are supposed to kill me, are you not?"
Aoi: "Y-you... I got careless...!"
Calen: "You, human. You should not get too carried away. Hehehe."
*Calen's eyes are shining, which are clearly noticeable under the sun.*
*...Vampire.*
Aoi: "She might be the youngest child, but she's still a direct descendant of the Officinalis."
Aoi: "I haven't heard this. It's hard enough serving under an irresponsible God, but for heaven's sake...shoot!"
Calen: "Now, secure her. This is the work for a gentleman and maid."
Calen: "We have only a few minutes left. This girl has surprisingly great strength of character."
*I saw Calen as a silly, airheaded girl from a high-society family but...*
*...like this, she has the face of a ruling vampire at the same time.*
Mari: "Secure! *Grrrr*!!"
Aoi: "Nooo, don't come close, don't come near me. I'm gonna be bitten, blood sucked, made a vampire!!"
*Phew, I was saved by Calen.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa...shit, what the hell is going on...?"
*But...*
Girl B: "Hey, hey, what's this noise? Ah, there's Shuma!"
Male A: "That's a wild fight. Where are the teachers?"
Sakurako: "Hey, Shuma! What's this? What happened?!"
*...Now this trouble. What am I gonna do?*
Calen: "Oh dear, it cannot be helped any longer. Shuma-sama...no, Shuma-san. You will owe me one, understand?"
Shuma: "It's scary to owe you one, but I have no choice now. Do it."
Calen: "Hello, everyone. Please look at these eyes very carefully. Here we go."
Sakurako: "Let's see."
*Let's see.*
Calen: "Very well! *Flash*!"
*――――.*
*After this, we bring the girl with us and flee to the rooftop.*
*We skip class. At this point, it is what it is.*
*I have cuts in various places like my cheeks, arms and legs.*
*Well, I should say "I had". Now they are healing and all are kind of closed up. Left alone, they'll be gone by evening so I'm told. But not just that...*
Mari: "Mm, chu...alright, that's enough."
Shuma: "Ph-phew... I-it was ticklish. So you can heal wounds on a person from licking?"
Mari: "Yes, it's my own recovery power. I can bring recovery to people by licking them. It's a function of werewolves."
*According to Mari, my life force was heavily consumed by the previous attack. So, she has treated me to save as much life force as possible.*
*I want to suck blood.*
Shuma: "Now, time for this one."
Aoi: "Let me go. What? What are you going to do to me?"
*Ah, she looks delicious.*
Aoi: "Eek!"
Mari: "Come on, give us information or your blood will be sucked. You'll be bitten by him, hee-hee."
Aoi: "Eek, nooo!"
*What?!*
Shuma: "Shoot, as I've probably used up my life force, it's getting hard again to control the urge...!"
*I grip mom's keepsake ring without realizing it.*
*I am me... I don't mean to become something else.*
Calen: "...As I thought, you are the one from the Holy See's Rubina."
Aoi: "Ugh!"
*Calen suddenly cuts in. At the same time, the girl's expression becomes stiff.*
Shuma: "The Holy See? Yeah, she said it when she gave me her name. What is that, some kind of holy organization?"
Mari: "......"
Mari: "They help humans."
Aoi: "Hum..."
Shuma: "You said a vampire hunter, too. So, is that what it is?"
Aoi: "Yes. The organization on Vaticanus Hill that removes vampires, devils, evil spirits, monsters, all things considered unearthly by fair means or foul, and maintains world peace."
Aoi: "I'm an agent of its special service agency... Aoi Kamishiro...?! What did I...?!"
Calen: "You said it yourself, 'youngest child but still a direct descendant of the Officinalis'. I will make you tell us everything♪"
*Ah, Calen's eyes shine brightly, brilliantly.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "Calen's blood looks delicious. This girl's blood looks sooo delicious. And her cheeks look soft, too. Wanna poke them. Lick, lick..."
Shuma: "Like, I am controlled, too. Pull yourself together, Shuma!!"
Calen: "Oh, dear."
Mari: "Just leave him alone. Why does someone like you stay in this town?"
Aoi: "I heard there was a vampire, a suspect in this town, so I hid myself with a partner and have been observing the situation for some time."
*I see. That's why she is in the same uniform.*
Mari: "That's about you, Master, isn't it?"
Shuma: "It must be so. I was targeted not only by three vampire families but also by humans."
Calen: "But, Shuma-san's blood as a vampire was not yet awakened. So you were like a normal human. It was not possible for other humans, much less the outsiders, to seek you out."
Aoi: "......"
Mari: "Hmph. Things are already complicated as is, but now comes a more troublesome bunch..."
Calen: "Truly. I really cannot stand it any longer."
Shuma: "Surrounded by enemies..."
*................*
Shuma: "By the way, where's Aoi?"
Mari: "All good, I'm keeping her right here, oh no?"
*We look around the roof. There is no one but us.*
Calen: "Shall I discipline her in the Officinalis method?"
Shuma: "Or do you prefer the Embroche method, or Kusanagi method?"
Mari: "I'm sorry!!"
*We let her escape...*
Shuma: "Hmm, the Rubina."
Shuma: "I didn't know such a thing existed. Is it something like a local mafia?"
Mari: "With their god on a pedestal. Very common, isn't it? Mercilessly attacking all who look like them, but are not them."
*As our lady suggests, it's too bright here for a long discussion. We'll move to a new place and examine the information.*
*Still, vampires versus vampire hunters...it's so cliche.*
Mari: "'Kill all non-humans on this earth!' is the motto of that group. Such a pathetic bunch."
*What? Mari is evolving...*
Mari: "When they see a non-human, they attack. They come after you no matter how far you run away...I didn't do anything wrong..."
Shuma: "H-hey, Mari..."
*Isn't the highlight in her eyes disappearing?!*
*I guess something must have happened to Mari in the past...but she looks so different from her usual self that I hesitate to ask.*
Calen: "Really, the Rubina shows up everywhere. They are insolent and love putting on a brave front. Troublesomely so."
Shuma: "Re-really? Even you have difficulty with the organization!"
*I have to change the mood somehow.*
Calen: "They are simply irritating. So many times they came to kill us only to be defeated, but they refuse to give up."
Calen: "Many of them from the Rubina ended up being our servants. So many, I don't remember the number anymore♪"
*That means they capture the agents who come to kill them, and instead, turn them into familiars and use them as servants, doesn't it?*
*Wow, really like vampires.*
Mari: "That's right. Master, let's turn that woman into your familiar! Please do! And eventually, you'll subject all Rubina agents...hehehe."
*Oh, her highlight seems to come back even though she's giving an evil laugh.*
Shuma: "Do you think she will attack again?"
Mari: "She will."
Calen: "She will return."
Shuma: "A quick answer."
Calen: "Rubina agents are that persistent."
Mari: "Maybe she will attack again today."
Shuma: "Haha, that can't be."
Aoi: "Hello, I'm a vampire hunter. Now it's hunting time!"
*She's here. Really here!*
Mari: "There are only fools around me."
Calen: "Secure her!"
Aoi: "*Eeeeeeeek*!"
Mari: "So, what are we going to do with this one? We've captured her just in case."
*I can't believe I was attacked twice and quickly captured her twice within the same day.*
Shuma: "Let's see. Anyway, Calen. I can't stand being attacked so many times in a day. Can you come up with a way to keep an eye on her?"
Calen: "Hmm, let me see."
Calen: "Well then, how about this?"
**Flash*!*
Sakurako: "Oh, Aoi, what's wrong? You look pale. Ah, I see. You forgot your homework for the math class coming up. Yay, stupid, you and me, you and me."
Aoi: "Who are you?!"
Sakurako: "Gosh, I'm your classmate Sakurako...right? Is this the first time talking with Aoi? No, but...Aoi...chan? Just Aoi is good I guess, huh?"
Calen: "I already brainwashed the teachers."
*She used brainwashing after all.*
Shuma: "And with that, Miss Vampire Hunter is in our class from today on."
Mari: "Progenitor's blood is so cool..."
Calen: "Soon she will become a part of the class. In this way, if my brainwashing becomes weak, we will not need to worry about her."
*Now I don't need to worry about being attacked unexpectedly, but...*
Aoi: "...*Shiver-tremble*..."
*Oh, in the corner of the classroom, Aoi is cowering and trembling. I feel sorry for her.*
Mari: "Well, it's understandable she's scared. A daughter of a progenitor and a new progenitor. Now she's surrounded by them. Serves her right."
Shuma: "Hmm, maybe I over did it."
Mari: "Hehehe. You, a mere human got cocky and called yourself the Rubina, but how do you feel now? How are you feeling? Hey, you, how are you?"
Mari: "Bow-wow, bow-wow, bow-wow, grrrrrrrr♪"
Aoi: "*Tremble-tremble*."
*She is cute. No, I'm sorry for her.*
Aoi: "Damn, I can't believe I was reeled in by my enemies this easily...! But I will find a way out of it."
*Calen's hypnosis seems to have no effect on Aoi herself. She must have been trained well.*
Calen: "Also, I have hypnotized the entire class so that they will take no notice of our conversation."
Calen: "In this way, we can talk about whatever we want. Hehehe."
Shuma: "Convenient as usual..."
Mari: "Still, Lady Calen's power is not that strong yet. If it was a progenitor's, it would be so powerful that humans couldn't do anything but kneel down in submission."
Shuma: "Like Iris'?"
Mari: "Even with Lady Pumila's power suppressed, by all rights, humans can't move an inch while in her presence."
Mari: "Well, Master's influence now goes only as far as making people notice him somewhat."
Calen: "But this condition won't last long, so let's finish our discussion before next class."
Shuma: "Aoi, is it? You can't attack me any more, at least at school."
Aoi: "Hmph... you don't think I'll succumb to you this easily, do you?"
*She's really strong-willed. Her blood will be tasty, too.*
*No. What am I thinking?*
Aoi: "I'll find a chance to escape. Then, I will make sure to finish...!"
Shuma: "Wait a minute. Let's get along like human beings."
Aoi: "You are not human. Our investigation concluded you are a vampire."
Shuma: "Well...it seems to be so."
*Aoi glares at me with her strong-willed eyes.*
Aoi: "Oh, look over there, a beautiful girl with big tits. Her blood looks tasty!"
Shuma: "Huh?"
Aoi: "Ah, not big tits, small boobs!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Calen: "Where, where!"
Aoi: "Now!!"
Mari: "Don't let her escape, vampires!"
*Waaahhh.*
Shuma: "Close, we almost let her go!"
Calen: "What a coward, you little hussy!"
Mari: "These vampires, good-for-nothings!"
Aoi: "But now is my chance! Here I take out the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch! It surely kills vampires with one throw!"
Aoi: "Let me see. Following God's will, 'First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin, then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less'..."
*Ah, she's reading from the instructions.*
Calen: "Now let me through♪"
Aoi: "Nuh-uh. Give me back the instructions, give them back!"
Calen: "Look look, here, hehehe."
Aoi: "Noooo!"
Mari: "This good-for-nothing vampire hunter!"
Aoi: "Now, this is my last resort! The ultimate secret only a few Rubina can handle!"
Shuma: "Whoa, what's it going to be this time? A holy rocket launcher? A holy fork?!"
*Despite my guessing, Aoi starts talking.*
Aoi: "Lord, my Lord. Oh my dear Lord. Please help this poor lamb..."
**Sparkle twinkle sparkle*.*
Mari: "Oh, mysterious light from heaven?!"
*...This is bright.*
Calen: "Really bright."
Aoi: "Oh, Lord! I say, Lord, can you hear me?"
Aoi: "Oh, I do thank you for your hard work. It's Aoi!"
*Thank you for your hard work?!*
Aoi: "Lord, I was captured by my enemies. What shall I do? Please lead my path."
Aoi: "Eh? 'There'll be trouble so don't make a fuss. Don't stand out you fool.'? Oh Lord, I thank you for your blessed words."
Aoi: "...Tsk, useless God. I'm gonna convert."
**Sparkle twinkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: "No, it was nothing. I'm sorry, my Lord. Lord, you are so cool, wonderful, cute and I love you!"
*Whatever that is, it is so bright.*
Aoi: "Even God has forsaken me...!"
*Really, I'm starting to feel sorry for her.*
Shuma: "That's a hard job. I don't know what you want to do, though."
Aoi: "My job is to get direct orders from the Rubina and hunt down all the vampires spreading to this town."
Mari: "Did you hear what she's saying, Lady Calen?"
Calen: "*Grin*."
Aoi: "Eep?!"
*There's not much progress in our conversation.*
Shuma: "Actually, there's something I want to talk with you about."
Aoi: "...Huh?"
Mari: "W-what, Master?"
*So anyway.*
Aoi: "......"
*from: Sakurako*
*Karaoke is done. We broke up. Don't you think it's dangerous for a beautiful girl like me to be walking alone down dark streets?*
*from: Sakurako*
*My dear Shuma-kun!*
*from: Shuma*
*Go to hell!*
Aoi: "Hey, vampire."
Calen: "Yes, Shuma, excuse me..."
Shuma: "What?"
Calen: "Why do we stay with this rude and half-witted stray cat? It is not necessary to take cats for a walk."
Aoi: "Hmph, who's calling who a cat, you bat!"
*They don't get on well with each other. I know, it is what it is.*
Shuma: "So as I said. Please cooperate."
*At night, Calen, I...and Aoi are walking around the town together.*
*As for Aoi, I asked Calen to make her come with us.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*... What do you want to do anyway?"
Shuma: "I don't know."
Aoi: "Huh?"
Shuma: "But I explained my situation, didn't I?"
Calen: "Then why did you bring me along, too? I hardly know this town yet. Boo boo."
Shuma: "But I can't control this stray without you. I'm sorry."
Calen: "But it should be easy if you are the son of a progenitor."
Aoi: "Oh, they've started quarreling. My chance!"
Calen: "*Kishaaaa*."
Aoi: "*Tremble-tremble*..."
Shuma: "There you go."
Aoi: "Ugh...mere vampires holding me...!"
Shuma: "You know about the random attacks, don't you? I think it's not a mistake that they're related to me."
Aoi: "To me, the attacker is nobody but you or that bat woman."
Calen: "I am a daughter of a progenitor. I can maintain myself without having blood so often. I don't need to start such trouble in a town I'm not yet used to."
Aoi: "That means you've sucked so many people's blood, doesn't it, you lifeblood-sucking vampire?!"
Calen: "That's the last straw. You're mere food..."
Shuma: "No stop! Don't fight! I'm gonna continue talking!"
Shuma: "For the time being, I want to know what's been going on. Aoi, you are more or less a pro at that kind of thing."
*from: Sakurako*
*Nooo, totally dark residential streets. So scary. I'm afraid I might get attacked by someone like Shuma. If I am, take responsibility and marry me, my dear Shuma-kun!*
*from: Shuma*
*Go to hell!*
Shuma: "The attacker would probably be my enemy. But even if that's not related to me, I want to cooperate if it can help solve the problem."
Shuma: "How about this? Don't you think we have a common interest?"
Aoi: "Hmph, you say that now but when you have the chance, you'll bite me and take me as your familiar, won't you?"
Shuma: "You don't trust me? I'm still a human."
Aoi: "That woman over there."
Shuma: "Calen... I'll control her so don't worry."
Aoi: "How can I not worry about that?! Moron!"
Calen: "I say, I cannot bear to be with such a vulgar, low human! Remove the control."
Aoi: "Oh, I'm free. Now is the time!"
Shuma: "Aah?!"
*Calen can't stand her and releases Aoi. They really can't get along well!*
Aoi: "...Hmph, if I join you, even nine lives are not enough! *Bleehhh*!"
*With that, Aoi disappears into the busy street.*
Shuma: "Calen..."
Calen: "What is it?"
*It was too much of a stretch after all.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*... I wonder what I really want to do."
Calen: "That's my line."
*Then, the human girl runs away, and the vampire lady is left with me.*
*Good grief, Sakurako. She is really annoying, too!*
*from: Sakurako*
*Something here. Attacki*
Shuma: "Go to he...oh, eh?"
*................*
Shuma: "Calen, let's go!"
Calen: "Ah, what happened?"
*Waaahhh! Sorry, Sakurako, I texted you telling you to "go to hell"! I'm the one who should die!*
Calen: "Wait, Shuma-san! Please wait!"
Shuma: "From the karaoke box to Sakurako's home, she's probably around here!"
*I've run full speed from the shopping street to here.*
Shuma: "*Wheezing*...!"
Calen: "Good grief, please do not be so out of breath from running a short distance."
*Even so, I think I did run way faster than normal people.*
*She means real vampires are much faster than this. No wonder they call us monsters.*
Shuma: "A-anyway, Calen! Look for Sakurako! Something has happened to her."
Calen: "I understand that. But I don't know my way about this area yet."
Shuma: "Please!"
Calen: "If you insist."
Calen: "Really, not only the woman from the Rubina, but why are you so obsessed with human girls?"
*While we are talking like this...*
Calen: "It seems unnecessary to search for her."
Shuma: "Haa...hoo...eh?"
Calen: "She is in that back alley. Shall we go?"
Shuma: "H-hey, Calen...!"
Lycoris/???: "......"
**Rustle*...!!*
Shuma: "Hm? What is...?"
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Shuma: "Huh?"
Sakurako: "Bubaaaaaa..."
*That stupid silly foolish voice is...?!*
Shuma: "Sakurako!!"
Aoi: "I've got a vampire!!"
Shuma: "Why, of all times, are you attacking me now? Stop, idiot!!!"
*Daggers assault my cheeks, arms and legs!*
Calen: "Shut your mouth, cat!!"
Aoi: "It was a chance to beat him by surprise attack...!"
Shuma: "Can't you feel out the situation? Sakurako seems to have been jumped by the attacker. Now is not the time to do this."
Aoi: "Okay."
*For the time being, I'll leave Aoi alone and find Sakurako.*
Sakurako: "W-what...?"
Shuma: "Oh, Sakurako? Are you alright? Hey!!"
Sakurako: "Shu, ma...? Shuma...shumai..."
Sakurako: "Gyoza...*slump*."
*I'm glad Sakurako is fine.*
Aoi: "......"
Mari: "Please, tea is ready, Sakurako-san."
Sakurako: "Oh, thank you, Mari-chan. Well, well, you live under the same roof as a lady. You look great in maid clothes."
Mari: "Thank you."
*We leave Aoi and temporarily bring weak Sakurako to my house.*
*From that place, my house is closer than Sakurako's.*
Mari: "So? Master, aren't you the attacker?"
Shuma: "No. I have proof. Look."
Mari: "Your hands are shaking, hey you weakling."
Shuma: "It was so hard to carry Sakurako here!"
*Lack of life force is painful.*
*If I relax, I might lose consciousness again.*
Sakurako: "Haha, thanks, Shuma. I never thought a day would come when I was piggy-backed by Shuma."
Shuma: "Mmm...don't worry. More important than that, Sakurako, is there really nothing wrong with you?"
Sakurako: "I'm okay. I'm not injured or molested."
Sakurako: "I was weak until just now...ha ha, maybe my knees gave away from fear? Hehehe."
Shuma: "But...yes, what did the attacker look like, any unique characteristics?!"
Sakurako: "Let me see...what?"
*Sakurako tilts her head and thinks. Can't she remember?*
Sakurako: "W-what, gee? Who attacked me... What was done to me? I can't remember..."
Sakurako: "Probably because of the shock. Not just because my knees are weak. I haven't trained myself yet, sorry."
Mari: "Her body is alright so you don't need to worry any more."
Shuma: "Mari. You are right. She has no injuries."
Mari: "......"
Sakurako: "Mmm, let's see."
Sakurako: "I shouldn't stay here too long. I'm going home."
Shuma: "Hey, are you alright? Why don't you go to the hospital?"
Sakurako: "Only emergency rooms are open at this time. They'll laugh if I go like this. See you, I'm off."
*What's up with her, leaving so suddenly?*
Sakurako: "Mari-chan, your tea was delicious!"
Lotus/???: "Will you let her go home alone this late at night?"
Shuma: "I'll walk you home!"
Sakurako: "Eh?"
Shuma: "Ah, err... it's half my fault. I'm sorry I didn't take your texts seriously."
Sakurako: "Ha ha, don't be weird, Shuma. That kind of thing, I'll ask my boyfriend to do for me."
Shuma: "I didn't know you had boyfriend."
Sakurako: "Nooope. Oh, but...I wish I had boyfriend like Shuma."
Sakurako: "Uh, ha, n-nothing. I'm too weird recently. Hehe."
Shuma: "I'll walk you home."
Sakurako: "Hmm, darkness of the night, thank you again tonight."
*Sakurako's current condition matches those of the rumored victims'.*
*Also, I feel I caught sight of that cosplay girl in the alley. The attacker must be her.*
*But why has she being doing this? Isn't it her goal to capture me?*
*And what is the voice I heard for a second?*
*The next day.*
Sakurako: "Let's go out to play!"
Shuma: "You go home and sleep!"
Sakurako: "Boo boo, boring. Let's play, let's play."
*Sakurako shows up to school as if nothing had happened.*
*I wasted my time worrying about her!*
Shuma: "Is your body really alright?"
Sakurako: "Did you see me in gym class today? I'm national level in women's soccer, aren't I?!"
Shuma: "But why does that become, 'go out to play'?"
Sakurako: "Uh, I mean. See?"
Mari: "Why are you looking at me?"
Sakurako: "Recently it's busy around Shuma and I thought now is a good time to know each other more. What do you think?"
*................*
Shuma: "Don't worry. You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours."
Sakurako: "Y-yesterday has nothing to do with this! Uhh, not like that."
Sakurako: "You know! Both Calen and Mari-chan, you don't know much about this town, do you? So I'm gonna give you a tour!"
Calen: "Well, well, that is helpful."
Shuma: "Yeah, but still."
Aoi: "My bag, okay. Things left behind, nothing... *Sneak-sneak-sneak*..."
*Aoi*
**Dash*!!*
Calen: "Oh my, where do you think you're going, you kitten♪"
Aoi: "Ahhhhh!"
*They're having fun over there.*
Aoi: "Darn it, I feel miserable now that the activity base for infiltration is not only controlled, but taken over. Oh Lord, please help this poor lamb!"
**Sparkle twinkle sparkle*.*
Aoi: " 'I always watch over you'? No, no, that kind of thing doesn't matter, but please help more physically... You're hungry and have no strength? Eat a bean-jam-bun or something!!"
*Her god is irresponsible.*
*...But I see, we have this one.*
Shuma: "Okay, let's go out to play!"
Sakurako: "Oh, he suddenly changes his mind. Oh well, let's go!"
Mari: "Well then, I'm going home. I have chores to do."
Sakurako: "Of course, Aoi and Mari-chan too!"
**Grab*!*
Mari: "Waaah, please don't hold me. Sto-stooop."
Aoi: "Why me, too?! Please don't call my name like I'm your friend."
Sakurako: "Why not? We are classmates. Why now? Um? Yes, right, classmates, aren't we?"
Calen: "Here, Sakurako-san. Have a good look into my eyes."
Sakurako: "*Daaaaze*."
Shuma: "Hey, you're following us from behind anyway, aren't you? Why don't we go together?"
Aoi: "...Hmph."
*Like this, we end up going out to play together.*
Sakurako: "Alright! Where are we gonna go first? Do you have any requests, Calen, Mari-chan?"
Calen: "Well, let me see. These are such common looking streets, so it seems to me they are all the same wherever we go."
Sakurako: "How dare you, country bumpkin. I'll show off Japanese technologies! First we'll go there!"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... Why am I...?"
Mari: "Please, Master."
Shuma: "Huh? What's wrong?"
Mari: "Weren't we supposed to investigate the random attack, that is, the tracker from Lady Pumila? But now we are just playing around."
Shuma: "That was my plan but... I can't really see their aim so I can't map out our course. And..."
Mari: "And?"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Well, I have many things to consider. Including you."
Mari: "Why do you bring me up?"
Shuma: "You are very quiet at school."
Mari: "I have no inclination to wag my tail to humans."
Shuma: "Sakurako, she is really nice."
Mari: "Oh...but why me too...?"
Shuma: "You, stop talking like Aoi."
Mari: "Master, please be careful."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Mari: "Make sure not to be alone with Sakurako-san. I smell something bad from her."
*Honestly, since that kind of thing happened to her too, she should be more understanding of the situation.*
*But Sakurako herself is the one who suggested it. So many things are beyond me.*
*Girls, girls, girls, girls, many cute girls, so many, look delicious, delicious, delicious, their blood must be delicious, blood, blood, blood, girls.*
Mari: "*Bite*!"
*It hurts.*
Shuma: "*Gasp*, am I again?!"
Mari: "You were saying it loud from the middle."
*Seriously?!*
Mari: "Good grief. It's wonderful that you suck blood, but if you do that among this many people, you'll get in trouble. If you do, please do it secretly."
Shuma: "I curbed it at school as much as possible, but I've been exposed to a lot of sun. I feel as if something has drained out of me. But...I won't suck blood."
Mari: "Please don't attack me without warning. You must tell me before you do it. I need to prepare myself."
*Mari-san is holding a touchy grudge against me.*
Shuma: "You are truly right on all accounts."
*But, see, maybe because I tasted blood once...oh crap.*
*When I remember the taste, I can't help recalling...*
*Mari's peeing...*
Mari: "What are you thinking about?!"
Shuma: "No-nothing, really. Oh, how is Calen? Hey, Calen."
Calen: "Yes, what is it? Would you like some blood? Here you are!"
Shuma: "That...close. Right now that white shoulder is a weapon in my eyes! Hide it, hide it!"
*I hold down the urge somehow.*
Shuma: "So, how is it?! Your first mobile phone."
Calen: "Hmph, h-how insolent. We have something like this in Racronia, too."
Sakurako: "Reeeally? Then, why don't you call me? Here's the number. Now!"
Calen: "Number...call...call...callll."
Calen: "Sakurako-san, now my eyes, yes, look at them carefully..."
Shuma: "HEY."
Calen: "I'm thirsty, Sakurako-san!"
Sakurako: "Okay, Calen, I'll get it."
*Sakurako is gone...*
Shuma: "You, don't abuse your powers! Be honest and tell her you can't!"
Calen: "Urrgh, but but..."
*Calen bought a prepaid mobile.*
*After leaving school, Sakurako takes us straight to an electronics shop. A schoolgirl goes out to play and the first place she picks is...an electronics shop. Sakurako is Sakurako through and through.*
Shuma: "See, to make a call..."
Calen: "Yes...er, press this button? Then...well I see."
Shuma: "And, this is Sakurako's number. I don't think you understand the infrared communication function yet, so look at this and call."
Calen: "Ah, ringing! Hello, Sakurako-san? I'd like to have corn potage♪"
Calen: "Huh. Huhhh."
*Now she's proud.*
Shuma: "Okay, call Sakurako with mine next."
Calen: "Huh, very easy. Well, why are you handing me this board?"
Shuma: "This is a mobile, too."
*Only it is one with a touchscreen.*
Calen: "Where are the buttons?!"
*Thank you for the reaction, as expected.*
Calen: "What is this? Horrible! Are you so pleased to make fun of me?"
Shuma: "Haha, sorry, sorry. I'm just thinking, Calen, you were cute in the electoronics shop, too."
Calen: "Why do you say that? No, noooo!"
Mari: "Ah, I agree. Like she got so excited with big screen TVs, she mistook a vacuum cleaner for a cannon, and fell asleep on a massage chair..."
Mari: "And to top it all off, she is an aristocrat. She's such an easy sucker!"
Calen: "S-such kinds of things are in m-my my room back home..."
Calen: "I admit I didn't have..."
*Good being honest.*
Calen: "I give in and admit... Racronia is way out in the country... I am ignorant of the world and a big fish in a small pond...*sob*."
Shuma: "D-don't be tearful like that... There must be something, you know, good things about Racronia."
Calen: "Yes, I thank you for asking me that! Compared to here, Racronia..."
Calen: "...has cute sheep!"
*Calen is cute.*
Shuma: "*Laugh*."
Calen: "Ahhh, what's so funny, Shuma-san?! Racronia is a nice place. It's in the country, but still a nice place!"
*It was so sudden when she showed up as my fiancee. I had no idea what my future would bring. Well, that still hasn't changed...*
*So, Calen remained a mystery to me. No, I didn't even try to know her.*
*Talking with her like this makes a total difference.*
Shuma: "I didn't realize it, but Calen is cute."
Calen: "W-what?! W-why is this so sudden?!"
Shuma: "First I thought you were just an absent-minded debutante, ignorant of the world. Then you showed your strong and a bit cold side as a vampire."
Shuma: "Now I actually know you are a normal girl. I can empathize with your love for your own country."
Calen: "Hmm. Are you praising or belittling me?"
Shuma: "I'm praising. I'm glad my fiancee is cute, hahaha!"
Calen: "Well then, please awaken into a vampire as quickly as possible, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Haha, well, in time."
*When I think about it, Sakurako's suggestion wasn't so bad.*
*Considering Sakurako was attacked yesterday, we may be too open in public, but we all met very recently and hardly know each other.*
*...Of course that applies to this stray cat, too.*
Aoi: "What?"
Shuma: "Don't be on your guard so much. I won't bite you."
Aoi: "Don't you understand?! I'm the enemy that hunts you, the enemy, down!"
Aoi: "And what? With little exchange, you suddenly capture me, tell me to cooperate, then to go out and play with you? Really, I don't understand you."
*I don't have any particular reasons, either.*
Shuma: "Never mind, just come with us."
Aoi: "I refuse."
Mari: "Really, why is Aoi...san here?"
Calen: "Truly so. Why is this stray cat with us?"
*My plan is very unpopular with the vampire side. Well, nothing much can be done since they are enemies.*
Aoi: "Then release me, bat woman!"
Calen: "Shuma-san told me not to♪"
Shuma: "Now, now. Let's get along like humans do!"
Aoi: "You are a vampire, aren't you?"
Shuma: "I'm human."
*I must believe it, so that I won't feel frightened.*
Sakurako: "Oh, hey, Calen, do you knooow what that is? What is that shop? Look, look, over there."
Calen: "I-I know what that is! Now shall we go, Sakurako-san!"
Sakurako: "Haa, haa, haa, wait, wait."
Aoi: "...So? Really and honestly, why did you bring me against my will?"
Shuma: "I have many things to ask you, like why an organization called the Rubina makes me a target."
Aoi: "Of course, we do. Because you're an evil being."
Shuma: "How dare you call me evil? I'm a vampire now...so they say, but I was human until recently."
Aoi: "Yeah, I know that. Don't think lightly of the Rubina's network."
Shuma: "If you know my situation, well, I mean, it's helpful you don't hate me so much."
Aoi: "NO WAY!!"
*She won't give me the time of day, hahaha...*
Shuma: "Even so! As for random attacks, I'm a victim, too. For the time being, please cooperate on this case. We should avoid being dragged into an endless three-way fight."
Aoi: "If it's a lie...?"
Shuma: "In that case, you can slash me down from behind."
Aoi: "Hmph. Easy just to say that."
*Right now, it seems difficult to win her over more than this.*
Sakurako: "Hey, Shuma, Aoi, Mari-chan!"
*Right then, Sakurako and Calen come back.*
Calen: "Sakurako-san will kindly treat us."
Shuma: "What does she... Oh, crepes?"
Sakurako: "Yeah. Calen was like, with a pleading face, and drooling... and it was so cute."
Calen: "I-I-I did not make such a face."
Sakurako: "Then I'm gonna have this. Itadakimasu."
Calen: "Ah, aahh, aahhh, no, nooo, I want to have that one. Nooooo."
Sakurako: "Calen is cute."
*Calen is cute.*
Sakurako: "Here, this is for you, Mari-chan!"
Mari: "Thank you very much."
*...But really.*
Shuma: "Lined up like this, these three look bizarre."
Sakurako: "The air around them is different. It's kind of like, hmm...bizarre."
*Even Sakurako racks her brains about this distinct atmosphere.*
Calen: "What do you mean by 'bizarre'? How dare you call this beautiful girl bizarre!"
Aoi: "I'm the one who should say 'bizarre'. Why do I have to eat my crepe surrounded by monsters?"
Mari: "Aoi-san is not particularly needed here. As far as we are concerned..."
Sakurako: "A-hahaha. Let's get along, get along."
*A debutante, a maid, and a monster hunter. This is a strange combination.*
Shuma: "Thanks for the crepes. I can pay for them."
Sakurako: "To tell you frankly, this is a thank you gift for yesterday. Really, thank you everybody."
Calen: "You did not need to do this... I shall eat it."
Calen: "Oh dear, delicious."
Sakurako: "Oh, really? That's good. I don't eat these things very much, so I wasn't sure."
Mari: "Master, Master, how about me, me?!"
Shuma: "Alright, you can eat now. Eat as much as you can."
Mari: "Ahwoooooo! *Chomp chomp chomp chomp*!"
Sakurako: "Haha! Is it good, Mari-chan?"
Mari: "*Arf*? ...Y-yes, it's delicious."
Sakurako: "Oh, you finally smiled, Mari-chan."
Mari: "Eh?"
Sakurako: "You see, you were always distant, so I was wondering if I was difficult for you to deal with."
Sakurako: "It's a good chance, so I want to be friends with you. Hehehe."
Mari: "I-I didn't mean it like that that but...well..."
Mari: "C-crepe is delicious!"
Sakurako: "Hahaha, thanks. Thank you for yesterday's tea. I'm just returning the favor."
Aoi: "You there, keep your heart-warming moment to yourself..."
Sakurako: "Aoi, too. Until now, I didn't have much contact with you even though we're in the same class. We are connected through Mari-chan, Calen and Shuma, so let's be good friends!"
Aoi: "Alright, Sakurako! In reality, I belong to a different class and you are hypnotized and deceived!"
Sakurako: "What are you saying? Your desk and locker are in my classroom. Ah, is this some role-playing thingy?"
Aoi: "Not thaaaaaat!"
*I know the situation but, it's fun to watch her from the side.*
Shuma: "Wait, hunter. School is just your base of operations. You can make more progress by being friends with Sakurako. You didn't have friends like her in the previous class, did you?"
Aoi: "Hmmm...you are right, but it's none of your business about who my friends are!"
Shuma: "You see, Sakurako is a human like you."
Aoi: "I see. It's far more constructive to be friends with her than the bat woman, the maid over there, and most of all you. You're smart for a vampire."
Aoi: "For this reason, let's be good friends, Sakurako. You and I are friends from today. Hehehe, hahaha."
Sakurako: "Eh...? Ah, o-okay...please."
Aoi: "I totally put her off! How are you gonna fix it, vampire?"
Shuma: "My fault?! You've never really made friends before?!"
Mari: "Rather, Aoi-san, aren't you going to eat your crepe? If not..."
Calen: "Wait, Mari-san. You must know your place. She is the one from the Rubina. As the one serving the Embroche family, you must show your pride."
Mari: "P-p-p..."
Mari: "Less pride! More food!"
*This dog is no good.*
Shuma: "Don't hesitate, Aoi."
Aoi: "I won't accept a handout from you."
Shuma: "Not from us, but from Sakurako. Be fair and accept it."
Aoi: "That is right. I'm gonna eat it."
*She really hates us.*
Aoi: "Mmm, ahhhh, delicious. What's this? Super delicious!"
Aoi: "Aahhhhhh!"
*Miss hunter's face melts away.*
Sakurako: "Oh, first Mari-chan, then Aoi, crepes are a huge smiling hit. Goodie goodie."
Aoi: "Smile? Ah."
Shuma: "You look cute when you smile."
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Fangs are out."
*Soon I'm maybe reaching my limit!*
Sakurako: "Hahaha, really strange guys, those three."
Lotus/???: "Truly."
*After that, the five of us walk around the town together. Before we know it, day becomes evening and...*
*...evening turns into night.*
Mari: "Ah, the crepe was delicious. I'll try to make them once I get home. Hehehehehe."
Calen: "*Sigh*. I apologize that I called this place a remote country. I'm sorry, Sakurako-san."
Calen: "But Racronia is a wonderful place, too!"
Sakurako: "Yeah, I heard that a lot. Is it okay if I visit there some time?"
Calen: "Yes, of course! On that occasion, I will send a servant to you. If you tell me in advance, I will come myself."
Aoi: "Ahhh. I wasted my time."
*Whether all this is worthwhile or not, I can't really say. Now our after-school hours are about to end.*
Calen: "Ah, Mari-san, Aoi-san, there! There is another crepe stand! Shall we go?"
Mari: "Crepes!"
Aoi: "That's a takoyaki stand! Can you eat octopus?"
Mari: "I'm not fussy about food, ahwoooooo! Let's go, Calen-sama!"
Sakurako: "Ahaha, so much energy. I don't want one, so see you!"
*Oh, Aoi is gone, too?*
*Somehow, are they getting along?*
Shuma: "...*Sigh*, but really. I need blood..."
Sakurako: "Blood? Why don't you eat liver tonight? Perfect food for energy!"
Shuma: "I'll tell that to Mari. I'm not sure if it works, though. By the way, thanks for today, Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Hmm? Hehehe."
*Honestly, she helped me. As for Calen, I couldn't decide whether I should keep my distance from or get close to her. It was the same with Aoi.*
*If possible, I don't want anybody to be hostile. If we can cooperate, I definitely want to do so. For that we must communicate with each other.*
Sakurako: "......"
Shuma: "Hey, it's night already. We're gonna go home soon, huh, Sakurako?"
Sakurako: "Mmm..."
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako? What's wrong? Don't you feel good? Are you tired?"
Sakurako: "No, I'm...not, but... What's this...mmm...?"
*What the...?*
Shuma: "No one is here."
*It's now after sunset, but still before prime time. It's normal that people aren't around. No, people should be present now.*
*But for some reason, in the park and around us, nobody else is here.*
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako, Sakurako!!"
*Sakurako remains quiet and sinks to the ground.*
Shuma: "Hey! Are you alright? Hang on!"
*Come to think of it, when I was attacked the first time, it was like this.*
*It happened in the park at night and nobody was there.*
*When I think about it, last night was like this, too. Something is wrong.*
Shuma: "Anyway, wake up, Sakurako, it's not safe! How far did Calen and the others go?"
*I reach out to Sakurako. Right that second, I hear...*
Lotus/???: "Keep a distance from her."
Shuma: "U-ugh?!"
*For a second, I don't understand what is happening to me.*
*I hear that voice again then immediately feel suffocated and pain around my neck.*
Sakurako: "――――"
Shuma: "Mm, ugh... Za...gura...go...?!"
*Sakurako is choking my neck?*
*On top of that, with incredible power, using her hands that are grabbing my neck she lifts me up nearly off the ground.*
*Mari's words pass through my mind, but it's too late now.*
Shuma: "Damn...! Wake up, Sagura...ko...!"
Sakurako: "Shu...ma..."
Sakurako: "...Shu...ma... Shu...ma..."
Sakurako: "I wannt eat shumai..."
**Squeeze-squeeze-squeeze*.*
*Cut it...out!*
Lycoris/???: "Ha, ha, ha, ha! Humiliating, isn't it, Shuma Embroche?!"
*Shit. At a time like this, what is that stupid voice?!*
Shuma: "No wait, this voice is...!"
*As I resist Sakurako's hands, I look up toward the direction of the voice!*
Shuma: "I can't seeeeeeeeee!"
Lycoris/???: "Hey there, human, loosen up your grip a little."
*Oh, it's a little easier to deal with now.*
*Yet, once more I look up toward the voice.*
Lycoris/???: "Ha ha ha ha ha! Here here!"
*Against the moonlight, there stands a girl.*
Shuma: "Here comes that weird girl!"
Lycoris/???: "How dare you call me a 'weird girl'!"
Shuma: "I'm busy right now. Do your cosplay at an event site!"
Lycoris/???: "That is not it, I say!"
*There is no mistake she is the girl from before. And I saw a flash of her when Sakurako was attacked...!*
Shuma: "Are you the random attacker?!"
Lycoris: "Don't smear my good name. I'm not like that."
Lycoris: "Nice to meet you, mister. I'm Lycoris. Lycoris Radiata."
Lycoris: "By Master Pumila's orders, I've come to bring you back!"
*Just as I thought, she's the tracker!*
Shuma: "Bring me back? You are trying to kill me right now."
Lycoris: "If you were a progenitor, this wouldn't be an obstacle. Curse your own weak self. I'll report to Master Pumila you have no prospects."
*Seriously!*
Shuma: "You, what did you do to Sakurako...!"
Lycoris: "Well, well, you don't know? Controlled. She was made into a familiar."
Shuma: "What...?!"
Sakurako: "――――"
*I see the eyes of Sakurako who is putting her hands around my neck.*
*Her eyes have a pale shine to them even though it is subtle.*
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako, pull yourself together! When you let me go, I'll buy you shumai!"
Lycoris: "Hahahaha, that's totally useless. She's already my familiar. She was turned into a low class vampire♪"
*Until now, Sakurako looked normal. I'm sure she was normal.*
*But she suddenly changed like this. It is hard to imagine I didn't notice something was done to her right before the change.*
*Probably, it goes back to yesterday.*
Lotus/???: "Maritima said that, too. She smelled something strong from her. Maybe a sleeper type familiar is possessing her or it has this kind of ability."
Shuma: "W-what?!"
Lycoris: "Hmm?"
*Suddenly, someone speaks to me, and I raise my voice unintentionally.*
*And I wonder how many times I've heard this voice...*
*But this is not important. I must get out of this situation! I can't do anything as long as Sakurako is grabbing me.*
Shuma: "Sorry, Sakurako! It's gonna hurt a little."
*I lift up Sakurako with superhuman physical strength...*
Lycoris: "Gee, no mercy."
*However.*
Sakurako: "――――"
**Suffocating suffocating suffocating suffocating**
Lycoris: "Hahaha, you're held down by a girl and can't do anything about it. So lame, I say♪"
*Annoying.*
Lotus/???: "You need life force. You should not have been stubborn and sucked Maritima's blood."
*Ugh. Whoever he is he's really bugging me.*
*Life force...blood...ugh! It's useless to have superhuman power unless I can use them when I need it.*
Lycoris: "Well, well. Lack of life force? If you want, you can suck my familiar's blood, Shuma Embroche!"
*What is her plan? But...*
Shuma: "I ca...can't suck my friend's blood!"
Lycoris: "Sorry to hear that. So then quickly BLACK OUT!"
Sakurako: "――――!"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*Crap. She's really choking me. I'm losing.*
Lotus/???: "......"
Lycoris: "Hmm. I expected it would shine again. For the time being, I'll secure him before his gang returns and then..."
Mari: "Master!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk, I was slacking too much."
Mari: "*BUMP*!!"
Sakurako: "Ouch!"
Shuma: "*Gh-cough...cough...cough-cough-cough*."
Mari: "Are you alright, Master?"
Shuma: "*Cough*... Y-you saved me."
*Thanks to Mari hurling herself at Sakurako, I narrowly avoid blacking out.*
*As for Sakurako...she is laying on the ground with her clothes in disarray.*
*I leave her there for the time being.*
Mari: "You are the tracker! I won't let you lay a finger on my master!"
Lycoris: "Well, well, your pet dog. I almost forgot you had a thing like that."
*Mari stands between me and the girl named Lycoris to guard me.*
*She looks totally different from usual Mari. And...*
Mari: "Henshin (transform)!!"
*Mari leaps high with a yell!*
Shuma: "Wow, she's transformed. Cool! Go!"
Mari: "Prepare yourself!!"
Lycoris: "Take this."
Mari: "*Crush*!"
*Weak.*
Shuma: "Eh, that's it?!"
Mari: "I'm so-sorry, Master...Mari was a no good maid..."
Shuma: "Truly and seriously so, but don't apologize. Thank you! You rest..."
Aoi: "Next is my turn!!"
**Slash*!*
Shuma: "Close. Not me, not here. There, over there!"
Aoi: "Tsk."
*She looks very disappointed.*
Lycoris: "Darn, one after another! My job was almost done!"
Aoi: "...The random attacker you were talking about is...that?"
*Aoi asks me with her eyes on Lycoris. I nod "yes".*
Shuma: "I think so... She says she's the minion of a vampire who chased me all the way from Racronia."
Aoi: "The minion of a vampire."
Shuma: "Sakurako was turned into a familiar! She made Sakurako a low class vampire!"
Aoi: "...Hmm, I see."
Aoi: "I thought I should wait until I confirm with my own eyes...but it hits me hard to actually see her like this."
Shuma: "...Aoi?"
Lycoris: "Hmm. Did you really want to see me that much?"
Aoi: "Of course. Because searching for you has been my duty, too."
*Aoi springs onto Lycoris!*
Aoi: "Lycoris!!"
*Screaming, Aoi pulls out a dagger...twin daggers and brings them down on the girl!*
Lycoris: "Waaahhh, dangerous! What would you do if I died?!"
Aoi: "You won't die so easily!"
Lycoris: "If you produce a critical hit, I may die. Enemies' critical hits come when you least expect them!"
*Lycoris twists her body to avoid Aoi's twin daggers.*
*Sharp flashes of daggers sparkle again and again and I can almost hear the sound of blades slashing air.*
*Aoi seems to be on the offense, but Lycoris' face remains relaxed.*
Lycoris: "Even so, you charge at me so straight forward. I won't let you hit me!"
Lycoris: "Now I have a weapon, too! You can't get me so easily, Aoi!"
Aoi: "You have a weapon, so what!!"
Lycoris: "Geez, you're always like that! It's time to drop your bad habit of making a charge without thinking!"
*What? Do they know each other...?*
Lycoris: "Here we go, it feels much better than I thought... There!!"
Aoi: "What feels good? That weird weapon! It's so obvious you're not used to it!!"
*Twin daggers and a big scythe clash violently.*
*Aoi has been making far more attacks than Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Hehe, considering all that, you still can't bring me down, Aoi. If you think I'm like I was before, you will get hurt!!"
Aoi: "W-what?! Uggh!"
*Aoi receives a full swing of the scythe to her body and the force throws her back a few meters.*
*Aoi seems to successfully turn aside the impact, showing no damage.*
Lycoris: "Haha, right now, Aoi is too weak to be my enemy. Hehe, this is more than I expected♪"
*Laughing joyfully, she swings around the big scythe as if trying it out.*
*She behaves as if fighting for the first time... Does she have only a few fighting experiences even though she's a tracker?*
*No, it can't be. Her moves are as fast as Aoi's or even faster.*
Lycoris: "There, there! I'm coming to you!"
*With a smile on her face, Lycoris positions the scythe which is far bigger than her body, and makes a charge at Aoi.*
Aoi: "Uggh! Shut your mouth. You can't beat me with your sloppy swings!!"
*Aoi dodges all the swings with quick footwork and jumps, slashing at Lycoris with lightning speed.*
Shuma: "Incredible..."
*If I get caught in the fight, I won't come out unscathed.*
*Quickly I keep my distance from the battle ground that's resonating with metallic sound.*
Shuma: "Phew, I won't get caught up around here."
Sakurako: "......"
*I lay down an unconscious Sakurako and Mari and check Sakurako again.*
*She has a peaceful, sleeping face that is unimaginable on usual Sakurako.*
*But Sakurako is...*
Sakurako: "......"
*I've dragged Sakurako into my problem.*
Mari: "Wooffff..."
*Mari is injured because she tried to protect me.*
Aoi: "Shoot...really annoying...! Why are vampires like this?!"
Lycoris: "How about you become a vampire, Aoi? I can make you my subordinate, under my direct control♪"
Aoi: "Shut up, idiot!!"
*An extraordinary fight continues in front of me.*
*Exactly like watching a play on stage, I'm a single audience member who just stands there watching them clash.*
Lotus/???: "Unfortunately, Shuma, you are also involved in it. You cannot remain dumb."
*I hear the voice again.*
*I know that. From the beginning, this is the problem I myself have to solve.*
Lotus/???: "Still, you went along with the girl from the Rubina with the intention of making her solve the case so, in a way, it happened as you planned."
Shuma: "Th-that's not..."
*I didn't go along with Aoi with that kind of plan in mind. I was hoping I could fight together with her.*
*But I never intended to leave everything to her...*
Lotus/???: "So, are you going to join the fight now? Certainly, it doesn't look good if you stay protected by the girl."
Shuma: "I know that, but me right now..."
*With untrained eyes, the battle in front of me looks fifty-fifty even. It's a barrage of Aoi's numerous slash attacks and Lycoris' heavy blows.*
*But...*
Aoi: "Hseh! Ha!! Taah!! Tsk, go down quickly!! You!!"
Lycoris: "I see your bad habit as usual. Keep fighting seriously like that, and you'll get tired soon."
*As Lycoris says, Aoi is fighting at full throttle from the beginning. Using her leg power, she charges then stabs and slashes.*
*Whether Lycoris repels, parries, or keeps her distance, Aoi immediately charges back at her.*
*Compared to Aoi, Lycoris gives herself enough time to meet an attacking Aoi, sometimes dodging her and waiting for the moment to counterattack.*
*Even if Aoi's physical strength is above average, it is obvious that she'll be exhausted first if she continues this way.*
Lotus/???: "At this rate, the girl from the Rubina will be defeated. Is that okay?"
Shuma: "It can't be okay!!"
*I don't know whose voice it is but I rush out, trying to drive it away.*
Aoi: "What are you doing?! Get back! You can't handle her!!"
Shuma: "Even so, I'll try! This is originally my problem. I can't stand being protected, defended and doing nothing but watching in silence!"
Aoi: "Even so, just shut up and watch!! You're in my way!!"
Shuma: "Don't worry! Let me fight!!"
Aoi: "Alright, understood."
Shuma: "Like that?!"
Aoi: "Eh, huh?"
*While Aoi tilts her head to the side, she takes one step back.*
*Inevitably, the cosplay girl stands right in front of me.*
Lycoris: "Well, well, a change of players? So, you stand in front of me in that condition, which means...you're prepared to die, aren't you♪"
Shuma: "Wait, time-out?!!"
*Lycoris swings down the scythe with gusto. I quickly jump aside and dodge the attack.*
*She has no mercy. Seriously, I've gotta do something about her.*
Shuma: "Even if I can't, I will!!"
Lotus/???: "*Sigh*... You can't do it as you don't have enough life force."
*Damn, what's this voice? Is this a bad side effect of becoming a vampire, too?!*
*No, I must concentrate on the enemy in front of me right now.*
*I get my fist ready by the waist and make a charge at her.*
Shuma: "Waaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!"
Lycoris: "There!"
Shuma: "Aaaaaahhhh!!!"
**Slide*!!*
*I get very close to her, but she dodges me quite easily.*
Lycoris: "Hehehe. That's some great headfirst sliding."
*Ugh. Small stones hit and hurt my face. But luckily I've landed on gravel.*
Shuma: "Ugh... Screw you!!"
Lycoris: "Haha! You idiot! Even if you are a progenitor, you can do nothing without life force! It's impossible for you to defeat me right now."
*I clench my fists on the ground and stand up.*
Shuma: "Uggh..."
Lycoris: "Really, I was kind enough to give him a chance but if he's like this, it's too bad!!"
Shuma: "Argh!!"
*I'm hit in the stomach by the scythe's handle and roll down on the ground in humiliation.*
Shuma: "A-argh?!"
Lycoris: "Okay, all done. The next time you wake up, you will say hello to a new you. Shuma Embroche."
Shuma: "I don't...accept...that at all!"
*Pretending to swing my arm, I throw gravel at Lycoris' face who is caught off guard and comes too close to me.*
Lycoris: "*Shriek*!"
Shuma: "Look now, this is the killer move 'Blinding'!!"
*This is an old trick, but it works. While she is flinching...*
Shuma: "Ugh?! Argh?!"
*The second I make a move toward Lycoris, I am mowed down from the side. As her swing has more force than before, I am completely blown away.*
Shuma: "U-ugh...d-damn it!"
*It really hurts... I'm barely conscious and I don't think I can stand up anymore.*
Lycoris: "Whew. Do you really think such a childish trick works?"
Lycoris: "As long as you are near me, I don't need to take aim."
*I'm irritated by her teasing voice, but somehow turn my eyes toward Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Or is that small trick the best you can do, Shuma Embroche?"
Shuma: "...!"
*The vampire slowly walks toward me.*
*I knew it from the beginning, but I am helpless right now.*
Lycoris: "You caused unnecessary trouble. Now, be ready to give in."
*The tip of her big scythe shines brilliantly against the moon light.*
Aoi: "Lo-look there, he's in trouble! Oh no, why did I...!"
*Coming back to her senses, Aoi tries running to me, but clearly Lycoris' scythe will reach me much faster.*
*This happened not because I was worried about my honor or pride, but because I had baseless confidence I would be alright, which is nothing but an illusion.*
*How stupid I am that I can't realize it until it's too late...*
Lotus/???: "I keep telling you, you don't have enough life force. This reaction will cost you, Shuma."
*The strange voice again...*
Lycoris: "Well then, bye bye now!!"
Shuma: "!!"
*I automatically shut my eyes. The sound of slashing air remains in my ears.*
*Did I...die? Strangely I don't feel any pain.*
*But huh? I wasn't slashed? I can feel my hands and legs are securely connected.*
*When I nervously open my eyes, as if to protect me from Lycoris with the big scythe, there stands...*
*...one sword.*
Lycoris: "W-what is this sword? How did it get here...?"
*Lycoris is confused. But there is a problem requiring more attention.*
Shuma: "U...gh...uuuuurgh!!"
*Numbness like pain runs through my body. I cannot strain so it's hard to bear.*
*And above all, my consciousness goes...white.*
Lycoris: "What?!"
*Suddenly Lycoris steps back and maintains her distance from me. I'm already done for. Why is she so alarmed?*
*Huh? When did I stand up? I was humiliatingly down on the ground until a second ago, but now I hold a large sword and point it at Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "It doesn't look like you are...awakened. What are you, Shuma Embroche?"
*I am...me. I try to answer to Lycoris. But however much I try, my voice fails to come out and I momentarily panic.*
*While I'm doing so, my vision gets blurry. Then I sense I've moved at high speed.*
*Immediately after, I hold the sword as tall as Lycoris in one hand and make a sharp cut.*
*The loudest sound of clashing blades in this battle echoes through the darkness.*
Lycoris: "Ugh!!"
*So seems the impact of the sword. Lycoris succeeds in guarding herself from the blow, but her face shows agony.*
*My offense continues. Using the centrifugal force from my left swing, I turn around, then grip the sword with both hands. Then, I slash sideways at full strength.*
Lycoris: "That's not funny!!"
*If she faced the blow squarely, along with her scythe, her upper body and lower body would be torn apart without mistake.*
Lycoris: "Eeeeek!!
*As soon as Lycoris covers her head and crouches, the sword passes over her, the sound trailing the path of the sword.*
*The tips of her red locks that cannot escape in time are cut and fall to the ground. Suddenly the charismatic air around Lycoris is gone.*
Lycoris: "W-w-w-w-what kind of attack did you produce?! Are you going to kill me?!"
*Even while she's screaming, Lycoris never fails to maintain her distance.*
Lycoris: "I haven't heard he can enter into such a Berserker mode. What am I going to do with...this?"
*Lycoris is muttering to herself.*
*Can I overcome her right now? The idea comes to my mind but I cannot move my body as I want.*
*It seems...someone is taking over.*
Lycoris: "Daaaah! I can't do this any more! Now is the time to retreat...no, it's time to march forward! So Lycoris Radiata will calmly leave now!!"
Aoi: "Ah, wait...wait, Lycoris!!"
*As Lycoris disappears, Aoi who seems to have recovered quickly, chases after her.*
*I try to follow her but my body still doesn't move. Rather my body is heavy like lead and it is hard to keep standing.*
*Soon, Lycoris and Aoi are gone. Mari, Sakurako and I are left in the park.*
*Yes. Sakurako! What happened to Sakurako, who was turned into a familiar by Lycoris?!*
*I try running in a hurry to Sakurako, but my steps are slow and wobbly.*
Shuma: "Aw... Ugh..."
*Because the threat from Lycoris is gone, my tension must be relieved. Each step makes my body heavier.*
Lotus/???: "...Can't...take it...any mo... Get...life for...as fast...you..."
*The voice echoes in my head again. But it's intermittent and doesn't make sense."*
*The large sword in my hand is gone before I even realize it. And now I regain control of my body.*
Shuma: "Ugh...haa...hoo...haa..."
*As I become aware of these changes, it becomes difficult to breathe. My body heats up to the point of boiling and I feel dazed.*
*If I could, I would curse and complain that my body should be returned to me after the pain is gone, but I don't have time to spare for it.*
*I remember this burning hunger. I experienced it very recently.*
*The urge to suck blood.*
Mari: "Nmmm...oh, here...ah, Master!"
*Mari wakes up and runs to me like a puppy. Oh, she's a dog alright, but I'm glad she seems uninjured.*
*Now relieved, I begin to have a strong feeling for Mari...*
Mari: "Master, what happened to the tracker? Wooofff!"
Shuma: "*Bite*! *Slurp*..."
*I hold Mari's body with my arms and bite into her neck, paying no attention to anything else.*
Mari: "Ahahahah. I asked you not to do it without notice...wooffffff."
*Yum. Tasty. Delicious. These words swirl in my head. This is my second time to suck blood, but it's more wonderful than anything else.*
*Ah, I'm being filled up. I feel like nearly dead flowers in a dry garden after they are watered and are returning to life.*
Mari: "Woof...wooffffff. Master, aren't you done, yet...?"
*I hear Mari's sweet voice close to my ears.*
*Unintentionally, I embrace Mari tighter.*
*Not yet, not enough. More, more...*
Mari: "Ah ah ah...if you suck that much...I...I..."
Lotus/???: "Phew...it was so close. But it is too much to put this on Maritima alone. I knew this would happen...hmm."
*I don't care about the echoing voice in my head.*
*Right now, I just want to taste Mari's blood.*
*While thinking about this, I feel someone is behind me. But, where is Calen...?*
Shuma: "Arggggh?!"
Mari: "Master?"
*Suddenly, I feel suffocated. Like someone is choking me with both hands...oh.*
Sakurako: "Aww..."
*Sakurako?!*
Shuma: "*Gasp*!"
Mari: "W-what happened? Ah, Sakurako-san."
*I remove my mouth from Mari's throat and slowly take Sakurako's hands off my neck.*
*I couldn't do it when I didn't have enough life force. Now that I've sucked Mari's blood, I can easily resist Sakurako's power.*
Sakurako: "Hmmmmmph? Noooooooo!"
Shuma: "Don't resist, Sakurako."
*I grasp Sakurako's arms, who seems to be regressing into a child. I try to hold her down.*
*However, even if lower class, she's a vampire and has superhuman strength. If I remove my grip, she would immediately grab at me.*
Shuma: "So...what am I supposed to do with her?"
Mari: "*Haahaa*...hmm...I wonder, hmm."
*Mari has a blush in her cheeks and keeps fidgeting.*
*I sucked her blood without asking... Maybe nature is calling again.*
Shuma: "Well...Mari-san...if it's too hard to hold, I mean..."
Mari: "I asked you to tell me when you want to suck blood, didn't I? But you Master...hawww."
*Mari-san is angry. I'm sorry. I couldn't control myself.*
Shuma: "Leave this to me, so Mari, go now."
*To a restroom.*
Mari: "I understand. And I will find Calen-sama and bring her with me."
*The debutante is lost...*
Shuma: "Sorry, I must leave that to you. I'll keep watching Sakurako here."
*I see Mari off who is walking a little pigeon-toed.*
Sakurako: "Ahhhhh, awwwwww."
Shuma: "Hey, stop struggling."
*I hold Sakurako from behind and restrain her.*
*In front of me, appears her white neck...*
Shuma: "...*Gulp*."
*W-what am I...? Sakurako is my friend and...*
Sakurako: "Awwww, mmaaaah."
Shuma: "Sakurako...I'll definitely help you!"
*I shake my head to reset my consciousness that's almost carried away by the impulse and shift my thoughts to Sakurako.*
*But is there any way to turn a vampire back to a human?*
Lotus/???: "Do you want to help that girl, Shuma?"
Shuma: "?!"
*I hear the voice again. Now I can't ignore it as an auditory hallucination. It can't be like a fairy, can it? I'm too old for that.*
*But, is it really an auditory hallucination...or just my imagination?*
Shuma: "Who the hell are you? Why do you keep talking like this?"
*I make up my mind to voice my question. If I don't get any reaction, I'm just a weirdo.*
*I wait for the answer for a while. Then...here it comes!*
Lotus/???: "I see. It won't be too late to answer that after saving her. We don't have much time."
*If I believe the voice in my head, it seems I can save Sakurako.*
Shuma: "C-can I return her to human?"
*I stutter by accident but I can't help it. If Sakurako can go back to being a human, maybe I, too...*
Lotus/???: "I'm sorry to say, only familiars controlled by life force can go back to being human. But born vampires, and someone in a direct vampire blood line, cannot."
Shuma: "It's not going as easy as I'd like. But what do you mean that we don't have much time?"
Lotus/???: "You must be vaguely aware, but you don't have enough life force yet. As it is, the impulse will come back and you won't be able to make a calm judgment."
Lotus/???: "As she is a werewolf, Maritima's life force lacks affinity compared to humans' so it cannot be helped."
Shuma: "There are so many things I want to ask, but let me know how to return Sakurako back to being human first."
*The voice seems to be vampire related, so I can ask who he is later. Now Sakurako is more important.*
Lotus/???: "Yes. I am glad you grew up to be able to listen to reason."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Lotus/???: "No, nothing. It might be easy to understand if I explain that girl's condition is kind of like she was forced to wear a vampire bodysuit."
Shuma: "'Kind of'...?"
Lotus/???: "Well, it's tiresome to explain the control by way of life force from the beginning. So for the time being, it's alright if you understand what to do."
*He's become blunt. Well, it's better than him giving me a complicated explanation.*
Lotus/???: "So now, Shuma. Let's suck that girl's blood."
Shuma: "What?!"
*Sakurako's blood...I'm going to...*
Shuma: "I cannot do such a..."
Lotus/???: "If this is the only way you can save her?"
Shuma: "Ugh."
Sakurako: "Mmmmm, mmmmm."
*Sakurako wiggles her body as if flinching. She is like a restless child.*
*Once I let her go, she is going to attack me.*
Shuma: "Is there really no other way?"
Lotus/???: "Nope."
Shuma: "Sucking Sakurako's blood...won't leave an aftereffect on her, will it? If it's like she stops being controlled by Lycoris but now is controlled by me, then it's meaningless."
Lotus/???: "Hmm...you're considering this well. Do not worry. She will be turned back into a human for sure. As for an aftereffect...it will be only temporary."
Lotus/???: "To begin with, it's correct to say you suck out the life force making her a familiar rather than you suck her blood."
Shuma: "......"
*Once I suck all the life force causing this problem out of Sakurako, I can turn her back into human. And only a temporary aftereffect might appear.*
*If I believe everything this voice says...*
Shuma: "I understand."
Lotus/???: "Oh, do you believe me?"
Shuma: "One way or another, I remember getting advice from you and above all..."
Lotus/???: "Above all?"
Shuma: "I CAN'T BEAR IT!!"
Lotus/???: "Huh?"
*Cause, a yummy neck is flickering in front of my eyes! It's like I'm in limbo! Somehow I've restrained myself so far, but talking of sucking blood makes me conscious and all restraint is blown away!!!*
Lotus/???: "Haha! So young. Well, well, I'm glad you are healthy. Right, you just acquired a taste for blood, so no wonder you can't bear it any more...hee hee."
*It's annoying to have someone's laughter in my head.*
Lotus/???: "Phew... I haven't talked and laughed like this for a long time so I'm tired."
*How should I know that?*
Lotus/???: "Well, I'm going to sleep for now. I used too much life force. It's convenient for you too."
Shuma: "What...you talk and leave as you wish?"
Lotus/???: "Are you lonely?"
*No way. I have goosebumps hearing an older man's voice saying that to me.*
Shuma: "You didn't tell me who you are yet."
Lotus/???: "Please leave that to later days. Actually, I was too reckless this time. I'm using my life force to talk like this."
*Very close to the limit, so says the voice in my head. It's not cute enough to call it a fairy.*
*More than that, he said "reckless".*
Shuma: "Alright."
Lotus/???: "Really, I'm glad you're understanding."
*Why is this? He is a voice only, but I can imagine a great smile.*
Lotus/???: "Oh yes. It will be the first time for that girl so make sure to take care of her. Shuma, as you are now, unless you desire her too much, there won't be any issues."
Shuma: "Understood. I'll make sure not to suck too much."
*Mari is a werewolf so she is strong, but Sakurako is human. I have to be careful.*
Lotus/???: "Huh? Well, so be it. Then, Shuma. See you later."
*He says only what he wants to say, then the voice in my head is gone. Well, I don't know whether it's really gone or not.*
*For now, let's do what I can do.*
Sakurako: "Ooooooh, awwwww!!"
Shuma: "There..."
*I hold Sakurako as if I'm caressing a fretting child.*
Shuma: "Hang on, Sakurako. I'm going to turn you back to human."
*For that, I must suck her blood.*
*Sakurako's blood.*
*Now I have a reason to suck blood.*
Shuma: "No, no, I'm doing it for Sakurako!"
*I believe in you, fairy-san.*
Shuma: "Sakurako, get ready! ...*Mngh*!"
Sakurako: "Mm, mmm, mmmmmm!!"
*A taste of iron fills my mouth. At the same time, rich flavor...*
Shuma: "Ugh!! W-what is this taste..."
*It's far worse than I imagined.*
Shuma: "Yuck."
*Ew, what is this? I can't help feeling very disappointed as I expected a great taste.*
*Is this because she eats too much mayonnaise and has high cholesterol?*
*Like this, Mari's blood is far more delicious.*
Shuma: "No, wait..."
*What did the voice in my head say?*
Lotus/???: "It is correct to say you suck out life force making her a familiar rather than suck her blood."
*That means this is the taste of the life force controlling Sakurako as a familiar.*
Shuma: "So, once I suck all this yucky stuff out of her, Sakurako will go back to normal...ew, what a turn-off."
Sakurako: "Mmm, mmmmmmmm."
*Still, I can't give up.*
*I prepare myself and bury my fangs into her neck.*
Shuma: "*Slurp*."
Sakurako: "Aah, aaah, aaaaaahhhh."
*Indescribable taste fills my mouth.*
*Still, because this is life force after all, I feel energy or something lacking in my body getting replenished.*
*Sakurako's resistance gradually becomes weaker.*
*As long as I continue to suck this way, I can bring her back to being human.*
Sakurako: "Mmm, phew, ah, aaaahhh...!"
*Sakurako twists her body and moans.*
*Her cheeks are flushed and her reaction is somehow sensual.*
Sakurako: "Mmm, aaaaaahhhhh!!"
*This...sounds like she's having an orgasm. And...*
*...delicious. Sakurako's blood is delicious. This is young human girl's blood...eh?*
Sakurako: "Hoo, hoooo...hoo, hoo, hoooo...!"
*Before I know it, the taste of blood turns from indescribable to extra fine.*
*This is...human blood. Crap...this is way too dangerous.*
*Pulling myself together with all my will power, I slowly pull away from Sakurako.*
*If I kept biting her, I would suck her blood endlessly.*
Shuma: "Haaaa...phew...that was close."
*I can feel my body is filled with more life force than it's ever been.*
*Certainly, I completely sucked out all the life force subjugating Sakurako. I feel I sucked a little too much but...I hope it was within the margin of error.*
Shuma: "Sakurako, Sakurako..."
Sakurako: "Haa, haa, haa...Sh-Shuma?"
Shuma: "Yes, me. I'm glad...you are conscious. How do you feel? Aren't you tired? Like anemic?"
Sakurako: "Shuma... Here's Shuma...!"
Shuma: "Hmph, what is that?"
*She still looks light-headed, but she's coming to her senses.*
*I'm glad...really glad.*
Sakurako: "Shuma, mmm...Shumaaaaa!"
*Eh?*
Shuma: "H-hey, pull yourself together, Sakurako. What's wrong?! You don't look like yourself!"
Sakurako: "Mmm... I don't know, why like this..."
Sakurako: "But...hehe, Shumaaaaaa...!"
Shuma: "Still a vampire?"
*No, it can't be. I don't feel that nasty life force in Sakurako.*
Sakurako: "Mmm? Why am I...in Shuma's arms? Well, whatever! I'm so happy like this!"
*Is this a temporary aftereffect?!*
*Sure when I sucked Mari's blood, it brought unexpected effects, but Sakurako's reaction is more than that.*
Sakurako: "Shuma, something's wrong...with me...right there..."
Shuma: "Right there?! Where is it?"
Sakurako: "...Pussy!"
Shuma: "――――――"
*It's working too much... WTF?!*
Shuma: "Right, Mari is a werewolf. She must have a higher resistance than humans. Okay, I need to discuss this with the voice in my head...
Sakurako: "Shuma, when I look at your face...when you breathe on me...my pussy gets...wet."
*That fake fairy must have expected this. Well, surely I want to avoid being watched over in this situation.*
Sakurako: "Well, Shumaaa..."
Shuma: "W-what do you want????"
Sakurako: "He, hehe, hehehehehe!"
Shuma: "S-Sakurako?!"
*This is...really not good?!*
====================E-KYO01_03H_N.TXT====================
*...After the fact.*
Sakurako: "Haa...hoo...haa...t-tell me, Shuma."
Sakurako: "You know, this is not the time to ask but...Shuma, do you..."
*Is she trying to say, "Do you love me?"*
Sakurako: "Well, nope...nothing."
Shuma: "You said that much."
*But if she continues her question... But we made love already and it's not that I don't like her... Oh no, another thing to worry about!*
Sakurako: "Okay, okay. Really, nothing really. Just..."
Sakurako: "Hehehehehe... Shuma, thank you...!"
*After saying it, Sakurako becomes limp and falls over on me.*
Shuma: "H-hey, Sakurako?!"
Sakurako: "*Zzzzzzz*♪"
*Ah, such a carefree slumber. I wish I could fall asleep with her absent from my thoughts.*
Shuma: "......"
*Let's do thinking later. Do it at home. I just want to think about Sakurako now.*
*Oh...I can hear Mari's voice. Calen's voice, too. Ah, aaaaah...*
====================E-KYO01_04.TXT====================
*...After that.*
*In the living room back at home.*
Shuma: "I, I, aaaaaaahhh!!!"
Mari: "Hahaha. Master, you are so pure."
Calen: "I do not like this! Why was Sakurako-san chosen over me, the proper fiancee?!"
Mari: "I think first you'd better feel embarrassed about getting lost like a typical country bumpkin, Lady Calen."
Calen: "You have silenced me quite well."
Sakurako: "It's like, hahaha...like, you helped me."
Sakurako: "Don't worry! I don't mind it a bit!"
Shuma: "But still, really, I'm Sorry, Sakurakooooo."
Sakurako: "I-I'm the one who seduced you...and it felt good, so it's okay, yeah..."
Shuma: "Is your body alright, Sakurako?"
Sakurako: "Ah, yes, it's okay. Hmm, like, I feel much better than ever...or like, feel satisfied..."
Mari: "Your skin looks so silky..."
*Don't look at me, Mari.*
Mari: "Master's life force worked very well on you. You seem not to be suffering from the aftereffects of becoming a familiar. Hehehe."
*Don't grin, either.*
Mari: "Anyway, it's great, Master. With a stroke of luck, you've got a mistress!"
Shuma: "M-mistress..."
Mari: "It's not acceptable for the next progenitor to not have mistresses. You're a vampire, so it's even more unnatural if you don't have any. Understand, idiot."
Shuma: "Who's calling who an idiot, you useless maid?!"
*Again, they bring up ideas of a world I really don't know...*
Calen: "Then, what would you like to do, Shuma-san? *Fume*."
Shuma: "Are you doing it because you think you look cute? Shit, you do look super cute... Well, what are you talking about?"
Calen: "It is about Sakurako-san's memories. Would you rather keep her ignorant of us vampires? Even though I don't know why you would."
Shuma: "Oh, hmm, that..."
Sakurako: "You're incredible too, Calen. You brought Aoi into class against her will. That's like, really crazy."
Sakurako: "Either way I'm okay. I'm not interested in starting a rumor, but I understand that's how it is.”
Shuma: "Well then, please erase those memories."
Sakurako: "Roger."
Calen: "Now, Sakurako-san."
Sakurako: "Ah, Calen, wait."
Calen: "???"
Sakurako: "Please don't erase the memory of, you know what!"
Calen: "Hehe, you ask that to his fiancee? Well, it cannot be helped, I suppose."
*I leave Sakurako to Calen, and ask her to escort Sakurako back home.*
*But this is not the end.*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Now it's your turn. What am I going to do with you?"
Aoi: "That is my line. Why did you bring me here? Is it alright? You revealed your hideout."
*She called my house a "hideout".*
Shuma: "It seemed you knew that girl. I want to hear your story."
Aoi: "You guys are not the ones pulling the strings. As I thought, it's Iris Pumila. That progenitor is the culprit."
Mari: "Hmm, what do you mean?"
Aoi: "I arrived here about a month ago to look for an important suspect."
Aoi: "But around two weeks ago, I was attacked by an 'enemy'."
Shuma: "An enemy? Is there someone else?"
Aoi: "Don't you have a person in mind? *Hmph*."
Shuma: "No. That was before I was kidnapped to Racronia. I was just a human back then."
*That's not true. I am still just a human. Still in my mind.*
Aoi: "Well anyway, I was attacked. At that time, I lost sight of an associate."
Aoi: "Right, I came to this town with one of my associates."
Mari: "No way. Are there more besides you? How tiresome."
Aoi: "Don't worry. The number won't increase."
Aoi: "Her name is Lycoris. Lycoris Radiata. My best friend."
*Lycoris... She's that cosplay girl!*
Shuma: "W-why did she attack you...? Ah!"
Mari: "Oh my, I wonder if she fell victim?"
Aoi: "She probably has."
*Usually she has a stern expression on her face, but that expression becomes harsher with a grimace.*
*She is her best friend. Alright.*
Shuma: "Aoi. We should cooperate after all."
Aoi: "Huh? Why so suddenly?"
Shuma: "I'm her target. And she is your best friend."
Shuma: "Don't you think our interests match more clearly now?"
Aoi: "Well, sure."
Shuma: "Tell you the truth...if you refuse, two can play at that game."
Aoi: "Ugh...w-what do you mean?"
Mari: "Wow. That arrogance is just like vampires'. Master, well done."
*I don't feel happy if she praises me like that.*
Shuma: "Sakurako is the opposite sex, but my very important friend."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "If I hadn't escaped from Iris that time..."
Mari: "As I said, that is...!"
Aoi: "Understand. There's no other way!"
Aoi: "Honestly, I don't think I can deal with Lycoris by myself right now. It's frustrating."
Aoi: "But, when everything is done...your turn will be next."
Shuma: "Oh, hahaha. I'll keep that in mind."
*In this way, I won't get attacked by her for the time being...I hope.*
Mari: "Okay, O-kay-kay. Master's guidelines for action have now been decided. Well then, let's sum up the discussion."
Mari: "First, as a next generation progenitor, Master, you must suck as much blood as possible and awaken your vampire powers."
Shuma: "I heard that before."
Mari: "It's the basic of basics. You can't be out of life force and become weak like the last time."
Shuma: "Argh..."
*If I were strong, I wouldn't have let Lycoris escape.*
*At that time, my body became superhuman and moved regardless of my will. I may learn the reason if I ask the voice in my head about it.*
Aoi: "We already had victims. And those girls will attack you."
Mari: "As soon as you find them, suck their blood and turn them back to being human. How about that?"
Shuma: "Ah...probably right."
Mari: "Hehehe. If you find a favorite girl, you can make love and turn her into your mistress!"
Shuma: "I will not! Sakurako's case was an accident! An accident!"
Aoi: "In the end, isn't it better to eradicate vampires for society's sake? Are you gonna die now?"
Shuma: "W-we are supposed to cooperate."
*Her eyes are serious.*
Mari: "And, as soon as you find that tracker girl, you'll kick her butt! Then you'll find a way to release her!"
Mari: "Well, I think if you bite her, everything will be done. Although, I don't know if this hunter will allow it."
Aoi: "...Case by case."
*She's scary!*
Calen: "Well, well, you are having a rather serious conversation."
Shuma: "Oh, welcome back, Calen. And thank you for doing that."
Calen: "Not at all. Hehe, I like Sakurako-san. Rather, I would like to have her."
*Hey hey. She's joking, isn't she?*
Aoi: "*Sigh*. Vampire, your escape caused all this. You really did make trouble."
Calen: "That's not it. If Shuma-san falls under Lady Pumila's control and becomes awakened as a progenitor..."
Aoi: "What?"
Calen: "The balance kept among the three families will be tilted toward Pumila all at once. Even as we are now, we have the progenitor of the Embroche family still missing."
Calen: "And Lady Pumila is the figure who brought the fight against the whole world. Even though she has been keeping herself relatively quiet, she might stir up something again purely on a whim."
Shuma: "Seriously."
Aoi: "......"
Calen: "Progenitors are like that. I wish we could know the reason why she wants Shuma-san in her grip..."
Mari: "She won't tell us the reason so easily. The longer vampires live, the more perverse they become."
Mari: "Anyway, it was correct that you escaped that time. For the sake of the Embroche Family's revival."
*Still, I hardly have any recollections of my escape.*
Shuma: "Well, that is so for you, Mari...but how about you, Calen?"
Calen: "Me?"
Shuma: "Yeah. You came to me because of your family, didn't you? Then, you must have a plan or something like that in mind."
*If we consider it as a marriage of convenience, her family probably sent her here to compete with the Pumila Family.*
*In that case, her plan must involve a way our two families should become related to each other. Something like an absorption-type merger.*
Calen: "Well...I have nothing particular in mind."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Calen: "My father told me I must conceive your child so that the Embroche family line continues. That is it!"
Shuma: "Whaaaat?"
Mari: "That's exactly like the unshakable Officinalis. No wonder they live quietly at the edge of a small country while, in reality, they're powerful enough to control the world."
Calen: "I am not good at dealing with troublesome things."
*But if her family so decides, it's possible to conquer the world.*
*Now I realize that current peaceful days are built upon precariously thin ice and can be turned over at a handful of vampires' whims.*
*Vampires are such dangerous beings.*
Aoi: "*Hmph*. Vampires are indeed dangerous after all."
*It's understandable that an anti-vampire organization like Aoi's exists.*
*Still, to solve the present problems, I must use the vampire blood coursing through my body.*
Shuma: "Calen's purpose is...well, I know it now. Even though I haven't agreed to it yet."
Calen: "Shuma-san, you are unkind. You let me say such a thing."
Shuma: "E-er, we have priorities. I mean, things we must resolve before that, so..."
Calen: "It cannot be helped. I let you avoid the question with that excuse."
Shuma: "Phew...um, let's get back to the subject."
Mari: "You help people and LEVEL UP! That's it!"
Calen: "Oh, now you're talking about something like that."
Shuma: "Right, but I suck blood only from the victims in this case! I won't do something like wandering and attacking girls every night!"
Mari: "Eh? Why not? You should attack humans as you find them and suck their blood as much as you want."
Calen: "Rightfully so! Everything stems from Shuma-san's lack of power, so first you should quickly become a progenitor..."
Aoi: "If you do that, I'll hunt you."
Shuma: "Well. Defeat that cosplay girl! That is our goal for the time being."
Mari: "Yes."
Iris: "How is the Embroche?"
Lycoris: "Yes. I'm not sure if he's realized he is being targeted. He is very careless."
Iris: "How is his inclination to awaken as a progenitor? He swung around a large sword, if I remember correctly."
Lycoris: "Ooh, that's it! You didn't tell me that! What was that anyway? I was almost killed. Like, slaaaaaasssh."
Iris: "You are not dead."
Lycoris: "That is true but..."
Iris: "It is not as if your body was actually torn in two. If he is to be a progenitor, he must be capable of doing that much."
Lycoris: "I don't want to be splattered!!"
Iris: "Still, he called upon the large sword. What was Shuma Embroche like at that moment?"
Lycoris: "Ah...like, flash then bang! From there, swing and blade met like clang, then slash boom and scream!!! Something like that."
Iris: "......"
Lycoris: "Well..."
Iris: "You."
Lycoris: "Yes!"
Iris: "I will give you a new pawn. Use it and keep creating familiars. It seems Shuma Embroche lacks a sense of crisis."
Lycoris: "Roger! Shuma Embroche's choking face was a real masterpiece."
Iris: "Do not forget this purpose while playing with your new toy."
Lycoris: "Er...yes, of course not. Hahaha."
Iris: "......"
Lycoris: "*Tremble-tremble*."
Iris: "Fair enough. I am counting on you."
Lycoris: "Yes, sir!!"
Iris: "Hmph! This is more trouble than I expected. But still entertaining I suppose."
Iris: "So, you summoned that up. Embroche...your blood is indeed interesting."
====================E-KYO02_01.TXT====================
*Morning...*
*I used to be able to wake up more easily, but probably because of a side effect of being a vampire, I'm extremely sleepy in the morning.*
*I shake my heavy head and somehow manage to crawl out of bed.*
*I put on the chain necklace with the ring attached, then stretch.*
Shuma: "Hey, can you hear me?"
*................*
*He said he didn't have enough life force, so I thought I could hear him again after sucking Sakurako's blood. But my guess seems to be wrong.*
*I wanted to ask many things of that voice.*
Shuma: "Maybe it was an auditory hallucination... No, it couldn't be."
Calen: "*Zzzzzz*...!"
*It is because she is suffering from jet lag or being nocturnal that she's completely off guard in the morning.*
*I want to sleep, too, if I could.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen, if you don't wake up, your tea will get cold."
*Probably because I replenished my life force from Mari and Sakurako, I won't be taken over by the urge to suck blood, if I see Calen like this.*
*Unfortunately though, this condition will last for only a few more days. It seems that I waste my life force during my daily routine, but if I'm attacked like last night, I'll have to fight back.*
Mari: "Even if your urge is suppressed like that, look how careless Lady Calen is! Still, don't you feel anything?"
Shuma: "Eh? What?"
Mari: "See, Master. Her white shoulder, her shoulder. *Peek*."
Calen: "*Zzzzzz*..."
Shuma: "Eh? So what is it?"
Mari: "You ARE a man, aren't you?!"
Calen: "I say, Mari-san, your insolent manner of addressing your master and baring my shoulders makes us wonder if you indeed understand your position as a maid. Shall I snap my fingers?"
Mari: "She woke uuuuup."
*It's a lively day today.*
Shuma: "Hey, you're up. Now out of those clothes and into your school uniform. Get ready for school."
Calen: "Let us not care about small details.*Zzzzzz*..."
Shuma: "Wake up!"
*Since I became a vampire, I've discovered a few things.*
Shuma: "We are weak to sunlight, lose our strength if we don't suck blood..."
Shuma: "Prosperity?! How do vampires prosper this way?! It's an inconvenient life! No matter how strong vampires are, just living is such a hassle!"
Mari: "How many times do I have to tell you to make you understand? Once you become a progenitor, you won't be bothered by it."
Calen: "Gee. I shouldn't have transferred to this school. I am so sleepy."
Shuma: "If you stay living here, you'll have to get used to it. At least it's better than turning into ashes in the sunlight."
Calen: "It's so bright that it makes me more sleepy. *Yawn*."
Calen: "Still, this is very peaceful. Everyone is so carefree in spite of the threat that Lady Pumila might be closing in."
Shuma: "They don't know the existence of vampires so it can't be helped. Well, if nothing happens, that's better than anything else."
Mari: "No. Otherwise, Master, you'll have to attack girls."
Shuma: "Ugh, that's true but..."
Mari: "There, over there. Three girls with big boobs on their way to school together."
Shuma: "You know what, Calen?"
Mari: "Listen to me!"
*No. Who does such a pervy thing?*
Shuma: "For crying out loud, if you keep talking like an idiot, I'm really gonna suck your blood."
Mari: "Now you're getting it. Please suck it all you want. Right now!"
*Stop. Don't flash your neck like that.*
*I can take it now, but if she does it when the urge is strong, I won't be able to stop myself.*
Mari: "Hmm? This smell."
*Huh?*
Aoi: "Hello, I'm the vampire hunter."
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Close! A sharp blade just missing my f-f-face!!!*
Aoi: "Tsk."
Shuma: "We've formed an alliance, haven't we?!"
Aoi: "Well, I thought one less vampire is maybe for the better."
*I feel like I'm talking to an alien...*
Shuma: "Even so, don't swing your daggers on school campus!"
Sakurako: "You're in good spirits today, too."
Shuma: "Well, except for one of us..."
Calen: "Aoi-san? No, Aoi-chan?"
Aoi: "*Shiver-shiver-tremble-tremble*."
Calen: "Hehehehehe. For you Aoi-chan who is weak in the head, it is necessary to give a little punishment. Hehe, hahaha♪"
Shuma: "Anyway, I say peaceful."
*I check the state of Sakurako a little.*
*It seems Calen's brainwashing...no, I mean, reprocessing of those memories was a success and Sakurako doesn't remember about vampires.*
Sakurako: "Hey!"
Shuma: "H-hey. What's up?"
Sakurako: "Hehe, nooothing. Just I thought you're good looking today, like always."
Shuma: "Oh, thanks. You're noisy, cheerful and cute. If you don't open your mouth, your bishojo (beautiful girl) level will go up for sure."
Sakurako: "Haha, yay, I was praised by Shuma. Yay, haha♪"
*I feel she has somehow become dumber. But...that may be lucky for me.*
*After all that, it's impossible not to be conscious of her. Argh, this isn't good.*
*Ah, I've warped a part of the chair... It's really time to learn how to control my power.*
Mari: "After that, well, all the Embroche familiars were gone."
*Now it's lunch time. Our lunch group is a fixed party consisting of me, Mari, Calen and Aoi.*
*Sakurako has many friends, so she's sometimes with us, sometimes not.*
*When she's not, we can talk about complicated matters.*
Shuma: "Were there no other maids but you?"
Mari: "There were, but most of them were familiars. Only a few were left. I am, well..."
Shuma: "Well, what?"
Mari: "Er... see, a werewolf."
Shuma: "Is there a connection? Ah, surely your blood is less tasty than Sakurako's but..."
Mari: "It is said that pure human girls' blood is the most delicious. All vampires are gourmets and playboys."
Calen: "Oh dear, but please do not misunderstand. We do not drink blood every day."
Shuma: "Like an occasional special dish?"
Calen: "That's it."
Aoi: "Is it okay that I'm here...? Wouldn't it be better that I catch them right now, chop them up and line them up in public?"
*She's scaring me.*
Shuma: "I've been wondering about this, but why are you a hunter?"
Aoi: "Because it's my job."
Shuma: "At your age?"
Aoi: "I have my own reasons. Shut up! First of all, why do I have to eat lunch with you?!"
Shuma: "Because, like, you don't have any friends."
Aoi: "I do have a friend! Lycoris is my friend!"
Calen: "Hehehe. How do you feel now that your friend has become the tool of a vampire? Considering you're on the humans' side and a hunter from the Rubina. Are you thrilled?"
Aoi: "I really don't care!"
Shuma: "Well, we decided to cooperate so let's have lunch together at least."
Aoi: "I'll eat by myself."
Shuma: "I tell you what. If you're wrapped up in yourself so much, I'll make you listen to me."
Aoi: "W-what are you gonna do to me?"
Shuma: "First, I have a basement back home."
Aoi: "......~~~"
Mari: "She's a masochist!"
Aoi: "Nooooooo!! You, hang on! You're breaking the rules!"
Shuma: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Aoi: "Look, when you tell me something, my body responds by itself! You're not releasing some kooky wave like that woman over there, are you?!"
Shuma: "Eh, seriously?! But, I didn't realize it at all..."
Mari: "Come to think of it, you can hardly control your powers. You keep passively triggering them to attract the opposite sex. Maybe she's affected by it."
*Ah...the reactions of girls in class are very obvious.*
Calen: "Possibly Aoi-san, your body is easily mesmerized by the Embroche family."
Aoi: "Huh?! What's that? That's terrible. You mean if he orders me, there's no way to resist?!"
Shuma: "No no, if I had such a power to restrict you, I'd have kept you quiet a long time ago. I can't do it like Calen does."
*It goes only so far as girls becoming friendly with me. Aoi's automatic response to my words must be an extension of that.*
*She tried to cut me this morning and she's glaring at me right now, too.*
Aoi: "I can't agree with it, but I'll take it as it is for the time being."
Calen: "It is an issue that your powers are unstable. The fact that you cannot control them means you have been wasting your life force."
Shuma: "That's true. I broke a pen in class today again. I have to go to the school store and buy some as I don't have any more."
Mari: "The Embroche family's special ability is 'Boost', which heightens one's ability temporarily, so Master's superhuman strength is proof you succeeded His Lordship's power."
Shuma: "What is that? I've never heard of it. Like, if I had known that, it would have been advantageous when I was attacked by Lycoris."
Mari: "Who was useless because you had no life force?"
*Me.*
Shuma: "What about Calen's family?"
Calen: "We, the Officinalis, are good at mind control."
Shuma: "Ah...I can see that."
Aoi: "You are far above us in physical abilities. Now this, it's beyond cheating."
Mari: "Each family has their own specialties, so if you try hard, you should be able to control humans by only staring into their eyes, Master."
*What is that, the evil eye? My arm starts aching a little.*
Aoi: "......"
*Uh oh, a menacing look.*
Mari: "For your information, it is said that Lady Pumila is excellent at creating familiars."
Calen: "She uses her own life force and creates various familiars. She can produce millions of soldiers with her power, or so I've heard."
Shuma: "That's why she was able to start up a war all by herself..."
*They say when it comes to war, numbers are everything. So if she can do it solo, it's understandable.*
*This means as far as familiars are concerned, she can produce an unlimited number.*
*Then why did she turn Aoi's partner Lycoris into her familiar?*
Shuma: "If Iris becomes serious, will it be really dangerous?"
Mari: "Why are you saying that now, Master?"
Calen: "It is hard for me to tell what Lady Pumila has in her mind, but one thing for certain is..."
Mari: "When Lady Pumila comes in full force, it'll be absolutely, seriously dangerous!"
Shuma: "...*Gulp*."
*Surely the pressure I felt in the old castle was frighteningly impressive. Now that I've recognized my power as a vampire, I know it clearly.*
*That's why I don't understand. If she was serious, she could catch me so easily...*
Calen: "Oh dear, Mari-san. How dare you steal my line? Do you need to be punished?"
Mari: "Please don't snap your fingers?!"
Shuma: "You two are having such fun."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Huh? What's wrong, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Nothing... Us weak humans are always pushed around by the whims of vampires."
Shuma: "Ah, hey."
Aoi: "Talking is done, alright? I'll go now."
*After saying that, Aoi turns her back and walks away.*
*She seems to carry a heavy sorrow on her shoulders.*
Shuma: "The whims of vampires..."
*The reason Aoi is a hunter maybe...*
*I'm dizzy.*
*I must have had a bit too much sun. I feel heavy.*
Shuma: "Oh, the class bell. Stop fooling around. Time to go back."
Mari: "Ugh. I thought I could escape in the sun."
Calen: "Oh my. I am not like Shuma-san. The sun light like this does nothing to me. Only it makes me sleepy."
Mari: "Impressive, Lady Calen. You're different from that lame one who took the trouble to eat lunch on the rooftop in the sun and became tired."
Calen: "I am a direct descendant of the renowned Officinalis. I am perfectly able to manage my abilities."
Shuma: "You're kind of looking down on me, aren't you?"
*During lunch break, there are only a few places we can keep to ourselves. So I had to make do.*
*I was in the shade as much as possible though.*
*Now it's after school.*
Aoi: "Again, a day like a nightmare."
Shuma: "Are you alright, Aoi? So, don't you think it's time to stop attacking me?"
*She tried to assault me during every break.*
*And each time, she was corrected by Calen.*
Aoi: "Shut up, moron. Waagh."
*Aoi flees!*
Calen: "Oh dear, you're trying to escape. Are you planning a surprise attack again? Hehehehe."
*But the enemy blocks the way! Aoi cannot flee!*
Aoi: "*Tremble*..."
Shuma: "You really can't win against Calen..."
*Calen's mind control seems to be way more effective than my mesmerization.*
Mari: "But after all is said and done, Aoi-san is a pretty fun person."
Aoi: "What? Don't act like my friends. In the course of events, we just happened to have an alliance."
Shuma: "Yes, we are in an alliance, so stop trying to attack me."
Aoi: "But you leave yourself open to attack. You're lacking the spirit of being always on the battlefield?"
*I'm a modern-day child.*
Calen: "Well, I do not care whatever it is. I have a date with Sakurako so I will excuse myself now!"
Sakurako: "Bye!"
*Really close these two.*
Mari: "Master, you will come with me to shop for dinner. Here, we're leaving, bag carrier."
Shuma: "You should look up 'Master' in the dictionary sometime. I don't think your definition is in there."
Aoi: "Why did they stop me?! Why are vampires so freewheeling?!"
Aoi: "...*Sigh*. Thanks to you, I've been so distracted. You're causing me real trouble."
Shuma: "Don't say that. You've helped me a lot since you came to our side."
Aoi: "What's that? I haven't done anything."
Shuma: "You give us opinions from a human perspective which helps to maintain a balance."
Aoi: "I really don't understand your thoughts."
Shuma: "Maybe so. Actually, I don't understand much, either."
*Aoi takes a step forward.*
Aoi: "Well, now I leave you. I have a job."
Shuma: "A job? Are you going to look for Lycoris? In that case, I..."
Aoi: "We are cooperating, but I don't mean to fraternize with you."
*Aoi shuts down my suggestion.*
Aoi: "Oh, right."
*Aoi walks back after taking a few more steps.*
Aoi: "Here."
*So Aoi says and presents her mobile to me.*
Aoi: "My contact number."
Shuma: "...Eh, is it okay?"
Aoi: "We're going to work together, aren't we? It's not much to exchange numbers. Also in case of an emergency...right?"
Aoi: "And it's awkward to do it in front of that bat woman. What? Don't you want to do it?"
Shuma: "Of course I do! Hold on a sec. My...here you go!"
Aoi: "Mmm."
Aoi: "D-don't send me weird mails."
*It seems...I'm not totally untrusted.*
Mari: "You grinning... Are you happy to have a contact number from that woman? You were like 'whatever' when I gave you my number!"
Shuma: "You're always with me. Surprisingly you're always by my side."
Mari: "I'm a maid and have a promise to keep..."
Shuma: "A promise?"
Mari: "I'll go and get my wallet so please wait for me here."
Shuma: "H-hey."
*Without answering my question, Mari goes inside the house.*
*The reason Mari takes care of me as a maid... There seems to be something else besides the revival of the Embroche family.*
*Well, she seemed not to answer, so I won't press her any more.*
Shuma: "Oh?"
Kaede: "Ah."
*A girl comes out from the house which is diagonally opposite mine.*
Shuma: "Hey, Kaede!"
Kaede: "Hello, Big Brother. Long time no see."
*Well, the girl, whose softness around her is impressive, walks in small steps toward me and greets me with a smile.*
Shuma: "Haha, it hasn't been that long a time, as we are neighbors."
Kaede: "Hmm. But about two weeks? You went abroad and I wasn't feeling good."
*Come to think of it, during the time between Iris' kidnapping and my returning home, I was supposed to have visited my father's family.*
Shuma: "Eh, is that right? Did you catch a cold?"
Kaede: "Yes. I was in bed for four days or so."
Shuma: "What? If your mother had let me know, I'd have come to see you. Are you alright now?"
Kaede: "Yes. I went to school today and now I see my Big Brother so I'm healthier."
Shuma: "Hahaha. Kaede, you're cute today, too."
*Kaede Oomine. She's my kouhai (junior student) living in the neighborhood.*
*I don't remember when, but since her family moved in, we've gotten along like this as neighbors.*
Lotus/???: "......"
*Eh? I've just had a wicked thought.*
Mari: "...Big Brother, you said?"
Shuma: "Oh, Mari."
Kaede: "Ah, Mari-chan. Hello."
Mari: "Yes, hello. And..."
Kaede: "Er...senpai (senior student) is not it. Big Brother is my Big Brother, so Big Brother."
Shuma: "Oh, you know each other."
Mari: "Well, I'm the one taking care of the house right now."
Kaede: "Yes. I greet her sometimes."
Shuma: "Then why didn't you tell me that? If you like, let's have dinner together sometime."
Mari: "...I don't mind."
*After that, we head to the shopping street to buy groceries.*
*Kaede follows us. She has the same purpose in mind.*
Shuma: "Come to think of it, Mari, it's kind of late to ask this, but how can you keep up with classes in Japan? You were always in Racronia before this, weren't you?"
Mari: "That is true."
Kaede: "Ah, that is so. Mari-chan is an international student, right? I thought you were good at speaking Japanese when I first met you."
Mari: "That's because I needed it to take care of this one."
*I'm used to it. Yeah, I'm used to it.*
Mari: "And I cleared the Japanese educational level long ago."
Shuma: "Right! Kaede, can you believe it? She, like this, has good grades. Usually she looks like nothing but a stupid maid."
Mari: "I don't want to be told that by you, Master. Like Master, Lady Calen, Sakurako-san..."
Mari: "I have only idiots around me, damn it!"
Shuma: "Hey, you. You can't put me next to Sakurako."
*Aoi looks kinda stupid. Calen is, like, disappointing.*
Shuma: "Ah, we have only idiots."
Mari: "Look who's talking!"
Shuma: "Tonight's dinner is all onions."
Mari: "I-I-I don't succumb to a threat like th―*hiss*."
*You're not consistent, dog.*
Kaede: "Wow, Mari-chan, you're so close with my Big Brother."
Mari: "Kaede-san, you yourself are very close with Big Brother, right?"
Kaede: "Ah, hahaha, well...maybe I should not have come with you."
Mari: "Oh, n-no! That's not it but...*frustrated*."
*...Now is the time to change the subject.*
Shuma: "Oh, you know, Mari. Kaede belongs to biology club at school."
Mari: "Biology club?"
Kaede: "Right! It's a club where we keep animals and have fun with them."
Shuma: "How about you joining and being kept as a pet?"
Mari: "Will I be sold?!"
Kaede: "We buy dog food with the club's expense account, so we have a lot of good ones."
Mari: "...*Fidgeting*..."
*She reveals her tail so I squeeze it.*
Mari: "*Squeal*! Stop doing that, Master! You're naughty...!"
Shuma: "Then don't show your ears and tail in public! Kaede will find out!"
Kaede: "Ah, a sparrow. Sparrow-san, you're cute!"
*Right, this girl is like this.*
Lotus/???: "Lovely..."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Lotus/???: "......"
*Is it my imagination? I thought I heard the voice in my head just now.*
Mari: "...*Fidgeting*..."
*Mari shows her tail again so I squeeze it.*
Mari: "Aah, mmmaaaahhmmm!!"
Shuma: "What are you this time? A sparrow?! Oh, you're a cat after all!"
Mari: "I'm a dog, bow wow!"
*She doesn't have the pride of wolves.*
*Still, it's so peaceful. Now it's after 5 pm and unimaginable that vampires are active behind the scenes in this town.*
*When I think about the reality that Lycoris is increasing the number of victims right now...*
Lycoris: "Urgh, aww, I spread it a little too much. I'm so exhausted."
Shuma: "Ah."
Mari: "Ah."
Kaede: "?"
Lycoris: "*Stomach growling*, Master Pumila works her familiars too hard. Thanks to her, all my life force is gone and empty! Starving, life force, life force, young girls' life force, so hungry."
Lycoris: "For the previous reason, now is evening, the time of meeting evil, so I'll make a full effort to collect life force! And I bring it out right here! A raffle kit!"
*She's up to something. She's pitching a tent.*
Lycoris: "Er, welcome, welcome. We're having a shopping street special raffle campaign. One receipt from the shops for one draw!"
Lycoris: "The luxurious 1st prize is two travel tickets to Racronia in Eastern Europe!"
*As soon as the tent is ready, she starts the raffle. I can't believe she's wearing that.*
Mari: "Won't you be arrested if you do that without a permit?"
Shuma: "Or a street person with a scar on his face might show up."
Kaede: "Wow. I have a receipt. I'm gonna draw it."
Lycoris: "Okay, young lady, one receipt. Draw now! Wow! You won! You've got two tickets to Racronia!"
Kaede: "Yay!"
*I'm gonna make a call.*
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi, I found Lycoris."
Aoi: "If I do it, I gotta do it all the waaaaaaay."
Lycoris: "Waaaaaaah, where did you spring out from?"
Aoi: "I'll go anywhere as long as Lycoris is there."
Lycoris: "Her love is so heavy?!"
*Hey hey. Like her showing up within a second of my call and starting a fight in public, there are so many holes I want to poke.*
Kaede: "Whoaaaaa."
*Isn't Aoi forgetting there are people close by?*
Shuma: "Kaede!"
Kaede: "Bi-Big Brother, aaaaaah!"
*I run to Kaede who's stunned and sweep her up like a princess.*
Kaede: "A-amazing... You are strong."
*Ignoring Kaede, who states a slightly off impression of the event in her slow voice, I leave Aoi and Lycoris' battle zone with her.*
Kaede: "Heeyaaaaaaah?!"
Mari: "Master, Kaede-san, are you alright?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Can you stand, Kaede?"
*I run as far as Mari and slowly put Kaede down on the ground.*
Kaede: "Ah...yes. I'm okay."
*Her eyes seem to have a little difficulty focusing, but she is not injured. I sigh in relief.*
*Let's see, what happens to Aoi and Lycoris?*
Lycoris: "Aww, I'm so hungry that I don't have the strength. Tsk, I'll let you go for now. Cheerios!"
Aoi: "Wait, Lycoris!"
*Lycoris retreats unceremoniously.*
*What did she want to do? Well, at least I know she tried to gather life force.*
*Was she so exhausted from the previous fight?*
*As we draw attention to ourselves, we leave the shopping street quickly and take a break at a nearby park.*
Aoi: "I let her go..."
Shuma: "You rushed too much. It's not like nobody else was around, you did it in the evening on a shopping street... We didn't have Calen, either."
Mari: "This is another example of the Rubina bunch. They should take after good-grades, brilliant-mind Maritima-chan."
Aoi: "Shut up, shut up! I prevented her from collecting life force, so it's fine!"
Kaede: "Big Brother, okay? Nothing wrong?"
Shuma: "Eh? Yeah, I'm okay. But, how about you, Kaede?"
Kaede: "I'm fine. But..."
Kaede: "What are you and everybody doing?"
*Damn...*
Shuma: "Er, that is..."
Mari: "......"
*If Calen were here, she would solve this instantly.*
Aoi: "That person in weird clothes is from the country called Racronia, where Mari is also from. Your brother, Shuma Kusanagi's father is from Racronia too."
Kaede: "Er..."
Aoi: "I heard a lot of stuff happens over there, like family trouble. Your big brother seems to have been born into a wealthy family."
Kaede: "I-is that so?"
Aoi: "But don't worry. This girl, Mari, and another girl came from Racronia to protect him."
Kaede: "Calen-san, is it? She's living with him. And you are..."
Aoi: "Me? Yes, I'm something like that, too. So you don't need to worry about your brother."
Kaede: "Well..."
Kaede: "I'm not a child."
Aoi: "Eh? A-ah, sorry, sorry! You called him 'Big Brother' so naturally...uh, ah, look here, you're in school uniform! I'm sorry I didn't notice it!"
Kaede: "N-no, it's alright, I mean, I'm used to being mistaken for a younger girl."
Kaede: "Thank you very much!"
Aoi: "Ah...o-okay."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "W-what? Your grinning face is so creepy."
Shuma: "You're terrible."
*It's just, witnessing an unknown side of Aoi brings a smile to my face.*
*Aoi turns away from me and walks to a park exit.*
Mari: "Ah, I forgot to buy meat."
Shuma: "You forgot the important thing. Well, I didn't notice it so it's my fault too... Let's go back and buy some."
Mari: "Ah, I'll go by myself. So here, Master."
*She pushes plastic bags on me.*
Mari: "Please go home with Kaede-san."
Shuma: "Ah, hey...really, she can't be helped. Let's go home, Kaede."
Kaede: "Mm. Big Brother."
*Exchanging few words, I walk home with Kaede.*
*I feel Kaede's gaze occasionally, but I don't know how to explain it to her. All I can do is look straight and continue walking in silence.*
Calen: "Ah, Shuma-san, welcome home. Where is Mari-san?"
Shuma: "She forgot to buy something and went right back to the market. So, Calen..."
*I don't care about it, but there are many boxes at the entrance. What are they?*
Shuma: "Oh, international shipment."
Calen: "These are my goods sent from Racronia..."
Shuma: "Oh, now I remember you said your things would arrive today."
Calen: "I left the moving in of the furniture to the movers but other than that, I cannot push them in blindly."
Shuma: "Right. You must do that while you check the contents."
Calen: "Still, I wonder why our maids are not smart? They packed so many heavy things. Really, those maids from the Rubina..."
*Why does the Rubina come in? Oh, about those her family turned into familiars...*
Calen: "It's easy to do this much with a vampire's power but...for that I must use my life force, which I cannot waste, considering I have no way to replenish it right now. *Glance glance*."
Shuma: "Okay, okay. Now it's my turn! Leave it to me, Calen!"
*Usually, I'm so useless, so now is the time to show my manly spirit!*
Shuma: "...*Aaugh*..."
Calen: "I wonder if I should reconsider being his fiancee."
Shuma: "Ah, so-sorry. Back, my back hurts...!"
Calen: "Good-for-nothing, you!"
Shuma: "It can't be helped. It's bad enough I was under the sun for a whole day, and now this. I have to take a break and pull together my strength!"
*After becoming a vampire, the way power is delivered is completely different from a human, so I still cannot control it.*
Calen: "Shuma-san? Vampires are about using life force. The Embroche characteristic is 'Boost'. Can you bring up your power?"
Shuma: "Ah, you are right."
*It would have been impossible for the original me to lift up Kaede and run as I did. That was probably a benefit of the life force.*
*Until now, I did it unconsciously. But doing it consciously, hmm...*
*In my head, I create an image of the life force, which I can somehow sense, circulating around my body. Then, here we go.*
Shuma: "O-oh, light, light!"
*A heavy cardboard box has become as light as a feather. Truth is, my physical strength has simply increased.*
Calen: "As one would expect from the descendant of the Embroche."
Shuma: "Haha, like this, I can carry everything so easily... Oh no, this is seriously exhausting."
*I can feel my life force gradually decreasing.*
Calen: "Your use of life force is still inconsistent. Your life force has been wasted unnecessarily."
Shuma: "You say that but... Don't you have any tips?"
Calen: "Tips..."
*As if to say "hmm", Calen tilts her head to the side in a cute kind of way.*
*Argh, I can feel my life force decreasing right this very moment. Can I put the box down for the time being?*
Calen: "Pump up your fighting spirit!"
Shuma: "Is this a sport or something?!"
Shuma: "Shoot, I should have kept moving boxes during this stupid talk."
Calen: "You can do it!"
Shuma: "Well Calen, you're good at handling life force, so can you do this better than me...?"
*If I remember correctly, each family has their own specialty, but still they can do the same kind of things.*
Calen: "Then, tomorrow, I am going to have Sakurako-san's blood..."
Shuma: "Here we go...!"
*I understand I'm selfish, but I don't want her sucking all the blood she can bear around me.*
Shuma: "Phew... Still so many to go."
*Backed by Calen's cheer, I carry boxes and make several round tips. But there are so many boxes, that I've hardly moved half of the ones inside.*
*Well, what am I going to do? If I continue consuming my life force like this, I won't say it'll be barely sufficient, but it will be used up to the point of making me suffer from "the urge".*
*Then, again, I'll lose my consciousness and end up looking for blood. I don't want that.*
Calen: "Oh dear. You are having a hard time."
Shuma: "Normally, this is more than one person's job."
*I'm boosting my strength so somehow I can manage it, but these boxes are extraordinarily heavy. What's inside, anyway?*
Calen: "If you would like blood, please!"
*Calen lifts her hair up and reveals her white nape.*
*I am almost drawn to it, but I can stop myself as the urge isn't that strong yet.*
Shuma: "If I suck your life force, you will get weak."
*If Calen wants to suck blood because I drain hers, it will be meaningless.*
Calen: "In that case, would you please give your life force to me, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Eh? Does it mean you're going to suck my blood?"
Calen: "No. That would be appealing but in this case, Shuma-san, you will pour your life force into me."
Shuma: "Well...I can't see the difference."
Calen: "Right now, you tend to waste your life force as you cannot manage it so well. So, do you think it's more efficient that you would give me your life force rather than you use it wastefully?"
Shuma: "K-kind of see that."
Calen: "That way, I can move all these boxes by myself without consuming my own life force."
Calen: "First of all, the Embroche family's 'Boost' is suited for transfer... Well, did you not hear this from Mari-san?"
Shuma: "...I didn't. I've learned only recently we're good at 'boosting'."
*You no-good dog. You never tell me the most important things.*
*How about that voice in my head? Isn't it the right time to talk? Yet it doesn't after all. I wonder what it was, really.*
Shuma: "So what do I need to do to transfer my life force?"
Calen: "Please bite me."
Shuma: "Eh? But..."
Calen: "Of course, that's not it. It is important to have a strong image of not sucking my life force, but rather transferring your life force to me."
*Ah, as I thought, images or that kind of feeling is crucial.*
*Like pumping up your fighting spirit, vampires really do live by their senses.*
Shuma: "Huh? Is it different from control? I thought giving your life force means that you create familiars."
*Calen will be my...*
Calen: "Well, Shuma-san, you are beginning to have good understanding of its characteristics. Yes, familiars are controlled by their master's life force."
Calen: "However, if I were given your life force, I would not become your familiar. There are several elements for it..."
Calen: "The general method of creating a familiar is, while taking in the other's life force, you send in yours and color the other with your own."
Calen: "In my case, I have more capacity than you, Shuma-san. So, if you would like to color mine with your own, you must devote yourself more to being a vampire!"
*Ugh. No, she didn't flatter me.*
Calen: "Also, life force has a quality. Your current life force does not have a good enough quality to alter others' bodies."
Shuma: "...It's not that I want familiars."
Calen: "It's natural for you, Shuma-san to have one or even ten human familiars as you are to be a progenitor."
Shuma: "Just as I said, I don't need familiars."
*I vehemently deny it.*
*It's impossible for me to control others for the rest of my life.*
Calen: "It would be alright as it is now."
*She means more than she expressed it seems, but even if I explain my feelings, Calen won't understand it as she's a vampire.*
Shuma: "Oh, I have to move in the goods."
*I've stopped too long.*
Calen: "What would you like to do? As for me, with your permission, it will not be difficult to find someone to suck blood from... I say Sakurako-san...*slurp*."
Shuma: "Please restrain yourself."
*She's right. As long as I've been asking Calen not to suck blood, I cannot be selfish about a small thing like this.*
*Anyway, at this point, there's no other way but to suck Calen's blood.*
Shuma: "Then, Calen."
Calen: "Of course. Hehehe...please serve yourself!"
Shuma: "Calen's blood..."
Calen: "Well, well? You look very interested. Hehe."
Shuma: "To tell you the truth, very much!"
Calen: "It will be less tasty than human's, I suppose."
Calen: "As long as it's a small amount, I do not care if you suck my blood. However, remember the purpose is to send in your life force."
Shuma: "O-okay."
Calen: "Hehe...don't be so nervous. Please bite into me to start."
*Calen reveals her shoulder.*
*Her skin is white and looks exactly like a lady's.*
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "*Staaaare*."
Shuma: "Looks yummy."
Shuma: "What? What am I doing?! Calen, what have you done?!"
Calen: "I simply made you a little honest♪ Here, bite me now!"
Shuma: "...Well, then I will."
*I slowly put my mouth on Calen's exposed shoulder.*
*Into her skin, I stick my fangs which I'm now completely used to.*
Calen: "Mmm...!"
*Calen twists her body from pain. She releases a sensual moan.*
*This is a sound so unfit for the entrance, I think.*
*Taste of blood fills my mouth. I'm impressed with the elegant taste which is different from Mari's or Sakurako's.*
Calen: "W-well, how shall I explain...the image? As if to blow on...? Like that, please give me your life force..."
Calen: "You cannot suck my blood too much, can you? Have an image that connects you and I...with life force...mmm, aaahh...!"
*Calen is explaining something in a nasally voice, but I have no time for it.*
Calen: "Mmm...ah, aaah, aah...Shuma-san is...inside me...!"
*Why is Calen's voice so sexy?!*
Shuma: "Mmm...!"
*Having sucked Calen's blood is accidental, but I instantly become crazy about it. The taste of Calen's blood.*
*...Delicious. She says it's less tasty than human's but it's really satsifying.*
Calen: "...Aah, aah mmm!"
Calen: "You're sucking too much!!"
*What?!*
Shuma: "Phew! Oh no, it was so tasty I sucked it by mistake."
Calen: "You're just saying that!!"
Shuma: "I'm satisfied. Well Calen, I tried and sent my life force into you. Even though I sucked your blood a little."
Calen: "Really, you gave me your life force, Shuma-san. But if I subtract the life force you sucked from me, it will amount to only a slight gain."
Shuma: "Honestly I'm sorry. Your blood was super delicious!!"
Calen: "Good grief, you fooooooool..."
*Calen's face shows ecstasy. Her waist is pushed out limply as she leans against the boxes.*
Shuma: "H-hey, Calen? Are you alright?"
Calen: "Because...hehe, it was my first time to be bitten by a gentleman, I see what it's like..."
*Argh... She keeps delivering strangely embarrassing lines...*
Shuma: "A-and, how is the effect?"
Calen: "Yes, perfect! I must say this is the Embroche life force I expected. I am filled up with energy!"
*Calen pumps herself up. Thinking about it, the Embroche family is good at boosting, isn't it?*
*Probably, because of it, I succeeded on the first try.*
Calen: "Aahh, but for some reason, I feel I'm embraced by Shuma-san from the inside, mmm."
*As soon as she pumps herself up, she becomes listless. She's slightly pigeon-toed and fidgeting.*
*Calen-san, you look really sexy.*
Calen: "Mmm, I didn't know the exchange of life force could be this sweet."
Shuma: "No, I gave way to the temptation and sucked her blood only a little, and now this..."
Calen: "Aaaaahhh, I cannot gather my strength. With this life force poured in, I am full of energy but..."
Shuma: "Hey, are you alright, Calen?! This is the doorway!"
Calen: "I'm becoming weak...I will be floppy for some time..."
*Calen wiggles her body.*
*Her cheeks become pink... This, she's aroused for sure.*
*I put my arms around her waist to support her.*
Calen: "Ah...please do not... If you stimulate me like that, my body will twitch."
Shuma: "You say so, but it's better to lie down on the sofa. Here, I'm gonna carry you."
Calen: "Mmmaaahhhh, noooah, if you hold me now...Shuma-san...mmm!!!"
**Twitch-twitch-twitch*!!*
Shuma: "EEEEH?!"
*Suddenly Calen's body throbs... Could it be...?*
Shuma: "Did you cum?"
Calen: "~~~~~~!!"
**Pow, pow, pow*.*
*Pressing her face against me to hide her facial expression, she hits my chest. What's this? Too cute.*
*Anyway, my life force works too well.*
Calen: "Arrrgh, I feel so ashamed!!"
*She said "Arrrgh".*
Calen: "Uuuuh. Shuma-san, I took the strength of your life force ever so gently. Just as one expects from the next progenitor, you are such a lady killer."
Shuma: "Like, I'm sorry. There, can you stand up?"
Calen: "...Yes. Thank y... Oh, no...why suddenly...aahh."
*A slightly upset Calen, who takes my hand and is about to stand up, suddenly panics.*
*Calen's pink cheeks turn completely red and her legs are trembling.*
*Ah, I just got it.*
Calen: "No...no...p-pee, passing water in a place like this..."
Shuma: "Just as I thought!"
Shuma: "Hold on, Calen. I'll carry you to the toilet. Right, panties! Pull down your panties! Take them off!"
Calen: "Pervert is here...!"
Shuma: "No, no. Calm down and think about it. It's more pervy to do it with them on!"
*I learned this lesson from Mari's case.*
Calen: "I am not good at thinking about small details."
*Calen is in a panic?!*
Calen: "Ah..."
*Calen releases a sigh of resignation.*
*Then...*
Calen: "Ah, ah, aah, aah, aaah, aaahhhh..."
Calen: "Aaaahhh ughhhhhhhh...!"
*As her body shakes, she passes water.*
*She still has her panties on.*
Calen: "Ugh, uhaaaaah...I'm soiling myself...!"
Calen: "I, of all, a daughter of the Officinalis...such a disgrace..."
*Gradually, Calen's body loses its strength.*
Calen: "Phew. Aaaahh..."
*By the time it all comes out, Calen leans on me as if she's completely given up.*
Calen: "......"
Calen: "From now on, sucking my blood is forbidden."
Shuma: "As you wish, my lady."
Calen: "Ah, if you insist you must! Well...let me prepare first!"
Shuma: "I'll go and get something to wipe with."
Calen: "The gravest blunder of my life!"
Calen: "These boxes are nothing! Hey, hey, oi, oi!"
Shuma: "My lady, language, your language!"
*Almost desperately, Calen grabs at a box nearly tackling it.*
Calen: "Here we go!!"
*To my surprise, she lifts up the heavy box with one hand!*
Shuma: "Wow, it works great!"
Calen: "This is the effect of the Embroche family life force. I've never felt so much energy within me. Like this, I can easily carry as many boxes as I wish!"
Calen: "I will keep moving everything in. I say, do not take us Officinalis lightly!"
Shuma: "O-oh!"
*To hide her embarrassment and also partially from desperation, Calen starts moving boxes in good spirit.*
*...But I see. I can power up anybody by injecting my life force.*
*The effect of the Embroche family blood, in other words, of my blood can be useful in my time of need...*
Shuma: "Hold on. I became a vampire, but I am human."
Calen: "Oh, is something the matter, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Nothing, really."
*I pick one up from a now much smaller pile of boxes to evade her question.*
Calen: "Do not worry, Shuma-san. Leave the rest to me. It was hard for you before. Now that you have less life force it will be more difficult."
Shuma: "I don't like to make a girl work by herself. Don't worry. Thanks to you, Calen, I have less work now. I really appreciate it."
Calen: "Really, Shuma-san."
*And we resume our work.*
*The hallway, which smells slightly like Calen's pee, is cleared from boxes in ten minutes or so.*
*Now it is night.*
*I am wandering around the streets with Mari.*
Shuma: "*Aaugh*."
Mari: "For crying out loud, you look so pathetic. Please be ready and steady, ready and steady! Master, you're the one who suggested this."
Shuma: "Ah, that is true but..."
*After sunset, I lay down on the bed to sleep but sleepiness never comes over me.*
*While I force myself to sleep, even though I can't help thinking vampires are nocturnal after all, a thought of Lycoris passes through my mind.*
*Night is the time for vampires. That means Lycoris must be active. I let her escape yet again this evening.*
*When I start thinking this, I cannot stay still.*
Shuma: "You don't need to come with me."
Mari: "What are you saying? You look sluggish like that. What are you gonna do if you get exhausted again from the shortage of life force?"
Mari: "Please don't say something like that unless you're able to suck human blood without hesitation."
Shuma: "...Yes."
*I can't argue against Mari. Realistically, even if I meet Lycoris, I don't think I can fight well.*
*The reason I'm doing this is nothing but self-satisfaction.*
*I cannot be happily asleep as I know a totally unknown somebody might get attacked because of me.*
Mari: "Anyway, it is wonderful that you're able to transfer your life force now. There are many ways to use it."
Shuma: "...Right."
*Normal human beings cannot do that kind of thing.*
*But I can, because I'm a vampire...*
Mari: "How was Lady Calen's blood?"
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
*I remember a red-faced, trembling Calen. That wasn't fair.*
Mari: "More than mine and Lady Calen's, isn't pure human blood more delicious?"
Shuma: "No, that's not it. Anyway, the only human blood I've sucked is Sakurako's. It can't be."
*It was sure tasty. But Sakurako's blood is the best? No, it's not.*
Mari: "Then, Master, whose blood do you wanna suck most now?"
Lotus/???: "Kaede-chan."
Shuma: "Kaede."
Mari: "Eh...?"
Shuma: "What?"
*She's totally turned off. Yeah, I've turned myself off completely too.*
*By the way, I heard something. Hey, voice in my head! You haven't been controlling my body, have you?*
*Seriously, so much comes to mind.*
Shuma: "Ah, no, never! I cannot prey on a girl like Kaede who is so simple, honest and cute. I can't help being protective of her!"
Mari: "How much do you like Kaede-san, anyway? Ah, but His Lordship favored women like her, when I think about it... Blood, I guess."
Shuma: "Hey, why are you looking at me like that? I won't. I'll never."
Mari: "Aah, Big Brother, it hurts, it feels good! Bite more, Kaede's sensitive place!"
Shuma: "Listen to me, please!"
*Good grief. She exposed my father's sexual tastes. True, my mother looked young for her age and her body was more girlish than womanly.*
Shuma: "Huh? Was my father a lolicon?"
Lotus/???: "......"
*No, stop you. Voice, stop trying to make an argument in silence!*
*Really, what am I saying anyway?*
*Then, here comes a dog.*
Dog: "..."
Mari: "Oh? A doggie."
*A dog wobbles down toward us.*
*...With no collar?*
Shuma: "Oh yeah. But a stray dog in this day and age?"
Mari: "No, it can't be. Because that thing is clearly different."
Shuma: "Don't say 'that thing'. Still your kind, isn't it? Come here, I'm gonna pet you."
Dog: "...*Grrrrrrr*...!"
*I wonder if it's female... Wait, wait, I'm not that starved. Control, control...*
Mari: "A female dog is right here! Bow-wow!"
Shuma: "But you don't have much loyalty."
Mari: "Maybe I'll defect to Lady Pumila's side."
*Her eyes are serious!*
Mari: "Because you cannot see through its simple disguise, this is absurd."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Tick: "――――――!!"
*The dog turns into some kind of black creature?!*
Shuma: "Nuwaah?! It scared me!"
*I jump back and keep my distance.*
Shuma: "W-what is this?"
*Like an insect or tentacles... Anyway, clearly I can tell this isn't normal.*
Mari: "Hahahaha. Master, you got scared too much. You said 'nuwaah'. 'Nuwaah'."
*I ignore Mari who is laughing her head off. What's so funny anyway? I'll punish her later. You just wait, Mari.*
Mari: "What?! Bad chill."
*I leave the stupid maid alone for the time being. I concentrate on this close-encounter-of-the-third-kind before me, and soon I know who the ringleader is.*
Lycoris: "*Hahee*. You run so fast."
Shuma: "Just as I thought, you're behind this."
Lycoris: "Ah...Shuma Embroche."
Shuma: "Can you stop calling me Embroche? I'm Kusanagi!"
Lycoris: "That doesn't matter at all."
Mari: "Master, please feel out the situation."
*What?! But it's a hero's staple to correct an enemy character when being addressed incorrectly.*
Mari: "You already did that with Lady Calen."
*My small resisting voice is cut down by Mari. But Calen isn't an enemy, is she? She's just on the vampire side.*
*During our conversation, the insect-like shadow remains quiet. Huh?! Is this guy the one who's the best at feeling out the situation?*
Lycoris: "I never thought I'd see you for a second time in one day. Are you my stalker?"
Shuma: "No way!"
Mari: "Eh? But Master, are you not walking around this late at night to find this person?"
Lycoris: "*Backs up*."
Shuma: "Hey, don't keep your distance so obvious. You're hurting me."
*I know she's my enemy right now, but it hurts to see a girl keeping her distance from me.*
*But I won't give up.*
Shuma: "What are you planning? What is it?"
*I point my finger to the creature that has been standing quietly.*
Lycoris: "You mean this? This is Tick-chan, Lady Pumila's familiar!"
Tick: " (Bow) "
Shuma: "Ah, nice to meet you."
Mari: "What are you bowing to each other for?"
Shuma: "Ah, just a habit of us Japanese."
*Anyway, let's start fresh. In front of me stand Lycoris and Iris' new familiar.*
*And against them, we are me (a half vampire) and Mari (weak). Numbers are even...*
Shuma: "Ah, we're in a bad situation, aren't we?"
Lycoris: "Ah, this is our chance, isn't it?"
Mari: "Shall I call a freelancer?"
Lycoris: "Haha!! Victory goes to the one who makes the first move!!"
Shuma: "Nuwaahh?! Like that?!"
*A strike from her big scythe cuts through the air.*
*Luckily, there's some distance so I'm able to avoid this one, but I don't know if I'll be lucky again. What am I gonna do?*
Mari: "Master, do your best!"
Shuma: "You, when did you go so far away?"
*I turn around and find Mari behind an electric pole that stands pretty far away. Oh, she's making a phone call.*
Lycoris: "I made all effort to use Tick-chan and get prepared, but it doesn't matter if I catch Shuma Embroche right here, does it?"
Shuma: "It matters to me."
Lycoris: "Don't worry! It only hurts in the beginning."
Shuma: "That means there won't be a 'next'."
Lycoris: "Prepare yourself!"
Shuma: "Damn."
Calen: "Hi, here I come♪"
Shuma: "Ugh."
*Something falls from the sky. A girl falls down. She steps on me.*
Calen: "Oh, excuse me. I remembered something I would like you to purchase for me so I followed after you, turning myself into mist like this♪"
Shuma: "Mist?! Can vampires do that kind of thing? Oh, step down first."
*Her shoes hurt a little.*
Lycoris: "Oh, now that Officinalis shows up, we will retreat. We'll leave, Tick-chan."
**Poof*!*
Tick: "*Grrrrrrrr*!!"
Mari: "Eh, delivery? I'm sorry, wrong number."
*After this, we go home without doing anything particular.*
*At least we've got info that Lycoris has a new familiar and is planning something.*
*Still, the possibility that I can stop it ahead of time is almost zero.*
*Everything goes round and round but gets nowhere.*
Shuma: "Mom, I'm in so much trouble now..."
*It's only been a month or so since my mother passed away, but my position has drastically changed.*
*What should I do? What is the correct answer?*
*As I think about my future, it seems I won't be able to sleep tonight again.*
Calen: "Argh...pleasant weather..."
Shuma: "Yeah, right..."
Mari: "So nice and warm...!"
*Glorious weather with no clouds in the sky has been tiring us vampires out. Meanwhile, that dog is warming herself up.*
Shuma: "Irritating..."
Mari: "You're accusing me all wrong!"
Sakurako: "What's wrong, Shuma? And Calen, too? Don't you feel good? It's really nice out."
Shuma: "It's not that we don't feel good..."
Calen: "Because it's nice weather."
Sakurako: "Really, great weather, truly..."
Aoi: "And you who says that while looking tired the whole day, are you alright?
Sakurako: "Wow, Aoi is worried about me. So refreshing."
Aoi: "Really, I didn't mean that..."
Sakurako: "You cheered me up! We are friends, friends!"
Aoi: "Idiot, don't come near me, don't touch me. You're not my friend!"
Shuma: "Oh great, a loner. You've got a friend...so get along!"
Calen: "Unacceptable. Sakurako-san is mine, *slumps over*..."
Aoi: "Aah, vampires are lazy, really!"
Mari: "Ahhh, peaceful...gorgeous weather..."
Shuma: "Hope you're having a good time while your master and his friends are suffering."
Mari: "So, let's go home now, Master..."
*Really, this one...*
Calen: "I will stay slumped like this for a while..."
Aoi: "I'll go home as soon as I can."
*I already told Aoi about last night.*
*Unlike me, Aoi who can actually fight, will patrol around the town tonight as usual.*
Shuma: "Me too..."
*I stare at the palm of my hand. I, who was not myself, was able to fight against Lycoris more than equally.*
*Honestly speaking, it was vague like in a dream and I can't remember very much.*
*My body as a vampire keeps forcing unwanted changes on me.*
*It's difficult to live as a human being, but even as a vampire, I don't have enough power to fight against Lycoris.*
*Everything is half way.*
*I...*
Sakurako: "What's wrong, Shuma? You have wrinkles between your eyebrows."
Shuma: "...Just sleepy."
Sakurako: "Calen looks sleepy, too. Well, well. What do you two fiances do together every night? Tell me a little."
Shuma: "Are you a drunken old man or something?"
Sakurako: "You're awful, Shuma. How dare you call this tight, fresh-skinned girl an 'old man'!"
Shuma: "I'll give you some mayonnaise, so why won't you go home with Calen?"
*I don't feel like keeping up with Sakurako's mischief.*
*I push a disposable mayonnaise packet into Sakurako's hand which I keep to suppress her in times of need.*
Sakurako: "Thank you, Shuma. I love you!"
Shuma: "Such a cheap love."
Sakurako: "Saying it is free. Oh, but they say nothing is more expensive than free. So Shuma, give me change!"
Shuma: "No way. Why are you arguing like a pushy salesman?"
Sakurako: "Because love is to give. Oh, I just said a great thing!"
Shuma: "...If you hadn't said that, it might've been better."
*I feel a bit frustrated as I almost agreed with her. Damn, agreeing with Sakurako.*
Sakurako: "Oh, the wrinkles disappeared from between your brows."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Sakurako: "Yes, yes. Shuma, you look the coolest when you're laid back."
*In spite of myself, I respond to Sakurako and as a result release tension from my shoulders.*
*I didn't notice it, but it seems I really worked myself up.*
Shuma: "...What is that? Isn't that just a goofy mistake face?"
*"No. How do I explain? Like being natural. Of course a sharp Shuma is nice, too. But you know, like the times you're fed up and laughing like, 'gimme a break'..."*
Shuma: "I see. I don't understand."
*If I look fed up, it's probably because Sakurako always does stupid things.*
Sakurako: "I mean, usual Shuma is the best."
Shuma: "Usual me..."
*Usual me... What am I like?*
Mari: "Master."
Shuma: "Huh? What happened? Did you wash your hands?"
Mari: "I did! Not that. I have something to worry about."
Shuma: "Worry about?"
Mari: "Yes. I smell dogs."
Shuma: "Dogs?"
Sakurako: "Doggies?"
*She looks serious, so I ask her. Then she comes back with, 'I smell dogs'.*
Shuma: "What is th... Hey, that is."
*Last night's event races through my mind.*
*In front of my mind, a dog turned into a creature. It was Iris' familiar...*
*At that moment, a bush in the courtyard rustles.*
Dog: "......"
Sakurako: "Ah, a doggie! Look, a dog is over there!"
Shuma: "...Yeah."
*There's a dog that Sakurako turns her eyes to. And it's a large dog without a collar.*
*It slowly moves toward us. The distance between us is about 10 meters.*
Dog: "*Grrrrrr*...!"
Mari: "Master, dodge!"
*I've been on guard, but my response is too slow for how unexpectedly fast the dog moves.*
Shuma: "*Argh*...!"
*The next moment, the dog bites into my arm!*
Shuma: "Ugh! What the hell... So suddenly?! Let me go!"
Dog: "*Grrr, grrrrrr*...!!"
*Blood is coming out, and I feel a sharp pain. I've never owned a dog, so I'm not certain...but I don't think dogs bite humans this hard!*
Mari: "What are you doing all of a sudden?! Go away!"
Shuma: "You...stop the bullshit!!"
Dog: "*Yelp*!"
*I swing my arm with full force and the dog flies away, drawing a parabola. But it immediately gets up and snarls at us.*
Shuma: "...It hurts..."
Sakurako: "Ah...Shuma, blood! Wound...!"
Shuma: "I was just bitten. Shit...it's no joke if that dog has rabies."
Dog: "*Growl*...!!"
*I give it a sharp glare. The dog growls and backs off, but stays ready for a chance to bite me again.*
Shuma: "...Mari, do you think this is related to last night?"
Mari: "Must be. Bow-wow!"
Dog: "*Growl*!!"
Mari: "It says so, Master."
Shuma: "I can't understand what it's saying."
Mari: "The dog says it has no cavities, so don't worry."
Shuma: "Hey, you have something else to ask, don't you?"
Sakurako: "Ah, no, over there too!"
*From the direction Sakurako points, two more dogs show up!*
*Both don't have collars, and they're clearly coming for us.*
Shuma: "...Run, Sakurako! Get inside the school building before we're surrounded!"
Sakurako: "O-okay! I'll call for the teachers!"
*If it's related to last night, meaning, it was caused by Lycoris, her target is me. That means as long as Sakurako is away from me, she should be safe.*
Mari: "What are we going to do?"
Mari puts a question to me. We have two options: Going inside or running outside.
*In front of me, three violent dogs gradually shorten the distance. We don't have a long time to think about it.*
Girl A: "Hey, look look! Why did those dogs come in here?!"
Boy A: "Wow, dogs. Look, dogs! Why are they here!"
Shuma: "Damn, let's go outside, Mari!"
Mari: "Yes!"
*Students around us finally seem to notice this crisis and start to make a noise about the dogs slipping into the campus. It's better to leave school as soon as possible.*
Dog: "*Snarl*!!"
*As soon as I look away, the dogs attack me. I'm just able to avoid them as we run back into the building so that we can escape.*
*However, the situation takes a strange turn.*
**Bow-wow, bow-wow, bow-wow*!!!*
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari: "Why? All over the school?"
*...What is going on?*
*A peaceful day turns into an extraordinary one in a split second.*
*Amidst an ordinary day after school, we suddenly have a canine outbreak. They're all violent and I'm their target.*
*...Is it my doing?*
Shuma: "Mari, follow me! I have to flee from school for the time being!"
Mari: "Ah, yes. It's better to avoid a secondary attack!"
*So far no one is having trouble being bitten or anything like that. Even though, it might happen given enough time...*
*We'll probably have more trouble once we leave school, but sometimes we're forced to change our plan when the devil is driving!*
Calen: "Aargh. Noise, noise, NOISY! Let me sleep, please!"
*While I'm running down the corridor, Calen comes out of the classroom and gives a wildly impulsive cry.*
Shuma: "Lady, you were still sleeping. Time to be ready and steady! I don't know why, but something surreal and funny is happening! What is your favorite dog?!"
Calen: "Siberian Husky..."
Shuma: "Look, there's one."
Calen: "Oh, where! *Shriek*! Husky, so cuuuuuuuuute!!!"
Dog: "Bow, bow-wow, vvvvvv...!"
Calen: "*Shriek*...*fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy*."
Calen: "Mmm...♪"
*So carefree, this lady. I'll leave Calen alone for the time being.*
*I decide so and run down the corridor to go outside.*
Dog: "......"
*I run into a dog at the corner.*
*A canine tooth as sharp as a vampire's fang glares.*
Dog: "*Grrrrrr*!!"
Shuma: "Retreat!!"
*I turn around and run. Naturally, the dog chases after me.*
Shuma: "Waaaaah?! Pretty scary, damn it!!"
*This might be something like the primal fear of an animal. I feel a shiver on the back of my neck.*
Mari: "Good grief. You, a vampire, gets scared by dogs."
Shuma: "You say that, but scary things are scary. Anyway, can you do anything about this? You're related, aren't you?"
Mari: "Hmm. Something is not right. Ah, don't go that way!!"
Shuma: "Ah!!"
*At a crossroads, Mari and I are separated by a stream of dogs.*
Shuma: "Meet up at the school entrance!!"
*I say that and run at full speed.*
*I cannot hear Mari's answer. She should understand me.*
Kaede: "...Mm, mmm...haa, haa..."
Shuma: "That's Kaede?!"
Kaede: "Ah B-Big Brother...? What's this, there are so many dogs..."
Kaede: "Big Brother, why are dogs chasing...? Ah, mm...!"
Shuma: "I'm good, but how about you?! You look like you're in pain. Are you alright?!"
Kaede: "I-I don't know, don't know but...strange...my body..."
Kaede: "Big Brother, mm...?!"
*The next moment, I see something strange.*
Kaede: "Ah, aw, ah...!"
*First, Kaede disappears.*
*No, actually...one small dog is left in the place where Kaede was.*
Kaede: "...Bo-bow...?"
Shuma: "This is a joke, isn't it? Kaede?"
Kaede: "...*Grrrrrr*..."
Kaede: "*Grwwww*!!"
Shuma: "K-Kaede?! Calm down. What happened?! Well, I know you're a dog now!"
*I'm confused about what happened in front of me.*
*But I can't just stand here.*
Shuma: "Damn... Kaede, stay still."
Kaede: "*Whine*?!"
*I restrain the small dog with both hands and run down the corridor.*
*If the dog resisting in my hands is truly Kaede, then all the dogs running around campus used to be humans.*
*...If you did this, I'll never forgive you...Lycoris!!*
*Somehow I run to the school gate!*
Shuma: "Haa, haa, haa...!"
Mari: "Master!"
Shuma: "Oh, Mari and Calen, too... Are you two alright?"
Calen: "Yes. It seems their target is only you, Shuma-san. So I petted the husky to my heart's content."
Shuma: "That's good..."
*Now I feel drained.*
Shuma: "No, not good. Look here!"
Kaede: "*Bite gnaw bite*."
*I hand over the small dog biting my sleeve to Mari.*
Mari: "Eh? Is this a girl?"
Shuma: "It's Kaede. She turned into this dog right in front of me."
Mari: "...It can't be?!"
Calen: "Possibly the ability of Lady Pumila's familiar. She was transformed into a dog with the power of its life force."
Mari: "I agree. Lady Pumila can produce familiars with various abilities."
Shuma: "I have something in mind."
*The monster I saw yesterday. It transformed itself into a dog.*
Mari: "Ah, certainly it was a dog like that."
Shuma: "Yeah, like that..."
Tick: "*Grrrrrrr*."
Lycoris: "Tick-chan, you are too eager. You use up all the life force I collect. You should be more considerate."
*As I'm thinking of how to deal with the situation, the source of the problem shows up.*
Shuma: "Lycoris! You did such a surreal thing this time! You preyed on Kaede. Can I leave her unavenged??!!"
Lycoris: "Why is so much anger directed toward me?!"
Shuma: "Waaaaaaah!!"
Mari: "Ah, today Master is glowing!"
Lycoris: "Hmph, I don't have enough to be 101, but there's still plenty of fighting power within me."
Lycoris: "Now! Finish him!!"
Shuma: "Damn?!"
*We stand ready as Lycoris shouts an order.*
*.........*
*But nothing happens.*
Lycoris: "Er, Tick-chan? What happened? Eh? Time for a walk? No, no. Now is not the time."
Tick: "――――――!!"
Lycoris: "I-I know walking is important for you, yes!"
*I don't know why, but the creature is pressuring Lycoris.*
*Is this a chance?*
Shuma: "Your turn, Aoi!!"
Aoi: "Lycoris!!!"
*Out of nowhere, the hunter jumps in! Like her best friend, she appears in an unexpected place and time as usual!*
Lycoris: "You have come, Aoi...but I will retreat for now! Adieu!!"
Shuma: "Wait, hey, 'I say' girl!"
Lycoris: "The fight will be at night! Let's go for a walk! Gather round!"
Mari: "Ah, Ma-Master!!"
*As soon as Lycoris blows a whistle, dogs scattering around the campus run toward her.*
*She said less than 101 dogs, but there are so many.*
Shuma: "Damn! Wait, Lycoris...!"
*A group of dogs runs in front of me.*
*Now I know they used to be normal human beings, so I hesitate to attack them in a careless way.*
*...Soon, the dogs disappear and we completely lose sight of Lycoris.*
Shuma: "...Haa, haa, haa, haaaa...!!"
Aoi: "Phew...I lost her."
*That many dogs are running as a group, so they should be easy to spot.*
*But against my expectations, we cannot even find their shadows. Naturally it's impossible to find Lycoris.*
*What am I going to do now?*
Kaede: "*Grrrrrr*...!"
Mari: "Eh? Do you want to chew my master? Here you go."
Kaede: "*Chew chew chew chew*!"
Shuma: "Hey idiot, Mari! YOU?!"
Mari: "Ah, I couldn't help it."
Kaede: "*Bite*!!"
*After this, we head back to school to let Calen "settle" the disturbance.*
*Maybe because too long a time has passed, there are only a few people at school, but we can say everything has mellowed out for now.*
Mari: "Bow-wow, Bow? Wowooon, wowbow bowwo?"
Kaede: "Bowowowow, wowwowgrrr, grrr, bow."
*Kaede is still a dog.*
*It's helpful that Mari can talk with her in this condition. She is indeed a werewolf.*
Mari: "Master, please stare at Kaede. Even as you are now, you can surely control a dog."
Shuma: "Ah, I see. Manipulate their control through my own control. I'll try."
Kaede: "Grrrrr...! Rrrr...?"
*I stare at Kaede who bites me the moment I hold her.*
*Sorry, Kaede...I involved you again.*
Kaede: "...Woof, woof, woof. Mmm...*lick lick*...!"
Shuma: "Oh, did I do it? Haha, I'm so glad, Kaede!"
Mari: "Good. Then, Kaede-san, please come this way. Let's have a talk."
Aoi: "What are you going to do?"
Mari: "We successfully manipulated the control of her consciousness. I will talk and calm her down. As long as it's a transformation from life force, she can go back to being a human."
*Mari pulls away Kaede who is back in love with me again and no longer bites me. Mari starts her doggy talk with Kaede.*
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Do you feel responsible?"
Shuma: "Aoi."
Aoi: "Do you think it's your fault that this girl and many other people fell victim to Lycoris?"
Shuma: "Well...it would be a lie if I said I didn't."
*Not just this case. Sakurako, and there are more people who were attacked by Lycoris.*
*All because I escaped from Iris, I've been causing trouble around me.*
*Because of me...*
Aoi: "Then, you must save everyone who turned into a dog."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Aoi: "Nothing will get solved if you keep worrying right now. As for your escaping from the progenitor called Iris, we can't say it's good or bad. And it's done anyway."
Aoi: "So, the next thing you should be thinking about is what you're going to do after this, isn't it?"
*Oh, is she consoling me?*
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "W-what?"
Shuma: "Just, I never thought you would say something like that to me."
Aoi: "Really it's nothing. Just, it's too much trouble to make you my hunting target, too. And, I don't know how you will turn out in the future."
Shuma: "Haha. Right. I'll do my best not to be hunted by you."
Mari: "Hi, hi, you two. We are done."
Kaede: "Oooh...wowwww..."
Mari: "Okay, Kaede-san. Relax, relax. Now remember really hard what you looked like as a human."
Kaede: "Ghhhhhhh..."
Kaede: "Wooof!!"
Kaede: "...Ah. I'm back?!"
Shuma: "Oh, Kaede!"
Kaede: "Big Brother?"
Kaede: "Waaah, Big Brother! I was so scared!"
*According to Kaede, she met a dog on her way to school.*
*As an animal lover, Kaede couldn't let the dog go whether it was a stray or belonged to somebody, so she tried to help it.*
*The dog was friendly so she decided to take it to the biology club room after petting him. But, after that, her memories are vague.*
Shuma: "Well, most likely the dog was the one with Lycoris."
Kaede: "Ah, Big Brother. So what happened to me after all...?"
*Kaede looks up at me with frightened eyes.*
*I asked Aoi and Mari to leave us alone. A merrily laughing Mari seemed to know everything and really annoyed me.*
Shuma: "It's like, you became a tool of the bad guy."
Kaede: "Bad guy... That doggie?"
Kaede: "As I thought, you are involved in dangerous things."
Shuma: "Ah, haha. Kind of."
*After my friend Sakurako, I must prey on this cute junior student.*
*This younger, junior student girl who looks up to me and calls me Big Brother!*
Kaede: "But in the end, you are the one who helped me, aren't you?"
Kaede: "Thank you, Big Brother."
Shuma: "No, I didn't..."
*Really, I didn't do anything.*
Kaede: "I like you because you are so gentle."
*Is it really okay to bite this simple and honest girl?*
*Because she's just a human, she is different from Mari or Calen. She doesn't know anything. Once I bite her, probably...*
*........................*
Kaede: "And, Big Brother...it's evening already. Why are we staying here?"
Kaede: "Do I still have to do something...?"
Shuma: "...Yeah, something like that."
Shuma: "So you don't turn into a dog again, I have to give you a shot."
Kaede: "Eh, sh-shot?"
Shuma: "More like a charm. Don't worry. You don't need to be scared. It won't hurt."
*Ah, I feel like I'm fooling her. But, actually I AM fooling her.*
Kaede: "U-uuh, I don't understand well..."
Kaede: "I've hardly understood anything all this time, and..."
Kaede: "...because you'll do it, you can do anything you want. I'm okay!"
*Kaede grips my hand and bravely smiles at me.*
Kaede: "Well, then, er...please take care of me."
*In addition to this, she bows to me.*
*...Am I really going to do this?*
Kaede: "Big Brother?"
*Now accept your fate! If I stay like this, I won't be able to save all those girls who were turned into dogs.*
Shuma: "Kaede!"
Kaede: "Waaah?!"
====================E-KYO02_02H_N.TXT====================
*Embracing her from behind, I cover Kaede with my arms. Her body jumps then she plops to the ground.*
*Ugh...it was so sudden that I know it can't be helped, but I feel bummed to see her scared. Because it's Kaede, it really bums me out.*
*Still, I gently remove her uniform. I see her bare skin. I think I'm hearing Kaede's voice. But...I put my mouth smoothly on her neck.*
Kaede: "...?!"
*My fangs smoothly break through Kaede's skin.*
*Soft. I already put my fangs into Mari, Sakurako and Calen's smooth skin, but Kaede's is softer than any of those three's.*
*In the next moment, I sense the thick, sticky life force within her.*
*This life force is giving a bad influence to Kaede. I will suck it all out.*
Kaede: "B-Big Bro...ther...aah, ah, oooh...!"
*I hear Kaede's sensual voice close to my ear.*
*Do it gently. I'm doing my best not to hurt her, but after hearing this voice, it will be hard to control myself.*
Kaede: "Aah...mmm, aaah, ah...aaahaaaaaaaaahhh...!!"
Shuma: "*Slurp...slurp*..."
*Her blood, which at first tasted spoiled like an extra fine, traditional Japanese course dish with muddy sauce thrown on top, starts to become more and more delicious.*
*This is it. This is the taste I'm looking for.*
*In a short time, I'll suck all the foreign matter out of Kaede's body.*
*The taste of Kaede which I have waited for. I know I'll be instantly crazy about it. I will enjoy it until I satisfy myself.*
*I hate myself for it, but I can't stop myself.*
Kaede: "Uuummm...ah, a, ah...Big Brother...mmm!!"
*And finally I suck all of the life force affecting Kaede...and my life force touches hers.*
Kaede: "Haaaaaaaaaaahhhhh."
*Kaede releases a prolonged, sleek moan.*
*I collect all my senses and slowly remove my lips from Kaede's neck.*
Kaede: "Haauuuh...phewww...mmm...aaah...!"
Shuma: "Mmm...hha...hha...hha."
*I've always wanted to suck Kaede's blood. It's as delicious as I expected... No, more delicious than I expected... It was yummy...way too yummy.*
*I don't want this taste in my mouth to go way. Maybe one more mouthful...*
Shuma: "Aaahhh, no, no, no! It shouldn't be like this!"
Shuma: "Kaede, how is it? Don't you feel bad or feel something is weird?"
Kaede: "Ah, mm...I was surprised but I'm okay."
Shuma: "Alright. That is good, then."
*The real problem is...after this.*
====================E-KYO02_03.TXT====================
Kaede: "...Mmm, *zzzzzz*..."
Kaede: "Big Brother...!"
*Afterwards.*
*The effect of my mesmerization on Kaede doesn't go away and she clings to me for the whole day. And now here we are...night time.*
*She must be exhausted. She's sleeping well now.*
Shuma: "I told her mother that she would have dinner with us at my home..."
Mari: "*Sigh*, she's so not worried, isn't she? She became a dog, she was attacked by her Big Brother, and now she loves him."
Shuma: "You're way out of line."
Mari: "I'll make tea. Here we go."
Shuma: "Kaede is a good girl. She's a good girl, even though a bit ditzy and air-headed."
Mari: "Must be friendly to neighbors. I know that."
*But because of this...*
*We couldn't find Lycoris, so now this is how we are.*
Calen: "Hmm. I am the fiancee, but have been kept aside while you're making mistresses. I cannot agree to it."
Shuma: "I bit you. And she is not my mistress. But if I take on the responsibility..."
Mari: "You have set your mind to it, haven't you? Show us your manliness."
Shuma: "Kaede. I promise to make you truly happy!"
Kaede: "Big Brother, *zzz*...!"
*I can't help feeling guilty...*
Lotus/???: "You lucky son of a loli-lover!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari & Calen: "???"
*The sudden voice surprises me. Really, what is this voice?*
Shuma: "Hey, did you hear a voice right now? Say like, the voice of a gentle-mannered man or like, a would-be host."
Calen: "Well..."
Mari: "What happened to you? Uh-no, finally your head..."
Shuma: "Don't look at me like I'm a crazy person."
*I turn away from Mari and Calen who give me suspicious looks.*
*From their reactions, only I can hear this voice.*
Lotus/???: "My voice can be heard only by you, Shuma."
*You should have said that in the first place. Or you should have been quiet.*
*This is not like I'm going crazy, is it?*
Lotus/???: "I told you I didn't have enough life force. Now I've had a little of Kaede-chan's life force. so I am able to send a few words to you like this."
Lotus/???: "For your knowledge, I don't have the skill to read your mind so if there is something you would like to say, voice it. If you are not alone though, they might think you're a weirdo."
*Seriously. I glance at Mari and Calen. Should I explain to them about this voice now?*
*Actually there are so many things I want to ask this voice.*
*Before I reach a decision, Aoi comes into the living room dressed in her nun-like clothes.*
Aoi: "I've got mail from Lycoris. She keeps her cell with her, it seems."
*When she said the fight would be tonight, she was serious. Bad timing.*
Lotus/???: "I will explain about me on our way. Now time is precious, correct?"
*Annoying, but he is right.*
Shuma: "Where is it?"
Aoi: "Are you coming with me?"
Shuma: "Of course. I'm the cause so I must accept responsibility."
Aoi: "If you say so. Then do the best you can."
*Aoi says this curtly and shows me her mobile. She knows it will be too much by herself alone.*
*On the screen, a certain place is designated.*
Shuma: "Ah. That bridge. We'll have to walk a bit, but it's not that far away. Okay, everybody."
Mari: "Are we alright? This is a trap for sure."
Calen: "Back at school, we had at least 20 dogs. Are you planning to save all these victims by yourself?"
Aoi: "I'm happy for you. You can suck a lot of blood."
Mari: "Even though you know this is a trap, go, go right now and kill them as they deserve!"
*She is really...*
Shuma: "You're coming with us. Translator."
Aoi: "...Tsk, she never answers my calls."
Calen: "What are you going to do with your so-called friend?"
Aoi: "Of course I will help her. It's irritating, but the only way to release Lycoris is to ask you to suck her blood. It's just the way it is."
Aoi: "Once I bring her back to my side, I'll be done with you."
Shuma: "Talk about that later. Let's go."
Lotus/???: "This is like the eve of a decisive battle. How exciting!"
*You, control yourself.*
*We walk through the town at night.*
*I took Kaede back to her home and told her parents a lie that she was tired and fell asleep from having too much fun.*
*When she wakes up she won't remember most of the stuff, thanks to Calen's power, so she will be okay.*
*While I was dealing with Kaede, I asked Aoi and others to go ahead of me. Calen is with her, so Aoi won't start the fight by herself.*
Shuma: "Now, let me hear your stories."
*There is some distance to the location. I want to settle the issues with this voice before I get there.*
*From here on in, I cannot avoid the clash with Lycoris.*
Lotus/???: "Let's see. Then, let me start with my introduction."
*The identity of this voice. It's not like I've never thought about it.*
*This man who is vampire related, strangely friendly to me, and one I've never met...*
Lotus/???: "Nice to meet you, though it's rather late to say it now. My name is Lotus. Lotus Embroche."
Lotus: "Your father."
Shuma: "...!"
Lotus: "Oh, that's not much of a reaction. I was expecting one like from a certain "mystery investigation team" or certain fashionable "gods of death"."
Shuma: "...I don't know what you are talking about, but there's one thing I want to say to you for the time being."
Lotus: "What is it?"
*It's not that I wasn't shocked. It's true that I was thinking he might be my father somewhere in my mind.*
*But, when I know this voice is actually my father's, the first reaction coming to me is not pleasure, but anger.*
Shuma: "Why did you leave mom?! Mom died because of you, didn't she?!"
*I know it's thoughtless because it's night-time and in a quiet residential area, but I cannot keep my voice down.*
*It's been less than two months since Mom died. I thought I was over it, but indescribable feelings seem to have been swirling around in my mind.*
*Mom raised me all by herself. I hardly thanked and paid her back for all the things she did for me.*
Shuma: "I heard it from Mari. Because you died, she couldn't live very long. Why did you die?"
*Tears are welling up in my eyes. Strange, I didn't cry at her funeral... But now I cannot control my overflowing emotions.*
Lotus: "For that, I feel sorry for her."
Shuma: "!!!!"
*That's not what I want to hear! I am about to scream, but his next words prevent me.*
Lotus: "I don't know the cause of my death."
Shuma: "What do you...mean?"
*I say that much and realize...*
*It's no use asking a dead person, "Why did you die?" Since I was really angry, I might have been confused a little.*
*Well? Then, who is this one talking to me now?*
Lotus: "Certainly I am dead. Well, my main body is, to say it correctly. The 'me' talking to you right now is only my thought body residing in your ring."
Shuma: "Ring...thought body?"
*When I hear the word, "ring", the first thing that comes to mind is the ring Mom placed under my care.*
*I place the ring worn as a necklace in my palm and look at it.*
*An antique design with a small jewel embedded in it.*
Shuma: "In this?"
Lotus: "Correct. When I made her flee from Racronia to Japan for safety, I placed "me" under her care as a protection amulet."
*Mom always kept this ring close to her. Even though I begged for it as a child, she wouldn't take it off.*
*That's why when she gave this ring to me, I knew she wouldn't live long.*
Shuma: "I see... So, you were always by mom's side."
Lotus: "Actually, for the last few years, I didn't have enough life force and it was as if I were sleeping. I feel sorry for making her sad."
*That must have something to do with the death of his physical body.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*...I'm sorry. Let's stop the story for now."
Lotus: "If you wish. Oh, I don't mind you calling me "Papa"."
Shuma: "Huh? What are you saying? 'You' is enough for you."
Lotus: "Well, well, are you feeling shy? There is something darling about you, too."
*I don't feel shy and don't call me darling!*
Shuma: "But there's something I want to ask."
Lotus: "Hmm. Okay. I don't feel right making Maritima and the others wait too long."
*Yes. I must help the people who were turned into dogs by Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Are you...?"
Mari: "Ah, Master. You are late."
*As soon as I join the others who went ahead of me, I am accused by Mari.*
*As I glance to the side, I see Aoi being controlled by Calen.*
*I guess Calen must've stopped Aoi who tried to rush in all by herself.*
Shuma: "Sorry. And thank you, too, Calen."
Calen: "Not at all. It is quite easy for me."
Aoi: "...I wanna go home, I wanna go home, I wanna go home, I wanna go home, I wanna go home..."
*Is Aoi's mind going seriously wrong?!*
Shuma: "Hey Aoi, pull yourself together!"
Aoi: "What?! Sh-Sh-Shuma?! What have you been doing! Because you weren't here, in the hands of that bat woman, almost, I was, I was...!!"
Shuma: "Ah, don't cry, there, there."
Aoi: "I-I'm not crying."
Mari: "Hmph. You were trembling so much until now..."
Aoi: "*Glare*."
Mari: "*Scoot*."
*Hey, don't provoke Aoi if you're going to hide behind me, Mari.*
*Now, we are going to the place Lycoris designated.*
Shuma: "Everyone, you know the strategy."
Mari: "It's like, while Lady Calen and I are drawing the dogs' attention, Master and Aoi-san will deal with Lycoris-san and the familiar."
Shuma: "Right."
Mari: "Is that really okay? Isn't it better you leave the fight to Lady Calen?"
Calen: "I don't mind either way. But if I fight for you, Shuma-san, I would hope you are ready to show me your good faith."
Aoi: "Tsk, another example of vampires."
Calen: "Well, well, someone from the organization that preemptively attacks every nonhuman has something to say..."
Aoi: "Huh?"
Shuma: "Stop it, Calen and Aoi. Your fighting right here doesn't produce anything."
Shuma: "And the goal is to save the people who were turned into dogs. To accomplish that, Calen's power is indispensable. Mari's, too."
Mari: "That, I understand. But I think it's really hard for you now to fight against Lycoris, Master."
Aoi: "Hmph. I've not expected his help from the start. I will make sure to stop Lycoris this time."
Calen: "Do you understand that the enemy is not just Lycoris-san? Or is that thing on your shoulders a mere decoration?"
Aoi: "I-I understand that. Even so, we'll still do the same things. You will save victims, I'll save Lycoris and kill the other thing. That will solve everything, won't it?"
*That is so, but she's too much of a muscle-brain. I knew that, but still.*
Shuma: "So...don't you think we should do everything we can in order to increase our success rate?"
Aoi: "Huh?"
Mari: "Ah."
Calen: "I see."
*Hearing my words, one is confused and two agree.*
*The two who know my characteristic as a vampire seem to realize what I am going to do.*
Shuma: "Look, Aoi. Answer my question honestly. Are you confident in defeating Lycoris?"
*I look straight into Aoi's eyes and put the question to her.*
Aoi: "What is, that? Are you saying I'm that weak?"
*Her pride seems to be piqued. I don't like that she has answered a question with another one, but I dare to go along with her.*
Shuma: "I don't think Aoi is weak even a little. In fact, you're far stronger than me and used to rough fights."
Shuma: "But your enemy is the vampire Lycoris. You know the answer as you've fought with her a couple of times."
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "One way or another, I'm the one who asked you to cooperate with us so, honestly, you are helping. But to stop Lycoris without mistakes, You, Aoi as you are now, are not strong enough."
Aoi: "...What do you want to say?"
Shuma: "I'll ask you straight out. Aoi, don't you want more power?"
Aoi: "Huh?"
*Aoi's face that until now has openly reflected her annoyance, suddenly breaks.*
Shuma: "I have a way to make you stronger."
*The next moment, a serious glow, to the point of being a glare, appears in her eyes.*
Aoi: "...What are you going to do to me?"
*Has she somehow guessed it?*
Shuma: "Aoi, you know that my family, Embroche blood's special ability is 'Boost', right? I can apply this to others, too."
Aoi: "...the method?"
*A chilling low voice. Scary. But she is pressuring me to continue, so I cannot become silent.*
Shuma: "You know, even though not perfect, I'm still a vampire."
Aoi: "...I see."
*I reply to Aoi without answering her question, but get through to her clearly.*
Aoi: "I'll say this to you just in case, but if you are telling me to be your familiar, I will never work with you again."
Shuma: "Don't worry. I have no wish to do that."
Mari: "......"
*I glance at Mari who is about to say something and quiet her down.*
*I don't want to cause unnecessary trouble right now.*
Aoi: "...Are you going to suck my blood?"
Shuma: "To be exact, more like, I'm going to give my life force to you."
Aoi: "Hey?! Is that really alright?! That is the exact way vampires make their familiars!!"
Shuma: "Didn't I tell you? I'm not a full vampire. Right, Calen?"
Calen: "Yes, you are right. Shuma-san, as you are now, I do not think it's possible to make a familiar no matter how much life force you send into your target.
Aoi: "How can I believe what vampires say?"
*Aoi flatly rejects Calen's words about me.*
*Well, of course. Even though it's to save her friend, we're telling her to do something she's been fighting against up to now.*
*I've expected her refusal, but this fight is inevitable. I want to boost Aoi's power beforehand at any cost.*
*...But that is not the only purpose.*
Shuma: "What're you going to do? This is purely a suggestion and not a demand. Aoi, it is you who decides."
Shuma: "Just, please really think about it. Is it possible for you to help Lycoris as you are now?"
Aoi: "~~~~~~"
*A deeply-troubled look distorts Aoi's face, and she becomes quiet for a while.*
*I might have been too mean. While I feel so at heart, I maintain my serious expression and wait for her answer.*
*Honestly, it's hard to think that Aoi will refuse this suggestion. I've kept her company only for a short time, but I know she's gutsy enough to move forward while taking risks.*
*And she truly does everything by herself. No, more like, she cannot be convinced until she does it herself. If that is the case...*
Aoi: "...That plan. I'm in."
*I receive Aoi's words and determined eyes head-on and give her a firm nod.*
*I push Aoi's back and keep a distance from Mari and Calen.*
*Well, I can do it in front of them. But if someone is looking, I really can't concentrate or something like that.*
*Both of them don't say a word to me, so I think it's okay, even though I myself have no idea what is okay or not.*
Aoi: "Uh, uuuuuuuuugh..."
*Despite making her own decision, when push comes to shove, Aoi's mind seems to waiver. She begins to growl like a puppy.*
*After all this, to tell her we could stop right now would seem unkind, so I move close to Aoi without worrying about it.*
Aoi: "Ugh...so close, close, close."
Shuma: "Well, when you think about what I'm going to do, I'll have to get closer."
Aoi: "Ugh... Yes, this is necessary to save Lycoris. Not scary, not scary, not scary..."
*Aoi closes her eyes and trembles from fear. I don't know why, but she looks so cute.*
Shuma: "Don't look so cute, or I won't be able to control myself."
Aoi: "Hey?! Is this really okay, really?"
Shuma: "It's okay. Believe me."
Aoi: "Your eyes are glistening so wildly..."
*Shoot. I've tried my best to keep my calm, but as I imagine the taste of Aoi's blood...uh-oh, slip up.*
Shuma: "*Cough*. I'm a little nervous."
Aoi: "...If you do it at all, do it as quickly as you can."
Shuma: "Alright."
*Delaying longer makes her cute...no, no, it's cruel to her.*
*I embrace Aoi's body...*
Aoi: "...U, uah, aah, ah..."
*...and bite into her without wasting a breath.*
Aoi: "Ummaaaaahhhh...?!"
Shuma: "!!!"
*This is Aoi's blood... It is so delicious that my consciousness is nearly blown away.*
Aoi: "Su-sucked... I, what am I doing...let a vampire, do..."
*When I sucked Sakurako and Kaede's blood, the life force affecting them existed inside, so their blood wasn't tasty in the beginning.*
*Ah...this is the true taste of human blood.*
*Sorry for Mari and Calen to say it, but their blood is surely inferior to this.*
*But, I don't deny the taste of their blood is individually different and unique.*
*Anyway...Aoi's blood tastes exquisite.*
Aoi: "Fucked...feels like getting fucked...uh-no...this...!"
Aoi: "Really...what am I...doingggg...? Aaaaaahhh...!"
Aoi: "Mmmaaaaaaahhh...!"
*While Aoi has her blood sucked, her body trembles.*
*That reminds me of Sakurako and Kaede, and she looks really girlish.*
*Calm down, calm down. Feel the stream of the life force. Don't suck too much blood. The goal is to reinforce her power.*
Aoi: "Aah...aaaah...ah...aah..."
*I heard the return ratio between human life force and vampire life force has a wide difference.*
*In short, if I get 1 from Aoi, it becomes 2 in me. So, if I return that 2 to Aoi, I can reinforce her without losing my own life force.*
*In truth, the ratio is much lower and more complicated. But in theory, it's something like that.*
*Into the mutual path created by my bite, I pour my life force. Two streams of life force swirl around each other.*
Aoi: "...Haa, haa, haa...not yet...? Not done yet...?"
Shuma: "Mm...a little more."
Aoi: "Mmm, haa...why? My body is hot...uuuh."
*Actually, I'm almost done pouring my life force into her.*
*I hardly sucked her blood either.*
*Just, I continue kind of licking a little blood and want to feel this aftertaste for as long as I can.*
Aoi: "Hey...tell the truth, you're done, aren't you...? The hot thing coming into my body is kind of finished."
Shuma: "I-it just finished."
Aoi: "...Right."
*I quickly remove my mouth. Her stare really hurts.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*... Bitten. I was bitten by a vampire."
Aoi: "You soiled me..."
Shuma: "Er... I will be responsible!"
Aoi: "I don't care about that! Seriously! I did it, why, a vampire?!"
Shuma: "Don't worry. You haven't become a vampire! It's an emergency treatment. God will forgive you!"
Shuma: "And, I have something a little difficult to say."
Aoi: "Mm...what is it? Now something is circling around in my body and it's hard to stand."
Shuma: "That's it. Trouble is when I suck your blood or I give you my life force, your sexual urge or sexual sensation seems to intensify temporarily."
Aoi: "What?! I haven't heard tha...mmm!!!"
Shuma: "So remedies are to cum once or...otherwise..."
*If I said the other way is to have sex with me, she would slice me up.*
*As far as I can tell, she is not desperately mesmerized like Sakurako and Kaede. Disappointed...I don't feel that. It's true.*
Aoi: "After all, you are one of them... You kept this secret."
Shuma: "Whatever you say. Now though, this is about you. *Stare*."
Aoi: "Don't look, don't look, don't look! Ah, maybe too late, my legs are shaking...mmm!"
Shuma: "Oh, when you cum, you lose your strength and might have an urge to pee, so it's better to take off your panties now."
Aoi: "Shut up, moron!! Perv!! Vampire!!"
*However Aoi's cursing doesn't last long.*
Aoi: "Ah, seriously, mm, kuuuuuuuuuuuh!!"
*Her cheeks turn bright red and her body shakes as if it is convulsing.*
*I hold Aoi so that she won't fall down.*
Shuma: "Oops, alright?"
Aoi: "Can't be... Oh, no...it's really coming...!"
Shuma: "Everyone pees in their panties like that. I'll look away, so take them off! Or do you want me to do that?"
Aoi: "If you do that, I'll kill you!"
Shuma: "Then do it now!"
Aoi: "Uuuaaahhhh, aaaahhh...!"
*Aoi stamps her feet a couple of times as her body trembles.*
*But, a few seconds later...*
Aoi: "...Don't look! Close your eyes!"
====================E-KYO02_03A_N.TXT====================
*She's telling me that but...*
Aoi: "Don't look!!"
*Oh, yes...*
*.........*
Aoi: "I've come this far... I WILL save Lycoris!"
====================E-KYO02_03B.TXT====================
*She seems to renew her resolution and gets pumped up and ready to go. All is well now.*
Mari: "Ah, are you done?"
Calen: "It seems you've successfully reinforced Aoi."
Shuma: "Well, somewhat."
*Mari and Calen join us. Aoi may be feeling embarrassed. She seems to be hiding behind me.*
Mari: "So, naturally you did it, right? Pee!"
Aoi: "?!!"
Calen: "I can see it from your reaction. But now that it has come this far, you may call it some sort of power."
Shuma: "I don't want a power like that."
Lotus: "Pfft, certainly. You might be the very first one to have it in the Embroche family...hehehe."
*Shut up. Don't talk so suddenly like that.*
*I ignore the voice in my head and we have a brief meeting about what's next.*
Shuma: "Well, the time has come."
*As we continue on, we arrive at the spot designated by Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Mari and Calen, I will leave the dogs to you."
Mari: "Yes. Master, please take care of yourself."
Calen: "I shall do it as I see fit."
Shuma: "And, taking this chance, we will deal with Lycoris and that familiar. How are you, Aoi?"
Aoi: "Mmm...it's irritating, but I feel power is welling up. My body is light. It may be the first time to fight feeling like this... I don't need any―"
Shuma & Lotus: "Stoooooop!!"
Aoi: "W-what, suddenly screaming like that?"
Shuma: "That's a red flag. Just because your power is increased, don't let pride blind you! Keep in mind, you can't be relaxed until the last moment."
Lotus: "You are saved by Shuma, Rubina girl. Try your best not to have your head torn off."
*Oh, you do know the original source of my line.*
Aoi: "Ah...yes, sorry."
*Unusually, Aoi accepts my advice with no argument and apologizes. When she's accepting like this, it makes me feel awkward.*
Shuma: "What?"
Mari: "Nothing."
Calen: "I am not thinking that you two became very close just now."
*You ARE saying it loud and clear.*
*I'm not successful in pulling everyone together, but we continue on to face Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Lycoris! We came as you wished!!"
*There is a walkway along the river. We can see a large bridge right in front of us.*
*Lycoris is right there.*
Lycoris: "Haahahaha. You've come at last, Shuma Embroche. I am glad you got my mail through Aoi."
Aoi: "Hey you! I called you many times, why didn't you answer?!"
Lycoris: "Eh, nobody called me."
Aoi: "Eh?"
Lycoris: "Eh?"
*Eh, what is this atmosphere?*
Mari: "Horror?"
Calen: "She simply called the wrong number I assume. I was able to remember the number in the first try. Hmph."
*Actually, you can register phone numbers in your address book. But, if you enter a number incorrectly in the first place, it will be useless...*
Lycoris: "...I welcome you, Shuma Embroche!!"
Aoi: "Ugh?!"
*No way, it's "take two"!*
Lotus: "The girl can read between the lines very well."
*Well, more like she reads into them too much to get them right. See, Aoi's face is all red from shame.*
*I guess it's better to go along with Lycoris for now. Otherwise, there will be no progress.*
Shuma: "I came as you wished. Let go of the people you turned into dogs."
Dog: "Rrowff, grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!"
*A group of various dogs appear from behind Lycoris.*
Mari: "Waagh, are there more than last time?"
Calen: "Oh dear, how cute they are! Shuma-san, Shuma-san, may I bring a few home?"
Aoi: "......"
*Mari is alarmed at the number of dogs. Calen is in her own world as usual. For Aoi, it's high time that she got over the shame and self-hatred.*
*And Lycoris...*
Lycoris: "Did you expect I would say 'yes' just because you said I must let them go?"
*Well, that is so. Looking at the numbers, the difference in fighting power is very clear.*
*Those dogs are not only previously human, but also victims. I can't even strike a blow to them.*
Shuma: "Well then, your wish is to settle this in battle at whatever the cost."
Lycoris: "That's right. Ah, but if you, Shuma Embroche, surrender to Master Pumila quietly, I will think about it."
Mari: "How can he accept that?!"
Calen: "Truly. I have no idea what Lady Pumila is thinking, but we cannot accept such a thing."
*The two object before me. But actually, I don't mind.*
Lycoris: "In that case, I have no choice but to take Shuma Embroche away by force."
Shuma: "I dare you."
*At the moment Lycoris gets ready, we also prepare to fight.*
Aoi: "Lycoris! Wake up. Do you understand what you're doing?! It's still not too late, so come back to the Rubina!!"
Lycoris: "I do understand it, Aoi. And maybe it is you who needs to wake up."
Aoi: "What do you mean?"
Lycoris: "What do you think? It's easy to explain right here and now, but I'm sure it won't reach you in your current state."
*Aoi recovers herself and flares up at Lycoris.*
*Lycoris is now Iris' familiar, but I wonder how much of her consciousness is her own.*
Aoi: "Well, I didn't think I could persuade you in the beginning."
**Shiiiiing*!*
*Two short swords with a mysterious pattern on them appear in Aoi's hands.*
*They look cool. I wish she'd let me see them. No, not that. Concentrate!*
Lycoris: "Aoi, you're always so impatient. I'm not your only enemy. Do you understand?"
Aoi: "O-of course, I do."
*Calen said the same kind of thing to Aoi as her ex-partner just did. Is she always a bit of a disappointment?*
Lycoris: "Is that so? Then I will teach you clashing face to face is not the only way to fight."
Lycoris: "Okay, doggies..."
*Lycoris swings up her arm. I send an eye signal to Calen and Mari.*
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
*Seeing them nod in silence, I feel I can really trust them.*
*I expect she will make these dogs attack me as she did on campus, but now I have Mari and Calen with...*
Lycoris: "Flee now!"
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Lotus: "Oh?"
*Following Lycoris' order, the dogs run away in every direction.*
Aoi: "What?"
Mari: "Wawawa?!"
Calen: "Oh my, oh my."
*Instantly, all twenty or so dogs disappear from the riverside.*
Lotus: "If those dogs scatter throughout the town, they might cause all kinds of trouble."
Shuma: "Hey?! Calen! Mari! You two, please go after the dogs!"
Mari: "Eh, ah, yes!"
Calen: "It cannot be helped."
*For the time being, I leave the run-away dogs to Mari and Calen and concentrate on Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Well, well, is it okay to let go of the Officinalis who you can depend on the most?"
*That was her plan.*
*But Lycoris didn't know...*
Aoi: "Hmph. Who is dependent on that bat woman? I'm the one who stops you."
*...Aoi's physical abilities are increased.*
Aoi: "Sh!!"
*From a forward-bent posture, Aoi jumps in one stretch and reduces the distance to Lycoris.*
*In speed, there is no comparison.*
Lycoris: "What?!"
Aoi: "Lycoris! You're a vampire now, so it'll be okay if you get hurt a little!!"
*Aoi produces successive thrusting assaults with her twin daggers.*
*They are so fierce that my eyes can barely follow them. To me, they look like nothing but running streaks of light.*
Lycoris: "Oops!! Close!! You!!"
Aoi: "Haaaaaaaah!!"
*Aoi pushes her one-sided offense and Lycoris sticks to defense.*
*The scene looks like a copy of the previous fight. However, unlike the past, Aoi's movement doesn't lose speed. On the contrary, it gradually becomes sharper.*
Lycoris: "Damn."
*To escape from a closing in Aoi, Lycoris picks Aoi's breathing rhythm, swings her scythe horizontally and steps back at the same time.*
*She successfully gains distance.*
Lycoris: "Look, what is this, suddenly you're powered up like that? This is foul. A cheat."
Aoi: "Phew...don't make me laugh. You're the one who became a vampire first."
Lycoris: "*Gasp*, Aoi, did you become Shuma Embroche's familiar?! You, you are a disgrace to the Rubina, I say!"
Aoi & Shuma: "Look who's talking!!"
*Without even thinking, I butt in with Aoi.*
*Anyway, Aoi who's been powered up from my life force is now a sufficient match against Lycoris.*
Aoi: "Me like this...Lycoris! I can stop you!!"
Lycoris: "Really, you are always difficult."
*Two repeats of clash and separation.*
*It's obvious I will only be a burden right now.*
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "Shuma, you yourself have a thing to do. Understand?"
*The voice in my head... I nod to my father's words in my mind. I separate myself from the superhuman battle and look at the strange creature in front of me.*
*The reason I left that bunch of scattering dogs to Calen and Mari is this one.*
Tick: "......"
*In my father's opinion, the fastest way to save the ones who were turned into dogs, is to defeat the master of the familiars.*
Lotus: "For your growth, it would be better to absorb a large amount of life force now, but you threw a tantrum and insisted you didn't want to."
*When did I throw a tantrum? Well, it is physically difficult for me to suck the blood of that many people, so if I don't need to suck it, it's better.*
Lotus: "You sucked Kaede-chan's blood so happily. Really, you make me enviou... no, you make things hard for me. Oh, yes, tell me later in detail how it tasted."
*Am I imagining things? Only when Kaede is involved, he gets weirdly excited, well, more like becomes annoying.*
Lotus: "Now now, you must concentrate, Shuma. You are in front of the enemy."
Shuma: "...!"
*Who's fault is this?! I hold back the urge to scream these words, then focus my senses on the creature in front of me.*
*Why does this thing stay still while Lycoris and Aoi are battling it out? What is it thinking?*
Tick: "......"
*I don't know what move it will make. It would be a bit easier if I could see it's facial expression, but does this thing even have any expressions?*
Shuma: "......"
*The only things I know about this creature so far, are that it transforms itself into a dog, and can do the same to humans.*
Tick: "......"
Shuma: "............"
*...No words.*
Shuma: "Hey."
Tick: "......"
Shuma: "Hey, are you listening?"
*The distance between us is less than five meters. If this creature meant to attack me, it would have made a move a long time ago.*
*It's much harder to deal with as it makes no responses. An eerie silence.*
*If it doesn't make a move, I must do it first.*
*Clenching my fist and using the extra life force I gained from sucking Aoi's blood, I boost my life force as learned from my father.*
Lotus: "Right. You are still wasting some life force, but it's passable. You need practice."
*I put superhuman power in my fist and run to shorten our distance at once.*
Shuma: "Aaaaah!!!"
*I'll give it my all, go straight and throw a straight right jab at him!!*
**Punch*!*
Shuma: "Ugh?!!!!"
*My fist that I put all my strength into pierces the creature just as I aimed. However, the creature is motionless. My enemy doesn't move an inch.*
*As I expected to give some damage, I cannot deal with the situation from the front. I'm lost and within my enemy's reach.*
Lotus: "Shuma!!"
Shuma: "Ugh?! Ghah?!!"
*My father's voice brings me back. As soon as I try to regain my distance, my body is restrained by the creature as if it were embracing me.*
Shuma: "Ugh, hey, let me go!!"
Lotus: "Oh...what is this? This unique bear hug..."
Shuma: "Not the time to be saying...*cough*."
*The tighter the hold gets, the more difficult it is to breathe.*
*I must get out of this hold somehow!!*
*I move my arms and legs frantically, but the hold never loosens up. Damn, I'm already boosting my power with my life force!!*
Aoi: "Shuma?!"
Lycoris: "It seems we have secured Shuma Embroche. Oh, Aoi, you're better off playing with me some more."
Aoi: "Tsk!!"
Lycoris: "Now now, let's have more fun, Aoi."
Aoi: "Wait for me! I'll get there as soon as I catch Lycoris."
Shuma: "...Ugggggggh!"
*I hear Aoi's voice in the distance. Not good. I'm losing consciousness.*
Iris/???: "Is that all, Shuma Embroche?"
*I hear the creature's voice for the first time. It sounds cute against its looks...but I've heard this voice somewhere...*
Shuma: "U...gh..."
Iris/???: "I expected you would do better... You give me no other choice. I shouldn't take my time over this, so I shall force my way."
Shuma: "What, you...?"
*While I'm half conscious, the creature fills up my field of vision. If it comes closer, its face is going to bump into mine...*
**Cruuuuush*!*
Shuma: "Mggggggggg!!!"
Aoi & Lycoris: "Ah."
*My mouth is sealed by something. I don't know what it is.*
*And a hot, thick and heavy thing is poured into it.*
Shuma: "Mmmm...*gulp, gulp*..."
Aoi & Lycoris: "Gosh."
*To keep breathing, I am forced to swallow the thing which is pouring in.*
*I wish I could faint. When I think so, the hold is gone. I fall down on the ground and choke.*
Shuma: "*Cough...cough...COUGH*!!"
*I don't accept this. I cannot accept this. I don't want to accept this.*
Lotus: "Boy, that was a deep kiss scene nobody would benefit from. Do you have any thoughts?"
Shuma: "I don't accept it!!"
*Ewww...I was violated. I was kissed by this weird creature.*
Lotus: "It seems all the life force kept inside was drained into Shuma. The familiar has disappeared for now."
Shuma: "Where should I direct my anger...?"
Aoi & Lycoris: "Eek!"
*When I look around, I see Lycoris standing face to face with Aoi.*
*Here we go. The other cause of all this.*
Lotus: "Hm. This life force's characteristic... Is this what she's aiming for? Shuma, calm dow..."
Shuma: "RIGHT THERE."
Lycoris: "Oops. I have a bad feeling about this! Er... f-flee!!"
Aoi: "Ah, Wait!! *Shriek*?!"
*I leap at my target, but miss her by a narrow margin.*
*The ground is caved in with a not-so-small hole, but it's not even worth my attention.*
*Quickly, I change my direction and jump toward an escaping Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Whoa!! Don't come this way!!"
Shuma: "NO ESCAPIN'!!"
*.........*
Aoi: "Wha, What's going on?! Wait up, heeeey!!"
*Neck and neck, Lycoris and I jump throughout the city until we end up on a large bridge.*
*A nice breeze blows through, but right now I have only one thing on my mind.*
Lycoris: "Haa, haa. Darn, you're so fast... I can't believe I can't shake you off."
Shuma: "DON'T RUN AWAY! A little bit. Just a little bit is fine. All I need is for you to accept me."
Lycoris: "Eh? W-why are you asking me that out of the blue? You see, we are enemies..."
Lycoris: "Ah, but if Shuma comes under Master Pumila, we'll be on the same side and I won't have any problems, right? Well, but what are the problems?!"
Lotus: "She is confused and that makes her cute. But what Shuma probably means is..."
Shuma: "LOOK, NOW ACCEPT MY FIST!!"
Lotus: "Monster, eat my fist!"
Lycoris: "You meant that by 'accept'?! WTF?!"
Shuma: "I MISSED. *Staaare*..."
Lycoris: "You can stare at me as if saying, 'Why don't you accept?' all you want, but 'no' is 'no'."
Lycoris: "But, this is seriously bad. This is the power of a progenitor. What? Then am I already...?"
Shuma: "I'LL GET IT THIS TIME!"
Lycoris: "Darn. Still I don't want to get hurt! But, I don't think I can escape either. Then, there's only one thing left to do!!"
*Right in font of me, Lycoris stands ready with her large scythe.*
*I'll drive my fist right into her this time. This is my revenge.*
Lotus: "It seems Shuma is affected badly by the massive life force... What shall I do? ...That's it!"
Lotus: "Shuma, all-out. Go all-out. If you do it at all, boost all of your life force and strike Lycoris with it."
*All-out?*
Lotus: "Aren't you interested? The Ultimate strike, the best possible you can produce now."
*The Ultimate strike. That sounds cool.*
*Concentrate everything whirling within me into my right hand!!*
*All, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, ALL, ALL, ALL...*
Shuma: "Wooooooo!!!"
Lycoris: "Eh, what? This is seriously not funny..."
Lotus: "Now, Shuma. Show off your full strength."
*Concentrate. Concentrate the strength. Where? Into my right arm. Everything. All of it into my right arm.*
*Hot. I want to release it. Now. I want to strike now. With this right arm. Strike what?*
Shuma: "Anything!!"
Lycoris: "Eek!!"
*I dash at my target and bring down my arm still gathering momentum.*
*I feel the crashing of asphalt and steel frames. The urge for destruction whirling inside me has been swept away by the impact felt through my right arm.*
Lycoris: "Haha, as long as I don't get hit, everything is fine! Anyway, accepting that is impossible!"
*When I come to my senses, I see Lycoris dodging my attack with a back flip.*
Lycoris: "Sorry, Shuma Embroche. I was surprised by your bold move, but you're still no match for me."
*But she leaves herself wide open for an attack...*
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
Aoi: "Lycoris!!!!!"
*Aoi never misses a chance like this.*
Lycoris: "Argh, aah?!"
*The twin swords slash Lycoris' upper body! Fresh blood splatters.*
Aoi: "Ah."
*Lycoris releases her scythe. She was blown away by the impact and hits the ground hard. Her body bounces once and springs into the distance.*
*But in a few seconds, Lycoris releases the shock by doing a handstand with one hand, then stands up as if to jump.*
Lycoris: "Ugh, I'm...defeated."
*With blood dripping down, Lycoris has lost her usual composure.*
*And just at the moment when I think it's a chance to catch her.*
Lycoris: "Huh?"
Shuma: "W-what? Eh?"
*A distinctly abnormal sound rings out.*
*...The source the sound is...at my feet.*
*There in the asphalt I broke...*
Shuma: "Crack?!!"
Aoi: "What is this?!"
Lotus: "That was a strike produced by massive life force. It was for bringing you back to your senses, but still far more powerful than I expected. You've grown up, Shuma."
*My father's words makes me realize how deeply I was out of control. That was really bad.*
*Even while I'm thinking like this, the crack spreads more and more...the bridge begins to crumble.*
Lycoris: "Tsk...! I used up my life force to cure my wound... I must retreat!"
Aoi: "I won't let you escape."
Lycoris: "...Aoi...?!"
*Aoi bolts over the swaying bridge plates without hesitation.*
*Her shining twin daggers draw near the defenseless Lycoris...*
Aoi: "!!!"
Lycoris: "Waaah??!!"
*Before making full slashes, Aoi clashes against and pushes down Lycoris.*
Shuma: "EEEEH?!"
*I try to run to them, as they're about to be swallowed up by the crack, but I can't move my body very well.*
Lotus: "You do not have enough life force, so it's no use."
*Damn! Even if that's the case, I can't abandon them!!*
*I use all the life force still left in me to strengthen my legs and catch the two falling into the chasm.*
Aoi & Lycoris: "*Ack*!"
*Suddenly turned upside down, they scream with one voice. They really get along.*
Lycoris: "Hey, let me go!! Ack, where are you touching!! I'm gonna sue you!! Ouch, I bit my tongue."
Shuma: "Shut up! Stay still!! You're heavy!!"
Lycoris: "You're so rude calling me heavy!!"
Aoi: "Choking..."
*I use falling rubble for footing and try to escape the collapsing site.*
*Good, we still have a nice footing. If I use this...*
**Slip*!*
All Three: "Ah."
*The world is slowly turning upside down. No, it's not. I've lost my footing and, as if I missed doing a back-flip, my back gets caught by gravity and I...*
All Three: "Faaaalling?!!"
*We dive straight into the river.*
Mari: "...Phew. Somehow we did it. Even though it was upsetting when they suddenly turned back to humans."
Calen: "The control of life force was gone, so it was easy to brainwash them."
Mari: "So what happened?"
*We almost drowned, but somehow managed to swim to the riverbank and finally meet up with Mari and Calen who went after the dogs.*
*My lack of life force and exhaustion have reached their peak, and it's a hassle to even open my mouth. So I search for Aoi to leave the explaining to her.*
Aoi: "Lycoris... I... Lycoris, with my own hands..."
*She's feeling down for some reason.*
Mari: "She got Master's life force, didn't she? She might be slightly depressed from the reaction."
Aoi: "Damn, vampires are good-for-nothing after all..."
Aoi: "Ph-phew...!"
Shuma: "H-hey...Aoi?!"
Aoi: "...*Zzzzzz*..."
*She falls asleep.*
Shuma: "Well, she must be tired. Body and soul."
*Aoi is okay for now.*
Calen: "So, let's leave that one be. Our problem is this."
Lycoris: "Aaugh, let me go, what are you doing to me?"
*So here's Lycoris. Actually, she had fallen down hard like me.*
Mari: "I tied her up for the time being."
*Mari, good job.*
*Lycoris cannot move an inch, but she refuses to look pathetic. She holds her head high and says...*
Lycoris: "Damn, kill me."
Lycoris: "Wow, I wanted to say this line once."
*That's good...*
*No. I don't have enough life force and cannot butt in on her comment.*
*I want blood. I'm terribly thirsty.*
Calen: "Well then, shall we be done with her quickly as she wishes?"
Mari: "No objection here."
Lycoris: "*Eek*!"
*Ah, they're serious.*
Shuma: "Please wait, you two!"
Mari: "I expected you would stop us. But what are you going to do? You won't demand we let her go, will you?"
Calen: "We cannot let her go, Shuma-san. We must punish her sufficiently."
Shuma: "Don't worry. I'm gonna do it now."
Lycoris: "W-what are you going to do? Punish?"
Shuma: "...Honestly, I am angry."
Lycoris: "Yes?"
Shuma: "You know, Sakurako, she is my friend. We are always in the same class and fooling around together. We are a man and woman, but we weren't like that before."
Shuma: "Kaede, too. She was just a cute and younger neighbor and attached to me, calling me 'Big Brother'. That was so cute. Like, it would be like this if I had a sister, so cute..."
Mari: "How many times did he say 'cute'?"
Calen: "Oh my, is he forgetting I'm the official wife?"
*A chill in my body?!*
Shuma: "N-not just that! I involved so many...so many people that have nothing to do with us!"
Lycoris: "Hmph! You caused this because you escaped from Master Pumila!"
Shuma: "Yeah, I know that. It's all my fault! So I've decided I will beat that brat up!"
Lycoris: "Huh? I-it's impossible, for you."
Shuma: "Right. Impossible for me now. I will have blood, your blood!"
Lycoris: "...Eh?!"
*For Aoi and for this town, I must release her from Iris.*
*I've got an idea.*
*If she's controlled by Iris, all I need to do is to re-control her by biting her, right?*
Lycoris: "Ah, n-no no no."
*She caused great damage. I don't need to hesitate any more.*
Shuma: "Next is your turn, heeeeeeeey!!"
Lycoris: "He's not gonna attack meeeeee?! Is he?!"
*I leave Aoi to Mari. Calen and I are alone with Lycoris.*
Shuma: "See that bridge. What are you going to do? That's a small disaster."
Lycoris: "Y-you are the one who did it... Ugh!"
Shuma: "You made me do it!"
Shuma: "If YOU had not involved me in this, and YOU had not attacked everyone, turning them into my enemies, this wouldn't have happened!"
Lycoris: "L-look who's talking!"
Shuma: "I said I know, it's my fault, too! But that won't get rid of my frustration with you."
Shuma: "Get ready. I will release you now."
Lycoris: "What...*Eek*?!"
====================E-KYO02_04H_N.TXT====================
Lycoris: "Stop! Please stop! Let me go I say!"
Shuma: "I said I'm gonna punish you. You can't move anyway, so give up and accept it."
Lycoris: "So what is this? This pose?! What kind of punishment are you giving me?! A pervert! A pervert is here!"
Shuma: "Quit calling me that. Sakurako and Kaede, they were also a bit embarrassed as you are."
Lycoris: "That has nothing to do with me. One or two, no, if many humans have a bad time, I couldn't care less."
*This late in the game, she's still a live wire.*
Shuma: "Well, I'm responsible for having embarrassed them, too."
Lycoris: "Yes, yes, it is so. Everything, all of it is your fault!"
Lycoris: "If you understand that, you should be a good boy and allow yourself to be taken to Master Pumila. I will take you, so let me go!"
Shuma: "Listen, this is important. The reason I embarrassed them is my bite seems to stimulate women a lot, sexually. And they reach orgasm with just that."
Shuma: "Then, after they go limp, they always pee right there."
*So far it's a 100% success rate.*
Lycoris: "......"
*Oh, she finally gets quiet.*
Lycoris: "I've been thinking about this since I saw you for the first time."
Lycoris: "You're a real perv, I knew it!"
Shuma: "I don't make anyone pee because I want to! I don't have that kind of fetish either!"
*But today, I need to do it to neither Sakurako nor Kaede. To this one.*
Lycoris: "Ah, your punishment means peeing?! No way, stop now!"
Shuma: "I'm happy to bite today!"
Lycoris: "Eek...!"
*I bite into Lycoris' pale neck that shines in the moonlight. I gnaw without hesitation.*
Lycoris: "...Ah, uaah, s-stop...mmm..."
*No need to restrain or control myself. I can suck as much life force as I want!*
Lycoris: "Mm...mmm, hhaa, a-aah! Aaaah, awwww...!"
*Everyone has suffered because of her. No need to hesitate...oh...again, it doesn't taste good at first.*
*But energy wells up each time I suck. I feel less and less hunger.*
*Aside from its taste, this life force fills up my body more than anything else.*
Lycoris: "Da...rnmmm, phew...! Aw, awful...really really bitten by this half vampire."
*Uh-no, it doesn't work well? Both Sakurako and Kaede were released and mesmerized as soon as I sucked their blood.*
Lycoris: "Urrgh! Mmmhaah...! You bit me, so let me go. Let me go now! *Gasp*...!"
*Is this because her master is Iris? I cannot suck out all the life force controlling Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Let me go now! Shuma Embroche...! It feels...good...! That can't be so! It can't!"
*But the control is certainly becoming weaker. It's good for now. If I suck more than this I might get sick.*
Shuma: "Phewhhaa... You are really tough. Even though you look so shameful!"
Lycoris: "Who's fault is that?! Aww! Shumaaa...! Grrrrr!!"
Shuma: "This is kind of funny."
Shuma: "Now we're gonna start the punishment."
*It seems I succeeded in pushing out Iris' life force that was controlling Lycoris.*
*I don't feel any danger from Lycoris like before.*
Lycoris: "Huh? I'm... Where am I... And you...?"
====================E-KYO02_05.TXT====================
Shuma: "Like, you needed fucking that much to come to your senses. How deeply were you being controlled? Or was it that you enjoyed it so much because that's what you like to do?"
Lycoris: "That's not! It means your mesmerization was really strong. Darn. For Lycoris, the most beautiful hunter in the Rubina, it was the gravest blunder of my life to succumb to a vampire!"
Lycoris: "A vampire? Huh, I..."
*The fact that Lycoris said that kind of thing. This means...*
Shuma: "Success! Right on!!"
Calen: "It seems to have worked."
Mari: "You enjoyed yourself."
*My vampire group, on time as usual!*
Aoi: "Waah, don't drag me."
*Aoi wakes up, too.*
Lycoris: "...Aoi, did you wake up?"
Aoi: "Lycoris?! Yeah, here, I'm up. I slept well! Full of energy!"
Lycoris: "Your energy doesn't matter, seriously. Calm down, idiot."
Aoi: "Aah, the usual Lycoris! I'm glad...!!"
*Touching reunion... Well, kind of not right to call it that, but still...*
Shuma: "Good, Aoi."
Aoi: "Yes...really good."
*Eh, Aoi is letting her guard down?*
Lycoris: "Aoi...I don't mind that you cut me. So you shouldn't mind it either."
Lycoris: "It's all my fault as I was controlled by a vampire."
Aoi: "That's not... I'm sorry... I'm supposed to be your friend!"
Lycoris: "I said I didn't mind. Leave it at that, because there's something I need to tell you, Aoi..."
Aoi: "Eh? Do you have to tell me now?"
*Aoi's question is understandable. Even though her wound is healed already, it's true that Lycoris was cut with one vigorous stroke. Aoi must be worried about the possible consequences to her body.*
Lycoris: "Don't worry about me. I want everyone to listen to me. Do you remember, Aoi? A few weeks after we arrived in this town..."
Aoi: "Er, about the time you were attacked by some enemy...?"
Lycoris: "Correct... I was ambushed by Iris Pumila's familiar and had my body invaded. Then I was taken control of...and turned into a vampire."
Mari: "I see. I was wondering how Lady Pumila turned Lycoris-san into a familiar. Now I know how."
Shuma: "But Lycoris was released from her control so she's okay, isn't she?"
Mari: "Master..."
*Eh? Why is she looking at me like "good grief"?*
Calen: "Shuma-san, did you successfully eliminate Lady Pumila's familiar in her body?"
Shuma: "Well? No... I don't know."
Lotus: "Don't you remember, Shuma? You were not able to absorb all the life force, so you forcibly washed it away. With creampie sex."
Shuma: "Don't say creampie."
Calen: "Yes?"
Shuma: "Oh, nothing. So if I sum up her story, Iris' familiar that was inside Lycoris still exists, correct?"
Lycoris: "It's highly likely. Just in case, the name of that familiar is 'Ladybug' and it looks like a shadow..."
Ladybug: "......"
Aoi: "What?!"
Calen: "This is...!"
Mari: "Lady Pumila's..."
Shuma: "Ladybug."
*As if corresponding to Lycoris' muttering, the black shadow creeps upon us.*
Lycoris: "Mmmwwwwaaaaaaaaaahhhh!"
Aoi: "Lycoris?!"
*Lycoris screams loudly in agony.*
*At the same time, the black shadow overlaps Lycoris, then disappears.*
*It is so quick, all we can do is watch.*
Lycoris: "*Panting*... Ahahahaha!!"
Shuma: "H-hey, Lycoris?"
Mari: "Master, be careful! That human is no more..."
Lycoris: "Aah, hahaha! Back to life! I am!!"
*She looks 50% more stupid...which means?!*
Aoi: "Lycoris...you...no way..."
Calen: "Oh dear. She's gone back to the way she was."
Shuma: "I knew it!"
Lycoris: "Phew! Just as I thought, this fits me better. This feeling, the energy I feel brimming from deep inside my body...feels right!! Truly, it does! Ahahahaha!!"
Aoi: "Tsk, then I will disable you again!!"
*Aoi draws her twin daggers and slashes at Lycoris but...*
*As if it were nothing, Lycoris dodges the attack and jumps.*
Lycoris: "Thank you very much, I do, Shuma Embroche. Because you poured your life force into me, I feel better than usual."
Lycoris: "But, I retreat today. Next time, it won't go easy, Shuma Embroche!!"
Aoi: "Wait, Lycoris! Please, please wait!"
Lycoris: "Aoi..."
Lycoris: "If you are getting in my way, I'll eliminate you altogether."
Aoi: "Lycoris!!"
*................*
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
Shuma: "She changed so quickly. Control is scary."
Mari: "What are you saying? You can easily do the same thing once you awaken, Master."
Calen: "Even I can exert that much control. Our problem is that the controlling is being done by Lady Pumila."
Shuma: "So, even if we are done with the shadow, as long as Iris exists, the same thing will be repeated again?"
Mari: "Most likely."
Aoi: "I'll help her at any cost. Lycoris is my friend."
*Frustrated, Aoi keeps staring over the bridge where Lycoris disappeared.*
Mari: "Oh, I saw these eyes somewhere else."
*Words exchanged between Lycoris and Aoi have made me think, too.*
*If I had been more careful, I might have been able to kill Ladybug.*
Lotus: "Don't be bothered by it too much. If you start thinking "what if", there will be no end. Now you know the existence of Ladybug. All you need is to use that knowledge for next time."
*I nod at my father's encouragement in my mind, but there's still some bad-feeling inside me.*
Aoi: "Lycoris...!"
Iris: "I shall hear your report."
Lycoris: "I'd like to ask you one thing before that."
Iris: "What is it?"
Lycoris: "Is it Master Pumila who gave life force to Shuma Embroche?"
Iris: "Correct. He seemed to remain an imbecile, so I funneled life force into him against his will."
Iris: "Because of it, I lost my "eyes". So, what happened after?"
Lycoris: "It is you, Master Pumila, who gave life force to Shuma Embroche through Tick-chan. Thanks to you, I had a terrible time."
Iris: "Well. What happened?"
Lycoris: "Well..."
Iris: "He destroyed a bridge with one strike..."
Lycoris: "Yes."
Iris: "Meanwhile, that little Rubina girl seized an opportunity and gave you a severe blow, then you were brought back to being human once...and..."
Iris: "Hmph."
Lycoris: "Did you laugh at me?!"
Iris: "No, I am glad that you have been willing to sacrifice yourself for this. It could not be easily done to lose your virginity for it."
Lycoris: "Th-that time, your control was almost gone!!"
Iris: "And?"
Lycoris: "Er...what do you mean 'and'?"
Iris: "Did Embroche's life force feel good?"
Lycoris: "Aww...it did."
Iris: "I can see it even through this mirror. The life force in your body has been revitalized. Impressive, Embroche, I do say."
Iris: "Still, if he had awakened as a progenitor, the familiar would not have had enough energy left to possess you again."
Lycoris: "That is...yes, I think so."
Iris: "According to the dogs that checked into the matter, their interference has been increasing. Really...what a bother!"
Lycoris: "Well..."
Iris: "None of your concern. As for you, keep collecting life force. I shall send a new familiar to you later."
Lycoris: "Y-yes!"
Iris: "Then, go. You are so filled with energy, you will not succumb to the Rubina girl next time."
Lycoris: "Understood."
Iris: "Hmm, I do not dislike the exchange like this but...it is irksome, too. It is bothersome to be old."
Iris: "...It is worrying that the interference is increasing, but I must deal with it as it comes about."
Iris: "Indeed. Your blood does not bore me, Aconite."
*Sunlight burns my eyes, waking me up.*
Shuma: "Maybe I should put on an eye mask and go back to sleep."
Lotus: "That is one way."
Shuma: "Ah...you, Father. I fell asleep with this still on."
*The voice echoing in my head the first thing in the morning puts me on guard, but soon I relax and look at the pendant around my neck.*
*It's kind of late to say this now, but it's a strange feeling. I am talking like this with my father who I didn't know still existed.*
Lotus: "Good morning, Shuma. Is it not about the time Maritima comes to wake you up?"
Shuma: "Yeah."
*I give a nod and get ready to leave.*
*One two, three four.*
Mari: "Five six, seven eight. There, good morning. Are you awake now?"
Shuma: "I'm getting more sleepy."
Mari: "Then, let's do some more exercise. Here's a broom."
*Huh? What is "Master" again?*
Lotus: "Maritima is also growing up."
Kaede: "Mari-chan, good morning to you. Ah, Big Brother, good morning."
Lotus: "Good morning, Kaede-chan!"
*Don't get excited so suddenly. And besides, she can't hear you.*
Shuma: "Hey, Kaede! Did you take out the garbage?"
Kaede: "Yep. I was sick for some time and couldn't do the house chores."
Mari: "Good morning..."
Shuma: "Hey, Mari, you gotta give a greeting more properly. Straighten up."
Mari: "I don't want to be told by Master who was half asleep until a second ago. Mmm, don't pet my fluffy-fluffy!"
Mari: "Good morning, Kaede-san!"
Kaede: "Ah, ahaha... You two are getting along well today, too."
Shuma: "By the way, Kaede..."
Mari: "Are you feeling better now?"
Kaede: "Eh? A-ah, yep. I'm totally okay."
Mari: "I'm not just asking about your missing school because of a cold...well, I mean...see, about that night..."
Kaede: "Night? Ah! I was with Big Brother all the time and had lots of fun. Why?"
Mari: "Ah, aah, nothing! Really nothing, if it's nothing to you, it's alright, really."
Kaede: "Your tea is very delicious too. Thank you for having me."
Shuma: "Hey, Mari, you do care about Kaede."
Mari: "Please don't grin like that!"
Kaede: "Big Brother, Big Brother!"
Shuma: "Yeah?"
Kaede: "Mari-chan is worried about me."
Mari: "Ah, not like that, just..."
Shuma: "Hahaha, she is shy with new 'people'. You are too, right?"
Kaede: "Y-yes...but, but!"
Kaede: "We are neighbors. She is living with you, Big Brother. So I want to get along with her...I think."
Mari: "I think I'm already doing that so..."
Kaede: "Yup."
Shuma: "Good for you, Mari!"
Mari: "Why do you say that to me?"
Kaede: "Hehehe, Big Brother."
*Happily, Kaede looks up at me. Her innocent gestures are cute.*
Lotus: "Kaede-chan, *panting*..."
*...I lose if I care about this.*
*My eyes happen to meet Kaede's. She stares straight at my face, in a way that's almost unnatural.*
Shuma: "...W-what is it, Kaede?"
Kaede: "...Huh? Ah, nothing. Really nothing."
Kaede: "Ah, it's time for me to go to school now. I have to feed everybody!"
Kaede: "Bye, Big Brother and Mari-chan. See you in school."
Mari: "Well, you're telling me to get along with her, so you must be planning to have her as a mistress and not as food."
Shuma: "That was beyond my control."
Shuma: "Phew..."
*Guessing from our conversation, everything seems to be alright with Kaede.*
*...Calen seems to have done something to her memories.*
*I can feel relieved for the time being.*
Mari: "First Sakurako-san and now Kaede-san. It took time but they are the fruits of Master's effort. As your servant, I am happy."
Mari: "So, with Lady Calen as your official wife, I hope you will continue on to have at least 50 mistresses. For that, you must bite the girls around school!"
Calen: "*Zzzzzz*♪"
*My so-called official wife is living free from worldly cares this morning as usual.*
Shuma: "I know it goes against your expectation, but I don't mean to do that."
Mari: "You already took two innocent girls' virginity. Let's prepare you for it, prepare! Ah, if we include the ex-Rubina, that's three girls."
Shuma: "I won't do that again! Humans are creatures that can grow up. Me, too!"
Mari: "Master, you are a vampire. Then, are you going to narrow in on Sakurako-san, Kaede-san and Aoi-san? Ah, and Lycoris?"
Shuma: "I'll take on my responsibility. But I don't have a plan..."
Mari: "Just, I am saying, all you need to do is suck as much blood as you can quickly, and awaken as a progenitor."
Shuma: "I'm human!"
*After all that's happened, Lycoris has escaped and we've welcomed the morning without solving anything.*
Calen: "In any case, it was fanciful and warmed my heart up last night."
Mari: "Completely. I wish all humans would turn into dogs, then I could get along with them."
Calen: "I dearly hope Lycoris-san will cause more fun events like that one from now on."
Mari: "Master's action was like in a movie, too."
Calen: "That is true. It was really like the one who has a progenitor's blood within him.
Mari: "Because he broke a bridge with one strike. I wish I could have seen it with my own eyes."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
*The sudden collapse of that bridge is a hot topic in today's news.*
*Of course. The bridge collapsed out of the blue.*
*So far, while some attribute it to a meteorite, others to its age, the cause is still just speculation and no one thinks it was done by a human.*
Shuma: "Actually, I can't feel I did it myself."
Mari: "Oh? You are bold. The usual Master would keep worrying about what he did."
Shuma: "That's...true."
*Can this be the effect of becoming a vampire...? I wonder.*
Calen: "It is a waste of time to think about minor details, so it's a good inclination for you. They say nothing is unbreakable."
Shuma: "Are you consoling me?"
Calen: "Well, Shuma-san, your impression upon me has become more favorable.
Mari: "So easy."
Shuma: "That's not it."
Lotus: "It is a fact that you lost control of yourself, Shuma. It's dangerous to keep that much life force within you before awakening."
Lotus: "It is better for you to become a progenitor slowly and carefully."
*So it is decided that I will be a progenitor. Is it impossible now to get out of it?*
Mari: "So, what are you going to do, Master?"
*I begin to feel gloomy from this start of the day, but Mari's words remind me nothing has been finished yet.*
Shuma: "Ah, Lycoris will cause trouble so I'll catch her and kill the shadow called 'Ladybug' this time. It would be best if I found her before she does anything, but that will be difficult."
Mari: "We don't know where she will show up."
Calen: "And you will deal with Lady Pumila in time. Is that correct?"
Mari: "Of course you will defeat her!"
Shuma: "No really, as long as she stops attacking me, it'll be okay."
Mari: "You are soft, Master. As you are to be a progenitor, please show your mettle by controlling the old woman and turning her into your servant!"
Calen: "Oh my, Mari-san. As long as she herself is not present, you are quite mighty."
Mari: "A barking dog seldom bites!"
Calen: "You understand very well."
*What a sketch comedy!*
Calen: "Honestly speaking, how ever many of Lady Pumila's familiars you kill, it would be like pummeling mushy rice bran."
*Yup. So many things mixed in, but I've guessed what you're trying to say, Calen.*
Mari: "Come to think of it, Master...you don't look very tired today even though you almost fell asleep in the sunlight."
Shuma: "Now that you mention it...well, I don't have an urge to suck blood so far."
Lotus: "Last night, you absorbed enough life force from Lycoris. Because of it, I can talk to you often like this."
*Seriously.*
Mari: "You're on a great course! Let's keep growing rapidly as a vampire! For the time being, biting girls at school!"
Shuma: "Thanks but no thanks."
Calen: "Sucking blood. Come to think of it, I am hungry, too."
Shuma: "...Don't touch Sakurako."
Calen: "I understand. Hehe."
*Anyway, as long as Iris, the main troublemaker is far away across the ocean, I can focus on Lycoris who is the present obstacle.*
*However, Lycoris herself is elusive. Even if I try to seek her out, all I can do is wait for her to make a move.*
*What am I gonna do when we meet? Can I really deal with someone like Lycoris even if I get the jump on her?*
Shuma: "Alright! To hell with it! I'm gonna to start some special training!"
Lotus: "Right. You might be able to handle it as you are now, Shuma."
*Eh?*
Mari: "So it is. Then let's begin your special training. Here."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Aoi: "Hello. I'm a vampire hunter. I've come for your life!"
Shuma: "――――――"
Aoi: "Shuma-sama, I've got tomato juice for you. Please take it!"
Calen: "Ah-ah, mine, mine!"
Aoi: "What?! No, was I sucking up to him again?! Stupid, I'm really stupid!"
Mari: "Really, this one has no tolerance. Are you honestly from the Rubina?"
Aoi: "I AM! But somehow...he's hard to deal with. Chemistry..."
Shuma: "Good chemistry between us, you say?"
Aoi: "A bad one. I don't like you. Go away! Shoo!"
*No one is on my side.*
Shuma: "Why do you still try to cut me from behind? Are you stupid?"
Aoi: "It's absolutely annoying to be called 'stupid' by you...hmph. I thought about it again and decided not to depend on you after all."
Sakurako: "Good Morning! Oh, what's up, Aoi? You're certainly energetic today. Here comes a good morning hug!"
Aoi: "Whoa?! Don't hold on to me so suddenly like that. Too friendly...!"
Calen: "Mari-san, I'd like to have some tomato juice."
Mari: "Yes, certainly. I will have it ready immediately."
*Mari runs to a vending machine while Aoi and Sakurako fool around. I leave them and walk over to the daughter of a progenitor who is elegant in sunlight but looks exhausted.*
Calen: "Why is my seat near the window?"
Shuma: "You wished to have a seat near me, didn't you? If you don't like it, use your brainwashing as usual and get another one."
Calen: "I will stay here."
*A lady is hard to please.*
Calen: "All those who became dogs turned back to normal except for a few."
Shuma: "Some seem to be absent from school. Like Suzuki-san, who was a chihuahua."
*A chihuahua is small. She was forced to walk a lot. I hope she came out of it with only muscle aches.*
Shuma: "Yesterday was tough... As far as dogs go, Mari is enough for me."
Calen: "Shuma-san. It won't do for you to remain like that."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "I am your fiancee. Frankly speaking, you keep disappointing me, Shuma-san."
*As usual, she speaks clearly and decisively.*
Calen: "...*Sigh*. I say, why is someone like yourself the next progenitor of the Embroche?"
Shuma: "Yet you stay with me."
Calen: "I have my position to consider."
Shuma: "Just as I thought, this isn't something worth worrying about for Calen. Even if people in this town are attacked."
Calen: "You make it hard for me to answer when you put it that way. But I am not that cold-hearted."
Shuma: "It's like 'no skin off my back'."
Calen: "Now, Shuma-san. The reason I was sent to you as fiancee... That is for a marriage of convenience. Please think carefully about the meaning of this?"
Shuma: "If that's so, what are you going to do with grandma, Iris?"
Calen: "We will deal with Lady Pumila politically. In any case, once I am married to you, Shuma-san, that will be it."
Calen: "She is not bold enough to play against the Embroche and the Officinalis together at the same time."
*That means Calen's family also has no plan to actively do something against Iris.*
Shuma: "Still, I want to put things right about Lycoris. I cannot just watch innocent bystanders get attacked... Because I am the cause."
Shuma: "I can say this now, but honestly...your staying with me helps and makes me feel at ease."
Calen: "Well, it takes a lot of effort for a gentleman to recover his trust once it falls."
Shuma: "Haha, it's supposed to be a political move...but like this, you'll go back home before getting married."
Calen: "We can nurture love after our marriage."
Shuma: "Mmm. You are very gentle."
Calen: "Oh dear, what are you saying all of a sudden? Hehe."
Shuma: "Like about Sakurako, you're helping me out a lot."
Calen: "I am not good at thinking about minor details♪"
Calen: "*Sigh*, we are vampires, so why, for whatever sad reason, do we always have to have lunch on the rooftop? Mari-san, tea please."
Mari: "Come to think of it, that's true, but whatever. Tea is served. Here, please."
Shuma: "Phew. It was a delicious meal."
Aoi: "I ended up having lunch with you again."
Shuma: "If you don't like it, you should have gone with Sakurako."
Aoi: "Then, go do something with that bat woman."
Shuma: "Then, don't attack me. Calen has a heart too. That's why she doesn't make you a vampire."
Aoi: "*Sigh*. Unlike you, Calen is possible of something like that."
Shuma: "It seems I can do it too if I try a little harder."
Aoi: "You don't need to try hard, for that. Or do you desire to become more popular?"
*I scan around the rooftop.*
*Female students glance toward me and, shyly and quickly, lower their eyes. I feel as if I'm sitting on thorns.*
Aoi: "Looks like you're pretty popular today too, sweet prince. Or maybe they don't like you at all?"
Shuma: "They're cautious about you and won't come near us. You've started putting up your guard against me again."
Aoi: "That was from the beginning! And not only that, but also..."
Shuma: "Ah, you peed!"
Aoi: "Forget it!!"
Shuma: "Hahaha. It was fun watching Aoi trying to hold her pee."
Aoi: "Don't say it, forget it, stop, noooo."
*Aoi turns red very easily. And only a little poke can panic her.*
*At first glance, she looks unapproachable but it's easy to break her walls, which makes her cute.*
Lotus: "Shuma, you are more on the side of the sadist. I'm on the masochist side."
*Lolicon and masochist... He's beyond saving.*
Aoi: "I say this! Not only did you watch me peeing, you also bit me...!"
Shuma: "We had no other choice back then."
Aoi: "Listen. I wasn't turned into a vampire, but there's no mistake I was injected with your evil power."
Aoi: "Me, the vampire hunter...by YOU...!"
Shuma: "I am sorry about that."
Aoi: "And...do you understand? I almost killed Lycoris!"
Aoi: "I didn't know it myself, why I went that far. I was angry from the bottom of my heart."
Lotus: "The boost from life force can intoxicate the mind. Do you remember it, Shuma?"
Shuma: "It's like a side effect...surely troublesome."
Aoi: "As for helping me! I appreciate it. Thanks..."
Aoi: "But not next time! Don't bite me again! I don't want to repeat that. Lycoris is my friend."
Shuma: "I see."
Aoi: "But...if you insist..."
Shuma: "No, don't force yourself. I understand you don't like being bitten by me."
Aoi: "*Groan*..."
Shuma: "The opponent is Lycoris who's been vampirized by Iris. But to be exact, the shadow called 'Ladybug' is possessing her."
Shuma: "Well, Aoi, you are okay. Without my power, you will..."
Aoi: "Okay I will do it. For Lycoris, we must cooperate with each other."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Aoi: "But! Biting me is kept as a last resort! Alright?"
Shuma: "Eh?"
*She says her words like a parting shot, then turns around and leaves the rooftop.*
Lotus: "No really, Shuma, didn't you know what was going on?"
*Eh, what do you mean?*
Mari & Calen: "*Staaare*..."
Shuma: "...What?"
Mari: "Nothing really, right, Lady Calen?"
Calen: "Truly. Nothing at all."
*Then please remove those dumbfounded looks off your faces!*
*After school.*
*We finish shopping, and go out of our way to the river area.*
*Now the sun is sinking in the west, and we see people walking their dogs here and there.*
Mari: "*Pissed off*! That mutt just gave me the hairy eyeball. I'll go and make her apologize."
Shuma: "Huh? Hey wai―"
*Before I finish my words to stop her, Mari runs to an old man walking his dog.*
*And thus begins a battle with neither honor nor humanity between dogs...*
*...which hasn't happened. I don't know what's going on, but they are laughing and talking with the old man included. I see no problem. Leave them be.*
Shuma: "......"
*As I turn away from Mari, I see the collapsed bridge whether I like it or not.*
*As I look it over again, I realize what I have done.*
Lotus: "Shuma, do you want power?"
Shuma: "Why ask me that all of a sudden?"
*I make sure nobody is around me, and reply to the ring hanging from my neck with a subtle voice.*
Lotus: "Well, I thought you might be able to handle it as you are now."
Shuma: "Right, you were saying something like that earlier."
*I've totally forgotten about it because of Aoi's sneak attack.*
Lotus: "When we consider a direct confrontation with Lady Pumila, you have a bigger problem than lack of skill."
Lotus: "If you continue to be out of control from absorbing a little extra life force, you'll end up hurting not only yourself, but also those whom you need to protect."
*Power without control does nothing but harm. I personally experienced that myself.*
Shuma: "But really, I don't need this power to begin with!"
**Whoosh*!!*
*I pick up a flat stone and chuck it across the water.*
*The stone flies across a pretty wide river, hitting the bank on the other side. It lands without ever touching the water even once.*
Lotus: "You've come to manage your strength pretty well."
Shuma: "Where? That was clearly not normal."
Lotus: "Even though you did it intentionally?"
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "But from this time on, it won't do to simply keep improving your muscles. You need an appropriate "weapon"."
Shuma: "A weapon?"
Lotus: "Shuma, don't you remember? When you were attacked the second time or so, you summoned a large sword with your body."
Shuma: "Ah...when Sakurako was turned into Lycoris' familiar."
*At that time, I was half conscious and barely remember what happened, but I do remember swinging a big sword.*
Lotus: "Right. The weapon that has been handed down through the Embroche family: "Deesse Morte"."
Shuma: "Deesse Morte..."
Lotus: "It is also known as "Goddess Arm" or "God of Death". It is the favorite sword of Aconite Embroche, the first progenitor of the Embroche family."
Shuma: "Hmm..."
Lotus: "You're not responding very much..."
*His voice suggests he is upset. But I have my own say.*
Shuma: "So, where is the sword?"
*He can explain its history and effects all he wants, but if I don't have it in my own hand, it's meaningless.*
Shuma: "Aren't you just going to say that you'll control my body again?"
Lotus: "I won't say that. Anyway, I won't be able to control you any longer, Shuma."
Shuma: "Really?"
Lotus: "I'm merely a thought body that resides in the ring. My life force is now so different from yours as you are growing as a vampire. It is impossible to take you over, even when your life force is close to being exhausted."
*Really? I'm becoming a vampire quicker than I realized.*
Lotus: "You can summon Deesse Morte anywhere with concentrated Embroche life force. Now, try."
Shuma: "That's it?! Do we need some kind of appropriate move, or like a summoning prayer?"
Lotus: "Mm? Nothing."
*He says "nothing".*
Lotus: "Even though I controlled you, you called it up by yourself once. So don't worry."
Shuma: "Well, that's true. Okay, I'll try."
*I stick out both my hands as if I were holding a sword at the ready.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "What's wrong?"
*My father talks to me quizzically while I've remained there for over ten seconds without moving.*
Shuma: "Well, I thought it may be better to say some kind of 'call' to summon it."
Lotus: "Ah, I see."
*A lukewarm response echoes in my brain. I mean a call is important, isn't it? It kind of directly connects to a motivation.*
Shuma: "Well, it's okay to be simple in the beginning."
Lotus: "Whatever it is, it's good that you're motivated."
*I pay no attention to my father's words and concentrate my mind into both hands.*
*Now.*
Shuma: "Manifest yourself..."
Shuma: "Deesse Morte!!!!"
*........................*
*.........*
*I extend my hand in front of me and declare but...*
Shuma: "Hey, nothing happ..."
Shuma: "What, here?!"
*When I look down, I see a large sword as long as my height lying down on the ground.*
Shuma: "Ah, huh? This isn't the way I expected it to appear."
Mari: "Aaaahhh?!!"
Shuma: "Huh?"
*As soon as I hear Mari's wildly impulsive cry, I see her running to me with amazing speed.*
Shuma: "Hey, ears!! Ears!! Your ears are out! And tail!!"
Mari: "Huh? Whoa?!!"
*They must have come out by themselves. Mari quickly hides her ears and tail then looks around her.*
Shuma: "It seems to be okay."
Mari: "I'm relieved...no, that's not it, Master! This, THIS!!"
*She says it and points at Deesse Morte lying on the ground. Hey don't get excited too much. Your ears will come out again.*
Mari: "This is Deesse Morte, isn't it! I saw His Lordship holding it before!"
Shuma: "Ah, yeah."
Mari: "Wow! Really! Great, Master. When were you able to call up the Embroche family treasure?"
Shuma: "Hey, calm down."
Mari: "Woof!"
*Mari seems to start jumping around like this, so I put my hand on her head and hold her down.*
Lotus: "When you have an excited person nearby, you yourself tend to be calm. As for me, I wanted you to be amazed, Shuma."
*Before Mari, the way the sword appeared let me down.*
**Pet, pet*.*
Mari: "Woofoo."
*I remove my hand from a now quiet Mari's head, and grip Deesse Morte's handle to lift it up.*
Mari: "Ah..."
Shuma: "Ugh, pretty heavy."
*It's hard to lift it with one hand. From its shape, it is supposed to be handled with both.*
Lotus: "What do you think the boost is for? Like this, you must be able to swing it easily with one hand."
*Following my father's words, I boost a little then swing it around.*
Shuma: "Ahh! Ha! Yaah."
*I cannot balance myself well yet, so it looks like the sword is flinging me around. But once I know how to distribute the boost, it won't be difficult to swing with one hand.*
Mari: "Master, you're cool."
Shuma: "Re-really?"
*Mari's gaze tickles me in an unusual way.*
Lotus: "Your goal for the time being is to master Deesse Morte."
Shuma: "By the way, does this sword have special powers?"
Mari: "Let me see. As far as I know, Deesse Morte has a power to affect an adversary's life force."
*That is a question to my father, but Mari answers me first.*
Lotus: "Well, that is not wrong per se."
Shuma: "Affect life force, how exactly?"
Mari: "Well..."
Lotus: "There are many, but the most beneficial one for you is it that can release the ones from being familiars without sucking their blood."
Shuma: "Seriously?!"
Mari: "Yes?"
Shuma: "Ah, nothing. I'm thinking I might be able to release people from being familiars."
Mari: "Ah...certainly, like those humans who were turned into dogs, you can easily do that."
Shuma: "Oh...!!"
Lotus: "I'm sorry to say this when you are pleased, but it cannot be so easily done as you are now, Shuma."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Mari: "Hmm?"
Lotus: "Think about it. Do you think any normal humans will be alright when you slash them with this big sword. In the worst case, they are cut in half...in half. How wonderful Shuma-san would be!"
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
*How dare you make me unnecessarily happy! It's meaningless like that.*
Lotus: "In order to manifest Deesse Morte's full effect, it's better to awaken as a progenitor first."
Shuma: "Just exactly what I thought. Fuck!"
Mari: "What's happening to you, Master. Don't you have enough life force because you summoned Deesse Morte? Are you alright, especially your head?"
*Damn, I'm so shocked I don't react to Mari's abusive words.*
Lotus: "Still, it is an excellent weapon, so you can satisfactorily compete with Lycoris' scythe. As for Lady Pumila's familiars, you can dish out 3 times more damage."
*It has the ability to multiply damage by 3? It is a rare item.*
Shuma: "For now, I feel happy I have one more hand to fight against Lycoris."
Mari: "True. There are things I want to ask, like, how did you succeed in calling it up, but it doesn't matter. This is proof that Master is steadily growing."
Mari: "Tonight should be a feast! Ah, but I'm not sure we have enough supplies..."
Shuma: "Are you going back to the store now? It'll take too long. Let's go out and eat."
Mari: "Agreed!!"
*Seeing Mari jumping around makes me happy, too.*
*It's not been long since we met, but I've really grown accustomed to her.*
Mari: "Then, let's go home quickly and go out with Lady Calen!"
Shuma: "Yeah. Oh, I've forgotten one important thing."
Mari: "Yes?"
Shuma: "This, what am I supposed to do with it?"
*I'm still gripping Deesse Morte in my hand.*
*The sword, as long as Mari is tall, really stands out.*
Mari: "How about carrying it on your back?"
Lotus: "How about putting it between your shirt and jacket?"
Shuma: "Let's think about this seriously."
*After trial and error, I successfully unsummon it.*
Calen: "Phew. Japanese restaurants are quite good, too."
Mari: "I am so glad that Japanese food meets with your approval."
Calen: "But...it was delicious...!!"
Shuma: "If you enjoyed a simple family restaurant so much, it was worth asking you out."
*It's night. We've decided to eat out to celebrate the summoning of Deesse Morte.*
Calen: "A-at any rate, it is joyous that you have gained the Embroche treasure, Shuma-san."
*Calen, who has been fooled with by Mari, tries to change the subject and bring up what we've discussed many times already.*
Shuma: "Yeah. I cannot bring out its full power yet, but now I can compete with Lycoris better."
*I wonder if she's attacking innocent people right now.*
*Thinking about this, I begin to feel impatient.*
*I've finally got a variable countermeasure.*
*I cannot sit still.*
Calen: "Now, I excuse myself. I will have my night stroll."
Mari: "I have house chores, so I'm going now."
Shuma: "Eh? Alright..."
*What am I going to do? Pushing myself too hard is meaningless, and puts me at a disadvantage. I know that.*
*Still, even if it's only for self-satisfaction, I want to believe taking action is not useless.*
*If I don't push too hard, it'll be okay...I think. As long as I'm not alone.*
*My thoughts boil down to one decision.*
*It may be useless, but I'll search for Lycoris on my night patrol.*
*The partner I'll go with...*
====================E-MR01_01.TXT====================
Mari: "So..."
Mari: "How did I get roped into this?"
Shuma: "Now, now, don't say that. Give me your company."
*I end up walking through the streets at night with Mari.*
Mari: "I'm saying I have house chores. Boo, boo!"
Shuma: "Shut up. If you're my maid then help me, dog."
Shuma: "Ah, no. I mean, it would be helpful if you could lend a hand.”
Mari: "How come you correct yourself?!"
Shuma: "You see, I'm lonely being by myself! Aoi probably won't keep me company. That's all. Let's go to a pet shop later as a reward. I'll buy you a toy."
Mari: "Oh well, it is what it is."
Shuma: "Hide your ears and tail."
*Mari complains, but she does what I tell her to do for the most part.*
*Partially because she's a maid, but mostly she does it out of her loyalty to my father..."my lord" as she often refers to him, I guess.*
Mari: "But I don't think we'll be able to find Lycoris-san if we keep wandering around like this."
Shuma: "That's true. But I don't want to spend my time slacking off at home without doing anything."
Mari: "Basically this is a stroll. Ah, look, Master...the beautiful moon is up."
Shuma: "Calen is sure to be up late. She'll have a hard time in the morning."
*Practically speaking, I can't determine if patrolling like this makes a difference.*
*Lycoris is targeting me, so I might lure her out, but it's highly unlikely we'll happen to bump into her.*
*Even so, we have no way to search out Lycoris ourselves.*
Mari: "You can't depend on my nose. It's about five times better than humans'. Ahem!"
Shuma: "Is that...good?"
*After all, all I can do seems to be searching for her aimlessly, er, wandering around for now.*
*While I'm doing this, Lycoris may be preying on an innocent girl.*
*And I'm the original cause of all this trouble.*
*To vampires, humans are mere food.*
*They are crooked.*
Shuma: "Whoa, a bat?"
Mari: "What is it, Master?"
Shuma: "Well, usually I never see bats. They're really here, bats I mean."
Mari: "You're a vampire, but is it your first time to see a bat? Bats are synonymous with vampires, oh dear..."
Shuma: "You have no respect for your master, do you?"
*The creature flies in a mysterious path that is clearly different from birds'. Normally I don't stay out this late, but it feels refreshing.*
Lotus: "You can now see more clearly in the dark. I'm so glad that you're becoming more like a vampire."
Shuma: "That's..."
*There is just a little light, but my eyes easily captured the flying path of the bat. I wonder if that's what it means.*
*I take out my mobile from my pocket, press the button to check the time. A day passed a long time ago.*
*While bathing in the moonlight, I'm wide awake. But as I realize how late it is now, I feel sleepiness come over me.*
Lotus: "Isn't it better to rest for today?"
Shuma: "No, I can still..."
Lotus: "You need a broad perspective. Pushing yourself too hard now can affect you tomorrow. Then it will be meaningless, don't you think?"
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "I understand your impatience, but I think it's better that you observe the condition of your body more carefully."
*The condition of my body?*
Lotus: "Don't you feel it? While you are simply walking like this, your life force has been consumed rapidly, Shuma."
Lotus: "You have more control now, but the difference is like stepping on the accelerator or not. It's far removed from low fuel consumption."
Shuma: "I'm consuming my life force...that's not..."
Mari: "Woof?! Master, is your life force decreasing?! *Sniff sniff*, it certainly smells so."
Lotus: "Even Maritima notices. You can't lie about it, can you?"
*Surely, searching for a sign of Lycoris and anxiously walking around the town at night is doing nothing but wearing down life force to sharpen my senses.*
Lotus: "Well, you will recover if you suck Maritima's blood. After dragging her out for the wandering, you should make her do housework, then have her blood. You are quite the devil."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Mari: "What happened, Master? If you don't have enough life force, will you have my blood?"
*Shuma: "Mari..."*
*Now I realize I've been spoiled by Mari too much.*
*I know it from what she has done for me so far. Mari completely devotes herself to me for this and that.*
*Even if I become unreasonable, she may complain, but will obey me in the end. Mari is a girl like that.*
Shuma: "Let's finish up for today."
Mari: "Yes, yes. I'm already used to you suddenly becoming spaced out, muttering something and then deciding something out of the blue."
Mari: "I do whatever you want like I'm your toy and accompany you. Maybe I'll put you in a diaper next."
Shuma: "Wait, don't talk like I need nursing."
Mari: "Then, let's go home right now and fast. I'm sleepy. Hey Master, we're going home!"
Shuma: "Waaahhh?! Wait, don't pull me. You, is this the way you treat your master?!"
*Screaming the obvious, I'm dragged by Mari back to our home.*
*After all, we didn't have any results today. I must find Lycoris tomorrow...*
*The current problem is a feeling that something is off...the changing of my personality.*
*Accompanied with clear deja vu, it creeps up to me like a shadow.*
*It becomes stronger day by day.*
Shuma: "Haah, haah, haah...hyaah!"
*After last night's search bore no fruit, I've come up with this as my next move.*
Shuma: "Yaah! Haa...haah!"
Shuma: "Shit, why so uselessly big, you? Yaah!"
*I hold the sword in my right hand and lift it up, pointing it to the sky. Once I've raised it enough, I turn my wrist, bring down my arm and slash sideways.*
*Then, using the force of the weight of the sword, I turn there once, powerfully cutting through the space in front of me in the same direction.*
Lotus: "You are cursing, but handling the sword quite easily. I think you are starting to look good."
*I drop my hips to recover my balance. I drive the sword into the ground while my face shows a disliking for the voice applauding me.*
Shuma: "You say that so easily, but my life force is diminishing rapidly just by swinging this around."
*I lift up the sword again and plant it back into the ground with a thud. It creates a shock in the ground unlike any normal sword.*
Lotus: "Didn't I tell you? The essence of Deesse Morte is particularity good at cutting life force."
Lotus: "You can swing the celebrated sword all you want, but if you can't hit your target, it will be meaningless."
Shuma: "I know what you want to say..."
Lotus: "As long as you deal with Lady Pumila's familiars, it is imperative that you are used to handling Deesse Morte."
*If my father's words are correct, it will be a great advantage in the battle against Lycoris.*
*But to be able to display the full ability of Deesse Morte, it seems I must become a progenitor.*
Shuma: "It doesn't go as I want it to."
Mari: "Are you having a break?"
*As I stay still with Deesse Morte in my hand, Mari, who has been watching me, comes over with a towel.*
Shuma: "No, I'll be done soon. Sorry for keeping you."
Mari: "It's alright. I'm your maid, Master."
*Mari's standard line.*
Mari: "And His Lordship swung Deesse Morte sometimes like that. It brings me back a little."
Shuma: "Really, is that so."
*I look down at the ring hanging from my neck. I'm a little impressed.*
Lotus: "Shuma, I was also making great efforts to improve myself every day. Well, do you have a better opinion of me now?"
Mari: "Still, he did so unwillingly after being told by Her Ladyship."
Shuma: "Really. So he was pretty much under her ass the whole time they were together."
Lotus: "I think the secret of a happy marriage is for the husband to be under his wife's ass, literally."
*Whoa, Lord Perv.*
Mari: "And His Lordship often played a sword game with Her Ladyship."
Shuma: "Eh? My mother was a normal human, wasn't she?"
Mari: "Normal?"
Lotus: "Normal?"
Shuma: "Eh, what's that reaction?"
Mari: "Come to think of it, she was certainly a human..."
Lotus: "If you ask me if she was "normal", I don't know..."
*Their comments make me nervous. The mother I knew was a petite woman who was physically a little frail, and more like a lady raised wrapped in a cotton ball.*
Mari: "She was a very gentle person..."
Shuma: "Hey, why do you look nervous?"
Lotus: "Well, we have many faces."
*You're telling me to just accept what you say?!*
Lotus: "Now, swing the sword as I tell you this time. As Maritima told you, I know more about handling Deesse Morte."
*I feel like he is trying to dodge the question.*
Shuma: "Well, whatever. I'll practice my swing a little more so stay back, Mari."
Mari: "Yes."
*I make sure Mari is sufficiently away and put more force into my hand gripping Deesse Morte.*
Shuma: "Now teach me, Father."
Lotus: "Leave it to me. You were simply swinging it around forcefully before. So this time, swing it with the path of the sword in mind."
Shuma: "I understand...! Hoo...haah!"
Shuma: "Sey! Haah, Yaah!"
*I slash up across from the lower right and turn around once as I strike down. Then, I turn my wrist and cut up toward the upper right.*
Lotus: "If you try to control it with your arm only, you'll be taken over by the sword! Think about how you step in. Place your weight with the sword including the center of yourself!"
Shuma: "Saya! Haah!"
Lotus: "With your strength, you may be able to forcibly control the moves of the sword, but your true power won't reach it!"
Shuma: "Like this? Seyaah!"
Lotus: "See the sword as an extension of your arm. When you put strength in your hand, do it to gently guide the sword's movement!"
Shuma: "Haah!"
Shuma: "Haahaa, haahaa!"
*I run out onto the street toward home, letting the wind whisk off my dripping sweat.*
*My shirt is completely drenched and feels heavy. If I describe it more, my legs are shaking and dragging. My arms are barely swinging.*
*Right. If you call this "effort", it's so undignified that I can't show it to anybody.*
Mari: "A little bit more."
Kaede: "Hang on, Big Brother."
Shuma: "Oh, Kaede, good morning...! Haa, hahoo..."
Shuma: "Go-goal...! *Wheeze wheeze*..."
Mari: "Great job. Please hurry up and take a shower. We'll have breakfast."
Shuma: "How come the dog is the one on the bike...?! How about a little more appreciation? 'Good job' is for a subordinate, like you, dumb maid!"
Shuma: "Oh, no... No more power, exhausted... No energy left to get angry."
Mari: "After breakfast, I will let you suck my blood. So go for a shower. I won't do your nursing care!"
Mari: "Well then, itadakimasu."
Calen: "Itadakima―*Zzzzzz*..."
*After washing my sweat off in the shower, I have breakfast in the living room.*
Mari: "Aren't you overworking yourself?"
Shuma: "Well, that's true but..."
*My training with Deesse Morte under my father has just begun. I don't expect to get results right away.*
*But it's true that I don't know when I'll end up fighting Lycoris again.*
Shuma: "I want to do whatever I can do now."
*It's not bad on my way out, but I look really uncool when I run back home.*
Mari: "Just like a vampire, once you decide something, you don't listen to anybody."
Shuma: "Done, thanks for the meal! But I don't feel full...I'm still tired."
Mari: "Why? Why do you train only to exhaust yourself so much? This is a little ridiculous."
Shuma: "Shut up. Don't cross your master."
Mari: "Hey, wait a minute. Don't slap your maid with such words when I'm unusually worried about your body."
Shuma: "Unusual is it, Maid?"
Mari: "Because you ate this much but still feel hungry. Whatever I think of it, this is not right."
Shuma: "Ugh. I-I moved my body that much..."
Calen: "Well, Shuma-san? Your face does not look right."
Shuma: "Shut up. My face is always not right."
*I turn my face away. But...*
Mari: "Hmm?"
*Oh no...did she notice?*
Calen: "Are you not feeling well? It is unacceptable if you lose your health by doing a little practice."
Shuma: "Yes, I'm good. I'm alright."
Mari: "Hmm?"
*She's looking. She is looking at me...*
Shuma: "Ah, time to go now."
Calen: "Please. Will you still go as you do not feel well? This is the time to stay in your bed and recover your health, is it not?"
Mari: "There, there, Lady Calen is done, too. I'll clean up, so why don't you go back to your room."
Calen: "You should know your place and refrain from interfering with us."
Mari: "Master, you'd like Lady Calen to rest herself, too? *Grin*!"
*Ah, she found it out.*
Calen: "Shuma-san! It is high time you trained your maid properly."
Shuma: "Alright, alright, Calen-chan. Let's finish your meal and say thanks for having it. You are full and sleepy. Have a good rest."
Calen: "Thank you for the meal. *Zzzzz*..."
Shuma: "*Sigh*... Now, it's time to go..."
Mari: "Wait a minute, please!"
*Mari grabs me by the collar.*
Shuma: "Hey, I'm your master..."
Mari: "Yes! And a maid is the one who reads her master to manage his health in every aspect, and takes care of him from meals to sex!"
Shuma: "...Recently, you're really getting vulgar."
*She makes me feel as if I were talking to my father. But there's nothing I can do about it, considering she served him originally.*
Shuma: "Enough of that. You don't need to take care of me right now, so go... Ugh."
Mari: "*Flash*!"
*Ignoring my words, Mari opens her collar and shows off her fair nape.*
Shuma: "Wait, stop..."
*I try to look away in panic, but my eyes are drawn to her fair skin and refuse to move.*
Mari: "Oomph! Master, you're like a pure cherry boy and it's kind of cute!"
Shuma: "Shut up and don't call me cute. Cover yourself."
Mari: "The way you're so obstinate is typical pain-in-the-neck cherry boy behavior."
Shuma: "Sorry to be a pain in the ass."
*This hurts me a little. I lost my virginity, but I'm still a pain-in-the-neck cherry boy? Could it be any worse?*
Mari: "But here, here, you can't bear it, can you? You say no, but you can't look away, can you? There there, Master's eyes right now can impregnate girls by just looking at them."
Shuma: "Ugh. S-stop..."
*It's annoying, but as Mari points out, I cannot turn away my glaring eyes from the pale blue line running through her fair neck.*
Mari: "Don't hold back. You can suck my blood. Bathroom is close too, so I'm totally okay!"
Shuma: "Aarrgh..."
*I want to suck...but don't want to suck...but I want to suck... Once she showed me her delicious neck, how can I bear it?!*
Mari: "Here here. *Slurp*, like *slurp*! It's delicious!"
Shuma: "Don't seduce me."
Mari: "You say so, but as a maid it is impossible to ignore Master's hunger."
*Shuma: "Mari..."*
Mari: "So, you don't need to bear it. Master, you can insist you don't want to suck blood, but if you wear down your life force because of it, it will be for nothing."
Mari: "I'm not human. I'm your loyal servant. I'm excluded from your desire not to suck human blood, so I don't count!"
Shuma: "Ooo, oooh..."
*Mari's strangely gentle words, and the seduction of her fair and alluring neck, are making me quickly lose control.*
Shuma: "Ugghhh..."
Mari: "And if you keep suffering like that, you will end up biting people walking down the street. Go ahead and bite me before that happens. *Bite*!"
*True... If I continue like this and happen to see a neck or blood, I might jump at it...*
Mari: "Are you maybe afraid to make a move? That's also the kind of timidity that comes from being an amateur virgin, I guess."
Shuma: "Ugh...who, who..."
Mari: "Who-who-who?"
Shuma: "Who is timid? I Bite!"
Mari: "Anhhn!"
*I jump at her neck and pierce it with my fangs.*
Shuma: "Haagggh, hagggh!"
Mari: "Really, if you are so greedy, why didn't you be honest and suck my blood from the start. Master, you're a true pain! Anhhn!"
*I thought I'd be okay since having sucked so much blood during the bridge fight, but now I'm such a sad sight.*
Mari: "But this is a good shift. The fact you cannot suppress your urge with food means you are becoming a fine vampire, haah!"
Shuma: "*Bite*, *sluuurp*!"
Mari: "Aaahhhmm!"
*I push in my fangs as if to interrupt her. The iron taste spreads through my mouth and into my throat.*
*How dare she say I'm "becoming a fine vampire"! I don't accept that.*
*It's true that I felt the blood-sucking urge was gradually coming back, and it came at once after the training with my father, but I'm not thinking of attacking people even a little.*
*Right now, I'm reluctantly sucking her blood to quiet her down because she provoked me so much.*
Mari: "Aaahmm! Still, you're really sucking! You must have held yourself back so much. It's alright. When you can't bear it, please suck my blood as much as you want♪"
Shuma: "*Gulp*...mmgmg... Mmm?"
*Hey, wait a second. Mari knows she will have an urge to pee when I suck her blood, doesn't she? Then why does she look happy to have it done to her?*
Mari: "Hawmmm! It's not good for your health to suffer. You can spring at my neck any time you want!"
*...I see. She puts on a show as she guesses I would hesitate to suck blood even from a werewolf...*
Mari: "To tell the truth, it would make me happier if you could suck humans like this without hesitation. I only wish you to be a proper vampire."
Shuma: "...*Gasp*."
Mari: "Ah! Master, did you have enough?"
Shuma: "Mm, yeah..."
*Now that I know Mari's true feelings, I cannot be heartless enough to tell her of my refusal to be a vampire. So I slowly move away from her neck.*
Mari: "Then, Master. Take your hand off me now!"
Shuma: "Huh?"
*Mari puts her hand on mine that has been clutching her shoulder to secure her for the bite.*
Mari: "Let me go now, bastard! Pee, aah, pee! I'm gonna pee!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
Mari: "It's gonna leak, leak, it's flowing out!!"
Shuma: "Don't shove your master..."
*Seeing Mari running to the toilet as fast as she can fills me with a strange and unbearable emotion, one that I cannot thank her enough for.*
*I look up at the sky.*
*The sun is bright today and slowly burning my eyes and skin. It's much brighter than it was when I was a human...*
Calen: "Shall we have to attend school today, too?"
Shuma: "You came out with us by yourself. Why are you saying that now?"
Calen: "That is so but... Ah, I feel duller than I expected... Sleepy...bright...*zzzzz*..."
Mari: "On the campus filled with girls, we can estimate what Lycoris-san has being doing and what damage she has done, to some extent. Correct?"
Shuma: "Something like that. The more victims there are, the more chance there is for sucking blood."
*Somehow I've come to control mesmerization, but it's success rate is horrible.*
Aoi: "Well, that's about it. I couldn't find Lycoris last night, either."
Shuma: "I see. Really, what does she want to do...?"
*In the classroom, Aoi and I both wrack our brains over this.*
Calen: "Now, Sakurako-san, a waltz is next. Ready, un, deux, trois..."
Sakurako: "*Twirl, twirl, twirl*."
*On one hand, they're again in good spirits today.*
*Once in the classroom, Calen recovers her spirits. I wonder if it's because there are other people, or she trusts Sakurako that much as a friend.*
*On the other hand, I can't help but feel heavy from a strange weariness in my body and the brightness by the window.*
*I'm still not used to it or what...anyway, my head feels dazed. My consciousness is inclined to fall into a state where the ability to think is asleep.*
Mari: "You look sluggish. You have sucked blood, mine."
Shuma: "Right. Maybe I overdid it this morning after all."
*Even though I sucked a good amount of Mari's blood, I'm getting thirsty too. I begin to hate the sun.*
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako."
Sakurako: "*Twirl, twirl, twirl*?"
Shuma: "Go and get tomato juice for me, will you?"
Sakurako: "Huh? No way. You go yourself."
Shuma: "Whaaat?"
Sakurako: "――――"
Calen: "Shuma-san, I'd like one, too."
Shuma: "Hey, don't piggyback. Watch your manners, lady."
Girl B: "H-hi! Shuma-kun! I'll go and buy one for you! One from the vending machine downstairs is okay, isn't it?"
Girl A: "Eh, I meant to ask him first! I'll go so you stay behind!"
Sakurako: "...*Wheeze wheeze*! Here you are, Shuma. Tomato juice! *Panting*..."
Girl A: "Ahhhhh!!"
Shuma: "Oh, thanks."
Calen: "Well, where is mine?"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "What? Do you want one, too?"
Aoi: "Not really. While we were having a serious conversation, you sent a girl to get stuff for you. I'm thinking it's ridiculous to cooperate with you."
Shuma: "What am I supposed to do? I'm thirsty..."
Aoi: "Aah, seriously! Wear sunglasses next time, sunglasses!"
Mari: "What are you saying, Aoi-san? Why does he have to care about what humans think? Why?"
Shuma: "I said, don't start talking like that in the classroom. I won't buy a toy for you."
Calen: "Where is mine?"
Mari: "Ah, come to think of it, you said you would take me to a pet shop but you haven't done it yet! Master, a toy, a toy! Today is okay!"
Shuma: "So annoying."
Calen: "You, Sakurako-san! Go and get my tomato juice, too! *Staaare*."
Sakurako: "Yes, my lady. I shall bring it at once."
*Even Aoi cannot grasp what Lycoris is doing.*
*Our guess is that, possibly, Lycoris is active on a small scale and may have turned some people into familiars. Those familiars might be spying on us for her.*
*There may already be victims, but we have no way of knowing who they are. All we can do is continue searching for Lycoris and pray there are none.*
*And, "Ladybug". We must think about that dark shadow, also.*
*For it, too, life force is necessary to sustain itself. Life force, the energy is needed for everything.*
*It must be trying to get life force somehow...*
Sakurako: "Alright Calen, let's go to karaoke again! Ooh!"
Calen: "Ooh! I say! Well then, Shuma-san, Mari-san, I will be home by dinner."
Shuma: "Oh, have fun."
Aoi: "Hmph...finally released. I have stiff shoulders. Shoot."
Shuma: "What are you going to do? Are you going to the pet shop with us?"
Aoi: "Kiss my ass! I was kept by that bat woman all day long, even if you cannot see it."
Aoi: "Rather than doing such a stupid thing...I'm going to find my friend."
Shuma: "Ah, you don't have friends."
Aoi: "I mean LYCORIS! Really, why do I have to work with a vampire? I'm ashamed of myself."
Shuma: "I'll join you later. But you know she won't show up til night, so it'll be useless to look for her now."
Aoi: "...I know that."
Aoi: "I didn't trust you from the beginning. Hmph."
Shuma: "Ah, hey Aoi!"
Mari: "She's gone."
*What did Aoi want to say?*
*Well, I could have said things differently...?*
Mari: "Toys, toys. Yay, yay. Great! When I bite it, it makes a sound!"
Mari: "Wow, this flying disc is so round! This bone smells sweet! Japan is amazing. Everything is here!"
Mari: "Let's play when we get home, Master!"
Shuma: "If you don't stop showing your ears and tail in public, I'll put you in the basement."
Mari: "I'm fully aware of that."
Shuma: "Listen up and hide them! I'll bite you!"
Mari: "Woofoon..."
Kaede: "I think I saw something right now..."
Shuma: "Your imagination. It's just your imagination. Don't worry about it, ok?!"
*I stare into Kaede's eyes.*
Kaede: "Yeah, imagination. Understood, Big Brother."
*We bumped into Kaede at the pet shop.*
*She came to buy food for the animals kept in the biology club. Now she carries a heavy load. It looks hard for petite Kaede.*
Mari: "Oh, you're gradually learning how to use it. Soon you'll make a sex slave just from using mesmerization!"
Shuma: "I won't do that. Well...I sometimes do it to Aoi. But I can't do it on as big a scale as Calen after all, I guess."
Mari: "Lady Calen's comes from her family's blood. But if you awaken more, you can easily control one human being."
Kaede: "What's wrong, Big Brother, Mari-chan?"
Shuma: "Ah, ah, nothing, nothing! Mari is bugging me. She wants to play with her new toys now."
Mari: "Ugh... No, no really, I'm not that childish. Really nothing to me, like that flying disc, or that sweet bone."
Shuma: "Here, Mari! LOOK, it's making a noise...a toy with a whistle inside!"
Mari: "Wooooof...!"
*I take a toy out of the bag and it makes a silly noise for her. Mari's face melts away.*
*From now on, I don't need to stare at her eyes. This is much easier for me.*
Kaede: "Hahaha, Mari-chan, you're kind of like a doggie? Will you come to our club room next time?"
Mari: "Ah, aah, sometime soon."
Kaede: "Mm. Ask me anytime. We'll welcome you!"
Mari: "But Kaede-san, what are the other club members doing while making you buy and carry such heavy things all by yourself?"
Kaede: "Eh? Ah, it's my turn. And we only have a few members. Two of them are absent from school because of a cold or something."
Shuma: "Two members... Oh, something like Kaede had?"
Kaede: "Probably. They'll get better as they rest in bed. So, I'm making up for the days I was absent."
Shuma: "I see. That's tough. Don't overwork, though."
Kaede: "No, I won't. Ah, I'll leave you here. The school is over there."
Mari: "Yes. Well then Kaede-san, see you next time."
Kaede: "Mm. Bye-bye, Mari-chan, Big Brother!"
Kaede: "Heave ho...heave ho..."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Good, she's gone. Aaaaaah, I couldn't bear it any more. Let's find an open space, an open space!"
Mari: "Right here it's okay to shoot laser beams! Master, quick, the flying disssssc!!"
Shuma: "Watch your tail. Your ears. And flying discs don't shoot laser beams! My shoulders aren't that strong. Look at the distance between us, it's too close."
Mari: "It's alright! With your strength, you're sure to throw a runner out at home plate after catching a sacrifice fly in deep center field, Master!"
Shuma: "That's not what I'm asking... If you want me to throw it for you, stop talking nonsense."
*Now our positions are that of an owner who throws a flying disc and of his dog who's ready to chase it.*
Mari: "Bow-wow! Understood! So, do it now, pleeease!"
Shuma: "Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay."
Mari: "Throw it as hard as you can! I'm gonna chase it all the way and catch it!"
Shuma: "You know, two humans don't play with a flying disc like this..."
Mari: "Master! Quick! Bow-wow!"
Shuma: "Don't scream so loud! Here we go!"
Mari: "Wooooooooooooof!"
*She immediately gets down on all fours to chase the flying disc in the air.*
Shuma: "Hey your tail! Your ears!"
*Even if I ignored her walking around on all fours, tail and ears are not okay!*
Shuma: "Phew..."
*With my eyes, I follow a noisy Mari running away. A cool breeze caresses my face and makes me feel as if it were a normal ordinary life.*
*I hold up the ring hung from my neck. The ring embedded with Father's thought body and entrusted to my mother quickly brings me back to reality.*
*Because of this...because of this blood, everything, including myself has gone wrong.*
*And earlier too...*
Shuma: "I should have helped Kaede..."
*I threw the flying disc pretty hard.*
Mari: "Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, wooooooffff!!"
*Mari jumps in the air. It's elegant. Well, no, it's kind of idiotic.*
*And just as I expected, she brings it back to me.*
Mari: "Master. I caught it. Praise me, praise me!"
Shuma: "This is a flying disc, so throw it back!"
Mari: "Ah, that is true. Ugh, an old habit slipped out..."
Shuma: "Come to think of it, can you turn completely into a dog?"
Mari: "Yes, more or less. But it's tiring and I'm used to being in human form as I've been a maid for a long time. Anyway, I'm wearing clothes now."
Shuma: "That's true. Once you become a dog, you'll have to do something with your clothes."
Mari: "Then, I question you next. Master, why do you look so depressed?"
Shuma: "Eh? Ah, nothing really."
Mari: "You didn't need to help her. It would be shameful for a progenitor to become a bag carrier for a mere girl."
Shuma: "Hey, didn't you become friends with Kaede?"
Mari: "Ugh...that is so... Then, it's me who should regret not helping her! It's not Master."
*She really doesn't like humans.*
Shuma: "Then, what do you want me to be?"
Mari: "I'd like you to be a vampire. That is it. Seeing Master so far, you are strangely attached to humans and I'm worried about your future."
Mari: "Please listen. Whatever your excuse is, it's out of the question for vampires not to suck human blood. My blood or Lady Calen's is not enough."
Mari: "...There'd be no trouble if you just sucked the blood of humans."
Shuma: "Kaede, too?"
Mari: "Ka-Kaede-san is...well, she is your mistress! Ah, Sakurako-san, I don't care about her because she's stupid."
Mari: "Anyway, I'm talking about you, Master. You should throw away your attachment to humans and become a proper progenitor quickly!"
Shuma: "Vampires are no good..."
Mari: "Master, you are not human. Otherwise, I wouldn't call you ‘Master'."
*This creeping feeling that something is off becomes stronger in the evening when the sunlight fades.*
*Yet again, a different element eases the feeling as evening turns into night...*
Because it IS night: the time for the grotesque, the time for vampires.
Shuma: "Hmm, she won't come here any more I guess."
*We are in the park by the river. We can see the bridge across the way. The broken and collapsed bridge.*
*Its repair work hasn't started yet. Only a few onlookers are taking photos with their cellphones.*
Shuma: "......"
*I don't know why, but it hasn't hit me yet. I know I'm the one who did it though.*
Mari: "Now, where will we go next? *Yawn*."
Shuma: "Oh, you can go home if you're sleepy."
Mari: "Why are you saying this now after you dragged me all the way here?"
Shuma: "A-ah, that's true... Hmm, but it's helpful when you're with me."
Shuma: "Well, these are the master's orders. I bought more toys than planned, so work for them."
Mari: "If I work hard, I'll get more toys! Hooray!"
*Night. I patrol around the town with Mari as usual. I wonder how many days have passed since we started this.*
*But things won't come around just because we're aimlessly wandering about.*
*It's about time to have a specific plan or preferably something will just happen...*
Shuma: "Damn...she is really..."
Mari: "Master. Calm down!"
Shuma: "Eh? A-ah...don't worry, I'm calm."
*Honestly, I'm frustrated.*
*After she caused that big incident, Lycoris may be playing small tricks in the shadows, but I don't think she will continue that way.*
*Someone is being preyed upon somewhere right now at the hands of a good-for-nothing vampire.*
Shuma: "Should we expand our search area? If we focus too much here, maybe somewhere else―"
Mari: "About that, I've been wondering..."
Mari: "I'll be frank. I don't understand. What is so good about humans?"
Shuma: "Because, you know, I'm..."
Mari: "Master, right now you have special abilities. From your birth, others...let's see...human males. You're much stronger than other human males!"
Shuma: "...Mari?"
Mari: "I don't understand why you fuss over weak, miserable and timid humans. I like vampires very much because they devour them."
Mari: "Master, you too should devour humans, all of them."
*This dog...*
Shuma: "Who is the 'master' you are talking to? Can't you listen to me?"
*I realize the tone of my voice becomes a little lower with the sensation that something is silently creeping up my spine.*
Mari: "Why don't you make me listen. Please shut me up. Hey, hey, fool, fool."
*Really, I've been having a good time tonight but now you're getting in my way.*
Shuma: "Do you want me to teach you how to talk?"
*As if turning my irritation at her offense into an icy blade, I pierce Mari with an emotionless stare.*
Mari: "Fool, fool, Master is, Ma-Maste...?!"
Mari: "...Mmm, mm, mm, mmmm...!!"
*I do it in the same way I did it to Aoi. I can do it if I try.*
Mari: "*Gasp*! Seriously. That is good."
Shuma: "?"
Mari: "You're a vampire. Any vampires can silence their targets with one glare from the start. Yah-boo, you suck, Master."
Shuma: "You always get the last word! Really, you're such a dog!"
Mari: "Hmm, my cool master is gone and you're back to normal. I know it. 'I'm a human!', right?"
Shuma: "Right. I am a human."
Mari: "Dear me. Well then human master, let's go now."
*However, the real reason of my frustration isn't as tangible as Lycoris' case. It's more nondescript.*
*That is...this feeling that something is off.*
*That includes the sensation that something is creeping up my spine, and also the feeling that blood suddenly drains from my head...like I don't feel the circulation of blood any more.*
*I no longer have any emotions. And even though I am calm, my consciousness is ready to sink deeper...*
Shuma: "......"
*I shake my head lightly and chase the feeling out of my body. It's not good to focus on these strange things in this wonderful moonlit night.*
Lotus: "Shuma."
Shuma: "What? You throwing in a wet blanket, too?"
*Suddenly I hear the voice inside my head and reply to it under my breath so that Mari won't hear.*
Lotus: "Yes. I am throwing in a wet blanket."
Shuma: "*Sigh*, Father too..."
*Something slithers up my spine. This is not an emotion. My heart quickly turns cold, sinking deep into the water.*
Shuma: "I feel good so I wish you wouldn't get in my way..."
Lotus: "Oh, I'm sorry. But I want to talk about your feeling good."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*Like my own, the tone of my father's voice becomes lower. It causes me lose my breath.*
Lotus: "I told you, you must be self-aware. Shuma, you must be aware of your current condition."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*My father's words make me realize. I was harsh on Mari as I was too busy to feel good under the moonlight.*
Shuma: "I...no, I was irritated with Mari. I didn't mean to accuse her..."
Lotus: "Yes. That is so. But was that truly your feeling?"
Shuma: "Ah, eh...?"
*What? What is he saying?*
Lotus: "You are completely unaware as I thought."
*No, I am aware. But I feel nothing strange about it. I didn't even think of it until he told me.*
Shuma: "I...felt my feelings are sinking..."
Lotus: "You can consider it as proof you are drawing closer to a progenitor."
Shuma: "That..."
Lotus: "Another proof is you feel good in the moonlit night. Actually, I'm only a thought body, but deep darkness makes me feel good."
Shuma: "Damn. It can't be..."
*That sensation creeping up my spine. That is the sensation that the blood of the progenitor is trying to swallow me up.*
*And I accepted it naturally without feeling disgusted...*
Shuma: "Bullshit..."
*I'm angry, angry at myself. While insisting I'm a human, I didn't even try to resist the progenitor's or the vampire's instinct.*
Lotus: "It is not that you don't have the will. But if you are not conscious, you will be swallowed up before you know it."
Shuma: "Shoot..."
Lotus: "If you want to stay human, you must have a strong will. You don't need to pay attention all the time, but it is for the best if you come to control the progenitor's power by yourself at least."
Shuma: "......"
*I can't say I don't want such power, because I need it when I look for Lycoris and fight against her.*
Shuma: "I understand, Dad. Thanks."
Lotus: "Yes, yes, you are a good, honest boy. Shuma, if you were a lovely teen daughter instead, I would be so emotional."
Shuma: "I don't like that part of you."
Lotus: "No? Did I say something strange?"
*My words hardly seem to have effect on him, but I appreciate his advice.*
*As he says, I must firmly face up to this power...*
Lotus: "So, Shuma. I have some advice for you."
Shuma: "Advice?"
Lotus: "As a progenitor, you can suppress the will and use only the powers. It's not so difficult for you now to use just the simple ones."
Shuma: "Eh? Really?"
Lotus: "Of course, as long as they are light powers."
Shuma: "What do you mean by that?"
Lotus: "Let’s see. Like eyes and ears. Extension of the senses you already use."
Shuma: "Like eyes and ears?"
Lotus: "Actually, you are already doing it without being told. It's like telling vampires and familiars from humans by smell."
*Ah, surely I'm usually doing it that much... I mean, my senses seem to be getting more responsive on their own.*
Lotus: "You use them consciously. If you use them unconsciously, you will be taken over by the progenitor's will little by little."
Shuma: "I see... Let me try."
*I concentrate my senses and look for a sign. I don't search with my senses, but use them to smell something out.*
Shuma: "Oh..."
*Now I can distinguish the scents I wasn't aware of before. Meanwhile, I've been careful not to be pulled away by the progenitor's blood, so I don't feel the sensation creeping up my spine.*
Shuma: "My feet...stink?"
Lotus: "I don't have feet. So right now your feet smell the most, Shuma."
*I'll wash my feet carefully once I get home. But I mean, it's not a figure of speech, but usual scents smell stronger too.*
Shuma: "Mm..."
*Continuing to look for a sign, I expand its reach little by little. Then...*
Shuma: "Ah, this..."
*What is this? I run into a strange aroma. Indescribable smell. This smell I can't identify is not a real one, but a presence even though I can actually smell it.*
Shuma: "Where...?"
*I can't tell the distance, but at least I should be able to guess the direction.*
Shuma: "Ah, there..."
*I grasp it and raise my face up toward its direction.*
Lotus: "Finally, you found it."
Shuma: "Yeah, I don't know if it's really Lycoris. Hey, Mari!"
*I call Mari who has gone ahead of me. And before she turns and walks back to me...*
Shuma: "Thanks, Dad."
Lotus: "Well. Now that I've been thanked by a tsundere (combative outside/kind inside) like Shuma, I feel I'm able to to go through two, or even three forbidden doors."
Shuma: "You don't need to go through."
*Seriously.*
Mari: "I was just wondering why you didn't catch up to me, and now what are you doing here? Are you slow?"
Shuma: "I've felt a presence. Over there."
Mari: "Eh?! Master, when did you get that power?"
Shuma: "Don't mind that. Let's go!"
Mari: "W-what? Wait for me, Master!"
*Accompanying who is panicked, I go to where the presence is felt. I know the direction, so I go straight there without getting lost.*
Mari: "Is this, it?"
Shuma: "Yeah. I feel it here."
*My hunch led me to the school. As we get closer, the presence feels stronger and my guess turns to conviction.*
Mari: "Ah. Certainly I smell something like that. *Sniff-sniff*."
Shuma: "Don't let your guard down. We don't know where she is hiding."
*I hold back Mari, who is ready to run ahead, and slowly move into the school. Then...*
Shuma: "...!"
*After walking some time, we see a collapsed human-like figure and stop.*
Mari: "Someone passed out."
*It seems to be a girl in a school uniform.*
Shuma: "Tsk..."
*And a shadow walks toward her.*
Mari: "W-what is that?!"
*The shadow that appears slowly in front of us is...*
*???: "――――"*
Shuma: "W-what is that?!"
Mari: "Master, that is probably Lycoris-san's familiar!"
*???: "――――"*
Shuma: "What? Is that a familiar, too? It's more like a monster in special effects movies."
*Seeing it's abnormal figure, I bend my knees and automatically prepare myself.*
Shuma: "Anyway, we must save the girl...!"
Mari: "Again... There is an option to leave her here and continue searching for Lycoris-san without having more enemies."
Shuma: "But I can't just leave her!"
Mari: "Ah, really such a pain. Our purpose is to stop Lycoris-san, not to save humans."
Shuma: "Don't complain. We are going to help her. I'll draw the attention of the monster, so YOU will save her!"
Mari: "Huh? Am I going to help her?"
Shuma: "I'm gonna buy you a toy again!"
Mari: "Understood! Leave everything to this super maid, Mari! Woof♪"
Shuma: "Please be a bit more serious..."
Mari: "Ah. Then, I'll give you some serious advice. Familiars that are not in human shapes usually have some special power, so please do your best."
Shuma: "Okay, I underst... Hey?! What do you mean by special power?!"
Mari: "How would I know that? I've never seen something like this. Usually you can guess their power from their shapes. So please do your best."
*She obediently puts herself behind me only at a time like this. You, no-good maid. You have no respect for me.*
Shuma: "Damn. From the shape...?"
Lotus: "Right. Exactly as Maritima said. Look carefully. Good observation is a must when you fight."
*???: "――――"*
*Following my dad's advice, I suppress the urge to instinctively avert my eyes from the creature in font of me and I carefully observe it.*
Shuma: "Wings...and huge eyes... An insect, is it...?"
Lotus: "Hmm. It certainly looks that way. It has several arms and legs that are thin compared to it's body."
*Its shape surely reminds me of an insect. Even though it's bigger than me and it is impossible to compare it with real insects in size.*
Shuma: "Should be a vampire, so mosquito...?"
Lycoris: "If it were, it would be much easier..."
Shuma: "What?! Lycoris?!"
*I raise my face to the voice suddenly heard from above. I see Lycoris with crossed arms standing there with a somewhat bored face.*
Lycoris: "*Sigh*. Why is this one like this? But still, Shuma Embroche. It can still deal with someone like you, I suppose."
*???: "――――!"*
Shuma: "!"
*Coinciding with Lycoris' words, the monster's compound eyes focus on me and it lets out a growl in a shrill voice.*
Lycoris: "Please don't die with only this. Ephemera. Be done with him! I say!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "Damn...!"
*This time it's a scream with incredible hostility. But it's not time to flinch.*
*Still, I'm pretty worried and not sure if Mari and I could deal with both Lycoris and this mysterious creature by ourselves.*
Shuma: "Ugh."
*Immediately, I take out my mobile and call a number on speed dial.*
Shuma: "Aoi! I found Lycoris! In front of the school, come!"
*As soon as it connects, I shout. Right at that moment...*
Ephemera: "~~~!!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Ephemera: "~~~!"
Shuma: "That was close."
Lycoris: "Well, well. If you dodge so desperately, you'll look ungraceful, I say."
Shuma: "Damn, Lycoris...!"
*No, the creature in front of me is first. Until I'm done with this one, I won't be able to help the girl on the ground.*
Lotus: "But if you are spending time on the creature and the girl, will you end up letting Lycoris go again?"
Shuma: "So I should forget about the girl?! I can't do that!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!"
Shuma: "!!"
Shuma: "...?"
*Second charge. I can give myself enough time to dodge.*
Shuma: "What...? Doesn't it start something...?"
*If it has a special power, now is the best time to attack me with it, isn't it? Before I find out what it is...?*
Shuma: "Does it need to meet some condition?"
*In comic books, it's often the case that a special power can be triggered, or be effective, only under a certain condition. Even though I'm not sure if it works so conveniently for me.*
Lotus: "Or, it is not the time to use the power, possibly."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Ephemera: "~~~!!"
*I dodge the creature's third charge. This time I have the opportunity to attack, but I intentionally let it go.*
Lotus: "Well? You could have attacked now? Why didn't you?"
Shuma: "Dad, the thing you were just talking about, what do you mean?"
*My instinct tells me his story is more important, so I halted my attack.*
Lotus: "Oh. I said it's not the power to use now. For example, it's suited to find enemies but not good for battle, something like that."
Shuma: "Is that possible? But that is a monster? I can't think of any powers that are not for attack."
*I keep my eye on the monster and talk to the ring.*
Lotus: "That essentially depends on what the creature is based upon. And the name "Ephemera" reminds me of something..."
Shuma: "Eh? Does the name mean something?"
Lotus: "I mean, I think it's the name of something. But I can't remember..."
Shuma: "Please do. It will help me in dealing with the monster."
*Probably some insect has that name. Of course I have no idea, but if my dad knows, we might be able to guess it's power.*
Lotus: "Insect, right... What is it...?"
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*As I pay more attention to him, I end up dodging the charge in a hurry.*
*But it doesn't appear to use the power. As my dad says, the power isn't directly involved in the fight? Or it may be arranging the condition? If so, now is my chance to attack?*
Shuma: "Can't you remember yet?"
Lotus: "Well, an insect, Ephemera...huh? But doesn't Ephemera mean "paper flyer"?"
Shuma: "Flyer?! That's not an insect!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Close! I barely escape because I paid too much attention to my dad.*
*And, gradually the monster's speed and number of attacks are increasing!*
Shuma: "Please, I'm not joking!"
Lotus: "Really, I'm sure there is an insect with a name like paper flyer."
Shuma: "Whoa, you! How dare you have thin arms like a mosquito!"
*Ephemera's approaching front arms are thin, but aiming at me with claw-like things attached to the ends.*
Shuma: "It can't be a joke to be attacked with the claws of this mosquito look-alike!"
Lotus: "Mosquito? Mosquito look-alike?"
Shuma: "Right! At first glance, mosquito, isn't it?!"
Shuma: "Whoa! Quick! Remember now!"
Lotus: "Mosquito, mosquito-like insect... A fly, water strider, crane fly..."
*I didn't know crane flies exist abroad. What? I don't have time to think like this. This monster must be letting itself go. It attacks me more and more!*
Shuma: "Damn...!"
*It's getting difficult simply to dodge it.*
Lotus: "Got it! Ephemera! I remember! That Ephemera! They swarm up so much, you can't see in front of you!"
Shuma: "Do you remember now?!"
Lotus: "In Japanese...that's it, mayfly!"
*...Mayfly? It really doesn't ring a bell.*
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?! Then, the power...do you know? I don't know much about mayflies!!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!"
Lotus: "At any rate, that is a mayfly monster. So then, do your best now."
Shuma: "Hey, don't you have anything else?!"
Lotus: "But I can't think of any special powers coming from mayflies. I guess it's not the power to be used for attack."
*That is certainly true but...*
Shuma: "...!"
Ephemera: "~~~!"
Shuma: "Damn! I have no choice!"
*I still don't know the monster's special power, but hoping my dad's guess is correct, I must knock it down somehow.*
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "I dodge an attack...!"
*I evade the charging Ephemera's attack in a large step to the side and attack it from behind...*
Shuma: "Eat this, waaaah!!"
*I muster up all my strength into my fist, and thrust into Ephemera as it’s already losing its balance.*
Ephemera: "~~~?!?!"
Shuma: "Eh?"
*At the moment I smash my fist into it, Ephemera raises a horrifying scream and suddenly starts to glow.*
Shuma: "Crap..."
*Maybe it's power is triggered when it's attacked?! Is that why it kept giving me a chance to attack?!*
Lycoris: "Oh no."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*As the monster glows and screams, I hear another voice mixed with a sigh. What is this?*
Ephemera: "~~~!!!!"
Shuma: "...!!"
*Meanwhile, the monster glows more and more and it becomes blinding..*
Shuma: "...Huh?"
*Then, the light gradually dies down...*
Ephemera: "~~~......"
Shuma: "Eh?"
*Along with the light, Ephemera, as it name suggests, breaks into pieces and disappears.*
Shuma: "Eh? What does this mean?"
Lotus: "Hmm. That cannot be its power."
*We are confused.*
Lycoris: "It seems it needed a little bit more time. It's a pity, I say."
Lycoris: "Well, either way, I don't feel bad as it was a monster that is of no use. Just boring, I say."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Lycoris: "Really, that was a monster with a useless power. After wasting time and collecting life force, all it can do is scatter its spores and die after that. It's really of no use, indeed."
Lycoris: "Then, if you want to plant its spores, you must do it carefully one by one. Really stupid, really useless. Less than a dragonfly, I say."
Shuma: "Ah."
*Dad said it. Mayflies, they swarm and you can't see through them. So that was the monster's power.*
Mari: "Well, before it collected enough life force, you killed it mercilessly, Master."
Mari: "Master, you're as cruel as an elementary school child who catches and kills a cicada before he can lose his virginity once he finally emerges from the ground!"
Shuma: "Don't you dare say such a horrible thing! Don't lie! I'm not such a cold-blooded man. Why don't you help that girl now?"
*Before I know it, Mari, who kept her distance, comes right up behind me. But Lycoris descends upon the collapsed girl before Mari.*
Lycoris: "Oh, dear. Such a pain. Well, it's okay. I used the monster as much as could even though it was useless."
*Lycoris licks her lips while she stares at me.*
Lycoris: "Now that you found me out, I must deal with you. Also, I have a grudge against you from the last time..."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*As I'm about to say it...*
Aoi: "My Lord, bestow upon me the strength!!"
Lycoris: "It hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrts!"
*Oh, quick?!*
Aoi: "You're useful sometimes."
Shuma: "That's good. Likewise. You're supposed to be a normal human being, but how come you arrive so quickly every time?"
*Even though I defeated Ephemera, I was uneasy to fight Lycoris only with Mari and myself. Aoi is here, so now it's 50/50.*
*While I carefully watch Lycoris falling down on the ground, I give a side glance to Aoi. Sensing it, Aoi nods at me. I return the nod.*
Lycoris: "Ugh, I didn't expect a surprise attack!"
*I carefully watch Lycoris. She's standing up with tears in her eyes... I must attack at the right moment.*
Lycoris: "Tsk, they're getting in my way. But I won't be defeated by that lame hunter, green progenitor and a stupid doggie, I say!"
*Standing against Lycoris ready with her scythe, Aoi draws her twin daggers...*
Aoi: "Shuma, you look after the victim!"
Shuma: "Alright!"
Lycoris: "I won't let him, I say!"
*At the moment the two set their targets and close in on each other, I start running at full speed.*
*Their blades flash, reflecting street lights and moonlight together, then crash into each other with a force that creates sparks.*
*Feeling their battle on my back, I run to the girl... Ah, Aoi kicking off Lycoris is thrown toward the school gates!*
Shuma: "...I hope she isn't injured!! Let's go Mari!"
*It's better not to think she's okay. Ephemera's spores or Lycoris' life force must have been injected into her.*
*In that case, I must suck out the life force...*
Mari: "Yes! I'll protect you, Master! Now quickly, let's earn growth points today, too!"
Shuma: "Don't say it like that!"
Lotus: "You'll put your fangs in her neck and suck it, won't you? Whatever you say, you'll grow from it. "Growth points". Maritima did put it well."
*Shut up, Dad! To save her I have no choice.*
Shuma: "Anyway, we'll go!"
*Leaving the sound of crashing metals behind, Mari and I run quickly to the dazed girl.*
Shuma: "Err... You, are you okay?!"
*The girl who was savored by Lycoris until minutes ago slumps against the gate. I can't see her face but...naturally she is exhausted.*
*...No reply, either.*
Shuma: "Damn, maybe it's too late..."
*I must help her now. This is to save a life, emergency measures!*
*I tell it to myself and place my hands on her shoulders. Right at that moment...*
Shuma: "...Ugh, gak?!"
Girl: "......"
*Suddenly the girl reaches out to my neck...and starts choking me, her face still looking downward.*
Shuma: "Gak...! Ugh?!"
*I look quickly at the girl... At the moment I see her face, my already confused thoughts completely stop.*
Mari: "Th-this girl...?!"
*...I recognize her.*
*Naturally, she has our school uniform on. I couldn't see her frame or hairstyle in the darkness of the night, but both are clear now that I'm close to her.*
*Her face is illuminated by the moonlight. Expressionless, she stares at me and squeezes my neck... She is the girl I've seen many times.*
Kaede: "......"
*...Kaede?!*
Shuma: "I-it can't be...?!"
*Why is Kaede here...?!*
Lycoris: "Yes, Shuma Embroche. I'll check to see how far your awakening has progressed. There!"
Aoi: "What...ah?!"
*The dry sound of metal echoes in the air.*
Kaede: "......"
*In the next moment, the source of the sound that is sent flying drops next to Kaede.*
*...One of Aoi's twin daggers?*
Lycoris: "Do it now, Kaede-chan!"
Aoi: "Your opponent is me!"
Lycoris: "What can you do with one dagger? For your information, I won't let you retrieve the other, I won't!"
Shuma: "Gak! *Cough*...Kae, de...?!"
*Released from her death grip I realize Kaede has pushed me away...*
Shuma: "Ah...!"
*My response is lagging.*
Mari: "Master! Hey you!"
*But Mari rushes in meanwhile.*
Shuma: "*Gasp*... Mari...!"
Kaede: "~~~..."
Mari: "*Bite*! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmm!"
Shuma: "Good job, Mari! Don't talk holding the dagger in your mouth! You'll cut your tongue."
*As I hurriedly shout, Mari spits out the dagger from her mouth and holds it in her hand.*
Mari: "I got it! We see the result of flying disc practice! Praise me, praise me!"
Shuma: "Okay, okay! I'll buy you a lot of toys later!"
Mari: "Wooof! That's my master! Great!"
**Throw*.*
*Ah, the dagger Mari kept away from Kaede now flies carelessly through the air thanks to Mari's banzai cheers.*
Shuma: "Stupid! What are you doing, throwing away the dagger?! Anyway, quick."
Mari: "What...?!"
*...As if to say a dagger isn't needed, Kaede's nails rake gently across Mari's arm.*
Shuma: "What?! Mari?!"
Mari: "I'm okay. Just a scratch. I can lick and cure it in five minutes...but it hurts."
Kaede: "......"
*Mari is injured by Kaede...while she's defending me...*
*They are normal human nails, but the wounds look slashed open by a knife. Fresh blood drips down... It must be delicious. Mari's bloodstained upper arm looks terribly painful.*
Shuma: "Ugh!!"
*No, not that! What am I thinking?!*
Shuma: "Kaede, pull yourself together! It's me!"
Kaede: "...~~~~...!"
Shuma: "Damn, I have no choice but to bite. Sorry, Kaede, bear it!"
*As I jump onto Kaede in a hurry, a sound of cutting wind zips by my cheek.*
Shuma: "?!"
*Kaede swings around her blade-like nails violently and at random. They look like normally trimmed nails, but probably because of the injected life force, they've become a weapon that can slash open flesh.*
*Because of this, I can't get close.*
Kaede: "...~~~~~~...!!"
*Even though she simply swings around her arms freely, Kaede's nails demonstrate enough power that cannot be achieved by the untrained.*
*Her moves are chaotic, but the speed at which she flings around her arms, and the way she quickly turns her body, are impossible for a normal girl.*
*It's impossible for the normal Kaede to make such moves.*
Shuma: "Kaede! Ugh...damn!"
Kaede: "~~~~...!! ...~~...!"
*...Lycoris is making her do it, forcing it on innocent Kaede, an ordinary girl.*
*That vampire!*
Shuma: "Lycoris, you!! Cut it out!!"
Lycoris: "That's my line. Face me! Aoi, you're in my way!!"
Aoi: "Ugh...Lycoris!!"
*Pushing back Aoi, Lycoris charges at me as if to say it's her reply to my shout.*
*Bring it on! I clench my fist in a fit of anger...*
Kaede: "...~~~~...!!"
Shuma: "Ugh...ah...!!"
*I nearly avoid Kaede's attack. I'm way beyond calming down and...becoming pale.*
*If I keep fighting this way, I can't help involving Kaede in it.*
Lotus: "If you hurt Kaede-chan, I won't forgive you."
*Shut up, lolicon!*
*However, unless I do something about Kaede, not only will my attacks not reach Lycoris, but Kaede and I might end up striking each other at the same time.*
Lotus: "Hmm. You have no choice but to use Deesse Morte now. As I said, it can cut down life force."
*Right. Lycoris' life force is controlling Kaede now. If I can successfully cut it down, Kaede will be able to escape from the clutches of Lycoris.*
Shuma: "But..."
*To swing that big sword at this fragile girl...*
Kaede: "...~~~...~~...!"
*I look at Kaede who directs clear hostility toward me while moving erratically.*
Lotus: "Because she's a fragile girl, you must help her, mustn't you?"
Shuma: "Damn..."
*Dad is right. Kaede can be saved only by Deesse Morte...only by me. Then...*
Shuma: "I must do it!"
*I extend my right hand in a horizontal direction.*
Shuma: "Gods who are bound by my family blood. Obey me and bestow me with your power... Come!"
Lycoris: "I won't let you do that! Kaede, pay no attention and beat him up, I say!"
Kaede: "~~~...~~~!!"
Shuma: "Ugh."
*I sidestep Kaede charging with Lycoris' command, then using the shifting weight, I hold Deesse Morte high.*
Shuma: "Sorry, Kaede. I'm gonna do it..."
*I swing Deesse Morte to the opposite direction of Kaede and cut horizontally.*
*I will cut down Kaede's life force as practiced!*
Shuma: "Waaaaaagh!!"
Kaede: "~~~?!"
Shuma: "Shoot..."
*But its large swing only cuts through the space where Kaede was seconds ago. She must have sensed the danger. She's already jumped and stepped back.*
Shuma: "Shit. But like..."
*I tried to cut down the life force but...*
Lotus: "If you do it like that, you will end up cleaving Kaede-chan. If you hurt her, I won't forgive you."
*Eh, wait a second. Didn't he say I can cut life force with this?*
Lotus: "Focus more, and create the image of slicing off the root of the life force planted within her. In that way, you can cut only the life force."
*You say that, but those were images, and this is real life!*
Lotus: "All you can do is capture it in the action. If you fail even once, Deesse Morte itself will strike Kaede-chan. If that happens, I will never forgive you, Shuma! Loli girls' enemies are my enemies, too!"
*Waiiiiiiiit?!*
Kaede: "~~~...~~..."
Shuma: "Shoot..."
*I'm seriously in a tough spot. I practiced handling Deesse Morte so much but in the first try, I missed the target. Well, it was good I didn't strike her...*
*But I never expected that I'd have to improvise and use this life-force-cutting power successfully in action...*
Kaede: "~~...~~~..."
*Still, the large swing of Deesse Morte seems to have some effect. Kaede hesitates to enter into my space and keeps checking me while maintaining her distance.*
Shuma: "......"
*Thank goodness. If she kept charging at me recklessly, I would do nothing but swing this sword. Considering that, I'm grateful she hesitates about attacking.*
*But it's also difficult for me to attack. It's too risky to bet it all on one swing. She's not a vampire, but only a human. If she gets struck by it, she won't stand a chance.*
Shuma: "......"
*I can't make a move. Kaede cannot charge readily,either. A frozen state... I wish Aoi would defeat Lycoris at least...*
Aoi: "Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "You're really in my way! So stubborn! You're weak, so you're better off being defeated now!"
*Clearly Aoi is overwhelmed by Lycoris. I can't expect help from her. Not only that, if Aoi is pushed back again, Lycoris will come this way. Hmm?*
Shuma: "That's it! Hey, Lycoris!"
Lycoris: "What is it?! I'm gonna knock Aoi down first, then completely destroy you. So Shuma, let Kaede beat you up and wait for me in silence!"
Shuma: "That won't happen! Kaede is too weak for me! Now I'm gonna come and destroy you, so YOU wait for me in silence, cowering and dripping with piss!"
Lycoris: "Arrrgh?!"
*Yup, I got her!*
Lotus: "Oh, what are you planning to do? You can't even manage to cut Kaede-chan's life force."
*Because of it! If I can't fight Kaede, then I will destroy the source of the life force. I don't think Lycoris will die if I knock her down hard.*
Lotus: "Well, well, is that a good idea?"
*Whether good or bad, it's for saving Kaede and I can't forgive Lycoris!*
Shuma: "I'm coming for you now! Maybe you're scared of me, so that's why you stay over there trembling? I guess so! I'm invincible with Deesse Morte! You and Kaede will be done in a second!"
Lycoris: "That's the last straw! I SAY!"
Aoi: "Wait?! If you provoke her too much...?!"
Lycoris: "Aoi! Move away, I say!!"
Aoi: "Eek?!"
*Sorry, Aoi. I have to do this to avoid hurting Kaede.*
Lycoris: "Kaede is no use to me. As you wish, I'll take care of you two together!!"
*Lycoris' big scythe is ready to slash both Kaede and me...!*
*Crap! I didn't suspect Kaede would be dragged into this!*
Shuma: "Ugh!!"
*I push Kaede down and evade the blade slashing horizontally.*
Shuma: "Ugh...damn...argh...!!"
*While holding down a struggling Kaede below me, I glare at Lycoris. But as long as Kaede is here, I can't easily move.*
Lotus: "Well, it's come to this quite naturally."
*Don't be so calm and smug all by yourself! What am I gonna do now?!*
Lycoris: "Hehe, where's your spirit now, Shuma Embroche?! From now on, it will always be my turn."
*...What am I going to do?*
*Can I deal with Lycoris while protecting Kaede who might attack me at any moment?*
Aoi: "I won't let you! I've been telling you, I am the one fighting you!!"
Lycoris: "Argh?!"
Shuma: "Aoi!"
*I realize Aoi, who was blown away, comes back like a wind and forces her way between Lycoris and I.*
Aoi: "Shuma, what have you been doing? You're in my way!! Run and take the girl with you!!"
Shuma: "...Sorry, Aoi. I'll leave the rest to you!!"
Kaede: "Mm...*gasp*...~~~~...!"
*I hold up struggling Kaede and run to the school gates...then look for the closest path of retreat.*
Shuma: "Ugh, argh...!!"
*Kaede keeps struggling and raging around... Right now there's nothing I can do about it.*
Mari: "Yap, yap, yaaaaap!!"
Lycoris: "I won't let you go...what... Eek?!"
Aoi: "THRUST KIIIICK!!"
Lycoris: "Gwaaaaaaah!"
*I glance at Lycoris, who receives Mari's surprise attack and is being blown away by Aoi's kick, while I hold on to the resisting Kaede.*
Kaede: "...~~~, ~~~, ~~~~~...!!"
Shuma: "It hurts...! Damn...!!"
*While I carry a restrained but still violent Kaede, her nails stab my arms and stomach. It hurts, but I can't stop running now!*
*In any case, I must take Kaede to a safe place!!*
Aoi: "Your way of talking is always annoying!!"
Lycoris: "Then don't pretend to be a friend and attack me, I say!"
Aoi: "Shut up! You're a disgrace to the Rubina! I will apologize with you to them, so let me kick your ass!"
Lycoris: "When I think about it carefully, there are many things wrong about you attacking me while pretending to be a friend. You're always so pushy!"
Shuma: "Le-leave the rest to you, Aoi... Ugh! Aaah, really! It hurts!!"
*.........*
*...Mari and I scurry away and somehow escape from the school.*
*We restrain Kaede and make sure she cannot move. I feel sorry for her, but nothing can be done.*
*I received several injuries from Kaede, but they're not serious. I'm a man.*
*My concern is... Mari's injuries.*
Shuma: "Sorry, Mari. All because you defended me."
Mari: "It's not Master's fault. Here. They're all better. But still...!"
*Probably because Mari is a werewolf, she's equipped with a strong vital power. It manifests itself in her super recovery power.*
*Not only does she have strong vitality, but she can heal wounds by licking them.*
Mari: "That's why, no humans...! They're arrogant but so easily controlled by master vampires, and they are weak-willed...!!"
Shuma: "This is Kaede!"
Mari: "...I know. I said too much."
*Meanwhile, Kaede who's restrained extends her hand trying desperately to resist me.*
*The look of her is beyond surreal, and in some way morbid...so I can't bear to look at her any more.*
*That one, Lycoris, a vampire is doing this. How dare she control an innocent girl.*
Shuma: "Kaede...I'll make you feel better now."
Kaede: "...? .........?!"
*I bite into her fair neck and begin sucking her blood.*
*The taste of iron covers my mouth. But the flavor is not the one to satisfy me. It's the young, vital energy flowing into my mouth. Life force...*
*...Delicious. My mind is clearing up. Pain from the injuries is fading away. It is far more refreshing than water after jogging.*
Kaede: "Mmm...! Bi-big Broth, er?"
Shuma: "Kaede? Are you alright, are you awake?!"
Kaede: "...What? Where am...I...?"
Mari: "......"
Kaede: "Mari-chan, too?"
Shuma: "Mari and I were out to buy ice cream at a convenience store. And when we passed the school, we found you lying on the ground. Do you feel okay?"
Kaede: "Y-yeah...I don't know...don't remember..."
Mari: "To begin with, why were you at school that time?"
Kaede: "Well...in the biology club room, I stayed alone for some time after everyone was gone...spending time with our pets, then fell asleep...?"
Shuma: "...Ah, I told you before not to do that. Are you still doing that?"
Kaede: "Hehe, when was it, last month...the month before last? I'm sorry, but they're all so cute..."
*What if I had helped Kaede carry the bags? Would have things been different?*
*I can't say, but I can't help feeling gloomy. It all traces back to me.*
Kaede: "Hehe...Big Brother is here!"
Kaede: "...Big Brother!!!"
*She's holding on to me tightly. She probably hasn't grasped the situation yet, but she might feel relieved.*
*Her cheeks are red, her eyes glistening. Her sweet, clinging voice tickles my heart.*
Kaede: "Big Brother, I want to pee."
Kaede: "...Big Brother, my crotch is squeezing!"
*――――.*
Mari: "I'm gonna chase away Lady Calen. Cell phone."
Shuma: "Wait, I won't bring her home! I won't bring her home yet!"
Mari: "You say you won't bring her home, but what are you gonna to do with her? Just when I thought you could control this a little!"
Kaede: "Big Brother, I'm sorry, just I feel strange...haa, haa, haah...!!"
Shuma: "Damn, as soon as we become serious a little, now this! Pull yourself together, Kaede!"
*The reason Kaede is like this is because she was attacked by a vampire.*
*No, because I bit her. Don't sidestep the issue.*
*Because I'm a vampire...*
*................*
Lotus: "Hurry up, Shuma. Show me naughty Kaede-chan now! We won't make it!"
*Shut up! We won't make it to what?!*
Shuma: "!!"
*Anyway, we run to Kaede's home at full speed!!*
Kaede: "Mmheeaaaaahmm!!!"
Shuma: "Mrs. Oomine! Ah, she isn't here. At work? Anyway, Kaede, you're done for today. Don't go out tonight, okay?! Understand?!"
Kaede: "Aah, Big Brother, wait...!"
*Run!*
Lotus: "What a waste...! If you don't want to, Shuma, I will...*pant pant*..."
*Shut up! You can't do anything!*
*After sending Calen to Kaede's home, I get a notice from Aoi that she lost Lycoris.*
*Thanks to Mari, she lost one of her daggers and I don't think Aoi could match Lycoris, so it's a logical result.*
*To say more, I don't think the current Lycoris would destroy Aoi. I have no idea what Lycoris is thinking right now.*
*But then, not knowing what she's thinking may be better...*
*Next Day. At school.*
Calen: "Let's try tango today, ready, one, two..."
Sakurako: "Yo, ha, yo, se, *twirl*, stop!"
Aoi: "Annoying... This vampire is annoying..."
Calen: "You will dance briskly, too. There, one, two!"
Aoi: "Nooooo. Embarrassiiiiiiiing!"
Mari: "Really, a bad agent. She can't resist either Master or Lady Calen."
Shuma: "They're so carefree..."
*I wonder if Kaede is okay. I'm worried...*
Shuma: "Hey, Mari. Mesmerization... if you leave it, will it fade by itself?"
Mari: "Well, it's case by case. If the mesmerization is firmly in, modern-day humans oblivious to the magic will drag on for a few days."
*................*
Shuma: "I'm going to the men's room."
Mari: "Only five minutes before class starts."
Shuma: "............"
*I wonder if Kaede is okay. I didn't see her this morning... She hasn't gone wrong, has she?*
*That simple and honest Kaede...I turned her into that!*
*Why did I run away from her anyway?! I already did it with Kaede! So why is it like this?*
Shuma: "Damn, Kaede..."
*Really, what do I want to do?*
Kaede: "Hahaha...yeah, right...yeah, so cute..."
*As I walk downstairs to buy tomato juice, Kaede is walking from the opposite direction, chatting with her friend.*
*She looks the same and quite usual. Normal.*
Shuma: "Kaede! Are you alright?!"
Kaede: "Eh? Ah, Big Brother!"
*Still, heart symbols are attached to her voice.*
Kaede: "Ah, yeah, senpai. In my neighborhood. Right, I sometimes talk about him to you. Go ahead, I'll go with Big Brother...mm...see you later."
Kaede: "Good. Now we are alone, Big Brother!"
*So shrewd, who is she?!*
Kaede: "Oh yes, Big Brother. I don't remember very much, but did you hold me tight yesterday?"
Shuma: "Eh? N-no, I don't know."
*Is "hold me tight" about the time I sucked her blood?*
Kaede: "Really? You held me tight and like, I felt squeezing. Listen Big Brother..."
*Her eyes are more moist compared to when she was chatting with her friend?! The mesmerization hasn't gone yet!*
Shuma: "W-well, what is it, Kaede?"
Kaede: "You know, it's strange...since yesterday...when I think about you...I feel really strange...!"
Kaede: "...This... Did something happen to me? I had a hard time falling asleep...and now when I see your face...I feel..."
Kaede: "Squeeze...!"
Shuma: "W-w-w-why are you coming so close to me, Kaede-chan?"
Kaede: "Well, it's embarrassing...I don't want to say this, but..."
Kaede: "Pee...!"
Shuma: "Why does my mesmerization have this effect? It's overwhelming. I must be able to control this properly."
Lotus: "What are you saying? You can turn this loli girl into a syrupy, pee girl. It's a wonderful power! I wish I had it."
*Shut up. Please be quiet.*
Kaede: "Hehe. I got you."
**Grab*!*
Shuma: "Did I get caught?!"
Kaede: "Why? When I see you...I want to do...it..."
Kaede: "Such an embarrassing thing. I've never done it before...but my head is filled with it. Yesterday when I was going to sleep..."
Kaede: "With Big Brother, well, I mean...doing naughty things...!"
Shuma: "――――――"
*We erased her memory, but it might still be kept somewhere. Even if it's done by a vampire, it's not possible to physiologically tamper with the brain's memories.*
Kaede: "You know, Big Brother, I thought my crotch squeezing...may stop if we do it..."
Kaede: "I was okay until minutes ago! But when I suddenly saw your face...strange...hehe!"
Kaede: "Big Brother!"
Shuma: "Whoa? S-stupid. Don't hug me in a place like this?!"
Kaede: "Ah, Big Brother. Sorry."
Kaede: "I want to pee!"
*Eh? Why?*
Lotus: "She still hadn't lost all of Shuma's life force after being mesmerized, so when that life force came close to her again, she relapsed. Shuma, good job!"
*I don't like this effect. Doesn't it have a cooling-off period?*
Kaede: "Big Brother, pee!"
*――――.*
Shuma: "Let's go to the restroom."
Kaede: "Mm, let's go to the restroom."
*It's me who made her like this. This is school and Kaede is an important neighbor.*
*If I leave her like this, I'm sure to embarrass her unnecessarily! I must do it!*
Kaede: "Nooo. If you pull so hard, I'll have an accident!"
====================E-MR01_02H_N.TXT====================
*I-I'm not expecting anything. Ah no, no. That's a lie. I'm sooo excited.*
*So...where is the toileeeet?!*
====================E-MR01_03.TXT====================
Kaede: "I, I, what have I done?"
Shuma: "Ah, haha..."
*After the event, it's during class, I take Kaede to the rooftop.*
Kaede: "Ah, I'm remembering now! This isn't the first time is it, Big Brother? We did something like this once before, sometime last week!"
Kaede: "Something is wrong with me. I'm sorry, Big Brother!"
Shuma: "Anyway, calm down!"
*Kaede was so simple and honest. It's no surprise she becomes like this.*
Lotus: "That's another 'moe' point. A normally quiet loli girl becomes so horny during sex, then turns all red after coming to her senses. That's so irresistible, isn't it?"
*Well, she's certainly cute... Hey, don't lead my thoughts in that direction!*
Shuma: "...Let's stop apologizing to each other. Otherwise, it'll be unbearable for both of us."
Kaede: "Yes..."
Kaede: "But why? Vampires...are like this?"
Shuma: "It seems so..."
*I explain the situation to Kaede to calm her down.*
*About me, vampires and Lycoris, and what happened to her.*
*I don't tell her what she did to Mari the other day. Kaede herself doesn't remember, and I don't want her to worry about it.*
Shuma: "Anyway, it's not your fault that you turned bad. It's was like, because of that kind of power..."
Shuma: "So, you know...don't worry! That's the best! Probably!!"
Kaede: "O-okay! ...No, I can't do it!!"
*Calen, please come here quick!!*
Kaede: "Ah, but you know what? It's not like I hated it! Because I'm the one who attacked you, it looks like...so!"
Kaede: "Oh no, I can't believe I am like this."
Lotus: "Kaede is so cute. Shuma, I want to go to the restroom."
*Shut up! Damn you, Dad. Apologize to me and Kaede.*
Shuma: "That's not it. Mesmerization is the power that makes you want to...'do it'. Sometimes it has a strong effect like this because I can't control it very well."
Kaede: "But you did it to save me, right? So...it's okay."
Shuma: "Ah. Sorry."
Kaede: "Big Brother, you said you should stop apologizing. Hehe."
Shuma: "Haha, right."
*Kaede was a pure, innocent and naturally grown girl. A younger neighbor who calms me down by simply being with me.*
*Sakurako, too. A classmate and pal. She was the best friend to have fun with, regardless of sex.*
*All went wrong because of Lycoris, the vampire who attacked them.*
*On top of that, the main cause of all this is me...*
Kaede: "Big Brother. Don't you like vampires?"
Shuma: "Ah? Er, I don't know. At least I don't like that they've involved humans, who have nothing to do with this."
Shuma: "...Good-for-nothings, they are."
*Lycoris, when I find you, you're gonna pay.*
*Kaede, Sakurako, and so many other victims.*
*Next, Lycoris, I will violate you...suck your blood until you're dry and shriveled.*
Lotus: "Hmm..."
Kaede: "I understand you don't like vampires very much. Well, I can't say this right but..."
Kaede: "That's not like you."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Kaede: "I don't mind having had sex with you. Ah, no, if anything, I'm happy! I'm glad I did it with you!"
Kaede: "I love you, Big Brother."
Shuma: "...Mm. I understand."
Lotus: "Shuma. Change with me. Please, I beg of you!"
*Give it up, you dirty old man. I can't leave Kaede to you.*
*And the vampire's power of mesmerization is making her say it.*
*I don't know what her true feelings are.*
Sakurako: "Grub, grub, GRUB!"
Mari: "Er...where's Master. Ah, there he is. Hello!"
Calen: "Shuma-san, oh, Kaede-san is here, too?"
Kaede: "Big Brother. Everyone is here. Lunch time."
Shuma: "Ah, right. What are you going to do, Kaede? Going back to the classroom?"
Kaede: "Yeah, I am."
Shuma: "Oh, no, before that. Calen, hey!"
Calen: "Yes, what is it? Oh, Kaede-san...hehe. I hope you enjoyed yourself with my fiance."
Kaede: "Ah, no, nothing like that. I, well, maybe I did, 'cause I did it, I'm sorry!"
Calen: "Not just once, but twice. Well then, Kaede-san is also Shuma-san's mistress now."
Shuma: "Don't bring up the subject!!"
Calen: "Well?"
Kaede: "*Groan*...I'd also appreciate it if you didn't talk about it..."
Calen: "Your face is all red. How lovely!"
Aoi: "...*Staaaare*..."
Shuma: "Aoi, too! Stop staring!"
Aoi: "Hmph, don't come close, vampire."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Calen: "Hehe. So, what is it, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "Ah, yeah. About Kaede's memory..."
*I can leave Iris for another time... But as for Lycoris, I can't forgive her any more.*
*I'll catch her, suck all her blood and make her completely useless. I don't care if she is Aoi's friend. In the end, she's just a human who is under control.*
*We eventually agreed to not erase Kaede's memory. She's not the kind of girl who'd go and blab about it anyway.*
*It's for this reason, that if she retains the memory of the previous attack, she can take precautions. We should have done the same last time.*
*...Though it was totally unexpected that Kaede herself decided to keep the memory of our sex.*
*Anyway, from now on, Kaede can take precautions on her own. I told her to contact me if she feels threatened.*
Teacher: "Er, recently we've been hearing about girls in our school uniform loitering around late at night..."
Teacher: "All of you should refrain from staying out late. It is us teachers who get yelled at."
Teacher: "Okay, that'll be all for today. Class is dismissed. Good bye."
*Now, after school.*
Sakurako: "Staying out late. I didn't know we had such bad students."
Calen: "Well, well, Sakurako-san, do you have a mirror?"
Shuma: "Sakurako, you should be careful, too. Seriously. Even though I'm not as worried as you are with Calen."
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "What, Mari? What's up? You've been in a bad mood."
Mari: "Nothing, really. I don't mind it at all."
Shuma: "You said it yourself, Kaede was under control."
Mari: "I know."
Aoi: "Alright, I'm leaving. You, why don't you look for Lycoris?"
Shuma: "You know that she hardly comes out while the sun is up. What are you doing anyway?"
Aoi: "...I'll tell you later. Bye-bye."
Shuma: "Oh, wait. I'll come with you."
Aoi: "Don't."
Shuma: "So, you're cutting me out... I want to find Lycoris now!"
Aoi: "I don't like you now."
Shuma: "Ah, okay. Do as you wish."
Sakurako: "Ah, she's gone. I really don't know what's up with Aoi, if she likes you or not."
Shuma: "I don't think she does."
Sakurako: "Errr, I don't know. Sometimes I can see a sign of compromise and, she is cute."
Shuma: "Well, nothing can be done. We've gotta do this with only you, me, and Mari."
Mari: "*Sigh*... Again, I'm the one to spend a night with you today."
Shuma: "Don't say that in such a weird way."
Lotus: "Night after night, you wrestle wildly with your maid. What a depraved relationship."
*Don't poke at me, dirty old man.*
Lotus: "Sex and blood sucking are both exchanges of body fluid. To me, they are synonymous. Rather, sex while sucking blood is truly like... With your mother, it really made me hot..."
*Oh, a message.*
Lotus: "You really got better at ignoring me, Shuma."
From: Aoi
*No offense. Sorry.*
*Besides occasionally attacking me and increasing her familiars little by little. What is the purpose of Lycoris anyway?*
*Wherever she attacks me and the places she just shows up are both random. And if I happen to find her, she's in a strangely conspicuous spot.*
*Is she maybe trying to throw me off her trail? Is she doing something differently somewhere else?*
*And unlike the case of the bridge, she doesn't try to collect many familiars and attack me with a group. She occasionally shows up on a whim...but then quickly runs away.*
Mari: "What's wrong, thinking so seriously?"
Shuma: "Oh, I've been thinking about Lycoris."
Mari: "What does that human want to do anyway?"
Shuma: "I wonder if she's been doing something already."
*If so, the familiar Iris created has been making her do it...*
Shuma: "Hey, about Iris' power to create familiars. Just what are her familiars capable of doing? They can't think and fight as much as her, can they?"
Mari: "Are you asking about Ladybug? That's impossible. Familiars are familiars, even though they could be affected somewhat."
Shuma: "Can anything else happen besides elevated power levels with vampirization?"
Mari: "After that, 'thought induction' maybe. It seems to have not completely taken over Lycoris-san. With her, it's more like a different personality or persona."
Mari: "Probably its intelligence is slightly lower than Lycoris-san's."
*That means really stupid.*
Mari: "Familiars' powers are all different, I think. See, the cause of the dog incident was Lady Pumila's familiar, but it was clearly different from Ladybug."
Shuma: "Sure."
*I don't know what it means, the power to turn humans into dogs.*
Mari: "A familiar's shape and nature seems to depend on the motif given by Lady Pumila. Last time was a c-crane fly...?"
Shuma: "Mayfly."
Mari: "Yes, yes, I think she used a mayfly as the motif. Lycoris-san said that it's power matches up to it, too."
Shuma: "In that case, it's possible that another monster with various powers may show up... But Ephemera wasn't much, so maybe we can take care of it.
Mari: "Well, I think it depends on the amount of life force it's given. As far as a battle between vampires goes, reserve of life force means everything."
*...In any case, first Lycoris. Until I find her, I'm not getting anywhere.*
Shuma: "I'll catch her, suck her blood, control her and make her listen! Release her from Ladybug. That should fix everything."
Lotus: "Shuma, do you think that is good enough?"
*Of course. I'm angry. I show no mercy. My anger is ready to explode!*
Mari: "So, are we going to search for her now?"
Shuma: "I don't want to stay still."
Mari: "Hmph. Do you want to suck blood so much? Very good, very good. Finally you're awakening to yourself as the son of the progenitor, Master."
Shuma: "That's not it. I just want to defeat Lycoris!"
Shuma: "Such a vampire, whatever I do with her, no one will care or complain!"
Mari: "...Master?"
Shuma: "First of all, you said the son of the progenitor, but I'm still a human...!!"
Shuma: "Ah, no...nothing. I must catch her and do something with her. Otherwise, the damage will spread. If there are more victims and I suck their blood, it'll be good for you, too."
Lotus: "That's true. It will be good for everyone."
*It's unusual, Dad is actually agreeing with me.*
Mari: "Well, it is so..."
Mari: "Humans. I think they're all alike."
*Evening. As I expected, we cannot find Lycoris.*
*I think to myself, what am I doing anyway? I'm hungry, too.*
*But I'm not going home. Mari comes with me.*
Mari: "Master. Here, a rice ball."
Shuma: "...Ah, thank you."
Mari: "If you are a progenitor, you don't need to thank your maid."
Shuma: "Then, give that to me now!"
Mari: "Yes, yes."
*But I luck out.*
Lycoris: "You there, missy, walking down the street, don't you wanna have some fun with me? Do naughty things?"
Girl Pedestrian: "Eek?!"
*As soon as it turns into night, I find Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh. He found me so fast! I'm so unlucky! You, don't come near me! Don't do it!"
Shuma: "You, over there. Run! Run to where there are many people!"
Girl Pedestrian: "Eh, eh?! Y-yes?!"
*Lycoris is about to attack the girl. She's a completely shady person, Ms. Pervert.*
*Today, Lycoris is alone. I thought she might bring another monster with her, but I've lucked out!*
Shuma: "It seems you haven't attacked anybody today except for that girl."
Lycoris: "What is it? Are you getting in my way again?"
Shuma: "Of course, you shady person!"
Mari: "Go, go, go for it, Master! She must have a lot of life force within her, and Lycoris-san isn't even a vampire! Your power will go up drastically!"
Shuma: "Lycoris, I'm gonna catch you quickly today...!"
*I run to her in one move. Once I approach and bite her, this game is mine!*
*...But things won't go so easily.*
Lycoris: "Yes?"
*She has a dumbfounded look on her face and dodges me with ease.*
*She duly presses her scythe against me as if to say, "for the time being."*
Lycoris: "This is ridiculous. What do you want to do?"
Mari: "Master! Grrrrrr!"
Lycoris: "There, there."
Mari: "*Yelp, yelp, yelp, yelp*."
*Weak. She is weak, today too.*
Shuma: "Anyway, once I bite...!!"
Lycoris: "What's up with these tricks? Too reckless, there."
*I jump toward Lycoris many times without backing away from the threat of her scythe, but she keeps dodging me quite easily.*
*Lycoris who is confused goes along with me, more or less. But if she's going to do anything, I hope she'll just give me her nape.*
Mari: "Master, what have you been doing? Are you really gonna do it?!"
Shuma: "Yes! Yes but...!!"
Lotus: "Maritima is right. This is not like you."
*Damn it... Why? What's this really?! I'm trying to jump on her. I keep charging, thinking I'll destroy her even at the risk of my life!*
Lotus: "Maybe that is wrong. Anger reduces your cool, and when you lose your cool, you misjudge. Above all else, if you abandon yourself to anger, you will be too tense to move."
Shuma: "You say that but..."
Lotus: "Your selfish anger will involve not only you, but people around you."
Shuma: "...!"
*Right. Calm. It's exactly what Dad says.*
*Sure, I hate Lycoris and Iris. They make my blood boil. But that doesn't excuse me for involving everybody and charging at Lycoris in a fit of rage.*
*If I get defeated now, not only Mari, but also that girl and other innocent bystanders will be involved in this and there will be no way of stopping...*
Shuma: "Kaede..."
*What have I been doing? I'm the cause of Kaede's trouble, but I lost myself in anger and was about to repeat the same mistake...*
Shuma: "*Inhale*...*exhale*..."
Mari: "Hey, Master. What are you closing your eyes for in front of the enemy?!"
Shuma: "Well..."
*I calmly open my eyes.*
Mari: "Whoa...?"
Shuma: "...Sorry. I'm okay now."
*Okay. I can manage my anger. I'm in control.*
Lotus: "Oh. Pretty good."
*Blood withdraws from my head and, at the same time, I feel my temperature slightly decrease. My body becomes relaxed, my eyesight becomes clear.*
Shuma: "...Come, Deesse Morte."
Lycoris: "*Gasp*! Just as I thought you were acting weird, you bring out the big silly sword again? Don't you remember you couldn't win with it before, I say!"
Shuma: "Destroying you seems to be the best option after all."
*My head is as cool as ice. In this moment, I feel that I can successfully realize the image of slashing her life force.*
Shuma: "Here, I come...w-what?"
*As I try to hold Deesse Morte at the ready, my vision violently shakes.*
Mari: "Woof?!"
Shuma: "Eh, eh...?"
*The ground is shaking... No, I don't have strength in my legs...?*
Lotus: "Oh no. It wasn't a bad decision, but you used Deesse Morte in a real battle, so you must have consumed much of your life force."
*No, no. I brought it out for the special training, but I was fine.*
Lotus: "Still, you exhausted a lot of life force yesterday, even though you replenished some from Kaede-chan."
*No... If so, how come I feel this wobbly all of a sudden?*
Mari: "Aaaah! Master, you're not right after all. Suddenly you tried to look cool, but now you're staggering. Idiot, just like an idiot!"
Shuma: "Damnit."
Lycoris: "Something doesn't smell right. He turned weak all by himself and he isn't with the Officinalis girl. Only with the weak guard dog."
Lycoris: "I can catch Shuma now!! Brace yourself!!"
Shuma: "Shut up! I'm the one who'll catch you! I'm gonna punish you again!"
Lycoris: "Pervert!!"
Mari: "What are you saying while you stagger like that!"
Lotus: "Oh no. I just thought he cooled down. Again he's succumbed to anger."
Shuma: "Let me punish you, chop-chop, you shady person!"
*But right at that moment...*
Shuma: "...Ugh?!"
*My cell rings.*
Shuma: "What, at a time like this...waah?!"
Lycoris: "There's an opening, I say♪"
Shuma: "Close?! Did I get cut a little?! Mari, do something with her. It's a call from Aoi!"
Mari: "Stop bullying my master! Grrr."
Lycoris: "There, there."
Mari: "*Passed out*..."
*Weak. Her weakness is at its best again today.*
Shuma: "Hello, Aoi?! What's wrong?!"
Aoi: "Shuma! I found a bad one! Come here... Eek!!"
Shuma: "Aoi? Aoi?!"
*...Is she fighting with something?*
Aoi: "Intersection near the office district...er...shops near by... You know this area better than me, so figure it out! Come here now!!"
Shuma: "I can't figure it out. Where are you?! Are you alright?! I have Lycoris..."
Aoi: "Leave her now and come! This is more...!!"
Shuma: "Aoi?! Hey, what's wrong?! Hey!!"
*Disconnected...*
Lycoris: "Yeah, right. Why is Aoi not here today? Why?"
Shuma: "That's none of your business!!"
*What was that call? Aoi doesn't care about Lycoris, does she? It's hard to believe...*
Lycoris: "Your retort is so irritating! Oi!"
Shuma: "Whoa?! What?! So you do care about Aoi after all!"
Lycoris: "Shut up, you! I don't care about her, I say! I got upset because you tried to ignore my question, I say!"
Shuma: "What the...wait, whoa?!"
*Damn. I'm worried about Aoi's call. She seemed to be fighting with something. But now I want to beat up Lycoris. And besides, it will be difficult to flee from her.*
Lotus: "Your life force is low and you are feeling dizzy."
*Am I in a serious jam? No, I'm the one who started this. It's so uncool to admit I'm in a jam!*
Shuma: "Waaaaaagh!!!"
Mari: "Ma-Master?! He's finally gone crazy..."
Lycoris: "Hmph, it's about time to give up and get caught. I don't want you troubling me anymore."
Shuma: "Shut up!"
Lotus: "Ah, huh? Shuma? If you are taken over by anger, you won't be able to move right...?"
*Don't decide what I can or cannot do.*
Lotus: "And, using Deesse Morte when you don't have enough life force..."
Shuma: "For that, I'll make it work with willpower and guts!!"
**Yank*! I lift up the massive sword and get ready.*
Mari: "Wow! Master, fight-or-flight response, which is what the Japanese call, 'stupidly strong power at the scene of a fire'. So great, you proved your stupidity! It's a stupid power that only a stupid person could produce."
Shuma: "Don't say 'stupid' so much!!"
*I can't use Deesse Morte or cut life force now, but if I physically hit Lycoris with the stupidly large sword, it won't kill her, but she won't come out unscathed!*
Lotus: "It is praiseworthy that you can take stupid this far. Well, right now it seems to be the only way that works."
Lycoris: "Shuma, you are stupid guy number one. Do you think you can defeat me with something like that?"
Shuma: "I said I will defeat and will punish you with my bite!!"
Lycoris: "As I thought, a real perv!!!"
Shuma: "Mari! Get ready!! Back me up as long as you're safe!"
Mari: "You're getting so reckless! But I don't dislike Master like that! I'll support you as much as I can!"
Shuma: "Waaagh! Here I come, Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "Come, I say. You super perv!"
*I swing the sword horizontally with all my strength.*
Lycoris: "Ha! Such an obvious large swing will never hit me! Here, so many openings!"
*After jumping back a half step and letting Deesse Morte go, Lycoris immediately moves in.*
Shuma: "Not yet!"
*That's my goal! Leaving the heavy weights to centrifugal force, I make a turn on the spot and swing it at Lycoris once again!!*
Lycoris: "Eek?!"
*But Lycoris just barely stops herself and the point of Deesse Morte grazes the top of her nose.*
Lycoris: "So close, I say! What the hell are you doing?!"
Shuma: "Missed! But it's not over yet!"
Shuma: "Waaah!"
Lycoris: "That's nothing, I say!"
Shuma: "Dooryaah!"
Lycoris: "You are so annoying screaming each time!!"
**
Shuma: "Haa, haa..."
Lycoris: "*Wheeze*... You muscle brain, hit me with all your stupid strength..."
*Our blades crash. We are both knocked back by it. We keep distance and prepare to fight again.*
Shuma: "No, not over yet!"
*If I relax here, it's no good! I must push forward!*
Lycoris: "You still try?! You bastard!"
Shuma: "Hey, waaaait!!"
Lycoris: "*Groan*... Shut up, I say! Your stupid power, stupid sword and stupid you!"
Shuma: "You're only saying 'stupid'!!"
*Damn. It seems we left the park before I knew it. It's late, and luckily no humans are nearby, but this might not be very good.*
Mari: "Master, wait for me!"
Shuma: "Don't say that to me. Tell that to Lycoris running away!"
Lycoris: "I-I am not running away really, I say!"
Lotus: "Hmm. She stopped fighting squarely and switched to dodging Shuma's attacks."
Lotus: "Lycoris pulls back and you push on. Repeating that, we end up in a place like this."
*It's not a laughing matter. Still it's okay, but if Lycoris runs to a place where people are, the situation will get worse. The worst case would be if she takes a hostage...*
Shuma: "I said wait!!"
Lycoris: "I'm not a meathead like you. You're probably the only one who waits just because you're told to!!"
Shuma: "Stop scurrying around and taste my sword!!"
Lycoris: "If I get hit by that kind of thing, it'll be nothing to me! But I'm not kind enough to accept your attack, I say, Shuma!"
*I step forward further and Lycoris steps back. Gradually, she stops blocking my attacks with her scythe and dodges them with magnificent footwork.*
Shuma: "Coward! You!"
Lycoris: "I cannot fight straight with a moron like Shuma. Here, here. If you are annoyed, just hit me once!"
Shuma: "Damn! Take this!!"
Mari: "Master! You can't hit her with that sort of attack! Calm down, whoa, whoa!"
Shuma: "Whatever! Take that!"
*I'm not just thoughtlessly swinging it around.*
*I'm relatively safe as long as I keep swinging, but the trouble is, Lycoris shows signs of slipping in and attacking any time I stop moving.*
Lycoris: "Hmph! Here, here. You can't hit me like that, I say!"
Shuma: "Who thought I could make it if I force it! Me! Damn it! I shouldn't have gotten angry and gone down this path! But there was no other way!"
Lotus: "It's certainly true, but this is rather miserable, Shuma."
*I know that! But all I can do is buckle down and just try to do something about it!*
Shuma: "Hey, don't run away! It's your purpose to kill me, isn't it?!"
Lycoris: "No, no. My purpose is to catch you and take you to Racronia, I say!"
Shuma: "Do you think I'll go by myself! Beat me and take me by force! Come on!"
Lycoris: "I'm not that stupid, I'm not. Here here♪ Catch me if you can, I say!"
Shuma: "Damn you! Time to stop now!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
Shuma: "Haa, haa... That's it! I won't let you run any more!"
*After trying dozens of times, I hit Lycoris' scythe, which knocks her down and forces her stop.*
Shuma: "How dare you keep making fun of me! *Wheeze, wheeze*!"
*I'll be done with Lycoris right here! Punishment? Don't be stupid. She's gone against me this much. First I'm gonna throw her into despair then...*
Mari: "*Wheeze, wheeze*! Master, you're way too reckless!"
Lotus: "Dear me, that incredible escape has left Maritima out of breath just from following you."
Shuma: "Haah, haah...Mari, are you alright?"
Mari: "The animal who can run the longest distance is human, their only advantage. *Wheeze wheeze*..."
Shuma: "Haa, haa, can you be of any use to me like that?"
Mari: "Yipe? Ma-Master...?"
Shuma: "Can you be of any use?"
Mari: "O-of course! A werewolf does not pass out so easily even though I want to! Don't underestimate me!"
Shuma: "Haa, haa... Good, then!"
Mari: "*Wheeze, wheeze*...Master..."
Lotus: "......"
Lycoris: "Tsk, I relaxed my guard too much. But you are so out of breath and look unsightly, I say!"
Shuma: "Tsk..."
*No surprise that Lycoris, who was only fleeing, has more breathing room than I, who was swinging a heavy load. But that's not my concern now.*
Lycoris: "I cannot believe you are so out of breath. And you are a progenitor vampire? I don't know the reason, but your life force seems to be exhausted! Now is my chance, I say!"
*She didn't suffer any damage from the blow. She stopped here because she had some idea.*
*No one is around us. Mari and I are completely exhausted. Mari will be knocked down quickly, and even if I'm taken away, there will be no witnesses.*
Lotus: "You thought you were chasing her, but instead, you're the one being chased. That's it, I suppose."
*I'm fully aware of that. But...*
Shuma: "I'll finish Lycoris right here. I decided that, so it must be done."
Lotus: "......"
Mari: "Master. Please bite me."
*That moment, Mari walks up to me and whispers.*
Shuma: "Huh? Like I did to Aoi?"
Mari: "Yes. Reinforced Aoi-san had a hard time with Lycoris-san. I'd like to be your help."
Shuma: "Bite."
Kaede: "That's not like you."
*...Why do I remember it now?*
Shuma: "Lycoris is the only one I bite tonight!!"
Mari: "Wait, please wait, Master! How many times do I need to say that it's reckless...?!"
Lycoris: "Hey, come on, I say!! It's all wrong if you think I'm just running away, it is!"
*Lycoris puts a calm and composed smile on her face and waits for me.*
Shuma: "...I will kill her."
Lotus: "Shuma?"
*I pierce the smile with my breath and cold stare, then hold Deesse Morte with both hands and run directly at her.*
Lycoris: "Hehe. It's so thoughtless to charge at me head-on like a fool just because you started this. STUPID!"
*Lycoris, still with a smile on her face, lifts up her scythe above her head and brings it down on me.*
*Lycoris' attack, the series of her moves... I already know them.*
Shuma: "?!"
Lycoris: "What?! Hey! What are you dodging it for, I say?!"
Shuma: "Who doesn't dodge in this situation...?"
*I stoop down and cast a side-glance at the passing blade while feeling a flash of wind on my back...*
*I pull my body back slightly to avoid the returning blade while watching Lycoris and her weapon.*
*It takes time to slash back because the weapon is large. As I crossed swords with her many times before, it's not so difficult to anticipate and avoid it.*
*But above all, inside my head cools down rapidly, and I can see the movement of her blade as if it's stopped.*
*All my body is screaming from exhaustion and I can easily get out of breath again once I start moving, but oddly enough, I'm in control of it. It's a strange feeling, but I have no time to be confused.*
Lycoris: "You, stop moving like that! Settle down and let me cut you down, I say!!"
Shuma: "...!"
*I dodge the scythe and pull my strength into the grip of Deesse Morte while shortening the distance between us.*
Lotus: "What are you going to do?"
*It's been proven that it's useless to simply swing it around. So, I won't just thoughtlessly attack her.*
Lycoris: "Haha! All you do is dodge, even though you pretend to act bravely! I will not let you come closer, I say!"
*Lycoris' big scythe has a lot of power from the size of it, as one can imagine.*
*I will use that.*
Lycoris: "There, there! Stop your futile resistance and prepare to be cut in half!"
Shuma: "I refuse."
*Lycoris strikes a blow aiming at my mid-section. Onto her blade...I bring down Deesse Morte.*
Lycoris: "Ooh, ugh?! Ah, wait! What have you done?!"
Shuma: "Hmph, you will finally be quiet, I suppose."
Lotus: "Shuma? You, can't be...?"
*I glance at the scythe that was forced to change its course and now sticks into the ground. I point Deesse Morte at her face.*
Lycoris: "Ugh...I haven't lost yet! I won't be defeated by such a cowardly trick, I say!"
Shuma: "!"
Lycoris: "Your big thing is so slow that I can dodge without my scythe! I won't be cut by something like that, I say!"
Shuma: "Well, I see..."
*What? My sight went dim? But my body moves well. It feels so light that I can swing Deesse Morte with one hand. I should be completely exhausted...*
Shuma: "Oh well. Now I only care about killing Lycoris..."
Lotus: "Shuma? Hey, Shuma?!"
Shuma: "Shut up! Let me focus, boy."
Lotus: "Boy?! Just as I thought you are... Hey Shuma, Shu..."
Shuma: "Now, let me kill you. That is your atonement."
Lycoris: "Huh?! What are you saying so arrogantly! Your weird aura-like thing doesn't frighten me! Don't think you've defeated me with that, I say!
Mari: "Master?! You're releasing a very powerful aura! That's exactly like a progenitor. Please knock her out like that!"
Shuma: "You shut up, too."
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
*Outsiders are noisy. Let me focus on tearing up this insolent woman in front of me.*
Lycoris: "What are you looking away for, I say?!"
Shuma: "?"
Lycoris: "Hmph!"
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
*The next second, my consciousness is dominated by such a head-cracking pain that I lose my breath without being able to scream.*
Lycoris: "Ooh?! It hurts... Your head looks so empty, but why is it so uselessly hard?!"
Shuma: "Ugh...?! ...Gaaah!!"
*She headbutted me... Before I realize it, her kick goes straight into my abdomen.*
Shuma: "Oof...! Ugh..."
*As I scrape the surface of the ground with my whole body, I frown at the gradually spreading pain. I glare at Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Waaaah...my head is still hurting... Stop resisting uselessly as you are so exhausted now, I say!"
*Lycoris, who rubs her head and yanks the scythe from the ground, is nothing more than a somewhat silly and stupid girl. Just like always.*
*But however stupid she is, she made me angry. The fact doesn't change. I show no mercy.*
Shuma: "You caught me off guard, so what?"
Lycoris: "You say 'so what'?! No way! I'm so angry! I will crack your head open, Shuma Embroche!"
*Well barking dog...you are certainly Iris' snoop. I will not be satisfied until I tear Iris into pieces.*
*This one and Iris, too, I will make them crawl under my feet, humiliate them, and suck their blood to the last drop...*
Aoi: "I don't like you now."
Shuma: "...!"
Lycoris: "That's my opening, I say!!"
Shuma: "...!!"
*A flying scythe. A big shadow coming toward me.*
Lycoris: "Even as you are now, you won't die, so I'll attack you with no reservation, hey, hey, hey!!"
*I can dodge this, I suppose. If I am cut, as the woman says, I will not die.*
*Still, for quite a while now, what is it that continues to interfere with me...?*
Lotus: "...ma ...uma, Shuma...!"
*Shut up. All of you, stop interfering with me.*
Mari: "Master!!"
Shuma: "...?!"
Mari: "Ndahaaaaaaaaah!"
Lycoris: "Ah!"
*At the moment I feel I'm sinking into an unknown darkness, Mari runs in between us to push me out of the way of Lycoris' attack.*
*Lycoris' blade cuts through where I was just a moment before.*
Shuma: "...Mari?"
Lycoris: "It is a pity, I say. It was so close!"
*Mari slumps over me.*
*...Blood? Of course! She defended me...!*
Shuma: "Are you alright, Mari?!"
Mari: "Not just your power, but your character is also kind of different from the previous 'stupid you'... You began having a little arrogance and I'm happy..."
Mari: "Finally, as a vampire and a progenitor, you start awakening... For Master, this is...nothing..."
Shuma: "...!"
Lycoris: "...I see, I say. You're awakening through my battle."
*A vampire stands in front of me. She's an arrogant monster that preyed upon Sakurako, Kaede, and many other innocent girls.*
*Enraged by that monster, I've battled as my emotions led me. But...*
*Shuma: "Mari..."*
*Right now, have I become such a monster myself?*
*In the eyes of normal humans, we are both the same. I mesmerized both Sakurako and Kaede, and made love to both girls using simple vampire mojo.*
*Moreover, I let loose my emotions and swung around this big sword with my superhuman power, then I ignored my dad's call, which caused Mari's injuries...*
Lotus: "Shuma?! Are you back?!"
*Oh...after all that, I am now.*
Mari: "Master? What's wrong? Don't worry about me and please knock out that cheeky vampire...?"
*...It's wrong to beat her as I am now.*
*It's certain I'm not human at this moment. But is it correct to be a good-for-nothing vampire like the one in front of me?*
*Is it correct to make Lycoris bleed because she hurt Kaede and Sakurako, and because that's what Mari wishes for?*
*Wait a second. To begin with, what was I dragging Mari around for? I know well that she's weak. I'm the one who took her away from her house chores.*
*...What am I trying to do? Because Lycoris and her familiars became unruly, the cause of which is me, I tried to stop any more damage...*
*No, no, that's not it! It doesn't matter whether I'm a vampire or human!*
*I didn't want this to happen to a girl like Mari!*
Mari: "I don't understand why you fuss over weak, miserable and timid humans. I like vampires very much because they devour humans."
Mari: "Master, you too should devour humans, all of them."
*No! That's not what I'm wishing for!*
*But the power of a vampire was pulled out of me. I lost myself in my desire for blood and lashed out at Lycoris, Kaede and Mari, saying vampires are good-for-nothing...*
*This is not my will, but it is a desire.*
*This is the same as my desire to suck blood!*
*Then, I involved everyone and brought injuries upon Mari! This is the second time!!*
Shuma: "...Your wounds on your back and arm, do they hurt?"
Mari: "Of course they hurt! But right now there are more important things!"
Shuma: "How long will it take to get better?"
Mari: "Five minutes. Bleeding will stop in 5 seconds. 1, 2, 3..."
Mari: "There, it stopped."
Lycoris: "Seriously?!"
Shuma: "...Mari. Bear it a little."
Mari: "Yes?"
**Bite*!*
Mari: "What the hell are you doing...?!"
Shuma: "*Slurp, slurp, slurp*."
Mari: "Ah, ah, ah."
Lycoris: "Eh, w-wait, hey. Don't ignore me, I say. Why are you slurping over there?!"
*As much distance as I gained from Lycoris, I take blood from Mari.*
*What can I do, not as the me who was getting swallowed up by the darkness, but as the me that I am now? This is the answer.*
Shuma: "Delicious!!"
Mari: "So why so suddenly?! What? Uunnh...?"
Shuma: "Sorry. I can't do it by myself, so I had to get blood from you."
Mari: "Huh? I see. You gave me your life force and we will fight together. But I don't feel my power is up."
*Drained of energy, Mari collapses.*
Shuma: "Of course not. I just got your blood. I didn't give you my life force."
Mari: "Huh? I see. To beat up Lycoris-san completely, you replenished life force with my blood. In that case, please have more. I'm happy to be dried up for it."
Shuma: "No, I didn't."
Mari: "Eh?"
Shuma: "Not to defeat Lycoris. To protect you."
Mari: "Eh, eh? Master?"
Shuma: "My goal is not to defeat Lycoris."
Mari: "Wait, Master...what are you...? That's not like a vampire. Just like a human..."
Shuma: "That is nothing to do with me. I am myself."
Mari: "Master... Eek?!"
*I hold up Mari, who staggers and cannot stand up.*
Shuma: "Stay back a little more. I will defeat Lycoris, but I don't want you to get hurt from it. So I will chase her away at least."
Mari: "No, no...Master, have you reverted? Then I'll stop calling you Master."
Shuma: "If that's what you want, do so. But whatever you say, I don't want to do a thing that will cause your harm."
Mari: "Nooo..."
*She wants to retort, but the words don't come out. I settle a helpless Mari some distance away and return to face Lycoris.*
Lotus: "Somehow you have recovered by yourself. Even though you are a bit further away from progenitor than what is necessary."
Shuma: "I am not swallowed up by the progenitor, and I don't mean to be a progenitor either. As long as the progenitor's existence is driven by the urge and hurts everyone."
Lotus: "Oh well...it will be more troublesome if you're swallowed up by the progenitor, so you are right for the time being."
*Everyone has their own thoughts, but I want to stick to my plan. I'll never again lose my sight driven by emotions, let alone the urge.*
Lycoris: "Huh?! Suddenly you began sucking her, then making out. Like, my brain can't catch up with you! Stop monkeying around with me!"
Shuma: "Sorry for making you use your small brain."
Lycoris: "Grrr!! How dare you make fun of me, I say! Just because you refilled your life force a little, if you think you can win, you are all wrong!"
Shuma: "Whatever you say..."
*I walk to the fallen Deesse Morte, pick it up with one hand, and hold it at the ready.*
Shuma: "I don't want to hurt anyone!"
Lycoris: "You softy, stop saying such a mushy thing, I say! You're supposed to say that after defeating me!!"
Shuma: "Ugh, haah!!"
*The scythe and sword crash together, producing sparks. Good, I can push back without being crushed.*
Lycoris: "Tsk! Cut it out, I say! You can't defeat me just because you sucked a little blood from your doggie!"
Shuma: "That is not for you to decide!"
Lycoris: " (Ugh, now that he has a little more life force, I cannot relax my guard...) "
Shuma: "Haah!"
*Two times, three times...attacks from both sides crashing. On each crash, I hold on so I'm not pushed back and I make another strike.*
*Our weapons are both big. We cannot make small tricks. As long as my strength lasts, all I have to do is strike!"*
Lycoris: "Don't get cocky, I say!"
Shuma: "Waaaagh!!"
Lycoris: "Shoot! We're not getting anywhere like this, I say!"
Shuma: "...Huh?"
*After several attacks and counter-attacks, I notice something is slightly off.*
Lotus: "Did you notice?"
*Are Lycoris' attacks becoming a little sloppy? At least compared to the very beginning when I was exhausted, she struck forcibly but now she's pushing me back...*
Lotus: "Yes, that is right. Now that you've calmed down, you can see more clearly. It is a very important point in a battle."
*But why? Is Lycoris getting tired, too? No. Even comparing me to Lycoris, I've been far more exhausted and she should have sufficiently maintained her energy.*
Shuma: "...!"
Lycoris: "...!"
*To assess the situation, I stop moving for a moment. Then, Lycoris stops moving as well.*
Shuma: "I see... She is taking precautions."
Lotus: "I think you are right. You had life force from Maritima. And you had difficulty in bringing Deesse Morte's power into play from lack of life force."
Lotus: "So, she suspects you might be able to harness its power right now."
Shuma: "Then now is my chance while she still thinks so!"
Lotus: "Even if your life force is replenished, you cannot use Deesse Morte's power. Hahaha."
Shuma: "It's not a laughing matter... After this, you must teach me how to use it properly."
Lotus: "I will teach you, but it's you who utilizes it. It depends on your diligence...no, your talent. Oh, here she comes!"
Shuma: "!"
Lycoris: "No really! What the hell is with going all-out then suddenly stopping?! If you are trying to disturb my rhythm, it's useless, I say.”
*Hmm. I didn't think that far, but she has obviously had her rhythm disturbed.*
Shuma: "...! Yaah!"
Lycoris: "Ugh! Not yet, I say!!"
Mari: "Master... Is this for me?"
Shuma: "Waaagh!"
Lycoris: "Annoying, I say!"
Lycoris: "H-hmph! Even though you become a little stronger, I don't fall behind you as much!!"
*Just like before, holding Deesse Morte at the ready, I face Lycoris with her big scythe.*
Lycoris: "I will repay you twofold as you almost cracked my head. Soiyaaah!"
Shuma: "That was a draw due to damage to both of us!! And you are the one who headbutted me!"
Lycoris: "Insolent! It's about time to be slashed by me! Stay still quietly right there!"
Shuma: "Do you think I'll say 'yes'?!"
Shuma: "...! Hehe, your attack is getting weaker than before. Are you afraid of my strength, Lycoris?!"
Lycoris: "Shut up!! Ah, no! It's impossible to devote all my energy to receiving your attack! It's high time for a small fish to get scaled..."
Mari: "I'm here, too! You can't treat me like before! Woof!!"
Shuma: "Mari?!"
Lycoris: "Waaaah?! Quit frolicking about, stupid dog!"
Shuma: "...Right there!"
Lycoris: "Ah, wait! Time out, time out!! Kyaaaaah!!"
Shuma: "Take this!!!"
*I raise Deesse Morte overhead and turn its grip by a quarter degree, then I swing it down at Lycoris who just shook off Mari!!*
Lycoris: "Ndahaaaah?!"
*The impact produced by Deesse Morte when swung with full force, flings Lycoris' body around and throws her down on the ground hard.*
Shuma: "Not over yet!"
*She's a vampire! I cannot ease up until the end. I raise Deesse Morte again!*
Lycoris: "Arrgh?! W-wai―! You already knocked me out. Die, die, I'll seriously die, I say!!"
Shuma: "I won't kill you! I'm not a vampire like you!"
Lycoris: "What...?!"
*I place the raised Deesse Morte right in front of me, and then over Lycoris...*
Lycoris: "Eek?!"
*...I fall down.*
Mari: "*Cry*...Master...?"
*Mari, who was shaken off by Lycoris, staggers to me while I hover over Lycoris, appearing to reprimand her.*
Lycoris: "*Exhausted*..."
*After receiving a fierce blow from Deesse Morte, she had no energy left to hit back against the weight of me and the large sword.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa...did I win...?!"
Mari: "Master, you won?! *Poke poke*! She doesn't move an inch, Master!"
*Mari throws away Lycoris' scythe that dropped near us and runs back to me.*
Lycoris: "Oooooooo...what's this, really...? So now you're suddenly motivated?!"
Shuma: "I have many reasons. Well then, let me suck your blood...even though it's against my will."
*In the dead quiet residential streets, I catch the smell of the ocean coming from somewhere.*
*That makes me realize somehow I've done it.*
*I caused so much trouble to Mari... I must buy her a lot of toys...no, maybe dog food?*
Lycoris: "Ugh...done in by such a half-awakened one..."
*As for myself, my entire body is hurt. And even though I replenished life force from Mari, it's not enough. Lycoris, skin, fair, yummy.*
*The blood-sucking urge bubbles up, but I don't just blindly resist it. I have a purpose, so I feast on blood. It's not for becoming a vampire or a progenitor.*
*At the same time, I don't mean to struggle to stay human. It's all for doing what I want to do.*
*So quickly, I'll bite and suck blood...*
Shuma: "Oh, before that, don't you know about Aoi?"
*That phone call... I thought Aoi could deal with it by herself. I kind of worry about it, even though it's unlikely that Lycoris has any idea.*
Lycoris: "H-hmph. I dunno, I say."
*Huh? That was an unexpected reply.*
Shuma: "Aha, so you do know something! What's going on?"
Lycoris: "I won't tell you unless you suck my blood. Yah-boo!"
Shuma: "I see, I see."
*I keep holding Lycoris down and smoothly take out my mobile. Good, it's not broken. I move my fingers and redial Aoi's number.*
*................*
*She still doesn't answer. My own battery is reaching the danger zone.*
Shuma: "Very well. Then blood sucking is what you shall have!"
Lycoris: "He's gonna attack me?!"
Shuma: "This is punishment number two. Brace yourself!"
*Soft and fair shoulders are exposed right in front of me.*
Lycoris: "No! A pervert is here, officer! No, no, no, no, my blood is going to be sucked, I say!"
Shuma: "You don't know when to give up. Keep quiet and get sucked."
*She's at her last breath but still struggles and resists. I hold down Lycoris more firmly and place my fangs on her fair nape...*
Shuma: "?!"
Lotus: "Shuma!"
Lycoris: "Eh?!"
Shuma: "What's that?!"
Mari: "Master?!"
*I jump away in time to see something crossing in front of me at a fierce speed.*
Lycoris: "Hey! That was so close, I say!!"
*Ah. Lycoris dodged the attack, too. As one would expect from her. If Lycoris had been hit by the attack right now, her life might have been in danger.*
*But...the attack seems to have been aimed not only at me but also Lycoris...*
Mari: "Master, are you alright?!"
*Her feet are a little wobbly, but Mari runs to me anyway.*
Shuma: "Keep up your guard, Mari..."
*Out of the frying pan and into the fire. Ah, I wish I could have Lycoris' blood...no, that's not it. It was a chance to disable her.*
Shuma: "Where was that from...?"
*I search for a sign with my vampire power, but probably we have been fighting so much until now, all the signs are mixed up and I cannot follow one.*
Lotus: "Here it comes again."
Shuma: "Mari!"
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
*Instantly, I snatch up Mari and we jump back again.*
Shuma: "There?!"
*This time I can see in the direction where the attack is coming from!*
Shuma: "Eh...?!"
*In the direction where I turn my eyes to...*
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Aoi?!"
*Why?! Why is Aoi here?! Did she call from nearby?!*
*Why on earth is she attacking me?! Did she mistakenly think that I was attacked by Lycoris because we were both on the ground? No, it doesn't explain the second attack.*
Shuma: "Eh, ah, eh...?"
Lotus: "Hmm... First you need to calm down, Shuma."
*You say that but it doesn't make any sense. Did Aoi really attack me?! Does she hate me that much?*
Mari: "Oh, no. That looks like Aoi-san. Master, you're really hated by that human."
Shuma: "But she didn't need to attack me like that! R-right...?"
*Clearly that attack was a merciless strike.*
Aoi: "......"
*No reply. Her eyes seem to be lacking light in some way, and she's staring at me without emotion as if she has observed an insect.*
Shuma: "What's up with this, Aoi...?"
Aoi: "......."
*Finally, she twitches her body at my question. But her facial expression doesn't change. Her indifferent eyes capture me coldly.*
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi..."
Lotus: "As I thought. Shuma, call out for her again."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
Lotus: "Aoi is reacting to your call, even though she looks like she's lost her senses. Call out again."
*I don't understand what he means, but I have no idea what to do, so...*
Shuma: "Aoi! Answer me!"
Aoi: "......"
Lotus: "Call her more strongly."
Shuma: "Aoi!!"
Aoi: "...!!"
*When I yell at her as if to overpower an opponent in battle, her body responds.*
Shuma: "Aoi...?"
Aoi: "......"
Aoi: "Ah, what? I...? Where is, this...?"
Shuma: "Aoi! You've come to your senses?!"
Aoi: "What...? What is, eh...? Shuma...? What was I...?"
Lotus: "She seemed to be reacting to Shuma's life force, so I thought it would work if she was hit by it a little. I was right after all."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Lotus: "Hmm. It's like shock treatment. Being hit by the life force she often comes in contact with, she remembers her usual self, something like that."
*Pretty ambiguous but...Aoi came to her senses, so it's alright in the end.*
Shuma: "Yes, yes. It's good for the time being."
Mari: "Wait, wait! How come you are satisfied all by yourself, Master? Please explain it to me, too."
Mari: "First of all, what were you doing anyway?! Suddenly attacking Master. I consider you our enemy. I will bite you!"
Aoi: "Eh? I attacked Shuma...?"
*Don't you remember? Was she controlled?*
Aoi: "What is this...?"
Shuma: "That's what I want to ask. Aoi, what did you call me for? And why did this happen...?"
Aoi: "Eh, a call...?"
Shuma: "Hey, hey, don't you remember that either?"
Aoi: "Ah, well, err..."
Lycoris: "Hahaha! It serves you right! Finally you are abandoned by your ally, I say!"
Shuma: "Ah, Lycoris. You're still here?"
Lycoris: "Ugh! You've been ignoring me and what are you saying now, I say?!"
Shuma: "Well, I think it was your best chance to escape when we were attacked by Aoi."
Lycoris: "When I think about it, it's true, I say!"
Mari: "Now, Master. Please beat up that stupid vampire and suck her blood this time. I will help...what?"
Shuma: "Oh? Hey, Mari?"
*As she finishes her last words, her body staggers and I rush to hold her up.*
Shuma: "Are you okay?"
Mari: "Oh, no...I'm sorry, Master. I'm not good after all. I don't have any more strength because you sucked my blood, it seems..."
*It must be so. I was careful not to take too much, but I sucked a pretty good amount. I did it out of necessity but it must have exhausted Mari very much.*
Lycoris: "Hahaha! It seems your doggie is useless, Shuma Embroche! You have no chance to win, I say!!"
Lycoris: "First off, it's foolish to run away! Why should I run away from a fight I'll never lose?! I'm going to fucking kill you, I say!"
Shuma: "But you agreed with me when I said that was your chance to escape."
*Or does she have some plan?*
Lycoris: "Luckily, Aoi is here so I will snap both of you in half at the same time!"
Lycoris: "Er...where is my scythe, I say? It's hard to fight without it."
*She's still just an idiot.*
*But it is not good to continue the fight this way.*
Lotus: "Shuma, I think you know this, but you already consumed a fair amount of life force you had replenished."
*Of course I do. But Lycoris is weak, too. It is certain that now is the chance.*
Shuma: "Mari, stay away."
Mari: "But Master..."
Shuma: "Don't worry. Aoi and I will deal with it."
*It might be risky if I was alone, but with Aoi I will have a chance of winning.*
Mari: "Understood. Please do your best...*dog-tired*..."
*As soon as Mari staggers away, Aoi raises her voice.*
Aoi: "Ah! Lycoris!"
*She just noticed her now? She seriously doesn't remember the first attack...*
Aoi: "I don't know what's going on, but I will stop you today for sure!"
Lycoris: "Hmph, Aoi, you are always stupid, I say."
Shuma: "Alright, we attack continuously in one go."
*Now I cooperate with Aoi and defeat Lycoris.*
Aoi: "I want to ask, 'Why with you?!' but you seem to have cornered Lycoris for some reason, so I will definitely let you help me defeat her."
*If you hadn't got in my way, I would have sucked Lycoris' life force and won. Well, we'll talk about that later.*
Lycoris: "Hmph. Do you really think the two of you can defeat me together? Then you are so soft. Scythe. Where is my scythe?"
*We will win! We should!*
Shuma: "Let's go!"
Aoi: "Don't order me!!"
*With completely mismatched shouts, we run out to Lycoris from our positions!*
Lycoris: "Eh, eh?! Wait, time out, time out! Scythe! Where is my scythe, I say!"
Shuma: "Now's our chance!"
Aoi: "Lycoris!!!"
Lycoris: "Why don't you wait a little! You are not suppose to attack while a heroine transforms herself!!"
Aoi: "Your part is totally the villain!"
*Before me, Aoi reaches Lycoris and brandishes her twin daggers over her head!*
Aoi: "Yaaaah!!"
Aoi: "?!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Lycoris: "Eek... Huh? What's this...?"
Ephemera: "~~~......"
*Is it?!*
Aoi: "What, what is this suddenly getting in my way?!"
Shuma: "This is E, Ene...Enema!!"
Lotus: "Ephemera!"
Shuma: "That's right, Ephemera! This mayfly bastard! You're still here?!"
Aoi: "What's that?! Mayfly?! Enema?! I don't know what you're talking about, you no-good vampire! Speak Japanese!"
Shuma: "I am speaking Japanese! This monster is Iris' minion, so it's..."
Aoi: "...Lycoris' minion?"
Lycoris: "Oh! You helped me...but this one again, I say? Even though it has a little bit more life force this time..."
Ephemera: "~~~......"
*It looks sad.*
Shuma: "Lycoris. You shouldn't be like that when it helped you. It's a monster but I feel sorry for it."
Lycoris: "Shut up. Monsters with lame powers are like garbage!"
Ephemera: "~~~......"
Aoi: "Ah, it's totally feeling down. It's hard for a subordinate to have a stupid boss."
Ephemera: "~~~......"
Lycoris: "You, stop nodding! Now that you got more life force, work harder, I say!!"
Lotus: "On that point, you feel secure that you have a dependable boss like me, Shuma."
*You're willing to step on another's misery to feel good about yourself, shit old man.*
Shuma: "I feel sorry for Ephemera v2.0..."
Lycoris: "What, Ephemera v2.0! That sounds kinda cool, like mastering a technique, I say! Even though it's so useless...!!"
Ephemera: "......"
*Ah. It became quiet. Light is going out of its compound eyes...*
*I will make it an unforgettable battle so that Ephemera v2.0 has no regrets...!*
Shuma: "The fight will be settled right here! Aoi, we go!"
Aoi: "I'll take care of Lycoris, so I will leave that creepy one to you!"
Lycoris: "Shut up! You were beaten up by me many times!"
Aoi: "I'm gonna stop you this time!"
Lycoris: "Stop me if you can! Ephemera v2.0!"
Ephemera: "~~~!"
Lycoris: "Ephemera v2.0, you will..."
*It finally comes?*
Lycoris: "Ignore Shuma and attack Mari over there!!"
Shuma: "What?!"
Lycoris: "Even if Shuma gets in the way, keep attacking the doggie, I say!"
Lotus: "Lycoris schemed it well. While Maritima is being attacked, you cannot attack Lycoris unconditionally. It's a good move to take advantage of your weak points."
*Damn! It makes me angry, but it's exactly what Dad said!*
Aoi: "Lycoris! When did you come to use such a cowardly trick?!"
Lycoris: "All is fair in love and war! Well then, Aoi, I'll play with you as you wish, I say!"
Aoi: "Ugh...! Lycoris!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!!"
Shuma: "Damn! I will not let you go near Mari!!"
Shuma: "Eh...?!"
Aoi: "W-what's this...?"
Lycoris: "Huh? All turned white in front of my eyes, I say?!"
*On the second each of us makes a move with different intentions, the surroundings are covered with a white haze.*
Shuma: "No...mist, maybe?"
Lotus: "Ah, good timing. The odds were really against us."
*Eh, eh? Ah, maybe?!*
Calen: "*Poof*! Hi, hi, the noble and lovely Calen-chan has arrived. Ta-da!"
Calen: "Shuma-san, catch me♪"
Shuma: "If you transform back, think about the height...?! Wooooooooh."
**Slam*!*
Calen: "Because the wind is strong tonight, I drifted."
Calen: "Good grief. I was concerned and came to look. What is everyone doing?"
Mari: "That, that..."
Calen: "Oh dear. Lady Pumila's familiar, too... Mari-san, you look completely exhausted."
Lycoris: "Ugh, here comes trouble, I say."
Calen: "Please rest assured. I will send them home responsibly."
Aoi: "Hey, I want to get Lycoris...!"
Calen: "Alright, finger snap!!"
Lycoris: "Ugh?! My eyes...?!"
Ephemera: "――――――"
Lycoris: "...Ah, they're gone."
Lycoris: "Hey you!! Don't run away! You coward! Pee-pee boy! Your mom has an outie, I say!!"
Iris/???: "No use. Leave them be."
Lycoris: "Whoa?! E-eh?! I heard the voice I'm familiar with, but it must've been my imagination! It must, I say!"
Iris/???: "I saw it all."
Lycoris: "Whoops! I-I wasn't really serious! It was my strategy to almost get lost, I say!"
Lycoris: "But, Master Pumila, from when did you start watching me?"
Iris: "I said it from beginning to end. I assimilated my shadow into Ephemera."
Lycoris: "Eek! Like the useless one or Ephemera v2.0, they're all a part of my strategy, I say. But Calen spoiled it all!"
Iris: "What a sorry display..."
Lycoris: "Yikes?! Ha?! I forgot my duty to collect life force for Ephemera-chan. Well then, now I shall excuse myself."
Iris: "Do you think you can escape?"
Lycoris: "Eek..."
Iris: "Well, your defeat is a trifling matter."
Lycoris: "Ugh...I-I relaxed my guard a little..."
Iris: "Are you telling me something?"
Lycoris: "What?! N-n-nothing!"
Iris: "Other than that...have things been turning out as I feared?"
Lycoris: "Ah, yes. Well, Aoi...a little while ago..."
Iris: "Deal with it promptly. Understand?"
Lycoris: "Yes, yes, I say. Please leave it to me."
Iris: "Hmph. If you do not wish to be eliminated, fulfill your role. What I would like to see is a result!"
Lycoris: "Eek! I'll do my best and deal with this!"
Iris: "...Heh, heh."
Lycoris: "Ma-Master Pumila...?"
Iris: "That transfiguration of Shuma Embroche... I half gave up this time, but this is more than I expected."
Lycoris: "Master Pumila...? Are you laughing?"
Iris: "A long time has passed since then, Aconite. Hehehe...!"
Shuma: "Goobeeeee..."
Aoi: "Boohaaaaa..."
Calen: "Really, the two of you. You are slacking. Straighten up. As I took the trouble to meet you in person."
Calen: "Mari-san. Tea, please."
Mari: "Exhausted..."
Calen: "Dear me! Dear me!"
*I don't know what Calen did, except it was a kind of dazzling flash. Anyway, she deceived Lycoris successfully and we all ran away.*
*My entire body is stiff. Wounds are hurting. My head aches too. I feel like dying. It's probably a lie that vampires don't die.*
Shuma: "Aoi, you hardly fought. Why are you so tired?"
Aoi: "I wonder why. I'm exhausted. *Gulp, gulp*. Ahhhh!"
Lotus: "Oh? She's drinking a strange thing."
*She's drinking some dangerous-looking juice that glows a pale-blue. A small bottle full of it. Yuck.*
Aoi: "Ah, do you want some? A potion to cure wounds with holy power supplied by the Rubina."
Shuma: "Oh, it looks convenient. Give it to me."
Lotus: "Hey, Shuma. It's better not to drink it carelessly."
*But it cures wounds, doesn't it? I won't lose anything if I have some.*
Aoi: "This is the best way to eliminate vampires♪"
Shuma: "Close! Really close! I was about to be eliminated in a second!!"
Lotus: "I thought it would be something like that."
Mari: "So then, Aoi-san. What were you doing anyway?"
Aoi: "I was looking for Lycoris of course. Then, that."
Shuma: "You say 'that', but you suddenly attacked both Lycoris and me."
Aoi: "Eh? Ah, what? Is that so...?"
Shuma: "And the second time, you aimed for me, not for Lycoris, didn't you?"
Aoi: "Ah, er, err...I don't remember very much, but possibly I mistook you for Lycoris! Probably so!"
Shuma: "Put yourself in my position and get attacked by 'possibly' or 'probably'!"
Mari: "Or more precisely, Master, isn't it suspicious that Aoi-san's memory is ambiguous?"
Shuma: "That's true. It was like she saw Lycoris after attacking me."
Aoi: "Eh?! That's impossible?! I'm sure I followed Lycoris and got there!"
Mari: "I wonder if it's true? Maybe she was injected with life force by the monster and was controlled?"
Aoi: "It can't be!"
Shuma: "Still, it's possible that the memory of the life force injection was erased. How about a bite?"
Aoi: "Absolutely NOT!!"
Calen: "Well, well. Are they really Shuma-san and Aoi-san?"
Mari: "True. Considering Aoi-san's recent attitude, they're really close to each other now."
Aoi: "Eh...? Ah..."
Shuma: "Ah. When I think about it, you shot me down with, 'Don't come'."
Aoi: "...W-we are in an alliance."
Shuma: "Haha, that's right. Yeah."
Aoi: "Shuma, I mean you..."
Aoi: "...have changed? No, you've turned back."
Shuma: "Turned back?"
Aoi: "Yeah. You were, well, since the bridge incident, kind of...arrogant."
Aoi: "Like proud or overbearing. I can't say exactly, but you were arrogant."
Shuma: "...Ugh. What's that?"
Aoi: "Men who are turned into vampires are usually like that."
Mari: "Well, let's talk about the details later. I would like to rest today."
Aoi: "...Right. Frankly, me too. I'm tired and sleepy..."
Calen: "Oh dear. Hehe. I wonder if you played too much and got tired♪"
*The cause of this feeling that something is off... Was that it after all?*
*I've kept sensing I was not myself. The feeling has grown stronger each day.*
*Sometimes I was called out by Dad and became startled. Even though he said it was a sign I was awakening as a progenitor.*
*I think I have somehow prevented it from happening by having my own firm will, but when I lose focus or get driven by emotions, I become so arrogant that it even surprises myself...*
*No wonder, Kaede said that to me.*
*Aoi would avoid me, too, as she knows the relationship between humans and vampires very well.*
Mari: "So if I sum it up, you cannot accept your personality is going to change as your vampirization progresses."
Shuma: "Ah, probably so, yes."
Mari: "I do not dislike arrogant, selfish, self-important, conceited and intolerable Master. I feel you are a true vampire."
Shuma: "Your view of me made me swear to my heart I'll never be a vampire. Thank you, Mari."
Mari: "Wait! I want you to be a respectable vampire!!"
*I leave worked up Mari alone, send Aoi home and go to my room.*
*On the pretext of caring for me, Mari follows me to my room.*
*Whatever she says, she always stays next to me.*
Mari: "Really. That is why you didn't want to use vampire power?"
*I regret that point.*
Shuma: "Really. What did I want to do anyway...? Sorry, Mari."
Mari: "You don't need to say 'sorry' to a maid. I thought you finally stopped saying it, but again..."
Shuma: "Haha. My fault. But I have to apologize probably since I caused you trouble."
Mari: "Hmm. Then I don't mind from now on."
Shuma: "Do mind. I'll be careful not to be like this."
Mari: "...But why did you suddenly bite me and fight against Lycoris-san?"
Shuma: "Eh? Ah, ah, that is..."
*Refusing to be a vampire is not what I need to do right now.*
Shuma: "...because you protected me and were hurt many times."
Mari: "Many times? Only once...oh, including Kaede-san's case."
Mari: "That was nothing. Kaede-san is also a human after all."
Shuma: "To be honest, I don't like becoming different."
Shuma: "Even so, I thought it was wrong not to use my vampire power. But because of it, you got hurt. And also with Kaede..."
Mari: "Kaede-san has nothing to do with this!!"
Shuma: "Don't say that. She's your friend, isn't she?"
Mari: "Neighbor..."
Shuma: "I said all kinds of things like, 'vampires are good for nothing', also about Lycoris, too. And yet I was scared of becoming a vampire so quickly. I've been contradicting myself."
Shuma: "But this is the same as the blood-sucking urge. A simple urge. Not a will. My will is to do something with Lycoris and Iris then finish it all."
Shuma: "Because of this stupid urge, you got hurt as a result!"
*That's just a personal sentiment. Dragging my feet will help nobody. Just being selfish.*
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "So, er...I mean...anyway!"
*It's getting hard to be eloquent.*
Shuma: "I want to apologize to you, Mari!!"
Mari: "Eh?"
Shuma: "Recently something was wrong with me! Sorry!!"
Mari: "Ma-Master! You don't need to apologize for something like that! I said that so many times, really...!"
Mari: "...Really, Master you..."
Mari: "Why are you so fixated on humans?"
Shuma: "Hmm, that..."
*In the worst case...nothing can be done if I'll no longer be human. I've come to realize this. But at the heart of it, I want to stay human. The reason is...*
Shuma: "I'm better now, better like this, don't you think?"
Mari: "......"
Mari: "...Hehe, haha, that is true."
Shuma: "Whether I become a vampire or not, right now they're causing me trouble. Unrelated girls are being attacked. I gotta do something."
Shuma: "I will properly come to terms with my vampire power. Use it. Contemplate it. But I won't become some weird and arrogant bozo. I will stay as I am."
Shuma: "I don't want to look down on humans because they're food. Like Iris."
*Honestly, it's hard enough to resist the blood-sucking urge. Moreover, I must fight Lycoris and her crew using my vampire power.*
*I think the urge and desire will keep trying to control me, and the strange feeling that I'm turning into someone else will grow stronger each day.*
*Even if my vampirization continues, I must be prepared to face it bravely so that I won't lose humanity.*
Shuma: "I am a human."
Mari: "Then I am a..."
Shuma: "Ah, aah, er...I didn't mean that."
Shuma: "Kaede is a good girl."
Mari: "I know. I know."
Mari: "But I don't have such courage."
Shuma: "Mm, right. You don't like humans."
*Come to think of it, I haven't asked her yet why she dislikes humans so much.*
*...Naturally I can guess.*
Mari: "...Really, Master. You are not smart, more like stupid. And you're not gentle, but you're not unignorably selfish, either."
Mari: "I still don't understand you very much, Master."
Shuma: "I think I've been really kind to you."
Mari: "Like buying toys?"
Shuma: "Take it as my mom's will. She told me to be gentle to dogs."
Mari: "*Sigh*... It can't be helped. Then it is so."
Mari: "ALSO, it's not convincing if you talk while staring at me wishfully and salivating like that♪"
*What's that?!*
Shuma: "You already know?! But I've just determined not to lose humanity even if I become a vampire!"
Mari: "Do you want to suck blood so much now?"
Shuma: "Honestly, seriously yes."
Mari: "*Sigh*. Well, as you fought so hard, it's natural, I suppose. It was such a fierce battle that my blood was not enough."
*Rather than a fierce battle, my emotions exploded and I lost control. Still, it's a high price and I'm really thirsty. My body craves it.*
Mari: "Here, please. Please suck my blood."
Shuma: "Eh, can I?!"
Mari: "How come you look so happy?!"
Mari: "To begin with, it is my responsibility to take care of Master's urge. Because you don't attack other girls."
Shuma: "...Ah, well. But you're exhausted too. If I suck your blood..."
Mari: "Exhausted? Ah, I'm already in my best condition except for a little sleepiness."
*A werewolf's survival power is impressive.*
Mari: "As your maid, I'm supposed to be concerned about your body. Also to protect you, too."
Mari: "I said I would stop calling you ‘Master', but I take it back. Would you please suck my blood?"
Shuma: "...Is it alright?"
Mari: "What is this, you suddenly become modest? Your reaction is troubling. Here here, soft skin, soft skin."
*It looks so delicious!*
Shuma: "Well then, I will. Itadakimasu! *Bite*!"
Mari: "Mmm...!"
*I bite into Mari's soft skin.*
*I suck out both life force and blood from her.*
*However many words I use, this taste stops all my thought processes. If this is the fate of vampires, I need to be ready to accept it.*
Shuma: "While being conscious of not being human, I continue to keep the will of humanity... Even if I say so myself, I chose a difficult path."
Lotus: "Certainly so. But if you don't, there is a possibility you will end up not being you any more."
*True. I don't want that to happen. So, I won't completely deny the urges and the senses of vampires, but will accept them aptly and make them mine. And I'll use the power for my own purposes.*
Mari: "Mmm, foo, ah...!"
Shuma: "*Gasp*. Yummy..."
*This time, I make a conscious effort in my mind not to induce Mari's pee.*
*...I must be able to control this side effect properly, too.*
Shuma: "...Mari, pee?"
Mari: "Ah, not really...maybe I'm not drinking much water."
*Is it successful? But if she doesn't have anything left to release, it won't come out, so I wonder.*
Mari: "Possibly, you made an effort...?"
Shuma: "...Well, yes."
Mari: "Oh, progress...but..."
Mari: "...Ah, well. Master?"
Shuma: "Yes, what is it?"
Mari: "...Didn't you just suck blood?"
Shuma: "I did. But what, what's up, Mari?!"
Mari: "Please don't look this way?!"
*Before I think about it, my eyes meet with Mari's.*
Mari: "...Wa, wah...?! Master...?!"
*Mari has glistening, moist puppy dog eyes. Her cheek is a warm red.*
*Is it the reaction I'm already used to seeing?!*
Mari: "That's why I told you not to look. You are far from controlling your mesmerization abilities!"
Mari: "Mesmerization from the bite and your eyes. You doubled me up, I can't move any more..."
Shuma: "Sorry, Mari, I was tired! Pull yourself together, please do!"
Mari: "Ooo. Ooo, ooo, ooo, ooo, ooo...!"
Mari: "Mmmhaah!!!"
*She's fallen...*
Mari: "...Amazing, what is this? This...h-horny feeling...haa, haah! This is mesmerization... Master's...!"
Mari: "Wow, seriously! Master's face, smell, hair, ah...everything, everything is not right...!"
Mari: "Masterrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!"
**Squeeze*.*
Shuma: "Finally, I did it to Mari, too!"
Mari: "Woooooh, calm down, calm down you. In this way, I'm not qualified to be a maid, but my wild blood, wild blood inside me!"
Mari: "I don't care about maid crap any more. Master, cock!!"
Shuma: "I'm not in a position to say, but you are weak-willed!!"
====================E-MR01_04H_N.TXT====================
*...After the fact.*
Lotus: "Really, what a display. Ah, I'm so envious, really envious."
====================E-MR01_05.TXT====================
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari: "Eek?! Master, what happened?"
Shuma: "Ah, no, no, nothing. Really nothing."
*I didn't have time to take the ring off and send him away...*
Mari: "...? It's no matter. Well, a certain part isn't calming down, so I'll rest a little more. You can pet me if you like."
*She says this, then buries her face in the sheet again. So cute.*
Lotus: "Cute."
*...Don't you at least close your eyes to your son's private life and keep quiet?*
Lotus: "Gee. But. My sure favorite is Kaede-chan, but Maritima is really a close second. No dad feels good watching his son doing as he wants to her ravishing loli body."
Shuma: "Wait a minute... That has nothing to do with a dad not feeling good. Just as I thought, you are a lolicon..."
Lotus: "Huh? Yes, I am."
Shuma: "You admitted it so smoothly! Damn! If Mom were alive, I'd tell her!"
Lotus: "Hahaha. It would be useless if you told her. Because, to me, your mother had the best loli body!"
*Aaargh... Come to think of it, Mom had too much of a baby face for sure...*
*This should be the last fact for a son to know, that he was born because of his dad's lolicon disposition.*
Shuma: "Can I dye my hair blonde?"
Lotus: "Blonde hair is good for a vampire."
*Damn. He doesn't get my sarcasm...*
*But Mari said it was her first... She was your maid, wasn't she?*
Shuma: " If you're so envious, does that mean you didn't touch her? Is that it? Were you a vampire who said something like 'Yes lolicon, NO TOUCH!’”
Lotus: "No, no. How could I do that in front of your mother? Of course I wanted to flirt with her as she was a pretty lolita."
*Aaargh. That's scummy, Dad.*
Lotus: "I didn't dislike seeing her angry, but I didn't want to make her sad. And above all, I was afraid of her!"
Shuma: "Really, this vampire progenitor is far from dignified."
Lotus: "This is different. Any great man, even a president of some country, absolutely does have one, or two, or three, or four unspeakable sexual dispositions!"
Shuma: "Now you're taking a 'so what' attitude, like some vampire big shot."
Lotus: "Of course. Because I didn't need to hide it from your mother."
*Ah, yes, yes. I don't wanna hear my parents bragging about their love.*
Lotus: "Ah...the episode where I tried to have a little bite of a cute loli girl, which ended by being sat on by your mom. That's the best stuff for remembrance masturbation!"
*...This guy's hopeless. I'd better do something quick.*
Mari: "Haaooo...finally I feel it's calming down..."
Shuma: "That's good."
*Her hymen cannot be restored by her werewolf regeneration power, can it? If so, it'll hurt again and always be difficult...*
Mari: "*Sigh*... At any rate, like this, I cannot face them. Even though I was mesmerized, I attacked their son..."
Shuma: "Dad...I mean, to you, 'His Lordship?' "
Mari: "I don't care about His Lordship. He disappeared so soon. Right now he must be in heaven, surrounded by women and drinking."
Lotus: "On the contrary, I'm here."
*He ignores the fact that she's saying pretty terrible things about him. If she found out Dad's thought body is embedded in the ring, she might throw it away.*
Shuma: "So then, that 'presence' is not Dad?"
Mari: "No, Lady Embroche, Master's mother."
Shuma: "Ah, Mom."
*She has been a maid of the Embroche family.*
*Of course, Mom was there too, at the castle. It's no surprise they met each other.*
Shuma: "Ah, be nice to dogs."
Mari: "That's right. Lady Embroche was a gentle person. It was a predestined encounter for me, and Master's mother is my benefactor."
Shuma: "But you were employed by my father, weren't you? You say, benefactor..."
Mari: "Ah, I was picked up by Lady Embroche."
Shuma: "Picked up?"
Mari: "Yes. When my father and mother were killed, and I was completely lost, Lady Embroche picked me up."
Shuma: "Oh, I see... What?! Killed?!"
Mari: "Yes. Victims of the Rubina werewolf hunters..."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "After picking me up, she drifted to the Embroche family, was married to His Lordship and hired me as a maid."
*I see... I can see now. That's why she doesn't let her guard down completely against humans, even against Kaede.*
Shuma: "I see. Mari knows Mom longer than Dad...but eh? Wait a minute? Er..."
*I arrange this information again in my head.*
Mari: "Master? What's wrong?"
Shuma: "Mari, are you older than me?!"
Mari: "Yes, I am. It's like, how come you are surprised now?"
Shuma: "I-I didn't know... I naturally thought you were younger than me."
Mari: "Ah, is that it? Weren't you interested in me since you thought I was younger?"
Mari: "Now Master, because I'm older and, in fact, you're attracted to dog ears, a maid and an older girl, are you madly in love with me, maybe?"
Shuma: "No way."
Shuma: "But, you know, it's so far fetched to call you 'older girl' from your looks. Even though, in reality, you have more years than me."
Mari: "Aw. Your saying that plainly hurts. An older girl's sexiness and a loli body, they're the most powerful combination."
Mari: "Master, you too did 'squirt-squirt' many times just now with this combination!"
Shuma: "Waaaah! Stop, it's really embarrassing! It sounds as if I have some weird sexual habit!"
Lotus: "Envious... If you don't want it, I will switch with you by all means! Even if I burn out this thought body, I will find a way to replace your consciousness with mine!"
*You don't need to stake your life on that kind of thing!*
Mari: "Hehehe. Bodies are honest."
Shuma: "Stop those dirty old man comments."
*Putting many things together, I realize she was indeed Dad's maid.*
Shuma: "A-anyway, bringing us back the subject."
Mari: "About Lady Embroche? She was a very gentle person."
Shuma: "...Ah, y-yes. I know that."
Mari: "Ah, that's right. I have proof. I'll show you something good, Master."
Shuma: "Something good?"
Mari: "Yes! Wait a little. It's my treasure!"
*She says this and jumps out of the bed.*
*She starts searching the maid clothes I just took off her. She bends forward and turns her butt to me.*
Mari: "Well, well, well, where did I put it...?"
Shuma: "Hey, Mari, just put on the clothes first. You're showing everything."
Mari: "Nooo, Master. Please don't look! Why am I feeling so embarrassed?!"
Shuma: "I am more embarrassed!"
*Then a few minutes later...*
*Because she was in a panic, it took a little time but she's changed into her maid clothes.*
Mari: "Yes, I feel more calm in these as I thought."
Shuma: "And what do you want to show me?"
Mari: "Ah, yes. This is it."
*As she says this, Mari searches inside a pocket of her maid clothes, then takes something out.*
*As she opens her hand, there is...*
Shuma: "This ring..."
*Before I know it, I put my hand on my chest and feel the ring with my dad's thought body right there.*
Shuma: "Same as mine?"
*The ring in Mari's hand looks like mine, except for the chain attached to it.*
Mari: "Eh?! Come to think of it, I often see something flickering on your chest, is that a ring?"
Shuma: "What's this...? I guess it must be faster to ask the person in question."
Lotus: " "The person in question" is me, isn't it?"
*It has to be. Why does Mari have a ring that's the same as mine? He won't say that ring also contains his thought body, will he?*
*Two people's worth of Dad... No way...*
Lotus: "Hmm, I was wondering where it went. So Maritima has it."
Shuma: "So you know it Rai...Dad?!"
Lotus: "Of course I know. Because I made both rings. Shuma, would you borrow the ring from Maritima."
*Eh, well it's okay...*
Shuma: "Mari, can I see the ring for a second?"
Mari: "Ah, of course. To tell you the truth, I was supposed to give this to you, Master."
Mari: "But when I was holding it, it gave me the strength I needed in many situations. So, I missed the chance to give it to you..."
Shuma: "Was that so..."
*The ring in my palm looks pretty close to the one hanging from my neck. But looking more closely, I see the differences here and there. They are more like in the same series...*
Mari: "So, it was a treasure to me but Lady Embroche instructed that I give it to you..."
*Hmm, I cannot take this from Mari. According to her story, she seemed to live separated from Mom. How much this ring must have supported her then.*
*...Even I can easily imagine that.*
Shuma: "Mari, this should..."
Lotus: "Shuma. Wait a moment."
Shuma: "Huh? What, Dad? You're not going to say I can't give this to Mari, are you?"
Shuma: "It's true that it was originally yours, and you gave it to Mom, but don't you think it's best for Mari to keep it?"
Lotus: "Now, now. I heard the story and I also think it's good to give the ring to Maritima. But before that, I'd like to give you a little present."
Shuma: "A present?"
Lotus: "That ring is not a normal ring. Of course not. Since it was made by the vampire progenitor."
Shuma: "Well, surely this can't be a usual ring but...as I thought, one more Dad is in this ring?!"
Lotus: "Hmm. That would be troublesome to myself, so I wouldn't do that. Shuma. Will you send your life force into the ring a little?"
Shuma: "...? Like this?"
*I concentrate on my palm a little. I bring to mind the image that powers are gathering into the ring.*
Mari: "Whoa?! The ring starts glowing?! What did you do, Master?"
Shuma: "Eh? I just put my life force into it..."
Shuma: "So, Dad. Now what?"
Lotus: "The rest is for Mari to wear it."
*I really don't understand...*
Shuma: "For some reason, it started glowing strangely but I want you to keep it, Mari."
Mari: "Eh? Is it alright? But...for Master, this is your mother's keepsake, and also Lady Embroche told me to give it to you..."
Shuma: "I'm saying I want you to keep it, so you don't need to worry."
Mari: "I-is that so? If Master is alright with it... Thank you."
Shuma: "So... is it okay I put this on your finger?"
Mari: "Ah, yes. Please do, Master!"
*Huh? Now this is a strange situation.*
Shuma: "We-well..."
*I never thought I'd get into the situation of putting a ring on Mari's finger...*
Mari: "Hehe! I know this is a precious ring. Thank you very much.
*...Anyway, Mari is happy so it's alright, I guess.*
Shuma: "Like this, I guess...there."
*While keeping my hands from shaking spontaneously, I take Mari's hand and put the ring on her finger...even though it's just the index finger.*
Mari: "Hehe... The ring is glowing and beautiful."
Shuma: "Y-yeah..."
*Mari looks at the glowing ring and smiles happily.*
*That's my response?! Really embarrassing to me, though I don't know why.*
Shuma: "A-anyway, it's Mom's keepsake so please take good care of it..."
Mari: "Yes, I will do so more than ever, Master!"
*In that moment, Mari nods with a smile...*
Mari: "Woof?!"
Shuma: "What?!"
*Suddenly, Mari's body starts to dimly glow.*
Mari: "Wha-what is this? I'm starting to glow like the ring..."
Lotus: "Yes. Now it's complete."
Shuma: "Hey, you said 'complete'? What have you done to Mari, Dad?"
Lotus: "That's the ring I gave to your mother. It can change the quality of the wearer's life force, and make it fit for the one who puts life force into it."
Shuma: "Change the quality...?"
Lotus: "That's right. Maritima's life force must be best matched with you now."
*What...do you mean?*
Lotus: "You'll know it if you move close to her."
*Move close to her...?*
Mari: "Ah, glow is going away... What is this. Maste...e-eh?!"
*As I take a step closer to Mari, whose body stopped glowing, a sweet scent intensely excites my nose.*
Shuma: "Whoa! Mari, you seriously smell good!"
Mari: "E-eh?! What is this?! Is that glow something like bathroom air freshener?! *Sniff-sniff*..."
Mari: "...? Master, it smells as usual to me."
Shuma: "It can't be. You smell so good... Ah, it smells so good that I want to bite again..."
*Huh, maybe this is...?!*
Mari: "E-eh?! Is that so? If you wish, it will be alright for me...but I feel other things will follow after that..."
*I see...the effect of this ring. Changing the quality of the wearer's life force means, now Mari's life force is transformed to what's best for me.*
*That's the reason for this smell... I have no doubt that Mari's blood has become tastier than before...*
Mari: "...Are you going to 'slurp slurp'?"
Shuma: "No, no. I won't do it today... I'm full already, too."
*With an embarrassed smile on my face, I shake my head to Mari who asked with blushing cheeks, if I wanted another drink.*
*I don't want to overburden Mari who couldn't calm down until now.*
Mari: "If you say so... But you can ask me any time. Master, please remember I am your maid!"
Shuma: "Yeah, thanks. Mari."
Lotus: "How is it? Do you like my present?"
Shuma: "It's good that Mari becomes extremely delicious, but this is the ring you gave to Mom... Does that mean...?"
Shuma: "...No, Mari is happy, too. So thank you, Dad."
Lotus: "No problem. I'm your dad. Still, Maritima's lolita body and life force turned delicious with the ring... It does remind me of your mother, truly..."
Shuma: "...That's kind of not a good way to remember Mom, so can you stop it, Dad? If you don't, I'll bury your ring deep in the ground."
Lotus: "*Groan*... You are the only one getting lucky."
Shuma: "Well, now..."
*After sending Mari to her room, I take out a brand new notebook from the desk.*
*"I am going to start keeping a diary from today."*
Shuma: "The beginning of any diary has gotta be this line."
*After thinking various things, I've decided to keep a diary from today. However, it's not a simple diary of memories.*
*My character...to say it correctly, my consciousness, I suppose. Sucking blood and giving and receiving life force.*
*As I continue acting like a vampire, my point of view is getting close to that of a normal vampire's way of thinking.*
*And my consciousness gradually disappears from me, and gets closer to that of a vampire progenitor.*
*To suppress it as much as possible, I will write down my thoughts in the diary and hold onto my will more firmly.*
Lotus: "It is a good thing to be aware of your own self."
Shuma: "I don't understand it very much myself. It sounds like an excuse, but in my mind, I've always been me."
*But when I look back, I realize there were times I didn't understand why I thought in such a way, or more like, clearly I was just wrong.*
*I'll write my thoughts down and review myself constantly to prevent my consciousness from turning completely to that of a vampire's. It's not flashy work, but it's necessary for me now.*
Shuma: "Then, next..."
*I write down what happened today first.*
Shuma: "First morning. As usual, I did my morning training and was in school during the day..."
Shuma: "And Kaede's mesmerization was still there..."
Shuma: "Oops..."
*That's right. I shouldn't forget that I had sex with Kaede at noon...*
*...Today was another jam-packed day from the beginning.*
Lotus: "How nice. So envious. I want to do kiss-kiss-giggle with Kaede-chan."
*Shut up, lolicon. I did it because there was no choice. What's wrong is this vampire blood. I'm not bad.*
Shuma: "A-anyway, I'll write down everything correctly."
Shuma: "There are some things I want to avert my eyes from even if they're true. If I fail to recognize them correctly, there will be more opportunities to create victims like Kaede, something I don't wish to do."
Shuma: "...And it's not right as a man to pretend I didn't have sex with Kaede."
Lotus: "Yes, yes. A progenitor can increase his mistresses like that. I hardly did it as I was worried about how your mother would take it. So I envy you."
*As for me, I might end up having a lot of holes in my stomach...*
Shuma: "Then next...at night, I found Lycoris and started a fight..."
*Here...my consciousness changed during that encounter.*
Shuma: "I was really angry at Lycoris, so even though my life force was drained, I chased her, swinging Deesse Morte like a stupid man."
*This is...more like a warning sign that I need to calm down more.*
Shuma: "But..."
Shuma: "...I will kill her."
Shuma: "This is not my thought..."
*I may be able to say I forgot myself because of anger, but I really don't want to accept that I'm capable of thinking like that naturally.*
Lotus: "Certainly, it is unsettling. It might have been a reaction to forcing yourself to move after your life force dried up."
Shuma: "*Sigh*...I don't like this."
*I hate Lycoris, but I don't want to kill her. This is certainly not my own intention.*
Shuma: "Alright. Next. Then after that, Mari defended me and I came to my senses."
*I hardly feel it so myself. I thought I was never out of my senses, but as I trace back my thoughts, I realize they changed with Mari's incident.*
Shuma: "And somehow I swung around Deesse Morte and held down Lycoris. And then...Aoi showed up..."
*I've written it down smoothly in the notebook, but my pen stops right here.*
Shuma: "...What was that all about?"
Lotus: "Do you mean the manner of that disappointing sister?"
Shuma: "Yeah. She was obviously wrong from the start, wasn't she?"
*The part where she attacked Lycoris and I may not be so wrong depending on how you look at it.*
*But she attacked only me right after. And...*
Shuma: "To begin with, normally she yells and charges when she finds Lycoris..."
Lotus: "Aoi is...I don't know... Possibility is...hmm. Well, it's possible she behaved like that because she's an idiot."
*I never said she was an idiot. Just, I think it's better to give a little more thought to it. Aoi is too honest to her emotions. Even though I may not be in a position to criticize her for it.*
Shuma: "Then after that, Calen came to help us."
Shuma: "Mari was completely powerless, and we couldn't escape only with ourselves. I can't thank her enough."
Lotus: "True. How about giving a "thank you kiss" or sex to Calen-chan. Of course, I'm happy to do it for you if you don't want to."
Shuma: "You, lolicon. If I see Mom in the afterlife, I'll definitely tell her about this."
Lotus: "Hey. Please don't, for mercy's sake? I'll die, do you know that?"
*Aren't you dead already? Or will it be as bad as dying again...?*
Shuma: "...And, I came back with Calen's help, then with Mari..."
Lotus: "You know, Shuma. I've never detested you so much as I do today. You enjoyed having two cutie loli girls in a day. Detestable, so detestable!"
Shuma: "Shut up, shut up! Aaaaah!"
Shuma: "My heart feels like bursting from guilt! I envy your mentality like a devil!!"
Lotus: "I'm not a devil but a vampire."
*Both are the same! You, lolicon!*
Shuma: "And, just now I gave Mom's keepsake to Mari, then her life force became tasty, and today is over!"
*It was so hard to bear that I wrote everything down in one stretch.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa, haa...oooo."
*This gives me more mental anguish than I thought... Not only what happened that was beyond my control, but also things that I chose to do are also quite horrible...*
Shuma: "Spiritual enlightenment... I want to attain spiritual enlightenment..."
Lotus: "If a vampire attained "spiritual enlightenment", he would vanish out of sight or annihilate all human beings."
*...I agree on that. Or he would expunge himself.*
Shuma: "This is not good... I feel so depressed. This is what they call 'bad for your mental health'."
Shuma: "Not just blaming myself, but if I can do something that fires myself up at the same time..."
Lotus: "In that case, why not review your fight moves from today's battle?"
Shuma: "Fight moves?"
Lotus: "Yeah. Your style of fighting. Even though you practice, your way of fighting still has a way to go."
Lotus: "You cannot avoid fights in the future, so isn't it a good idea for you to remember and write down, you and your opponent's moves to become stronger?"
*I see. It's like image training. And I don't feel depressed doing it.*
Shuma: "Alright, let's try."
*I bring to mind the moves I did during today's fight with Lycoris, and write them down in the notebook.*
Shuma: "...Now that I wrote them down, it looks like I can handle the big sword pretty well."
Lotus: "It should be as you have practiced. You have enough power to swing around the big thing and you have mastered some techniques."
Shuma: "Like, swing up, turn my body around using centrifugal force and strike an opponent again..."
Shuma: "Also, I was able to twist my body and cut upward from the opposite direction without even turning."
*It seems I don't swing Deesse Morte around blindly, but can handle it by making full use of my waist, shoulders and wrists.*
Shuma: "With these many variations, it might be good if I spin around and swing the sword?"
Lotus: "As long as you have variations, you'll be able to make a surprise attack, or even catch somebody by surprise, for sure."
Shuma: "Like this, I keep swinging the sword around... Oh! It's like a special move!"
Lotus: "Hmm. Nice. Even if an opponent avoids or guards against an attack, more blows will come one after another from the same direction. Pretty strong."
Shuma: "Alright! Let's try that!"
*It will look better for a hero to have special moves during battle! I'm really getting fired up!*
Shuma: "Okay, well, I throw the sword up like this, then swing like this, and now I give one more swing, and if I hit an opponent, I swing again..."
*I'm not very good at it, but I draw several stick figures and depict the ways to swing the big sword.*
Lotus: "Ah, you draw it..."
Shuma: "If I hit, next swing, but if I don't hit, I'll be open for an attack as I spin right there..."
Lotus: "Shuma...?"
Shuma: "Got it! In the last spin, I'll add a twist to the turn and bring the sword down! This will change the timing so my opponent will be taken by surprise!"
Shuma: "Right, it will be good! The last is a name... A special move needs a name!"
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: " 'Tornado'...or 'typhoon'. Hmm, neither really stands out as a foreign word. If I really want to say something like 'strong spinning', then 'tatsumaki' (tornado) might be it. Better to name it using Japanese?"
Shuma: "So, 'tatsumaki' or 'taifuu'. No, no...if it's in Japanese, I want to line up cooler characters next to each other. And first of all, these look hard to yell.
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "Well, it may be cool to write it in Japanese and read it in English. Don't you think so?"
Lotus: "A-ah. I think so..."
Shuma: "Then...'whirlwind' looks cool. I want something after that, though. 'Whirlwind sword'? This looks normal."
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "Hmm...maybe better not to add 'sword'? 'Break slash'? It's cool, but Deesse Morte isn't really like slash. Maybe...'break blow'? Oh, sounds good!"
*Next to the stick figures, I write down various characters. Gradually, they look pretty good.*
Shuma: "I want to express heaviness from the big sword attack... Oh, this is it! 'Heavy explosion blow'! 'Whirlwind heavy explosion blow'! This looks great!"
Lotus: "I guess...so..."
Shuma: "Now how to read it. In English, it's like 'cyclone heavy explosion attack'? Hmm, doesn't feel cool..."
Lotus: "Re-really? I think that's good enough..."
Shuma: "No, no, this is my first special move so we can't compromise!"
Lotus: "I-is that right. Maybe so...haha..."
Shuma: "Hmm. A little better English...no, wait a minute. I don't need to translate it literally, do I? I can pick similar and cooler words..."
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "Er...'whirlwind' is good with 'cyclone', but...isn't there anything better...?"
*I take out my mobile and search the word 'heavy explosion blow'.*
Shuma: "Oh, 'heavy bomber' comes up first...!"
*I tap a link and meet my destiny!*
Shuma: "This, this is...!"
*In front of me appears a single word that shines brilliantly!*
Shuma: "I've found a foreign heavy bomber called 'Dauntless'! This is so awesome!"
Shuma: "Alright! The name of this special move is written as 'whirlwind heavy bomb attack' and I shall call it...'Cyclone Dauntless'! Oh man, this is super cool!!"
Lotus: "Haha, right..."
Shuma: "It's really getting fun! Are there any other attacks I can turn into special moves..."
Lotus: "Certainly, a vampire progenitor has a tendency like that, but I never thought you would be this crazy about it..."
====================E-MR02_01.TXT====================
Mari: "Good morning, Master. Walking? Or jogging again?"
Shuma: "Oh. Training suit, good. Sneakers, good. Pedometer. Ready!"
Mari: "*Itching itching*..."
Shuma: "Are you coming with me, today?"
Mari: "Let's go, bow-wow! Walk, walk!"
*After that, a week or so has passed.*
*I keep up jogging every morning. I run through the morning streets with Mari in her maid clothes.*
*The change since then, Mari accompanies me every morning.*
Mari: "Bike is the best!"
*...She rides a bike daintily, though she is a dog.*
Shuma: "Hey, idiot. You're going too fast. Adjust to my speed, stupid dog!"
Mari: "Slow."
Shuma: "Ah, I said stupid dog again. If I don't watch my mouth, I say stupid things. Leaving that aside, slow down."
Mari: "Here, Master, this way, this way!"
*I know I won't solve anything by jogging like this...*
*I don't feel like facing those monsters without preparation, and also, exercise spares me from unnecessary thoughts.*
*And above all...exercise makes me feel my body as a human being.*
Shuma: "Alright."
*I run to the park and cool down.*
Mari: "Oh? Master, aren't you going to swing around that stupidly big sword as usual?"
Shuma: "Well. What am I going to do?"
Mari: "I'll help you today!"
Shuma: "No, no. I'm always saying no, aren't I?"
Mari: "Boo. Why not? I'm a werewolf. I can help your battle practice."
Shuma: "You say so but..."
*I don't think I can concentrate even if I face Mari as an imaginary enemy...*
Lotus: "Huh? Don't you want Maritima to help you?"
Shuma: "It's not like that...but I don't feel right to flatly refuse her offer."
Lotus: "In that case, how about telling her you will do image training today?"
*Oh. That's a nice idea.*
Shuma: "Well, sorry, Mari. I'm going to do some image training today. So I'm fine by myself."
Mari: "Is that so? Then, it cannot be helped."
Shuma: "Sorry."
*I apologize to Mari who looks disappointed...*
Shuma: "...So tell me how to do image training?"
Lotus: "Ah, nothing too special. Anyway, first sit down. In Japan, you have that...let me see...Japanese dogeza, is it?"
Shuma: "Do-dogeza?! Do I have to do that?"
Lotus: "Yes. I think it's easier to do in that position."
*Is image training really like that? But to be stronger...*
Mari: "What?! What are you doing all of a sudden?! Did you do something bad?!"
Shuma: "No, well... I thought it may be easier to do image training in this position..."
Mari: "I-is that so? You surprised me by sitting on the ground and suddenly prostrating to your maid. I wondered if I should step on your head."
*Mari would do that without hesitation.*
Lotus: "Oh? What are you doing?"
Shuma: "Huh? You told me to do dogeza..."
Lotus: "I don't think dogeza is like that."
Shuma: "No?"
Lotus: "More like, you sit down cross-legged, and with your back straight, and...that's it. Shaving off all your hair, isn't it?"
Shuma: "That's not dogeza, but zazen!"
Lotus: "Oh, is that so? Zazen, dogeza...similar things."
*They're not similar at all.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*... Here I go."
Mari: "What? Are you stopping already...?"
Shuma: "No, concentration before image training is necessary..."
*I'm too embarrassed to say I did dogeza by mistake, so I tell a lie.*
Mari: "Ah, I see. Then, what's next?"
Shuma: "Next is, I sit down normally..."
*I sit down in a cross-legged position for zen meditation.*
Mari: "Well, well. I saw it on TV. You have your head clean-shaven, don't you? I'm going to do it for you."
Shuma: "Stop! That's only for the people in that profession. Hide your claws."
Mari: "Is that so? I'm disappointed. I wanted to do it like, *scrape scrape*."
*Dangerous. Both of them guessed wrong!*
Shuma: "So, I'll begin my image training. Please keep quiet."
Mari: "Gah. Do I have to be quiet?"
Shuma: "Of course. If you are noisy, I can't concentrate."
Mari: "Boo. Boring."
*How can I concentrate with noise?*
Shuma: "If you think it's boring, then why don't you go play over there."
Mari: "There's no prey around here...how can I play? I can't even find a rabbit in town."
*...I can't take her to a petting zoo.*
Shuma: "Then, stay quiet until I'm done."
*I order her and close my eyes while in the cross-legged position.*
*I close my eyes and shut out all external information.*
Shuma: "......"
*At the same time, my surroundings smoothly disappear, and I feel as if I've been left alone.*
Lotus: "Well. You can focus this much from the start. Quit amazing."
Shuma: "So, for image training, is it okay if I imagine the fight moves in my head?"
Lotus: "No. You always do that when you practice your body movement. So today is a little different."
Shuma: "Different?"
Lotus: "Yes. It's more like meditation than image training. I call it a discipline to maintain your own self strongly in any situation."
Shuma: "Ah, I see. That sounds good in order to prevent my mind from becoming a vampire all by itself."
Lotus: "Alright. Here we go. Imagine..."
*In the darkness in front of me, a small light floats up.*
Lotus: "Remember, place an image always in the center of yourself. By keeping an image constantly within you, you can have it even during a battle."
Lotus: "For example, even if you are put in the worst situation during a fight, only having that image in you helps to stand up again. Humans are like that."
Shuma: "...How about vampires?"
Lotus: "Vampires, especially the ones descended from the three clans are born to rule. We are naturally like that more or less. And anyone can hardly blame us for it."
Shuma: "Ah...that's why I became arrogant, without realizing it."
Lotus: "Right. But you grew up mostly as human. Also, you don't like the vampire way of thinking, do you?"
Shuma: "Of course I don't like being arrogant."
Lotus: "You need image training for this reason."
Shuma: "Are you trying to say I need to imagine myself as being arrogant?"
Lotus: "No, no, that's not it. If you are nothing but arrogant, you're just a tyrant. Arrogance is a pure by-product. The source that produces arrogant pride of the three clans is..."
Lotus: "Power."
*Power...*
Lotus: "Holding absolute and unquestionable power... Beyond that, arrogance is born. Try to restrain yourself from being arrogant and imagine power."
*Imagine only power...*
Lotus: "Call upon myself, the one who is always the strongest..."
*In the light floating up against my eyelids, I shape my form.*
Lotus: "...And myself, the one who never backs down in adverse circumstances..."
*My form is full of injuries. But I don't weakly stoop down. I stand with my feet firmly on the ground and face straight ahead...*
Lotus: "And myself, the one who never becomes abject and continues to pursue, even if driven into a corner by a cowardly method..."
*My gaze is strong. I fix my eyes on the justice of my strong self without anger or resentment...*
Lotus: "...And a little girl who is kicking me relentlessly."
Shuma: "whoa-a-little-girl-strong."
Mari: "Whoa?! What happened, Master?! You miss my body so much that you started aching for it?!"
Shuma: "No, really nothing, so please don't say that kind of thing out loud."
*I was totally focused, so I really imagined me being kicked... It was unbelievably surreal.*
Lotus: "Well, what's wrong, Shuma?"
Shuma: "What isn't wrong? Please don't fool around, and instruct me seriously if you do it at all. I was imagining the strong me in a really good way."
Lotus: "Well, I was pretty serious."
Shuma: "If you were serious, then it's a more serious issue. How can I create a strong image like that...?"
Lotus: "Hmm. Don't you become full of energy when you imagine a little girl steps on you? Especially that part?"
Shuma: "*Sigh*..."
Mari: "Master, are you finished?! Then, play with me next!"
Shuma: "Wait."
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
Shuma: "Sorry. Let me practice a bit more."
Mari: "Nooo..."
*Alright, one more time.*
*I close my eyes and imagine a strong me again in darkness.*
Shuma: "......"
*A strong body that can withstand any attacks, and a strong mind that can stand up against any adversaries.*
*...An image is taking shape.*
*And I add one more element to this image. This strongest me will never act for his own sake. Only for the purpose of helping others...*
Lotus: "Even the strongest Shuma cannot help squirming and twitching from a little girl's verbal abuse..."
Shuma: "Don't get in my way!"
Mari: "*Yelp*?! I've done nothing?!"
Shuma: "Ah..."
*When I open my eyes, I see Mari being so surprised that she's almost falling down.*
Mari: "Haooo... I've waited as Master ordered me to... *Yelp, yelp*..."
Shuma: "No, no, sorry. I didn't say that to you."
Mari: "Oooo. Then, it's more horrible. Why was I caught up in it?"
Shuma: "Really, sorry..."
*Dad...!*
Lotus: "Hmm. Because you are my son, I thought you could be stronger in this way."
*I cannot! You, lolicon! Pervert!*
Shuma: "Phew... It's getting bright. I guess it's time to finish. Mari!"
Mari: "Yes. Good job! Now let's play, lets play! Woof, woof, woof!"
Shuma: "No, we didn't come here to play..."
Mari: "What are you saying? You promised we would play after image training."
*No, we didn't. But...*
Shuma: "...Only for a short time. We didn't bring toys though."
*I just yelled at her for no reason. And besides, she accompanied me for training today.*
Mari: "As for a toy, here! I brought one with me! Now quick, play with me, play with me!"
*She takes out a flying disc from somewhere and waves it around in her hand.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*... Okay, okay. But let me take a break for a while."
*Image training wears out my nerves more than I expected. But I felt it was more beneficial. Even though it didn't go perfectly as my dad interfered many times.*
Lotus: "It's a long way to go if your image is swayed simply by my comments. Remember you always need to keep the image...even during fights."
*Why are you pretending to be a capable trainer? You were just trying to force your favorite fantasy on me.*
Mari: "Break. Then let's break quickly and play quickly! Here's water, Master!"
Shuma: "O-oh...*gulp gulp*."
*Mari hands a plastic bottle of water toward me, so I guzzle up.*
Shuma: "*Gasp*. Phew...will you have some, Mari?"
*After drinking some, I offer the bottle to Mari.*
Mari: "Yes, I will. Thank you very much, Master. Water, water...*gulp gulp*."
Shuma: "I mean, it's embarrassing to be called ‘Master'. Why don't we stop it as I said before?"
Mari: "That, I cannot. My sentiment won't allow it. *Gulp gulp*. Here! Please have a rest, Master!"
Shuma: "Okay okay...*gulp gulp*."
Mari: "Oh, it's an indirect kiss!"
Shuma: "Between a maid and her master?"
Mari: "I agree."
*I wouldn't say it tastes good even if I were on my deathbed.*
Shuma: "...And? I wonder if it's worthwhile running and doing image training?"
Mari: "I think so. The Embroche family has an ability to enhance physical strength, so it's possible for you to activate this ability while running."
Shuma: "Compared to the past, I'm hardly tired now, for sure."
Mari: "I don't know much about image training...but Master, when you were closing your eyes, you seemed to be releasing something like an aura of power."
Shuma: "That's a really vague description."
*But I've realized the effect of image training myself. As long as I practice it following my dad's advice, I feel I can maintain myself strongly even during a fight.*
Mari: "Actually the more you become a vampire, the less effective it will be, so you don't need to jog at all. Of course, in exchange for what you call 'humanity'."
Shuma: "Hahaha. Then it's worth more to work hard!"
Mari: "I've never heard of healthy vampires who jog every morning."
Shuma: "I'm the progenitor of a new generation. I might start up a gym if I can only awaken the ability to fully enhance my body. Ah, with vampire power, I'll win all the track and field races for sure!"
*Since Mari started to accompany me for the training, I've come to enjoy our conversations in the park.*
*We always take a break like this between training sessions.*
*Now is the only time in daylight which I can enjoy taking it easy in an outdoor environment. Soon it will be hard.*
Mari: "But I enjoy going for walks with you, so I don't care about minor details."
Mari: "You make me realize you are his son, after all."
Shuma: "For which reason?!"
Mari: "Both."
*And above all, spending time like this together is a convenient way to know each other better.*
Shuma: "Come to think of it, I hardly know anything about you. What are you like, Mari?"
Mari: "It's alright, you don't need to know about me. I'm maid, you're master."
Shuma: "Haha, I want to know everything about this cute girl."
Mari: "Oh, a skirt-chasing vampire? That's good. But Master might get chased away instead, so let's stop it."
*This maid really can't keep her mouth shut!*
Mari: "Hmm, well. About me..."
Mari: "How about this? I am timid."
Shuma: "I know that very well."
Mari: "Of course, I'm a werewolf, so once I shapeshift and howl, all the humans become scared and run away."
Mari: "But at the moment, I'm the one who is afraid the most. Humans are afraid of me because I'm a werewolf, but it has nothing to do with me myself."
Shuma: "When did a wolf become a lion? Do you want a badge of courage?"
Mari: "Not really. If I don't have one, it can't make trouble. As long as Master becomes a proper master."
Mari: "I'll continue to work as a maid under Master as the proper progenitor. If you feel like it, you can turn me into a vampire, too."
Shuma: "But for you, Mari..."
Mari: "What you have is not courage, but defiance."
Mari: "We start seeing humans here and there. It's about the time to go home."
*Even though I know nothing about her, Mari has always supported me. Without her, I probably wouldn't exist as I am now. Lycoris would have caught me a long time ago.*
*One thing is certain...she's a cute girl. This is why we're always together.*
*And also because I think I can maintain the normal me, as long as I'm with her.*
Shuma: "Alright, let's go, Mari. Get on the bike!"
Mari: "Bow wow!"
*So the tight-assed person I am can continue to sweat today, too.*
Shuma: "Hoo, haa, haa! Goal!"
Mari: "Bow wow bowww."
Calen: "Well, well, you are very chummy again this morning, hehehehe."
Mari: "Eek, what is it, Lady Calen? Master just took his dog, me, for a walk..."
Calen: "Oh dear, have you both forgotten I am the fiancee, Mari-san and Shuma-san?"
Mari: "Gee, but frankly, I don't think this man will accept a woman who calls it a marriage of convenience and insists on such a relationship without protest."
Calen: "Oh dear, Mari-san, you asked for it. A finger sna―"
Mari: "Ha-ha. I'm not afraid of a finger snap anymore! This ring fills me with energy one hundred times greater!"
Shuma: "O-oh? I heard it can boost life force, but does it make her safe against a finger snap?"
Lotus: "No...probably not. She might be able to resist it to a certain extent..."
*So that means she's acting aggressive like this from being full of energy. I've gotta stop her!!*
Shuma: "H-hey, calm down a little, Mari. The ring doesn't have such a function..."
Mari: "Go ahead! The ring from Master gives me Herculean strength, no, Wolverine's strength!!"
Shuma: "Stop! Calen, you calm down, too. It's just a joke, this maid isn't very smart!"
Calen: "Rin...g...?"
Mari: "Eh?!"
Shuma: "YIKES...?!"
Calen: "Did Shuma-san give you a ring...?"
Mari: "Oh no! Lady Calen is surrounded with the most heinous aura I've ever seen! Please Master, calm Lady Calen down!!"
Shuma: "You're the one who stirred it up! C-calm down, Calen! This ring is the one my mother told Mari to give to me, and now I gave it to her. Yikes!"
Calen: "I don't understand you... Even I am yet to receive a ring from you, Shuma-san, but for the likes of a maid, you...!"
Mari: "Gosh, gosh! Master, I saw this on TV! This is a creature called a 'mother-in-law' who endlessly nags a delicate heroine!"
Shuma: "Oh no, you idiot! Why do you add fuel to the fire?!"
Calen: "How dare you, you're simply a maid, a maid! It is unforgivable you were given a ring before I! You foolish maid!"
Mari: "There, she's exactly like a mother-in-law!"
Shuma: "Calm down! Please calm down. Would you calm down, please?!"
Calen: "Oh no! A lady of my standing became upset by a mere maid...*inhale* *exhale* *inhale*!"
*G-good. She seems to be calming down a little. I'm glad I screamed even though it was a desperate move.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?"
*A smile.*
Shuma: "Y-yes...?"
Calen: "The ring. Shall I have one from you?"
Shuma: "A-alright. I'll look for it and give one to you..."
*Ugh, my allowance... But there's no choice to calm her down!*
Calen: "Hehe, thank you very much. Even though it belonged to your mother, the maid will have a used ring, and I shall have a wonderful ring carefully chosen by Shuma-san...!"
*I wonder why... She seems to be saying she doesn't want a ring from me necessarily, but is mortified to have lost to Mari. It's okay, but somehow it doesn't go down well with me.*
Calen: "All of you... I will make her my familiar, really. What do you think about that, Shuma-san!"
Mari: "She's still angry! N-n-now, Master, Lady Calen's, er...boobs! If you bite them, milk will come out instead of pee. Probably! Let's try it!"
Calen: "It will not!!"
Shuma: "She's not angry, but you're making her so...*sigh*."
*Still, Calen is not as angry as before, so I'm relieved for the time being.*
Shuma: "Ah. Exhausting. Now that I'm relieved, I'm thirsty. Waah, I want to suck blood. Blood, blood, blood."
Mari: "Aren't you suppose to fight against your vampire urge?!"
Shuma: "I overdid my training a little! And I didn't suck blood yesterday or the day before that!"
Shuma: "And, aaaah! Now I remember the taste of Mari's blood with the ring on! I can't stand this, so thirsty! Blood, blood!"
Lotus: "Yes, yes. I understand your feeling. Your mother's blood was irresistibly delicious. When it flowed into my mouth, the syrupy texture on the tongue and scent..."
*Waaaah! This is food terrorism! I can't bear it, I can't bear it any more!*
Calen: "*Annoyed*. Mari-san! Rock-paper-scissors!"
Mari: "Scissors!"
Calen: "I lost..."
Mari: "So then, here you go♪ Please enjoy my blood that's become delicious for you as much as you wish!"
*Delicious smell, delicious blood smell, delicious Mari's smell...!*
Shuma: "Waaaah! *Bite*!"
Mari: "Ah, ah, ah!"
*Delicious, super delicious. As long as Mari's here, I don't care about anything else. Ah, my Mari's blood...*
Shuma: "Okay. I'll help you prepare breakfast."
Mari: "Well. Let's have sex, Master."
*Crap!*
Shuma: "Now I've done it! I mesmerized her this early in the morning! Calm down, Mari! Pull yourself together!"
Mari: "But, but...I can't pull myself together... Juice, from between my legs!"
Mari: "Master!!!"
Shuma: "Calen is here..."
Calen: "Ah, outside is already so bright. *Zzzz*..."
Mari: "She fell asleep."
Shuma: "She fell asleep."
Mari: "Bow-wow. Mari is a slave dog only for Master! A collar and leash are right here for you!"
Shuma: "*Pull pull pull*."
Mari: "Ah, ah, ah!"
Mari: "No, I'm not a super perv character! I will NOT be mesmerized by this petty half vampire!"
*Jogging, training, having breakfast, getting ready for school, and now I'm on my way there.*
*Morning is very peaceful considering the situation I'm forced to be in.*
Calen: "*Yawn*... Sleepy, I will stay sleeping."
Shuma: "Straighten up, lady. Your favorite Sakurako is waiting for you today."
Calen: "I will do my best."
*Her brain doesn't wake up, but it's good that she's motivated.*
Mari: "Really a good-for-nothing vampire. There is some truth in what Master says."
Calen: "I am more of a dog person than a cat person."
Mari: "On the contrary, it's scary."
Kaede: "Ah."
Shuma: "Oh, Kaede!"
*It's unusual, but I bump into Kaede.*
*...I feel awkward for some reason.*
Kaede: "Eh-ehehe, Big Brother."
Shuma: "O-oh. Big Brother is here."
Kaede: "I'm going to do something naughty with Big Brother!"
*Hey, you. Don't remember that! Instead, remember the time I felt nothing sexual when I was flirting with Sakurako and Kaede!*
Kaede: "B-big Brother, don't care so much. You're embarrassing me, too."
Shuma: "R-right."
Kaede: "Big Brother, Mari-chan and Calen-san. Good morning."
Mari: "Good morning, Kaede-san!"
Shuma: "Oh, good morning, Kaede!"
Calen: "You have a soothing loveliness today too, Kaede-san."
Kaede: "S-soothing? Can I join you?"
Mari: "Yes. Shall we go?"
Mari: "*Sigh*... Biology club requires a lot of work. What are you keeping now and how many?"
Kaede: "Let me see, an axolotl, guppies, angel fish, a red-eared slider. And Japanese killifish, bell crickets and...and..."
Mari: "Mammals. How about mammals? Don't you have fluffy ones?!"
Kaede: "Of course we do. A rabbit and a chipmunk. They're the janitor lady's pets, but she lets us help too."
Mari: "Shimarisu (chipmunk)! It has the word 'mari' in the middle!"
Shuma: "If we break it apart, it'll be 'Mari dies' (mari-shisu)."
Mari: "Oooh, Master teases me."
*Hmm.*
Shuma: "Kaede. Please say, 'Tease me?', with upturned eyes."
Kaede: "...Tease me?"
*Yeah, good.*
Lotus: "Yeah, great job, Shuma."
*Ah. I share the opinion with Dad. It feels like a defeat.*
Lotus: "Of course I like loli girls who make me want to tease them, but I definitely prefer loli girls who step on me!"
Lotus: "No, wait a second. Loli girls who are timid but still step on me and abuse me are charming in their own way! I can't decide which is better!"
*...It's okay to ignore him. Yeah.*
Calen: "Still, Mari-san and Kaede-san. They are very close to each other now."
Shuma: "Yeh. Haw-haw. That Mari, always complaining about this and that."
Mari: "Ugh...not really, just that Kaede-san is a good person. And cute."
Kaede: "Wow, Big Brother, she called me cute. Woohoo."
Shuma: "Hahaha, I know really well how cute you are, for various reasons."
Kaede: "For various reasons? No, Big Brother you stupid!"
*Why did I step on a landmine all by myself? Arrgh, I'm still far away from successfully restraining the vampire urge. I must be careful.*
Mari: "Master? After all, you decided to be a skirt chaser and get chased away? I don't care if you're wrecked."
Kaede: "Oooh, Mari-chan, Big Brother teases me."
Mari: "...Teases?"
*Much better.*
Lotus: "Kaede-chan and Maritima's double "tease". Shuma, you give them excellent guidance, so I'm doing great. Yes, yes!"
*Aaargh. Why is this? Each time our opinion matches, it really annoys me. Rather, it worries me...*
Kaede: "Come to think of it, you were jogging this morning, Big Brother."
Shuma: "Ah, did you see me?"
Kaede: "When I was taking out the garbage, I happened to see you with Mari-chan on a bike."
Mari: "Ah...yes."
Shuma: "Recently, we started jogging together. I'm trying to train my body!"
Kaede: "Wow, I see. I'm envious."
Shuma: "Envious? Why is that?"
Kaede: "Hmm...err..."
Kaede: "...I want to talk more with Mari-chan, too."
Mari: "E-eh...?"
Kaede: "W-well! We are neighbors and greet each other. I'm hoping I'll know her better. We're the same age, aren't we?"
Kaede: "So, well...not like I want to follow you jogging! I mean, I want to play with Mari-chan."
Shuma: "Er, err, for that."
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "Ask Mari."
Kaede: "Mari-chan? Mm, is it okay, Mari-chan?"
Mari: "Eh, er..."
Mari: "Yes, let's go out and play!"
Kaede: "Whoa, woohoo! I got it, when we do, I'll show you around biology club. We have many toys for pets, so let's play with all of them!"
Mari: "Really! Wow, woohoo. Toys!"
*Those animal toys are for biology club use, not for you. Do you understand, Mari?*
Calen: "Oh dear, she becomes so full of smiles."
Shuma: "Fundamentally, she's very simple."
Calen: "She is quite similar to Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Do you think so?"
Kaede: "...Ah. Say, Big Brother."
Shuma: "Mmm?"
*As we arrive at school, she beckons me to the corner.*
Kaede: "...Lately, I'm making sure not to go out at night."
Shuma: "Ah..."
Kaede: "Are those scary things still happening?"
Shuma: "Yeah, still..."
Kaede: "Speaking of which, I haven't asked you yet. Well...I wonder if it's okay to ask you this..."
Kaede: "Big Brother! I mean..."
Kaede: "...you have something to do with that scary person and the scary things. Not just a little, but a lot."
Shuma: "That's..."
*Kaede's memory was not erased but kept as is, from the moment of Lycoris' attack, to the time she had sex with me.*
*It's because I wanted Kaede to recognize and pay attention to the scary things happening around her. The sex part was left untouched, as Kaede wished, but I never really told her the details of the incident.*
*If I explain everything, she might again be exposed to further danger, so I only told her that something dangerous has been happening...*
*This unsatisfactory information has been making Kaede nervous. I feel sorry that I have to put her into this situation.*
Shuma: "Sorry, Kaede. I'm making you nervous..."
Kaede: "N-no. It's not that I want you to apologize to me, and this is to help me, right...?"
Shuma: "It is so, but I understand you are nervous... When I asked you not to come close to me, to protect you after that incident, you kindly agreed..."
Kaede: "Certainly, I've tried not to come close to you because it's better for me...so I'm okay, Big Brother. Hehe!"
Shuma: "Hey, don't laugh in a weird way."
Lotus: "An angel is here. Oh God! Why did you send an angel to Shuma but not to me...!"
*And thus a vampire came to have a grudge against God, huh? God got dragged into such a mess.*
Mari: "Don't worry. Master is a vampire, but he is half human. Half."
Mari: "And he's been fighting to protect Kaede-san, Sakurako-san, and all the girls in this town from the evil witch."
Kaede: "He does... Yes, I was helped by him like that."
Mari: "So, you don't need to worry. Your Big Brother is similar to the scary one, but he's not on her side."
Mari: "Your Big Brother is a gentle person. Please do not worry."
Kaede: "Mari-chan..."
Kaede: "Yup, understood. Ah, but I mean, I've never thought you were an evil one, Big Brother, so please don't feel bad. But, but..."
Kaede: "I'm sorry I started saying such weird things!"
Shuma: "A-ah, it's perfectly alright. I don't mind. You can't help it because that kind of thing happened to you."
Calen: "It might have been better to erase her memory after all."
Shuma: "That would have complicated things more. Well, it's alright in the end."
Shuma: "Just keep it secret among us."
Kaede: "Yup, secret."
*...However, it was unexpected that Mari suddenly started to defend me.*
*What was that for? Is it for me, for Kaede, or for her own self?*
*At least, the face of Mari who defended me is a rarely seen one compared to the sincere and true Mari.*
*It was not a lie. I am convinced.*
Kaede: "Well, then."
Kaede: "How about Mari-chan?"
Mari: "Huh?"
Kaede: "Mari-chan came from Racronia, following Big Brother. A-are you also a person concerned?"
Mari: "Ah, I-I'm well..."
Mari: "I'm a simple maid!"
*................*
Kaede: "Okay. Mari-chan, you can't be a vampire, can you? Because you don't suck my blood."
Mari: "Ah. Ahahaha."
Kaede: "Sorry for keeping you with my strange questions, Big Brother, Mari-chan and Calen-san."
Shuma: "Oh, don't worry. We'll go now."
Kaede: "Right. See you, bye-bye!"
*Timid, she is...*
*Calen said we were similar. Surely it seems so.*
Shuma: "Is it alright?"
Mari: "What is it?"
Shuma: "You're angry. Then why didn't you tell her honestly?
Mari: "Kaede-san is a human."
Shuma: "I see."
*Taking Mari's situation into account, my selfish irritation bubbles up and I'm about to scold this dog's disobedience.*
*But I hold it down, then put my palm on Mari's head and pet it...a little roughly.*
Mari: "Woof, woof, woof..."
Mari: "Master is an idiot..."
Shuma: "Whatever. Anyway, what are you going to do making a promise like that? Are you really going out to play with a human when you hate them so much?"
Mari: "You instigated it. So Master, please come up with a way to handle this."
Shuma: "Haha, I know. I'll think about how to avoid having her realize too much."
Calen: "Hehe. Well then, shall I ask you one thing?"
Mari: "Yes, what is it?"
Calen: "Have you already forgiven Kaede-san for having cut you deeply?"
Mari: "...Of course, I have."
*After that, it relieves me to hear Kaede is living her life normally even though she has some concerns.*
*One class, then the next. There's no strange signs among the classmates.*
*Come to think of it, I haven't seen Lycoris for a few days.*
*For me now, the school has more meaning than before.*
*Normal people come here and it's filled with girls mesmerized by my vampire power.*
*The school has become a good training ground.*
*My training partner is sometimes an ordinary girl student, Sakurako or Aoi.*
*Of course I've also been meaning to check who was affected by Lycoris and collect information about those incidents.*
*Speaking of which, I'm pretty concerned with the safety of Sakurako, too.*
Sakurako: "Ah, I'm okay. When I go out and play, I'm usually with Calen."
Shuma: "Really? If Calen is with you, you'll probably be safe. But still, I'm worried about you."
Sakurako: "Eh? Really, what is it, Shuma? If you talk like that to me..."
Calen: "I will protect Sakurako-san responsibly."
Calen: "I will never give up this lovely and delicious-looking girl to that Rubina renegade, hehe, ahaha!"
Sakurako: "Oh no, Shuma. I'll be eaten. Help me."
Shuma: "If you try to do something to Sakurako more than necessary, you know, I will send you back home."
Calen: "Here you go, Sakurako-chan. It's a time to eat. Mayonnaise, mayonnaise."
Sakurako: "*Slurp slurp*!"
*I'll leave them alone.*
Shuma: "I'm gonna play with Aoi. Hey, come here Aoi."
Aoi: "Keeeeeeeee!"
*What was that?!*
Shuma: "Communication, communication. *Staaare*!"
Aoi: "Absolutely a lie! Those eyes are not for communication, but for brainwashing!"
Shuma: "Waaaah?! I did it again unintentionally!"
Aoi: "Frankly speaking, you are doing it intentionally and only to me."
Shuma: "Fifty-fifty."
Aoi: "That's why I cannot put 100% of my trust in you!"
*And this one. She'll never take to me.*
Mari: "Normally, she should be lightly mesmerized by just being here."
Aoi: "At lease I have secured minimal defense. If you stare at me with those eyes again, I'll tell it to God."
**Sparkle twinkle sparkle*.*
*Bright. Pain in the butt kind of brightness...*
Shuma: "But I want to advance our friendship a little further. Because we are buddies, aren't we?"
Aoi: " 'Buddies'? I don't think I've ever become your buddy..."
Shuma: "Even so. Aoi, I like you, you know."
Aoi: "...Well, it's okay, really."
Aoi: "Also, it's not that I'll never take to you. Well, only if you quit using those eyes."
Aoi: "What? 'Take to'? What is 'take to'?! Oh no, no. Your power of mesmerization is getting stronger day by day! Stay away!"
*Oh no, I'm holding it down the best I can. My effort is hardly enough...*
*I've had enough. I'm gonna play with Mari...*
Shuma: "Mari, *point point*!"
Mari: "Waaah, waaah!"
Calen: "Sakurako-san, you have finished it all up. Now this is the third mayonnaise tube. Let's go, *suck suck*!"
Sakurako: "*Suck*!!!"
Aoi: "Lonely."
*What the hell is this?!*
Shuma: "Ah, today's hot again. The sun is bright... I'm thirsty."
Mari: "Ah, me, too. Master, I want vegetable juice."
Shuma: "Normal maids don't send their masters on errands."
*I wonder how many times I explained this to her. Stupid dog.*
Mari: "Yeah, yeah. Here's the change."
Shuma: "You have vegetable juice. Now, so..."
*Hey, Sakurako. Go and get juice! Oh no, I'm being selfish again. I'll do it myself.*
Shuma: "Hey, Sakurako, do you want to drink something? I'll go and get juice."
Sakurako: "Oh? I'm coming with you. Aoi and Calen?"
Calen: "Tomato juice."
Aoi: "I'll take tea."
*As soon as I get careless, I become like this.*
*Especially...Sakurako is a trusted friend and our relationship allows us to talk honestly to each other, so it's so easy to be careless with her.*
Sakurako: "Ah, tomato juice is sold out."
Shuma: "Seriously?!"
Sakurako: "Here, I have tomato ketchup."
Shuma: "Why?!"
*Oh, delicious.*
Shuma: "Er...thank you, Sakurako! Delicious, your ketchup. I'm happy I have a friend like you!"
Sakurako: "...Huh? That's a little creepy, Shuma."
*That's going too far. No, I am going too far.*
*Anyway, ketchup is delicious.*
Shuma: "Here, Aoi. Tea."
Aoi: "Thanks. How much?"
Shuma: "Heh, it's on me."
Aoi: "Really? You can be so considerate."
Sakurako: "For Calen, tomato juice was sold out, so I got watermelon juice. It's red so more or less the same, I think."
Calen: "They are completely diff― Delicious!"
Girl A: "Ah, Shuma bought Sakurako juice. Not fair."
Sakurako: "Because of my virtue, my virtue."
Girl C: "Kusanagi-kun, we'll buy one for you next time. So, please!"
Shuma: "Ah, hahaha...yeah, next time. Thank you."
Girl C: "Hehehe!"
*Hmm. Having said that, I feel uncomfortable with this.*
Lotus: "I envy you. The girls attracted to you are not my types, but back in my day, your mother would not let me have a harem like this. I wish to make a loli harem."
*As his son, I must stop that whatever the cost. Well, enough about Dad...*
*Even though I decided to be defiant, deep inside, my heart feels like being stung by a needle. Because mesmerization is like indirectly playing with the hearts of others.*
Sakurako: "In any case, recently Shuma is, you know..."
Aoi: "Creepy."
Shuma: "Aoi, too?!"
Sakurako: "Because. You say like 'close friend' or, 'I'm worried about you', face to face. You said that sometimes before but...now you say it too often."
Sakurako: "Hehehe. Embarrassing!"
*Things have come to this as soon as I make a rare concession to them. How dare you, powerless humans.*
*...No, that's not it. I'm half human, too.*
Shuma: "Don't be embarrassed, Sakurako. To tell you the truth, for a long time, I've been in lov―"
Sakurako: "Ahaha. Shuma, so cute. He's embarrassed!"
Aoi: "He did that to me, too. He called me 'buddy' out of the blue. Shoo, shoo."
Shuma: "My heart is not yet ready to accept your rejection. Sorry, shoo, shoo, shoo."
*Transformation of personality coming from being a vampire. Human hearts are not the only ones that are played with.*
*Therefore, a tight-assed person like myself keeps pasting a smile on his face...*
*...It is difficult.*
Mari: "Master? You don't need to force yourself to be cheerful."
Shuma: "...I know that. Just, I want to stay as me. Without being swept away by the urge."
Mari: "But to fight, you need to use your powers. To use them, you need to suck blood."
Mari: "The more you suck blood and the more often you use your powers, the more you awaken as a vampire. You are going to change."
Mari: "I won't be responsible if you end up saying you can't take it anymore."
Shuma: "For that, I will do my best."
Mari: "That's kind of a foolish answer. If someone else asked the question, they would be angry."
Shuma: "Sorry, Mari. I worry you."
*While saying this, I know it's important not to get angry or excited in order to sustain control.*
*Having control of myself directly leads to maintaining my will.*
Mari: "Well, Master, once you say you'll do it, I know you will, no matter what petty things you might say!"
Shuma: "...Yeah, thanks."
*For this reason, the words from Mari, who trusts my easily misunderstood behavior, are touching and make me grateful.*
*Concerning life in school, I am certain it's not the time to relax like this.*
*However, this life is very important to me now, because I would be quickly taken over by the urge if it only consisted of home and night streets.*
*If that were to happen, my resolution would cease to have meaning. But my will is not strong enough to fight it head on.*
*If my humanity is at stake, then it will be necessary to live surrounded by humans so that it won't be lost or forgotten.*
*Sakurako, Kaede, female classmates, male classmates, and other students too, as long as they're around me, I can feel assured.*
Sakurako: "Ah, Mari-chan."
Sakurako: "These days, everyone is so bothersome. Like, 'Play with me, let's play'."
Sakurako: "The other day, they refused to let me go home. They said, 'Let's go see the ocean.' I said, 'No way. I have something to do.' But they still tried to drag me there."
Shuma: "It's good you are popular. But Mari has nothing to do with it."
Sakurako: "Yes, she does. Shuma, you are always with Aoi and Mari, so it's hard for other girls to ask you out."
Sakurako: "...See, both of them are distant to other students. Frankly they are cold, aren't they?"
Shuma: "A-ah, right."
Sakurako: "So, they want to win me over, the one who is closest to you, and ask me many things about you, too. *Sigh*... It's a pain in the ass, really."
Shuma: "That's why you are with Calen."
Sakurako: "Well...that could be one of the reasons. But the main reason is she's my friend!!"
Shuma: "A-ah, you are right. Sorry."
Sakurako: "Seriously...recently you're so calculating. Who are you really? It's no good!"
Shuma: "...O-oh, well, I mean...even though Calen is with you, you know! Don't stay out too late!"
Sakurako: "Yeah, yeah, I know that."
Sakurako: "Anyway, I'm safe because Calen is with me."
*...As for safety, I can rely on Mari the most.*
*I heard the circumstances in which she became a maid, and as she looked up to my mother, it's understandable that she calls me Master and serves me.*
*The reason why she hates humans...was also sickening. But that is her situation and not the clear reason why she serves me.*
*But she defended me many times and also fought with me a lot. Even though I've hardly done anything for her myself.*
*At least with my own power, I must make it up to her. Thinking like this will surely motivate me. And of all things, it's miserable to always be defended by a girl.*
Mari: "I will continue to work as a maid under Master as the proper progenitor. If you feel like it, you can turn me into a vampire, too."
*I don't know if she's close to me out of love or friendship, but it has given me a strong sense of security.*
*So the petty person I am continues to stay stubborn like this today, too.*
Shuma: "Really, he forced quite a bit of work on me. It's getting late. Sorry to keep you with me, Mari."
*As I was leaving campus, my homeroom teacher caught me, then put me to the annoying task of carrying paperwork and goods. When I was done, quite a lot of time had already passed.*
Mari: "It cannot be helped. Helping is a maid's job."
*I couldn't just refuse him and give the excuse that I must go searching for Lycoris.*
Shuma: "Still, Iris Pumila... I wonder how long it will take for me to learn to remain calm if I see her face to face."
Mari: "Hmm. You must suck far more blood or train yourself. I can't even guess."
Shuma: "Well, at least I'll need to be strong enough to protect you from a vicious finger snap."
Mari: "Again, you force yourself to be cheerful and give me some cheesy line. You weren't like that before all this."
Shuma: "It's my true feeling!"
Mari: "...You are honest to a fault as usual."
Shuma: "Alright. Then we'll join Aoi and go on patrol. I've got to apologize to her for being late as soon as possible, otherwise she won't talk to me."
Mari: "Ah, well, Master. About...that..."
Shuma: "Huh? Ah, about Aoi or Lycoris?"
Mari: "That's not it! It's not. Er..."
Mari: "Well..."
Mari: "Master. May I go out to play?"
Shuma: "Go out to play. Of course!"
*So do I reply while pushing down the feeling that makes me want to say, "Don't be stupid."?*
Mari: "But I must accompany the search for Lycoris-san. But...you see, recently we've started as soon as classes finish."
Shuma: "That's true. Mari, you're a girl, too. It's natural to think and play around in a Japanese town like Calen, isn't it?"
Shuma: "And also!"
Mari: "Y-yes."
Kaede: "...Mari-chan!"
Shuma: "Hehehe. So lovey-dovey, aren't you?"
Mari: "N-nothing like that! Only a mere human!"
Shuma: "Whoa, stupid. Kaede will hear you."
Mari: "Whoa, oh no, Kaede-san?! ...U-u-urrgh."
Kaede: "Sorry, Mari-chan. I'm a little late."
Mari: "N-no, it's okay. I mailed you that I've just arrived here myself."
Shuma: "Well, you've been planning this since morning, so go ahead."
Kaede: "Yup. Mari-chan and Big Brother seem to have had some job, so we agreed on meeting up in the evening. Right."
Mari: "Y-yes."
Shuma: "Oh, have fun. See you, Kaede and Mari. I'll leave now."
Kaede: "Ah, yeah. See you, Big Brother."
Mari: "Oh, Master."
Mari: "Thank you very much!"
*It's rare that she lowers her head like that. Well, it's kind of not good concerning she's my maid, really.*
*She must be doing it to hide her embarrassment or guilty conscience. Mari has a really cute side.*
Kaede: "So I will show you around the biology club room! Let's go."
Mari: "Wow, I can't wait!"
*They hold hands and walk back to school.*
*...Mari? Doing THAT?!*
*Kaede is not good with people from the beginning. This is a true coincidence, but they must be compatible, too.*
Shuma: "True, there are humans who give you hell, but not all of them are like that, are they?"
*Ah, I see. Somehow I've understood.*
*The reason why I've been with Mari, resisted my change and worried about Sakurako and Kaede is...*
*...all because I wanted to feel reassured somehow. I realized this by seeing Mari and Kaede together.*
*I feel at peace.*
*................*
Aoi: "...What's up? You're late."
Shuma: "Sorry. I had things to do, as I mailed you."
Aoi: "It's alright, really. We're cooperating with each other anyway."
Shuma: "Yeah. Let's go then!"
*After that, we still continue to search for any trace of Lycoris.*
*An indiscriminate night search for Lycoris is necessary because I can act as bait at the same time. But as for searching for their hideout or base, it's possible to begin during daytime.*
*They are vampires or activated by vampire power. If they don't have enough life force, they must rest and sleep during the daytime also. They must have a base somewhere.*
Aoi: "Yes, I am Lycoris Radiata. Er...identification document. Here, my father is Japanese. But he's a quarter, so my family name is like this."
Aoi: "And my passport. And...signature...yes."
Aoi: "No good. Empty. She took it all out."
*Naturally it belongs to Lycoris.*
Shuma: "How did you fool them? How about her seal? Foreigners don't have them, do they? Did you make one?"
Aoi: "Seals are used only in Japan. I can forge her signature."
Shuma: "Whoa, what a cheat."
*Of course, Aoi checked the apartment Lycoris had used before she was taken control of a long time ago. She couldn't find her, much less any trace of her.*
Aoi: "Well, it will be found out quickly if you're doing something suspicious in such a crappy apartment."
Shuma: "This messenger of God is cheap."
Aoi: "We can't rent a decent one. The Rubina's rent allowance is 30,000 yen per month."
Shuma: "God himself is cheap."
Aoi: "Shut up. Everyone is stingy. You must have heard of religious precepts."
*Aoi stops at a vending machine and throws in some change.*
Aoi: "Well, I'm not that stingy. Here's some tomato juice."
Shuma: "Oh, is it okay?"
Aoi: "You bought tea for me at school."
Shuma: "What? Don't worry about that."
Aoi: "Ah, w-we'll keep it even. We're in an alliance! It's not friendship."
Shuma: "Haha. Yeah, yeah. Thank you!"
Aoi: "...*Sigh*. You're really difficult to deal with. Like, you throw me off. Suddenly you get arrogant and then stupid after."
Shuma: "I'm doing everything one can."
Aoi: "As for friendship, what happened to the dog? Mari."
Shuma: "She's out with her friend."
Aoi: "Oh, I see. That werewolf has a friend."
Shuma: "She's safer than vampires, isn't she?"
Aoi: "As long as you or the bat woman didn't turn her into a vampire. Still, that werewolf is weak, so no trouble I guess."
Shuma: "What's that? Mari will never attack humans. And she's taken to her friend pretty well."
Aoi: "Unlike me?"
Shuma: "It's about time for you to be friendly."
Aoi: "Not enough tomato juice? I won't give you my blood."
*Really, she's not nice at all!*
Aoi: "Well, don't worry. I really hated you the other day. But not now. It's not easy to get along with you, but you being stupid helps."
Shuma: "Yeah, yeah. Damn it, every one of you is calling me stupid or creepy or whatever you want."
Aoi: "You are human, right? Then, I'm your friend for the time being."
Aoi: "...Oh, no, I cooperate with you."
Shuma: "Yeah, yeah. I hope you won't hunt me after everything is done, if possible."
Aoi: "That depends on you."
*A woman who hates vampires. A girl who hates humans. A lady who doesn't particularly care about either. These are the various females around me.*
*At one point, I was at my wits' end, but come to think of it, for this reason I was soothed by Mari. She's been growing.*
*If Aoi and I, and even Calen, can understand each other, I might be able to accept becoming a vampire.*
*For that reason, it would be better for this case to be solved as quickly as possible.*
Aoi: "Okay. Let's go in that direction next. I feel we exhausted our search in the commercial building area over there last time."
Shuma: "Alright!"
Aoi: "I will find you today, Lycoris!"
Aoi: "I will make you return...my important friend to me, you vampire!"
*I really don't understand you at all, Master.*
Mari: "And in spite of being a vampire, Master wakes up early every morning faithfully, opens the curtains, and willingly bathes in the sunlight. So brainless."
Kaede: "Ah, that's really like him. I can see that."
*He's brainlessly foolish, optimistic and yet petty.*
*He backs up mere humans. I understand that he was originally a human, but he doesn't even feel glad that he's now simply stronger than them.*
*As soon as he becomes more vampire-like, he overextends himself to stop it.*
Mari: "For that reason! Anyway, Master is stupid and troubling."
*Being indebted to His Lordship also, I felt it's my duty to serve him but...*
*If Master says, "Isn't this better?" and smiles at me, I, the maid have, nothing to say.*
*Oh-no, really! How come I feel that I cannot leave him alone?!*
*...Oh-no, really. I don't understand him. I really don't. What's wrong with him being self-important, because he is important actually!*
Kaede: "Hahaha. Certainly, Big Brother has a kind of fun or dumb part."
*Speaking of being impossible to understand, Kaede-san is too. How come I end up being like this with her?*
*His Lordship ceases to exist, and Shuma Embroche becomes my new master. But as Lady Pumila starts things up to kill time, we have to escape to Japan.*
*Once in Japan, her pursuer meddles in this and that. We must deal with it somehow.*
*In the process, many humans fall victim. It suits us. It suits me personally, too. All humans should be devoured.*
*But! Why do I go out and play with Kaede-san who is human?!*
*I haven't been particularly friendly to her. She's Master's acquaintance and I'm his maid, so we've kept our relationship to being neighbors. Both of us!*
*I know there are good ones among humans. But that's not the issue here.*
Kaede: "Vampires..."
Mari: "Do they frighten you?"
Kaede: "Er...yeah, to be honest, haha."
Kaede: "Ah, but but! Big Brother IS different!"
Mari: "Big Brother LOVE?"
Kaede: "Not like that. To me, he's a gentle young man in my neighborhood."
Kaede: "Recently, he sometimes becomes very scary...but I have many memories of gentle Big Brother."
*A neighbor. She's spent far more time with him than me.*
*I can't help being afraid of that point.*
Kaede: "How about you? Aren't you afraid of Big Brother?"
Mari: "Hah. Whether I'm afraid or not, it would be a problem if he doesn't become more scary, as far as I'm concerned..."
Kaede: "Oh, no...that's not good for me. Hahaha."
*But...I've had fun after school.*
*Today, she showed me the biology club room. After, we went out to town. We did a little shopping together. We chatted idly to hide a little uneasiness.*
*It's not because I saw various animals or bought good stuff or anything like that...*
*I enjoyed it because I was with her.*
*Oh! No!*
*How troublesome!*
Kaede: "Well, Mari-chan. By the way..."
Mari: "Yes, what is it?"
Kaede: "What are we going to do now? Actually, I want to visit your place 'cause it's been a while... Ah, maybe you'll come to my house?"
Mari: "Ah. Er...that."
Mari: "It's a m-mess! So today is...not good. As a maid, I cannot show a messy house!"
Kaede: "Mm, I see. Mari-chan, you are earnest. Then, come to my house! Let's buy cakes!"
*Why do I feel sad each time I become awkward like this?*
*If Master had become a vampire with no qualms or quibbles, this wouldn't have happened to me, either.*
Kaede: "We really stopped a lot along the way."
Mari: "Yes, we did. It's almost night. Kaede-san, you really have to go home quickly. It's dangerous."
Kaede: "Y-yeah, you are right...*sigh*. It'll have to be next time to invite you to my home."
Kaede: "I wonder If I'll get attacked again..."
Mari: "Very likely. Because you are very close to Master."
Mari: "And if Lycoris-san gets stronger and more powerful than Master, there's a possibility he may not be able to release you from her control any more."
Kaede: "If so, I will be manipulated and keep hurting Big Brother."
Mari: "The Embroche blood is not that weak, but it is possible to be outpushed by pure total power."
Kaede: "I see..."
*Kaede-san is trembling a little.*
Mari: "Are you afraid?"
Kaede: "Haha. She looks exactly like a human, so it really doesn't click with me but..."
Kaede: "I'm scared."
Mari: "Do not worry!"
Mari: "I'm with you!"
*What I don't understand the most is myself, truly!*
Kaede: "...Thank you."
Kaede: "Mari-chan...you are human, aren't you?"
Mari: "Yes, I am!"
*A-ah, don't lie to her! But I must lie now because I am supposed to be a human, but we never said it definitely, well, hmm...*
*Oh, no, really! It's all Master's fault!*
Kaede: "...What?"
Mari: "Ah, w-what happened?! Did you forget something!"
Kaede: "N-no. Not that...just I think it's quiet."
Mari: "...Well, if you put it that way. Ah."
*Early! I was careless. I didn't expect she would show up so soon.*
*On top of that, she's targeted us like this!*
Lycoris: "Yeahaaaah!!"
Kaede: "*Shriek*?!"
Mari: "Kaede-san!!"
*I push Kaede-san down to protect her from Lycoris-san who drops in out of nowhere!*
Kaede: "Why me again?!"
*Truly!!*
Mari: "You are really insistent, Lycoris-san! Do you want to be punished by my master again?!"
Lycoris: "Hahahaha. That master himself is not here. Now is my chance, I say!"
Mari: "Why? Light is still here!"
Lycoris: "It'll be night soon. See, you cannot see the sun any longer, either. I cleared out all the people, too."
*Honestly, the acts of this person called Lycoris are so disjointed. We can't even guess when and where she'll show up.*
*I can't think of any reason why she's here now. We must be unlucky.*
*Wait...that's right. Lady Pumila has been manipulating her behind the scenes, so this is how it happens.*
Kaede: "M-Mari-chan...am I going crazy again? Does she make me crazy...?"
Mari: "Kaede-san..."
*She must not remember what she did while being under control. But it is certain she's frightened.*
Lycoris: "Well...I was lucky, I say. I can hardly believe I found you, Mari, I think, away from him. With you, Shuma Embroche wouldn't know what to do!"
Mari: "I'm a maid of the Embroche family. I will not have my body taken over by the Pumila family or their lackey."
Lycoris: "Yes, yes. Once you're bitten, your option will change quickly so it's alright, I say. And, this is the third time for Kaede-chan over there."
Lycoris: "Her body is loosened up and it's just in the right condition."
Kaede: "Eek!"
Lycoris: "So!"
Mari: "Kaede-san, we'll run!!"
Lycoris: "Do you think you can escape, I say?!"
*I jump and avoid the swinging scythe while defending Kaede-san. But I don't have a way to escape this situation!*
Kaede: "Ma-Mari-chan...!"
*The enemy knows that, too. As if to say "let's start with Kaede", she closes in on her.*
*Kaede-san's fear shakes her body and it becomes obvious to everyone.*
Kaede: "...Help me."
Lycoris: "Itadakimasu, I say!!"
Kaede: "Help me, Big Brother!!"
*Sudden appearance, sudden attack. My mind cannot catch up with it.*
*At least my body reacts.*
Mari: "Wawoof!!"
*I transform myself and run!*
Lycoris: "What are you trying to do now?!"
Mari: "You...go away!!"
Lycoris: "That's my line! I say!!"
Mari: "Wawoof?!"
Kaede: "Eh, d-dog...no, Mari-chan...e-eh, eeeeh?!"
Lycoris: "You maid, don't get in my way, I say! I can fix things once I bite you, when I bite both of you together!!"
*As a "werewolf", I stand in her way.*
*Weakness is nothing but an excuse! At least, I have to take one blow!*
Mari: "...Ugh!!"
Lycoris: "Oh, oh. She really did it."
Kaede: "......"
*Magic claws have certainly blocked the scythe.*
*However...*
*But...!!*
Mari: "Kaede-san."
Kaede: "...?!"
Mari: "Run away, please! Quickly to a place where houses or people are!!"
Kaede: "Eh? Bu-but, Mari-cha...eh? No."
Kaede: "Mari-chan, you're not huma―"
Mari: "Go now!!"
Kaede: "...Eek?!"
*Ah, all this while...*
*What have I been protecting a human for? It's perfectly fine to let Lycoris-san bite her and make Master suck her blood, isn't it?*
*What am I doing?!*
Kaede: "......!!!"
*Kaede-san has run away.*
*...It's alright, now.*
Lycoris: "Ah, she's gone. I guess it's okay, I say, as long as I can control you at least."
Lycoris: "Well then. Brace yourself, I say."
Mari: "......!!"
*"She looks exactly like a human, so it really doesn't click with me", she said. I cannot make an excuse.*
*I left Aoi before sunset.*
*After this, we act alone. As for me, I want to work together at night, but we decided to go our separate ways to give priority to searching for victims.*
*Then, once I'm home...*
Mari: "Argh...exhausted..."
*I find Mari sulking for some reason.*
Shuma: "H-hey, what happened, Mari? Were you dumped?"
Mari: "Yes, I was dumped. Leave me alone, grrrrr!"
Calen: "Truly, she has been like this since we were back home."
Shuma: "H-hey, Mari?"
Mari: "Wat yu wan?"
*She's extremely sulky.*
Shuma: "Something happened with Kaede?"
Mari: "...We were attacked by Lycoris-san."
Shuma: "Huh? Really?! How is Kaede? Were you alright?!"
Mari: "Lady Calen happened to pass by and helped me. I'm fine."
Calen: "She cannot clear me out like humans."
Shuma: "So Kaede was attacked again. Unlucky... How late were you together?"
Mari: "Evening! We were a little late and about to go home."
*Huh? But why did Mari get sulky for this?*
Shuma: "You, can't be."
Mari: "Kaede-san knows you two are vampires but she didn't know about me."
*This is why she's so sulky.*
Shuma: "So you've been hiding it all this time, just as I thought."
Mari: "Why would I would chatter about it?"
Shuma: "I meant if you were concerned about that."
Mari: "That is...of course in my own way."
Mari: "Neighborhood relationship! It would be awkward, wouldn't it?"
Mari: "See, I don't have a long relationship with her like you Master! Neither Kaede-san nor I are very social, and we're just getting to know each other."
Mari: "So, well, I mean..."
Mari: "I hate humans! *Cry*!"
Shuma: "Oh no. Don't cry, don't cry, idiot! Calm down!"
*Well, a toy, a toy. Oh, this will do. Huh? Do we have this one?*
Shuma: "See Mari, a toy, a toy. A bell in a ball, it's fun. I'm gonna throw it, here it goes! Bring it back, Mari!"
Mari: "*Snub*."
*Ugh, it doesn't work!*
Mari: "But, aaaah, that ball, bow-wow, bow-wow!!"
*She took the bait.*
Shuma: "Yeah, that ball! I don't know it. Did you buy it today?"
*For that, it looks really damaged and used a lot.*
Mari: "...*Sniff sniff*. *Sob*, it smells like Kaede-san."
Shuma: " 'Biology Club' is written in magic marker on it. Did she give you this today?"
Mari: "Well, yes. She gave me this worn-out ball as a memento. Hmph, so petty."
*She must've been staring at it with a greedy look.*
Shuma: "Er, so. Lycoris attacked and you turned into a werewolf, showed your claws, ears and tail to protect Kaede, then Kaede got scared and ran away?"
Calen: "Well, it must have been something like that."
Mari: "Boo..."
*For Mari, turning into a werewolf has a different meaning from showing her ears and tail when she's simply surprised or relaxed.*
*Bristled fur, a roar, and claws. The hands, which reveal a person's work or level of reason and culture, now have a magical glow and show some kind of beastliness instead.*
*Something like "hunting instincts" as a wolf are oozing out. Like the vampire instincts of Lycoris and Calen.*
*...Kaede has been afraid. For this reason, she asked Mari to go out with her. Kaede, in that condition, witnessed Mari's transformation...*
Shuma: "*Sigh*. Nothing can be done about it. Though, I'm hungry and will have to walk around late at night again..."
Mari: "I'll come with you."
Shuma: "You were attacked by Lycoris, weren't you?"
Mari: "Unless I have broken bones or something, I'll be cured soon. I'm already in the best condition."
Shuma: "But."
Mari: "I said I will come with you! Grrrrrrrrr!"
*She threatens me.*
Shuma: "So how about dinner?"
Mari: "Argh, I forgot. I, of all maids... I'm sorry, I'm going to make it, I'm gonna make it now!"
*Serious case! She isn't able to keep her mouth shut, but house chores were perfect.*
Mari: "Ugh, it hurts, it hurts, my back hurts."
Shuma: "Lie down, you'll be better soon right?"
Mari: "Yezz."
Shuma: "My lady, how's it going with homemaker training?"
Calen: "I shall treat you to the taste of our traditional Racronia."
*The lady is unexpectedly worldly.*
Mari: "Eh, what, Master? Hey, don't steal work from your maid. I will make it soon."
Shuma: "I'm partially responsible for your attack. Lie there quietly!"
Mari: "...Boo. Boo, boo, boo."
*Considering her current feeling, I understand why she complains. But I cannot tell heart-broken Mari to cook.*
*Yeah. Probably because I was talking with Aoi, I'm pretty sure.*
Calen: "Well, what shall I do, Shuma-san. As I, a daughter of the Officinalis stand in the kitchen, I shall not cook perfunctory dishes!"
Shuma: "Look in the fridge."
Calen: "Oh dear, my motivation is lost completely. I will be watching television, so I shall leave the rest to you."
Shuma: "Why not cook with what you have?! That is homemaker training!"
Calen: "As if you had any intention of accepting me as your bride♪"
*For the time being, I take out tomato ketchup and think...delicious, super delicious.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*. It would be easier if Mari could have a clear-cut attitude like you."
Calen: "Well, do you think I have a clear-cut attitude? I grew up in such a world. You cannot compare us."
*Calen, who can say "I am your fiancee" and "I will marry you", looks old-fashioned to me but I can feel strength in her words that love can grow after marriage.*
*In that respect, Mari is, I wonder what. It's certain she still has something like hope. Otherwise, she wouldn't have become sulky.*
*...I'm at a loss.*
Aoi: "...Where's Lycoris?"
Aoi: "*Sigh*... I'm lonely. It's not worth being her friend."
Aoi: "I thought I would find her there once that place quieted down. But there's hardly any traffic around to begin with."
Aoi: "...Think. I must help my friend. Think!"
Aoi: "Their purpose is to bring back Shuma."
Aoi: "For that, occasionally they show up in town and attack people...eh?"
Aoi: "E-eh? W-what's this...?"
Aoi: "What in the world...? Something is being done to me...? Damn..."
Aoi: "No...I can't lose consciousness in a place like this...what's happen..."
Aoi: "Eh...? W-what happened?"
Girl: "......"
Aoi: "G-girl? She wasn't here a second ago? What happened? Lycoris? Is that you Lycoris?!"
Aoi: "Lycoris! How long will you keep doing this! I know you are here!"
*......*
Aoi: "Lycoris!!"
Lycoris: "What is this? Really. You're stupidly calling my name again and again as if I were your pet dog, I say."
Aoi: "So you did it!"
Lycoris: "Huh? First you were calling my name like stupid, and now what are you saying out of the blue, I say?"
Aoi: "Don't play dumb! You're the one who attacked this girl, aren't you?!"
Lycoris: "Huh? Well, prey is conveniently on the ground. Did you prepare her for me, Aoi? You're frightened by my power and ready to obey me, I say."
Aoi: "Cut it out ! YOU are the one who attacked her! I won't forgive you!"
Lycoris: "Hmm? I'm an errand girl too, but I wouldn't get manipulated unconsciously... Still, we are kind of the same, I guess."
Aoi: "I'm gonna stop you this time!"
Lycoris: "Hmph! I don't know what's going on but if you say you'll do it, I don't mind. I'm the one to stop you, I say...your breath, Aoi!"
Aoi: "Waaagh!"
Aoi: "What?! Damn, another one?!"
Lycoris: "Now. Welcome it. Aoi. I'm looking forward to seeing how you stop me, I say!"
Ephemera: "~~~!!"
Aoi: "Damn, two to one, disadvantage. But I cannot let Lycoris attack any more... I will do it!"
Lycoris: "Ephemera-chan. Down with her, I say!"
**
**
*I finish running the distance I planned, and stop to take a rest at a spot next to the river.*
Shuma: "*Sigh*..."
Lotus: "What's wrong? Usually, you start your training with hardly taking a break."
*Actually, I planned to sit in zen meditation as soon as I arrived here, but I don't feel like doing it so I'm just sitting here.*
Lotus: "About Maritima?"
Shuma: "...?!"
*Unintentionally, I let the water bottle, which I am holding up to drink from, slip from my grasp and almost splash water all over my head.*
Lotus: "I guessed right?"
Shuma: "Shut up. But, yeah...you were right..."
*Mari didn't come with me. She might be still sulking, or the wounds she suffered from Lycoris might be still hurting, or maybe both.*
Lotus: "Are you worried?"
Shuma: "Yeah..."
*Is Mari alright? It's not a bad thing that she was sulking because it means she can still have something like hope.*
*But seeing her like this makes me strangely nervous.*
Shuma: "Gooo..."
Lotus: "What, what? What's that groan? If a cute loli girl does it, she looks cute but you, YOU are not cute at all."
*You say your son isn't cute... You're a shit dad.*
Shuma: "......Ah, no!"
*I have pent-up feelings and cannot be still! I quickly stand up.*
Lotus: "Ah. Image training?"
Shuma: "I don't feel like it. I'll run a bit more."
*With these feelings inside, it's impossible to do image training. If I relax, my mind will be filled with thoughts of Mari.*
Shuma: "Damn!"
*With this pent-up shout, I put strength into my legs again and start to run.*
*................*
Shuma: "I run too much. The sun is high. The sky is bright. Hard, *wheeze wheeze*..."
Mari: "...*Sneak sneak sneak*."
Shuma: "Hey, Mari. I didn't see Kaede this morning...haa, haa..."
Mari: "I didn't ask for your report! Here's a towel! Go and take a shower quickly, please!"
Shuma: "Before that, blood, blooooooood."
Mari: "Ah?! Oh no, idiot...!"
**Gasp*!*
*After all, I ran by myself this morning. Mari didn't come with me as expected.*
Calen: "Really, you seem to be sucking Mari-san's blood every morning these days."
Shuma: "I'm tired. Every night I search for Lycoris but I can rarely find her, and by the time I'm back, it's 3 am."
Shuma: "Then, I sleep a little and jog. No wonder I can't stop losing life force."
Calen: "Mari-san's blood has hardly enough life force. And you have already tasted human girls' blood."
Shuma: "But Mari's blood is tasty."
Calen: "Well, now you are aware."
Shuma: "Oh no, did I say something arrogant again?!"
*Still, it's certain that Mari's life force tastes first-rate thanks to the ring. I have to be careful about the arrogant attitude, but I can't stay away from her blood.*
*To begin with, I don't need to refrain from it because it's necessary. Mari's blood is the best for me to achieve my goals.*
Calen: "So? Have you succeeded in turning anyone into your familiar yet?"
Shuma: "Don't say such a scary thing. I haven't awakened that much. I will be hunted by Aoi."
Calen: "Oh, I see. Aoi-san is your first!"
Shuma: "Damn, you're chattering a little too much. Here, Calen, morning sun, morning sun, the sky is super beautiful."
Calen: "Ah, bright, sleepy, falling aslee...*zzz*..."
*Good, she's quiet.*
Mari: "Master, Lady Calen. Breakfast is ready. Hey, grub, grub's ready, time to wake up, country bumpkin!"
Calen: "*Mumble mumble*..."
*Here I go.*
Shuma: "Oh? Come to think of it, Mari, you're still in your maid clothes."
Mari: "Are you telling me to wear my school uniform?"
Shuma: "Are you not going to school today?"
Mari: "*Sulking*."
Shuma: "Don't want to go?"
Mari: "It's not like that..."
Mari: "Anyway. Master, you're really calming down now! And without me, you have Lady Calen!"
Mari: "So I really don't need to go anymore!"
Shuma: "It's not your fault. Cheer up."
Mari: "I'm cheerful."
*So, Mari-chan plays hooky today.*
*...Hmm, what am I going to do?*
Calen: "Well, to walk alone like this with you, Shuma-san, it has been a long time. Or maybe this is the first time?"
Shuma: "Right. Mari is always with us. *Sigh*, it somehow hurts me to see her depressed."
Calen: "In that case, shall I make her forget?"
Shuma: "That would not do. Only the same kind of thing will happen again."
Shuma: "...Hey. Calen, what is your opinion of this kind of thing?"
Calen: "If I frighten them, it is faster to control them than make them understand me. All times and places, humans are the same, are they not?"
Calen: "Therefore, it is natural for us vampires with the power to 'control' to rule over humans. It is less trouble and much easier."
Calen: "I am not good at minor details as I told you♪"
*Amazing this girl. She explains the reason why vampires are strong by saying it's because vampires are lazy.*
Calen: "In the first place, Shuma-san, you are not right, either. Nothing goes well between a human and a werewolf. And you are at your wits' end worrying about a mere maid. It is unnecessary."
Shuma: "Mari herself says it, so it's troubling."
Calen: "Anyway, if you want it to be solved, giving her some time is the best."
Shuma: "If I'm waiting for it, she'll be more stubborn."
Calen: "Then, the person in question has to make her own move."
Shuma: "Don't you quarrel with Sakurako?"
Calen: "I would like to do it some day."
Calen: "Anyway. If you are concerned about her, you should look after Mari-san carefully."
Calen: "Survival power of werewolves is unquestionable but it is taxing also. And Mari-san is still a child."
Calen: "Both her body and soul!"
Shuma: "Okay. But I didn't expect you would say something like that. You are the one who said she's a mere maid."
Calen: "Shuma-san, as a progenitor, you are not supposed to worry about others. That would suggest concession and go against the controlling nature of vampires."
Calen: "However. How could you call yourself human if you are not able to support a mere maid?"
Shuma: "...I really don't understand which side you stand for."
Calen: "If you were to venture an opinion?"
Shuma: "Really nice girl."
Calen: "*Pissed*, that is hardly a correct evaluation to give your fiancee!"
Lotus: "At any rate, while you say you are worried about Maritima, don't you say anything to her?"
*Well, I don't know what to say...*
*Oh, no. There are so many things to think about and my head seems to get confused. About Lycoris, and about Mari, and Kaede, and I have to deal with Iris to begin with...*
Shuma: "*Sigh*..."
*I have so many worries that my brain feels like exploding.*
Lotus: "Once you awaken as a progenitor, everyone thinks and acts as you wish. But Shuma, you'd rather worry. Is that your proof to be a human?"
*Still, I strongly think it is more important to reach necessary goals than to remain human.*
*In order to stop Lycoris and deal with Iris. For that, I won't hesitate to suck Mari's blood.*
*But about Mari and Kaede...what can I do for them? Of course I want them to get along.*
Shuma: "Worry, really so? I wonder..."
Sakurako: "Shuma looks unusually fussy. Today he doesn't look stupid."
Shuma: "Hey, who do you think I am? I'm gonna switch your mayonnaise with mustard."
Sakurako: "Then in that case, let's switch it with your ketchup, Shuma. Indirect kiss!"
Shuma: "No way! I won't give this to you!!"
*No, I don't care about Sakurako. The issue at hand is about Mari and Kaede. Really, what happened between them...?*
Lotus: "When I see a worried young man, I feel bittersweet emotions coming up. I never experienced it when I still had my body. I think the best thing is to do as you wish."
*Right...that's right. If I have time to worry, make a move!*
Sakurako: "What?!"
Aoi: "...?"
Calen: "Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "...Ah! It hurts..."
Calen: "What is this all of a sudden?"
Shuma: "It hurts...ah, well, I think I felt a bug."
Sakurako: "What? A bug? Don't startle me!"
Aoi: "A vampire freaking out over a bug. Lame."
Shuma: "Shut up."
Sakurako: "What's come over you? Boring. Aoi, let's play."
Aoi: "What? You have bat woman."
Calen: "*Zzzzzz*...!"
Sakurako: "She's sleeping. Let's play, let's play, let's play!"
Aoi: "But she was up a second ago! That slap noise woke her up for only a second?!"
*They were suspicious but I become psyched. I will do what I want to. And that is to bring Mari back to her usual self.*
*For that purpose, I ask Kaede questions. Of course, it's a delicate matter so it's difficult to question her in a straightforward manner.*
*After lunch, I bump into Kaede in the corridor by chance.*
Kaede: "...Ah, B-big Brother!"
Shuma: "Hey, Kaede! Well, are you well?"
Kaede: "I am not...well."
Shuma: "Good you are honest. What happened yesterday?"
*I was thinking I should not be too forward! But when the time came, I got confused...*
Lotus: "Well, your resolution is good, but you'd better use your head a little more. Even though you are my son, that was unspeakably stupid."
*He is really calling me stupid. It can't be helped if he calls me that, though.*
Kaede: "Ah...! E-er, that... Didn't you hear it from Mari-chan?"
*Oh, good. I thought she might avoid the question. Now I can continue the conversation...*
Shuma: "She is sulking."
Kaede: "...I see."
Shuma: "If you don't want to talk, it's okay. I'm just a bit worried."
Kaede: "Yes, it's natural for you to say so. Well, the person...Lycoris? She attacked us."
Shuma: "Ah, that's it! Kaede, did you get hurt? Were you alright?"
Kaede: "Y-yeah. I was perfectly alright. But..."
Shuma: "But?"
Kaede: "...really scary. I...!"
Shuma: "...Mm. I understand."
Kaede: "But...you know, Mari-chan..."
*Here comes Mari.*
Kaede: "Mari-chan defended me but...but it was hopeless..."
Kaede: "Then, Mari-chan...Mari-chan...!"
Kaede: "Mari-chan...even though she was saying she was not like 'that', she was...!"
*She was lying...*
Kaede: "That time, Mari-chan...!"
*Her face is all red... She must have been pretty scared?*
Shuma: "Sorry, Kaede. I've reminded you of a terrible thing. You don't need to talk about it anymore. So don't look like you are about to cry."
Kaede: "Ah, no, that's not it, my face is red because, well, no no I'm not about to cry or anything like that...!"
Kaede: "I'm the one to say sorry! You are worried about me, but I can't explain it well..."
Kaede: "...~~~~..."
*Kaede looks down with her face all red.*
*I was careless and insensitive. She was attacked yesterday.*
Shuma: "Thank you for talking to me."
Kaede: "Yeah...next time, I'll go home before evening."
Kaede: "...Well, then!!"
Shuma: "......"
*Without waiting for my reply, she runs across the corridor and is gone.*
*................*
Teacher: "Er, I talked about this before, but especially for female students. We have various rumors about a suspicious person in the area, so refrain from staying out late at night."
Teacher: "And recently, the school security officers on patrol have reported cases where students are being taken out against their will by their friends. Please be considerate of others..."
*But when I look back like this...*
*Mari is always protecting someone.*
*And...*
*Kaede has not been afraid of me since she knew I was a vampire.*
Shuma: "Still, it's better for Aoi to work with us, isn't it? Right, Mari?"
*The search ends in failure again and we decide to return home at once.*
Mari: "...Eh? Y-yes."
Calen: "Mari-san? What is the matter?"
Mari: "Eh...? What is it?"
*On our way back, we meet Calen and Sakurako so we join them. Don't they remember the teacher just warned us about staying out late at night?*
*And I asked Aoi to join our search after school but she refused as I expected.*
*So I use it as a topic and talk to Mari, but I'm not getting a reply and feel depressed.*
Mari: "......"
Calen: "What is the matter? Usually you are so irritating that it irritates me, but now you are like a borrowed cat."
Mari: "...I am not a cat!"
*Hmm. She's obviously depressed.*
*I thought she might be cheered up if she talked with Calen, and I took a step back, but that seems not to be happening.*
*Wondering what to do, I walk side by side with Sakurako who was behind Mari and give the outline of the incident as a parable, while hiding details.*
Sakurako: "Really, you worry about such weird things. Are you still not right in the head?"
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
*Then I get an opinion that sounds exactly like Sakurako. What I need is a friend.*
Sakurako: "Because in the past you never worried about that stuff. Don't you remember? When you started hanging out with me."
Shuma: "Like boyfriend and girlfriend...er, whatever it was?"
Sakurako: "Yeah, like that! You were just naturally saying you can't remember little things. That's what I'm talking about."
Sakurako: "Soon after we moved up a year and classes were changed, I fought with my father and kind of ran away."
Shuma: "...Ah. Yeah, yeah, I remember!"
Sakurako: "That time you let me stay at your home. Really, sorry for burdening you, one who was in the same class but you hardly knew. I caused you trouble."
Shuma: "That's okay. Mom welcomed you too."
Sakurako: "And, we were not really close, but you listened to my story and went between me and my father. That made me love you."
Shuma: "Hahaha, I'm such a cool guy."
Sakurako: "Well, as the opposite sex, you're stupid and boneheaded and honestly like, 'spare me'."
*Hey, I'm gonna mesmerize you!*
Shuma: "But, right. I remember it now."
*I'll write it down in my notebook when I get home.*
Calen: "Oh, Mari-san? What is wrong?"
*...Huh?*
Mari: "...A-ah?"
Calen: "Oh dear, Shuma-san, you did not listen to my advice♪"
*As I look ahead, Calen is holding Mari.*
*What? What happened?!*
Shuma: "Mari?!"
Mari: "Ah, Master..."
*Her face is red. I put my hand on her forehead...hot.*
Shuma: "Did you catch a cold?"
Mari: "Wafooon..."
*Her eyes look heavy and her breathing is a little rough. She seems to be having a hard time.*
*...Again, I'm full of myself and I didn't notice it even though Calen just advised me!*
Shuma: "Sorry, Mari! You're having a hard time but I made you come with me."
Mari: "Yes, it's alright. I am fine..."
Shuma: "Look at you. You stay home and sleep, alright?"
Mari: "No, I'll help..."
Shuma: "No. We'll go home for the time being!"
Calen: "It seems to be better. There, your body feels as if it were burning, Mari-san."
Calen: "And the reason why we have stayed out this late comes from my falling asleep in a massage chair in the electronics shop."
*The lady is really free and easy.*
Sakurako: "Are you alright, Mari-chan? You were absent from school. You'd better take it easy."
Mari: "But..."
Shuma: "Don't be selfish. Thank you everyone. That's it. Let's go, Mari."
Mari: "Ooo, ooo ooo."
*Such being the case, Mari and I go home alone.*
Mari: "Phew... Once I sat down to rest, I started feeling worse."
Shuma: "Say something from the start. Ah, but that's okay, here."
Mari: "Eh?"
Shuma: "On my back."
Mari: "I-it's not right. I'm a maid..."
Shuma: "I'm a man. Quickly, it's an order from your master."
Mari: "...If you say it's an order...yes."
*A park at night. We cannot fight if Lycoris attacks us. There are people around us. We're safe.*
*Well, I'm feeling pretty embarrassed but it doesn't matter right now.*
Mari: "Phew... It's comfortable to be piggybacked."
Shuma: "But it's a surprise that you caught a cold. The strain must have taken a toll on you."
Mari: "Well, even though I have recuperative powers, it's still hard on my body."
*Calen told me exactly that. Really, I'm not very attentive.*
Shuma: "Recently, you've been attacked so many times. You always defended us."
*Sakurako is safe as long as Calen is with her. But I wish Aoi would have come with us.*
*She's eating gyudon (beef bowl) for dinner, rather than being with vampires. The Rubina is more petty than me.*
Mari: "Master..."
Shuma: "You don't need to talk. Go to sleep."
Mari: "I want to talk."
Shuma: "...Don't strain yourself."
*Mari's talk will start. Don't say the wrong thing.*
Mari: "You know. I hate humans."
Shuma: "I know. I've heard this before."
Mari: "I can't imagine I'll ever like them no matter how hard I try..."
*There is a fear between different species. And a tragedy caused by that fear will deepen a gap between them.*
Shuma: "I'm afraid of being a vampire, too. So, actually I'm fighting like this."
Shuma: "So is Kaede. She's come to be afraid of vampires and the danger we bring with us. Nothing we can do about it."
*The gap becomes deeper with further fears. Nothing can be done about it. Every living thing has fears of the unknown and of things that cause tragedies.*
Mari: "...So I hate humans."
Shuma: "Certainly I'm afraid of vampires, but doing my best to accept the vampire in me. As you call it, I'm petty."
Shuma: "Kaede, too, calls me 'Big Brother' as she always has."
Shuma: "Really soothing, you know, to be called 'Big Brother' by Kaede. Even though I don't have such a kink."
Mari: "Hehe, I can see that."
Shuma: "So, vampire, human and werewolf. Don't switch the roles around to interpret that story."
Mari: "It's not so easy. Like it is for you, Master."
Mari: "...Because my papa and mama were killed when I was really small."
Shuma: "Ah...then you were picked up by my mom, weren't you?"
Mari: "That is true, but it had been after some time since they were killed."
Shuma: "Really?"
*Of course, Mom couldn't have just happened to be where the Rubina was hunting werewolves.*
Shuma: "So during that time, you were alone..."
Mari: "Well, I'm a werewolf. Modern society is hard on us."
Mari: "Since then, I lived by myself. A lone wolf, yeah, cool."
Shuma: "How old were you back then? Were you still really small?"
Mari: "But, I am a wolf."
*Hmm, so it's like that.*
Mari: "But I was lonely. I learned the language, so one day I went down to a village."
Mari: "I wanted to be friendly with humans."
*Eh? Your parents were killed by humans?*
Mari: "Humans treat dogs like family members and I can transform into a complete human, so I thought that we could be friends."
Shuma: "Ah, that...well."
Mari: "But they screamed and ran away from me. So I told them it was not my intention and transformed back into a human!"
Mari: "Like, 'Nice to meet you', bow!"
Shuma: "And all you got was bullets."
Mari: "Truly, Japan is like heaven, Racronians have no hesitation. Seriously uncivilized!"
*To people living in Racronia, it might have been a familiar fear. In Japan it's like a ghost or monster.*
Mari: "Arrgh, now I got excited. I feel dizzy..."
Shuma: "Really! I will hear the rest at home. After you lie down on the bed!"
Mari: "No. I'm gonna talk."
*Oh, Mari said something selfish.*
Mari: "Wolves on the side of hunting became hunted down by humans. Law of the jungle. The food chain. They almost killed me even though I'm not edible."
Mari: "Since then, I've hated humans."
Mari: "And since I knew why I was alone, I've hated the Rubina."
*That...*
Mari: "There are no borders for werewolves. It's only humans and vampires who think it's a vampire's country."
Shuma: "Ah, that kind of organization Aoi is in. Did they hunt you, too?"
Mari: "Yes."
Shuma: "...And?"
Mari: "I was afraid of humans and fled to a cold mountain, where I became weak. I got injured and wasted away. Just like now. So I remembered it all."
Mari: "I thought, 'Ah, I'm going to finish soon.' But then I saw a different human. Not an ordinary human."
Mari: "Clearly a human, not a vampire but a very strong and vampire-scented woman."
Shuma: "That was...my mother?"
Mari: "Yes. That was Lady Embroche. The lady I met was very beautiful. Gentle, warm and like my mama..."
Mari: "Then I was under her protection...under the Embroche family."
Lotus: "Ah, that's right. I remember the time Maritima arrived. Your mother brought her. I smelled a cute loli girl and jumped up to welcome her."
*Hmm. A certifiable lolicon. He knows them from the smell.*
Mari: "I don't know why she was in that castle. But they let me stay there."
Mari: "I worked as a maid under His Lordship."
Shuma: "I see...that's how it happened."
*If only her parents had been killed, she would have hated just the Rubina. But those who refused an innocent Mari were undoubtedly ordinary humans, even though they did it because of their culture.*
*Humans are afraid of vampires and werewolves, and werewolves loathe humans... I feel as if such a sorrowful gap lay wide open before me.*
Mari: "Is this what you imagined?"
Shuma: "In some way... Wishful feelings that it would have been different are stronger, though."
Mari: "The world is like that."
*But, because of it, light is in front of us.*
Shuma: "I respect you, Mari."
Mari: "...Y-yes?!"
Shuma: "You were nearly killed by humans, but you properly protected Kaede, an outsider. You covered her."
*That's a respectable change in Mari.*
Mari: "Master, you, too, have a lot of hard times with vampires."
Shuma: "I'm a vampire, right? You can't say that. You're trying to make me awaken."
Shuma: "Let's check the answers. Did I make any mistakes?"
Mari: "I almost forgot you are a vampire."
Shuma: "I'm one of the humans you really hate."
Mari: "Master is okay, I don't hate you."
Mari: "As for humans, I'm scared of them."
*Mari adjusts her arms around me.*
*I've felt she is embracing me.*
Mari: "...*Yawn*...I'm stupid after all. I cannot talk about others. I talked too much and feel exhausted."
Shuma: "I told you not to strain yourself. Rest now."
*Ah, I see. I'm a human and a vampire. Mari is a wolf and a human. We're similar.*
*That's why I feel soothed and relieved when I see Mari and Kaede together.*
*I really want these two to make peace.*
*...While trying not to succumb to the fear of being a vampire, I want to retain humanity.*
*But I'm the cause of all these incidents. I cannot be at a standstill because of my personal and emotional reasons. I must fight courageously even if it means I'll be a vampire.*
*If Mari has to face humans as I have to face vampires, I want to support her.*
*I want to protect the bond between Mari and Kaede.*
Shuma: "And, thank you."
Mari: "...It's alright. I've heard Master's petty feelings before. It's a draw."
Shuma: "You talk like Aoi, hahaha."
*When Mari asked me if she could go out and play, she made me so happy that it surprised me.*
Lycoris: "Hahaha, that Aoi has something to tell you, I say."
Shuma: "――...!"
*A sudden and familiar voice makes me jump back immediately after that!*
*A pair of daggers cut through the air.*
Aoi: "――――――"
*What? What Happened? I heard Lycoris, but it was Aoi who attacked me...*
Shuma: "Wha-what does this mean, Aoi?!"
Lycoris: "It's me, here, here. Behind you!"
Shuma: "Ah, behind me."
*There she is.*
Shuma: "But, so what is this?!"
*It doesn't explain anything!*
Lycoris: "It's a coincidence, just a coincidence, I say. I happened to capture Aoi and I happened to meet you two, something like that."
Shuma: "What nonsense! Aoi was at school today as usual and I had no contact from her after... She couldn't have been attacked by you!"
Shuma: "Even if she had been, Aoi would never lose...!"
Aoi: "――――――"
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
Lycoris: "Well, I did wait and see. For some time!"
*Aoi talked to us normally during the daytime. But victims preyed upon by them tend to be normal during the day.*
*It can't be that she's been controlled by Lycoris since yesterday...*
*More important than that, now about Mari!*
Mari: "Master...!"
Shuma: "Mari, run away. Can you run?"
Mari: "...If I turn into a werewolf."
Shuma: "Then do so. I'll take care of you as much as I can and buy you toys, so run home even if it's a strain."
Mari: "Eh, but...!"
Shuma: "After the story, I don't want to use my eyes. So please, Mari!"
Mari: "...Yes."
Lycoris: "It's always that case, but don't let them run away, I say! Aoi, down with him!"
Aoi: "――――!"
Shuma: "Aoi, don't move!!"
Aoi: "......?!"
Lycoris: "What?! Why...? I'm the one controlling her!!"
*Easy win! Compatibility is totally convenient!*
Shuma: "Lycoris, I'll deal with you directly!!"
Lycoris: "I won't let you, I say!"
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
Mari: "...Master...watch out!"
*Shit, it won't go so easy.*
Aoi: "――――"
Shuma: "Tsk...!"
*Aoi may be drawn back to Lycoris' control. She looks hard at me with hostility.*
Lycoris: "Surprise attack? You're such a coward. Accept a vampire's crushing blow of justice without resisting and come with me, I say!"
Shuma: "Don't be a fool! Bad guys would say 'yes' because you said so?!"
*Heh? From when did justice go to their side? No, it doesn't matter. Now I draw their attention so that they won't attack Mari and we can find a chance to run away!*
Mari: "Master, I will help..."
Shuma: "Don't move!"
Mari: "Ugh...!"
*As I curb Mari who tried to become a werewolf, not to run away but to fight, she stiffens her body behind me.*
Lycoris: "It's perfectly alright if you two come at us, together. There are two of us, too. Still our overwhelming victory is guaranteed!"
Shuma: "What stupid confidence!"
Lycoris: "If you think so, try to defeat us, I say! Aoi!!"
Aoi: "――――!!"
Shuma: "*Groan*...!"
Lycoris: "There, there!"
Shuma: "Whoa!"
Lycoris: "You keep dodging restlessly and it's so annoying! You fruit fly! Crane fly!"
Shuma: "Shut up! You're saying that but in reality you can't hit me, can you?! Because you're swinging such a big thing. Hey stupid, stupid!"
Lycoris: "Grr! I don't want to be called stupid by someone who's stupid! The one who says stupid is stupid, you stupid! Aoi!!"
Aoi: "――――!!"
Shuma: "Whoa!"
Lycoris: "You moron, I say!"
Shuma: "Whoops!"
*I somehow dodge alternate attacks. I'm provoking her, so if only I can find a chance to escape...!*
Mari: "Master!"
Shuma: "Don't worry!"
*I say only that and look into Mari's eyes. Find a chance to escape and become a werewolf, then.*
Mari: "...!"
*Good. She seems to understand me. Her manner, which was ready to venture forward, turns into one that is trying to watch for a chance to escape.*
Lycoris: "Do not think you can dodge forever!"
Aoi: "――――!"
Shuma: "Damn! Hit me if you can!"
Lycoris: "You don't need to say that, I will cut you in half!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Crap...it's seriously hard if they attack me at the same time.*
Lycoris: "Let's corner him together at the same time!"
Aoi: "――――!"
Shuma: "*Groan*...!"
Lycoris: "Now now now! How long will you be able to dodge us?!"
Shuma: "Crap..."
*There may be no way to escape!*
Mari: "...!!"
*At that moment, I see Mari holding back her urge to jump out while watching their attacks closely to find a chance to escape with me.*
Shuma: "Hey, hey, your slow attacks won't hit me! Is that all you've got?! You're joking, right?!"
*For Mari who believes in me and desperately tries to find a chance for escape in spite of her fever, I cannot complain!*
Lycoris: "Grrr!! This is unforgivable! I'm gonna kill you, I say!"
Shuma: "You said that before and got defeated by me!"
*There's no time to summon Deesse Morte. All I can do is keep dodging and bear the attacks. It's alright unless I get fatally wounded! As long as my body is strong enough to run and escape!*
Lotus: "Oh dear. You're really getting desperate. Is it better to ask Maritima for help?"
*Shut up! I cannot expose Mari to any more danger in her condition!*
Lotus: "I feel a strong denial from you. Who did your stubborn nature come from? Your mother?"
Lycoris: "Hey, hey, hey, hey, I say!!"
Aoi: "――――!!!"
**
Shuma: "Ugh...!"
Lycoris: "There, there, there, their attacks are starting to hit you! They're not supposed to hit you, are they?!"
Shuma: "Ha! This is like a mosquito bite! Itchy, itchy!"
Lycoris: "A human will die when he's bitten by many mosquitoes! I will attack you until you die! Aoi, NOW!!"
Aoi: "――――!!!"
Shuma: "Ugh...damn...!"
Lycoris: "Can you still say such stupid things with these attacks, I say?!"
Shuma: "Ha, all you can give are these scratches. Is that scythe a toy?!"
Lycoris: "Grrr! I'm gonna hit now and cut you in half so stop moving like a mouse, I say!"
*Damn, I can't find a chance. But I can't show my weakness. In order to create a chance, I must force her to take greater swings.*
Shuma: "...!"
*However, even though Lycoris is losing her cool, her attacks are careful and take away my space to dodge. Aoi also continues her matter-of-fact attacks.*
Mari: "......"
*Shit. They keep cornering me. Is it impossible to create a chance to escape by provoking Lycoris?*
Lotus: "Hmm. It may not be good. Shuma, you've been attacked too much."
*These are only scratches.*
Lotus: "You might not be aware of it, but you are really covered with blood. Bleeding itself is not the issue, but if you keep moving hard while like this..."
Lotus: "...you will lose your life force rapidly."
Shuma: "...!"
Aoi: "――――!!!"
Lycoris: "You cannot escape or attack me back! I will beat you down and take you with me, I say!"
**
Shuma: "Damn...!"
*Shoot, my body is starting to slow down...*
Lycoris: "Yoohoo!!"
Shuma: "Argh?!"
Mari: "Master?!"
Shuma: "Ow...I'm O-okay, so...!"
*Shit, she found the place to strike the second I slowed down! It went a little deep into my side...blood is gushing out harder than before. My blood, blood, blood...*
Lotus: "I told you. If you keep dodging the two of them together, your physical strength and life force will diminish at the same time. Bleeding will accelerate it..."
Shuma: "Ah..."
*This isn't good. My body suddenly gets cold. I feel numb and weak... I'm losing consciousness but I can't faint right now...blood, blood, blood...flowing out...*
Mari: "Master!!"
Lotus: "Ah...this might not be good. I expected he would last longer..."
Aconite/???: "―――"
Mari: "Eh...?"
Lotus: "Oh, no. This is indeed trouble."
Lycoris: "Huh? Aoi, stop, I say!"
Aoi: "―――――"
Lycoris: "Hmm? His atmosphere has changed. Just as I was told, I say."
Mari: "As she was told...?"
Aconite/???: "―――"
Aoi: "――――!"
Lycoris: "Don't move, I say. Aoi. Today, we observe."
Mari: "Observe...?"
Lycoris: "It seems to be true that he shows up when Shuma loses life force."
Lotus: "I see. It was Lady Pumila's experiment. Shuma said he was avoiding it himself, but it seemed he was led to this."
Aconite/???: "―――Vexing."
Lotus: "I want Shuma to be a progenitor, but I don't wish him to be an object which you are summoned into."
Aconite/???: "I said you are vexing."
Mari: "Ma-Master...?"
Lotus: "But same goes for Shuma. He has such a strong will but is controlled by the influence so easily. No, maybe influence gets stronger because of it."
Aconite/???: "Even if he is my direct descendant, he cannot win over me with his vague thoughts."
Mari: "Master? What are you saying...?"
Aconite/???: "Werewolf. You are not a familiar."
Lotus: "Oh. The First. It seems you can hear my voice, so I would offer my humble opinion. She is a maid for Shuma and I. Would you please do no harm to her."
Aconite/???: "Hmph, it does not concern me. However, I do not mean to be bothered with a trifle. I have a fool who opposes me here."
Mari: "Ma-Master? I say, Master..."
Aconite/???: "Silence. Do not chatter. Cower over there and be quiet!"
Mari: "Eek...?!"
Lotus: "He glared her down. Well, at least she won't be harmed."
Aconite/???: "Well. You there, diminutive."
Lycoris: " 'Diminutive'? I don't know what you are talking about. You keep saying strange words. It's fun but I was told to bring you back, if I have the chance, I say!"
Aconite/???: "Hmm. You seem to be Iris' puppet. What do you want from me?"
Lycoris: "You ask me what I want? I will take you with me. If you say no, I won't listen to you, I say!"
Aconite/???: "...Dirt without manners."
Lycoris: "Ugh?!"
Aconite/???: "Prostrate yourself before me, and die with disgrace in your bosom."
Lotus: "Oh boy. If The First has come out this far, he will control everything..."
Lycoris: "I-I wasn't told it would be like this! Enough of this, I say! Crap, crap, crap, it's impossible to make eye contact, I say!"
Aconite/???: "Even though you are Iris' flunky, you can stand it a little."
Lycoris: "Aoi! I'm gonna run away, I say!!"
Aoi: "――――!!"
Lycoris: "Stupid, Master Pumila! I cannot fight against THAT without special help, I say!!"
Aoi: "―――!!"
Mari: "Ah, they ran away..."
Lotus: "Even the great Lycoris felt a sense of crisis in The First's high-handed mesmerization."
Aconite/???: "Hmph. A mere trifle. Do not ever bother me."
Lotus: "Well...The First. I would ask you to leave now."
Aconite/???: "Do you dare to reprove me?"
Lotus: "Still, his body is yet to mature. You are rather reluctant to take possession of such a body, are you not?"
Aconite/???: "Hmm..."
Lotus: "......"
Aconite/???: "...Fair enough. If that is my opponent, it will be a bore. However, you who reproved me are to pay dearly for it."
Lotus: "Yes, I am aware of it. When the time comes."
Aconite/???: "Hmph..."
Mari: "Master..."
Shuma: "W-what...? Lycoris? Where's Aoi? Damn...did I faint? Shit, my head hurts..."
Mari: "Ma-Master! How come you became so scary? I was surprised and worried about you!!"
Mari: "I like you as an arrogant vampire, but I don't like you if you are that scary!!"
Shuma: "Whoa?! Wait, Mari?!"
*As Mari suddenly holds on to me, I embrace her heated body before I can put my thoughts in order.*
Shuma: "Hey, what happened?"
Lotus: "After wearing down your life force, you were swallowed up by the influence of the first progenitor. I was completely terrified."
Shuma: "Is that so...?"
*To my surprise, I sense the ring at my neck shaking from terror. I cannot believe Dad could be like this.*
Lotus: "I'm tired. Let's return home, anyway."
Mari: "Master, let's go home."
Shuma: "...Yeah, right."
*Well...I couldn't maintain control of myself again...*
Shuma: "Let's go home..."
*In this state, I don't know whether I support Mari or if I'm supported by her. However, we begin to stagger back home.*
Shuma: "Haa, haa, haa..."
*I let Aoi and Lycoris get away even though I don't have a fatal wound. Still, I'm covered with blood and have almost no life force. When we arrive at home, I kneel down in spite of myself.*
Mari: "Master! Please wait here. We must stop your bleeding!"
Shuma: "Ow...you don't feel good, either..."
*I meant to stop her but only a weak voice came out of me, and it doesn't reach Mari.*
Shuma: "*Groan*..."
Lotus: "You endured it well."
Shuma: "Haa, haa...I surprised myself. I want to praise myself but before that, I'm filled with misery because I became like that."
*My body deprived of life force is wanting blood feverishly. But I've endured it desperately. I'm enduring it. I don't want to be like I was before anymore.*
*It's true I decided in my mind I would do anything to achieve my goals. But my wish of quenching this thirst is nothing but a desire. It's just taking blood away from those who are around me.*
*If I do that, I will stop being myself, and I won't be able to do what I need to do... Facing that fear with all my will, I've endured desperately.*
Lotus: "Still, you cannot do it anymore. If you go over the limit, you might be swallowed up by the first progenitor's consciousness again?"
Shuma: "I won't let him do that."
*There's one more thing that made me endure this thirst. It's because Mari is next to me.*
*Mari's blood is much tastier than humans around here.*
*This is a thought stained with a desire, but I keep saying it to restrain myself. But now will I suck her blood? Weak Mari's blood...*
Shuma: "At this rate...I can quiet down if I drink tomato juice or something..."
Lotus: "It's not possible now that your life force has dried up this much. Deception won't work."
Shuma: "I'll give it my all and somehow... Ugghhh..."
*No-no-no-no, hold down your desire and drive off the first progenitor's will. It's okay to become a vampire for a purpose, but if I'm to be a vampire for a desire, I'll be a loser!*
Shuma: "Ugghhh..."
*Trying to suppress various things frantically, I crouch down and curl up into a ball.*
Mari: "Ah, Master...Master?!"
Shuma: "O-oh, Mari, are you alright? How do you feel?"
Mari: "It's not the time to talk about how I feel. You look more serious. In danger, emergency!"
Shuma: "Haha, you're right..."
*I try not to make her worry, but my body hardly listens to me. Curbing my desire is the best I can do.*
Mari: "I'll lick and heal you. Your clothes...ah, dizzy..."
Shuma: "Don't worry about me... You don't feel well, either, right...? You've done enough, so leave the first-aid kit here and rest in your room..."
Mari: "I cannot do that!"
Shuma: "But to lick and heal me, you need to use your strength, don't you? Like life force..."
Mari: "Ugh. K-kind of."
Shuma: "Lie down. If you don't listen to me, I'm gonna control you."
Mari: "Urgh... I can't do it! After knowing what happened, I'm worried about you Master!!"
Shuma: "Mari... Please be a good girl..."
*Crap. I smell Mari's sweet scent. I can't hold it much longer...*
Mari: "Haahoo...and Master...please suck my blood... I'd like you to have the life force from me...haahooo..."
Shuma: "Really, I can't... Mari?"
*Eh? Something doesn't look right with Mari. It sounded like she said it because she was worried about me, but then what was that last sigh?*
Mari: "I, too...don't feel right and my body is really hot...my body feels so full... I want you to suck my life force, Master...haaw..."
Shuma: "Hey, Mari...? Don't you have a cold...?"
*She doesn't look right. As if she were delirious with an aphrodisiac, Mari looks pained, wishful, delicious...no, no no no! I can't give her a hard time...*
Lotus: "No, this... Probably, it is better for you to suck life force from Maritima, I suppose."
Shuma: "Eh? What are you saying...?"
Mari: "Haa...haww... Master..."
*I haven't mesmerized her, but Mari, who snuggles up to me and releases a hot sigh, doesn't mind the raised voice to my dad's words and draws closer to me.*
Lotus: "It's a guess but probably a side effect of the ring."
Lotus: "As you already know, the effect of the ring has transformed Maritima's life force into delicious blood fit for you to have."
Lotus: "And the effect of the ring is not limited to that. And possibly, the life force that is fit for you continues to be produced in Maritima."
Lotus: "It's purely a guess, but Maritima being a werewolf might be affecting it. Right now Maritima is like a balloon, full to its limit, with life force for you."
Lotus: "Fever and ill health must have been caused by it. If you want to make her feel better, you should suck her life force."
Shuma: "That..."
Mari: "Haa, haa...Master...I lick and heal you...so please suck my blood..."
Lotus: "And just sucking her blood is not enough. You'd better suck her life force more heavily. At this rate, Maritima may be too full of life force and explode."
Shuma: "......"
*Of course "explode" is a metaphor, but maybe because she came back home sticking to me and keeps sticking faster to me now, she looks pained more and more.*
*The ring may be reacting to me, the one who lost life force, and rapidly producing life force inside Mari.*
Shuma: "Why didn't you explain this function in the beginning?"
Lotus: "Well, I'm seeing it for the first time, too. Your mother was a human. I've never used it on a werewolf."
*...I have no choice. No, in this situation, it must be the best solution.*
Shuma: "I understand, Mari. So please...first, let's go to the room. Can I use your shoulder?"
Mari: "Yes, understood. Master."
====================E-MR02_02H_N.TXT====================
Mari: "You are covered with wounds as I thought."
*Mari rolls up my shirt and checks the wounds one by one.*
Mari: "Whoa...this one is really deep."
*Mari traces a stab wound on my side gently with her fingertip.*
Mari: "It would be a fatal wound if you were a normal human."
Mari: "This one, too...ugh... How many times did they stab you in your belly...? Ah, this wound on your thigh is really deep, too."
Shuma: "Don't look as if you would cry. They hurt a little but won't kill me."
Mari: "...I know you are okay, but I still worry... Because Master is very important to me."
Shuma: "Yeah, I'm sorry. I made you worry."
Mari: "No...it is alright. Master, who can be in tatters for someone, is still my master."
Mari: "......"
Mari: "...No, it's not alright...! I don't like to see you covered with wounds that look painful...so..."
Mari: "*Licking*..."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "When you are hurt, I will always lick you like this, Master. Please let me lick."
Mari: "*Lap*...*lick*...*lick*..."
*Mari traces the surfaces of my wounds with her pink tongue covered with saliva.*
Mari: "*Lap*...*lick lick*... Haa, haa...this looks like it hurts...*lick*...*suck*..."
*On my abdomen, back, thighs, upper arms...carefully and lovingly, Mari's tongue licks the wounds, one by one, and heals them.*
Shuma: "Mari, it feels good. The places you licked are getting warm."
*I start to feel better as Mari's saliva soaks into my skin and moistens my entire body. I place my palm on her soft and fluffy hair while she works.*
Mari: "*Lap*...*lick*...Master...?"
Shuma: "I'm feeling much better...thanks."
Mari: "Mmm...! Woof...*lap*...*lap*... You don't need to...thank me...*lick lick*..."
Mari: "But...*lap*...I'm glad...I can heal you with my tongue, Master...*lap*... I really am...*lick*...*lap*..."
Mari: "*Suck*! Now...*lap*...all gone...the wounds..."
Mari: "What is it? Do you have any place still hurting you?"
Shuma: "I cannot believe that I was all broken just minutes ago."
Mari: "Haha! Hehehe!"
*As soon as Mari confirms all the wounds have disappeared, her face relaxes into a smile and she bashfully shows her happiness.*
*And that's how we spent the rest of our time together.*
====================E-MR02_03.TXT====================
Lycoris: "...was like that! Why didn't you say that beforehand, I say!"
Iris: "Hmm. I see. He revealed himself, taking advantage of a lesser life force as I expected."
Lycoris: "Please listen to me, I say! It is impossible to bring that one to you even if I die many times!"
Iris: "Well. How many times must you die to make it possible?"
Lycoris: "Well, at least 10 times... Why are you calmly making me count the number of times I die, I say?!"
Iris: "Hehe...hehehehe..."
Lycoris: "Please! Is it so funny if I die many times! Damn you! Loli old bag!"
Iris: "Quiet. It is as I planned. Rather, it might be better than I imagined it to be."
Lycoris: "*Sigh*... First of all, what is 'that'? I was so surprised that I was almost paralyzed, I say."
Iris: "Hmph. Do not talk like an imbecile as he revealed himself only a little. The heyday of 'that' was much more fearsome..."
Lycoris: "Ugh...then, I would be killed by only his glare..."
Iris: "Hehe, hehehe...! It now seems one of my concerns can be put to rest."
Lycoris: "Why do you look happy, I say? If someone like that seriously rises from his sleep, would we be in trouble...?"
Iris: "In any case, that lazy Officinalis. He would not come out to bother me."
Lycoris: "Ugh. You're ignoring me again. Damn you! So what am I gonna do next?"
Iris: "Now that you have more pawns. Do all you can."
Lycoris: "I'm a stepping stone, I understand. At lease I don't need to fight Aoi, so it's better... No, it doesn't pay, really I say."
Shuma: "Mm..."
*As I wake up, fresh morning light welcomes me.*
Shuma: "...Ah. Right."
*Mari isn't here, but her warmness seems to stay on my hands and arms... No, I feel like that all because my body is filled with her life force.*
Shuma: "...Wounds are all closed up."
*Physical strength went back to normal. I understand it's beyond human but more than that, I feel strangely refreshed.*
Shuma: "...I'm alright."
*I'm not a human anymore and becoming a vampire for the most part. That is the truth, but I don't feel tormented by it.*
Calen: "Oh, Shuma-san. Good morning."
Shuma: "Good morning... Calen, were you up all night?!"
Calen: "Yes. Well, because I am a vampire."
Shuma: "Oh, right. You sleep like crazy in school, lady."
Calen: "Sunlight surely makes me sleepy...*yawn*."
*Calen holds a wash basin with water and a towel in her hands.*
*...She took care of Mari all this time.*
Shuma: "Thank you."
Calen: "It is rather strange for you to thank me, Shuma-san. Hehe...oh?"
Shuma: "Huh?"
*Calen stops on her way to the living room and looks at my face again for some reason.*
Calen: "Oh."
Shuma: "Oh?"
Calen: "Hehe. Welcome to the vampire world."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*Calen smiles at me and disappears into the living room.*
Shuma: "Can she tell...a thing like this?"
*She's a pure vampire... She knows what happened to my body just by looking at me. Conversely, I can clearly realize my change.*
*I've become a vampire. Still I feel calm. Because I became a vampire willingly to fulfill my own wish.*
*When I check the clock, it's already time to leave for school.*
*After getting dressed, I return. The door of Mari's room opens this time.*
Mari: "...*Yawn*... Ah, Master."
Shuma: "H-hey, Mari! Don't get up yet!"
Mari: "But I'm fine. See, I'm in my uniform."
Mari: "*Groan*... My head feels dizzy."
*Mari who came out of her room looks wobbly. I run to her and hold her up.*
Shuma: "You see. You don't need to strain yourself. You're tired, aren't you?"
*We both might lose our physical strength during sex, but on top of that, I sucked Mari's life force like crazy, even if she was filled up with it and nearly bursting.*
Mari: "No problem, whatever her condition is, she's supposed to wake up like clockwork in the morning. That's the maid..."
*Her voice still sounds exhausted. It'll take more time...*
*But Mari is in her school uniform.*
Shuma: "Do you feel like going to school?"
Mari: "Mm...well, Master seems to like having me with him. So I thought I should go."
Shuma: "You're still not being straight with me."
Mari: "And, breakfast for Master...blood sucking...school...morning is really busy..."
Shuma: "Forget that! Gimme a break. What are you going to do if you bump into Kaede like this?"
Mari: "Ugh..."
Shuma: "Really. To go to school, you can't be unsteady like that. First, calm down."
Mari: "Yes...*inhale* *exhale* *inhale* *exhale*..."
*As I see Mari, wondering if breathing deeply will work, I'm attracted to her translucent throat moving up and down.*
Shuma: "Ugh...but I must apologize."
Mari: "*Inhale* *exhale*... Eh?"
Shuma: "You're that exhausted because I did it to you yesterday..."
Mari: "Wha-wha-wha?!"
Shuma: "Oh?"
*I thought she would say something like, "Not at all. The maid does anything for her master, so please use every hole I have as you wish."*
*Instead, suddenly she panics and her face becomes flushed... Damn, she's so cute.*
Mari: "Th-th-th-th-th?!"
Shuma: "Hey Mari, take a deep breath."
Mari: "*Inhale* *exhale* *inhale* *exhale*..."
Shuma: "Good. *Inhale* *exhale* *inhale* *exhale*..."
Mari: "*Exhale*. I'm calmed down. My body might feel better a little, too. But..."
Mari: "Master. You don't need to apologize. I'm also happy with you doing it and sucking me."
*Shuma: "Mari..."*
*Seriously, Mari looks cuter and cuter.*
Lotus: "Curse. I curse you even though you are my son. I, who used to be the progenitor, should be able to kill only with hatred!"
*...Well, ignore him.*
Mari: "But I've been living a life far from the current situation of being used for Master's sexual needs. So life is filled with wonders."
Shuma: "*Outburst*! Don't put it like that! In the first place, even if it's because of mesmerization, it's you who uses your master to take care of your sexual needs!"
Mari: "For that, Master, you have only to control yourself more properly!"
*Ugh. I have no reply to that...*
Mari: "Really. If you do that, I, too...well, never mind. I'm happy to be your help, and it's easier for me to do it when I'm mesmerized."
Shuma: "Y-yes...?"
Mari: "Really. As a progenitor, you must be able to smoothly miss hearing a part like that."
*I think that has nothing to do with it.*
Shuma: "A-anyway. I'm sorry for exhausting you. But your blood is so delicious that I can't stop myself."
Mari: "Yes, yes. That's exactly like a vampire."
Shuma: "No, it's not like a vampire...it's more like, I like you personally, I think..."
Mari: "Whoa? Do you like me?"
Shuma: "Ah...w-well, I've depended on you."
*I surprised myself. It just popped out of my mouth.*
Mari: "...Love?"
Shuma: "Th-that depends on the future."
Mari: "I see. Master's sweetheart. Hehe, it's not bad."
Mari: "Ah. But Master, once you become the official progenitor of the Embroche family, we won't be able to love each other normally, I suppose."
Shuma: "Ah...right. We have Calen."
Calen: "What is the matter with me?"
Shuma: "...?!"
Mari: "Wah. Lady Calen, great morning to you!"
Calen: "Oh, I see. Shuma-san's condition is owed to Mari-san."
*Whoa, she sees through it instantly!*
Mari: "Whoa?! R-really, truly, I'm not thinking or mean to steal your fiance away, Lady Calen, so please please don't snap your fingers!"
Calen: "Oh my. You mustn't be frightened like that."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Mari: "Awawaw...Lady Calen?"
Shuma: "Aren't you angry? You are my fiancee..."
Calen: "What are you saying? It is hardly unusual for a husband to make a mistress of a servant, and I do not mean to complain about it."
Shuma: "I-is that so...?"
Calen: "Yes. However, if you spend too much time with the maid, I might feel lonely and my fingers may snap by themselves."
Mari: "Eek!"
Calen: "Hehe. As long as you pay attention to me, I would not say anything if you make Mari-san your mistress. Rather, as a progenitor, it is proper to have mistresses."
Shuma: "I-I see..."
*Come to think of it, I heard it somewhere else.*
Lotus: "I was devoted only to your mother!"
*A big lie. I can say for sure. I guess Mom must've overlooked it.*
Calen: "In any case..."
Mari: "Eep?"
*Calen looks Mari up and down carefully while sticking out her tongue slightly and licking her lips.*
Calen: "You look exhausted, Mari-san."
Mari: "Ah, hehehe..."
*If you blush right now, you make me feel embarrassed too, so stop it.*
Calen: "Hehe. You exhausted Mari-san who is a werewolf and known for physical strength. I am concerned if I will be able to satisfy you in the future."
Shuma: "Aw..."
*What's this? This is totally embarrassing.*
Mari: "Awawaw."
*While I struggle with my hot face, Mari with her face all red, is giving a strange growl next to me.*
Shuma: "Th-then, Calen and I will go to school. Stay in bed, Mari!"
Mari: "Aww...yes..."
*Helped by the embarrassed feeling, I order Mari to stay home. And Mari, who is also blushing from embarrassment, nods in agreement with no objections.*
Calen: "I will stay and take care of her."
Shuma: "Eh? Then I will do that."
Calen: "Shuma-san, what are you going to school for?"
Shuma: "...You're right. Understood. I'll leave her to you."
*I walk down the usual streets on the way to school.*
*But things look different.*
Shuma: "I wonder why. It's like I can see more clearly..."
*I wasn't conscious of it inside the house, but once outside, I realize the change. I can sense and feel life so far away...*
Lotus: "Do you feel strange?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Like, I can even smell it..."
*Smell, a sense of touching the atmosphere, vision and hearing has even become sharper. And yet, I don't feel it's noisy or annoying.*
Shuma: "Like, the world becomes clear..."
Lotus: "Hmm. That is great."
Shuma: "And I felt it in the morning too, but my body is strangely light."
*I've felt great since the morning, but I thought I just woke up in a good mood. I've recovered thanks to Mari.*
*But as I walk down the streets to school like this, my body feels light as if my feet had wings. If I run now, I feel I would lose to no one.*
Lotus: "That is the vampires' feeling, I think. I was never a human, so I haven't experienced the uneasy feeling that my own physical ability has increased."
Lotus: "Physical abilities that are far superior to humans'. That is the vampire's every day. I recommend you should try and get used to it."
Shuma: "...Yeah."
*This simple daily scene makes me realize that I've become a vampire and getting closer to being a progenitor.*
*But, like this morning, I don't feel regret or impatience.*
Lotus: "Then, Shuma. How is your head?"
Shuma: "My head? If people were around me, they would think I'm a crazy guy who keeps talking to himself. But as far as I'm concerned, I'm the same as usual."
Lotus: "Hmm."
Shuma: "......"
*Honestly, I don't know what he thinks about this. I suspect he wants me to be the progenitor and succeed the Embroche family.*
*But he's never strongly opposed my wish to remain human. I wonder if he's been respecting that desire.*
*Whatever the case may be...*
Shuma: "...I don't want anymore trouble like yesterday."
Lotus: "Hmm. I see."
*His true intention is blurred by his answer and it doesn't become clear.*
*Aoi isn't at school as I expected. Lycoris is a fool, but she's not so foolish after all.*
*Neither Calen nor Aoi is here, so Sakurako looks lonely.*
*Sakurako and I haven't been alone like this for a long time.*
Sakurako: "Hehe. Just the two of us."
Shuma: "Ah, right, Sakurako."
Sakurako: "Let's flirt a lot while nobody else is here with us, Shuma."
Shuma: "Here, Sakurako. Mayonnaise, open your mouth."
Sakurako: "*Slurp slurp*! This is mustard!!!"
Shuma: "Ah, boring."
Sakurako: "Really, boring."
*Even though physically recovered, Mari fell asleep as soon as we put her in bed.*
*She can handle supernatural powers, but she still becomes tired and catches a cold.*
*Watching Mari sleeping peacefully makes me feel there's not much difference between humans and werewolves.*
*So, Mari and Kaede, the two of them together, give me peace of mind.*
*They make me feel that I'm still me, and a part of me can still remain human, even after becoming a vampire.*
Calen: "A wharf, is it?"
Shuma: "Yeah. To the port."
*Evening. I'm patrolling as usual.*
*Aoi has fallen to the other side and I want Mari to rest. So today Calen is with me.*
Calen: "Ugh. An ocean."
*About Mari and Aoi, to solve these issues, they need a little easing time.*
*For that, I'll do search and destroy. Find Lycoris as quickly as possible!*
*This is why we're on to the wharf. I don't have concrete evidence, but this is not a random search. Somehow I've felt a sign coming from the wharf.*
*It's like the sky toward the wharf has a strange color, a tiny bit of nasty odor floats from it. When I think about this place in my mind, I get a creepy crawly feeling on my skin.*
*This is probably the senses a vampire progenitor possesses. It's not like the five senses became sharper, but like more senses added to the original. As I got used to the change, newly added senses have pointed out this place.*
Shuma: "Ah. Do you dislike oceans as they say?"
Calen: "Well. I am not good with them. Like the sun."
Shuma: "You say that but please bear it. It's certainly suspicious."
Calen: "It hardly makes sense. Why did she take the trouble to choose a difficult place to live."
Shuma: "Maybe, she didn't choose, simply because it was empty in the first place."
Calen: "Still..."
Shuma: "Just follow me."
*I don't have positive proof but I'm confident. I speak short to a fretful Calen.*
Calen: "Oh...oh dear, oh dear."
Shuma: "Huh?"
Calen: "Well, I thought somehow you have changed in a short while, Shuma-san. You have become rather wonderful."
Shuma: "Huh? Tha-that can't be."
Calen: "Yes, you have. I am so glad to see the dignity of a progenitor in you here and there. My heart skipped a beat."
*Ugh...I wonder if once I give myself to the senses of vampires, will my thinking be tilted to that side? I must avoid thinking of humans as food or garbage after becoming a progenitor.*
Shuma: "Don't be stupid. Just follow me."
Calen: "Yes. As you wish. Shuma-san."
*Accompanied by a strangely smiling Calen, I head to the wharf. Meanwhile, I keep searching for the sign as if to extend the tentacle of heightened senses.*
Calen: "In any case, is it really near the ocean...? First of all, it is Lady Pumila's intention to catch you and bring you back to her, is it not?"
Shuma: "There's no doubt, but come to think of it, Lycoris attacks me sometimes but not really aggressively."
Lotus: "That may be one of her intentions. What Lady Pumila's ulterior motives are... All we can do now is to speculate."
*Dad is right. The quickest way is to catch Lycoris, suck up life force, and get the information out of her.*
Calen: "Lady Pumila is not very patient. She does not hesitate in front of her prey, either."
Shuma: "Hmm. Maybe there's something else besides attacking me...but it's impossible to know it at this point, I guess."
Shuma: "Anyway, we hardly searched the wharf so it's worth checking there, isn't it? Let's go."
Calen: "Shuma-san, if you say so, I will accompany you but..."
Calen: "I warn you beforehand. It will be hard."
*Once at the wharf, my feet spontaneously turn in one direction.*
*A sensation I've never had before is telling me something exists in that direction. Even though I don't know what's happening, I must go and check...*
Shuma: "No really, this sea breeze, sea breeze, sea breeze. It's burning my lungs out!"
Calen: "Ugh, awwwww, exhausting."
*They say vampires cannot cross the oceans. Oh, this is how it is. So it's okay if we're on an airplane.*
*Getting burned by sea breeze! Burned in just one day. My face, throat, lips!!*
Calen: "*Sigh*. You had better not overwork a lady. I am already a vampire as it is."
Shuma: "You have a lot of life force, don't you?"
Calen: "I am not like human girls. If I don't have enough, I will have Sakurako-san, even if you try to stop me."
Shuma: "What a terrible threat!"
*I accompany Calen and proceed, relying on the sensation.*
*And yet, near the ocean. What are they doing in a place like this...?*
Sakurako: "The other day, they refused to let me go home. They said, "Let's go see the ocean." I said, "No way. I have something to do." But they still tried to drag me there."
*Does this have something to do what Sakurako was saying?*
*As I go further, I may know the answer.*
Mari: "My lady. Today it's a peach. Here you are."
*I offer a peeled and cut peach in front of Lady Embroche's picture. She's Japanese, so I do it in the Japanese way. They call this osonaemono (offerings).*
Mari: "Japanese peaches are delicious. May I have a piece, my lady?"
*I pick a piece and pop it in my mouth. Its fresh sweetness fills my mouth.*
Mari: "My lady, Master seems to be becoming a progenitor. There is still a little concern about the future, but he takes after His Lordship in many good ways, so he will be alright, won't he?"
*................*
Mari: "You wanted to see him become a fine master, my lady..."
*I have a stinging pain in my chest. I cannot distract myself from the pain and it gradually spreads inside my body.*
Mari: "My lady, did you pass away...because of me...? I didn't know the power of this ring... I knew nothing but was just happy..."
*I'm not sure if it is true. When I wear the ring, it not only changes my life force to Master's liking but also recovers my life force pretty rapidly.*
*I realized, it might have been the thing Lady Embroche needed. But I can imagine she would still hand over the ring to me, seeing that I was missing her.*
Mari: "I've heard you became a familiar while staying a human...and even though you were not a vampire, you were by His Lordship and bore him a child. It is no surprise that you needed to rely on this ring..."
*That moment, a hot tear drop falls on my thigh. I'm startled and look up.*
Mari: "I-I'm sorry, my lady. Whenever I felt sad, you always felt sad with me. If I cry, I will make you sad, too."
*Right. I don't want to make Lady Embroche feel that way anymore. So I must keep looking forward and being cheerful.*
Mari: "Haha. This peach is delicious. *Munch*."
*............*
Mari: "...I think Master has been respectable lately. At first I was with him because he has your keepsake..."
Mari: "And, I thought he was undependable and too optimistic. But recently, even though he's still soft on humans..."
Mari: "...Master is becoming not really a vampire, but more like a respectable master... Hahaha, I'm probably not making any sense..."
Mari: "But he's really worried about me, too... We are a master and maid, so he can use me for whatever he wants, but he really takes care of me..."
Mari: "...My lady. Thank you very much for giving birth to Master. I'm happy to be his maid. Truly."
Mari: "But still, I cannot help but resist siding with humans as Master does...ah."
*Those words suddenly bring up the face of another human in my mind.*
Mari: "My lady...I wonder if I were to start changing, too. I hate humans. You are the only human I like. I thought you were the only human I would ever like..."
Mari: "...Kaede-san. She smells the same as you, my lady. Sometimes. It cannot be. When I sniff carefully, she doesn't smell like you."
Mari: "But sometimes...your smell floats out of her... Did something go wrong with my nose...?"
Mari: "When I think of Kaede-san, my chest feels tight. She is human. The human I'm supposed to despise. But when I have Kaede-san in my mind, I feel a pain in my chest..."
Mari: "And when I talk with Kaede-san, I smell the same scent as yours as if it were erasing the pain...and I feel warm and soft in my chest... Something is wrong with me."
Mari: "What am I supposed to do, my lady? Please, just this once, help me and explain what this feeling is... My lady..."
*............*
*Of course, Lady Embroche in the photo only keeps smiling at me and does not talk.*
Mari: "...Please enjoy the peach, my lady."
*...Let's go out to buy groceries. It's almost night.*
Mari: "...Oh?"
*That's Kaede-san?!*
Mari: "Why am I hiding automatically?!"
*Kaede-san and...two girls probably in the same grade.*
*They sandwich Kaede-san between them and seem to ask her to go out and play.*
Mari: "I may be able to hear if I use dog ears..."
*On top of hiding from her, it feels as if I were eavesdropping, so I cannot use my dog ears.*
Mari: "In that case, why am I hiding like this? Really, I hate myself..."
*Still, I can neither step out nor call out to her, so I keep watching Kaede-san from the shadows.*
Mari: "What...?"
*Something is not right...the way they are asking her.*
*Kaede-san has her own social life. She belongs to a club, too. But...*
*Kaede-san seems to be unwilling...?*
Mari: "......"
*But I cannot do anything about it...and Kaede-san has her own friends...*
*...Huh? Am I such a gloomy girl?*
Mari: "What should I do? Ah! Kaede-san is being taken away by her friends...!"
*Mari, call out to her! It's almost night. Kaede-san has been afraid of nighttime since she was attacked. Because of that vampire!*
*So right now to protect her...! No, protect her then what? She's nothing to do with me, she's not my friend, but but but...!*
Sakurako: "Oh, Mari-chan. What's up?"
Mari: "A-anyway, I will follow her."
Sakurako: "Huh? If you don't go home quickly, Shuma will be angry."
*Suspicious, really suspicious. Why do they come here?*
*Still, two friends seem to be dragging Kaede-san who is unwilling, but cannot say no. I haven't pricked up my ears yet because I don't feel it's right.*
*Then, what am I going to do following her like this?! Call out? Leave her?*
*Ah, really, I don't know, I don't know! Troublesome! What did I get myself into?!*
Girl 1: "......"
Girl 2: "...!..."
Kaede: "...?"
Mari: "Still...something seems to be wrong..."
*As I find a closer place to hide, I can see her facial expression more clearly.*
*It seems that Kaede-san is troubled, but trying to turn them down while the two girls take her out against her will.*
*Are friends supposed to be like that? Should they listen to Kaede-san a little more?*
*They don't appear to do that.*
Mari: "Ah, they're leaving. I must follow..."
*What do I mean to do by following any further? What am I going to do if Kaede-san is having fun with them over there?*
Mari: "...But I'm worried!"
*And... Still I cannot call out to her, but cannot stop following her either.*
*It becomes night.*
Kaede: "...~~~~...!!"
*Kaede-san is grabbed by those two strangely behaving girls, and looks like she's being dragged away.*
*Once they enter the port, they become particularly strange. They don't talk at all.*
*Kaede-san is completely frightened.*
*Like the time when she was attacked by Lycoris-san, like the time she saw the real me.*
*Seeing her like this, various things pass through my mind.*
*About the time Kaede-san saw me.*
*About the time I tried to be friends with humans and received bullets instead.*
*However.*
**Jingle*.*
Mari: "...Ah."
Kaede: "...Bell? Ah, a ball!"
*My charm dropped...and Kaede-san notices me.*
*Oh-no! Courage or not!!*
Mari: "Kaede-san, run away!!"
*At that moment, I've jumped out!*
Kaede: "――――?!"
*I run in between the two girls and pull away Kaede-san!*
Kaede: "Eep...Ma-Mari-chan...!"
Mari: "These girls are not normal. Kaede-san, escape now! Please run to Master, call him, anything!"
Kaede: "B-but...what about Mari-chan...!"
Mari: "Master will take care of your friends, so don't worry! Please run!!"
Kaede: "...I-I'm sorry!"
*Kaede-san runs away.*
*I don't think I can protect her from that far away. Because...*
Girl 1: "――――"
Girl 1: "...Game, new game..."
Girl 2: "...Life force for Master Pumila..."
Lycoris: "Why are you here, I say?"
*They show up one after another.*
Lycoris: "Well, I figured it was about time to be sniffed out. You, ignore the pup. Don't let the game escape."
Mari: "I won't let you!!"
Girl 1: "―――!"
*Once more, I stand in front of the two girls who ignore me and try to chase after Kaede-san.*
Lycoris: "You're in my way, pup. Are you going to defy me?"
Mari: "I won't let you touch, Kaede-san!"
*I show my claws and ears. I turn into the shape that frightened Kaede-san in order to protect her, even if she is afraid of me.*
*I don't know why, but I want to protect her even if she hates me!*
Lycoris: "Irritating. You forget you're just a pup? Then, knock her down now and catch the game. All ready for a counter-attack, I say!!"
Mari: "Sneaking coward! I will punish you for my master!"
Lycoris: "I will make you my familiar!!"
Mari: "Close! You...I'm gonna suck your blood instead. *Bite*!!
Lycoris: "Ouch!!! What is this untrained mutt?!"
Mari: "Hey humans, you're in my way. Get away!"
Girl 1: "――――!"
Mari: "I said GET AWAY!!"
Girl 1: "―――?!"
Girl 2: "―――――!!"
Mari: "Irritating!!"
Lycoris: "What are you doing, I say! Stop attacking her one by one! Charge at the same time!"
Mari: "!!"
*I can manage the humans, but if Lycoris-san joins them...*
*But nothing good comes out of being timid now!*
Mari: "Bring it on! Like my master, I'll give it my all and knock you out!!"
Lycoris: "I will shred and tear you up and give you to Shuma as a present, I say!! Aoi!"
Aoi: "I'll give it to her!!"
*Even Aoi-san comes out! Honestly, I have no chance of winning. Still!*
Mari: "I won't let you!! I cannot back down now!!"
*Being accompanied by Calen, I rely on my senses and move ahead.*
Calen: "Ah. Now I understand what you meant, Shuma-san. This sea breeze is pestering, but coming this far, I feel something too."
Shuma: "Oh. So it's bingo after all."
*My awakened mysterious senses seem to be correct.*
Calen: "It seems you have awakened as a progenitor in earnest."
Shuma: "Is that so?"
*Several things come to my mind. But I cannot point out what changed exactly, so up to now, I couldn't believe it very much.*
*But if Calen can feel it too, I must be really awakening as a progenitor.*
Calen: "However, in my opinion, I would like to see more dignity in you. More haughtiness, more unruliness."
Shuma: "I don't want that. If my personality has to change to be a progenitor, I will never become one."
Calen: "I knew you would say that. Certainly, dignity is not required right now if we consider the current state of the Embroche family."
Shuma: "I know it's kind of late to ask, but are the progenitors really that important?"
Calen: "It is indeed too late for that question."
Shuma: "I understand they are vampires with amazing powers and are the top of each clan. But that's it, isn't it?"
*I understand that the absence of the family head can cause a problem to revive a family, but I can't help questioning why we need to stick to the progenitor.*
Shuma: "What is the meaning of the progenitors' existence?"
Calen: "...The progenitors exist to play the core role of maintaining balance in this world."
Shuma: "Huh?"
*World? Balance? Core?*
Calen: "Well, I do not know all. However, I have heard the progenitors who top the three family clans have important roles for this world."
Shuma: "Suddenly the story becomes global..."
*More like fake?*
Lotus: "What Calen-chan is saying is true. The very existence of the progenitors has meaning."
Lotus: "Our life force descends from the first progenitor and is very special. We are not supposed to end the line."
*The very one who put an end to it is saying something.*
Shuma: "I don't understand the important role very much, but will the world be in danger if I don't awaken as a progenitor?"
Calen: "I do not have concrete proof either way, but it is possible."
*Seriously. That means...*
Shuma: "Is that the reason why Iris turned me into a vampire?"
Calen: "Hmm... It is Lady Pumila, so I do not think she did it only for that admirable reason."
*Calen is highly suspicious of Iris.*
*Well, If I consider the way she's interfered using Lycoris, it is not hard to understand.*
Calen: "I suppose awakening you as a progenitor is one of the reasons, but I cannot comprehend the means or steps rather."
Calen: "There is the issue of Lycoris-san. We had better keep alert."
Lotus: "It is certain that Lady Pumila's aim lies beyond your awakening as a progenitor, but she didn't expect it would happen this smoothly. Because of it, I had unnecessary trouble, too."
*What is he talking about? For the time being, I tell Calen to watch out and switch gears to deal with the issue at hand.*
Shuma: "...Alright, let's go Calen!"
Calen: "Yes. We shall."
Shuma: "We are almost there... Huh?"
Calen: "Shuma-san...!"
*That moment, Calen and I feel something jumping out of the shadows and quickly prepare ourselves. However...*
Shuma: "Kaede?!"
*To my surprise, it is Kaede who has jumped in front of us, almost falling down.*
Kaede: "Haa, haa, haa...! Ah, B-Big Brother, Big Brother!!"
Shuma: "Hey, what happened?! Why are you here at this time of night?!"
Kaede: "You see, I was brought here by my classmates against my will...and...*exhale*...!!"
Kaede: "And! They brought me down here, and..."
Kaede: "Mari-chan!!"
Calen: "Mari-san?"
Shuma: "Is Mari alright? How about you?!"
Kaede: "Nothing wrong with me, but Mari-chan...! She transformed...! And that scary vampire person came out!"
Shuma: "Okay, understood. You must have been scared, Kaede. But don't worry now. We'll handle it. We will save your classmates, too."
Shuma: "So Kaede..."
Kaede: "Er...well... I'm okay by my sel―"
Shuma: "Okay. Calen, can I trust you with Kaede?"
Kaede: "...Eh."
*I interrupt Kaede who looks hopeless, but she tries not to make me worry and looks toward Calen.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, are you alright by yourself?"
Shuma: "We cannot let her go home alone."
*We should consider we're already in enemy territory. We don't know where the enemy is lying in ambush. We cannot throw out Kaede, who is involved in our fight, in a place like this.*
Calen: "That is proof that you are yet to be a progenitor. Yet, that is what one would expect from you, Shuma-san... Alright, leave Kaede-san to me."
Kaede: "And you...?"
Shuma: "I'll go and help Mari. You go home with Calen and wait for us. I promise I'll be back with Mari."
Kaede: "...Big Brother, please help Mari-chan!"
Shuma: "Of course. Calen, I'm depending on you."
Calen: "Certainly. Shall we go, Kaede-san?"
Kaede: "Big Brother..."
Shuma: "See you later!"
*Before the two are completely gone, I race in the direction Kaede came from.*
*Wait for me, Mari. Your master will help you now!*
Shuma: "Mari!!"
Lycoris: "What? Even Shuma Embroche came?!"
*Inside a warehouse. The battleground.*
Lycoris: "But now is the time, I say! Yamada-san, Ueshima-san, holy water!!"
Girl 1: "Holy water, *splash*!"
*Suddenly I'm met with a trap. They're like the Viet Cong.*
Shuma: "Arrrrrrgh! HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT!"
Lycoris: "We got him! Aoi, now, I say, the death blow!"
Aoi: "The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch! Die, Yankee! Go Home!"
Mari: "Master?!"
Aoi: "Let me see. Following God's will, 'First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin, then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less'..."
Lycoris: "Throw it now!!!"
Mari: "Grrrrrrr!"
Aoi: "......"
*Ah, Mari has held down Aoi!*
Shuma: "My chance!"
Lycoris: "Servants! Fire Saint Germain's Holy Rocket Launcher!"
*Because they use guerrilla tactics without warning, they're the Viet Cong.*
Shuma: "It's gonna kill me?!"
Girl 2: "FIRE!"
Mari: "Master!!"
Shuma: "Mari?!"
Shuma: "Ugh...! Mari, you saved me."
*Mari stopped restraining Aoi and hurled herself at my stomach in order to knock me down and save me, when I was caught off guard.*
Mari: "Are you alright, Master?!"
Shuma: "Ah, thanks to you. Oh, Mari."
Mari: "What is it? Next one incoming!"
Shuma: "Kaede escaped with Calen."
Mari: "Ah...I see. Did she say...anything, Kaede-san...?"
Shuma: "Yeah. She asked me to save you. So after we beat them up, we'll go back to Kaede safely!"
Mari: "Ah...yes! Of course!"
Lycoris: "All your talk about striking or knocking us down...you should get over yourself, I say! You are the ones to be cinders, I say!!"
Shuma: "Cut it out! You've been using anachronic weapons until recently! Are they really baptized weapons?! How come you depend on God in spite of being a vampire!"
Lycoris: "Shut your face, I say! It's all okay if I win! You should become ashes by the weapons baptized by damn irritating God! Here comes Saint Dorothy Gale's SMG!!"
Shuma: "Waaah?! Hey, these bullets?!"
Lycoris: "Silver for vampires! Go down with them!! Huh, what?"
Lycoris: "Nooooo! No more bullets?! Give me a magazine quickly, Aoi!!"
Shuma: "You! Are you still calling yourself a vampire, you coward?!"
Lycoris: "You can call me whatever you want! But I was told to fight as hard as I can because Shuma, as he is now, won't die even if I overdo it."
*Damn. Iris' aim is not yet clear, but why does she openly antagonize me like this?*
Shuma: "...Now that I gotta deal with that thing, I can't help thinking twice if my plan is correct."
*If a bullet hits, it may not kill me but might seriously hurt me? Maybe I'll be killed because they're silver bullets? I don't know, but I've never been shot before and it's too scary to think about.*
Lycoris: "I won't miss!! The magazine is set! Release the safety device! Target, good! Take this, I say!!"
Shuma: "Damn! Mari!!"
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
*A second before Lycoris finishes switching magazines and preparing to shoot, I pull Mari and hide behind an object in the firing line.*
Lycoris: "It's useless to run! Chase the rats out of the hole, I say!"
Mari: "Master! Behind!"
Shuma: "!!"
*The girls close in from behind. They have metal pipes in their hands.*
*...At least this isn't a thing ordinary girls would do.*
Mari: "...Cowards! Why humans?!"
**
*Mari stands behind me and receives the girls' attacks, getting all torn up.*
*I cannot believe Mari, who is always defeated easily, still keeps fighting in her weakened condition.*
*And contrary to her, those girls fighting closest to Mari don't have any injuries.*
*Maybe she hasn't attacked them because they are normal humans unlike Aoi. Mari, who says she hates humans, bears their attacks but does not retaliate...*
Shuma: "Mari...are you alright?"
Mari: "These are just scratches!"
Shuma: "...Blood. How come you've continued until you are like this?!"
Mari: "They will close up soon...! Don't worry about me."
Shuma: "I will make those girls unconscious somehow. Then, it's only Aoi and Lycoris. Aoi can take some injuries. Believe me."
Mari: "...I don't care what happens to humans."
Shuma: "What? You get stubborn at a time like this...? Anyway we'll defeat Aoi and Lycoris together."
Mari: "I'm not really being stubborn..."
*Without waiting for Mari's reply, I switch positions with her and stand in front of the two girls.*
Shuma: "Back off!"
**STARE*!*
Girl 1: "Eek?!"
Girl 2: "Ah!"
Mari: "Master?"
Shuma: "Sorry. Sleep a little."
*I wasn't sure if mesmerization would work on the girls being controlled by Lycoris, but the power of a progenitor isn't just for show.*
*I succeed in disabling them with my stare.*
Shuma: "Ah, this power is dangerous. It could corrupt me."
*I'm sick of this. It's all because of that idiot.*
Shuma: "Hey, Lycoris! Why do you keep using those weapons!"
*Taking cover and trying not to get shot, I call out to Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Why? I used to belong to the Rubina. I have several holy weapons and sacred heavy firearms in my possession."
*The Rubina is a no good organization!*
Shuma: "And? You hide yourself in a place like this, what's your purpose?"
Lycoris: "Hahahaha! As you are here now, nothing can be done, so I'll tell you. But it's already too late!"
Shuma: "Too late?"
Lycoris: "Right, the reason I was attacking you on a small scale was to divert your attention from this. Trickery!"
Lycoris: "While you were fruitlessly patrolling, I have been collecting familiarized girls every night like this!"
*As soon as Lycoris says those words, girls with insane eyes start gathering inside the warehouse from seemingly out of nowhere.*
Shuma: "...!"
Mari: "...*Groan*...! There are more humans...!"
Lycoris: "I'll suck their blood one by one, making sure not to weaken them and leave enough blood for their daily lives. I'll take away life force."
Lycoris: "And today, finally Ephemera-chan has saved up enough life force and is able to show her power, I say!"
Shuma: "Ephemera's power...?"
Lycoris: "The effect is strong but it only lasts a super short time. So come out now Ephemera-chan! Come out and be useful!!"
Ephemera: "~~~~!!"
Shuma: "This looks bad. Mari, we must stop it!"
Mari: "But Master!!"
Lycoris: "Freeze!! I say!!"
Shuma: "Damn..."
*I try to go out, but the submachine gun has me in check. Damn, that gun is pointed right at us.*
Lycoris: "It is the only time you, without fighting power, can shine! Use the saved life force and your own life to plant your short-lived spores into those humans, I say!!"
Ephemera: "~~~~~!!!!!"
Shuma: "Damn! What's going to happen?!"
*Inside the warehouse becomes so bright that I cannot keep my eyes open. I desperately try to see what's going on with them half opened.*
Mari: "Master! I can't see!"
Shuma: "Mari! Stay close!"
*Damn! I made things happen as Lycoris planned! Mari came all the way here and stopped her!*
Lotus: "Suicidal explosion... No, it scattered its own spores. It would plant life force into the girls, turning them into puppets. Like poor quality familiars."
Shuma: "How can I stop it?!"
Lotus: "Too late. Look around you."
Shuma: "...!"
*At the same time Dad stops speaking, the flash dies down. Only slight life force is left where Ephemera stood and the strange figure is nowhere to be seen.*
*Instead, abnormal pressure is released from dozens of girls.*
Lycoris: "Well done, Ephemera! You were a deadhead but a well-trained one, I say! Rest assured and be my foundation stone! Now! All of you! Get him, I say!!"
Mari: "So many humans...and their powers are up!"
Shuma: "Using innocent bystanders like this... Be careful, Mari. I don't think I can disable them easily like before."
Lycoris: "That's right! It won't go like before!"
*I have to handle this crowd. If I deal with them one by one, I will surely have unguarded moments. That's like asking them to attack me from behind.*
Mari: "Master! What are you gonna do?! What are we gonna do?!"
Shuma: "Going to do what...? What am I gonna do?!"
*Damn, think, THINK! The girls are usual humans. Even if they have Ephemera's spores implanted within, it's out of the question to kill them!*
Lotus: "Calm down, Shuma."
Shuma: "I know, but what am I supposed to do?! Ephemera's spores are made of life force, aren't they? If so, all I need to do is suck them, but I can't do it one by one!"
Lotus: "So calm down. I've already handed you the answer."
Shuma: "Eh? The answer?"
Mari: "Ma-Master, you are panicked and talking to yourself, are you alright?! Please come back!"
*I've already got the answer from Dad?*
Shuma: "...I see! This is it!!"
Mari: "Eh?!"
*I thrust my right arm to the side, make a fist and get ready.*
Shuma: "Come! Deesse Morte!!"
Lotus: "Correct. Right now you can handle it perfectly."
Shuma: "―――"
*Of course I have a concern. It's off-the-cuff. But I've gotta do it.*
Mari: "Deesse Morte...ah, maybe, Master!!"
Lycoris: "Oh, you are going to kill these girls, Shuma Embroche. Well, it's just like a vampire but I wonder how many you can deal with, I say."
Shuma: "When did I say I would kill them?"
Mari: "Wow! Master, you look cool! Go for it! Slash, slash, slash!"
Lycoris: "I don't know what he's thinking now... But, humans, be done with him!!"
Mari: "Here they come, Master!"
*As if to respond to Lycoris' voice, the girls with lightless eyes, whom Ephemera's spores were implanted, close in on us.*
*Guessing from the fact they don't have any weapons, they may have been turned violent at the price of intelligence.*
Shuma: "I'm alright... I can do it. Now..."
*Both Calen and Dad say I've awakened as a progenitor. My senses are widened and I'm aware of the difference. The rest is...just to succeed.*
Shuma: "Mari, stay back."
Mari: "U-understood."
*After sensing that Mari moved back, I slowly position Deesse Morte in front of me.*
Lotus: "The real nature of Deesse Morte is to interfere only in life force. On it's own, it's just a huge sword, but once you attach Embroche life force to it..."
*I focus my mind into the hand gripping the sword. I create the image that the power of life force I used without focus up to now embraces Deesse Morte.*
Lotus: "That looks good. Deesse Morte seems to be responding well to the progenitor's life force."
Shuma: "...Here I come!"
Girl: "Waaaah!!"
Shuma: "Cut through! Deesse Morte!!"
*With my fingers crossed, I slash the life force eating her up with a sweeping strike!*
Girl: "~~~~?!"
Lycoris: "Eh?"
*In that moment, among all of the attackers, the one closest to me screams loud and falls down...no, more like tumbles down.*
Mari: "Wahhh. That looks painful..."
*Like a puppet with all of its strings cut, she hits the floor with her knees, collapses, then stops moving.*
Shuma: "Oh boy..."
*The way she collapsed surprised me, but right now she looks as if she's peacefully sleeping. The ominous air around her is gone.*
Lycoris: "Can't be. I can't believe life force is so easily removed?!"
Lotus: "How about it? This is the true power of Deesse Morte."
Shuma: "This is amazing... Alright, Mari! We will push back straight away!! Our goal is Aoi and Lycoris!"
Mari: "Yes! Let's reverse the situation from here!!"
Lycoris: "Damn! We'll attack you in great numbers and crush you, I say! Humans, attack him at once!!"
*Responding to Lycoris' cry, girls surround me quicker than before and charge.*
Shuma: "Mari, cover my back! It's okay just to keep them away!"
Mari: "Woof! Understood! Leave your back to me, Master!!"
Shuma: "Yaah!!"
*With one swing, a victim filled with Ephemera's spores falls down exactly like the previous girl.*
*However, her place is quickly filled by another girl, and they keep lunging at me one after another.*
Shuma: "So many of them, but I can do it!"
*It's great that I can disable a girl with one stroke. Even in the middle of an attack, once I hit them, they collapse right there in front of me and cannot move from that moment.*
Shuma: "Sei!!"
*As soon as I mow one down, another comes.*
Shuma: "Waaagh!"
*With another strike, I wipe out a girl attacking from the front and another girl coming from the right, making them collapse together.*
Shuma: "Hey, hey, hey, hey!!"
*I swing Deesse Morte repeatedly and keep cutting the life force controlling them like puppet strings.*
Shuma: "It looks good! Even though there are many of them!"
Mari: "Master, I'll chase away the girls behind you! So please move forward, Master! Get to Lycoris-san and Aoi-san!"
Shuma: "I know that!!"
*Covered by Mari, I swing around Deesse Morte and rapidly move ahead.*
Shuma: "Waaaagh! Get out of my way!!"
*The best thing would be to cut everybody's life force, but if I failed to catch Lycoris and Aoi, it would be like putting the cart before the horse. I cannot let them go when I corner them and have the advantage.*
Lycoris: "What the heck is that?! Don't mess around! You damn cheating bastard!"
Shuma: "For cheating, you're doing the same! Yaaah!"
*A death cry from Ephemera's fragment, whose life force is cut down, and the sound of a collapsing girl echoes dozens of times.*
Mari: "You're more than half done, Master!"
Shuma: "Oh! Lycoris! Aoi! Wait for me!!"
Lycoris: "Shut up! *Seething*! That crane fly was useless! I collected so many girls, they're not able to make a dent in Shuma, I say!"
Mari: "Get beaten up by Master awakening as a progenitor and become all black and blue!"
*I can push through. Right at that moment...*
Lycoris: "Hmph. Aoi. Now is the time! Go, I say!!"
Shuma: "Oh hell?!"
Mari: "Master?!"
Shuma: "Ugh...!!"
*I focus on the girls in front of me and I've lost sight of Aoi.*
*I am nearly torn to ribbons by her twin daggers, but I manage to stop them with Deesse Morte.*
Shuma: "Hey, Aoi, Aoi?! Damn! Can't you hear my voice?!"
Lycoris: "Huh! Your voice won't reach Aoi now, I say! Aoi, finish him off!"
Aoi: "......"
Shuma: "Tsk..."
*She's completely controlled by Lycoris.*
*Aoi is ready with twin daggers and her lightless eyes pierce through me.*
Aoi: "You vampire, unto dust shalt thou return."
Shuma: "Ugh?!"
*The numbers of her attacks are overwhelming and I can barely keep up. I've been stopping them so far, but I don't know how long I can continue...*
*I can't believe Aoi as an enemy is this much trouble.*
Mari: "Master?! You...!"
*A blast of wind blows past me, the one who is subjected to Aoi's furious attacks and can only barely manage to stop them.*
*It's Mari. Aoi, whose rhythm is disturbed by an unexpected interference, steps back to maintain distance for the moment.*
*Right now I can only think of catching my breath. I feel the presence of enemies at my back and I swing around Deesse Morte as I turn.*
*A girl coming near me falls down.*
Mari: "Master, another one coming!!"
Lotus: "Shuma!! Above!!"
Shuma: "Ugh!!!"
Aoi: "Receive divine judgment! Heaven's justice!"
Shuma: "Argh...!!"
*Damn. I don't need to fight magnificently, but it's difficult to deal with Aoi and these girls at the same time.*
*Mari doesn't have decisive power so all she can do is to hold them in check.*
Aoi: "I missed getting him. But not this time!"
*We are sandwiched between numerous girls and Aoi. While I deal with one side, attacks come from the other.*
Shuma: "I'm seriously in danger!"
Lotus: "Their fighting power has certainly been diminishing. If you can continue at the same pace, you will have an advantage in the end."
Shuma: "But...my stamina won't last."
Lotus: "Even though you are the progenitor, life force is not inexhaustible."
Shuma: "But I don't have time to think about this!!"
*I cut the life force in the girl right in front of me and I swing the sword at another behind her.*
*But that gives a sure chance to Aoi.*
Aoi: "Kneel before the power of God and die!!"
Shuma: "Damn!! I know what will happen but I can't stop it!!"
Mari: "Master!!"
*Two deadly blades are lunging at me.*
*My enhanced kinetic vision can catch the approaching daggers for sure.*
*But that is it.*
*I somehow twist my body to defend myself, but cannot help being one step behind as I was caught off guard.*
*I will be slashed!!*
Aoi: "What?!"
*I prepare for the impact of the two blades hurtling toward me, but suddenly they come to a full stop.*
*No, looking closely, something like silver strings are coiling around Aoi's body. What are those things?!*
Calen: "Now is your chance, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "!!"
*While the voice of the one who's not supposed to be here echoes through, I swing Deesse Morte against a defenseless Aoi!!*
Aoi: "Aaaaahhh!!!!"
*When I cut away the evil life force, Aoi releases a screaming death cry and collapses as if her puppet strings were cut off.*
Lycoris: "Aoi..."
*Now I have one less worry.*
Calen: "Well done, Shuma-san."
*In the nick of time Calen saved me with her string attack. Well, in this case, restraint.*
Shuma: "Haa...haa... You saved me, Calen. But why are you here? Where's Kaede?"
*Yeah, I asked her to take Kaede back to her home. So why...?*
Calen: "That is because she insisted on coming back."
Shuma: "She? You mean Kaede...?"
Mari: "Are you alright, Master?"
Shuma: "Yeah. Ah. Thanks to Calen, someho― MARI!!"
Mari: "Huh?"
*I was momentarily off guard after releasing Aoi from Lycoris' control.*
*Behind Mari, who is running toward me, a familiar girl approaches and strikes a blow at Mari's defenseless back without hesitation.*
Mari: "...Ugh!!!"
Kaede: "Watch out! Mari-chan!!"
Kaede: "Argh?!"
Lotus: "What!!!"
*................*
*A dull sound echoes through the warehouse...I think?*
*Maybe it was an optical illusion. Maybe Kaede's groan. An old man's voice? Huh?*
Mari: "Ka-Kaede-san...?"
Kaede: "Mari-chan...sorry...I...!"
Mari: "Why, Kaede-san, why are you here?! What for...? Didn't you go home...?!"
Kaede: "W-worried...hehe. It hurts...ugh..."
Mari: "Kaede-san!!"
Shuma: "Calen, you take care of Lycoris!!"
Calen: "Understood."
Lycoris: "Damn."
*Leaving Lycoris to Calen, I charge on the crazed girl closest to Mari and Kaede and strike her with Deesse Morte. There are less than 20 girls left.*
*I keep running without reducing speed and cut down the girls who've been made insane by Ephemera's life force, releasing them from control.*
*18, 17, 16...*
*Now that the threat of Aoi is gone, those girls are no obstacle for Deesse Morte.*
Lycoris: "Damn you!!"
Calen: "Well, well. I shall not let you pass."
*13, 12, 11...*
*I can leave Lycoris to Calen. All I need to do is remove the obstacles in front of my eyes!*
Mari: "Kaede-san! Hold on... Why did you...?"
Kaede: "I have...something I need to say...to you, Mari-chan..."
Mari: "Even so, why did you come back?"
Kaede: "Because...I If I don't say it now...I know...I will really regret it."
*9, 8, 7...*
*I have no time to breathe. I race in a fury to finish everything in this moment.*
Mari: "What...are you saying?"
Kaede: "I'm sorry, Mari-chan... I was just surprised... I wasn't afraid of you..."
Kaede: "I was attacked...and was frightened but...not of you...Mari-chan..."
Mari: "......"
*6, 5, 4...*
*Damn, I can hardly lift my arms. I can cut them down no longer. Instead, I hit the girls with Deesse Morte along with my body.*
Kaede: "Thank you...Mari-chan. Thank you for helping me..."
Mari: "Kaede-san."
Kaede: "And...I...I..."
Lycoris: "*SCREECH*!! Get out of my way, I say! The pawns I collected?!"
Calen: "My future husband left you to me, I will not let you pass."
*Crap. My eyesight is becoming hazy, but I'm in the home stretch!!*
*3, 2, 1... 0!!*
Kaede: "I AM A FURRY!!"
Shuma: "Huh, what?!!"
Mari: "Whaaaaaat?!"
Lycoris: "Furry?"
Calen: "Furry??"
Kaede: "*Sob sob*, I...I can't say this to...anybody... It's embarrassing...so, but well..."
Kaede: "I love your eyes and tail very much, Mari-chan!!"
Mari: "Er...well, you said that but I...don't know what I should do or feel at a time like this..."
Mari: "Ma-Master...what should I do...? Oh no, he is down!!"
Kaede: "Big Brother?!"
Shuma: "*Wheeze...wheeze...wheeze*..."
*Attaching weight to speed, I successfully released the girls crazed by Ephemera.*
*It seems I have to pay dearly for the success...*
Lotus: "You took it too far. Anaerobic exercises can improve speed, but that's in the case of trained athletes. You cannot do it so easily just because you are a progenitor."
*Ah...whatever you say, my head won't hold it in right now.*
*Give me your lecture later.*
Shuma: "*Inhale*...*exhale*..."
*As oxygen spreads throughout my body, my breathing gradually calms down. It's amazing I can recover to this extent in a very short time. Vampires' bodies are truly above the norm.*
*But I cannot rest just yet.*
Mari: "Master! Are you alright to stand up?"
Kaede: "You should rest a little more..."
Shuma: "Haa, haa... A little hard to breathe but I'm okay."
Lotus: "Make sure Kaede-chan isn't injured!"
*Ah, yes, yes.*
Shuma: "How about you, Kaede? It looks you were hit in the face."
Kaede: "Ah, yes. Well, Mari-chan licked me, so pain and stuff like that has gone away. Thank you, Mari-chan."
Mari: "Well, hahaha..."
*Eh? What's this? Yuri (girls' love)?*
Shuma: "I-I see. I'm glad you are okay. But don't you ever do such a dangerous thing again!"
Mari: "He's right. I'm sturdier than humans so I would be alright if you hadn't helped me."
Kaede: "...I'm sorry. But my very important friend was in danger so my body moved before I knew it."
Mari: "I-I understand..."
Shuma: "What? Are you embarrassed? Good, you've got a 'very important' friend now."
Mari: "Nothing like that!"
Kaede: "Hehe."
Lotus: "Yes, yes. It's wonderful to have good friends. Just..."
*I know what he wants to say.*
Shuma: "Well, I don't mind if you keep deepening your friendship as it is now."
*I glance at the opposite side of the warehouse.*
Mari: "Ah."
Kaede: "Ah."
*Over there, an unworldly spectacle has been unfolding.*
Lycoris: "Damn!! If only you hadn't come, my play would have been competed!! Die a shameful death, I say!!"
**
Calen: "Oh dear. I am not pleased with your outburst of anger."
Lycoris: "Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn!!"
**
Calen: "Your way of simply depending on numbers is so shallow that you make me yawn."
Lycoris: "When it comes to war, numbers are everything, I say!!"
**
Calen: "However many mediocre soldiers there are, they are no match for the absolute one. Vampires and progenitors are as such. You misjudged your opponents."
Lycoris: "Tsk!"
Shuma: "They seem to have taken the battle on to a whole other level.
*Their superhuman battle makes my running around and gasping look like a joke.*
Kaede: "A-amazing."
Mari: "Wow, Lady Calen is so into it."
Shuma: "Do I need to intervene?"
Mari: "Please do your best! Master, you can do it!!"
*Hey, what she just said, is that right?*
Kaede: "Well...Big Brother, don't get hurt."
Lotus: "Do not worry! Leave Shuma to me!"
*Hey. He's always fired up in front of Kaede. And this is my dad's thought...*
Shuma: "Alright then, I'll go for a while. It's time to finish with Lycoris."
Mari: "Master..."
Shuma: "Mari, find shelter with Kaede and you'll save me trouble if you collect Aoi at the same time."
Mari: "I understand!"
*I entrust Mari with Kaede and Aoi who will only slow me down. I'm off to the battleground!!*
*Honestly, I don't want to step into the middle of their nasty and messy fight.*
*But if I run away now, I am not a man!!*
Shuma: "Waaahhh!!"
Lycoris: "Shuma?!!"
*After moving to a spot where I can deliver a pincer attack with Calen, I shout loudly to draw Lycoris' attention and begin to close in.*
*Naturally, Lycoris knows my attack is coming but if she shifts her attention to me, Calen won't miss the chance.*
Calen: "Hehe..."
*Frankly, it's the same tactic Aoi and the girls used. I don't say it's retaliation, but it's effective because it's simple!*
Lycoris: "Damn!!"
*A moment of doubt. That is all we need!!*
*I speed up further and draw close to her without stopping, and...*
Shuma: "I will cut down that life force!!"
Lycoris: "Tsk!"
*What I'm going to cut is Ladybug, who is dwelling in Lycoris' body! Once I cut, I should be able to release Lycoris like the girls crazed by Ephemera!*
Shuma: "Waaahhh!!"
Lycoris: "...!!!"
Shuma: "Not deep enough...?"
*I thought I caught her with Deesse Morte for sure. However, Lycoris with her amazing sense of balance and physical abilities managed to insert her scythe in between, so I ended up tearing her body only slightly.*
Lycoris: "Damn, what is this...? I'm losing my strength..."
*Still, the effect of Deesse Morte affects Lycoris and she loses her balance.*
Calen: "You are open to attack from every direction."
Lycoris: "You butthole, I say!!"
*Calen's strings close in on Lycoris and try to restrain her, but they're blocked by the scythe being swung in every direction.*
*As I expected, she's very hard to deal with.*
Calen: "Well, well. You can hold on very well. However, I wonder how long you will last."
Lycoris: "Haa, haa, haa... Arrgh, it's so hard!! 2 versus 1 is so unfair!!"
Shuma: "Now look who's talking!"
*You were saying when it comes to war, numbers were everything.*
Lycoris: "I mean, that sword is too much trouble. Cutting life force? What is that? I got a little cut but it's so exhausting, and when did YOU become a progenitor anyway..."
Lycoris: "I hadn't heard...ugh, aaaaaargh!!"
Shuma: "Lycoris?!"
Calen: "Oh?"
*Lycoris suddenly writhes in agony and lets go of the scythe. She puts both hands on the floor so she's down on all fours. Then, she slowly gets up.*
Lycoris: "Haa, haa, haa..."
*The evil I felt until recently from her now quiets down.*
*This is...*
Lycoris: "Shuma... Do it now, my blood... While I keep Ladybug down...!"
Shuma: "Does Ladybug's control weaken?"
*Calen stops me when I try to quickly run to Lycoris.*
Calen: "...Trap. Possibly it could be."
Shuma: "Eh?"
Lycoris: "Haaooo...it won't last very long, I think. Quick...Ladybug...out of me..."
Lotus: "It is certain we can hardly feel Lady Pumila's life force coming out of her body anymore."
Lotus: "There is a possibility to damage her own life force, if you cut her in this situation...I suppose."
*Dad's words are not articulate, either.*
*Lycoris' face shows her pain. If we think that a strike of Deesse Morte weakened Laybug's control, it makes sense.*
Shuma: "Calen, please restrain Lycoris' body so that we'll be able to deal with her...if it is a trap."
Calen: "...I understand."
*After hesitating a few seconds, Calen immediately manipulates the strings and restrains Lycoris as asked.*
Lycoris: "...Do whatever, I say. Quick!"
*I have the wind taken out of my sails by Lycoris who accepted the restraints easily, but still, I keep my guard up as I approach her.*
Lycoris: "You need to coil the strings around this...defenseless girl so many times... You are chicken, I say, Shuma."
Shuma: "Call me careful instead."
*I stand in front of Lycoris. It seems to be true that she is defenseless.*
Lycoris: "Now, do it quick, I say. Shuma!"
Shuma: "Alright."
*As Lycoris tells me, I move my face to her nape.*
Calen: "......"
*Calen is on guard for me. I bite Lycoris without hesitation.*
Lycoris: "Uh, khh...mmm! Ah, haa..."
*I hold a weakening Lycoris at the waist and concentrate on blood sucking.*
Lycoris: "...Ah, aaah, ah, ah..."
Shuma: "...*Gulp*...*gulp*..."
*Maybe because I have awakened as a progenitor, her blood doesn't choke me as it did the first time.*
*Rather, it smoothly comes into my body...and agrees with me quite well.*
Lycoris: "Haahn, more...more. I want you to suck it all out..."
*I know that. But I let Ladybug get away before which allowed it to control Lycoris once again.*
*To avoid repeating the same mistake, I will suck her blood hard enough as if to leave her completely dry. Still, it will be a problem if I drain her too much, so I'll do my best to take only life force.*
Lycoris: "Ah...aaah, I feel it. The foreign object inside me is quickly getting weak..."
*Her heated voice hits my ear. This may be my first time to suck blood for this long a time.*
Lycoris: "Cum...cumming, I say. Inside my head, all white...ah, ah, aaaah!!"
*My life force must be flowing into her more or less while I suck her blood.*
*I feel she is getting aroused more and more. As she is now, soon she will be...*
Lycoris: "Hehe."
Shuma: "!!"
*A chilling laughter comes into my ear. Next moment...*
Lycoris: "Mmmhaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!"
Shuma: "*Gulp*?!"
*While Lycoris is reaching orgasm, a massive amount of life force streams into me through her blood.*
*It is exactly like a muddy stream, and its flow has a force that could tear my body from the inside.*
Lotus: "What is this?!"
Shuma: "*Ptooey*!!"
Calen: "Shuma-san?!"
*I push away Lycoris' body almost unintentionally, but I quickly calm down and stretch my arms out to support her.*
Lycoris: "Gah?!"
Shuma: "Oh...sorry."
*I fall just one step short and Lycoris ends up kissing the concrete floor.*
Calen: "Are you alright, Shuma-san? Has she done something to you?"
Shuma: "Haa, haa...n-no, I was just a bit surprised."
*I wave my hand and try to relieve Calen who approaches me with concern.*
*The reality is, just a massive amount of life force came rushing into me and now I feel nothing...*
**Thump*!!*
*Uh-oh. I might have sucked too much blood. I feel a little feverish.*
Lotus: "......"
Shuma: "It has finally finished...hasn't it?"
Calen: "I do not feel the sign of Lady Pumila's familiar."
Lycoris: "*Topsy-turvy*..."
*I observe Lycoris' condition. Except for temporarily losing blood and life force, and being faint from kissing the floor, she looks fine.*
Shuma: "Well, then..."
Mari: "Master!!"
*Seeing the faces of Mari and Kaede running to us, I realize I succeeded in protecting their smiles.*
Shuma: "Let's go home."
Calen: "I suppose so."
Aoi: "Hee...hoo...haa..."
Lycoris: "Dead tired..."
*Calen*
*Oh, no! How can the low-class Rubina bunch relax so easily on the couch in the living room of the the progenitor, Shuma-san's house?"*
Aoi: "Arrgh, I don't care about those things...I want to rest... If I rest now in that crappy apartment, I'll die, die from weakness...so I'm staying here..."
**Sigh*... Considering what happened, how can they be like this, really?*
Shuma: "Calen, you need life force. You can have them."
Calen: "Itadakimasu!!!"
Aoi: "Nooooo..."
Lycoris: "Deeeead..."
*After the battle, we waited for the victimized girls to come to their senses. Finally, we went back home.*
*We succeeded in saving Lycoris, which we wished to do for a long time. However, Aoi is exhausted from having her life force cut with Deesse Morte and from so much fighting.*
*Added to the weakness coming from excessive blood sucking, Lycoris seems to be affected from long-term possession by Ladybug, and currently she is down.*
*We couldn't leave them as they were so we brought them home with us, but they are really worn out.*
*One saving grace is Calen is having fun. Well, I'm also pretty much avoiding this reality.*
*...Mari, help me. I think this and look toward Mari and Kaede.*
Kaede: "...A-ah...well."
Mari: "Kaede-san, Kaede-san, Kaede-san, Kaede-san, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Kaede: "Ah, well, Mari-chan?"
Calen: "Oh dear. Over there, they are getting along very well."
*Mari was normal until we got home. Yes, she was normal!*
*But as soon as she was in the living room, caught her breath and became relaxed...*
Mari: "Waaaaaaah, Kaede-san!"
*She became like this.*
Kaede: "S-stop. Why are you apologizing. It's all my fault because...I'm not much of a talker and timid..."
Kaede: "And, perverted."
*Ah.*
Mari: "It's not like that, not like that... I'm the one who is timid...*sob sob*...!
Kaede: "Why? Mari-chan, you protected me a lot. You protected Big Brother many times, too."
Mari: "I'm a maid. It's my duty to protect. Kaede-san, you protected me, too!"
Mari: "I knew you were a nice person and you thought of me as your friend, Kaede-san."
Mari: "But I was afraid... I thought humans would never like werewolves. So I was dishonest with you. I lied that I was normal!"
Kaede: "Ah, come to think of it, it's so. When I told you I was scared of vampires, you said like they were nothing to you."
Mari: "I'm sorry!! I am horrible..."
Kaede: "No, it's okay. I was hiding an important thing."
Kaede: "...That I am a pervert!"
*Aaah.*
Mari: "Kaede-san...I'm..."
Kaede: "I'm sorry, Mari-chan."
Mari: "Me, too. I'm sorry, Kaede-san."
Calen: "They made peace, I suppose?"
Shuma: "Yeah!"
Mari: "How are your wounds? They hurt you, didn't they? Do you want me to lick them again?"
Kaede: "Oh, no-no, you don't need to. If you do it again...I will lose control..."
*Aaah. Huh? Usually a noisy voice starts echoing in my head right about now...*
*Maybe I'm worrying too much?*
Mari: "Phew..."
*The hour is late, so Kaede went home.*
*Inside the living room it's still noisy, so I escape from it and decide to take this opportunity to spend time with Mari.*
Shuma: "Mari."
Mari: "Master...thank you very much."
Shuma: "Did I do anything you need to thank me for?"
Mari: "I made up with her."
Shuma: "You have a job to stay by me so that I won't abandon my humanity. So it's a draw."
Mari: "Hehe, yes."
Mari: "I'd like to have the courage to believe in humans a little more."
Shuma: "You had it from the beginning, didn't you?"
Mari: "Master, you gave me the courage. Certainly."
Mari: "You were a vampire, but you were saying soft things like humans. But because I've been with you like that..."
Mari: "Hehe. I...have a friend."
Shuma: "Yeah. I'm happy for you."
Mari: "Yeah!"
*I didn't know Mari could have such a carefree and lovable smile.*
*Knowing it is enough to feel that I can keep going as a vampire from now on.*
*As long as Mari is next to me, I can feel so much more relaxed.*
Shuma: "Mari. I'm the one to thank you."
Mari: "Eh?"
Shuma: "That feeling of yours cheers me up. Because you are the one who went along with my refusal to lose humanity even though you complained."
Mari: "...No, no, please don't say such an embarrassing thing all of a sudden."
Shuma: "Mari, I love you."
Mari: "E-eh?! I-I'm a werewolf and maid, and Master, you're master so well, what am I trying to say..."
Mari: "Mmm...!"
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Mmm, ah...ahhoooh...!"
*Mari's soft lips are touching mine.*
*A moan slips from her lips. I smell Mari's scent. I hear a voice I've never heard before.*
*The kiss may be sweeter and tastier than blood.*
Mari: "Mmm...Master."
Shuma: "Didn't you like it?"
Mari: "Yes. Thank you."
Mari: "After all, maybe I love you too, Master."
Shuma: "Even though you kept saying you didn't understand me."
Mari: "Yes. But I know the best part of you, Master."
Mari: "So...really, I don't understand myself. So it's okay to say I love you, I guess."
Shuma: "Haha, then you are a fool."
Mari: "Yes, I am. I am a fool. I was."
Mari: "So from now, I'll take back the days I lost because I closed myself off and remained timid."
Mari: "...*Kiss*...mmm...!"
Shuma: "Mmm...?"
Mari: "Mmm..."
Mari: "...Hehehe."
**Thump*.*
====================E-MR03_01.TXT====================
Iris: "*Evil chuckle*... Hahhahahahaha!!"
Iris: "I cannot stop laughing. The pawn was too much of an idiot and gave me a headache, but she did it very well in the end."
Iris: "Now, Shuma Embroche has completely awakened as a progenitor. The once broken barrier has started to work as it was originally intended. We will not have to tolerate tedious interference any longer."
Iris: "Moreover, the reaction of Shuma Embroche... I gave it a try since I had nothing to lose, however it seems to be going well!"
Iris: "Such a long time...but finally. Finally my wish for the reunion seems to be fulfilled this time, well, Aconite."
Iris: "Our reunion should be as exciting as it possibly can be. Well, how shall I plan the party?"
Iris: "Simply thinking about it, *evil chuckle*...ah, hahahaha!!"
Shuma: "Mmm...it's a nice day today, too."
*Somehow, unlike before, the world looks dazzling and brilliant this morning.*
*There's a possibility I became a vampire rather than a progenitor, but I'm sure that is not it.*
Mari: "The progenitor, progenitor, my master is a vampire, he awakens as the progenitor, bow-wow, bow-wow♪"
*Hearing a cheery tune, I enter the living room and find Mari preparing breakfast with light footsteps.*
Shuma: "Good morning, Mari."
Mari: "Good morning, Master. You got up really early this morning."
*A really nice smile. My cheeks become hot unintentionally.*
*Yeah, this is what it is.*
*Yesterday, we put our conscious feelings into words, spoke our hearts and kissed.*
*This petite and cute maid agreed to be my girlfriend.*
*I deeply feel that I'm a lucky guy.*
Mari: "Why do you keep staring at me like that?"
Mari: "No, you're embarrassing me."
Shuma: "You look cute when you are embarrassed, too."
Mari: "Ew... What an insufferable line! Master, did you pick up something bad and eat it behind my back?"
Shuma: "Who do you think I am?!"
Mari: "Hehe, I'm joking."
Mari: "Now you're a full-fledged vampire. You play around with a maid, suck her blood and have sex with her, then completely turn her into your woman."
Shuma: "Right there?! The standard of vampires is filled with lust."
Mari: "You desire to spend raunchy days doing this and that and all you lust for with your maid, Mari-chan, who has a gap between her innocent looks and her real age, which is older than you, am I correct?"
Shuma: "I never said that much."
Mari: "That means you are thinking about something close to it. Eww, dirty."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Mari: "Nyah, nyah, nyah, dirty vampire. Dirty nasty vampire♪"
Shuma: "Who is a dirty nasty vampire?"
Mari: "Then, the lolicon progenitor. Hey, lolicon progenitor♪"
Shuma: "I'm not a lolicon. Never say that in front of our neighbors. Don't create unnecessary misunderstandings."
Lotus: "Don't say things like that. Loli IS justice. Loli IS the greatest treasure. You have no need to feel ashamed of being called "lolicon". Rather, be proud!"
Shuma: "Hey, Dad. You shut up!"
Shuma: "Really, you're so hyped up in the morning."
Mari: "Not really like that. I'm the same as usual."
Shuma: "Yes, yes. You are hyped up."
Shuma: "Oh, maybe...you are trying to hide your embarrassed feelings."
Mari: "――!"
Shuma: "Eh...seriously?"
Mari: "P-please ignore that kind of thing if you notice it! You are too insensitive!"
*Damn, she is too cute...!*
Lotus: "You lucky man. She is too lovely to be yours. It's quite regrettable that I don't have a body."
*Yeah, I totally agree with you.*
Shuma: "Hey, can I hug you tight? As tight as I want?"
Mari: "No, you can't. It's embarrassing."
Shuma: "Why not? Only for a short time, please? I really want to hug you right now."
Mari: "I said no, it's embarrassing."
Calen: "...What's this? It is quite noisy this early morning."
Mari: "Aw! No-nothing, really!"
Calen: "In that case, please let me sleep...for a while. *Flop*...*zzz*..."
*Calen flops down on the table and falls asleep.*
Shuma: "We've been interrupted, unfortunately."
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "Maybe you're feeling disappointed, too, Mari?"
Mari: "I am not."
Shuma: "Well, we are living under the same roof. We'll have so many chances."
Mari: "Your lust is uncontained and leaking out, the dirty progenitor master."
Shuma: "It sounds like there's an extra adjective in there."
*But it's impossible not to be hyped up.*
*The very first girlfriend. Moreover, we live together and our relationship is that of maid and master.*
*Under this condition, a healthy young man like me cannot help letting his fantasies run wild and youth go crazy thinking this and that.*
*What I mean is, it's impossible not to expect sexy situations.*
*Above all, it is substantial that I'm relaxed enough to think about these kinds of things.*
*If Iris' purpose is to awaken me as a progenitor, it has already been fulfilled.*
*I released Aoi and Lycoris from Iris' control so that trouble is now settled. I won't be attacked any longer.*
*Finally, peaceful days like before have come back.*
*Except for one big difference.*
Shuma: "Say, Mari, are you happy that I awakened as a progenitor?"
Mari: "Why are you asking me that now? I said that from the beginning. The reason I've been serving you is for that purpose."
Mari: "Up to now, I felt ashamed because you were unsatisfactory and not presentable anywhere."
Shuma: "Hey, who was not presentable?"
Mari: "But now, I can brag that my master is the progenitor. I am so proud♪"
*She's really excited.*
*Honestly, I have some mixed feelings about being completely superhuman through this chain of events.*
*I was human but I cannot live as one anymore. I'm worried about it.*
*However, seeing Mari happy with a smiling face makes me strangely feel that what I am now isn't so bad.*
*I place my hand on her head lightly and pet her with affection.*
Mari: "Hehe!"
*Damn, she is so cute, really!*
Shuma: "It's earlier than usual, training...that's not it anymore. How about going for walk?"
Mari: "Yes, Master!"
Mari: "Bow-wow, bow-wow♪"
*Circling around me happily, Mari walks with me.*
*I make her hide her ears and tail, but if they were out, she would be wagging her tail so hard it might fall off.*
Mari: "Tell me, is this a date, too?"
Shuma: "Hmm, now you said it. Yeah, I think so. This is different from before and we can call it a date."
*All we did was go steady. Still, we are doing the same thing as before but it feels really fresh for some reason.*
Lotus: "Hmm, a healthy early morning date. Wonderful being young."
*Well, the part where I brought my dad with me is rather questionable.*
Shuma: "Now we've arrived."
*I quickly take out a flying disc.*
Mari: "Master, quick, quick♪"
*Hmm...she's excited to the max. Just in this moment, her ears and tail pop out. And she's ready to fetch it.*
Shuma: "How many times did I say that is not the way to play with a flying disc..."
Mari: "Woof?"
Shuma: "Well, I guess it's okay."
Shuma: "Okay, ready. Go!"
Mari: "Bow-wow boooooow♪"
*Ah, how wonderful it is to have peace.*
Mari: "Mmm, I feel refreshed and so healthy."
Shuma: "We ran as much as we could."
Mari: "No, it wasn't that much. I can do more. Would you like to race to school with me?"
Shuma: "No, I wouldn't. I'm exhausted."
Mari: "*Pissed*! How disappointing."
Calen: "You are in a very good mood this morning. I am extremely sleepy...*yawn*..."
Mari: "Hehe."
*Mari glances at me and smiles shyly.*
*A trivial thing like that makes me happy and I myself cannot help smiling.*
Mari: "Master."
*Mari extends her hand quietly and grips my hand with embarrassment.*
*I squeeze back her small and soft hand.*
Mari: "Hehe!"
Calen: "Well, well, well, this is what it is."
Mari: "Oops, you've noticed it. Hehe."
Calen: "Yes, it is utterly obvious. You show it quite openly. Something would be wrong with me if I had not noticed it."
Shuma: "Ugh... I didn't mean to show it so openly."
Calen: "Oh, have you being hiding it from me?"
Shuma: "No, I didn't mean to hide it or anything like that. Just, I mean, I was wondering when I would tell you about it."
Shuma: "You see, Calen, you are tentatively staying at my place as my fiancee."
Calen: "Oh, such a concern is unnecessary."
Calen: "Did I not say that before? It is fitting for a progenitor to be able to make mistresses of his one or two maids."
Shuma: "But still..."
*I'm devoted to Mari only.*
*It is certainly a man's dream to have his women in many places, but I don't feel right.*
Calen: "It will all be settled as long as I become your official wife in the end. I'm not upset simply because you have one or two mistresses."
Calen: "So, as long as you do remember that, we will be fine."
Mari: "Now now, stop!"
Mari: "The official wife is me. It is decided already Lady Calen, so please be satisfied with becoming the second."
Calen: "You dare tell me, a daughter of the Officinalis, a blood relative of a progenitor, to play second fiddle to a mere doggie maid?"
Mari: "I tell you, yes I tell you. For Master, Lady Calen, you don't mean much."
Calen: "You have some nerve."
Mari: "You want a piece of me? Bring it on!"
Shuma: "You two STOP!!"
Shuma: "Our neighbors are looking at us! Gossiping about us! Please don't do that in public!"
Calen: "What are you saying, the progenitor? Do not undignify yourself by being concerned with humans' common gossip. Be more imposing and let them serve you."
Mari: "That's right. With effort, I've become your girlfriend, so I'd tell it to everybody in the neighborhood if I could."
Shuma: "No, seriously, please spare me..."
Kaede: "*Giggle*."
*I hear an unexpected snicker and turn around. Kaede is giggling with her hand covering her mouth and her expression says she can't bear it anymore.*
Mari: "Ah, Kaede-chan! Good morning. Hehe."
*Mari runs quickly to Kaede. She holds on to her arm and follows her about.*
*Up to now, she was fighting for me. I feel a little jealous.*
Kaede: "Good morning, Mari-chan. Big Brother and Calen-san, too."
Shuma: "Yeah, good morning, Kaede."
Calen: "Good morning, Kaede-san."
Kaede: "So Big Brother and Mari-chan going steady. Congratulations."
Mari: "Hehe. Thank you, Kaede-san."
Shuma: "Yeah. So please help Mari from now on."
Kaede: "Yes, I will."
Kaede: "But I feel a little sad."
Shuma: "Sad?"
Calen: "Possibly you think of Shuma-san in such a way, too? Many things have happened. If you consider him as your special man, it cannot be helped, I suppose."
Shuma: "Eh, is that so?!"
*That's not good. I've done many things to her but she's purely a girl in the neighborhood who's like a sister to me.*
Kaede: "No. Really nothing has been changed. He's still a gentleman in the neighborhood who's like an older brother to me."
*Hearing her deny it simply gives me mixed feelings.*
Kaede: "It's not like that. Just I feel Big Brother took Mari-chan away from me."
Kaede: "Mari-chan. Don't date with Big Brother only, spend time with me too...please?"
Mari: "Of course, Kaede-chan♪"
Mari: "If you like, I'll neglect dates with my master and go out to play with you, Kaede-chan."
Kaede: "Haha. Thank you, Mari-chan. But please prioritize dates with Big Brother. He looks like he's about to cry."
Shuma: "I see. My rival is Kaede."
Mari: "Oh no, I'm joking, Master♪"
*No, you are half serious, aren't you?*
*In any case, it's honestly a good thing that Mari has a nice friend she can think about this much, yeah.*
Kaede: "See you after school."
Mari: "Yes. I'll see you at the club room."
*As I separate from Kaede, enter the classroom and sit at my desk, two shadows stand in front of me.*
Lycoris: "Shuma, thanks for taking care of us yesterday."
Aoi: "We apologize for sneaking out of the house without thanking you."
Shuma: "O-oh, don't worry about it."
*Huh? Weren't they with us...this morning?*
*My head was filled with Mari so I didn't notice it at all.*
Aoi: "We were in an alliance purely for the goal of saving Lycoris. Now that it is accomplished, we cannot have a secret liaison with you."
Lycoris: "As Rubina agents, we won't look as we should if we keep depending on vampires."
Mari: "When I checked the room this morning, the beds were empty, so I guessed it would be something like this."
Shuma: "As for me, I wish we could continue this way and get along regardless of vampires or the Rubina."
Aoi: "That can't be. We must keep things straight."
Lycoris: "Above all, Shuma became a progenitor. We cannot leave him alone."
Calen: "So, you will come after Shuma-san's life. Is that your intention?"
Mari: "How dare you to repay kindness with ingratitude after being helped by him so many times. I will never let you do that."
*Mari stands in front of Aoi and Lycoris to protect me.*
Shuma: "Stop, Mari. It's alright."
Mari: "But Master."
*It's not that they're trying to attack me right here, and I understand their position.*
Aoi: "I perfectly know this is shameless. But please do not think badly of us because this is our mission."
Lycoris: "Our target is only Shuma and Calen. But if you get in the way, we will eliminate you, I say."
Mari: "Please bring it on. I won't let you lay a finger on him."
Shuma: "Wait, wait. Don't touch Mari. And Calen is later, too. If you come after us, do me first, alright?"
*I stand up in a hurry and stop Mari from trying to go after them.*
*I'm happy to know her feelings, but as a man, even before my being a progenitor, I cannot allow Mari to take the brunt of their first attacks.*
Aoi: "...It's okay, I guess. We will spare you for the time being."
Lycoris: "For a while, we'll devote ourselves to observing you, analyze your plans and fighting power to judge what Shuma, the progenitor, will do next."
Aoi: "If we judge you as dangerous to humans, we'll come to eliminate you, immediately. Remember that."
*Facing away coldly, Aoi turns around and walks away from us.*
*Then, suddenly she stops and mutters in a subdued voice.*
Aoi: "We're all five by five then. Alright."
*Lycoris waves her hand a little then follows Aoi.*
Mari: "...What did they want to do after all?"
Calen: "Namely, under the pretext of observing Shuma-san to judge his power as a progenitor, they will leave you alone by way of their gratitude, I suppose."
Shuma: "Probably. That's Aoi and Lycoris' way of thanking me."
Mari: "What is that? It's quite one-sided and hard to understand their feelings of gratitude."
Shuma: "But thanks to it, I can relax a while for sure. I feel thankful that I'll be able to have quiet days."
Lotus: "If you don't want to fight with Aoi and Lycoris, why don't you make them your familiars and serve you? Now that you are a progenitor, you can do something like that."
Lotus: "Unlike your mother, luckily Maritima seems not to complain if you have other girls to wait on you."
Shuma: "I can't do it like that, really. As for me, I'm happy as long as Mari is with me."
Mari: "Huh? What was that?"
Shuma: "Nothing, really."
Male Friend: "Hey, Shuma. It sounded like there was a heated quarrel, finally the scene of a blood bath?"
Shuma: "Don't say 'finally'. It's nothing like that."
Male Friend: "First of all, it's not fair. How come you're the only one with a lot of girls around you?"
Shuma: "As I said it's nothing like that."
*It wasn't like that before, but now it's not so far from the truth.*
*In any case, I have a respectable girlfriend like Mari.*
Sakurako: "Around Shuma is totally like, a harem. With me at the head of the list, we're all beautiful girls."
Male Friend: "........."
Shuma: "......"
Sakurako: "......"
Male Friend: "O-oh, I guess so. Yeah."
Shuma: "Beautiful girls...yeah, right. All beautiful girls with you at the head of the list."
Sakurako: "Don't give me those half-hearted smiles! Half-hearted kindness can sometimes hurt people's feelings! Please butt in on my joke!"
*Even this stupid exchange makes realize normal days are back and I feel happy.*
*Ah, peace is truly awesome.*
*First thing I'll do when I get back home will be to lie down on my bed and relax.*
Shuma: "Phew... It's great to have time to spare."
*Troubles have finished, so training is unnecessary unless I want it. The same goes for night patrol.*
*I can spend a day free and easy to myself.*
Lotus: "Right. You've been pretty busy these days."
Lotus: "However, there is no more time for you to talk like an imbecile. You have awakened as a progenitor."
Lotus: "That means you must learn appropriate usage of your powers, acquire dignity and knowledge which is suitable to a progenitor."
Shuma: "Ah, starving, starving. What will tonight's dinner be?"
Lotus: "Hey! You must listen to me properly."
Shuma: "Please, let's save the serious talk for later."
Lotus: "Good grief, really, why are you like this, Shuma?"
*Huh, Mari?*
Mari: "My lady..."
Mari: "I promise to make Master, no, Shuma-san happy. So please do not worry about anything."
*Mari...you have joined your hands in prayer for my mother.*
Shuma: "Mari."
Mari: "Whoa?! Ma-Master?!"
Mari: "Well, maybe you..."
Shuma: "Yeah, my fault but I heard everything."
Mari: "No, well, that was... What should I say...?"
Shuma: "Thank you, Mari..."
Mari: "What...Master?"
Shuma: "Thank you for joining your hands in prayer for Mom. And for thinking about me like that."
Shuma: "You're right. I must tell her about us properly. I'm sorry I wasn't thinking."
Mari: "Oh no. I went ahead and did it all by myself."
*I move next to Mari and stand in front of my mother's photo.*
*Then, I hug Mari close to me by the shoulder.*
Shuma: "Mom, we decided to go steady."
Shuma: "This is the girl I love...Mari is the most important and dearest true love."
Mari: "Master..."
Shuma: "She's been working so hard for me. No wonder, she is the maid you raised."
Shuma: "So, you don't worry about anything. Stay relaxed and watch over us."
Mari: "I love you very much, Master. I promise you that I will make you absolutely happy."
Mari: "And, and, I will lift you up to be a vampire that won't shame the name of the progenitor."
Shuma: "Mari...is the last part necessary?"
Mari: "To me, very much."
*She nods with an extremely serious face.*
Shuma: "Is that so? Well, then I'm counting on you."
Mari: "Yes. Please leave it to me!"
*Mom, do you see us? Mari is truly a good girl.*
Mari: "Now, we've finished reporting to Lady Embroche. Let's have dinner."
Shuma: "Let's do that. Actually, I'm hungry."
Shuma: "Huh? Where is Calen?"
Mari: "Sakurako called her up and she left. Probably, she'll have dinner at Sakurako-san's."
*That means we are alone for a while.*
*Hmm... Really stupid to feel this way, but now that I'm aware of it, I feel nervous.*
*Because it's night, isn't it?*
Shuma: "A-alright, what's tonight's dinner?"
Mari: "Hehehe. Please look forward to it. I cooked only your favorites."
Shuma: "Oh, I can't wait."
Shuma: "*Burp*... They were all so good that I overate a little."
Mari: "I'm happy that you're pleased. Here, please have some tea."
Shuma: "Thanks. *Sip*...*phew*..."
*I sip tea and take a break.*
*I took Mari's food for granted and just ate it. Then, suddenly it's become a supreme feast because of the added value called, "cooked by my girlfriend."*
*Moreover, only my favorites are lined up on the table. It's impossible not to be filled with happiness and feel dreamy both in my stomach and soul.*
Mari: "What would you like to have tomorrow?"
Shuma: "We just ate now but you're already talking about the next dinner?"
Mari: "While I saw you leaving the plates clean, I started to have an itch to cook more."
Shuma: "Anything you cook for me is okay."
Mari: "That 'anything' is the most troublesome."
*Mari puts her hands on her waist and puffs her cheeks.*
*Suddenly my mother overlaps her.*
*She often said, "That 'anything' is the most troublesome to me", with her hands on her waist and puffed cheeks just like Mari.*
Shuma: "It kind of takes me back."
Lotus: "Ah, it reminds me of the past, too."
Mari: "Huh, about what?"
Shuma: "No, I just thought I was glad that I fell in love with you."
Mari: "W-what are you saying all of a sudden?"
Shuma: "Oh, you're feeling shy!"
Mari: "Seriously, Master."
Shuma: "Oops, I'll go and take a bath before being scolded."
*Taking this opportunity, maybe I should really take a bath.*
Shuma: "I haven't taken a bath this time of day for a long time."
*I take off the necklace and my shirt.*
Mari: "Oh? You're really taking a bath."
Shuma: "*Shriek*... Mari, you're so naughty!"
Mari: "Eww... What was that creepy reaction?"
Shuma: "Don't say creepy. Then, what?"
Mari: "Well, I thought it was just an excuse."
Mari: "But I see. You are really taking a bath..."
Shuma: "What? You have nothing to do, I'll be grateful if you leave."
*It's still embarrassing to strip down naked in this situation.*
Mari: "...Then, would you like to take a bath with me?"
Shuma: "What?!"
Mari: "Hey, Master, your face is so close to mine. You're into it way too much."
Shuma: "Oops, sorry. By accident."
Shuma: "But, you said you'll take a bath with me. Were you serious?"
Mari: "Don't ask again with your body leaning over me so much. Now you're making me feel embarrassed."
Mari: "As a maid, I'm asking if you would like me to wash your back."
Shuma: "Oh...that's what you meant."
*Damn, really, I expected more sexy development.*
Mari: "Eww, your face says that was totally not what you expected. You're truly 'Sir Dirty Progenitor', Master."
====================E-MR03_02H_N.TXT====================
*............*
====================E-MR03_03A.TXT====================
Shuma: "Phew..."
*I put down the pen and close my diary.*
*I lean on the backrest and look up at the ceiling.*
Shuma: "I am me."
*I voice this phrase intentionally.*
*After going steady with Mari and spending a day with her, I've realized...*
*...my wish is to continue having normal and happy days like today from now on.*
Shuma: "......"
*Everything was supposed to be finished already...but why does this vague anxiety keep bubbling up inside me?*
*This uncomfortable feeling that exists within me...*
*Anxiety makes me worry that these happy normal days I wish to continue might end immediately, they're far from lasting forever.*
Shuma: "Is this what they mean by 'I'm so happy that it scares me?' "
Shuma: "I hope it's only that..."
Mari: "Alright, I'll work hard today."
*Maid clothes brace me up physically and mentally.*
Mari: "First I'll prepare breakfast and lunch. What am I going to make today?"
*Until now, I did maid work because it was my job.*
*I am a maid and it was a job to take care of the son left by Her Ladyship, whom I hold in high esteem...and His Lordship too. And Master was a vampire to be the progenitor.*
*So, I wasn't a familiar but worked as a maid.*
*But now, these words are far from being enough to explain this feeling inside me.*
Mari: "I want to give well-balanced, tasty and delicious-looking meals to my master♪"
*I have so much fun working when I think I'm taking care of the one I love so very much.*
*He complained about this and that, but Master has finally become a progenitor so both Lady and Lord Embroche will surely be relieved.*
*As a maid of the Embroche family, I look good publicly and can be proud, too.*
*But above all else...*
Shuma: "This is the girl I love...Mari is the most important and dearest true love."
Mari: "......"
Mari: "Heh..."
Mari: "Hehehehe!"
*I'm the one Master loves. The most important and "dearest true love".*
Mari: "Oh, goodness gracious! I am so loved!"
*I don't know since when Master has been looking at me like this, but each time I think about it, my cheeks loosen up.*
*In the beginning, my thoughts of him went only so far as, "Can he really be a progenitor and carry the weight?" or "He's so fixated on humans. Such a pain".*
*He confessed his love to me, I accepted it and we kissed. I surprised myself.*
Mari: "There are more cute and good-looking girls around him."
Mari: "His choosing me makes me feel Master is indeed His Lordship's son, or more like a descendant of the Embroche family."
*Last night in the bathroom, too, so many times... It's like there aren't any parts left on my body which Master hasn't touched yet... He did so many things to me.*
*Again and again, inside me...unbelievably so much...*
Mari: "Really, Master is indeed a dirty progenitor vampire."
Mari: "Master is my master and I'm his maid. In principle, we're not supposed to fall in love or have a sexual relationship."
Mari: "Yes, yes. That's right. I must restrain him a little and limit our relationship to that of a master and his maid."
*Otherwise, because he is as he is, he'll surely escalate and try to do dirty things to me wherever he wants.*
Mari: "Good morning, there."
Mari: "Ah, no Master. Dangerous. I'm in the middle of cooking."
Mari: "When I saw you from the back, I remembered last night's naughty Mari and now I'm horny."
Mari: "Master is the naughty one. I was embarrassed and didn't want to do it but Master told me to..."
Mari: "You say that now, but Mari, now you remember last night and want this, don't you?"
Mari: "Oh no, please don't press your hard thing against my butt."
Mari: "You say that but you are expecting it, aren't you? Because you're a naughty maid, Mari. There!"
====================E-MR03_03A_N.TXT====================
Mari: "Something like this might happen!"
====================E-MR03_03B.TXT====================
Mari: "Oh, this isn't good. I must refuse firmly when the time comes. If I go easy on him, he'll certainly be conceited."
Mari: "Yes, the first time is important. I must be firm. Dirty Master as he is, he will definitely love this kind of situatio―"
Calen: "......"
Mari: "――?!!"
Calen: "Ah... I saw nothing. Well then, I will excuse myself."
Mari: "......"
Mari: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"
Kaede: "Well, what's wrong, Mari-chan? Don't you walk with Big Brother?"
Mari: "Ugh...that..."
Kaede: "Hey, Big Brother. Something wrong between Mari-chan and you?"
Shuma: "No, I really don't know why either."
*Master walks quickly to me. I've been keeping a slight distance from him.*
*So I quickly regain the distance in spite of myself.*
*I'm so embarrassed that I feel like fire is coming out of my face.*
Shuma: "See? She doesn't seem to be angry but keeps a distance and has been acting weird."
Shuma: "She's been like this since I woke up. She doesn't tell me the reason, so I don't know what's going on."
Calen: "Hehe."
Mari: "W-what is it, Lady Calen?"
Shuma: "Maybe, Calen, you know something?"
Kaede: "Tell me, Calen-san. What happened to Mari-chan?"
Calen: "Well, actually――"
Mari: "Waaah!! Waaah!! Lady Calen, tonight's dinner will be hamburgers and a specially selected tomato juice!!"
Calen: "――I saw nothing."
Kaede: "Hmm, Calen-san doesn't know it either."
Shuma: "I see. What is it anyway?"
Mari: "*Relieved*..."
Shuma: "Huh? You saw nothing?"
Mari: "Usual! I'm just as usual!"
*I get close to Master. Seriously, fire may really come out of my face.*
Calen: "Negotiations are completed, I suppose."
Mari: "Honestly, give me a break, please..."
Shuma: "What are you two doing secretly?"
Mari: "Nothing! Really nothing!"
Shuma: "O-oh, right."
Kaede: "You're not fighting with her, are you?"
Shuma: "No, I don't think so."
Mari: "No, we're not fighting. Don't worry."
Kaede: "Then, now that you are steady, you have to get along better. There, Big Brother, Mari-chan."
*Kaede-chan takes Master's and my hand, then joins them together.*
Mari: "Ooo..."
Kaede: "Ah, maybe Mari-chan, are you feeling shy? Cute♪"
Mari: "No, no, not shy or anything..."
Shuma: "Hey, Mari, are you feeling shy? You're cute."
Mari: "Re-really, Master."
*As he grips my hand firmly, I grip it back in spite of myself. Once I hold his hand, I like it so much that I cannot let it go.*
Shuma: "Okay, let's go to school like this."
Mari: "Aww..."
Shuma: "What? Don't you want to?"
Mari: "...I do."
Calen: "*Grin*."
Mari: "Lady Calen, why have you been acting like that?"
*Good grief. I feel like dying from embarrassment because of this country lady.*
*Usually she sleeps until the last moment. But why did she wake up early on this particular morning?*
*However...*
*Master's hand is big and warm.*
*No matter how many times I have sex with him, and how much bolder I become during sex, I feel this is completely different from that.*
*My chest becomes warm deep inside and my heart beats faster.*
*I wish I could keep holding his hand forever.*
Kaede: "I'm envious. Mari-chan, you look so happy."
Mari: "Do you think so? Hehehe!"
Kaede: "Seeing you together makes me want to have a boyfriend, really."
Mari: "Boyfriend for Kaede-chan?!"
Shuma: "No, no! It's still early for you, Kaede. I, as your Big Brother, will not allow it!"
Mari: "He is right. I don't remember raising you to be a loose girl like that!"
Kaede: "What?!"
Mari: "Master...!"
*While feeling comfortably lethargic, I tightly snuggle up to my master.*
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "...Master?"
Shuma: "Eh? Ah, Mari. What's wrong?"
Mari: "You were zoning out. Maybe, you are sleepy?"
Shuma: "Eh, was I zoning out?"
Mari: "Yes, you were."
Shuma: "Right. No, I'm not sleepy yet."
Mari: "Then, maybe you were so passionate that it made you tired."
Shuma: "Hmm, I wonder? You may be right."
Shuma: "I made love so many times with you tonight, too."
*Master pulls my body to him and gently embraces me with his arms. I bury my face into his chest like a spoiled child.*
Mari: "Hehe, I was loved so many times!"
*Our bare skin touches. I hear his heart beating. I smell a faint sweaty scent of my master and my own.*
*Somehow, I feel extremely secure.*
Mari: "Master...warm..."
*About 10 days have passed since I became Master's girlfriend.*
*We've dated, we've made love many times and my position as his girlfriend has completely become a matter of course.*
*Since then, days that simply passed by me before have all become special.*
*From when did I start to love my master so much?*
Mari: "*Yawn*...*mumble*..."
Shuma: "Mari, you look sleepy, too. You can sleep right here."
Mari: "Hehe, maybe I'll take him up on it."
Mari: "But..."
*Determined, I slip out of Master's arms and sit up.*
Mari: "Tonight, I will go back to my room and sleep."
Shuma: "No...I thought I could fall asleep holding you in my arms."
Mari: "Oh, no. If you look so disappointed, it's hard for me to leave."
Mari: "Tomorrow, we are going out with Kaede-chan, all three of us."
Shuma: "Yeah. We'll go a bit far and have a picnic in the athletic park, right?"
Mari: "Yes. So I want to try my best to prepare lunch. For that, I must wake up earlier than usual."
Mari: "If I sleep in your arms, I'll definitely oversleep."
Shuma: "Mmm...I see. Then, it can't be helped."
Mari: "True, it cannot."
*I exchange smiles with my master and leave the bed.*
Mari: "Then, good night, Master."
Shuma: "Oh, good night."
*Hehe. I can't wait for tomorrow.*
Mari: "*YAWN*..."
Shuma: "A big yawn."
Mari: "Of course. I woke up early and tried my best."
*I hit the work with all my labor and effort.*
Kaede: "Two three-tiered food boxes. Amazing."
Kaede: "If you had let me know, I would have come to help you."
Shuma: "Yeah, I never thought you would be making this much, so I was sleeping to the last minute."
Mari: "That's what I wanted. I wanted to try my best by myself today.
*I thought over what I should cook to make them happy, examined the ingredients thoroughly, and bought them.*
*I started making preparations yesterday and cooked everything carefully.*
*I did it all because I want to see their surprise and smiles while enjoying their lunches.*
Mari: "Please look forward to the lunch."
Shuma: "Yeah, of course I do."
Kaede: "Yup, I really can't wait."
Mari: "Hehe!"
Mari: "I have left some for you, Lady Calen."
Calen: "Thank you. I will treat myself."
Mari: "Then, shall we go?"
Kaede: "Yup."
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Master?"
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Master. Hello."
*Master suddenly zones out and keeps standing there. I grab his arm and shake him.*
Shuma: "Eh? What's wrong?"
Mari: "That's my line. You suddenly stopped moving while standing there. Recently, you've often been like that."
Shuma: "R-really?"
Calen: "Come to think of it, it started a week or so ago. You occasionally look completely at a loss."
Calen: "I wonder if you are feeling spent after having dealt with the Lady Pumila incident."
Shuma: "Hmm. I don't know."
Mari: "But particularly now. Usually you come back when I call out, but you didn't notice until I shook you. Is something wrong?"
Shuma: "No. It's not like that...I guess."
*Even though it's about himself, Master sounds ambiguous. I wonder why...I feel strangely uneasy.*
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "Ah, again!"
Shuma: "...Huh?"
Kaede: "Maybe you are not well, Big Brother? Would you like to not go out and rest at home instead?"
Shuma: "No, it's not that serious. I overdid it last night so I'm still a little tired, I'm sure."
Kaede: "Overdid it?"
Mari: "Waaah! Master, what are you saying?!"
Shuma: "Oops. Nothing, really nothing."
Kaede: "Y-yeah?"
Shuma: "Don't worry. Let's go now."
Kaede: "Oh, wait, Big Brother. I'll help you."
*Master carries two lunch boxes and exits the living room.*
*He's walking with steady steps, so Master doesn't look as sick as he tried to make me believe...*
Calen: "Mari-san, you will be left behind if you are in a fog like that."
Mari: "You are right. Then I will leave the house to you."
Calen: "Alright. Have fun."
Mari: "Then, I'm―"
Kaede: "Eeeeeeeeeek?!"
Mari: "Kaede-chan?!"
Mari: "...Eh?"
*I run out of the house and find Master standing in the entry way. Not only that, he's holding Kaede-chan over his shoulder.*
Kaede: "Mari-chan, help me!"
Mari: "Well...what is this situation?"
*Kaede-chan struggles flapping her arms and legs, and is seriously asking me for help.*
*At the feet of Master who carries Kaede like baggage, the contents of the lunch boxes are scattered.*
Mari: "Why...?"
Kaede: "Big Brother, something is wrong with Big Brother?!"
Calen: "What is this?"
*???: "Huh?"*
*Noticing Lady Calen and I who flew out of the house, Master slowly turns back to us.*
Mari: "...Master?"
*It's no mistake that he's my master, but what is this...strange feeling?*
Calen: "Shuma-san, what are you doing? Oh dear, you dropped the lunch and made such a mess."
Calen: "You would pay dearly for it, if you wasted the lunch Mari-san took the time to cook for you."
*???: "What are you talking about?"*
*He sounds annoyed rather than bewildered and is looking at us with cold, detached eyes...*
*My master does not speak like this or have such cold, unfeeling eyes.*
Mari: "...Who are you? You are not my master, are you?"
Calen: "Mari-san, what are you saying?"
*???: "A little werewolf. How impertinent of you to challenge me without naming yourself first."*
Mari: "...!"
*I was always by his side and smelled him, so I'm certain. The body is my master's, but inside is someone completely different from him!*
*Cold...very cold... He looks at me in a disinterested way... No, he's looking at me as if I were dirt...!*
Mari: "Don't look at me like that with my master's face. I'm asking who you are!!"
*???: "You mere dog, watch your mouth."*
Mari: "Shut up! Let go of Kaede-chan! Return my master to me!"
*As I jump at him, Master turns his hand toward me.*
Mari: "*Yelp*?!"
*In this moment, the palm of his hand shines and I'm given a blow to my stomach. The impact throws me away and I hit the door with my back.*
Mari: "*Groan*..."
Kaede: "Mari-chan! Are you alright?!"
Calen: "I hardly comprehend the situation, but you are indeed not Shuma-san. If you become violent, I shall not forgive you."
*???: "Huh...? Hmm...I saw you somewhere... Oh, a doll of the Officinalis. You, only an inferior doll, dare defy me. Offensive."*
Calen: "A doll? What are you talking about? I don't know what you mean by it. However, I am a daughter of the Officinalis, one of THE three clans. I will not allow insolence."
*???: "If you will not allow it, what are you going to do?"*
Calen: "I will make you suffer a little. Then I will listen to your story carefully later."
*Many red strings extend from Lady Calen's fingertips, bind themselves, and become a bloody whip.*
*I bear the pain I feel all over my body and manage to stand up.*
Mari: "Please don't, Lady Calen... The body is my master's... He is controlled by somebody."
Calen: "Is that so? That is troublesome. Then, I shall tie him up so that he cannot move."
Calen: "Yaah!"
**
*???: "I have no time to play with a doll."*
Calen: "Eek?!!"
*In the moment Master holds his hand up and it flashes, Lady Calen is blown away as I was.*
Kaede: "Calen-san!"
*???: "After all, it is a doll, it cannot do much. I cannot understand what Officinalis was trying to do with this rubbish."*
Calen: "...What is it...that power...!"
Mari: "Lady Calen, are you alright...?!"
*Lady Calen hits the wall hard and collapses onto the ground.*
*It is daytime now, but I can't believe Lady Calen was done in by with single blow...*
Mari: "Who are you...anyway?!"
*???: "Grovel! Tremble! I am Aconite Embroche! The progenitor of the Embroche, one of the three great clans and the emperor who rules all night and darkness!"*
Mari: "Embroche?! Why, how come...?!"
Calen: "Aconite Embroche is the very first Embroche...! You are supposed to have expired a long time ago. Why...?"
Aconite: "Well, I do not know it either. Certainly I should have expired a long time ago. However, as I became aware, I have existed within this one."
Aconite: "This one seems to be descended from me. This body fits well to my soul. He seems to reserve enough life force as the progenitor."
Mari: "What are you going to do to my master?!"
*I prepare myself to fight. Even though I don't think I can stand up against him. But I cannot allow him to do whatever he wants to Master's body and Kaede-chan.*
Aconite: "I don't know the reason, however this body has become mine. Therefore, it is none of your concern what I do to it."
Mari: "Shut your mouth. Such an argument won't pass!"
Calen: "She is right. That body belongs to Shuma-san. You will leave now!"
**
Aconite: "This useless doll seems to lack the ability to learn."
Calen: "Haaghhh?!"
Mari: "Lady Calen?!"
Kaede: "Calen-san?! Calen-san!"
Calen: "......"
*No good. Lady Calen is completely unconscious.*
Mari: "I won't forgive you...!"
Aconite: "You saw that and still you look at me disobediently, absurd dog. You are an incurable fool."
Mari: "Shut up! Stop talking and return my master and Kaede-chan to me! Grrrrrrr!!"
Aconite: "It is futile."
Mari: "*Yelp*!!"
*I pass out momentarily but I cannot be unconscious now. I must protect my master and Kaede-chan...!*
Kaede: "Stop! Please don't hurt them!"
Aconite: "Oh, do not cry so, my beloved."
*Beloved...?*
Aconite: "It is not my will to cloud your innocent and lovely face."
Aconite: "A girl who is to be my mistress. If that is your wish, I shall punish them no more."
*His mistress...?*
Kaede: "I said I won't become such a thing!"
Aconite: "Your wish is no concern of mine. I am desiring you."
Mari: "Damn...you...!"
*Do not say those lines with his face and in his voice! Don't show me that he's saying such things to someone else but me!*
Aconite: "Damn you! Stop vexing me. Dismiss yourself."
*Master's necklace is torn and dropped right there.*
Mari: "Ah...!"
*I desperately reach out my hand. But my body hurts and I can hardly move.*
*Master's and Lady Embroche's keepsake rings hit the ground and bounce.*
Mari: "...!"
Aconite: "Now, my beloved, innocent and lovely girl, I shall take you to my castle. Then we shall have a grand wedding."
Kaede: "No! I won't!"
Aconite: "Now, shall we go?"
*Master's body flies into the air with Kaede-chan on his shoulder.*
Kaede: "No! Help me, Mari-chan! Mari-chan!!"
Mari: "...!"
*I'm not able to move an inch. All I can do is to look at Kaede-chan and Master's body flying away into the sky.*
*And I let go of my consciousness while having a bitter taste of my powerlessness.*
*........................*
*................*
*.........*
Mari: "What?!"
*As I come to, I find myself on the sofa.*
Calen: "Oh, you finally woke up."
Mari: "Lady Calen..."
Mari: "Ah! What happened to Master...Master's body and Kaede-chan?!"
Calen: "I do not know. To my shame, I became unconscious in the middle of the incident."
*Oh, that's right. Lady Calen became unconscious and Aconite Embroche..."The First"...took Master's body and Kaede-chan and flew away...*
Aoi: "You are a vampire and werewolf, very impressive. You were badly wounded but recovered from it in less than half a day."
Mari: "Eh...Aoi-san?"
Lycoris: "Me, here too."
Mari: "Lycoris-san, too. Why are you here?"
Aoi: "We came to see if Shuma was planning something bad. Then both of you were badly injured and collapsed at the entrance. We were stunned."
Lycoris: "And lunch was scattered all over the ground. What a waste, I say."
*On the table, two three-tiered food boxes have been placed. Along with the food Master couldn't eat...*
Aoi: "Anyway, Shuma wasn't around and it looked like something unusual had happened, so we couldn't leave you out there and brought you inside."
Mari: "I see...then I must thank you. Thank you very much."
Lycoris: "So, what happened?"
Calen: "Honestly, I don't understand it at all."
Mari: "Neither do I. How come this happened...?"
*Anyway, both Aoi-san and Lycoris-san are Rubina agents and fought against vampires many times in the past.*
*It's possible I might gain some information as they have different view points from Lady Calen and me.*
Mari: "To tell you the truth..."
*I explain everything that happened, starting at the point I heard Kaede-chan's scream.*
Mari: "...and flew away in the end."
Lycoris: "I see..."
Mari: "Do you have any ideas?"
Lycoris: "I see. It makes no sense, I say."
Calen: "You are not useful."
Lycoris: "I don't want to be told that by a loser who fainted so easily."
Calen: "Are you insulting me?"
Lycoris: "What? You want a piece of me?"
Mari: "Stop! Now is not the time! Master and Kaede-chan are in danger?!"
Calen: "It is true."
Lycoris: "My fault, I say."
Aoi: "Anyway, the cause is unknown but it seems certain that the first Embroche has revived in Shuma."
Mari: "......"
*Master's cold eyes and words that were directed to me...*
*The words, "beloved" and "my mistress", he said to Kaede-chan instead of me...*
*That is not Master but The First. And...even though I know it, my heart aches so much.*
Mari: "What happened to Master...?"
Aoi: "Hmm, has his consciousness been simply taken over, or has he been chased into the bottom of the mind and is sleeping...?"
Lycoris: "It is possible he ceases to exist..."
Mari: "...!!"
Aoi: "Ah, see, please don't look like that. We don't know it yet. Lycoris!"
Lycoris: "I only talked about the possibility."
Aoi: "Well, so Shuma sometimes zones out, right? And he became more so recently and the more it happened, the more time passed."
Aoi: "If so, that must have been a sign."
Calen: "If we had known it, we could have taken some measure."
Mari: "I was closest to him...I should have noticed it first..."
*I feel frustrated, miserable, and my eyes are filling with tears.*
Lycoris: "Blame yourself later. We have better things to do, I say."
*...Right. Under this circumstance, Master and Kaede-chan are the ones who are frightened and suffering the most.*
*My crying here will change nothing. It won't help them.*
Mari: "We must help them as quickly as possible. I can feel sorry after that."
Lycoris: "Yes, yes, that's the spirit!"
Aoi: "I don't have any proof, but I don't think Shuma's spirit ceases to exist. He is pushed down to the bottom of the mind and sleeping, something like that I think."
Mari: "Really?!"
Aoi: "If Shuma's spirit had disappeared during the take-over process, his speech and behavior would have gone wrong accordingly."
Calen: "Surely. If I believe that argument, it is highly likely that Shuma-san's spirit is still safe."
Mari: "...!"
*I see a bright light ahead of me.*
*Master is safe...then I bet on the possibility!*
Mari: "Let's go and help them now! There's no guarantee that they're safe forever!"
Lycoris: "Wait. They flew into the sky, correct? You know where they went, I say?"
Mari: "Of course. He said 'my castle', so they definitely went to the Embroche castle in Racronia."
Calen: "Come to think of it, the castle of the Embroche is currently used by Lady Pumila?"
Lycoris: "Huh...? Lady Pumila...?"
Aoi: "What is it, Lycoris?"
Lycoris: "I caught something in my mind now."
Mari: "Anyway, we have to get ready to go to Racronia."
Mari: "If we get plane tickets now, will we get there in time...?"
Calen: "It occurs to me, but in what way do you think The First Lord Embroche is headed for Racronia?"
Mari: "That is...flying by himself, I guess?"
Lycoris: " 'The First', meaning he's a vampire from two thousand years ago? Then I don't think he knows about airplanes."
Aoi: "Ah, right. He doesn't know about ships or airplanes."
Calen: "In that case, however fast he can fly, he's still on his way to Racronia. We have enough time to arrive before him."
Mari: "I feel we can make it."
Calen: "She might have some good idea, so we should ask for Lady Pumila's help."
Lycoris: "...Oh! 'Pumila' reminds me! It's all because of Pumila!"
Mari: "What?! Because of Lady Pumila?!"
Lycoris: "I say, yes. She said her purpose was to awaken Shuma as a progenitor, but if the first Embroche revived in the process, it would be lucky or something like that."
Calen: "My goodness..."
Aoi: "How dare you, Iris...you've messed up so many things!"
*If Lady Pumila is the mastermind of all this...then I can't ask for her help. She's an enemy.*
Mari: "Anything else! Did she say anything else?! Don't you remember a hint that will bring back Master?!"
Lycoris: "H-hey, wai...wait, I say, eww...don't shake me, you're making me feel bad, I say."
Mari: "Now! Confess everything you know!"
Lycoris: "Alright, alright...so stop shaking...eww."
Mari: "I'll stop now, so confess quickly!"
Lycoris: "Pumila didn't tell me any details. I was just a gofer and don't know more."
Mari: "Damn, useless!"
Lycoris: "Terrible, I say! If you're like that, I won't give you good info anymore!"
Mari: "Good info?! What is that?!"
Lycoris: "Wait, again?! Eww...I'll tell you so stop, I say."
Mari: "Confess it!"
Lycoris: "It is for Shuma, but you are so desperate and scaring me."
Mari: "Tell me now!!"
Lycoris: "A mirror."
Mari: "Mirror?"
Lycoris: "There is a mirror which I used to regularly report to Pumila. Not only can you communicate with it like a TV phone, but it might also be possible to go back and forth through it physically."
Mari: "Ah..."
*I remember a treasure that transported Master to Lady Pumila's castle. Maybe that mirror there?*
Calen: "Surely if we could use such a mirror, we would reach Lady Pumila in the Embroche Castle in a second. I am concerned about the 'possibly' part, though."
Aoi: "I don't understand it well, but it's okay to say we've secured the transfer."
Mari: "Let's go now!"
Aoi: "Stop!"
Mari: "Why?!"
Aoi: "Iris being the mastermind means we'll have a big fight with two progenitors. If we go unprepared, we will be killed instantly."
Mari: "That..."
Calen: "You are right...I was quite helpless."
Calen: "Since you say so, you must have some plan?"
Aoi: "Hahaha. Unfortunately we're not that lucky."
Lycoris: "We don't want to charge in with empty hands. At least we need time to bring weapons."
Aoi: "That's how it is. Anyway, give us time to get prepared."
Aoi: "If we go now, the vampire will not have arrived at Racronia yet, will he?"
Mari: "That is true but..."
Aoi: "I understand your impatience, but haste is waste."
Lycoris: "Let's prepare ourselves and meet up here later."
*That said, I have nothing to prepare. All I have are these claws and fangs.*
*I feel restless as I have nothing to do until the appointed time...so I end up in Master's room.*
Mari: "Master..."
*Master's room without Master.*
*My heart feels empty like this room without him...*
Mari: "......"
*Master's necklace... I grip the important Lady Embroche's keepsake ring Aoi-san retrieved for me.*
Mari: "...Kooh...!"
*Just like those times...the time my family was killed by Rubina agents, and the time I had to be separated from Lady Embroche.*
Mari: "Master..."
*However hard I search for him, there's no sign of Master. However loud I call out, there's no reply from him.*
*An unbearable sense of loss makes me feel as if I were left alone in this world.*
*Before I knew it, I was so in love with Master that without him, now I feel insecure, lonely and can't help but cry.*
*The game I played with Master. The bed I spent a night with him in. I follow each item which reminds me of him one by one with my eyes.*
Mari: "This...is this Master's diary?"
Mari: "Now I remember seeing him writing in this from time to time."
Mari: "......"
*It's an invasion of privacy to read other people's diaries. It is unpardonable for a maid to read a master's diary.*
*However...*
*I'm curious about what he's been thinking for this short time since the first day we met.*
*I wonder if he wrote about his feelings toward me.*
*From curiosity and longing to feel Master close upon me...I take his diary in my hands and open it.*
Mari: "Let's see..."
Shuma: "Vampires, a maid and a fiancee...one showing up right after the other. Who could deal with this? I'm just a normal student and want nothing to do with this kind of craziness."
Mari: "This is around the time we met. Aaah...full of complaints."
Shuma: "Crap. Life is easy when you have a maid. She takes care of my every need. I don't wake up late nor am I late for school anymore. She's not a bad girl, so it's difficult to refuse her."
Shuma: "When Aoi fights with Lycoris, she shouts a name of the technique she uses like, "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - Nth Form". Maybe I should come up with something. For example, "Vampire Arts..." "
Mari: "...Master has been thinking about various things."
Shuma: " "A vampire progenitor", that itself is not usual. Actually, my secret may not be limited to that. Because of my karma, I threw myself into fights in my previous life, now I've awakened..."
Mari: "Previous life? Oh...in Japan people believe in reincarnation... Er...does Master have memories of his previous life?"
Shuma: "Recently, Mari looks cute."
Mari: "...!"
Shuma: "Recently, Mari looks cute. She is on my mind for some reason. In the beginning, she was an uninvited maid and the only thing I thought was, "Who the hell is she anyway?" "
Shuma: "While she complains, she takes care of me very well. I know it's because I'm her master but...I can't help expecting more."
Mari: "H-hmmm...and?"
Shuma: "I masturbated thinking about Mari for the first time. I saw her bra and panties in the hamper and imagined her wearing them... Crap...I totally started seeing her as a girl."
Mari: "You were doing that...! Well...and, and?"
Shuma: "Sometimes I am taken over by the feeling I'm no longer me."
Mari: "Huh...?"
Shuma: "Sometimes I am taken over by the feeling I'm no longer me. It's a strange feeling that someone else is inside me. Occasionally I can't recognize the words coming out of my mouth as my own."
Mari: "This means...!"
Shuma: "Maybe this is like another me waking up inside of myself? From a past fate, memories of a previous life are being released and I'm destined to fight..."
Mari: "No, I don't need this. Okay, next."
Shuma: "They say I am passed out sometimes. I'm not aware of it myself, but Mari and Calen point it out to me. I seem to be zoning out. My consciousness goes blank. Am I going to disappear?"
Mari: "Ah..."
Shuma: "It happens more often. My memories are broken up and I'm now aware that something is wrong. Am I going to disappear like this...? No, that's absolute nonsense."
Shuma: "I can sense I've been gradually taken over by somebody. Who is this person inside me?! A sign I'm going to disappear? This is no joke."
Shuma: "Who should I talk to about this? Finally I became Mari's boyfriend. I will make her worry. If I disappear, Mari will be... What should I do?!"
Mari: "Master..."
Mari: "You kept this in all by yourself...?"
*The more I read, the more I feel Master's anxiety, confusion...and fear.*
*I didn't notice... I'm the one who was watching Master closest.*
*It's about the person I love but since I became his girlfriend, I was so infatuated and happy and having fun every day that I didn't see the most important thing...not at all.*
Mari: "I am...not qualified to be his maid..."
Mari: "Not qualified to be his girlfriend..."
Mari: "Master was scared and suffering so much..."
Mari: "If I had noticed it as I should have, this wouldn't have happened...!"
Mari: "*Sob*...I-I'm sorry, Master... I...*sob*..."
*I firmly embrace his diary. However much I apologize to him...I will not be forgiven.*
*As a maid and his girlfriend, my sin is severe. There is only one way to atone for it.*
Mari: "*Sob *...I...promise to help you...so...please...Master...wait for me."
Mari: "The mirror is here, isn't it?"
*I grip Lady Embroche's keepsake ring.*
*I will return this to my true master in person.*
*And one more thing. Master's diary. I brought it without permission, but I will keep it as an admonition until we save Master and Kaede-chan.*
Lycoris: "The mirror is there. Look, over there."
Aoi: "Really a big mirror. A person can go through it. It's amazing that it wasn't broken. This place was crowded with so many people."
*Truly. Even though I don't think Lady's Pumila's treasure tool will break so easily. But I'm glad.*
Calen: "Assumably, paired mirrors are connected to each other. I wonder if the other one is set in Lady Pumila's castle in Racronia?"
Aoi: "As they possess such a convenient magic item, vampires are dangerous after all."
Mari: "Now is not the time to talk about it. Our goal is to save Master and Kaede-chan, so please work together with us."
Aoi: "Don't worry, we know that."
Lycoris: "We have an obligation to Shuma, I say."
Mari: "That's right. Now that we've settled that argument, let's go!"
All Four: "......"
Mari: "So, how can we go to the other side with this?"
Aoi: "What? Don't you know how to use it? How about you, Lycoris?"
Lycoris: "I don't know it, either. The mirror was used only to communicate with Pumila and receive familiars being sent through. I've never used it to go back and forth from Racronia."
Mari: "How about you, Calen?"
Calen: "It is common to utilize life force to activate this sort of treasure tool. However..."
Mari: " 'However' what? Please don't put us on and let's go."
Calen: "Well, I have been trying for some time but it seems not to react to my life force. Possibly, a progenitor's strong life force is necessary."
Mari: "...Oh no?! It can't be."
Aoi: "Hey, then nobody can make it work?!"
Calen: "Lycoris-san, you have some sort of pass as you were Lady Pumila's familiar, do you not?"
Lycoris: "That Pumila would never give such a good thing to a gofer like me. Oh no, I said it and hurt myself!"
Mari: "What are we going to do?! We cannot go and help them!"
*Right now, The First Lord Embroche might be arriving to Racronia.*
*If Master has been erased and Kaede-chan is forced to be the mistress... As I think about the possibility, I cannot stay still.*
Calen: "If we cannot use this mirror, we must use an airplane."
Aoi: "Right. Let's buy tickets, quick."
*Aoi-san takes out her mobile and checks if we can buy plane tickets.*
*At least one is okay. Please, let's get something now.*
Mari: "Eh...? The ring is glowing?"
*The ring in my grip begins to brightly glow...*
Mari: "...My lord?"
*I wonder why, but I think I heard His Lordship's voice for a second.*
Calen: "The mirror is activated!"
Aoi: "Why? Did someone do something?"
Lycoris: "I've done nothing."
Mari: "Ah...glow of the ring is disappearing..."
*What happened...just now?*
Calen: "Anyway, if it is activated, now is the chance."
Lycoris: "I don't know the reason, but it's better for us to go through while it's still working."
Aoi: "Mari, let's go. Quick!"
Mari: "Y-yes!"
*Right. I must save those two first and think about this later.*
*It's like fog is covering the inside of my head...*
*What is this...light...and fuzzy...totally unrealistic feeling?*
Aconite: "How hideous this world has become. Do you not concur, my bride?"
*My mouth moves by itself... Also my face and body move on their own...*
*I'm flying in the sky... I'm flying holding Kaede...*
Kaede: "*Sob*...take me back...take me back home..."
*I pass clouds...fly over the ocean...towns...mountains...forests...rivers.*
Aconite: "Human town after town, they fill out the earth up to the horizon. They destroy forests and mountains and ruin beautiful landscapes."
Aconite: "They cover the earth with stone-like planks, build numerous tower-like castles and go by roads, sky and sea, spreading horrible stenches."
Aconite: "For only two thousand years, humans have grown in such a number and built such a hideous civilization. Truly foolish and lamentable."
Aconite: "What sinful and incorrigible creatures humans are! Do you not concur, my bride?"
Kaede: "I don't understand such difficult things...*sob*..."
*...Ah, I see... This is a dream.*
*It's not possible for me to fly in the sky like this...*
*It's not possible for me to make Kaede cry like this...*
Aconite: "Do not cry, my bride. From now, a wonderful future that lasts as long as eternity is waiting for you."
Kaede: "I don't want that."
Aconite: "At last, I see my homeland, Racronia."
*A long, long flight has ended... The place I land on is in the forests I saw before... Racronia?*
Aconite: "How lamentable! Even my homeland, Racronia is now like this. It has no difference from the human towns I looked down upon on my way."
Kaede: "Where...am I? I want to go home..."
Aconite: "Once I did not agree with Iris on the way to lead humans and we opposed each other. However, that was not so they would build this hideous civilization."
Aconite: "Mere absence of the absolute ruler has deprived humans thus far. After all, I must rule over and lead them."
Aconite: "Do you not concur, my bride?"
Kaede: "I don't know."
Aconite: "See, my bride, this is my castle."
*I enter the castle...here too...I remember...*
*Kaede*
**Sob*... What are you going to do with me?"*
Aconite: "Do not cloud your innocent and lovely face. Rather, be thrilled with great joy."
Aconite: "Now, you shall be a bride of mine, who rules humans and reigns as the emperor."
Kaede: "No, I don't want that."
*Kaede is my bride...? Why, Kaede...? I have...Mari...*
Aconite: "Your will is of no concern. You shall be my bride and reborn to be a familiar as my mistress. Right then, you shall love and be grateful to me."
Kaede: "No, I won't become like that. I won't be grateful either."
Aconite: "Hahaha. How lovely your frightened tear-stained face is also! Soon I shall color your face with ecstasy and pleasure."
Kaede: "No! Big Brother, Mari-chan, help me!"
Aconite: "Hahahaha!"
*Kaede doesn't want to do it... Why am I...even in a dream...forcing Kaede to do something she's against?*
Aconite: "There we have arrived, my bride. This is my throne room. Right here we shall hold a ceremony to make you my bride."
Kaede: "No. I won't be your bride!"
Iris: "Who is making all this noise?"
Kaede: "W-who are you?!"
Iris: "*Annoyed*... You boy, when did you come to this castle?"
*Iris...? Is this...Iris' castle...?*
Aconite: "Well... Who shall I meet but this aura...? You are Iris. You look completely different."
Iris: "...No, cannot be... You, are you Aconite?!"
Aconite: "It has been a long time, Iris."
Iris: "Oh! Aconite!"
*Aconite...? Is she talking about me...?*
Iris: "You have revived at last! Two thousand years since! I did not expect you would visit me on your own so soon. It is a pleasant error of my judgment."
Iris: "I have been preparing to welcome you in an elaborate way. But because of it, I could not finish it in time."
Aconite: "Your way of speaking tells me you are the one who revived me, Iris."
Iris: "Yes, that is correct. It is I who planted your factor in your descendant and made it activate."
*What did...Iris do?*
Aconite: "I see. I am grateful. You gave me the opportunity to reign over humans as the emperor who rules night and darkness again."
Iris: "Huh...reign over humans again? What are you talking about?"
*I've...never...wished that...*
Iris: "Leaving that aside, well...see...ahem!"
Iris: "Two thousand years have passed since then. The woman you chose expired already and does not exist in this world."
Aconite: "That is a sad truth, but I must accept it as it is."
Iris: "Right. That is right. W-well, about that...it is high time, is it not?"
Aconite: "What do you mean?"
Iris: "That is...of course about you and me."
Iris: "Two thousand years ago, you chose that woman and gave me the cold shoulder, but now that she doesn't exist any longer, you have no reason to refuse my love."
*Iris has been in love with me...no, the guy named Aconite...?*
Aconite: "I see. For that reason you revived me."
*Is that why she poked her nose into my life? The setting of this dream is amazing...*
Iris: "That is correct. It has been a long...two thousand, two thousand years!"
Iris: "I thought about you and I repeated by trial and error. After spending two millennia, I succeeded in reviving you at last!"
Iris: "Come, accept my love now!"
Aconite: "Oh, you have thought about me so much, Iris."
Aconite: "I thank you for reviving me. Your love is certainly conveyed."
Iris: "Then...!"
Aconite: "However, I refuse."
Iris: "What?!"
**Pfft*... Iris, refused so easily. I feel sorry for her...even though this is a dream.*
Iris: "Why?! What is wrong with me?!"
Aconite: "I prefer an innocent and lovely girl like her."
*Eww...he's a lolicon, too...*
Iris: "What? That girl?!"
Kaede: "Eek?!"
Aconite: "She was with me from the beginning, but you seemed not to notice."
Iris: "I know you prefer those young girls. If that is the case, as I am now should be acceptable?!"
Aconite: "In your original form, the contours of your face were good but aged. Your body had unnecessary fat and looked far too ugly."
Iris: "Say it was a mature, beautiful and dynamite body! If someone who doesn't know about it hears you, they will misunderstand!"
Iris: "Therefore I transformed myself into this body! In order to satisfy your taste, for a young girl."
Aconite: "Hmph."
Iris: "You...sneered at me?!"
Aconite: "However well you gloss over your appearance, you are an old hag of over two thousand years. Spirit, body, soul...everything is incomparable to a young and innocent true maiden."
Aconite: "No, since you gloss over the surface, your ugliness increases. My heart wouldn't be moved unless you were a true young maiden with an immature heart and body."
Aconite: "This is my castle. Leave this instance, you old hag."
Iris: "*SHOCKED*!!!"
*Iris collapses to her knees... It is a dream but...this is cruel...*
Aconite: "I removed the hindrance. Now, shall we prepare for our wedding ceremony, my bride?"
Kaede: "No, let me go, put me down!"
Mari: "Right, let go of Kaede-chan!"
*Mari...Mari shows up, too... Just like a dream.*
Aconite: "Hmph?"
Kaede: "Mari-chan! You came to help me!"
Mari: "Sorry for being late, Kaede-chan. I'll help you now."
Aconite: "You appear not to have learned your lesson and still you wish to interfere with our wedding."
Lycoris: "Wahh, Shuma is really speaking in a strange way. Is that The First Embroche?"
*Aoi, Lycoris and Calen, too. Because it's a dream, this totally doesn't make sense.*
Aoi: "It seems true that his body is taken over by another progenitor."
*Is my body...taken over...?*
Lycoris: "Ah, Pumila is over there. But she's down on all fours in the 'orz' position and doesn't move an inch."
Aoi: "It's like she was shocked and in a daze..."
Mari: "It doesn't matter. As long as she doesn't interfere, leave Lady Pumila alone."
Aoi: "Right. Now is the time to deal with the vampire and save the two."
Calen: "......"
Aconite: "It seems you brought your company with you, but I am rather underestimated if they thought they could be done with me in such small numbers."
Aconite: "I am the emperor who rules night and darkness! Even if you weaklings attack me all at once, soon you will learn only that death awaits."
Mari: "You, too, if you are The First or whatever. I hold back nothing, so brace yourself!"
Lycoris: "He speaks in a weirdly theatrical manner, I say. Is he that kind of character?"
Aoi: "Anyway, you were supposed to expire a long time ago. What are you trying to do by taking over Shuma's body now?"
*The First? He took over my body?*
Aconite: "That goes without saying. I shall rule those who built such a hideous civilization and correct all humankind."
Aconite: "To begin with, the fundamental evil is overgrowth of humans. I shall reduce their number drastically so that control will be thorough."
Aoi: "You must be joking! You declare a massacre and breakdown of civilization, that's nothing but a total anachronism."
Lycoris: "What he is saying is exactly that of an evil final boss, I say."
Aconite: "After the beautiful nature and civilization of two thousand years ago is restored, you humans shall throw yourselves upon the ground and feel grateful to me."
Mari: "Stop jabbering and get out of my master! Return Kaede-chan to me!"
*What's this...? Mari, Aoi, Lycoris, and Calen, too... Everyone has a scary face...*
*I've never seen...such scary faces...*
Aconite: "Dear me. You cannot understand my great millennium, a foolish dog, doll and humans."
Aconite: "Then, I shall deal with you and make you the first foundation of my millennium."
Aconite: "Stay back, my bride. I shall deal with them soon and prepare for our wedding."
Kaede: "Mari-chan, Aoi-san, Lycoris-san, Calen-san, do what you can, everyone!"
*Why am I having this...strange dream...?*
*This is...a dream, isn't it...?*
Lycoris: "Now that Kaede stepped back. Victory goes to the one who makes the first move, I say! Death Gale!"
Aconite: "Well, you throw vacuum blades. A technique I saw somewhere."
Lycoris: "Tsk, he dodged so easily."
*Dangerous! If one of them hits me, I'll be slashed clean! Slashed clean! It's a dream but not a joke!*
Mari: "Don't do that, Lycoris-san! Master will be chopped up!"
Lycoris: "Oops, that's right. What a bother, I say."
*Don't say "bother"! I'll punish you when I wake up! Lycoris!*
Aoi: "Shuma, forgive us for hurting you a little. Until this vampire surrenders, it'll be out of the question not to."
*Aoi, too, don't be selfish!*
Aoi: "Here I go, Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 3rd Form!"
**
Aconite: "Oh, pretend to be a two-step attack, make a feint and deliver the third attack. However, it's quite easy to dodge the attack at that level."
Aoi: "Oh no...he dodged it all?!"
Aconite: "I see, you are from the Rubina. No wonder your techniques are familiar."
Mari: "Grrrrrrr!"
Aconite: "A foolish dog that doesn't learn is indeed incorrigible."
Mari: "*Yelp*!"
*Oh, hey, what have you done to my Mari!*
*Something is wrong. Really, something's wrong with this dream.*
*Even in a dream, it's not possible for me to do this terrible a thing to Mari!*
*It's not possible for me to wish to see these kinds of things willingly, like making Kaede cry and making everyone have these scary faces!!*
Aconite: "And, what about the doll over there?"
Calen: "...!"
Aconite: "Just a useless doll, but it can learn more than the foolish dog. It understands a mere doll cannot be a match for me, the progenitor."
Aoi: "If you look away, you'll get hurt! Lycoris!"
Lycoris: "Understand, I say! Death Volt!!"
Aoi: "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 6th Form!"
**
**
Aconite: "Contain with magic arrows and charge with a fast attack. It was not a bad combination, however..."
Aoi: "Eek?!"
Lycoris: "Eek?!"
Aconite: "They are humans after all. They are only capable of this much."
Lycoris: "S-strong...!"
Aoi: "...Just what one would expect from the progenitor of two thousand years ago."
Mari: "But...I don't give up... I'll go back home with Master, smiling together!"
Aconite: "Hopelessly foolish dog. Why do you not understand that it's impossible for you to win?"
Mari: "*Yelp*!"
*Stop! Don't hurt Mari! Damn...what's up with this dream?!*
*I don't want to have a dream like this! Wake up, please let me awake!*
Mari: "Oooh...koo...!"
Aconite: "Well, you still stand up after suffering the blow squarely. Foolish. You should give up and stay down."
Mari: "I won't...give up..."
Mari: "...until I have...my master...back...!"
Aconite: "Give up. I am Aconite Embroche, the progenitor of the Embroche, one of the great three clans and the emperor who rules night and darkness!"
Aconite: "Your so-called master doesn't exist any longer."
**
All Four: "Waaah!!"
*Everyone! Damn, stop, stop it now! What is this anyway?!*
*Why don't I wake up?!*
Mari: "I won't...give up..."
Aconite: "You are still standing up. Stubborn!"
Mari: "I don't believe...Master has disappeared..."
Mari: "You're still there, aren't you, Master?!"
Mari: "Please, if you can hear me, answer me! Master!"
*Mari...*
Mari: "Please call my name again! Please pet my head again! Please hold me tight and tell me you love me!"
*Mari is desperately seeking me...*
*I want to hold her, I want to tell her I love her...but my voice doesn't come out, I cannot move even a finger.*
*If this is a bad dream, let me wake up now.*
Aconite: "Desperate. Pitiful, horrid and far too wretched. Why do you not give up as you are in such tatters?"
Mari: "Because...this is my fault."
Aconite: "My revival was planned by Iris. A foolish dog like you has nothing to do with it."
Mari: "Master was suffering...from anxiety that grew day by day...from the fear that he was losing himself..."
Mari: "I am his maid and girlfriend and watched him most closely but...I did not notice it."
Mari: "I couldn't understand it as I should..."
Mari: "I'm sorry, Master... I'm really sorry, Master..."
*Mari...no, it's not your fault... I was hiding it, so...*
Mari: "Master was suffering...suffering this much!"
*Huh? The thing in Mari's hand...it can't be?!*
Aconite: "Is that all you desire to say? Then an apology for your master from your heart, here――That's my diary!!"
Aconite: "What...?"
Mari: "Eh...?"
*What...?*
*My voice has come out...right now?*
Mari: "Maybe...Master? Master, isn't it?!"
Calen: "Mari-san, Shuma-san has not disappeared yet. Keep calling out to him!"
Mari: "Yes! Master! You can hear me, can't you? Please answer me, Master!"
*Maybe, this is...not a dream?*
Aconite: "Foolish. This body is mine already. Your master fell asleep a long time ago and is now waiting to disappear."
Aoi: "Mari, that, is that Shuma's diary? I don't know why you have it now, but is he reacting to it?"
Lycoris: "I got it. Maybe, it is filled with embarrassing secrets he doesn't want anyone to know?"
*Right, it is!*
Calen: "Probably, what is written in that notebook is a key, Mari-san!"
Mari: "I see. Master anticipated this will happen...I understand!!"
*Hey, wait, Calen! Nothing like that! Mari, don't open it!*
Mari: "Recently, Mari looks cute. She is on my mind for some reason. In the beginning, she was an uninvited maid and the only thing I thought was, "Who the hell is she anyway?" "
Mari: "While she complains, she takes care of me very well. I know it's because I'm her master but...I can't help expecting more."
Mari: "I masturbated thinking about Mari for the first time. I saw her bra and panties in the hamper and imagined her wearing them... Crap...I totally started seeing her as a girl."
*Waaaah! Stop! Stop reading!*
Aoi: "Eh...seriously?"
Lycoris: "Ew...total turn-off."
Calen: "Is this...?"
Aconite: "What is that any――Stop――way. I did not――Stop it now!"
Mari: "Master is in there!"
Calen: "It's working!"
Aconite: "You, why don't you disappear quickly? You really do not know when to give up!"
Aoi: "Next, keep reading!"
Mari: "When Aoi fights with Lycoris, she shouts a name of the technique she uses like, "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - Nth Form". Maybe I should come up with something."
Mari: "For example, "Vampire Arts Dark Bringer". A killer strike that concentrates dark powers particular to the messenger of the night, and onto a sword that mows down all enemies with a single sweep! Seriously, it sounds super strong!"
*Noooooooo!!!*
Aoi: "A killer strike...Shuma, you..."
Lycoris: "Painful...pathetic...this is painfully pathetic..."
*It's been heard by these two, of all the people! Ah, their cold looks pierce me. I never wanted them to know it!*
Calen: "......"
*Stop, Calen! Don't look at me with such lukewarm eyes!*
Aconite: "What is it anyway? All of you, it is time――Please, have mercy――Ugh?!"
Aoi: "His movement isn't right. Maybe, we can do it now!"
Lycoris: "Let's hold him down now, I say!"
Aconite: "You...!"
Aoi: "Haaaah!!"
Lycoris: "Yaaaah!!"
Aconite: "Ugh...! Damn you!"
Aoi: "Close!"
Lycoris: "It works! Keep reading, I say!"
Mari: "See, see, Master. If you don't come back quickly, your embarrassing secrets are revealed more and more!"
*Please have mercy on me. Please, seriously. If you reveal my secrets, I will seriously die!*
Mari: "Killer move #2. Transform life force into the energy of darkness, mow and burn down enemies with high-power beams of light. Sword point of my fury, the progenitor's iron hammer, Gehenna Blaster!"
Calen: "Come to think of it, there is something similar in the book I borrowed form Sakurako-san. That is, if I am not mistaken..."
Calen: "Yes, yes, 'chuunibyo' (eighth grader syndrome)."
Aconite: "Enough of it!!!"
Shuma: "Eeek...please STOP!!!"
Shuma: "What?! Where...am I?"
Aconite: "So...you woke up completely."
*A man I don't know stands in front of me...and this is not the real world.*
Shuma: "Well, I kind of understand. This is what they call the inner psychological world."
*I see. This isn't a dream. He did it all after taking over my body.*
Shuma: "You are the first Embroche, residue of my far distant ancestor?! Thanks to you, I'm so embarrassed!"
Shuma: "Return my body to me quickly!"
Aconite: "This is all because she read out the manual of those strange and bizarre skills which I cannot presume whether magic spells or explanations. It seems to be such a disgrace that you wished it to be kept unknown to others."
Shuma: "Don't say disgrace!"
*Damn. Why did I write that anyway? It is truly my dark history!*
*First of all, really, Mari! Don't take out my diary without permission and read it aloud!*
Aconite: "Never mind. Once I destroy you here, this body shall officially be mine."
Shuma: "I see. That means if I destroy and make you disappear, I'll regain my body and be able to return to the real world."
Aconite: "I am the only one who can lead the humans correctly. Humans, that built a hideous civilization and are walking on the wrong path. You are my offspring, but you are to expire here."
Shuma: "I'm not a descendant good enough to let an old grandpa, who died a long time go, do whatever he wants. You're the one who gets killed!"
*I will make you pay for hurting Mari, the others, and making Kaede cry.*
Aoi: "Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 6th Form!"
**
Aconite: "Argh!"
Aoi: "Good, I hit him!"
Lycoris: "Next attack, here I go! Death Volt!"
Aconite: "Ugh! Da-damn, you humans!"
Aoi: "Ugh! Nothing yet!"
Lycoris: "What's up? Your aim is getting sloppy, I say!"
Aconite: "You! Restless and annoying!"
Mari: "Master stopped responding to my reading of his diary...I wonder if Master is okay?"
Calen: "Probably, Shuma-san is fighting too. That is why Lord Embroche becomes slow and we are able to strike him."
Aoi: "His soul and body are fighting at the same time and he cannot focus only on us."
Calen: "Mari-san, keep calling out to Shuma-san. We will help him from outside."
Mari: "Master! Don't lose! Win and come back to us!"
Lycoris: "We will attack without stopping and help him, I say!"
Shuma: "Arrrrgh?!"
Aconite: "What is the matter? You were supposed to attack and kill me. Were you not, my unworthy offspring?"
Shuma: "Strong...this is the power of The First."
*I braced myself and picked a fight with him, but I can't do a thing.*
*My attack cannot give him a scratch... He is too strong.*
Aconite: "You are not used to battles at all."
Shuma: "Until recently, I've been a normal student who had nothing to do with them."
Aconite: "This is the world controlled by the mind. Even if your real body cannot keep up, as long as you can create an image of moving your body, you can move accordingly in this world."
Aconite: "I've won many battles. Memories of those times help me deliver solid attacks in this world, like this."
Shuma: "Aaaargh!!"
Shuma: "Haa, haa...I see, images. This is serious."
*Our experiences are far different. Since he made such a display of his strength, the image of my victory is hard to materialize.*
Mari: "Master! Don't lose! Win and come back to us!"
*This is Mari's voice...*
*She believes in me and is cheering me on.*
*This is not the time to say I am defeated. For Mari, I must win and go back to her.*
Aconite: "Since I must deal with you in this world, the outside body tends to be neglected. Those humans have become elated and annoying."
Aconite: "It is high time to erase you and deal with the ones outside."
Shuma: "I won't let you!"
Aconite: "Huh, how do you achieve that? From our battle so far, you are beginning to think you cannot win over me, are you not?"
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Aconite: "I mentioned this is the world in which the power of an image decides everything. You, who cannot create an image of defeating me, shall never win over me by any chance."
*Damn...what am I going to do, what's the best way?!*
*At this rate, I will be erased as he says! That is no joke!*
*And this grandpa is used to fighting.*
*I want to defeat him so badly, but a concrete image to beat him doesn't come up in my mind!*
Mari: "Master, please defeat this joker quickly! Eh? Otherwise, she's saying she will upload more embarrassing parts of the diary to the Internet!"
*Damn, who came up with such malicious thoughts!! If my diary is uploaded to the net, I will die socially!*
*Huh...diary?*
Mari: "You've had many ideas! Please use that amazing killer move or whatever and win now!"
*That's right... I have the way!*
Shuma: "He...hehehe."
*I smile coolly and look at grandpa.*
Aconite: "What is the matter? Have you lost your mind from the fear of being erased?"
Shuma: "Lost my mind? Hardly."
Shuma: "In this battle, victory is mine."
Aconite: "Hmph, nonsense. You who cannot draw an image of victory... What is this...?"
*Around me, dark fog closes in and starts to slowly swirl.*
*Just as I imagined, black fog is created by magic power...strong life force.*
Shuma: "Certainly, you have experience and images accumulated through battles."
Shuma: "But those images bound by reality are your limit. You can never increase them."
Shuma: "But I'm different. I have no images based on reality. But because of it, I can surpass your limit as easily as I want."
Shuma: "I have tons of image stocks for that purpose, coming from games, comic books, anime and so on."
Aconite: "I have no idea what you are talking about, but I can see you are taunting me with your baseless confidence."
*Visualize...get right into the role of...the coolest, greatest and strongest me and fight with the techniques I imagined with so much effort!*
Shuma: "Here I come! My ultimate lethal move!!"
*I push my right palm high up.*
Shuma: "My name is Shuma Embroche! A messenger of the night and denizen of the darkness! And the treasonous progenitor who perishes evil and chaos!"
*I strike a dramatic pose.*
Shuma: "Evil powers dwell in this body of mine who went against human reason and is in the bloodline of a wicked vampire. However, I swore I shall dispel the evils that inflict vengeance on the human world!"
*Black fog swirls around with a noise like a gust of wind and converges to my right palm that I'm holding up.*
Aconite: "What is this powerful life force?!"
*A powerful ball of darkness converged on my palm. And a huge magic circle spreads before it.*
*As I stick out the arcane ball of darkness toward the magic circle, the circle starts blinking and whirling at high speed, then transforms itself into a powerful booster.*
Aconite: "I cannot believe this...tremendous life force! How can you, who knows no battles, gather and control this much life force even beyond my own powers?!"
Shuma: "You will lose as you are bound by reality and cannot imagine this."
*Right, imagination. The strongest form of me. The ultimate lethal move!!*
Shuma: "This is the art created to defeat a powerful vampire progenitor like you. Be grateful for the honor of being killed with the commemorable, very first blow."
Aconite: "Nonsense! Young boy who hardly knows the way to fight cannot defeat me!"
Shuma: "I can!! Take this!! Dark Fall Eraser!!!"
*From the arcane power ball of darkness, a laser beam is released, then boosted up by the magic circle. It becomes a massive and intense bombardment, swallowing up Aconite.*
Aconite: "What is this power?! It cannot be?! I, I, aaaaaaaaahhhh!!!"
*The ultimate and strongest killing method that can annihilate the progenitor, the most powerful of the vampires who lives throughout eternity.*
*That is the Dark Fall Eraser!*
Aconite: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah........."
*Leaving behind a long death cry, The First Embroche...Aconite Embroche is disappearing.*
*Soon, the bombardment of darkness subsides and the huge arcane circle disappears. Aconite is nowhere to be found...and not a sign of him is left.*
Shuma: "He vanished completely..."
Shuma: "Sorry grandpa, I know you were revived at great pain. But I can't give you my body."
Shuma: "Because Mari, my beloved sweetheart is waiting for me. As a man, I cannot make her cry, understand?"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "Damn, now I'm super cool!!!"
Shuma: "Ah..."
*I can move my body...and let out my voice...*
*I don't feel dazed or like I'm in a dream. Clearly I can feel I am myself and move my body as a real thing.*
*I'm back... I've taken back my body!*
Shuma: "I did it!"
Aoi: "How about this?! Rubina School Twin Swordplay - 7th Form!!"
Lycoris: "You, give up already, I say! Deathbolt!!"
Shuma: "...Huh? Waaaaaaaah?!!"
Aoi: "Eh? Huh?"
Lycoris: "That unsightly dodge."
Shuma: "Close! That was seriously close?!"
Mari: "...Maybe...Master?"
Shuma: "Oh, it's me. Genuine Shuma Kusanagi."
*I sharply point to my chest with my finger and look at everyone's face.*
Shuma: "Sorry to cause you trouble. Thanks to everyone, I took my body back safely."
Mari: "Ah...aah...Master..."
Shuma: "Yeah, I'm your true master."
Mari: "Waaaaaaaah, Masterrrrrrr!!!"
Shuma: "Whoops?!"
*Being knocked by Mari flying into my arms like a bullet, I fall backward.*
Shuma: "Ouch... Hey, hey, Mari, go a little easy on me, please."
Mari: "Because, because!! Waaaaaaaah!!"
*Mari clings to me and buries her face in my chest to cry. I gently caress her head.*
Mari: "I thought about what I would do if Master disappeared...what I would do if I didn't see you any more...and I was really really scared!"
Shuma: "Oh, I'm sorry to have worried you."
Shuma: "And thank you for helping me. I was saved by you."
*I tightly embrace Mari's body. I'm trying to tell her that I'm me. I'm here, standing right in front of her.*
Mari: "Master! Master!"
Shuma: "I made grandpa Aconite disappear without a trace so this won't happen again. So don't worry."
Mari: "I'm glad, really glad. Waaaah!"
*I pet Mari's head gently again and again as she continues to cry.*
Shuma: "There, there, all thanks to Mari."
*I casually collect my diary.*
*Then I turn my head around and look at Aoi, Lycoris, Calen and Kaede, whom Calen brought close to us.*
Shuma: "Thank you everyone. You saved me. I came back safely thanks to you all."
Aoi: "Really. We had such trouble. You should feel honestly grateful."
Lycoris: "We don't owe you anything now."
Shuma: "Yeah, I thank you from the bottom of my heart."
Calen: "I'm sorry, Shuma-san. I...could hardly be of any help."
Shuma: "That's not so. It's enough that you came to save me. And you kept encouraging and supporting Mari. Without it, I'd have been in serious trouble."
Calen: "If you say that to me, I feel grateful."
Shuma: "Sorry, Kaede. You must have been scared. I'm really sorry."
Kaede: "No, nothing is your fault. I'm glad you are safe, Big Brother."
Shuma: "Yeah, thanks. I'm glad you are safe too, Kaede."
Kaede: "Yup."
Shuma: "There, Mari, stop crying."
Mari: "*Sob*...*sob*...yes."
*Mari rubs her face smeared with tears and water from her runny nose.*
*She cried until she looks this messy... Ah, I am loved so much by Mari.*
Shuma: "Well, then with the case being closed... Yeah, I wish I could say that, but..."
*After Mari gets off me, I stand up and turn around.*
*I fix my eyes on Iris, the biggest cause of all this.*
*She still doesn't seem to have recovered from the shock of being jilted. She's down on her knees with her head drooping and not moving at all.*
*I walk up to Iris.*
Shuma: "Hey, Iris."
*Iris slowly lifts up her head and distorts her face in sorrow. She seems to understand everything.*
Iris: "Boy... Aconite...is no longer here."
Shuma: "Yeah, I made him disappear. That grandpa won't revive any more."
Iris: "Hmph... It cannot be helped."
Iris: "Come to think of it, his speech and behavior were wrong... He spoke of reigning over humans or drastically thinning them out... That talk is impossible for the original Aconite."
Iris: "Whether it is a matter of Aconite degraded by the years, or I erred in the method of his revival and thus he became crooked..."
*Iris slowly stands up. She looks up at the ceiling and holds back her tears.*
Iris: "In any case, I was rejected... I labored for two thousand years and lost my lover a second time..."
Shuma: "I sympathize with you for that."
Shuma: "But you are the cause of this trouble. I can't hold in my anger until you pay for it."
Iris: "Pay for it...right..."
Iris: "I have no regret giving up this world. Rather, I feel that everything shall vanish."
Shuma: "H-hey?"
Iris: "Right... maybe I shall vanish myself and everything in this world."
Shuma: "H-hey, wait! You're desperate 'cause you got dumped, aren't you?!"
Iris: "That is correct. So what? I was jilted two thousand years ago and I was jilted again. It is not worth living any longer."
Shuma: "What...? Iris, you?!"
Mari: "What is this?!"
Calen: "A tremendous amount of life force is gathering in Lady Pumila!"
Iris: "*Evil laugh*... The world shall perish right now."
Shuma: "Run away everyone! She will drag everyone into her lost-love suicide!"
Calen: "This is not a joke. If Lady Pumila explodes this much life force, not only this castle but also all around this area will be blown away!"
Aoi: "Run, everyone!"
Lycoris: "Kaede, come here quickly! We'll escape, I say!"
Kaede: "Y-yes!"
Mari: "Master?! Let's escape quickly!"
Shuma: "I'll stop Iris somehow. Mari, you go and escape with everybody else!"
Mari: "But...!"
Shuma: "Don't worry! I leave her to you, Calen!"
Calen: "Mari-san, come here quickly!"
Mari: "Let go of me, Lady Calen! Master! Masterrrrrr!!"
*Somehow everyone has escaped.*
*The rest is up to me to stop Iris.*
Iris: "That is futile. Wherever they escape to, my destruction wave shall blow up this castle and all the land around it, then continue to spread throughout the world."
Shuma: "Cut it out! Don't drag everybody into your lost-love suicide!"
Iris: "Stop me if you can. I shall let the world know the terror of a jilted and desperate woman!"
Shuma: "She's so much trouble!"
*I'm the progenitor in some way. I defeated Aconite, too. What will I do if I cannot manage life force on this level?!*
Shuma: "How about this?!"
*I tackle Iris and pierce my fangs into the nape of her neck. Then, I suck out and steal the life force she's been collecting.*
Iris: "Tsk, you thought about it. However, all I need to do is to collect as much life force around me as you steal."
Shuma: "Damn, this has no end."
*Then, a reversal in thinking.*
Shuma: "How about this?!"
Iris: "What? You pour life force into me?!"
Shuma: "Ah, I'll pour plenty of it."
Iris: "Hey, stop! Collected life force is being disturbed...losing control!"
Shuma: "Right, I'll mess it up with my life force!"
Iris: "Stop, hey! Ah, life force!"
Shuma: "Phew... I managed to stop it."
Iris: "Get out of my way! Collected life force was dispersed!"
Shuma: "Cut it out!"
Iris: "Ouch?!"
*I hand-chop away at Iris' head mercilessly.*
Iris: "You...you bastard! You use violence on me?!"
Shuma: "This is not violence. Think of it as educational guidance."
Iris: "Watch your step! I shall not forgive you. Again, I shall collect life force―"
Iris: "Ouch?!"
Iris: "You hit my head twice?!"
Shuma: "It seems you need hard punishment, Iris."
Iris: "Punishment to me? Do not be conceited, boy!"
Iris: "We are the progenitors, but our experiences are far different. Trying to punish me who has lived for two thousand years, you are excessively arrogant."
Shuma: "No, you are the one who is arrogant."
Shuma: "And first of all, I have a right to do it, I think."
Shuma: "I don't know whether it was to make me awaken as a progenitor or what, but you poked your nose into my business too many times and caused trouble not only to me, but to people around me."
Iris: "So what?!"
Shuma: "And you used my body without my permission in order to revive grandpa Aconite. I was almost terminated."
Iris: "S-so what? If you make a scary face, you cannot frighten me at all. Who do you think I am?"
Shuma: "And my diary was read aloud, revealing embarrassing secrets to everyone. I was totally humiliated."
Iris: "Huh?! That has nothing to do with me?!"
Shuma: "And in the end, you tried to drag everyone in the world into your suicide. Don't be stupid!"
Shuma: "For this reason, punishment is decided and executed immediately."
Iris: "H-hey, don't come close. What are you going to do...?"
Shuma: "I'll spank your butt."
Iris: "Huh?!"
Shuma: "As for punishment, spanking is the standard."
Iris: "You spank the behind of the one who is a progenitor and has lived for two thousand years?! I will not accept such shame!"
Shuma: "If it's not shameful, then it is not a punishment! I will make you feel as ashamed as I was to have my diary read aloud!"
Iris: "W-wait, boy! You are just taking your anger out on me?!"
Shuma: "Don't waste your breath!"
====================E-MR03_04H_N.TXT====================
Shuma: "You will be punished as much as everyone got hurt and troubled, and also for my embarrassment!"
Iris: "Eek?! W-wait! Reconsider it, boy!"
Shuma: "You, give up now! If you act high and mighty saying you're ready, then shut up and brace yourself."
Iris: "I refuse to brace myself for a spanking at this age!"
Shuma: "Well, that may be so. Whether you are prepared or not, the execution of the punishment has been decided."
*I lift up her skirt and grab her panties.*
Iris: "Wait, wait, wait! Really, wait! How dare you do that to a maiden!"
*The old woman who has lived for two thousand years is calling herself "a maiden"... Oh well, she looks like a young lady so I guess it's okay.*
Shuma: "There, there, young lady. Be quiet and get spanked, okay?"
Iris: "What?!!"
====================E-MR03_05.TXT====================
Sakurako: "Really? That really happened? So that's why you were absent from school for a few days."
Shuma: "That's right."
*Our days have now returned to normal.*
*However, it took a few days from the time all that trouble ended to the time we were able to come back to school.*
*In the spur of the moment, before my anger of almost being killed and the excitement of fighting in the inner world disappeared, I punished Iris.*
*Iris reflected on her conduct properly and promised that she wouldn't do this again, so we decided to reconcile and let bygones be bygones.*
*That part was good but...Iris got all bent out of shape.*
*Oh, well...I myself regret that I might have gone too far.*
*She said, "I won't let you use the mirror! Walk back home!" She was very angry.*
*We ended up getting help from Calen's family and finally came back to Japan a few days later, that is, yesterday.*
Shuma: "I'm just lucky being alive like this. I've really learned that ordinary days are precious."
Mari: "Truly so. I didn't realize I would feel thankful for ordinary days when nothing bad happens."
Sakurako: "You two look like you attained enlightenment. Right, right. You had a really tough time."
*Sakurako nods while listening to us.*
*Seeing Sakurako understand our hardships makes my heart feel really light and I am grateful to her.*
Shuma: "Anyway, it's all finished. Nothing should happen again."
Sakurako: "Briefly I was involved with this, so I really hope so."
*Honestly, I'm wishing that more than anybody else.*
Sakurako: "So, I've been wondering about this, but why are you sticking close to Shuma like that, Mari-chan?"
Sakurako: "Since you entered the classroom, you have been lovey-dovey while clinging to his arm."
Mari: "Because I am Master's girlfriend!"
Sakurako: "Right, right, you are Shuma's girlfriend. Then, it's understandable."
Sakurako: "Eh, what? His girlfriend?!"
Shuma: "Oh, that's right. Didn't I tell you yet?"
Sakurako: "No, no, I've heard nothing."
Mari: "Really? I thought I did."
Shuma: "So did I. I thought I told you already."
Sakurako: "Seriously. Don't forget to tell me things like that. You make me sad."
Sakurako: "About this, we must be careful how to deal with one another or we draw a line between us, so you put me in a delicate position if you don't tell me."
Shuma: "You're right. My fault. Then, more formally, we've been steady for some time."
Sakurako: "Alright. Congratulations! No wonder you've been close these days."
Sakurako: "In that case, even more, so it was good you didn't disappear."
Shuma: "Yeah. Thanks to everyone, I was saved. Especially if Mari hadn't been there, I don't know what would've happened."
*I put my hand on Mari's head and stroke her hair.*
Mari: "Hehehe...!"
Sakurako: "Really, lovey-dovey you two."
Shuma: "Of course. Mari is my beloved mistress."
Mari: "Really, Master!"
Mari: "I've decided that you're the only one I call Master and will serve for the rest of my life!"
Shuma: "Mari!"
Mari: "Master!"
Sakurako: "Yeah, yeah, it's getting too hot here. What show offs."
Sakurako: "Oh, really passionate. I didn't know you had such a side, Shuma."
Shuma: "Because so may things happened."
*This incident deeply reminded us...*
*...that we don't know what or when something bad will happen.*
Shuma: "So even if it looks like we're showing off to people around us, we decided to make out wherever we want so that we won't regret it if anything happens."
Sakurako: "Oh really, who are you? Are you really that Shuma?"
Sakurako: "For some reason, you upset me so I'll get in between you. Mari-chan, after school, can you and I go out―?"
Mari: "I'm sorry. I must decline."
Sakurako: "Aw, she refused me before I finished asking her out!"
Shuma: "Sorry. She has a date with me today."
Mari: "Yes, Master!"
Sakurako: "You Riajuu (a person who is living life to the max)! Ah, I want a boyfriend, too!"
*We leave an envious Sakurako behind and go to our usual park soon after school.*
Mari: "Master, quick, quick!"
*As soon as we arrive, Mari starts running, pulling my hand.*
Shuma: "You don't need to hurry. The park won't run away."
*Mari is more excited than usual.*
Shuma: "But is this good that our first date back in Japan is coming to this park?"
Mari: "It's good because this is our park."
Mari: "Because this is the place where I played with you and accompanied you during your training, so I wanted to come here as soon as possible."
Shuma: "I see."
Shuma: "Yeah...I understand what you mean..."
*The days I was a human and the strange days after I became a progenitor. This is a place of memories filled with those days I spent with Mari.*
Shuma: "Phew...nice breeze."
*I enjoy the breeze and look up at the sky.*
*Peaceful days are back thanks to everyone. And especially, thanks to Dad.*
*After I heard what happened later from Mari, I understood Dad immediately activated the mirror.*
Shuma: "......"
*I cannot hear Dad's voice anymore.*
*He is gone having sacrificed himself to protect our ordinary days and the future of Mari and me...*
*I regret that I couldn't say good-bye or thank him, but Mari and I will be happy as much as possible, so I hope he'll take it as my gratitude to him.*
Mari: "Master, what's wrong?"
Shuma: "Nothing, really."
Shuma: "Well, let's play our usual game."
*I take out Mari's most favorite toy, the flying disc.*
Mari: "Bow-wow, bow-wow♪"
Shuma: "Ah, hey, Mari. Your ears and tail!"
Mari: "No one cares about them anyway. Please quick, quick."
*Mari looks at the flying disc with her eyes shining and wildly swings her tail. She's way too excited.*
*Like this, even if I made her put them away, they'll soon pop back out.*
Shuma: "Alright, let's do it like that."
Shuma: "Okay, I'm gonna throw so step back. Oh, that's about it. Here we go, there!"
Mari: "Woof, woof, wow♪"
*The flying disc soars as it slides through the air. Mari dashes and catches it.*
Mari: "I got it, got it, Master♪"
Shuma: "Oh, hey you don't need to bring it here... It's becoming 'go and get it' again."
Mari: "Nothing wrong with that, Master. Quick next, next!"
Shuma: "Okay, okay. Then this time over there...here we go!"
Mari: "Woof, woo, woof, woooof♪"
*She dashes, dives and catches the flying disc I threw far and strong, then elegantly lands on the ground, fluttering the bottom of her skirt.*
Mari: "Wow. I got it again, Master♪"
Shuma: "Alright. A great catch, Mari."
*Her sparkling smile is so bright and the way she comes back in high spirits is so heartwarming. This is really soothing.*
Woman A: "Oh-no, look, dog ears? A tail? Is that what they call dog play?"
*Crap! Are they really looking at us?!*
Woman B: "A girlfriend? She looks too young for that. He must be lolicon."
Woman A: "And he makes her call him 'Master' and makes her catch a flying disc. Serious perv, too creepy."
*We are wrongly suspected. Should I straighten this out before they report us to the police?*
Woman B: "Yuck. He's looking at us. Let's go. He might try to make bitch slaves out of us."
*Ugh...how abusive they are.*
Mari: "Master, more strongly, please throw it over♪"
*Mari herself is carried away by the flying disc and doesn't know what's going on around her.*
Mari: "Bow-wow, bow-wow♪ Master, next. Next quick♪"
*Oh well...she has such a wonderful smile on her face. All I can do now is to take a "So what?" attitude and play with her.*
Shuma: "Hell, in that case, let's keep doing it!"
Mari: "*Howl*♪"
Mari: "Really, we played so much♪"
Shuma: "Phew...I'm glad you look satisfied. I am tired of throwing the disc."
*How long did I keep throwing it?*
*And the way people looked at us... I feel like my heart is breaking off.*
Mari: "......"
Shuma: "Mm, what's wrong?"
Mari: "Hehehe, Master!"
Shuma: "Oops."
*I hold Mari who suddenly comes to me.*
*As soon as she buries her face in my chest, she grinds her forehead against me.*
Mari: "Master, Master, Master!"
Shuma: "Hey, hey, what's wrong? You're suddenly getting sweet on me."
Mari: "Ah, I'm so happy! I wish I could stay like this forever."
Shuma: "What, what? You're so cute."
*As I squeeze her tightly, Mari also holds on more closely and looks up at me.*
Mari: "Master, I love you because you spoil me like this!"
Shuma: "I love you too because you let me spoil you!"
Mari: "Hehe! Then we are meant for each other!"
Shuma: "Oh, we are!"
*As I stroke her hair, she seems to be feeling good and narrows her eyes.*
Mari: "*Sniff sniff sniff*, woof! Master's smell!"
Shuma: "*Sniff sniff*. Mari's smell. Good smell."
*It's a good smell that helps me taste happiness.*
====================E-MR03_06H_N.TXT====================
*...Crap. I'm getting horny.*
Mari: "Well, Master."
Shuma: "Let's go! No one will probably find us out in the bushes over there."
Mari: "Bow-wow!"
*...After the fact.*
====================E-MR03_07.TXT====================
*We date, go shopping and go back to our home.*
*I hope these calm, warm and usual days will continue like this from now on.*
Mari: "Master, what do you want to have tonight?"
Shuma: "Hmm, let me see..."
Mari: "How about stir-fried liver and leeks? Sticky ones like Japanese yams, okra, and natto (fermented soybeans) would be nice too. Ah, how about splurging and buying eel or soft-shelled turtle?"
Shuma: "Hey...that menu is clearly unbalanced."
Mari: "That's it. Let's have eel, eel!"
Shuma: "You're not listening to me, are you?!"
Mari: "I can't wait for tonight. Bow-wow♪"
*Honestly, dealing with Mari, who acts on her instincts, may be harder than fighting any battles...*
Shuma: "Hell, damn it! Alright. Love of my life is begging for it, I'll do it...til I drop!"
Mari: "Whoopee, I love you so much, Master. *HOOOOOWL*!"
====================E-MR03_08.TXT====================
*Calm and happy days without incident have begun for Mari and me.*
*I eat Mari's homemade meals every day, go to school and date, occasionally taking Kaede with us.*
*When Mari's switch is on, we become wild and indulge in sex whenever and wherever. However, generally our days are very ordinary and peaceful.*
*Various things have happened, but now that they were all settled, they have become all good memories.*
*It's made me think over important things like, who I want to protect and what really matters. This has helped me become who I am now.*
*In a sense I feel grateful to that series of incidents. Thanks to them, I met Mari and have her as my beloved girlfriend now.*
*In the eternal time that passes unchangingly and calmly, as long as I can grow this love with Mari, nothing will be needed by me.*
*Our future will be smooth sailing. Let's become happy together, Mari.*
*...Well, I really expected things would develop this way.*
Shuma: "Arrgh. This has no end!!"
Mari: "Ah, these are important documents, so please don't scatter them around."
Shuma: "Day after day, I have to read these documents that look like some code, from top to bottom and sign, then read and sign again. Try to put yourself in my position!"
*I slam the numerous documents and books in a pile on the table.*
Mari: "All of these are necessary for the Embroche family, so please get your act together."
Shuma: "A break! I demand a break!!"
Mari: "Good grief... It cannot be helped. I'll go and prepare tea."
Shuma: "Thank you, Mari. I love you!"
Mari: "Yes, yes. I love you, too."
*What I'm doing is in preparation to revive the fallen Embroche family.*
*Mainly inheritance-related. Why is this so complicated?*
Mari: "It is trouble if you whine about such a small amount of work."
Shuma: "Whaaat?!"
Mari: "To carry the Embroche family on your shoulders, you must not only be well-informed about domestic laws and regulations, but also have a grasp of business trends of surrounding countries from an asset management point of view."
Shuma: "Ugh..."
Mari: "Of course, as a maid, I will support Master closely but the face of the family is you, Master. We cannot be taken lightly."
Shuma: "*Sigh*... You've been thinking a lot for me."
Mari: "Yes. Because I'm your partner, Master."
Shuma: "Yeah, I'm counting on you. So why don't you help me a little...?"
Mari: "That is that. This is this. Here is your tea."
Shuma: "Tsk."
*Mari doesn't ease up as far as the revival of the Embroche is concerned.*
*I understand she's serious about it that much, but...*
*I think it doesn't hurt if she becomes a little more gentle with me.*
Calen: "You can leave them to me, which is an excellent idea that will drastically reduce Shuma-san's burdens."
Shuma: "Eh, seriously?! Tell me!"
Mari: "Please wait, Lady Calen?!"
Calen: "Please marry me officially and make me your first wife. If that is the case, the Officinalis family will not spare any help. We will send an able man to you as your brain."
Calen: "After that, you can leave everything to the brain and enjoy your life, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Leave them to an able brain..."
Mari: "Hey! What are you hesitating for?"
*Oops. My brain puts her claim in.*
Mari: "Lady Calen, please do not say things that could corrupt Master. To begin with, your engagement is canceled."
Calen: "Well, well. No one is more befitting than I am to be his first wife."
Mari: "Th-that...well...*glance glance*..."
Shuma: "But we want able hands, as many as we can have...right?"
Mari: "What is 'right' for?!"
Aoi: "Now, now, stop having a tiff already. Your loud voices will annoy the neighbors."
Lycoris: "Besides that, I'm hungry. Oh, I'll have this cake."
*I've got help unexpectedly, oh, geez, two of them again.*
Mari: "How come you entered the house without the owner's permission?"
Aoi: "What a fine thing to say. We are Rubina agents. It is natural for us to monitor Shuma who has begun his activities as a vampire!"
Aoi: "Rather, you should be grateful that we won't attack him with no questions asked."
Shuma: "Look who's talking. You're here to sponge food off us."
Aoi: "That-that's not it! This is for observing and collecting information purposes, never for sponging off you to save on expenses, alright?!"
Lycoris: "This cake is yummy, I say!"
Aoi: "Leave some for me, will ya?"
*She just shot herself in the foot right there.*
Kaede: "That's true. If I keep visiting you like this, I will become a bother to you. Big Brother, Mari-chan, I'm sorry."
Mari: "No, no. Kaede-chan is okay."
Shuma: "That's right. We're inviting you, Kaede, so you should be at ease. Unlike the Ms. agents from somewhere."
Aoi: "Damn, this is exactly like a vampire's hangout. We're the bad ones. I feel we're totally out of place."
Shuma: "Hey. You have cream cake stuck on your cheek."
Mari: "I want you to enjoy the feast I tried my best to prepare. Be happy, Kaede-chan."
Kaede: "Yup, thank you, Mari-chan, Big Brother."
Lycoris: "The feast Mari tried her best to prepare...*drool*...I can't wait, I say."
Shuma: "As I said, hold yourself back a little."
*Is it really alright for them to hang out here so often?*
Lycoris: "Shuma, you always complained to us, but I think there's someone else you should be complaining to more, I say."
*Lycoris' words attract everyone's attention to the person who's relaxing and sipping tea on the sofa.*
Iris: "*Annoyed*... What is it? Do you have something to complain about?"
*Yeah, for some reason, Iris is here, too...*
*One day, she showed up unexpectedly and mentioned incomprehensible excuses, then she ended up staying here.*
Mari: "You caused us so much trouble, but you sneaked into our house so easily. What nerve!"
Iris: "What did you say, stupid dog?"
Mari: "Didn't you hear me? Have you already become senile, grandma?"
Iris: "I see. If you wish to be erased this instance, I shall fulfill your wish."
Shuma: "Stop! STOP!"
*I go between the two who are about to battle and act as a referee to stop them. I seriously want to avoid Mari being erased.*
Shuma: "Really, you got so angry and cursed me over this and that, saying you didn't want to see my face, then why are you here anyway?"
Iris: "I returned the castle to you. It is natural for you to take care of me who lost a place to live."
Shuma: "That is it? Why did you return the castle to me all of a sudden?"
*She lived there without permission, so it was an illegal occupation. Now she suddenly offered to return it to me. Honestly, I don't how to deal with it.*
Shuma: "I didn't tell you to return it to me. You'd better keep living there rather than seeing my face again."
Iris: "That is...well...you see..."
Shuma: "Why do you hem and haw?"
*We let bygones be bygones and closed a deal, so it doesn't seem that she's planing something...*
Iris: "Nothing particularly. That is not of your concern. Just consider yourself lucky that you have your castle returned."
Mari: "Well, in that case."
Iris: "No, no! That is not it!"
Mari: "You are in love with Master, aren't you?"
Shuma: "Hahaha. Hey, hey, Mari. How can that be possible?"
Shuma: "Right, Iris?"
Iris: "......"
Shuma: "...Eh, seriously?"
Mari: "She deliberately returned the castle. She did it as a dowry, and also it would give her an excuse to land on you because she lost her home."
Iris: "No, no! It is not because I am in love or I want to be near him!"
Aoi: "No kidding... Serious...this is serious."
Calen: "I am stunned... Lady Pumila of all the vampires."
Lycoris: "Honestly. Shocking truth, I say."
Shuma: "Hey, hey, hey, wait a minute. Eh? Really?!"
Iris: "......"
*Iris glances at me then lowers her eyes shamefully and begins fidgeting...*
*What a cute reaction she has! Is she really that Iris?!*
Mari: "Master, you didn't give Lady Pumila the eyes..."
Shuma: "Of course not! So please don't make such a scary face."
Shuma: "Really, why me?"
*I don't understand. Why did Iris fall in love with me? Were there any elements between us that would cause this?*
Iris: "F-first and foremost, Shuma, you have a responsibility to me!"
Shuma: "Responsibility? Me?"
Iris: "I shall not let you forget. You, of all things stole my v-v......virginity."
Shuma: "...Huh?!"
Iris: "It was my first time! You stole a maiden's virginity against her will and deny all knowledge of the matter?! Take full responsibility!"
Shuma: "No, wait...eh?!"
*What is this argument of hers being a pure and innocent girl? Is Iris like this?*
Lycoris: "Ah...you've been a virgin for too long, two thousand years."
Aoi: "I see your idea of chastity stopped two millenia ago. In your age, that's painful."
Kaede: "Iris-san, you are kind of cute."
Iris: "Damn you all...you all make fun of me."
Calen: "!!!"
Shuma: "Just as I said. Stop, STOP!"
*Come to think of it, Iris devoted herself only to grandpa Aconite for the last two thousand years.*
*And she wanted to meet him again and be lovers. For that reason, she caused so much trouble.*
*Ah...If I think about it, it's kind of understandable that her reactions are those of a pure maiden's in spite of her age.*
Shuma: "You tell me to take responsibility, but what do you want me to do?"
Iris: "That is, of course, you will make me your mistress then welcome me as first wife."
Shuma: "*Sigh*..."
Calen: "Oh, no, Lady Pumila. It is already decided that I am the one to be the first wife. Lady Pumila, you will be the third at best."
Iris: "Do not fool yourself. I am Iris Pumila, one of the three progenitors. It is impossible for me to be nothing but the first wife."
*Sparks fly between them. So it seems...*
*My house will be broken so go fight outside.*
Mari: "They never have enough of this as usual."
Shuma: "Truly."
Kaede: "Mari-chan, won't you go for the first wife's position?"
Aoi: "If Mari joins this wacky race for first wife, what will the odds be? I'll have to report to the branch."
Lycoris: "Three-way battle! This is hot, I say!"
Shuma: "Hey, you two. Curb yourselves, seriously."
Mari: "As for me...well, I'm Master's girlfriend... As long as he loves me the most, I don't care if I'm the first or not...*glance glance*..."
Shuma: "Of course, you are the number one for me, Mari!"
Mari: "So are you! Master!"
Kaede: "Mari-chan is so cute...*pant pant*."
Aoi: "So obvious the favorite will win, that race won't be much fun."
Lycoris: "Then Aoi, you'll join and be a dark horse, I say."
Aoi: "W-why me?!"
*Phew. I meant to take a little break.*
*Every day has become noisy like this now when I think about it.*
*Am I supposed to ever have peace and quiet?!*
*However...*
Shuma: "Days like this are not bad, either."
Mari: "Did you say something?"
Shuma: "No. I've just thought I want to live with you forever, Mari."
Mari: "...So do I. Master."
====================E-RK01_01.TXT====================
Shuma: "Let's handle this ourselves!"
Aoi: "Shuma..."
Calen: "Is that fine with you?"
Mari: "Um, do you mean you're going to give her your life force?"
*I look around slowly at the anxious group and try to calm them before finally meeting Lycoris' gaze.*
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "If we keep standing by doing nothing, the situation will just get worse. So if there's even a slight possibility of this working, I want to take that gamble."
Shuma: "Lycoris. Will you let me try it?"
Lycoris: "......"
*Lycoris, who is lying weakly on the ground, closes her eyes for a moment. When she opens them again, I can see the strong glint of her will to live.*
Lycoris: "Yes... Please, I say."
Shuma: "Alright."
*I give her a nod, but...*
*Yeah, I'm not too confident I can solve this.*
*If worst comes to worst, we'll make her Calen's familiar.*
*It'll be fine. I can take care of one or two limbs with my vampire power... Or at least I hope I can.*
*While I'm going through this internal conflict, a sighing voice echoes in my brain.*
Lotus: "It's not like there's no way to save Lycoris."
Shuma: "Eh?!"
*I instinctively clutch hold of the ring through my clothes.*
Lotus: "Let's step out for a moment. Then we'll talk about it."
Shuma: "...I'm going to go to my room. Let me be alone for a little while."
Mari & Aoi & Lycoris: "Eh?"
Calen: "......"
*There are three surprised voices. The one who remains silent is looking at me as though she's picked up on something.*
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "I understand. I will look after Lycoris in the meantime."
Aoi: "Uh, but..."
Shuma: "Sorry Mari, but I'll be counting on you too."
Mari: "Okaaaay."
Aoi: "What, wait a minute! What's going on, Shuma?!"
Shuma: "Trust me and wait for me. I will definitely save Lycoris."
Aoi: "...We get it already. Just come back as soon as possible."
*Aoi had been bearing down on me so close I thought she would try and grab me, but she nods meekly at my words and goes back toward Lycoris.*
*So...*
Shuma: "Are you gonna explain?"
*Back in my room I hold the ring in the palm of my hand and speak to it.*
Lotus: "The reason Lycoris is petrifying is as Calen supposed; it's due to a discordance between her body and life force."
Lotus: "Curing it fundamentally will require adequate time."
*So far this is all the same as Calen had expected.*
Lotus: "Also, part of the reason is that she doesn't have enough life force."
Lotus: "Because of the discordance, her body had started rejecting her intrinsic life force. As a result, she has the same condition as would result from a depletion of life force."
Shuma: "Would giving her my life force not help?"
Lotus: "Even if you revitalize her life force, it won't be effective with her current condition. Because her body will recognize that life force as a foreign substance."
Shuma: "So, you're saying I can't save Lycoris?!"
*My tone unconsciously grows forceful.*
Lotus: "Calm down. Didn't I already tell you there's a way? If revitalization of her original life force doesn't work, you can revitalize another life force which is compatible with her body."
Shuma: "A compatible life force... But didn't you say that there's no such life force, so it's futile?"
*No way, I can't be possessed by that god again.*
*Even though I spoke so sharply to Aoi and Lycoris, this predicament...*
Lotus: "Shuma, you might have forgotten, but I was one of the progenitors."
Shuma: "How is that relevant right now...?"
Lotus: "Lycoris was possessed as Lady Pumila's familiar for a long time. Her familiars are made from her life force. And, as we are both progenitors, my life force type is similar to Lady Pumila's."
Shuma: "Huh? Do you mean...give her your life force?"
Lotus: "Yes. Give her my life force, then afterwards give her yours and revitalize her. This will surely solve the problem."
*My dad is suggesting using his own life force as an intermediary for recharging Lycoris' body with my life force.*
*Well, it does sound more effective than me just giving her my own life force. But there's one thing niggling at the back of my mind.*
Shuma: "...What happens to you if you give her your life force?"
Lotus: "Hmm... Well, let's try it and see. You don't have the time to worry, if you fail with this method you'll need to think of another."
Shuma: "Hey!"
*He's clearly trying to evade my question, which means...*
Lotus: "...I will probably disappear completely."
Shuma: "No way..."
Lotus: "Fundamentally speaking, I do not exist in this world."
Shuma: "...?!"
*He cuts me off before I can even say a word.*
Lotus: "When she left this world, my existence completely lost its meaning. The reason I can still talk with you like this is something like making up for lost time."
Shuma: "But still, I need you Dad. If it weren't for you, I..."
Lotus: "Indeed, if I hadn't been here, you would have quickly been dominated by Lady Pumila. But you'll be fine without me now. I promise you."
Shuma: "......"
Lotus: "My real form couldn't do anything that a dad is supposed to do. I'm glad that I could contribute to your growth, even as an alter ego."
Shuma: "What? Why the hell are you speaking so admirably all of a sudden?"
Lotus: "You want to save Lycoris, don't you? A life still existing and a life already finished. You don't even need to weigh both in the balance."
Shuma: "I..."
Lotus: "Honestly, I've lost count of how many times I've cursed the fact that my soul is lodged in this tiny ring. I wanted to complain to those with real substance so many times."
Lotus: "But, I have one thing going for me over substance. Do you know what it is, Shuma?"
Shuma: "...No..."
Lotus: "You called me "Dad"."
Shuma: "!!"
*My vision distorts. I'd been calling him "Dad" for convenience sake...but at some point I've come to truly recognize this being as my dad.*
Lotus: "Don't pull that face, you'll make everyone worry about you. Also..."
Lotus: "The method of giving Lycoris your life force will not be via sucking blood, but through sex."
Shuma: "What?!"
*Hey, wasn't this supposed to be our touching goodbye?*
Shuma: "I feel like this isn't the time for jokes."
Lotus: "I'm absolutely serious. Remember, you sucked a fair amount of Lycoris' blood to save her already. It wouldn't be good for her to lose any more."
Shuma: "Ah."
*I think back on how I'd sucked Lycoris' blood when she was possessed by God.*
Lotus: "There's no better way to absorb someone's life force than to suck blood, but this time you'll be doing it via infusion. You'll pour your life force into her body by inserting your "organ"."
Shuma: "Was that supposed to be funny?"
Lotus: "Haha. It's hard to get aroused if you're down in the dumps, so this is my last act of parental love."
Shuma: "Go away, pervert."
Mari: "Oh, Master."
*When I get back to the living room, I almost shrink from the funeral-like atmosphere, but somehow manage to act normal.*
Calen: "Are you ready?"
Shuma: "Yeah."
*I'm not sure what Calen is confirming with me, but I've already resolved myself anyway.*
Shuma: "How's Lycoris' condition?"
Aoi: "Not good... The petrification is progressing, slowly but surely."
Lycoris: "Awww."
*I go over to Lycoris to check on her and, sure enough, the petrification is progressing just as Aoi had said. We don't have much more time.*
Aoi: "Hey, she'll be fine, right? We can save her, can't we...?"
Shuma: "She'll be fine, leave it to me. I have a solution."
Mari: "But Calen told us that just giving Master's life force would have the opposite effect."
Aoi: "......"
*To cheer her up, I show Aoi, who is looking at me anxiously, the ring in my hand.*
Shuma: "Don't worry. I told you there's a solution. Just watch me."
Aoi: "What's this ring?"
Mari: "It's Lord Embroche's..."
Shuma: "I'm going to give the leftover life force in this ring to Lycoris. It's similar to Iris' life force."
Shuma: "Since she was possessed as Iris' familiar for a long time, this life force should have a high affinity with Lycoris'."
Calen: "I see. Of course, it should be possible to save her if you use a life force which is compatible with Lycoris' body at this point."
Shuma: "Yeah. But this ring holds only a small amount of life force. So I need to boost it with my own power..."
Aoi: "If you have a solution, hurry up and do it! I don't wanna see Lycoris suffering!"
*When I hesitate to say what that solution is, Aoi raises her voice to hurry me along.*
*I have to tell them clearly...*
Shuma: "Ahhh...well...boosting the life force in this ring with my power means...I have to give her my life force..."
Aoi: "You've done it to me many times. She might not be overjoyed about letting a vampire bite her, but it's not the first time for Lycoris either..."
Calen: "In other words, Shuma is going to have sex with Lycoris, right? That is a reasonable approach when it comes to exchanging life forces."
Aoi: "What?"
Mari: "Now that I think about it, she has already had a lot of blood sucked. It would be risky for her to lose even more."
Aoi: "Huh...? But in the state she's in right now..."
Lycoris: "Uh...ah..."
*Slumped on the ground, Lycoris is so exhausted that she can barely even speak.*
Shuma: "At any rate, I'll give her this ring's life force."
*I tightly clasp the ring.*
Lotus: "......"
*We've already said our goodbyes. Words are no longer necessary.*
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
*I place the ring on Lycoris' chest as Aoi watches on anxiously.*
====================E-RK01_02H_N.TXT====================
Lycoris: "Mm...!"
*It all happens in a flash. The ring emits a dazzling light I've experienced before, which then disappears as it's absorbed into Lycoris' body.*
Shuma: " (Goodbye...Dad.) "
*I pick up the ring from where it had fallen onto the floor. It's now just an ordinary ring.*
Lycoris: "Oh...ohhh...?"
Shuma: "W-what is it? Is something happening?"
*Her gaze, which until now had been turned vacantly up at the sky, suddenly moves to her limbs.*
*As I watch, the colorless skin takes on a tinge of pink, evidence of life, and then...*
Shuma: "...Are you back to normal?"
Lycoris: "Mm..."
*She clenches and opens each hand, then bends and stretches each leg...*
Lycoris: "I'm back...I'm back! I'm restooooooooored! I say!"
*Thank goodness. If this hadn't worked, I wouldn't have been able to face Aoi.*
Shuma: "That's great. Well, anyway...we'd better get you cleaned up before the others get back...and the floor, too."
*They'll probably come bursting in at any moment if they heard Lycoris just now.*
*I can already hear Mari's scolding.*
====================E-RK01_03.TXT====================
*It is a brutal place for any creature to live.*
*The deformed vegetation, the discolored earth, the cracked concrete.*
*They vividly illustrate the reality that the world, where humans lived normally until just a few days prior, has started to warp.*
Iris: "...You've been doing whatever you please, haven't you."
*A clear anger is evident in the way her foot stamps the soft earth, which emits a moldy smell.*
Iris: "However..."
*Iris Pumila's gaze never wavers, giving just the barest hint that she is taking in the situation.*
Iris: "Who'd have thought it would get this far..."
*With each breath, a feeling that could make one's body rot from the inside.*
*The things all living creatures need to survive have been all but lost from the air in this place.*
*What is the cause? It doesn't bear thinking about.*
Enosh: "――――"
*The outlines of a long, pale shadow blur as it forms itself into a shape.*
*Without a single sound, the shadow, which engenders a primordial disgust as a living thing, slowly reveals itself.*
Enosh: "Ah, oog, aah, ah, wah."
*A voice as if passing through a filter reverberates into the world where Iris stands alone.*
Enosh: "...Ah, oh."
*Then two, three, four more.*
*As though summoned by something, more shadows start to sway and slowly materialize.*
Iris: "...Hmph."
*Each of them responds to her voice.*
*The shapes stretch out black tentacles as though groping around for something.*
*Every blade of grass they touch withers and turns to ash in an instant.*
Iris: "...Disgusting."
*A single snapping sound rings out.*
Enosh: "――――"
*With just a click of her fingers, the shadows are rent apart by a sharp wind.*
*But shadows are shadows. Monsters that have no real substance, they aren't hindered by being torn to shreds, so they start to send out more imploring tentacles.*
Iris: "...Hmph."
*Snap! Snap! The whirlwind tears the shadows asunder and scatters them across the area.*
Enosh: "A-aeee."
*Iris herself knew that such an action would most likely be futile.*
*And that at the same time it would become a noose around her own neck.*
Iris: "...Dead bastards."
*Hanging calmly at her sides, her fingertips summon a violent gale.*
*The ground rips apart with an obscene squelching sound.*
Enosh: "I...found...you."
*The shadow manifests a will of its own for the first time as it reaches out its tentacles for the girl.*
Enosh: "Guhh...gahh...ah."
*Then, just before it touches her, it's dispersed by a shock wave akin to a gale force wind.*
Iris: "...Of course if I do this much, they can find me."
*Iris confronts the shadow, now solidified right before her, as a sigh escapes her lips.*
Enosh: "I...ris...Pu...mi...la..."
*With a low, rumbling voice that sounds like it's been dredged up from the very depths of hell, the shadow forms itself into a huge mass.*
Iris: "This is getting tedious."
*With a sound like snapping rubber, a fissure opens up in the earth... Immediately after the ground directly around Iris explodes.*
Enosh: "Pumi...laaaaaaa!"
*But the voice, the grasping hands, they spread around her without faltering.*
Enosh: "Iri...s...Iris Pumilaaaa!"
*The voice, clear enough now to tell it's a voice, is so sinister just the sound of it is enough to fill one with disgust.*
Iris: "Who gave you permission to use my name?"
*The hollow blade called forth from her now free-arms pulverizes the surrounding buildings to their very foundations.*
Enosh: "Iriiiiiiiiiiis!"
*The long, thin, fingerless tentacles, stretch out like tree limbs to touch her legs.*
Iris: "...!"
*It's the merest brush.*
*But even so, in that brief moment, the shadow leaves a painful mark on the girl's skin.*
Enosh: "Ah, aha, ahahaha!"
*A vulgar laugh that would make anyone clamp their hands over their ears shakes the air.*
*The monster, taking the vague shape of a human, laughs as it sways like a heat haze.*
Iris: "...Hmph, this might be the best place for this."
*With a little sigh, she finally takes a slow look around the area.*
*The sharp malice of the shadows, spreading wildly like a raging black sea, is turned on the girl as one.*
*She had intended to be prepared.*
*Prepared for the fact that this was a place where the air of the other side had started to creep in.*
*For the fact that the enemy before her eyes would gush forth in inexhaustible supply, so long as she failed to defeat its core.*
*And, more than anything...for the fact that she herself did not possess the means to annihilate the enemy completely under the circumstances.*
Enosh: "Hee, heehee, heeheeheeheehee."
*Tens, hundreds of voices are joined in an eerie chorus of laughter.*
*The situation, completely against her as she faces the mass that has become one, has gone too far to turn back now.*
*The only thing she can do is akin to drying up an entire ocean with a bucket.*
Iris: "Well, whatever... I can at least make you emotionless things feel the fear of annihilation."
*Yet the undead king, bearing the upper hand, pays no heed.*
Iris: "Don't underestimate a progenitor, you piece of trash."
Iris: "...You'll die before you can even regret it."
*Her surviving two-thousand-year-old fangs ferociously shine again...now.*
**
Lycoris: "Right hand! Left hand! Right leg! Left leg! Head! Butt! Spin around! And, yeah! All present and active, I say!"
*Lycoris rotates her joints, spins around in a circle, then pumps her fist in the air.*
Lycoris: "Now no one is a match for me, I say! I say, say, say!
*She looks just like a little kid as she clenches both hands into fists and strikes a victory pose.*
*Although her boobs, squished up between her arms, are definitely not childlike.*
Lycoris: "And thanks again for saving me, Shuma!"
*She smiles at me, bright and innocent. Somehow she's more puppy-like than an actual puppy.*
Shuma: "Uh, sure..."
Lycoris: "I mean...you really were amazing yesterday, in more ways than one..."
*She looks up at me through her lashes, putting a hand to her reddening cheek.*
Shuma: "Um... What do you mean?"
Lycoris: "When I was immobilized and you were ravishing me, your face... You looked like a wild beast. I was really scared, you know?"
Shuma: "...Seriously?"
Lycoris: "I'm joking, obviously."
Shuma: "...I don't know why I was even worried about you."
Lycoris: "You were worried about me?"
Shuma: "Well...your life was in danger, so of course I was."
Lycoris: "I see, I see, so you were worried about me."
Lycoris: "But to think, not only are you a demonic sadist, but you also have an abnormal fetish for girls turning to stone!"
Shuma: "Wha?! Why would you say that?!"
Lycoris: "Well you were so excited by seeing me turning to stone you almost came right in your pants."
Shuma: "Hey, wait a minute! Your reasoning is totally off here! I was just turned on by you...!"
Lycoris: "Ooooooh! I see, I see! So you wanted my body, huh?"
*She's grinning at me like a little kid who's just pulled off a prank.*
Shuma: "I-it was just a comparison!"
Lycoris: "So, you got turned on by me being unable to move my limbs, like a sex doll? A pretty doll that would accept your bestial urges without objecting!"
Shuma: "Argh, that's enough! This conversation is over."
*She's smirking at me like she's finding my reactions funny.*
*I really am an idiot for worrying about her. Seriously.*
Lycoris: "We have a visitor."
Shuma: "So we do."
Lycoris: "Is it okay for us not to show our faces?"
Shuma: "We do have an excellent guard dog."
*Whether the caller is man or monster, she'll handle it no problem.*
Mari: "Nuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?!"
Lycoris: "A scream?!"
Shuma: "A scream...although it sounded strangely brazen."
*Having said that, it was unmistakably Mari's voice.*
Lycoris: "Whatever the case, let's hurry up and get to her, Shuma!"
Shuma: "You don't need to tell me!"
*I sure hope it's nothing, but...*
Iris: "I'm here♪"
Mari: "......"
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "......"
*Standing there is the loli grandma, looking pitiful, like a lover who's just been ravished.*
Shuma: "W-what are you doing here...?!"
Iris: "This place sure is small. It's barely even a house. Doesn't even come close to my castle."
*Without bothering to answer me, Iris barges into the house as soon as she's taken off her shoes.*
*Well, at least she knows enough manners to take off her shoes.*
Shuma: "Wait right there, no one invited you in!"
Iris: "Now now, that's no way to treat a guest. As a man you should be overjoyed to have your harem increase."
*I see. Everything I say falls on deaf ears.*
Shuma: "Mari! Why did you let this intruder in?! There'd better be a good reason!"
Mari: "Don't ask me?! I mean, I couldn't keep her out, could I...?!"
*Tail and ears still out, Mari curls in on herself, desperately wailing that it wasn't her fault.*
Shuma: "Gah... Then you, Lycoris! I saved you, so get to work! Do something to get this blood-sucking fiend out!"
Lycoris: "Lady Pumila! Let us take down this idiot Shuma together and steal this house!"
Shuma: "Hey, you?! You backstabbing whore!"
Lycoris: "W-whore?! I won't stand for that! Take it back! I demand you take it back!"
Shuma: "Fine! Then you're a bitch! A perverted bitch who gets wet from turning to stone!"
Lycoris: "W-what did you just call me? I'll sock you one! Even gentle Lycoris' patience runs dry!"
Iris: "Quit your babbling."
Lycoris: "Bwah?!"
Mari: "Whoaaa..."
*Iris backhands Lycoris, sending her body spinning. Mari backs off, and so do I.*
Lycoris: "Guwaah, guwaah, it hurts...my nose hurts...waah."
Shuma: "Even though she was once your familiar, you don't go easy on her."
Iris: "Hmph. We wouldn't make any progress otherwise."
*Ignoring Lycoris, who's writhing in pain, Iris pins me with her glare.*
Iris: "Let's get to the point... Will you hear me out?"
*For some reason I don't feel the same sense of intimidation as before. Why is that? Still, even so...*
*I can't help but lose my nerve after seeing her send Lycoris spinning through the air with just one blow.*
Shuma: "S-sure...I'll listen to whatever you have to say."
Lycoris: "Haha, pathetic...gyaa?!"
*She never learns.*
Shuma: "......"
Mari: " (Tremble) "
Lycoris: " (I don't really get what's going on, but my instincts are telling me to keep quiet.) "
Calen: "That was a rather brash greeting given you have come to a stranger's house without any prior notification."
Iris: "What? I'm basically paying a visit to a relative's kid. I think it'd be way over the top to bring an expensive gift in this situation."
*The situation feels like a powder keg one spark away from blowing up...or rather, Calen is unilaterally glaring at our guest.*
Iris: "Anyway, Shuma... Since it's just me, it doesn't really matter, but you should put a bit more effort into the snacks you offer to guests."
Shuma: "Hey, why are you making yourself so comfortable? I'm amazed at how brazen you can be when you're clearly not welcome here."
*Fear, bafflement, and a murderous impulse. Gazes conveying each of these different emotions are converged on her.*
Iris: "What? As a vampire it's only natural to have such courage... Conversely, it's the act of an inferior to want to kill someone over a triflingly little quarrel."
Iris: "How will you fare as a vampire if you can't even control your emotions? ...Although I don't know what kind of training you've done, Officinalis."
Calen: "...!"
*Iris munches on a rice cracker as she provokes Calen.*
Shuma: "...Can we cut the crap and get to the real issue?"
*I can't let her keep doing as she pleases. In various senses.*
*I ask instinctively and, after taking a sip of tea, Iris finally broaches the subject.*
Iris: "Hmph, don't rush me. Honestly, don't you even have the decency to be considerate toward someone who's just finished a difficult job?"
Shuma: "...Job?"
Iris: "Yeah. I may have sown the seeds, but there is no more thankless task. I wish I could have dealt with it before it came to something so troublesome..."
Iris: "To get to the point―"
Lycoris: "I say?!"
*Without leaving room to argue, Iris kicks Lycoris and flops down onto the sofa.*
*She's like an old warrior worn out from battle...*
Lycoris: "Owwie...it...doesn't really hurt! Go me! I've leveled up my defensive abilities in no time at all!"
Shuma: "...I don't know who, but...did you come here after losing to someone?"
Iris: "Idiot. You think I'd lose? I can't stand to lose. Losing means giving up. This was what you call a strategic retreat."
*She mutters, looking off into the distance.*
Shuma: "You're pretty exhausted, aren't you? Compared to when I met you at the castle..."
*Her presence is weakened.*
Iris: "Hmph. Think of it as being because you've grown. But I am sleepy, so let me sleep for a bit."
Shuma: "Are you serious? We're enemies."
Iris: "Think of it as a form of consideration that I am not questioning the sanity of it. Although I don't think a sweet boy like you could do anything to me."
Shuma: "......"
*She's wearing a fearless expression, but Iris is so weakened right now that I can guess she's just talking tough.*
Calen: "It is painful to watch the misplaced pride of the elderly, isn't it, Shuma-san? Lady Pumila's life force is quite depleted, to the extent that you could take her under your control, if you were so inclined."
Shuma: "...Are you serious?"
Calen: "Calendula Officinalis does not lie."
*She smiles sweetly. Although, looking closer, the smile doesn't reach her eyes. Scary.*
*Actually, Calen has been bristling ever since Iris arrived.*
Iris: "...Hmph. You think I'd be dominated by a boy like that?"
*Iris snorts at Calen's words.*
*That's all she does, however. She clearly has no intention of attacking Calen, who is oozing obvious animosity toward her.*
Mari: "...Could it be that you are in a grave situation?"
*Mari, who had cared for her, even if only for a short while, speaks in a reserved tone.*
*There is only one thing those words mean.*
Shuma: "...Iris, who did this to you?"
*That there is something else that could exhaust one of the progenitor vampires, who has lived for two thousand years, to this extent.*
Iris: "...The existence that the Rubina girls call 'God'."
*God... The thing that used Aoi and Lycoris.*
Iris: "To revere that thing as 'God' is a crime of ignorance."
Shuma: "So what actually is it?"
Iris: "Human. No, things that were once human. From a different world, not this one. A denizens of Derniere, the world we were once a part of. The Enosh."
Shuma: "Derni...? Enosh?"
Iris: "They are trying to connect this world with Derniere. An idiotic plan to try and save a world that has already reached its end."
Iris: "Derniere is already a barren place where nothing can live. Connecting it with this world wouldn't even be sprinkling water on parched ground, it would just be creating one more world of the dead..."
Iris: "We progenitors are the foundational pillars of the wall that separates this world from Derniere. The three...progenitors...must assemble..."
Shuma: "Uh, hey...Iris?!"
Iris: "......"
Shuma: "She fell asleep. What the heck was that about? She said something about another world?"
Lycoris: "Hey, Shuma. What was she trying to say, spell it out? I didn't get a word of that!"
Shuma: "......"
*I turn silently to look at Calen.*
Calen: "......"
*She shakes her head and shrugs her shoulders with a troubled look on her face.*
Mari: "Uh, you're looking at me, but I have no idea either."
*She completely shrugs off all the expectant gazes turned her way.*
*If only my dad were here...*
Lycoris: "Is it the final answer that the thing we're calling Enosh is the culprit?"
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "Or not? As far as I could follow, it seems like the case."
Shuma: "Well, I suppose so, but..."
*Stop it. I've got to stop thinking about my dad.*
*He said it himself. His presence no longer exists in this world. All that exists now is a figment of my imagination.*
*I've lost something, but I also saved something.*
Lycoris: "...?"
*So doesn't that count for something? I have to think about the future.*
Shuma: "Calen, about this other world she spoke of... What do you make of that?"
Calen: "...To be honest, I have no idea. Although I think it's certain that it is somehow connected to the progenitors..."
Calen: "Isn't the more pressing issue that there exists an opponent who could wear down Lady Pumila to this extent?"
Shuma: "...Right."
*Taking into account Calen's attitude, having completely lost her earlier barbed tone, Iris' level of exhaustion must be no laughing matter.*
*...In fact, she's so weakened that even we could defeat her, if we were so inclined.*
Lycoris: "Hey, heeeey! Let's settle old scores while we can!"
Lycoris: "I'll draw a target mark on her forehead! And then draw a face on her belly!"
Lycoris: "Oh! I just had a great idea! I'll draw dicks all over her like she's some kind of slut who's been gangbanged in an ero manga!"
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "......"
Mari: "...You bring the whole of humanity down a level."
*Her gaze is so icy it could kill.*
Shuma: "Please don't lump me in with her."
*But seriously, that was a bit too gross... Just how much resentment does she bear toward Iris?*
Lycoris: "Alrighty, now that it's decided, I need a magic marker..."
Calen: "Knock it off. You are being extremely crude considering the situation."
Shuma: "Oh, you tell her."
Calen: "After all, an indirect approach is often more effective than a direct one when it comes to things like this."
Shuma: "...Hm?"
Lycoris: "Indirect?"
Calen: "That's right. First we need undiluted Calpyis (light milky drink), then add some lemon juice, put it in a condom and―"
Shuma: "Wait."
Calen: "What is the matter, Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "This is all too weird. It's too different from what I was expecting. Your reaction is all off."
Calen: "Is it now? I myself can think of various things I would like to do to Lady Pumila."
*Her smile is completely innocent. Yeah, that makes it all the more scary.*
Shuma: "I mean, even so, from that exchange I thought you were gonna stop her?! Why are you egging her on?!"
Calen: "...Hehe, a lady never tells!"
Shuma: "Don't talk like we're in some olden time love comedy! The Calpyis, the lemon juice, and the condom are all no-gos, got it?!"
Calen: "Then...how about some other thick, white, milky liquid?"
Shuma: "That's not what I meant."
Calen: "Fake semen?"
Shuma: "Aren't these even worse than before?! I'm saying that all your ideas are a no-go!"
Calen: "Now now... Your mouth is saying no, but I know you want to really."
Shuma: "Want to...what?"
Calen: "You know."
*Calen's bright red tongue swipes seductively over her soft, plush upper lip.*
Calen: "Play...a...little...prank."
Shuma: "A prank...?!"
*Why is she saying it so sensually...?!*
Calen: "You can do whatever you want to her soft, defenseless body... The opportunity is right there before you for the taking, you know?"
Shuma: "Right there...for the taking...!"
Calen: "Slowly, tenderly and stickily... And then, when she wakes up, you can capture her surprise forever in a photo."
Shuma: "I can take photos?!"
Calen: "Hehe, yes, you can play a prank where you get a most unladylike shot of her sleepy face draped with a condom and fake semen for your cell phone background."
Shuma: "S-such extreme sleaze..."
Calen: "But... Now that you've been given the chance to do it, don't you want to...?"
Shuma: "W-well, I..."
Mari: "Master...you..."
Shuma: "W-wait a minute! I-I was just getting confused because Calen put it so erotically. I'd never dream of doing something mean to Iris while she slept...!"
Calen: "You can even go a little rough on her, you know...?"
Shuma: "...*Gulp*."
Mari: "This is no gulping matter, you dummy."
Lycoris: "So you do have a thing for lolis, Shuma?"
Shuma: "Why are you saying it like a confirmation?!"
Lycoris: "I have a vague memory from when I was Iris' familiar that the Embroche family are all lolicons!"
Mari: "Oh..."
Calen: "Oh..."
Shuma: "Huh? Why do you look like that makes sense? It's not true! I mean, I do think that little girls are cute, but that's all it is. And my mom told me absolutely no lolis..."
Calen: "Little girls are certainly cute. I am always eyeing them up too."
Mari: "Kaede-san loves them too."
Lycoris: "Of course she does."
Shuma: "I have no idea what you all are talking about."
Lycoris: "Dammit! What's so great about this shorty anyway?!"
**Slap*.*
Lycoris: "Ah."
Calen: "Ah."
Mari: "Ah."
*The empty-headed Lycoris' fist strikes Iris' head.*
Iris: "......"
Iris: "B u r s t"
*The next instant, my living room is explosively ripped apart.*
*Since there's not much time left, I feel bad, but I leave the cleanup to Mari while Calen and I hurry to school.*
Calen: "Shuma... Don't you think it's a little dangerous to be going to school under these circumstances?"
*Calen had been matching my strides, but she slows her pace slightly as she speaks.*
Shuma: "Hm... I understand what you're trying to say, but..."
*On top of not knowing where the enemy that cornered Iris is, a thick fog has covered the town.*
*She had recommended we not step out recklessly, and her worry is probably not unfounded.*
*But...*
Shuma: "It's not like anything will change if we just stay in the house...and we can't just leave things as they are, can we?"
*Having seen the unusual phenomenon with my own eyes, I can't stay silent and pretend it has nothing to do with me. In reality, I do think I have something to do with it.*
*Nevertheless, it's frustrating that the only answer I can give when asked what we can do is that I don't know.*
*If, no matter how much we struggle and try and prepare ourselves, all we can really do is wait, then I want to stick with our peaceful life for as long as possible.*
*Because I've realized just how precious and valuable a time the peace I've been taking for granted really is.*
Calen: "You...may be right about that."
Shuma: "We'll get down on ourselves if all we ever do is fight...and if it comes down to it we can use Lycoris as bait."
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "...I probably shouldn't joke at a time like this."
Calen: "No, you can say anything you like about Lycoris. That's all she is useful for anyway."
Shuma: "...Really?"
*She's being as sharp as ever toward Lycoris and Aoi.*
Lycoris: "Heeeey..."
Shuma: "Hm? Did you hear something just now?"
Calen: "...Nothing at all."
*For a second there I thought I heard an idiotic voice.*
Shuma: "Must have been my imagin―"
Lycoris: "Wait uuuuuup! Shuuumaaaaa!"
Shuma: "...Or not."
Calen: "...*Sigh*. Looks like the interruption is here. And just when I had gotten you alone, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "Isn't Sakurako just like her?"
Calen: "Sakurako gets a pass because she's delici― I mean, cute!"
Shuma: "Hey! Were you about to say she's delicious? Do you mean she looks like it, or she is? Which is it?"
Calen: "Hehe. A lady does not tell!"
*That sly smile doesn't help, it just makes it even more suspicious!*
*However, the intruder throws a wrench in the works of my investigation.*
Lycoris: "Don't ignore me, I saaaaay!"
*Wincing at the voice coming from behind me, I turn around.*
Lycoris: "Hahoo... I finally caught up with you."
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "......"
*Standing there is the person I'd expected to see, in an unexpected outfit.*
Lycoris: "You're so mean Shuma, rushing off to school on your own... You could have waited for me."
Shuma: "No, but...weren't you supposed to be staying home?"
Lycoris: "You can't expect me to stay home with Pumila!"
Shuma: "I suppose not..."
Calen: "I understand where you are coming from."
*It's an unexpectedly understandable reason. No, wait, there's another issue before that.*
Shuma: "Well, that aside...what are you doing in that?"
*I point to the uniform Lycoris is wearing and ask the most pressing question I have.*
Lycoris: "This? Whaddya think?! Do I look good?!"
*She twirls around on the spot, smiling her usual airheaded smile.*
*Her skirt whirls up in the air, revealing her thighs, and further up, I can see...*
Lycoris: "I can feel your wicked gaze, Shuma."
Calen: "Shuma-san?"
Shuma: "*Ahem*. Um...what is this? Are you cosplaying?"
Lycoris: "Why would you think that?! I'm a student at Shinkou Academy."
Shuma: "Huh?"
*What is she talking about?*
Lycoris: "You know that Aoi and I are a team, right?"
Shuma: "Well, yeah."
*The reason Aoi had been so desperate to save Lycoris was because she was her partner and only friend.*
Lycoris: "When we came to this town for our mission, we both enrolled at the school. Although straight afterwards Iris made me her familiar."
Shuma: "Oh, I see."
*Aoi had infiltrated the school as a student, so it made sense that Lycoris would have done the same.*
Shuma: "But where did you get that uniform?"
Aoi: "From me."
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*It's been a while since she's popped up like that.*
Calen: "I suppose it cannot be helped, since the Rubina has no talent for anything but sneaking around."
*Hey, now, don't provoke her too much. Although thankfully she didn't seem to hear, so it should be fine.*
Aoi: "Lycoris, you're too reckless. You were turned into a vampire, controlled by that fake god, and almost turned to stone. You need to be more careful."
Lycoris: "And you worry too much, Aoi. As you can see, I'm fine now, thanks to Shuma."
Aoi: "We still don't know if there will be side effects. Besides, it's really shady that you'd recover because he did...THAT to you."
Lycoris: "Well what do we have here? Are you jealous, Aoi?"
Aoi: "W-why would you think that?!"
Lycoris: "Weeeell, you've had your blood sucked by Shuma and had sex with him, haven't you!"
Aoi: "Th-that was unavoidable. If I hadn't, I would have been no match for you..."
Lycoris: "Yeah. Thanks for that, Aoi. Thanks to you I became human again."
Aoi: "Lycoris..."
Lycoris: "Aoi..."
Shuma: "......"
*The two of them seem to have gone off into their own little world.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, is this what they call 'yuri' (girls love)?"
Shuma: "Where did a lady like you learn a word like that?"
Calen: "I saw it in a book Sakurako lent me."
Shuma: "I figured."
*Calen*
*"Now that I think about it, there is a line one must say when stumbling upon a yuri scene. I think it was, the yuri ship has sai―"*
Shuma: "Ok, that's enough, let's leave it at that shall we."
*I hurriedly put a stop to Calen's imaginings and set off for school while planning my revenge on Sakurako.*
*Naturally I leave the two lesbian lovers to it.*
Lycoris: "Wait up!"
*Lessons are over with before I know it.*
Iris: "......"
*Iris is still asleep when we get back home.*
*According to Calen, it's because of how depleted her internal life force is.*
Aoi: "...She really is fast asleep."
*Aoi is wearing a complicated expression as she fixates on Iris, who is sleeping like a log.*
Lycoris: "I really want to kill her while she sleeps, but as your elder and better, I must propose that we resist, in consideration of the future implications!"
Aoi: "...But if we're gonna do it, shouldn't it be now? If we all went for her together I'm sure we could bring her down."
Lycoris: "Hmm, you might have a point there."
Shuma: "How many times do I have to tell you before it sticks in that empty head of yours..."
Mari: "...The humans are as idiotic as ever."
Calen: "They are indeed."
Shuma: "Hey now, weren't you trying to do the same thing this very morning?"
Calen: "Hehe, when it comes to actions, the most important thing is not what is being done, but who is doing it!"
Mari: "...*Sigh*. So, what are we going to do Master?"
*After casting a cold glance over the humans, Mari looks to me with a dubious expression.*
Shuma: "Hmm... Hmmmm."
*I'm thinking.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Nope, nothing is coming to mind. I give up. Mari, I am defeated."
Mari: "Why are you talking like you're in some foreign soap opera? And you're giving up way too easily... Well, I suppose that with the lack of info it's only natural that you'd feel it's hopeless."
Calen: "...Could we not wake Lady Pumila up again?"
Aoi: "For now let's beat her up until she spills the beans. I'm sure she's hiding something important!"
*Meatheads think differently to the norm. They think with their muscles.*
Shuma: "Hey, do you remember anything from when you were possessed?"
Lycoris: "Huh?"
Shuma: "It was only for a moment, but I was possessed by the guy controlling you too, and I broke Deesse Morte with my own two hands."
Shuma: "Then all that sinister life force came gushing out and the guy possessing me said something about 'all according to plan', so I'm sure that was an omen that something bad was coming..."
Lycoris: "...Ughhh. I don't really remember anything from that time. When I came to, my arms and legs were turning to stone, and then..."
*Lycoris glances my way.*
*Oh, right. That. Hey, you were the one poking that bear this morning. Don't get all embarrassed now, you'll make me feel awkward too.*
Mari: "*Sniff sniff*. Something smells like love comedy."
Calen: "Oh my, does Shuma-san have a new favorite mistress?"
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "Ehehe..."
Shuma: "What's with this conversation?"
*I thought we were having a serious discussion here?*
Shuma: "Well, moving on. Has Iris been asleep the whole time we were at school?"
*It's a little forced, but I turn the conversation back to the topic at hand.*
Mari: "Yep. She woke up once, but then she immediately...oh!"
Mari: "Now that you mention it, Lady Pumila did say something!"
Shuma: "...Hey."
Mari: "W-what are you giving me that look for?! I just forgot for a moment! People are forgetful creatures, it can't be helped!"
*This maid really is useless.*
Shuma: "So what did she say?"
Mari: "Become a progenitor, Shuma Embroche. Everything will stem from that."
Shuma: "...Is that it?"
Mari: "Hm? That's all I heard. She went right back to sleep after. Can't you just suck her life force for now?"
Shuma: "...That's vague."
*We're totally at a loss and, with no concrete course of action, I'm filled with anxiety.*
Calen: "Do not fear. If it comes down to it, I shall personally burn this god...called Enosh to cinders."
Shuma: "I don't know where you're getting that confidence from but...well, I'll be counting on you."
Mari: "By the way Master, will you be going out on patrol tonight?"
Shuma: "Yeah, I will. Why?"
Mari: "I was wondering what we should do with our forces given the current situation."
Shuma: "Hmm, good point..."
*All of us going out on patrol is a possibility, but we can't just leave Iris, who's the only one who knows what's going on.*
*I think the best plan would be to split our forces into offensive and protective groups, but...*
Calen: "...Right, then this time I will stay back to defend the house."
*Calen raises a small hand and offers her proposal.*
Calen: "And we will leave the night patrol to Shuma-san and his two concubines."
Aoi: "Who are you calling a concubine?!"
Lycoris: "Take that back, I say! I demand you take it back! Our battle is yet to come!"
Aoi: "Lycoris?!"
Shuma: "It's unusual for you to offer to stay home yourself, Calen."
*I decide to ignore the brewing fight.*
Calen: "A wife protects the home her husband comes back to."
*Aoi*
**Staaaaare*.*
*Lycoris*
**Staaaaare*.*
*Ignore it!*
Shuma: "Then Mari and Calen will stay home, and Aoi and Lycoris, you'll be with me."
Lycoris: "Hehe. Out on the prowl with two hot babes. Watch out, Shuma's lower half is weaponized and ready for war!"
Aoi: "L-lower half...? Shuma, you...have you been thinking of us like that?!
Shuma: "......"
*On second thought, maybe I'll go on my own.*
*The opponent who wore Iris down to such an extent...*
*I had readied myself for whatever diabolical foe we would face, but still...*
Shuma: "...This?"
Enosh: "Gaah...shuu...gaahh...greee..."
*A shadow appears as though oozing into being from the stagnant air itself.*
*A thing not of this world, this grotesque monster without even a solid outline makes a strange sound that could be a voice.*
Lycoris: "It appeared! It's scary! Diiiiiieeeeeee!"
*She swings her scythe and mercilessly slashes the shadow to smithereens. The phrase "instakill" springs to mind.*
Shuma: "Guess its bark doesn't match its bite..."
Aoi: "Hmph... That kind of thing has no place in this world!"
*Kicking off from the concrete, Aoi's blade slices through the air and cuts into the shadow.*
Enosh: "Ah...? Ga...ah...?"
*I almost forget to breathe as she goes through the combination of moves like flowing water.*
Aoi: "...Tsk!"
*But the enemies outside her range of attack are still going strong and I can see them slowly reaching out their arms for her.*
Shuma: "Aoi!"
Lycoris: "Leave it to Lycoris."
*Before I can even set off, I'm overtaken by another figure flying past me.*
Lycoris: "I say!"
*A beam of light slices through the darkness. In contrast to her rampaging demeanor, her delicate and precise sideways sweep tears apart the black monsters from top to bottom with a pinpoint accuracy none of them can escape.*
Aoi: "...Phew."
Lycoris: "It's over."
*The two of them appear before me with a sigh of relief.*
Shuma: "...Did we win?"
*I ask them as they stand with their backs to our now silent foe.*
Aoi: "Not yet."
*Aoi's expression remains vigilant as she stares at the crumbling shadows.*
Lycoris: "Look at that, Shuma."
Shuma: "Eh?"
*I look to where Lycoris is pointing. There, the remains of the shadows Aoi and Lycoris had just cut down are crumbling away... No...*
Enosh: "Gah, griiiick...gah...heeheehee..."
*The squirming shadows are still there, even after sustaining such an attack. Now I understand what they mean.*
Aoi: "Seems like it's different from Iris' minions. Going by its resilience to being cut, we should think of it as an entirely different creature altogether."
Lycoris: "It seems to be a mass of pure life force. It will be useless to just keep on attacking it."
Aoi: "Hey, didn't you get that scythe from Iris? And that outfit. Where's your usual gear?"
Lycoris: "It's scary how you get used to things. This scythe and these clothes are already like my identity."
*She strikes a pose.*
*I've never known Lycoris in any getup but this, but I suppose it's reasonable to think she looked different when she was partners with Aoi.*
*While we're talking, the squirming black shadow has been forming itself back into a humanoid shape like before.*
*However, its movements are sluggish; in fact, it seems to just be standing there. It doesn't seem like a pressing threat, but...*
Shuma: "What should we do? Since Deesse Morte broke, it hasn't been any different from a regular old sword."
*I look down at my right hand. Although the broken part has been repaired, I don't feel the strength coming from it that it once had.*
*Deesse Morte, which had once boasted an incredible might against enemies like this, is even less than an ordinary dull blade.*
*Don't tell me the being that had broken Deesse Morte had anticipated this? At least it's better to be armed with it than not.*
Lycoris: "...There is a way."
*Lycoris looks my way as she says this.*
Shuma: "What? If you're talking about Deesse Morte, I don't think that'll work."
Lycoris: "No, not that. Sucking its life force. That will solve everything."
*She beams like there's no problem at all. I suppose up until now the pattern has been to solve things by sucking life force, hasn't it?*
*But even so...*
Shuma: "...Suck it from that thing?"
*This black gloopy lump of amorphous shadow. It's form is just barely humanoid, but that somehow just makes it even more disgusting...*
*I seriously do not want to suck on that thing.*
Lycoris: "There's no time to be selfish about this."
Shuma: "What do you mean?"
Lycoris: "This fog. Don't you feel it, Shuma? Since I was once possessed by it, I can kind of sense the presence of God...of Enosh, in it."
Shuma: "Seriously?!"
Aoi: "Seriously?!"
*Aoi and I both voice our surprise at the same time. Wait, hang on a minute...?*
Shuma: "Then why don't you feel it, Aoi? I thought that Enosh was the thing that was talking with you sometimes."
Aoi: "Huh?! O-of course I noticed! I knew this fog was God's...that thing's doing!"
*Even I can tell that. But that's not what I meant...*
Aoi: "A-anyway, you were possessed by that thing too."
Shuma: "But it was only for a second in my case."
Lycoris: "Well, Aoi's regrets are an old story, so we will overlook it."
Aoi: "Hey, Lycoris?!"
Lycoris: "The problem is...uh oh."
*A tendril stretches out and snakes between us.*
Shuma: "...An attack?! It wasn't reacting at all, why now all of a sudden?"
Lycoris: "It's probably sucking the life force mixed in with the fog in the town. In time it'll birth a creature that is capable of doing battle!"
Shuma: "That's a nuisance."
*In other words, it's still a newborn baby...a troubling opponent which has the possibility of growing stronger as time passes.*
Lycoris: "...What do we do, Shuma? If you think we can get rid of it, maybe we can."
Lycoris: "But the only surefire way I can think of is for you to suck its life force dry."
*If we leave it any longer it'll just keep growing stronger. Having heard that, my course of action is decided.*
Shuma: "There's no other choice. I'll suck all its life force out!"
*I kick off from the ground and close the several meter distance between us.*
*As I draw closer, I can clearly feel the abnormality of its life force, its ominousness, like the embodiment of its malice toward this world.*
*Using all my willpower to subdue the feeling of disgust that runs through me, I thrust my hand right into the dark apparition.*
Enosh: "――――"
Shuma: "Ugh, guh... G-gaaaah...!"
*A visceral disgust rushes through my whole body, a feeling like microscopic bugs are crawling all over me.*
Shuma: "Raah, aaaaaaaahhhh!"
*I focus everything into the nerves running from the tips of my nails, through my fingers, from my knuckles to my palms and my wrists.*
*The microscopic bugs begin to feast violently on every cell of my body.*
Enosh: "Gah, gerrkk, groaa..."
Shuma: "Guh...gueehh...aaah..."
*The unpleasant feeling, like swallowing putrefied bog water, spreads from the areas that touch the thing and into my body.*
*My life force is slowly muddied, and in an instant the sensation of something impure mixing with my blood passes from my nerves to my brain.*
Shuma: "...Gah...aaaaahhhhhhh!"
*Overcome with the urge to empty the contents of my stomach, I absorb all of the shadow's life force.*
Shuma: "Guh...ah...haaaa..."
*The moment the weakened monster vanishes completely, I collapse to the floor.*
Lycoris: "Shumaaaaa!"
**Flump*.*
*Before I hit the ground I find myself supported by something soft and cushiony.*
Shuma: "Ah...? Oh, Lycoris..."
Lycoris: "Don't try and talk, I say! More importantly, are you alright?! Tell me as accurately as possible any changes you feel in your body!"
*Lycoris babbles self-contradictory words as she squishes my face into her ample chest.*
Shuma: "Haa...ah...I just feel...sick...like I ate something really gross...ugh."
Lycoris: "I told you not to force yourself to speak, idiot!"
*I'm thinking to myself that this girl must be the idiot, contradicting herself like this...*
Lycoris: "I'm sorry. Even though I couldn't think of any other way, to force you to do this..."
Shuma: "...Don't worry about it."
*Embraced in the warmth of her arms, I feel as though everything is fine.*
*It's like...motherly? This embrace, that I feel like surrendering myself to completely, this feeling coming from Lycoris' overly pure heart...*
Shuma: "......"
*No, that's not it. It's her massive boobs. It's because of these monstrously voluptuous boobs.*
Aoi: "...What are you grinning about?"
Shuma: "H-huh...? N-nothing...I'm just relieved it's over for now, ya know."
*They say with great titties come great responsibility, and I'm struck all over again by what a meaningful phrase that is.*
Aoi: "Hmm. It didn't seem like that kind of smile to me..."
*She narrows her eyes at me suspiciously.*
*Uh oh, at this rate she's gonna take me for a disgusting pervert who gets turned on just by a hug from Lycoris.*
*I've gotta get out of this situation right away.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Um, Lycoris? Why aren't you letting me go?"
*My body is still being held tightly against Lycoris' curvaceous form.*
Lycoris: "You're running a high fever from sucking that life force just now."
*So I am.*
Lycoris: "So, I'm going to cool you down with my own body."
*I don't get that logic.*
Shuma: "No...really, you don't need to."
Lycoris: "...I feel bad, I say."
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "Even though I made those grand declarations to Calen, when it came down to it I relied on you."
Shuma: "That's..."
Lycoris: "I let my guard down. I didn't take it seriously because I was sure that, when push came to shove, you would step up to the plate."
Shuma: "Lycoris..."
Lycoris: "At any rate, it is because of my lack of thought that you ended up in this terrible situation today."
Lycoris: "I'm sorry, Shuma...I didn't think it would be this bad."
*She squeezes her arms around me.*
*At the same time, my face is smushed even further into her violently humongous chest.*
Shuma: "Ca, ha, haa...bee..."
*I'm suffocating. The air is being cut off from my lungs by Lycoris' giant, squishy tits, these magnificent boobs that many a man dream of.*
Shuma: "Bree...th...ca...haa..."
*My exhaustion, coupled with the sweet scent of Lycoris' body filling my nostrils is gradually fading my consciousness.*
Lycoris: "...Shuma."
Shuma: "...Ah."
Lycoris: "Let's go home for tonight...I don't want you to push yourself any harder."
Shuma: "......"
Aoi: "Hey, Lycoris...has he fainted?"
Lycoris: "Huh?"
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "It seems sucking that life force took more out of him than we imagined...how negligent of me not to notice."
Aoi: "...Are people supposed to make this kind of face when they collapse from exhaustion?"
Lycoris: "At any rate, we're going home for today. Starting tomorrow, we should gear up properly with all-new equipment."
Aoi: "Right...we don't want to be any more of a burden."
Lycoris: "Alright, now that it's settled, let's go home!"
Lycoris: "...Up you go― Oof?!"
Lycoris: "Shuma's heavier than I expected. Maybe we could just leave him here?"
Aoi: "...I can already see Calen beating the crap out of us."
Lycoris: "J-just kidding! I-I would never do something so deplorable as to leave him behind!"
*After that, we returned home earlier than usual. Needless to say it was with a huge number of scrapes to my body that I didn't remember getting.*
Lycoris: "Here I...go!"
*With a surge of wind, the death god's scythe clears away all the things blocking our path.*
Aoi: "Alright, alright, alright!"
*Aoi plunges her blades, glowing clearly even in the pitch black, starless night, into the horde of enemies.*
Enosh: "――――"
*One, two, three, the monsters fall before they can even scream.*
Shuma: "Hey, when do I get my turn?"
Aoi: "Lycoris and I aren't so weak that we'd need your help against mere scarecrows like these."
*Aoi slashes through another black shadow as she says this, as if she's having the time of her life.*
Lycoris: "Aoi! Don't get too far ahead, I say!"
*Grotesque shadows are reaching out from every which way for Aoi, who is clearly in high spirits now that she has her partner back.*
Aoi: "You don't need to tell me!"
*In response to Lycoris' cry, Aoi uses her dual blades to slay the enemies around her.*
*If she can do so much damage with them, why didn't she use them from the start?*
Shuma: "Ah..."
*That's when I finally realize.*
Aoi: "Screw youuuuu!"
*Aoi's hands, moving about like a dancer's, are clearly slowing down.*
*And the white light of the twin blades she's clutching is beginning to dull.*
Lycoris: "While it may be a weapon with the highest level of divine protection, it is inevitably dirtied by the blood of the evil foes it slays, that's why..."
*I can barely follow her continuous slash attacks as she pierces the cores of multiple monsters.*
Lycoris: "Aoi! Look out!"
Aoi: "Huh? Ah...!"
*Lycoris' lightning-speed blow pulverizes the tendril that had been aiming for the back of Aoi's skull in her blind spot.*
Aoi: "Th-thanks, Lyco!"
Lycoris: "Say my name all the way to the end. Anyway, I said not to get too far ahead...although in this situation maybe it can't be helped."
*Lycoris looks around with a small sigh.*
Enosh: "Arghhhh, aoooo, uuuughh."
*It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the sight of these foul black creatures, whose mere presence evokes a visceral disgust, packing the entire place, looks like hell itself.*
Lycoris: "This amount is more than just a nuisance...but you stay back, Shuma. We'll handle this!"
*Before I have time to object, Lycoris is sweeping through the shadows.*
Shuma: "No, you idiot...I'm obviously not gonna do that!"
*I reach out determinedly for the enemy closest to me.*
*Its polluted life force flows into my body along with a sensation like rotten fruit churned up in a blender.*
*Fighting back the urge to vomit, I reach my index finger toward the next enemy.*
Lycoris: "Shuma!"
Aoi: "Lycoris! You can't get distracted!"
*Aoi's blade draws a crescent through the air as it vaporizes the shadows swooping down on Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "But Shuma is!"
Shuma: "If you have the time to worry about me, worry about defeating the enemies in front of you...!"
*Every cell in my body is shuddering in horror at the feeling that my hands are rotting from the fingertips.*
*Immediately after, rotten life force flows into and fills my depleted body.*
Aoi: "Ah, aaaAAAaaAAaAaaaaaahhh!"
*Aoi slices through one enemy after another in a wild sword dance.*
*However, her twin swords lose a little light with every kill.*
Aoi: "Raaaaahhhh...tch!"
*The moment that one of Aoi's blades goes completely dark, its slash passes right through the body of the creature with no effect.*
*Her sword, having passed its limit, is rendered completely useless against the substanceless beast. That's the reason my ultimate weapon is "ultimate"...*
Lycoris: "Aoi!"
Aoi: "If you have time to be worrying about me, then move it!"
*Without even sparing a glance at her now useless sword, Aoi crushes the attacking shadows with her other blade that is still shining with light.*
*However, contrary to her determination to continue the battle, the other blade she grasps is also losing its glow with each blow that hits home.*
Aoi: "Guaaahhhhhhhh...don't underestimate us humans!"
*As she throws herself completely into her attack, the counterattacks of the countless, limitless shadows are starting to damage her.*
Shuma: "Lycoris! I'm fine, so focus on defeating the enemy, there's not a moment to lose!"
Lycoris: "――――"
Lycoris: "Arghhh damnit! Fine! Fine, I say!"
*With those words, Lycoris finally makes a spurt.*
Lycoris: "M i n d,  m i n d,  m i n d... Protection of heaven for the starving souls, trial of restraint for the souls sated..."
*A faint light glows along the blade. Energy is compressed with a high-pitched sound that sets the air vibrating.*
Enosh: "Guuuarrrhhhh, geerrhhhh."
*The next instant every creature in the area starts moving toward Lycoris as though spurred on by something.*
Lycoris: "For the tainted souls...eternal mercy."
*Her voice doesn't show a single note of concern, despite being blocked in from every direction.*
Lycoris: "Death Gale!"
*It all happens in a flash.*
*Before I even have time to blink, the blades of the whirlwind borne from her scythe drive back the darkness encroaching around her.*
Lycoris: "...Phew, I'm...beat."
Shuma: "Lycoris?!"
*She falls flat onto her butt like a puppet whose strings have been cut.*
Aoi: "She's fine...she's just a bit tired, she hasn't thrown out a big move like that in a while."
Shuma: "R-really...?"
*Aoi trudges over to me, with the twin swords in her hands, that have totally lost their light.*
Lycoris: "Phew... That was a close one, to be honest. When we get home I'm going straight to la-la land."
*She's slumped down on the ground, completely drained, her eyes gazing vacantly up at the sky.*
*It seems that her previous attack drained a huge amount of her power.*
Aoi: "Looks like the enemy is pretty much defeated, so let's call this a―!"
*Aoi's voice and gaze breaks off. Before the screech even comes, I thrust my right hand in the direction of the sound.*
Enosh: "Garrhhhh, greeee, guuuuhhh, geegeegee."
Shuma: "A surprise attack? That's no way to play nice...not that I'm gonna let you anyway, fool..."
*So long as I can touch it, I can deal with it.*
*It's a naked ball of life force. Whatever, so long as I have my consciousness and my determination, my body will become their worst enemy.*
Shuma: "GaaaAAAaaaaaaahhhhhh!"
*Its cold malice burns my skin. I feel the unpleasant sensation, which I'll never get used to even in a million years, violating my entire body.*
Shuma: "Uuuuohhhhhh...guh, guh...gah...aaaaahhhh."
Aoi: "Shuma?!"
Lycoris: "Shumaaaaa?!"
*I can hear both their voices in the back of my head. Wanting to tell them there's nothing to worry about, only a groan escapes my lips as I focus on sucking the life force.*
Shuma: "Ah, gah...aaaaAAAAaaaahhhh..."
*The darkness before my eyes evaporates. Just as I let my guard down, thinking that the suffering is finally over.*
Shuma: "Ugh, ah, aaaAAAAAaaaaaahhhh?!"
*A sound like a switch being flicked reverberates through my skull and my consciousness plunges into darkness...*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
*When I open my eyes, my head feels like it's about to split open.*
*"――――"*
*Someone is shouting something.*
*"――――"*
*It's annoying. I try to ignore it, but whoever it is disregards my feelings and barrels on.*
*"――――"*
*So noisy. They're shouting something right into my ear, but I don't understand what they're saying.*
*"...! ...!"*
*I want to relax and sleep, but they keep shaking me and won't let me be.*
Shuma: "Shut up...!"
*Someone says that. It takes me a few seconds to realize that someone is me.*
*But they just react even more fervently to my words. Rattling on with words I don't understand, they raise their voice as though scolding me.*
*Argh, what the hell, quit bugging me, who the hell are you...?*
Lycoris: "Shuma!"
*Now there's someone else too. Argh, how annoying, why is this happening, I don't understand, I don't get it.*
*All I want to do is sleep in peace, why won't you let me?*
*Quit bugging me. It's annoying. Stop shouting. It's too loud...I'll kill you!*
Lycoris: "Shuma!"
*Only a millisecond.*
*The kind of timing it would take to catch hold of a thread dangling through a faint opening.*
Lycoris: "Shumaaaaa!"
*As my vision slowly opens up...I see Lycoris looking down at me like she's about to burst into tears.*
Shuma: "...W-where am I?"
*The contours of the world are vague and blurry.*
*Streetlights, concrete, the moon and stars concealed by clouds.*
Aoi: "The park... Just when we thought you'd beaten the final enemy, you suddenly collapsed, so we carried you here. Here, have some tea."
*With that brief explanation, she tosses me a can of tea.*
Lycoris: "Guwah?!"
Aoi: "Oops..."
*The can hits Lycoris square in the temple as she's bending down over me.*
Shuma: "Hey, you, be more aware of your surroundings."
*I can't help but smile at the idiocy of this brainy and brawny girl.*
Shuma: "Guh...?!"
*A dull pain suddenly runs through my head and I let out a groan.*
Aoi: "A-are you alright?!"
Lycoris: "You should show some concern for me first..."
*Lycoris glares at Aoi with tears in her eyes as she picks up the fallen can, now covered in dirt.*
Aoi: "S-sorry...I just kind of did it out of habit."
Lycoris: "...It's fine, I guess."
*Lycoris purses her lips, rubbing her still throbbing temple with her fingers.*
Lycoris: "...How are you feeling, Shuma?"
*Her voice is calm.*
Shuma: "Huh? Uh...my head hurts a bit, but other than that, I'm fine."
*Her words urge me to get a handle on my current situation.*
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "...What is it?"
Shuma: "...Why am I lying in your lap, in a park in the middle of the night?"
Lycoris: "If you don't like it I can stop."
Shuma: "...Don't stop."
Lycoris: "I see."
*I yield myself to the soft plumpness of her thighs.*
Aoi: "Moving on, we seriously didn't expect you to suddenly collapse like that...you should be grateful to us for carrying you all the way here, you know."
Shuma: "Yeah, yeah...ugh?!"
Lycoris: "Shuma?!"
*It feels like my brain is being ripped in two.*
Shuma: "Ugh, geh, gah...gah guuh..."
*It's immediately followed by a sinking feeling and an unbearable nausea.*
Shuma: "Lyco...ris...sorry...gonna...hurl...!"
Lycoris: "Ah!"
*She scrambles to get away, but she's too late.*
Shuma: "Geh, gah, guhuh..."
Lycoris: "Gaaaaaah! Vomit attack?!"
*My projectile vomit covers Lycoris and the ground around us.*
Lycoris: "Nyaaaa?! It's warm?! And it smells?!"
*As she screams bloody murder, I continue to endure the hellish pains until my stomach is completely empty.*
Shuma: "...Guh, gah...haaaa."
*Then, at last, I'm released from the agony and am able to stand on my own two feet.*
Lycoris: "Ugh, I'm filthy...a bespoiled bride."
*Despite being outside, Lycoris is standing there half naked after I covered her in vomit.*
Shuma: "S-sorry...I couldn't hold it back..."
Lycoris: "Do you have some kind of vomit fetish? Do you get off on chuckup as well as girls turning to stone?! Do you have a thing for throwing up all over the girls you like?"
Shuma: "No, of course not, but..."
Lycoris: "No matter how much you insist it's a sign of your love, it's a total turn off! I demand regular sexual relations, I say!"
Shuma: "No, it's not like it's a sign of love..."
Lycoris: "What did you say?!"
Aoi: "Lycoris, for now I'll bring you a change of clothes...hey, why are straddling him while half naked?!"
Lycoris: "Correctional treatment, I say! He has toyed with a fair maiden's heart! Consequently, I will not be satisfied until I have slapped his face until it looks like a potato!"
Aoi: "...Come on, hurry up and get changed so we can go home."
*Aoi tosses both of us a change of clothes.*
Lycoris: "Wha?! Aren't you angry at him for bespoiling me, Aoi?!"
Aoi: "No, Shuma must have been feeling terrible...and it was no doubt his last ditch effort to save you that resulted in him being sick."
Lycoris: "A-aww..."
Aoi: "So what does getting a little dirty matter? It's better than being devoured and despoiled by them, right?"
Lycoris: "Well, that's..."
Aoi: "Anyway, you're not seriously angry at Shuma, are you?"
Lycoris: "Wha?!"
Shuma: "...Really?"
*Personally I think it's pretty normal for someone to flip out after being covered with puke.*
Aoi: "You get it through your head too, Shuma. She's actually really, seriously grateful to you."
Shuma: "...Really?"
Lycoris: "Sh-shut up! I'm innocent! Innocent, I say! Don't make up fantasies about me!"
Aoi: "Yes, yes. At least be honest at times like this. After all, your foolish honesty is your only virtue, even at the best of times."
Lycoris: "W-what do you mean 'foolish honesty'?! And where does a fool get off calling another person a fool?!"
Aoi: "Honestly, you... And here I was trying to create a nice mood..."
Lycoris: "You mind your own business! Anyway, I don't..."
Shuma: "...It's getting late, so can we give it a rest and go home already?"
Aoi: "After I've beaten this imbecile to a pulp!"
Lycoris: "After I've beaten the crap out of this simpleton, I say!"
Shuma: "*Sigh*..."
*Maybe from now on I should start properly ignoring them.*
*As I take one step, and then another, my footsteps grow heavier.*
*They'd sent me on home ahead of them, saying they had something to attend to, but to be honest I'm starting to think it was the wrong decision.*
Shuma: "Haa...ha...guh haa..."
Mari: "Oh, Master. You're early to... Master?!"
*When she sees me, Mari comes running over at top speed.*
Shuma: "Aah...I'm fine...just a bit out of breath..."
*The world has been tilting around me, but seeing Mari helps me regain my composure to some extent.*
Mari: "*Sniff*, *sniff*..."
*However, she sniffs at me with a suspicious look in her eyes.*
Mari: "Excessive sweat, severely elevated temperature, irregular heartbeat...what exactly about that do you call fine?"
*She says with a disgruntled look as she forcefully takes hold of my arm.*
Mari: "It doesn't seem like some kind of sickness or injury...I think that the cause is probably extreme intake of life force."
*She opens the door with her free hand, smoothly takes off my shoes, and drags me into the house.*
Mari: "...As it stands, I cannot leave you like this."
Mari: "For the time being, please submerge yourself in cold water to cool your body down. I think that will help a little."
*Then, when I think she's finally letting me go, she points her index finger in the direction of the bathroom and shoves me toward it.*
Shuma: "...Um, if this is a cold or something, won't a cold bath just make it worse?"
Mari: "It's not a cold. I can determine your physical condition from your scent alone."
Shuma: "But..."
Mari: "Please just hurry up and take a bath. If you cool your body, I'm sure it will help with your headache."
Shuma: "...Fine."
*At her definitive words, I reluctantly turn toward the bathroom.*
Mari: "Don't rush. Please take your time and soak your whole body. In the meantime the rest of us will hold a meeting."
*Mari is strangely on edge. With that said, she strides briskly out of the bathroom.*
Shuma: "...Guh."
*As I watch her go, I'm assaulted by my umpteenth headache today which causes my molars to tightly clench.*
Calen: "This...is..."
*Calen's expression darkens when she sees me with my hand held to my forehead.*
Calen: "Your life force is extremely stagnant... Shuma, you absorbed enough of that stuff to get you into this state...?"
*I tilt my head curiously at the disbelieving tone of her voice.*
Shuma: "...Is it bad?"
Calen: "...Even for a direct descendant of a progenitor, it is so concentrated that it is a wonder you are even in possession of your senses."
Calen: "If I were to be so bold...I would like to ask how it is you allowed things to reach this state."
*Calen is staring intently at me. Hey, come on, I'm a guy, it's my natural right and duty to show a little false courage.*
Aoi: "Umm...so in other words, Shuma sucked too much life force and that made him sick?"
Calen: "...Yes, I believe you can take that as the gist of it."
Aoi: "Hey, hold up. Isn't that weird?"
Aoi: "Vampires are meant to suck life force, right? And he's the direct descendant of a progenitor, so he should have an accordant capacity."
*Aoi's concerns are right on the mark. Even if I haven't completely awoken as a progenitor, I'd only drained four creatures.*
*I clearly hadn't reached my limit.*
Calen: "That would be true if we were just talking about normal life force. But the life force Shuma-san has taken into his body is not of this world."
Calen: "...It is such a dangerous, heinous substance that a human would die instantly upon taking it into their body, and even a normal vampire will experience abnormalities to mind and body just from having it in their blood."
Calen: "Even I may not remain unscathed if I were to suck out Shuma-san's dirtied life force. In the worst case, there is even the possibility that I would lose my mind and go insane."
Shuma: "...For real?"
*It's a little disheartening to hear myself being referred to as 'dirty'. Well, I guess it's a different meaning in this case.*
Calen: "For real doe."
Shuma: "......"
Calen: "...That was a joke to lighten the mood, a so-called princess joke."
Mari: "Sometimes I think you have no sense of humor, Lady Calen."
Calen: "Hehehe, I'll finger snap you later, Mari."
Mari: "Lady Calen, wait! That joke just now! It was a killer! Please not a finger snap! Anything but a snap! I-I still want to live!"
Aoi: "Finger snap...is it really that scary?"
Lycoris: "I think only to that pup!"
Shuma: "I hear there's a lot of jargon that only makes sense to those in the industries concerned...the kind of things you're better off not knowing."
Lycoris: "But still...whether it's Mari or Calen, they're both scaredy-cats. They're an alliance of losers, after all."
Calen: "Ah?"
Mari: "Ah?"
*Both their demonic stares instantly turn to pierce Lycoris.*
Lycoris: "Eep?!"
*She trembles at the intensity of their murderous glares, like a frog being eyed up by venomous snakes.*
Lycoris: "W-w-w-well it's true! You both get way too scared about every tiny little thing!"
*With a snort she points her finger at them, her expression a commendable mix of tearful and triumphant.*
Calen: "Tiny little thing...? Have you even been listening to me...?"
Lycoris: "Of course I have! In the end it is all extremely simple; Shuma has bad life force in him, but you're too scared to do anything about it!"
*Lycoris smugly folds her arms. Argh, geez, I don't even know anymore. But her boobs are really something. Her knockers, already humongous at the best of times, are being pushed up in a truly incredible display. Amazing.*
Calen: "...I understand that you don't have the brains to comprehend language, but it would be in your own best interests to lay off the big talk."
*A blue vein is bulging above her broad smile. Oh man, this is it. She's totally mad.*
Lycoris: "Hmph, you're the one who doesn't understand the situation! Losers who can't even suck their own fiance's life force should just shut up and wag their tail like good dogs!"
Calen: "...!"
*She had been keeping it together until now, but at those words, Calen's expression slightly contorts.*
*It's only natural. Because the fact that Lycoris has said that means her next words are as good as guaranteed.*
Lycoris: "I, Lycoris, will take on the great duty of sucking Shuma's life force!"
*This idiotic, big-boobed, self-styled strategist girl with a head so empty she can barely read a book or the situation, puffs her chest out self-confidently as though she's just slain a giant.*
Calen: "......"
Mari: "......"
Aoi: "......"
Mari: "...Are you being serious?"
*The first one to break the silence that follows is Mari, who has remained quiet until now.*
Lycoris: "Hm? Of course I am?"
*Lycoris tilts her empty head and looks at Mari.*
Mari: "You'll die, you know?"
*Her response is so cold that it's hard to believe it's come from the warm Mari's mouth.*
Lycoris: "No I won't. I won't die."
*Her tone, as she makes this decisive declaration, is calmer than I'd ever expect to hear from her.*
Calen: "...May I ask one thing, Lycoris-san?"
*Calen is the next to speak.*
*She continues on in her usual tone, having completely regained her composure. Where did all that anger go?*
Calen: "After listening to my explanation just now, where is your proof to say so confidently that you won't die?"
Calen: "If I may say so...you cannot save Shuma-san with your own power."
Lycoris: "......"
Calen: "Your body has only a human base; regular life force is one thing, but it is not resilient enough to bear the life force afflicting Shuma-san right now."
Calen: "In the best case you would be crippled, in the worst case it would be instant death. Moreover, it would be absolutely impossible for you to absorb all of the life force."
Lycoris: "I'll be fine, I say! Lycoris can do anything if she puts her mind to it..."
Calen: "Do not be so conceited! This isn't so simple a situation that it can be resolved with sentiment..."
Iris: "What a racket. I can't nap with all this going on."
Shuma: "Iris?!"
*Iris Pumila appears in the room without the sound of her climbing the stairs, or opening the door, or any other prior warning.*
Mari: "Lady Pumila...are you alright to be up and around?"
Iris: "Hmph, of course I'm not. But I can't possibly sleep with this fuss going on."
*With that she starts searching for a conspicuous place to lodge herself...*
Iris: "There we go."
Shuma: "...Hey."
*She climbs onto my lap.*
Iris: "Don't mind me."
*She starts to put weight on me without any care.*
*I instinctively grit my teeth at the scent of freshly-plucked flowers and another, strangely erotic smell emanating from her.*
Iris: "...Why are you pulling that disgusted face?"
Shuma: "I'm not, I was just surprised that you're lighter than I expected."
*She speaks as though she's got eyes in the back of her head and my heart leaps in my chest.*
Iris: "Hmm...mmhmm...I see."
Shuma: "What? ...Yaho?!"
*A bizarre sound escapes my lips at the soft stimulation that suddenly runs through my groin.*
Iris: "So you're still in your growing stage, are you...heheh."
*Iris lets out a mirthful giggle as she touches me through my trousers.*
Shuma: "Hey...you...!"
Aoi: "Ahem! Ahem ahem! Gahuh gurgh gak!"
*Aoi glares at me as she coughs purposefully, going bright red in the face.*
Aoi: "I-I don't think you should be doing things like that at a time like this."
Iris: "Hmph."
Iris: "Heheh, then you're saying later is fine."
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Her touch chances across my you-know-what a second time. Iris' small, slender, loli fingers stimulate my most sensitive parts even through the fabric of my clothes.*
**Knead*, *knead*, *knead*... Her fingers move over it, soft then hard, as though searching for the most responsive part.*
Aoi: "O-of course not! It's not okay now OR later!"
Iris: "Oof."
*Her face beet red, Aoi plucks Iris off my lap. I'm sure it's the gentlemanly thing to do, not to make it known that she hit the spot.*
Aoi: "Honestly...I always have to be on my guard with you."
Iris: "Heheh..."
*Iris smiles wickedly from her position like a doll in her lap as Aoi fumes. It's like a scene from a comedy double act.*
Mari: "...Lady Pumila. Let's return to the topic at hand."
Iris: "Right...now that you mention it..."
*Still wrapped in Aoi's arms, Iris turns her gaze to Calen.*
Iris: "Calen, do you understand why that idiot over there is saying she'll be fine?"
*Her tone is as gentle as though she were soothing a child.*
Calen: "...Because she's not thinking it through at all, obviously."
*Calen puffs her cheeks out like a sulky child.*
Iris: "Heheh, at a standstill, are you? Then you're no different than a doll, even less than the young girl you're always making fun of."
Calen: "Grr..."
*Calen pouts at Iris' words. It's pretty cute.*
Iris: "Shuma. Do you understand why?"
Shuma: "Huh? Me? Um..."
*Suddenly singled out, my mind goes blank for a moment, then I mutter to myself as I think it over.*
Shuma: "...Fighting spirit?"
Iris: "I see. You truly are an idiot."
*Ouch.*
Shuma: "No, I mean, looking at the usual Lycoris, and Lycoris when she was being controlled by you, I don't think she really thinks about things properly."
*If Aoi is an impulsive idiot, Lycoris is a certifiable one.*
*It's hard to imagine someone like that could easily defeat a situation that has brought even Calen to her knees.*
Iris: "Hmph, you can't quite make it there even after getting so far?"
Shuma: "Huh?"
*Iris is smirking.*
Mari: "Oh! So that's it!"
*Mari's eyes widen and she claps her hands together.*
Shuma: "W-what's it...? Have you come up with an idea?"
Mari: "No...but I have understood the reason for Lycoris' confidence."
*Mari's expression is fairly complicated to say that she's just arrived at the answer.*
Mari: "But...isn't it a bit reckless? Even for Lycoris..."
*The gaze she turns on Lycoris is clearly filled with uncertainty.*
Aoi: "Hey, I'm not following this at all here..."
Shuma: "Same over here."
Calen: "It's possible for Lycoris even though it is not for the rest of us...? I don't understand at all..."
Lycoris: "Hmph...how useless you are that you can't comprehend it even after all these hints, I sa...guwah?!"
Shuma: "Hey?!"
*The overly smug Lycoris is thrown to the floor by the lash of Calen's whip.*
Calen: "...Could you explain it to us, Mari? How can this girl be so confident about it?"
Mari: "......"
*With a glance at Lycoris, who is curled up on the floor clutching her stomach like a caterpillar, then thinking for a moment, Mari looks to Iris.*
*After receiving a silent nod of the head that tells her she doesn't mind, Mari heaves a deep sigh and opens her mouth.*
Mari: "It's probably...because she's accustomed to it."
Calen: "Accustomed to it?"
Mari: "Yes. The life force that has polluted Master to this extent is the same as that of the god that possessed Lycoris before."
Mari: "When she was rescued, she started petrifying due to a lack of life force, but she survived without incident thanks to Master."
Mari: "However, that wasn't a fundamental cure, since it was a method that involved replenishing her with a compatible life force."
Calen: "I see, so her body is more compatible with that life force than ours are."
Aoi: "...Um, is this like becoming resistant to poison, if that's all you eat?"
Mari: "It's an idiotic analogy, but your point of view is correct."
Aoi: "Oh! I get it!"
*Aoi is delighted. Seems like she chose not to hear that bit about it being idiotic. They really are peas in a pod.*
Calen: "...But it is just a hypothesis that it is compatible, and even if it is, if she takes this stagnant life force into her body again..."
Iris: "No, there's no need for such pessimism."
Calen: "Lady Pumila...?"
Iris: "I've only seen a little, but somehow her maximum tolerance is quite shockingly high."
Iris: "Hmm...I'd say it's at least on a par with Shuma's."
Calen: "That much?!"
Iris: "You don't believe me?"
Calen: "...No, I do."
*Calen lowers her gaze, looking dejected.*
Aoi: "...But...if Lycoris can only take on as much life force as Shuma, doesn't that mean she'll suffer the same as him if she tries?"
Iris: "Shuma falling sick this time is because his processing speed couldn't keep up with transforming the unfamiliar Derniere life force into his own."
Iris: "If he pools only the amount that his body did not have time to process into Lycoris, then the same problem shouldn't occur again."
Iris: "If his processing speed increases and Shuma's tolerance rises, he won't need to rely on Lycoris anymore. Then once he becomes a progenitor, he won't need to worry about any of it."
Aoi: "......"
*Aoi's expression hardens slightly at the word "progenitor".*
Iris: "However, leave things as they are and Shuma's mind will probably break down before he can get used to it...consequently."
*Iris smiles, baring her fangs.*
Iris: "He should make sure to expel everything pent up inside..."
Aoi: "Ah!"
*Having said what she wanted to say, Iris disappears from within Aoi's arms as though melting into the air.*
Shuma: "...She vanished."
Mari: "...She's devil-may-care like that."
*Mari's shoulders slump with a half amazed, half defeated sigh.*
Mari: "...But this is a pickle. She said to expel what's pent up in him, but if he does that normally it'll put Lycoris in danger."
Shuma: "Really?"
Mari: "Yes. No matter how accustomed she may be to it, the life force accumulated within you is no less than a deadly poison to normal living creatures."
Mari: "Which is why, if she takes it in via normal blood sucking, she will be horribly affected be it."
Shuma: "...Hmm, isn't there any way for her to efficiently extract only the bad life force within me?"
Mari: "There is, but...it requires some consideration..."
*She trails off and looks to Calen.*
Calen: "......"
*Calen is looking displeased, her mouth set in a tight line.*
Shuma: "What is it? Quit acting so mysteriously and tell me."
Mari: "...*Sigh*."
*Mari purses her lips with resignation.*
Mari: "You can exchange life force via your sexual organs rather than by blood."
Mari: "Oh, now that I think about it, this situation is the same as when you cured Lycoris' petrification. Only this time the roles are reversed."
Shuma: "So you're saying that..."
Mari: "That you should go have hot, wild sex."
Aoi: "~~~~...?!"
*Aoi has turned bright red and looks like she's about to collapse at any moment.*
*Calen's complexion hasn't changed, but her vein is bulging.*
*Lycoris is still on the floor in agony.*
Shuma: "...Is there no other way? L-like, you know, expelling the bad life force by myself?"
Mari: "No. The life force inside Master right now is deathly poisonous. Ejecting it would just pollute the atmosphere, and in the end nothing would be solved. In fact, secondary damage would spread."
Mari: "To put it bluntly, right now you are a radioactive storage unit that's over its limit. The only choice is to forcefully expand or transfer it elsewhere."
Shuma: "...In that case, I can keep enduring it like this and learn to control the pain―"
Mari: "Of course you can't. Like Lady Pumila said, unless you become a progenitor right this instant, your body will not handle it."
*She declares categorically.*
Shuma: "...Then, well, there's always the fighting spirit..."
Lycoris: "Hey, Shuma."
Shuma: "Y-yeah? W-what is it?"
*Lycoris' words, from where she's still curled up like a caterpillar with her face on the floor, startle me.*
Lycoris: "...Can I not help you?"
*Her voice, reflected off the floor, is terribly gloomy.*
Lycoris: "I mean, I know I've done a lot of stupid things, and that you are worried."
Lycoris: "And I...I understand that you don't want to have sex with anyone but the one you love... But..."
Lycoris: "I...I want to be useful sometimes, too."
Shuma: "...Lycoris."
*Her next words hit home even harder because of the fact I can't see her face.*
Lycoris: "If it's you, I'm fine with it...if it's for you, I can do my very best."
Lycoris: "...You can use me then throw me away. I don't care if it's just a transaction to ensure that you live."
Lycoris: "Even if that's the case, am I...no good?"
Shuma: "......"
Mari: "...Master."
Shuma: "I know."
*Now that she's said this much, I wouldn't be a man...I wouldn't be human, to deny her.*
Calen: "...Aoi-san."
Aoi: "Huh? Wah?!"
*Calen reaches out and grabs Aoi by the scruff of the neck.*
Calen: "Lycoris-san, you have three hours."
Aoi: "Huh?! Th-three hours for wha― Hyeeeeeeh?!"
*In an instant, the two of them have disappeared out the window.*
Shuma: "...Calen!"
Mari: "...Well then, I too shall take a long-deserved break."
*Mari stretches her arms up high and looks at me mischievously.*
Mari: "Is it alright for me to head out for the next three hours, Master?"
*Her eyes are like a mother who's enjoying her son's love story.*
Shuma: "...If you run into Calen and the others out there, tell them it might take a bit longer."
Mari: "Roger that!"
*I watch her wave back at us as she walks briskly from the room.*
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "...Has everyone gone?"
*Even now Lycoris still has her face hidden against the floor.*
Shuma: "...Were you actually really embarrassed?"
Lycoris: "...Of course. We are attempting this risky feat because of me."
*The way her voice trails off weakly at the end of her words is a painfully obvious contrast to normal.*
Shuma: "...You won't regret this, will you?"
Lycoris: "I believe you won't make me regret it, so I am fine, I say."
Shuma: "...Fine."
*She must be nervous. It's only natural. No one's nerves would hold up after hearing something like what we were just discussing.*
*But even so, she said she'd do it. She said she would offer up her body for my sake.*
*Argh, geez, there's no stopping it now, I wouldn't even be able to.*
Shuma: "...This might take more than three hours. You okay with that?"
Lycoris: "...Do with me as you please."
Shuma: "Then I'll do exactly that..."
*I slowly peel her off the ground where she's still got her face pressed to the floor, flushed all the way up to her neck.*
====================E-RK01_04H_N.TXT====================
*..................*
====================E-RK01_05.TXT====================
Lycoris: "*Scream*?!"
*After wrapping up our lovemaking session, I'm going to get a drink when Lycoris' sudden cry, which could be a scream or a shout of surprise, echoes up from the first floor.*
Shuma: "What happened?!"
*The sound is completely at odds with the mood we've just been experiencing, so I dash down the stairs.*
Iris: "Hehehe, looks like they enjoyed themselves."
Aoi: "Uwaah...uwaaahhh... What the heck? What the heck is this?"
Calen: "Th-th-th-th-th...this is, this isss..."
Mari: "Whoa...I did imagine it, but it's actually quite gross, isn't it."
*The four of them are watching an obscene video in the living room.*
Lycoris: "S-stop! Stop it right now, I say! I saaaaay!"
Iris: "Hey, you won't get it that easily."
*Lycoris is bouncing around, desperately trying to wrestle the remote control from Iris.*
Shuma: "What on earth are you guys do..."
*My voice trails off at the familiar scene playing right before my eyes.*
Lycoris: "Shuma...I love you..."
*On the screen Iris is in control of a scene unfolding that I've just seen, heard, and felt in real life.*
Shuma: "Huh, huh, huh? What is this? What the hell is the meaning of this?"
Iris: "Not very smart, are you? It's a secret recording, obviously."
Shuma: "A secret recording?!"
Iris: "That's right. I set it up before I left, thinking it might provide some good reference material."
*Iris puffs her nonexistent chest out, clearly highly pleased with herself. No, wait, back up a minute.*
Iris: "It was exceedingly comical to watch you two begin intercourse believing that we had all indeed left."
Shuma: "Comical?!"
Iris: "Yes. I very much enjoyed your amateur, virgin-like reactions, and the many follies you exposed believing that no one else was there."
Shuma: "You bastard! Recording people without permission is a crime, you know?!"
Iris: "A crime?!"
Iris: "You are accusing THE Iris Pumila of a crime?!"
Shuma: "It's a crime no matter who does it!"
Iris: "It might be a crime, but what is the punishment?!"
Shuma: "It depends on the laws of the region, but...in some cases one year's imprisonment."
Iris: "One year's imprisonment?!"
Iris: "You're saying that THE Iris Pumila must bear this guilt for an entire year?!"
Shuma: "That's right. It's possible you could get away with a fine, but even that would probably set you back around 500,000 yen."
Iris: "500,000 yen?! That's enough to buy a cheap used car! You're saying I have to pay that much money?!"
Shuma: "Yep. And if it comes to an actual prison sentence, then it's ten times worse."
Iris: "Ten times?!"
Shuma: "Yep. You'll lose your job and your credibility, and reintegration into civil society will be completely impossible."
Iris: "B-but I was simply trying to satisfy my purely intellectual curiosity about how other people conduct their romantic affairs!"
Mari: "...Have you had enough yet, both of you?"
Iris: "Hmph, things were just starting to get exciting, but...well, never mind."
*At Mari's words, Iris snaps her fingers.*
Lycoris: "Ah."
*The erotic images that have been parading across the screen this whole time immediately change to another show.*
Shuma: "...You..."
Iris: "Hehe, don't look so uneasy. The data is one time only, it can't be replayed."
Shuma: "...Are you sure?"
Iris: "My storage isn't so cheap that I'd waste it on recordings of some brats having sex."
Shuma: "...Then why did you go out of your way to record it in the first place?"
Iris: "I've been left behind while others experience happiness. Don't you think that's a good enough motive for unjustified resentment?"
Shuma: "You... If you understand the resentment is unjustified then stop it."
Iris: "Heheheh, these kind of things can't be stopped by logical understanding."
Shuma: "Ah...!"
*The chop she sends in response cuts through the air.*
Shuma: "The bastard ran away."
Mari: "She's probably in the first floor bed right about now."
Shuma: "...She might as well have walked that far."
Mari: "Lady Pumila finds such things bothersome."
*Mari's eyes staring off into the distance are completely resigned.*
Mari: "By the way...how is your head, Master?"
Shuma: "...Are you talking about the headache, or my mental state?"
Mari: "Either. You may take it as you wish."
Shuma: "Hmm, then I'll take it as an insult so I have a reason to torment you."
Mari: "Wahh...the headache! I was asking about your headache!"
*Mari hurriedly denies it. Seems like she really doesn't want a punishment. I suppose no one would.*
Shuma: "Well, my headache is completely gone... How about you, Lycoris?"
Lycoris: "Ohoho...how shameless, how shameful. In the blink of an eye, your infamous shame bestowed serious, in fact violent, damage to me."
Shuma: "...I think she's fine."
Mari: "It is quite savage of you, Master, to be able to say she is fine after seeing such treatment."
Shuma: "I wasn't that good."
Mari: "If you're seriously going to take that as a compliment, might I recommend a proper trip to the hospital?"
*This maid is as flippant as ever.*
Calen: "......"
Lycoris: "...If there's something you want to say, then hurry up and say it."
*Lycoris is curled up on the floor like a caterpillar.*
*Like a bug, her face is buried in a cushion so no one can see it.*
Calen: "...I do not think I have lost to you yet."
*Calen leaves the living room with that parting shot.*
Lycoris: "...Who cares about winning or losing, I say."
*Lycoris rolls over, still clutching the cushion to her.*
Aoi: "......"
Lycoris: "...What is it?"
Aoi: "Nothing. I was just thinking you have it rough, too."
Lycoris: "...This isn't even close to having it rough."
*She rolls back over and hides her face again.*
Shuma: "...Is this what they call Pandemonium?"
Mari: "Ahaha, what are you talking about, Master."
Mari: "...This isn't even close to Pandemonium."
*For some reason the light doesn't reach Mari's eyes as she smiles.*
*................*
Shuma: "...And...third!"
*I scatter the darkness encroaching on the sleeping town.*
Lycoris: "I am back! How are you feeling?"
Shuma: "I just consumed my third. This feels poles apart from before."
*To show it, I flex my biceps for her.*
Lycoris: "...You don't look any different?"
Shuma: "...Don't say that."
*My physical strength has increased remarkably since I became a vampire.*
Take walls: I kick them, I smash them, I leap from one to another.
*My body has become so strong that, if it's a regular wall like in the town, I can easily pulverize it with my limbs alone.*
*However...regretfully, my physical appearance hasn't changed.*
*Even when I try posing in front of the mirror, all I see is my high schooler's body with absolutely no discernible difference to a few months ago.*
Shuma: "Even though I'm working out, after a fashion... Ughh, if I could at least get a six pack!"
*I try poking my stomach through my clothes, but my soft stomach muscles feel the same as ever.*
Lycoris: "It can't be helped. And that can't be the reason I hate you, because you look so fragile."
Shuma: "...!"
Lycoris: "What's the matter?"
Shuma: "...Nothing."
*Her words she sometimes suddenly shows are unfair.*
*She gives me a direct compliment when it should have been the perfect time to make fun of me.*
*She's the type person who can't make a "nice" joke, so her offending power is enormous.*
Lycoris: "Haaahn, Shuma's being weird, I say."
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*Then her arms pull me close to her chest.*
Lycoris: "Hehe, this is me replenishing my Shuma supply in between battles."
*Lycoris leans into me.*
Shuma: "H-hold up...you're, I mean, um, they're touching me."
*The overpowering voluminousness. Her boobs, like extraordinarily soft grapefruits stuffed with hopes and dreams, have my arm sandwiched between them.*
*I can't stop myself from saying something at the almost violently pleasant sensation.*
Lycoris: "...What are?"
Shuma: "Whoa?!"
*But she just raises her eyebrows slightly and, far from pulling away, shoves her pair of deadly weapons further against my arm.*
*Crap, at this rate things are going to get really awkward...even though there are no enemies around right now, it's hardly a good idea to be stuck together like this.*
Lycoris: "Hey, Shuma...do you really think I don't know what I'm doing?"
Shuma: "Oh..."
*Just as I'm tilting my head slightly at her absurd question...*
Shuma: "Mmmpf?!"
*Her arms abruptly release me and snake their way around my neck, and then her mouth assaults mine.*
Lycoris: "Mm...*smooch*...mmuu..."
*My brain short circuits from the heat of her mouth and my whole body stiffens at the euphoria assailing me.*
Lycoris: "Ha, muu...hehe, I'm sucking, I say!"
*A clear thread of saliva connects our mouths as she slowly pulls away.*
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "You can't take it all in, Shuma. If you do, you'll collapse again."
*She says bashfully.*
Shuma: "......"
Shuma: "...Stop taking me by surprise."
Lycoris: "Mmwhoa?!"
*When, after a silence of what must have been a good few seconds, she finally opens her mouth, I swoop in and squeeze her face between both my hands.*
Lycoris: "Mmnnfff, mmmuuu!"
Shuma: "Um, I'm happy that you're thinking of my health, but, well...it startles me, okay?"
Lycoris: "Ueeehhh, lemme go!"
Calen: "......"
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "...Umm."
Calen: "What are you doing...?"
Shuma: "Uh, Lycoris here got a bit carried away so I was just punishing her for it..."
*Her eyes are cold. Cold and disdainful.*
Calen: "*Sigh*... Well, never mind."
Calen: "Today is a full moon and the enemy is more active than usual...please take extra care."
*With that, Calen spins on her heel.*
Shuma: "Ah..."
*She disappears into the shadows before I have time to stop her.*
Lycoris: "...Did I get a bit too carried away?"
Shuma: "What qualifies as 'a bit' is kind of vague."
*We both release a sigh at the same time.*
Lycoris: "I am sure that Calen is frustrated because she can't do anything."
Shuma: "Frustrated? She's taking down plenty of enemies, isn't she? To say she's not contributing anything..."
Lycoris: "No, that is not what I meant. I'm talking about you."
Shuma: "...!"
Lycoris: "Hey, you don't dislike Calen, do you, Shuma?"
Shuma: "Why are you suddenly asking me this? I mean, if I had to choose between liking and disliking her, yeah, I like her."
Lycoris: "Then if both Calen and I were about to die, and you could only save one of us, who would it be?"
Shuma: "...There's no way I can choose something like that. The hypothetical that I couldn't save both of you is nonsense in itself."
Lycoris: "...You really are kind, Shuma. But...I think that is exactly why Calen is so unbearably frustrated."
Shuma: "...What do you mea― gah?!!"
*An impact runs up my spine. I'm being sliced, stabbed, no, that's not it.*
*Somehow managing to stop myself from pitching forward, I forcefully swing my right hand back.*
Lycoris: "Shuma!"
Shuma: "Tsk!"
*My hand hits nothing. The feel of slicing the air and the sensation of my muscles stretching from centrifugal motion tell me that the enemy is still very much alive.*
Enosh: "KEEHEEHEE, KEHEHEH."
*With a disgusting sound like stepping on a beetle, the hideous thing starts to take shape.*
*It somehow seems even bigger than any we've seen recently, and I don't think it's just my imagination.*
Lycoris: "Take this, you bastard!"
*At the same time as she steps back, Lycoris hurls a black lump she's drawn from her pocket at the shadow.*
*Before I even have time to take a breath, it's exploded, scattering the silver dust contained inside all over the thing.*
Lycoris: "Reach into it now, Shuma! This is our chance, I say!"
Shuma: "R-right!"
*I don't know what the dusty powder is, but, trusting Lycoris' judgment, I thrust my hand into the dead center of the monster.*
*While bracing myself for the inevitable counterattack, I twist my hand inside the now completely motionless beast.*
Shuma: "Ah, oh, gryaaaaaaaaah!"
*I howl as I absorb the enemy's energy. The usual disgusting, foul taste makes me want to spit out all the saliva in my mouth.*
Shuma: "Mm, oh, ohhh...oh...?"
*However, at the same time, I realize something. This feels clearly different from the others.*
Lycoris: "Shuma! You're doing good, I say!"
Shuma: "Nnngh?!"
*I turn around at her words, only to be met with another surprise attack as she covers my lips with hers.*
Lycoris: "Mm...*smoooochie smooch*...puwah."
*The soft sensation of her lips and her body as she slowly pulls away is incredibly sensual.*
Lycoris: "Alright, I say!"
Shuma: "...No, not alright!"
*It's all I can do to form that clumsy retort.*
Lycoris: "How was it? Did the Silver Rain work?"
Shuma: "Silver Rain...you mean that stuff you scattered around back there?"
*I recall what I'd just seen.*
Lycoris: "That's right. I swiped it from Aoi's treasure box...it's supposed to further dilute an enemy that doesn't have a corporeal body."
Shuma: "...Huh? Don't tell me you used it without fully understanding how it works?"
Lycoris: "You betcha I did! Aoi said something about saving it for when the time is right, but what's the point of having a megalixir if you never use it? Like pearls before swine, I say."
Shuma: "...Don't come crying to me later."
Lycoris: "So long as it doesn't inconvenience you, that is enough for me. I can handle Aoi being angry at me, no problemo."
Shuma: "You..."
Lycoris: "Me."
*She smiles and flashes me a peace sign. When she smiles at me like that, I find I can't argue back.*
Lycoris: "But it looks like it worked. I'd expect nothing less from Aoi."
Lycoris: "The aftertaste was better than usual, right?"
Shuma: "Huh? Oh..."
*Thinking about it now, that's what the difference I'd clearly felt was.*
Shuma: "Now that you mention it, it was better than usual."
*The usual reaction to sucking life force, the bitter poison rushing through my whole body, the hell I usually have to endure that brings me out in a greasy sweat and makes me grind my teeth...isn't there.*
*No, it's not completely zero. Actually, the amount of life force I've sucked is filling me up, but before sharing this with her, I couldn't have a stabilized mind.*
Lycoris: "...Hehe, then it's worth getting a scolding for."
*Lycoris is grinning as though she should have musical notes playing around her head.*
Lycoris: "Whoa?!"
Shuma: "When Aoi gets mad at you, she can get mad at me too."
*She looks so cute and adorable that I unthinkingly reach out my hand to her soft hair.*
Lycoris: "Aww..."
*We don't have the time to be doing this. But I don't feel like I can tear my eyes or my hand away from this moment of happiness.*
Shuma: "......"
*However...*
Lycoris: "...I don't think we can just leave that there."
*In front of my suddenly tilted gaze...Lycoris catches something that can only be described as alien, and her voice drops.*
Shuma: "...Fog, huh?"
*It's a bizarre scene; the fog is swirling together into one spot like a whirlpool.*
Lycoris: "I'm sure the others have noticed it too..."
Shuma: "Probably."
*The feel of stagnant life force clings to my skin and a hideously unpleasant sensation, like a mineral riddled with impurities dribbling over me, crawls over my body.*
Shuma: "...!"
*Feeling like my breath is trapped in the deepest recesses of my lungs, I desperately try to remain calm.*
Shuma: "...Ha...ah."
*Something's wrong. Before I can fully realize it, my breathing falters and my thoughts go hazy as a heat along with a horrible black feeling well up inside me.*
*The sound of someone asking if I'm okay is growing small and distant. An urge is assaulting me inside, paying no heed to my consciousness, which is telling me that this is bad.*
Lycoris: "Shuma! Are you alright?!"
Shuma: "...Ha, ah...kah, haa...gurk...ah..."
Lycoris: "Mm...!"
*Lycoris sucks the life force out of me like she's giving me mouth to mouth resuscitation.*
Shuma: "Gaha...ha, ah, haa...sorry."
Lycoris: "I am just doing what is expected...*cough*."
*Lycoris gives a small cough.*
Shuma: "H-hey, are you okay?"
Lycoris: "That's my line...why would you suddenly absorb all the life force around us?"
Shuma: "...Huh?"
*A noise escapes my lips at her words.*
Shuma: "Absorb all the life force around us? Who did that?"
Lycoris: "Mm."
*Lycoris jabs my nose with her index finger, looking clearly disgruntled.*
Shuma: "...Are you serious?"
Lycoris: "I am serious...of course you'd immediately fill up by doing that."
Shuma: "...I have no recollection of it."
Lycoris: "...Yes?"
Shuma: "I didn't have any intention of sucking out all the life force from around us."
Lycoris: "What? However you look at it, you did it."
Shuma: "......"
Lycoris: "......"
Shuma: "Hey, Lycoris...could this maybe be a pretty bad situation?"
Lycoris: "There's nothing pretty about it, this is no joke."
*Lycoris' character is wavering. That's how bad this situation is. Although I myself understand how bad it is the most.*
Lycoris: "Shuma...for now let's go back and...wake up Pumila, and get some advice!"
Shuma: "I'd love to, but..."
*I heave a huge sigh, as though wringing every last drop of air out of my body.*
Shuma: "You're right, we can't just leave them."
*I'm looking at the place where the fog has gathered. A black mass is starting to grow, so dark it could swallow the night itself.*
Lycoris: "Uh...ah...that's...it's no good..."
*Lycoris' small voice echoes through the despair of the situation.*
*Yeah. I get it.*
*It isn't something we can just leave. If we do, many people will die.*
*And not just humans.*
*Animals, plants, even inorganic matter will crumble away; everything will be swallowed up and turned to dried out stone.*
Shuma: "...Hey, Lycoris. Do you think our attacks would work on it?"
Lycoris: "I think they would. But I think it will be difficult to completely eliminate it with our own strength right now."
Shuma: "Alright. That's all I needed to know."
Lycoris: "A-are you going to do it? If you mess up, you'll die!"
Shuma: "If we leave things as they are, even more people will be sacrificed. And..."
Shuma: "Aoi and Calen are fighting too. We can't abandon them."
*The tremendous force of their fighting has the air vibrating with pulsations.*
*From time to time echoing roars like thunder convey the intensity of their battle even from this distance.*
Lycoris: "That is...true, but...but I will contact Lady Pumila anyway."
*With that, Lycoris pulls a gleaming white carved wooden bird from her pocket.*
Shuma: "What is that?"
Lycoris: "Something like a communication device."
*She tosses the wooden bird into the air and, as though it's alive, it flies off toward our house where Iris is presumably sleeping.*
Shuma: "......"
*It's speed is certainly not inferior to a real bird... In fact, I think it's faster.*
Shuma: "Wow, that's pretty amazing, but..."
Shuma: "It's creepy for a bird to fly without spreading its wings."
*I can't help but let those thoughts about the bird sliding through the air slip.*
Lycoris: "Th-that's just how it works, so it can't be helped... More importantly, let's get going, I say!"
Shuma: "Right!"
*I take a firm hold of her hand so that we don't get separated on the way, and set off running.*
*Over there.*
*In that place.*
To sum it up in one word, the closest thing to express it would be: hell.
Aoi: "Calen!"
Calen: "I know!"
*The vampire hunter Aoi's twin blades have my, the vampire's, back.*
*Nevertheless, this scene, which could scarcely have been imagined until just recently, is overshadowed by the terrible tragedy unfolding before my eyes.*
*I hear a scream.*
*But it quickly fades away.*
Aoi: "Dammit... Give us a break!"
*She swings with an angry cry and the arc of light rends through the darkness covering everything.*
*The thing it illuminates is something that had been human until just a few seconds before.*
*Everything necessary for life is being sucked up by the roots, losing the glow of life, and being turned to stone by the creature before my eyes.*
Calen: "Aoi-san! Jump, please!"
Aoi: "!!!"
*Just as the shadow, unfolding like a flower blooming from the ground, stretches out to grab Aoi's leg...*
Calen: "You are not wanted here!"
*Her braided strings lash out and mow down the shadows without mercy.*
*A bunch of the shadows disappear, and the shock waves rip through the surrounding area.*
Aoi: "Gaah...!"
*Seeing the head of a statue roll across the ground, she can't hold back a pained gasp.*
Calen: "...Aoi-san, the battle is not yet over. And..."
*There is still hope. There is still a way to bring this back. It's not like we're dead.*
Aoi: "I know...I know that..."
*Despite the reassurances, she grits her back teeth hard, unable to truly accept it.*
*And while we're taking down one enemy, another will claim one more victim.*
Calen: "...This is a never ending vicious circle."
*And yet, with all our preparation, and our attacks hitting home, there is no reason for us to lose so easily.*
*The next full moon will probably be the defining match.*
*There had been no doubt about Lady Pumila's proclamation. Believing in her words, we had prepared fully and not let our guard down for a moment.*
*However...*
Aoi: "Why... Why...?!"
*Her shout, a cross between a scream and a wail, reverberates through the air.*
*Overwhelmed by despair, she mows down another opponent, and another.*
Girl: "No! Nooooooo...?!"
*Another girl, who just happened, by a stroke of bad luck, for the most trivial of reasons, to be there, loses her voice and her life.*
Aoi: "Ugh... Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!"
*Right before her eyes. So close she could have reached her. It must have struck something deep inside her.*
Calen: "Aoi-san!"
*Calen's voice doesn't reach her. She leaps the wall like a tempest and fells a multitude of shadows with the force of a raging storm.*
Aoi: "You bastards! You bastards! I'll kill you, I'll kill you, I'll kill youuu...!"
*Giving herself over to violent emotion, her attacks, coming one after another, are so lightning fast that even a vampire like myself would have a hard time defending against them.*
*The shadows are ripped apart like paper...before I even have time to think that she's getting sloppy, it's already too late.*
Aoi: "Gya...?!"
*It would be taking liberties to call it a trap, but as she accelerates, her leg catches on a shadow spreading its tendrils across the ground.*
*About the size of a small dog, with its fiendish talons open like a grapple plant, it uses her speed and state against her to inflict exponential pain on its prey.*
Aoi: "Ah, gah, guuuwaaahhh...?!"
Calen: "Aoi-san, bear with it for just one moment!"
*In about two seconds, my wire slices through the creature wrapping itself around her, and then in another second, I've got rid of the shadow binding her foot.*
Aoi: "...Damn...it... Damnit..."
*Three seconds in total. In just that small amount of time, her leg has had the strength sucked out of it and turned a lifeless gray color.*
Calen: "...Aoi-san, please calm down."
Aoi: "But...!"
Calen: "I understand your frustration, but you went over the top just now. Please put yourself into a backup position."
*I send the faintest amount of life force, so that it won't drain me too much, into her leg.*
*It's enough to bring the flush of life back into her skin.*
*It has only taken around one second. Even just thinking about how much life force I expended right now seems like it would be troublesome.*
Calen: "Please do not forget that if we lose you now, even more people will be sacrificed."
Aoi: "...Sorry."
*Her weak answer irritates me somewhat.*
*Of course I was not expecting an overly strong response. I wanted her to realize that she's lucky she's getting off with just a warning after committing such a grave error.*
Calen: "I do not need apologies, if you can demonstrate in your actions..."
*Concentrate, clear every nerve to the tip, finer and sharper.*
Calen: "Empress Strings!"
*I release an amount of life force incomparable to normal. Shred, break, smash.*
*An exhaustion so intense I can't even maintain my expressionlessness. There's not enough oxygen or carbon.*
*Through wires filled with life force, my strength is steadily sapped. Fully consumed.*
Calen: "...Gaaahh."
*I concentrate all my power into it. I strengthen the life force coiling through it, slicing through the monsters with the unbreakable steel thread, and continue building the iron cage into an impenetrable wall.*
*But...they're endless. Even after sustaining an unilateral onslaught from the vampires strengthened by the full moon, these creatures that should not even exist are still inexhaustible.*
Aoi: "Calen! Take left and front!"
*The howling wind that follows sweeps aside the shadows advancing as though oozing from the wire.*
Calen: "...It is quite heedless of you to sever your ally's entire weapon."
Aoi: "Th-there was no other way! I don't have any long-range weapon I can fight with properly!"
Calen: "...Heh, I do not mind. Instead, please take care of your half."
Aoi: "Will do!"
*She plants her feet firmly on the ground and this time reliably covers all her directions.*
*One by one, we take out the never ending waves of enemies.*
*It's fine, we can still fight on like this, we can make it through.*
*I'm not overestimating us. I really feel it is a truth based on clear reason.*
*It's a definite response I am able to arrive at from having a firm judgment of mine and my enemy's fighting ability.*
Sakurako: "Huh? What am I doing here...?"
*That's why I can't respond.*
*It's too out of place for this familiar face to appear here as though sleepwalking through a dream.*
Calen: "Sakurako-san?!"
*This girl should not be here.*
*The reality of it makes no sense in terms of time, place, or timing.*
Sakurako: "Huh? Ah...w-why are these...these statues...eek?!"
*A mouse invited, the feed that will serve just to expand their stomachs, realizes that this place she has stepped into is hell on earth.*
Sakurako: "N-no?! What is this?! Why is my leg...?!"
*Before she even has time to think of fleeing, the predators reach out their tendrils for this new intruder.*
*With a sound like parched earth cracking, her color and movement is being stolen with a speed like insects swarming over her body.*
Sakurako: "Noooo?! Help me! Someone! Someone help meeee!"
*She lets out a piercing scream, filled with the fear that comes as her own body morphs into something else.*
Calen: "......"
*My emotions are screaming at me to save her.*
Sakurako: "Nooo, I can't move?! My legs! My legs, noooo!"
*Her frantic cries vibrate against my eardrums. But even so, I don't move.*
*To protect the warrior behind me, and my own future, I can't move from this spot.*
*It's only a little bit scary, so bear with it, and I'll fix you afterwards.*
Sakurako: "Shuma, Shumaaaa, no, help, no, nooo...help me...!"
*Shouting silent words inside that will not reach her and resenting my own powerlessness, I abandon my friend.*
Sakurako: "Help...me...Cal...en..."
Calen: "――――"
*I have failed. By the time I think that, it's already too late.*
Aoi: "Calen?!"
*I hear Aoi's surprised voice. Of course she's surprised. Because I'm making a mistake.*
Sakurako: "Ah..."
*Forsaking what I myself had said and abandoning my post, I easily defeat the shadows coiling around the powerless girl.*
Calen: "...Haa...nn...gah."
*She's petrified all the way up to her neck. I send my life force into her as quickly as possible.*
Aoi: "Gah, geez! You owe me one!"
*Without even nodding to the voice coming from behind me, I prioritize saving my friend here before me.*
*It's pointless and idiotic.*
*I'm doing something hypocritical and useless that could destroy my entire future.*
*I acknowledge that, I regret that...but even so, I couldn't abandon her.*
Sakurako: "Ugh, ah...ah, ah...I can...I can move my body...!"
*Because of the concentration of life force, her body is freed from the petrification even faster than before.*
Sakurako: "Ah, hyaaa?! Ah, aaah?! What is this... My body, it's on fire... No!"
*But her brain is clearly overheating in reaction to the sudden influx of life force.*
Calen: "Ahh...I can't do this anymore!"
Sakurako: "Hyaaahn?!"
*I put my teeth to her soft neck...and turn her into my familiar right then and there.*
Aoi: "Calen?! What are you doing?!"
Calen: "Go! Get away from this fog!"
*I use my mesmerization to make her flee from this place. It's the best I can do right now.*
Sakurako: "――――"
*She's running away. She's getting away. Her figure is growing smaller.*
Calen: "Ha...ah...ha."
*My knees are about to give way, my joints feel loose, my muscles as cramping, my nerves are numbed.*
Calen: "Ah, gah..!"
*A shadow shaped like the mandibles of a giant beetle bites into my flank.*
Aoi: "Calen!"
Calen: "You things are...so annoying..."
*I gather my remaining life force and reach out my hand to twist and crush the creature.*
Calen: "Ah...ha...?"
*My finger turns to stone where it touches it.*
Calen: "What...is this...?"
*My ashen gray fingertip doesn't move at all, like it's been fixed in the air.*
Calen: "Mguuuuuh!"
*The grotesque shadow twining around my legs is sucking the life from within me.*
Calen: "Ah, gah, guuuuuhh...ah, ah...!"
*Pain like being stabbed with a thousand tiny needles rushes along my nerves, followed immediately by a dull numbness. Both my legs have now completely lost their color.*
Calen: "Ah...!"
*This is divine punishment, I think.*
*A punishment for trying to abandon a human I thought of as a friend.*
Aoi: "――――"
*I can hear Aoi's voice from where she's handling things behind me.*
*She, who at the very least committed the gravest of errors, reaches out trying to save me, as I clasp my hands together to fell this monster who pretended to be God.*
*But my fingers, which are already starting to erode, can't take her hand. Even if they could, I have no right to her rescue, not I, who had put us at risk through my own selfishness and reasoning that was nothing but lip service.*
Calen: "Run, please..."
*What I am capable of in this weakened state doesn't amount to much. That's why this is all I can do.*
*My chest, my shoulders, my neck, can no longer move. Pain and the numbness, sensation disappearing, fear freezing me to the core... My world is going dark.*
*My senses are disappearing, I can't feel anything, I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared.*
*My body is no longer mine. It's turning into a lump of something I don't even know what it is.*
*I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared.*
*I want to chew off my own tongue at my foolishness for being about to make my friend taste this same fear.*
Calen: "Ru...n..."
*My tongue stops moving as though it's been frozen. The slowly rising numbness is erasing my life.*
Aoi: "Caleeeeen!"
*I hear a scream. The world is fading around me. My body understands before my brain that this is the end.*
Calen: "...Kah..."
*My body turns to stone with a dry, cracking sound. An inescapable despair churns in my heart.*
*I know it's futile...but even so, I wish, just one more time...*
Calen: "...Ah..."
*I want to see the man I love, Shuma-san.*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
Aoi: "Ugh!"
*I can hear Aoi's voice. It sounds like she's shouting something.*
*But I don't understand what it is. I can't see anything. I can't hear anything.*
*My petrified body can't even perceive what is happening to it.*
*I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared.*
*Am I going to be smashed to smithereens?*
*Will I have to live on like this in darkness for eternity?*
*Unable to do anything, unable to see anything.*
*I'm scared.*
*I want to be saved.*
*I want to cry and scream and yell.*
*And one more time, just one more time...*
*I want to be held in those warm arms.*
*Someone is shouting.*
*In the darkness, someone is loudly shouting.*
*Who is shouting? What are they shouting?*
*But my body, stolen of its senses, cannot feel a single shred of warmth.*
Lycoris: "...I say!"
*There's another voice. A familiar voice. From searching my memories, a fairly new voice.*
*I don't know what it's doing or what it's saying.*
*A late onset of resignation dyes my train of thoughts in the color of despair...or it should.*
Lycoris: "Don't give up on us at this point, I say!"
*I can hear a voice.*
*No, not just a voice.*
*Heat starts to seep through my frozen body like warm water flowing into me.*
Lycoris: "If you're my rival, you're not losing to something we don't even understand, I say!"
*An impertinent voice. My throat opens up like it's being split open and lets out a sound like all the oxygen is being wrung out of me.*
Lycoris: "Cut the crap and open your eyes, I say! Calendula Officinalissss!"
*There's the sound of something snapping.*
Calen: "...You don't have to shout so loud, I can hear you, you idiotic girl."
*As the world slowly opens back up around me, I pitifully insult the worthy rival who has saved me.*
Shuma: "Gah, hah, aaaah!"
*When I see Calen petrified, I completely lose myself.*
*I see red and I'm filled with the desire to crush every foe around me to pieces with my bare hands.*
*I'll suck out all their life force, I'll destroy it all... If Lycoris wasn't here, I surely would do it.*
Lycoris: "You can't, Shuma!"
Shuma: "Guwah?! What are you...?!"
*A sharp pain shoots up my neck and I'm forcefully brought back to my senses.*
Shuma: "Ugh, ah... Guuuuh...!"
*Before I even have time to realize that I'm having my blood sucked, Lycoris' fangs have taken all the excess from within me.*
Lycoris: "Ha...hooh, hahoooh! You're overreacting! Calen is not dead yet!"
*Lycoris shouts, her breathing ragged, sweat dripping from her forehead, blood trickling from her mouth.*
Lycoris: "Calm down, I say! If you don't, this really will be the end!"
Shuma: "...!"
*Her expression is a level of serious I never could have imagined from this usually idiotic girl.*
*But..the fact that I can't find a single trace of pessimism on that face is probably because she is not yet despairing.*
Shuma: "Can you do something?!"
Lycoris: "The enemy took most of her life force, and even took trace amounts, but if we treat her, she should still go back to normal right away!"
*Lycoris continues her calm response while fighting off the oncoming monsters.*
Lycoris: "But we have to hurry! Being turned to stone is scarier than you think! Even Calen's mind won't be able to take it if we do not heal her quickly!"
Shuma: "I understand! Cover me!"
Lycoris: "Roger that!"
Shuma: "Aoi! I'm going to send life force into Calen, I'll be counting on you to protect us!"
*After informing Aoi, who is surrounded by enemies on all sides and fighting hard, I run to Calen.*
Aoi: "Huh? Argh, gimme a break! You're all working me way too hard!"
*Even as she complains about it, Aoi quickly fells the opponents before her and leaps toward Calen.*
Shuma: "...Calen."
*There's no way I can remain calm when faced with her like this, silent and stony, her strength sapped and sullied.*
Aoi: "I can't hold them off for long!"
Shuma: "...I know!"
*But now is not the time to get emotional.*
*Lycoris had said that her mind would break if we didn't heal her at once.*
*Probably, no, certainly, Lycoris must understand Calen far better than I.*
*Her words make me feel extraordinarily impatient.*
Shuma: "...Dammit...get through...please get through...!"
*I pour my own life force into her completely petrified body.*
*The sound of blades clashing is growing relentlessly closer and faster.*
*I know that I have to quickly heal her. I know it.*
*But it's not getting through. She's not responding to the energy I'm sending to her.*
Aoi: "Are you not done yet, Shuma?! At this rate... Guwah?!"
Shuma: "I know that!"
*Even though I know in my head that I can't panic, it's not going well.*
*My actions are producing no result, and my impatience only grows at the unknown time limit bearing down on us.*
Lycoris: "Switch with me, Shuma!"
Shuma: "Lycoris?! ...Okay!"
*I hesitate for just a moment, then quickly change places with her.*
*I pour my vexation at not being able to save her myself into my weapon and utilize my weaponized body to mow down the monsters surrounding us.*
Shuma: "Please, Lycoris, save her!"
Lycoris: "Of course I will!"
*At her strong response, I let my limbs hang loosely and glare at the enemy before me.*
Shuma: "Don't you dare get in our way... I'm not going to let a single one of you get away, you pieces of trash!"
*I won't afford them a second, even a millisecond.*
*I pray that Lycoris can heal Calen and that she can come back to us unharmed.*
*Simply to protect that which is important to me.*
Shuma: "AaaaAaAAaAaaaAAaaaaaaaaahhhhh!"
*I consume everything that enters my vision, all the darkness spread before my eyes.*
Shuma: "Guh, guhah, guwah, gah, argh, guh, aaaaaaaahhhhh!"
*My thoughts are thrown into disarray by the sound of bones creaking, the sensation of flesh splitting and a heat that boils my brain.*
*Pain, suffering, heat, bitterness, no, no, no, no... It's all bullshit!*
Shuma: "You really think I'm gonna let you pieces of shit stand in my waaaaaaaaay?!?!?!"
*They need only be touched by the very tip of my hand, my finger, my nail.*
*So long as I touch them, my body becomes their most feared weapon.*
Shuma: "Ah, raaah, gakh, aaaaaAAAaaAAAaaahhh!"
*Falling, falling, the darkness before me is opening up.*
*Rising, rising, the darkness inside me is closing up.*
Aoi: "Shuma, you... Lycoris, hurry!"
Lycoris: "I don't need you to tell me that, I saaaaay!"
*My head is heavy, my limbs are light, my whole body hurts, my nerves are dulled.*
*Sixty billion cells are screaming at me to stop, to run away.*
*They're telling me I'm losing myself. My body is being taken over by someone else.*
*Warning lights are flashing inside me and a gradually cooling magma robs my cells of their freedom.*
Lycoris: "Wake up! Calen! There's no time for you to be sleeping!"
*I hear Lycoris' desperate voice. Ah, the sound of it gets me moving.*
**
Shuma: "FALL! DISAPPEAR! BREAK! SMASH! CRUSH! DIIIIIEEEE!"
*Absorb, absorb, absorb, to the point of gluttony, to the point of tyranny, acting on pure instinct I devour the monsters.*
Shuma: "Ah, gah, ughh, ah, gah, aaaaAAAAAaaaaahhhh!"
Lycoris: "Shuma...! Argh, what are you doing, Calen, you idiot!"
Aoi: "Venting your anger on Calen when she can't move isn't going to help! Cut it out, and hurry up or Shuma will...!"
*What? Did I do something? Did I do something strange?*
Shuma: "Oh, ah, haa, gaaaah, ah, aaah...gahaaaa...!"
*No. I'm not doing anything strange at all.*
*I'm doing what I must. I'm destroying those that must be destroyed.*
*There's no problem, all I need to do is keep attacking like this until I've devoured them all!*
Aoi: "Lycoris! Hurry! You have to hurryyy!"
Lycoris: "I know! I know that much!"
*This precious person to me raises a tearful voice. I know whose fault it is. It's because of these bastards in front of me.*
*And so it's simple. What I need to do. It was obvious from the start.*
Shuma: "It's an extermination!"
*Stronger, faster, more and more!*
*If I don't reach my maximum potential speed and power, I won't be able to defeat all my enemies.*
*My enemies are numerous, no, dozens, hundreds, a truly ridiculous mass of them.*
*And so I cannot possibly defeat them all, cannot possibly kill them all, without consuming them all.*
Aoi: "Shuma! Calm down! Calen! Wake up! Lycoris, Lycoriiiiiis!"
Lycoris: "I told you, I'm doing it, I say! You are being so noisy I can't concentrate... It's done, I saaaaaay!"
Lycoris: "It's connected! The circuit is finally connected! Calen, you idiot!"
*A girl is screaming.*
*Something bad must be happening. There's no doubt. In that case, in that case, in that case... GOTTA KILL THEM.*
Aoi: "Lycoriiiiis!"
*But when I bring my right arm down, intent on killing, a different woman with long hair blocks it with the blade of her short sword.*
Shuma: "Ah? Why? WHY ARE YOU STOPPING ME? I HAVE TO KILL THE ENEMY?"
Aoi: "Hey, you...Lycoriiiiiiis!"
Lycoris: "I already told you, I know, you bird brain!"
*A girl is shouting. Shouting like an idiot at a mute stone statue.*
Lycoris: "Is this what you want, Calen? To give up and lose here?"
Lycoris: "If you're my rival, you're not losing to something we don't even understand, I say!"
Lycoris: "Cut the crap and open your eyes, I say! Calendula Officinalissss!"
*It's laughable. I can't understand what she's doing at all. I don't understand the meaning of her actions at all.*
Aoi: "Hey, you... Get a hold of yourself, this is the breaking point of the breaking point here."
*The woman with the sword is glaring at me with a vexed expression.*
Shuma: "I DON'T UNDERSTAND!"
Aoi: "...This idiot's gone and completely lost his senses."
*She's insulting me. I think she is. That tone. Those words.*
*It's not like it makes me angry. But I can't just let it slide either.*
Shuma: "DIE, NUISANCE!"
Aoi: "...!"
*And so I repel her short sword with one blow then bring my open hand down on her fragile head with all my might.*
Shuma: "Ah?"
*However, my hand, which should have shattered the skull of the girl before me, is stopped in midair right before it hits her as though caught by multiple threads.*
Calen: "...Good morning, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "...WHO ARE YOU? I KNOW YOU NOT, SPEAK YOUR NAME, NO, NEVER MIND, I'LL KILL YOU ANYWAY."
*I use all my strength to shake my arm free, and the threads snap. They were stronger and more elastic than I'd expected, but thread is just thread.*
Aoi: "Y-you saved me... Th-thanks, Calen."
Calen: "I am the one who should be thanking you. And it is still too early to celebrate."
Aoi: "Huh? Hyaaaah, watch ooouuu―?!"
*The speed of my arm, that tried to blast away everything above her neck, is vastly slowed as a huge number of threads stretch around it.*
Shuma: "TCH! NUISANCE!"
Calen: "The blood has completely gone to his head... His power is quite without bounds."
Aoi: "Quite?! This isn't what you call quite?! He was seriously trying to kill me just now?! If he'd hit my head, it would've gone flying off my neck like a golf ball!"
Calen: "I have trained for this, so I will be fine."
Aoi: "Don't be reckless, hyaah?!"
Shuma: "YOU TRASH!"
*Strings start to intertwine, close like a razer's edge, then change direction right in front of me.*
Aoi: "Hoo, haa, we're gonna die, we're definitely gonna die, if he lands one on us we're dead...!"
Calen: "Only a true muscle brain can say that while avoiding every blow."
Aoi: "Shut up! ...Wait, why am I the only one attacking?! Usually you'd get Lycoris to―"
Calen: "...Lycoris has lost the majority of her life force. I could not allow anyone to fight in the state she is in right now."
Aoi: "...I see, so this is a truly desperate situation."
Shuma: "...I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU TWO ARE PRATTLING ON ABOUT!"
*I grab hold of a torn chunk of concrete and fling it at them with all my might.*
Calen: "Guwah!"
*The stone slab, thrown at high speed, is mangled into dust before impact by a mesh of threads sent forth by the silver-haired girl.*
Shuma: "WEAPON IS THREAD. STRENGTH INCREASED VIA ACCUMULATION...BUT THE MORE YOU MAKE THE MORE ENERGY YOU CONSUME."
Shuma: "HA! A CONVENIENT WEAPON, BUT AREN'T YOU FORGETTING ONE THING?"
Calen: "......"
Aoi: "...It can't be!"
Shuma: "OH BUT IT CAN. AND IT'S TOO LATE NOW!"
*I lightly sweep my fingertips across one of the black shadows. Just that is enough.*
Shuma: "KEH, HEEHEEHEE, HEE, KEEHEEHEE! SWELLING! OVERFLOWING!"
*It starts to pervade my body, like a fire is being lit in every single cell, like the source of my very being is splitting open.*
Calen: "...Aoi, take care of Lycoris. And this."
Aoi: "What's 'this'?"
Calen: "Strategic documents. Please hammer them into your mind immediately, he's coming!"
Aoi: "I can't, I really can't... Hyeeeeeeee?!"
*One, two, three, four, five.*
*I rip out chunks of the earth and the walls, like picking up stones from around my feet or grabbing hold of a ball, and fling them.*
Calen: "That is enough!"
*Disintegrating the hurled projectiles in midair, the silver girl strengthens her magic.*
Shuma: "...Hmph."
*Glancing to the side, I see the girl called Aoi or something rushing busily about the place carrying another small girl on her back.*
*They're probably intending to launch a combined attack. What nuisances.*
Shuma: "DON'T THINK YOU CAN FIGHT DIRTY, YOU FUCKING TRASH!"
Calen: "Guh... Wha?!"
*I rip out a concrete block of wall, iron posts and all, and fling it.*
*If little stones are no good then I'll just have to use a mass too big to possibly be avoided.*
Calen: "Now!"
Aoi: "Understood!"
*A voice resounds from directly behind me. I realize that its source is the gnat from before.*
*And that's why my next action is decided.*
Shuma: "IMPERTINENT WHELP!"
Aoi: "Wha...guwaah?!"
*In exchange for her throwing the pulverized concrete in my eyes, I send a roundhouse kick without even looking my opponent in the face.*
Aoi: "Gah, guh, gaaaaahhh!"
*A soft, pleasant sensation runs up my leg and the girl named Aoi goes flying several meters through the air as though she's been hit by a truck.*
Shuma: "*Cackle*, HOW EXHILARATING! KICKING LIVE FLESH IS TRULY THE BEST FEELIN―G?"
Calen: "...Checkmate."
Shuma: "WHAT ARE YOU...GAH...?!"
*By the time I realize it, it's already too late.*
Lycoris: "You do not ignore a woman you've slept with, I say!"
*Sharp fangs pierce my thigh.*
Shuma: "Ah, gah...ugh...ah, MY POWER...FAILS..."
*The source of my strength is being stolen from within me, like a high tide being returned to the sea.*
Lycoris: "Gau, gaaauuuuuuu...oooooooooh!"
*There is no pain. In fact, the stimulating sensation is so sensual, it feels almost as good as cumming.*
Shuma: "Ahh...guwah..."
**Slump*.*
Lycoris: "*Slurp*... Ah...no more, I say."
*Both of us collapse to the ground at the same time.*
Calen: "Well done, both of you."
Shuma: "Ca...len...?"
Calen: "Yes, it is I, Calen, your fiancee."
*She says in a soft voice that is hardly suited to the scene, and smiles at me.*
Shuma: "Thank goodness... You're back..."
Calen: "Thanks to you and Lycoris-san."
Lycoris: "Gweh..."
*Calen grabs Lycoris, her supposed savior, by the scruff of the neck. This is weird.*
Aoi: "Gwaaahhh?!"
*Aoi comes tumbling in as though coming to claim her seat.*
Shuma: "What on earth are you doing?"
Aoi: "While you guys have been chatting over here, I've been battling the shadows all on my own!"
Shuma: "Ah..."
*That's when I finally grasp the situation I'm in.*
Enosh: "Graaaahhh."
Shuma: "Hey, doesn't it seem like...they're gathering here?"
*The four of us stand back to back, facing out at the shadows that are blocking even the light from the nearby street lamps in all four directions.*
Lycoris: "Ha, ha...haa...honestly...feel...dizzy...I say...*cough*."
Calen: "Please curl up into a ball until you are recovered. I will make up for your absence."
Lycoris: "Ooh...I'll repay you...haa..."
Shuma: "...Calen, Aoi, how much longer can you hold out?"
Calen: "With you with me, forever... Or so I'd like to say, but unfortunately probably only for a few more minutes."
Shuma: "I see. Aoi?"
Aoi: "I'm still hurting from your kick so I can't concentrate!"
Shuma: "...I don't really know what you're talking about."
Aoi: "But it just happened?! You must remember?! No matter how many impenetrable defensive walls I put up, I couldn't block the impact itself, and it really freaking hurt!"
Shuma: "Th-there there... Um, I'll make it up to you later, okay?"
Aoi: "...And how will you do that? Just to let you know, I won't accept any superficial compensation. You kicked an innocent girl right in the stomach, after all!"
*A normal innocent girl wouldn't be hunting vampires and running up walls in the first place, but now probably isn't the time to say that.*
Shuma: "I'll do anything you say for one whole day."
Aoi: "One whole month would be appropriate."
Shuma: "No, come on, that's not fair, that's clearly not on a par."
Aoi: "Unfortunately for you, the appropriate level of compensation is something to be decided by me, the victim!"
Shuma: "......"
*Why doesn't she put this ability to split hairs to better use on other things?*
Aoi: "...I'm clearly not being serious."
Shuma: "Oh?"
Aoi: "One thing. When this is over, I want you to do just one thing for me, and that will be enough."
Shuma: "That's unusually restrained of you. But you know I won't be able to fulfill it if it's something impossible."
Aoi: "It's okay... I want you to take me out on a date, just for one day. Then I'll forgive you for everything."
Shuma: "...Huh?"
Aoi: "S-so...um, anyway, I'm saying concentrate on the battle in front of us right now!"
Aoi: "And get the hint you idiots, would you?!"
*She shouts absurdly as she hacks a swath through our assailants.*
Calen: "She is, without a doubt, a meathead."
*Calen nods earnestly as she watches her.*
Shuma: "...It must be quite refreshing to go all the way."
*Perhaps this uncharacteristic way of thinking she shows from time to time is an error like some kind of impulse disorder.*
Calen: "...Shuma-san."
Shuma: "What is it?"
Calen: "Are you ready?"
*Her tone has dropped slightly and I swallow hard.*
*While I don't know the cause, I know that she is preparing for something.*
Shuma: "...What's about to start?"
Calen: "The feast."
*Her words are a broken whisper.*
*Then sound pervades the world and I understand.*
Enosh: "KAA."
Enosh: "I HA...VE FI...NA...LL...Y GOT A BO...DY."
Enosh: "HAHA, HAHAHA, AT LAST, AT LAST I CAN FEED."
*Overlapping, circling, feasting, being feasted upon, yet still surviving, the will of the shadows is incarnating into this world.*
Shuma: "This is..."
*A clearly different sensation to anything previous. My trembling lips form the words in the face of this alien mass.*
Calen: "It is their heteromorphic form. It's a ruin of heaped up matter, like poison from insects. Luckily, once it has substantiated, regular attacks will work against it, but as a result―!"
*Before she's even finished speaking, Calen's whip of fresh blood is striking a red line across the creature.*
*It strikes at a speed faster than sound, and it hits the creature's body with a thunderous explosion.*
Enosh: "HA, HAHA, KAHAHA!"
*Whether against human or shadow, the blow should have caused instant death, and yet it is absorbed by the creature's body without it even trying to prevent it.*
Calen: "Guwah!"
*Seeing the corners of the creature's twisted mouth contorting upward, Calen cuts off the whip like a lizard dropping its tail.*
*Immediately after, with a sticky sound like sucking up mucus, the separated portion of the whip quickly loses its light and turns to sand.*
Shuma: "Wha...?! That was...!"
Calen: "It looks like this is going to take more than one rope..."
*I know this. This spectacle, this power. I know it.*
*Sucking life force, and a ravenous hunger that consumes even the bearer.*
Enosh: "AAH, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, SO DELICIOUS, AAH, AAH."
Shuma: "...How disgusting."
Calen: "If you made just one mistake you would have ended up like that too, Shuma-san."
Shuma: "I know."
*That's exactly why my gratitude knows no limits.*
*And in order to return that debt of gratitude...*
Shuma: "I am the only one who can oppose it!"
*I will defeat this thing before me.*
Enosh: "AAH, SO YOU OFFER YOURSELF UP TO BE EATEN?"
*I bring my foot down decisively and close the distance between myself and my enemy at explosive speed.*
*This torrent of power, incomparable to before, is probably because I have consumed more life force than usual.*
*I smile wryly to myself as I recall the taste of the disgusting life force. That pain is nothing if I can knock this thing down.*
Enosh: "KAHA!"
*A sound surely supposed to be a laugh, is a sympathy similar to the sneer a predator would give if its prey offered itself up to be devoured.*
Shuma: "Aren't you off your guard?!"
*I dodge the arm just in front of me that looks like it's saying it can't wait and can't stop from eating, then once more...*
Shuma: "...Bah!"
*I don't need any tricks, just a shoulder tackle by simply using my entire body's muscles to their maximum.*
Enosh: "GWEH?!"
*All things that touch my body, their life force will be absorbed, and they will die. A gap born because I understand that reality. A blow because I have experienced it for myself.*
Enosh: "DAMMIT! HOW CAN YOU FACE ME?!"
*It's a reasonable grievance. If I were in its position, I'd be asking the same thing.*
*I mean, Calen, Aoi, and Lycoris all, each and every one of them, had their life force absorbed and were turned to stone as soon as they touched it.*
*The reason is because this thing is not an inhabitant of this world, but it's taking and holding this world's life force. This is why that body can torment us in such a one-sided way.*
*Or that was his plan.*
*If I wasn't here as an anomaly... Even if not all of it, but keeping that life force inside my body. Still, I didn't get destroyed.*
Shuma: "Think about it a bit, why don't you?"
Enosh: "GUH?!"
*The creature loses its balance and I grasp the part that passes for a face and slam it forcefully into the ground.*
*Concrete goes flying and the ground collapses, forming a crater.*
*Yeah, I know more than anyone, that this won't do any real damage.*
Shuma: "This is it. Let's both of us put an end to this."
Enosh: "AAAH―"
*I swing my leg up and stamp down on its head forcefully enough to shake the earth.*
*Thor's Hammer! Without a shred of mercy or compassion, I send down a blow of destruction containing a power many times greater because of vampire strength.*
Shuma: "...See ya."
*Instantly it starts to suck the life force out from where my leg's slammed down on it.*
Shuma: "Guh...uuuuurggghhh!"
*A strange heat is spreading from where I'm touching it.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Aoi: "Shumaaaa!"
Shuma: "...*Groan*...!"
*At their two pitiful screams, I raise my hand in a thumbs up, smiling wryly as a cold sweat breaks out over my body.*
Shuma: "Aaah, guuuuwaaaahhhh!"
*A pain and intense cold, like midwinter snow slicing through my skin, is violating my flesh, my bones, my marrow.*
*I want to remove my leg right this instant, scream with the pain, thrust it onto somebody, anybody else.*
*But I can't.*
Calen: "Don't push yourself too far, Shuma-san!"
*Calen shouts. It's obvious to me from her expression that bears no trace of its usual relaxedness, that she herself is also approaching her limit.*
Aoi: "Shuma! Move your leg! Even you can't absorb that amount!"
*Aoi shouts. Her body is so covered with raw cuts and scrapes that I can tell at a glance just how far she has pushed herself tonight.*
*Then...*
Lycoris: "Shu...ma...don't...overdo it...I say."
*Even she, who still can't even stand on her own two feet yet, is worrying about me.*
*The girl who saved me when I was about to rampage, who saved our precious Calen, who gave us the chance to return to our normal lives.*
Shuma: "...Gah, guh, gyaaaah!"
*Would it be forgivable to render their efforts in vain?*
*Yeah, it would be, they would forgive me.*
Shuma: "LET'S STOP FUCKING AROUND!"
*But I would not forgive myself. I can't forgive myself for even entertaining the thought.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?!"
Shuma: "Die! Die, die, die! DIIIIIEEEEEE!"
*I focus even more power into my leg and, with a roar, suck in the deadly poison that will destroy me.*
*Ignoring the feeling of the poison circulating my body, stronger, faster, I pour all my focus into taking the filth before me into my body.*
Aoi: "Shuma! Stop! If you do this―"
Shuma: "SHUT UP and let me show you I'm a man!"
*I call upon every last reserve of my strength and all of my will and swallow down the nightmare, this manifestation of all evil, before my eyes.*
*My DNA is being rewritten, it's all being turned to black, to truly kill the human known as Shuma Kusanagi this time.*
Lycoris: "Shu...ma...!"
*In the midst of my gradually fading consciousness remains the tearful voice of the one most precious to me.*
*Just a little more, just a little more and this will all be over...*
Shuma: "YOU THINK I'LL LET YOU BE THE END OF MEEE?!"
*For her last look, her last cry, to be one of sadness... I cannot permit that.*
*She can't be sad. She has to smile.*
*I cannot make this girl, who always has a smile on her face no matter how much pain or hardship she faces, cry!*
Shuma: "RRAAAAAAHHHHH!"
*Like a whale rising up from the deep ocean to draw in a breath, my entire soul gulps down life force.*
Shuma: "――――"
*I'm sure I will never forget the satisfying noise that echoes through my head in that moment.*
Shuma: "HIYAAAAAAAHHHHH...!"
*The moment it's all over, my foot which had been resting atop the creature, slams down onto the concrete.*
Calen: "Shuma-san!"
Aoi: "Shumaaaaa!"
*They speak as one. I respond with a clumsily forced smile, thinking about how they'd been at one another like cats and dogs until now.*
Shuma: "I defeated it...that son of a bitch...bfahf?!"
*What I get back in return is a merciless openhanded slap.*
Shuma: "Huh?! Huh?! Isn't this where you gently embrace me...wah?!"
Calen: "You went dashing off on your own."
*Before I even have time to be surprised, Calen is hugging me.*
Shuma: "Sorry, but I had the best compatibility with it."
Calen: "I know...I know that, but..."
*Her arms tighten around me, but the strength of her hug is far weaker than usual.*
Aoi: "Haa...I know I have a tendency to go too far too, but please don't go dying a dog's death by yourself."
Shuma: "Haha, that's true..."
*I slowly pull myself away from Calen.*
Calen: "Let's go home, shall we? Iris can deal with curing those who have been turned to stone."
*She sounds just a little vexed as she says it.*
Shuma: "You're right. I'm beat."
*Glad that this hell is over, I answer without argument.*
Aoi: "Come on, Lycoris, get on my back and I'll carry you."
Lycoris: "Eternally grateful...Aoi."
Lycoris: "One should always have a meathead."
Aoi: "Careful or I'll chop you up."
*We set out slowly, chattering amongst ourselves as we go.*
*It's all over.*
*This hell is over.*
*Tomorrow another world might begin again.*
*But nevertheless, I can welcome that tomorrow together with everyone.*
*That's what I thought, it was only natural to think that...*
Shuma: "...Ah."
*A voice rends the air.*
*I don't know where it's coming from. I stop dead at the horribly parched sound.*
Enosh: "KEHE, KAKAKA."
*Along with the familiar sound of the air creaking, my brain finally comprehends what is happening.*
*An air hole has formed.*
*A completely simple tunnel of air.*
*There was no problem. No problem at all.*
*A girl's scream echoes through the air as though splitting it apart.*
*There was no problem. No problem at all.*
*The hole's location is bad―the hole that's formed in the center of my body is bad.*
Aoi: "Nooooooooooooo?!"
*The full moon casts an eerie light down upon the earth.*
*What I feel first is a wild sense of loss.*
*Even before my brain can process the fact that I'm losing a part of myself.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, keep a hold of yourself!"
Shuma: "...!"
*I instantly grit my teeth at her resounding words.*
*I'm sure that this is the most intense spinal reflex ever experienced in my not-so-short life.*
Shuma: "Ah, gah?!"
*For a second my vision clouds as every cell in my body howls from the intensity of the pain.*
*The shock of the incredible pain, like the magma boiling within my core has erupted, would surely have killed me instantly had I not clenched my teeth.*
Lycoris: "Aoi! The enemy, quickly!"
Aoi: "Uh, ah... Damn youuuuuuu!"
*In the midst of my swirling vision and thoughts, I hear their fading angry cries.*
*A terrifying sound reaches my ears, but disappears in the face of the pain.*
Calen: "Keep a hold of yourself, and you will be fine... You have your vampire resilience."
*Her clearly panicked voice and the ticklish sensation coming from where her fingertips touch me make me understand the fact that she is depleting her own life force to try and keep me alive.*
*But it's not enough. Despite her evident blood loss, despite her self-sacrifice, the life force inside of me is gushing out, out, out.*
Calen: "At this rate―"
*Her words are suddenly cut off and her injection of life force, which had been keeping my life hanging by a thread, stops.*
Shuma: "...Calen?!"
*I open my heavy lids and look in her direction. But Calendula Officinalis is not there.*
Enosh: "HEH, HEEHEE, HAHEE...DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS!"
*What is there, is a pitch black monster.*
Calen: "U-ugh...gah...!"
*And Calen is on her hands and knees, groaning on the floor a short distance away.*
Calen: "Ah...Shuma...san...run..."
*The hand she stretches out toward me trembles weakly.*
Enosh: "HEEHEE, I'LL DEVOUR IT ALL, ALL OF IT, EVERYONE, EAT YOU ALL UP."
Calen: "Gah... Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh?!"
*I hear a piercing scream, and the sound of something splitting open.*
*It should have been over.*
*It was supposed to be our happy ending, with everyone saved.*
*But those hopes were dashed at the very last minute.*
*Before my eyes, Shuma is pierced by the surviving shadow and is mortally wounded.*
*We had somehow defeated it, but now the shadows that have reappeared and are closing in on us, are driving us back to hell.*
Calen: "Guh?!"
Aoi: "Caleeeeen!"
*Calen, who had been focused on Shuma's recovery, is sent flying like a rubber ball by one blow from the new enemy.*
Calen: "Ah...aah...gah!"
*She lets out a cry that makes my heart constrict in my chest.*
Enosh: "HEEHEEHEE!"
*The black mass of flesh tramples her down.*
Aoi: "Calen!"
*At the sight, I instinctively try to kick off from the floor with all my might.*
Lycoris: "Run!"
*I hear my best friend's voice, and then I witness the moment that the world changes.*
*You could call this the absolutely worst kind of situation.*
*Although it's not a situation that anyone could readily fight alone, Shuma, the only one with the possibility of fighting it on equal terms, has been pushed to the brink of death by a surprise attack.*
*It's a situation where a strategic retreat, to run, is the only plan that comes to mind. A harsh reality where the supply of enemy reinforcements is inexhaustible.*
*At the rate things are going, in less than ten minutes everyone here will have everything stolen by the enemy, turned to stone and ash, with even our souls extinguished.*
*A situation where 99% of people would be despairing as such, as I witness the creature that will bring it about...I am fearing the visiting of a completely different hell.*
Lycoris: "...What is this?"
*Every cell in my body is trembling, everything in me denying it.*
*I understand it because I have experienced being human, vampire, even an inorganic substance. The reality that an existence which shouldn't be is bearing down upon us.*
*As I stare at the figure of this monster that has the power to wipe out humanity itself if left unchecked, the source of my fear swells, unstopping.*
*No, it's not something so straightforward. It's not a monster with a will of its own.*
*It is an abomination of heaven. A silence with no will that will bring about Armageddon, the destruction of the world. The fear it carves into my soul, as a living being, causes my mouth to move of its own accord.*
Lycoris: "Run!"
*The collapse of the world has begun.*
*The world before me is gray.*
*But its contours are clearly defined, as if the previous vivid but blurred world were no more than an illusion.*
Shuma: "Haa...*cough*!"
*My power is overflowing. The open hole has been stoppered, and an energy so colossal is roaring through me that it's hard to believe I was all but dead.*
*Then, I flex that power.*
*With one swing, I obliterate a score of shadows before they can even scream.*
*With my second swing I exterminate hundreds of shadows before they can even show themselves.*
*Before my third swing, every shadow has been annihilated.*
Shuma: "Gah!"
*But I don't stop.*
*The torrent of power surging up in me fills my entire body contrary to my will.*
*Like a collapsing dam, like a hole opening up in a water balloon, the power surging against my will erupts out of me.*
Calen: "Ah...uwaaaaaahhhh!"
*Calen, who is closest to me, lets out a cry of anguish as the eruption of energy hits her.*
Shuma: "Cale― Ughh?!"
*The power, which threatens to rend my body in two, continues spurting ceaselessly out of me.*
Aoi: "Shuma! Calen! ...Guwah?!"
*Unable to just stand by and watch, Aoi takes Calen into her arms, but the moment she does so her knees buckle.*
Aoi: "What...is this...? This isn't...normal...life force...is it...?"
*Aoi's body convulses as she crumples weakly to the floor, like an animal that's ingested some kind of nerve poison.*
Shuma: "What is...this...what's...happening...?"
Lycoris: "A path has opened to the other world."
*Lycoris says, her expression awestruck.*
Shuma: "Lyco...ris...are you...alright...?"
*In the midst of this world where energy is being expelled from my whole body like exhaust fumes, she is the only one standing there unaffected.*
*No, that's not true. After everything that happened, she must be exhausted.*
Lycoris: "I am fine. I'm made of sterner stuff than those losers, I say!"
*She comes over to me with her huge, heavy breasts freer than usual and sweat standing out along her brow.*
*Feeling the way, one step at a time.*
Lycoris: "I'm not going to be the one always being beaten up."
*Anyone would be worried seeing her shaking, faltering steps.*
Shuma: "Don't...overdo it...Lycoris...!"
*I desperately force the words out as my blood, my flesh, my mind, my heart all feel like they're splitting apart.*
*Probably, no, certainly, this thing issuing forth from me is poison.*
*Whether to living creatures, to vampires, to those things, it is not something that can be so categorized.*
*Even she, who possesses special antibodies, is no exception to the deadly poison that should not exist in this world.*
Lycoris: "I will not overdo it. I don't want other people telling me that what I choose to do myself is overdoing it or reckless."
*Without any trace of hesitation or doubt, she puts her glittering fangs to my neck.*
Lycoris: "Mm, gyaaa...gah, guh...mmmmuuuuuu!"
*A life force incomparable to Calen's enters my body.*
*But as her life force flows into me, it dissolves like droplets of dew into the red tide and disappears.*
*It's a futile action, akin to trying to create an oasis in the desert with nothing but a bottle of water.*
Lycoris: "Huwah...ha, aah, gaaah!"
*She doesn't stop.*
*Even though this is the last remnant of her life force, even though she's so exhausted she can barely focus.*
Lycoris: "Haa... gaha, aah...mm!"
*She continues pouring in energy and sucking it out.*
Shuma: "Lycoris...that's...enough..."
*Her life is fading. Her glossy hair is losing its sheen.*
*Her eyes that had glittered like jewels are losing their light. The energy she needs to live is leaving her.*
Lycoris: "No."
Lycoris: "No, I say."
*She whispers weakly, her gaze fixed dead on my face.*
Lycoris: "I don't want to be left on my own, Shuma."
*Something soft touches my lips.*
Shuma: "...!"
*An unexpected kiss. It's not our first, but even so, my heart leaps at the feeling of the world regaining its color for a moment.*
Lycoris: "Mm..."
*Without a sound, without a word, we connect at the closest and furthest parts a person can.*
Shuma: "Guh...!"
*From her mouth, from her saliva, her feelings, her life force comes rushing into me.*
*Even now she's still losing energy. As she pours her precious life into me, the spark inside her is fading.*
Shuma: "...Ah..."
*I should resist. If I care for her, if I want her to live, then I should thrust her away with all my might.*
*But I can't.*
*This warmth I can feel flowing into me...*
*It's reviving me. It's killing the resignation within me.*
Lycoris: "Mm...*kiss*..."
*Our hearts beat as one. I don't want to die. I don't want to let her die.*
*Caught in a delirium, together, we can do this.*
*Even here, in the middle of this hellish world.*
*I was...we were only seeing the world that was in front of our eyes.*
Lycoris: "...Mm."
*It's connecting.*
*A fragment of my disappearing power sticks, mixes, is turning into something else.*
*The path which should have been one-way is overcoming the confines of the flesh and transforming.*
*My life force is flowing into her and hers into me, mixing and blending.*
*The world flickers agonizingly, again and again.*
*But still, our life force, refined over and over as it passes between us, is amplified by our joining.*
*Our diminutive power circles, rotates, spins, around and around, magnified to an absolute.*
Enosh: "――――"
*The release of our combined life force, of that amplified power, annihilates the shadows like a wave washing them away.*
*Right now I am not thinking of its true form, nor frightened by its power.*
*I am simply in love with this person before me.*
*I am simply enamored with this world before me.*
Lycoris: "Mm...*smooch*."
*The feeling that we are the only ones in the world.*
*The feeling that there is a world only for us.*
Lycoris: "Shuma."
Lycoris: "I love you."
*Just a little more...at least until this path opened within me closes.*
Shuma: "I love you too, Lycoris."
*In this world I share with her, I feel the deepest bliss.*
*................*
*.........*
*......*
*The world is slowly closing.*
*It feels like my body has transformed into something completely different.*
*The emission of the stagnant world's power flowing from me has already started to slow.*
Lycoris: "Mm."
*Lycoris slowly raises her long lashes.*
*The happiest moment in the world is over, and instead a calm afterglow is bestowed upon us.*
*Before I know it, the fog that had covered the streets is evaporating.*
*It's probably, no, likely, no, definitely because of the life force gushing forth from us.*
Lycoris: "Hehe, so it ended with a kiss."
*Lycoris says bashfully, her cheeks adorably flushed.*
Lycoris: "If I'd known that's what it would take, I would have been more honest and smooched you from the start."
Shuma: "Makes me wonder what all our efforts until now were for."
Lycoris: "Me."
*She grins, impishly flashing her fangs.*
Calen: "...Is it over?"
Aoi: "...Seems like it."
*I notice the two of them, worn out and tattered, looking around the place on unsteady legs.*
Calen: "All traces of it have disappeared from the town. Where on earth did such power come from?"
Lycoris: "The power of love knows no bounds!"
Calen: "......"
Lycoris: "Wah?!"
*Lycoris is assaulted by an unreasonably low kick.*
Lycoris: "Owww...to lash out in violence after losing the battle to be Shuma's official wife is simply the worst, you beastly vampire."
Calen: "......"
Lycoris: "W-wait, I say! Bring down that foot that you have raised as though thinking about an axe kick! First, first let us celebrate the return of this momentary peace with everyone, Shumaaa!"
Shuma: "Huh?! You're bringing me into this?!"
Lycoris: "Is there anyone else here who has the fighting power to properly face this perverted vampire?! Hurry up and put a stop to this idiooooot?!"
Fists, elbows, shoulders: a torrent of blows. Then from above her crumpled form, Lycoris takes a back kick to the temple.
Lycoris: "I-I-I-I-I I saaaaaaaaay?!"
*The intensity of the impact sends her body somersaulting through the air like she's been hit by a train.*
Shuma: "Lycoriiiiiiiis?!"
Aoi: "H-hey, I know you're angry, I get that, but that's going too far!"
Calen: "Hardly. There is no way that girl will be hurt from a blow like that."
Aoi & Shuma: "Huh?!"
*Our exclamations overlap. For a human it would be instant death and even for Aoi, with her resilience, if the blow was misplaced it would still deliver a fatal wound.*
*How can she possibly remain unharmed after sustaining those multiple blows?*
Lycoris: "Owwies...aaaargh! I've got dirt in my mouth! This is the worst! Bleh, bleh, bleh!"
Aoi & Shuma: "Huuuuh?!?!"
*However, just as Calen had said, when Lycoris stands up from the cloud of dust there isn't a single scratch on her.*
Calen: "I knew it."
*She sighs in defeat and makes a disappointed face.*
Lycoris: "Knew what?! What do you think you're doing, lashing out and sending a person flying like that...that...that?!"
Lycoris: "...Oh? Oh? Ohhh?"
Lycoris: "I don't ache or hurt anywhere! Even though I took such a beating! It's a miracle! A miracle has occurred!"
*She clenches and releases her hands, her eyes sparkling.*
Shuma: "Hey, Calen?"
Calen: "First, allow me to say that I have not gone soft."
*She heaves what must be her biggest sigh yet, and then...*
Iris: "How frustrating, that someone you deem below you would suddenly outshine you."
*An arm, from the elbow down, tightly grips her shoulder.*
Aoi: "Eek?! A hand?!"
Shuma: "W-what the heck?!"
*At this sudden occurrence, Aoi and I leap back from Calen like startled rabbits.*
Calen: "You have some unseemly hobbies."
Iris: "Don't say that. Without this I'd feel too bad to come in."
*Iris Pumila appears without a sound, like a shutter being raised.*
Calen: "Your arrival is long overdue."
Iris: "Just until now I was able to move properly again, and yet it's still all I can manage just to talk normally."
Calen: "From the sounds of it, have you not just been watching us being awkwardly beaten until it ended one way or another?"
*Calen's tone is far thornier than usual.*
Iris: "Hehe, don't bark at me. However...that may have been the case."
*With that, Iris turns her deep, brilliant eyes to me and Lycoris.*
Iris: "......"
Shuma: "W-what is it...?"
*She glances over me from bottom to top.*
Iris: "No good, huh?"
*She lets out a little sigh as though giving up on something.*
Shuma: "Huh? What the heck is―"
*I start to blurt out, when I notice that something feels off.*
Shuma: "Ah...?"
*I lose my balance and tumble to the ground.*
*I felt like I stumbled over something, but the pain doesn't really hurt, then I try to stand back up.*
Lycoris: "Eek?! No, no, I say?!"
Lycoris: "Nooooooooo!"
*I hear a heartbreaking scream from the girl I love...*
Calen: "Lady Pumila!"
*I scream at the hell before my eyes.*
Lycoris: "Nooooooooo!"
*Lycoris' wail resounds in my ears. I understand the reason for it all too well.*
*It's because her limbs have stopped moving; her body is once again starting to turn to stone.*
Aoi: "Iris!"
*Before I can reach out my hand, Aoi's curled fist is coming down toward the ancient vampire's cheek.*
*There's a high-pitched sound. Iris accepts the direct blow, which she could easily have avoided or blocked if she'd wanted to, without doing a thing, like a wooden puppet.*
Iris: "I'm just saying, but this isn't my fault."
*She must have cut the inside of her mouth from the force of the blow. Bright red blood drips from the corner of her mouth as she lowers her brow in an expression that says it can't be helped.*
Aoi: "Liar! Fix her right now! You're here now! It's because you weren't here that Lycoris is...!"
*She must have hit her with all her strength, holding nothing back. The skin has been torn from Aoi's knuckles and crimson blood is welling up.*
Calen: "Aoi-san! Please calm down!"
*It's not like I don't understand her anger. But I can't just leave her to it when we still don't understand anything about what's going on.*
Aoi: "Calen! Let go! Let go of me! Lycoris! Lycoris is...?!"
Calen: "Please calm down! Aren't there more important things right now than hitting Lady Pumila?!"
Aoi: "!!!"
*I put my arms around Aoi to hold her back then shout at her, and my words finally bring her back to her senses.*
Aoi: "...I'm sorry. I..."
*I can hear her teeth grinding together and feel her body shaking, so I can sense her frustration without seeing her face.*
Aoi: "Iris..."
Iris: "What, are you done with your little outburst? Is it okay for me to have my turn now?"
*The corners of Iris Pumila's lips twist upward in amusement, no, she's clearly irritated yet still as cool as ice.*
Aoi: "I won't forgive you for being late...but..."
*Aoi Kamishiro musters her courage and shouts.*
Aoi: "Right now, just for right now, fix Lycoris... After that, when it's done, you can hit me as many times as you like."
Iris: "......"
*There's a horrible silence that sets my entire body on edge.*
Lycoris: "Nooooo! No, I saaaaayyyy! I don't want to turn to stoooooone!"
*An idiotic voice breaks it.*
Iris: "*Sigh*..."
*With a tired sigh, the two-thousand-year-old vampire turns her gaze to Shuma-san.*
Iris: "Can you move, Shuma?"
*For a moment I'm shocked, unable to comprehend what she's saying.*
Calen: "Shuma-san?!"
*Then, despair sets in. The gray abyss I'd had a taste of myself just before, is currently making its way through his body.*
Shuma: "I think I'm...still good. At least I'm better off than Lycoris."
*Dragging his right leg, which has turned to stone below the knee, my fiance forces a clumsy smile.*
Lycoris: "Noooooo faaaaaaaiiiiir, I say! Why can Shuma still moooooove?!"
Shuma: "It's not like I know either."
*Shuma helps Lycoris, whose legs are both completely petrified from the knees down so she can no longer stand on her own, up with both hands then looks back to Lady Pumila.*
Shuma: "Well, Iris...I know this is a really pathetic request, but..."
*He says in as cheerful a tone as he can manage, although he's clearly just putting on a brave face.*
Shuma: "If we could have just a little of your life force..."
Iris: "No."
Shuma: "...What?"
Iris: "I said no. My life force is not so cheap a commodity that I would invest it in something so useless― Oof."
Iris: "So it's you this time, Calendula?"
*Before I know it, my body has moved of its own accord.*
*Putting everything I have left in me into the blow, I unconsciously, no, that's not true, I know what I'm doing.*
*I turn my sharp claws on the callous creature who indirectly said she would forsake him.*
Calen: "Why...are you being so cold?"
*She's even icier than I thought, down at absolute zero with no trace of compassion or warmth.*
Calen: "Surely saving them both would be simple for you, a progenitor? Would it not? So why will you not save them?"
Iris: "I told you, because it's pointless."
*Unlike Aoi's blow, my fingers don't reach Iris Pumila, because she grabs hold of my wrist before they get there. My bones creak; just a little more pressure and they'll break. Like I care.*
Calen: "He is my beloved husband and I want him to survive, from the bottom of my heart. So please do not be so cruel... If you don't save him..."
Iris: "Hmm? What will you do?"
*My flesh is being crushed and my bones are cracking.*
Calen: "I will kill you."
*With her hand still clamped around my wrist, I kick off from the ground, aiming backward. I feel my skin tearing and ripping off, but I don't care.*
*Pointless. This girl before us said it was pointless. Their existence is a nuisance to her. That's why she can trample so easily over my hopes of saving them.*
*And she will surely get in the way. If we try and save them, she will stop us.*
*So there is nothing for me to do but remove her, kill her.*
Calen: "Gah, guwaaah!"
*Ignoring my hand now only connected to my body by broken bones and shredded nerves, I visualize my blood whip then materialize it.*
Iris: "Hmph. You intend to use up all your remaining life force, you fool?"
Calen: "It'll be all the same if I don't defeat you now, won't it...?"
*My vision is stained red. My capillaries must be bursting.*
Iris: "Don't misunderstand...it's not like I want to kill them."
Calen: "You can only say that because you yourself don't know the terror of turning to stone."
Iris: "Heheh, that's true, and I don't particularly want to know it."
*Her laughter grates on me. Her casual attitude pisses me off. The entire existence of Iris Pumila, doing nothing despite knowing the outcome, offends me.*
Calen: "Die."
*A murky emotion, dark as the depths of the ocean, rouses me to action.*
*Spinning thousands of scarlet threads from my body, I raise up a world of steel.*
*The spherical cage of threads produced by layers of netting robs Iris Pumila of her freedom.*
Iris: "If I move just a little I'll be sliced to pieces...hmph, this death-defying loser did it."
*Iris Pumila glances at me with an admiring smile.*
Iris: "However...this is nothing more than a street performance."
Calen: "Wha?!"
**Snap*!*
*It happens the instant Iris snaps her fingers.*
Iris: "My not rescuing them isn't based on sentimental reasoning like wanting or not wanting to save them."
*As though a spell has been broken, all the power I've manifested into the air dissolves into particles of light and fades away.*
Calen: "...!"
Iris: "To save them when they've transformed into something not of this world...it's fundamentally impossible, at least for us right now."
Aoi: "No...! Can't you do something?!"
*Aoi's shrill cry vibrates against my eardrums.*
*Her scream speaks for the voice inside of me...no, that's not right. I never thought that.*
Iris: "...You know what can be done, don't you, Calen?"
Calen: "...!"
*Her words are like a blow. I bite down on my lip and the taste of iron fills my mouth.*
*I know. I knew. I always knew. I understood the moment I sent her flying in a burst of anger, the moment I touched her.*
*The truth is that her body has turned into something different from ours.*
Aoi: "I-I don't understand! Her life force is decreasing, right?! And the bad life force is building up?! So isn't it just a case of you sending more life force into her?!"
Iris: "And if it was so vast a thing that adding together the life forces of everyone here still wouldn't be enough?"
*I clench my back teeth. I feel like I hear something breaking, but it's probably just my imagination. If it wasn't, I wouldn't be able to keep facing forward like this.*
Aoi: "You mean..."
Iris: "It's impossible at this current point in time. It'd probably be difficult for me even if I were in peak condition. At any rate, inside the two of them is a power great enough that it once destroyed the entire world."
Iris: "The three progenitors have assembled and things are finally equalized. It is an inevitable truth that the two of them will turn to stone as the life force within them changes and becomes incompatible with their bodies."
*Then Iris grins, a look you wouldn't be able to imagine on her from the usual composed demeanor she shows.*
Iris: "That's not to say that there is no way to cure them."
Calen: "Ugh!"
*Her short, but clearly spoken words bring a spark of light back into my gray world.*
Aoi: "Tell us! Tell us how to save Lycoris! I'll do anything it takes!"
*Aoi presses her before I can even open my mouth.*
Iris: "It's simple. Most of the life force within the two of them has already changed, but that doesn't mean that all the life force they contain has gone."
*In other words, most of their bodies are almost completely filled with bad cells right now.*
Iris: "If they increase the proportion of life force from this world contained within them, the petrification process will naturally stop."
*She's saying that if we can only remove all the bad cells, they won't die.*
Aoi: "I see! Then let's do it, quickly!"
Calen: "How?"
Aoi: "Eh?"
Calen: "How do we do it? She just said that we do not have enough power between us to cure their petrification..."
*At least, it would be impossible with my power alone. Taking into consideration that what she just said is true, it means that it is impossible to stop the process with our own power.*
Calen: "If you're trying to give us hope, come up with a better lie..."
*Her words have completely broken my heart.*
*I knew it, I knew that I couldn't do anything.*
*That's why I have completely lost all hope.*
Lycoris: "Shumaaaa! Don't give up, I saaaaayyyyy!"
*But she is different.*
Lycoris: "A kiss! If we k-k-kiss, perhaps, if we still have the power from before, we might be cured!"
*She hasn't given up. This girl, who by all rights should be far weaker than I, shouts desperately in her vapid voice.*
Lycoris: "I'm sure we'll work this out! Shuma, kiss me and increase our life force like before! Fill our bodies with this world's life force, I say!"
*It's impossible, there's no way they can do that. It's mere idealism. Before was just a one off. There's no way the same thing will work again.*
Iris: "Heheh...watch and learn, Calen. This is a bullseye that only and idiot could hit."
*Iris Pumila laughs off the words swirling within my head. She's saying that she's come up with the answer that I couldn't.*
Calen: "It's...obviously futile."
Shuma: "Iris!"
*As though in response to my whispered words, my beloved shouts the name of the one with the solution.*
Iris: "Be happy. There is nothing more than that."
Shuma: "I don't underst―?!"
*Before he can finish replying, Shuma's lips are sealed off by Lycoris'.*
*It's starting again.*
*I grit my teeth against the anger and sense of deja vu.*
Aoi: "...Their bodies are...!"
*Just like before. A dazzling emission of life force envelops their bodies.*
Aoi: "Ah...aah!"
*But Aoi's hopeful tone immediately drops.*
Lycoris: "Mm...aaah...the petrification, it's not stopping?!"
*The dark malice slowly eroding the life from their flesh wraps around their light.*
Lycoris: "Heeey! Pumila! Why, I say?! Why isn't it stopping?!"
*Despite the fear of being unable to move, as she's now turned to stone up to her thighs, Lycoris' voice is the same as always.*
*Even though she has memories of turning to stone, even though she should be afraid and panicking, her fear is at no greater level than her usual emotions.*
*I can't believe it.*
Shuma: "Um, well, Iris, can you not do something about this...?"
*The pair of them are turning to stone in a position like a pair of snakes entwined around one another.*
Iris: "Keep on producing life force... That's all I can say."
*Iris Pumila's eyes as she watches the two of them teetering on the brink of death are as gentle as watching a baby girl learning to walk on her own.*
Iris: "Since it's the two of you, who's bodies have become progenitors, then even if you turn to stone you should be able to bring yourselves back."
*Then, with a shimmer like heat haze, she melts away into the darkness.*
Shuma: "Y-yes?! Iris?! Hey, wait, Iris?!"
Lycoris: "Heeeey?! Pumila?! Hey you...thousand-year-old granny?! Don't drop something mysterious like that then run off, I say!"
Lycoris: "Granny! Hey you bastard granny! If you can hear me then come on out, I say! Idiot! Idiot granny! Stupid Pumi―oof?!"
Iris: "You're so noisy...can't you at least be quiet for the end?"
*Iris' fist appears from the darkness to shake Lycoris' neck.*
Lycoris: "When are you going to stop spouting mysterious things and start helping, bastard Pumila!"
Aoi: "You're really losing it. That's no attitude to take toward someone who used to make you tremble in your boots."
Lycoris: "It's to be expected, I say! This time is really no laughing matter! Heeeey, Pumila! Fix meeeee!"
*Lycoris is whipping her head around, trying to bite Iris.*
Iris: "Heheh...I'm saying that, as a third party, I can't help."
Iris: "Your life force can no longer receive any other kind. The only way is to increase your own stock."
Lycoris: "S-so tell us how!"
Iris: "Kiss."
Lycoris: "Yes?"
Iris: "You already gave the answer yourself."
Iris: "If you kiss and increase each others life force, you'll be able to return to normal."
Lycoris: "B-but...! We're turning to stone, I say! At this rate we'll be statues before we can do anything―"
Iris: "I said, didn't I? That your bodies are already like that of a progenitor."
Iris: "Progenitors are stronger than you think. Their bodies will not break and their souls will not be sullied merely from turning to stone."
Iris: "You should just relax and let it happen."
*With that, Iris disappears again like a curtain has fallen down on a stage.*
Iris: "Be it a thousand or two thousand years from now...I'm looking forward to the time we meet again..."
*She disappears completely, leaving her parting words to echo around the place.*
Lycoris: "Th-th-th-that granny! She ran away! She went and ran away at the crucial point, I say!"
Aoi: "L-Lycoris! Calm down! The petrification is progressing!"
Lycoris: "Uwaaah?! This is seriously very bad, this is no joke! Um, umm...right! *Smooch*!"
Shuma: "Mnnf?!"
*It's like a badly done skit.*
Lycoris: "*Kiss*...right, this should―uwah?! It's not stopping! It's not stopping at all?!"
Shuma: "M-maybe we have to keep kissing forever?! That would be super embarrassing?!"
*Their conversation grates on my ears.*
*Why the two of them? Why are they in this situation...?!*
Aoi: "Um, a-at any rate, at least until the petrification stops..."
Calen: "It is futile. The petrification cannot be stopped."
Shuma: "Calen?! No, but...!"
Calen: "It is already too late. The proof is that it hasn't stopped even though they kissed. Now that it has progressed this far, we cannot change their fate."
*I hate that all I can do is speak the inevitable truth.*
Aoi: "Then...!"
Calen: "However...even if they turn to stone, it does not mean that they will die. If they keep kissing and increasing each others limited life force, they should be able to return to their original bodies."
*I hate that I cannot do anything about the hopeless situation happening before me.*
Lycoris: "In other words...at the very least, right now, we have no choice but to turn to stone while kissing, is that it?"
Calen: "...Yes. There is no other chance of fixing you."
Lycoris: "...Is that so."
*Then...*
Lycoris: "You think I'm just gonna accept that?! It's way too embarrassing to turn to stone while connected to Shuma!"
Shuma: "C-could you not put it like that?! You're embarrassing me too!"
Aoi: "Hey?! Both of you! There's no time for pointless chatter! Argh, geez, you're already petrified up to your chests!"
Lycoris: "Argh, dammit all! This is all that piece of junk loli's fault! When I get back to normal I'm giving her a beating, I say!"
Lycoris: "If that's really the case, Shuma, let's do our best together!"
*Her optimism is unquenchable.*
Shuma: "Y-yeah...I'm kind of worried, but...well, we've no other choice."
*The wry smile he gives her is gentle at the same time.*
Aoi: "Lycoris...Shuma..."
Lycoris: "Don't cry, Aoi...it's not like this is goodbye forever."
Aoi: "But...! Aren't you scared?! Turning to stone is terrifying! And yet..."
Lycoris: "I'm fine. I mean, I..."
*She's turning to stone. Her soft breasts, her throat, now her mouth, are all turning gray.*
*Even though for me, recalling the fear of disappearing like this is enough to make my whole body stiffen...*
*Her expression is calm until the end.*
Lycoris: "This time...I'm...not...alo―"
*Before she can finish the last word, it's cut off by Shuma's lips.*
Lycoris: "Ah..."
*With a dry cracking sound, the shutters come down on her world.*
Calen: "Ah..."
*My worthy rival.*
*The world of the girl who had accepted me is gone.*
Calen: "Ah...Lycoris-san...!"
*A wave of loss engulfs my heart.*
*A feeling like the color has drained from the world, that nothing matters anymore.*
Aoi: "Don't cry, Calen."
*Aoi's whispered words bring me back to reality like a blow.*
Aoi: "I can't imagine what you're thinking or what kind of shock you're in."
Aoi: "But you should at least see the person you love off with a smile."
*Her quiet but strong words hit me like a blow to the head.*
Calen: "Shuma-saaaaan!"
*I scream the name of my beloved, the person who I had all but forgotten for a moment, just a moment.*
Calen: "Ah."
*Seeing his form already turned to an unmoving mass of stone, I realize the grave error I've committed.*
Calen: "...Ah...I..."
*At the last moment, I had missed my final glimpse of the man I am supposed to love.*
*Because of the shock I was in, because I let my guard down, because of bad luck.*
*"I couldn't help it"...that excuse is refuted and erased inside of me.*
Calen: "Shuma-san, I..."
*I forgot about him. About the man I am supposed to love.*
*Because my rival had disappeared before my eyes. Because the girl I had fought together with had disappeared.*
*I'd felt fear...and happiness.*
Calen: "Ah...why...why..."
*I had been jealous of Lycoris until the very end.*
*Why wasn't it me in her place?*
*Why wasn't it me he was in love with?*
*If I could be in his arms, I wouldn't care if I turned to stone, if my body crumbled away.*
*That is what I...should have been thinking.*
Calen: "Why...am...I...!"
*I can't stop the emotions gushing out of me.*
*I'm glad it wasn't me turned to stone.*
*I don't want to ever feel that fear again.*
*I'm safe, I think, deep in my heart, my existence is safe, I just can't forgive myself.*
Calen: "Aaaaahhhhh...!"
*I sob without shame or honor.*
*I wail and wail, and I hate myself.*
Aoi: "...Calen."
*Was my love not enough? Was my resolution not sufficient?*
Calen: "Uwaaaahhh, hee, guh, aaaahhhh!"
*I bawl like a child.*
Aoi: "Hey, Calen."
Aoi: "If they turn back... No..."
Aoi: "Until they turn back...let's make sure they don't die. It's a promise."
*She wraps her arms tightly around me.*
*While clutching onto her shaking body and sobbing voice.*
*I wail again.*
*In the terribly quiet night under the small, round full moon.*
====================E-RK01_06.TXT====================
*A gust of wind blows through.*
Aoi: "Shaa!"
*The figure, running through it with a cry like a storm, is as fierce as the beasts pursing her, yet as calm as though she were the predator.*
Aoi: "Ha, ha...haa!"
*Aoi Kamishiro, who has claimed the title of vampire hunter over many years and much experience, kicks off the ground at lightning speed, black hair fluttering in the darkness.*
Aoi: "Three to the right, two to the left rear...two in front!"
*It happens in around two seconds. In the time it would have taken an ordinary person to respond and draw their weapon, she has already sliced the black shadows that have oozed from the ground in front of her to pieces.*
*Then she crouches down on the spot like an athlete waiting for the start gun to fire.*
Aoi: "...Now!"
*At the sound of her first word, five of the creatures round on her as one.*
*They move right into the path of the violent sniper assault she had been luring them toward from the start.*
Aoi: "Nice kill. Taking them all out in one shot; your skills have improved a lot."
*One second. A black shadow like a clawed talon has no time to reach Aoi.*
Rubina Trainee: "No, it's all because you put so much into acting as a decoy, Sir."
*The shadows, leaping in without any strategy, unaware that it's a trap, are completely wiped out by the shot from the girl lying in wait.*
Aoi: "Right. But it's good that you held on until I led them to the spot. Sometimes people break under the pressure and start shooting before it's time."
Rubina Trainee: "Really? I can't imagine that happening..."
Aoi: "It does. Well, I think it's because the girl in question was a little too straightforward..."
Rubina Trainee: "Huh...is she still alive? Would she not be killed right away with that kind of personality?"
Aoi: "...She's still alive. Yeah, alive and kicking and on active duty. I mean, she's...my colleague."
*Aoi makes an awkward face to the curious girl's question.*
Rubina Trainee: "Oh! So she's quite the veteran. Were you perhaps in a team with her, Sir?"
Aoi: "N-no...I, well...no, that was someone else, you see."
Rubina Trainee: "Right, you definitely seem more calm and composed than that. I'm sure it would be tough being paired with someone like that right off the bat."
Aoi: "...Yeah."
*Her temple is twitching. A thick vein the width of a pencil is standing out on it. It'll just take one more word...*
Rubina Trainee: "By the way, what kind of a person was your partner?"
Aoi: "...An idiot."
Rubina Trainee: "...Are you talking about the veteran you mentioned just now?"
Aoi: "No, that was... Ah, whatever."
*She lets out a deep sigh that echoes around the place like buzzing crickets filling the air.*
Aoi: "My partner was, well...an idiot, a fool, a blockhead, a dummy so dumb she was beyond help."
Rubina Trainee: "For you to use such words...she must have been really terrible."
Aoi: "And she had massive tits...(whisper)"
Rubina Trainee: "Um, you're...you're making a very un-girly...unladylike expression."
Aoi: "Shut up! I'm still a girl?! Even if I was older than her..."
Rubina Trainee: "Ah..."
*The world surrounding them holds its breath.*
Rubina Trainee: "Um...Sir, is your partner..."
Aoi: "She's not dead... No, she's not dead."
Rubina Trainee: "....."
*The girl doesn't know how to respond to Aoi's decisive declaration.*
*This world continues to suffer from Derniere's interference.*
*The reason is simple. It is because Shuma Kusanagi, the one who should have become the Embroche progenitor, one part of the triad of clans that acted as the keystone of the barrier, had not succeeded the role.*
*The result was that a seam had come apart at the barrier between the worlds, which should have been kept sealed by the existence of the three clans.*
Aoi: "She's... They're not dead."
*Thereby, there had been many lives sacrificed to the dead creatures birthed by Derniere.*
*And as a measure to stop them, we, the Rubina, have regrouped and continue the fight day by day.*
Rubina Trainee: "...She's still fighting even now?"
Aoi: "...Yes. I hope so."
*Aoi realizes that the girl before her has probably misunderstood in a slightly pessimistic way.*
Aoi: "*Sigh*..."
*Well...*
Shuma: "Hehe, saying that kind of person would die right away, she's totally looking down on you."
Lycoris: "I say, I say, I say! Cursed nuisance! And a bastard who blames others for their natural assets! The absolute worst!"
Lycoris: "Of course being a "SIR" is a bit different!"
Lycoris: "I say, I say, I say!"
Shuma: "Bwahahahaha!"
Aoi: "Argh, cut it out! You're so noisy, jabbering on in my head!"
*They're alive inside my head.*
*No, that's not right. To be more accurate, they're alive somewhere else, and their voices flow into my head like back when I conversed with God.*
Rubina Trainee: "In your head?! C-could it be, Sir, that they are speaking to you?!"
*I can only sigh at the way the girl's eyes are sparkling at this situation.*
Rubina Trainee: "I want to hear...! I haven't yet heard the voices of the lord and lady...!"
Aoi: "It's nothing worth hearing...I mean, you don't want to be exposed to...those things."
Shuma: "Hey, Lycoris, she's calling us "things"?"
Lycoris: "How horrible! That is not something you say to a dear friend who has fought for her life beside you a thousand times!"
Shuma: "Well I suppose it's only natural that she would be frustrated by your recklessness and resent you for your overly straightforward heart."
Lycoris: "Please forgive me, Aoi, I'm so sorry for having bigger boobs than you!"
Aoi: "You guuuuuuuyyyys! Just you wait, I'm coming to smash your bodies up right noooooowww!"
*Today, too, Aoi Kamishiro is full of energy.*
Teofilo Hurtado: "Ah, it's always a sight for sore eyes."
Visitor B: "It makes me feel like I've understood something important."
Vox Chaotica: "Aaah, my heart is swelling."
*There, beneath the dome of the sparkling white chapel.*
Lycoris' Statue: "――――"
Shuma's Statue: "――――"
*Without speaking a word, without heed to their own injured bodies. A single eternity of sacrificing everything for the one they love.*
*'Statue of Father Progenitor Shuma and Mother Progenitor Lycoris.'*
*Those words on the pedestal inform the great majority of humans that they exist as nothing more than inorganic material.*
*Their heads bowed, new humans appear and then disappear, one after the other.*
*From time to time humans dressed in bright clothes offer up prayers, acknowledging the two of them as their new Gods.*
*They are the Rubina, and they are using the two of them in their rebuilding.*
Visitor D: "A bouquet in the left hand and victory in the right...grant us perpetual prosperity."
*The woman's voice fades into the air without any living thing hearing it.*
*Then another, and another, more new humans appear and disappear.*
*At the entrance to the chapel, a girl takes donations. The amount today, after only half a day, considerably surpasses the amount a decent prostitute would earn in a week.*
Teofilo Hurtado: "Oh...how beautiful."
Visitor B: "I can feel a power building just from looking at it..."
Vox Chaotica: "This is great...yeah, really great..."
*People offer up their prayers to the sanctuary's two protectors as though enchanted by the different plane on which they exist.*
Both Statues: "――――"
*Their immortal love will continue unchanging, its beauty still shining, even after the last worshiper has come and gone.*
*Then, after all the visitors have left...*
Iris: "Humans are such idiotic creatures."
*Iris Pumila, vampire and progenitor, appears like stepping out from behind a curtain.*
Iris: "Seems like not enough time has passed yet... How many hours, days, years has it been? Heheh, it's hard, getting older is so irrelevant to me I never keep track."
*With stifled laughter, Iris Pumila addresses the two stone figures.*
Both Statues: "――――"
Iris: "......"
Iris: "So you still can't speak."
*The sigh she lets out is tinged with exhaustion.*
Iris: "When that idiot Aoi heard your voices in her head, I thought for sure, but..."
Mari: "...Lady Pumila."
Iris: "The dog, huh? You seem to have received a lot of alms today too."
Mari: "We have...at least enough that we should be able to manage when these two return."
*With that, she shows her the completely empty cardboard box.*
*"Lycoris' steamy steamed meat buns."*
*"Shuma's welcome wooden sword."*
*"Taboo cross."*
Iris: "I've been thinking this for a while, but why is it that you people have no sense when it comes to naming things?"
*Iris pulls a sour face as she regards the box with the names of the various goods that provide the basis for the chapel's tourist revenue written on it.*
Mari: "Now, now, if they're selling, what does it matter? Hehehe."
Iris: "Whatever you say, just don't use all of it on yourselves."
Mari: "Whaaaat?! With all this, surely just a little bit will make no difference!"
*Iris proposed it, and Mari put it into action. That's how this cycle of generating money began.*
*One purpose is for when the two of them awaken. And the other is for protection; a necessary price to protect their statues from the shadows.*
Iris: "...I wonder if this would have come about were Calen here."
*Calendula Officinalis.*
*She would have exerted the full strength of her power as an Officinalis at a time like this.*
*However, she had suddenly disappeared the day after the two of them had turned to stone.*
Mari: "...They say money is the best lawyer in hell. It's a hard world we're living in."
*The result was that they had been obliged to depend on the humans. It would have been fine if they could protect the two of them twenty-four-seven, but that was not the case.*
*Mari, whose fighting ability was low even at the best of times. Iris, whose fundamental job was to maintain the barrier and was not permitted to fight.*
*There was no way the two of them could constantly protect the statues. And so, with no other choice, they earned money and employed human alarms, guardsmen in name only.*
Mari: "But it's good that we're doing better than at the start."
*While at the beginning the guardsmen had been easily overcome and they had often had to come deal with things themselves, recently they seemed to have found fairly strong humans, and the alarm now rarely sounded.*
Mari: "I wonder if this is because Aoi's influence is increasing within the Rubina?"
Iris: "Who knows...even if I can imagine what the humans are thinking, it never makes sense to me."
Iris: "And...isn't he supposed to be your master? If so, you should swear your loyalty and put on a show of strength, at least until he's back to normal."
*It's words of wisdom, advice given because she thought that while she couldn't carry it out herself, Mari could.*
Mari: "...I only hope that my life is not over before that happens."
*She responds lightly, and Iris Pumila understands that Mari's loyalty is far stronger than she had imagined.*
Iris: "I see...how wonderful it must be to be loved by such a good minion."
Mari: "...Are you drunk?"
Iris: "...Finger snap."
Mari: "Please I don't want to die yet, even this pathetic creature still wants to live, at least let me live until the 'OK Crest' is completed!"
Iris: "...You're quick to change your tune."
Mari: "Dogs are greedy yet pragmatic creatures. And...Master did tell me to wait."
*The smile she gives as she says it is dazzling.*
Iris: "...I see."
*She wonders weakly to herself whether this current state will continue forever.*
Iris: "Hey, Mari."
Mari: "What is it?"
Iris: "Can you hear it? Their voices?"
*Are they lonely by themselves? She leaves those words unsaid.*
Mari: "No, I cannot hear them myself. But that's fine."
*Maritima Malcolmia says, her face split into a wide smile.*
Mari: "Because I already know the first words I would say, and hear..."
Iris: "...I see."
*I, Iris Pumila, understand the reason Calendula Officinalis left this place.*
*She came to hate her own weakness.*
*And she couldn't bear this place that had made her realize that she was weak.*
*And so she had no choice but to run away to some place that no one would find her.*
*But she is probably, likely, no, definitely not dead.*
*She had acknowledged her defeat. She had fled in shame at the fact that she was not the one there beside him.*
*Even though it wasn't something worth throwing her life away over.*
Iris: "Heheh...heheheheh!"
Mari: "Why are you suddenly laughing, Lady Pumila? It is rather disconcerting."
*Although our power differential is clear, this dog has quite the bark. She must have been trained that way.*
*This man really has such power and attraction.*
Iris: "...He's of a bloodline that rouses up emotions in everyone around just by existing."
*Calen will probably come home. Perhaps on the day that these two are freed from their stone prison.*
*And then she will make her declaration of war against the eternal twosome with her power beyond all recognition.*
*Declaring that she is the only worthy wife for him...*
Mari: "You're in a good mood today, Lady Pumila."
Mari: "You look like you have just found a new raison d'etre."
Iris: "Yes...this emotion must be something like how a parent feels hearing their daughter's dreams for the first time."
Mari: "I thought you were a lifelong spinster, Lady Pumila. Or are you currently searching for a marriage partner?"
Mari: "Now is an era when the legal loli is much sought after, and with your almost eternal youth I am sure you would be in great demand."
Iris: "Nonsense, I don't have the slightest intention of surrendering myself to an insipid man."
Mari: "You're saying that a man with some meat to him would be acceptable...then how about Master?"
Iris: "Pfft!"
*I let out a snort of laughter at the stupid pup's proposal.*
Mari: "I know that I am but a mere maid, but he has more strength than even a vampire, let alone humans, and his future prospects are quite excellent."
Iris: "What are you thinking?"
Mari: "You wound me. I am never thinking of anything but my own self-protection and guaranteeing my future."
Mari: "I conduct myself only out of a desire that everyone around me be happy."
*Mari's words are completely straightforward, without a trace of lie or shame.*
Mari: "On the other hand, it is also possible that I will claim Master as my own by brute force the moment he turns back from stone."
*She says these crude words with a smile no different from normal.*
Iris: "Gaha! Hahahaha!"
*It's such a ridiculous joke that I wonder if this dog is trying to kill me with laughter.*
Iris: "That is possible!"
*Then I am filled with a strong, deep affection that, though twisted and bent, its roots will never break.*
Mari: "Well, if you did, I am sure the others would come to stop you."
Iris: "Heheh, you think a brat that isn't even a progenitor could stop me?"
Mari: "What would you do about the barrier?"
Iris: "When the time comes, it'll be a little better. You will find a way to keep the barrier stable without my meddling."
Mari: "You are as childish as ever. You never change."
Iris: "I have been around for many decades, hundreds of years. While one of the parameters may change, my actions do not."
*An eternally unchanging symbol of peace, a symbol of power continuing in perpetuity, and...*
Iris: "I'm doing what I can as a progenitor... Outside of those duties, I'll do what I please."
*As ruler of the night, ruler of the undead, ruler of chaos, with no feeling of restraint, I will take life again and again and again.*
Mari: "I think that Lady Calen will have become much stronger the next time you meet."
Iris: "Probably."
*She has the talent. She has the ability. What she does not have is the foundation, the resolution.*
*And with the nourishment of her temporary defeat, she will return a far greater monster.*
*She'll come, in the not-too-distant future, and we'll stand on the edge of a fight to the death, and then― The thought sends a thrill of heat through my cold, unfeeling body.*
Mari: "You look pleased."
Iris: "Yeah. I have a new objective."
*Finally, after two thousand years.*
Mari: "Indeed."
Mari: "But please take it easy. You are getting on in years now."
Iris: "Mari...three and out."
*Again, I'll seek out a new light.*
Lycoris: "Do you regret it?"
*She occasionally asks me in her ever-cheerful voice.*
*No matter how much I want to know the expression on her face as she says it, with being unable to see through my own eyes, I can't.*
Shuma: "I don't. And I never will."
*At these times I always respond with only those words.*
Shuma: "I did this because I knew it would be fine."
*I say to her, the only one who is in the same state as me, in this world where I can no longer move of my own volition.*
Shuma: "And I won't leave you alone."
*Sympathy? Is this what sympathy is?*
*Not the pitying kind of looking down on someone, and not the kind that stems from curiosity toward something different.*
Shuma: "I'm glad I'm with you."
*Just the kind of feeling that comes from being on an equal standing.*
Lycoris: "...You're an idiot, like always."
*She says, like usual. I'm sure she's puffing her cheeks out like a disgruntled puffer fish.*
*I can understand it even if I can't see it. I can perceive it even without seeing it.*
*That fact that we have been isolated from the world, our existence is now only that of the mind.*
Shuma: "We're idiots, you and me both."
*I feel that our world will continue on.*
Lycoris: "Don't you sometimes want to go back to your flesh and blood body and move around?"
Shuma: "It's enough just to see through other peoples' eyes. Plus..."
*A long while passes after that.*
*If I used all the power left in me I'd probably be able to stay in the real world, just for a moment.*
*But it would only be for a short while, and on top of that, it would be me alone.*
Shuma: "When we go back, I want it to be together."
*No matter how long a time passes, no matter how the tedious days drag on.*
Shuma: "I want to be with you."
*I'm not alone. I have someone I love. So long as I have that truth, I can keep going.*
Lycoris: "...You really are an idiot."
Shuma: "Look who's talking. We're both idiots. I say."
Lycoris: "...Don't copy me."
Shuma: "No, I say."
Lycoris: "......"
*I get the feeling she's laughing, and a warm emotion flows into me.*
Lycoris: "If we both return at the same time it'll probably be bad, you know?"
Shuma: "Hmm, how do you mean exactly?"
Lycoris: "Calen will have trained hard and have insane power, Pumila will abandon maintaining the barrier, and both of them will come to abduct you."
Shuma: "Pfft, what the hell?"
Lycoris: "Pumila is all fired up. She wants to forcibly make you her husband once the stone wears off."
Shuma: "Where'd you get that info?"
Lycoris: "I took a peek into Mari's brain."
Shuma: "You're such a freewheeler. You're even more lively than when you were human. Anyway, you're playing too much with other peoples' eyes."
Lycoris: "It's God's special privilege! You can't be angry at someone for taking what she can when she can't move, I say!"
*She shouts excitedly at me just like when she had a body.*
*I don't have the means available to me to see whether or not her face is really smiling.*
Shuma: "Well, we'd better think up a plan for when it happens...we'll be done for if they both come at the same time."
Shuma: "Actually, I'm done for if they decide to carry me off while I'm still in stone."
Lycoris: "It seems like they're both thoroughly considering that."
Shuma: "Is that so?"
Lycoris: "But it seems like they've both decided they'll come for you after the petrification has worn off."
Shuma: "Hmm, then we'd better come up with a plan together while we can."
Lycoris: "...I say! I will not let anyone get in our way!"
Lycoris: "We have plenty of time. Lots and lots of it, I say!"
Shuma: "You're right. There's no need to rush or come up with an answer."
Lycoris: "Take our time, slooowly...even if you choose someone else, I will never ever resent you!"
*It's Lycoris, so that's probably true.*
*It may have been by chance, or it may have been an inevitability.*
*We may have ended up together like this without it relating to our own will.*
*She is more delicate and kind than anyone...for this reason...*
Shuma: "Hey."
Shuma: "When we return to our own world, I'm going to make love to you until you can't ever say that again."
*I am in love with this girl who's name is Lycoris Radiata.*
Lycoris: "..."
Lycoris: "An idiot, I say..."
Shuma: "Hey."
Shuma: "Let's do our best, as two idiots, here where we can't cause the world any trouble."
Shuma: "And when we return we'll show up all those non-idiots."
Lycoris: "...Yeah."
*I'm in love with the only other one here.*
Lycoris: "I will not give you up to anyone, I say."
*And our absurd world continues turning.*
**