====================act_a_op.bin====================
Tesshin: In the west corner, Kawakami Momoyo!
Momoyo: Ah!
Tesshin: In the east corner, Kuki Ageha!
Ageha: Ready!
Momoyo: Ageha-san, is this really your final fight?
Ageha: Kawakami. The Conglomerate and its responsibilities shall keep Us far too busy.
Ageha: This shall be the last time We face you as a fellow warrior.
Momoyo: Too bad...
Momoyo: Guess that means I've gotta finish you off in style!
Ageha: Mwahahahaha! Such fiery words. How pleasant.
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair!:  BEGIN!!!
Momoyo:  Let's do this!
*The most fearsome and inescapable enemy of all had come! Its name...*
* Monday.*
*It was already morning, a fact my half-asleep brain was just starting to process...*
*...when I noticed a hand was slowly pulling the bed covers off me.*
Attacker: Good morning, Yamato. Also, I love you.
*She leaned in closer to steal a kiss, but I pushed her lips away.*
Yamato: Morning, Miyako... Let's just be friends.
Miyako: ...I've been dumped.
Miyako: I was so close, too.
Yamato: You don't know what close is.
Yamato: Could you stop with the sudden kissing attempts?
Miyako: There are times when the sweet heart of a maiden must become a velociraptor.
Yamato: ...Okay, time to get up.
Miyako: Breakfast is ready.
Yamato: Thanks.
Miyako: Or you could have me for breakfast.
Yamato: I'm gonna change now, so please leave.
Miyako: I've set out your uniform for you...
*She had ironed it and everything.*
Yamato: I never asked her to do that...
Robot: Hey, are you awake, Yamato?
*Then, a robot rolled in.*
Yamato: Cookie, I've told you about unlocking my room.
Cookie: Well, maybe you should wake up earlier.
Cookie: Oh, this is no good at all. Your futon is a mess.
Yamato: Give me a break, I just woke up.
Cookie: Why do you have to be so mean?! I was only trying to help!
Cookie?: If your words grow too scornful, my blade shall cut you into pieces!
Yamato: And quit transforming all the time, dammit!
*It may seem strange that we had one of the latest Kuki Conglomerate robot models in our student dorm. But anyways...*
Yamato: I like to get every minute of sleep that I can.
*I washed my face, changed, and readied myself for the day.*
Cookie 2: You shall bear witness to my strength as I fold your futon neatly!
*I'm not sure if the creator intended it, but the robot had kind of an attitude.*
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, good morning.
*I gave a warm greeting to my hermit crabs.*
*As I left my room and walked into the hallway, I was met by the smell of breakfast.*
*Yes, on weekdays we had a cook come to our dorm. Her name was Shimazu Reiko.*
*That motherly character is just one click away!*
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, Yamato-chan. Morning!
*Shimazu Reiko. Age 43. Virgo. Loves Korean dramas.*
Yamato: Good morning.
Yamato: As always, you're like a ray of sunshine, Mrs. Shimazu.
Mrs. Shimazu: You're such a good kid. That's worth an extra egg in your breakfast!
Mrs. Shimazu: Miyako-chan, come and give me some flattery, too!
Miyako: ...No.
Mrs. Shimazu: How rude. Training to be a pouty idol or something?
Miyako: Even your jokes are ancient.
Mrs. Shimazu: What was that?! Are you calling me old?!
Yamato: Okay, time to eat.
*In the main room on the first floor, our breakfast was laid out and ready.*
*Today we had white rice, fermented soybeans, grilled salmon, a thick miso soup, boiled spinach, and more.*
Mrs. Shimazu: A growing samurai needs a hearty breakfast!
Cookie 2: Mrs. Shimazu is correct. Proper living demands a proper breakfast.
???: Oh! G-Good morning!!!
Yamato: H-Hello?!
*The freshman girl shouted her greeting almost as soon as I saw her.*
*I couldn't imagine what was going through her head.*
*The same thing happened when I first met her, at the school entrance ceremony.*
Yamato: It's so boring. Nobody comes this way. (I was an usher for the event.)
Yamato: Well, at least it's a beautiful day. The cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
*But then I heard someone stampeding towards me!*
Yamato: Ah!
*Someone crashed into me.*
Yamato: Whoa there...
*I managed to keep my footing, but she fell...*
???: Breakfall Backroll!
*...or so I thought. She dexterously twisted her body into a roll, canceling the damage.*
*Her things, however, kept flying along until they landed a short distance away.*
*I crouched down to pick them up for her when...*
???: Awawawaw! I-I-I-I'm so sorry!
Yamato: It's all good.
*...She was hot. Her long, black hair perfectly framed her face.*
Freshman Girl: I-I was in a hurry, so, um...
*She looked like she'd blown a fuse.*
Yamato: You still have plenty of time. There's no need to panic.
Freshman Girl: But I'm a freshman, so I wanted to make a good impression, but now I've made everything worse and you think I'm crazy and--!
Yamato: Here's your bag. And here's your phone strap.
*I picked them up and gave them to her. The phone strap seemed to have a cartoon horse on it.*
???: Ah... Wah... Wah...
???: Th-Th-Th-Thank you very much for picking them up for me.
*Why was she glaring at me? And why was her voice trembling?*
*It was then that I spotted what she hadn't dropped. It looked like a sword.*
Yamato: Is that... a sword? A samurai sword?
???: Yes.
*A forthwith response. But we were on the outskirts of Kawakami Academy.*
*I hadn't been informed of anyone who would be here, or coming here, with a weapon.*
Yamato: Hello, this is point 23. Everything's all right. I'm honestly just totally bored. Over.
???: Bwuh?
Yamato: Sorry. We have to check in every so often.
Yamato: I'm an usher. Look, see the armband?
???: I-I see...
Cop: There you are. You do realize that you are violating the Sword and Firearm Control Act?
???: Huh?
Cop: Miss, please come with me.
???: Awawawawa?!
Yamato: We used the code 'Everything's all right' to report when something isn't right.
*There was a different code for when there was actually no trouble.*
*I was able to get a glimpse of her underwear... Man, she was cute.*
Yamato: ...Well, the ceremony's about to start.
*Another stampede!*
???: Huff, huff, huff, huff... I-I'm sorry!
*She was back. And so was her sword.*
???: Um, regarding the Sword and Firearm Control Act... My father received a formal permit for this weapon, so there shouldn't be any problem...
*She had permission to carry the sword? For the love of... Why hadn't that info made it to us at the bottom?*
*The policeman returned with her.*
Cop: No problem here. She's free to go. I've also confirmed she's a new student.
Cop: There's really nothing out of the ordinary about an armed Kawakami Academy student.
Yamato: Thank you for your help. Sorry for all the trouble.
Yamato: You're one unlucky girl, getting caught by a randomly passing officer like that.
Yamato: I'm sorry that weird incident had to become your first memory here. *smile*
???: Oh no... No no no no no no.
???: Thank you for being so considerate!
*While her words were kind, she had a look that said otherwise!*
*She had the same look then as she did now. Maybe she was the type to hold a grudge?*
Yukie: I-It's wonderful weather today!
Yamato: Oh, yeah. S-Sure is. (She was staring again!)
Yukie: Um... Err...
Yukie: Uhh...
*She fell silent. Was she just at that awkward age?*
Yukie: ... (She quietly ate her breakfast.)
*However, she ate with excellent manners. She must have been brought up well.*
Yamato: Oh yeah, we're one plate short.
*There were six rooms here at the Shimazu Dorm, all of which were rented out to Kawakami Academy students.*
*Three rooms for guys on the first floor, and three rooms for girls on the second.*
*We would all come together in the morning for breakfast, but...*
Miyako: So Capt isn't here again.
Cookie: Meister has been gone since Saturday evening.
Yamato: Where'd he go off to this time...
*It would actually be more unusual if he hadn't wandered off again.*
*One of the rooms upstairs was empty. We only had two girls here at the moment.*
*As for the final room on the first floor, that belonged to...*
Tadakatsu: Tch! Took you long enough to wake up.
*Minamoto Tadakatsu was a delinquent, but of the new, more wholesome variety.*
Yamato: You're looking energetic this morning, Gen-san. (That was my nickname for Tadakatsu.)
Tadakatsu: Hmph.
Yamato: Oh, Mrs. Shimazu served her homemade pickled cucumbers. I love those.
Miyako: They're very healthy.
Yamato: I try to watch my nutritional balance.
Miyako: ...Here. You can have my share.
Miyako: Affection points up.
Yamato: I don't want them. Not after what you did to them.
*I pushed them back to her.*
Miyako: Mngh...
*Namely, she'd dyed the food red with spice.*
*This one, by the way, had been a suicide-hot kimchi cucumbers.*
Miyako: Do you only hurt me... because you love me?
Yamato: No. Absolutely positively without-a-doubt no.
Tadakatsu: Would it kill you to shut your traps when you eat?
Yamato: Gen-san, can I have one of yours?
Tadakatsu: The hell? Why am I stuck giving you my food? Don't piss me off.
Freshman Girl: ...
Tadakatsu: Tch! Fine... Here, it's yours.
Yamato: Thanks.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I just don't wanna deal with you begging me all morning.
Freshman Girl: Whew.
*Despite his appearances, Gen-san was a pretty nice guy.*
Yamato: Anything interesting in the news?
Miyako: The long rain last week ended the drought. The Prime Minister visited the US. What else...
Miyako: A politician was caught embezzling, then the politicians who were 'outraged' about it were found to be doing the same thing.
Tadakatsu: Hmph. Well, that's nothing new.
*It was April 20th, 2009, another peaceful day in Japan.*
*After breakfast, I went to the bathroom, made sure I looked good, and checked the time -- 8:15.*
*I couldn't find Gen-san. He must have long since left for school.*
*What sort of delinquent was never late, anyways?*
*Every morning I left for school with Miyako.*
Miyako: Don't worry, I haven't been waiting long.
Yamato: You don't have to make it sound like we're on a date.
*Shiina Miyako. She was a student in Kawakami Academy's Class 2-F.*
*While you wouldn't think it looking at her now, in the past she had trouble at home, was thin as a stick, and struggled with school bullies.*
*It got so bad that I couldn't watch anymore. I put my brain into overdrive, got my friends involved, and saved her. Thanks to which...*
Miyako: I love you.
*...She'd fallen in love with me.*
*I'd been rejecting her advances even back before she had meat on her bones. For years and years...*
*And now, she had become a budding, curvaceous woman.*
Miyako: I've been raised so well.
*I hadn't saved her because I wanted something in return.*
*If only Miyako could see things in a broader light...*
*But she kept confessing her love to me, and I kept turning her down.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Come on, Gakuto! Hurry up!!! Your friends are about to leave!
*I could clearly make out the shouting from the Shimazus' home, which was right next door.*
Gakuto: Shut up! Don't embarrass me, Mom!
Yamato: Sup, dork.
Gakuto: Are you pickin' a fight this early?!
Yamato: I'm kidding. You're super cool today, like always.
Gakuto: Hey, hey. Cut it out. The truth's hard to bear.
Gakuto: What do you think, Miyako? Am I not brimmin' with more manliness than ever?
Miyako: Where, exactly?
Gakuto: Behold my perfectly styled hair. Chicks won't be able to get enough of it.
Miyako: It looks the same to me.
Gakuto: Pfft, I wouldn't expect you to have any fashion sense anyway.
Yamato: You're sure full of confidence, Mr. Muscles.
Gakuto: My secrets are in this book, Mr. Brains.
Gakuto: It's packed with hair stylin' tips and more. Just follow this book's advice and the babes will fall for you. It even says so on the cover.
Yamato: That thing looks so cheap. It's a wonder the binding hasn't fallen apart yet.
Gakuto: I found it online. It's from a kick-ass site by a guy named Handsome Ouno!
Gakuto: The secret to attractin' girls came to him while in Tibet. He then became so popular that he needed a dozen condoms just to make it through the day!
Gakuto: It was on sale for just 10,000 yen, so I had to get it.
Miyako: ...You're so helpless.
Gakuto: Hah. I think you're the one we have to worry about, Miyako-chan.
Miyako: What's that look supposed to mean?
Gakuto: Even Yamato, a man, can sense the pure sexiness radiatin' from me.
Yamato: Huh? What're you talking about?
Gakuto: I'm totally super cool today. You said so yourself.
Yamato: You did know I was lying, right? Are you that dense?
Miyako: I'm worried about his brain. How will he manage in the future?
Gakuto: You're supposed to be my childhood friends! Have some mercy!
Gakuto: Damn it! All I wanted was a life where even a dozen condoms wouldn't be enough to make it through a day...
Yamato: That's really all you want, huh?
Miyako: Getting you is all I want, Yamato. *blush*
Yamato: I'm not talking to you! I'm talking to Gakuto!
Miyako: Gakuto, you don't have to be ridiculous. Believe in yourself, and you'll do fine.
Gakuto: You're right. This book will not lead me astray. My physical charm will win the day!
*Gakuto took out some walnuts from his pocket and rolled them in his hand.*
Gakuto: Huh? Wait, where's Capt?
Miyako: It took you long enough to notice.
Gakuto: He went wanderin' off, again?
*Miyako, Gakuto, and I walked our usual route along the Tama River.*
*The warm spring sun felt good against my skin.*
Yamato: The weather's so nice today. I'd love to just take a nap here by the river.
Miyako: With me?
Yamato: ...By myself.
Miyako: I was so close.
Yamato: No, you weren't. Let it go.
Gakuto: Haha, you've been dumped.
Miyako: Shut up.
Gakuto: Don't come runnin' to me just because Yamato's never happening.
Miyako: Go eat a banana, gorilla.
Gakuto: Treat me like a human being! (He crushed the walnuts in his hand.)
Miyako: Even treating you like a primate is generous.
Gakuto: Hey, Yamato. You know everything, so tell me... What's a pry-mate?
Yamato: How did you even get into our school, Gakuto?
Miyako: His family has land. They must have bought his way in.
Gakuto: You know damn well I studied my ass off!
*Gakuto's family had owned land in the area for generations. In fact, they were the ones providing the parcel for our dorm.*
*That's why his house was right next door.*
Takuya: Hey.
*Joining us was a guy walking with his nose in the latest issue of Weekly Shounen Jast, which had just come out today.*
Miyako: Morning, Morooka Takuya, from Class 2-F. His hobbies are surfing the net and reading manga.
Takuya: You sound like you're introducing me.
Miyako: You're so unnoticeable that, if I don't consciously think about you, I might forget you exist entirely.
Takuya: It's too early to be that cruel!
Gakuto: She's in a bad mood because she got dumped.
Takuya: ...Oh, so that's it.
Takuya: Wait -- Miyako, I don't want to hear you calling me unnoticeable!
Miyako: I am glad to see you are ready with the retort again today.
Gakuto: Moro's always livin' life to the fullest.
Takuya: Huh? Did Capt run off again?
Yamato: He's gone. But, well. Don't worry about him.
Miyako: Moro, you're grinning too much. It's creepy.
Takuya: This week's To Love-Run was nice and sexy.
Gakuto: Oh, really? How many panty shots?
Takuya: Look here, at the shower scene. When they print the tankobon version, I bet they'll draw in the nipples.
Gakuto: Let me see. I just wanna see those panties.
Takuya: And see here? There's a glimpse of an amoeba by the captured heroine's feet. It's a sign she's going to be attacked next week.
Chika: Oh! Morning Naocchi, Shiinacchi.
*A group of girls from our class passed in front of us and said hello.*
Yamato: Morning. (I was Naocchi. That was her nickname for me.)
Miyako: ...
Yamato: ...Hey, Miyako, be polite.
Miyako: Mn... (She nodded back.)
Takuya: Did she say 'Naocchi'? Sounds like someone's popular with the ladies, hahaha.
Gakuto: Doesn't it just piss you off bein' called that girly nickname?
Gakuto: Hey wait, what happened to our greeting?
Miyako: Maybe because you were huddled up with him, both your noses deep in a softcore hentai manga and not even trying to hide it?
Gakuto: So it's 'cause I associate with an otaku like Moro.
Takuya: You'd like to think so. I'm way better than you!
Gakuto: You and your puny body would stand against me?
Takuya: Says the guy with a puny brain!
Yamato: You two are as close as ever...
Miyako: Those two are pouring out some strong BL vibes.
Yamato: You're just projecting your fantasies onto them.
Takuya: (I don't want to be less of a man than Gakuto.)
Gakuto: (There's no way I could lose to Moro!)
*Those were some of the stupid conversations the four of us had as we walked along the river.*
*Soon after, we saw a crowd gathered ahead of us.*
Yamato: What's everyone looking at?
*I followed their eyes towards the riverbank to see...*
Yamato: Man... *sigh*
*About a dozen thugs had all surrounded a girl.*
*They had bats and other cheap weapons in hand.*
*And out of all the Kawakami Academy students watching from afar, none went to help her.*
*Rather, they were the audience hyped for the show.*
Miyako: A crisis first thing in the morning.
Takuya: If we don't step in fast, this won't end pretty.
Yamato: So it sounds like I'm getting sent in?
Gakuto: Heck, she's your sister.
Yamato: I mean, not literally, but... Fine, I'll go.
Yamato: Guys, stop, stop, stop!
*I jumped through and into the circle.*
Yamato: I've got this!
Yamato:  Run now while you still can!
*I desperately tried to persuade...*
Thug A: ...Huh?! You talking to us?
*...the thugs.*
Yamato: Yeah! Get out of here! Hurry!!!
Yamato: I mean, you really should think a bit longer before picking a fight.
Yamato: Don't you know who she is?
Thug A: Damn straight. She's Kawakami Momoyo. Word of her's made it all the way to our place in Chiba.
Yamato: ...You came all the way here from another prefecture?
*Word about her was spreading wider and wider.*
Thug E: Nyack, nyack. We came to say hello.
Thug B: G-Gossipers are always makin' things sound bigger than they are, anyways.
Thug G: You seriously think she single-handedly took out the Ninetailed Dogs from Nanahama, or actually slam-dunked some stupid-ass kid?
Thug K: Heh heh, we ain't holding back just 'cause she's a girl.
Thug C: We're a whatch' might call a 'real gang' that'll 'kick some ass', even if it's a chick.
Thug B: Heh heh heh. Y-You're gonna lose out here, on the main road, with all them students watching.
Woman: Tetris, huh? That takes me back.
Thug E: Nyack, nyack. Huh? The hell you talking about?
Momoyo: Your cell phone strap.
Momoyo: That's a Tetris block, right?
Thug K: Yeah. What does that have to do with anything?
Thug C: And why ya so fuckin' chill? Don't 'piss me off'!
Momoyo: Playing it for the first time in so long sounds like fun. And you're going to help.
Thug E: Huh?! Nyack, nyack.
Momoyo: I'll be player one. You'll be the blocks.
Thug E: Gaarh!
*His arm bent back in an unnatural way.*
Thug E: O-Owwwww! My arm!!!
Thug A: B-Bitch! You hurt Funabashi-kun!
Thug C: Yo, let's 'fuck her shit' up!!!
Momoyo: Too slow! What are you, babies?!
*She sent them all flying in the blink of an eye.*
*And the crowd roared their approval. This was the moment they had been waiting for.*
*Most of them were students from our school.*
Momoyo Fan 1: Ohhh, Momo-senpai, you're always so cool!
Momoyo Fan 2: She's totally unbeatable!
*The girls squealed.*
Momoyo Fan 3: Momo-senpai's a goddess! A hegemon!
Momoyo Fan 4: No one in Japan can match her!
*...And the guys were squealing, too.*
Takuya: I can never see her arms or legs move, just the bodies flying away.
Miyako: I believe she landed one kick on each of them.
Gakuto: Y-Yeah. Er, those were some awesome kicks.
Miyako: I lied. She actually punched.
Gakuto: Damn you, Miyako.
Takuya: ...So even you couldn't follow her, Gakuto?
Takuya: I'm amazed you could, Miyako.
Miyako: All archers are expected to have good eyesight.
Miyako: By the way, that round-faced guy with the annoying laugh didn't just get a punch to the face. He also got three blows to the stomach.
Momoyo: It was eight. You got a long ways to go, Miyako!
Takuya: And she heard us.
Yamato: Don't say I didn't warn you. Oh, that looks painful.
*I was glad that wasn't my face connecting with her explosive punches.*
Thug A: ...H-Holy... Kisarazu-kun's down... And Sudanuma-kun, too?
Thug A: We didn't--ugh!--even last a... second?
Momoyo: Okay, time for some human Tetris. You there will be the twisty one.
Thug A: Huh?!
Momoyo: A bunch of cowards who'd gang up on a girl don't deserve pity. Here!
Thug A: Gah!
Momoyo Fan 5: Ah, the way she finishes her opponents off is always so wonderful!
Momoyo Fan 6: You can just drink in her victorious aura!
Takuya: She's dislocating their joints again.
Gakuto: It seems so normal now. Everyone's watchin' with glee.
Momoyo: Hm. You're out cold, so you can be the long block.
Thug K: Wh-What the hell...? Y-You're fucked up.
Momoyo: Oh, you're still with us? Then you get to be something way more complex.
Thug K: Wawawa. P-Please, have mercy.
Momoyo: You want mercy? Then you get one chance.
Momoyo: Make me laugh with a good joke, and you get to live another day.
Thug K: A-A joke?!
Momoyo: You'd better not stay silent or tell me you can't.
Momoyo: Not unless you want to see me when I'm really angry. Heh heh heh.
Thug K: Eeeek! Shit! You're straight-up evil!
Miyako: She's only being a complete sadist because her enemies are so pathetic.
Momoyo: Right, let's hear that joke!
Thug K: H-H-How about an American joke?
Momoyo: You got balls. I like it.
Thug K: What do you call the target of a falling rock?                                      ......Stoned!
Momoyo: We'll start with your left arm. Just relax and...
Thug K: Gaaaaaahhhh!
*The crowd cheered.*
Momoyo Fan 7: Zero mercy! You're awesome, Momo-senpai!
Momoyo Fan 8: She does the things you and I can't. I wish I could be her!
*...And so she stacked the men up high.*
Momoyo: Heh heh. What a beautiful stack.
Yamato: Nee-san, this is turning into a horror movie.
*She'd made a tower out of people.*
Momoyo: Whoops. In Tetris, you're supposed to clear the filled lines.
*One roundhouse kick later and they were shooting off into the stratosphere.*
Momoyo: You should've come running sooner, Ya-ma-to.
Momoyo: You're my lil' bro, so you gotta be quick.
Yamato: Yeah, about that... How long's the contract going to last?
Momoyo: Heh heh. You're never going to be free. You'll be my lil' bro forever.
*She shot up next to me and tousled my hair.*
*And as always, her low-cut shirt was extremely distracting.*
Yamato: W-We'll need to get going, or we'll be late.
Momoyo: ...Hm? Wait, just wait. I spy an unfamiliar face in the crowd!
*Momoyo... er, Nee-san... charged straight into the crowd.*
Momoyo Fan 8: Wh-What? Momo-senpai's coming our way?!
Momoyo Fan 9: She must have her eye on me!
Momoyo: Hey, lemme through.
Momoyo Fan 9: Huh?
Momoyo: You... You're a freshman at our school?
Cute Girl: Huh...? Um... Y-Yes.
Momoyo: I'm Kawakami Momoyo, senior.
Momoyo: Nice to meet you.
Cute Girl: Th-Thank you. You're so famous, I've heard all about you!
Cute Girl: You live at Kawakami Temple, the renowned martial arts temple. They even say you're going to run it one day.
Momoyo: You know a lot for a new student. And you're cute. Let me give you the ride of your life.
Cute Girl: Huh?
Momoyo: See? I'll carry you in my arms!
Cute Girl: Awawawawa...
Momoyo: Those flushed cheeks of yours make you even cuter.
Yamato: There she goes again, picking up girls...
Momoyo Fan 10: Aww. You're so lucky.
Momoyo Fan 11: I'm so jelly! Carry me, too!
Momoyo: Why don't you and I get together sometime and have a nice, long chat about love?
Cute Girl: Y-Yesss, please!
*Now back on her feet and her cheeks beet red, the girl dashed off.*
Momoyo: Heh hem.
*With a satisfied grin, Nee-san then came my way.*
Momoyo: Did you see that, guys? That girl's as good as mine.
Gakuto: C'mon, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: What?
Gakuto: Quit hoggin' all the cute girls for yourself! Send a few my way!
Momoyo: Screw that. If you want a girl, get one yourself.
Momoyo: Well, I might plunder her anyways if she's cute enough. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: That's a bit extreme.
Gakuto: But why do you always take the hot ones? It's so unfair...
Momoyo: Hey now. Don't get the wrong idea, Gakuto. I'm not just interested in cute girls.
Momoyo: But the selection of guys around here is rubbish, so I get my kicks with the girls.
Takuya: That's because your bar is set too high.
Takuya: None of us think we've even got a chance, so why risk trying?
Gakuto: I am nothin' like those softwilled kelps!
Gakuto: Go out with a tough guy like me! I'll show you how great men can be.
Miyako: And now a sudden confession of love? Gakuto, is your head on straight?
Yamato: That's exactly what you do...
Momoyo: No good, your heart wasn't in it. Besides, you're way too shabby for me anyways.
*She cut him down with a single stroke.*
Gakuto: Man, I'm just getting started. Don't you know? They say bein' popular with the girls is a phase, and it comes to everyone eventually.
Takuya: That sounds more like an urban legend. I've never gone through it, anyways.
Momoyo: Well, I'll at least give you points for determination.
Gakuto: So my heart wasn't in it...
Gakuto: Hey, Yamato. You're smart, so you oughta know... How do I put my heart into it?
Yamato: I don't know either, but if you have to ask, I'm pretty sure you're doomed.
Momoyo: Hm? Oh yeah, the idiot's not around?
Yamato: Capt? Yeah... the usual.
Momoyo: Oh, look at the time. Let's get going.
Miyako: Off we go!
*We headed for school once more, leaving the bodies where they had fallen.*
*The crowd was starting to move as well. They must have checked the time, too.*
*With the addition of Nee-san there were now five of us.*
Momoyo: We're halfway through April. You guys used to your new classes yet?
Yamato: We did go down to Hakone with our new classmates during spring break, so...
Momoyo: That was such a brilliant idea.
Takuya: It only takes the jocks one night together to become close as cousins.
Gakuto: You found some gamin' buddies too, right?
Gakuto: Weren't you blabberin' about how some game's plot or somethin' made you cry?
Takuya: Yeah. I'm glad I found some fellow gamers.
Momoyo: It's good to know you're having fun.
Gakuto: How about your new class, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: It's great. There's a ton of good-looking girls.
Gakuto: By all means, introduce me to them. I beg you from the bottom of my heart, please.
Momoyo: They're all mine. From the bottom of my heart, no.
Gakuto: We have to do somethin' about you fast, or else...
Momoyo: You still a loner, Miyako?
Miyako: Solitude is the best.
*Miyako gave a thumbs-up.*
Momoyo: You're a lone wolf.
Miyako: Woof, woof.
Yamato: She's still stuck in her rut.
Miyako: Wah...
Miyako: ...If I have everyone here, plus two more, nothing else really matters.
Gakuto: That's your ideology.
Miyako: That's a big word. You're a super genius.
Gakuto: Heh-hem.
Takuya: She was being sarcastic.
*We reached Tama Bridge.*
*Kawakami Academy was on the other side.*
*This bridge was also known as the Bridge of Weirdos.*
Koyuki: Butterfly!
Jun: Hey, hey. Don't go wandering into the road.
Koyuki: Mn?
Koyuki: There's a pretty butterfly flying around.
Jun: It's not safe to run into a road full of cars. Don't do anything dangerous.
Koyuki: Ran-ran-ru I'm l--
Jun: And don't say anything dangerous either! Do you wanna get sued?!
*The nickname came from the parade of eccentric students who crossed it on their way to school.*
Laugher: Mwahahahahaha!!!
*The rickety clack of a speeding rickshaw was heading our way.*
Yamato: Hey, the craziest weirdo of them all is here. Don't even look at him.
*The rickshaw streaked along fast as a bicycle, then came to a sudden stop.*
Hideo: Good morning, commoners!!!
Hideo: We! Are! Kuki! Hideo!
Hideo: Hi-deo the Hero!
Hideo: Let this symbol of Our glory be burned into your memory!
Azumi: Wonderfully said, Hideo-sama!
Yamato: ...
Azumi: Good morning, everyone
Takuya: ...G'morning.
Gakuto: Hey there.
Hideo: Mwahahahahaha! We feel from you commoners no energy! Have the rising taxes made heavy your hearts?
Azumi: People, Hideo-sama has paid you a greeting.
Azumi: Respond promptly or I may have to take your life
Hideo: Do not intrude, Azumi! We shalt not tolerate one having a more prominent role than Us!
Azumi: I'm terribly sorry, Hideo-sama!!!
Hideo: We mind not. A hero's heart must be vast!
Hideo: It appears Our angel Kazuko-dono is not among you? Commoners, explain yourselves!
Momoyo: She's probably out training. My sister's very diligent.
Hideo: Oh, truly impressive. For it is in those daily toils that a warrior is born!
Hideo: Indeed, earnestness is the unyielding vice that clutches unendingly Our adolescent heart!
Hideo: Mwahahaha!!! This day promises to be grand! Azumi, time to depart!
Azumi: As you wish, Hideo-sama!
*She dashed off, rickshaw in tow.*
*The two quickly flew across the bridge.*
Miyako: Thank goodness we're not in the same class as him.
Gakuto: It's painful enough to share the same grade.
Momoyo: That maid's something else.
Momoyo: I dunno if Moro or anyone else could tell, but she didn't leave a single opening.
Takuya: Seeing her pull that rickshaw with the speed of a bike is enough to know we shouldn't mess with her.
*Now that all of them were gone, we began crossing the bridge ourselves.*
*On the far side, off in the distance, were the outskirts of Tokyo.*
Kazuko: Everybody! Morning!!!
Momoyo: Oh, speak of the devil. My sister's here.
Miyako: Hey! (She gave a salute.)
Yamato: Morning.
*I greeted Kawakami Kazuko, who'd ran straight to us.*
Gakuto: Yo, Wanko.
Takuya: Good morning, Wanko.
Kazuko: There were so many people out cold by the riverside... Was that your doing, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Yeah, and they were total pushovers.
Kazuko: Aha, you really are amazing!
Gakuto: Wanko, you're pullin' two tires today?
Kazuko: Yeah, but I made up for it by following the river all the way to Tokyo and back.
Takuya: And you ran all the way to Shizuoka all of yesterday. You're full of energy.
Kazuko: But I have to train a ton!
Kazuko: After all, I'm still nothing compared to Onee-sama.
Momoyo: That's the spirit. What do you say? Isn't my sister amazing?
Kazuko: Aww, you're making me blush.
Momoyo: I'll sell her for a hundred trillion yen.
Kazuko: Huh? You're selling me?! Y-You wouldn't...
Momoyo: I'm joking. And even if someone did pay, I'd just take their money and keep you all to myself.
Kazuko: I knew you would, Onee-sama You're so wonderfully strong.
Kazuko: One day, I'm going to be as strong as you.
Yamato: Two of her? Please no.
Momoyo: Hm? I can't let that comment go, lil' bro.
*She squeezed my head.*
Yamato: Ow, that hurts! My vision's blurring!
Momoyo: But I'm not making you carry my bag. Can you imagine a kinder sister than me?
Kazuko: Huh? Our leader's missing.
Yamato: He vanished without a trace.
Kazuko: Well, I guess that's normal.
*Now that she'd met up with us, Kazuko was walking at a normal pace...*
*...while still pulling the tires behind her.*
Gakuto: At least skip on the trainin' while you're walking with us.
Kazuko: Everywhere and always! I never forget to train.
Takuya: But we don't really want to be seen with a girl pulling tires around.
Kazuko: You're so moody. That's why you're called Moro.
Takuya: My name's Morooka, and it's been my name since I was born! Don't make stuff up!
Kazuko: If I keep training like this, I won't just get strong...
Kazuko: ...I'll also get a body like Onee-sama's.
Yamato: You want to match her figure, too?
Kazuko: Yeah! She's my goal in everything.
Momoyo: Good luck, sister. My bust size is 90.
* ...?!*
Kazuko: I'm going to start drinking milk at lunch!
Yamato: Even with that, some things are just never going to happen.
Kazuko: What? Are you picking a fight, Yamato? Do you want a match?
Yamato: I mean...
*I looked back at Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Hm?
*Her training had melted away any unnecessary fat, leaving a toned body that accentuated her already large breasts.*
*Then those supple legs of hers stretched down from that well-built waist... She was just overflowing with charismatic beauty.*
*She wasn't known as the most beautiful girl in school for nothing.*
*If she weren't also the strongest, there would've been as many guys hitting on her as there are stars in the sky.*
Momoyo: Hey, Yamato. Whatcha looking at? Hm?
*She put her arm around my neck, trapping me in a headlock.*
Yamato: Nwah! I-I was just thinking about how Wanko's goal seems impossible.
Kazuko: What? You'd better not underestimate me!
Kazuko: One day, I'll have huge breasts, and then someone will walk up to me and say, 'Hey, is this a fruit store, 'cause those are nice melons!'
Takuya: Ahahahahaha!!!
Miyako: That was a good joke. You pass.
Gakuto: Oh, Miyako liked it. Hahahaha.
Kazuko: Don't laugh, you stupidheads! I'm serious!
Yamato: Nah, that was hilarious. Hahahaha.
Kazuko: C-Come on...
Miyako: You really are a comedic character. Heh heh.
Kazuko: Stop laughing...
*Tears welled up in her eyes.*
Momoyo: There, there. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Ehehehe.
*And she'd recovered.*
Kazuko: I'm going to knock you all off your high horses myself!
Kazuko: And I mean that literally, of course! Let's fight!
Yamato: Shut up, Tire.
Kazuko: T-Tire?
Miyako: True, she is dragging around a pair of them.
Kazuko: Ahaha. A kid could come up with a better name. Do you idiots think that's all it takes to get to me?
Yamato: Okay, Tire.
Kazuko: Shut up!!!
Gakuto: Tire! Tire!
Kazuko: I-I'm not a tire...
Miyako: Tire.
Kazuko: Don't call me that... Please stop...
*Tears welled up in her eyes.*
Momoyo: Guys, drop it or you'll have me to fight.
Miyako: Then it's a fight you shall have... with Gakuto.
Gakuto: Why is this comin' back at me?
Yamato: I'm sorry, Wanko. Cheer up.
Kazuko: Giving you a beating is sounding pretty good!
Yamato: Then you should start with Gakuto, since his name comes first alphabetically.
Gakuto: Yamato, you bastard!
Kazuko: Little Sister Kick!
Momoyo: Big Sister Punch!
Gakuto: Owwww!!!
Takuya: Looks like you're popular with the girls, Gakuto.
*Despite our fighting, nobody paid us any mind. This was nothing new after all.*
Bookstore Owner: Heyya, kids. Good to see y'all are getting along.
Gakuto: Yo! (That's the owner of the book store where Capt works.)
Bookstore Owner: Hahaha! You idiots've been together for ages, ain't that right?
Bookstore Owner: How long're y'all planning on sticking together?
Kazuko: Simple. We'll be together forever and ever.
*Wanko replied innocently.*
Yamato: We cut it awfully close.
Momoyo: Here's where I split. Study hard, kids. *om nom nom*
*Nee-san, the only senior among us, ate her lunch early as she headed to her class in Building A.*
*The rest of us were sophomores, so the five of us headed to Building B.*
Miyako: ...
*Miyako had fallen silent as soon as we'd arrived.*
Takuya: I still find it hard to believe we somehow all wound up in the same class.
Gakuto: It's the first time for sure. Back in middle school we were always split up.
Kazuko: Hmm heh hmm hmm (She had changed in the locker room.)
*Wanko lightly danced up to and opened the door.*
Kazuko: Good morning!
*We're in Class 2-F, which is said to be a class full of troublesome students.*
Yamato: Good morning!
*I always gave a warm greeting in the morning.*
Mayo: Good morning to you, too.
Chika: I was watching this morning. Momo-senpai's always so amazing.
Yamato: As her brother, I'm worried that she's maybe going too far.
Takuya: (The girls always talk to Yamato.)
Takuya: (Probably because he always gives that warm welcome to everyone, never discriminating. I wish I could do that.)
Mitsuru: Good morning, Morooka-kun. Would you like some dango?
Suguru: Moro, did you watch Autumn yesterday? ShigaAni animates so well! I scoured the net looking for a screenshot of the confession scene.
Takuya: (Only guys come to me... Well, I guess that's fine.)
*Once I'd done the rounds and spoken to everyone, I headed to my desk by the window.*
Miyako: ...
*Miyako, who sat next to me, was already engrossed in a book.*
*Specifically, she was reading a historical novel by Shiba-san.*
Kazuko: All righty.
*Wanko, who sat in front of me, opened up her bag...*
Kazuko: Gngh...
*...only to start working out with the hand grips she kept in there.*
Mayo: Wanko-chan, I see you're training again today.
Kazuko: My life goals are to eat a lot, sleep a lot, and train a lot.
Mayo: I trust you did your homework?
Kazuko: I'm ready to copy yours, Class Rep!
Mayo: Geez, you have to do it yourself.
Yamato: You should walk to school with us once in a while, Gen-san.
*I said to the person behind me.*
Tadakatsu: You don't gotta throw me into the conversation.
Yamato: This is more like a habit of mine.
Tadakatsu: Hah, there ain't a lazy bone in you.
*Then the bell rang, so all conversation froze mid-sentence.*
Mayo: Everyone, Ms. Kojima's coming.
Takuya: Shoot. Wait -- that's my manga! Hide it! Now!
Yamato: Wanko. Your exercise equipment is still on your desk.
Kazuko: Whoops, that was close. Nice save.
Chika: Uh, that nerd is actually sleeping.
Gakuto: Suguru, wake up. The demon, Kojima, is almost here.
Suguru: Whoa... I stayed up far too late last night.
*The clack of stern footsteps echoed ever closer from the hallway.*
Mayo: Everyone! The teacher's here!
*Once we all heard the signal, we sat up straight in our seats.*
Umeko: It's time for the morning homeroom.
Mayo: Stand! Bow!
*The whole class gave her a proper greeting.*
Umeko: Good morning! You may take your seats.
Umeko: I shall take attendance. Each of you is to reply swiftly when you hear your name.
*Nobody was reckless enough to try to whisper to a friend.*
Umeko: Amakasu Mayo.
Mayo: Here!
Umeko: Mn. Very good.
Umeko: Ogasawara Chika.
Chika: Here!
*She quickly went through everyone's names.*
Umeko: That ends the roll call.
*--Moments later.*
Ikurou: Huff... Huff... Huff, Fukumoto Ikurou's here!
Chika: (Wow... You'd show up now? Are you seriously that stupid?)
Takuya: (Please show mercy, please show mercy...)
Ikurou: M-Ms. Ume, I made it, right?
Umeko: I have already taken attendance.
*She snapped her whip.*
Ikurou: Geh?!
Umeko: In other words, Fukumoto Ikurou, you are late.
Ikurou: I-I'm sorry!
Umeko: I'll listen to any excuse you may have.
Ikurou: U-Um, it was really late when I woke up, so...
Umeko: So you overslept. Then there are no extenuating circumstances.
Umeko: Educational guidance!
Ikurou: Gah! It hurts!
Umeko: The pain will make you remember!
Umeko: Let this be a lesson to all of you. This is an appropriate punishment for someone who would disturb the lives of everyone in his community.
Umeko: Does it hurt, Fukumoto?! Does it?!
Ikurou: I-It hurts... It hurts! It hurts, huff, huff...
Umeko: Engrave this pain into your being so that you don't continue on this path, uncultured swine!
*The crack of her whip echoed again and again across the classroom.*
Umeko: All right. I will be merciful today and stop here.
Ikurou: ...Ugh.
Umeko: The next time you are late without a proper excuse, I will be using the weapons displayed here to give you a glimpse of Hell.
Ikurou: I-I'll be careful.
Umeko: Good. Now then. Here is this week's announcement.
Umeko: There will be a morning assembly on Wednesday, and a physical fitness test on Thursday.
Umeko: Kawakami Kazuko. Repeat what I just said.
Kazuko: Ma'am! There will be a morning assembly on Wednesday, and a physical fitness test on Thursday!
Umeko: Very good. That will be all for morning homeroom.
*Ms. Ume left the classroom, her back as straight as an arrow.*
Chika: ...Whew.
*All the tension evaporated from the room.*
Mitsuru: A-Are you all right, Fukumoto-kun? Here, eat this herb. It's good for bruises.
Ikurou: I-It hurt, but... It felt so good...
Takuya: Well, that looked pretty painful so I'll pass...
Takuya: Yet some part of me wishes I was in your shoes...
Gakuto: I was whipped once during the openin' ceremony.
Gakuto: Somehow it didn't feel so bad afterwards.
Chika: Those monkeys are so disgusting.
Chika: Pleasure from being hit? That's just stupid.
Mayo: Everyone she's whipped end up acting like that.
Mayo: Strangely, it's never been a problem.
Chika: Well, so long as it's not my personal problem, I guess it's fine.
Chika: But if that ever happens to me, the school board is never going to hear the end of it.
Yamato: That was one crazy homeroom.
Kazuko: Let me copy your homework, Yamato.
Yamato: It'll be 300 yen.
Kazuko: What's with that affordable price? It should be free!
Yamato: You can ask Class Rep, then.
Kazuko: I did, and she said no... She even got upset at me.
*She moped.*
Kazuko: I thought she'd show me every day, too.
Yamato: You're so shameless.
Kazuko: Miyako, show me yours.
Miyako: Okay. Here. Look at it all you want.
Kazuko: Yes!
Yamato: You spoil her, Miyako.
Miyako: It's fine if it's Wanko. I'd show her anything.
Yamato: Hey, what do you think of our lax school system?
Tadakatsu: Who cares. Stop trying to drag me into every little thing.
*Despite his words, he'd always reply. He really was a good guy.*
*Kawakami Academy.*
*The premier private school in Kawakami City. It had a reputation for focusing on individuality with loose rules and unique classes.*
*Academically it was decent. The finals decided everything, as there were no midterms. Saturdays were off and we were allowed to work part-time.*
*Additionally, the school was famous for its duel system, but explaining that could wait.*
*The scariest person here was our homeroom teacher, Kojima Umeko, but I tried to stay focused in all of my classes, not just hers.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
*Though certain idiots would rather sleep. However, that was their business.*
*--Lunchtime.*
Gakuto: Whooaaa! I'm quick off the line!
Ikurou: Dammit, Gakuto! Don't jump the gun!
*The ones who ate in the cafeteria sprinted off in a mad dash to that battlefield.*
Takuya: You're eating here today?
Yamato: Yeah. I had Kuma-chan buy some extra bread for me this morning.
Mitsuru: Don't you love Crusty Bakery's bread? It's flaky like pie dough and doesn't use any additives. The homestyle custard in their cream bread is superb.
Kazuko: Huh? I haven't heard that bakery's name around here.
Mitsuru: It's out in Miyamae. I went there to buy some first thing in the morning.
*Our school's top gourmet returned to his seat, satisfied.*
Kazuko: I brought a lunch, too. Lunchbox, lunchbox
Miyako: A bright red lunchbox.
Kazuko: Oh, Miyako, you went way too heavy on the spice with yours.
*Those of us who ate in the classroom took our time bringing our desks together, then taking out our lunches.*
Chika: Oh my gosh, what is that? The color's so pretty.
Mayo: It's a healthy grated radish omelet.
*Everyone was enjoying their lunch.*
Announcer: A large area of the Kanto region is under a pollen advisory today, as...
*We were allowed to watch TV during lunch, so long as we kept it on a news channel.*
Kazuko: Do you think there'll be anything interesting in the news?
*Wanko was just gulping down her second cup of milk when...*
Announcer: Our next story comes to us from Fukaya City in Saitama Prefecture.
Announcer: Yesterday at around 7 p.m., a man was arrested after leaving a restaurant without paying, thanks to the quick thinking of a local young man.
Announcer: Investigators later discovered stolen goods and evidence of similar offenses at other nearby locations. We expect to see these charges added the coming days.
Chika: A young man caught him? Do you think he's hot?
Mayo: He must be amazingly courageous.
Announcer: Kazama Shouichi, from Kawakami City in Kanagawa, said he tackled the suspect after hearing the man had eaten the last limited menu item of the day.
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Miyako: Mystic Art: Moonwalk.
*Miyako gracefully dodged the milk that spurted out of Kazuko's nose.*
Kazuko: Ah, sorry about that.
Miyako: Damage was minimized. More importantly...
Chika: Hey! Is that Kazama-kun on TV?!
Takuya: ...It couldn't be anyone else.
Yamato: He's on TV this time?
Miyako: An upgrade from the newspaper article he made it into last time.
Miyako: Of course, I'm sure this will make it into the corner of the newspaper, too.
Chika: Wow, I can't believe it! Kazama-kun, just... Wow!
Mayo: He helped arrest the criminal! He's the pride of our class!
*Everyone, especially the girls, were going crazy over him.*
Suguru: And I ask, so what? Why must you make this such a big deal? If anything, this is painful to watch.
*A lot of the guys weren't joining in on the fun.*
Mitsuru: Well, you know. He's always standing out.
Yamato: ...
Mitsuru: ...Why the long face?
Yamato: It's nothing, just a bit anxious.
Takuya: The reason Capt went after the guy is exactly what I'd expect from him.
Miyako: Given that he didn't call, he must not be aware of what he did.
Yamato: I at least hope he's not causing too much trouble for the police.
Kazuko: Do you think he's demanding the store give him free food as thanks?
Yamato: That's more in your line of thinking.
Kazuko: What gives? Do you want to fight?
Yamato: Just wipe up the milk.
Takuya: Nope, Capt's not answering his phone.
Yamato: He'll come back sooner or later.
*Kazama Shouichi, our leader and Capt, was a free spirit to a fault.*
*............*
*Nothing much happened during afternoon classes or end-of-the-day homeroom. Afterwards...*
Takuya: It's time for club.
Yamato: Yeah. We're really diligent, doing club stuff day in and day out.
Gakuto: Nice, now let's head home.
*We never missed a day in the Go-Home Club.*
Miyako: I'll be going to the archery range today.
Takuya: Oh, it's been a long time since you last went. Have fun.
Gakuto: At least greet the people there, okay? Give them a hello.
Yamato: Before we go, a guy in Class D wants me to lend him a book.
Takuya: A pet book? Wait, a book on raising hermit crabs?
Yamato: Yeah. It's a good read, and is based on real-life experiences.
Gakuto: Class D? They don't have even a single cute girl over there.
Yamato: Well, I said it was a guy.
Gakuto: Ugh. Then I shall go feast my eyes on the tennis court.
*This was, in essence, my club activity.*
*My parents had taught me that the way to get ahead in life was to make lots of acquaintances.*
*............*
*I finished my business and headed home.*
Gakuto: But there's nothing romantic about goin' home with a pair of guys.
Takuya: You're always talking about girls, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Man, I really want a girl. Don't you want one too, Yamato?
I suppose
Not really
It depends on the girl
Yamato: I mean, I'm a guy. Sure I do.
*But I wasn't as eager as him, of course.*
Yamato: No one wants to rush it and end up with the wrong girl.
*I wasn't going to lie to him and say no. I wanted to proceed cautiously.*
Yamato: It depends on the girl. You gotta think it through.
Yamato: For example, say you rush out and get yourself a girl who loves to shop.
Yamato: She'd suck your wallet dry, then dump you like an old pair of shoes.
Gakuto: Dude, I'm all for gettin' sucked dry.
Takuya: I think you misunderstood him.
Yamato: ...Well, let's put that hypothetical aside.
Yamato: What about Wanko?
Gakuto: Dude, I'm not into dogs.
Takuya: That's one way to put it.
Yamato: So what about Miyako?
Takuya: ...You don't want Miyako to hear you say that.
Gakuto: She's obsessed with you, man. I don't even think about her that way.
Gakuto: Plus, a girl's gotta have big tits.
Gakuto: And a nice guy like me deserves the biggest.
Yamato: I don't really know what she's like, but there's a cute freshman living at our dorm.
Gakuto: Freshman? Hah. I'm not into those kids. She needs to be the same grade as me or older.
Takuya: And Momo-senpai keeps turning you down...
Gakuto: What about you, Moro? How about you stop obsessing over your 2D girls and get a real woman?
Takuya: 2D girls are nice in their own way, but... I mean, sometimes I want a girlfriend, too.
Gakuto: Then you gotta learn to look a girl in the eyes when you talk to her.
Takuya: Ugh. I'm only used to doing that with the girls in our group... I feel awkward doing it with others.
Yamato: Then you've still got a long ways to go.
Gakuto: See ya. I'm off to the gym, where I will make my muscles hard as iron.
Takuya: I'm going to game. See you tomorrow.
Yamato: Bye. Maybe I'll read the book I borrowed.
Yamato: Oh yeah, I should make some money now to spend over the summer.
Cookie: What are you thinking about, Yamato?
Yamato: I'm wondering how my parents are doing on their business travels. I hope they'll increase my allowance soon.
Cookie: I've heard they're wonderful parents.
Yamato: They are. They asked me if I wanted to join them overseas, but that seems a bit... you know.
Cookie: What's wrong with going overseas? It could be the journey of a lifetime.
Cookie: Oh right, Yamato. Did you hear about Meister's--
Yamato: I know. I saw the news. He caught the guy who tried to dine and dash.
Yamato: For the love of... What do you think he's up to now?
Shouichi: Oh, welcome back, Yamato.
*...He was already back in our dorm.*
*Specifically, he was eating onion ramen in my room.*
Shouichi: Man, I thought the cops were never gonna let me go. Here, I brought this back for you.
*He handed me an onion cracker.*
Yamato: The cops? Doesn't that sort of thing drag on?
Shouichi: I say one good thing about Saitama, and then they're talkin' over each other about how they love the damn place.
Yamato: What were you even doing there?
Shouichi: A guy at my work who's from Saitama is always gushing about their onions and beef and stuff like they are the greatest food in the world.
Shouichi: So I had to try some myself, of course. I took the weekend and bolted out there on a journey.
Yamato: That makes two fans of journeys here.
Yamato: Though I thought you learned your lesson last time after you were stuck camping out under a bridge one night.
Shouichi: You know how scared I was? I woke up to this old man I'd never seen before tryin' to rip off my tracksuit.
Shouichi: Well, I managed to give him the slip, so it's all good.
Shouichi: If I ever meet that old man again, I'll give him a taste of his own medicine.
Yamato: He'd probably enjoy it.
Shouichi: Oh, shoot. It's time for work.
*He stood up, the bag full of onions in his hand.*
Yamato: Why all those onions?
Shouichi: The restaurant lady gave me them as a thank-you souvenir.
Shouichi: The rest of the ramen's all yours. See ya!
*Capt rushed out of the room.*
Yamato: Argh. My room's going to stink of ramen for days.
*But the smell was making me hungry...*
Yamato: ......  Only the broth is left?!
Yukie: Ah...
Shouichi: Welcome back. You're Nakamura-san from the second floor, right?
Yukie: N-No. I'm Mayuzumi Yukie.
Shouichi: Oh, that's it? My bad.
Shouichi: Here, lemme make it up to you with these onions.
*He took a few out of the bag and handed them to her.*
Yukie: ...Huh?
Yukie: Are these... for me?
Shouichi: Ciao!
Yukie: --What?!
Yukie: Um... Err...
Yukie: I-I can't think of the right response...
Yukie: ...Oh, he's already gone.
Yukie: But, he gave me... these onions.
Yukie: I was given a gift.
Yukie: I did it, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: You go, Mayucchi! Keep it up!
Yukie: I will!
Mrs. Shimazu: What's with all the mumbling to yourself?
Yukie: Bwuh?!
Yukie: Uh, um... Well... It's nothing!
Yukie: I-I have to go!!!
Mrs. Shimazu: The girls here are certainly an eccentric pair.
Mrs. Shimazu: Well, at least we hit the jackpot with the three boys.
*............*
*After dinner, prepared by Mrs. Shimazu on weekdays, I went to take a bath.*
*Kawakami City had done a lot of deep drilling in search of hot springs, which meant that our dorm actually had one of its own.*
*Even Nee-san and Wanko would come bathe here sometimes.*
*Unfortunately though, the women's bath was on the second floor, while the men's bath was on the first.*
*So those cliched happy moments would never actually--*
Miyako: Okay, time to take a bath.
Yamato: Hey.
Miyako: Oh, sorry. This is the wrong one.
Yamato: I know you saw me come in here.
Yamato: Well, I don't really care. I haven't taken my clothes off yet anyways!
Miyako: Tch.
*She went back upstairs.*
*The girls got to go wherever they wanted. But if I went upstairs without permission, I'd be flogged and expelled. I hear it actually happened once.*
*...The day was over.*
*My life was busy with school, studies, and play.*
*At the time, I couldn't imagine things getting crazier than this.*
*--The next day.*
*I woke up to find my childhood friend gazing at me.*
Miyako: Oh! I glanced at you while you slept and started fantasizing about how wonderful being married to you would be.
Yamato: Oh... Morning already?
Miyako: You have to get up.
Wake up
Sleep in
One part of me is definitely awake
Yamato: ...I'm sleepy, but I can force myself up.
*I got out of the futon.*
Yamato: ...Zzz...
Miyako: He's asleep again.
Miyako: Sleep tight. (She caressed my head.)
Yamato: Wake me up!
Miyako: But it would be so wonderfully wrong for us to rest here together.
Yamato: Only if you want hell to pay.
*She knew that would wake me up. She was good.*
Yamato: One part of me is definitely awake.
Miyako: Huh? Where?
Yamato: ...Uh, I don't really want to answer that.
Miyako: What part? I want to see.
Yamato: I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I'll wake up now.
*She was too good at this. She didn't even flinch.*
Cookie: C'mon, Meister. It's time to wake up.
Shouichi: No! You'll never fool me into thinking it's morning!
Cookie: What gives? Why can't you trust me just for once? I'll punish you if you don't.
Shouichi: What? Punish me?
Cookie: Yeah. Maybe next time you'll actually listen to me.
Shouichi: N-Not the electric attack again!
Cookie: This attack will whoosh right over you, like an inferno. I hope you're lucky, or else I'll have to mop your blood off the floor.
Shouichi: Whoa! All right, I'm up, I'm up!
*He was trouble first thing in the morning, too.*
*............*
*All of us, including Capt, left for school.*
Shouichi: *yawn* Anyone else wanna take a nap by the river?
Yamato: I had the same idea yesterday.
Shouichi: Then let's do it. It's not like this is an everyday thing or anything.
Takuya: It is with you, Capt.
Shouichi: What? Nobody wants to skip school with me?
Gakuto: We have first period gym today, which is my opportunity to shine.
Shouichi: There's gotta be a kindred spirit some... Hey, anybody got a whistle?
Miyako: Of course. It's a must have for any dog trainer.
Yamato: I've got one, too.
Gakuto: Me too. You've got to admit, this is pretty funny.
Shouichi: Mind calling Wanko for me?
Yamato: Okay, I'll do it.
*The whistle's sound spread towards the horizon.*
Takuya: There she is.
*Wanko had ran all the way here from afar.*
Kazuko: You called?! Oh, and good morning!
Shouichi: Yo, Wanko. Good morning.
Kazuko: Oh, even Mister Weirdly Famous is here.
Shouichi: Me? How's that?
Kazuko: I wasted some good milk because of you!
Shouichi: Who raised you to start kicking people for crazy reasons like that?
Kazuko: The Kawakami Temple raised me to let my body do the talking.
Shouichi: Oh right, yeah. Anywho, you're a good girl for coming soon. Shows you're sweet.
Kazuko: Come on. You're the ones who taught me to do this.
*We'd trained her as kind of a joke.*
Kazuko: But I came, right? So, you know...
*She looked up, her eyes full of expectation.*
Yamato: Here's a caramel.
Kazuko: This isn't nutritious enough!
Kazuko: Give me something meaty.
Shouichi: Try askin' for it in English!
Kazuko: ...English?
Kazuko: P-PLEASE MEAT IN MY MOUTH FROM MORNING!
Gakuto: You sure are stupid. How embarrassing.
Kazuko: Ahaha!: I don't want to hear that from you, Gakuto!
Takuya: It seemed pretty stupid to me.
Miyako: Truly stupid.
Kazuko: S-Stop it... Did you call me all the way here just to bully me?
Yamato: Just sit and eat the caramel, 'kay?
*I shoved it in her mouth.*
Kazuko: 'Kay! Ah, it's chewy. Ooh, this is pretty tasty.
Momoyo: Looks like everyone's here. What're you doing out on the side of the road?
Gakuto: Uh, where did this whole conversation start?
Yamato: Wanko, this is your chance for payback. Now you can call him stupid.
Kazuko: *om nom nom*
*She was chewing the caramel.*
Shouichi: The gang's all here, so off to school?
Takuya: Yeah. If we skip, we'd just have that devil Kojima staring down our backs for the rest of the year.
Gakuto: And it's only April. She's not goin' to cut us any slack in her homeroom.
Yamato: Right. Let's go.
Shouichi: Yamato, it is the captain's duty to give the command.
Shouichi: Right. All units, it's time to dance the dance of madness and blades! Wanko, you have the vanguard! Strike fear into all we pass!
Kazuko: On it! Guys, follow me!
*All seven of us set off along the river.*
*We must have looked like a normal group of old friends, but anyone who thought that would be a bit wrong. Actually, quite wrong.*
Miyako: Hm? There's someone by the bridge. They're watching us.
Momoyo: A man...? He's a martial artist.
Kazuko: Do you think he has his eye on you, Onee-sama?
Miyako: Another challenger, huh?
Momoyo: Sounds fun. Especially after how boring those guys yesterday were.
*We were fighters... Well, the girls were at least.*
*A man in a kung fu fighter's gi awaited us. Unlike the gang of thugs yesterday, he stood alone.*
Kung Fu Fighter: Are you Kawakami Momoyo-san?
Momoyo: In the flesh.
Kung Fu Fighter: I am Kumono Jyuuzou, a pursuer of martial arts.
Kung Fu Fighter: I sought to face the Kawakami Temple's renowned Master Tesshin, but he said he would not accept unless I could defeat you.
Momoyo: That's how it works.
Kung Fu Fighter: Heh heh... Heh heh heh heh, mwahahahaha!!!
Kung Fu Fighter: Then Kawakami Tesshin's legends are nothing more than rumors?!
Momoyo: Hm?
Kung Fu Fighter: Am I wrong? He must be insane to order me to fight a flower of a woman like...
Kung Fu Fighter:  ...Ah?!
Kung Fu Fighter: (Wh-What's with this girl? Now that I take a closer look, her defenses are flawless.)
Kung Fu Fighter: (And while her body looked elegant at first, she's drilled herself into unbelievably good shape!)
Kung Fu Fighter: (She may appear to be just a beauty, but I feel I can grasp the absurd limits of her strength.)
Kung Fu Fighter: I beg your pardon! That was terribly rude of me!
*He suddenly apologized, bowing deeply.*
Kung Fu Fighter: You are a martial artist. Do you accept my challenge?
Momoyo: Certainly... Heh heh heh.
*She laughed with delight.*
*She'd sensed his disposition and deemed him worthy of her true strength.*
Kung Fu Fighter: Name the time and place.
Momoyo: Right here, right now. No need to wait. I can fight in this just fine.
*Like yesterday, a crowd began to gather to watch.*
Momoyo: It's a formal match this time. Keep the crowd away.
Kazuko: All right everyone, back it up. Today's match isn't a show.
Gakuto: No spectators allowed. Go to school.
Yamato: Capt, can you step forward for me?
Shouichi: Hm?
Chika: Oh, Kazama-kun! I totally saw you on TV yesterday!
*The crowd quickly latched onto the man that had been made famous on TV yesterday.*
Takuya: Wanko, it's starting.
Kazuko: Oh! I have to watch this.
*The kung fu fighter and Nee-san had squared off, face to face, down in the riverbed.*
Kung Fu Fighter: Kieeee!
*The man screamed, his cry like a raven's, as he shifted into his stance.*
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Kung Fu Fighter: (The more I strain my eyes, the better I can see it...)
Kung Fu Fighter: (She is a monster! The strongest fighters I've crossed don't even compare! Her might is overwhelming... and she is so young...)
Momoyo: You took your stance... May I attack?
Kung Fu Fighter: What?! S-Sure.
Momoyo: Hah!
Kung Fu Fighter: Pagarll!!!
*She was like a bolt of lightning zapping parallel to the ground.*
Miyako: And there's the match.
*I turned to where the challenger had fallen, some ten meters away.*
*He'd been knocked unconscious.*
*Nee-san, meanwhile, straightened herself out and bowed to him.*
Kazuko: Did you see my Onee-sama? Did you? Did you? Isn't she amazing?
Yamato: Don't shake me! I know!
Momoyo: Hello? Yeah, it's me. There's a challenger out cold in the riverbed. Please take care of him.
Miyako: You ended it while the crowd was focused on Capt.
Momoyo: Sorry to keep ya waiting, Kawakami Children.
Gakuto: N-N-N-Nice job, Boss.
Takuya: Gakuto, no need to push it.
Momoyo: I've contacted Kawakami Temple.
Kazuko: Then they'll pick that guy up in about ten minutes or so.
Momoyo: Mm-hm. Their doctors are good. They'll take great care of him.
*She looked after the people who actually challenged her to a formal match.*
*But the jerks who just wanted a fight, they'd get a merciless beating. That was her style.*
Takuya: Another easy victory. You've never lost, have you?
Momoyo: ...Yeah, guess I haven't.
Yamato: ...?
*The joy I'd seen on her face before the battle faded away.*
Momoyo: Okay, let's go to school! Today's the radio show!
*Maybe it was nothing.*
*All seven of us crossed the Bridge of Weirdos.*
Kazuko: Toh, teh, yah! A healthy body makes for a healthy soul!
*Excited from the battle, Wanko shadowboxed as she walked in front of us.*
Shouichi: Dammit! I'm your leader, not some distraction so you can have your match.
Yamato: You're the fearless leader who puts himself on the line for his buddies.
Shouichi: Nah, it's fine. I can't get anyone to bet against Momo-senpai anyways.
Miyako: Yamato, can you come to the base today?
Yamato: Sure.
Miyako: Yamato, can I borrow that CD you got the other day?
Yamato: Sure.
Miyako: Yamato, can we start dating?
Yamato: Nope.
Miyako: Tch.
Takuya: That was too random.
Momoyo: It doesn't count if you trick him into saying it, Miyako.
*She tousled Miyako's hair.*
Miyako: He shot me down again. *sniff*
Yamato: Women sure are scary. They can fake tears at will.
Miyako: He saw through me, in spring of 2009.
Momoyo: You're so heartless, lil' bro.
Momoyo: Miyako, how about you and I make some sparks fly?
Gakuto: Wow, you're tryin' to steal her away.
Momoyo: I'll make you forget all about someone stupid enough to ignore a girl as cute as you.
Miyako: You're so cool, Momo-senpai. As cool as Mt. Fuji.
Momoyo: Yep, yep. I'm the heart of Japan.
Miyako: But my brilliant Yamato is as cool as Mt. Everest.
Momoyo: ...You're gettin' called Everest from now on.
Please give me a break
Whatever, Fuji
Yamato: Please give me a break.
Momoyo: What're you complaining about? Don't you wanna be big?
Yamato: If I'm Everest, Nee-san, then you're Fuji.
Momoyo: You better shut it.
Yamato: What was that for?!
*She'd kicked me.*
Momoyo: Who says I need to be fair to my lil' bro?
Kazuko: Everest, go buy me a piping hot croquette sandwich.
Takuya: And this is how bullying starts.
Yamato: I'm used to it... Oh, Capt, I want to ask you something. I'm thinking of getting an after-school job again.
Shouichi: I'm on it. I'm so good at finding jobs, it should be my middle name.
Yamato: Do any of them pay well?
Shouichi: There's this bone-breaking one. You get tens of thousands just for one arm.
Yamato: No way! Medical field jobs are nice, but not that nice!
Shouichi: What about this 'game' where a guy chases people around and anyone caught has to pay up?
Takuya: Is that even legal?
Shouichi: I hear they give a cash prize if more than one person is caught.
Gakuto: That's for the guy who does the chasing!
Takuya: I saw something like that online once. It's terrifying to think it's actually a thing.
Yamato: You got any normal, non-shady gigs?
*Some 30 meters behind us...*
*...one person watched the seven of us shoot the breeze.*
Freshman Girl: *sigh* They look so happy.
Freshman Girl: They do seem like interesting people, Matsukaze.
*She said to the black horse on her cell phone strap.*
Matsukaze: By interesting you mean fun or weird? It's hard to tell with those guys.
Freshman Girl: Matsukaze, don't be so rude.
Matsukaze: My bad.
Freshman Girl: We do live in the same dorm. Do you think we can become friends?
Matsukaze: You got this, Mayucchi! There's nothing you can't do. Keep an open mind and you'll gonna nail it!
*She was Mayuzumi Yukie, freshman at Kawakami Academy. Currently in search of friends.*
Loli: Mister, that girl's mumbling to herself.
Lolicon: It's rude to stare. Now, come along with me and I'll show you something nice.
Jun: Hey you. I heard that.
Lolicon: Geh.
Jun: Get lost. I may be bald, but I've got no mercy for assholes.
Lolicon: Tch. Fine. Man, life sucks. I get no respect from my coworkers or family... Even our country's turning to shit. Whatever happened to traditional values...
Jun: Little girl. Never go home with a stranger. Got it?
Loli: Okay. Thank you, Mister.
Jun: No problem.
Jun: Little girls aren't flowers to be plucked. They're to be admired.
*The Bridge of Weirdos lived up to its name once again.*
*............*
*A solemn air hung over our morning homeroom.*
Umeko: Kazama, you have no intention of taking off your bandana?
Shouichi: No. Like I said before, you can give me the lowest evaluation you can all you want.
Umeko: I'll allow it. If you are willing to sacrifice your report card, I'll turn a blind eye to your indiscretion.
Umeko: If it means that much to you.
Umeko: Now then. Next, I have some interesting news.
Umeko: A transfer student will be joining our class on Friday.
Umeko: And the student will be coming from Lubeck, Kawakami's sister city in Germany.
*A stir ran through the class.*
Umeko: Silence!
*She cracked her whip against the floor.*
Umeko: If you have questions, you will raise your hand and wait to be called on. Now, are there any?
Gakuto: Is it a girl? Is she hot? Does she have big boobs?
Chika: Is it a guy? Is he handsome? Or rich?
Kazuko: Geez, the boys could at least try to hide it.
Ikurou: You girls acted the same way.
Mayo: Ms. Kojima, which is it?
Umeko: It's a secret.
Umeko: That was a joke.
*A second, louder stir ran through the class.*
Umeko: So look forward to Friday. This ends homeroom.
*--During break.*
Gakuto: Geez, those random jokes of hers are terrifying.
Takuya: Especially because her expression never changes.
Ikurou: Hey, hey, that's so five minutes ago. We were talking about the new transfer student!
Takuya: If this was a visual novel game, they'd be a beautiful girl for sure.
Ikurou: What if she's got giant bazongas?
Ikurou: If it were up to me, I'd make her my girl and feel her up every night!
Chika: That guy's totally disgusting...
Haguro: I so wish that horny monkey would go back to the zoo where he belongs. I get some majorly creepy vibes from him.
Ikurou: I'd die before I touched you! Go creep back to the tanning salon from where you spawned from!
Haguro: You picking a fight with me? I'd so love to dye your eyes with mascara.
Takuya: Hey, hey. Let's not fight.
Chika: You were born a disgusting creature, and you can't change that, but could you at least be quiet enough so that I don't have to hear you?
Takuya: ...Err, um.
Takuya: O-Okay...
Chika: ...You never look me in the eyes when you talk, do you? I mean, whatever.
Takuya: Ugh...
Mitsuru: Lubeck, that's a fancy place. It's a port city overlooking the Baltic Sea, famous for its seafood, especially the soused herring.
Ikurou: Hey, hey, Kuma-chan. Is that pudding you're eating? That's really sexy!
Mitsuru: What do you mean?
Ikurou: Just thinking about its texture makes me feel so...
Suguru: You're far too horny. You expect far too much from the real world.
Ikurou: Ahh! I wanna shove 'it' into the hole I carved into my desk!
Gakuto: Calm down. There's plenty of time to get down to business after we confirm it's a girl!
Yamato: Those guys are going crazy over there.
Yamato: Miyako, what do you think? I mean, it's a German exchange student.
Miyako: Nothing really. (She was busy reading a book on philosophy.)
Yamato: Figures.
Yamato: Shoot. Miyako's just too cold. What do you think, Wanko?
*She sat in front of me, so naturally I pulled on her ponytail to get her attention.*
Kazuko: Wawa! Warn me before you do something like that!
Yamato: Let's talk about the transfer student.
Kazuko: I hope they're tough. I want a match!
Yamato: Figures.
Yamato: Wanko's too hot-blooded. What do you think, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: Shut it. I'm gonna sleep. Say one word to me and you're dead.
Yamato: I've never heard of this Lubeck place.
Tadakatsu: Dammit, are you even listening... I'm not here to be all buddy buddy with you.
Tadakatsu: I've heard part of the city was declared a World Heritage Site. That's all I know, so leave me alone.
*In the end, he was my buddy.*
Shouichi: A transfer student of unknown sex? This is gonna be hype.
Shouichi: Ah! I've got it!
*............*
*Wanko would often doze in her seat in front of me during class.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
Yamato: (She's sleeping again today...)
*And she wasn't quiet about it, either. I had to wake her up.*
*I yanked her ponytail.*
Kazuko: Whoa?!
Yamato: Keep quiet, you idiot.
Kazuko: What makes you think you can keep pulling my ponytail again and again?
Yamato: Maybe you were being really obvious and I didn't want you to get caught?
History Teacher: What are you all fussing about?
Yamato: Kazuko was having a nightmare.
History Teacher: Kawakami. If you need to sleep, you will do so in the nurse's office.
Kazuko: Oh, no. I'll stay here.
Yamato: Ready...
Kazuko: Hey, why are you holding on to my hair again?
Yamato: I'm going to pull it the second you fall asleep.
Kazuko: Stop it.
Yamato: I'm taking care of you.
Kazuko: F-Fine... Just don't look at me like that...
Miyako: It's 10:26 a.m. and he's training Wanko. Unacceptable.
Yamato: Don't keep a diary of this!
Yamato: So Wanko... She's a good girl, but she's not very bright. Someone has to keep her under control.
Kazuko: Zzz...
Yamato: And you're asleep already?!
*I yanked her hair, and then heard a cracking sound.*
Kazuko: Oww...
Kazuko: What gives! Can't you be more gentle about it?!
Yamato: Don't get mad at me!
History Teacher: Are you two ridiculing me, Maro?!
*Ah... I knew he was going to get pissed.*
*Well, everything would be fine so long as I sucked up to him later.*
*--Lunchtime.*
Chika: Why do you care so much about your bandana, Kazama-kun?
Shouichi: I mean, it's my trademark.
Chika: I see. Honestly, I started thinking you had a scar under there or something.
Shouichi: There's no deep meaning here. It's just my thing.
Chika: I'd love to make my hair a bit flashier, you know?
Chika: But then I'd totally be breaking school rules.
Chika: I can't ignore the school evaluation like you, Kazama-kun.
Shouichi: I wanna be an adventurer, so my grades don't matter.
Chika: Wow, that's so cool.
Mitsuru: Kazama-kun's as popular as ever.
Takuya: He's not conscious of it, though. Or rather, he's not interested.
Suguru: An adventurer...? I would consider that a romantic profession, and yet...
Suguru: If I said the same thing, I would be called a weirdo who needed to face reality. Oh, the double standards of you 3D women!
Suguru: Well, let's talk about games. Did you play G-Sen?
*I heard a tune play from the speakers.*
Listen to the radio
Don't listen to the radio
Jun: Hi everybody. Spring means love is in the air, but who wants to be crazy in love if they catch something even crazier? Time for this week's episode of Love Kawakami.
Jun: Your hosts are the bald sophomore himself -- Inoue Jun, and...
Momoyo: Life is yours to live so fight -- Kawakami Momoyo.
Jun: Today we were again flooded with mail asking for Momoyo-san's advice. Here's one letter. It reads, 'Hello Jun-san and Momoyo-san.' Hello listener--
Momoyo: Hey, skip the intro and get to the question, Baldie.
Jun: 'There's this girl I fell in love with. How should I act towards her?'
Momoyo: Send her my way. I'll test her out.
Jun: She's serious, by the way, so be careful out there.
Jun: Okay, next one. 'I love you, Momo-senpai. Please go out with me!'
Momoyo: Oh. Don't write a letter -- ask me directly.
Jun: Next. 'Momoyo-san, what movies do you like?'
Momoyo: Action movies and nothing else.
Jun: I have no idea why this radio show is popular.
Momoyo: Your turn, Baldie. What movies do you watch?
Jun: I guess movies where children have the lead roles. I can just kick back and chill.
Momoyo: That's kind of a dangerous statement, Baldie.
Jun: It's not! I watch those adorable kids like how a father would. There's nothing wrong or dangerous about it!
Jun: The real problem here is that everyone is so quick to throw around the word 'lolicon'. There's nothing wrong with wanting to bathe with kids. My heart is pure.
Momoyo: Cool it, Baldie! : *Smack!*
Momoyo: ...Oh, he's out cold. Ah well. I'll play a song.
*The show was a disorganized mess.*
*Apparently, Nee-san had been asked to do it because she was so funny.*
*The show was just a soapbox for Nee-san, so I didn't really care about it.*
*Apparently, Nee-san had been asked to do it because she was so funny.*
Chika: Kazama-kun, do you want to go have tea with me today?
Chika: We could talk about your dreams, and who knows what else.
Shouichi: I've got stuff to do.
Chika: Do you know Knuckleberries, the store in the underground mall? There's so many good desserts there.
Shouichi: I said I'm busy. Besides, I'm saving my money.
Chika: Oh, if that's all, then it'll be my treat! I'm the one inviting you, anyways.
Shouichi: Huh, really? You're sayin' I can eat anything?
Chika: Yep.
Shouichi: Then that changes everything. Of course I'm going!
Chika: (Aw yeah! He's mine!)
*............*
*--After school.*
Takuya: I'm stopping by the arcade with Suguru.
Suguru: SFV cabinets are there. As a Zangorilla main, I must be there.
Yamato: Roger that. I think I'll pass today.
Gakuto: Gah. I'm out of protein.
Kazuko: You can have some of mine.
Gakuto: You train for agility, while I train for strength. Our protein bars are completely different.
Kazuko: Oh, now that you mention it, that's true.
Yamato: You've trained a lot, Wanko, but you don't look anything like a musclehead.
Kazuko: Well, I need to win with speed more than strength, especially given my figure.
Yamato: Yeah. Especially given your figure.
Kazuko: It sounds malicious when you say it!
Yamato: I told you not to kick me!
Gakuto: Oh well. I'll go get some from the judo clubroom.
Yamato: He's a tough guy, in more ways than one.
Yamato: Huh? Capt's gone?
*The girls' bathroom.*
Haguro: Really? Chikarin, you're goin' for it? You're gonna nail Kazama?
Chika: He's one of Kawakami Academy's Elegante Quattro. I won't let such an excellent guy slip out of my hands! I'll hunt him, and bring in the kill!
Haguro: I prefer Minamoto. That wild bull can fuck me any day.
Chika: Heh heh. And I already know how to win his heart.
Haguro: If you get him to fall for you, you'd be, like, the coolest.
Chika: Come dawn, I'll be drinking victory coffee.
Chika: Oh, by the way, Elegante Quattro means the Handsome Four.
Haguro: Who're you explaining that to, Chikarin?
*............*
Miyako: So in the end, it's just you and me going straight home.
Yamato: You're going to the base, right? I'll go out there with you.
Miyako: Go out?!
*She blushed.*
Yamato: Maybe I should go home after all.
Miyako: I'm joking.
Miyako: I think a few others are coming by later, like Moro.
*We hit the road home, just the two of us.*
Miyako: I need to go shopping first, for stronger equipment.
Yamato: Then let's head towards the station.
*We trotted down the path.*
*Kawakami City.*
*Located in southern Kanto, it boasted the 9th highest population in the country.*
*To the north flowed the Tama River, separating the city from Tokyo Prefecture. To the east stretched Tokyo Bay.*
*The city had prospered since the Edo era, and was the home to many military families. The nearby river is said to have been named after their many horses.*
*There were still some tranquil residential areas, but thanks to Tokyo's proximity, the station area had become gentrified over the last few decades.*
*The area surrounding the station was packed day and night, while in the lowlands by the Tama River rested a serene rural area.*
*On the reclaimed shores of Tokyo Bay, the city's heavy industrial zone was spread.*
*Kawakami Temple was itself a famous martial arts headquarters, and many brave souls would come to challenge its leaders.*
*All of that served to explain why so many here the blood of warriors running through their veins.*
*That included Nee-san, Kawakami Momoyo.*
Miyako: I'm done shopping.
Yamato: I'll carry your bags.
Miyako: I also bought some meat buns. Do you want one?
Yamato: Not if you sprinkle that spice onto them!
Miyako: But they're better when they're spicy. It makes it shoot through your brain.
*Miyako was a warrior as well.*
*Her amazing archery skills came from long years of practice with the bow.*
*All the girls in our group of friends were trained warriors, which is strange when you think about it.*
Yamato: ...How was club yesterday?
Miyako: Boring.
Yamato: I see...
*And in one corner of this city, near the banks of the Tama River, stood a single abandoned building.*
*It was modern, but the owners purchased it just as the bubble began to burst. With the economic downturn, the business soon went under.*
*The soon-abandoned building was the only evidence left that they had ever existed.*
*That was when we found it, and knew it could be the secret base we had been looking for.*
Yamato: From out here, it might look completely sealed off, but if we look closer...
Miyako: There's one door in the back you can go in from.
Yamato: Okay, let's start today's security detail.
*The owner, as best we could tell, was a wealthy landowner in Tenjin, Fukuoka.*
*After how long the building had been abandoned, he no longer cared about the property.*
*However, all buildings required some maintenance. Conveniently there was a rarely-used system in place to pay locals to monitor abandoned properties.*
*That was where we came in.*
Miyako: There's no problem on the first floor.
Yamato: Not that there ever has been a problem.
Miyako: Hide behind me if something does happen, okay?
Yamato: Hahaha, okay. I'll take you up on that. Put your life on the line so I get out without a scratch.
Miyako: Okay.
Miyako: ...Ah? What's that?!
Yamato: Did something happen?!
Miyako: What did you hope to accomplish by jumping in front of me? You're the one behind, remember?
Yamato: Oh... Damn it, you tricked me.
Miyako: That's why I love you.
Yamato: ...Let's stay friends.
*We were checking to see if anyone had snuck inside. We would also clean from time to time.*
*In return, we were allowed to use the place as our secret base.*
*Luckily, the landowner was part of the Shimazu family. In other words, one of Gakuto's relatives.*
*He happily accepted this special relationship.*
*With one of us being the successor to the Kawakami Temple, security for the building was sure to be flawless.*
Miyako: You thoroughly checked the owner of the building as well?
Yamato: Well, sure. Even though it's just our secret base, and was legal and all, we'd have hell to pay if we got mixed up with the wrong sort of people.
Miyako: And they wouldn't expect students to maintain the place, either.
Yamato: It's now more than just a secret base.
*There weren't even signs of anyone nearby, which was just what you wanted for a hideout.*
*We were also lucky that all the girls were physically strong.*
Miyako: We're all clear up to the fifth floor. We've arrived at our destination.
*The fifth floor of this building was our secret base.*
*We'd cleaned the inside and brought in our personal belongings.*
*It didn't have electricity, but, strangely enough, it did have running water.*
Cookie: My oh my. Welcome, you two.
*Our handy robot would often spend his days here.*
Cookie: I've cleaned this room from top to bottom. I love having everything look pretty.
Yamato: Thanks as always. You're a nice, super robot.
Cookie: Never forget how to give honest compliments like that, Yamato.
Cookie: Next, I'm going to clean the rooftop.
Miyako: Cookie did the cleaning, so...
*Miyako took some books out of her bag and began setting them up on the shelf.*
Yamato: Are those new volumes in a novel series?
Miyako: Yeah. They're Kitakata-san's historical novels. You should read them.
Yamato: You have some refined tastes...
*I sat down on the sofa and relaxed.*
*Capt had gotten us the furniture here from a thrift shop he'd been working at when it shut its doors.*
*As I sipped at the tea I'd bought earlier, I gazed up at the ceiling.*
Yamato: This place really is relaxing...
Miyako: I like how it's cut off from the outside world.
*Miyako began changing the batteries in the lamps.*
Miyako: Hey Yamato, they're about to start the career survey.
Yamato: Yeah. I guess I'll be going to college, first off.
Miyako: I think I'll become a housewife.
Yamato: Zzz...
Miyako: No pretending to be asleep.
Miyako: But you could pretend to sleep with me.
Yamato: That's a little too different.
Miyako: But you know... It's like...
*She moved on to polishing the lamps.*
*When it came to maintaining our base, Miyako never slacked off.*
Miyako: Our world's going to keep expanding, with college and work and everything that comes after.
Yamato: That got pretty big, talking about our world and all.
Miyako: It makes life seem so exhausting.
Yamato: ...I know.
Miyako: When all I want is to be here, with everyone...
Miyako: Why does everything have to get so complicated?
Miyako: None of us asked to become adults.
Yamato: You're right. Personally, I'm going to make the best of it!
Miyako: You're so reliable. I'll have you protect me.
Yamato: ...Zzz...
Miyako: Can I ask you something deeper?
Yamato: Sure you can.
Miyako: Have you ever thought about what you would like to be if you were reborn?
Yamato: A panda. I want to eat bamboo all day while people spoil me.
Miyako: I'd like to be a fish living in a fishbowl. In there a married couple could have the whole place to themselves.
Miyako: It would be so much fun! We'd get fed together and idly swim through our small confines.
Yamato: Dreams like that are why I worry about you.
Miyako: That was the part where you were supposed to cry.
Yamato: And now I'm scared.
Takuya: Ah... I lost. Everyone who comes to the arcade these days is incredibly high-level.
Miyako: Oh, I knew you'd come.
Takuya: A few new volumes of manga did come out.
*He lined the manga on the bookshelf.*
Miyako: We could bring in Cookie and play mahjong?
Yamato: Oh, how scandalous.
Takuya: I'm sorry, but I'm going to go home. I'll be back on Friday.
Cookie: Whew, the cleaning is done. Shall I put on some music for you?
Miyako: Something moody, please.
Cookie: Hm hmm Hm hm hmm
Miyako: Don't hum it. Play a CD.
Cookie: I sing just for you, and that's your response?!
Cookie 2: Unacceptable. Cookie, the greatest robot the world has ever seen, stands before you. Looks like you need to learn some manners, little girl.
Yamato: Stop transforming over every little thing!
*He played for us a slow, calming melody.*
*Background noise for while we idled the day away.*
*Though nobody said much of anything, it was pleasant all the same.*
*But this was nothing compared to the experiences we had here during our Friday Meetings...*
*--Morning, on our way to school.*
Kazuko: Huh? There's no one here to challenge Onee-sama today.
Momoyo: It's not like that happens every day.
Kazuko: It's too bad you can't challenge people yourself.
Momoyo: Yeah, but Gramps had to say no.
Tesshin: What is this I hear about Gramps?
Kazuko: Wah! When did you get here, Grandpa?
Yamato: Good morning, Principal.
Tesshin: Good morning. Thank you for always looking after my grandchildren.
Momoyo: There's a morning assembly today. Don't you have preparing to do, Gramps?
Tesshin: Show some respect at least while you're wearing your uniform, goofus.
Tesshin: Eh, I can't stay angry at my cute granddaughter.
Gakuto: Unbelievable. Our school is totally unbelievable.
Tesshin: You still workin' on getting a girlfriend, Shimazu? You're too blunt. Go polish up that tongue of yours if you want a girl.
Gakuto: No one asked you.
Miyako: ... *ignore*
Tesshin: You're as sullen as ever, Shiina.
Tesshin: Do you want to have tea with me? Some buoyant conversation should bring a smile to your face.
Miyako: Heh... You must be joking.
Tesshin: Hoho. If you looked like that all the time, the guys would be falling over themselves for you.
*The principal of Kawakami Academy then floated away as quickly as he had appeared.*
Gakuto: No tires today, Wanko?
*We picked back up our conversation as if nothing had happened.*
*Strange old men were no uncommon occurrence on the Bridge of Weirdos.*
Kazuko: Hey stupid, don't start underestimating me!
*Wanko took off one of her wristbands.*
Takuya: Whoa, this is heavy!
Kazuko: I thought I'd challenge myself to some heavy ones today.
Kazuko: Aren't I amazing? If you're gonna praise me, now's the time to do it!
*I opened up the book I always carried with me. --Dog Training so Easy Even a Politician Can Do It--*
*It says to reward your dog when you are proud of it. All right, let's try that.*
Yamato: Yeah, you're such a good girl. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Oh, you don't have to say that...
*She looked delighted.*
Momoyo: But mornings without any challengers are so boring.
Momoyo: I guess I'll mess with Yamato to kill time.
*I tried to run, but before I could, she caught me in a bear hug from behind.*
Momoyo: Here, I'll carry you in my arms.
Yamato: Please stop it, Nee-san! This is too embarrassing!!!
Momoyo: Heh heh heh. This is how siblings communicate.
Momoyo: Can't you feel yourself driven to devote yourself to me?
Yamato: The only thing being driven into me is a stake through my heart!
*She didn't listen.*
Shouichi:  While strolling through the park one day-
Takuya: You're in a good mood.
Shouichi: 'Course I am. You should've seen the food I had yesterday!
Kazuko: Was it delicious? Tell me more!
Shouichi: It was all Chikarin's treat. I pigged out down in the underground shopping mall.
Takuya: How'd that happen?
Shouichi: Don't ask me. She's the one who talked me into it.
Miyako: Are you certain she wasn't simply asking you out on a date?
Shouichi: Dunno. She was chatting about something, but my mind was on the food. I'm still a growing boy after all.
Gakuto: Dude, c'mon! That's not the kind of eatin' you should've been doing!
Shouichi: I wanted to bring you guys along, but Chikarin said no.
Miyako: That's not surprising.
Shouichi: If I had to choose between cheesecake and chocolate cake, I'm going with chocolate.
Yamato: No one asked.
Kazuko: I'd side with cheesecake! Viva la leche!
Yamato: Don't encourage him.
Momoyo: Maybe I should teach you a lesson on behalf of girls everywhere.
*Nee-san stepped forward, grinning.*
Shouichi: Geh?! Hey... Wait! You're just lookin' for a fight, aren't you?!
Momoyo: That's part of it, yeah. Honestly, it's part and parcel!
Shouichi: You gotta be kidding me!
*Capt was quick on his feet, but... this just wasn't his day.*
Momoyo: Hahaha! Wait up, you!
*She happily chased after him.*
Shouichi: Gaahhh! Help meeeee!!!
Kazuko: What a heartwarming scene.
Takuya: Yeah, except maybe the part where Capt's running for dear life.
*It was just a normal part of our peaceful walk to school.*
Chika: So yeah, it didn't work.
Mayo: Don't let it get to you, Chika-chan.
Chika: I can't believe he paid so little attention to me.
Mayo: He is a free spirit.
Chika: But, it's like, that totally lit a fire under me.
Chika: There's no way I'm letting him fall for anyone else.
Mayo: Oh, you're fired up. Like a love hunter.
Haguro: So Chikarin, it sounds like he doesn't care about you. After all the effort you put into it, it kinda makes you look stupid.
Chika: Hey, don't tell everyone!!!
Haguro: Oh, my bad. I just can't keep my mouth shut, aha!
Chika: Geez... This is a dent on my record.
Yamato: Yo.
Chika: Oh, Naocchi. Morning.
Yamato: You should know Momoyo-senpai punished Capt.
Chika: Oh, you heard about it? Geez.
*She shot a smile in my direction.*
*Damn, she was hot.*
*Her name was Ogasawara Chika. She was popular among the guys, and occasionally, she'd even be featured in fashion magazines.*
*She was friendly and easy to talk to, so we'd chat all the time, but...*
Ikurou: Yo, Blondie. I hear you made a move on Kazama and got shot down.
Suguru: Stop bawling. Learn your lesson from this, and cease poking your nose in everything.
*A number of people, both boys and girls, hated her.*
Chika: Yuck! Seeing a monkey and a nerd together is like the creepiest thing ever.
Ikurou: Heh. What happened to being down in the dumps, bimbo?
Chika: Hmph.
*But that didn't bother her. If anything, she gave it as good as she got it.*
*Girls these days sure were tough...*
Chika: Seriously, all the boys our age are such brats.
Yamato: Capt's just like that, for better or worse.
Chika: Kazama's a good brat. It's the monkey and nerd that I can't stand.
Yamato: And me?
Chika: A grown brat. I mean, you got that mature, reliable side of you.
Yamato: That's a weird way to put it.
*............*
*This morning the classroom was in an uproar.*
Mayo: Everyone! We have a morning assembly today!
Mayo: Let's all gather at the schoolyard so we're not late.
*She was Amakasu Mayo-san, the class rep.*
*It was her job to manage all of us troublemakers.*
*No one had wanted the job at the start of the semester, so she volunteered. You had to admire that.*
Mayo: We need to go now.
*Everyone kept chattering away.*
*No one could hear her over the sound of their own voices.*
Mayo: Everyone! Can you hear me?
Mayo: I was born on April 10th.
Mayo: In other words, even though we're in the same year, I am older than all of you.
Mayo: That's why I volunteered to be the class rep.
Mayo: So please listen to me.
*Everyone kept chattering away.*
Mayo: ...Mmngh!
Yamato: Oh, shoot. Hey, everyo--
Chika: Okay! Everyone! Let's go out to the schoolyard!
Chika: You'll have to deal with that devil, Ms. Kojima, if you're late!
Kazuko: Oh, right. Grandpa did say we'd have a morning assembly.
Kazuko: Hey, Miyako! Wanna race there?
Miyako: All right. Ready, set, go!
Kazuko: I'm the wind! Nobody can stop me now!
Miyako: She's a little bundle of energy. I wonder, was I ever like that?
Yamato: You've always been like that. Also, go run with her.
Yamato: Look here, at my book. It says you have to play with your dog if you don't want it to pout.
Mayo: Chika-chan, thank you. You're a lifesaver.
Chika: I'd do anything for you, Mayo.
Haguro: Huh? Then you'd do anything for me, too?
Chika: As if.
Mayo: Okay, Chika-chan. We should go to the schoolyard, too!
Chika: Okay!
*The two seemed to have nothing in common, but they were in fact the closest of friends.*
Mayo: I put a lot of work into today's lunch, so look forward to it.
Chika: Seriously? Wow, I wonder what's in it.
*Class Rep would even make Ogasawara-san's lunch.*
*Watching them brought a smile to my face.*
Ikurou: Hey Blondie, what happened to going outside?
Chika: I said we're going. So come on, get moving!
Ikurou: Sh-She said she's 'going to come'. Huff, huff.
Suguru: Enough pointless drivel. Let us depart already.
Ikurou: I'm gonna stop by the bathroom first.
Takuya: They say some people think with their second head, but he really takes it to another level.
Shouichi: Yamato, I got a great idea. Lemme run it by you.
Yamato: You survived being chased by Nee-san?
Shouichi: That hurt. I apologized, and she still didn't let me go.
*Even Capt wasn't quick enough to outrun her.*
Shouichi: It makes no sense. All I did was let her buy me food.
Yamato: The only one who doesn't make sense here is you.
Shouichi: Forget that. Here's how I'm gonna get rich.
Yamato: How about you tell me while we head outside?
Yamato: What...? Oh. And then you'd...
Yamato: ...I think I got it. We can do an experiment, and maybe make a few yen in the process.
*--The schoolyard.*
*Every Wednesday morning we had an assembly where the principal addressed all the students.*
*The principal -- that old man from earlier -- tottered out onto the stage.*
Tesshin: I see quite a few sleepy faces. Especially amid the freshmen.
Tesshin: Well, it is early. I could appreciate how much effort it took to come all this way simply to hear me talk.
Tesshin: Or I could give you the tongue-lashing you rightly deserve!
Tesshin: You sluggards! Kaaaah!!!
*The very air around us trembled.*
*The slouchers quickly straightened their backs.*
Tesshin: It seems everyone's ready to listen. Good, good.
*The sophomores and seniors were used to this, but the freshmen were caught off-guard.*
Tesshin: You see, none of you have to study if you don't want to.
Tesshin: It's mid-April. It's natural to get ya head blown from all that studying. If you don't wanna, that's cash money yo.
Tesshin: Heh heh. I'm trying some of that new hip lingo.
*I don't think 'hip' really described it.*
Tesshin: But you'll only get one chance at this academy. Do what you want, within reason.
Tesshin: The winners are the ones who enjoy life.
Tesshin: ...But do you feel that hunger?
Tesshin: A hunger for honor? For money? For power?
Tesshin: Or for a man or a woman? Aren't you hungry for that?
Tesshin: If you are, then good. That's how it should be.
Tesshin: Keep wanting and let that hunger grow within you.
Tesshin: Work hard so that you can grasp it.
Tesshin: Compete, driving yourself and your rivals to new heights.
Tesshin: We have the duel system for that reason. Use it if you need a decisive outcome.
Tesshin: You must seize hold of your goal, whatever it is.
Tesshin: The joy of victory is addictive. It makes life more fun. I recommend it.
Tesshin: The key to success is not in dreams, but ambition.
Tesshin: That said, hunger alone leaves you no different than a beast.
Tesshin: So it is my wish that you find balance between your instinct and reason, and lead a fun life.
Tesshin: Those who hunger for nothing, who would prefer a normal life, that too has its merits. Your spirit may rot, but that is one way to live.
Tesshin: But even that life needs education and fitness. Now is your opportunity to study and train.
Tesshin: To the young faces I see before me, I hope you find your ambition and stay hungry.
Tesshin: That is all. You can put your fan letters in the suggestion box.
*And so he left the stage.*
*His speeches were always like that. He wanted to keep reminding us how important it was to push each other to new heights.*
*They say that he used to be unbelievably strong.*
*How strong exactly, I had no idea.*
*............*
*--Meanwhile, in America.*
President: ...So, is Kawakami still in good health?
Prime Minister: Yeah, he's still doing great.
President: You know, Japan still having that old man around is like it's in possession of a nuclear weapon.
Prime Minister: Maybe back in the day, but he's long since retired.
President: There are others in your country equally formidable...
President: But Kawakami is essentially their master. He's the one to fear.
President: I hear he's running a school nowadays...
President: I pray that his students never become as strong as he is.
Prime Minister: That would be physically impossible. Tesshin's only passing on his wisdom and figurative spirit.
Prime Minister: Says he wants to raise a generation of ambitious youth.
President: A new generation of samurai...
President: Well, then there's nothing to worry about. Heh heh heh...
Prime Minister: Still, that old coot's lookin' no different than he did the day I was born. It's remarkable.
President: Wow! But how? Some kinda Ninjutsu? That's just terrifying.
*............*
*--Lunch break.*
Yamato: Capt, we were right. There's still no information out there on the transfer student's gender.
Shouichi: Sweet. Let's get this party started. Let's nail this, and not get nailed.
Shouichi: Hey guys, listen up! You know the transfer student?
Shouichi: They're shrouded in mystery. We don't even know their gender.
Shouichi: So why don't we gamble on if it's a guy or a gal? I got the betting slips all ready.
Mayo: Hey, hey!
*Mayo came running over.*
Mayo: As I told you before, you shouldn't gamble.
Mayo: You should appreciate the value of mon--
Gakuto: Out of the way, Class Rep. It's dangerous. : (He snatched her up.)
Mayo: Wawawa!
Mayo: Don't pick up your class rep! (She struggled to free herself.)
*Tons of students, guys and girls both, rushed close to Capt.*
Ikurou: Ah, nice. You gonna be the bookie?
Shouichi: Yeah. I ain't taking any fees. Just bet on boy or girl.
Suguru: What is the price and what is the payoff?
Shouichi: They're a thousand yen a pop, and they pay out double. Fair, right?
Chika: Okay, count me in! I want three for boy!
Shouichi: 'Kay. I work a ton, so don't worry about me covering any losses.
Haguro: I'm so buying five for boy!
Shouichi: Wow, that's a lot. Thanks for the business. By the way, the limit's 10,000 yen.
Haguro: Oh my gosh, I touched Kazama when I got the tickets.
Chika: But don't you feel like we've got this?
Haguro: Rumor has it the transfer student's a boy. That 10,000 yen is mine.
Tadakatsu: Ugh... This is stupid... But I ain't sayin' no to makin' money.
Kazuko: Hey, Tactician Yamato, which answer is right?
Yamato: Don't ask me. My advice is to quit.
Kazuko: Oh, really? Then I won't bet.
Kazuko: I barely get an allowance. Any loss would hurt far too much.
Haguro: Oh, Wanko, you're not gonna bet? That's so lame.
Kazuko: I'll do it!!! Give me one for girl!
Shouichi: Oh. You sure about the money, Wanko?
Yamato: You're too easily provoked. Well, it's less an allowance and more the money you worked for, so it's your choice. Miyako, are you in?
Miyako: I know you're plotting something, so no.
Yamato: Hm hmm (I feigned ignorance.)
Suguru: Okay, okay, I'll make a prediction. But first, 100 yen.
Takuya: Suguru, are you sure you want to do this?
Mitsuru: Um, I think I would like to hear your prediction.
Ikurou: Yeah, he can really hit the nail on the head sometimes.
Suguru: First of all, the girls outnumber the boys by one in our class.
Suguru: That would increase the probability of a guy.
Mitsuru: Oh, right. That's simple but key info, too.
Suguru: Kazama, you fool. The majority will bet correctly, and your money will be theirs. Heh heh heh heh.
*A crowd had formed in front of Capt.*
*Call it mob psychology or whatever you want, but once one person bought in, everyone else wanted to join.*
*By the end, nearly everyone in the class had bought at least one ticket.*
Shouichi: That sold like hotcakes. Good thing I spent all night making those slips.
Shouichi: I'm accepting bets till school lets out today, guys!
Kazuko: This slip's really well made.
Miyako: Copy protection, yes. You have to put a lot of work into these things.
Kazuko: Wow, the tickets are even numbered!
Miyako: Is he going to make a profit?
Mayo: Ohhhhh, everybody's turning into bad kids.
Gakuto: They were already bad kids. That's why it was easy to get them to gamble.
Mayo: But as the class rep, I should--
Gakuto: Don't worry, you're doin' great.
Gakuto: All right, I shall purchase a ticket, too.
Mayo: I have to at least save you from walking down the road to delinquency.
Mayo: I'll stop you even if I have to grab onto you and dig in my heels.
Gakuto: Hey Capt, give me three for girl!
Mayo: Wawawawa!
Yamato: Hey, hey, Gakuto, you're dragging Class Rep behind you!
Gakuto: Huh? O-Oh, sorry! I didn't notice.
Mayo: Oooh...
Yamato: Are you all right, Class Rep?
Mayo: Oh, yes. I am the class rep after all.
Mayo: Nevertheless... I wish it weren't like this.
Yamato: Well, it's just gambling. Turn a blind eye to it, would you?
Mayo: But Naoe-chan, you stayed out of it.
Mayo: You're one of the good ones.
*Oh, she praised me!*
Yamato: Gakuto, why'd you bet on the transfer student being a girl?
Gakuto: Because that route is where dreams lie. Heck, please let them be a girl.
Yamato: ...There's nothing scarier than good instincts.
*Our sixth period class today was a little different. It was practical philosophy.*
*People who'd experienced full lives would come in and talk about what had helped them get where they were.*
Kyojin: Hello. This old fart is back again today.
Kyojin: Anyone who's sleepy, go ahead and take a nap. So let's get started.
*He was Usami Kyojin, the middle-aged homeroom teacher of Class 2-S. His normal job was running an agency in the city.*
*He became an instructor after catching the principal's eye one day. In any case, it was a fun class.*
Kyojin: Well, I work at an agency but that's just a fancy way of saying handyman shop. We do anything.
Kyojin: It's an interesting line of work, in its way. Anyways, the career survey starts up next week.
Chika: Your introduction's taking forever.
Ikurou: Get to the point already.
*Even us students would criticize him.*
Kyojin: ...A lot of students choose to work straight outta high school these days. I guess we'll talk about the mindset you need to do that.
Kyojin: Here's a problem. Let's say you're interviewing at some company that makes retail products, and they ask you this...
Kyojin: 'Do you wanna make a product that sells? Or do you wanna make one that leaves an impression?'
Kyojin: What's the correct answer, given this is an interview? All right, talk it out.
Kazuko: A product that sells, of course.
Chika: Huh? But wouldn't a product that leaves an impression be way better?
Takuya: A good impression could lead to more sales in the future.
Gakuto: Heck, it would get you repeat customers, right?
Mitsuru: True. I go back to the restaurants that leave a good taste in my mouth.
Mayo: It may be hard to accept, but it has to be something that sells in the first place.
Ikurou: Oh, Class Rep, you're such a realist.
Suguru: If we're to be employed there, we must say we'd do anything for sales.
Tadakatsu: I think it depends on what they're selling. But, in the end, you want something that sells.
Kyojin: Naoe, what do you say?
*I went with...*
A product that leaves an impression
A product that sells
A product that sells and leaves an impression
Yamato: Like Gakuto said, the product will keep selling if it makes an impression.
Yamato: I also think it should sell, but let's go with a product that leaves an impression.
Kyojin: ...It depends on the person, but for this company, that strategy's wrong.
Yamato: Ah... I thought so.
Kyojin: Morooka said that it would get you repeat customers, but there has to be a first sale. That's what's important. Well, if you want to work there.
Yamato: We're working with finished goods, right? So it has to sell, period.
Kyojin: That's the right answer for this company. The other's wrong.
Yamato: Well, that makes sense.
Kyojin: But there's still a perfect answer out there.
Shouichi: You're free to say you can make something that'll sell and leave an impression, right?
Kyojin: Exactly. The question gave you only two choices, but you can always think outside the box.
Yamato: A product has to sell, but if I'm selling something, I also want it to leave an impression!
Shouichi: Oh, that's my answer too.
Kyojin: That's the best way to go about it. Answer the question, and give your reasoning too.
Gakuto: I knew that was the right answer all along. This is no surprise.
Takuya: Yeah, sure you did.
Kyojin: It's not that the answer is right or wrong. Instead, it's the answer that they want to hear during an interview.
Mayo: So you mean, even if the question only has two choices, we can always give a third answer?
Kyojin: Be flexible. Bend, but be firm.
*He continued with several more real-life interview questions, then ended the class.*
*These conversations were pretty fun. They were like the activities we'd do back in elementary school.*
Kyojin: There's no homework. Enjoy your school life.: Bye.
Ikurou: Hold on, Beardy!
Kyojin: What? I'm not dealing with any questions.
Ikurou: Do you know that there's a student transferring to our class this week?
Kyojin: Ah... The one from Germany, right? Be nice to them. Memories like those matter. Without 'em and you'll end up like this old man.
Ikurou: Do you know if they're a boy or a girl?
Kyojin: Huh? What about it?
Ikurou: Our class is taking bets on it right now.
Kyojin: I see. So of course, you want the info.
Ikurou: Please, tell me.
Kyojin: Sure, I could supply that for you. (He subtly held out his hand.)
Ikurou: What's your hand reaching for?
Kyojin: You're slow, kid. Money. I'm looking for cash. 3000 yen to put bread on my table.
Ikurou: That's... Don't hit me up for money! You wanna start a scandal?!
Kyojin: Information has a fee. Look, the world's not about love and peace. It's about give and take. This is a lesson for you.
Ikurou: Gh... At least I'll make money in the end...
Ikurou: You sure about the info?
Kyojin: Mostly. But it's up to you in the end.
Ikurou: ...Fine. I'll pay up.
Kyojin: Mm, thanks. I'll be having cherries tonight.
Ikurou: Ch-Cherries... Popping some cherries... Huff, huff...
Kyojin: You're a weird one. Anyway, it'll be a man.
Ikurou: A guy...? There goes my boner. I guess I'll get rich at least.
Ikurou: But won't they get suspicious if I suddenly bet big?
Kyojin: Oh, everyone gets their info and then bets big. There's nothing illegal about it.
Ikurou: Y-You're right! Okay! You were a big help, Beardy!
Kyojin: (Heh, I actually don't know. But I overheard a girl in another class say it would be a guy.)
*............*
*Capt, Miyako, and I headed home together after school.*
Yamato: Yep, we got a lot of people to bet on 'boy'.
Shouichi: Heh. Your rumor plan totally worked.
Shouichi: While our investigation this morning already told us it's a girl.
Yamato: With that information in hand, it'd be wrong not to make money.
Miyako: What did you do?
Yamato: All we had to do was spread rumors in other classes that it's a guy.
Yamato: We let it loose during the morning assembly, meaning it was sure to make it back to our class by lunch.
Miyako: So that's why so many people were confident it would be a boy.
Yamato: Plus, some simply concluded the transfer student would be a guy because there's more girls in class.
Shouichi: The more people miss, the more money we rake in.
Yamato: I didn't want to get caught or stand out, so I stayed out of it.
Shouichi: Miyako, you see what kind of guy Yamato is? And you still want him?
Miyako: He's so amazingly devious. *blush*
Shouichi: Well... Some guys didn't get tricked by the rumor and got info themselves. That's probably why Gen-san showed up at the end and plopped his yen on 'girl'.
Yamato: Those guys can share some of our profits.
Shouichi: You got it all figured out. That's why you're the brains of our Family.
Yamato: I'll take 50%.
Shouichi: Welp, what game's next?
Miyako: Oh no. Should I reveal your plans to everyone?
Yamato: Hey.
Miyako: If you don't want me to tell... You're a man. You should know what I want.
Yamato: I have no idea. I can never follow your crazy thoughts.
Miyako: Even if it's small, I won't laugh. Though I may give you an awkward stare.
Yamato: And what are you blurting out now?
Shouichi: Keep her under control. By the way, what's small?
Miyako: Junior.
Shouichi: Georgia?
Miyako: Lend me your ear. You see...
Yamato: Stop it. Don't corrupt him. Let him stay pure.
Miyako: Are you jealous of how close Capt and I are?
Shouichi: Oh, my bad. Sorry 'bout that, Yamato.
Yamato: Gh... Stop messing with me.
Shouichi: Wanna grab a bite on Nakamise Way?
Miyako: Goodness me. Thank you for the food.
Yamato: ...I knew it would turn out like this.
*--Kawakami Temple, Nakamise Way.*
*The road led straight to the Kawakami Temple's entrance, and was lined with specialty stores and souvenir shops built to have an old-fashioned feel.*
*You could find all sorts of things here, like lucky daruma dolls, local kuzumochi, candy, rice crackers, pickled vegetables, and more.*
Yamato: There's lots of dessert cafes, and it's popular among both tourists and locals.
Miyako: Who are you talking to?: You confuse me, but I love you.
Shouichi: Oh! Hey hey, check out that.
*We looked where he was pointing. There, in front of a dessert cafe...*
Cute Girl: Here. Say 'ah'.
Momoyo: Aaahh... *nom nom*
Momoyo: Mmm, it tastes even better when you feed me.
Cute Girl: Tehehe. Here, have another.
Momoyo: Okay. Ahh... *nom nom*
*Nee-san was flirting with another girl.*
Momoyo: Hm? Oh, it's my friends. Then it's time for me to get going.
Cute Girl: Can we talk again soon?
Momoyo: Yeah, of course.
Momoyo: Yo. Are you guys eating somewhere? Let me join.
Miyako: Who was she?
Momoyo: Oh, I got hungry, but I didn't have any money on me.
Momoyo: So I picked up a girl and had her treat me.
Shouichi: You do that after getting pissed off at me for getting free food yesterday?
Shouichi: You're doing the same thing!
Momoyo: You idiot! You bandana! I'll hit you!
Shouichi: Gah! Y-You're already hitting me!
Momoyo: There's nothing wrong with being treated to free food. That's fine.
*It was?*
Momoyo: The problem is that you didn't show the girl a good time.
Momoyo: You have to listen to her, get along with her.
Shouichi: I-I see... I think I kind of maybe get it.
Shouichi: But it's so much work, eating with girls.
Shouichi: Yeah, eating with guys like Yamato's way more my style.
Yamato: I see.
Momoyo: ...I think they're an item...
Miyako: ...Now I know why he won't accept my love...
Yamato: Hey, you two! Stop whispering!!!
Yamato: Also, Nee-san, what happened to you not having any money?
Momoyo: You're going to treat me, right?
Yamato: Again...?
Momoyo: Here, I'll walk arm in arm with you. Doesn't it feel like we're lovers?
Yamato: I feel more like a henchman being forced along.
*She clung tight to me.*
*I loved the feeling of her ample, soft boobs on my arm, so I figured, to hell with it. I might as well enjoy the moment.*
Miyako: Uh, hey. You're enjoying that? You lech!
Miyako: I'm clinging, too.
*Miyako snatched hold of my other arm.*
Shouichi: Hey, no fair! You three are hogging all the fun!
Shouichi: I don't know why it's fun, but you're not leaving me out!
Momoyo: No butting in.: One-Handed Throw!
Shouichi: Waaaaaaaaahh!!!
*She sent Capt flying into the distance.*
*......*
Shouichi: Geez, Momo-senpai. Don't go crazy on me.
*Capt rubbed his wound as he took another spoonful of his red-bean soup.*
Momoyo: Little bro, give me some of that kuzumochi. Ahhh.
*Meanwhile, I was stuck feeding her.*
Yamato: Here you go.
Miyako: I'll steal your love!
*Miyako snatched it away.*
Momoyo: Miyako, I'll teach you a lesson!
*She launched herself at Miyako.*
Shouichi: Oh yeah, there's a karaoke contest coming up.
Yamato: Whoa, you're doing it again?
*The last time had been in elementary school, shortly after Nee-san had joined our group...*
Momoyo: Okay, what are we doing today, Capt?
Shouichi: There's a karaoke contest over at Kinryuu Street in two weeks.
*Kinryuu Street was the name of the shopping district near the station.*
Shouichi: If we place, we'll get tons of gift cards!
Momoyo: Sounds good. I'd be able to eat all the sweets I want.
Shouichi: Right? And you're not stuck with just food, 'cause there's all kinds of stores there!
Gakuto: With those in hand, we can have loads of fun.
Kazuko: The contest itself sounds fun, too. Let's do it!
Gakuto: Great! I will join in the fight. And I fight to win.
Kazuko: Then let's choose a song and start practicing!
Takuya: You guys need to slow down! Yamato, what do you think?
Yamato: We'll start with appearance. We'll have the best outfits.
Takuya: Whoa, the Tactician's already gung-ho!
Shouichi: Darn straight! If we're doing clothes and a dance, we're gonna look better than anyone! You gotta entertain your audience after all!
Yamato: Also, I want to know who the judges are. There'll be time to choose our song after that.
*--The day of the karaoke contest. At the stage in the shopping district.*
Lu: The contest has reached its peak! This is getting exciting!
Lu: Next up, our youngest contestants, from Kawakami Elementary -- it's the Kazama Family! They're going to sing 'It Doesn't Hurt to be Slashed with Love!'
*As the announcement ended, I blew the conch shell I'd borrowed.*
Momoyo: Move out!
Kazuko: Go!
Lu: Goodness, it's armor! All the children coming up on stage are wearing armor!
*The sight pumped up the crowd.*
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiots. I like history, but I'm gonna be fair and judge your singing, too. That's how we booksellers do it.
Lu: They're hilariously perfect samurai! Oh? It's the commander! He's rising above the stage!
*Capt rested, with his legs crossed and dressed in a general's outfit, then rose in the arms of Gakuto, who was clad in white.*
*It was more like something you'd expect at a Super Bowl than at a local contest. The crowd roared with approval.*
Shouichi: Now, commoners, listen to my song!
*And then he performed the song he was so proud of.*
Bookstore Owner: You're good, ya idiot. Toss in the performance, and I give ya a 90.
*............*
Shouichi: That brings me back. That was the start of my karaoke championship.
Yamato: You've gone on to win year after year.
Shouichi: It's hard work when I don't have you all backing me up, you know.
Yamato: Uh, people don't normally hire a theater group to dance behind them.
Shouichi: When I do something, I do it right. This year, I'm askin' the Navy to help out.
*...I decided not to ask more. Nothing good could come of it.*
Miyako: Y-Yamato, help me. Momo-senpai's trying to take my chastity!
*Nee-san had mounted Miyako and was massaging her.*
*Today was totally crazy.*
*............*
*That night, I took it easy back at the dorm... But that didn't mean I slacked off on studying.*
*I already had all of the past exams.*
Yamato: Let's see. Where am I likely to be caught off guard by a question... English?
*Our English teacher was new, so I couldn't use the old questions as a guide.*
*Oh well. I simply had to focus on English.*
*...My studying complete, I turned on my cell phone to see I had a text.*
Yamato: Class A's Igasa invited me to karaoke tomorrow.
Yamato: Okay, I guess I'll go.
*This was a chance to expand my network. I went ahead and told him yes.*
*Then, I did my daily playing card drills.*
Yamato: My shuffling was getting pretty fluid.
*I'd been studying card dealing for years.*
*It was my father's hobby before it became mine. I'd started it after seeing how brilliantly he did it.*
*It was the perfect skill for someone like me, who only cared about winning.*
*I had big dreams when I was young.*
*What would that kid think of me if he saw me now?*
Yamato: A knock? Come on in, it's open.
Yukie: ...Oh! Um!!!
Yamato: You're the girl from upstairs... (I thought it was Capt knocking at my door.)
Yukie: U-Um!
*Suddenly, she stomped over the threshold.*
Yamato: Wh-What?!
*Her sword hung over the room like an executioner's axe.*
Yukie: My family sent me this, so, well, I know it's not much, but if you want it, umm...
*She practically threw me something wrapped in cloth.*
Yamato: O-Okay... Thank you?
Yukie: ...N-No! I shouldn't say it's not much, that would be rude, but--I mean--umm! Errrrm!
Matsukaze: Calm down, Mayucchi! You've got this! You're mightier than a bear! No, a thousand bears!
Yukie: B-But Matsukaze, Naoe-san's flabbergasted! I propose a strategic withdrawal!
Matsukaze: You gonna turn tail, Mayucchi? March yo butt in there!
Yukie: B-But I...
Matsukaze: This shit's easy, girl! Just one step! Get in there, get yourself a friend, a future! Go! GOOOO!!!
Yukie: I-I can't... I can't take that last step!
Matsukaze: What now? The final seconds're ticking down. You just gonna wait and see? Charge in there, Mayucchi! Put that pedal in your heart to the metal!
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Are you okay? You've been talking to yourself...
Yukie: ...Ahh!!!
Yamato: Huh?
Yukie: I-I'm sorry! This is, um, I guess, you must be sick of this and frustrated by me and think I'm creepy and I'm really sorry, I didn't mean to!
Yukie: I'll just go now! (She bowed nearly to the floor.)
*Zoooom!*
*...She'd fled back up to the second floor.*
Yamato: And she's cute, too. I feel bad for her. Maybe it's because the year has just started?
Tadakatsu: That freshie come pay you a visit, too?
Yamato: Oh, so she visited us both?
Tadakatsu: I ain't got a clue what she was trying to say.
Yamato: And in the first place, that katana was terrifying.
Tadakatsu: Hold up, Naoe. I got some cake. You want any?
Yamato: Really? Yeah, I want some.
Tadakatsu: My work pushed it on me, and I ain't hungry enough for a whole cake.
Yamato: So you're giving some to me? That's nice of you.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I just don't wanna have to throw it out if it goes bad.
*Gen-san gave me the cheesecake, then headed to the kitchen.*
Yamato: He's going to get mad if I follow him, won't he? I'll eat it in my room.
Yamato: I should do push-ups after I eat this, just to be safe... Mmm.
Tadakatsu: Hey, I made tea. You want any?
Yamato: Oh, sure. Thanks.
Tadakatsu: It ain't like I did it for you. It's just my leftovers.
*Gen-san said, then left.*
*...Things didn't settle down at night, either.*
Yukie: Solo debriefing time! Yay!
Matsukaze: Woot!
Yukie: Matsukaze, why...? Why do I keep screwing up?
Matsukaze: Hmm, maybe it's 'cause you got all awkward.
Yukie: But I practiced giving gifts so much!
Matsukaze: Yeah, a hundred times a day, every day, you've practiced... giving to a doll.
Yukie: I may not be practicing enough, given how inexperienced I am.
Yukie: If I'm to make friends, I'll have to practice three hundred times a day.
Matsukaze: Three hundred times with a dollie? Damn, girl!
Yukie: Then I know I will be able to make friends. Let's do this.
*So progressed Mayuzumi Yukie's plan to make a hundred friends...*
*Today we had the physical fitness test.*
Takuya: Ahh, I was right. I did stop growing!
Gakuto: You should work out like me. The force of my grip is off the scale.
Takuya: But wouldn't being more muscular make it harder to grow taller?
Suguru: I've gained some weight? Must be those potato croquettes before bed. And maybe the milk chocolate with extra sugar.
Mitsuru: I really don't want to find out how I've done. If only I could eat this problem away.
Umeko: Stop complaining. And Shimazu, you go measure your sitting height.
Shouichi: Hahaha! Your sitting height's tall too!
Gakuto: Shut up! It's because I'm tall, you stupid idiot!
Tadakatsu: Grip strength 78? I'd thought I could get 80.
Yamato: That's strong enough, Gen-san. Gakuto just has muscles for brains.
*At our school, they tested both your measurements and sports aptitude.*
Umeko: Get measured efficiently, students. Do not waste a single moment.
Umeko: Oogushi Suguru, measure your grip strength.
Suguru: STR is my dump stat. What else would you expect from a magic user like myself?
*Oogushi Suguru was, in a single word, a nerd.*
Umeko: 31? That is atrocious. Train harder.
Suguru: (Real women are hopelessly bitchy.: Whereas Sayo-tan scolding me in her dulcet tsundere tone would be the stuff of dreams!)
Takuya: Ehehe. You're weaker than me, Suguru.
Suguru: Hah. I only need enough strength to click a mouse.
*He had long since cast aside the real world.*
Umeko: Minamoto, you haven't gotten your height measured yet, right?
Tadakatsu: Nope.
Umeko: 178 centimeters. A centimeter taller than last year.
Tadakatsu: Well, I'm tall enough already.
*Minamoto Tadakatsu, or Gen-san as we called him, walked off.*
Takuya: Whoa...
*Everyone made sure to get out of his way.*
Yamato: Poor guy. He looks scary, but he's a good person at heart. He even donated today.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I just didn't want a pocketful of pennies.
*He must have heard me.*
Umeko: Kumagai, you don't seem to have gained any weight.
Mitsuru: I-I am trying to watch my weight.
Umeko: Your blood pressure is, hmm... Acceptable?
Gakuto: Good thing that your weight's all right, Kuma-chan.
Mitsuru: I really don't like those diabetes tests. I've had to do them so many times.
Mitsuru: Today is truly a good day... *om nom nom*
Gakuto: Hey, hey! Don't start eatin' again... Especially not cream puffs!
Mitsuru: So much wonderful cream
Gakuto: That makes it worse. This isn't the time to start droppin' musical notes everywhere!
*He was Kumagai Mitsuru, but everyone called him Kuma-chan.*
*Our kind and gentle food connoisseur. Nearly everyone in the class, boys and girls both, thought of him as a friend.*
Gakuto: By all means, measure my chest, but please be gentle.
Umeko: Morooka. Go measure Shimazu. And be gentle.
Gakuto: Moro! You... What the heck?! I'll kick your ass!
Takuya: That's my line! Why do I have to measure a guy's chest?
Umeko: Naoe, time to measure your chest. I'll do it.
Yamato: Ok.
Umeko: Stand straight!
Yamato:  Yes, ma'am!
Umeko: Good reply. You show promise. Keep it up.
Yamato: Will do!
Gakuto: Damn you, Yamato... I wish I had your knack for this.
Shouichi: If the teach is measurin' you, you're gonna get nervous. Personally, screw that.
Takuya: Please stay innocent, Capt.
Umeko: Once you are done with your measurements, head out to the field.
Umeko: The girls are taking their sports test. You'll take their place once they're done.
Gakuto: The girls are doin' their tests? Right now?!
*Daaaaaash!!!*
*Everybody sprinted outside.*
Shouichi: What's going on? I'm lost, but you aren't leaving me behind!
Suguru: Good grief. With skin, even the slightest blemish makes one unacceptable.
*We hurried to the field...*
*...to see the girls conducting their athletic tests.*
Ikurou: You guys took forever. And you call yourselves horny!
Ikurou: Me, I've already taken hundreds of photos!
*Fukumoto Ikurou, a cameraman who risked life and limb in his quest to capture the beauty of the female form.*
*He was also the Media Club's chief photographer, and there was no doubting his skill.*
Ikurou: Our school's bloomers are the best. That's the number one reason I came here.
*There was also no doubting that he was a pervert.*
Takuya: You're always talking about sex, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: Just you wait. I'm going to make bank one day and live it out in brothels.
Takuya: You sound cool, but your words are anything but.
*Why did we call him Yonpachi? Well...*
*--Night of the new year orientation, boys' room.*
Ikurou: Heheh. Can you name all 48 classic sex positions?
Gakuto: Who'd know them all? I could name maybe 30, tops.
Ikurou: There's Trickling Mountain Stream, Crossing the Floating Bridge, Fettered Embrace, Pounding From the Watchtower, Plowing the Wheelbarrow...
Mitsuru: Wow. You're rattling them off.
Gakuto: You've got all 48 of them down... Then we're callin' you 48, or Yonpachi.
Ikurou: I'll take that as a compliment. By all means, call me that. Lovingly.
Takuya: You're good with that?
Ikurou: I'm thinking about sex like 24 hours a day.
Yamato: You should see a doctor about that.
Gakuto: So, have you ever actually had sex?
Ikurou: Waaaaaaahhh! Well sorry, I haven't!
Takuya: That's probably something he hates having brought up.
Ikurou: I'm just sticking it in konnyaku every night!
Gakuto: Dude, you get way better results with soggy cup noodles.
Ikurou: I've even brought three konnyaku pieces with me.
Yamato: Don't bring those around with you! And you already cut them open?!
Shouichi: Oh, I'm feeling hungry. Mind if I have one?
Yamato: Don't touch those! Unless you want to bring some 'sex ed' to the table.
Gakuto: Don't hurt yourself tryin' to come up with those witty responses.
Yamato: My only regret is that I couldn't think of anything to say about the noodles.
Gakuto: Well, I guess that means nobody here has a girlfriend. Heh heh.
Suguru: I have a girlfriend, though she lives in a terribly distant place.
Gakuto: I can't believe it! Where's she from?
Suguru: She lives beyond my monitor, in the land of 2D.
Gakuto: That's way beyond a long-distance relationship...
Suguru: Long ago I abandoned 3D women who are brought to tears by mere novelettes.
Yamato: The guys here are interesting, that's for sure.
*...That was what happened.*
Ikurou: You gotta admit, the chicks in our class are top tier.
Yamato: Yeah. They're pretty hot.
Ikurou: First, there's entry number 1 -- Kawakami Kazuko.
Ikurou: 159 centimeters tall, with measurements of 77, 54, and 79.
Ikurou: She's not feminine, but she's approachable, cheerful, and fun to be with. Guys love the sporty girl type.
Ikurou: But anyone who actually made a move would answer to her sister, Kawakami Momoyo. Fear of that stopped everyone in their tracks.
Gakuto: Is Wanko that popular? She's funny, yes, but who looks at her and sees girlfriend material?
Ikurou: Next up we've got entry number 2 -- Amakasu Mayo.
Ikurou: 149 centimeters tall, with measurements of 74, 52, and 73.
Ikurou: She's a hard-working class rep who can calm anyone she talks with. Because of her size, she's popular with a certain type of admirer.
Gakuto: She looks like a small animal in my eyes. Like a squirrel, maybe.
Ikurou: Moving on, it's entry number 3 -- Shiina Miyako.
Ikurou: 155 centimeters tall. Her measurements are 84, 59, 83.
Ikurou: Her figure's top of the class, and check out that rack. But that icy attitude drives people away. Plus, she's Yamato's woman.
Yamato: She's not my anything. Or anybody's anything.
Ikurou: I know, but that's how it looks to everybody.
Yamato: Everyone keeps telling me that.
Ikurou: Well, those are three of the best girls, but...
Ikurou: Each of them has something going on that keeps guys from pursuing them.
Ikurou: So everyone winds up focusing on that one, Ogasawara Chika.
Ikurou: She's 157 centimeters tall, with measurements of 82, 60, and 81. Birthday's July 20th. Blood type B. Currently single.
Ikurou: She's got the double crown with Best Girlfriend Material and Most Fuckable Girl.
Gakuto: You can't get enough of her smell. She's basically askin' for it.
Ikurou: Hold it. She's adjusting her bloomers! Photo time!
*Most of the guys stared at her, their eyes glazed over.*
Gakuto: You look too, Yamato. It's not just a feast for your eyes, but it promotes good health, ups your academics, and brings love into your life.
Yamato: Is there anything bloomers can't do?
*Okay. I...*
Look at Wanko
Look at Mayo
Look at Miyako
Look at Chika
Look at everyone, even the guys
Yamato: Whoa, she's running hard.
*Wanko never looked more alive than when she was active.*
Kazuko: Hm? : Hey guys!
Kazuko: Yay!
*She cheerfully waved at us.*
Yamato: She seems completely relaxed now.
Tadakatsu: Good grief... She's a bundle of energy.
*I decided to look at Amakasu-san.*
Gakuto: Hm? Wow, you're smellin' like a lolicon.
*On second thought, maybe not.*
*I decided to look at Miyako, the one people were calling my woman.*
*Oops, she noticed.*
Yamato: Why are you adjusting your shorts now? And you're not even subtle about it!
*This was why everyone kept getting the wrong impression about us.*
Kazuko: C'mon, Miyako. You're up next!
Miyako: Okay.
Takuya: She's as standoffish as ever... Did you say she was off by herself?
Yamato: It's a good thing Wanko's in our class.
*I followed the crowd's lead and gazed at Ogasawara-san.*
Yamato: You know, just looking at her gets me riled up.
Ikurou: She's just sexy. Plus, she's my best seller.
Yamato: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Gakuto: Sorry. You're not a qualified 'member' so those details are a secret.
*I'm certain he was talking about the photos he was taking.*
Yamato: You have a great body, Gakuto.
Gakuto: I know. I have trained my body to beautiful perfection.
Yamato: Moro, your skin's so white and smooth.
Takuya: Huh? Y-You think so? Thanks, I guess...
Yamato: Capt, you're so damn cool.
Shouichi: Where'd that come from? If you're here for money, you ain't getting any!
Yamato: No, I mean... I wound up looking at the guys.
*Somewhere off in the distance, I heard some kind of click sound.*
Mayo: Chika-chan, you're always so fast on your feet.
Mayo: Meanwhile, I can never succeed at anything athletic, and I'm the class rep. I'm so pathetic...
Chika: I'm not that smart, so I have to do what I can here.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff. Okay, what's my time?
Miyako: 100 meters in 11.63 seconds. That was quick.
Chika: Well, Wanko and Shiinacchi are still faster than me.
Mayo: On another note, the boys aren't even trying to hide their stares.
Mayo: It feels like they're a pride of lions staring at me.
Mayo: I may be the class rep, but this is still embarrassing.
Chika: Ahaha...
Miyako: Wanko, I'm running next, so could you time me?
Kazuko: Will do. But you won't beat me!
Miyako: I never considered this a competition.
Kazuko: But that's boring. Let's make this a match instead!
Miyako: There you go again... Well, all right.
Miyako: Then... I'll run towards tomorrow.
*But then I heard someone stampeding towards me!*
Kazuko: Wow, you're fast! Let's see how you'll do!
Umeko: There are some bananas over here for those who are finished. Come eat as many as you as you wish and replenish your energy.
Kazuko: Huh? Bananas, for us?
*Meanwhile, Miyako zipped across the finish line.*
Kazuko: Oh, whoops!
Miyako: Whew. That may have been a personal record. What was my time, Wanko?
Kazuko: I'm sorry. I forgot to stop the timer. One more time!
Miyako: You challenged me, and this is how it ends?
Kazuko: Wawawawawa... I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Shouichi: Whoa, Miyako just chopped Wanko on the head.
Gakuto: I'm sure she deserved it.
Yamato: This book says to scold your dog whenever it does anything wrong.
Takuya: Dog Training? That book's practically your bible.
Ikurou: Shiina's pretty cheerful when she's around you guys.
Yamato: Anyway, Yonpachi, you really know a lot about the girls.
Ikurou: Yeah. And I don't know only their sizes, but also their affection points.
Ikurou: Currently, it looks like this...
Yamato: What the heck even is this thing?
Gakuto: Kh. I am really uncomfortable with how prepared you are for this.
Yamato: I'm amazed, Yonpachi. You're clearly the one to go to for information on the girls.
Ikurou: Leave it to me. I mean, there's no point being only decent at your specialty. Right, Kazama?
Shouichi: Yeah, I'm with you there. Gotta give everything your best.
Gakuto: By the way, what do the girls think about someone as amazin' as me?
Ikurou: I think you already know the answer, but if you really want to see it, here.
Gakuto: Geh?!
Shouichi: That's pretty low, dude. The average girl hates you.
Gakuto: Man. I hope the transfer student's a girl. A hot one.
Shouichi: We'll find out tomorrow. And we'll find out who won the bet.
Umeko: We'll now start the boys' sports test! First, the 100 meter dash!
Shouichi: Sweet. Time to run like the wind!
Shouichi: C'mon, who thinks they can take me in a sprint? I'll take on any bet!
Track-and-Field Club Member: Sounds fun. I'm a high jumper, but that put me on the track team.
Track-and-Field Club Member: Watch me knock you down a peg or two!
Shouichi: We ain't talked much, have we? Good to meet you.
Track-and-Field Club Member: So, what will we be betting on?
Shouichi: Let's go with Wazou's tonkotsu ramen. Loser buys the winner three bowls.
Track-and-Field Club Member: I'm starving, so let's make it four. All right, you ready?
Shouichi: Check out my specially customized shoes!
Shouichi: They're the perfect fit, with highly efficient impact absorption, and ultra-elastic soles allow me to accelerate lightning-fast.
Shouichi: So there's no way I'll lose!!!
*Zoooom!*
Track-and-Field Club Member: No way! H-How can anyone be that fast?!
*Their race ended with Capt winning by a mile.*
Shouichi: Just because you're in the track team doesn't mean you can beat me outside your specialty!
Takuya: He won.
Gakuto: No one's been able to measure up to him in this stuff ever since we were kids.
Yamato: That's why he's our leader.
*Yeah... Capt was always the best at everything.*
*We had admired him, considered him a hero.*
*And we still did, even today...*
*............*
*--Evening, the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: 'I got in a lot of healthy exercise today'... And sent.
Yamato: Oh! Hermy's on the rock. I can see him perfectly!
*Gazing at my hermit crabs was truly soothing.*
*That said, though, I would never play with him on the palm of my hand.*
*All I wanted was to watch and admire. Heh heh heh.*
Shouichi: Let's play! I found this game on sale for 100 yen.
Miyako: Good evening. Also, I love you.
Shouichi: Ugh. He's looking at the hermit crabs. Retreat!
Miyako: Yeah, we will be much happier without a third wheel.
Yamato: Oh, Miyako. You can see the hermit crab. Look!
Miyako: You're right. He's out of the sand.
Yamato: Isn't it amazing how you can keep a protected species? They live for over 20 years. They're lovely, mysterious, and calming to look at.
Miyako: Mhm.
Yamato: ...Ah! I'm sorry. Whenever I think about hermit crabs, I... start to lose track of time and can't think straight, and...
Miyako: No, it's all right. Tell me more.
*She drew closer, seemingly eager to learn more.*
Yamato: Then let's talk all about them! Okay!
Miyako: Yes, yes. You truly are fascinated by them.
*She snuggled up to me, and I spent a whole two hours regaling her on the wonders of hermit crabs.*
*In the morning, I awoke to the feeling of someone else's presence in my room.*
Miyako: Mmm.
Yamato: Woah... nope!
*I quickly dodge-rolled forward and to my feet.*
Yamato: Please stop trying to steal kisses from me, okay?
Miyako: But last night you were so passionate... ...when you were talking about hermit crabs.
Miyako: You're finally old enough to accept my love.
Yamato: You're in a good mood today, Miyako.
Miyako: Today is the day of our Friday Meeting.
Yamato: Makes sense. Plus, there's the exchange student coming.
*............*
*Once again, we all leisurely walked to school together.*
Takuya: Oh, there's another challenger for Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Ooh. It's a young guy today.
Karate Fighter: Yo! I am a master of killer karate, and I once killed a wild boar with one strike! The name's Suzuki Kenta, and I'm from Gunma, yo!
Karate Fighter: My dream's to defeat the renowned Kawakami family and have the story made into a Hollywood movie, yo!
Momoyo: I'm Kawakami Momoyo. That movie's only going to be one minute long.
Karate Fighter: Bullshit! Hwa-chaaa!!!
Momoyo: I'll blast you straight back to your hometown!: Hah!!!
Karate Fighter: Ahhhhhhhhh!!!
*One strike was all it took to send him into the stratosphere.*
Momoyo: He was self-taught. He named his style karate, but... That was one entertaining idiot.
Yamato: That was quick today. Let's go.
*I turned around, but then...*
*Bump!*
*...I crashed into someone.*
Yamato: I'm so sorry.
Foreigner: No, I was the one who wasn't looking where he was going.
Foreigner: That must've been what they call a 'duel'. Very entertaining, I must say.
Foreigner: I'm impressed that the people here, including the kids, are so polite.
Foreigner: And look, that's Mt. Fuji far in the distance.
Foreigner: Yes, I am glad I came to this country. Heh heh heh...
*The old man continued laughing as he left.*
Yamato: What just happened? What a weird guy.
Miyako: It's spring, the season where everything springs forth. Even weirdos.
Takuya: In visual novel games, the character that you bump into in the morning usually turns out to be the transfer student.
Momoyo: Hahaha. So now Yamato got the romance flag with that old man?
Miyako: I'd get jealous, and then the art would turn far more grotesque.
Yamato: Could you please wait until I've actually done something to get jealous of?
Gakuto: This time, Yamato, I'm actually glad I'm not in your shoes.
*We slowly made our way to school.*
*The morning homeroom started a bit earlier than usual...*
Umeko: Now, allow me to introduce the long-awaited transfer student.
*The students chattered at this news.*
Umeko: Come on in.
*The door opened.*
New Student?: Guten Morgen.
*The chatter grew louder.*
Kazuko: Huh? I-Is he the transfer student?
Kazuko: Doesn't he look a bit old?
Gakuto: That's not the problem here!
Mayo: Hey, you shouldn't draw attention to someone's physical traits!
Chika: Mayo, you're poking fun at totally the wrong thing. I mean, just look at him.
Ikurou: I'd poke you in a heartbeat, if you know what I mean.
Yamato: Huh?! You're--
New Student?: Oh, it's you. We meet again.
Takuya: He really did turn out to be the transfer student.
Suguru: Adding this old man to our class benefits us nothing!
Umeko: Everyone, stop jumping to conclusions. This is the transfer student's guardian.
Mitsuru: Oh, okay. You really surprised us. *om nom nom*
Umeko: Hey Kumagai! Don't eat pizza during homeroom!
Mitsuru: Oh, I'm sorry! All the surprises made me really hungry.
New Student's Dad: I believe the traditional Japanese punishment would be a hundred lashings?
Umeko: ...Um, where is your daughter?
New Student's Dad: Please don't worry. She is extremely punctual.
New Student's Dad: She should come galloping in any second now.
*He said, pointing out the window, and everyone turned to look outside.*
New Student's Dad: Simply look towards the schoolyard.
Yamato: Geh?!
Gakuto: What's wrong, Yamato? Do you see somethin' out there?
Yamato: A girl just trotted into school.
Gakuto: What the hell?!
Umeko: Something must be going on. All right, you are free to look.
*Everyone came up to the classroom windows.*
Takuya: Yeah, she really did trot on in...
Takuya: ...on a horse.
Chris: I am Christiane Friedrich!
Chris: I have come here from Lubeck, Germany!
Chris: I will henceforth be attending this private academy!
*She strode in atop a horse, her blond hair fluttering beautifully in the wind.*
Ikurou: Ohh, it's a blonde! And she's hot! Totally hot!
Gakuto: She's a total jackpot!!!
*The guys roared at the sight.*
Shouichi: Dah hah hah hah! A horse? Damn, you're hilarious!
Suguru: Gh, a girl?! Crap, I lost the bet.
Ikurou: Ah, I lost too!
Ikurou: But she's so cute that I don't even care!
Chika: Wow... I've completely lost... But a horse?
Chris's Father: Are horses not used as a means of transportation in Japan?
Chika: Umm... You did look at the roads, right?
Chris's Father: There were many cars. However, on TV we had seen horses.
Chika: I think you've been watching samurai dramas.
Chris's Father: Oh, that's quite...
Chika: ...Oh? Wah! Why'd the one exception have to show up?
Chris: So this will be my place of learning starting today.
Chris: Did anyone else come to school on a horse?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! A transfer student coming to school on a horse? Excellent!
Azumi: Good morning, everyone!
Chris: I know that! It is a rickshaw!
Hideo: Indeed. And We are the hero, Kuki Hideo!
Chris: I am Chris! I am sorry for greeting you on horseback.
Hideo: We are Kuki Hideo, the one who will one day rule the world!
Hideo: Let this symbol of Our glory be burned into your memory!
Chris: Wow, you are just like Toyama!
Chris's Father: I had never imagined some would ride rickshaws to school.
Chris's Father: But this is the land of the samurai. Hahaha.
*The whole class was stunned, mouths hanging open.*
Miyako: Yamato... Are they what I think they are?
Yamato: Yeah... Those crazy people obsessed with Japan... Weeaboos.
Chris: Is that Father over there? Then I shall go to his side!
Chris: Onward, Hamachidori!
Umeko: ...Get off your horse, and then come inside.
*Even Ms. Ume had her head in her hands.*
*............*
*She wrote her name, Christiane, on the board.*
Chris: I am Christiane. It is nice to meet you!
*Her dignified tone and demeanor fascinated the guys.*
Umeko: Your Japanese sounds very natural. I'm impressed.
Chris: I have many Japanese friends in Lubeck.
Chris: By being around them I was able to learn it.
Umeko: Good. Then we can expect you to converse fluently.
Umeko: All right. Raise your hand if you have any questions.
Gakuto: Me, me!!!
Umeko: Proceed, Shimazu. But be sure not to debase yourself.
Gakuto: Will do! Um, Ku-ri-su-chi-ah-ne?
Chris: I would prefer you simply call me Chris.
Gakuto: Chris. Do you have a boyfriend?
Chris's Father:  She most certainly does not!
*Her father's thunderous voice silenced the room.*
Chris: My father speaks the truth.
Gakuto: O-Okay...
Chris's Father: If anyone so much as touches my daughter, the army shall take care of them.
Mayo:  An army?!
Chris: My father is a soldier. He does not allow personal feelings to interfere with his duty.
Ikurou: I'm pretty sure he just did!
Chris: Heh heh heh.
Chika: You seem to be in a good mood.
Chris: That is because I have finally arrived in my beloved Japan.
Chris: My friends have told me so many wonderful things about this country.
Chris: I also watch many Japanese dramas.
Chika: Which ones, by the way?
Chris: My favorites are 'The Yamato-maru Dream Diaries' and 'Demon Soldiers'.
*By the look of it, no one was surprised by that answer. Both were famous historical TV dramas here in Japan.*
*They were stories where the just are rewarded and the evil punished. Demon Soldiers was notoriously plot-heavy.*
Chris: I stopped in Kyoto to sightsee before coming here.
Chris: The city looked exactly like the ones I had seen in TV dramas. I could not believe it!
Gakuto: She went to a movie town. I'm sure of it.
Takuya: I imagine her friends in Germany decided it'd be funny to give her the wrong impression.
Yamato: But who'd actually fall for that?
Shouichi: She must be pure of heart. I mean, look at those pretty eyes. I like her.
Chika: What about Japan do you like?
Chris:  The bushido spirit!
Chris: My father taught me chivalry, but...
Chris: Japanese bushido is sublimely beautiful in its own right.
Chris: I watched boxing in Germany, and was surprised to learn that Japanese boxers commit seppuku when they lose.
Chris: I am awed by their honor! Even your boxers are samurai!
Chika: Uh... So some boxers will totally say they would, but...
Mayo: But no one has ever followed through.
Chris: I hear that the ki of sumo wrestlers can penetrate anything. They must be godlike.
Takuya: That's just a 'shopped video on the internet.
Suguru: You vastly overestimate the Japanese people.
Chris: Father, this must be the humility of a samurai.
Chris's Father: Yes. I am told Japanese people are very modest.
Chris: I think it is a wonderful mindset.
Suguru: It's no use at this point... There is nothing more stubborn than a real woman. With tears in their eyes they'll say they could never love an evil man.
Umeko: Sir, it's about time that you...
Chris's Father: I understand. Take good care of my daughter, everyone.
Umeko: And please take the horse with you.
*The man bowed to us and left...*
*...only to soon return.*
Chris's Father: Chris, if anything happens, I'll come flying back on a fighter jet.
*Then he left again, this time for good. He certainly seemed to keep himself busy.*
Ikurou: Whoa. He might kill us if we make a move on her.
Gakuto: Kh, what a waste. A girl that hot, and we can't even look at her.
*But while the guys grumbled and moaned, Wanko's eyes lit up.*
Kazuko: Hey, I have a question! Do you do any martial arts?
Chris: I have practiced fencing since I was little.
Kazuko: Yes! I have a proposal, Ms. Ume!
*Wanko sprung to her feet.*
Kazuko: I want to give our transfer student a real welcome!
*Our classmates started chattering. We all knew exactly what she meant.*
Umeko: Heh heh. Hungry for a fight, Kawakami? But that would be interesting.
Umeko: Chris, the girl with the ponytail wants to see how strong you are.
Chris: Oh...
Chris: ...I see. So that is your newcomer's welcome.
Kazuko: We have a system for duels here at Kawakami Academy.
Kazuko: First you state your intent to duel, and then you place your badge on the desk.
Kazuko: Chris! I challenge you to a battle!
Chris: Understood. I accept!
*Chris laid her badge on top of Wanko's.*
Ikurou: Wow, amazing! She's in!
Gakuto: Nice, a snap decision. I like it!
Chika: Oh my god! It's been, like, forever since the last time we saw a duel!
Suguru: Ugh... I can 'like' tell how 'like' uneducated you are.
Umeko: Hold on. There will need to be a faculty meeting first. You need the entire staff's permission to hold a physical duel.
Tesshin: Hoho. Ms. Kojima, I heard everything.
Umeko: Principal, when did you...?
Tesshin: It's fine by me. We can hold it right now, on my special authority.
Tesshin: I'll take responsibility for overseeing the match.
*Our murmurs turned to a roar.*
Tesshin: We can't delay in giving our new student a warm welcome.
Kazuko: Heh hem. It's gonna be Japan vs. Germany.
Mayo: You know, Wanko-chan's pretty tough. Are you going to be all right?
Chris: I can see how strong she is from the way she carries herself.
Chris: But I have been challenged. I will not back down!
Miyako: --!
Miyako: She's strong, Wanko. Probably stronger than me.
Kazuko: So what? I'll give her a nice Japanese baptism!
Kazuko: Okay. Chris, let's go outside.
Chris: Very good.
Umeko: We have replica weapons decorating our classrooms. Use them.
Umeko: They won't cut, but you will know when you've been struck.
Kazuko: 'Kay! I'm obviously taking a naginata.
Chris: That there is a replica of the saber I use!
Umeko: Your father told me about your weapon, so I had one prepared.
Chris: How very thoughtful of you.
Kazuko: But that means you can't make any excuses. Heh hem. This is gonna be fun.
Umeko: You are not allowed to touch the replica weapons without my permission.
Umeko: Doing so could lead to your expulsion. Is that clear?
Chris: Yes, ma'am. I would never brandish a weapon recklessly.
Kazuko: Coming to school on a horse was super cool and all, but I'm gonna embarrass you so much no one will even remember.
Chris: A match on my first day? How wonderfully straightforward. I am going to enjoy this samurai country.
*Sparks flew between the two as they headed outside.*
Yamato: There goes ever trying to give her the right impression about Japan.
Miyako: This is going to be a crazy homeroom.
Umeko: All of us will watch. Head out to the field.
Chika: Still, she's a girl? There goes my bet.
Ikurou: That bearded jerk of a teacher sold me fake info. Well, he won't fool me twice!
Shouichi: Then little lambs, I've got just the news for you!
Shouichi: I'm taking bets on the duel! Put your money on who you think's gonna win!
*Capt was out trying to make money.*
Shouichi: Yamato, Miyako, yo, get on over here! I need a hand!
Yamato: My fee's 10%.
Miyako: Same here.
Shouichi: I'm your captain. You're supposed to obey me unconditionally.
Shouichi: But we don't got time for that right now!
PA: A duel will soon begin on the primary field.
PA: An armed duel will be held momentarily. Those wishing to spectate may come to the school's...
*People eager to watch the battle soon lined the school grounds.*
*The fighters could have asked for no spectators, if they wanted.*
*But with everyone here, from every class in every grade, people came to have some fun. It was like a small festival.*
Cooking Club Member: I've got boxed breakfasts here! Who'd like a nice, hot breakfast?
*The vendors were quick to come rolling out, all looking to make a killing.*
*Not that we bookies were any different.*
Momoyo: Now who said you could set up shop here?
Yamato: Nee-san!
Momoyo: You owe me somethin' for that space. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: Hey, Nee-san. Have you seen our new transfer student yet? She's like a fine European jewel.
Momoyo: Why didn't you say something sooner? So, who is it? Something about them being foreign...?
Momoyo:  *....*(``)*....*
Yamato: She's German.
Momoyo: That blond hair of hers is just... I wanna run my hands through it all day.
*I knew Chris would be her type.*
Kyojin: You're giving the newcomer a really rough welcome, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: This is simply some light recreation, nothing more.
Kyojin: Anyway... How about dinner tonight?
Umeko: No thank you. The way you changed the topic was far too unnatural.
Kyojin: What happened to me? Wooing a woman used to be the easiest thing in the world...
Tesshin: Now begins a traditional Kawakami Academy duel.
Spectator A: A duel! It's a duel!
Spectator B: Yeah, go for it!
Tesshin: Participants, step forward and name yourselves!
Kazuko: Kawakami Kazuko from Class 2-F!
Chika: Good luck, Wanko!
Gakuto: Show her what a Japanese girl can do!
Chris: I am Christiane Friedrich, and have today entered Class 2-F!
Mayo: Please be careful, Chris-chan!
Shouichi: I'm counting on you, newbie!
Tesshin: As referee of the match, I approve this duel.
Tesshin: The match will continue until a winner is decided. However, if you attempt to strike outside of the match, I will step in. Understood?
Kazuko: Roger that!
Chris: I accept.
Gakuto: Oh, Chris-chan's fightin' in a skirt...
Gakuto: ...Hey! Yonpachi!!!
Ikurou: I've already got my camera's ready and waiting. I might miss some shots at life, but I'd never miss a pantie shot!
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair!:  BEGIN!!!
Chris: The match has begun!
Kazuko: Let's go!
*Wanko nimbly twirled her naginata.*
Kazuko: I won't let you get close enough to attack.
Chris: --!
*Wanko kept up the attack, never letting Chris go on the offensive.*
Momoyo: Wow. They're starting, lil' bro.
*Nee-san came up from behind and threw her arm around my shoulder.*
Yamato: Ooof... Can you give the play-by-play?
*Having her pretty face so close by made my heart skip a beat.*
*But this was just the way she acted around the people she cared about.*
Momoyo: Mmn. Well, Wanko's attacks are too regular, too by-the-book.
Kazuko: Your arm's exposed...
Kazuko: This fight's mine!
*She stepped forward, then shot out her arm.*
Chris: Huff!
Kazuko: You're good to dodge that, but it won't happen again!
*Chris gracefully danced away from Wanko's attacks, her hair tracing a golden trail behind her.*
Takuya: You're doing good, Wanko! Keep it up!
Chika: Get her! Go, go, go, go, go!
*Everyone could see that Wanko had the upper hand.*
Mayo: Hang in there, Chris-chan!
Mayo: Oh, but do your best too, Wanko-chan!
Mitsuru: You seem a bit overwhelmed, Class Rep.
*Chris backpedaled away from Wanko's assault.*
Kazuko: Is that it? Is that all you've got?!
Chris: Hah!
Kazuko: Stop running! Fight me already!
Momoyo: ...The new kid's all warmed up. She's about to make her move.
*No sooner had Nee-san finished talking than Chris darted in close.*
Chris: Yah!
Kazuko: She's quick!
*Wanko barely slipped out of the way.*
*She then slid backwards, resetting the battle.*
*The speed of Chris's strike had silenced the crowd.*
Shouichi: Whoa, awesome! They're both good!
Gakuto: Wait... Did she just attack? Was that a thrust?
Miyako: Her speed with her blade is no mean feat.
Miyako: Wanko... You can't afford to let her get that close again.
Chris: It is time to continue. My next strike will finish you off.
Kazuko
a Bring it on!
Kazuko
b Haaaaaaaa!!!
*Wanko spun her naginata as fast as she could.*
*Her foe was left guessing where the next strike would come from.*
Miyako: Wanko's going for it.
Chris: What are you...?
*But then she realized that Wanko had positioned herself to use her strongest technique.*
*I could see every muscle in her body grow tense.*
Chris: (A single careless step will be my downfall.)
Chris: (I must focus on dodging this next strike. Then I will have an opening for a counterattack.)
Kazuko: (You think you can dodge, don't you? Heh hem.)
Kazuko: (That just means that I'll...)
Momoyo: No, Wanko. Don't--
Yamato: ...?
Kazuko: Kawakami Style...
*Wanko swung the naginata high over her head.*
*It was almost as if she were preparing to slam its blade straight down at Chris's head, but then...*
Kazuko:  Landslide!
*...the blade suddenly shifted off along a diagonal!*
*It sliced down towards Chris's leg.*
Chris: Ah...
*In fencing, the strike points are limited to the torso, but Kazuko's naginata was free to use its long reach to attack the legs as well.*
*So Kazuko figured her foe would be inexperienced at defending against a strike targeting her legs.*
*Her logic was sound.*
Chris: Hutt!
*But she made one mistake...*
Kazuko: You dodged?!
Chris: Hah!!!
Kazuko: Gaah!
*In epee fencing, the whole body is a target, including the legs, and this was Chris's specialty.*
*Chris shot her blade forward, straight at Wanko's shoulder.*
Kazuko: Auughh!!!
*Wanko groaned in pain and frustration.*
Tesshin: That's it! Chris is the winner!
Spectator C: Whoa, amazing! That fight was awesome!
Spectator D: I couldn't even follow what happened, but I'm sure it was cool!
*The crowd shouted out in cheer.*
Chika: Wanko... lost...?
Chika: Wait, that happens all the time.
Mayo: She keeps picking fights, only to lose.
Momoyo: You don't got the brains to be thinking that much. Trust your instincts.
Gakuto: Wow, you think that broke her collarbone?
*Wanko grimaced as she held a hand tight against where she'd been hit.*
Yamato: This isn't the time for us to stand around talking! Wanko, are you all right?
Tesshin: Hm. The bone isn't broken, though that will leave a bruise.
Chris: I am glad to hear it.
Kazuko: Kh...
Kazuko: Heh... Heh heh heh heh... Heh heh heh heh.
Yamato: What's wrong? Did you forget how to use your words?
Kazuko: You be quiet!
Kazuko: Chris, you're pretty good. So it's time for me... to get serious!
*Wanko took off her wristbands, letting them fall.*
*Their impact shook the ground.*
Spectator E: What...? How heavy are those wristbands?
Spectator F: She's been fighting with that big of a handicap?!
Kazuko: Okay. Time for round t--
Tesshin: Fool! The match is already over!: *Bonk!*
Kazuko: Ouch! What was that for, Grandpa?
Tesshin: You lost because you held back.
Kazuko: I just didn't want to hurt her.
Kazuko: How was I supposed to know I didn't need to worry about her? Grrr!
Tesshin: There are styles of fencing that allow attacks to the entire body. But you didn't know that, did you?
Kazuko: I knew about the most popular style!
Kazuko: How was I supposed to know she wasn't using that? It's not my fault!
Kazuko: So Chris! You'd better not think you've won!
Chris: Mm.
Gakuto: She really doesn't know when to give up... Do we scold her?
Takuya: Mm, well, I think this is fine.
Kazuko: Anyway! Leaving that aside...
Kazuko: You're good... Welcome to our school.
Chris: --!
Chika: You were so incredible! I couldn't believe it!
Mayo: Let's give her a round of applause. *clap clap*
Tadakatsu: You got backbone, kid.
Shouichi: That was awesome!
Kazuko: Nice to meet you.
Chris: And it is nice to meet you as well.
Gakuto: Wow, Wanko's really maturing.
Kazuko: Then it's time to give you a nickname!
Chris: A nickname? I think Chris would be sufficient.
Kazuko: You have to come up with one for a pal. Hmm, err, umm...
Kazuko: Let's shorten Christiane to... Kuri!
Chris: K-Kuri?
Kazuko: 'Kuri' means chestnut. Hahahahaha, it's so perfect!
Ikurou: Chest... nut... I'm about to bust a nut!
Gakuto: Your dick shouldn't get that hard, that fast...
Gakuto: Well, maybe I'm not one to talk.
Miyako: Officer, we have a couple of perverts over here.
Miyako: Yamato would never get a boner so easily. Heh heh.
Yamato: Officer, it's three. There's three perverts here.
Kazuko: Nice to meet you, Kuri.
Chris: Just 'Chris' is fine.
Kazuko: Well, I'm calling you Kuri. But not in a mean way!
Chris: Since everyone calls you 'Wanko' already...
Chris: ...I think 'Dog' is a good name. I will call you that.
Kazuko: Hey, you're calling me a canine? Me, your classmate?
Chris: You are the one calling me a type of plant!
Kazuko: Gnnngh!
Chris: Mmmmngh!
*The two glared at each other.*
Gakuto: Forget I said anything about maturing. And Chris isn't backin' down, either.
Momoyo: All the cute girls in the world are meant to be mine.
*She then grabbed Chris's arm, adding clarity to her previously cryptic words.*
Chris: Oh...?
Momoyo: Come with me. I'll carry you like the princess you deserve to be.
Chris: Wh-What are you doing?!
*Surprised, Chris punched at the older girl, but...*
Momoyo: Wow, that's a sharp attack. You sure are strong.
*She easily swept Chris's fist aside with her palm.*
Chris: Huh?
Momoyo: But you're still no match for me.: Up you go!
*She easily scooped Chris up in her arms.*
Chris: I only know of one person with such strength... Are you Kawakami Momoyo?
Momoyo: Piacere! And I'm Wanko's older sister.
Miyako: Momo-senpai, you're speaking Italian...
Chris: Ohh... I have heard stories about you.
Chris: They speak of a warrior who strikes down challenger after challenger.
Momoyo: They're all true. Do you want to go? We can get some mats out and practice Judo pins
--Ah!
*The principal smacked Nee-san's head from behind.*
Tesshin: Stop being an idiot, Momo. Go on now, get back to class.
Momoyo: Gramps... Don't think you can smack me!
Tesshin: Momo! You know striking the principal is grounds for expulsion!
*And so began a battle between granddaughter and grandfather.*
Umeko: Leave them alone. You don't want to be sucked into that tornado.
Mayo: Okay, everybody. It's time to go back to the classroom.
Umeko: Kawakami, you go to the nurse's office. Your bone might not be broken, but you still need treatment.
Kazuko: Oh, I don't need to--
Yamato: Stop making excuses and go!
Kazuko: F-Fine, I'll go, okay?
Yamato: Miyako, can you go with her?
Miyako: Okay.
Gakuto: ...So. Tell me you got good photos, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: I got no idea. They moved too fast, faster than my eyes could follow.
Ikurou: But, I bet my camera captured a few shots of their secret garden!
Gakuto: Seriously? Then let's check them out!
*--The 2-F classroom.*
Takuya: What's wrong? Why are you two crying?
Gakuto: Chris was movin' so fast that everything's too blurry.
Ikurou: I know there's panties down in there somewhere, but I can't see them, dammit!
Takuya: You were trying to take pantie shots again? You're perverts, the both of you.
Gakuto: But we did get one good shot. You can totally see them.
Takuya: Huh? Which one? Show me!
Gakuto: I fooled you! I knew you were a pervert, too!
Ikurou: You've probably got a boner right now, too! Time to find out for sure!
Takuya: Wah! What are you doing? Stop, don't touch me!
Chris: What are those boys doing with each other?
Chika: Oh, they're the pervs. After they found out girls don't have cooties, they started to obsess over coochies. Stay away if you don't wanna get pregnant.
Yamato: This whole morning's been hectic, thanks to the transfer student.
Shouichi: Well, all this made me a killing. Okay, here's your 10%.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll use this money to expand our secret base.
Shouichi: Me, I'll be heading over after work.
Miyako: We'll be expecting the usual, Capt.
Shouichi: Yeah, leave it to me.
*............*
*It was nearly time for afternoon homeroom.*
*Wanko had convinced the nurse to let her go a bit earlier, and was practically bouncing off the walls.*
Kazuko: Hey, Kuri?
Chris: What is it, Dog?
*So now she and Chris at each other's throats, again.*
Umeko: Apologies for the wait. Let's start homeroom.
Umeko: Kazama, I'd like you and your friends to look after Chris.
Shouichi: Huh? Us? Sure, I guess.
Miyako: ...Why?
Umeko: Because Chris will be living in the Shimazu Dorm.
Shouichi: Right, there's that empty room up on the second floor. Got it.
Yamato: It took nothing to convince you...
Gakuto: I heard nothing about anyone movin' into that room.
Chris: I believe my belongings are arriving there as we speak.
Chris: Incredibly, I believe the dorm includes a hot spring!
Chris: I cannot wait!
Miyako: I can... definitely see a weeaboo enjoying the dorm.
Ikurou: Lucky you. Why can't Chris come to live with me?
Umeko: Shiina, you are her neighbor, so you will be in charge of seeing to her needs.
Chris: It is a pleasure to meet you. *bow*
Miyako: ...
Umeko: ...That is all for homeroom.
*--After school.*
Chris: Could I speak to you for a moment?
Shouichi: Yeah. What's up?
Chris: I had hoped my neighbor, Shiina-dono, would show me the way to the dorm, but...
Chris: ...she left, saying she had to go to her club.
Yamato: (You ran away, didn't you, Miyako?)
Shouichi: Sorry about that. She can be a bit gloomy, but she's nice once you get to know her.
Shouichi: But me, I've got a job to go to. Tactician Yamato, you're up.
Yamato: All right. I'll take you there.
*I was certain there were lots of things I'd need to help her learn.*
Yamato: While we're here, let me show you around the school, too.
Chris: Thank you.
*She smiled softly.*
*Mm, she was cute... I could feel my own cheeks turning red.*
Yamato: I'm Naoe Yamato. I live on the first floor of the dorm. Nice to meet you.
Chris: Yamato... As in the traditional name for Japan?
Yamato: Yep. It's the same Yamato as in the Battleship Yamato, too.
Chris: That is a wonderful name. May I call you Yamato?
Yamato: Sure. Everyone else does, anyways.
Chris: Then it is a pleasure to meet you, Yamato.
*All the guys in the class seemed to be mulling over the same, impossible quandary.*
*To ignore the girl of your dreams, or to deal with her terrifying father?*
*I was the lucky one. Showing her around gave me an innocent excuse to be by her side.*
Chris: Your name also matches that of the protagonist of the Yamato-maru Dream Diaries.
Yamato: Oh, I've watched some of that. It's a good historical drama.
*Specifically, I'd watched one season. I was pretty sure there were dozens, and I'd bet she'd watched them all.*
Chris: Ah...
Chris: I have the entire series on DVD.
Yamato: Wow, I'm impressed. (That explains the horse.)
Chris: I love Yamato.
Yamato: Huh?! O-Oh, you mean the character.
Chris: ...Oh!
Chris: O-Of course I meant him. S-Sorry for not speaking more clearly.
Chris: Please accept my apologies.
Yamato: There's nothing to be sorry for. If anything, I should feel lucky for sharing his name.
Chris: Heh heh...
Yamato: Just don't start thinking I'm as strong as him.
Chris: His strength is certainly amazing, but what I love about him is his loyalty.
Yamato: I see. He does have a strong sense of justice.
Chris: Yes. The very word 'justice' excites me.
Yamato: So getting back on topic, do you see all the fliers in the hallways?
Chris: Yes... Are these help-wanted ads?
Yamato: Yeah. This school lets you work after all.
Yamato: But people post fliers for everything. There's one over here looking for friends to drink tea with.
Chris: How interesting. I wonder what this flier says...
Chris: 'Do you think you can beat me in shogi? There are big prizes for anyone who can!'
Yamato: There's a lot of competitive people in our school. There's another flier looking for video game speedrunners.
Chris: Then you compete against each other in various domains. Wonderful.
Jun: Whoa, she's beautiful. Not that she's in my strike zone.
Koyuki: Hoot.
Touma: Your interests never do change, Jun. Hahaha.
Jun: Why couldn't we have met ten years ago? It would've been perfect.
Koyuki: Hoot, hoot.
Jun: ...Are you an owl today?
Koyuki: Bingo!
*Every student who passed turned around to give Chris's beauty a longer look.*
Class B Student: Oh, Naoe. Are you showing the new girl around?
Yamato: Yeah. Let me introduce you two.
*And in fact, a lot of people came and talked to us.*
*We barely made any progress, so many people stopped to say hello.*
Chris: You have a lot of friends, Yamato. I have lost track of how many I have met.
Yamato: Yeah, sorry about that. It's just one after another.
Chris: But because of that, I have made many acquaintances here on my first day.
Chris: Thank you.
Yamato: I didn't have much of anything to do with that.
Yamato: They all want to talk to you because you're so beautiful.
Chris: ...Your flattery reminds me of my father's.
*Chris, for her part, observed the students who passed by.*
Chris: The girls of this school all have that gorgeous Yamato Nadeshiko style.
Yamato: We do have a pretty big sophisticated crowd, probably thanks to the area we're in... Though there's still plenty who don't fit that bill.
Yamato: But that seems like the perfect segue to showing you around town.
Chris: Would you? I would love that.
*We trudged along the river.*
Yamato: This is the Tama River. At this time of year, you can see the sweetfish that wintered in Tokyo Bay migrating upstream.
Chris: I can only imagine how beautiful it must be when their silver scales catch the light of the sun.
Yamato: Do you fish?
Chris: Yes. Lubeck is a seaside canal town.
Chris: You can even travel to the oldest part of the city by boat.
Yamato: It sounds serene.
*And so I took Chris to our next destination.*
Yamato: This is the Kawakami Temple.
Chris: Wow, so this is the legendary martial arts temple! Japan's ultimate weapon.
Yamato: Is that what they call it back in Germany?
Chris: I can sense such spirit and grace flowing from within!
Chris: It is spectacular to behold... Hm?
Kazuko: Oh, Kuri. What're you doing in front of my house?
Yamato: Miyako was busy with her club, so I'm showing Chris around town.
Kazuko: Hmmm. Well, Kuri? Tell me you don't think the Kawakami Temple's awesome!
Chris: Yes, it is wonderful. I am glad I came to Japan.
Kazuko: Then make an offering. C'mon, pay up.
Chris: Uh...
Yamato: Hey Wanko.
Kazuko: Wahaha. Just kidding!
Chris: When your sister, the principal, and the temple are all so majestic, it is a shame they have to keep you around.
Kazuko: Bwha?! Get off your high horse. You only beat me 'cause you were lucky!
Kazuko: But I have to go running! I don't have time to deal with stupidheads.
Yamato: ...Keep at it, Wanko. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Ooh... Mm-hm... I'll do my best.
Kazuko: Ready, go!!!
Chris: She has such wonderful ambition.
Yamato: If you think that much of her, please try to get along, okay?
Chris: She was the one who started it.
Yamato: ...You're not wrong.
Yamato: Anyway, while we're here, let's hit up a cafe.
Yamato: I'll have two kuzumochi.
Yamato: The traditional sweets here are delicious.
Chris: There is a distinct flavor about this street, I would say.
Yamato: See how many people here are in our school uniform?
Chris: Indeed. The tourists are plentiful, too.
Chris: Is kuzumochi the food I see everyone here eating?
Yamato: Yeah, they're famous for it. Nee-sa--I mean, Momo-senpai loves it, too.
Chris: Then I cannot wait.
Yamato: They come with soy flour and molasses, and taste even better loaded with them.
Yamato: You won't believe how well the sugary and savory flavors go together.
Chris: *Gulp!*
Yamato: Ahaha, I heard that!
Chris: Ah!
Chris: Gh. A-Are you making fun of me?!
Yamato: Sorry.
Chris: That was extremely inappropriate.
*Her cheeks grew pink from embarrassment.*
Yamato: Oh, it's ready. We've got our kuzumochi.
Chris: Then I would love to have some.
Chris: I must pour the molasses and soy flour on... Then eat!
Chris: *nom nom*
Chris: Oh...
Chris: Delicious!
Chris: And sweet.
Yamato: You like sweets, right?
Chris: How did you know?
Yamato: You don't have much of a poker face.
Chris: Ooh...
Yamato: There's no need to blush. Just enjoy it.
Chris: Yeah... They truly are delicious.
Chris: I must send some to my friends in Germany.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm sure they'll love them.
Chris: *om nom nom*
Yamato: And you eat gracefully too.
Chris: Is there something strange about how I eat?
Yamato: Let me ask you a question. What's your hobby?
Chris: Collecting stuffed animals.
Yamato: I see.
Chris: What is with that smile?
*She shot a small frown at me.*
*But I was simply surprised to learn she had a girly side as well.*
*I mean, what if Nee-san's dignified exterior hid a love of stuffed animals? It would be adorable. But in reality...*
Momoyo: My talent is annihilating my foes. My favorite manga is 'Fist of the North Bar'.
*With her, what you saw was what you got.*
Chris: What is your hobby, Yamato?
Yamato: Reading, watching movies... Oh, and I have pet hermit crabs.
Chris: Hermit crabs... Um, that is certainly a unique hobby.
Yamato: They're friendly and so cute. You could say that I have a soft spot for cute things.
Chris: Right?! I can hardly contain myself when I see my adorable plushie cat.
Yamato:  Nothing is cuter than a hermit crab!
Yamato: ...I probably shouldn't have said that aloud.
Chris: Huh...?
Chris: You said you like movies, then I trust you have seen The Seventy Samurai?
Yamato: Yeah. It's one of the rare movies that both film critics and the general public love... Though it could've done with a few less samurai.
*It was a classic of Japanese cinema.*
Yamato: Regardless, it was one of the films that really got me into movies. There was also...
*Old movies weren't my specialty, but I knew enough to hold a conversation. I usually tried to know a little bit about everything.*
Yamato: ...So my favorite version of The Village of Seven Gravestones is the 1977 one. The crime scene is practically something out of a horror movie.
Chris: I agree. The beautiful cinematography made the moment when he comes dashing through the falling cherry blossom petals absolutely terrifying.
Yamato: You really do know a lot about Japan, huh?
Chris: My love for Japan is no small thing, I will have you know.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm awed.
*She's going to do well here, I thought.*
*But I wondered if I could get her number.*
Yamato: Chris, do you have a cell phone?
Chris: Yes. I see they are widespread even in the country of samurai.
Yamato: Would you mind telling me your number?
Yamato: I'll give you a call when our class is heading out to do something.
Chris: Thank you!
Chris: But I must apologize...
Chris: Father told me not to give my contact information to men.
Yamato: Don't worry about it. He must really care for you.
Yamato: (She's like a princess in a castle.)
*So I decided to...*
Give up on it
Double down and make her tell me
Yamato: Oh yeah, I wanted to ask you something about Lubeck...
*I didn't need to go that far to get her number.*
*My odds didn't look good, but I could at least sow the seeds, as it were.*
Yamato: Then I'll just give you mine.
Yamato: Remember, we live in the same dorm. If you need any help, don't hesitate to call.
*I jotted down my number on a piece of paper and handed it to her.*
Chris: Thank you... That is very kind of you.
*And if she ever takes me up on my offer, I'd get her number. Unless she used a payphone, but no plan was perfect.*
*......*
*Before I knew it, it had gotten pretty late.*
Yamato: We should probably start heading back.
Chris: Ah, I suppose so.
Chris: I have enjoyed talking with you, Yamato.
*Chris said, smiling gently.*
Yamato: Same here. I can't believe how much time passed.
*We got along really well, if I do say so myself.*
*I went to the register to pay.*
Chris: The cost is 500 yen apiece?
Yamato: Let this be my treat, to celebrate your arrival. I mean, it's not much, but still.
Chris: I appreciate the sentiment, but I cannot allow it.
*I'd rather just get the bill paid.*
Yamato: It's fine, really. It's only 500 yen.
Chris: That is unacceptable. Please, allow me.
Yamato: The truth is, I made this 500 yen thanks to you, so you really don't have to feel indebted or anything.
Chris: Oh...? But I have done nothing that would enrich you.
Yamato: We actually gambled on whether you'd be a boy or a girl.
*I went on to explain the details.*
Yamato: And that's how we used our knowledge you were a girl to make some pocket money.
Chris: ...Grh!
Yamato: Well, that's all there is to it, so there's no need for you to--
Chris: ...
Yamato: Chris?
Chris: Yamato, would that not constitute swindling them?
Yamato: Swindling? I'd prefer to call it informational supremacy.
Chris: Gambling itself is detestable enough, but...
Chris: ...deception is an unthinkable act!
Yamato: Bwuh?!
Chris: Matches should be fought fair and square, with both competitors on equal footing.
Yamato: There's beauty in that, but it's not my style.
Yamato: I'd rather do everything I can to secure a smooth win.
Chris: ...You what?
Chris: That is unacceptable. Have you no sense of sportsmanship?
Yamato: What's wrong with using your brains?
Chris: Nothing. It is deception that I object to.
Yamato: It's not wrong if you don't get caught.
Chris: That is your perspective? Then you are a coward.
Yamato: What's cowardly about it?
Chris: How dare you share the same name as my beloved Yamato-maru!
Yamato: Honestly, I'm more a fan of Yami.
Chris: Yami? The evil killer-for-hire?
Yamato: He doesn't follow the rules, but his actions make sense. That's cool in my book.
Chris: You adore such a villain? I can not imagine why...
Yamato: I mean, I never really got Yamato-maru's obsession with justice. It's insane.
Chris: What do you mean? It is the triumph of justice over all! Is that not wonderful?!
Yamato: For starters, maybe he could stop being such a hardass all the time. Maybe use his head now and then.
Chris: Yami is just...
Yamato: Yamato-maru is no better.
Chris: Mmngh!
Yamato: Grrr!
*We stood at odds, the friendliness of few minutes ago all but forgotten.*
Yamato: ...Look, we need to get going. I still gotta take you to the dorm at least.
Chris: ...I suppose.
*We were silent on the way back to the dorm.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, there you are. I've been waiting for you, Chris-chan.
Chris: I am Christiane Friedrich.
Chris: It is a pleasure to meet you.
Yamato: She's in your hands now, Mrs. Shimazu.
Mrs. Shimazu: Ah, your meeting's today? Take care.
Yamato: Bye!
Chris: ...Mmh.
Mrs. Shimazu: You're in a foul mood. Did you get in a fight with Yamato-chan?
Mrs. Shimazu: He really is a good boy, with lots of friends.
Chris: Hmmm... Naoe Yamato...
*............*
Yamato: ...Can you believe that?
Gakuto: Hahaha. Maybe you shouldn't use such cheap tricks?
Miyako: What a rude woman. You showed her around, and this is how she repays you?!
Gakuto: Wait. If cheap tricks make her... UPSET...
Gakuto: ...then surely she will fall for the man who lets his body do the... TALKING!
Miyako: Not a chance. People like her always complaining!
Gakuto: Well, there's still her dad to be afraid of. My abs may be made of steel, but they can't stop a bullet.
Momoyo: It's fun to break one of those serious girls down and make her mine.
Momoyo: My girl power will make Chris head over heels for me.
Yamato: That power's looking pretty manly from where I'm--: Ow!
Momoyo: Heh hem. Maybe Mr. Cocky over here has to spend some more time with his big sister.
*She pulled me towards her, so I cast the only spell that could repel her.*
Yamato: Nee-san, isn't it about time you paid me back the money you owe me?
Momoyo: Zzz...
Miyako: I sympathize with wanting to pretend to be asleep, but I'd like my money back, too.
Momoyo: Okay, time for popcorn.
Miyako: She ignored us.
Momoyo: I'm kidding. I brought all the money I owe you!
*She scooped Miyako up in her arms.*
Miyako: Save me, Yamato. She's going to kidnap me, take me to her bed, and then I'll be doomed!
Yamato: Zzz...
Momoyo: I taught him to do that, you know.
Miyako: Lucky. I wish he'd take lessons from me. There's so much I want to teach him.
Momoyo: Then why don't we teach him together? We can go nice and slowly.
Yamato: I feel like I'm in a den of vipers, all waiting to pounce if I even blink.
Momoyo: Mm. I sense two auras, one strong, one average. Must be Wanko and Mororo.
Miyako: So they're both here. You really make security easy.
Momoyo: They're climbing the second floor stairs now.
*Nee-san was using her ki to scan everything within a 2km radius, allowing her to immediately detect if an intruder approached the building.*
Kazuko: We're here! And we brought drinks!
Cookie: Then I'll hold on to them.
Takuya: Oh, so we're just waiting on Capt?
Gakuto: He oughta be here soon. What were you up to, Moro?
Takuya: Yonpachi said his computer was slow, so I took a look. He had so much junk running in the background! It was amazing it worked at all.
Takuya: Adding more memory's still an option, but the first step was to free up resources, so I ran a program to delete unused files, registry data...
Miyako: There goes Moro talking about computers.
Momoyo: Hey, someone keep him company. Gakuto, you brought it up, so it's on you.
Gakuto: Plus we've there's the hermit crab lover over here. What a pain in the ass.
Yamato: You've got a problem with hermit crabs? Have you not seen how cute they are when they move? People could learn so much from their relaxed nature and...
Momoyo: Now you've got him going, too. Stop them already.
Miyako: Let me handle Yamato. I'll stop him, even if it costs me my virginity.
Gakuto: I'm more worried about Yamato's virginity.
Momoyo: And if he's already lost it?
Gakuto: Then he's a dead man.
Miyako: An extremely dead man.
Kazuko: Burgundy tea? What's that? Some new kind of candy?
Miyako: She's so radiantly pure. It's staring at the sun.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, what are you all talking about?
Miyako: It's all about the birds and the bees.
Kazuko: *blush* Ooh, it's something sexual.
Kazuko: I'm pretty clueless about all that...
Kazuko: Can you teach me, Onee-sama?
Miyako: I'm not interested in lesbians.
Gakuto: You're so cold.
Momoyo: How long are you going to keep talking? The last guy's here.
Yamato: Ouch!  (She bopped me on the head.)
*I heard the sound of a scooter.*
Yamato: That must be Capt.
Momoyo: Yeah, I'm sure of it. No one else has an aura that optimistic.
Shouichi: Heyya!
*Another stampede!*
Shouichi: Whoa. You come running when your favorite guy walks through the door, Wanko?
Kazuko: I've been waiting for you, dinner!
Shouichi: Oh, that explains that. The gang's all here, so... Let's start.
Shouichi: Here's today's leftovers, and there's a ton! Heh hem.
*Capt dropped his bags on the table and opened them up to reveal what he'd picked up from his work.*
*Rows and rows of sushi.*
Kazuko: You brought so much. You even have zaru-packs, with sushi on top and soba on the bottom.
Shouichi: We had lots of leftovers today. Go, dig in!
Momoyo: Mororo, sushi's here. You want chopsticks, right?
Takuya: I can add in a video accelerator card, then sell it for 180,000 yen-- Huh? Oh, Capt's here?
Shouichi: If ya don't get over here, all the good stuff'll be gone.
Gakuto: With this much sushi, it'll last a while.
Momoyo: You keep thinking that, Gakuto.
Kazuko: Right? I've been looking forward to this so much, I haven't eaten anything for hours.
Miyako: Yamato, here's some soy sauce.
Yamato: Thanks.
Miyako: Yamato, and some hot sauce.
Yamato: No thanks.
Miyako: I know you want it.
Yamato: You already mixed the hot sauce into the soy sauce, didn't you? It's way too red!
Shouichi: All right, let's eat!
*At Capt's command, everyone shot out their chopsticks. Well, except the ones who used their hands.*
Kazuko: Ahaha. Yum, yum, free sushi
Momoyo: The fried chicken last week was great, but this is also killer.
*The Kawakami sisters shoveled food down their gullets with their hands.*
Yamato: Leftovers are the best part of working part-time. Oh, I'll have some of that negitoro.
Gakuto: So Yamato-chi, you find any work?
Yamato: I'm giving it a lot of thought. But working with customers is too tiring for me.
Shouichi: Yeah, I think I'm done with this sushi delivery gig, too.
Takuya: Did you have any interesting experiences at least?
Shouichi: Not really. The work itself was all just easy delivery type stuff.
Shouichi: But the manager loves fishing, and he's gonna take me fishing at Amami-Oshima come summer. We'll sleep on the boat and everything. It'll be awesome.
Shouichi: Also, all the people ordering out were old folks, and they gave me loads of lottery tickets.
Takuya: They all think of you as their grandson, Capt.
Shouichi: The question is, where next?
Kazuko: *om nom nom* Don't forget to work at a food place on Fridays.
Shouichi: You know I won't. We gotta keep you full.
Momoyo: You've even managed to surpass me, Wanko.
Kazuko: Huh? Really? Yay!
Momoyo: Here, let me get that rice off your cheeks.
Kazuko: I'm gonna eat and train so hard that I'll be better than you at martial arts, too.
Momoyo: ...Will you, now?
Gakuto: Man, there's so much stuff here now.
Miyako: Everyone's kept bringing things in a few at a time, so...
Takuya: We have been using this place for a long while now.
Yamato: It does beat the heck out of the old field.
Gakuto: I liked that field. The land felt as if it were designed just for me.
Kazuko: Why'd they have to go and develop the whole area?
Miyako: I miss that place. It's where Yamato fell madly in love with the most popular girl in school -- me.
Yamato: That's equal parts masochistic and fabricated.
Gakuto: Didn't everyone treat you like you were diseased back then?
Miyako: Yes, Gakuto. I especially remember all the things you said.
Gakuto: I was just a kid back then...
Miyako: Simply hiding shoes is a little weak to call it bullying.
Takuya: This is getting scary.
Miyako: Now, killing someone's pet right in front of them? That's when things get serious.
Takuya: Miyako, I think that's enough.
Momoyo: Here, Miyako. I'll carry you.
Miyako: Hawah.
*We'd hung out together ever since we were little.*
*But back in middle school, Miyako's parents had divorced, and so she had had to transfer to a school out in Shizuoka.*
*Even then, she still made time to come in on Fridays for the meeting, and would spend the weekends with us too.*
*That was when we'd started leaving Fridays open, so we could all come here to hang out at our Secret Base.*
*That was what lay at the heart of our precious Friday Meetings.*
*Even now when Miyako was living here in the dorms, we kept the tradition going.*
*Personally, stopping it now would make me feel empty inside, and nobody else brought up the idea.*
*I believed these hangouts would continue to define our lives.*
Momoyo: As I told you earlier, I got paid today.
Miyako: The month's almost over, so I thought it was about time to collect.
Momoyo: Here's the money I worked my butt off to earn.
Momoyo: Hurry up and take what I owe, you money-grubbers.
Shouichi: Don't mind if I do. You managed to pay us back by the end of the month again.
Miyako: Then I'll take my 7000 yen, too.
Takuya: And mine. I'm glad you always pay your debts, but...
Gakuto: You gotta not borrow in the first place, Senpai. 'Kay, that's my money.
Kazuko: She owes me 3,000, so... Can anyone make change?
Miyako: Here, I've got you covered. I always have change ready, just for times like these.
Yamato: And that's my share. Okay, here's what you've got left. All debts paid within the month. Well done!
Momoyo: ...Hey. There's only 140 yen left.
Yamato: That's right.
Momoyo: I can't even buy the cafeteria's soba with this.
Momoyo: Yamato, your big sister's in trouble. Give me some financial aid.
Yamato: Whoa, don't come after me!
Yamato: You just need to work more.
Momoyo: Do I have to go back to lugging stuff at the construction site?
Takuya: You do look strangely good in a construction uniform, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Look, Gramp's crazy! No allowance for me, his little girl? How can I be frugal if I'm broke?
Kazuko: Do you want to deliver morning newspapers like I do?
Momoyo: Memorizing all the houses is too much work.
Momoyo: I wish I could take money from all the thugs who come to fight me.
Kazuko: But Grandpa said not to do that.
Momoyo: I wouldn't take from just anyone, just those who come at me by the dozen. It's only right that they pay the piper a bit more literally.
Yamato: Wanko, with all the work you get in, I assume you have money to spare?
Kazuko: Yep. I do lots of work, and I find time to train. Aren't I awesome?
Miyako: Good doggie! *pat pat*
Kazuko: Ohh...? Yamato, was that a compliment?
Yamato: Go ahead and rejoice.
Kazuko: Yay
*She did a little happy dance. She was such a bundle of joy.*
*We finished eating and relaxed.*
Shouichi: Then let's get on with today's agenda.
Miyako: What are we doing tomorrow?
Shouichi: That's important too, but... I wanna talk about the new girl, Chris.
Kazuko: Hm? What about Kuri?
Shouichi: Don't we wanna talk about letting her join our gang?
Takuya: No one mentioned anything about it to me!
Shouichi: Anyways, I'm down with it.
Yamato: Let's back up a step. How'd you arrive at that conclusion?
Shouichi: 'Cause Ms. Ume asked us to.
Yamato: She did tell us to look out for her, to be fair.
Takuya: Of course I want to get along with a classmate, but...
Takuya: Inviting her here to our Friday Meetings is on a totally different level.
Shouichi: I get that. But Chris is something else.
Shouichi: She's as strong-willed as all the other girls, and she's fun!
Shouichi: I got a thing for her. So I wanna hang out.
Takuya: Wait, did you fall in love? In amor?
Shouichi: Nope, this's nothing like that.
Shouichi: So. Been a long time since we let anyone in. What do you guys say?
Yamato: Let's ask everyone one at a time, Capt.
Shouichi: Okay. Then let's start with the queen bee herself, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: I'm in. This is just the first place I wanna take Chris to, if you catch my drift.
Yamato: You didn't even think about it.
Momoyo: I'm going to have so much fun with her, if you catch my drift.
Yamato: I very much do.
Momoyo: Don't worry, Yamato. You're the only lil' bro for me.
Momoyo: You'll always be my one-and-only subordinate. And this is the part where you cry with joy.
Yamato: I might cry, but not with joy.
Gakuto: I'm also in favor. She's cute and she's got guts. It's that simple.
Kazuko: I don't think we need Kuri... Well, but still.
Kazuko: It'd be nice to have more people I can challenge whenever I want.
Kazuko: Would she even like this sort of thing, though?
Shouichi: So no hard objections, but you wanna wait and play it by ear?
Kazuko: Yeah. Put me down for that. Huff, huff.
*Finished, Wanko began curling her dumbbells.*
Shouichi: Next, let's poll the girl who doesn't look too happy about this -- Miyako.
Miyako: I'm against it.
Shouichi: ...Yeah, that's how it's gonna be?
Miyako: We don't need to bring in any strangers. We're better off without anyone new.
Miyako: I like it being just the seven of us.
Momoyo: I can't get enough of how gloomy you are.
Miyako: ...
Gakuto: Wanko, talk some sense into this gloomy mushroom lover.
Kazuko: Why would you ask me, Gakuto? You might as well ask me if there's any point in you being alive.
Momoyo: This'll be fun. Go, Wanko. Shine on, Wanko.
Kazuko: Okay, Onee-sama! Your wish is my command!
Gakuto: Man, they say dogs create a strict peckin' order, but still.
Yamato: So you're definitely ranked at the bottom.
Kazuko: Hey, Mister Miyako!
Miyako: Mister is for men. *glare*
Kazuko: Wahh... Don't look at me like that.
Yamato: She got shot down before she even started.
Gakuto: That idiot just self-destructed. Moro, you think you can do it?
Takuya: Mmm. I think I agree with Miyako that we shouldn't.
Takuya: Adding a new member now would be more effort than it's worth.
Miyako: Well said, Moro. Come join me in the mushroom zone.
Miyako: We'll spread our spores and brainwash everyone.
Yamato: Someday we'll look back on this moment as The Song of Miyako.
Shouichi: Um, so right now, we're at three in favor, two against, and one wait-and-see.
Shouichi: Yamato, your voice counts for a lot. What d'ya say?
Kazuko: Heheh, there's a lot on your shoulders. Yay yay!
Yamato: Hmmm.
Kazuko: Don't ignore me...
*Was I in favor of Chris joining our group, or against?*
Yamato: I...
I'm in favor of letting Chris join
I don't think Chris should join
Let's wait and see
Yamato: I'm in favor of letting Chris join.
Miyako: Mmph.
Momoyo: Good, good. I'm proud of you, lil' bro. *pat pat*
Gakuto: Well, any healthy male would've given that answer, baby.
Miyako: I thought you were angry with her.
Yamato: That doesn't mean we'll permanently be at each other's throats.
Yamato: She's alone, far from home. That's hard.
Miyako: I see...
Miyako: You truly are kind.
Shouichi: Majority vote means that's that, Miyako.
Miyako: I'm fine with that. If Yamato's for it, then I suppose I am too.
Takuya: I can't really keep fighting against it by myself.
Yamato: I'm with Miyako. I don't think Chris should join us.
Miyako: I thought so. That's the exact thing I'd expect to hear from my husband from a past life.
Yamato: I can not entertain that fantasy.
Shouichi: Gimme your reason, and say it like Mr. Lu.
Yamato: Would she fit in here? That is too questionable.
Yamato: We cannot dismiss the possibility that her presence might upset the balance.
Miyako: *nod nod*
Shouichi: Three in favor of, three against, and one wait-and-see? It's all tied up.
Shouichi: As Capt, I get to make the final call, but...
Yamato: But you'll need to make some compromises.
Shouichi: Mm, yeah. How should we play this...
Shouichi: Ah, got it. Then we'll invite her, but if you don't like how it turns out, we'll kick her out.
Yamato: So we'll re-examine her later? That seems fair, right, Miyako?
Miyako: ...Yeah. I still don't want this, but... if you say so.
Yamato: Moro, what about you?
Takuya: Yeah, I'll side with you two.
Gakuto: You're a stereotypical Japanese guy, Moro.
Yamato: Let's wait and see.
Kazuko: Wow, we agree! That makes us super friends.
Yamato: She's all alone, far from home. Part of me wants to cheer her up.
Yamato: And while she did piss me off, there's no point in holding a grudge.
Yamato: But the real question is, will she fit in here?
Miyako: Yeah. That's what I'm most worried about.
Miyako: This is my--no, our secret base.
Miyako: If any outsiders have anything to say about that, I am going to annihilate them.
Kazuko: C-Calm down, Miyako. Okay? Just relax.
Shouichi: So basically, you're down with at least asking her?
Yamato: Yeah. I mean, you like her.
Yamato: But of course, if Miyako and Chris get in a fight, I'm taking Miyako's side.
Shouichi: 'Course you would. You don't have to tell me that. Right, that's that!
Shouichi: We're inviting Chris.
Shouichi: But, Miyako's not all that happy about this...
Shouichi: Well then, if things start to feel less fun around here, we'll shut that shit down and kick her out.
Yamato: (He's using some strong language, all so that Miyako feels more comfortable with this.)
Miyako: Yeah. Okay.
Shouichi: But y'know, the way I see it, things are gonna be way more fun with her around.
Shouichi: It's been years since I last suggested adding anyone, right? That's how you know Chris is just that awesome.
Takuya: There's never a sliver of doubt in you.
Shouichi: Yeah, and you can trust my judgment.
Yamato: Okay. But before we get too ahead of ourselves, we need to find out how Chris herself feels about all this.
Cookie: Great discussion, everyone. Would you like something to drink?
*Cookie had prepared coffee for us.*
Momoyo: Get me some peach juice.
Miyako: I want a Godly Habanero Kaiser Drink.
Cookie: You are always quite demanding.
Cookie: But I figured you would be, so I've come prepared.
Gakuto: You know me, I love meat, so I'll have some gravy!
Cookie: Yes, yes. I have it right here.
Gakuto: *gulp* ...Yeah, I love this meaty flavor.
Kazuko: Uhh, Miyako? Your drink is super red, but I guess isn't that unusual for you.
Miyako: Want some? I'll share a little.
Kazuko: N-No. I'm good. Really.
*She hid in the shadow of her sister.*
Momoyo: Oh? You're at the age when you want all my attention? There, there.
Kazuko: Wauuu.
*Nee-san pulled her sister in for a warm hug.*
Miyako: It's so wonderfully red, and yet Wanko says she doesn't want any.
Yamato: Uh, I'm pretty sure that's exactly why she doesn't.
Cookie: Meister, you asked for cola?
Shouichi: You got it. Ice-cold cola poured into a glass with exactly one ice cube taken from the Alaskan glaciers... Then all's left is to gulp it down!
Shouichi: Pwah! Cola's the best! It's the energy that keeps me going!
Momoyo: I love having you around. You even keep our drinks cold.
Yamato: Though he only has enough space for one bottle at a time.
Shouichi: And you drain power like no one's business whenever you plug in to recharge.
Cookie: That's because my specialty is making popcorn. Beautiful, delicious popcorn.
*He literally had a popcorn popper function built right into him.*
*So there was always popcorn here at the base.*
Kazuko: So, what're we doing tomorrow? Well? Well?!
Yamato: Hmm, let's see...
Shouichi: It's mid-spring, so it oughta be great out. What d'ya say to hanging out by the river?
Kazuko: Yeah, I'm totally up for that. We can do laps around the riverbed!
Yamato: You're just happy because you'll get to exercise.
Miyako: I'm fine with that. Actually, I don't care what we do.
Momoyo: But we did stay indoors to watch movies and play pool during the winter.
Gakuto: We should do basketball. Then I can show off my slam dunk skills.
Takuya: I guess everyone's minds are made up. I do need to play outdoors sometimes, too.
Shouichi: Then let's meet up at the riverbed at nine.
Kazuko: Huuh?
Yamato: Yeah, that's definitely on the early side.
Kazuko: No, it's too late. Let's meet at seven instead.
Takuya: Wait, that's your problem with it?!
Yamato: You'll have plenty of time for that whole early-to-bed, early-to-rise thing when you're old!
Momoyo: Wanko, what if we train in the morning first? Then we can all meet at ten o'clock.
Shouichi: Then ten o'clock it is. Aim to show up around then.
Takuya: What exactly are we doing?
Shouichi: Play'n hide and seek.
Gakuto: For the last round, the plan's to have Moro be 'it' while everyone sneaks home, leavin' him with nobody to find.
Takuya: I still can't believe you actually did that to me back in elementary school! You traumatized me!
Miyako: Us bullied kids had it tough.
Gakuto: Not Moro. He's been safe ever since I placed him under my protection.
Takuya: But you've been the most sadistic of all.
Miyako: Gakuto's the S? And Moro's the M? So you two have been... *blush*
Takuya: No! How do you even think like that?
Miyako: Two young boys, their bodies becoming a tangled and sweaty mess... I'd ship it.
Kazuko: I don't know if I can. Can you, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Well, if a guy can't find the right girl, sometimes he'll go for the right guy instead.
Takuya: Flip the genders, Momo-senpai, and you're talking about yourself!
Momoyo: You know I'm not lesbian. So come one men, make my heart flutter.
Takuya: No way I can do that. Gakuto, she's all yours.
Gakuto: I've gotten shot down too many times in a row to shoot for you today. Capt, you try.
Shouichi: Huh? Living for love would just wear me down. Yamato, go!
Yamato: Me?
Momoyo: Come, Yamato. Jump into my arms.
*Nee-san spread her arms wide.*
Don't jump
Jump
Jump... into Gakuto's arms
Yamato: I'll pass. I'm pretty sure you'd kill me if I tried.
Momoyo: Hmph. You need to grow a pair.
Momoyo: When the guys are like this, why wouldn't I go for the girls?
*And so the night grew late...*
Yamato: I'll do it!
*I jumped into her arms, knowing it might cost me my life.*
Momoyo: Haha, you really did it. Good boy.
*She caught me in her ample bosom, and for a moment, I was in heaven.*
Momoyo: You deserve a reward. Let's start with the bear hug of love.
Yamato: Gaaaah! M-My back!
*Then it quickly turned to hell.*
Takuya: You knew this would happen, and you still went for it?
Shouichi: Yamato sure knows how to be entertaining.
Momoyo: The contract says he's all mine. He can't disobey me.
Yamato: Why did I ever agree to that?!
Gakuto: When you're gettin' made fun of this badly, I'm not even jealous.
Kazuko: Waah! Move, move, move!
*Wanko forced herself in between me and Nee-san.*
Miyako: Dogs can get jealous when their master grows friendly with someone else.
Takuya: Sounds like something that would be in Yamato's dog training book.
Gakuto: You're not bothered by any of this, Miyako?
Miyako: I'm waiting until she lets him go, then swoop in when he's weak and defenseless. Like an owl would.
Gakuto: Damn, you're cold. A true love hunter.
*And so the night grew late...*
Yamato: I'll jump... into Gakuto's arms!
*I jumped toward him.*
Gakuto: You're a real joker, Yamato. Fuck around, and I'll kill you.
*He easily caught me with his sturdy muscles.*
Gakuto: Are you jealous of my mighty biceps? But you know, I'm not interested in guys.
Kazuko: A guy... jumped into another guy's arms?
Miyako: Jealousy burns inside me...: But I can't stop watching! It's so good!
Kazuko: Oh, Miyako's okay with it. Yay!
Gakuto: I ain't joking! You want them to get the wrong impression? Get away.
Momoyo: So you'd go to a man over me?
Yamato: It's a once-in-a-decade sort of day.
Momoyo: Actually, I get the urge to tease you once a decade, too.
Yamato: Wait, you mess with me all the--: Gah!
*She pushed me onto the table and mounted me.*
Momoyo: Let's start the show! It's time for Yamato's public execution!
Miyako: May I take Yamato's first kiss?
Yamato: Like hell you can!
Momoyo: Looks like your spine's a bit out of alignment. Lemme fix that for you.
Yamato: Wawawa! No, stop! All of you, help me!
Takuya: Who do you think will win the pennant race this year?
Gakuto: It's gotta be that team where everyone's a power hitter. There is nothin' more adventurous than going in guns blazing.
Yamato: Quit acting like you can't see me and help! Baseball talk can wait!
Momoyo: I'll give you one chance. Make me laugh, and I'll let you go.
Yamato: Then I've got a great American joke I've been saving. So this guy, Bob, is carrying a huge barrel when this other guy, Mike, sees him and says, 'H--
Momoyo: Too long! I'm sick of waiting. Time to die.
Yamato: But I was almost at the best p--Ouch! Wait, why does it feel so good?!
*Her fingers started pressing against my backbone.*
Momoyo: You're a bit stiff. That's a sign your body and mind aren't healthy.
Momoyo: I'll make you unwind, nice and slowly.
Yamato: Gwaaaaaah!
*She trampled me.*
*But when it was all over, I no longer felt fatigued. My circulation felt better, and I felt like I could stay up all night.*
*What sort of massage could do that?*
*--Saturday, a day with no school.*
Yamato: So I'm going to enjoy my sleep... Zzz...
Miyako: Zzz...
Yamato: What are you doing in my futon?!
Miyako: We did the dirty deed. *blush*
Yamato: As if! You snuck into my bed this morning.
Miyako: I suppose that was just my imagination. Hehehe.
Yamato: If we actually had done it last night, you'd still be dead tired.
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: After all the times you've tempted me, I would've kept you awake all night doing every perverted thing I could think of.
Miyako: Huh...? Ah, ooh.
*Her face turned red.*
Miyako: What kind of things...?
Yamato: Look, just get out of my room.
Miyako: Ahhh, don't blue ball me... It's too early in the morning for this!
*--Meanwhile, in Mayzumi Yukie's room on the second floor.*
Yukie: Dearest Father.
Yukie: It has been a few weeks since I entered Kawakami Academy. How have things been back home?
Yukie: I have yet to make any friends, so I spend my days hugging my legs in my room.
Yukie: However, it was I who begged for your permission to come here.
Yukie: I swear that I shall one day make friends you would be proud to meet.
Yukie: The weather will soon become hot, so please take care of yourself. Sincerely yours, Yukie.
Matsukaze: There's somethin' about your letter writin' that doesn't sound quite right, Mayucchi.
Yukie: This is fine. Father did say my writing grows stiff when using a formal tone.
Matsukaze: Avoidin' that is a tall order.
Yukie: Whew... I do enjoy sending letters to family back home.
Matsukaze: Don't get timid on me, girl. Go on the attack. Send your pitches high and inside!
Yukie: You want me to aim for the corners?
Matsukaze: You still say you wanna live it up with Kazama's group?
Yukie: Yes... I cannot imagine anything more fun.
Matsukaze: Then march over there and tell 'em to let your sorry ass in!
Yukie: I-I wouldn't want to get in their way...
Matsukaze: But your maiden heart's itchin' to hang with them!
Yukie: Yes... I want friends...
Yukie: I don't want to be alone anymore...
Yukie: There are only so many card games I can play by myself...
Yukie: Let's start by scouting the first floor.
Yukie: N-Nobody's here...
Matsukaze: Saturdays are busy too when you've got friends.
Yukie: Chris-san moved in yesterday, so she'll be here. I'll aim for her.
Matsukaze: That's the spirit! Move your legs, Mayucchi!
*............*
Gakuto: Battin' fourth, it's the first baseman, Shimazu! (He stepped up to the plate.)
Miyako: Gakuto? Him I can make strike out swinging. (She was at the pitcher's mound.)
Gakuto: Rah! Show me your moves, Miyako! I'll launch your weak pitches all the way across the Pacific!
Momoyo: Miyako can throw pretty well, you know. (She was the catcher.)
Miyako: Get ready, right fielder and left fielder.
Yamato: We're all set. Give him what you've got. (I was in right field.)
Kazuko: I'll catch any ball that comes my way. (She was in left field.)
Miyako: After all, any grounder that doesn't come screaming off the bat is an automatic out.
Gakuto: I would never hit a grounder! Only home runs are good enough for me!
*Chris was watching us play.*
Chris: Baseball, huh?
Shouichi: Well, it's just a fun game of batters facing off against pitchers.
Shouichi: We're always hanging out like this.
Miyako: Hah! No handsome man can hit this ball!
Gakuto: *swing* Really?!
Miyako: Strike one.
Gakuto: That was cheap. Take this seriously, Miyako.
Miyako: No way.
Yamato: Miyako! Take him seriously!
Miyako: Will do.
Gakuto: Man, I just... I am hittin' that ball out of this park.
Gakuto: Hmph!
Miyako: Huh? You hit it?
Gakuto: There! If we were in a stadium, that would've been a homerun hittin' the batter's eye!
Momoyo: Gakuto, you silly fool. You've forgotten how fast her outfielder is.
Kazuko: Ha-hah! Easy jump and catch!
Yamato: Nice catch! (I hadn't moved an inch.)
Miyako: Doubling as center fielder as well, Wanko? My win.
Gakuto: Wait, that's way outside the playin' field. You cheated, Wanko.
Yamato: An out is an out. Don't be a poor sport, Gakuto!
Gakuto: Oh, you're messin' with the wrong nice guy. Get in the batter's box, Yamato.
Yamato: Okay, that's fine. Then you can be the pitcher.
Chris: They seem to be enjoying themselves.
Shouichi: Then you oughta join us.
Chris: May I?
Shouichi: We talked it over, and we're down with it. Come on in.
Chris: Thank you.
Chris: I am glad to make so many friends so quickly.
Takuya: We've talked it out with Chris. She's joining.
Gakuto: Great. Welcome!
Momoyo: Then we gotta celebrate tonight at the Shimazu Dorm.
Momoyo: I'll bring some meat from the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: After that, we can take a bath together and get super intimate.
Miyako: Chris's joining us!
Kazuko: Wow. That was fast.
Kazuko: Kuri! I've been here longer, and don't you forget it! You'd better show me some respect!
Chris: Oh, Dog... No matter how often I see her, she still baffles me.
Takuya: Do you have something against Wanko?
Chris: Oh, no. I assure you I do not.
Chris: But I cannot see how she is related to the principal and Momoyo-dono.
Shouichi: Oh, that's 'cause Wanko's adopted.
Chris: Huh?!
Shouichi: An old lady took her in after her parents died, but she also passed away. So Momo-senpai, heck, the whole Kawakami Temple took her in.
Chris: I see now...
Shouichi: Oh...? There's nothing to be sad about. Don't go feeling blue.
Takuya: Most everyone around here already knows it.
Chris: And yet, in my ignorance, I told her a terribly insensitive thing.
Chris: Like that she alone seemed out-of-place at the Kawakami Temple...
Shouichi: You said that to Wanko? Damn, that's low.
Chris: Ugh... I-I shall go apologize.
Shouichi: I'm kidding! No need to go bringing it back up!
Takuya: It's all right. Wanko wasn't against you joining.
Takuya: A family's a family, no matter how they came to be.
Chris: Come to think of it, Yamato was patting her head back then.
Shouichi: Yeah, he'll casually sweep in to prop people up. That's why we call him Tactician.
Chris: I see...
Shouichi: How long're you gonna keep beating yourself up for? Don't worry about it.
Takuya: Yeah. I'll go play first base. I shouldn't be able to screw that up.
Shouichi: C'mon, Chris. Get in here!
Chris: ...Okay!
*............*
Yukie: ...Chris-san wasn't there.
Yukie: Did she go outside to play?
Matsukaze: She's been here all of one day, and she already got friends?
Yukie: Making friends on your first day in a foreign country... That's an amazing skill.
Matsukaze: While my Mayucchi is...
Yukie: Waahhhhhh!
* Yukie's plan to make 100 friends had stalled.*
*............*
*--The Usami Freelance Agency.*
*Located off of Oyafukou Street behind Kawakami Station, Usami Kyojin's four-man agency would accept just about any job.*
Tadakatsu: Pops, we've figured out who's stalking Tanaka-san.
Kyojin: What, you got it all figured out already? I'm glad I'm leaving this place to you.
Tadakatsu: I caught him searchin' through the client's mail. Look.
Tadakatsu: Okay, you got his face on the photo and everything.
Kyojin: Then go tell Tanaka-san the good news. We'll figure out what to do with the guy once we see how she reacts.
Tadakatsu: Right. I'm on it.
Kyojin: When you're done, get some rest. Don't forget the mixer's tonight.
Tadakatsu: I know we say we do anything, but I still can't believe someone hired us to be at a mixer.
Kyojin: Hah, beats the hell out of that time I was some guy's wingman.
Kyojin: We just gotta set the mood and hook the client up with the best girl.
Kyojin: And nobody cares what we do with the other girls. Heh heh heh.
Tadakatsu: Who cares? Screw that.
Kyojin: ...Tadakatsu, sit down.
Tadakatsu: What, Pops?
Kyojin: When I plucked you out of that orphanage, this old man knew he'd found someone special.
Kyojin: You got guts and you're a quick study, even if you are unfriendly.
Tadakatsu: I'm thankful too, Pops. You're teaching me the job and all.
Kyojin: Great. Then answer this question honestly, Tadakatsu.
Kyojin: Why aren't you interested in women? It ain't right.
Tadakatsu: You ask me that, all while looking like you're afraid the world's gonna end?
Kyojin: I didn't want to believe it... but I guess it can happen to anyone. Here, take this.
* Just one dose and your erection will keep rising like a phoenix!*
Tadakatsu: What? Fuck no! You tryin' to piss me off?!
Kyojin: Then... You're into men? Like Naoe or Kazama?
Tadakatsu: Now you're weirding me out!
Kyojin: Hah. Even if you are gay, you're still you.
Tadakatsu: It's got nothin' to do that. I'm straight.
Kyojin: Then you'd be getting laid left and right, what with that face.
Kyojin: You have to get yourself a few quickies, learn how to please a girl.
Tadakatsu: You're a teacher. Don't let anyone else catch you talkin' like that... I'm out.
Kyojin: Hey, Tadakatsu! I'm nowhere near done! Get back here!
Tadakatsu: I don't need your worrying!
Kyojin: What the heck... There a girl he likes, maybe?
*A crimson blanket already covered the riverside.*
Child A: The ponytail girl's running again today.
Child B: She's so dedicated. Though we're pretty desperate ourselves with middle school entrance exams.
Child A: I was studying history when my granny got angry and started ranting about needing to study something else. Time to throw her in an old folks' home.
Child B: They say first exams are to give us a leg up, but it's just more stuff to brag about. We also have to have fun or we'll get all out of whack.
Tadakatsu: Whoa, kids these days are bratty whiners.
Tadakatsu: Freaking quit your bitchin' and just be happy your parents care, dammit.
Kazuko: ...Whew. Huff, huff. That's fifty sprints.
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Ah, I'll do one more set.
Tadakatsu: Good job, Kazuko. Here, I brought you a drink.
Kazuko: Oh, Ta-chan. Thanks as always.
Tadakatsu: Those idiots ain't here today?
Kazuko: They were playing here until a moment ago.
Kazuko: They went home, but I have to train.
Tadakatsu: What about Momo-senpai?
Kazuko: She's doing a 100-man kumite back at the temple. I want to do one, too.
Tadakatsu: Makes sense. Oh, I got word from Rikuo.
Kazuko: Ohh! I haven't thought about Riku in forever! How's he doing?
Tadakatsu: He's training to be a cook.
Tadakatsu: He claims he can hear the top chefs chewing him out in his sleep.
Kazuko: Ahaha. A cook, huh? We have to eat his food once his dream comes true.
Kazuko: Everyone's working so hard. I can't slack off, either!
Tadakatsu: ...But none of us've found our parents yet.
Kazuko: They did give us up at a baby box.
Kazuko: Well, I don't really care about that. I'm going to do one more set!
Tadakatsu: Okay, I'll lie down here and watch.
Kazuko: You have work again tonight?
Tadakatsu: I wanna drop out of school and focus on work, honestly.
Kazuko: Don't. You only get to be a student once.
Tadakatsu: Heh, you sound like Pops.
Kazuko: Fight on!
Tadakatsu: ...You've changed, Kazuko. You used to be such a crybaby.
Tadakatsu: Girls are damn tough.
*............*
*--The Shimazu Dorm, first floor.*
Shouichi: Yamato, Yamato! I'm hungry, I'm hungry!
Yamato: The meat's on its way from the Kawakami Temple! Just hang in there!
Shouichi: But Momo-senpai has to finish her training first! I can't wait that long!
Shouichi: Getting to cook our own food on the weekends sounded great, but it's a trap!
Yamato: Unfortunately, I'm fresh out of food.
Shouichi: Then you're no tactician at all!
Shouichi: Whenever I'm in trouble, you gotta say to yourself, 'That our Capt!' and then come help me. Or do you want me to go down the wrong path?
Yamato: Man, playing all day sure works up an appetite...
Shouichi: This is the perfect opportunity to try out those hermit crabs of yours. They'd totally taste good, like grilled turban shells. Kidding!
Yamato: Touch my crabbies and I'll teach you a lesson about the stock market. You'll be hooked, in debt, and too scared to even read the world news.
Shouichi: ...You're scaring me, Yamato.
Yamato: Let's go out to eat.
Shouichi: You got that kinda cash?! Make it rain money, my man! Like a golden shower!
Yamato: ...That doesn't mean what you think it means. Also, don't you have your money from work? And the bet?
Shouichi: I put all that away to save for the future.
Yamato: You don't waste a second when it comes to that... Let's give the fridge a look.
Shouichi: Yeah! Mrs. Shimazu might've left food in there!
Shouichi: And it's first come, first serve! *dash*
Yamato: Hey, wait! Damn, he's fast.
Shouichi: I'm at the fridge. Let's hit that 'Search' command and see what we find!
Shouichi: Whoa, there's some meat in here that looks a bit too cheap!
Yamato: If it were raw ham, we could just eat it cold, but...
Shouichi: We can't cook, so what's the plan now?
Yamato: Didn't they teach you how to cook at work?
Shouichi: Lemme be straight with you. It ain't worth the effort if I'm not getting paid.
Yamato: C'mon! Staring at this meat's making me even hungrier.
Shouichi: Let's rock-paper-scissors. Loser has to cook. Also, I'm ruling you can only throw rock.
Yamato: Sure thing, as long as you can only use scissors.
Yukie: ... *peek*
Yukie: (I thought I heard someone down here... It's Naoe-san and Kazama-san.)
Yukie: (They're hungry. I feel bad for them...)
Yukie: (I could make something for them, but I don't know if they'd like my cooking...)
Yukie: (Ah!!!)
Yukie: (Could this be my chance? If I offer to cook them something, maybe we'd become friends.)
Yukie: (B-But, even so... If I walked up and said that, they'd probably think I'm a creepy stalker.)
Yukie: (No. If I run away here, nothing will change.)
Yukie: (I'm going to make 100 friends. Only 100 to go!)
Matsukaze: Mayucchi... You're grownin', girl. You're awesome.
Yukie: Okay. Here I go.
Tadakatsu: Hey, ya guys ever gonna shut up?
Shouichi: Oh! Gen-san's home! Everybody loves Gen-san!
Yamato: It's our wonderful Gen-san! We're starving!
Shouichi: Cook us something! There's stuff in the fridge! We're here to cheer you on!
Tadakatsu: Why am I stuck cookin' for you dumbasses?
Yamato: If you don't cook for us, the malnutrition will wither away our bright futures, and leave us with only enough brain power to say train station names.
Tadakatsu: Go eat the popcorn that weird robot makes.
Shouichi: No way! I tried to live on that stuff a couple weeks ago, and I turned as yellow as the popcorn!
Tadakatsu: Ain't my problem. I've got work tonight. Stay out of my way.
Yamato: Ugh... There he goes, back to his room.
Shouichi: Nerima... Sakuradai... Ekoda... Higashi-Nagasaki.
Yamato: Ah, you're already reciting train station names! And they're all from the Seibu-Ikebukuro Line! This is bad...
Yukie: U-Um...
Yamato: Hm? Oh, you're that freshman from upstairs... Mayuzumi Yukie, was it?
Shouichi: Shiinamachi?
Yukie: E-Err... I-If you don't mind, umm, I could, you know...
Yamato: U-Uh, there's no need to start glaring at us.
Tadakatsu: Tch. All that food talk made me hungry.
Tadakatsu: It's you idiots' lucky day. I'll make you something light, too.
Yamato: I knew you would, Gen-san! You're the one guy I'd sleep with. But I'm straight, so let's not!
Yukie: U-Umm...
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I'm mostly cooking for myself.
Yamato: So Mayuzumi-san, what is it?
Yukie: Oh... N-No, it's nothing.
Yukie: I'm so sorry!
Shouichi: Watch out next time.
Yukie: I-I will! So... Bye!
Yamato: Why'd she apologize?
Shouichi: Mm, I dunno. I just tried to play along.
Yukie: Wahh... I failed again...
Yukie: Time for another solo debriefing.
Yukie: Okay!
Matsukaze: 'Kay, Mayucchi.
Yukie: I think my mistake is that I get so focused on making friends that I can't relax.
Matsukaze: You said it. Gotta act all natural.
*............*
Tadakatsu: Food's ready, dumbasses. Though all you're getting's meat and potato stew.
Shouichi: Sweet! Eating this is gonna make me a better guy.
Tadakatsu: Tch. Freaking hell. Hey.
Yamato: What?
Tadakatsu: I made some rice balls out of the leftovers. You idiots can have 'em as a midnight snack. The rest are wrapped up. Am I freaking clear?
Shouichi: G-Gen-san, you care about us that much?
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I just don't wanna see your sorry faces waking me up at night 'cause you're hungry or some shit.
*Gen-san grumbled back to his room.*
Shouichi: Think he'll do the dishes for us?
Yamato: I think he'd kill us over the dishes. Let's do them ourselves.
*--Three hours later.*
Momoyo: Good evening! Your sister's here!
Yamato: Whoa, knock first!
Momoyo: Hmm, your hermit crabs are still looking well.
Yamato: I know, right?! During this time of the year, they--
Momoyo: That's enough explaining!
Yamato: Ok.
Momoyo: I brought beef, straight from the temple's kitchen.
Kazuko: Yahoo.
Momoyo: Listen to me, Wanko. Yamato was reading a porn mag.
Kazuko: Gah! That's nasty, you pervert! You stupid pervert!
Yamato: That doesn't have a smidgen of truth to it.
Momoyo: And the girl in it looked sporty, and had a ponytail too.
Kazuko: Awawawawa!
Yamato: Please stop.
Momoyo: Look at those used tissues... You're so young, Yamato.
Yamato: I have a cold.
Momoyo: So, where's the porn mag?
Yamato: I don't have any.
Momoyo: Yay! (She threw open a drawer.)
Yamato: Wow! There goes the great martial artist, using her elite skills to search through every drawer!
Momoyo: Hey, there's nothing here. How boring...
*Of course there wasn't. I knew she was coming, so I planned ahead.*
Momoyo: Oh well. I guess I'll doodle in your notebook.
* Momoyo was here! |* ) Yo*
Yamato: Ugh... You took up an entire page with that.
*She has always been that way.*
*For instance, back when I was in fourth grade...*
Gakuto: Hmph!
Fourth Grader: Ouch!
Kazuko: Yay! Go Gakuto!
Fourth Grader: Dammit. You'll regret this!
Shouichi: Hah hah hah! We've defended our turf!
Takuya: Since this field's so big, so many people come here.
Shouichi: But we aren't giving it to anyone. This is our hangout!
Takuya: I think Tony from Class 1's after this place, too.
Yamato: Between my intellect and Gakuto's strength, we can't lose.
Gakuto: Yeah, we're invincible!
Kazuko: But I'm not doing anything.
Gakuto: No one expects anythin' from you, crybaby. Don't worry about it. Moro hasn't done anything either.
Shouichi: Gakuto, Yamato, and I are enough.
Kazuko: But I...
Takuya: We can count on you.
Yamato: Heh. When I gaze upon my fellow classmates, I see lifeless eyes and minds devoid of thought. (I was overly pessimistic back then.)
*Force determined the hierarchy among us kids.*
*Between Capt's popularity and Gakuto's strength, we were securely positioned at the top of the pecking order.*
Miyako: U-Uuhh...
Kazuko: Oh, she's from the class next to ours.
Shouichi: Hm? What's up? You wanna play with us?
Gakuto: Hey, don't look at her! You'll get the Shiina Virus!
Yamato: Hey, that's terrible, Gakuto. Don't say that about her. She's not even in our class! Haha.
Shouichi: Don't be lame, guys.
Yamato: Hmph. What happens to her is her fault, if she's too weak to stop it.
Miyako: ...Uuuh.
*We had no idea what was going on in Miyako's life back then. We simply wanted to keep away from the bullied kid from the other class.*
*Miyako remembered who had said what to her, and she'd occasionally dig up those old memories whenever she wanted to make someone feel guilty.*
*Then one day, we fought some older kids over the field.*
*We were in fourth grade, while they were in sixth. And they outnumbered us. Bad odds, by any metric.*
*But I had a plan. Using Moro as a distraction, I managed to divide their forces.*
*All that was left was for Gakuto to beat the four kids in front of us.*
Sixth Grader: Don't move, any of you. Not unless you don't care what happens to her!
Kazuko: Wahhh! Help me!
*The older kid held a drawing compass against Wanko's face.*
Sixth Grader: Anyone moves, and she's gonna have her ears pierced.
Yamato: A hostage? I told you to hide, Wanko!
Kazuko: But, but... I was worried. *sniff*
Gakuto: Kh! Yamato, what do we do now?
Yamato: Either we give up on Wanko, or we get beat up.
Shouichi: If that's all we got, that ain't much of a choice.
Gakuto: We don't let our friends get hurt.
*Gakuto and Capt sat down on the spot.*
Shouichi: You got us this time.
Yamato: The rest of their party's back, too. This is going to hurt...
*............*
Sixth Grader: Hah! *Thud!* *Crack!* You think you're big shots?!
Gakuto: We're really sorry.
Yamato: We won't fight you again, Senpai.
Sixth Grader: Good to see you can learn your place, Naoe, Shimazu.
Gakuto: (Are you stupid? I'll get you back twice as hard someday.)
Yamato: (Good, Gakuto. Just keep saying whatever will make them stop.)
Sixth Grader: Kazama! What about you?!
Shouichi: I told you. You got us this time, Senpai.
Yamato: (You idiot. You could've lied and gotten this over with.)
Sixth Grader: That's no answer. You think you're some sort of cool spy, like Brosnan?
Sixth Grader: Then maybe we oughta pierce your ears.
*He stabbed Capt's ear with the compass.*
Sixth Grader: Mwahahaha! I'm so evil.
Shouichi: Ouch... You'll get in trouble with the police now.
Sixth Grader: You won't get off this easy next time.
Sixth Grader: We're using this field from now on.
*Having beaten us up, the sixth graders left.*
Kazuko: Ooh... I'm sorry, I'm so sorry... *sniff*
Shouichi: We're all safe now. Don't cry.
Takuya: Still, this is the first time we've lost.
Yamato: We have to get payback. We'll give them worse than they gave us.
Gakuto: Yeah, let's go beat 'em up right now.
Yamato: Not now. Are you insane? We need a ringer.
Yamato: They're bigger, and there's more of them. We can't fight them as we are.
Gakuto: Mm... You're right. Though none of them could beat me one-on-one.
Shouichi: If we're doing this, we're doing it right. Let's hire the strongest ringer there is.
Yamato: Do you have someone in mind?
Shouichi: You know the Kawakami Temple? The martial arts one?
Yamato: Yeah. We always go there for New Year's.
Shouichi: Their only kid's in fifth grade.
Kazuko: Oh, I've heard about her. They say she's super strong.
Kazuko: I wish I were that powerful...
Shouichi: Word is she's invincible. Who better to have as a ringer?
Yamato: I don't have any objections to that, but does anyone know her?
*Everyone shook their heads.*
Shouichi: Yamato, put that brain of yours to use and persuade her.
Yamato: Well, I'll give it a shot.
*I quickly collected the information I'd need, then met up with Kawakami Momoyo.*
Momoyo: Hmm, I get it. Sounds fun.
Yamato: Will you help us?
Momoyo: Yeah. All this training's made me eager to punch something.
Momoyo: But I have one condition. I want you.
Yamato: ...Huh?
Momoyo: The Kawakami Temple doesn't play favorites, not even with me. I have to train as hard as everyone else.
Momoyo: And since I'm in elementary school, all the older disciples order me around. Me! That leaves me with a ton of stress.
Momoyo: So I want a lil' bro of my own.
Momoyo: A guy, preferably. I don't want to feel bad about working that person to the bone.
Yamato: I see... So basically--
Momoyo: You get my help, and I get you as my brother!
Yamato: (I'm sure she'll get bored of it right away. She's just a temporary ringer after all.)
Yamato: Okay, Sis.
Momoyo: Hmm... Sis? Hmm... Not bad, but try something else.
Yamato: Nee-san?
Momoyo: Yeah, that feels right, lil' bro.
Yamato: Then let this be a token of our new friendship...
*I gave her a foil ultra-rare baseball card.*
*I'd already researched what she liked and what she was collecting, of course.*
Momoyo: Whoa... Man, lil' bro. I've got a good feeling about you.
Yamato: Please don't be too harsh on me, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mmm... Nice. You're sending chills down my spine.
Momoyo: Then our contract's complete!
*She held out her pinky finger.*
Yamato: (Heh. A pinky swear? How adorable. And childish.)
Momoyo: If you break the contract I'll torture you to death
Yamato: ...Bwuh?
*In hindsight, I should've thought harder about what I was getting myself into.*
*Because of that, because of all that, she still treated me as her kid brother!*
*I never even imagined she'd officially join our group.*
*The moral of the story -- read the fine print or it'll bite you in the ass.*
*By the way, we went on to crush those 11 sixth graders.*
*It took Nee-san alone all of two seconds to wipe the floor with them.*
Momoyo: Which one took a hostage and poked a hole in your ear?
Shouichi: I mean, it was him, but--
Sixth Grader: Aieee!
Momoyo: Then maybe I'll plant some more pain into him.
Sixth Grader: S-Stop. I know Kama Middle's Miyake-kun.
Momoyo: Great. Bring him along next time. I could use a twelfth punching bag.
Sixth Grader: Stop! Stop!
Momoyo: You wanna beg for your life? Then start sucking up to me.
Sixth Grader: I am evil! Stop laughing! I can torture and kill a cat without blinking an eye! You'll be next, bitch!
Momoyo: Evil, huh? You're pretty cool, Senpai. Let's go on a date.
Sixth Grader: Huh?
Momoyo: Go out with me up to the third floor--No, the roof of that building.
*She dragged the sixth grader away.*
Sixth Grader: Wh-What do you want to do up here on the roof?
Momoyo: Be happy. You're going to get to fly for a second. Most people never get to do that.
Sixth Grader: What...? Y-You're kidding, right?
Momoyo: Oh, relax. I'll drop you feet-first.
Momoyo:  Off you go!
Sixth Grader: W-Waah! Stop, no, stop, please, no, no, no!
Sixth Grader:  Waahhh! (He smashed into the ground.)
Shouichi: Y-You didn't have to go that far...
Yamato: I think you broke both his legs...
Sixth Grader: Gh... I-It hurts. It hurts so much...
Momoyo: Hey, now. This is why you shouldn't play on the roof. You could slip and fall.
Momoyo: Be more careful next time you're out playing.
Sixth Grader: A-Aiieeeeeeee!!!
Momoyo: And if I hear a peep of you doing anything as screwed-up as torturing a cat ever again, you'll wish you just had broken legs.
Sixth Grader: I-I won't! Never again!
Sixth Grader: I-I slipped and fell. That's all that happened!
*Thus we reclaimed our turf.*
*Nee-san wound up officially joining us. She said she liked it here.*
*Kazuko was fascinated by my newfound sister's strength and adored her.*
*And that was the end of that story.*
Miyako: We're ready to chargrill in the living room.
Momoyo: Great. Then let's start. You grill my meat, Yamato.
Yamato: Miyako, can you grill Nee-san's meat?
Miyako: Chris, this is something the newest member does.
Chris: I see the buck stops with no one in this group.
Kazuko: I'm super focused on my goal -- eating!
Shouichi: Gen-san's at work? Oh, I'll call down the girl on the second floor.
Momoyo: Yeah. This is a welcome party to the dorm.
Miyako: Capt, as a girl living here, I give you permission to go up to the second floor.
Shouichi: Aye, I'll go get her, quick as the wind!
Miyako: I wish Gakuto and Moro were here, too.
Yamato: But Moro's busy taking care of his grandfather, and Gakuto's at the Goblins' Banquet.
Momoyo: That's the stupidest name I've ever heard. What even is it?
Yamato: I don't know either, but he said he wouldn't miss it for the world.
*............*
Yukie: This concludes our review meeting.
Yukie: Ooh... I'm so lonely...
Shouichi: Hey? You in there, Mayuzumi?
Yukie: Uh, y-yes?
Shouichi: We're having a welcome party for Chris in the living room. We're grilling and everything.
Shouichi: You're part of this dorm. Wanna come join us?
Yukie: Uh... Uh...
Shouichi: Hm? Busy?
Yukie: No, I would love to!!!
Shouichi: Agh...? G-Great. You're pretty gung-ho.
Yukie: Oh, I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get carried away.
Shouichi: (Hmm... She's kinda interesting, too.)
*............*
*In the end, Capt wound up grilling the meat.*
Shouichi: None of you guys would do it right, so I'll do it myself.
Shouichi: You gotta group all the meat together. Like this.
Shouichi: The juices from one piece will then seep out onto the other pieces. (He squeezed a lemon over them.)
Kazuko: Less talking, more grilling!
Shouichi: Don't be a jerk. The meat's ready, so eat up. Also, this meat's mine.
Kazuko: Yum, it's delicious. People really donate the best stuff to our temple.
Chris: Wow, this truly is scrumptious.
Kazuko: And the German Empire gives it their seal of approval!
Chris: We are a federal republic, not an empire.
Kazuko: I always devour the last piece of meat on the plate, so like it or not, this one's mine!
Chris: I should not have expected a dog to listen to a word I say.
Shouichi: The meat's nice and tender. What do you say, Mayuzumi?
Yukie: Yes! This is totally lit!
Kazuko: C'mon, Capt, grill the next batch. Hurry!
Shouichi: Don't be so greedy... Fine, I'll do it.
Yukie: Huh? Do you think anybody noticed that I used the word 'lit' there, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Things ain't bad, but if this was a chess game you'd be stressin' about your first move.
Yamato: (She's talking to herself again...)
Miyako: (Mmh? My future husband looks bored.)
Yukie: Huh? Why the tepid glares?!
Yukie: Do they think I'm some sort of weirdo who talks to her cell phone strap, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: It's all good. If this was chess, you'd be castling your knight.
Yukie: That's not even a legal move!
Momoyo: Haha. Who's this funny little creature?
Yukie: Bweh?
Momoyo: You're so cute! *hug*
Yukie: Ahh... I never knew how warm a person could feel...
Miyako: Momo-senpai, don't fill up on cheesecake! *glare*
Yamato: Heh, that wasn't actually funny.
Miyako: Aww...
Chris: Ch-Cheer up.
*Chris patted Miyako on the shoulder. The first time she had ever made direct contact with her.*
Miyako: Oh...
Chris: Uh...
*They stared at one another.*
Miyako: Do you like spicy food?
Chris: A little.
Miyako: Yay! (She pumped her fist.)
Chris: Y-Yay? (She did the same.)
*Chris was trying to follow Miyako's lead.*
Miyako: As a token of our newfound friendship, here's some super spicy hot sauce.
Chris: What do you want me to do with it?
Miyako: Drink it. Chug it from the bottle. Any spice lover should be able to.
Chris: I am sorry. I have to decline.
Miyako: Why does nobody else like spicy food?
Kazuko: Is it grilled? It's grilled, right? Then it's mine!
Shouichi: No! I still have to flip it over and grill the back!
Kazuko: Wah! But I'm hungry!
Yamato: Hey, Wanko. Capt ordered you to wait.
Miyako: You are going to wait, aren't you?
Kazuko: What, Yamato? You wanna fight me?
Momoyo: Ka. Wa. Ka. Mi. Wan. Ko.
Kazuko: O-Okay. I'll wait. I'll be good.
Shouichi: It's good meat, so I gotta make sure to cook it right.
Miyako: You can eat salted cabbage while you wait.
Kazuko: But you put too much salt on it! There's more salt than cabbage!
Kazuko: And overconsumption of salt leads to health problems!
Miyako: Fine, fine. You're so picky. (She took some of the salt off.)
Miyako: Wanko, say 'ahh'. I want to hear you beg for it.
Kazuko: Gimme please.
Miyako: Give you what?
Kazuko: Please ram the cabbage in my mouth.
Miyako: Good job. Heh heh heh, here you go!
Kazuko: *om nom nom*
Yamato: She's taming your sister.
Momoyo: I'll allow it. But I'll have to train Miyako.
Yamato: There are too many tamers here.
Chris: You cannot resist the allure of food. Heh heh, you truly are a dog.
Kazuko: What? You might be laughing, but I don't think that's very funny!
Shouichi: The second serving's ready.
Kazuko: I'll take the vanguard! And the meat!
Chris: How aggressive! You stole a march on us. That violates military law!
Momoyo: The way you instinctively charge at meat is wild and charming, Wanko.
Yamato: Those words contradict each other.
Momoyo: Yamato, c'mon. You eat too. Here, take it.
Yamato: Oh, thanks.
Momoyo: You need to gobble up this meat. It's the only way you'll get stronger.
Momoyo: After all, I don't want a weakling for a little bro. Heh heh heh.
Miyako: Oh, the rice is ready.
Kazuko: Excuse me. Can you bring me some rice?
Miyako: Do you think I'm your waitress now? Well, I don't mind. I'll give you an extra-large serving.
*She scooped up a small mountain of rice, then handed the bowl to Wanko.*
Miyako: Okay, does anyone else want white rice?
Chris: Could I have some as well?
Miyako: Tell me you want me to fill you up with white, hot stuff.
Chris: Hm...? Please fill me up with white, hot stuff.
Miyako: You and Wanko are far too innocent...
Yamato: You're just too perverted.
Miyako: You raised me to be this way.
*...I'd walked straight into that one.*
Miyako: What happens to you is your fault, if you're too weak to stop it.
Yamato: Gahhh! I'm sorry! Stop copying the old me!
Yukie: ...
Momoyo: What's on your mind, freshie?
Yukie: I'm thinking how fun this is. I'm so happy.
Momoyo: Your expression is just... Ohhh.
Momoyo: You're just too cute! *hug*
Yukie: Wawawa, it's happening again!
Kazuko: *om nom nom* (She continued to work at her meat.)
Yamato: You always eat a ton, huh?
Kazuko: *gulp* Pwah... Should I be grilling some, too?
Shouichi: You're good. Just keep on eating. Here, there's more ready.
Kazuko: Yay!
Chris: Everyone is so indulgent towards her.
Kazuko: You need to understand -- I am the bone of my meat. Steel is my body, and fire is my stomach.
Chris: What are you talking about?
*...So continued the welcome(?) party.*
Momoyo: Heheh. Okay, it's time for a bath. Right, Chris?
Chris: Yes. You seem rather happy about it.
Momoyo: Yep. See, Wanko's excited, too.
Kazuko: Bath time
Momoyo: See? Heheheh.
Chris: Your happiness seems somewhat different...
Momoyo: It's just your imagination.
Chris: I see. Then my imagination it must be.
Momoyo: Mn. Here in ol' Edo, it's customary to continue socializing in the bath.
Chris: I do love how wonderful hot springs feel. Let us depart.
Momoyo: Bye, Yamato. I'll keep a very careful eye on her.
Yamato: Yeah, yeah. Go ahead.
Momoyo: For 30,000 yen I could get you a photo of her.
Yamato: That's a pretty grisly price... I don't think you're joking.
Matsukaze: Yo, Mayucchi, you hear that? They gonna bathe together. That is tight!
Yukie: It's too much for me. My head's spinning.
Matsukaze: But ain't this your chance? Don't throw away this shot!
Yukie: What are you implying?
Matsukaze: Go giggle your way up there and tell 'em you're gonna join in!
Yukie: I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you gotta stop bein' a chicken! If this was a TV show, I'd be changin' the channel.
Yukie: I'm satisfied with just being able to eat together today.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi... You're too nice. (Being nice had nothing to do with it.)
Shouichi: Welp, I got work ahead of me. There's some people moving in in the middle of the night.
Yamato: Part of me wants to know why, but the rest of me is too scared. See you later.
Yamato: Okay. I'm the only guy left in the dorm. The girls are probably changing as I speak.
*What would you do in this situation?*
Go check them out
Let your imagination go wild
Do nothing
*Any young man would want to know what the girls were up to.*
*With Capt out, now was my chance.*
*I snuck up to the changing room on the second floor.*
*One flimsy door was all that separated me from the bare-naked ladies.*
*No one had given me permission to come upstairs, but... Well, if I had said Miyako gave me the OK, she would've surely went along with it.*
*I put my ear on the door.*
Momoyo: Hah. Well, Chris? How's my naked body?
Chris: Oh... Oh... Ohhhh...
Momoyo: I'm proud of it, if I do say so myself.
Chris: I am amazed. Your breasts, everything, it is all so amazing.
Momoyo: Right? Now it's your turn to show me yours.
Chris: Th-This is somewhat embarrassing...
Momoyo: Hmm, I love your innocence. But this is a bath, and when you bathe... Wanko.
Kazuko: 'Kay! Hah! (She tore off her clothes.)
Momoyo: Go ahead and bare it all, without a hint of shame.
Kazuko: We're all girls, Kuri. What're you embarrassed for?
Chris: Y-You are not wrong, and yet...
Chris: No, this is a Japanese custom. Very well.
Momoyo: Whoa. She's starting by taking off her skirt,: Yamato!
Yamato: Oh?! (She sensed me. But I have to stay calm.)
Momoyo: I may be relaxed here at your home, but that doesn't mean I won't sense your presence.
Yamato: I wanted to make sure you weren't molesting Chris.
Yamato: But I'm glad to see things are peaceful in there. See ya!
Momoyo: See how defensive he got? You have to watch out for perverts like him.
*Damn... I'd been a fool to think I could pull off anything stealthy with Nee-san around.*
*I turned my tail and bravely fled.*
Yamato: I'll use this opportunity to have a little 'me' time.
*I was a male high school student. What did you expect?*
Yamato: I don't want the hermit crabs to watch, so I'll put a cloth over their tank.
Yamato: Then I'll block the entrance so no one can burst in on me...
*All that was left was to imagine what was going on inside the bath.*
*The unembellished truth would probably be a bit too dull, so I spruced things up a bit.*
*There they were, Nee-san and Chris, alone behind a closed door. (Let's forget about Wanko.)*
Chris: Wh-Why are you pushing me down?
Momoyo: In Great Edo, we have the wonderful custom of making love in the bath.
Chris: Then I suppose I have no choice.
Momoyo: That's right, this has to happen.
Momoyo: But first, a kiss. Mmm... *kiss*
Chris: Mmn... Mm... Ahh...
Momoyo: ...Hm, phew... You're so hot. *kiss* Mm...
Chris: Ahhh... *lick*... Mmm... *smack*... Mmf...
*The two wrapped their arms around each other, then...*
*--10 minutes later.*
Yamato: Oof.
Yamato: I can't believe I whacked off to my friends.
*I looked at the semen on my hands.*
Yamato:  This was awesome.
*My imagination alone had gotten me off.*
Yamato: Now that I've calmed down, I have to admit I'm pretty nasty...
Yamato: ...Actually, no. This is normal for a guy my age.
*I'd lasted a long time before I'd finished. I should consider that a positive.*
*Once I get a girlfriend, I'll probably ask a lot out of her.*
Yamato: I'll air out the room. Girls have a good sense of smell after all.
*And so I passed the time thinking about the sex...*
Yamato: My best plan is to take things easy. Anything else would be too risky.
*I read the paper and browsed a few news sites.*
*--A short while later.*
Yamato: Wh-What the?! Did something explode up there?!
*I ran up the stairs,: then threw open the door.*
Kazuko: Yamato! It's terrible! The girls' bath is...
*A sinking feeling in my gut, I decided to call the owner.*
*............*
Mrs. Shimazu: Ahh... The bath heater's completely annihilated.
Mrs. Shimazu: There I was, crying my heart out at the scene where he regained his memory, and now I'm forced back into the real world for this?
Kazuko: Huh? Who got their memory back? I'm so confused.
Yamato: She's talking about some Korean drama, probably.
Mrs. Shimazu: So. How did it get blown to smithereens, exactly?
Momoyo: Yeah... This won't take long to explain, so listen closely.
Yamato: That's not the preface I was expecting.
Momoyo: I got up close to Chris so I could see every inch of that beautiful bod -- you understand -- but she blushed and ran. So I had to chase her.
Momoyo: And that's when it all went kaboom!
Chris: I ran for dear life, and this is what became of that.
Kazuko: Why were you so embarrassed, Kuri?
Momoyo: Right? I only asked her if we could face each other as we washed our bodies.
Kazuko: We do it all the time, right, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Yup.
Mrs. Shimazu: Things are never simple when you're around.
Momoyo: Aww, you sweet talker, you. You'll make me blush.
Yamato: Hey, maybe you should think about what you've done? *Bonk!*
Momoyo: It's strange. I was suppressing my power, so it shouldn't have broken.
Yamato: But it did break, so you need to apologize. Well, go on!
*One of my jobs as her 'brother' was to admonish her for anything bad that she did.*
Momoyo: ...You're right. I'm sorry, Mrs. Shimazu.
Yamato: I'm truly sorry, Mrs. Shimazu.
Chris: My humblest apologies for this deplorable incident.
Mrs. Shimazu: I don't think it's your fault, Chris-chan.
Mrs. Shimazu: Well, it was getting old anyways. I was already thinking of renovating it.
Mrs. Shimazu: So that's why it broke even though you were holding back.
Momoyo: I'm a beautiful girl too, so I'll take responsibility. How much?
Mrs. Shimazu: It's fine, don't worry about it. It was getting old.
Mrs. Shimazu: I should have renovated it years ago anyways.
Mrs. Shimazu: Momoyo-chan, how about you help me out the next time I'm in trouble, and we'll call it even?
Momoyo: Okay. Just say the word, and I'll come running.
Mrs. Shimazu: I'll have the girls' second floor bath fixed up nice and shiny, but until then, use the boys' bath on the first floor.
Kazuko: ...That's what she decided, Miyako.
Miyako: Mixed baths? Huff, huff.
Yamato: No! We'll obviously be bathing separately!
Miyako: So Yamato's going to come in while us girls are taking a bath. I'll have to find a way to live with that.
Yamato: Hahaha. I'd never do something that cliched.
Chris: ...So us girls will also be using the first floor bath.
Yukie: Okay. Thank you for coming to tell me about it.
Chris: I cannot believe I have caused a commotion already.
Yukie: Oh, no, no, no. Please don't worry about it!
*............*
Tesshin: My, I'm sorry my granddaughter broke your bath.
Mrs. Shimazu: It was old to begin with, so please don't worry about it.
Tesshin: I'll stop by tomorrow to formally apologize. Yes, okay, good bye.
Tesshin: Ugh... Goodness, that Momo's a hassle.
Tesshin: She's got more energy than she knows what to do with.
Tesshin: This is dangerous... I'll have to do something.
*Today was Sunday, a fun day. I could feel myself relax.*
*I had plans to go see a movie with some people from other classes.*
Yamato: Oh, Chris?
*She stood stretching in the light of the morning sun.*
*Her flowing blond hair perfectly framed the beautiful arch of her body.*
Chris: ...
*Her hands were empty, yet she stood as if her sword rested in her right.*
*And then...*
Chris: Hutt!
*...she stepped forward, stabbing with that invisible blade.*
*She then darted about faster than my eyes could follow, like a beast pursuing some prey across the savanna.*
*Finally, she reset herself back into her starting stance.*
Yamato: Was that a fencing kata?
Chris: Naoe Yamato... Good morning.
Yamato: Morning. That was amazing. I could almost see the sword in your hand.
Chris: Is there any issue with me training in the backyard?
Yamato: You should be good, so long as you don't bother anyone.
Chris: Yes, I shall be careful.
Yamato: Sorry there's no fencing club at school.
Chris: I knew that when I chose to come here. But to begin with, these were skills I taught myself at home to improve myself.
Chris: That training can continue even if I do not join a club.
*Mm. Her words still had a bite to them.*
*Even now that she'd joined our group, her attitude towards me hadn't changed.*
*Maybe I should be the bigger man and apologize first.*
Chris: ...Um.
Chris: Mm...: Ahem.
Chris: There is something I did not have a chance to tell you yesterday.
Yamato: What?
Chris: I lashed out at you on the first day we met.
Chris: I went too far. I apologize for that sudden outburst.
Yamato: Oh, um... And I could've acted better, too.
Yamato: I'm sorry. I made your first day here a rough one.
Chris: No worries. Now we are reconciled.
Yamato: Let's get off on a better foot from now on.
Chris: Agreed. Let our relationship be a good one, Naoe Yamato.
*Thus, Chris and I made up...*
Yamato: Okay, time to take a morning bath and refresh myself.
Yamato: Hm hmm (I opened the door.)
Chris: Huh...?
Yamato: (Crap, I forgot we're sharing the bath.)
Yamato: Woah, my bad! (I tried to play it off as being cool.)
Chris: You ruffian!
Yamato: Gah! How could I fall for something so cliched?!
*Our friendship lasted for all of five minutes.*
Matsukaze: I hear fightin' goin' on someplace, but there ain't nobody in the kitchen.
Yukie: Then let's do it, Matsukaze. We'll put the plan into motion this evening.
Matsukaze: Been forever since you've been serious, girl. You are on fire!
*............*
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
*Built on one of Kanto's three great mountains, its renoun as a evil-warding temple grew so large that the entire city came to be known by its name.*
*It taught that a strong body protected the spirit, thus becoming a famous training ground for martial artists as well.*
*Dozens of trainee monks filled the grounds every day, and today was no exception.*
*They cleaned...*
Kazuko: Clean, clean, clean! Tah! (She was sweeping the floor.)
Monk: K-Kazuko-dono. Keeping this area clean is my responsibility, so...
Kazuko: Don't you love zoomin' around with a broom? Cleaning up everything such a good exercise!
Kazuko: Before long, I'm sweeping up other people's areas by accident!
Monk: Please, I cannot suffer the indignity of you doing my work for me!
Kazuko: Oh, that's such a great mindset. All right, let's have a match! Time to compete!
Monk: Another match? I accept!
*They had breakfast...*
Kazuko: Okay, everyone, stop meditating. It's time for breakfast!
Kazuko: C'mon. That means you too, Assistant Master.
Lu: Oh, Kazuko. You've been looking forward to this, I see.
*He was Lu Yi, the assistant master at the Kawakami Temple and gym teacher at Kawakami Academy.*
*Momoyo's parents had long been traveling the world to train, so the role of assistant master fell to him, a position worthy of his skill.*
Kazuko: Today we're having rice, miso soup, natto, fish, and omelets!
Kazuko: I didn't cook them, but I did bring them all the way here!
Monk: Today's breakfast looks as great as ever! Thanks.
Lu: A hearty breakfast is what gives you energy for the entire day.
Kazuko: Don't eat too quickly. It's morning after all.
Lu: Whoops. I almost incurred your wrath myself.
Kazuko: Anyone want pickled plums? I'll put them on your rice.
Kazuko: You should all try one. They're supposed to boost your appetite and relieve your fatigue.
Monk: You really pay attention to food.
Kazuko: Now that you mention it, I guess I do.
Kazuko: But what you eat affects your condition, so why wouldn't I?
Lu: It's very important, yes.
Tesshin: ...Yes. Kazuko is doing a wonderful job this morning.
Tesshin: So why is my other granddaughter lying around reading manga?
Momoyo: Shut up, Gramps. I did my morning workout.
Tesshin: First you broke the bath, and then you stole meat from the kitchen?
Momoyo: So what if I did? I brought them a feast.
Tesshin: Well, that's all well and good, but you look bored.
Momoyo: Yeah. It's fun playing with Yamato and the rest of the gang, but everything else is boring.
Momoyo: I need a fight. There's gotta be someone who wants to challenge me.
Tesshin: Not at the moment, no.
Momoyo: And we're still looking for whoever beat Tachibana Takae, one of the Big Four.
Tesshin: The only thing we know is that it's someone from the north.
Momoyo: Takae lost, so that means she'll be stripped of that Big Four title, right?
Tesshin: That she will, with whoever defeated her taking her place.
Tesshin: First Takae lost to you, then to this newcomer. There is no shame in defeat, but that unsettled her. I hope she recovers.
Momoyo: Heh. I hope they're a fun fight, whoever they are.
Tesshin: Momo, is combat the only thing on your mind?
Momoyo: What else do you expect from the Kawakami Family's heiress?
Momoyo: Heck, if I can't beat someone's face in every so often, I don't even feel alive.
Tesshin: Mmm...
Momoyo: Well, maybe I'll go running. Keep myself prepared for the next fight.
Kazuko: I'll go too, Onee-sama. Let's run together!
Momoyo: Yeah, let's go together.
Tesshin: Hmm. Her love for her sister is encouraging, but she's possessed by the thrill of battle.
Lu: Yes. I think it is an ill omen.
Tesshin: I wish she would find some other hobby.
Lu: Agreed. There is more to life than martial arts after all.
*...The Kawakami sisters raced along the river.*
Kazuko: Hey, Onee-sama? What was all that about one of the Big Four up north?
Momoyo: Word is there's somebody strong up there.
Momoyo: So I'm having Gramps search for them, whoever they are.
Momoyo: Maybe they'll be my first worthy opponent since Ageha-san!
Kazuko: But there's no guarantee. They might still be too weak for you, right?
Momoyo: I guess... It always seems to turn out that way.
Kazuko: Heh hem! You don't need to wait for someone you know nothing about!
*Kazuko suddenly picked up her pace.*
Momoyo: Hey!
Kazuko: Not when I'm right here!
Kazuko: I'll train tons more and become your rival!
Kazuko: So look forward to the day we can fight on an even footing!
Momoyo: You'll become my rival, huh?
Momoyo: ...Heh heh. I'm lucky to have such a cute sister.
*............*
*--Later that evening.*
Yamato: The movie was kind of iffy, but at least it gives me something new to talk about.
Yamato: I'm home.
Miyako: Welcome home, darling. The futon's ready.
Yamato: I'm filing for a divorce. There's no future for us.
Miyako: I never knew playing house could turn so mercilessly realistic...
Shouichi: Oh, Yamato. I was just about to call you.
Shouichi: I was so tired after work I immediately hit the hay, and then I woke up to see... that.
*Capt pointed, his finger quivering, towards the kitchen.*
Yamato: What?
Yukie: Oh, Naoe-senpai. W-Welcome back.
Yukie: I-I'll be cooking for everyone tonight, so--!
Yamato: What's going on, Chris?
Chris: ...Why not ask her yourself?
*Chris was clearly still angry with me.*
Miyako: She wants to thank us for the grilled meat. And she seems to be good at cooking.
Yamato: Oh, thanks for doing all that!
Yukie: Oh, this is nothing, absolutely nothing!
Yukie: This food is my thanks to you, so please enjoy it!
*The flames of determination burned in her eyes.*
Shouichi: Looks like she's serious about it. Then this is gonna be awesome.
Shouichi: Those ingredients look pretty expensive, too.
Miyako: I was just about to call Momo-senpai and the others on my cell.
Shouichi: Then I'll call Moro. Yamato, you call Gakuto.
Yamato: On it. Though I get the feeling they're somewhere together right now.
*--Oogushi Suguru's room.*
Suguru: Geh. This new anime's visual quality has already started to degrade.
Takuya: Yeah. You can clearly tell that the director's different from the one who did the first three episodes.
Suguru: Hmm... There's a lot of bad anime this season. And they all air at the same time.
Suguru: Yet Autumn is the one exception. ShigaAni never fails to deliver.
Takuya: Oh, I'm getting a call... It's from Capt. What could it be?
Suguru: That ringtone... Autumn's opening? Heh heh. Well done, Moro.
*......*
Shouichi: Moro said he can come for dinner. He was watching anime with Suguru.
Yamato: If he's watching anime, Gakuto must be elsewhere. Time to call him.
Gakuto: Hey, hey. Don't call me while I'm busy getting laid.
Yamato: Gakuto's not picking up. (I hung up on him.)
*Gakuto immediately called me back.*
Gakuto: I was joking! What sort of dick hangs up on his friend like that?
Yamato: One of the girls is making dinner. Get your unlaid ass over here.
Gakuto: Really? Boo-yah! After tonight, all the other guys will be wishin' they were as cool as me.
Gakuto: Wait, don't tell me it's Miyako's super-spicy death food.
Yamato: The freshman girl at our dorm's cooking for us to show her thanks for dinner the other day.
Gakuto: ...Oh, it's that kid's cooking.
Yamato: So, are you coming or not?
Gakuto: I'm about to start my daily jacking. I'll come once I've cum.
Yamato: *Click!* Gakuto says he's coming.
Miyako: He was speaking so loudly that I could hear everything. I feel sexually harassed.
Miyako: So, um... Is it part of your routine, too...?:  I can't believe I asked that!
Yamato: If he's a sexual harasser, what does that make you? I mean, what if I asked you that?
Miyako: I'd love to give you all the details. Well, first I grab my pillow and pretend it's you, then I--
Yamato: Ahem. Can the Kawakami sisters make it?
Miyako: Momo-senpai said she'll be skipping all the way.
Yamato: Getting to eat a girl's food must have put her in a good mood.
Miyako: Oh, and Wanko said she'll bunny-hop here.
Yamato: Can't any of my friends just be normal and walk?
Chris: ... *stare*
* 2009. The endless stares continue unabated.*
Miyako: Chris keeps glaring at you, doesn't she?
Yamato: The truth is, I happened to walk in on her while she was changing.
Miyako: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Miyako: ...She tried to... steal you from me.
Yamato: No, no, no. I just saw her underwear for a split second.
Chris: --!
Miyako: Your lecherous gaze is meant for me, not her! This entire dorm is turning into a minefield game.
Yamato: Can you repeat that in normal Japanese?
Yamato: Like I said, I simply happened to see Chris's underwear--
Chris: You saw it, now shut up!!! *Kick!*
Yamato: Gwah! I-I'm sorry!
Chris: For goodness' sake... Naoe Yamato, you are unbelievable.
Miyako: The first hit I will allow, as an expression of a maiden's rage.
Miyako: But if you wish to strike him again, you will have to go through me.
Chris: I-I have no quarrel with you, Miyako!
Yamato: It's all right, Miyako.
Miyako: Grrrr...
Yamato: Well, this is awkward. That's no good.
Shouichi: This whole thing sounds like it's your fault.
Shouichi: Say Chris, what'd you eat for lunch?
Chris:  Inari sushi!!!
Yamato: Where'd that enthusiasm come from?
Chris: The ones I had for breakfast were so good that I simply had to have more for lunch.
Yamato: More inari sushi?
Chris: Yes! More inari sushi!
*She nodded excitedly.*
Chris: Japan has the best food.
*At least she was experiencing some Japanese culture.*
Yamato: Hm. Anyways, that girl definitely knows how to use a knife.
Shouichi: I'm so excited, I'm itching to do something completely unnecessary.
Yamato: Please don't.
*I kept watch over the freshman girl cooking in the kitchen.*
*She was still a mystery to me, but she seemed nice.*
*............*
*Our whole gang was in the living room of the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yukie: I-I hope you find it to your taste.
*She'd covered the table with food.*
Yamato: There's a ton. You went all-out.
Momoyo: Now this is how you thank someone. I'm going to enjoy this.
Takuya: I feel like I'm at a fancy Japanese restaurant. The dishes look amazing.
Gakuto: Then the food must be amazing. Time to chow down!
Kazuko: Let's eat!
Yukie: (My heart's racing...)
Yukie: (Please let them think it's good.)
Yukie: (Please let them think it's good!)
Matsukaze: (Gotta say them important things twice, am I right?)
Momoyo: Ohh, this sea bream sashimi is delicious.
Momoyo: You made them -- what's it called -- flower-shaped? You went nuts with the presentation, too.
Chris: This pickled spring herb is very tasty. *om nom nom*
Chris: And the fried butterbur sprout is nice and crispy...
Yamato: I feel like you've got the most refined palate, Chris.
Takuya: This is an amazing feast. But weren't the ingredients expensive?
Yukie: No, no, no. My father sent me these.
Yukie: I grew up in the Hokuriku region up north, so we have plenty of seafood and farm produce.
Takuya: No wonder the fish is good, if it's from Hokuriku.
Kazuko: Yum!
Kazuko: And you made everything nutritionally balanced. Muy bueno!
Kazuko: By the way, Hokuriku refers to Aomori, right? With all the scallops?
Yukie: I'm from Ishikawa Prefecture.
Kazuko: Oh, so it's the next prefecture over.
Miyako: You were so close, Wanko.
Takuya: It's sad how you're still leaving her with the wrong impression.
Gakuto: Even someone who knows nothin' of geography knows the capital of Ishikawa. Even I know it!
Yukie: Um, err, uh...
Yamato: I know it's hard, but try not to let all their idiocy overwhelm you.
Miyako: Even if I did correct her, she's too dense to remember.
Takuya: Well, these two are a bit... Yeah.
Kazuko: (Dense? I'm fit, and my muscles are dense, but what's that got to do with anything?)
Gakuto: (My muscles are in prime shape today, too.)
Miyako: *om nom nom*
Miyako: There's disastrously little spice, but otherwise, I give it a 10.
Yamato: Miyako gave it a 10! A perfect 10!
Yamato: I think everyone's really satisfied, myself included.
Yukie: Th-Thank goodness...
Yamato: No need to overreact.
Momoyo: You're so cute. Want me to give you a kiss?
Yukie: Fweeeh?
Yamato: Nee-san, what about me?!
Momoyo: Hm? What, are you jealous?
*I didn't want her to trouble the freshman, so I grabbed her attention.*
Yukie: Please eat to your hearts' content!
*Our whole gang was in the living room of the Shimazu Dorm.*
*Dinner ended with everyone looking satisfied.*
*We sat around the table, sipping away at green tea.*
Gakuto: Whew. You're one hell of a cook. I ate way too much.
Yukie: Thank you. My mother has taught me much of how to cook over the years.
Chris: Japanese food is truly splendid. I am thankful for today.
Chris: The day would have been perfect, were it not for this morning's accident.
Yamato: Did something bad happen?
Chris: You little...
Yamato: Wow, how scary. I thought all that food might calm you down, but I guess not.
Chris: Kh!
Kazuko: Mmm... Nmm... Zz... Zzz...
Momoyo: After all that exercising and food, it's straight to bed? Heheheh.
Takuya: That's just like her.
Miyako: I kind of want to mess with her... Anyone want to fill her ears with BBs?
Takuya: Wanko did that to herself once, and had to go the hospital.
Shouichi: So new girl, I'm betting you got something you wanna say to us?
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Shouichi: Yeah, I can see it in your eyes. You've made up your mind on something.
Momoyo: Are you suffering from insomnia? I can fix that for you.
Yukie: Th-Th-That's not it.
Gakuto: Oh, I'm sorry.
Yukie: Bwuh?
Gakuto: I know I'm great boyfriend material, but I don't date younger girls.
Momoyo: You're so wrong. Are you that stupid?
Miyako: Do you have to ask?
Momoyo: Good point. Hahaha.
Gakuto: The world's becoming nothin' but pain and suffering.
Kazuko: I'm tired.
Yamato: Hey, you have to listen to what she has to say.
*I rubbed some lip balm under Wanko's eyes.*
Kazuko: Gyah?! Whoa, hey, ah! That stings!
Chris: You all are truly merciless.
Yamato: We're friends, so we forgive each other no matter what we say or do.
Gakuto: Sorry, Yamato, but I overwrote the save data on the portable game you lent me.
Yamato: Hahaha. You just need to compensate me for the time I put into it.
Chris: Hey! You seem like no friends I have ever seen before!
Yukie: I-I'm jealous!
Yamato: Of what?
Momoyo: Of my charm? Are you looking to join my harem?
Yukie: ...I'm jealous of how close you all are with each other.
Yukie: So, um...
Yukie: Aww...
Matsukaze: Go, Mayucchi! Now's your shot!
Yukie: Okay. I'll go in like Ishida Mitsunari.
Matsukaze: You pickin' a loser's mindset? Want me to be your Kobayakawa and betray you? Tokugawa Ieyasu's muskets ain't givin' me much of a choice!
Yukie: Oh, shoot. I lost my courage.
Matsukaze: When your heart says go, girl, there ain't no time to hesitate!
Takuya: Is she all right? She's talking to herself.
Yamato: It's nothing new.
Shouichi: It's so funny, I can't take my eyes off it. Let's keep on watching.
*And, as a general rule, we would always follow Capt's lead.*
Momoyo: Yeah. I feel like I'm watching a little rabbit fidget around.
Miyako: You mean she's adorable?
Momoyo: She's adorable, and I want to rock her world.
Yamato: You might be a danger to her.
Momoyo: You think you're safe? I feel the same way towards you sometimes.
Yamato: And now I'm scared.
Yukie: ...Whew... Hah... All right, I'll say it.
Yukie: I beg of you, please!!! (She bowed.)
Momoyo: Where'd that come from?
Yukie: Please let me join your group!
Yukie: I want to play with everyone!
Yukie: Um, I never had any friends back home...
Yukie: So... I... I came out here hoping that, this time, I'd make friends. But... I still failed.
Yukie: But then I saw all of you, having so much fun...
Yukie: And I dreamed of what it would be like to be laughing there with you...
Yukie: So please! Please let me join your group!
Yukie: I'll cook for you!
Yukie: And I can clean!
Yukie: I'm decently strong!
Yukie: So... So... Please... Could you...
Yukie: Could you please allow me to join your group?!
*This freshman, Mayuzumi Yukie... suddenly spoke like a dam had broken within her.*
*Her words were awkward at times, yet I could sense how heartfelt they were.*
*Though her eyes were moist with tears, they held an intense, determined glow.*
*We all turned towards each other, and let our eyes do the talking.*
Takuya: (What should we do?)
Kazuko: (Let's let her join. She really wants to.)
Miyako: (I'm against it. This is a slippery slope to us becoming too big.)
Shouichi: (Look, leave all this to me.)
Momoyo: (Well, I won't tell you no.)
Yukie: Huff...: Huff...: Huff.
*Yukie trembled nervously as she waited for our reply.*
Shouichi: Mayuzumi Yukie-san, was it?
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Shouichi: I can't let you join us as you are now.
Yukie: ...Oh.
Shouichi: Friends are supposed to be equals, right?
Shouichi: You can't go begging on your hands and knees, sayin' you'll do whatever we want, and expect to get that kinda relationship.
Shouichi: Just say, 'Sounds like fun. Can I join?'
Yukie: Ah!
Yukie: S-Sounds like fun. Can I please join?
Shouichi:  No.
Yukie: Haaaaau?!
Yukie: *Thud!*
Takuya: You're a complete jerk!
Shouichi: Hahaha, I'm kidding. Let's hang out!
Gakuto: Uh, did the freshie just faint from shock?
Yukie: *whipmer*
Momoyo: It's time for some mouth-to-mouth resuscitation! This may get too mature for young audiences. Wanko, close your eyes and rattle off the U.S. states!
Kazuko: 'Kay... There's Las Vegas, and...
Yamato: That's not a state.
Yukie: I-I'm all right. I simply blacked out for a moment.
Momoyo: Tch. She's back on her feet. Well, it's good that you're all right.
Chris: I see you are not so timid as to lose consciousness for hours simply from the shock of a few words.
Kazuko: I can't see anything. Can I open my eyes now?
Yamato: No.
Kazuko: Okay. I'll keep 'em shut.
Chris: ...Are you bullying her?
Yamato: It's fun. Try clapping your hand.
Chris: ...? (She clapped her hands.)
Kazuko: Hm? Oh... Ohh...
*Wanko wandered towards the sound of the claps.*
*She followed the sound until she was inches away from Chris.*
Kazuko: Oh? Someone's here. A girl. But who?
*She rubbed herself against Chris.*
Chris: (Wow... That is a bit cute.)
Yamato: You can open your eyes now.
Kazuko: *blink*
Kazuko: Wait, you're Kuri?! No fair!
Chris: Ah, and to think I thought you were adorable!
*The two started yelling at each other.*
Yukie: S-So. Um... Are you, uh...
Yukie: Y-You're letting me join?
Shouichi: Yeah! You can join!
Yukie: ...Ooooh.
Yukie: I'm so happy... Thank you all so very very--
Shouichi: Drop it down a notch. Don't go opening the waterworks over this.
Shouichi: Let's say we hang out for a bit, and if things don't work out, we go back to being acquaintances.
Shouichi: How's that sound, Miyako?
Miyako: ...Yeah. All right, I suppose. If you insist.
Takuya: But no more, Capt. Double-digits would be too many.
Shouichi: Yeah. This puts us at four guys and five girls.
Shouichi: That sounds about right. So that's it for new members.
Shouichi: (Though I still wish we could find a fifth guy.)
Yamato: All the same, you decided things really quickly.
Shouichi: I'm a leaf on the wind. Watch how I soar!
Yukie: Th-Thank you so much for being my friends!
Yamato: We told you, don't look so scary.
Yukie: O-Of course I do...
Yukie: My face gets stiff whenever I'm nervous.
Yukie: That must be why I can't make friends...
Yamato: There's another reason for that.
Yukie: Huh? Wh-What flaw do I have?
Gakuto: That thing you're carryin' obviously keeps people away.
Takuya: A girl walking around with a katana in hand is a bit... you know.
Shouichi: Yeah. Anyone who looks at you's gonna think you're scary.
Yamato: Though you could say we're all used to that sort of thing.
*What with how imposing all the girls in our group were.*
Yukie: The sword I received from my father drives people away?
Takuya: No one ever mentioned anything before?
Yukie: No... I never had any friends to tell me.
Takuya: Oh, right.
Chris: Is it not normal in Japan to wear a sword at one's hip?
Yukie: I do have the government's permission to wear it.
Momoyo: You two newbies are so hilarious, I love it.
Yukie: At the end of the day, I simply cannot give up my sword.
Yukie: To do so would be to give up my soul.
Momoyo: We're not telling you to get rid of it.
Momoyo: But maybe you should stop taking it everywhere you go.
Momoyo: That stuff about your soul sounds great, but it's just a figure of speech.
Momoyo: Your true soul burns inside of you.
Yukie: ...O-Okay. I'll... I'll do my best.
Momoyo: Great.
Yukie: Oh my...
Shouichi: Ah! Are you making a move on her?!
Gakuto: Hey, hey. Give us a break, Momo-senpai!
Takuya: She's trying to hog the best part.
Yukie: It's so lively...
Yukie: I'm so happy, Matsukaze...
Matsukaze: You've done good, girl. History was written this day.
Chris: So, what is that?
Yukie: What is what?
Chris: Were you talking to that cell phone strap just now?
Yukie: Oh, you must mean Matsukaze.
Yukie: Matsukaze, say hello. Be firm, yet graceful.
Matsukaze: Yo, I'm Matsukaze, Mayucchi's pal.
Yukie: Matsukaze is a cell phone strap that my father made for me.
Yukie: He put his heart into it, in hopes of the day when I would need a phone to call friends.
Miyako: So, since you haven't had any friends, you never actually...
Yukie: Right, I never bought one. There was no need to. Ooh...
Kazuko: That's kinda sad...
Yamato: You know you're as low as you can go when Wanko pities you.
Kazuko: What's that supposed to mean?!
Shouichi: Why're you talking to the cell phone strap?
Yukie: I wanted someone to talk to when I was alone in my room.
Yukie: So I talked to Matsukaze.
Yukie: And one day, Matsukaze talked back.
Matsukaze: A spirit called a tsukumogami manifested all up within me.
Miyako: That's a nice backstory you made up.
Yukie: M-Made up? I-I know you don't believe me, but...
Miyako: And you're using some kind of ventriloquism?
Yukie: ...If I admit that, Matsukaze would cease to be.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you're way too kind.
Kazuko: That was her praising herself there, right?
Shouichi: Puttin' it like that, and it sounds gutsy. Heh!
Momoyo: From now on, go ahead and talk to us whenever you see us.
Yukie: Thank you very much.
Shouichi: Momo-senpai, you sure got a thing for Mayucchi.
Yukie: M-Mayucchi?!
Shouichi: Your nickname. You don't like it?
Yukie: N-No! No, no, no! It's great!
Yamato: Then Mayucchi it is.
Momoyo: I'll call you Mayu-Mayu.
Momoyo: You're pretty strong, right? I like that.
Yukie: No, no! I still have so much to learn!
Momoyo: I'll throw some light punches at you. Try to dodge them?
Yukie: Bwuh?
Momoyo: I won't take no for an answer. :  Hiya, hiya, hiya, hiya!
Yukie: Wawawa!!! (She dodged, ducked, dipped, and dove.)
Chris: Oh! Splendid!
Kazuko: H-Hmm. Sh-She's pretty good.
Miyako: I could see all the attacks, but I don't know if I could have dodged them all.
Momoyo: You're a bit weaker than Kuri right now, maybe?
Momoyo: (At least, as she is right now.)
Yukie: I still have a long ways to go.
Momoyo: Says the daughter of Mayuzumi 11 Dan.
Yukie: You know of my father?
Momoyo: He's the Sword Saint, the guy who got Japan to let him carry his sword around.
Yamato: The daughter of the illusive 11 Dan... Another big shot joins the gang, huh?
Momoyo: Right, time to tell Mayu-Mayu all about us.
Momoyo: I'm Kawakami Momoyo, senior. I fight with my fists alone. My favorite word is sincerity!
Kazuko: I'm Kawakami Kazuko, a sophomore. My weapon is the naginata. I like the word courage.
Chris: I am Chris, also a sophomore. My weapon is the rapier. I value justice above all else.
Miyako: Shiina Miyako, same. I do a bit of archery. My favorite phrase is... 'Women live for love'.
Yukie: I'm a freshman, Mayuzumi Yukie. I use a sword. Respect is important to me.
Momoyo: Mm-hm. And that guy wearing the bandana is Capt. He's our leader.
Momoyo: The extremely stupid one is Gakuto. He's caring.
Momoyo: The extremely moody one is Mororo. He's kind.
Momoyo: And the last one's my sworn brother, Yamato. He's the clever one.
Takuya: Wow, you rushed through that. And what do you mean, I'm moody?
Gakuto: You failed to emphasize what a tough guy I am.
Shouichi: Today's the era of powerful girls. There's no place left for us guys.
*The girls were all fighters, a fact that left the guys reeling.*
*It was a disaster for morale. I had to figure out a way to get everyone's spirits up.*
Yamato: Pray wait. Let not your will be trampled underfoot!
Shouichi: Tactician Yamato.
Yamato: They might have us beat in raw power, but we can make up for that with our heads.
Yamato: We're guys. We can't give up that easily.
Yamato: None of us can forget our courage, our bravery!
Momoyo: Ho hoh, well said. Come over here.
Yamato: Huh?
*She dragged me into the middle of the girls' circle.*
Momoyo: He was telling the guys they shouldn't let us girls get carried away.
Chris: That comment is utterly unacceptable!
Yamato: Heh... Objection! You're exaggerating. I never actually said that.
Momoyo: Overruled. You are out of order. *Smack!*
Yamato: Gwah?! You're out of order! You're out of order! The whole trial is out of order!
Momoyo: This is less a courtroom, more street justice. And I'm the queen bee.
Yamato: You're my judge, jury, and executioner?
*How could anyone survive in such an environment?*
Miyako: We should torment him. Leave that to me.
Momoyo: You're not having all the fun. Let's all do it.
Yamato: My situation is dire, but I've read enough shounen manga to know this is the part where the big damn heroes show up.
Shouichi: Bye... Try to hang in there. You got this.
Gakuto: I don't want to lose my pride as a man, either.
Takuya: Goodbye.
Momoyo: Looks like youre stuck in the wrong genre.
Miyako: Hehe. Let's call our manga 'Pride and Perversion'.
Kazuko: Everyone ran away? That's some great friends you've got there.
Chris: How pitiful.
Shouichi: Now you've said it.
Miyako: Then you're going to try to get Yamato back?
Kazuko: Sounds fun. Let's have a match, and the winner gets Yamato.
Shouichi: ...Heh.
Shouichi: Let's run away, guys.: *Dash!*
*They were gone in a second.*
Yamato: Oh, that's also my cue to go.
Chris: I will not let you escape, Naoe Yamato.
*She grabbed my collar.*
Yamato: I have work to go to. No one else there knows how to put dandelions on sashimi just right!
Chris: That is a serious matter. (She let go of me.)
Miyako: He's obviously lying.
*Now Miyako grabbed my collar.*
Momoyo: Heheheh. We won't let you get away that easily.
Kazuko: So, what exactly are we doing with this thing? (She asked while poking me.)
Yamato: Don't call me a thing! And stop poking me!
Miyako: If everyone else holds him down, then I'll be able to... Huff, huff.
Yamato: That's a pretty cruel joke. Hahaha.
Momoyo: Nobody's joking here. (She grinned.)
Kazuko: Hehe. Poke, poke.
Yamato: How sadistic are you all? Mayucchi, your friend's in trouble!
Yukie: Bweh...? Oh, right! U-Um?!
Momoyo: It's fine, Mayu-Mayu. He's actually enjoying it.
Miyako: This is all part of the game. Huff... Huff...
Yukie: Oh... I never realized how complex hanging out could be.
Matsukaze: That's city folk for ya.
Yamato: Don't believe them!
Chris: Heh heh. It is novel, seeing you flustered so.
*Even Chris shared in their sadistic grin.*
*Things were going to go from bad to worse, I knew it.*
*............*
Shouichi: At the rate they're going, Yamato's dignity as a man won't last much longer.
Takuya: We should help him. He might hold it against us if we don't.
Gakuto: No objections here. It's finally time to unveil my true power.
Shouichi: Most importantly, after all they've said, we can't just do nothing.
Shouichi: Let's show them what men are made of.
Gakuto: Yeah. Just tell me where to punch, Capt.
Shouichi: Sweet, here's the plan. First, we send Gakuto in as a decoy.
Gakuto: You're askin' a lot right out of the gate!
Gakuto: ...But I can take it. This is somethin' only I can do, right?
Shouichi: Yeah. It's all up to you.
Shouichi: We win if we get Yamato out of there. Don't lose sight of that.
*............*
Momoyo: Well then. How should we tease Yamato?
Miyako: I, Shiina Miyako, will take the lead!
*She stripped off my clothes.*
Yamato: You pervert!
*Unable to wait any longer, Miyako threw herself at me, when suddenly--*
Momoyo: Heh, that's how it's gonna be? I'll stay back and watch. Then it's four-on-four.
*Her words made no sense, but before I could set my mind to deciphering it...*
* BOOM!!!*
Yukie: Wh-What's going on?
Kazuko: I-It's Capt's homemade smoke screen!
Chris: We are under attack?
Miyako: They truly came for you, Yamato. Heh heh. They think they can get in our way.
Miyako: The men are challenging us?! Engage and defeat them!
Chris: I sense others in the room. Ah, they are using the smoke to enter.
Chris: While you may be hiding from my eyes, you cannot hide your aura. There!
???: YEEEOUUUCH! Straight for my liver?
Chris: A direct hit! Oh?! He is still on his feet?
Chris: Then I will strike again!
???: Gwah!
Kazuko: Hm? Is it just me, or is someone leaving the room?
Miyako: I sense it, too. I cast magic missiles at the darkness!
Miyako: Gotcha! My arrows always hit their mark... But, he shouldn't have gone down that easily.
Yukie: I've opened the window. The smoke should clear soon.
Chris: A quick and apt decision. Well done.
*After the smoke cleared...*
Miyako: So it was Moro that I took down. Eigh, eigh! (She stomped on him.)
Yukie: Capt-san is lying over here.
Chris: I got Gakuto. Though I did already recognize him by his voice.
Kazuko: So it was Yamato who ran off.
Kazuko: I'll chase after him. He won't get away!
Chris: You are truly our hound. Go get him.
Chris: Even though you are an enemy, I am impressed that you endured my initial strike.
Chris: ...Why are we your enemy?
Miyako: Anyone who would try to take Yamato away from me is the enemy.
Chris: Mmm. I had thought we were simply playing a game.
Miyako: Boys can be prideful. Too prideful.
Miyako: But Yamato himself is who matters here. I think the hound will catch him, but...
Miyako: ...her target is clever. He may trick her.
Chris: We should go.
Yukie: Oh, what should we do about everyone on the floor?
Miyako: Leave them.
Yukie: O-Okay.
Yukie: ...Huh?
Kazuko: All right, Yamato! You can't run away anymore!
Kazuko: Wait, what?
Shouichi: Tada! You thought it was Yamato, but it was me, Shouichi!
Chris: Did you catch him? Hm...?
Miyako: We defeated Capt earlier, so how could you have...: Ohh!
Shouichi: With us being the same height and build, all I had to do was give him the bandana and you all didn't have a clue we switched.
Kazuko: I-I-I-I'm so confused.
Chris: What is there not to understand, Dog?
Miyako: Yeah, it's simple.
Chris: I never imagined Yamato was secretly a ninja.
Miyako: Uh, no. The person on the ground back in the room was Yamato.
Shouichi: We couldn't have done it without Gakuto drawing all your attention.
Kazuko: Then we have to go back there!
Miyako: This is Yamato we're talking about. Most likely, he's already long gone...
Yamato: Escape complete!
*Stupid Miyako. Taking off my clothes completely backfired on you.*
Yamato: You saved me, everyone.
Yamato: Gakuto! Moro! Capt! You did it. It's over. But thank you for your sacrifice.
*I shed a tear for the three, who surely couldn't have survived the encounter.*
Momoyo: That plan had no business succeeding. I would've known it was you from your aura.
*After spending the whole fight watching, she snuck up behind so quietly, I didn't even know she was there until I felt her breath.*
Yamato: It was good for something spur of the moment.
Yamato: Even boys can pull something off when they put their minds to it.
Momoyo: It doesn't look that way to me.
Momoyo: Ah, but still...
*She threw her arm around my shoulders.*
*Bringing her face -- and her sweet feminine scent -- inches from mine.*
*She wore no makeup or perfume. These were her natural pheromones at work.*
*I could feel my head starting to spin.*
Momoyo: You wouldn't be nearly as interesting if you weren't so spunky.
Yamato: I didn't personally do anything this time.
Momoyo: Your conversation with Mayu-Mayu was hilarious.
Yamato: I was simply copying you, Nee-san.
*Let's rewind a bit, to back in the living room after Chris and Miyako left to follow Kazuko.*
Yukie: ...Bwuh? He's wearing the bandana, but...
Yukie: Could you be? No, there's no 'could' about it.
Yukie: Um... Yamato-san?
Yamato: Hahaha, you got me.
Yukie: I-I thought so.
Yamato: Mayucchi. I'm going to run away. I need you to let me go.
Yukie: Ah... Ooh, but, um, err... Everyone else is--
Yamato: Please... We're FRIENDS, aren't we?
Yukie: Haaaaau?!
Yamato: Mayucchi... Please! (I stared into her eyes.)
Yukie: O-Okay. Please make your escape. Quickly!
Yamato: Thanks, Mayucchi.
*...That was how I'd gotten away.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. They're both so unique, Chris and Mayu-Mayu.
Momoyo: With them along, I hope life becomes even more fun.
Yamato: I think it's going to, whether we want it or not.
Yamato: Maybe life will get so exciting we won't be able to stand it anymore.
Momoyo: That'd be interesting, in its own way.
Yamato: And those days will go on forever.
Momoyo: ...Forever, huh?
Yamato: Won't they?
Momoyo: You're right. Yeah.
*Nee-san looked up at the night sky.*
*I almost felt like she squeezed my shoulder a bit tighter.*
**Squish!**
*Something soft enveloped my face.*
*Something soft, and sweet-smelling...*
Miyako: Mm... Heh...
*And I knew that voice. These were Miyako's boobs.*
Miyako: ...Mm.
*I didn't know why, but she was pressing her boobs against my face.*
*It was a mystery, but there was no reason I had to wake up now and end the fun.*
Miyako: ...Ah.
*Her breasts pressed against my face, and her breaths grew ragged.*
*And her knockers... They were huge.*
Miyako: Yamato...... It's morning
Yamato: Hmm...? Oh, Miyako... Good morning.
Miyako: Yeah... Good morning.
*Her boobs jiggled their way off my face.*
Yamato: Why'd you wake me up like that?
Miyako: It's spring, so I wanted to be aggressive.
Miyako: ...Shall we keep going?
Yamato: Guh... I--No.
Miyako: I was so close.
Yamato: Really though, why be so aggressive?
Yamato: ...Oh! It's because of Mayucchi and Chris!
*Two new girls added to our circle of friends.*
Yamato: Are you worried that one of them might take me from you?
Miyako: You're being paranoid.
Yamato: Ugh. I guess maybe I am.
Miyako: Hey, I'm wearing sexy underwear today. Do you want to see?
Yamato: I was right, you are worried!
Yamato: That was too lewd, even for you.
Miyako: ...I only do it for you, Yamato.
Miyako: I can be as lewd as you want me to be.
Yamato: H-Hey.
Miyako: You can do anything you want to my body.
*She shook her boobs.*
Miyako: Whatever you ask, I'll do.
*She licked her lips.*
Miyako: So c'mon...
*Her reddened cheeks seemed strangely seductive.*
Yamato: *gulp*
Yamato: But I can still resist!
Miyako: ...Tch.
*Miyako's love was real.*
*If I embraced her, took her here and now, that would mean I'd accepted her love.*
*Then I'd be forced to spend the rest of my life by her side.*
*I liked her as a friend, but I didn't yet know if I wanted to make her my partner in life.*
*So I couldn't let myself slip up and fall to temptation.*
*She was too important a friend to even consider having a one-night stand with.*
*I would simply have to chew on this problem until an answer finally came to me.*
*............*
Umeko: Here are today's announcements. The first career survey will be conducted this week.
Umeko: Hey, Kumagai! Don't eat a hamburger during homeroom!
Mitsuru: I-I'm sorry. I was too hungry...
Shouichi: I mean, when Kuma-chan's gets hungry enough, his whole personality does a 180.
Umeko: Bear with it until homeroom is done.
Mitsuru: Ooh... But I'm hungry...
Umeko: Everyone is to submit their desired career after the Golden Week break.
Umeko: We will conduct individual career guidance in May based on what you wrote.
Umeko: Feel free to write whatever dreams you may have.
Umeko: Additionally, someone broke a number of windows on the second floor of Building C last night.
Umeko: That is a rare thing to happen at our school. If you know anything about it, inform us immediately.
Umeko: That is all. Continue to dedicate yourselves to self-improvement!
*............*
Mitsuru: *om nom nom* Thank goodness that was quick.
Shouichi: I thought you might blow a fuse any second, but... All's well that ends well.
Takuya: Career survey? Hmm... I don't know what to put.
Shouichi: I'm gonna be an adventurer. Living for promotions takes all the wind outta your sails.
Gakuto: I'm gonna be Ms. Ume's husband.
Suguru: You are the hero we need!
Ikurou: She'll murder you, physically, mentally, and socially.
Gakuto: I love older women, and she's at the right age to get married. It's supply and demand.
Ikurou: But if you do pull it off, you'd get to do whatever you want to that beauty...
Takuya: There's a zero percent chance of it happening outside of your dreams, right?
Gakuto: Never tell me the odds!
Gakuto: 'Cause never forget, you can't win the lottery if you don't buy a ticket.
Ikurou: So that stuck-up woman's gonna gasp and moan?
Gakuto: I know, right? I'm gettin' excited just thinking about it. *gulp*
Ikurou: I could ask her if she wants to have a nighttime sports festival!
Suguru: I see. With the main event being ball rolling?
Ikurou: Huff, huff, phew, phew. Shit, I gotta go to the bathroom!
Gakuto: Sure, but you can't forget about pole-toppling.
Suguru: There's also cavalry battles. You'd be the horse, and she'd be the cowgirl.
Takuya: Y-You've gone so far that I don't know if it still sounds realistic.
Suguru: Thus, my brothers, the reason I worship at the altar of 2D!
Takuya: I'm not your bro, pal.
**Slide!**
Ikurou: Dudes, don't get so excited. It's pathetic.
Gakuto: You've calmed down too much! What did you do in the bathroom?!
Mayo: What am I putting on my career survey? That I'll be looking for work.
Chika: Personally, I mean, I'll get an associate's degree, fool around till I'm 25, find a man, get married, and live a happy home life, I guess?
Mayo: That's such a happy, girly dream.
Chika: Eheheh. Thanks.
Mayo: What are you looking for in your husband?
Chika: Hmm... Well, he has to be handsome. And has to have money.
Chika: Altogether, he needs killer looks, a model's physique, fit but not too fit, and to be at least 170 centimeters tall.
Chika: He should love me, but not hold me down, and of course, make at least 10 million yen per year Oh, and he'll clean, cook, raise our children...
Suguru: Such a man has never existed, and never will!
Chika: Whoa, you shocked me.
Chika: Who are you to talk, you nerd? It's not like the anime characters you worship are real. Or have you actually deluded yourself that badly?
Suguru: That I knew the moment I emerged from the womb!
Suguru: Thus I wait! I wait for the moment I'll be able to cross into their world, or the moment they'll be able to cross into ours!
Chika: Huh? There is seriously something wrong with you.
Suguru: Stay away from me, Blondie! I don't want to catch one of the STDs your ilk spreads. So begone! Return to the melancholic world from whence you came!
Chika: Wow, that is totally something a virgin would say. No wonder you're part of the Disgusting Three.
Chris: Stop this, both of you!
Chris: You are fellow scholars at this place of learning. Please, do not quarrel.
Yamato: Did she just say 'scholars'?
Suguru: Tch... The honor student type. Acceptable in 2D, but here? A travesty.
Chika: Hmph.
Yamato: Man, nice job. You got them to stop fighting.
Chris: Naoe Yamato, why did you simply smile and watch them quarrel?
Yamato: Because it happens all the time. Pretty much every day.
Chris: I cannot imagine that, given how cruel their words became by the end.
Yamato: They're just not the type to hold anything back.
Chris: I cannot fathom the logic behind that.
Yamato: No one was asking you to.
Chris: Mm.
Yamato: Mmm.
*The two of us still couldn't get along.*
Kazuko: I saw you fight. That was super kiddy.
*We returned to our seats, only for Wanko to start messing with us.*
Chris: We had a difference of opinion. Not a fight.
Yamato: I can't remember the last time you weren't spending a break training.
Kazuko: Nahaha, you silly. Look down.
Yamato: What? You're squat holding? How did I miss that?
Kazuko: It's pretty good training. You should try it too, Kuri.
Chris: I shall pass. I cannot think of a single good reason to do so.
Kazuko: Yay, I figured out Kuri's special skill! It's called running away with her tail between her legs.
*No way anyone would fall for such an obvious bait--*
Chris:  I accept your challenge!
*...Why does that not surprise me?*
Shouichi: A squat-holding match? You gonna sit through class like that?
Kazuko: Yep. Whoever doesn't give up, wins.
Chris: That is how you would have us compete? Yet how are we to pay attention during class if we do so?
Kazuko: Oh, if you want to make an excuse and chicken out, I won't stop you.
Chris: Heheheh. Me, be defeated by you?
Yamato: A blond-haired beauty, doing a squat-hold right in front of me... This is too surreal.
*Others in the class started to take notice.*
Shouichi: Wanko vs. Chris, round two, as they face off in a squat-holding match.
Shouichi: Who do you think'll win? All bets are open!
*Capt threw himself back into the role of bookie.*
Mayo: Hey! How many times have I told you not to gamble?!
Gakuto: Chris!
Suguru: My money is on the ponytailed girl!
Ikurou: Chris!
Takuya: Wanko!
Chika: Wanko!
Mitsuru: Chris-san.
Miyako: Wanko.
Mayo: Ooooh. Everyone's going through their rebellious phase.
Chika: Don't let yourself feel down, Mayo. Cheer up.
Mayo: How can you cheer me up when you took part in the gambling, too?
Chika: Ahaha. This is just the way we are.
Mayo: Remember what happened last time we got this loud? What if the neighboring class yells at us again?
Chika: Who cares? Those stuck-ups in 2-S can think whatever they want.
*2-S was the advanced class, filled with high-achieving students who sought to attend prestigious universities.*
*A rickshaw thundered down the way to school. The man in it -- and the woman pulling it -- were both students of 2-S.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We are late.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, you are the hero who will one day carry this country on his shoulders! You needn't concern yourself over such small issues!
Hideo: Nevertheless, Azumi, make haste. That We are late remains unchanged!
Azumi: Yes, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: We are a hero, and a hero must be a paragon to the smallfolk. To surrender to tardiness and an even later arrival would be unacceptable.
Azumi: Of course. Well said, Hideo-sama!
Azumi: We'll be arriving shortly!
Hideo: Do you suppose Kazuko-dono is doing well this week?
Hideo: Every time We think of her, Azumi, it is as if a vice squeezes Our heart.
Azumi: ...I suppose so, Hideo-sama.
Hideo: Speak up. We cannot hear you.
Azumi:  I'm terribly sorry, Hideo-sama!!!
Cat: Meow.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, there's a cat before us! What should we do?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! A mere cat, such a trivial creature, dares to stand before Us?!
Hideo: ...Yet let it be known that We are generous, and that We forgive it this slight. Avoid the animal.
Azumi: Very good, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Oh small cat on the side of the road, let this symbol of Our glory be burned into your memory!
Cat: Meow?
*--Class 2-S.*
Koyuki: Hum, de hum, hum hum
Jun: Mmm, there really is nothing like a girl with unblemished skin.
Koyuki: Jun. Jun!
Jun: What? I'm busy staring affectionately at a photo of a small girl. She's like a flower blooming in a field.
Koyuki: I finished a story picture show!
Jun: Your newest one's ready?
Koyuki: Yeppers. It's my 23rd production.
Jun: What happens in this one? Show me.
Koyuki: ...Ehehe. Quit it!
Jun: Hey, hey, don't get embarrassed on me now. We gotta keep things moving.
Koyuki: M'kay. It's show time.
Koyuki: This one is called 'Genius-kun'.
Jun: I have a feeling this guy is going to be annoying.
Koyuki: There once was a landowner who had the exotic hobby of fishing in Hawaii for swordfish.
Jun: Yeap, even the setting is annoying.
Koyuki: This man had a child. His name was Riiya.
Jun: You gotta feel sorry for that kid, having a weird name like that.
Koyuki: Riiya-kun was so smart that people also called him Genius-kun.
Koyuki: When the mayor lost a lot of money in the futures market, it was Genius-kun who gave him the advice needed to overcome those losses.
Jun: Wow, he sure sounds like a genius.
Koyuki: And when the mayor's love affair with a 37-year-old mistress was discovered by his wife, it was Genius-kun who smoothed it over.
Jun: That's a very realistic age for a mistress.
Koyuki: And when the mayor realized he was romantically interested in men, it was Genius-kun who aptly deflected his advances.
Jun: I'm getting the feeling this mayor guy is kind of an ass.
Koyuki: This is where our story begins.
Koyuki: Genius-kun was popular and had a lot of friends, but nobody could talk with him as an equal. So, in a way, he was always alone.
Koyuki: That loneliness drove him to meet with others who were said to be brilliant.
Koyuki: But they never turned out to be as smart as him.
Koyuki: Genius-kun continued to meet with other self-proclaimed geniuses.
Koyuki: But none of them were at his level.
Koyuki: Nobody understood his loneliness.
Koyuki: In the end...
Koyuki: ...that loneliness drove Genius-kun to madness.
Koyuki:  THE END.
Jun: That's it? Heck, that's dark! Darker than dark...
Jun: What about the landowner? Wasn't he rich?
Koyuki: A spurned lover stabbed him and he died.
Jun: Your characters never had a chance, did they?
Koyuki: That's reality.
Jun: It's a tough world.
Jun: ...Whoa, that commotion must be from Class 2-F.
Class S Student: Again, low-level ruffians? They are an eyesore.
Class S Student: Someone of noble blood ought to discipline them.
Kokoro: And I can think of none nobler than I, Fushikawa Kokoro.
Jun: Looks like things aren't going to be quiet here, either.
Kokoro: Geh!!! Aah... Ahem.
Kokoro: Forgive me. A chosen person like me should never utter a guttural sound such as that.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! A good morning to you all! It is We, Kuki Hideo.
Azumi: Good morning
Hideo: We give you the privilege to greet Us, commoners.
Koyuki: Mornin'
Jun: Yeah, yeah, good morning.
Kokoro: (His wealth may be impressive, but my lineage is far more prestigious.)
Hideo: Good. Continue as you were, living your lives to the utmost.
Hideo: ...Hm. You, commoner. Your eyes are puffy.
Kokoro: How rude. I simply studied too much last night.
Hideo: This is a disaster. You must show greater care, lest eye strain come to haunt you later in life. Azumi!
Azumi: Yes, Hideo-sama!
Azumi: Excuse me, Commoner A.
Kokoro: I am not a commoner. I bear the proud name of--
Azumi: I'll massage the pressure points on your scalp first. There we go.
Kokoro: Ohh, that does feel good. You are experienced, I see.
Azumi: Every maid learns to do this sort of thing
Azumi: Once I've thoroughly massaged you, I'll apply the Kuki family's secret eye drops.
Kokoro: How strangely fizzy... Yet it soothes my noble eyes.
Azumi: And finally, I'll put a warm towel on your face.
Azumi: That should do the trick.
Hideo: Indeed. People are the heart of a country, and so We cherish them.
Azumi: What a heroic thing to say!
Jun: Hold up. Why do you even have a steamed towel?
Azumi: Every maid learns to do that sort of thing
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Then it is off to Class 2-F.
Azumi: Allow me to accompany you, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Nay, you need not come. We simply wish to behold Kazuko-dono. Or can you not see the pureness of Our motive?
Azumi: H-How terribly inconsiderate of me!
Azumi: I'll punish myself for my insolence!: Haaah!!!
Azumi: ...I dislocated an arm. I hope that will make it up to you.
Hideo: Good. None is more loyal than you. Wait for Our return hereabouts.
Azumi: Yes, Hideo-sama!!!!!
Jun: Crap, Hideo left by himself. That means...
Azumi: ...
Azumi: Ahhh, lemme get that back in its socket.
Azumi: Right, got it.
Azumi: Friggin' hell. Screw having to dislocate an arm every time I screw up. I thought being a maid would be cushy.
Azumi: Hey Baldie! Where do you think you're tiptoeing off to?!
Jun: No, I'm definitely not tiptoeing or anything--
Azumi: I'm starved. Go buy me yakisoba bread.
Jun: Kh. The second your master leaves, you let your true personality show.
Azumi: Did you friggin' say something? Maybe you'll talk back less if I crush your balls!
Jun: I'll go. Just lend me the money.
Azumi: Put it on my tab, Baldie.
Jun: When are you going to pay up? You owe me so much already.
Azumi: Maybe that'll be the day I get so pissed I make you drink coke through your friggin' ear.
Jun: You treat me like dirt, dammit... Stop! I'll go, I'll go!
Azumi: Yuki, start massaging my shoulders.
Koyuki: Okay, I'll do my super best.
Azumi: You're obedient and cute, Yuki. I like you.
Azumi: I like you, but... Hey, you there. Commoner A.
Kokoro: I told you, I am no commoner. I am an elite!
Azumi: Your blood doesn't count for jack squat. In the real world, power talks.
Azumi: Keep acting cocky, and I've got two swords with your name on them.
Kokoro: You are a tyrant. What is that Hideo teaching you?
Jun: I bought you your food, maid. Here's yakisoba bread and milk.
Azumi: You bought milk? And here I thought you had no idea how to be nice, Baldie!
Jun: Then I'll be going now.
Azumi: Huh? Does this look to you like the amount of pickled ginger there should be on yakisoba bread?
Jun: Wha?
Azumi: Go buy another one.
Jun: H-How can you do this to me? You're supposed to be a maid, not an iron-fisted tyrant.
Azumi: Quit your grumbling and run! Take too long, and I'll stuff a red pepper up your butt!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! The hero returns! Welcome Us with a round of applause.
Azumi: *clapping* Welcome back, Hideo-sama
Hideo: Kazuko-dono was in the midst of training. Heaven forbid We disturb her.
Jun: Good grief. Hideo, you just saved my life by walking back through the door.
Hideo: Wherefore would that have brought you salvation, Jun? You have Our leave to speak on the matter.
Jun: It's about your maid. Listen up.
Hideo: Azumi? We are proud of her. She is a maid, a warrior, and a spy, whatever the situation demands.
Jun: She turns evil the second you're out the door. Do something 'bout her.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Whatever are you talking about? Pray that your baldness remains the only thing funny about you.
Jun: I knew you wouldn't believe me... Well, that's nothing unusual.
Koyuki: Don't let it get to you.
Kokoro: How irritating. I must vent this anger towards 2-F...
*............*
*--Class 2-F, lunchtime.*
Kazuko: Okay, Kuri. It's lunchtime!
*Wanko moved her desk next to Chris's.*
Chris: Yes, let us all eat together. That includes you, Miyako.
Miyako: You don't need to tell me. I have red rice again today, and red rice brings good luck.
Kazuko: I don't think it counts if it's only red because of spices.
Chris: Mh
Kazuko: Somebody looks happy. You brought your own lunch?
Chris: Heheh. Behold!: Tada!
Kazuko: Wow, inari sushi times eight!
Chris: I am completely hooked on inari.
Chris: Japanese culture is truly wonderful. Time to eat!
Kazuko: I have a Kawakami Temple's specially-made lunch! They tend to have lots of meat!
Miyako: I tried adding chili pepper to spicy fish roe. Heheheh. Mapo curry inspired me to try adding spices to other spicy food.
Chris: *om nom nom*
Chris: Mmmmm. Delicious!
Chris: This is bliss. I am truly glad I came to Japan!
Kazuko: You gobbled them up, huh? Now I want some.
Kazuko: I'll trade you a sausage and a boiled konnyaku for one.
Chris: Ah! Hey! I never agreed to this!
Kazuko: Mine! *om nom nom* You're right, this is good.
Chris: I had hoped to relish each and every one. How could you?
Kazuko: Relax, relax. Here. Have some of my food.
Chris: That was an unfair trade. One inari is worth...
Chris: A sausage, a boiled konnyaku, half a tomato, and an egg. (She swiped them all from Wanko's lunch.)
Kazuko: Hey! You're taking way too much. How can you justify that price?
Chris: *om nom nom* Ah, delicious.
Chris: It seems impossible, but Dog, did you make this yourself?
Kazuko: Mm-mm. We have professional chefs at the Kawakami Temple.
Chris: I see. Then I will not have to revise my opinion of you after all.
Kazuko: Hey, that was mean! I demand consolation!:  Specifically, one inari!
Chris: Hey, that is excessive! These are mine to enjoy.
Kazuko: *om nom nom nom*
Chris: Kh! You ate it already?
Miyako: Chris, don't get so angry. You can have some of my lunch.
Chris: Your lunch is so red that I cannot tell what is what.
Miyako: But this chili pepper rice is addictively good.
Chris: R-Really? *munch munch*
Chris: Yeouch! Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!!!
Miyako: Don't be ridiculous. Haha, here, have a drink.
Chris: Thank you, Miyako. *glug glug*
Chris: Why would you put spice in the drink?!
Miyako: It's mapo tofu.
Chris: Mapo tofu is not a beverage!
Miyako: Both curry and mapo tofu are drinks.
Chris: T-That is just... awful...
*The girls were having a rip-roaring time.*
*What should I do?*
Talk with Gakuto and Moro
Talk with Chika and Mayo
Talk with Capt
Yamato: Those three are insane.
Gakuto: Doesn't it look like Chris is gettin' along with them?
Takuya: That's one of Wanko's strengths, being friendly.
Yamato: Wait, Gakuto. Didn't you have Mack G's just this morning?
Gakuto: I'm all about those Mack G's hamburgs.
Gakuto: The Giga Tomato Burg for breakfast. The Giga Teriyaki Burg for lunch. For dinner, the Giga Egg Burg.
Yamato: You're going to kill yourself.
Gakuto: It's meat or the street, yo. Burgs for life!
Yamato: It's pronounced B-U-R-G-E-R, yo.
Gakuto: Booger?
*The two close friends always spent lunch together, and today was no exception.*
Chika: I'm not saying our school's not weird, but this girl I chat with from Saga was telling me that, at her school, you get expelled if you kick a cow.
Mayo: You do have to take good care of animals.
Mayo: My family has a few odd rules, too.
Chika: Oh, like what?
Mayo: We have to go to supermarkets right before they close, so we can get items at 30% off.
Chika: Oh...
Mayo: When we're running low on shampoo and detergent, we have to mix in some water so none goes to waste.
Mayo: Once some sauce is near empty, we have to cut the tube in half and scoop out the rest with a spoon!
Chika: Marry me, Mayo! You'll save us so much money.
*I felt like neither of them would want me jumping in on their conversation.*
Yamato: What's Capt doing? Reading?
*He liked to read, especially fairy tales.*
Haguro: Hey, Naoe, Naoe. Check this out.
Yamato: Hm, what?
Haguro: Look at this sesame and red bean taiyaki. Tell me it's not totally hilarious.
Yamato: It looks normal to me.
Haguro: The tail's so full of paste, it's like it needs to take a shit! Ahahaha! This is so funny!
Yamato: Hahaha, sure...
Shouichi: What's wrong, Yamato? You look bummed out.
Yamato: There's nothing wrong with me if a girl likes dirty jokes more than me, right?
Shouichi: Huh...? Whatever. Anyway, you've read 'The Happy Prince', right?
Yamato: It's a famous fairy tale of self-sacrifice.
Shouichi: That's what I thought as a kid, but now that I'm reading it again, I've figured it out. It's actually about romance.
Shouichi: Ain't it cool how the same book can leave different impressions on you at different times?
*The conversation was like a cleansing wind that purified my mind.*
*Nothing much happened until school was over.*
*Everyone was relaxing in the classroom after school when...*
Ikurou: F--Dammit, dammit, dammit!
*Yonpachi came into the classroom, fuming.*
Chika: What's wrong, Monkey?
Ikurou: Two things have gotten me pissed off.
Ikurou: First, a gust of wind scooped up a cute girl's skirt, but she was wearing shorts underneath.
Gakuto: Cry. You've earned it. Cry the manliest tears.
Chika: Oh, it's just that again. I so shouldn't have been concerned.
Ikurou: Second, I lost big at the gambling den.
Yamato: The gambling den's open today? So, what did you lose at?
Ikurou: Mahjong. Yamato, take revenge for me!
Yamato: Some days you win, some days you lose. Better luck next time.
Ikurou: But you see, I lost against a girl from 2-S.
Ikurou: She made a fool out of me as she kicked my ass, the jerk!
Chika: Being insulted should be old news for you.
Ikurou: She called our whole class stupid! She said being an honor student gave her the right to look down on us!
Chika: Now that is annoying. Those 2-S jerks think they're so hot.
Ikurou: I tried imagining that she was sucking me instead, but even that didn't help. I'm still angry!
Chika: You were imagining that? Like, how pathetic can you get......
Ikurou: I think I'm actually piss me off more because she so damn cute!
Yamato: Oh? Then I guess I'll go take a look.
Takuya: Oh, you're going? Wait, you're only going because she's cute, aren't you?
Yamato: Miyako's attending her club, and Capt's at work...
Yamato: Come with me, Moro. I might need you to play too, depending on how things turn out.
Takuya: Are you sure you want me? I don't think I'm really good enough.
Yamato: Things will work out, don't worry.
*The gambling den was in the empty classroom on the fourth floor of Building B.*
*We tried to keep it secret from the teachers, of course.*
*But, they probably knew and just chose to allow it anyways.*
*Their mindset must've been that anyone who went broke had brought it on themselves, and that hopefully they'd learn a good life lesson from it.*
Ikurou: It's her, Yamato! The one whose face you just wanna cum on!
*Okay. She was cute, but also looked as if she had an iron will.*
Kokoro: Hmph. I knew that small fry would bring some more easy pickings back with him.
*I'd heard rumors of her -- the 2-S girl who dressed in a kimono. And here she was. I'd never seen her at the den before.*
*She must have learned about it after starting her sophomore year.*
Kokoro: I will not stop until I have shown just how inferior you truly are!
Kokoro: We were just looking for a fourth player, too.
*The other two were seniors, and regulars at the den. I doubted they had teamed up with her.*
Kokoro: What will you do, you inferior being? I could allow you to join us.
Yamato: I guess I'll take you up on that. (I checked my surroundings.)
Ikurou: I'm counting on you, Yamato! Avenge me!
Kokoro: I shall beat you so thoroughly, tears will be your only recourse!
Yamato: Why do you have it out for me so badly?
Kokoro: Recently your class has been growing far too confident for its own good.
Kokoro: But once I thrash you, you will remember your place.
Yamato: Well, let's set the rate. How does 200 yen per 1000 points sound?
Kokoro: I need not hesitate to say that you have made a foolish error.
*Thus began a game of mahjong that I could not afford to lose. Literally.*
Kokoro: You put up a decent fight. You put that monkey I faced earlier to shame.
Yamato: Now that you've praised me, I guess it's time to riichi.
Kokoro: This is troublesome. Noble though I am, I have no safe discards.
Kokoro: Perhaps this one will pass?
Yamato: Ron. Riichi ittsuu, dora 1, I believe.
Kokoro: Haha, what a petty wait. Your hand is nigh-worthless. Is that all you are capable of?
Kokoro: Mahjong is a game of wits, do not forget.
Kokoro: Hah! Tsumo! Tsumo, tanyao, dora 3.
Yamato: You're familiar with the game, I take it?
Kokoro: I often play with my relatives, all of whom graduated from an elite University in Tokyo.
*I could tell the two seniors playing with us were as frustrated by her tone as I was.*
*Their eyes said, 'Can't you do something?'*
Yamato: Tsumo for me, too. 2000 from all.
Kokoro: Your low score presages poor prospects in your future education.
Kokoro: My tsumo is far more noble! 8000, 16000!
Kokoro: Luck may win you a few small hands, but, with my noble blood, I am destined to win in the end.
Yamato: That went fast. It's the final hand already? Uh-oh.
Kokoro: You are behind by over 20,000 points. But you are the dealer, so try to show some resilience.
Ikurou: H-Hey... What the heck? Yamato, you're supposed to be good at this. All those small wins put you in second, but you're way behind her.
Ikurou: Is there really no beating someone smart at mahjong?
Kokoro: Precisely. There's inequality in society. Try to swallow that hard reality.
Yamato: Yonpachi, all that fidgeting you're doing behind me is really distracting.
Takuya: It'll be over soon, so you can rest over there.
Ikurou: Kh! Who else can I bring that can beat her? Or is it all hopeless?
Kokoro: Right. Time for a quick victory! Ahaha! (She laid down her tiles.)
Yamato: Ron.
Kokoro: Oh. Ahaha, isn't that worth all of 1500 points, little water flea?
Yamato:  Daisangen!
Kokoro: You... You what? A dealer's yakuman, and you take all the points from me?!
Ikurou: What's going on?! Sorry, I zoned out wondering if girls can also grow chest hair.
Ikurou: Wait--Whoa!!! A-Awesome!!!!!
Yamato: The game's over, and you're in last.
Ikurou: You did it, Yamato! I never doubted you!
Takuya: Stop being such a fair-weather fan, Yonpachi. I never doubted him.
Kokoro: Gah! That was naught but a fluke! Do not dare to suppose this means anything!
Yamato: Whatever. Just pay up.
*I took the dog whistle out of my pocket, just in case I'd need it.*
Kokoro: C-Curses! How could a plebeian defeat me?!
Kokoro: You will regret this! Waaaaaah!!!
*She ran crying from the room.*
Yamato: Oh, sheesh. I can't say I'm surprised. I guess I'll clean things up, then.
Yamato: Thanks for keeping your silence.
*I said to the two seniors at the board.*
*............*
Yamato: So Yonpachi still thinks my yakuman at the end was luck.
Takuya: I was so surprised. I looked away for a second, and suddenly you had a new set of tiles.
Yamato: I've been steadily practicing that trick by myself since I was little.
Takuya: Did you bring your own tiles?
Yamato: Yeah. I have a whole bunch of things in my bag for various games.
Yamato: The people running the place replace the tiles fairly often to prevent anyone marking them, but they always buy the same kind.
Yamato: So I bought the same kind myself, and hid the sangen tiles in my clothes.
Yamato: Once everyone looks away, I swap them in and I have daisangen. The real trick is swapping them back out afterwards.
Takuya: She would've been hard to beat otherwise.
Yamato: She was pretty tough, but she's never played with a proper scoundrel before.
*I'd won with such a petty trick, not because I was good, but because she was an easy mark.*
Yamato: Don't tell Chris about this. She'd be angry if she knew.
Chris: What is going on? I smell the smell of something running counter to justice.
Takuya: What kind of smell is that?
Chris: ...Slightly floral, I suppose?
Takuya: You clearly got a waft of someone's shampoo.
Yamato: Nah, we were just talking about how cute you are.
Chris: I do not appreciate such superficial compliments, Naoe Yamato.
*Chris trotted off.*
Takuya: You sounded completely monotone. I can't believe she bought it.
Yamato: To be honest, I felt awkward saying it.
Takuya: Yeah, flattering girls always feels awkward.
Yamato: Especially when it's Chris, weirdly enough.
*We were both shy.*
*............*
Kokoro: Ooh... *hic*... *sniff, sniff*
Koyuki: Wow, you're crying.
Koyuki: I wish I could cry like you. Ahahahaha!
Kokoro: Nnngh! Hey, Inoue! Where's Aoi-kun?
Jun: The Young Master? No idea. How about you, Yuki?
Koyuki: Hmm, I don't know. Touma isn't here today.
Jun: He's probably off playing with some girl again.
Koyuki: Just like always.
Kokoro: Again? Yet Aoi-kun ought to be able to defeat him.
Jun: After all that talk about beating 2-F at the gambling den, you lost?
Koyuki: That's why you ran away crying? It is, isn't it?
Kokoro: I did not flee from them! I simply charged forth in the opposite direction!
Kokoro: Next time will be a royal bloodfest!
Jun: Hey, hey, don't go picking fights you don't have to. It's just more trouble for us.
Kokoro: I will not stomach those inferior beings continuing to look down on us.
Jun: It kinda looks to me like you're all on the same level.
*Our whole gang was in the living room of the Shimazu Dorm.*
*Everyone was free to do their own thing at night at the Shimazu Dorm.*
*Me, I was busy reading a book I'd borrowed from Capt.*
Chris: Hm hm hmm
Yamato: That must've been a nice bath, Chris.
Chris: Hot springs are wonderful. I would take a bath twice a day if I could.
Yamato: Are you fitting in at school?
Chris: I believe I am. Everyone is so nice to me.
Yamato: I see. That's great news.
Chris: What is that book in your hand?
Yamato: It's a book on psychological tricks. Capt read it out of curiosity, but I don't think he liked it. It's interesting to me, though.
Chris: ...Psychological tricks, you say?
Chris: Why not read, say, a blood-pumping story of good triumphing over evil?
Yamato: Those are good too, but I want to read this right now.
Chris: To trick someone is to deceive someone.
Chris: Deceiving is an evil act. You must behave fairly, Naoe Yamato.
*Having said her piece, she went back upstairs.*
Miyako: Mmm, Chris really is a problem child.
Yamato: So is the girl who keeps coming into my room like she owns the place.
Miyako: I'm more like a gloomy spirit inhabiting the corner.
*She actually sat in the corner and started reading.*
Yamato: I feel like you're haunting more than inhabiting.
Miyako: Hey, I was also your wife in a previous life.
Yamato: So tell me, what were we in our previous lives?
Miyako: ...Moles, I think.
Yamato: We weren't even human?!
*We continued to joke around about nothing as the night grew late.*
*--Shimazu Dorm, breakfast time.*
Yamato: A Western breakfast with toast is nice every so often.
Yamato: Do you want some coffee, Chris?
Chris: Thank you!
Chris: Could you also add some milk and sugar?
Yamato: Sure. Do it, Cookie.
Cookie: Leave it to me.
Chris: Why do you sound so proud when Cookie is doing all the work?
Miyako: Doesn't the thought of buttering something up make you feel funny?
Yamato: Nope. If you're still half asleep, go wash your face.
Yamato: Mayucchi, could you pass me the soy sauce?
Yukie: Ah! Yes. I, Mayuzumi Yukie, will stop at nothing to hand you the soy sauce!
Yukie: Hiya!!!
Yukie: Here you go, Yamato-san!!!
Yamato: Th-Thanks.
Yukie: I was helpful... I couldn't be happier.
Tadakatsu: The hell? You're insane, freshie.
Yamato: Mayucchi, let's go to school together. We'll meet in the front hall.
Yukie: Oh! O-Okay. Um... Are you sure you want to go with me?
Shouichi: Wrong question. The right one is, why'd you leave before us yesterday? Stop being so reserved.
Yamato: You should join us too, Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: Screw that. My ears would die from all your yapping.
Miyako: Yamato, I'm about to eat a sausage.
Yamato: What about it? Be quiet.
Tadakatsu: Life's so much louder now. Damn it all...
*............*
Yamato: Oh. You're the first one here, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Yes! I will devote myself to attending school together with you all!
Yamato: Hmm, you're really stiff.
Yukie: ... *stare*
*Mayucchi looked at me patiently, with puppy-dog eyes.*
*It could be fun to mess with her, I thought. I...*
Surprise her to break the ice
Tickle her to break the ice
Make her tell a joke to break the ice
Yamato: Mayucchi. Do you want a piece of gum?
*I took out a pack.*
Yukie: Yes, thank you very much! I would love to!
*As Mayucchi reached out to take a piece of gum...*
*...a toy cockroach popped out of the box of gum!*
Yukie: Gh! ...Th-Thank you for the gum!
Yamato: Huh?
Yukie: I-I love this gum. Thank you very much!
*What the... She was pretending she hadn't seen it.*
Yamato: Um, if you're playing dumb so you don't hurt my feelings, you can stop. That was a prank.
*I picked the fake cockroach up off the ground.*
Yukie: Bweh? Oh, umm...
Matsukaze: Now you done it. You're like some entertainer that got caught blowin' his lid on candid camera!
Yukie: I had a chance to play along with a joke, and I failed... Ooh. I'm sorry.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi knows she done bad, so go easy on her.
Yamato: I-It's all right, really.
*She didn't seem like the type of girl who was overly sensitive about anyone touching her.*
Yamato: Mayucchi, be at ease.
Yukie: Oh...? O-Okay.
*She literally stood at ease.*
Yamato: Atten-tion.
Yukie: Yes, sir! I am at attention, sir!
Yamato: Armmm up!
Yukie: Yes, sir! Raising my arm!
*She obediently did as I commanded.*
Yamato: I'll tickle you! (I reached over and tickled her side.)
Yukie: Hauu?! *flinch*
Yukie: Hah! Heh! Ahh?!
Yamato: I-I mean, you don't have to completely panic.
Yamato: I just wanted to help you relax.
Yukie: Oh... I-I'm sorry, I overreacted.
Yukie: Th-Then please... Start again?
Yamato: N-Nah, it's fine.
Yamato: Mayucchi, do you know any good jokes?
Yukie: B-Bweh?! A joke?!
Yamato: Yeah, a joke.
Yukie: I need to call a strategy meeting!
Matsukaze: Yo, I got this. This gonna be good.
Yukie: I don't know. I didn't expect to be given such a difficult challenge this quickly.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, we make him laugh and we've gotta one-way ticket to bein' popular.
Yukie: That does sound tempting!
*So ended her one-woman meeting.*
Yukie: Th-Then... Here I go, with my sharpest joke.
Yamato: Go ahead.
Yukie: Can you eat a one hundred yen coin?
Yamato: The punch line better not be 'I sure coin't'.
Yukie: I sure co... ah... um... err.
Yukie: S-Strategy meeting!!!
Matsukaze: Wha-- Mayucchi! He legit figured out the punch line!
Yukie: What should I do, Matsukaze? Any good ideas?
Matsukaze: Nope. Looks like I'm done for...
Yukie: M-Matsukaze? N-No way...
*She was whispering to herself. Was she all right?*
Yukie: U-Uh...
Yamato: Oh...
Yukie: Ooooh... Please punish me. I deserve it...
Yamato: Uh, I'd never punish you!
*I felt like I'd bullied her.*
*By the time Mayucchi calmed down, everyone was here.*
Yamato: Let's get going.
Gakuto: There's so much more eye candy now, and I like it.
*The guys were just me, Capt, and Gakuto. The other three were all girls.*
*We headed off to school.*
Yamato: What did you eat this morning, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Steak is what I have for breakfast.
Miyako: That's way too heavy for breakfast, duh.
Shouichi: Nice. Why can't we have meat in the morning at the dorm?
Yukie: I'm going to school with everyone...
Yukie: ...This is such a high-level friendship event. I'm so happy.
Shouichi: You barely ate anything, Chris. Can you make it to lunch?
Chris: Mm. I cut back on breakfast so that, when I get a bit hungry...
Chris: Tada. I have these four additional inari sushi, besides the ones in my lunch.
*Chris beamed as she showed off her small box of inari sushi.*
Yamato: You're as vulnerable as a Japanese tourist.
Chris: You say the strangest things.
Shouichi: Wow, that looks tasty. Gimme one.
Chris: Hey, I did not give you permission to eat one!
Shouichi: *om nom nom* Whoa, this's good.
Gakuto: Then I shall have one as well, along with some pickled ginger.
Chris: H-How rude of you!
*The second Gakuto reached into the box, she launched a kick at him.*
Gakuto: Gwah!!!
Miyako: Gakuto's airborne. That was a pretty sharp German kick.
Miyako: I think I'll combo him in the air. Hutt, hutt!
Gakuto: Ouch! That one-two strike hurts!
*Finally, Gakuto crashed into the ground.*
Gakuto: Ouch... *om nom nom*:  But this is worth all the pain.
*Even after getting blasted, he made sure to hang on to the inari.*
Momoyo: Yo.
*Suddenly, Nee-san patted my head from behind.*
Momoyo: Oh, an early-morning inari party?
Momoyo: I'll eat some too. *snatch*
Chris: H-How did you move so fast? Wait, you took two?!
Momoyo: *om nom nom* Mmm, they're good. Bro, Miyako, tissues?
*The tyrant demanded we wipe her hands.*
Yamato: Fine. If we don't clean you, nobody else will.
Miyako: Sis, is this how you like it?
Momoyo: Yeah. You're eccentrically cute this morning, Miyako.
Momoyo: Get ready for me to rub my cheeks against yours.
Miyako: Yamato, we have a pervert on our hands!
Momoyo: Perverted and proud of it. I even watch JAV for fun.
Yamato: Please don't.
Yukie: Jay Ehh Vi?
Momoyo: Want to watch with me next time? It can be just the two of us.
Yukie: Hmm... Okay.
Gakuto: Hey, whoa now! It's a bit too early to try corruptin' her, Senpai.
Gakuto: Also, describe the girls in those videos...
Chris: Asking for your 'little bro' perhaps?
Miyako: Get your head out of the gutter. Let's keep it clean here.
Yamato: You're the only person whose mind went there, Miyako.
Momoyo: I'm worried. Things shouldn't be this bad for our family this early.
Gakuto: The conversation only turned sexual after you showed up, Momo-senpai.
Takuya: Good morning, everyone.
Miyako: Heyya.
*Moro, ever a calming influence, arrived, and that was enough to return things to normal.*
*The eight of us continued briskly along.*
Gakuto: Classes are so boring.
Takuya: I know, right? Half of our class simply sleeps through it.
Shouichi: Japan's so boring.
Miyako: I know, right? Half of the Diet simply sleeps through their session.
*Our conversation wandered aimlessly.*
Gakuto: The sun is out in full force, as if to cast a blessin' upon my future.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. You do know it's going to rain this afternoon, right?
Gakuto: Man, stop that! (He chopped at her.)
Miyako: I'm not a man. I'm a woman in love. *block*
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu... (She lightly touched her.)
Yukie: Y-Yes?!
Momoyo: You're a really good woman. Do you want to go to a public bathroom together?
Yukie: Bweh?
Takuya: Momo-senpai seems to be going for her, and hard.
Momoyo: Hard...? I've hardly even started. Okay, hit it Gakuto! Follow up with that 'D' sound.
Gakuto: D... Damn, I'm handsome. Next is an 'M' sound.
Miyako: Mine forever
Yamato: Rejection continues... Mayucchi, give us something that starts with an 'S' sound.
Yukie: S... S... S, S, S...
Yukie: Tsar Bomba!!!
Miyako: ......She's trying so hard as the newcomer.
Shouichi: She's like a light bulb. The more you polish her, the more she'll shine. Comedically, anyways.
Momoyo: She's the kind of girl you wanna treat right.
Miyako: As long as the 'Giants' don't poach her once she's ready for the big leagues.
Miyako: Of course I'm talking about the ones from a famous fantasy manga, not some sports team.
Shouichi: You really thought hard on that one. You've earned yourself the right to stare passionately at Yamato.
Miyako: *stare* *stare* *stare*
Yamato: Nahhhgh, cut it out!
Chris: Mnngh!
Takuya: What's wrong, Chris? Do you need to, uh... Go to the bathroom?
Chris: N-No, heavens no! In truth... (She explained everything that had happened.)
Takuya: You let them take all of your inari sushi? That was careless of you.
Chris: Am I at fault in this case? I am unconvinced.
Takuya: Personally, when I bought some oden at a corner store a few days ago...
Takuya: I bought some extra oden. Does anyone want any?
Kazuko: I'll take kelp and burdock with beef! Yay!
Yamato: Thanks. Gimme the white radish and some shirataki noodles.
Momoyo: Hand over the boiled egg. Plus the pounded fish cake.
Shouichi: Fish sausage and fried tofu for me.
Miyako: I'm at an age where I want stuffed rolled cabbage and red fish paste.
Gakuto: I'm all about the sausage and octopus.
Momoyo: Also, gimme the broth while you're at it. Lots of broth.
Takuya: By the time I knew what was happening, all I had left was an empty bowl.
Chris: Then the lesson is that it is dangerous to present food before growing children?
Takuya: When people in our group make that mistake, we're like vultures.
Chris: Understood. I shall keep that in mind for future reference. Thank you.
Takuya: Ahaha. I'm just happy to help out.
Yamato: You still haven't gotten over losing your food?
Chris: Of course! This is inari we are talking about!
Yamato: Hold up. Don't get angry with me.
Yamato: I'll summon someone who'd be a more suitable match.
*I blew the dog whistle.*
Chris: That is the sound of an arrest whistle! Are you a constable?
Yamato: We use this whistle to call one of our friends. See there?
*Wanko came sprinting over.*
Kazuko: Morning! Who called for me?
Yamato: We call them dog whistles.
Chris: I see. Thus why blowing one causes Dog to come running.
Takuya: I can't believe how readily you accepted something this unrealistic.
Yamato: She's the type who thinks seeing is believing.
Chris: You can summon Dog whenever you will. So... what?
Miyako: In winter, you can use her as a hot blanket.
Miyako: Stick her between your legs, and she'll keep your feet warm.
Kazuko: But you'd better not turn over in your sleep, got it?!
Yamato: You'll always have someone to fight with, Chris.
Chris: I am not such a hot-blooded person as that.
Chris: I am sickened that you think I like to fight, Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: Wanko, Chris wants an early-morning fight with you.
Chris: Hey!
Kazuko: Oh, you have extra energy too? Okay!
Chris: I could fight if I wished, yes, but I have no such desire.
Kazuko: You love to give excuses, Kuri. Is that the German national pastime?
Chris: Heh heh. Name the contest.
*The two really were hitting it off.*
Gakuto: Momo-senpai, you look like you have somethin' troublin' on your mind.
Momoyo: ...Oh, I'm just thinking about which one of the girls here I'd want to marry, if I were a guy.
Gakuto: Why'd I even ask?
Takuya: You'd be surprised how often people look troubled when they're only thinking about something silly.
Yamato: So who did you end up choosing?
Momoyo: Wanko's my sister no matter my gender, so she's out.
Momoyo: Miyako's faithful, but she's sure to get mad if I'm playing around at night.
Gakuto: You're goin' to play around at night?
Momoyo: I'd still want to womanize in Horinosoto, Yoshiwara, and Kabukicho.
Momoyo: So I was torn between Kuri and Mayu-Mayu.
Miyako: It's weird. This is such a stupid conversation, and yet...
Miyako: I'm feelin' jelly.
Momoyo: That side of you is so cute, Miyako. Maybe I do want a harem.
*We walked on, and when we reached the bridge...*
Little Brother: Brother! Ain't that there Kawakami Momoyo?!
Big Brother: Yeah, she's right beautiful as the rumors say. I might give her a perfect score.
Yamato: Look at those two muscular guys. They must be here to challenge you.
Little Brother: Ain't ya Kawakami Momoyo?!
Momoyo: What's it to you?
Big Brother: We're the Niou Brothers, and we're right famous back home.
Big Brother: We're out lookin' for a strong wife that can give us a successor to our dojo.
Little Brother: Kawakami Momoyo, come along an' be our wife!
Miyako: The world did not need two more muscle-bound Gakuto-like idiots.
Gakuto: Hmph. I'm obviously a smarter Nice Guy than them.
Momoyo: Are you here to fight, or to find a wife?
Little Brother: We ain't gotta fight. Y'all know we'd win.
Big Brother: We're just fixin' to find us a wife who'll do us both. Wahaha!
Chris: How can anyone be as rude as you? They are no challengers.
Gakuto: This is a time for me to strut my stuff. I shall drive them away!
Punk: Huh? You think a mere student like you...
Punk: ...has a chance against me?!
Gakuto: Ouch...: That's all you've got?
Punk: What?
Gakuto: Here's a taste of a real punch!
Punk: Gwah?!
*Gakuto hit him square-on with a full-body blow.*
Punk: Y-You son of a...
Gakuto: You can barely stand, heh heh. Did you catch that? Tell me you saw that!
Miyako: You haven't been taking all our blows for nothing.
Takuya: His resistance is really something, thanks to us.
Gakuto: Hey, no wisecracks from the peanut gallery!
Momoyo: Kuri, you want dibs on the other one?
Chris: I would. The hammer of justice shall fall upon this conceited wretch!
Yamato: Wait, you didn't bring a weapon.
Chris: I do not need it, not against a mere thug.
Little Brother: Hahaha, what ya doin', girlie? You ain't even got boobs yet!
Chris: Wha--?!
Little Brother: A girlie that ain't got no boobs ain't no woman.
Chris: You... will pay for that!
Little Brother: How're you so fast?!
Kazuko: Why's Kuri so upset over the size of her breasts?
Takuya: You wouldn't be half as calm as you are if they were talking about you.
Gakuto: Take this! Galleon Lariat!
Big Brother: Gah! Kh, you're good... You're a right more beautiful and powerful man than me.
Gakuto: You're strong, but I'm just too nice for you.
Gakuto: So how about it?! I won, guys!
Momoyo: Nice one, Kuri. You beat him in a second.
Yukie: That was excellent! I admire how strong you are unarmed.
Kazuko: Not bad. You did... decent, yeah. Not bad.
Gakuto: Huh? When did the other guy get beat?
Takuya: We're already all about how fast Chris beat her opponent.
Gakuto: Nooooo! Why must my glorious victory be ignored?!
Shouichi: Well, cheer up. Here, I've got some flat pop for you.
Gakuto: You've had that in your bag for weeks! I don't want it!
Chris: Still, Gakuto, I am impressed you defeated a martial artist.
*The morning never got boring.*
Bookstore Owner: Yo. Ya idiots all together again?
Bookstore Owner: Whoa, hold up. Ain't there more of you than there was last time?
Shouichi: What do you think of our new friends?
Bookstore Owner: Here I was wonderin' how long ya idiots would stay together, and here ya are with two more... I never saw this comin'.
Bookstore Owner: Well, it's good to see y'all getting along, but don't go causin' any trouble.
Momoyo: Is that how people see us?
Takuya: It sucks how we can't deny it.
*............*
*--Third period break, Class 2-F.*
Haguro: Ah, this fuckin' sucks. I picked a hangnail, and now my finger's totally swollen.
Chika: Uh, that's why you don't pick at them. You cut them.
Chika: At any rate, Chris's skin is way too pretty.
Chris: Do you think so?
Mayo: Yes. It's soft, smooth, and white.
Chika: What kind of cream do you use?
Chris: I have never spared it much thought, actually.
Chika: You're just naturally like that? Ugh... There goes my self-confidence.
Haguro: Chris, I get the feeling you are so gonna be my rival.
Chika: You should punch her for that, Chris.
*Chris was getting along with her classmates.*
*But she would still snap at me.*
Yamato: ...All I did was see her changing. That's not that big of a deal, right?
Miyako: No, it's a pretty huge deal.
Yamato: Figures.
Miyako: But that's not the only reason, is it?
Yamato: Maybe we approach the world too differently.
Kazuko: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6...
*Wanko was off by herself, lifting weights.*
*--Lunch break.*
*I heard a song come over the speakers. It was radio hour.*
Listen to the radio
Don't listen
Jun: Hi, everybody. Any narcissists out there who have a picture of themselves as their phone's wallpaper? It's time for this week's episode of Love Kawakami.
Jun: Your hosts are me, the smooth sophomore, Inoue Jun.
Momoyo: And the woman whose life goal is to surround herself with beautiful girls, senior Kawakami Momoyo.
Jun: Man, it's been getting hot lately.
Momoyo: No, it's hasn't.
Jun: Come on, play along! Whatever, let's just open up the mailbag.
Momoyo: I'm in a good mood right now, so I'll read one.
Momoyo: 'Jun-san, please check yourself into a clinic for your unhealthy love of children.'
Momoyo: Hahaha. Even the listeners are making fun of you.
Jun: A clinic? Maybe a pediatrician's office.
Momoyo: Say one more indecent thing, and I'm dislocating your bones. Okay, letter number 2.
Jun: 'If you could take one thing with you to a deserted island, what would it be?'
Momoyo: Saying I'd just swim home would be cheating, right?
Jun: I guess so. Let's assume we're stuck there.
Momoyo: I'd take my friends.
Jun: I'd take a young girl, one whose chest is just starting to bloom.
Jun: Huh?! Gaaaaahhhhh!!!
*Such a violent radio program.*
*The show was just going to be mindless violence anyways.*
*I was relaxing when...*
Ikurou: Hey, Yamato! That Class S girl from yesterday wants to talk to you!
Yamato: Huh? You mean that girl from the gambling den?
Ikurou: Yeah, the one you want to tie up and make cry.
Yamato: What a waste of time. What's she want to compete at this time?
Ikurou: It's not about gambling. She wants to see you on the roof.
Yamato: Well, if I don't go, everyone will call me chicken. Guess I don't have a choice.
Yamato: Wanko, Miyako, want to come?
Miyako: Yes, Master. I will guarantee your safety.
Kazuko: If it looks like a fight's gonna break out, you can count on me.
Gakuto: What gives, Yamato? Why wouldn't you call me, the tough guy?
Kazuko: You fought this morning. Let me have a turn.
*--On the roof.*
Kokoro: Welcome! I admire your courage.
Yamato: Why call me here? Wait, you're not about to ask me out, are you?
Kokoro: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What?! Why would I do that?!
Yamato: Hahaha, look at you blush.
Miyako: That's not funny.
Yamato: Excuse me.
Kokoro: I am here to formally challenge you to a duel!
Yamato: I'm not really down for that.
Kokoro: I will not be the one fighting you.
Kokoro: I'll leave that to you, my champion. Crush him, Aoi-kun!
Yamato: Aoi... Aoi Touma?!
*His test scores were always at the top of the class.*
Touma: I could never refuse a request from someone as cute as you.
Touma: All I ask in return is a hug.:  With payment in advance. (He threw his arms around her.)
Kokoro: A-Aoi-kun?!
Touma: I dedicate this victory to you. Simply wait and watch.
Kokoro: U-Uh... Very well.
Miyako: Who is that... thing? It's making me angry.
Touma: Hello, Naoe-kun. I believe this is the first time we've gotten to speak face-to-face.
Yamato: We have run into each other at the gambling den.
Touma: I am Aoi Touma from 2-S. It is a pleasure to properly meet you.
Yamato: Naoe Yamato. Nice to meet you.
Chika: Wow, Touma-kun's just so cool. No wonder he's one of the Elegante Quattro.
Haguro: I wanna give him my anal virginity.
*The girls were getting excited.*
Touma: I love women.
Yamato: Nobody asked.
Touma: I also like men. Heheheh.
Yamato: Absolutely nobody asked that!
Touma: I have no grudge against you, yet fate demands this bout.
Touma: By all means, let us compete. To the winner will go a sum equal to twice that which the girl lost yesterday.
Yamato: A duel, huh?
Touma: Yes. I have been called upon to avenge my classmate.
Ikurou: Just picturing Yamato taking this creep out is making me hard!
Yamato: What's the contest? If it's something physical, I'm going to call in a proxy.
Kazuko: I am Yamato's sword, Kawakami Kazuko! I shall defeat his enemies!
Miyako: And I am Yamato's sheathe, Shiina Miyako! I shall lovingly embrace his sword!
*I paused for a moment to smack Miyako on the head.*
Touma: I prefer to use my brains rather than my brawn.
Yamato: I guess that's one way we're alike.
Touma: You think we're alike? Oh, you flirt.
Miyako: Yamato, this man smells like a pervert.
Yamato: You can identify your kind by scent?
Yamato: Mn, that's the bell. Lunch break's over.
Yamato: Let's settle this here, after school.
Touma: With pleasure. Thank you for accepting my challenge.
Touma: Deciding on when and where to meet... This sounds wonderfully similar to a date.
*Had he already begun his mental assault?*
Touma: Would you mind if I lovingly called you Yamato-san?
Yamato: Yes, I would mind. Keep it to Naoe-san, if nothing else.
Touma: That troubled expression of yours is simply delectable.
*I was better off ignoring every terrifying thing he said.*
*............*
*--Fifth period break, 2-F strategy meeting.*
Yamato: I've always wanted to face off against Aoi Touma.
*He always came out ahead at the gambling den.*
*I'd wanted to see how I'd measure up.*
*So it was time to gather information.*
Yamato: Aoi Touma. Class 2-S.
Yamato: He's the only son of the director of Aoimon Hospital, the biggest hospital in Kawakami City.
Yamato: He has the highest test score in our year, and he's even in the top ten in nationwide exams.
Chika: Yeah. He's hot and kind, so he's one of the top three most popular guys in school. Plus, he's smoking hot.
Takuya: You just called him hot twice.
Ikurou: In the end, women always fall back on looks. Damn, just thinking about it is giving me a boner.
Takuya: Everything gives you a boner. What's next, the shape of a soda bottle?
Ikurou: Just hearing the word 'cherry' turns me on.
Takuya: How do you even function day-to-day?
Ikurou: By the way, how're you gonna compete? You can't beat him in looks.
Gakuto: My looks are nothin' to scoff at, but... Well, I'd say there's a 0.5 game difference between us.
Takuya: You think so? You need to shift that decimal point a few places.
Gakuto: Am I beatin' him that badly? I had no idea, heheheh.
Takuya: Could you please not be that full of yourself, just this once?
Gakuto: You think I'm conceited? That's why you're so insignificant. You gotta believe in yourself.
Ikurou: He's right. You've just laid into people all day.
Ikurou: Shit! 'Laid'?! That's an R-rated word right there!
Chika: Could someone please tell that rutting monkey to either go find a mate at the zoo or shut up?
Yamato: Yonpachi, here's something to fantasize about.
Ikurou: What?
Yamato: Go talk it out with the other guys in the back. The topic is that your daughter brings home her boyfriend.
Ikurou: I mean, you obviously kill the boyfriend. Kill him at least 20 times, then write 'rapist' on his forehead.
Takuya: That's pretty extreme, but if it did happen in real life, it'd be pretty depressing.
Suguru: Wait. Hold on. We must first determine whether or not the girl is related to you by blood.
Miyako: Hmh...
Takuya: What, do you have something to say, Miyako?
Miyako: ...It's nothing.
Gakuto: If somethin''s on your mind, say it.
Miyako: Well, why worry about that? You're never going to have children anyways.
Ikurou: You... You don't have to stab a dagger through my chest!
Suguru: That was uncalled for, you thrice-damned 3D woman.
Gakuto: Hahaha, you guys are all sad. She just told you.
Takuya: Why are you acting like you're any different? You got nailed, too!
Yamato: Would you be willing to go out with Aoi Touma, Ogasawara-san?
Chika: Totally. He's, like, a diamond in the rough.
Suguru: Hmph. You would treat men as objects? Why does adding one more dimension ruin all appeal and creates a raging bitch?!
*While his words were bold, he said them from awfully far away.*
Chika: Did that box of creeps just say what I think it said?
Chris: Hey, hey. No fighting.
Yamato: Chris, it's all right.
Chris: Mmngh.
*I had to calm down the officer of the peace who'd arrived at the scene before things turned unpleasant.*
Yamato: So, do you know anything else about Aoi?
Chika: Just that he's always hanging out with that skinhead.
Chika: Oh, and I heard he likes Western music, like Black Planet. A girl told me he sung in English at karaoke.
Yamato: That's cool. Anything else? (Black Planet? Guess we like the same music.)
Chika: He's humble, so he's decently popular among guys, too.
Yamato: Thanks. That's all the information I need to make my profile of him.
Yamato: I think I can win. Just because he's the smartest in our grade doesn't mean I have to start shaking in my boots.
Chika: Touma-kun's cool and all, but seriously, screw 2-S.
Chika: So I'm glad my information helped.
Chika: Can I watch the duel? It sounds interesting.
Yamato: You can do whatever you want.
Chika: Then I'll tell my friends to come, too!
Yamato: I've got my own things to take care of. I'll be back later.
Miyako: The next class starts in five minutes.
Yamato: Five minutes is more than enough.
Yamato: I'll start with Tanishi-kun...
*............*
*--After school.*
*Curious onlookers from classes F and S both milled about the area.*
Yamato: Oh, wow... That'a a lot of girls you brought there.
*He must have had a dozen at his back.*
Touma: You, on the other hand, seem to have obtained quite the popularity from the guys.
Yamato: They're just here to see you lose.
Touma: This duel certainly promises to be exciting.
*Aoi placed his badge on the ground.*
Touma: Now, let us duel.
*I put my badge on top of his.*
Yamato: I accept your challenge.
*So it began.*
Gakuto: Kick his ass! That'll make all those girls rooting for him shut up!
Ikurou: Yeah, make him look lame. Weheheh.
Yamato: Are all of my supporters just jealous of him? And looking at his...
Aoi's Fan 1: Touma-kun, good luck!
Aoi's Fan 2: Beat Class F!
Aoi's Fan 3: That whole class is just yuck!
Yamato: ...I feel like I've already lost.
*The only other person at our school with such an unabashed fan club was Nee-san.*
Chika: Come on! You can do it, Naocchi!
Yamato: Oh, so I do have a girl cheering for me.
Chika: Good luck to you too, Touma-kun!
Yamato: You're honest to a fault...
Kazuko: ... (She glanced left and right.)
Kazuko: Whew. I don't think Kuki-kun's here.
Touma: We agreed to compete intellectually, though we never did agree on what.
Yamato: Given everyone who's shown up to watch, we might as well show them a good time.
Touma: You're such an entertainer. But the same thought did occur to me.
Yamato: So... What do we do?
*I looked around the rooftop.*
Touma: I did bring an unopened pack of cards and a sealed box of dice, in case they were necessary.
Touma: I am fond of those sorts of games.
Yamato: It'd be hard for the spectators to follow along.
Touma: True enough. Only the front rows could see the results.
Yamato: We're outdoors, so let's think of something else. (Besides, I'm not trusting anything you brought.)
Yamato: Hmm, what about... Oh!
*I looked down at the sports field.*
*The track team had begun their after-school practice.*
Yamato: You like gambling. How about this...
Yamato: The track team is timing the runners, right?
Touma: Yes. They always practice very hard.
Yamato: Do you want to bet on who out of the four in the last group will win?
Touma: I see. A simple horse race, is it? That would be interesting.
Touma: However, there are plenty of other people on the grounds. So many other possibilities for a bet.
*Aoi's eyes never looked away from mine as he spoke.*
Yamato: I'm open to suggestions.
Touma: ...Hmm. The track team does seem like it would be the most thrilling.
Touma: Let's go with your proposal.
Yamato: Good. I like the way you roll.
Chika: S-Slow down, Naocchi. Are you sure you want to do that? It's a game of pure luck.
Touma: So you would think, Chikarin, but that's not quite true.
Chika: Wow, you know my nickname?
Touma: Are you familiar with the term 'paddock'? It's where you check the condition of race horses before they run.
Touma: Likewise, the correct strategy here is to observe the four racers to determine who is the most psyched up, thereby increasing the odds of victory.
Yamato: Yeah. And this way, we can all enjoy the race.
Touma: They will be running in the race after this next one, giving us plenty of time to deliberate.
Takuya: Those four are all from Class B. The best way to get an advantage would be to already know their best times.
Shouichi: In those practice heats, don't you usually run against people with similar times?
Takuya: Oh, right. Then that makes things tougher.
Touma: Though this is tricky, I believe I have made up my mind.
Yamato: Hmm... I agree it's tricky, but... okay. I've made my choice, too.
Touma: I shall bet on the guy closest to us, the one with the short, spiky hair. He is not my usual type, but I can see on his face his desire to win.
Yamato: I'll go with the guy furthest from us, the one with the long hair in a man bun.
Touma: Heheheh. I am glad to see we chose different people. This will be fun.
Touma: However, I fear your choice has little hope of winning. Look, he's yawning. He clearly has no desire to run.
Yamato: He'll switch gears when it's time to race.
Touma: So you go for the long shots. That is wonderful, Naoe-san.
Chika: From the looks of it, I get the feeling Aoi-kun's right.
Yamato: Huh? Really? Did I screw up?
Touma: Alas, the race is about to start.
Yamato: W-Well, whatever. He could still surprise us!
Chika: Uh... I am so losing faith in you right now.
Kazuko: It's all right, Chikarin.
Kazuko: Take a closer look at Yamato. See how he's smiling?
Chika: I'm pretty sure that's to hide his embarrassment.
Kazuko: Nope. He only smiles like that when he's got something up his sleeve. Hehe.
Chika: Why do you sound so proud?
Gakuto: Oh, they're off!
Chika: Wow, the long-haired guy's off to a quick start.
Yamato: Yes! Today's my lucky day.
*...As if!*
*I'd already worked things out with the track team since their field was in full view of the roof.*
*The group running now were easy bribes. Everything had gone smoothly.*
*I'd found out their schedule for today.*
*Since they were simply setting personal times, it was easy enough to ask for one race to be a little less fair than the others.*
*Specifically, the long-haired guy was far quicker than the other racers.*
*Aoi was such a fan of gambling that I knew he'd sink his teeth into anything similar to horse racing.*
Yamato: I knew the long-haired guy could do it if he tried.
Yamato: Aoi Touma, I win.
Touma: ...It is still too early to tell.
Yamato: Wait... What?
Gakuto: Hey, the long-haired guy's suddenly put on the breaks...
Takuya: Hey, the spiky-haired guy just pulled ahead!
Yamato: Ah?!
Ikurou: And now he crossed the finish line! What gives?!
Yamato: I... lost...
Touma: That was so close. I felt chills for a moment.
*The arrangements were perfect. So... why?*
Touma: This would be my victory.
*Money was the only thing those guys cared about. If they'd betrayed me...*
*Basking in the win, Aoi came up close to me and whispered in my ear.*
Touma: When I went to bribe them and learned that you had already made the move, I was surprised.
*I knew it. He had bought them out.*
Touma: So thanks to that, I had to spend far more money than I had anticipated.
Touma: After all, I had to give them a better offer than yours.
*Shit, he wasn't just some rich kid.*
*He'd gotten an edge on me, yet still acted hesitant so he could watch and enjoy my reaction. What a swell guy.*
Touma: I quite enjoyed our little duel.
Yamato: You got me this time.
*I raised my hand.*
*The two runners stretching on the field, the guy practicing high jumps, and the tennis player all noticed and gave a collected sigh.*
*This signal meant we weren't gambling on them, so there wouldn't be any shared winnings.*
Touma: Goodness...
Touma: You arranged so much in such a short span of time?
Touma: (While I was also able to prepare the cards, making arrangements with the track team took the rest of my time.)
Touma: Heheheh.
Yamato: What?
Touma: Naoe-san, I believe we have very similar minds.
Yamato: ...I think you're right, Aoi Touma.
*There was no way the cards and dice hadn't been a trap, somehow.*
Yamato: Hahaha. I'll get my revenge someday.
Touma: I will look forward to it.
Gakuto: ...Hey, hey, hey.
Yamato: Huh? Why does this feel like one of those times when you say too much to a girl and she starts bawling?
*The stares of the classmates who'd come to watch stung.*
Suguru: Were this a game, everyone's impression of you would have gone down one rank. But had you won, you'd have unlocked a special scene.
Yamato: You lost me on that one.
Chika: In the end, you lost. That's so totally lame.
Yamato: From the ashes a fire shall be woken. A light from the shadow shall spring. Renewed shall be blade that was broken. The crownless again shall be--
Ikurou: You failed us, Tactician. I believed in you.
Takuya: It's scary how fast our class turns on you when you lose.
Touma: Then I suppose we will be going.
Shouichi: Hold up.
Touma: Hm?
Shouichi: Beating Yamato ain't easy.
Shouichi: So play with me, too.
Yamato: Capt?
Shouichi: Yamato's my friend. I won't take his loss sitting down.
Touma: I myself competed to avenge a classmate.
Touma: I suppose one last match would be appropriate.
Jun: Hold up! You don't need to fight twice, Young Master.
Jun: I'll do it. My injury from lunch has already healed.
Chika: Huh? We're actually going to have a round two?!
Kokoro: Good, very good! Two consecutive wins will shatter 2-F's pride! A noblewoman such as myself could ask for nothing more!
Jun: You're a fast runner, right? I've heard rumors about you.
Shouichi: Yeah. I'm even faster when I'm running away.
Jun: I'm pretty confident, too. Let's race, dammit.
Shouichi: You're on! Let's say the winner gets what Yamato just lost.
Jun: I didn't win that money. Let's go with half that.
Yamato: That's fine. I'll get back what I lost myself.
*Besides, if we won half of what I'd just lost, add in what I'd won from Fushikawa and we'd be at net even.*
Shouichi: All right. Then we'll get half now, and half later.
Kokoro: We have a second duel!!!
*The spectators from both sides erupted in cheers.*
Shouichi: Then let's go down and grab the field.
Jun: Hold on. You can see the school gate from here, right?
Shouichi: Yeah, easy.
Jun: How about we start here, and make the school gate the finish line?
Jun: I'm really fast. I did this all the time in elementary school, until I was sent to the nurse's office. They called me Five-Step Jumper Jun.
Takuya: If they had to take you to the nurse's office, doesn't that mean you screwed up?
Shouichi: I'm down with that. Let's do it.
Kokoro: Then I shall go inform the teachers of such.
Yamato: Why'd you let him play to his strengths?
Shouichi: The more confident he is, the more he's gonna be devastated when he gets crushed.
*Capt looked completely composed.*
PA: A duel will soon be taking place on the rooftop of Building B.
PA: The event is a race from the rooftop of Building B to the school gate.
PA: Any students along their route are asked to quickly step out of the way.
Chika: Wow, they wasted no time with that.
Shouichi: All right, let's get this party started!
Jun: Sorry, but Class S is about to win twice in a row.
Jun: Umm, 2-F Class Rep, can I ask you something?
Mayo: Yes? What is it?
Jun: I want you to watch my glorious victory. (He had passion in his eyes.)
Mayo: Huh?
Chika: (Here comes another creep.)
Touma: Your interests never do change, Jun. Hahaha.
PA: All right. On your marks.
Yamato: I guess they'll be calling the start for us.
*The racers moved into position at the starting line.*
PA: Ready... Set... Go!
Jun: Raaaaaaahhh! Rocket start!
*Baldie sprinted full-speed towards the stairs inside the building.*
Jun: Check this out! I'm gonna jump five steps at a time the whole way down!
*He screamed as he disappeared from view.*
*As for Capt...*
Shouichi: Whoa, he really is fast.
*He was still at the starting line.*
Takuya: What are you doing, Capt? You have to hurry!
Touma: Did you surrender?
Shouichi: I mean, takin' the stairs down is too lame, you know? You gotta do better than that to beat a guy as free as the wind!
*Capt took off, but in the opposite direction.*
Yamato: No way is he going to...
Shouichi: Time to fly!!!
*Without a hint of hesitation, Capt jumped out of the window.*
Kokoro: That is absurd! We are on the fifth floor!
*Everyone ran over to the ledge and peered down...*
*...to see Capt sliding down a tree.*
Touma: He jumped onto the tallest tree?
Chika: You'd have to be, like, crazy to think of that, let alone do it!
Kokoro: Yet he did it so effortlessly.
*That shortcut all but guaranteed him the win.*
Jun: Huh? How'd he get in front of me?!
*When Jun came out of the building and saw what had happened, he was no less surprised than the rest of us.*
*He sprinted after Capt, trying to catch up, but Capt had quick legs himself.*
Shouichi: I'm the gust, the gale, the tempest, the typhoon, the whirlwind, the hurricane, the maelstrom!!! I'm the wind -- nothing in this world can catch me!
Jun: Damn, I can't catch him!!!
*Capt blazed over the goal line...*
*...and past the goal line, and out of sight around the corner.*
Yamato: Wait, where's he going? He won.
*A few moments later, he sent me a text.*
*Headed to work. Grab the money for me!*
Yamato: ...He really is like a passing storm.
*We went back to 2-F, where everyone kept talking about Capt.*
Ikurou: Kazama really did blow my mind.
Mitsuru: The second he takes the field, it's impossible to imagine him losing.
Suguru: Those 2-S jerks were equally dumbfounded. That brought peace to my heart.
Chika: Kazama is just so totally cool. I am so not giving up on him.
Mayo: He truly seems like a friend you can rely on, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Yeah, really. That's why he's our leader.
*He'd completely erased my loss.*
*But I knew I wouldn't feel better until I formally defeated Aoi by myself.*
*Next time would be different!*
*............*
*--Night, in the secret base.*
*With the holiday tomorrow, a number of us had shown up here.*
Cookie: Our game begins in April 2008.
*We were playing a table top role-playing game where Cookie was the game master.*
*It was a hardcore title called Legendary Game Developer.*
*Each player took the role of a rival game studio, and whoever made the most money won.*
Cookie: You discovered a doujin game that's been making waves online. It's of the nakige genre, and was created by a single person, the author himself.
Takuya: I'll try to recruit that writer.
Cookie: What's your offer?
Takuya: Um, the base project fee would be 500, with a bonus payout starting at 10,000 copies sold.
Cookie: Probability is 40%. I'll roll a d100 dice.
Cookie: ...61. Negotiations failed.
*Moro, Miyako, Capt (now back from work), and I were the four players.*
*None of the others knew enough about game studios to enjoy it.*
Cookie: Miyakosoft, it's time to announce your new game.
Miyako: We'll make a fandisc for our big hit.
Cookie: A safe choice. The playerbase supports it.
Yamato: Nice going, Miyakosoft. You're running a stable and reliable business.
Miyako: Hehe. Our next project is going to be a spin-off.
Cookie: May 2008. Yamatosoft's game comes out today.
Yamato: Unless I'm competing against another big game, I should do well.
Cookie: After being delayed, The Devil on E-String is released on the same day. Your sales decrease by 2%.
Yamato: My luck's that bad...? But I should be able to turn a profit.
Shouichi: My company's strapped for cash 'cause I hired way too many people.
Cookie: You've released lots of games, so the money hasn't stopped flowing. They're heavy on fanservice, so your popularity is still rising.
Cookie: So long as blood still courses through your veins, you'll always have another chance.
Yamato: Hmm.
Momoyo: What's wrong, lil' bro? You seem off today.
*Nee-san was shoveling popcorn into her mouth.*
Momoyo: I heard you lost a duel.
*She squeezed her legs around my neck.*
Yamato: I'll get him back.
Momoyo: Good. That's the spirit.
Momoyo: I was getting worried. You seemed a bit out of it.
Yamato: Wow. I never knew you cared.
Momoyo: Of course I care for my bro.
Yamato: Really? Are you sure you weren't looking to tease me if I said something stupid?
Momoyo: You figured it out? Ah well. Play with me, too.
Momoyo: It'd be a waste of my beauty if I just sat around eating popcorn all night. C'mon.
*Boredom had driven Nee-san to start messing with me.*
Momoyo: Horse stance.
*Nee-san looked down at me.*
Momoyo: I want to study new pressure points. You'll be my guinea pig.
*She poked at me. She wanted me to play along, to make a joke.*
Yamato: Okay, let's get back to the game.
Shouichi: With her hanging over you? You're too used to getting messed with, Yamato.
Momoyo: This pressure point makes it so you can only use baby talk.
Yamato: Now... my turn... my... turn...
Momoyo: This pressure point turns you into Jessica Alba.
Yamato: I'm Jessica. (My voice squeaked in falsetto.)
Momoyo: Hahaha. What should I make him do next?
Cookie: You two siblings get along well.
Miyako: I guess I'll have to crush Yamatosoft.
Yamato: Don't be jealous.
Cookie: Running a company feels so emotionally visceral.
Yamato: Right about now Wanko's... training, probably?
*She was truly passionate.*
*--The riverside.*
Kazuko: Yaaaaah! Finish!
Gakuto: Whoa there. Your time's finally startin' to get worse.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff. I still have to work on my stamina.
Gakuto: You're still doin' fine, Wanko. You're not supposed to be greedy.
Kazuko: But I still have a long ways to go. I need tremendous lower body strength if I want...: Huh?
Hideo: Mwahahahahaha! If you are resting, then Our timing is impeccable!
Hideo: Azumi! Halt the vehicle at once!
Azumi: Yes, sir. Will do, Hideo-sama!!!
Kazuko: Kuki-kun? Uh...
Gakuto: If he's botherin' you, I can drive him away.
Hideo: Oh beloved Kazuko-dono! We rejoice to see you well!
Kazuko: Ahaha. Thanks, I guess.
Hideo: As it happens, We are also doing well! Behold this sign of Our glory!
Kazuko: Th-That's great.
Hideo: We can imagine nothing more brilliant than the sight of you pursuing your dream.
Hideo: Each bead of sweat upon your skin is more beautiful than a diamond!
Kazuko: Um...
Hideo: We would have you enter a relationship with Us. Let us begin with exchange diaries!
Kazuko: ...Sorry, but no thanks.
Hideo: Very well. Then We shall call upon you again some other day.
Hideo: Should you need assistance with your training, you need only say the word. The full resources of the Kuki Conglomerate are at your disposal.
Kazuko: That's kind of you, but no thanks, hahaha.
Gakuto: Wanko, don't you have more trainin' to do?
Kazuko: R-Right. So I'm sorry, Kuki-kun, but...
Hideo: No worries. Concern not your thoughts with Us, and continue about your training. We shan't say another word.
Kazuko: Okay...
Kazuko: ...Okay! Back to dashing!
Gakuto: She's now fully focused on training.
Hideo: That concentration is one of her finest assets.
Gakuto: What, you're not goin' the fuck home?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Now that We are here, it would be a waste not to engrave this scene into Our memory.
Gakuto: ...Man, I just don't get it.
Hideo: What's that, commoner? You may speak.
Gakuto: You got enough money to swim in, and chicks are linin' up to bang you. So why Wanko?
Hideo: Her dedication to her dream is what lures Us.
Hideo: Behold how earnestly she carries herself. Does the sight not instill in you the same appreciation for humanity's beauty it does in Us?
Gakuto: Huh.
Hideo: At first, We but supported her actions.
Hideo: Yet as We witnessed her, day after day, We could not stop thinking of her.
Gakuto: Wow. Then lemme ask you somethin'.
Hideo: Your words are as savage as your looks. Well, We shall overlook it on account of Our good mood. Speak.
Gakuto: Tell me you think your maid, Azumi, is hot, right?
Hideo: We would assume others may think so. Our valued maid deserves such accolades.
Gakuto: Are there other cute maids in your corporation?
Hideo: Mwhahaha, of course. For we are the Kukis.
Gakuto: You gotta introduce me to an older one, with world-class tits!
Hideo: We should, on occasion, grant a commoner's desire. Azumi!
Azumi: Yes, sir!
Hideo: See here...
Azumi: I have just the person in mind!
Azumi: Excuse me, but I will need to take a picture for her to see
Gakuto: Hold on! Allow me to strike the perfect pose.
*He flexed his muscles.*
Gakuto: Now, take as many pictures as you want! And send her this vision of handsomeness!
Azumi: One is enough Then I will send it along with a brief write-up
Hideo: Azumi trains the Kuki Servant Corps.
Hideo: As such, a reply ought to come momentarily. Patience, commoner.
Azumi: Oh, right. Takeda Kojuurou fumbled another assignment because of his injury.
Hideo: Again? His diligence is remarkable, yet he has not the talents to be an assistant.
Hideo: Nevertheless, Our sister has long kept him at her side. We cannot fathom why.
Azumi: Oh, I'm getting a flurry of replies.
Azumi: The first one says she can't because she has a boyfriend right now.
Gakuto: Well, there's no helpin' that. Next!
Azumi: She prefers thin, metrosexual men.
Gakuto: Well, everyone has their own preferences. Who's next?
Azumi: She says she doesn't want to date a musclehead.
Gakuto: Gh. A guy is supposed to be strong. Anyone else?
Azumi: He looks like a brute. I can't handle that.
Gakuto: Kh... I-I haven't given up hope. Keep going.
Azumi: Ugh. Guys in tank tops totally turn me off.
Gakuto: Gah!!! Ok, just kill me!
Azumi: Oh, I got one that says your body is sexy.
Gakuto: I'm back to life! I've been waitin' forever for a woman like that. What's her name? Age? Height? Breast size? Blood type? Favorite muscle?
Azumi: He is Richard-san, from the Marines.
Gakuto: A dude?! He may have a nice shapely chest, but I'm not interested!
Azumi: That was the last one. I'm sorry.
Hideo: Mwahahaha!!! A hopeless end for you, commoner!
Gakuto: Tch... Why don't any girls like me? That's all I want...
Azumi: That desperate attitude of yours probably holds you back.
Azumi: Well then, Hideo-sama. It's almost time for the general meeting, so...
Hideo: Indeed. We do not relish those events, but...
Hideo: Witnessing Kazuko-dono has boosted Our morale! Mwahahaha!
Kazuko: Final dash to the finish line!
*Kazuko's voice echoed across the Tama River.*
Yamato: Today's a holiday, the start of Golden Week.
Yamato: I got up when I'd normally need to for a school day, but my bed looks so inviting... *yawn*
Chris: Good morning. Do I spy you slacking off, Naoe Yamato?
Yamato: Morning. You're full of energy this early.
Chris: You should exercise alongside me. It clears your mind.
Yamato: Yeah... That sounds nice, too... *yawn*
Chris: You lack ambition.
Yamato: I studied until late last night.
Chris: So did I. That has nothing to do with today.
Yamato: Today's a holiday. I'm free to spend it however I want.
Chris: ...I suppose you are. I intend to spend it going on a walk.
*The German girl was still thorny towards me.*
Yamato: I'm going back to bed.
Yamato: Mmmngh... I can't sleep.
Yamato: Maybe a morning shower will wake me up...
*Each room had its own toilet, but we shared a bath.*
*I knocked on the dressing room door.*
Chris: I am changing right now.
Yamato: Oh?
Chris: Ah! Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: I do usually knock.
Yamato: Last time was the exception. I'm sorry.
Chris: Th-That is fine, so simply go back to your room!
Yamato: Thanks.
*As I headed back, my thoughts dwelled on what I'd seen last time.*
*Though that moment had been brief, it was unforgettable.*
*Her slender, snow-white body had been a sight to behold.*
Yukie: ...Yamato-san.
Yamato: Oh, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Good morning. (She bowed deeply.)
Yamato: Good morning.
Yukie: Are you thinking in the hallway?
Yamato: Yeah, I was thinking about the future of Japan, what with its huge national debt.
Yukie: That's so grand, and amazing... I truly admire that.
Yukie: Do you think Jipang, the land of gold, will survive?
Yamato: It's probably time to find some other country to live in.
Yukie: Y-Y-You're running away?!
Yamato: I'm joking. We're the next generation. It's our job to make everything better.
Yukie: That is wonderfully positive! I love Japan, too.
Yukie: Oh, yes. I was about to head to the convenience store.
Yukie: Is there anything you would like me to buy for you?
Yamato: No, I think I'm pretty much...
Yukie: ... (A glint flashed in her eyes.)
*Ah, she was hinting that she'd like to help.*
*She wanted to contribute as a friend.*
Yamato: That's really noble of you, Mayucchi, doing everything you can for your friends.
Yukie: N-No, no, you exaggerate.
Matsukaze: You got it! My girl Mayucchi's the best!
Yukie: Hey, Matsukaze. Don't do that.
Yamato: ...Like I was saying, you've got spirit.
Yukie: Is there anything you want?!
Yamato: ...Come to think of it, today is Wednesday so the new issue of Sumday is out.
Yamato: Can you go get me a copy? It's a manga magazine.
Yukie: Okay! You can count on me, Yamato-san.
Yukie: Then let's move out. Matsukaze, play the drums of war!
*With that, Mayucchi bolted off with enthusiasm.*
*And she returned before I could even blink.*
Yukie: I bought it, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Thanks!
Yukie: Here you go. It was 300 yen!
Yamato: Hm? Sumday was 300 yen?
*She'd bought me Young Sumday instead of Shounen Sumday.*
*Hmmm. What should I do?*
Yamato: Wait, is this all you bought?
Yukie: Oh, I'll be going back now for my own things.
Yukie: I didn't want to keep you waiting.
*She didn't have to go that far for me...*
Yukie: Oh...?
*She looked up at me, hungry for approval.*
*I went with...*
Praise her for her effort
Ask her to buy Shounen Sumday
Tell her not to worry so much
Yamato: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Yukie: Good... I'm relieved to hear that.
Yukie: If you need anything else, please ask.
Yukie: I'm the youngest here. I should be doing everything for everyone, so...
Yamato: You don't have to be so overly considerate, really.
Yukie: I shall return to the fields of battle. Matsukaze, fetch the gong!
Yamato: Sure. Take care.
Yamato: Mayucchi, this is Young Sumday.
Yukie: Hweh?
Yamato: I wanted Shounen Sumday.
Yukie: Are they different?
Yamato: Yes. They're completely different magazines.
Yukie: I-I can't even run an errand right...
*She slumped to the ground.*
Yukie: Please don't be mad, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Ah?! I don't know why you're glaring at me.
Yukie: I'll make sure to buy the right one this time!
Yukie: Simply relax here and wait. (She dashed out the door.)
Yamato: She's really quick on her feet, like an animal...
Yamato: I kinda feel like I'm bullying her.
*--Eight minutes later.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, um...
Yamato: Oh, welcome back.
Yukie: U-Um...
*She gazed at a piece of loose-leaf she held in her hands.*
Yukie: When I asked the clerk, he said there was no issue this week because of the holiday...
Yukie: And that there was a, uh, 'double issue' last week?
Yamato: Oh! Shoot, I forgot there's no issue this week because of the Golden Week holidays.
*And there had been a double issue last week. Right.*
Yamato: It was my mistake. Sorry.
Yukie: A-A-Are you mad? I didn't mean to make you mad.
Yamato: Mayucchi, you don't have anything to apologize for.
Yukie: But I was only able to buy what I wanted from the store.
Yamato: That's perfectly normal.
Yamato: You seriously don't have to worry so much.
Yukie: I suppose... But I wanted to be of help.
*Mayucchi dejectedly made her way up to the second floor.*
Yamato: Mayucchi, you don't have to always go out of your way for people.
Yamato: You don't have to put yourself second like... Uh, I mean...
*If I asked her for something and then preached at her about how she did it, I'd probably come off as an ass.*
Yamato: Ahem. As I said, you don't have to go out of your way so much.
Yukie: O-Okay.
Yukie: Umm, but if there is anything else, just ask.
Yamato: I'm fine.
Yukie: I see. Then I'll be going back to the convenience store.
Yamato: She's nice. Nice, but... Hmm.
*For now, I decided to keep an eye on her.*
*Keeping the right distance from people was a tricky thing after all.*
Chris: If you are of a mind to sleep standing in the hallway, go to your room and sleep there instead.
Yamato: In Japan, it's customary to stand in the hallway while you think.
Chris: Truly? I never knew.
Yamato: So it's rude to grumble at someone you see doing it.
Chris: I see. Then I apologize for my unintended slight.
Chris: I appreciate the lesson, Naoe Yamato. Thank you.
Yamato: N-No problem...
*I felt a bit guilty... She really didn't have a doubting bone in her body.*
*This must've been how she came to have so many misconceptions about Japan.*
*I wondered if our two new friends would be able to get along with us.*
*--The Kawakami Bookstore. Located in the Kinryuu Street shopping district near the station.*
*Kazama Shouichi worked here twice a week.*
Shouichi: Boss, mind if I throw this book here?
Bookstore Owner: Go ahead, ya idiot.
Shouichi: You're in a bad mood today, Boss.
Bookstore Owner: Damn straight, ya idiot. That big ol' new bookstore's stealin' all my business.
Shouichi: But the real book lovers still come here.
Shouichi: I was helping a customer the other day, and he turned out to be a famous author. Can you believe it? He must've been lookin' for reference books.
Bookstore Owner: Them big bookstores can't copy my hand-crafted selection.
Bookstore Owner: Honestly though, why ain't a ladies' man like yourself workin' at some karaoke joint?
Shouichi: That could be nice, but I like it here, Boss.
Shouichi: I mean, you got those niche fairy tales and picture books. I'm just happy getting to read them for free.
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot. If your antics hurt my sales, I'm done for.
Shouichi: But you gotta be thinking up ways to beat that big new place, right?
Bookstore Owner: Yeah. We're the old hands here. We know what local folks like.
Bookstore Owner: I've been thinkin', maybe we can use our location to our advantage.
Bookstore Owner: Bandana, you work that mind of yours, too.
Shouichi: Hmm, what sort of plans can a bookstore pull off...
Bookstore Owner: I have high hopes for ya, ya idiot. Here, I got you an early paycheck.
Shouichi: Whoa, a stack of lottery tickets? Thanks, Boss.
Shouichi: I'm gonna spend all night thinking about it!
Bookstore Owner: Good. Bandana, ya idiot, I love ya.
Miyako: ...
Bookstore Owner: There's another idiot freeloadin' one of our books.
Bookstore Owner: Sometimes she buys, but looks like she's just readin' today.
Shouichi: Excuse me. Will you be purchasing that or not?
Miyako: Maybe. Maybe not.
Shouichi: Hey now.
Miyako: You're at the bookstore today? I feel like you're always working somewhere.
Shouichi: Yeah, I wanna broaden my horizons by--: Hey, don't change the subject!
Shouichi: Miyako, I know we're friends, but while I'm on the clock, I--
Miyako: Then can you wait until I finish this chapter?
Miyako: After that, I'll make a ladylike decision on making a purchase.
Shouichi: Where exactly does that chapter end?
Miyako: It continues until the last page of the book.
Shouichi: Don't mess with me, ya idiot!
Miyako: Capt, you're talking like him now.
*--Gosto's, a family restaurant near the bookstore on Kinryuu Street.*
*Gakuto and Takuya were having a snack together.*
Gakuto: In a moment of grand inspiration, I realized that hittin' on girls in town is old news.
Takuya: Hmm. So what's your plan now?
Gakuto: I'm goin' to hit on the waitress here.
Takuya: Huh? Really? You're not playing it slow, then.
Gakuto: That's why I ordered coffee, a smart person's drink.
Gakuto: Look at you, orderin' a root beer float like a kid. Heh heh heh.
Takuya: Shut up. I like floats.
Gakuto: Since nobody else is around, the waitress is surely bored. Watch and learn from the master.
Gakuto: Excuse me.
Waitress: Yes?
Gakuto: Could I have another cup of coffee?
Gakuto: Just you wait. The horoscope said Leos are goin' to be lucky in love today.
Waitress: Here you are. (She poured him a fresh cup.)
Gakuto: I see there aren't many people here today.
Waitress: Yes, and with the holiday you'd think we would be a lot busier.
Gakuto: You look like a student. Do you go to Kawakami?
Waitress: Huh?
Gakuto: When's your shift over? You should come hang out with us afterwards.
Waitress: Ugh, where did that come from?
Waitress: Please, stop hitting on me. It's disgusting.
Gakuto: ...Huh? Impossible. I'm too nice of a guy for this to happen to me!
Takuya: She hated every second of that. You completely failed.
Gakuto: Well, come to think of it, this is what always happens. Hahaha.
Takuya: You're right. Ahahahaha.
Gakuto:  It's not funny!!!
Takuya: It took you long enough to realize you're supposed to be angry. You are so used to getting shot down at this point.
Takuya: It's clear as day that you screwed up by rushing things.
Gakuto: Maybe if you hadn't ordered such a kiddie drink!
Takuya: No way! The float isn't at fault.
Waitress: Now they're fighting. I don't want to wait on those savages anymore.
Waitress: I'll tell the other girls to keep their distance, too.
Gakuto: I am far better with the ladies than you! You're so girly!
Takuya: I'm at least better than you. You always act like you're the king of the world.
Gakuto: Huff, huff...
Takuya: Whew, whew...
*Realizing this fight was leading them nowhere, they called a ceasefire.*
Slacker 1: So Ryo really did do drugs?
Slacker 2: I hear you can get whatever you want on Oyafukou Street.
Slacker 1: Is it just me, or are there tons more druggies these days?
Slacker 2: Someone's gotta be dumping stock.
Slacker 1: I don't know man, but don't scary mafia types run those things?
Slacker 2: Yeah. So there's gonna be a crackdown sooner or later.
Slacker 1: It's kinda scary, but I'm kinda curious. What's it like, being on drugs?
Slacker 2: After all I said, you actually wanna... You got guts, Keiji-kun. Shit, man.
Slacker 1: Well, the window-breaking game means I won't be bored anytime soon.
Gakuto: ...Hey, hey. You hearin' what I'm hearing?
Takuya: ...That's some scary stuff. Their lives are so different from ours.
Gakuto: You're so timid, I'm more worried about you than the girls.
Gakuto: If any rough types call out to you, don't even look at 'em. Don't let 'em lure you into a back alley or anything.
Takuya: That's my line. Don't follow a beautiful woman into an ambush.
Gakuto: No matter how many men may surround me, my strength will overcome.
Takuya: That's great, if it works. But those types don't fight fair.
Gakuto: Regardless, there are far more important things to discuss. Like pickin' up chicks. Let's go to the station square.
Takuya: In the end, that's where you're going? You've never had success there.
Gakuto: I may have failed yesterday, but today will be different.
Takuya: It sounds cool, when you put it like that.
*--The battle begins.*
Girl: Um, do you two have a moment?
Takuya: Huh? G-Gakuto, she's talking to us!
Gakuto: (A girl has approached us?!)
Gakuto: (So the horoscope was right. It's a good day to be a Leo!)
Girl: Can I interest you in my religion?
Takuya: I knew it was going to turn out like this...
Gakuto: My losin' streak continues... But!
Gakuto: Even though I lost today, tomorrow will be different! The sun will come out tomorrow!
*--Oyafukou Street.*
*A fight had broken out in a back alley, not an uncommon occurrence around here.*
Tough Guy: You're done for.
*The man screwed his thumb into his opponent's ear.*
*The other one felt his eardrum rip.*
Shibutaku: Gahhh!!! S-Somebody, help...
Tough Guy: Hmph. Pathetic.
*The man licked the blood off his fist.*
*It made him feel aroused.*
Tough Guy: Hey, ain't you still got one good ear?
Tough Guy: This'll teach you not to infringe on our territory.
Tough Guy: Do it again, and you'll wind up like the other guy.
Tough Guy: Roadkill.
*He'd fight the strongest prey, but he preferred to deal efficiently with anyone else.*
Shibutaku: A-All right. I promise, just let me go! I won't sell drugs here no more! You can even take my product!
*All his prey could do was cry and beg for mercy.*
Tough Guy: I don't want your low-quality shit. Wash it all down the drain.
*The man had no intention of attacking his prey anymore.*
*He found no fun in beating up someone who had lost the will to fight.*
*But given what he was going to do next, maybe his prey would've preferred a quick beating.*
Tough Guy: ...Hmph. I ain't satisfied!
Tough Guy: I need more!
*His beastly shout echoed through the back alley.*
*This world was a step away from the normal one.*
*Here, power dominated. It made the world more natural and, in a way, more pure.*
*There had also been a drastic uptick in the number of STDs.*
*This man loved the chaos of that world.*
*It was the only place where a man like him could survive.*
Tough Guy: Ain't there anyone who can give me some real fun?!
*His scar-covered body shook with frustration.*
Shibutaku: Wh-What's with this guy?
Tough Guy: Fine. I'll let it all out. You, come with me!
Shibutaku: Wh-What? No! NOOOO!!!
Shibutaku: What? Huh? You're kidding? This can't be--Ahh!
Shibutaku: Ahhhhhhh!!!
*A 'change' was spreading through the city.*
*Something that was hiding from light of day.*
*But these events were disconnected from the normal school life of the Kazama Family.*
*It was a pleasant morning walk to school.*
*...Well, it had been.*
Momoyo Fan 1: Momo-senpai, look at me! Totally look at me!
*The girls' shrill shouts had ruined everything.*
Momoyo: Yo, lil' bro.
Momoyo Fan 2: Senpai, you can, like, so carry me today.
*Nee-san's fangirls surrounded her.*
Momoyo: You've got me completely surrounded. Today, I'll go with them.
Momoyo Fan 5: Aww. Let's go already, Senpai!
Momoyo: This is all part of the job. Hahaha.
*From the look of her, she was clearly enjoying every moment.*
Momoyo: Okay, I'll carry you in my arms tonight. Up you go!
Momoyo Fan 6: Ahh! This is out of this world... My heart's pounding so fast!
Momoyo: Hahaha. Enjoying this? Everyone else, be good girls and I'll carry you, too.
Momoyo Fan 9: I-I will! I'll be the best girl!
Momoyo: I gotta say, I've built myself one great harem. I'm in heaven.
Momoyo: I could even sing. Springtime for Momo is here
Momoyo Fan 10: I love your song, Senpai! (She clung to my sister.)
Momoyo: We should just skip school and find some place to have fun.
Momoyo Fan 11: Eek! I'd go anywhere with you!
*The hoard of girls surrounding her had put her in a good mood.*
Gakuto: Lucky... All I want is one. As soon as one falls away from the herd, she's mine.
*Gakuto sounded more like a beast on the savanna than a man in Japan. Leaving him behind, I headed to school.*
*The hallway was strangely loud this morning.*
Yamato: Did something happen, Kuma-chan?
Mitsuru: This time, someone broke this window. *om nom nom*
Yamato: It happened again? Whoever did it has got guts.
Mitsuru: The principal's not going to take this sitting down. *munch munch* Mmm, this cake is amazing.
Yamato: Chocolate gateau for breakfast? That's amazing, Kuma-chan.
Mitsuru: All the couverture chocolate makes it the best I've ever had.
Yamato: Lemme taste it... Oh, this is good. Where'd you get it?
Mitsuru: A cake shop in Noborito. It was hard to find it out in the residential district.
Yamato: Noborito? That's really far. You're a true gourmet.
Mitsuru: Here, take a full slice.
Yamato: Thanks.
Kazuko: Oh, what's that? It looks good, Yamato.
Yamato: Kuma-chan shared his cake with me.
Yamato: Do you want some, Wanko?
Kazuko: Yes, yes, yes!
Yamato: How about you, Chris? It's sweet and tasty.
Chris: Eating cake in our classroom before homeroom is a clear violation of common sense.
Kazuko: Wow, this is great! *om nom nom*
Chris: ...Well, I suppose it is not in violation of the rules.
Chris: I suppose I... Ahem. I could have some.
Yamato: While you were off muttering, we ate the whole thing.
Kazuko: Thanks.
Chris: Kh!
*It wasn't that big of a deal, I thought.*
*--Lunchtime.*
Takuya: Yamato! Aoi-kun's betting at the gambling den!
Yamato: He's there? I didn't think I'd get my chance at payback so soon!
*I'd been waiting for this. I had to beat him.*
Yamato: Everyone, I'm going to go beat Aoi Touma from Class 2-S in a gambling match. It's time to even the score. Anyone who wants to watch, follow me.
Kazuko: Wow, nice. I'll come see.
Miyako: I love your competitive drive, Yamato.
Chika: I, like, can't really picture Touma-kun losing.
Kazuko: Then you should come too, Chikarin. It'll blow your mind.
Chika: You have complete faith in Naocchi, don't you?
Chris: I frown on gambling...
Chris: Yet, I will see your righteous quest for vengeance to its end.
Ikurou: Getting back at those 2-S bastards? I'll cheer you on!
Yamato: Great, looks like we've got a lot of people coming.
Yamato: Afterwards, you'll tell the whole world how I turned things around.
Takuya: Hey, Yamato.
Yamato: Wh-What, Moro? Why are you so close to me?
*Moro's white face and girly skin set my heart strangely aflutter.*
Takuya: Are you sure you can win? You can't lose twice.
Takuya: If you play mahjong, he'll be on the lookout for anything you could do.
Yamato: That doesn't matter. I'm gonna challenge him to a game of cards.
*I headed to the gambling den, pretty much everyone at my heels.*
Yamato: ...So I request a rematch.
Touma: Very well.
Jun: You didn't even blink, Young Master.
Touma: We still have to make up for your loss, Jun.
Jun: ...Sorry.
Kokoro: No matter how many times you try, it's useless, useless, useless!
Koyuki: Now, now. Live for love and peace!
Koyuki: Shame neither of those is real.
Jun: What's with the one-woman comedy sketch, Yuki?
Takuya: There's a lot of other people from his class here to gamble.
Chika: They might be in the advanced class, but even they need to stretch their wings sometimes.
Touma: What game do you propose?
Yamato: How about a simple card game?
Touma: Agreed. I also enjoy cards. I have never failed to entertain a girl with a magic trick.
Touma: We are kindred spirits, you and I. We should go on a date sometime.
Yamato: Does he really swing that way?
Jun: Good question. I plead the fifth.
Yamato: Well, whatever. None of that matters if I win.
Touma: Please, name the game. Old Maid, perhaps?
Yamato: That'll take too long. We only have until the end of lunch.
Yamato: Let's settle on something more stylish. Hmm...
Yamato: How about poker?
Touma: I confess, I'm not really in the mood.
Touma: (Heaven knows what tricks you have prepared for any game you suggest.)
Yamato: (I knew he'd refuse my first suggestion, assuming that I had something up my sleeve.)
Yamato: All right. Then let's do something just as cool, but even faster.
Yamato: We'll both guess the value of the top card of the deck.
Yamato: Whoever guesses closer to the actual number wins, with wrap-around on the ace.
Touma: That would be wonderfully quick. I do enjoy the occasional game of pure chance.
Yamato: Then let's play. Using a fresh deck of cards, of course.
Touma: But of course. Jun, would you please fetch an unopened pack from the shelf?
Yamato: (That's a deck of trick cards I bought online.)
Yamato: (I stuffed it into the box of fresh decks ahead of time.)
Yamato: (If I cross my eyes, I'll be able to see a special image telling me what card it is.)
Yamato: (And you chose that deck yourself.)
Touma: ...On second thought, I think not.
Yamato: ...What do you mean?
Touma: Let us go purchase a brand new deck at the shop downstairs.
Yamato: Weren't we in a rush?
Touma: Given how simple the game is, I think we will manage.
Yamato: All right. (If I keep pressing the point, it might look suspicious.)
Touma: Jun, would you please do the honors?
Yamato: Miyako, go with him.
Touma: She can vouch that he did in fact purchase the deck at the shop.
Touma: (However, I have already wooed the woman who runs the shop. Every pack of cards there is a trick deck. Each card bears a subtle mark.)
Touma: (No matter the game, I cannot lose.)
Yamato: Hold on. If you're going that far, you might as well go all the way to the convenience store by the front gate.
Jun: Doesn't that strike you as excessive?
Yamato: I thought you said we'd manage, given how simple the game is.
Touma: I would think the store downstairs to be adequate.
Yamato: The old lady there's too easy to woo.
Touma: Heheheh. You are quite the cautious one. I would never go that far.
Yamato: Hahaha. I'm not doubting you, but I still want to make sure.
Yamato: (There's no way he could have set something up with the convenience store.)
Touma: (Then this truly will be a battle of pure luck... Well, that does have its pleasures.)
*The two returned, the pack of cards in hand.*
Miyako: I made sure he bought them at the convenience store.
Jun: As you can see, they're sealed.
Yamato: Let's check the cards too, just to make sure.
Touma: Please ensure that I can see as well.
*Touma carefully watched every movement of my fingers.*
Yamato: Don't worry. I wouldn't dream of marking them.
*I took out the cards and flipped them so Touma could see as well.*
Touma: There are two jokers. The cards are ordered ace through king, beginning with spades, then diamonds. It appears to be a normal deck. It'll be fine.
Yamato: Yeah, they look fine to me, too. So...
*I held half the deck in each hand...*
*...then, using my thumb, riffled the two piles together.*
Touma: You are quite the skilled shuffler. I could confuse you for a professional at a casino.
Yamato: Well, I'm decent at it... I'll do a few more, then...
Yamato: Okay, go ahead and cut it. (I presented him the shuffled deck.)
Touma: First... (He took several cards off the top of the deck.)
Touma: Then... (He placed those at the very bottom.)
Touma: Now, we are rather short on time. Shall we begin?
Ikurou: They're guessing the top card of the deck? Then it's totally pure luck.
Chika: He fought to keep it that way. That's like succeeding, I guess?
Suguru: It does guarantee him a fifty percent chance of victory.
Jun: Something about all this feels wrong. Don't lose.
Kokoro: You have no ability to beat Aoi-kun, not even in a game of chance.
Yamato: You think so? I'll bet king.
Touma: Then my choice will be the value furthest from it. Six.
Yamato: You flip the card, and let's find out who wins.
Touma: Then without further ado... (He revealed the card.)
* The king of diamonds.*
Kokoro: What? He guessed exactly right?!
Ikurou: Whoa! Awesome!
Yamato: I win.
Chika: You did it, Naocchi! That so makes up for your loss.
Touma: Splendidly done. The victory is yours.
Kokoro: Hold on! You must face off one last--
Yamato: That's the bell. We'll have to have round three some other time.
Touma: Jun, how many times did Naoe-san shuffle the cards?
Jun: Hmm... Eight or nine, I think?
Touma: Of course. Expertly done, Naoe-san.
Yamato: I wouldn't call myself an expert. A hobbyist, maybe. Still, I've been practicing it for years.
Touma: We simply must settle this some day.
Yamato: Yeah. Till then.
*By the time school let out, my reputation had fully recovered.*
Takuya: So you did cheat somehow.
Yamato: If you perfectly riffle shuffle the exact right number of times, the cards return to their starting order.
Yamato: Then all I have to do is keep track of where he cuts the deck.
Takuya: I see. I guess anything else would've been too good to be true, anyways.
Takuya: What would you have done if he agreed to play poker?
Yamato: I had a plan.
Takuya: Well, a win is a win. Nice going, Yamato.
Yamato: I still have a long ways to go. I don't want people chalking up my success to luck.
Yamato: So next time, rather than using petty tricks, I want to use my brain to pull off something truly huge.
Yamato: I'll be winning round 3, Aoi Touma!
*--Meanwhile, in 2-S.*
Touma: ...And now the cards are back in their original order.
Koyuki: Wow, I'm blown away.
Kokoro: How dare he have cheated!
Jun: Nah, we're the ones who let him get away with it. I never expected him to use such a top-tier technique.
Jun: Furthermore, if anyone challenges him, he's free to say it was simply luck.
Koyuki: You look super-duper happy, Touma.
Touma: I am. He's interesting, that one.
Touma: I would love to compete against him on a much bigger stage.
Touma: To face off in a match determined not by the nimbleness of one's fingers, but rather the nimbleness of one's mind!
Touma: Naoe-san, what I feel towards you is not entirely unlike love.
*And so the rivalry was born...*
*...between Yamato and Touma.*
*............*
*--In an empty classroom.*
Shouichi: Yo Baldie, was Touma all ticked over his loss to Yamato?
Jun: He actually fell in love with him, and called him his rival.
Shouichi: Wow, that guy can sure throw you for a loop sometimes.
Jun: Says the master of throwing people for loops.
*Six people in total had come to this classroom.*
History Teacher: Oh, you are all here, yes?
Lu: Hmm, six today?
History Teacher: There is but one issue on the agenda, no?
Lu: Then let the auction begin.
History Teacher: To begin, Maro will recite a poem of what needs to be done.
Lu: Go ahead, Mr. Ayanokouji.
History Teacher: The window shatters When the bat upon it strikes As does batter's heart
Lu: The pay is 200 premium meal tickets.
Shouichi: That's one big job you got there.
Jun: Good grief... But Yuki needs some way to kill time. 190!
Koppou Club Captain: YEAH! 180 TICKETS!
Archery Club Captain: 170 will I bid.
Jun: 165.
Archery Club Captain: 140 I offer next!
Koppou Club Captain: 120 TICKETS! WOW!
History Teacher: 120... There is no lower offer, yes?
Koppou Club Captain: I'M WINNER! JUST DO EET!
Shouichi: 90!
Koppou Club Captain: PARDON?
Shouichi: I said, 90.
Lu: 90. Are there any other bids? If not, Kazama wins the auction.
History Teacher: Maro shall henceforth provide you the details. All others are to leave!
Jun: Good grief. I wish you'd stop undercutting the fair market price.
*............*
*--Horinosoto. The neighborhood behind Kawakami Station.*
*It was an entertainment district famous nationwide that centered around its main boulevard, Oyafukou Street.*
Gakuto: So here's where they're sellin' that powerful drug I heard about yesterday.
Gakuto: I hadn't heard a word about it until yesterday...
Tadakatsu: Shimazu, what the fuck are you doin' here?
Gakuto: Gen? Right, your job's around here.
Gakuto: You heard anything about the weirdness goin' on around town?
Tadakatsu: I don't even get what you're askin'. Just go home.
Gakuto: I heard there's some hard drugs bein' sold out here.
Tadakatsu: ...Don't go stickin' your head into that shit.
Gakuto: I wanted to come see how safe it is here.
Gakuto: If it's obviously dangerous to walk here, I need to make very clear to Moro and everyone else not to come here.
Tadakatsu: That's what I should be tellin' you, dumbass.
Tadakatsu: Shit's been weird lately, now that you mention it.
Tadakatsu: Whatever new drug they've come up with ain't like anything I've seen before.
Gakuto: Yeah, there's somethin' up with that, c'mon.
Tadakatsu: You're outta your element. Get lost, for your sake.
Gakuto: That was always my plan.
Gakuto: ...Still, this place looks normal.
Tadakatsu: Get gone before you learn better.
Tadakatsu: If anyone jumps you 'cause you're too stupid to go, I ain't liftin' a finger to help.
Gakuto: ...There he goes, that foul-mouthed jerk.
Gakuto: Hm?
Young Lady: C'mon, pig. Let's move.
Elderly Man: Oink.
Gakuto: Whoa, y-you're beautiful!
Young Lady: Huh...?
Young Lady: What is it? Why are you staring at me?
Gakuto: Oh, uh, you're too beautiful to look away from. Hahaha.
Young Lady: ...Hmm. You're pretty buff.
Young Lady: You got a nice body. Ooh, I'm getting excited just looking at you.
Gakuto: R-Really? Then how about we go get coffee, or...
Gakuto: Oh, but you've already got a boyfriend.
Young Lady: A boyfriend? Him? Hahaha, he's just an ugly pig. Isn't that right, pig?
Elderly Man: Oink, oink.
Gakuto: Huh...? Wha?
Young Lady: Mmm. I'd love to make the blood ooze from those young muscles.
Young Lady: Come to my shop in a few years, and you can be my slave.
Gakuto: Sh-Shop? What kind of shop?
Young Lady: Heheheh. You have to pay if you want to play.
Young Lady: Let's go, pig.
Elderly Man: Oink.
Young Lady: See you around, tough guy.
Gakuto: That shop of hers sounds dangerous, but...
Gakuto: Man, what a beauty.
Gakuto: Hm? A text from Capt? He wants everyone to gather at school?
Gakuto: But why do we gotta go all the way back there, dammit?
*............*
Kazuko: I found Mayucchi. She was peeking in on the Kendo Club.
Miyako: I brought Chris. She was sharing tea with the Tea Ceremony Club.
Shouichi: Sweet, that's all nine of us!
Shouichi: Good news, everyone! Today, for the first time in forever, we'll be delivering on a request.
Momoyo: A request? Nice. I can save money on food.
Yukie: Um, what do you mean by a request?
Yamato: They're jobs, basically. A lot of the time, it's a club looking for extra people to participate in practice games.
Takuya: Though it usually turns out that they're trying to recruit Momo-senpai.
Gakuto: There are also ones for us guys, too. Once, they were lookin' for a pretend boyfriend. Heh hem.
Takuya: But Capt wound up fulfilling that request, not you.
Chris: In essence, then, you are handymen. Jacks of all trades.
Yamato: Well, I guess that's fair. However, we can only accept jobs that have something to do with the school.
Shouichi: We get paid in meal tickets. This time, it's ten premium tickets apiece.
Kazuko: Wow, that's big money! The request must be pretty big, too.
Shouichi: It's a hunting quest. We gotta find and punish whoever's been breakin' the windows.
Miyako: So that actually turned into a request.
Gakuto: Nice going, winnin' the bid.
Chris: What are you talking about?
Gakuto: There's lots of other people also doin' this jack-of-all-trades thing. So before you can take a request, you have to win an auction for it.
Yamato: The team with the winning bid is then responsible for completing the request.
Shouichi: You know how someone keeps breaking windows around school?
Momoyo: I've heard that it's never happened before in the school's history.
Shouichi: So our job's to hunt the culprits down, teach 'em a lesson, and bring 'em in.
Yamato: What's the security company doing?
Shouichi: Crazy enough, the officer said he almost caught the guy, but the perp's friends came and they got away. These guys ain't nothing to scoff at.
Shouichi: Here's what we know. There's three, maybe four of 'em, and they've got a getaway car. The security guard heard its engine.
Yamato: That's all the information we need. We should probably set up patrols starting tonight.
Shouichi: Yeah. By the way, the client's Mr. Beard.
Chris: Who is that?
Yamato: He's 2-S's homeroom teacher, Mr. Usami. He's got a beard, so yeah... It's not very creative, we know.
Shouichi: We're also free to arm ourselves with replica weapons from the classroom.
Kazuko: Yahoo! We can go all out!
Shouichi: The whole mess is too petty for the principal to get involved, so Beardy got told to do something about it. He didn't want to deal with it either...
Yamato: So the task fell to us? That's just like him.
*Teachers got free meal tickets as part of their benefits package, so the fee didn't even come out of his own wallet.*
Momoyo: Who cares who the client is, lil' bro.
*She patted my head, smiling.*
Momoyo: Heheheh. This will help a bit.
*Nee-san was the first to take her share of the pay.*
Gakuto: There could be danger. This sounds like a job for me!
Kazuko: You? Don't be silly, Gakuto. I'll do it.
Miyako: If anything, I'm worried Gakuto might get hurt.
*Neither Wanko nor Miyako hesitated to take their share.*
Takuya: I've never been a fighter, so I'll scout.
Yamato: Don't worry, Gakuto. If we all work together, you'll get out of the fight in one piece.
Shouichi: This'll be the new Kazama Family's debut.
*All four of us guys joined in.*
Gakuto: Man, why can't any of you understand my fatherly love?
Yukie: U-Um, err...
Yukie: I-If everyone is in, then so am I!
*Mayucchi followed our lead and took her own share.*
Shouichi: What about you, Chris? No pressure. You're free to say no.
Chris: I shall take part. Breaking windows is a grievous crime, and so it should be grievously punished.
Chris: However, I will not accept payment for this.
Chris: Good is obligated to punish evil.
Yamato: You're sure fired up. Did this trigger your sense of justice?
Momoyo: Do what you want. You want nothing, and that's your right, too.
Kazuko: Then we're in the clear to divvy up Chris's share.
Yamato: Chris, at least take one.
Yamato: Then we can all have lunch together.
Chris: I do not seek recompense for these deeds.
Miyako: ...Wow, look at you talking big.
Takuya: Now, now. Capt, can you start the strategy meeting?
Shouichi: Buildings A and B already got hit, so their next target's probably C.
Momoyo: I'll scan for their auras.
Shouichi: They've probably got bats, so we'll operate in two-man cells.
Shouichi: That's about it. Tactician Yamato, you got anything to add?
Yamato: I agree we should operate in pairs.
Yamato: I'd put Capt with Wanko, Chris with me, Mayucchi with Gakuto, and Momoyo-senpai with Moro.
Miyako: ...Yamato?
*When she realized I'd left her out, Miyako looked like the world had come to an end.*
Yamato: No, no, no, this is all part of the plan. What I want you to do is... *whisper*
Miyako: All right. Leave it to me.
Shouichi: Moro, you're in charge of relayin' information. Leave the fighting to Momo-senpai.
Takuya: You don't have to tell me that. I mean, I couldn't fight even if I wanted to.
Momoyo: I'll protect you, Mororo. Hahaha.
Takuya: I know you will, and as a man, that grates at me.
Shouichi: Let's go. We'll show them nobody trashes our school!
Yamato: Yeah. They've messed with the wrong place.
*Chris and Wanko equipped themselves with replica weapons.*
Shouichi: Still, it blows my mind how all five girls do martial arts.
Shouichi: We oughta call you the Mighty Morphin' Samurai Rangers.
Momoyo: I'd be the black one.
Kazuko: I'm red! I call red! Kuri, you're definitely yellow.
Takuya: Hold on! Miyako likes spicy stuff, like curry. So maybe she could be yell--
Kazuko: Could you not overthink it that much?
Chris: I confess I am lost, but does yellow represent justice?
Shouichi: All five are heroes.
Chris: Then color is irrelevant to me. Yellow is fine.
Miyako: I request blue, the color of quiet serenity.
Yukie: U-Um... I'm not really sure what this conversation's about, and...
Momoyo: Ah, Mayu-Mayu. Someone as soothing as you has to be green.
Gakuto: Dwahahahaha! I just realized how hilarious this is!
Momoyo: How so?
Gakuto: You're all girls, but pink suits none of you.
Gakuto: That's hilarious! Hahahahaha!
*It took less than three seconds for them to shut him up.*
*He crumpled, battered, to the floor.*
Yamato: (You have to keep that kind of thought to yourself. Rest in pieces.)
Momoyo: That was a perfect warm-up.
Momoyo: Right, let's show them what samurai can do!
*Nee-san smiled confidently.*
Kazuko: Yeah! Let's kick some butt!
*Wanko howled. Nothing could scare her.*
Yukie: I'll do my best!
*Mayucchi's cheer was more modest, but you'd be a fool to call it weak.*
Chris: I shall lay low the unrighteous culprits!
*A fire burned in her eyes, a fire that would roast the wicked.*
Miyako: Heheheh.
*And I had no idea what that one was thinking.*
*The girls strode forth majestically.*
*While we guys struggled not to disappear into their shadows.*
Shouichi: W-We're not gonna just sit here and play second fiddle, are we?
Shouichi: We guys gotta be just as awesome!
Takuya: Hmh...
Shouichi: ...Please clap!
Shouichi: C'mon, we gotta be up there with 'em!
Yamato: ...Sure.
Takuya: Yeah...
Gakuto: ... (He was still on the ground.)
*We were really pathetic.*
*--At night.*
*The targets staggered onto the school grounds.*
Slacker 1: Okay, time to bust some more windows!
Slacker 2: Keiji-kun, you wonderful, evil man!
Slacker 3: Smashing all these goodie two-shoes' windows feels awesome!
Slacker 1: It's the best way to blow off steam.
Bob: HUSTLE TIME!
Slacker 1: And even if anything does happen, we've got Bob on our side.
Slacker 2: If we get caught, you'll just bail us out again, am I right?
Bob: WILL DO!
Slacker 2: B-B-B-But today's gonna be the last time anyways, right, Keiji-kun?
Slacker 1: Yeah, time to go all out.
Slacker 3: Let's break every window from the first floor to the fourth.
Slacker 1: That's fucking huge, man. It'll make the news.
Bob: WE FAMOUS.
Slacker 1: Fuck yeah. Let's split up, smash some glass, and go home.
Momoyo: Four enemies detected... Nice, they've all split up onto different floors.
Takuya: You heard Momo-senpai. Go!
*Moro said over the phone.*
*And so each group set off to engage the enemy.*
*--Fourth floor.*
Bob: HMM HMMM HMMM GLASS BREAK TIME
Momoyo: I'm afraid the only thing breaking here is you.
Bob: YOU SEE ME?!
Momoyo: I'm Kawakami Momoyo, the girl of your nightmares.
Bob: PUNCHY TIME! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!
Momoyo: That's not how you punch. Now this, this is how you punch!
Bob: OH NO!
Momoyo: He was way too weak...
Takuya: You're just way too strong...
*--Third floor.*
Slacker 3: Wh-Who are you guys?
Gakuto: We're students here. Who do you think you are?
Slacker 3: B-Bob-kun! Bob-kun! I need help!
Gakuto: Yell all you want, but I think your friend's already takin' a nap.
Slacker 3: N-No way... Bob-kun's super strong.
Gakuto: Give yourself up before you make me mad.
Yukie: Um, can't we settle this peacefully?
Gakuto: Doesn't seem like it, not when we're up against him.
Slacker 3: Dammit! I don't wanna go to jail!
*He brandished the bat he'd brought to break the windows.*
Gakuto: See, he's lost it. Stay back, freshie.
Yukie: Ah?!
Slacker 3: Haaaaah!
Gakuto: Kaboom!
Slacker 3: Bwaaah!
Gakuto: Heh. Further proof that nothin' can withstand my shoulder tackle.
*Slacker 3's body somersaulted through the air.*
Gakuto: You'll need more than a bat to stop me... Wait, what?
Gakuto: How'd the bat get split in two?
Yukie: I was worried it would hurt you if it hit you, so--!
Gakuto: So you cut in half? But when?
Yukie: D-Did I steal your moment? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
Gakuto: Nah, I owe you for that.
Yukie: Whew. Th-Thank goodness... Ah, I helped.
Gakuto: Heh...
Yukie: Hm...?
Gakuto: Boo!
Yukie: Haauuu?!
Yukie: A-Awawa. I-I knew I must've done something wrong. B-But please, at least let me breathe.
Gakuto: How'd a scaredy-cat like you get that strong?
Yukie: U-Um, um, um, I'll try really hard to fix up any shortcomings. My teachers said on my report card that I'm a hard worker.
Matsukaze: I'll be tellin' her what's for too, so give it to her straight.
Gakuto: You're the one beatin' around the bush!
Yukie: Hawawawa!
*--Second floor.*
Slacker 2: All right, I'll do it. This ain't just about breaking windows. It's a wake-up call to our rotten society.
Shouichi: So you're the one who's damaged our school?
Slacker 2: Heh?!
Shouichi: There's no way I'm letting you go. Time to feel the same pain the building felt!
*Flying kick.*
Slacker 2: Agyah!
Shouichi: Man, you're light. You eating right?
Slacker 2: I-I gotta run--
Shouichi: There's no way out behind you, not with the bravest girl I know in the way.
Kazuko: I am Kawakami Kazuko, second daughter of the Kawakami Temple.
Kazuko: If you want to pass, you'll have to fight your way through!
Slacker 2: Aieee! Mercy, please!
Kazuko: Whoa! You're begging on your knees? Seriously? I wanted to fight.
Shouichi: That one shot made him lose the will to fight? My bad, Wanko. Water under the bridge?
Kazuko: Ohhh, and I was looking forward to this!
*--First floor.*
Yamato: Oh, Chris. Look, there's the culprit.
Slacker 1: The adults laugh at us, calling us the slacker generation, but by the time we're in charge, all them adults will be fucking old!
Slacker 1: I love this world! We can throw them all in some dinky home and never see 'em again!
Yamato: He's so busy making his speech that he hasn't noticed us. Perfect.
Yamato: I'll go ahead. You wrap around from behind and cut off his retreat.
Yamato: It'll be a classic pincer attack. He won't stand a chance.
Chris: He will break windows before I arrive.
Yamato: I'll talk to him and buy some time.
Chris: You make things too complicated. Besides, only a coward engages the enemy in a pincer.
Chris: I will face him with honor, from the fore.
Yamato: Hey, don't run off on your own. Calm down, mademoiselle.
*But she took off before I could stop her.*
Chris: Halt, ruffian!
Slacker 1: Huh?
Chris: My name is Christiane Friedrich!
Chris: That good may persevere, I shall lay low the tyrannical!
Chris: Here I come, intruder! No salvation will you find!
Chris: ...Huh?
*............*
Chris: Cursed fiend. How could he run? Does he have not an ounce of pride?
Yamato: That's why I kept saying we needed to cut off his escape route.
Slacker 1: Heheh. You lost me, but who cares! I'm gettin' outta here!
Slacker 1: I'm too clever to fight by myself!
Chris: I shall pursue him immediately.
Yamato: There's no need.
Slacker 1: Aw yeah! I'll get in the car and give 'em the slip!
Yamato: I already planned for this scenario.
Slacker 1: I'll leave the others for now!
Slacker 1: Huh? What was that sound?
Slacker 1: A-Ahhhh! There's an arrow in my tire! Somebody popped my tire!
Slacker 1: Wh-Who did it? Where's the archer?
Miyako: If anyone tried to flee, my orders were to shoot their car's tires.
Miyako: I did exactly as you commanded, Yamato.
Miyako: I can only hope this makes him like me even a little bit more. Heheh... So whispers my maidenly heart on this spring night.
Slacker 1: Shit, I gotta find a way outta here.
Kazuko: There he is! I found the runner! Hey, just give up already!
Slacker 1: Wh-Who are you?! Stay away from me!
*He whipped a knife out of his pocket and pointed it at Kazuko.*
Kazuko: What, do you want me to knock your knife away?
*She calmly knocked it out of his hands with her replica naginata.*
Slacker 1: Ah!
Kazuko: Thrust!!!
Slacker 1: Jesus!!!
*Hit in his stomach, the boy fell to his knees.*
Kazuko: Heh hem. I took out the enemy general!
Gakuto: Impressive!
Shouichi: This was too easy. I was hoping the request'd be trickier than this.
Slacker 2: P-Please let us go. Think of what a poor lot we've had in life.
Shouichi: Ain't happening. Keep giving us those puppy dog eyes, and we'll shave off your eyebrows.
Gakuto: Good, everyone's all right. All's well that ends well.
Takuya: I don't know if I'd say things ended well for those two.
Yamato: That's why I told you to swing behind him.
Chris: I never dreamed our enemy's spirits would be this frail.
Chris: With his weapon, I feared he would lash out at any threat, yet he instead proved a coward.
Yamato: You need to listen to me from now on.
Chris: You rely too heavily on your schemes.
Chris: Justice is on our side, so we must fight with honor.
Yamato: Say he got away. Then what?
Chris: I would pursue and apprehend him. He would not have escaped me.
Yamato: Oh really?
Miyako: There she goes again...
*We'd cleared the request, but things had only gotten worse between me and Chris.*
*It was an invigorating morning.*
Shouichi: C'mon, my merry companions. Let's move out!
Miyako: We're cutting it really close.
Yamato: Chris, Mayucchi, I've got gift for you two.
Yukie: Huh? A... A gift? For me?
Yamato: Here, take it. It just arrived this morning.
Chris: What is this?
Yamato: It's a cardboard box. Couldn't you tell?
Chris: I was referring to its contents!
Yamato: We really are out of time... Let's open them once we're back home.
*The two looked at each other, question marks above their heads.*
Yamato: Well, it's nothing much. Forget about it while you're at school.
*All nine of us headed to school together.*
Shouichi: Today's the Friday Meeting.
Miyako: Yay.
Gakuto: We gotta decide what to do over the long weekend.
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, Kuri, no one's explained to you about Friday Meetings, right?
Momoyo: Sis, take them to the base after school.
Kazuko: Aye, aye, sir.
Kazuko: By the way, what does 'aye, aye' stand for, anyways?
Gakuto: I am just the person to ask... Isn't it a kind of primate?
*The two were as airheaded as ever.*
Yukie: Hawawawah...
Chris: What is it, Mayucchi?
Yukie: Oh, no, it's just, I've never received a gift from anyone besides my relatives before, so...
Yukie: So Yamato-san was my first.
Momoyo: I can't believe you said that! Gakuto!
Gakuto: I've already got her, Momo-senpai. Now calm down, Miyako!
Miyako: You bitch!
Yukie: Huh? Wuh? Bwuh?
Takuya: You playboy.
Yamato: She was clearly using a figure of speech.
Miyako: I was pretending to be a new wife who snapped.
Chris: I cannot fathom what would cause such anger.
Momoyo: Miyako's just possessive of her man, getting pissed whenever a woman loses her first to him.
Chris: Her first?
Momoyo: Her first.
Chris: Huhhhh?!
*Her cheeks flashed scarlet.*
Takuya: You understand that metaphor, but not the other?
Kazuko: Maybe it'd be good training to handstand my way to school.
*Wanko immediately started doing just that.*
Gakuto: Even though you're wearin' shorts under your skirt, you still shouldn't do that.
*Everyone was full of energy today.*
*--During class.*
History Teacher: That is why Maro believes the Heian Period to be the pinnacle of high culture.
History Teacher: Maro's curriculum is 90% on the Heian Period, and 10% the rest of history. Do not forget, yes?
Miyako: ...That history teacher's teaching at the wrong school.
Yamato: You said it.
Chris: Class is in session. Do not chatter.
Yamato: Hey, Wanko. Don't sleep.
Kazuko: I'm awake. Heheheh. You didn't think I could, did you? Miyako, pat my head! Pat my head!
Miyako: That's normal. It's nothing to get excited about.
Kazuko: I-I know that, I just... I'm sorry.
Chris: Again, class is not the time for small talk!
History Teacher: Chris, be quiet! You are disrupting the class!
Chris: Y-Yes, sir. Apologies.
Yamato: You have to keep your voice down when telling us to keep our voices down. Heh heh heh.
Chris: Nngh!
History Teacher: Tell me! What was the name of Saigyo's magnum opus?
Chris: The Sankashu.
History Teacher: Oh? Then tell me one of his famous poems!
Chris: Even one who claims to no longer have a heart feels this sad beauty -- a snape flying up from a marsh on an evening in autumn.
History Teacher: Ohh!!!
Chris: I love Japan, so I studied very hard.
History Teacher: Splendid, yes!
Gakuto: She knows more about Japan than I do.
Suguru: Be at ease, for I surely know far more about the German military than that blonde possibly could. I am a fanatic after all. Hahaha!
Gakuto: Oh, so it's like that. That's a relief.
*--Lunch break.*
Yamato: Well, now that I've finished eating...
*What did I want to do next?*
Talk with Ogasawara-san and Class Rep
Go looking for Nee-san
Talk with Kazuko's group
Hang out in Class 2-S
Yamato: Heard anything interesting, Moro?
Takuya: Hmm, well... Do you know of the Three Itagaki Sisters?
Gakuto: Who're they? Characters from some game? Can you see their panties?
Takuya: You might've heard of where they're from. It's called reality. Anyways, they've apparently been running amok on Oyafukou Street.
Takuya: And they're so strong, people say even men can't hold a candle to them.
Gakuto: We're surrounded by powerful women of our own. I'm fed up with it.
Takuya: But they're supposed to be beautiful sisters.
Gakuto: Now that is interestin' info! Are they sexy?
Takuya: I heard all of this from people in other classes during my elective.
Gakuto: ...Still, Oyafukou Street's dangerous.
Gakuto: Guys, none of you had better be lured there by this rumor.
Takuya: I should be telling you that. I'd never go there.
Yamato: I have heard about people causing problems lately, but...
*Maybe society was falling apart.*
*I wondered what Nee-san was doing during lunch.*
*If she was following her normal pattern, she'd be on the roof today.*
Momoyo Fan 1: Here you go, Momo-senpai. Totally say 'ahh'.
Momoyo: Ahh
Momoyo Fan 1: Isn't the fried shrimp, like, so good?
Momoyo: *om nom nom* Yeah, even the tail's fantastic.
*She was sitting on a bench as her fangirls shared their lunches with her.*
*This happened all the time.*
Momoyo Fan 2: Senpai, you need to try my potato croquette, too.
Momoyo: Sure, I'd love to. Ahh.
Momoyo Fan 5: Aww, she opened her mouth!
Momoyo Fan 6: I want to give Momo-senpai food too!
Momoyo Fan 2: Okay, here you go.
Momoyo: *om nom nom*
Momoyo Fan 9: Y-You're eating it! You're actually eating it! Senpai, this is the best day of my life!
Yamato: I feel like I'm watching something at the zoo...
Momoyo: Yo, lil' bro. What's up? C'mon, take a seat next to me.
Momoyo Fan 10: *Glare!*
Yamato: Judging by those looks, I don't know if I'd make it there in one piece.
Momoyo: You're bothered by that? And you call yourself my bro. You idiot.
Yamato: So Nee-san, I take it you turned your share of the meal tickets into...
Momoyo: Yeah, I cashed out. Well, money's better anyways.
Yamato: As I thought.
Momoyo: Still, all of my challengers lately have been so boring.
Momoyo Fan 1: Yeah, you've totally been like One Punch Woman out there.
Momoyo Fan 2: Senpai, do you, like, know about the Three Itagaki Sisters?
Momoyo: Itagaki? No, never heard of them.
Momoyo Fan 2: They're, like, delinquents. Lately, they've been starting fights around Horinosoto.
Momoyo: Hmm. And they're strong?
Momoyo Fan 2: Rumor says they're, like, strong and merciless to boot.
Momoyo: I probably shouldn't expect much from local thugs, though.
*Itagaki... That was a name I hadn't heard before.*
Momoyo Fan 6: Here, Momo-senpai. I brought you fried chicken. Say 'ahh'!
Momoyo: Vegetables would be nice for next.
Momoyo Fan 6: Then here, have this.
*She was one manly woman, in so many ways...*
*Anyway... The Three Itagaki Sisters, eh? I'd have to keep that name in mind.*
Yamato: Oi, Wanko.
Kazuko: I'm focusing...
Yamato: As part of your training? Good to hear that. So Miyako.
Miyako: I'm fantasizing... about you, Yamato.
Yamato: Really?
Miyako: Ahn. Don't start with the eggplant! It's too big!
Yamato: What's going through your head? You're in school.
Chika: Hey, hey. So Naocchi, have you heard of the Three Itagaki Sisters?
Yamato: Nope. Are they celebrities?
Chika: So I hear they're punks running amok in town.
Chika: They're supposed to be both crazy pretty and pretty crazy. The type you want to keep your distance from.
Yamato: Really? Well, I spend plenty of time around strong girls.
*I pointed at the close-eyed Wanko and Miyako.*
Chika: Ahahaha, I guess you're right. You more than most.
*...Regardless, if they were dangerous, I should make a note of them.*
*Making new acquaintances was nice and all, but us and 2-S were always at each other's throats.*
*This wasn't going to be easy. I arrived at their classroom when...*
Hideo: Oh, if it is not the commoner Yamato! We fear We are presently occupied.
Yamato: Eh, I'm not really here to talk to you.
Hideo: We shall spare a bit of time for you. May Our generosity move you to tears! Mwahaha!
*He never listened to me.*
Azumi: Hideo-sama, shouldn't you mention--
Hideo: Yes, discussing that posthaste would be prudent.
Hideo: Keep in mind, commoner, that individuals of ill repute have lately been causing trouble out towards Horinosoto.
Azumi: If you hear someone mention the Three Itagaki Sisters, please try to stay away
Yamato: Huh? So they're dangerous?
Azumi: I think they live in a different world from normal people.
Azumi: Don't forget, only a fool rushes into danger
Hideo: We would have your word, commoner, that you would convey this warning to Kazuko-dono.
Hideo: When out running, she must not even by mistake tread upon those perilous grounds.
Yamato: ...Thank you for taking the time to tell me this.
Hideo: We seek simply the steady progression of Kazuko-dono towards her dream. Mwahahaha!
*He was still madly in love with her.*
*What had he called them? The Three Itagaki Sisters? I'd have to remember their name.*
*--After school.*
Shouichi: Hm hm hmm
Yamato: You're in a good mood. Looking forward to working at the sushi place?
Shouichi: Check this out. Tada! It's tons of lottery tickets!
Yamato: Yeah, that's an incredible number.
Shouichi: I'm gonna go use them all up. I'm bound to win something.
Yamato: What's the first place prize?
Shouichi: Um, it says you'll be presented a colossal bust of the mayor.
Yamato: Nobody in the world would want that.
Yamato: Need any help?
Shouichi: No way! I wanna spin the wheel myself!
*With that, he ran off.*
*Capt never was one to be ambiguous when saying no.*
Yamato: His luck is incredible, so maybe he'll actually win first prize.
*Well, I still had some time until the Friday Meeting...*
*It was nice out today, so I decided to lay on the grass.*
*As I texted people I know, I started to feel drowsy.*
*...The spring sun felt so nice and warm.*
Yamato: Hmm... Zzz...
Yamato: ...Oh, I fell asleep. It's afternoon already.
Yamato: I should head over to the base... Wait, what?
???: Zzz... Zzz...
*An unfamiliar woman was sleeping next to me.*
Yamato: Who is she? She wasn't there before I fell asleep.
Young Woman: Zzz... Mm... Mmmn... Mn.
Yamato: Oh, you're awake.
Young Woman: Hi.
*She rubbed her eyes as she greeted me.*
Young Woman: You looked like you were sleeping so peacefully.
Young Woman: So I laid down next to you. Ahaha.
Young Woman: Isn't this the best place for naps?
*I'd never met her before, but she still patted my head like we were old friends.*
Yamato: Um, okay...?
*She was like a defanged version of Nee-san.*
Young Woman: Zzz...
Yamato: Wait, you're back to sleep?
*I tried to leave.*
Young Woman: This place is nice.
Young Woman: You wouldn't mind if I slept here sometimes, would you?
Yamato: You're awake now? Listen, where we are is--
Young Woman: Zzz...
Yamato: Huh? You're asleep?
Young Woman: I'm sorry, real sorry. I love sleeping. After my family, it's my favorite thing.
Yamato: As I was saying, I don't own this knoll or anything.
Yamato: So you should be free to sleep here.
Young Woman: Oh, right.
Young Woman: Then I'm going to sleep a little bit longer. Zzz...
Yamato: Spring brings forth all sorts of new people...
*I was impressed.*
Yamato: Well, I should start heading to the Friday Meeting.
*The May wind felt pleasantly cool.*
*Everyone but Capt was already there.*
Yukie: Wow! What a wonderful view.
Gakuto: Right? Umm, that industrial area you see in front of you is, err...
Yamato: It's the seaside industrial zone, the heart of the Pacific Ocean industrial belt.
Gakuto: Yeah, that's it. Oh, and Yamato, you're here.
Yamato: Yeah. You're showing Mayucchi around?
Gakuto: I don't know why, but she keeps askin' me so many questions.
Yamato: You're popular. It's finally springtime for Gakuto.
Gakuto: Springtime, eh? Then the world's taken a turn for the better.
Yamato: Later generations will call this era the Dark Chronicles.
Gakuto: Huh? Well, as someone with no interest in girls younger than me, I don't care what they call it.
Yamato: You're actually decent today. You almost seem normal.
Gakuto: You're sayin' I normally look weird to you?!
Yukie: Whoa! It takes courage to look down from here.
Matsukaze: Fall from this high, girl, and you're toast. It's some real tough shit.
Gakuto: Don't lean out too much. That rail's old and could break.
Yukie: Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to make you worry!
Yukie: I shouldn't have gotten so excited!
*Mayucchi bobbed her head in apology.*
Gakuto: Whew. I'm goin' back to the room. Tag in with me, Yamato.
*But where, I asked myself, should I tag him?*
Tag Gakuto
Tag Gakuto on his manly chest
Tag Mayucchi
*All I had to do was simply tag his hand.*
Yamato: Okay, I'll take over.
*Simple as that.*
*What was going on? It was like my hand had a mind of its own.*
Yamato: Okay... Tag.
*I laid my hand on Gakuto's chest.*
Gakuto: That's disgusting!
Yamato: You're exactly right.
*I should probably not do anything that weird ever again.*
Yamato: I'll tag Mayucchi!
Yukie: Wah?!
*She jumped at the sudden touch of my hand on hers.*
Yamato: Hmm. I only touched your hand. I'm surprised you reacted so strongly.
*Gakuto went back to the room (our base).*
Yukie: Did I... offend Gakuto-san?
Yamato: Don't overthink it.
Yukie: Okay! I-I'm sorry! I won't!
Yamato: Hmm... (I should change the subject.)
Yamato: You talk with Gakuto a lot, don't you?
Yukie: Yes. He reminds me a bit of my father.
*A plain and simple reason.*
*Mayucchi still hadn't calmed down, so I let the conversation lull for a moment.*
*We gazed idly into the distance.*
Yukie: ...It's a beautiful vermillion sky. This is a wonderful place you have here.
Yamato: Nee-san--I mean, Momo-senpai likes it too. She always says that, up here, she feels closer to the sky than on the school's rooftop.
*The sky was bathed in a burning crimson hue.*
*A sunset so beautiful that it felt like it could pull you into it.*
Yukie: Hahh...
Yamato: You're homesick, Mayucchi?
Yukie: Ah! Amazing... How did you know?
Yamato: You did mention your family earlier.
Yukie: I couldn't help but think of him. Ahaha.
Yamato: Sunsets always put me in that kind of mood, too.
Yamato: The best cure for heartache is chatting with friends. Let's go back downstairs.
Yukie: Yes!
*She energetically replied.*
*At the base, Chris was being given a tour.*
Yamato: Oh, I see you're getting a warm welcome, Chris.
Yukie: Everyone is getting along so well.
Takuya: So we have board games here, like go and shogi.
Chris: Amazing. This place has everything.
Momoyo: That's because we've all brought stuff here. You should do it too, Kuri.
Momoyo: Popcorn's the one thing we always have available, more than you could ever eat.
Cookie: And for a limited time, I'll even throw in a show on how I make the popcorn!
Chris: Ah, so Cookie makes the popcorn. I see. Thank you for the offer.
Chris: ...Would this be the manga shelf?
Takuya: Everyone's brought their favorites, so everything on there is good. Feel free to borrow them, too.
Kazuko: Have you read Rocky Joe? Or Shoot for the Ace? They're super exciting.
Momoyo: Most of the sports ones are Wanko's, if you couldn't guess.
Gakuto: If you need electricity, Cookie has outlets in him.
Gakuto: Like this, see? And now I'm charging.
Cookie: Haha... Quit it! Ah, not so sudden! You need to use better manners!
Takuya: We've got portable video games around, too.
Takuya: They're the games I've gotten hooked on, so I guarantee they're fun. I also have some silly ones stored away.
Kazuko: I'm not good at games, but the hunting one's fun.
Chris: Hmm.
Chris: ...And?
Takuya: Huh?
Chris: What purpose does this place have?
Kazuko: Hm?
Chris: If you want to have fun, you could do it at home.
Chris: What is the point of meeting up here anyway?
Chris: It all seems very counterproductive.
Yamato: That's enough, Chris.
Chris: I am simply giving my honest opinion.
Chris: This abandoned building should have been torn down years ago.
Miyako: Hey Chris, go fuck yourself.
Chris: Ah?!
Miyako: You don't...
Miyako:  You don't have any right to say that!
Yamato: Miyako! Stop!
*Before the words were even out of my mouth, Nee-san had grabbed hold of Miyako.*
*If she'd been a heartbeat later, Miyako would've thrown herself at Chris.*
Miyako: You have no clue what this place, this room means to us!
Chris: Huh? What?
*Chris was taken aback. She'd never seen Miyako angry before, let alone like this.*
Miyako: This is why I didn't want you to join!
Miyako: You come into our base and tell us it should be torn down? Who do you think you are?!
Chris: M-Miyako, slow down. I do not understand wh--
Miyako: Go! You're no friend of o--
Yamato: Miyako!
*I held Miyako.*
Yamato: Calm down.
Miyako: But Yamato... You heard her! She ridiculed our base!
Miyako: She called it nothing! We can't let her do that! I can't let her do that!
Momoyo: Hold her tighter.
Yamato: I know... Miyako, it's all right.
Miyako: Ooh... Oooh... Oooooooooh.
*No one made so much as a peep.*
*Only Miyako's sobs interrupted the silence.*
Chris: Wh-What happened? Why were you so offended?
Chris: All I did was speak the truth.
Takuya: So you still think you were right.
Chris: Y-Yes.
Takuya: Then this is good-bye.
Chris: Huh?
Takuya: I guess we weren't meant to be friends. That's too bad.
Takuya: But I'll still talk to you in school.
Takuya: You can go back to the dorm now. Take care.
Yamato: (Shoot. Even Moro's snapped.)
Yukie: Huh...? Uh, umm... Huh? E-Err...
*Mayucchi was completely unable to cope.*
*She simply panicked, unable to do anything.*
Chris: You must tell me why! I cannot accept this!
*Chris looked around.*
Gakuto: Uhhh... What's the right word? Hmm.
Momoyo: Let me help you out. Kuri, you're being a jerk.
Chris: Huh...?
Momoyo: This place might be meaningless and counterproductive in your book...
Momoyo: There is no special logic behind it. We come here because we like it here.
Momoyo: We won't stop no matter who tells us otherwise.
Chris: I just...
Yamato: Let it go, Chris. You're in the wrong here.
Chris: Wrong? Me? Are you implying I am the bad one?!
*That word finally caused Chris to react.*
Yamato: Yeah. Can't you take a hint?
Chris: I am absolutely not the evildoer here!
Chris: Certainly that is my view, but I am sure others would agree with me!
Chris: I have no idea what I did wrong!
Yamato: Chris, you're... You're just too stubborn.
Chris: What...?
Yamato: This is a good chance to learn from your mistakes.
Chris: You have no right to lecture me.
Chris: Maybe you should take this chance to learn from me. Your own actions are atrocious. You call them strategies so they sound nice...
Chris: ...but you are simply a sneaky cheater.
*Chris stabbed her finger at me.*
Yamato: Yeah. I'm sneaky, and sly, and dastardly.
Chris: Wha?!
Yamato: I wear those 'insults' as badges of honor.
Yamato: Winning is everything to me.
Chris: Despicable. You do not even deny it.
Momoyo: Kuri, Yamato comes up with those strategies to keep his friends from getting hurt.
Momoyo: Well, it's certainly fair to say he's cheap as a general rule.
Chris: He does it for his friends? That makes absolutely no sense.
Yukie: Um... I know I probably shouldn't be saying anything...
Yukie: B-But, could you please, um, calm down and, well...
Momoyo: Hey, Mayu-Mayu. I'm about to blow my lid at you, too.
Yukie: Huh?!
Momoyo: Feeling overwhelmed 'cause you're the youngest one here is one thing.
Momoyo: But I can't stand seeing you shoot yourself down.
Gakuto: You said it. You don't got a clue what Capt meant back then, do you?
Gakuto: I realized the same thing -- you care too much about what other people think.
Gakuto: Too much of that, and you'll drive even me crazy.
Yukie: I-I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!
Chris: ...None of what you said makes any sense.
Yamato: What exactly couldn't you get, idiot?
Chris: I-Idiot? Me?!
Yamato: Name something that's important to you.
Chris: As in...?
Yamato: Something, anything, it doesn't matter. Maybe something physical.
Chris: ...Perhaps the stuffed animal my father gave me.
Yamato: Stuffed animals seem stupid to me.
Yamato: All they do is take up space. Why not throw them away?
Chris: You!!!
*She stomped towards me, ready to fight.*
*But I stood my ground and glared back.*
Yamato: All I did was mimic how you're acting, idiot!
Chris: What?
Yamato: What that stuffed animal is to you is what this place is to us.
Yamato: Everyone has their own things that are special to them, things that no one else has the right to insult.
Chris: --!
*Well, there were certain exceptions, like if your favorite thing to do was murder.*
*But Chris was too mature to come up with such a childish comeback as that.*
Gakuto: That's exactly what I wanted to say.
Chris: ...I see.
Chris: I did not realize how important this place was to you.
Chris: If I caused you to feel even half the anger I just felt, then my comment must have been truly out of line.
Chris: Shiina Miyako, and everyone else, I sincerely apologize.
*She bowed her head deeply.*
Yukie: U-Umm... I'm sorry, too!
Yukie: There is still so much I have to learn!
Yukie: B-But even so! Even so, I want to stay with you all!!!
*Mayucchi clearly voiced her opinion.*
Chris: As do I... I swear I will never again make such an utterance.
Chris: I hope you will allow me to stay here.
Shouichi: Yo!!! Guys, guys, guys, listen up! Guess who's got all the luck? This guy! I kept playin' that lottery and kept winning all the best prizes!
Shouichi: Plus, I brought the leftover sushi. Enjoy the pickings and tell me how great I am! Though I hope you like egg 'cause that's all I got.
Shouichi: ...Wait, huh? What happened here?
Shouichi: No fair, Yamato! Save the adolescent awkwardness for when I'm here!
Yamato: C-Calm down! I'll explain everything! You see...
*Capt had come at just the right time.*
Shouichi: Hmm, okay.
Shouichi: Wait, then you've already taken care of everything.
Shouichi: Chris and Mayucchi apologized, so that's that.
Yamato: Yea, that's true.
Shouichi: Well, it can't always be smooth sailing. You're gonna have a bad time or two.
Momoyo: Going easy on them, Capt? I agree.
Shouichi: Cheer up, Miyako. Okay?
Miyako: ...Hmph.
Shouichi: Ahh... She's sulking. Yamato, you take care of her.
Yamato: Sure...
Shouichi: So anyways, guys, anyone else down for getting out of this funk by going on a trip over the long weekend?
Kazuko: A trip? Where?!
Gakuto: That came out of nowhere.
Kazuko: So you know, I was going to say something to Kuri earlier...
Kazuko: ...but Yamato-kun from the house of Naoe used eye contact to signal me not to.
Yamato: I was worried things might get even messier.
Takuya: What's this trip you mentioned, Capt?
Shouichi: Heheh. I won it big at the shopping district's lottery.
Shouichi: Tada! Free tickets for a two-night stay in Hakone!
Gakuto: Wh-What?! You won that?!
Takuya: What place was that prize?
Shouichi: Second. And all my other tickets only won tissues, so that bites.
Yamato: Uh, I think you won enough.
Kazuko: Seriously. You must have a guardian spirit looking out for you.
Momoyo: That's enough talking about ghosts, Wanko.
Momoyo: More importantly, a two-night getaway? I'd be down for it. Especially since it's free.
Takuya: Hakone's nearby, so that's convenient.
Yamato: When's the trip?
Shouichi: The third through the fifth. Tomorrow we pack, and the day after we set out.
Kazuko: I'll get to run through the mountains. That's going to be great training.
Shouichi: None of you screwed up and booked anything over the weekend, right?
Yamato: Nope. I don't have work or anything.
Momoyo: No problems here. This vacation is going to be great.
Shouichi: Chris, Miyako, you're good, right? Heck, you gotta come.
Yamato: You're invited too, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Okay, I would love to!
Chris: The Hakone hot springs are famous. I cannot wait to experience them.
Yamato: Miyako, you are coming, right?
Miyako: Mn-hm... *nod*
Shouichi: Sweet, then we're all on board! Let's get this party started!
*Capt laid out the leftover sushi.*
Shouichi: And I've got so much, it's gonna be a real bona fide party!
Gakuto: Whoa, you weren't kidding! It's all egg!
Yamato: Why so much egg sushi today?
Shouichi: Ending up with tons of one type happens all the time. C'mon, let's eat!
Momoyo: There are also omelets. *om nom nom*
Kazuko: I love eggs. They're so nutritious. *om nom nom*
*The Kawakami sisters were eating as fast as they could stuff food in their mouths.*
Miyako: ... (She picked away at the food.)
Yamato: Ah, geez. C'mon, Miyako, don't be like that. Say 'ahh'.
Miyako: Ohh!
Miyako: Ahh.
*I fed her the egg.*
Yamato: Feeling better now?
Miyako: I will if you keep feeding me.
Yamato: I'll take that as a yes.
Miyako: You meanie.
Takuya: Ooh... I ate so many eggs, I might start making eggcelent puns.
Shouichi: Keep at it, guys!
Takuya: You eat too, Capt! Why are you waiting in the wings?
Shouichi: I had a few bites back at the store. Hahaha.
Chris: Mmm, this is delicious.
Yukie: Yes, it is!
*Those two were steadily eating away.*
Chris: Both of us were scolded today.
Yukie: Yes. Let's endeavor not to have that happen again.
*In fact, they'd bonded over today's events.*
Yukie: ...Huh?
Yukie: Is this a photo from when you all were little?
Shouichi: Yeah. That's all seven of us.
Chris: I can recognize all of you.
Yukie: That's a very tall flower.
Kazuko: Heh hem. It's an agave.
Chris: You know the name, Dog? Then this flower must be awfully important to you.
Yamato: You see...
*We had used that empty field as our secret base.*
*Decently big, it had been the perfect place for us to hang out.*
*'Us' being everyone but Miyako, who had yet to join our group. That left six of us.*
*Capt, Wanko, Gakuto, Moro, Nee-san, and me.*
Shouichi: The earthen pipes add a nice flavor to our turf!
Kazuko: And best of all, it's huge!
Takuya: But that's all there is to it.
Gakuto: That's enough.
*The lot had been nice enough, but there hadn't been anything special about it.*
*Until one day, in the middle of our field...*
Shouichi: Hey, what's going on? When'd this plant get so huge?
Kazuko: Oh, now that you mention it...
Shouichi: It used to be only two meters tall, but look at it now.
Takuya: It's maybe three meters now. It's growing.
Kazuko: Isn't that because it's summer?
Kazuko: I mean, I'm growing too.
Gakuto: Haha, really? You still look tiny to me!
Kazuko: No, you're just getting too big!
Takuya: Remember when Wanko couldn't even talk back?
Momoyo: She became my pupil. I had to teach her the important stuff.
Kazuko: Yeah. I'm going to be strong.
Momoyo: Good girl, that's the spirit. *pat pat*
Takuya: Well, let's just assume it entered its growth spurt.
Gakuto: I, too, will one day grow to tremendous heights.
*--Two months later, in August.*
Takuya: Whoa, hey! It's already reached over five meters in height!
Gakuto: Maybe it's actually some weird creature. One day, Wanko's gonna go missing, and the plant'll become one Wanko taller.
Kazuko: Don't scare me!
Shouichi: One day, Gakuto, you're gonna go missing. And then when the plant blooms, there'll be your face!
Kazuko: Eeek! That's disgusting!!!
*Wanko tossed and turned.*
Momoyo: Mmngh... No, I'm fine. No monster's scary so long as I can punch it.
Yamato: Oh, Nee-san, are you scared of ghosts?
Momoyo: Hmph. Shut up. I'm... mostly fine.
Yamato: Well, you're right that punches won't work, not against something like that.
Momoyo: I'd rather have missiles shot at me.
Takuya: Uh, that seems a little crazy.
Mrs. Shimazu: Hey, Gakuto! Your teacher just called to say you haven't been doing your homework!
Yamato: Oh, it's Gakuto's mom. Nice timing. Let's ask her.
*--A few minutes of explanation later.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, it's... You know. An agave?
Takuya: I've never heard of that plant before.
Mrs. Shimazu: Wouldn't expect you to. To think such a rare plant bloomed in a field like this...
Yamato: Oh, so this is the century plant. The legendary fauna for which wars have been waged. (At the time, I was knee-deep in my nihilist phase.)
Gakuto: Whoa, that sounds like the name of a manga villain.
Yamato: The plant only blooms once every few decades, the frequency varying based on the climate.
Mrs. Shimazu: You sure you're still in elementary school, Yamato-chan?
Yamato: Heheh. If I weren't, right about now you'd be in my bed.
Mrs. Shimazu: Kid, you're going to grow up to be either a criminal or a comic.
Mrs. Shimazu: Anyway, Momoyo-chan, wouldn't your grandfather know the most about it?
Momoyo: Then I'll call him. Haaa...
*Nee-san took a deep breath.*
*All of us reflexively covered our ears.*
Momoyo: Ya senile from sniffin' bloomers, Gramps???!!!
Tesshin: Momo! You have some nerve!
Takuya: He's here already! What's up with your family...
*--A few minutes of explanation later.*
Tesshin: I see. And yes, this is indeed an agave.
Tesshin: Must've been fifty years ago, the last time one bloomed.
Momoyo: Fifty years? Whoa... There's tons of people who don't even live to see fifty.
Tesshin: I heard agaves grow their offshoots before they die, which is soon after they bloom. This flower must be that one's child, though I can't tell for sure.
Momoyo: You can't?
Tesshin: There are many varieties of agave, and many individual variations. It's hard to know which one this is, and each type blossoms at a different time.
Tesshin: Well, I'd expect its yellow flowers to blossom come the day after tomorrow.
Tesshin: Oh, I almost forgot. I was playing shogi with Lu.
*No sooner had he finished speaking than he vanished from sight.*
Kazuko: Its flowering is just two days away? You're excited too, right? Tell me you're excited too!
Momoyo: I guess I am. It's going to be a cool event.
Takuya: Let's all take a picture together.
Shouichi: Gakuto can be the one to take it.
Gakuto: But how will you handle my absence from the picture?
Kazuko: Ahaha. You'll be like the kid missing from the class photo.
Gakuto: That role seems perfect for someone who likes to joke. Like Capt.
Shouichi: Can't say it's not tempting. Huh...?
Takuya: You're actually considering it?
Yamato: Heh heh. Each and every one of you behaves like a child. Well, it could be worse.
Miyako: Ah...
Shouichi: Hey, I see you're watching us again.
Miyako: ...Oh, u-um...
Shouichi: Hm? What's up? Look me in the eyes, up here.
Miyako: ...Can I...
Yamato: What's up, Capt? Why run all the way to the entrance?
Miyako: Ah!
Shouichi: Oh, hey. What, you're leaving?
Yamato: What was that about?
Shouichi: No clue. I think she wants to talk to me.
Yamato: Whoa. Miyako couldn't have fallen in love with you, could she?
Shouichi: Pfft! Don't screw around! There's no way!
Yamato: Haha, I'm joking. Nobody wants the Shiina Virus.
Shouichi: Nah, that's got nothing to do with it. Girls are yucky.
Yamato: Hmph. You truly are a child, Capt.
Shouichi: Can't you stop talking like someone out of an anime?
*And then, the night before the flower finally bloomed...*
*...a deadly typhoon made landfall in Kanto.*
*Capt called us all together.*
Shouichi: We gotta keep the flower safe, or it'll never bloom!
Yamato: ...In this storm?! You're crazy!
Yamato: C'mon, people cultivate agaves!
Yamato: Even if this one dies, there'll always be more.
Shouichi: That flower's special. You can't just substitute it for another.
Shouichi: I want us all to see it bloom right in the middle of the field!
Kazuko: Me too!
Yamato: I get that, I do, but it's still too dangerous.
Yamato: But if it's going to be this way, then we'll be counting on you, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah. I'll protect everyone, no matter what.
Yamato: That's really reassuring.
Momoyo: That's a big sister's job. Leave it to me.
*We took a rope and tied Kazuko and Moro to Nee-san so they wouldn't be blown away.*
*A gust of wind knocked lumber from the housing project towards us.*
*But Nee-san easily smacked it down.*
Momoyo: I have five people to protect, and threats could come at me from any direction. Toss in the threat from the wind, and... Heh. Heheheh.
Momoyo: Hahaha! Ahahahaha!
*Despite how tense things were, Nee-san still burst into laughter.*
*We slowly, collectively trudged our way to the field... to find someone else had made it there first.*
Miyako: ...Ah.
Shouichi: Miyako? That you, Miyako?!
*She was huddling in the shadow of the earthen pipe.*
Yamato: Why are you out here at a time like this?!
Miyako: Y-You all said you wanted to see it b-bloom.
Miyako: But the storm came, so...
Shouichi: You heard all that?
Gakuto: This has nothin' to do with you. It's not safe here. Go home!
Yamato: Heck, I'm impressed you didn't hurt yourself out here.
Miyako: B-But I...
Shouichi: Okay, help us! The more the merrier.
Shouichi: 'Sides, it'd be more dangerous to send you home by yourself.
Gakuto: Guess you're right.
Yamato: Nee-san, can you keep one more person safe?
Momoyo: Did you forget? I'm Kawakami Momoyo.
*No worries there, then.*
*We covered the plant in sheets to protect it from the wind.*
*We couldn't have done it without my physically-gifted sister.*
*It wasn't long before the work was finished.*
Shouichi: Sweet. Let's take Miyako and Wanko home first.
*We dropped them off, then the others, until finally Nee-san and I were the only two left.*
Momoyo: Go take a bath and then straight to bed.
Yamato: You should stay here until the storm ends.
Momoyo: I'm fine. I can make it back to the temple by myself.
Yamato: But--
Momoyo: But it's dangerous? Danger is my middle name. I love the thrill.
*Her smile made me feel not reassured, but rather strangely worried that I might never see her again.*
*When my parents later learned what we'd done, they were furious. I thought they were going to ground me for life.*
*Considering several people did die in the storm, I probably would've deserved it.*
*--The next day. The flower was in full golden bloom.*
Kazuko: Wow, oh wow! And this only happens once every fifty years?
*Wanko couldn't believe what she was seeing from her perch on Gakuto's shoulders.*
Gakuto: Hey, hey! Sit still up there, you little pipsqueak. Sheesh.
*Everyone, Gakuto included, had a soft spot for Wanko.*
Momoyo: To be honest... for all the waiting, it's a bit underwhelming.
Yamato: I thought so, too.
Momoyo: Well, you still have to appreciate something that only happens once every fifty years.
Kazuko: When I touch it, it feels like a normal plant.
Takuya: Don't touch it too much. You might get a rash.
Kazuko: Wawaw! Really?!
Gakuto: Hey! Don't try to rub it off on my hand!
Shouichi: We kept this flower safe! It never would've survived without our help, and I want nobody thinking otherwise!
Takuya: That's a pretty stuck-up thing to say, but that does seem more fun.
Mrs. Shimazu: Sheesh, you're thick as thieves.
Mrs. Shimazu: Come on. You want a photo, right? I'll take it.
Shouichi: Sweet! Gather up, guys! Time for a photo!
*Everyone came together.*
Shouichi: Ah!
Shouichi: You join in, too!
Miyako: Oh?!
*Miyako stood at the entrance to the empty lot.*
Miyako: U-Uhh...
*But she stayed there, shifting about uneasily.*
Shouichi: Yamato, I get the feeling she's scared of you.
Shouichi: You go get her.
Yamato: Seriously?
Shouichi: Seriously.
Yamato: ...Well, she fought for the flower, too.
*She probably wanted to join our group.*
Yamato: The flower's in full bloom.
Yamato: We're taking a picture. Come join us!
Miyako: ...U-Umm...
*She didn't seem to know what to say.*
Yamato: You don't hate the idea, right? So come.
*I grabbed her hand and pulled her along.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, I haven't seen you around before. Okay, time for the picture!
Mrs. Shimazu: Say 'cheese'!
*Afterwards, as we were watching the flower, I started up a conversation.*
Yamato: This agave's yellower than the one in the reference book.
Shouichi: Yeah, it's like some sorta strange mutant agave.
*I could almost feel the unblemished yellow petals burning an image into my mind.*
*The flower itself had an odd shape to it, but its color was gorgeous.*
Kazuko: Hey, would we have to wait fifty years to see this flower again.
Momoyo: Yeah. We'd all be around 60 years old by then.
Gakuto: We'd be old.
Momoyo: I'm sure my sublime training will keep me nice and young.
Takuya: With you, I almost believe it.
Kazuko: When that time comes, I want to take another picture here together with everyone.
Momoyo: Haha, that'll be fun. And we can all stand exactly the same as we are now.
Shouichi: Maybe I'll have a slipped disc or something then.
Takuya: Y-You come too, if you're doing okay.
Miyako: O-Okay.
*We all promised to come back here and take another photo together in fifty years.*
*Back then, it had seemed so easy.*
Yamato: ...And that's the story behind it.
Chris: I see. That is quite the tale.
Miyako: Oh, the past is coming back to me. Now I'm going to spiral into depression.
Yamato: A-Anyways!
Yamato: We all decided we'd see the flower again.
Shouichi: But one day, the owners decided to develop that old lot.
Kazuko: So we all got together and super carefully transplanted the flower's children. We buried them in the grass beside the building.
Takuya: The plants had already buried their roots deep, so it was a lot of work.
Momoyo: We'll show it to you later. It's still small, though.
Yukie: Fifty years... That was a wonderful story.
Yukie: ...I-If you wouldn't mind... u-umm...
Shouichi: Yeah, 'course you're invited. And you too, Chris.
Chris: ...Thank you.
Yukie: I'm looking forward to it already!
Gakuto: Whew. That breath of fresh air was just what I needed.
Yamato: We saved plenty of eggs for you.
Gakuto: I'm so thankful, I could cry with joy, you know?
Kazuko: If you don't want them, I'll take them.
Takuya: By all means, please.
Shouichi: Thanks to my sushi, everyone's getting along again!
Miyako: And you actually believe that. You really are something else.
Momoyo: Well, when my little sis puts her mind to it, no matter how much food you have...
Kazuko:  All done!
Momoyo: ...it won't last long.
Yamato: Every time I go to eat an egg, I'm going to have flashbacks of this day.
Shouichi: Someday, this'll be another page in your book of memories.
Takuya: It's a page I might want to rip out.
*...And so ended this week's Friday Meeting.*
Chris: Whew... Today took a lot out of me.
Chris: Oh, yes. There was that box Yamato gave me this morning.
Chris: Given the fight we had, I could not possibly accept this.
*There was a knock on my door.*
Chris: It's me.
*Miyako, who'd been reading beside me, instantly fell into a sour mood.*
Yamato: Mm, it's open.
Chris: You gave me this this morning.
Yamato: Oh, that?
Chris: I do not believe I can accept this.
Yamato: Don't be like that. It's nothing much.
Chris: It is not that simple.
Yamato: You see...
*I opened up the box for her, then and there.*
Chris: Food... water... a sleeping bag, and a knife?
Yamato: There's also a portable toilet, candles, et cetera.
Chris: The food is... nonperishable?
Yamato: You never know when an earthquake or any other disaster might strike.
Yamato: So hang on to these. If anything does happen, they'll make a huge difference.
Chris: But all of this must have been terribly expensive.
Yamato: I don't care how much it costs to keep my friends safe.
Yamato: Though hopefully we never wind up having to use them.
Chris: You took the time to prepare all this? For me?
Chris: ...Apologies.
Chris: You truly do treasure your friends.
Yamato: It's nothing worth making a big deal out of.
Miyako: Why are you blushing?
Miyako: Still, it took you long enough to figure that out.
Chris: Regardless, thank you. I should not have doubted you.
*Chris bowed her head.*
Yamato: Hahaha. Then everything between us is water under the bridge, eh?
Chris: However...
Chris: ...I still cannot accept the way you resort to petty schemes.
Yamato: Huuh?
Chris: I understand well that you do so for your friends.
Chris: However, I have seen you calmly use those same tricks when you are competing by yourself without any qualms.
Yamato: That's just my style. Please, let me be me.
Chris: I would like more time to consider this.
*With that, Chris trotted off.*
Miyako: Geez. She's too stubborn.
Yamato: Well, we can't expect her to change the way she thinks overnight.
Miyako: Wow... You're being very defensive.
Yamato: I am?
*Miyako sat down next to me.*
Yamato: Are you jealous?
Miyako: Yep.
Yamato: You really don't hide it.
*She laid her head on my shoulder.*
Miyako: Yamato.
Yamato: What?
Miyako: Thank you for holding me back there.
Yamato: No problem.
Miyako: ...I love you.
Yamato: ...I know.
Yamato: But for now, let's just be friends.
Miyako: I have probably confessed my love to you over a thousand times, and your reply is always the same.
Yamato: ...
*I wondered if, one day, I would give her a different one.*
Yukie: Sweep, sweep...
Gakuto: Yo. What're you doin' so early?
Yukie: Oh, Gakuto-san. Good morning.
Yukie: I'm cleaning around the dorm.
Gakuto: Let my mom handle that stuff. She's in charge of the place.
Yukie: I enjoy it. That's why I'm doing it.
Gakuto: Well, if you really want to, I won't stop you.
Yukie: Uh... But Gakuto-san, could I ask you something?
Gakuto: Shoot.
Yukie: I thought a lot about what happened last night.
Gakuto: Last night? somethin' happened last night? I've forgotten everythin' except the late-night shows.
Yukie: Recall the discussion on how I should act towards my friends?
Gakuto: Oh, right. That.
Yukie: Even after all that thinking, I'm still not sure if I understand.
Gakuto: Ain't just thinkin' about it enough?
Yukie: But there must be some trick to it, right?
Gakuto: Huh? There's no trick.
Gakuto: You want me to explain what a friend is to me?
Yukie: Y-Yes, please!
Gakuto: So... Let's say you've got a nose hair.
Yukie: A what?!
Gakuto: A stranger's someone who can't mention it. A guy you know will say somethin', but that's it. While a friend's someone who'll yank it out for you.
Yukie: O-Okay...
Gakuto: Go pluck those nose hairs. That's the kind of friend you should be.
Yukie: Yes, I will!
Gakuto: Okay, time to prepare for tomorrow. It's a hot spring, so I gotta pack my binoculars. Mm-hm.
*............*
*Miyako and I were out shopping, looking to buy things for tomorrow.*
Miyako: All right, that's all the party supplies we'll need.
Yamato: Now we're ready for tomorrow.
Yamato: Oh, mind if I stop by the arcade? I think Moro's in there.
Miyako: Go ahead.
Yamato: He's not here.
Miyako: Hey, wanna play?
Yamato: Nah, let's get this stuff home.
Yamato: Oh! But hold on a second.
Yamato: I need to go to the bathroom.
*I headed to the bathroom, but before I got there...*
Tough Guy: Oh...
Tough Guy: Ohh... Hm.
Tough Guy: You're pretty good! I like you.
Yamato: Huh?
*He looked wild, almost like a beast.*
Tough Guy: I choose you. Shut up and follow me.
*He suddenly yanked my arm. I felt like he was going to rip it out of its socket.*
Yamato: What are you doing?!
Tough Guy: I'm satisfying my hunger. My bestial hunger.
Yamato: What?
Tough Guy: Look, just come. You'll enjoy it soon enough.
Yamato: Wh-Who the hell are you?!
*This was a dangerous situation. Deadly, even.*
*I went with...*
Run away
Go with him
Yamato: Let go of me!
Tough Guy: Stop fighting. Resistance is futile.
Tough Guy: Only one person gets a say in who I fuck.
Yamato: Huh?
Tough Guy: And that person is me.
Tough Guy: C'mon. The bathroom's right there, and the stall's open.
Yamato: Wait...
Miyako: Yamato, who's that?
Yamato: No idea.
Miyako: What are you doing to Yamato?
*Miyako shoved her way between us.*
Tough Guy: ...You got a chick with you?
Yamato: Miyako, get back. This man's dangerous.
Tough Guy: Hah, that ruins everything! Forget it!
Tough Guy: You can go. I'll find someone else.
*He briskly disappeared into the crowd.*
Miyako: That was pretty intense. Well, I stood my ground.
Yamato: I've never seen him before... Well, no need to dwell on the bad things.
Miyako: Let's go home.
*With the man completely out of our thoughts, Miyako and I headed home.*
*My legs started moving of their own accord.*
Tough Guy: Oh, so you're up for it.
Tough Guy: Nice. You're gonna love this.
*He took me into the bathroom stall.*
*Thinking back, I could remember moments when my eyes had strayed to Gakuto's muscles.*
*Oh. So I swung that way.*
*That meant I never did get close to any of the heroines.*
Tough Guy: Now relax, and experience my spear.
*Instead, I made love to this burly man.*
Tough Guy: The fires of my heart will roast you!
Yamato: Nwahhhh!!!
*We made it back to the dorm.*
*The trip was quick and uneventful. I probably had my choices -- err, good luck -- to thank for that.*
Suguru: Whew. Simply setting foot within the arcade always brings me peace.
Ikurou: I'm gonna play strip mahjong! I'll spank my way to victory!
Suguru: Perhaps I will play Sengoku Taisen. Moro, what will you do?
Takuya: I'm going to check out that fighting game, Fist of the Northern Land.
Takuya: Oh, someone's playing solo on one of the head-to-head cabinets. Are they playing as Utah?
Takuya: Okay, I'll join and fight with my main, Wyom!
Takuya: Mmm... They're pretty good, but I can win this!
Takuya: Eigh, eigh... Yes, I won!
Takuya: Oh, a rematch? I guess they're a poor loser.
Takuya: Whoa. Tokee? But he's broken!
Takuya: No, I can't give up. I can still win this!
*--After a long-fought battle.*
Takuya: Yes, I won!
Opponent: Shit! I can't even kick his ass with Tokee?!
Girl: You're good!
Takuya: Huh? Oh, uh, umm...
Girl: This ain't my best game.
Girl: So don't you start thinkin' you're better than me.
Girl: You play Virtue Fighter or Techken?
Takuya: Um, I guess.
Girl: Then let's go! We're playin'!
Takuya: Huh? But-- Hey, wait!
Girl: Just shut up and follow me!
Girl: ...Shit. Why's he calling us now?!
Girl: I'll beat you next time. Ryuu! We're going home!
Takuya: Whoa... She was cute, but weird.
Ikurou: Ahh, I sure stripped her.
Takuya: Oh, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: Check this out. I mashed so hard, I broke a nail.
Takuya: You don't have to mash for dear life!
Ikurou: I was in the middle of my mashing when this girl laughed behind me. Called me desperate. So I of course pictured myself fucking her in the ass.
Takuya: I guess we're pretty weird ourselves.
*............*
*The Kawakami sisters were jogging in the light of the setting sun.*
Momoyo: Wanko, let's run our usual route to the ocean, then take a break.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: Right! Final sprint!
Momoyo: Whoa, hey! What's gotten into you lately? Wait up!
*The ocean waters shined as red as the sky above.*
Kazuko: Whew, that was some run.
Momoyo: Good grief, but you love to run.
Kazuko: I can't lag behind you forever. Not in our runs, and not in any other way either.
Momoyo: Ahh...
Kazuko: I mean, you know. Eheheh.
Momoyo: Look at you, talking big. (She lightly chopped her head.)
Kazuko: Ahaha! But you can't catch me if I'm in the water!
*She quickly took off her shoes and socks, then slid into the ocean.*
Kazuko: Brr, now my feet are cold.
Momoyo: It looks nice, as always...
Momoyo: It's gotten warmer, so maybe I'll join you today.
Momoyo: ...It's a little cold, but feels nice.
Kazuko: Yep.
Kazuko: Isn't the sunset beautiful, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Not half as beautiful as you.
Kazuko: Wh-Why are you hitting on me?
Momoyo: Hahaha.
Kazuko: So, since Kawakami's sunset is this beautiful...
Momoyo: Hm?
Kazuko: Every sunset all over the world has got to be just as pretty.
Momoyo: Maybe so.
Kazuko: Once I graduate, Onee-sama, I'll join you.
Kazuko: Then we can train against martial artists from all over the world! I can't wait!
Momoyo: Us, together? We might spend most nights sleeping outdoors, you know?
Kazuko: That's fine. We can just lie down whenever we get sleepy.
Kazuko: We'll fight everywhere, spread our names, broaden our horizons, always running from place to place.
Kazuko: It'll be you and I, running through an empty wasteland together.
Kazuko: Why let boys have all the fun adventures? Girls can dream, too!
Momoyo: I wouldn't mind a few chances to put on lipstick.
Kazuko: Think of it as polishing your inner beauty.
Kazuko: The best women are the ones with lots of life experiences anyways.
Momoyo: Wow, I never thought I'd hear something like that from you.
Momoyo: Is there someone you're interested in?
Kazuko: Yeah, there is.
Momoyo: Wait, what? Who?!
Kazuko: You, Onee-sama!
Momoyo:  Wha?!
Momoyo: Y-You're confessing your love to me?
Momoyo: Can't we just be sisters?
Kazuko: No, I want our relationship to move onto the next stage.
Momoyo: So you want to taste the forbidden fruit? I might be okay with that.
Momoyo: But being the bottom isn't really my style, so you'd have to be fine with that.
Kazuko: The relationship I want is...
Kazuko: Hah!
*Suddenly, Kazuko fired a crisp punch at Momoyo's midsection.*
Momoyo: Ah?!
Kazuko: Ygh!
*But with her godlike reflexes, Momoyo saw it coming and blocked it.*
Kazuko: A relationship of friendly rivalry!
Momoyo: ...Wanko.
Kazuko: I told you before. I'm going to be your rival.
Kazuko: That wasn't a joke. I'm serious.
Momoyo: ...Oh, Wanko...
Kazuko: Okay! Time to go home and practice more. I'm not going to give up!
*She splashed her way towards the shore.*
Momoyo: Hey, Wanko?
Kazuko: Hurry up, Onee-sama, or I'll leave you behind!
Momoyo: And you're completely serious...
Momoyo: ...It's probably about time we told her.
*--Night, in my room.*
Tadakatsu: A trip? Good. I'll finally have some peace and quiet.
Cookie: Heh. I'll watch over the house while you're away.
Yamato: Do you want me to bring you back anything, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: I don't need nothing, dammit.
Yamato: But you're taking care of the hermit crabs. I have to get you something.
Tadakatsu: Nobody fucking told me that!
Cookie: Why won't you leave me in charge? Don't you trust me?!
Yamato: I feel they'll be safer with Gen-san, since he's more sensitive.
Tadakatsu: Tch. Food. Bring me back something I can eat.
Yamato: Oh. Well, thanks.
Tadakatsu: Hmph. Well, try not to get yourself hurt out there, dumbass.
*Okay, now I could travel with peace of mind.*
*I was sure it was going to be a crazy trip.*
Yamato: I can't wait.
*At the time, I had no idea...*
*...just what this trip had in store for us.*
*It was a beautiful morning in the middle of Golden Week.*
*We'd be leaving for Hakone come noon.*
Yamato: ...Yet everyone's awake already. Nobody wanted to sleep in, huh?
Chris: We leave today, Naoe Yamato. Yet you laze about.
Yamato: What are you talking about? Vacations are the best time to laze about.
Chris: The vacation has not started yet. Before we go, I must complete today's training regimen.
*With that, Chris set off on her run.*
Yamato: ...
*I returned to my room without saying a word.*
Yamato: Her preachiness is starting to get on my nerves...
*I knew I couldn't expect her to change her mindset overnight, but...*
Yamato: If she keeps complaining about every little thing I do, I don't know if I'll be able to take it.
*Knowing it would calm me down, I watched the hermit crabs for a while before deciding on my goal for the trip.*
*I would patch things up with Chris.*
Shouichi: Yamato. My man, you sure you're ready for today?
Yamato: Isn't this early for you?
Shouichi: I didn't sleep a minute last night. That's why I'm so pumped!
Yamato: Then sleep. Wait, you weren't around yesterday. Where'd you go?
Shouichi: Oh, I went to hang in Hakone.
Yamato: ...Hold it.
Shouichi: What's up, my friend?
Yamato: You didn't forget we're going to Hakone today, did you?
Shouichi: I couldn't wait any longer. Here, I brought you some wasabi.
Yamato: At that point, why not just wait in Hakone for us to join you?
Shouichi: You want me to miss the train? That's half the fun!
Yamato: Don't yell at me.
Shouichi: So I'm gonna go grab a bunch of games and stuff!
*I could hear him shout 'Yahoo!' as he ran out the door.*
Yamato: ...He clearly can't wait to go.
*In the kitchen, I found Mayucchi and Miyako making rice balls.*
Yamato: Hey.
Miyako: Ciao.
Yukie: Yamato-san, good morning.
Yamato: Is that for lunch?
Yukie: Yes! We'll be leaving at lunchtime, so I thought it would be perfect!
Yamato: Nice thinking. Thanks, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Oh no, it's nothing. Ahahahaha.
*She laughed awkwardly as she continued her work.*
Miyako: You don't have to worry. I'm making yours.
Yamato: You mean the ones you're making right now? What did you put in there?
Miyako: Love.
Yamato: That's not what I'm asking.
Miyako: I thought you might enjoy a unique blend of habanero and wasabi.
Yamato: 'Unique' is definitely the word for that.
Yukie: Whew. That should be all of them.
Miyako: Well done, but you're not quite finished. First, you have to sprinkle in some crushed red pepper.
Yukie: H-Huh? W-Wouldn't that be too spicy?
Miyako: Trust me. Okay, let's do it.
Yamato: Stop that.
Miyako: All right.
Yamato: Thank goodness I was here. Lunch almost turned tragic.
*I decided to keep watch on her here. I could use my phone at the same time anyways.*
*I replied to all the texts I'd received during the night.*
Yamato: I sure know a lot of night owls.
Yukie: Um... A-Are you using your phone to contact your friends right now?
Yamato: Yeah, I'm texting them. Though I don't know if I'd really call them 'friends'.
Yukie: I'm jealous...
Miyako: Really? I couldn't stand dealing with so many people.
Yamato: Then maybe you could make my life easier by sending a few less texts.
Yamato: I mean, you even text me to say you're getting in the bath. What am I supposed to say to that?
Miyako: You could ask me where I'm going to wash first, with some suggestive emojis. Is that too much to ask?
Yamato: Who would do that?!
Miyako: Ask Momo-senpai. She does it.
Yamato: She's an exception.
*Why did I have to know so many oddballs?*
Yamato: Thank goodness you're normal, Mayucchi.
Yukie: M-Me? I'm... probably normal, yes!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's an excellent student, too! I give ya my word.
*Nope, she was weird, too.*
Cookie: Meister, be careful on the road.
Shouichi: Will do. Want me to bring you anything back?
Cookie: Your safe return would be the greatest gift of all.
Cookie: Though I do have some plans in mind if that's really all you get me... Heheheh.
Shouichi: All right, all right. Don't let anyone mess up the base while we're away.
Cookie: I'll treat it as my prime directive.
*............*
*It took just under an hour and a half to get from Kawakami to Hakone-Yumoto.*
*By taking the express line from Kawakami Station, we didn't even have to change trains.*
Takuya: Man, with how there's nine of us, I was really worried how we'd handle this since the sections only sat four each, a total of eight in a row.
*But it all worked out. Everyone except Nee-san took a seat.*
*As for her, well, she did what you'd expect.*
Momoyo: Isn't meeting people like this the best part of going on a journey?
College Girl C: I know. Trips are great!
Momoyo: Spring prank! Titty touch! (She high-fived the girl's breast.)
College Girl C: Hey, that's ridiculous! Ayyy!
*She'd hit it off with a trio of college girls going on a trip.*
Momoyo: Your meat dumplings are amazing.
College Girl A: Right? Do you want another?
College Girl B: Hey, no fair! I want to give her one!
*Let your eyes off her for a second, and she would go hunt for girls.*
Momoyo: People all over the cabin, join hands Make this a love train, a love train Hahaha, I just had to sing.
*...I decided to fetch her once we arrived at our destination.*
Shouichi: Zzz... It's adventure time... Zzz...
*Capt was sound asleep.*
Kazuko: He was that excited, and now he's sleeping on the train? Boring.
*He had leaned his head against Moro, who was sitting next to him.*
Kazuko: Ahahaha, you guys are so close.
Takuya: Why can't a girl lean on my shoulder instead?
Miyako: Oh, when Gakuto walks in here, he'll be so jealous. 'How could you... You'll pay for this!' he'll scream.
Chris: --!
Yamato: Why are you blushing?
Chris: N-No reason.
Miyako: Is there another yaoi lover in our midst?
Yamato: Oh?
Yukie: Capt-san sleeps as adorably as a child.
Yamato: Because he is a child. What was he doing, staying up all night?
Gakuto: Mayucchi, I'm gettin' hungry. You brought lunch, right?
Yukie: Ahh!
Yukie: Yes! I brought rice balls!!!
Gakuto: Uh, don't glare! You don't need to be nervous...
Yukie: Hauu... I-I'm sorry. The moment felt so special, I just...
Miyako: Special? Speaking with Gakuto felt special? That would be a spicy development.
Chris: What? Is that true, Mayucchi?!
*The girls jumped at the thought.*
Yukie: Oh, no. I didn't mean it like that.
Kazuko: Ahaha, she didn't even blush about it!
Gakuto: My interest in younger girls is nonexistent, like Wanko's breasts.
Kazuko: Ahh! Ahh! Get ready to die!
*Even as Wanko kicked at him, Gakuto nonchalantly went to eat a rice ball.*
Takuya: Wait a second, Gakuto! We're in a tunnel right now!
Takuya: Let's wait until there's some scenery!
Gakuto: Who cares?
Takuya: But this isn't the normal express -- it's the Superview Express Train. What's the point of riding this train if we miss the view?
Yukie: Is there a difference between the two trains?
Miyako: Ahh... You had to ask.
Takuya: Yeah! So first, the Superview one is simply more expensive, but that's because...
*Moro started chattering away.*
Kazuko: Mmm, I don't think I can sit still any longer.
Kazuko: Are you sure I can't run laps around the train?
Miyako: Yes, I am. If you do, your nickname from now on will be Shortsman.
Kazuko: Waahhh! Don't call me that! It makes me sound like a pervert!
Gakuto: Hah hahmahtah, ihh hahhohhay ouu ahha--
Chris: Swallow before you speak.
Yamato: You're allowed to talk like that in Edo.
Chris: Goodness. I never realized the depths of Japanese culture.
Yukie: Um, I made some tea. You can have some, if you want?
Chris: I will assume you asked me to speak with regards to justice.
Gakuto: No, I asked what're we doin' once we're in Hakone?
Yamato: We already talked about this. Today we do whatever we want, tomorrow we'll hike and fish and all that fun stuff, and the third day is for sightseeing.
Takuya: We could make the schedule more specific, but I doubt we'd wind up sticking to it.
Miyako: We can't be doing anything to ruin the mood.
Yamato: I don't want to hear that from you.
*The chatter and laughter never stopped, and soon we reached our destination.*
*--Hakone-Yumoto, Moutaintop Ryokan Hotel. Our plan had been to take the bus as a group, but...*
Kazuko: I'm going to run all the way up!
Takuya: It's a mountain road that takes 30 minutes by car!
Momoyo: Didn't we already finish today's training before we left?
Kazuko: As if! I'll run, run, and run some more!
Kazuko: Kuri -- just you and me. First one to make it to the hotel wins.
Chris: Could be fun. I already finished my daily regimen this morning, but if you are that enthusiastic to train, then it's hard to refuse.
Momoyo: Go for it. I'll take your bags. Everyone who's riding the bus, get on board!
Miyako: Yay.
Takuya: You guys are completely playing it cool.
Yukie: Um... Err...
Momoyo: If you're not sure, then you're taking the bus. Come on, baby.
*And so only Wanko and Chris wound up running.*
*The bus wound its way up to the hotel.*
*The hotel was beautiful. I checked the sign, and saw it was owned by the Kuki Conglomerate.*
Yamato: Ten people in one room? It must be huge.
Shouichi: Zzz... It's one yen per share... Buy while it's cheap... Zzz...
Takuya: Wait, how long is Capt going to sleep?
Momoyo: I'll lead us in his place! Hot spring baths are open 24 hours a day! Plus, we've got plenty of time to kill until dinner.
Momoyo: Now's your chance to do whatever you want.
*Everyone set off to do what they wanted.*
*As for me, I'll...*
Go outside with Gakuto and Mayucchi
Wait for Chris and Wanko to arrive
Take it easy with Capt and Miyako
Play a game with Momoyo and Moro
Gakuto: Okay. I just can't see it from here because the roof's in the way.
Yukie: Um, Gakuto-san, what are you doing?
Matsukaze: Dude, you oughta let Mayucchi join ya. Who knows, things could get way more fun!
Yamato: Mayucchi, come help me scavenge for souvenirs. We need to buy something for Gen-san since he's looking after the place.
Gakuto: Yamato, I've got this covered. I'm gettin' recon on the full terrain.
Yamato: I have no idea what you're talking about, but enjoy!
*I knew exactly what he was talking about. Gakuto was devoted in his quest to get a peep into the women's hot spring baths.*
Yamato: Okay. Even if we're not buying it today, we should at least decide on a souvenir.
Yukie: What do you think he would enjoy?
Yamato: Hmm. Oddly, I think he'd react the same to anything. What do you think?
Yukie: What about this adorable doll? A sliver of warmth could crack through his ice-cold facade, allowing you to further deepen your relationship!
Yamato: Yeah, he'd punch me if I tried. That's out.
Yukie: Awawawa.
Yukie: Um, then I suppose we could resort to food.
Yukie: How about onsen manjuu? Such a staple gift. He'd think of you as serious and hardworking all while the neighborhood birds chirp their blessings...
Yamato: That doesn't seem fun enough.
Yukie: I'm sorry I'm not more helpful!
Yamato: There's no need to panic, Mayucchi.
Matsukaze: You got this, Mayucchi! C'mon, everyone, cheer my girl Mayucchi! Ma-yu-cchi! Ma-yu-cchi!
Yamato: Ma-yu-cchi. Ma-yu-cchi.
Matsukaze: Say it like ya mean it!
Yamato: Are you timid or brave? Pick one!
Yukie: Awawawawa!!!
*In the end, we never did decide on a souvenir.*
Yamato: ...That's strange.
*It had already been a few hours. They should've arrived by now.*
*But their phones were in the bags we'd taken up to the hotel for them.*
*So all I could do was wait.*
Yamato: ...Oh, there they are! You ran all the way here.
Kazuko: Final dash!!!
Chris: I will never accept defeat!!!
Yamato: The hotel's right here. You can sto-- Hey! I said, stop!
*They were closing in on me, but still weren't putting on the breaks. They were gonna crash!*
Yamato: ...But I have a plan.
Miyako: You had plenty of time to step out of the way if you hadn't been so focused on looking cool.
*With her beast-like agility, Miyako swung in and rescued me.*
Yamato: My bad. But thanks. I'm glad I had you come along with me.
Miyako: Well, there was something extra in it for me. Heheh. (She stroked her hands over my body.)
*Though she spent a lot of time spacing out, when it counted, Miyako was as quick as she could be.*
Kazuko: Goooooal! A tie? You're good!
Chris: Same to you, Dog! We are an even match in terms of speed!
*They screeched to a halt, dust clouds wafting in their wake.*
Yamato: Hey, what took you so long?
Chris: Dog, you see, insisted that we might as well take the foot trail instead of the road.
Yamato: I see. That would explain all the leaves on you two.
Yamato: Try not always falling for her bait, Chris.
Chris: I have my pride. I cannot flee a challenge.
Yamato: But you're not even dressed for running. Don't be so stubborn.
Chris: Mmph.
*Chris took a deep breath, as if ready to argue back, but before she could--*
Miyako: Oh, Wanko. You're covered in leaves.
Kazuko: Eheheh. I thought they'd come off as I ran, but they're really stuck on there.
Miyako: Let's get you a bath. You too, Chris.
Chris: Oh, but I still have so much to say to Yamato--
Miyako: Just come. (She dragged her off.)
Chris: Ohhh...
*Miyako clearly wasn't taking no for an answer.*
Yamato: Chris is a pushover towards Miyako. Kind of like a giant dog who, as a puppy, learned that the cat was king.
*I'd definitely made the right choice asking Miyako to come with me.*
*Capt was napping away, of course.*
Shouichi: Zzz... When Yamato... Zzz... was small... his foreskin...
Yamato: Who the heck talks about that in their sleep?! (I kicked him in the shin.)
Shouichi: Ugh! Zzz... I'm the chosen meister...
Miyako: Now he's sleep-talking like a manga protagonist.
Yamato: Well, let's leave Capt alone.
*Miyako sat in a chair, staring out the window towards Lake Ashi.*
*I'd taken the seat across from her.*
Miyako: The view's nice here.
Yamato: Yeah. It makes you forget all your worldly troubles.
Miyako: I meant my view of you.
Yamato: Look over there! Eyes off me and check out the scenery!
Miyako: I can look at both at the same time.
Miyako: I'll stare so hard that it will burn a hole in you... or perhaps will make my hole burn for you...
Yamato: Let's just stick with 'burning a hole in me' instead... Hm?
*My phone rang. The caller was someone from a neighboring class.*
Miyako: ...Mm. (She was clearly upset.)
Yamato: I'll call him back later.
*I turned my phone off.*
Miyako: That's very considerate of you.
Yamato: Well, the plan's to relax for a bit after all.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Yamato: The lake really is beautiful.
Miyako: Right?
Yamato: So beautiful that I might pee my pants.
Miyako: I'd wash you off.
Yamato: ...
Miyako: *giggle*
Yamato: It's great being with you. Our conversations are always so much fun.
Miyako: Mn-hm.
Shouichi: You two've really got this weird vibe goin' on.
Miyako: We were having a moment. Now go back to sleep!
Shouichi: Zzz...
Miyako: ...There he goes again.
Yamato: I could say the same thing about you.
Momoyo: I guess we can play a game. They've got something at the hotel, right?
Takuya: Yeah, there's a console here in the room. Hmm, what do they have...
Takuya: There's only one game. Something called, 'Kenta-kun: Let Your Fists Do the Talking'.
Yamato: I've never heard of it. It sounds like a DA game.
Takuya: ...Me neither. What is this?
*Moro threw open his laptop.*
Momoyo: Letting my fists do the talking? Sounds fun. Start it up.
Yamato: Sure... Hmm, I don't recognize the publisher.
Momoyo: The title sounds so old-fashioned. Okay, let's go.
Kenta: I'm Kenta, and I can't stand people who think they're tough when others are starving. How come the government doesn't have a clue? Time to teach them a lesson!
Yamato: This game's awfully political.
Momoyo: But it's a normal side scroller. Whoosh, pah!
*Nee-san's character slammed his foot into the enemies' heads.*
Takuya: I searched for it online, but I'm not getting any hits. It's the rarest game I've ever seen.
Momoyo: Hahaha, I love this guy. He's just stormed into the Diet building.
Yamato: It's the first stage and they're already at the climax?
Kenta: Dammit, guys! Stop messing around and open up the rice stores to the people!
Yamato: Whoa, he's working for a non-violent solution.
Takuya: Wasn't there a movie like this?
*In life you can always expect the unexpected.*
*............*
*--Meanwhile, in Kawakami Academy. The monsters were attacking.*
Student's Dad: You can't put a number on my child's mathematical ability.
Student's Mom: I agree. How would you feel if you were given a low score?
Student's Dad: As such, I would like Kawakami Academy to consider not handing out report cards.
Student's Mom: Besides, corporal punishment feels like something out of last century!
Tesshin: I see, I see...
Tesshin: Ms. Kojima, we've got ourselves another pair of monster parents!
Umeko: Why do I suspect you're enjoying this?
Tesshin: I am so far past anger and shock that all I can do is laugh.
Student's Dad: Monster parents? Heh, are you insulting us?
Student's Mom: Should we sue them? The schools were so much better when I was young.
Tesshin: The only person I feel sorry for is your child.
Student's Dad: What?!
Umeko: First of all, when your child entered our school, you signed a document saying you understood we utilized corporal punishment.
Umeko: As for report cards, they are necessary to measure student performance. Our school is founded on the idea that competition fosters growth.
Umeko: If you do not like that, you are welcome to pull your child out of this school.
Student's Mom: B-But the beatings you give are clearly excessive!
Umeko: That is enough, you uncultured swine!
*The crack of her whip echoed across the room.*
Student's Mom: Wah! Y-You hit me!
Umeko: Hopefully I've beaten a backbone into you!
*The whipping soon vanquished the female monster.*
Umeko: Repent for your foolish deeds, uncultured swine! Well? Out with it!
Student's Mom: Ah, hah, ahh! W-We're sorry!
Student's Dad: H-Honey?! I've never seen you look so... ecstatic!
Tesshin: As for the report card thing... Well, you should give up on that.
Student's Dad: But it's cruel to make children compete.
Tesshin: Pathetic. How can you think something so pathetic?!
Tesshin: Life itself is a competition! That sort of defeatist attitude has never brought anyone an ounce of success! Never!
Student's Dad: Aieeee!
Tesshin: ...Hmph. I wish I could be with my grandchildren, relaxing at the hot springs.
*............*
*--After dinner. It was finally time to enter the supreme bliss that was the hot springs.*
*So of course, the children sought to peep at the opposite sex.*
Miyako: Time to peep at the men's bath.
*...Namely, the girls at the boys.*
Kazuko: You shouldn't do that. I mean, what would you even do if you saw anyone other than Yamato?
Miyako: Shoot. I never considered the risk.
Miyako: But I can still eavesdrop... See no evil, but hear all evil.
*--Meanwhile, in the men's bath.*
Takuya: Whew... This is nice. I love hot springs.
Yamato: Yeah, it's nice to get out here every so often.
Gakuto: Behold, you lot, my muscular beauty!
Takuya: I'd like to behold it a bit less! You're going to give me nightmares!
Gakuto: And in terms of firepower, my Johnny is a bazooka!
Yamato: One you've never fired at a real target.
Gakuto: But I've spent tons of time at the practice range, and I've kept the barrel polished.
Gakuto: Wait, why the hell are we havin' this conversation?!
Takuya: Oh, geez. Can we talk about anything else?
*Moro never liked dirty jokes, so he scurried off to a corner.*
Shouichi: We're all guys. You don't gotta hide anything.
Yamato: You and Gakuto are too bold.
Yamato: ...Capt, you've practically got a machine gun down there.
*His looked like one that could shoot all night long.*
Gakuto: So what about your lil' Yamato?
Yamato: Mine's a magnum. It'll blow my target away.
Gakuto: That's way worse than a bazooka.
Yamato: Hah. I dunno. Yours looks like it could misfire at any moment.
Gakuto: At least mine won't jam like yours.
Takuya: Stop it! You're all perverts!
Shouichi: Moro. If we're calling you Moro, you gotta show us mor-o' yourself.
Takuya: That's not what my name means!
Gakuto: Don't blame Moro. His squirt gun is stuck in its holster.
Takuya: ...It's not like I want to be like this.
Shouichi: Huh? So you're saying--
Yamato: Be discreet, Capt. No need to be a jerk.
Shouichi: Your foreskin's stuck shut?
Takuya: Waaaaaaahhhh!!!!!
*Moro dove, blushing, under the water's surface.*
Yamato: That was the opposite of discreet. That was super fucking blunt.
Shouichi: I said it gently, like a soft pat on the head.
Gakuto: Your word choice isn't makin' it any better.
Shouichi: Now that you mention it, I've never seen Moro's...
Shouichi: Hey, will you show me? C'mon, Moro, let me see your precious daikon.
Takuya: How did I end up in this situation???!!!
Shouichi: I mean, doesn't it bother you?
Shouichi: So lemme fix it for you. It might work.
Takuya: Heck no! Who'd want that?!
*Moro fled behind me, trying to hide.*
Shouichi: What's to be embarrassed about? We've known each other since we were kids.
Yamato: I mean, who wouldn't be embarrassed?
Shouichi: You gotta set yourself free like the wind.
Yamato: That's a little too much freedom.
Shouichi: Sure, but as our leader, I'm worried about him.
Takuya: I never asked you to worry about me!
Shouichi: I mean, look at Yamato. He went through something similar way back when during summer break...
Yamato: *Glare!*
Shouichi: ...when he did absolutely nothing. Yeap. Most boring summer ever!
*I couldn't let anyone know I'd moved up the man-ladder by having surgery on my foreskin.*
*After the anesthetic wore off, it hurt like hell for a week.*
*I'd talked to Capt about it, which made him the only person who knew.*
*............*
Miyako: Whoa... I never saw that coming.
Kazuko: Hm? Were the boys chatting about something neat?
Miyako: Um, Momo-senpai. What sort of a gun was a magnum, again?
Momoyo: It's a beautiful large caliber firearm, powerful enough to take down a grizzly.
Miyako: So that's the kind of steel you're packing, Yamato?
*...Back to the men's bath.*
Shouichi: I think the girls already called it.
Gakuto: Yamato, we have to peep tomorrow!
Yamato: Huh? You want to peep?
Yamato: Don't. I can't believe you're obsessed over it. What are you, a child?
Yamato: Or so an amateur would say! If you want to peep, then I say peep!
Gakuto: I love how flexibly you think.
Yamato: You're not seriously crazy enough to peep on Nee-san, right?
Gakuto: Hell no. Momo-senpai would sense me comin'. But, her senior class won't be at the school trip. I can wait till then.
Gakuto: However, I looked around and found out there's another inn lower down the mountain. There might be a way to peer into their bath from there.
Yamato: I see.
Takuya: I looked online, and found out there's a girls' lacrosse team staying there starting tomorrow.
Yamato: You helped him search? You're so kind, Moro.
Takuya: Gakuto said his well-being depended on it.
Gakuto: Hahaha! A girls' lacrosse team? *gulp*
Gakuto: If all goes well, we'll be openin' Heaven's door.
Yamato: I'll just pray we don't accidentally open the door to Hell.
*Wicked thoughts filled our minds the first day.*
*A refreshing breeze greeted us on the second day.*
*We played around in the lobby while waiting for the girls to change.*
Shouichi: Sweet. I wasn't as fast as Yamato, but I still finished the puzzle!
Yamato: That leaves only Gakuto and Moro.
Gakuto: Forget about me. A man of my might doesn't need to concern himself with mere puzzles.
Takuya: Hmm... If I try this, then... Wait, what? Umm...
Shouichi: Hahaha. You're never gonna get it, Moro.
Takuya: Ooh, I can't believe I'm so bad at this.
Kazuko: Guys, thanks for waiting! C'mon, it's time to go!
Yamato: I took care of everything we need. I even brought poles.
Miyako: You really did. And that pole looks excellent. Can I touch it?
Yamato: You can touch any of the fishing poles that are currently in my hand.
Miyako: Tch.
Yamato: It's too early for this, Miyako.
Yukie: Fishing with everyone sounds so wonderful.
Momoyo: I want to make sure. Are we fishing for fish, or for girls?
Yamato: You know perfectly well it's fish.
Chris: How splendid that we can fish without a license in Japan.
Yukie: You need one back in Germany? That's inconvenient.
*We excitedly chatted as we made our way into the mountains.*
Yamato: ...Today's my best chance to get closer to Chris.
Momoyo: This place looks good. I love the scenery.
Shouichi: Sweet. Then let's fish a huge haul! Yahoo!
*Capt grabbed a rod and ran towards the river.*
Chris: Hey, you forgot the bait.
Shouichi: I can find some here. There's worms under these rocks!
Shouichi: All I gotta do is pin it on the hook, and I'm good to go.
Shouichi: And I've got a hit! Masu salmon right outta the gate!
Takuya: He's going wild for it. Almost literally.
Miyako: Will Moro awaken his inner fisherman? Find out next time on 'Kazama and Friends'!
Takuya: I don't know how many viewers will tune in to see that.
Gakuto: Hey, watch this. I'll show you the coolest way to do it.
Takuya: Uh, it's too early for the punchline.
Gakuto: I ain't joking!
Miyako: But without a punchline, we'll be stuck on this scene forever.
Gakuto: Say what you want. But don't start fallin' for me when you see how wild I am today.
*Gakuto placed himself next to Nee-san, who was busy fishing.*
Gakuto: If you are stunned by my awesome fishin' technique, then will you marry me, here and now, Momo-senpai?!
Momoyo: Oooh? That's a fun proposal. Like some sort of bird's mating ritual. Let's see what you can do.
Gakuto: Aww yeah. Time to start the fishin' minigame.
*Gakuto triumphantly cast his line...*
*...only for it to get tangled with Momoyo's.*
Momoyo: You're in my way! Don't fish so close to me!
Gakuto: Agaaahhhh!!!
Takuya: Oh, she blew him away... That was a very punchy punchline.
Kazuko: Before I fish, I'll train!
Momoyo: Well, that's fine. We have plenty of time.
Momoyo: Little bro, catch my share too. Any less than three, and you'll get the death penalty.
Yamato: Your laws are way too harsh.
Momoyo: Miyako, let's train you in hand-to-hand. I'll teach you alongside my sis.
Miyako: Xiexie.
Yamato: You've been getting good at unarmed combat lately, Miyako.
Miyako: It's so I can keep you safe from whatever the world has in store for you.
Yamato: I can handle whatever the world has in store for me by myself, thanks.
Miyako: Then let me be your shield -- your aegis!
Yamato: I wouldn't let things get to that point.
Miyako: That's so cool. How about we next talk about what we plan to do in old age?
Momoyo: You two can flirt later. Let's train, Miyako.
Kazuko: By training day in and day out, I know we'll get stronger!
*The Kawakami sisters took Miyako away with them.*
Miyako: Hm hmm hm hmm
*She tried to get my attention for something, but I ignored her.*
Chris: Apologies for asking you to do this, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Oh no, I-I'm happy to help.
*Mayucchi subtly trembled as she hooked the worm onto the line.*
Yamato: You like fishing, but you can't bait the hook yourself?
Chris: I would rather avoid doing so, if I can.
Chris: And Mayucchi said she would help.
Yukie: I would go through fire, water, and worms for you, Chris-san!
*She talked big, but it was clear she could barely stand the work.*
*So I, Naoe Yamato, decided to...*
Bait the hook for her
Watch with a monk's patience
Yamato: Let me do it, Mayucchi. I like baiting hooks.
Yukie: Huh? Yamato-san?
Yamato: Right, there we go. You can fish now, Chris.
Chris: Yes. Thank you.
Yukie: Thank you very much!
*I figured I'd left a good impression on them.*
*Mayucchi was trying to help Chris.*
*It'd be wrong to get in the way of that. I'd rather just sit back, smile, and watch.*
Shouichi: Huh? What, you struggling with the bait?
Shouichi: You just gotta hook that thing on and get to fishing. Here, lemme.
Yukie: Thank you very much.
Chris: From this close, I can see how accustomed you are to the act.
Takuya: It's thoughtful, considerate guys like him that get all the girls, eh?
Yamato: Huh? Moro, I didn't see you there.
Takuya: I've been watching, silently. I never could have done that.
Yamato: Don't go beating yourself up over it.
*Nee-san returned after a short while.*
Yamato: Where's Wanko and moe-moe Miyako-tan?
Gakuto: You're a sadist for only sayin' those things when she's not around.
Momoyo: They're sparring. They can handle it themselves.
Yamato: Miyako's not going to stop training at hand-to-hand, is she?
Momoyo: Hahaha. You'd better get ready for her to jump you.
Momoyo: Then when you come to me, beat up and crying, I'll do the same thing, only harder. How's that sound? Thrilling, right?
Yamato: Maybe I'll fight back and leave you in tears.
*I started running the second I said that.*
Momoyo: Mmm, I love how you insist on having the last word.
Momoyo: You've got 30 seconds. Run, Yamato, run!
Yukie: I-I feel as if you're going on a hunt.
Takuya: Don't worry about it. This is just how they communicate.
Chris: That is a rather violent form of communication.
*............*
Momoyo: Oh, little bro, what's up? Did you give up already?
Momoyo: I've got you!
*She threw her arms around me...*
*...enveloping me with her graceful body and sweet fragrance.*
Momoyo: Well now, what sort of fun should we have today, hm?
*This was usually the part where she started to mess with me, but today...*
Momoyo: ...There's another group. A large group. I can't see them, but I can sense them.
*She whispered in my ear as she held me tight.*
Yamato: So I was right. I thought I saw a shadow in the forest.
Yamato: That's why I didn't want us to go any deeper into the woods.
Momoyo: Wise decision. Whoever they are, they're trained.
Momoyo: There's at least ten of them, lurking.
Yamato: This is an uncanny turn of events.
Momoyo: It's the kind of event that would boost our ratings if this were a shounen manga. Next would be the tournament arc and an anime adaptation.
*Despite the danger, it didn't seem to phase her.*
*She was too overwhelmingly strong to worry.*
Momoyo: You wait right there.
*Nee-san happily entered the forest.*
*............*
*Kazuko and Miyako were sparring off by themselves.*
Miyako: Hah!
Kazuko: Whoa, that was close! Not bad. That was a crisp kick!
Miyako: I have to make myself decently competent unarmed.
Kazuko: To keep Yamato safe? That's just like you.
Kazuko: But you're not the only one getting better!
*They continued to exchange blows, with Kazuko slightly getting the better of it.*
*But suddenly, the two stopped their attacks at the exact same moment.*
*Both had sensed a third party was watching them.*
Female Soldier: That was marvelous, samurai girls.
*A foreign-looking woman dressed in camouflage fatigues stepped out of the woods. The eyepatch she wore gave her a frightening air.*
Miyako: Why's someone way out here?
Female Soldier: I admire the way you two fought.
Kazuko: Y-You know Japanese?! I can't believe a non-Japanese person can speak Japanese!
Miyako: Uh, did you forget about Chris?
Kazuko: Oh, right. Ahahaha.
Female Soldier: I also practice martial arts.
Female Soldier: You will let me join your training.
Miyako: (That came out of nowhere.)
Kazuko: Wow, so it'll be an international match. That kind of sounds fun.
Kazuko: Let's do it! I love no-holds-barred training!
Female Soldier: Well spoke. Then you will take your stance.
Miyako: Hey, maybe we should think about this f--
Kazuko: Wait! Look out!
*Miyako and Kazuko instinctively jumped back.*
*A heartbeat later, the foreigner's flying kick blasted past the spot where they'd stood.*
Kazuko: Miyako, she has a lot of training under her belt!
Miyako: Yeah, she's strong... I can save trying to wrap my head around what's going on for later.
Miyako: Any hesitation will be the end of us.
*The two instantly grasped how strong their enemy was.*
Female Soldier: I am willing to fight two against one. You will show me what you can do.
Kazuko: I'm Kawakami Kazuko of the Kawakami Temple, and I'll take you up on that!
*Kazuko blindly charged the foe.*
Kazuko: Hiya! Hiya! Hiya! Hiya! Hiya!
*The mighty punches and kicks slowly drove the woman back.*
Female Soldier: I will concede that you are a decent fighter.
Kazuko: I'm not done yet!
*Kazuko redoubled her speed.*
Female Soldier: But you are still nothing in my eyes. I rate you no better than a wild rabbit.
*After having spent the battle entirely on the defensive, she shifted into a counterattack.*
*Her axe kick shot down at Kazuko like a lightning bolt, but Kazuko moved out of the way.*
Female Soldier: Hah!
*She instantly followed up with more kicks, flipping who was the aggressor and who was on the defensive.*
Kazuko: Oof... She's grinding me down through my guard!
*Her attacks were slower than Kazuko's, but were an order of magnitude stronger.*
*Kazuko managed to block the flurry of attacks and reset her distance from her foe.*
*That was the moment Miyako chose to move in.*
Kazuko: Uuh... My arms are numb...: But I'm fired up!
*While Kazuko rested her arms, Miyako took up the fight.*
*This wasn't the type of battle she preferred, but she doubted there was anything she could say to stop her foe from attacking.*
Female Soldier: You are decent, but... You simply are no better than a rabbit.
Miyako: Shah!
*Miyako's chop cut through the air towards her foe's neck.*
*But she dodged it by a hair's breadth... No. She let the attack get within a hair's breadth of her, then chose to move.*
Female Soldier: Now you will suffer my counterattack!
*She fired off a series of rapid-fire kicks again.*
Miyako: Ugh...
*Unable to even manage as well as Kazuko had, Miyako was forced to retreat.*
Female Soldier: You will eat this! And you will have a taste of this!
*The woman lithely leapt, then swung her leg down for the finishing blow.*
Miyako: I'm certainly not hungry enough to eat that.
*Her opponent's jump had left a brief opening in which Miyako could fall back, and she didn't let it pass.*
*The kick left a crater in the spot where Miyako had previously stood.*
Miyako: You're good...
Female Soldier: You will compliment me more loudly.
Kazuko: Miyako, we need to consider this a serious fight, not training.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll go all-out.
*First, Kazuko charged at their enemy.*
Female Soldier: Good! Never abandon even the slimmest possibility.
*Suddenly, Kazuko crouched as low as she could.*
Kazuko: Snake Snipe!
*She shot her leg out like a snake's tongue, aiming to sweep her opponent's feet.*
Female Soldier: Whoa there! That was close. But it is time to crush you.
*Having jumped over the low attack, the woman transitioned into a kick aimed at Wanko who was still crouched.*
*That was the moment for Wanko to unleash the move she'd been waiting to perform.*
Kazuko: Bird-killer!
*Or, as the rest of the world called it, a somersault kick.*
Female Soldier: Anti-air?! From that stance?!: Absur-- Gaah!
*The attack did not strike -- it cut.*
*How else to describe the way it slashed through her opponent's body?*
Female Soldier: Absurd! Me, lose?! Impossible!
*The woman landed unsteadily.*
Miyako: I'm next!
*Miyako didn't intend to let that opportunity go untaken.*
Female Soldier: Tch!
*As Miyako moved in, the soldier jabbed at her face, trying to check her advance.*
Miyako: You're mine!
*She uppercut her foe's arm, arcing it upwards.*
*Now her arm pointed up towards the sky. Miyako grabbed it, then twisted her body around and shoved her hips against her foe's.*
Female Soldier: What?!
*Her opponent never even had the time to process what had happened.*
Miyako: Hiya!
*A picture-perfect shoulder throw.*
*The crash of the soldier's body against the ground echoed through the woods.*
Kazuko: Wow! Nice going, Miyako. You scooped her up like a tornado!
Miyako: You had a nice combination attack yourself. First pop her up, then strike her down.
*The two friends cheered as they high-fived.*
Female Soldier: Gh, ugh...
*Their opponent jumped to her feet.*
Kazuko: Huh? You still want to fight? We kinda just won, you know?
Female Soldier: ...Hasen! <Damned rabbits!>
Female Soldier: Jagd! <I will hunt you!>
Miyako: Ah...? Everything feels--
*No sooner had Miyako felt that unease than the soldier charged.*
*They coolly stepped to the sides, pinning her between them.*
Miyako: If you're going to throw a tantrum...
Kazuko: You need a nap!
*This time, they fired a pair of merciless, simultaneous kicks.*
*But the soldier blocked both, one with each arm.*
Kazuko: That feels like... wood?
*Their foe had drawn her weapons, though neither girl could have said when.*
*It was with those paired weapons that she blocked their kicks.*
*Those weapons were...*
Miyako: Tonfas?!
*Wielding the tonfas as easily as if they were extensions of her hands, the soldier turned first towards Miyako.*
Female Soldier: Hasen Jagd!
*Though Miyako tried to defend, with a nifty spin of her weapon, the soldier blew straight through her guard.*
Kazuko: Miyako!
Miyako: Gh! I'm fine!
*Kazuko jumped in, putting Miyako behind her.*
*The spinning strike had been painful, but Miyako knew it was less scary than it had looked.*
*The thrusts, she determined, were far more dangerous.*
Female Soldier: Hah!!!
*A storm of blows pounded at Kazuko, but she dodged them all.*
Kazuko: Tch. You're not even giving me a chance to att--
Female Soldier: Tonfa Kick!
Kazuko: Gwuh?!
*Kazuko had left her stomach exposed, and the soldier had punished that with a quick kick.*
Kazuko: Gh... *cough cough* Huff... I'll be feeling that one tomorrow.
*The tonfas had drawn her attention so thoroughly that she never saw the kick coming.*
Female Soldier: Hahaha! Hasen Jagd!
Kazuko: *cough* We've got our backs against the wall... I wish we had our weapons, too.
Miyako: I'd rather be sniping her from afar, but...
*She didn't have her bow. Unarmed, her odds were slim.*
*Despite taking a good kick to the stomach, Kazuko was still ready and raring to fight.*
*But she, too, would surely struggle without her weapon.*
Miyako: (There goes that... I'd rather keep this secret, but...)
*Miyako reached into her pocket, where she kept her trump card.*
Female Soldier: Hasen...
Momoyo: What do you think you're doing? That's my adorable friend and sister you're fighting there.
Female Soldier: Wha?! You snuck up behind me!
Momoyo: I came, drawn by your auras as you fought, and what a surprise I've stumbled on.
Yamato: You said it. A soldier here, too?
Miyako: Yamato, Momo-senpai?
Female Soldier: Momo...? Ah, so you're the one they call the Strongest. Kawakami Momoyo.
Momoyo: Are you in a match? Or did she jump you? If it's the latter, mind if I join in?
*Nee-san happily cracked her knuckles.*
Chris: What do I hear here...? Ah?
Female Soldier: Frau Chris.
Chris: Mar-san!
Momoyo: Hey, hey. You're not gonna stop being out for blood now, are you?
Kazuko: Huh? Do you know her, Kuri?
Chris's Father: I fear we've made something of a mess of things.
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: Chris, my daughter. You are as beautiful as ever...
Chris's Father: Allow me to introduce my squad leader, Second Lieutenant Eberbach.
Margit: I am Margit Eberbach. You will not forget that.
Chris's Father: I apologize for the bad manners of my subordinate.
Miyako: Um, that went way beyond simply being rude.
Chris's Father: She is an exemplary soldier, though she can be proud to a fault.
Chris's Father: She is well-versed in melee combat, and can little resist challenging skilled practitioners such as yourselves.
Chris's Father: I cannot say I dislike that sort of youthful recklessness.
Miyako: Or maybe you should spend some time walking in our shoes...
Miyako: Well... whatever. This isn't worth it.
Kazuko: We can't let her off that easy! Hey, Mar!
Margit: You dare address me by anything other than my full name, rabbit?!
Kazuko: Next time we fight, we'll both be armed!
Margit: Do not point at me, either. Monkeys point.
Chris's Father: I wish to speek with Chris. Excuse us, samurai girl.
Chris: Father, what brings you here?
Chris's Father: I would think the reason is obvious.
Chris: Would you explain?
Chris's Father: I came in response to your message. My goodness, a weekend trip with your friends!
Chris's Father: I could not stay still after you called to tell me so. As your father, I had to check in on you.
Chris: You came all this way... just for me? Father, I cannot express the depths of my happiness.
Gakuto: Hey Pops, you don't trust us or somethin'?
Chris's Father: It is not a matter of trust. I worried she might want for something while on her trip.
Chris's Father: However, you may rest assured I am not an overly doting soldier. I limited myself to bringing only thirty men and women with me to survey.
Takuya: Isn't even that a bit overkill?
Shouichi: ...
Takuya: It's rare for you not to say anything, Capt.
Shouichi: I'm tryin' to figure out how I can get 'em to let me check out their weapons.
Shouichi: Tell me you don't wanna chance to fire a soldier's gun.
Takuya: Don't get too hopeful.
Chris's Father: I am glad, my lovely daughter, to see you are enjoying yourself.
Chris: Thank you.
Momoyo: ...Good grief. I can't listen to another word of this.
Yamato: That man really loves his daughter. Heaven have mercy on anyone who tries to go out with her, hahaha.
Chris's Father: You think any boy is worthy of my daughter?! Don't be absurd!
*He said, shaking his head.*
Chris's Father: Keep those improper thoughts to yourself, boy. Be thankful I am a peaceful man, or else you would have a bullet in your chest.
Yamato: Oh, I'm thankful, no doubt about that.
Yamato: I'll never say another word about it.
Chris's Father: Good. Were she to get a boyfriend, World War III might be fought over him.
Margit: Your humor is as witty as ever, Lt. General.
Margit: You all will praise him as well. Such is your duty.
Yamato: (It didn't sound like a joke to me. And it was in bad taste.)
Kazuko: Done talking? Then it's time for a fair fight! I won't lose!
Margit: ...It is nearly time for the next operation.
Chris's Father: I am sorry, samurai girl, but the lieutenant is too talented to leave unoccupied for long.
Momoyo: Then little bro, wouldn't you say he shouldn't have brought her in the first place?
Yamato: Hey! Confront them all you want, but don't bring me into it.
Chris's Father: Yet your wish will come true soon enough, samurai girl.
Chris's Father: Margit is to transfer into your school.
Gakuto: Whoa, seriously?! I can see it happening.
Miyako: How doting can you get?
Chris's Father: Heh, I'm not overprotective. I'm not even having Margit transfer into the same class.
Chris's Father: I restricted myself to placing her in the neighboring class, 2-S. Furthermore, the advanced class should suit her better.
Momoyo: Pretty sure that's still overprotective, but I'm getting too tired of making fun of every little thing you say. More importantly...
Momoyo: I gently caressed some ten of those soldiers of yours. You should probably go recover them.
Chris's Father: What? You defeated my elite soldiers?
Chris's Father: Margit, contact them!
Margit: ...I cannot. They must have been neutralized.
Momoyo: I presented the slightest bait, and they completely fell for it. Hahaha.
*She laughed in satisfaction over getting to lay low ten foes.*
Margit: You bitch. You will not assume that means anything.
Momoyo: You wanna fight, too? Looking for payback?
Margit: ...I am willing to pass.
Margit: It's time to withdraw. A soldier does not abandon her mission.
Chris's Father: Given that Margit also attacked your friends, I do not intend to hold a grudge. I hope you'll do the same.
Momoyo: Well, we're on vacation. So sure.
Chris's Father: I will take responsibility for recovering my troops.
Chris's Father: Take care, Chris.
Chris: You too!
Chris's Father: Watch out for my daughter.
*Her father kindly said.*
Chris's Father: ...I said, watch out for her.
*This time, he sounded threatening.*
Shouichi: We got her covered! But forget that. I wanna see some guns!
*Capt wasn't the least bit intimidated, of course.*
Chris's Father: Our armaments are a state secret.
*With that, the two calmly left.*
Kazuko: I won't forget your name, Maltese!
Takuya: How did you not even remember the entire first syllable?
*............*
*After a quick breather, we went back to fishing.*
Shouichi: Yahoo! Another hit! This one's over 20 centimeters!
Shouichi: Think I could sell it to the fishers downstream?
Shouichi: Sweet, I'm doing it! Today, I'm a businessman!
*Capt sprinted off downstream.*
Yamato: I didn't even have time to stop him.
Momoyo: Well, we always do what we want.
Yamato: You're done fishing, aren't you?
Momoyo: I'm happy to sit here and become one with nature.
*She sat on the riverbank, her bare feet dipping into the water.*
Yamato: Even your toes are pretty, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Heheheh, you think so?
Momoyo: Then you can take an even closer look at my beautiful sole!
*She swung her foot towards me, water splashing as she did.*
*The droplets shone brilliantly in the sunlight.*
Yamato: I don't really know what you expect from me here, but...
*I tried tickling her.*
Momoyo: Heheh... You call that an attack? You'll need to do better than that.
*I tickled her foot with more intensity.*
Momoyo: Hahahahaha!!! Now that's effective!
*After playing with Nee-san for a bit longer, I went over to Chris.*
*She was fishing with Mayucchi.*
Yamato: I would like to join you, if you wouldn't mind.
Yukie: Wh-Why are you acting so humbly?
Yamato: I was copying you, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Awawaw...
Chris: Hey, hey. Naoe Yamato, do not tease your juniors.
Yamato: Hey, mind if I join you?
Yukie: By all means.
Yukie: (I hope this will be the opportunity for Yamato-san and Chris-san to become even closer friends.)
Yukie: (And I hope they'll maybe become closer friends with me, too.)
Chris: Hm hm hmm
*Chris was happily fishing.*
*Meeting her father must have really put her in a good mood.*
*So now was my best chance to persuade her. Menu -> Command -> Persuade.*
Yamato: Chris, your dad's pretty cool.
Chris: Yes, he is! I am proud to call him my father.
Chris: And I love this country, which my father admires so much.
Chris: Japan is truly incredible.
Yamato: He seems like quite the soldier.
Chris: He is! In fact, my family has a long and proud military history.
*She took the bait.*
Chris: My great-grandfather fought for justice in the Battle of Stalingrad, and died with honor.
Chris: Every time I hear the tales of his heroism, I remember that his blood runs in me, and passion fills my heart.
Yamato: Wow. Soldiers are something else.
Chris: I know!
Yukie: (I-I can't believe it! He's improving her mood by the second!)
Yukie: (A little bit of praise goes a long way, Matsukaze.)
Matsukaze: (That book said it's the biggest secret to success, 'member?)
Yamato: By the way, soldiers use strategies, right?
Chris: Yes, such as the Blitzkrieg.
Yamato: Yeah, exactly. The best soldier would be hopeless without a good strategy.
Chris: Oh...? What are you getting at, Yamato?
Yamato: You understand how an army uses tactics to not face their enemy head-on and reduce casualties, right?
Chris: I suppose. Ambushes are a proper tactic as well.
Yamato: Basically, that's what I do.
Yamato: I scheme to reduce harm for me and my allies.
Yamato: Just think of this in terms of the military. You strategize to win. To live. To deny that would be to deny the military that you adore so much.
Chris: Mmm... Mh?
Yamato: So, you know.
Yamato: I'm better suited for actual battles. Now that you understand that, I hope we can get along better.
Chris: ...I cannot accept that.
Yamato: Why not?
Chris: ......Nothing that you say makes any sense.
Chris: No, perhaps it is that your words lack weight?
Chris: Or should I say that you are all talk?
Yamato:  Ah!
Yamato: You... You've got some nerve.
Chris: It is clear to me that you care for your friends.
Chris: As such, I would like to take your words at face value...
Chris: ...but my heart flares at the thought.
Chris: No, you will need to do more to convince me.
Yukie: U-Uhh... Err... Umm...
*It didn't look like I was going to be able to convince her.*
*Did she think I was all bluffs and cheap tricks?*
Yamato: Then I'll just have to show your heart the truth.
Chris: What?
Yamato: I challenge you to a match, Chris. I'll make you accept me.
Chris: I see, so you wish to show actual strength to give validity to your words. Intriguing. I accept your challenge!
Yukie: Bweh?! But everything was going so peacefully!
Yukie: Why do you suddenly look like you want to fight?
Yukie: U-Um... Chris-san, couldn't we settle things peacefully?
Chris: I never imagined I would duel you.
Yukie: Ah?! Why won't she listen?!
Takuya: Things are turning out pretty interesting... Are you okay with this, Miyako?
Miyako: If I interrupted, Yamato would yell at me to take a hint.
Miyako: I'll just have a conversation with this fish I caught. See? Look at it flap its little fish lips as it says...
Miyako: Auugh... Water... I need water...
Takuya: Can we not be that gloomy, please?
*Capt returned from downriver, tons of food in hand.*
Shouichi: Man, I didn't wind up selling it, but I easily traded the salmon off for some stuff at a barbecue. Now we got loads more to eat.
Momoyo: Great timing. Things are about to get interesting.
Shouichi: What?! I got no idea what's going on, but stop having all the fun while I'm away!
*............*
Shouichi: Yamato and Chris are squaring off? In a duel, too? Hmm.
Shouichi: I'm all caught up now. So in the end, you settled on having a match.
Momoyo: We'll decide what you'll compete on, to keep things fair.
Momoyo: By the name of the Kawakami Temple, I swear I will keep things fair.
Chris: All right.
Yamato: Then go ahead.
Shouichi: Chris has the edge in a pure fight. But Yamato's got the mental advantage.
Shouichi: Man, Momo-senpai, figuring this out is fun!
Momoyo: Yeah, it's pretty interest-- Ahem. I mean, it's worth doing.
Chris: Something about that gave me chills.
Yamato: Well, Nee-san never jokes around after bringing up the temple's name, so we'll be fine... I hope.
Shouichi: Well, let's save that for tomorrow morning. Right now, it's fishing time!
Momoyo: Yeah, there's some setting up to do anyways.
Yukie: Ooh... Um... Can't we all just, uh, get along, or...?
Gakuto: Sorry, you say somethin'?
Yukie: Hauu. Never mind.
Shouichi: Mmmh...
*............*
*--The second night. The duel awaited us in the morning.*
*Chris and I didn't exactly fight, but...*
*...neither of us bothered to hide our fighting spirit.*
Yukie: Uuh...
Yamato: What's wrong, Mayucchi?
Yukie: N-Nothing... Um, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bother you.
Yamato: ...?
*Mayucchi clearly had something on her mind.*
Gakuto: Heh heh heh. It's Gakuto time!:  (He checked right.):  (He checked left.)
Yamato: Relax. There's no one around here.
Gakuto: Then let's go peep on the girls bathin' at the hotel down the mountain.
Yamato: Why did you invite me?
Gakuto: Capt's a kid. He's not interested in girls.
Gakuto: Moro's too chicken. He would've wimped out.
Gakuto: That leaves you as the most perverted of us all!
Yamato: My mind's not that dirty.
Yamato: But to be honest, I love it when Nee-san hugs me tight and presses her boobs against me.
Gakuto: Stop remindin' me! I'd kill to be in your shoes!
Gakuto: Out of all our friends, you're the only one I can talk with about these things.
Yamato: All right, then let's go.
Gakuto: Sweet. That's the spirit. Now, let's start the chapter of the chosen!
Yamato: I'm only coming to keep you from screwing up and getting caught.
Gakuto: That's so kind. I can feel my affection points for you goin' up.
Yamato: Stop blushing! I don't want them!
Yamato: By the way, you do know where we're going, right?
Gakuto: Who do you think I am? I did all the groundwork yesterday.
Yamato: The early bird gets the worm. Let's get a move on.
Gakuto: Then it's adventure time! Treasures await us!
*We took the first, momentous steps on our journey.*
Momoyo: Heh heh heh. I heard that. I heard every word!
Gakuto: Shit, Yamato! We've already hit the final boss!
Yamato: This is bad. I couldn't even sense her hiding here.
Momoyo: I'm going too.
Yamato: Excuse me?
Momoyo: I'm not missing those beautiful naked bodies.
Yamato: The final boss wants to team up with us.
Gakuto: You're a girl. You can just walk in through the front door.
Momoyo: It's so much more titillating when they have no idea I'm there.
Momoyo: When I'm in the bath, my stares are so obvious that everyone gets strangely defensive. Looking is so much fun, too.
Yamato: That sort of makes sense...
Momoyo: So, which way? Where do we peep from?
Gakuto: There's no one else I'd rather have on my side! Come with me!
*We headed into the mountains.*
*Nee-san edged close to me.*
Yamato: Wh-What?
Momoyo: You like it when my boobs touch you?
Yamato: ...It's not half-bad.
Momoyo: Heheheh. Look how red you are. You're such a boy, Yamato.
*Nee-san wasn't the least bit angry.*
Gakuto: Point bravo reached. Our target is the girls' lacrosse team.
Momoyo: Let's get ourselves a feast of giant peaches and huge melons!
*She might be Nee-san, but I still found her weird.*
Gakuto: El Dorado awaits on the far side of this bush.
*Suddenly, an alarm blared.*
Security: Stranger detected. Activating security level 4.
Gakuto: Th-That thing wasn't here yesterday!
Yamato: Tch. Night security? Our opponents aren't pushovers, that's for sure.
*I checked the trap. No camera. They didn't know what we looked like.*
Momoyo: Mm, that was fast. We've got six people coming our way.
Gakuto: Why can't the security guards ever be fat and slow?
Momoyo: I can get out of this just fine, but I probably can't with you two in tow.
Momoyo: So if we want to all get out of this--
Yamato: Leave it to me. With you, a girl, being here, we can come up with some excuse.
Momoyo: It's too much work, trying to explain away everything.
*She picked both of us up, one under each arm.*
Momoyo: You two, flee via the river down below. I'll get out on foot.
Gakuto: Uh, hold it! The river's way too far down!
Yamato: You wouldn't actually drop us that far, right? Hahaha.
Momoyo: I won't take no for an answer. Make it back safely!
Gakuto: Whoaaaa?!
Yamato: You're kidding meeeeeee!
*And so Gakuto and I found ourselves thrown into the cold May river.*
Momoyo: Okay, probably time for me to start running.
*Momoyo dashed straight past the guards, not even bothering to hide.*
Male Guard: Was that the wind? Or did someone just ran past us?
Female Guard: You're seeing things. Come on, we have to catch the peepers.
*She moved so fast that ordinary civilians couldn't even see her.*
*............*
*--Meanwhile, at the secret base in Kawakami City.*
Thug 1: Whoa, ain't this place sweet? Ain't it rad?
Thug 2: Let's make it our hangout.
Thug 3: Nice. Want me to call the guys?
Cookie: You there. Hold it.
Thug 1: What sorta weird-lookin' robot is that?
Thug 2: Don't it look super high-spec?
Thug 3: Who you think left the thing here?
Cookie: This is private property. You should leave. Now.
Thug 1: Huh? It part of some security system?
Thug 2: Dude, who cares. There ain't no cameras or nothing.
Thug 3: Shit, don't scare us like that! (He kicked Cookie.)
Cookie: You think you can make fun of me? Maybe I should take you out.
Thug 1: Hahaha, go ahead and try.
Cookie: I'll show you my transformation function. It's too late for regrets.
Thug 2: Huh? Transwhat...?
Cookie: I'll finish this with the 62 seconds of energy I have left.
Thug 3: What?! It's transforming?!
Cookie 2: Whew... Prepare yourselves. An attacker has no right to complain when the tables are turned.
Cookie 2: Apologies for the late introduction. I'm Cookie's second form.
Thug 1: Even his voice is different!
Cookie 2: Heh... Mwahahahaha! The hour of pain is finally at hand!
Cookie 2: I shall exterminate you all.
Cookie 2: I can't wait to start slicing up my enemies.
Thug 2: Huh?
Cookie 2: My blade yearns to cut through flesh once more.
Thug 1: Shit, this guy means business!
Cookie 2: Even cries for mercy won't stop what comes next.
Cookie 2: Your extermination is at hand. I will cut you to pieces!
Thug 3: Cut us? Haha. With what sword?
Cookie 2: With this saber, developed by the Kuki Conglomerate. There is nothing it can't cut through.
Cookie 2: There is no escape for you now!
Thug 2: Kuki... The Kuki Conglomerate owns this place?!
Thug 1: Shit. Everybody, ru--
Cookie 2: You can not flee!
Thug 3: H-He's too fast! He cut us off!
Cookie 2: I hope to meet you again in your next life.
Cookie 2:  Cookie Dynamic!
*His blade sliced them into twenty-four pieces... Their clothes, that is.*
Thug 1: N-Noooo! Run!!!
Thug 2: It ain't safe here!
Thug 3: And the Kuki Conglomerate ain't worth messin' with! I'm never comin' back here!
*The thugs screamed as they ran home.*
Cookie 2: Defense successful. There are things that cannot be protected with words alone.
Cookie 2: Still, all this work makes me want to go down to the bar and order some high octane on the rocks.
*...There was no threat of our secret base being taken over in their absence.*
*............*
Yamato: Achoo!
Shouichi: But man, you gotta be stupid to do something like that. What's the fun in peeping?
Gakuto: Heh. You're the one off your rocker here.
*We'd made it back to the hotel, albeit soaked from head to toe.*
*We headed to the hot spring to warm up. Rivers in May are way cold.*
Takuya: U-Uuuuh...
Yamato: Moro, what's wrong?
Takuya: Just leave me alone.
Shouichi: Oh, I took a look at that foreskin problem of his.
Yamato: Ah!
Gakuto: In a way, I'm glad we weren't here for that.
Shouichi: It'll happen in time. Just be patient and take it easy, Moro.
Gakuto: So you went down on Moro's crotch?
Yamato: Well, at least it's not diseased or anything. I do get how you feel, though.
*I completely understood how embarrassing it was for other people to see you down there.*
Takuya: Uuuh... Why'd the first person besides myself to touch it have to be a guy?
*All I could do was salute him.*
Yamato: Achoo!
*Nngh... Yamato... needs... warmth... badly...*
*............*
*Though we were all sharing a room, Chris proposed we divide it down the middle, with boys on one side and girls on the other.*
*If any boy crossed over the line into the girls' side, he'd be captured and subjected to all kinds of torture.*
*That didn't really matter to me since I would never do such a thing.*
*But why wasn't there a penalty if one of the girls did the same?*
Miyako: 'Twas the night before marriage, and all through the chateau, not a creature was stirring, except Miyako.
*After all, one girl was after my chastity.*
Yamato: Hey, Miyako! No sneaking into my bed!
Miyako: Heh heh heh. It's too late. I'm already in here.
Miyako: Make a peep and everybody will know I'm here.
Miyako: And if that happens, I'll tell such tales of what you did to me!
Yamato: Every word would be a lie!
Miyako: So maybe you should be quiet, eh?
Yamato: Why do you sound like a rapist from some trashy hentai manga?
Miyako: Come on, give up. You can't win.
Yamato: No, stop! I'm not feeling well!
*I just wanted to sleep, but I had to deal with Miyako's assault first.*
*And that was no easy task.*
Yamato: Achoo!
Miyako: You sneezed.
Yamato: See? I told you, I'm not feeling well.
Miyako: I'll nurse you. Give me your cold.
Yamato: Get out of my futon!
*That was enough to finally argue her down and force her to retreat.*
*Ugh... I did feel sick, though. Really sick.*
*How was I going to beat Chris tomorrow with my body like this?*
*Breakfast at the hotel was an all-you-could-eat buffet.*
*I couldn't believe how many plates I saw in front of Kawakami Kazuko.*
Kazuko: *om nom nom* Oh, this ham is great! And the fish is good, too!
Momoyo: Wanko, this milk's supposed to be fresh from the cow.
Kazuko: *gulp gulp gulp* Pwah! Nice and creamy.
Momoyo: Here, let me get that milk mustache for you.
*Momoyo wiped it away with her finger, then licked it.*
Chris: Still, I did not truly comprehend the size of your appetite until I saw the number of plates you have here.
Yukie: I can only manage a second serving of rice.
Chris: I would think that to be quite a bit of food as well, Mayucchi.
Momoyo: There's a bit of correlation between strength and appetite.
Kazuko: I'll have you know that I've been up training in the mountains since daybreak.
Chris: Well, I also train in the mornings.
Kazuko: If you ask me, you don't train nearly enough.
Miyako: Quickly eating mountains of food is considered a virtue in Edo.
Chris: Japan is truly incredible.
Chris: But my stomach cannot handle that much food.
Miyako: Wanko, what do you want next?
Kazuko: Oh, can you get me some vegetables? I ate too much meat.
Miyako: Mn. Well, have some eggs.
Kazuko: Yoh! Hah! Toh! (She cracked the eggs, one after another.)
Kazuko: *gulp gulp*
Chris: I cannot imagine you ever getting sick.
Kazuko: Yep! That's the plan.
Miyako: Every day, she trains fiercely, eats her fill, and sleeps as much as she wants...
Miyako: ...leaving no opening for any god of pestilence to sneak in.
Kazuko: If any tried, I'd cut them down.
Yukie: *nibble*
Chris: You eat with such good manners, Mayucchi.
Momoyo: Yeah, your parents must've raised you right.
Yukie: I-Is it that impressive?
Miyako: Well, given that we have such a stark comparison...
Kazuko: *Munch!* *Om nom nom!*
Momoyo: Table manners back home are a bit more... wild.
Miyako: You hold chopsticks perfectly, Chris.
Chris: Thank you. An aunt of my friend taught me in Germany.
Chris: Meanwhile, consider our classmate Oogushi. When I see people like him using chopsticks incorrectly, it bothers me immensely.
Miyako: Huh? But you've never eaten with him.
Chris: Those things catch my attention.
Chris: Wild though Dog may be, she is capable with her chopsticks.
Miyako: Well, there's no need to concern yourself with how Oogushi uses chopsticks.
Miyako: He's not one of us. What he does doesn't matter.
Chris: That is rather stoic. Oh, Dog, are you going to eat the smelt's head?
Kazuko: Yeah. I'll convert all of it into energy.
Momoyo: Kuri, there's a lot of edible pieces left on your grilled horse mackerel.
Chris: T-Truly...?
Kazuko: Look at Mayucchi's plate. She ate every last bit.
Chris: You are right. In comparison, mine looks... sloppy.
Kazuko: I even eat the eyes.
Chris: Truly, I am but a beginner at this.
Yukie: I think it's amazing how well you've fit here in Japan after only being here a few weeks.
Momoyo: Yeah. Don't worry about it. You can learn, little by little.
Yukie: Is Yamato-san still asleep?
Kazuko: If he doesn't get up soon, he's going to miss breakfast.
Momoyo: Well, the other boys'll wake him up and bring him down.
Yukie: I think I'll go check on him.
*--Meanwhile, in the room.*
Yamato: Achoo!!! Uh... Oh, the thermometer's got my temperature.
Yamato: Ack! 38.1C? I've got a cold for sure.
Takuya: Aah... you've done it now. It must be because you dove in the river.
Gakuto: If that were true, I would have a cold as well. Yet, I am perfectly healthy!
Yamato: You don't count since you're so stupid.
Gakuto: Heheheh. I laugh at the pitiful excuses of the weak.
Gakuto: Here's a coupon for the gym. Take the chance to build up some muscle.
Yamato: Really, this is your fault for dragging me along with you.
Shouichi: So, what's the plan? Still up to take on Chris?
Takuya: Not with the fever, he isn't. You need to cancel.
Yamato: I think she'd cancel first if she knew I was sick.
Yamato: But either way, taking care of my body is all part of the competition. The loss would be my just deserts.
Shouichi: Yep. Even if a cold takes you out of the running, a loss is a loss.
Yamato: Screw that. I challenged her, so I have to win.
Takuya: Couldn't you ask for a postponement?
Takuya: Gakuto caused this, so you could make him take responsibility.
Gakuto: Take responsibility how?
Takuya: Say that Gakuto ran out into the night naked, screaming about offering himself to Gaia. You chased after him, and caught a cold in the process.
Shouichi: The girls would definitely believe that.
Gakuto: No way. They'll think I'm some weirdo.
Takuya: They already think of you as a weirdo, so you'll be fine.
Gakuto: Hey, hey. A true weirdo's someone who, umm... Wow, look at that. The girls left their things in the room!
Takuya: Don't go digging their bags! It's creepy!
Gakuto: I'm not interested in members, or even the newcomer Mayucchi since she's young and not my type. However... Ahem.
Gakuto: Chris is different. She still seems like a girl. Sometimes she looks irresistible, you know?
Takuya: Whoa...
Shouichi: You're making zero sense here.
Gakuto: You kids can go ahead and eat from the Kids Menu! You get me, right, Yamato? This is in our blood!
I completely understand
You've lost me
Who cares?
Yamato: I completely understand.
Takuya: Whoa, that's pretty perverted.
Yamato: Your mind is just as dirty as mine, Moro.
Shouichi: Mmm, I don't get it. You sure you're not aliens? You know, the postmodern kind that sees how bad the Earth is screwed up and decides to hightail it home.
Gakuto: What? Look, let's say a smoking babe is walking down the street, and a spring breeze flips her skirt. You'd look at her panties, right?
Shouichi: Huh? Why wouldn't I flip her skirt myself?
Shouichi: Heck, I would flip skirts all the time.
Takuya: That's an elementary kid's prank!
Yamato: You've lost me. What are you talking about?
Gakuto: Dammit. I know you're a pervert on the inside. Be like me and wear it as a badge of honor!
Yamato: That's too risky.
Yamato: Who cares? Chris is my enemy right now.
Yamato: I'm as ready to fight as the people of a certain Japan-hating country. Adrenaline's pumping through my veins.
Yamato: Anyways, asking Gakuto to lie won't work. He'd spill the beans for sure.
Takuya: Then what will you do?
Yamato: I'll have to hide it. I can still move fine.
*Though my head felt funny.*
Yamato: I'll get some cold medicine from the people up front. It might help.
Gakuto: You've got it tough, Yamato.
Yamato: Don't forget this is all your fault!
Gakuto: Good. If you have the energy to scream, you'll be fine. And here I was worried.
Yamato: Gh! Gakuto, you...
Gakuto: Heh.
Yamato: That's a load of BS and we both know it! *kick*
Gakuto: Guffaw! That's... a pretty quick kick you've got there...
Yamato: Moro, can you tell I've got a cold in a glance?
Takuya: No, but they'll find out eventually. We've all known each other too long.
Yamato: I'll go with a half-truth, say I'm feeling a bit under the weather and took some cold medicine.
Yamato: But I'll say I'm perfectly ready for the match.
Takuya: Just don't. This isn't worth pushing yourself over.
Yamato: Chris doesn't see value in what I have to offer. I can't let that stand.
Gakuto: Your manly pride's at stake. I understand completely.
Shouichi: The sane thing to do would be to call it quits so you don't make yourself sicker... You sure hate losing.
Takuya: Oh well... But if you start looking really sick out there, we'll stop the match.
Shouichi: Someone's there?! Who's the ninja eavesdropping on us?!
Cat?: M-Meowww.
Shouichi: Oh, it's just a cat.
Cat?: Whew.
Yamato: Something's wrong here. Hakone cats usually rap when they meows.
Rapping Cat?: Meow, meh-meh meow, meh-meow, meh-meow meow.
Yamato: Mayucchi, stop being ridiculous and come out here.
Yukie: O-Okay...
Gakuto: I strongly think you're as sadistic as they come.
Yamato: I'm flexible, what can I say... So Mayucchi, you heard everything?
Yukie: Um, I only came here to come get you guys, but, err...
Yamato: Okay, that's a yes. I have a request for you.
Yukie: A... A request?
Yukie: Oh yes, please, I'd love to! Name whatever you'd like!
Yamato: Can you keep my cold a secret?
Yukie: B-B-B-B-But, I mean, to fight like you are, that would be--
Yamato: Yeah, I know I'm pushing myself. But I don't want to lose.
Yamato: Please. Keep it a secret.
Yukie: Oh... But...
Matsukaze: Hey, hey, don't go tryin' the impossible. It ain't good for ya. What sorta intellectual goes and makes himself sicker 'cause he's too proud to back down?
Yukie: See? Even Matsukaze thinks it's a bad idea.
Yamato: It'll be our little secret. *wink*
Yukie: Awawaw... A-All right.
*............*
*--9 a.m., on the riverbank. Chris and I were ready to face off.*
*Our friends lined up to watch.*
Shouichi: This is gonna be a one-on-one duel between Chris and Yamato.
Momoyo: Capt and I are the judges and organizers. Let's rock!
Chris: You still feeling slightly under the weather?
Yamato: Eh, it's nothing I can't handle. Let's do this.
Miyako: You did seem a bit off last night.
*I'd probably be fine if it weren't for you, Miyako!*
Yukie: Uuuh...
Kazuko: What's wrong? Do you have a stomachache?
Yukie: No, it isn't that, but... I'm worried.
Kazuko: It's not like they're fighting to the death. It's just a competition.
Yukie: (Yamato-san... You seem to be doing better now that you've taken the cold medicine, but even so...)
Momoyo: Capt and I spent a whole three minutes thinking about how to make this a fair duel.
Shouichi: So, after all that, we figured we oughta go with a small-scale Kawakami War.
Yukie: A war? That sounds like it must be a tremendous sort of fight.
Miyako: In China, it's called Tong Guan's Game.
Yukie: Do you know about it, Miyako-san?
Miyako: It's named after general Tong Guan, who conducted a game against the rival Liao nation. It is able to determine the superior force without deaths and is--
Shouichi: No fair, Miyako! Explaining it is my job!
Miyako: ...There you go again.
Shouichi: It's a system that can be used when two classes wanna go at it. First, we write up all the things you can do and throw them in a box!
Chris: Then... we will draw one at random?
Shouichi: Bingo! Whatever you draw, that's how you'll fight.
Shouichi: We keep on going till someone racks up five wins.
Chris: What sort of events are in there?
Shouichi: All kinds for intelligence, strength, creativity, and so on. It's all in there. Some things you're good at, and some things you're not.
Shouichi: So you've gotta be well-rounded to win!
Shouichi: It's normally a group battle, with each side picking a champion for each match. But here, you two'll be facing off in every round.
Chris: What if five consecutive matches are all disadvantageous to you?
Momoyo: There's an even number of each, and they're all jumbled up. You won't get that unlucky.
Shouichi: And even if you did, luck's just another part of the game.
Shouichi: I mean, there was this one time when I won five free popsicles in a row.
Takuya: You forgot the part where you ate them all and felt sick to your stomach.
Shouichi: ...We were on the bus then, and my stomach hurt like hell. Wanko was sitting next to me, and I must've begged her a hundred times to end my pain.
Chris: That must have been an awful time, for Dog as well. Were you okay in the end?
Kazuko: Yeah. I told him 'Hang in there!' like a gazillion times.
Shouichi: Haha, you were cryin' your lungs out over me.
Kazuko: Of course I was! You kept asking me, 'Is it okay to cross the finish line now?' I was so scared!
Shouichi: We got off-topic, but the point is, luck's a part of the game, too. We good?
Chris: Yeah. Since the match has multiple rounds, luck of the draw should not be an issue.
Yamato: No problems here either. Though I am a bit worried about what events you two thought up.
Shouichi: First, play rock-paper-scissors to decide who draws first.
Chris: Is there any merit to doing so?
Momoyo: Some of the slips of paper have two events on 'em.
Momoyo: The drawer gets to choose which of the two they want to do.
Yamato: Then drawing even one extra one yourself gives you an advantage.
Chris: Understood. Let us begin, Yamato. Rock-paper-sciss--
Yamato: Chris, I'll be throwing scissors.
Chris: (What?! Why would he tell me his next move?)
Chris: (Incomprehensible. What advantage does that gain him?)
Chris: (Oh?! He must be lying, then.)
Chris: (He's trying to bait me into throwing rock so he can counter with paper. A brazen trick, but it will not succeed as I shall use scissors myself!)
Chris: Rock-paper-scissors, shoot!
*Chris     Scissors LOSE Yamato    Rock     WIN*
Chris: WHAT?!
Yamato: *sigh* Geez, that was too easy.
Yamato: You really are predictable.
Chris: Mngh! Mmmmmnnnggh!!!
Chris: I cannot stand this! I cannot stand you, Yamato!
*She stomped her feet in frustration.*
Takuya: Well, that means Yamato won the opening skirmish.
Miyako: It's because her thoughts are so predictable that Yamato thinks he can win this match.
Takuya: (And he'd easily be right, if not for that cold...)
Yukie: (I... I think I should stop this after all.)
Yukie: (But what if that makes them angry at me? Auuuh.)
Momoyo: Okay, lil' bro! Draw to decide the first match!
*I stuck my hand in the hole at the top.*
Miyako: Ahn! Y-You put it in there?!
Yamato: How lucky am I today? (I dug around inside.)
Miyako: Y-You're stirring inside?!
Yamato: Someone stop her from fantasizing.
Momoyo: Miyako, stop!
Miyako: Tch.
Momoyo: Oh, did you cluck your tongue? You think you can take that attitude with me? Well?
Yamato: Now, now. Okay... I'll choose this red paper!
Momoyo: Let's see... Wow. Bro, you've got some amazing luck.
Yamato: What is it? Give me a quiz, or something intellectual!
Momoyo: Tada! CHAIN DEATHMATCH.
Yamato:  Haha, just kill me now!
*I could only laugh.*
Takuya: Of all things, a fight? Now what?
Chris: Heheheh. This is fun, would you not agree? Hahaha.
Momoyo: You lose if you give up or go outside the line.
*She drew a circle on the ground. It was about the size of a sumo ring.*
Yamato: It's a normal chain deathmatch, no special rules?
Momoyo: Holds are legal. Isn't that great? It's a legit excuse to feel her up.
Chris: What? H-How rude of you, Yamato!
Yamato: I didn't say anything... Ugh.
*I was pretty sure that tasteless joke had made my cold worse.*
Yamato: The events aren't all like this, right?
Momoyo: Nah, that's the worst one for you. And you drew it yourself.
Yamato: Nngh... (Man, it's getting harder to focus.)
Chris: Luck abandoned you as punishment for your underhanded tactics.
Shouichi: C'mon, Yamato, lemme see your arm. I gotta get you chained up.
Chris: Let us see if you have any grit.
*Chris and I were chained together by our wrists.*
Momoyo: Then let's start round one. Get ready... Fight!
Yamato: Heh... Chris, even though this is a match...
Chris: What?
Yamato: I would never hit a girl.
Chris: Then you ridicule me by refusing to see me as a warrior, Yamato.
Chris: We battle with our prides on the line. There is no need to hold back. Fight me.
Yamato: I know I'm being a stubborn fool, but I'll say it again.
Yamato: I would never hit a girl.
Yamato: So I'll have to beat you in the next round.
Yamato: I... give up.
Shouichi: The curtain falls on the battle! Round one goes to Chris!
Chris: What?! This is not a true victory!
Yamato: There's plenty of other ways to compete. I won't lose again.
Yamato: If you're not satisfied, then just wait and see what I bring to the next round.
Chris: Ah...
Takuya: Let's toss it over to Miyako-san, who's doing color commentary. Anything to say about the battle?
Miyako: Well, let's consider what Yamato's game plan was for the first round.
Miyako: Since he knew he couldn't win in a fight, he threw in the towel early. He also knew his opponent would be upset by this, so he weaseled out an explanation.
Takuya: That makes sense. Yamato, you crafty devil.
Chris: Aargh! Let's move on. Next round!
Miyako: Chris would normally be riding the thrill of victory, but not today since she's seething from that easy win.
Momoyo: Here, Kuri. Draw away. And pick something fun.
Chris: Hmm, I pick... this one!
Momoyo: Oh, this will be a fair match. 'Paint a picture'.
Yamato: Painting... Well, I'm an average artist, I guess.
Chris: I also have only a little experience...
Shouichi: To keep it fair, your theme will be 'Mayucchi'.
Yukie: ...Huh? Y-You're going to draw me?
Momoyo: Anyone else, and Yamato would have an edge since he's known us for so much longer.
Yukie: O-Oh. Well, if that's the case--
Momoyo: Can you take your clothes off? We're looking for a nude portrait.
Yukie: You want me to pose in my birthday suit?! Th-This is so sudden... My heart's beating so fast...
Gakuto: She's obviously messin' with you. Do whatever feels normal.
Shouichi: We've got all the paints and brushes you could need. You've got one hour. The judge'll be Mayucchi herself. Begin!
Chris: Mn. Then Mayucchi, would you please stay still?
Yukie: H-How should I pose?
Yukie: Personally, I think I look best while holding a sword.
Chris: Just be yourself.
Yukie: Ahh, I guess.
Yamato: ... (I was too focused on drawing to say anything.)
Chris: Mmh. Naoe Yamato, your eyes are so intense.
Chris: But I will not lose. I will give it my all.
Shouichi: I want in on the fun. I'm gonna join.
*...And so an hour flashed by.*
Shouichi: Sweet. So let's start with Chris's. Show us what you got!
Chris: This is somewhat embarrassing, but... behold.
*Chris had beautifully depicted Mayucchi standing alone at the water's edge, her long hair caught in the wind.*
Yukie: Wow, I can't believe it. You made me look so beautiful.
Chris: You overexaggerate. It's quite embarrassing.
Chris: However, I did put my heart into it.
Yukie: I can tell. Thank you very much, Chris-san.
Takuya: Wow. Chris's painting really is good.
Gakuto: At this point, I'd expect Chris to be able to handle anything. Yamato might be goin' down.
Yamato: Here's my painting.
*I'd depicted her smiling in joy, with all the rest of us surrounding her.*
*Mine may have had a few more happy little accidents than Chris's, but...*
Yukie: Ahhhhh...
Yukie: I look so happy in your painting.
Yukie: Chris-san, while your painting truly is wonderful, when I look at Yamato-san's, I can feel tears welling up in my eyes.
Chris: You are the judge. The decision is yours to make.
Yukie: Okay. I prefer Yamato-san's painting.
Shouichi: And Yamato wins the paint-off!
Yamato: That puts me on the board. It's 1-1 now.
Chris: ...We are tied.
*Naturally, I knew from the start what kind of painting I needed to win.*
*Mayucchi had lived her whole life without friends. What could give her more joy than seeing herself surrounded by her new ones?*
*I won not by being the better painter, but by being the better friend.*
Shouichi: Oh, this's got nothing to do with the match, but here's how mine turned out.
Yamato: A-A photo? Wait, no. You painted this?!
Chris: I lose. You are far too talented, Capt.
*Capt would have won in a three-way match.*
*Thank goodness I was facing off against Chris and not him.*
*But I knew, one day I was going to beat him!*
Yamato: Okay... I can't let that get to me. Time to draw for round three.
Momoyo: My gut says you're going to pick something strange. After all, you're the funny one.
Yamato: I think you're confusing me with Gakuto.
*I slapped the paper I had drawn into her hand.*
Momoyo: Are you sure...? Hm. Another fair match.
Momoyo: It's a test of courage! I came up with this one.
*And now I was worried.*
*At least for the moment the medicine was still working.*
*I had to settle this match before it wore off.*
Yukie: (You're looking worse now, Yamato-san.)
Yukie: U-Um...
Momoyo: You need something? Nature calls?
Yukie: N-No, it's nothing.
Momoyo: I'll explain the match. Listen up! Interrupt me and you'll be enjoying some dislocated bones.
Momoyo: Here I've got some Pokky, the long, thin chocolate snacks.
Momoyo: You put one end of it in your mouth and have someone of the opposite sex do the same. Then they'll start eating away at it...
Momoyo: Meaning their face will keep getting closer to yours. How long can you resist? Whoever pulls away from the Pokky first, loses.
Takuya: Wait, that's just an icebreaker at a mixer!
Momoyo: And if you don't look the other person in the eyes while you eat, it doesn't count. Hahaha!
Chris: I feel this is in fact disadvantageous to me.
*I agreed, given how prudish she was.*
*Maybe luck was on my side. I could win this.*
Yamato: Nah, a man's going to feel just as awkward.
Chris: That is an awfully wide grin you have there, Yamato.
Yamato: No, no, that's not true. So, I'll go first.
Yamato: Hey, Wanko! Stop doing squats and come hither!
Kazuko: What's a hither?
Yamato: Just get over here.
Kazuko: 'Kay. What's up, Yamato?
Yamato: I want you to eat this from the other side, nice and slowly.
*I put one end of the Pokky in my mouth, and pointed the other end towards her.*
Kazuko: Wow. Yummy!
*Wanko didn't even blink.*
Kazuko: *nibble nibble*
*She slowly drew closer.*
Yamato: (With Wanko as my partner, this is a cinch.)
Kazuko: Mmm. *nibble nibble*
*Wanko must not have felt uneasy, either. Even as she edged closer, she kept up a steady pace.*
Kazuko: Mmm.
*She put her hands on my shoulders and went to take the last bite.*
*But at the last possible moment, I took my lips off the Pokky.*
Yamato: That's how you do it.
Kazuko: That was delicious. What's next, Yamato?
Yamato: Nah, that's it. You can go back to your squats.
Momoyo: Not bad, but that doesn't count.
Yamato: Why not?!
Momoyo: Who said you got to pick your partner, you idiot?!
*Nee-san grabbed my head, her fingers pushing against my skull.*
Yamato: Meaning...?
Momoyo: I'll pick your partners fairly. You're pairing up with...
Yamato: Not her. Anyone but her!
Momoyo: It wouldn't be much fun otherwise!
Momoyo: Miyako, you're up!
Miyako: ... (She fidgeted.)
Miyako: Even though this is a game, if our lips touch...
Miyako: ...he'll have to take responsibility by marrying me.
*The world darkened before my eyes.*
Momoyo: What's wrong, lil' bro? You're not giving up again, are you?
Yamato: Nah. I'll do it. I can't back out twice.
Momoyo: Good, that's what I like to hear. *grin*
Miyako: Then Yamato, you put it in your mouth first. Okay, open wide.
Yamato: Ahh. (No matter what happens, I can't let our lips touch.)
*I put the Pokky in my mouth and stood ready.*
Miyako: Heheheh.
Shouichi: Huh...? What's wrong? Get going, Miyako. The timer doesn't start until you do.
Miyako: There's no need to rush. I have to prepare my heart for this, so can you give me a minute?
*So we paused for a minute and change, me with the Pokky still in my mouth.*
Shouichi: It's been over a minute. Let's get this party started! Get in position.
Miyako: Then here I go. Hamph.
Shouichi: Start!
Miyako: Heh!
*I felt a wave of bloodthirstiness wash over me.*
*Miyako didn't even chew -- she just swallowed it whole.*
*She rushed at me, fast as if she were going for a headbutt. I barely got out in the nick of time.*
Yamato: Whoa, that was close! And you weren't supposed to wolf it down!
Miyako: ...I was so close.
Momoyo: I'd say Yamato lasted for exactly a second.
Chris: Heheh. I only have to last for over a second? Child's play.
Yamato: She would've kissed me if I didn't dodge. How is that fair?
Momoyo: Nah, it's perfectly fair, lil' bro.: After all, Kuri's partnered with... *beep*
Yamato: Oh, that's fair.
Miyako: See here? This is the place that you had in your mouth for a whole minute, Yamato.
*Miyako showed me my end of the snack.*
Yamato: What about it?
Miyako: *lick lick* Mmh... *lick*
*Miyako slurped away like a kitten at a bowl of milk.*
*I immediately reached for my phone and dialed a familiar number.*
Young Man: Hello, this is the Golden Week teenager's hotline.
Yamato: I'm being... stalked by a female childhood friend.
Young Man: Oh, a stalker?
Yamato: Yes! She's got a pretty face, no doubt, but she can't be trusted. Just the other day she woke me up by shoving her 84cm bazongas in my face.
Young Man: If ya wanna brag do it somewhere else!!!
Young Man: I planned to move in with this girl. Even rented a room. Then she says she's in love with someone else! I haven't seen her since!!!
*He flipped out, then hung up.*
Yamato: I've been abandoned by the country I hoped to abandon. How ironic.
Miyako: I won't abandon you. I'll dote on your every need.
*I ignored her.*
Chris: Then it is now my turn. Heh. I will easily outlast a second.
Chris: Now, who shall be my partner? Hmm...
Takuya: Oh?! (She's looking my way!)
Chris: Capt, could I ask you?
Takuya: (I should've known...)
Momoyo: I told you, in this game you don't get to pick your partner! That's not how it works.
Chris: Th-Then...?
Momoyo: You're partnered with Mr. Nice Guy, Gakuto!
Gakuto: Yesss! It's me!
Chris: Where is your shirt?!
Gakuto: This is proof of my masculine seriousness. Can't you feel it?
Gakuto: I'm nervous, too. I can feel my nipples tingling.
Chris: ...Mmmngh.
Gakuto: I've heard about this game, but I've never had the chance to play.
Chris: W-Well, I could say the same.
Gakuto: I'm glad I'm doin' this with you. Okay, put it in your mouth.
Chris: U-Uhhh.
Momoyo: Don't you love the creepiness? That's what makes this game great.
Gakuto: Moro! Make sure you take a good picture with your phone.
Takuya: Yeah, yeah.
Gakuto: C'mon, Chris, let's get started already. Huff, huff.
Chris: Uhhh.
Gakuto: C'mon, open your mouth. Huff, huff... *gulp*
Chris: I-I cannot do this!!! The very thought is far too disgusting!
*Chris blasted Gakuto in the chin with a palm-heel punch.*
Gakuto: Aggh?!
Momoyo: Oh, nice critical hit!
Momoyo: But that puts your record at zero seconds. You didn't even put your lips on it.
Chris: ...Kh!
Yamato: I feel for you, Chris.
Yamato: But that still means I win the round.
Chris: We are not done yet. I need only even the score in the next round.
*Things were about to get worse since the medicine was wearing off.*
Takuya: Hmm... (Yamato, are you all right?)
*Moro could tell, too. I gave him a look that saying that I'd be fine.*
Chris: This is what I drew.
Momoyo: Oh, we finally get a heart-pounding choice. Your choices are karuta, or cee-lo.
Chris: Cee-lo?
Shouichi: It's an adventurous gambling game. You take three dice, and--
Chris: I will pass on gambling. Who knows what Yamato would get up to.
Chris: We will compete in the karuta game instead.
Yamato: Good. (Nevertheless, it looks like your luck's run out.)
Yamato: I know some of the poems. I should have a good shot.
Takuya: Doesn't Yamato know all 100 poems?
Miyako: These games are his specialty.
*Capt quickly grabbed a sheet, then laid a hundred cards upon it.*
Momoyo: You know the rules, Kuri?
Chris: Yes, I have played karuta a little before.
Momoyo: Great. Then this is your time to study. Memorize where every card is.
*Kh... Shit, I was getting dizzy.*
*But I couldn't stop now. I just had to hope my body could hang in there.*
Chris: Hm... Hm.
*Go 'hmm' all you want, I thought. I was going to dominate this match.*
*I memorized the locations of all but a few of the most difficult-to-match cards.*
Momoyo: Then I'll be your graceful reader of the poems. You two ready?
Chris: You may start whenever you will.
Yamato: I'm good too.
Momoyo: Then let's go! 'Girls in miniskirts. Shamelessly I stare and wait for a gust of wind.' By Kawakami Momoyo.
Yamato: Very impressive.
Momoyo: Hahaha. I could be a poet, if I do say so myself.
Chris: Hmmh...
Yamato: You're still staring at the cards?
Momoyo: Wow, that's some concentration. Little bro, you'd better take her seriously or you're going to lose.
Yamato: I intend to hold nothing back.
Momoyo: Then it's serious time. The real game starts now!
Momoyo: S-
Chris: Oh!
Momoyo: Su-
Chris: Got it!
Yamato: That was quick!
Momoyo: Sumi no e no kishi ni yoru nami...
Takuya: Huh? Wh-Whoa! Chris got the card, right?
Miyako: Yeah... She's good.
Takuya: Umm... Only one poem starts with 'su', right? So she knew it just by the starting sound.
Yamato: No, Moro. That's what I was doing.
Yamato: She reacted earlier, based solely on the initial 's' sound.
*She'd hovered her hand over the cards as soon as she'd heard the initial 's'.*
*She'd readied herself to hit whichever of the three poems that it could have been.*
Chris: I did tell you I adore Japanese culture.
Yamato: I see... I'm a little shocked.
Gakuto: Yamato's lookin' a bit bad. You think his fever's back?
Takuya: Oh, you noticed too? Yeah, I think he's struggling out there.
*In the end, I lost massively against Chris.*
Momoyo: The fourth round goes to Kuri!
*I would've lost even without the cold.*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... You're good.
Chris: Heheh. Your face is red. Are you that enraged?
*She stared at me defiantly, a hunger for victory in her eyes.*
*I couldn't wait to knock her off her perch.*
Shouichi: So it's 2-2 now? This is intense.
Miyako: Yamato, do you have a fever?
Momoyo: Oh. Let me feel your forehead.
Yamato: Don't worry about me...
Yamato: *Cough!*
Yukie: --!
Yukie: I-I can't stay quiet any longer. Matsukaze, I'm going to stop him!
Matsukaze: Go, Mayucchi! You've got this! Live your life like a bike and put that pedal to the metal! Climb that mountain -- but don't stop or else you'll fall off!
Kazuko: M-Mayucchi, what're you doing?!
Yukie: U-Um, Yamato didn't get a fever just now. He's... He's had an awfully high fever since the start!
Yamato: Hey, Mayucchi!
Yukie: He took medicine to keep his fever low enough that he could fight!
Yamato: Shut up.
Yukie: But, but... I can't stand to watch this any longer!
Yukie: Is a friend someone you let fight when he's sick? N-No, it can't be!
Yukie: A friend should be... Umm, I don't really know, but... But this isn't right, so...
Yukie: All I want is for you two to get along!
Yukie: *sniff*
Yamato: ...W-Wow.
Chris: Mayucchi...
Yukie: I-I'm sorry... I know you don't want to hear that from someone as new as me.
Yukie: But I... I had to say something.
Momoyo: Nah, you did good.
Shouichi: Yeah. We don't want you holding anything back on us.
Yukie: Huh...?
Momoyo: Bro, is she telling the truth?
Kazuko: Sheesh. You'll go on and on about the stupidest things, but then when you're in trouble, you keep it all to yourself.
Yamato: But if I'd said something, I'd have been doomed to defeat. Screw that.
Yamato: Like Mayucchi said, we should be friends. But to do that, Chris and I need this fight!
Yamato: There's no other way she'll ever accept me.
Yamato: So I can't back down. My pride depends on it.
Gakuto: I understand completely. You're a true man, Yamato.
Momoyo: You're such a kid.
Momoyo: Heheh. It's been ages since I last saw you acting this childish.
Yamato: Regardless, I can't let things end like this.
Yamato: ...Mayucchi, I'm sorry for making you worry so much.
Yamato: It... It couldn't have been fun, watching me out here.
Yamato: Chris, I have an idea.
Chris: Say it.
Yamato: We're tied 2-2 right now, so let's ride it all on the next round.
Chris: You propose shifting from a first-to-five to a first-to-three? I see no reason to object.
Yamato: So that's the deal, Mayucchi. We've shortened the match, so let me have this one last round. Please.
Yukie: A... All right. If this means that much to you.
Yamato: Sorry!
Kazuko: Way to go, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Huh...?
Momoyo: The next time you've got something on your mind, scream it from the rooftops.
Yukie: Aww...?
Shouichi: You don't gotta hold back on us just 'cause you're a year younger.
Miyako: Yes, exactly. All your timidity does is worry us.
Miyako: I think you struck the perfect balance just now.
Yukie: O-Okay...
Yukie: (C-Could it be...?)
Yukie: (Did they accept me?)
Gakuto: I think you probably have the right idea.
Yukie: Gakuto-san?
Gakuto: You did it, Mayucchi. You just plucked his nose hair.
Takuya: Why does nothing you say ever make sense?
Yukie: Yes, I did!
Takuya: Wait, you got that?!
Yukie: Thank you very much!
Gakuto: But you've still got that same look on your face.
Yukie: Hauuh?!
Yamato: So, the next match will be our last.
Chris: Indeed. Draw away, Yamato.
Yamato: (I'm in a tough spot, but I can still win this.)
*I prayed to God for luck as I drew.*
Yamato: A downhill sprint from the summit.
Yamato: ...This is what I get for only praying when I need something.
Shouichi: Oh man. Everything's on the line, and you drew that?
Momoyo: It's a race from the observation deck at the summit to all the way back here.
Miyako: How can Yamato win that?
Momoyo: We thought that through. There are two checkpoints set up halfway down the mountain.
Momoyo: You need to go to one of them, answer a question there, and get a signed ball.
Chris: We will be quizzed? Then intellect is required as well.
Momoyo: Yep. The checkpoint along the road has tough questions, while the one out in the woods has easy ones.
Momoyo: It's your pick. Where and how you run is up to you, so long as you don't catch a ride. Interfering with your opponent is also banned.
Chris: What if you do not know the answer to a question?
Momoyo: Just ask for a new one. Same thing if you get it wrong. However, you'll have to wait one minute before you can get the next question.
Chris: A full minute is quite the loss... I see I cannot take them lightly.
Momoyo: The categories will be world history, Japanese history, general trivia, math, and physics. You can choose whichever you want.
Shouichi: Also, you can name a partner.
Yamato: A partner?
Shouichi: They'll be someone to help you on the quizzes, or to cross the finish line for you.
Shouichi: Either you, or your partner -- whoever it is must get this signed ball past the goal's finish line to win.
Yamato: So if I wanted, I could leave everything to my partner?
Shouichi: Sure, a win's a win. I'll be chillin' at the goal while Mayucchi and Moro are handlin' checkpoints. Momo-senpai and Gakuto will be the race's judges.
Yamato: Hm? But that leaves...
Shouichi: One of these two will be your partner.
Kazuko: Yay!
Miyako: Yay.
Yamato: I would happily rely on either of them.
Shouichi: Flip a coin, Yamato. You get Wanko if it's heads and Miyako if it's tails.
Miyako: Tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails tails...
Yamato: Stop trying to curse me. It'll only backfire.
Momoyo: Little bro, you know what'll happen if you try to rig the flip, right?
Yamato: Ooh... Ugh, then fine!
*Heads.*
Miyako: You're the worst.
Yamato: What do you want from me? The odds were 50-50.
Miyako: Excuses are so lame.
*And now she was sulking.*
Kazuko: Let's do our best, Yamato! I'll run at full power.
Yamato: Yep. We're in this to win it.
Kazuko: Yeah!
Chris: Miyako, are you thinking about going easy so that Yamato might win?
Miyako: That's a good idea.
Chris: Then this is rigged!
Miyako: Oh, relax. I won't sully this match. You have my full support.
Chris: I-I see.
Miyako: (We'll defeat Yamato, and then when he's at his lowest, I'll be there to console him... Heh heh.)
*A dark chill ran up my spine -- it must be Miyako.*
Momoyo: All right then. To the summit!
Yamato: This race is already getting annoying...
*I tried walking. My mind was out of it, but I could still put one foot in front of the other.*
*And I could do so at a decent clip, too.*
*Everything came down to my teamwork with Wanko.*
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: I'll be okay.
Yukie: Uuh, you even sound sick now.
Chris: Now is your last opportunity to stop.
Momoyo: But you're not backing down now, right?
Yamato: Japanese men don't back down.
Gakuto: That's a man's pride right there.
Chris: Pride, you say?
Yamato: When I care about winning, I take pride in knowing I can and will.
Yamato: And right now, I care a lot.
Chris: Heh... Interesting. But I am afraid I am going to shatter that pride of yours.
*Chris looked truly ready.*
Miyako: So Chris, what do we do? What's the plan?
Chris: Will you be able to follow my pace all the way?
Miyako: I think you'd beat me in endurance.
Chris: Then run with me full speed to the closest checkpoint. Once you have helped with the quiz, I shall handle the rest.
Miyako: A straightforward plan. All right. The other checkpoint is too far anyways.
Chris: Do you have any idea what Yamato's team will do?
Miyako: With his cold, won't he have to rely on Wanko?
Chris: Indeed. He surely will not be able to run far on his own.
Yamato: Sounds like they're coming up with a plan.
Kazuko: Yamato, I saw you grab that map. Let me see!
Yamato: Ah.
Kazuko: Hmm. You can go through the woods here and here.
Kazuko: That shortcut'd be way better than trying to follow the road.
Yamato: It's good to see you haven't been running through the mountains for nothing. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Eheheh. Aren't I super dependable?
Yamato: Absolutely. This will really help us out. We'll make it to the nearby checkpoint in no time.
Kazuko: Well, that sounds good. Leave the rest to me.
Yamato: Listen. You need to hurry ahead to the checkpoint along the road.
Yamato: I'll be using the same shortcut and going as fast as I can, but I need you to start attempting the quiz as soon as you get there.
Kazuko: All right. And I call you as soon as I'm there?
Yamato: Yeah. That way, I don't have to be physically present to answer the quiz.
Yamato: But out here in the mountains, there's no guarantee we'll have a signal. So I'll hurry down to the checkpoint, too.
Kazuko: Okay! I can remember that!
Yamato: Additionally, in the event we're both there to solve the quiz...
Yamato: I have five different plans, depending on the situation. Memorize them.
Kazuko: Five?! Can't you bring it down to at least three? Five's too many!
Yamato: Nope. You're going to have to do your best to remember all five!
Kazuko: Wahhh, don't scare me...
Kazuko: Fine. I'll try to remember.
Yamato: I'll repeat them until we get to the peak. Listen closely.
Chris: He is single-mindedly whispering something in Dog's ear.
Miyako: Shit! Why can't that be my ear?
Chris: Are you certain you are on my side?
*............*
Yamato: Do you have them all down? What's plan 4?
Kazuko: Um... Run at breakneck speeds down the mountain road?
Yamato: That's plan 5! Come on!
*I flicked her forehead.*
Kazuko: Ow! I-I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
Kazuko: Uh, um, I got this...
Kazuko: Oh, plan 4 is when we're ahead of them, so we keep things easy and go straight along the road.
Yamato: Yeah, it's nice and simple. But well done remembering.
*I kindly patted her head and gave her meat.*
Kazuko: *om nom nom* Delicious.
Yamato: I know you can do this. You're the best. I'm counting on you.
Kazuko: Yep, yep! I can do it if I try!
Yamato: Okay, let's keep going. What's plan 2?
Kazuko: Uh, um, I got this...
Yamato: Do you need another flick on the forehead?
Kazuko: Waaaaah! I'll remember, just give me a second!
*I spent every minute before the round started drilling Wanko.*
*Meanwhile, Moro and Mayucchi arrived at their checkpoints.*
Yukie: So this is the out-of-the-way checkpoint.
Yukie: I will see this task through! After all, I feel so energized right now!
Matsukaze: You've got the spirit... You've got the drive... Watch out world, it's Mayucchi time!
*--Meanwhile, at the mountaintop.*
Momoyo: I'll be responsible for overseeing the match.
Momoyo: If Yamato starts looking too ill, I'll stop it then and there.
Yamato: Okay. I'll leave that decision to you, Nee-san.
Yamato: Chris, this is for all the marbles.
*I raised my fist to her.*
Chris: I accept the challenge!
*Chris bumped her fist into mine.*
Momoyo: All right! Final round! Go!
Kazuko: Raaahhhhhhhhh!!!
Chris: Haaahhhh!!!
Miyako: I'm with you!
Yamato: I'm going as fast as I can!
Momoyo: Little bro.
Yamato: ...?
Momoyo: Good luck. I'll be a fair judge, but I'm cheering you on.
Yamato: Just you wait, Nee-san. I picked this battle. I'm going to win.
*I followed after the girls.*
Momoyo: Heheh. You really do hate to lose.
*............*
Chris: What? You went into the woods? Well done, Dog.
Miyako: She's probably taking a shortcut!
Chris: What should we do, Miyako?
Miyako: Do you know the way through the woods?
Chris: To be honest, no.
Miyako: Regardless, she will surely struggle with the quiz.
Miyako: We should keep steadily going along the road.
Chris: Agreed.
Miyako: ...I'm sure Yamato will use the shortcut as well.
Miyako: This might be close.
*The checkpoint along the road.*
Kazuko: Yay! I'm first!
Takuya: Whoa, I didn't see you there! Where'd you come from?
Kazuko: The mountains are my backyard. So Moro, ask me the question!
Takuya: Okay. First, tell me the category you want.
Kazuko: I don't know why, but physics!
Takuya: Given 1 mole of an ideal gas with pressure P, volume V, and temperature T in Kelvin, use Boyle's Law and Charles's Law to--
Kazuko: Hey, speak Japanese!
Takuya: Why did you pick physics in the first place?! Are you stupid?!
Kazuko: Oh, Yamato's calling me.
Yamato: Are you there? Tell me what the question is!
Kazuko: Umm, it's about boils on a mole?
Yamato: You were supposed to choose Japanese history!!! What was that, physics?!
Kazuko: Waahhhhh! I'm sorry!!!
Yamato: Anyway, I'm on my way!
Takuya: Well... You'll have to wait a minute for the next question.
Kazuko: Nnngh. This minute is going to last forever.
Takuya: ...And that's a minute. Okay, what category would you like next?
Kazuko: Japanese history! Oh, hold on. I'll call him first.
Kazuko: Then you can tell Yamato the question directly.
Kazuko: ...Waahhhh! His phone's out of range of the towers!
Kazuko: I guess I'll have to do it myself!
Takuya: Then here's the question. Who was the 13th shogun of the Edo shogunate?!
Kazuko:  Oda Nobunaga!
Takuya: Don't change history! You should at least know that the Tokugawas ruled during the Edo Shogunate!
Kazuko: Wh-Wh-Why do minutes take so long?
Chris: ...There's the checkpoint!
Kazuko: Ugh, they caught up!
Miyako: Chris, what category should we choose? World history?
Chris: My choice is Japanese history, of course!
Miyako: Why am I not surprised?
Takuya: The 8th shogun of the Edo shogunate, Tokugawa Yoshimune, worked hard to stabilize the price of rice. Therefore, what did people call him?
Miyako: That's an easy one.
Chris: Hahaha, victory will be ours. Please, allow me the honors.
Miyako: Okay, go ahead.
Chris:  The Violent Shogun!
Takuya: Incorrect. Please wait one minute for your next question.
Miyako: No, they called him the Rice Shogun.
Chris: They did?!
Kazuko: Whew...
Chris: ...Perhaps this is not my forte.
Miyako: I'll handle this. We'll go with plan 2.
Chris: Plan 2. Understood. Commencing operation.
Kazuko: Huh? Why'd Kuri leave?
Kazuko: Oh, is she going for the other checkpoint?!
*............*
*I cut through the woods and reached the checkpoint.*
Yamato: Oh, Wanko! How's it going?
Kazuko: Neither of us is yet to get one right. But it's almost my turn again.
Kazuko: Kuri was here a little while ago, but then she left.
Yamato: Where'd she go?
Kazuko: She ran down the road, so maybe the other checkpoint?
Yamato: That place is simply too far away. Going there would be stupid.
Kazuko: Right? She's probably not even there yet.
Miyako: Yamato... Are you sure you're not too sick? You look a bit...
Yamato: I'm a guy. I can handle it!
Takuya: Yamato, it's time for your question. Japanese history?
Yamato: Yeah. I hate physics, but you can hit me with anything else!
Takuya: What are the 3rd and the 8th articles of the Joei Shikimoku about?
Yamato: The 3rd article concerns duties of the provincial constables, and the 8th article concerns deeds to land.
Takuya: Well done, that's right! Here's the signed ball.
*It was a baseball with Nee-san's signature on it.*
Miyako: Moro, it's been a minute for me too. Western history, please.
Kazuko: Ohh, so this is the ball. You're amazing, Yamato!
Yamato: We've won now.
Kazuko: Yeah. Even if Miyako gets it right now, I can outrun her.
Takuya: Which Roman Republic politician was assassinated by pro-Caesar forces?
Miyako: Cicero.
Takuya: Yes, that's right. Here's the signed ball. Well done yourself, Miyako.
Kazuko: Okay, Miyako. Let's race.
Yamato: Hahaha. It's all on you, Wanko.
Miyako: Your lack of urgency will cost you the match.
Kazuko: Huh?
Miyako: Chris didn't go to the other checkpoint, but rather much further down the mountain.
Miyako: So all I have to do now...
Yamato: Shoot! Wanko, plan 3! Now!
Kazuko: Huh? Wha? But we've got this in the bag.
Miyako: ...is throw the ball!
*Miyako threw the ball far into the distance.*
*And where did it fall?*
Chris: There it is! (She caught it cleanly.)
Chris: Excellently done, Miyako. I am glad to have you as my partner.
Kazuko: Oh no! Kuri must've caught the ball down below!
*Wanko quickly started running down the road.*
Miyako: The only condition for winning is for one player to cross the finish line with a ball in hand.
Yamato: Not bad. You had this planned out ever since you found out the item was a ball?
Miyako: If I had my bow and arrow, I could have shot it even further.
Yamato: Chris has too much of a lead... I guess that's that.
Miyako: Heheheh. It's not your fault.
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: You did well for having a cold. There, there.
Miyako: I'll nurse you and console you. You can leave it to me.
Yamato: Um, I'm going to use the bathroom.
Miyako: ...You're running away again.
Miyako: Are you feeling all right? Can you lower the zipper by yourself?
Yamato: Don't worry! Just don't follow me, pervert!
Miyako: You meanie... All I wanted was to lower your pants.
Miyako: I could've 'accidentally' pulled down your underwear too, and then... (She got lost in her own fantasy.)
*............*
Chris: Heheh. I can sense Dog making a noble attempt to overtake me.
Chris: But she is at least 150 meters away. This ought to be easy.
Chris: Oh...? Goodness, she fell! Is she all right?
Chris: Mm, she stood up. She must be all right.
Chris: ...Huh?
Chris: She is running too slowly. And with a limp... Dog, did you hurt yourself?
Chris: Heheh. Then I no longer have anything to worry about.
Chris: This will be a nice, refreshing jog.
*............*
Miyako: ...Yamato's late.
Miyako: How far did he go?
Miyako: ...Ahhhh!!!
Takuya: I really thought you'd figure it out sooner, Miyako.
Miyako: Did you know the whole time, Moro?
Takuya: I watched it happen.
Takuya: While you threw your ball, Wanko gave hers to Yamato.
Miyako: So Yamato has the ball...
Takuya: Yamato then hid the ball under his clothes.
Miyako: But I don't understand. If Wanko's at her heels, Chris would never run at anything less than her full pace. What point was there in switching?
Takuya: I got a text from Gakuto earlier.
Takuya: He was worried about Wanko because he saw her trip and hurt herself on the road.
Miyako: If Chris saw the same thing...
Takuya: Then she might relax and take it easy. After all, she's absolutely convinced Wanko has the ball.
Miyako: I have to call her phone... But I don't know Chris's number!
Miyako: No matter how many shortcuts he takes, he shouldn't be able to outrun Chris.
Miyako: But Yamato's my hero. He just might be able to do it.
Takuya: Your desire to win's fighting against your desire to see him excel, isn't it?
*............*
*I sprinted through the woods.*
Yamato: *Cough!* *cough cough*
*Honestly, my cold had gotten so bad I could barely think.*
*But I couldn't stop. If I did, I didn't know if I could start running again.*
Yamato: Huff, huff... I won't lose!
*Chris had taken me lightly.*
*So I needed to pulverize her, so she would never think that way again.*
*Raw stubbornness was all that kept me going.*
*I knew in my heart that trick wouldn't cause her to drastically slow down.*
*So in the end, everything depended on me.*
Yamato: Huff, huff, huff...
*I... I didn't feel like myself, all covered in sweat.*
*Thank goodness nobody was watching.*
*...Why did I care so much about that at a time like this, anyways?*
*Those stupid thoughts occupied my mind as I ran.*
*And...*
Yamato: I'm here...
*This was the place where Nee-san had thrown me into the river.*
*Diving into the river from here would be a massive shortcut.*
*But it was so far down, and I knew full well how cold May rivers were. Not to mention the fever.*
*I hesitated for a moment, but...*
Yamato: But my unwavering will shall provide as I journey on into the darkness!
*It was one of my favorite sayings.*
Yamato: This is stupid, but I still don't wanna lose!
*I screamed as I jumped.*
*............*
Shouichi: Chris, this way! You win once you tag me!
Chris: Heh, there is the goal. Dog is a long ways behind me.
Chris: Sick though you may have been, you fought poorly, Naoe Yamato.
Shouichi: Yamato, this way. You win once you tag me!
Chris: Huh?! Why would he be addressing Yamato? I do not see him.
*Then she spotted me running from upriver.*
Chris: Ah?! Why? Yes, Dog has the ball, so...
*She turned around.*
*Far behind her, she saw Kazuko smiling ear to ear.*
Chris: What have I done?!
*Chris broke into a full-on sprint.*
*But she was too late.*
Yamato: I'm gonna win!!!
Shouichi: Bwuh?! You're gonna jump on me?!
Momoyo: Hey, don't avoid him!
Shouichi: Tch. Fine then. Bring it on!
*Chris reached out her hand, but it was too late.*
*I charged into Capt.*
Shouichi: Dwah! You're soaking wet!
Momoyo: Yamato wins!
Chris: Kh. I lost...?
Yamato: Heh, yeah... *wheeze* Huff... You lose.
Chris: Mmmngh...
*............*
Chris: ...I see. So that was your plan.
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Wanko, nice acting back there.
Kazuko: Ahaha. I fell a little bit too well, and started bleeding.
Yamato: Thanks.
Kazuko: Heh hem. A little hard work, and I can do anything.
Momoyo: Hey. Stay still, Wanko. I can't treat you if you keep moving.
Kazuko: Oof! The disinfectant stings so much!
Momoyo: Yamato was gutsy out there, Kuri, but you lost because of your mistake.
Chris: ...After I saw Dog fall, I let my guard down.
Chris: Had I continued at full speed, I would not have lost.
Chris: That is indisputably my failing.
Yamato: Do you... *wheeze* Huff, do you understand my talents now?
Chris: ...Yes.
Chris: Forgive me. You have strength in you.
Chris: I realize now how inexperienced I truly am.
Yamato: Heheh. That's all I ask. That's all I...
Yamato: ... (I slumped to the ground.)
Kazuko: Oh, I thought he'd pushed himself to his limit.
Miyako: I'll tend to him. First, we need to take his temperature.
Takuya: And why does that require you to put your hand down his crotch?
*............*
Yukie: When one of them arrives...
Yukie: ...I'll greet them with a smile and say, 'Here's your question!'
Yukie: How was that, Matsukaze? How am I doing?
Matsukaze: You're gettin' good! I knew you had it in ya, girl! That eloquence'll getcha the summer beach all to yourself!
Yukie: I'll read out the question perfectly!
Matsukaze: Our heroine of the day's Mayucchi!
Gakuto: Hey, the match already ended. They want us to gather up.
Yukie: Awawaw!
*............*
*............*
Yamato: Mm... Mn? Where am I...?
*When I finally regained consciousness, everyone was eating lunch together.*
Miyako: You're finally awake. You slept about two hours.
Yamato: Right... I...
*Miyako must've rested my head on her lap.*
Yamato: Ohh, I still feel faint...
Miyako: I brought some medicine for you. Hamph.
Yamato: Why are you putting the medicine in your mouth?!
Miyako: Mmn... (For mouth-to-mouth.)
Yamato: You've got the real one in your other hand.
Miyako: Aw, you noticed. I was so close.
Yamato: *gulp* It just looked that way...
Momoyo: C'mon, Kuri. Give us your phone number already.
Chris: Sure. A moment, please.
Chris: ...Okay, I am sending it now.
Kazuko: Okay, okay.
Takuya: Yeah, I got it.
Miyako: No problem here either.
Kazuko: Wahaha! Kuri's email address has 'edo' in it!
Chris: Heheh. I used the name of the shogunate.
Takuya: That's not something to be proud of!
Gakuto: I'm not gettin' it. Can you come closer?
Chris: Here, let me try again.
Shouichi: Sweet, I've got it.
Gakuto: But I'm not!
Chris: Well, I see no problem with you not knowing it.
Gakuto: A-Are you kidding me? You're makin' me, Gakuto, the only man out?
Gakuto: Women are too scary... I'm startin' to think going for men might be a good idea.
Takuya: Hey, Chris! Tell Gakuto your number before he goes on a rampage!
Chris: One last time. Go!
Gakuto: Yes, yes! It is mine! Hahaha, women rock!
Yukie: ...Ohhh.
Yukie: M-Matsukaze. What is this number sharing thing?
Matsukaze: Whoa. Mayucchi, how'd you get into this academy without knowin' that?
Yukie: That's... depressing.
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, let's buy you a cell phone on the way back.
Yukie: Huh...?
Shouichi: How're we supposed to get a hold of you otherwise? When I call the gang, we gotta make sure you show up.
Kazuko: Don't worry. The cheap phones are dirt cheap.
Takuya: Yep. I mean, there's a monthly bill, but as long as you don't rack up minutes, you'll be fine.
Chris: I think I too will accompany you to the store, Mayucchi.
Yukie: E-Everyone... I-I...
Yukie: I'm so happy... Thank you. Thank you so much.
Takuya: And Matsukaze will finally get to fulfill his role as a cell phone strap.
Matsukaze: ...
Takuya: Huh? You didn't say anything.
Yukie: Ahhh, I'm so happy! Spring has come to my heart.
Momoyo: Looks like our ventriloquist's too happy to do her act.
*Everyone laughed.*
Yamato: She's fitting in smoothly.
Shouichi: We gotta give them Wanko Whistles later.
Chris: You still look rather pale.
Yamato: The medicine should kick in soon.
Yukie: For the time being, maybe you shouldn't move around too much.
Yamato: Okay.
*Chris wasn't as stern as she had been, and Mayucchi was giving her opinions.*
*Then they were truly members of our group.*
Shouichi: Sweet. All that's left is to entrust you two with the Soul of Kawakami.
Chris: Soul of Kawakami?
Momoyo: It's a poem that goes like this.
Momoyo: I walk the endless wilds before me, turning away from the glow of the city.
Momoyo: There are no miracles, no path to guide me, only the night.
Momoyo: But my unwavering will shall provide as I journey on into the darkness.
Momoyo: This is the Soul of Kawakami.
Gakuto: It's a manly poem about venturin' into the unknown.
Kazuko: It even moves a girl like me. Though, I wish it weren't so long.
Shouichi: 'Keep pushing forward' is what we say for short.
Chris: Keep pushing forward...
Yukie: To continue forth even in the face of adversity, then?
Chris: An excellent saying, one rich with the will to advance.
Momoyo: When things get tough, say it.
Momoyo: You've got friends along with you on the journey. That'll give you strength.
Shouichi: Keep those words forever in your heart, and there's nothing else to say.
Takuya: Hey, Yamato and Miyako are here, so let's have a toast.
Momoyo: Nice idea. Everyone, grab a drink.
Gakuto: Here, Yamato. You want oolong tea, right?
Yamato: Yeah. Miyako, you'll be having some, too?
Miyako: Yeah. I want my drink to match Yamato's.
Chris: Mayucchi, we are having a toast.
Yukie: Oh, y-yes! I'm sorry, I was so happy I stopped paying attention.
Kazuko: Everyone got the message. Capt!
Shouichi: Um, as we reach the time of year when the young leaves bless us with their scent--
Kazuko: That's too formal!
Gakuto: What are you, our elementary school principal?!
Shouichi: Fine, fine. Then I'll keep it concise. Ahem.
Shouichi: ...Let's have fun. That's all we need.
Shouichi:  Cheers!
Momoyo: Cheers!
Kazuko: Cheers!
Miyako: Cheers!
Yukie: Cheers!
Chris: Cheers!
Gakuto: Cheers!
Takuya: Cheers!
*We clinked our nine glasses together...*
*...and so gave birth to the new Kazama Family.*
*............*
*We decided to spend the afternoon sightseeing.*
*We took a boat across Lake Ashi.*
Kazuko: Yahoo! This feels great!
*Wanko was having the time of her life at the bow.*
Shouichi: It's awesome up here at the front! The wind blowing through my hair like I'm an explorer of old!
*The boat continued to the heart of the lake.*
Kazuko: I love how they designed it to look like a pirate ship!
Shouichi: Don't you wanna fire the cannons at all the little boats around us?
Yamato: You know there's no actual weapons on this ship, right?
Kazuko: Aww, there's not?
Chris: Yamato, are you feeling well enough to stand out in the wind?
Yamato: Yeah. The medicine's really helping.
Kazuko: Oh! I think that's another pirate ship coming towards us!
Shouichi: That's the ship coming from the other side.
Kazuko: Yay!!! Yay!!!
*Wanko waved her hand energetically...*
Kinu: Yahoooooo!!!
*...and someone on the other ship waved back.*
Yamato: Hahaha. There's someone like her in every group.
Shouichi: They looked like a group of four college friends.
Chris: We can see the opposite shore now.
Kazuko: We're there already? That's boring.
Chris: I believe you can tour the checkpoint. I cannot wait.
Shouichi: Wow, that's some refined taste you've got there.
Yamato: There's nothing wrong with that. I want to see it too.
Shouichi: What the heck? You finish your match, and now you think you can just agree about things? No fair!
Kazuko: Ahahaha. But it's great that they're getting along.
Shouichi: So you know, Chris...
Chris: Hm...?
Shouichi: Do you accept Wanko for who she is?
Chris: Yes.
Kazuko: Well, I accept you too! So I guess that's that!
Shouichi: Earlier, you accepted Yamato, too.
Chris: Right.
Shouichi: What about me, your Capt?
Chris: ...I suppose.
Shouichi: Hey, that doesn't sound right! Okay, then you're having a match with me too! I'll make you accept me!
Chris: No, there is no need. I accept you.
Shouichi: Then why do you sound so monotone?! I can't stand this! Fight me, dammit!
*Capt charged at Chris.*
Chris: What are you doing?! Rimon Chouchuu! (She hit him with a sideways elbow strike.)
Shouichi: Gwah!
Yamato: Oh, she knocked him up.
Kazuko: She's going for the air combo.
Chris: Your rudeness knows no bounds! Tetsuzankou! (She charged with her shoulder.)
Kazuko: Uhh... Why'd you have to tackle him into the distance?
Shouichi: Waaahhhh! I'm the Capt!
*Our leader plummeted into the lake.*
Kazuko: Ahahaha, amazing. Everybody's watching him.
Yamato: Good grief. This really shouldn't be a laughing matter.
Kazuko: Mmm, the breeze really is nice.
Yamato: One of our friends is in the lake, and that's how you react?
*She was Nee-san's sister all right, even if they weren't related by blood.*
*--In the guest room.*
Male Tourist: Why did the ship stop?
Female Tourist: Apparently, a boy wearing a bandana fell into the lake.
Yukie: Huh? If he's wearing a bandana... Could it be?
Momoyo: I can't think of anyone else.
Takuya: There he goes dragging everyone into his messes again.
Miyako: Just act cool and pretend you didn't notice.
Gakuto: That's the clever thing to do.
*............*
*By 4 p.m. we had already finished our sightseeing.*
*We decided to go down to the bus stop and wait for our ride.*
Shouichi: Ugh... Man, first Yamato dives into the river, and now I get shot into the lake.
Takuya: Thank goodness you got off only with a scolding.
Shouichi: Chris, you gotta learn to hold back.
Chris: Apologies. I just cannot help myself when they are hanging in the air in front of me.
Momoyo: It's in your nature to try to rack up damage when you can.
Kazuko: Maybe we should be focusing more on how Capt attacked her out of the blue.
Takuya: The bus should be here soon. Nice going managing our schedule, Yamato.
Yamato: When the trip home goes smoothly, you can spend the time thinking back on all the fun you had.
Fortune Teller: Hello... You, over there... The one shining with such brilliant light.
*Someone called out to us from behind.*
Gakuto: You must mean me.
Fortune Teller: No, not you. The one with the bandana.
*It was an old fortune teller by the side of the road.*
Shouichi: Me?
Fortune Teller: Ohh... You have a wonderful semblance.
Fortune Teller: You are charming. Not as a man, but as a person.
Fortune Teller: And most of all, you are blessed with the devil's own luck.
Shouichi: Oh, you tryin' to flatter me to get my money?
Fortune Teller: Fortune telling is what puts bread on my table, yes.
Fortune Teller: What do you say? Would you like for me to tell you all your fortunes?
Shouichi: Sorry, but I'm not forking over any cash.
Yamato: Our bus is coming soon. I'm sorry.
Fortune Teller: I see. Then I will do it for free.
Fortune Teller: That is how intriguing I find your semblance.
Shouichi: Then we'll do it! Oh, and I already know I've got bad luck with water.
Miyako: The second you learn it's free... There you go again.
*We told the old fortune teller our names.*
Fortune Teller: I use tarot cards in my craft.
Takuya: Oh, the bus is here. We have to go.
Fortune Teller: A pitty. I nearly had the results.
Fortune Teller: The cards can reveal different images depending on the person, in the same way that no two semblances are the same.
*The old man kept flipping the tarot cards.*
Fortune Teller: Ohh. Each of you has a brilliant future in store.
Shouichi: Good to hear it. Sorry to dash off before you were done, but-- Bye!
*We all began boarding the bus.*
Yukie: Thank you very much.
*'Hmm, this one will overcome her tirals...' The old man continued to flip more cards.*
*I was the last one to get on the bus.*
Fortune Teller: Now, this will be the final card...
Fortune Teller: ...Haa?!
Fortune Teller: Nine minus one. One of you shall be drawn away. Yet The World reveals itself to represent your group... Then not all is lost.
Yamato: ...?
Gakuto: Hey, Yamato! Get on the bus already!
Yamato: I'm coming! Sorry, but I've got to go.
*The door shut behind me.*
Fortune Teller: ...You must listen. One amongst you will be--
*He continued to speak, but I could no longer hear him over the bus's engine.*
Fortune Teller: You cannot leave that person alone, lest disaster come to pass.
Yamato: Huh? Who's the one we can't leave alone?
*Nothing he was saying made any sense.*
*But soon, he vanished from sight.*
Fortune Teller: ...There they go.
Fortune Teller: I must pray they remain close, and that they manage to overcome their trials.
Fortune Teller: Thus will the arrow of destiny miss its mark, leaving my fortune to seem like nothing more than the addled ramblings of a roadside charlatan.
*............*
*--Late at night, in the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: We're home!
Tadakatsu: Yo.
Cookie: Welcome back, Meister.
Shouichi: We had a bit of an adventure. I even got knocked into the lake!
Yamato: While I dove into the river and caught a cold.
Tadakatsu: You guys ever have normal trips?!
Yukie: But it was fun!
Chris: Truly.
Miyako: The trip doesn't end until I'm back in my room. (She walked off briskly.)
Tadakatsu: Oh, Chris... Mind if I call you Chris?
Chris: What is it, Minamoto-dono?
Tadakatsu: Dono? That don't feel right.
Tadakatsu: Anyways, there's a package for you. Here.
Chris: It is from Mar-san. What could it be?
Tadakatsu: Whatever it is, it's yours now. So Naoe, where's my souvenir?
Yamato: It's standing right in front of you.
Tadakatsu: Oh, you got me a punching bag?
Yamato: I'm kidding. I'll bring it to your room later, so can you prepare some snacks?
Tadakatsu: Tch. Don't get cocky. I'll let you off the hook this time, but next time, you're dead.
Tadakatsu: Guess I'll at least be nice enough to ask if you'd rather have Japanese or Western snacks.
Yamato: Something Western, please.
Cookie: So Meister, what's my souvenir?
Shouichi: A tapestry, signed by me.
Cookie: How can you get me something that tasteless?! You could've brought anything from Hakone, too! Are you making fun of me?!
Cookie 2: This indiscretion must be punished.
Shouichi: Why the heck are you transforming now? Stop, stop!
Cookie 2: No, my meister. That is one order I cannot obey.
Cookie 2: Now, the hour of your punishment is at hand!
*Cookie chased after Capt.*
*............*
Yamato: Whew. Hermy, Crabba, you doing okay?
*I confirmed that they were all right.*
Yamato: I never doubted you, Gen-san... And my room's cleaner than when I left.
Tadakatsu: Yeah, I cleaned it. Better than havin' a cockroach infestation 'cause you can't keep your shit clean.
Yamato: So, what's up with the tray full of cake and tea?
Tadakatsu: The cake? I got stuck with another one. It's too big for me to finish by myself.
Tadakatsu: Share it with the girls upstairs. It probably tastes fine.
Yamato: That's really thoughtful of you. Thank you so much. (I made a call.)
Yamato: Hey, Miyako? I'm bringing cake, grant me permission to head upstairs.
*............*
Chris: I wonder what Mar-san sent me.
Chris: Ohhh... M-My goodness!
Chris: I have been looking everywhere for this stuffed animal!
Chris: And it is the real one, I am sure of it.
Chris: This must be as an apology for the trouble she caused us... Yet now I feel indebted.
Chris: Ohh... *stare*
Chris: Ahh!
Chris: Ahhhhhh, it is too cute!
Chris: I just want to hug you and squeeze you all night!
Chris: Ummh Hahaha (She happily flapped her legs.)
Chris: Ahaha: Hm...?
Yamato: ...Um, I brought cake?
Chris: Uh... Uh...
Yamato: Um... How do I put this... I didn't mean to see that. I did knock, and you didn't reply but I heard your voice, so...
Chris: Yamato...
*Her face turned redder by the second.*
Yamato: Still, your room, it's...
*JUST*
*      TOO*
*          WEIRD!*
Yamato: A blend of Japanese culture and stuffed animals? Heh heh.
Yamato: I'm sorry, but, uh... mind if I laugh?
Chris: I-I do mind... Do not laugh...
Chris: All I did was hug my teddy b--
Yamato: Your teddy bear???!!!
*I burst out laughing.*
Chris: ...Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: Hahahahaha. C-C'mon, calm down!
Yamato: Your teddy bears are watching! Hahaha!
Chris: Ghh! I certainly may have accepted you as a man...
Chris: But I still cannot stand that aspect of your personality! Time to fix it! Here is your punishment!
**Smack! *Smack! *Smack!**
Yamato: O-Ouch! But I can't help myself -- you're just too funny!
Chris: Do you have any idea how rude you are being?!
Yamato: It hurts, Teddy.
Chris: Yeargh! What is with you?!
*She kept stomping on me for a good minute.*
*............*
Yamato: Man... I'm all beat up, but it was worth it to see something that funny.
*I was glad Chris had joined our group.*
*Mayucchi was doing her best, too.*
*As I relaxed alone, simply watching the hermit crabs...*
*...I occasionally received a call from one of the people I knew.*
*I made sure to answer, to deepen my relationships, to build up those connections.*
Yamato: Hey, Shimokitazawa-kun.
Shimokitazawa: Yo. How you doin', Yamato-chan?
Yamato: I'm doing good. What's up?
*Shimokitazawa-kun was a friend I'd met online.*
*He had a boatload of stories about the many women he'd wooed.*
*He was so mature that I could hardly believe we were the same age.*
*Conversations with people like him could be shocking, sometimes.*
Shimokitazawa: So my man Yamato-chan, you finally done it? It's high time you got yourself a girl.
Yamato: I still haven't found the one. Though I have met several more.
Shimokitazawa: Aw, still? C'mon, Yamato-chan. You gotta do better.
Shimokitazawa: Go out and get one. Summer's comin'. Summer!
Yamato: How are things with you?
Shimokitazawa: Couldn't be better. I got three bitches lovin' me.
*He'd never seen a pretty lady he hadn't wanted to tap.*
Shimokitazawa: Ain't there some bitch you know who seems like girlfriend material?
Yamato: Well, I do have a few in mind.
Shimokitazawa: Then you gotta start narrowin' down from there.
Shimokitazawa: Lemme give you some advice. Fuck a girl and then she's yours.
Yamato: That seems a little extreme.
Shimokitazawa: Says the virgin.
Shimokitazawa: Look, you've first gotta get yourself a girl.
*He hung up.*
Yamato: A girlfriend, huh?
*Several girls came to mind.*
*An older sister and ledgendary warrior.    Kawakami Momoyo.*
*Our super peppy mascot.    Kawakami Kazuko.*
*An ice queen who already gave her heart to me.    Shiina Miyako.*
*A timid yet kind and homely girl.    Mayuzumi Yukie.*
*The stubborn transfer student with a funny side.    Chris.*
Yamato: I can't believe it... They're all samurai girls.
*Every one of them was dripping with individuality.*
*And they were also dear friends.*
*If things were to advance to the next level, it would take a lot of effort.*
*Well, maybe with one exception.*
*Additionally, Ogasawara-san and Amakasu-san, two of my classmates, were of interest.*
*And of course Ms. Ume was beautiful, but as my teacher she was out of reach.*
*Well, I was free to take things at my own pace.*
*The nine of us were having plenty of fun right now.*
*We were so close that I could imagine us staying together forever.*
*...Could some romance blossom in the end?*
*Whatever happened next, life was going to have one crazy turn after another.*
*............*
*--Kawakami City, the industrial district.*
*Here, at the entrance to that more uncouth part of the city, construction crews were hard at work building a 12-story recreational facility.*
*Once complete, people would be able to come here to watch movies, sing karaoke, play games and darts, and even watch live performances.*
*There were even restaurants and bars in this youth paradise.*
Builder 1: It's finally all coming together.
Builder 2: Yeah... It's opening up in the fall. That gives us plenty of time for the finishing touches.
Builder 2: Kids these days sure are lucky, getting places like this to hang out.
Builder 1: You think? I figure I had more fun playing down by the river than I could've had in here.
Builder 2: Haha, you're not wrong.
Builder 1: All the same, this place has got one distinctive name.
*Child's Palace.*
Builder 1: It's got a cute name, but the place doesn't look cute at all. There's no love in it.
Builder 2: It even looks creepy, if you ask me.
Builder 2: ...And this is a child's palace?
*Oh boys and girls of Kawakami City...*
*People have come here, threatening to corrode your world.*
*You do not know it yet.*
*But when you find out, you must surely stand and fight.*
*Fight as the ancient samurai did, for what you hold to be true.*
====================act_b_百代シナリオ.bin====================
Back when we were little...
*...we invited a certain invincible girl to join our gang in order to fight back against the tyranny of the older kids.*
*But she was more than just strong. She was beautiful, too.*
*And she took a liking to me.*
*One moment in particular came to mind. It took place beneath the Tama Bridge.*
Momoyo: It's nice having a lil' bro.
Momoyo: You've really grown on me, Yamato.
Momoyo: Follow me wherever I go.
*She held out her hand.*
*My memories of those days were a tad fuzzy, but...*
*...I was certain of one thing -- I took her hand and shook it.*
Momoyo: Oh, you awake, lil' bro? Good boy.
Yamato: Nee-san?
*I had been alone when I went to sleep, but now I found my head on her lap.*
*She gently pet my hair.*
Yamato: I had a dream from when we were little thanks to you doing that.
Momoyo: You did? Was I being awesome?
*...She'd completely forgotten the promise she'd made back then, hadn't she?*
Momoyo: My lap pillow costs 5,000 yen per 30 minutes. Take it out of my debt.
Yamato: I knew you had an ulterior motive. Well, not that I'm deducting anything.
Momoyo: Really? Then this was all a waste of time. Tch.
Momoyo: You know I never let guys rest their heads in my lap.
Yamato: Exactly. It's a sacred, holy place. That means you can't put a price on it.
Momoyo: Heheh... So, why'd you call me?
*She still hadn't pushed my head off her lap, by the way.*
Yamato: How'd you do on your quiz?
Momoyo: Hmm. All right, I guess? My grade was about the same as today's temperature.
Yamato: But that's an F!
Momoyo: It was in physics, and I hate physics. None of it makes any sense.
Yamato: No, you hate studying, no matter the subject.
Momoyo: There are health and gym classes! I like those! And there's nothing I don't know there!
Yamato: Except those classes don't have quizzes.
Momoyo: Who cares? I'm gonna fuck your earhole.
*She darted the tip of her slender pinky in and out of my ear.*
Yamato: Your grandfather, the principal, is getting on my case about it. He thinks I can encourage you to do better.
Momoyo: Ooh, stop it! Why do you have to take his side?
*And there went my lap pillow.*
Yamato: I'm just making sure that, if he asks, I can say I spoke to you about it.
Momoyo: It's none of your business. Hmph!
Touma: That won't do, Yamato-kun. Upsetting a woman, even your sister, is a most heinous crime. Heheheh.
Yamato: Where'd you come from, Aoi? Also, stop being such a creep.
Touma: Momo-senpai, I believe I can bring a smile to your lips if you would so kindly join me in the VIP section of the cafeteria for tea.
Momoyo: Screw that. Now, if little miss cutesy over there is offering, it's a different story.
Koyuki: ...?  (She looked around.)
Momoyo: I'm talking about you, Yuki. (She put her arm around the girl.)
Koyuki: Wah!
Koyuki: Touma, I've been captured!
Jun: It's been a long time since I saw a girl give the Young Master the cold shoulder.
Momoyo: Oh cutesy Yuki, let's leave these boys behind and get some tea.
Koyuki: But I have Touma and Jun. They're super important.
Touma: Indeed. We have a tight bond despite what you may think.
Momoyo: Let's eat some daifuku. They're sweet.
Koyuki: Oh, that sounds yummy. Yay, let's go.
Yamato: What about your bond?
Touma: Yuki, you shouldn't go off with strangers.
Momoyo: It's all right. I'll be her escort, and take responsibility for anything that happens to her.
Koyuki: Yaaay!
Jun: Don't be stupid, Yuki! Watch out, or she'll make you pay.
Momoyo: No one asked you to talk, Baldie!
Jun: Ow!
*She kicked Inoue, somersaulting him through the air.*
Momoyo: You go find some place to sit down and think up jokes for the radio show... Okay, time to go?
Koyuki: Hmm. (She glanced at Touma.)
Touma: Go ahead.
Koyuki: Yay!
Jun: Yeouch... Ahh, she took Yuki away.
*It took a tough man to stand back up after taking one of Nee-san's kicks, even if she had been going easy. Impressive.*
Jun: Yamato, that sister of yours... She's like a storm.
Yamato: ...We look like siblings, then?
Touma: Are you not her younger brother? The stories of you two are rather famous. And rather funny, I might add.
Jun: Yeah, you seem more like siblings than anything else.
*That was how everyone saw us ever since we'd made the contract -- as sister and brother.*
*Either that or as a mafia boss and her favorite underling.*
*She was so close to me, yet so terribly distant.*
*I spotted Nee-san in the schoolyard.*
Momoyo: Oh, Yamato, my beloved lil' bro!
*Nee-san ran over to me, smiling from ear to ear.*
Shouichi: Watch out. She only acts like that when money's involved.
Yamato: I figured as much.
*Though surprisingly, small packs of people were following after her.*
Shouichi: Who're they? They ain't the usual groupies.
Momoyo: You're as cute as ever, lil' bro. Good boy. *pat pat*
Momoyo: So, can I borrow some money?
*Capt dashed off the second he heard those words.*
Yamato: You lost me. Also, who're those people?
Momoyo: Oh, they're everyone I owe money to.
Momoyo: They said I have to pay them back something, or else. They've been following me ever since.
Koppou Club Captain: COME BACK MY MONEY!
Archery Club Captain: Soon will the payment be due.
Kokoro: I thought the Kawakami Family was noble enough to lend to, yet this is what has befallen my generosity!
Azumi: Don't forget that I'm actually the head Kuki maid
Azumi: And I always get what I'm owed, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Look at these money grubbers. People shouldn't be like that.
Yamato: Yeah, I feel sorry for them.
Momoyo: Right?
Yamato:  For having to deal with you, Nee-san.
*I said with a straight face.*
Momoyo: But if I beat them up, they'll never lend me money again.
Yamato: And neither will they if you run away.
Momoyo: Anyway, I'm going to do what a beautiful girl should and hide behind a man. Namely, you.
Yamato: What do you expect out of me?
Momoyo: For starters, you could get me out of this mess.
Yamato: Wait, why am I dealing with that arrogant attitude?
Yamato: You could have at least borrowed money from your groupies.
Momoyo: I mean, that's usually the plan, but they're not always around when I'm short on cash.
Yamato: Well, whatever. I won't lend you money, but I will talk things out with them.
Momoyo: Good. That's my lil' bro.
Yamato: So girls, could I have a word with you?
Kokoro: Naoe Yamato! How will you resolve your sister's misconduct?!
Yamato: I'm here to talk. There's no need to be aggressive.
Azumi: You gonna pay off your sister's debts? Huh?!
Yamato: Here's my proposal.
Use my body as payment
Be diplomatic
Yamato: I'll repay Nee-san's debt with my body.
Kokoro: ...Huh?!
Yamato: You can do whatever you want with me... Nah, I'm kidding. But I hope that joke broke the ice.
Azumi: Hoho... That might just make my day.
Kokoro: How dare you, a commoner, utter such words! Your body is worth no more than a stray dog's!
Yamato: Hold up. Don't you guys understand humor?
Archery Club Captain: Such vile behavior, directed at seniors, can only by pain be atoned for.
Koppou Club Captain: GO TO HELL!
Yamato: Well, Nee-san, seeing as to how everyone's a bit too impassioned to--
Yamato: What?! You ran off and left me behind? Again?!
*There wasn't a moment to lose. I immediately blew my dog whistle.*
Kokoro: Hiya! Kouchi-gari!
Yamato: Whoa! How're you so fast?!
Kokoro: I commend you for the quick breakfall! However, you are now lying on the ground.
Azumi: That's right, dumbass. Pay with your body...
Azumi: Take this! And that! And this! And... (She stomped on me again and again.)
Yamato: Nngh! What the hell?! Aren't you a maid?!
Azumi: Don't talk to me like that. You think all maids are nice and sweet or something?!
Kokoro: You commoner, you peasant, you plebeian! You insolent, arrogant wretch! (She stomped on me, too.)
Kokoro: Oh... this is somewhat... Yes...
Azumi: Huh? What?
Kokoro: This... is good.
Kokoro: Stomping on this commoner is causing warmth to spread within me from down below.
Azumi: ...Good for you, elite.
Kokoro: Hahaha! Come on! Bow your head even deeper!
Kokoro: Wait, what? He is gone.
Kazuko: Ooh, things are looking interesting!
Yamato: Nice save. They would've trampled me to death, if not for you.
Yamato: Look, could we all just calm down for a second? I think we can come to a compromise.
Kokoro: Hmm?
Kazuko: Huh? That was it for me?
Yamato: Let's try to be constructive. First--
Kokoro: Hmm, hmm, I see.
*............*
Momoyo: A giant peach comes floating down the river A girl comes floating down the river
Yamato: Nee-san, we came to an agreement on your debts.
Momoyo: Wow. You look pretty tired, lil' bro.
Yamato: ...I am, thanks to you. Anyways, I got them to agree to wait one more week.
Momoyo: Ooh... Nice going, talking some sense into those money grubbers.
Yamato: I put my reputation on the line, so I'm making sure you make those payments.
Momoyo: Okay. Then it's off to the gambling den!
Yamato: Please just get yourself a steady job!
Momoyo: But there's nothing romantic about that... Oh well. If you insist.
Momoyo: At any rate, we don't have them to bother us anymore.
*She hugged me tightly.*
Momoyo: Good job.
*She whispered in my ear.*
Yamato: Life would be so much easier if you weren't so mischievous.
Momoyo: It's that hard on you? You need to watch out for yourself, okay?
Yamato: If you're really worried about me, then think about what you do.
Momoyo: Heheh. I'll be careful.
Yamato: How many times have I heard that one?
Momoyo: To show my appreciation, I'll keep hugging you until you tell me to stop.
*The tight press of her well-endowed body brought back an old memory.*
*A memory of a promise we'd made years ago.*
*We'd made it in this exact spot, I was pretty sure.*
*Thoughts of that day kept coming back to me ever since I'd had that dream.*
*Earlier in our classroom...*
Suguru: ...And that is what you call a flag in a visual novel.
Yamato: I see. I feel like the probability of two characters making a childhood marriage promise is high in those games.
Suguru: Exactly. And thus, my brother, do we not find in them an unending dream?
Suguru: Yet such is never to be found within reality. So forget this world, and join me in the realm of 2D. That is the paradise mankind has long sought.
Yamato: But Suguru, I did make such a promise.
Suguru: In this world, where fanfiction is rebranded as off-white shades and is considered height of literary prose?
Yamato: Yeah. The short version is...
*I explained away, though I didn't mention the fact that the girl had been Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Follow me wherever I go.
Yamato: ...Those were the words she said to me.
Suguru: Hm. Yes, yes, I see. You undoubtedly raised a flag.
Suguru: Thus, you two would certainly marry each other... were this a visual novel.
Yamato: And here in reality?
Suguru: I mean, in your case, is there even the slimmest of chances she remembers?
Yamato: No... No, I don't think so.
Suguru: Do not be surprised. Such is the nature of real women. Let me tell you a story, from my own past.
Suguru: I, too, had a childhood friend who lived across from me. I raised every flag between her and me.
Yamato: Hmm...
Suguru: Yet she fell for the first tanned metrosexual with a pretty face she saw, and now they live together. Such is reality.
Yamato: I feel for you, man.
Suguru: And yet, my brother, there is a certain time at which she never fails to call me.
Yamato: Oh, really? When? On your birthday?
Suguru: No, before an election. She asks that I beg my parents to vote for a particular party.
Yamato: Is that why you've turned out this way?
Suguru: Hmph. That is but the prologue to my Apocalypse.
*He clearly had a lot to deal with.*
Momoyo: Yamato, you still haven't told me to let you go.
Yamato: I was lost in thought.
Momoyo: I've embraced you for so long that if anyone saw, they'd think...
Yamato: That we're lov--
Momoyo: That I'm trying to drive you to your knees.
Yamato: ...Oh, that.
Momoyo: What else would it look like?
Yamato: No, never mind. You can stop now, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Did you absorb all the voluptuous essence of mine that you need?
Yamato: Yeah, I did. Thanks to you, I'm never sick.
Momoyo: ...Heh. Then it's off to work for me. Which sucks, but... I mean, it really sucks, but...
Yamato: You could always stop borrowing money.
Momoyo: No! Not logical arguments! Anything but that!
*She shouted, shaking her hands as if to shake off every speck of logic from them as she grew distant. All I could do was watch her go.*
*Lately, I just couldn't get Nee-san out of my mind.*
*All thanks to that dream, I'd bet.*
*While she was the same as she'd always been, for better or worse.*
*--Morning, on our way to school.*
Momoyo: *yawn* I'm getting out of shape.
Momoyo: Today's the day for... Yeah, for teasing my little bro. Heheheh.
Yamato: I think there's something else you need to take care of first.
Martial Artist: You must be Kawakami Momoyo! I request a match!
Momoyo: Hahaha, nice timing! My good karma's paying off.
Momoyo: One second. I'll be back once I beat him.
*She bounced over to her opponent as happily as a girl that went off to buy a toy she wanted.*
Martial Artist: I ask that you behold this.
Momoyo: Hm. Nice tattoo. Should I care?
Martial Artist: This is the mark of a hero! In my country, only the greatest of warriors may bear it.
Martial Artist: I have never met someone stronger than me!
Momoyo: Ooh... Nice. You're giving me chills.
Momoyo: Then let's get started! I'm Kawakami Momoyo of the Kawakami Temple!
Martial Artist: My name is Muyacha. Here I come! Ultimate--
Momoyo: Hiya!
Martial Artist: Hellbou-- What?!
*As she kicked, the very wind swirled around her leg in a tornado.*
Martial Artist: Guff! Ahh...
*Muyacha fell senseless to the ground.*
Yamato: Wow, amazing. Another one-hit victory.
Momoyo: ...Hmm.
Momoyo: You're the strongest in your country? Is that it?
*The guy on the ground gave no reply.*
Yamato: I think you knocked him out there.
Momoyo: Oh well... Guess I'll call someone over from the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: Ugh... It's like...
Yamato: You won, but you're still feeling blue? That wasn't enough?
Momoyo: No, not even close.
Momoyo: I want to fight more and more.
Yamato: Well, you can't fight him any more. He's out cold.
Momoyo: Then it's a good thing you're around to mess with.
Yamato: Wait, what?!
*She dug her knuckles against my scalp.*
Momoyo: I gotta get Gramps to find me someone to fight...
*............*
*A bunch of guys were chattering during lunch.*
Ikurou: Spring's mating season. More poetically, it's the season of love.
Gakuto: I am proud to say I can always love, whatever the season.
Mitsuru: Love, huh? *om nom nom* This pizza's delicious.
Takuya: I feel like you'd marry food if you could, Kuma-chan.
Mitsuru: Yes, this pizza is my waifu.
Takuya: That's one juicy lover.
Mitsuru: I show her my love by eating her.
Takuya: That's one step away from psychotic!
Ikurou: There's as many girls that I want to fuck as there are stars in the sky, but there's none who I love.
Gakuto: You know you love a girl when she's the one you think of at night. I mean, when you're doin' it.
Takuya: Why does the conversation always turn vulgar whenever you open your mouth?
Gakuto: That's just the way boys our age are.
Takuya: That really is a convenient excuse.
Ikurou: Anyone else look up the names of girls you're interested in online the same way you look up dirty words in the dictionary?
Yamato: Oh, I could see people doing that.
Ikurou: And then you imagine sneaking into her house late at night?
Takuya: No, I don't think we do!
Gakuto: That's just the way boys our age are.
Takuya: Whoa... I see junior criminals in you two.
Takuya: But how would I react to a girl who caught my eye...
Suguru: The default option is clearly to purchase every tie-in product!
Gakuto: We're not askin' you, Suguru.
Suguru: First, the full-body pillows. You can find more cloth ones these days.
*Everyone decided to ignore Suguru.*
Takuya: Anyways, I don't know if I can say it.
Gakuto: Of course not. You try to act like you're not actually perverted. Hurry up and give me back the nurse pornos I lent you.
Takuya: You don't have to talk about that here!
Ikurou: Nurse? That's old-school. Today, people are into military uniforms.
Gakuto: Naked or bust. Or, naked WITH bust. Girls only wear clothes so that men can take them off.
Chika: ...There go the creeps being creepy again.
Haguro: Every fuckin' day I worry those horny beasts'll come and rape me.
Chika: Meanwhile, look at Kazama and Minamoto.
Mayo: Kazama-chan's reading, and Gen-chan's taking a nap.
Chika: Boys are so much better when they're cool like that. Grouping up to have those dirty conversations is, like, so middle school.
Kazuko: I feel like everyone's talking about things I don't understand these days.
Miyako: Right? There they go again.
Kazuko: I don't really get love.
Miyako: I love Yamato. Here, look at this notebook.
Kazuko: Ahaha. It only has the word 'Yamato' in it.
Miyako: Is it still too soon for my love to come to fruition? *stare*
Yamato: (Someone's staring at me?!)
*Anyways, spring meant love was on everyone's minds.*
*...Including mine. I couldn't get Nee-san out of my head.*
*She was all I could think about these days.*
Yamato: Yeah. The Tsukimi Oroshi udon here is awesome.
Mitsuru: Right? I recommend it. The fried bits of batter are crispy joy.
Mitsuru: They're handmade noodles, too. 300 yen is a steal.
Yamato: There's so many things on the menu that I can never decide what to eat.
Mitsuru: I conquered the menu in one day. Though I ate too much, and had to go to the hospital afterwards.
Yamato: It mattered so much to you that you put your life on the line?
Yamato: All right. Time to finish the egg and the grated radish soup.
Momoyo: Gimme.
Yamato: Ah!
*She scooped the bowl out from under me.*
Momoyo: *gulp gulp gulp* Pwah!
Momoyo: Mmm, our cafeteria knows how to make good food.
Yamato: You snuck in and ate the whole bowl?
Momoyo: You asked for me, remember? So, what's up?
Yamato: Let's talk somewhere else.
Momoyo: Kumaan, gimme your udon soup too.
Mitsuru: Never. This is the soup of my blood, the blood of the new and eternal covenant, which will be poured out for me and only me for the forgiveness of sins.
Momoyo: Whoa! Who are you, and what'd you do with Kumaan?
Yamato: Hey, don't mess with Kuma-chan's food.
*............*
Momoyo: Why'd you call me all the way out to the river?
Yamato: I want to stop you from at least building up any more debt.
Momoyo: If you're going to lecture me, I'm leaving.
Yamato: Listen, I've got this friend over at AI Academy.
Momoyo: Hmm, that's a prestigious prep school. And?
Yamato: He said some jerks from Seiran High have been picking on him lately.
Momoyo: That's cliched, but it happens. So?
Yamato: He wants you to threaten them and keep them away from him.
Momoyo: No way. I'm not doing that much work.
Yamato: This is a rich kids' school. There's a reward in it for you.
Momoyo: Did you forget? Gramps gets on my case if I try to make money with violence.
Yamato: I'll be taking the money. All you have to do is glare.
Yamato: And then maybe I'll happen to take you out for dinner sometimes.
Momoyo: ...Oh, I see.
Momoyo: That seems strained, but... it'll work a couple of times.
Yamato: Yeah. We can't push our luck, but we can get away with it a few times.
Yamato: It's certainly better than you racking up more debt.
Momoyo: Yeah.
Momoyo: I've always loved your flexible way of thinking.
Momoyo: Our assistant master is too uptight.
Yamato: Well, he's a hot-blooded sort of guy.
Momoyo: Shakadou and I were more on the same page in that regard.
Yamato: Hm...?
Momoyo: Forget I said anything. Anyways, let's go scare some punks.
Yamato: You only have to threaten them. Don't make them so scared they do something stupid.
Momoyo: They won't even have the energy to do that when I'm done. That's the whole point of scaring them.
Yamato: I'm glad you're on our side.
Yamato: Oh, and let's keep this between us. We don't want Chris nagging us for weeks over it.
Momoyo: Okay, it'll be our little secret. And the reward's 50-50, right?
*The two of us cheerfully set off to the meeting point.*
*............*
Momoyo: Man, that was one easy job.
Yamato: As easy as clicking a mouse once.
Momoyo: Yeah. One glare was all it took to make them scatter.
Yamato: You've dealt with so many punks who challenged you down at the riverside, so of course they've heard of you.
Momoyo: Hmm? What are people saying about me?
Yamato: That you're a devil, or a boogeyman.
Momoyo: But I'm so cute.: Oh, I'll have a sirloin steak, cooked rare. And peach juice, too.
Yamato: Mushroom pasta and decaf coffee for me, please.
Momoyo: By the way, Yamato, you've got an awful lot of friends at other schools.
Yamato: All the time I spend on my phone isn't for nothing.
Momoyo: Heard any rumors about someone strong?
Yamato: Nothing that tops the legends about you, Nee-san.
Momoyo: I can't just wait for challengers.
Momoyo: I have to actively find fights.
*She cracked her knuckles.*
Yamato: I don't know if you'll find anyone who'll live up to your expectations.
Momoyo: Just tell me the second you hear something, even a rumor.
Yamato: Okay.
Momoyo: ...Heheheh.
*Nee-san looked at me, then started laughing.*
Momoyo: You really are the best, lil' bro.
Momoyo: Even when I start looking for a good fight, you don't get preachy.
Yamato: Seeking a battle is just your nature.
Yamato: I'll nag you over debts and your report card, but not over that.
Momoyo: You hit the nail on the head. This is who I am. I can't help it.
Momoyo: But Gramps and the assistant masters keep going on and on about how it's all in my head.
Momoyo: It's none of their business, am I right?
Yamato: Yeah. Oh, here's my pasta.
Yamato: Kuma-chan recommends it highly.
Momoyo: Really? Then give me a bit. Two sixths, please.
*She took my fork and started at my pasta.*
Momoyo: ...Mm.
*She didn't slurp up the pasta.*
*She ate heartily, but with manners all the same.*
Momoyo: Well isn't this good? Gimme two thirds.
Yamato: Are you going to eat it all?! Hey look, there's your steak.
Momoyo: You can have half of my steak.
*She took her knife and cut the steak down the middle.*
Momoyo: I appreciate what you do, so here. Have lots of meat.
Yamato: If you really appreciated me, maybe you'd give me a bit less fat and more actual meat.
*A cute girl came into the restaurant.*
Momoyo: Oh, I like her. She looks nice and soft.
*She checked the girl out in no time.*
Yamato: Dammit, you're worse than the guys... Are you sure you're not a closet lesbian?
Momoyo: Hmm? I keep telling you, no.
Momoyo: There just isn't any man that catches my attention.
Yamato: And how's a guy supposed to do that?
Momoyo: Are you looking to catch my eye? Hahaha.
Not really
Maybe
That's right, I want to see you as a woman
Yamato: Not really.
Momoyo: Heheh. Is it just me, or are you blushing?
Yamato: Maybe.
Momoyo: Ohh. Well, what I'm looking for in a man is...
Momoyo: ...Hmm. I don't really know, but I can tell you one thing.
Momoyo: He's gotta be a man of his word.
Momoyo: For example, if he talks about his dreams or ambitions, I expect him to put in the work to make those dreams come true.
Yamato: Yeah, I know a lot of guys these days who can't put their money where their mouths are.
Momoyo: You said it.
*While she was usually a straight talker, I could sense something lying under her words today.*
*I didn't have the courage to say it.*
Momoyo: Too embarrassed to answer?
Momoyo: Oh, I got a text from Wanko. She's with Mororo.
Momoyo: They're at the base, and want to know if we'll come.
Yamato: Yeah, let's go.
Momoyo: But first, let's talk a bit longer.
Momoyo: After all, we now have another secret between us. Hahahaha.
*She was as happy as she could be.*
*Today, I went from school straight to the secret base.*
*Nee-san and I had talked this morning, and decided to meet there.*
Chika: Chris, what's your type?
Mayo: Oh, I am very curious about that, too.
Chris: Well, I like men with conviction.
Chris: For instance, ones likes Yamato-maru of the Yamato-maru Dream Diaries.
Haguro: I so don't get that show.
Chika: Oh, it's really interesting. You should try it, Haguro.
Chris: You have seen it, Chikarin?
Mayo: Chika-chan loves Yamato-maru Dream Diaries.
Chris: I have found a comrade! Let us discuss the show at great length.
Chika: So, I like Ryu and Masa.
Chris: Ryu and Masa... Then you prefer the later seasons? I am more a fan of the earlier years.
Haguro: Hey Chikarin, you so don't have to entertain her. I know you don't like those period pieces. Let's talk about primetime shows instead.
Mayo: Ryu and Masa are played by handsome actors.
Haguro: Oh, that's why Chikarin watches it. I get it, duh.
Chika: Yamatomaru is such an honest guy.
Chris: Indeed. As one must be.
Kazuko: ...Whew. Meditation complete.
Mayo: Nice job, Wanko-chan.
Chika: We're talking about the kind of guys we like.
Kazuko: Oh, that's not really my thing.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We grace you with Our presence!
Chris: Oh, Kuki-dono.
Kazuko: Whoa...
Hideo: Kazuko-dono! You are as charming as ever!
Hideo: We are of a mind to join you in your after-school training, if you are willing.
Kazuko: Ahaha. I mean, I'm fine. I can train by myself.
Hideo: Do not those commoners assist you on occasion?
Gakuto: Yamato, he's talkin' about us.
Hideo: We would happily escort you to the Kuki's world-class, greatest, strongest, most luxurious, and most magnificent training facility.
Kazuko: A training facility seems kind of... I mean, give me a mountain and I can learn all I need.
Hideo: Nature is your teacher? Spectacular! We would dominate your attention.
Kazuko: Wawa.
Yamato: Hey Wanko, let's go. Don't you have stuff to take care of?
*I offered her a way out.*
Kazuko: Huh? No, I don't.
*But Wanko was too stupid to realize.*
Tadakatsu: Hey Kuki. You wanna be loud, do it in your own classroom.
Suguru: Precisely. This elegant light novel is moving me to tears, and I would enjoy it better without you.
Hideo: Silence, commoners. When did We grant you permission to speak?
Gakuto: What, you wanna go at it? I'll take you on.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! We find your recklessness in fact adorable, commoner!
Kazuko: U-Um...
Chika: Kuki-kun, I think Wanko would like to have some time to herself.
Hideo: Mm?! Never would We contravene her will.
Hideo: Then We shall return to Our own class. The sight of Kazuko-dono's adorable visage shall carry Us through the day.
*Hideo had come in like a storm, and left in the same way.*
Yamato: Everyone's so roused today. Well, Kuki's always like that.
*--Class 2-S.*
Jun: I bet she's not even giving Hideo the time of day. Again.
Azumi: Don't act like you got a clue what you're talking about, Baldie! Hah!
Jun: Whoa, that was close! Don't throw kunai at me!
Azumi: Hideo-sama is taking all the steps necessary to succeed.
Touma: Precisely. That is what is important.
Jun: What do you mean, Young Master? Explain it to me simply.
Touma: For example, even if she takes no need of him, his unyielding proclamations of love will surely one day bear fruit.
Jun: If something doesn't work once, I figure it's never gonna--
Azumi: Want a sneak peak of hell?
Jun: Uh, but that's for normal people. Now Hideo, he could pull it off. Yep.
Kokoro: Whew. My preparations for class are complete... Hm?
Koyuki: I finished my new picture show. Wahoo!
Kokoro: Then I, a person of noble blood, shall be your audience.
Koyuki: Yay! This is, 'The Squid That Said a Bad Thing'.
Kokoro: A squid, you say? How avant-garde.
Koyuki: Once upon a time, there was an octopus who wanted to live on the land.
Kokoro: I thought this story was about a squid!
Koyuki: But he was an octopus, so always living on land was impossible for him.
Kokoro: The octopus does not know his place. His parents must have done a poor job raising him.
Koyuki: But Mr. Octopus believed he could learn how, if he didn't give up and spent a little bit more time each day living on land.
Kokoro: An octopus with a backbone? How oxymoronic.
Koyuki: 'That will never work', said the mackerel.
Kokoro: How cold. Come to think of it, whenever I see mackerel on a plate, their eyes are always cold.
Koyuki: But even when others laughed at his dream, Mr. Octopus refused to give up.
Kokoro: He seems the type who would get a note on his report card saying, 'needs to listen to others'.
Koyuki: Most importantly, there was a squid whom Mr. Octopus called a friend.
Kokoro: Finally, the squid makes it appearance.
Koyuki: 'You can do anything if you try', said the squid.
Kokoro: A fine saying. There is nothing bad about it.
Koyuki: Those words drove the octopus to work hard, day in and day out...
Kokoro: I fear this story is going somewhere dark...
Koyuki: However, Mr. Octopus still couldn't live on land.
Kokoro: Oh my...
Koyuki: Why? Because once an octopus, always an octopus.
Koyuki: The end.
Kokoro: I don't freakin' get it!!!
Kokoro: The squid said nothing bad.
Koyuki: Yes he did. He said something super irresponsible.
Kokoro: ...?
Kokoro: Oh, I see... I thought the octopus was a noble creature, but he was a common cephalopod. For commoners, hard work is no guarantee of success.
Hideo: Mwahaha! We have returned! Blow the trumpets, Azumi!
Touma: Hideo, never give up!
Hideo: Oh Touma, the one man We call friend, your concern is unwarranted.
Hideo: For there can be no doubt that Kazuko-dono has begun to fall for Us.
Jun: Hey, hey, what gave you that impress--
Jun: I mean, of course she is. Definitely. 100%.
*............*
*Nee-san was the only one at the secret base.*
Momoyo: Zzz...
*And she was sleeping on the sofa.*
*I didn't want to wake her up, so I read a book to pass the time.*
Momoyo: ...Mmm. Zzz...
Yamato: Nngh, I feel dirty just looking at her.
*I could almost see her underwear.*
*Heck, if I crouched, I'd see it for sure.*
*I decided to put a towel over her.*
*However, I had three options.*
Put the towel over her normally
Crouch down to get a better view
Try and tease her
Yamato: Even you can catch cold, Nee-san.
*So I gently laid the towel over her.*
Momoyo: ...Wow.
Yamato: Oh, you were awake?
Momoyo: I wanted to tease you since you're so innocent, but look at you. The perfect gentleman.
Yamato: Of course I am with you.
*The sexy way she'd slept had simply tempted me for a second.*
Yamato: Oh, my shoelaces are untied.
*That was my excuse to crouch down.*
*Then I glanced up towards Nee-san... to find she'd closed her legs.*
Yamato: What... the...?
*That was that, then. I stood back up, only for her to shift into another seductive posture.*
Yamato: Whoops, my other shoelaces are untied, too.
*I crouched back down and looked towards Nee-san to see...*
*Her legs were shut tight. This had to be a trap.*
*Acting calmly, I went back to my seat.*
Momoyo: ...Hmm. You're more of a chicken than I thought, lil' bro.
*I knew it. She was awake.*
*Courage swelling within me, I decided to tease her.*
*But first, I needed to write a will.*
*I titled it: The Discord of Puberty -The Struggles of Man-*
*The first line was important. I had to catch the reader's attention.*
*Guys have a world inside them, one girls can never understand. One that goes astray of what the world at large considers right and good.*
*Perfect. This had the workings of a masterpiece.*
Momoyo: Hmm, so you're just gonna sit there?
Yamato: Oh. You were awake. Uh. Well then.
*I found myself at a loss for words.*
Momoyo: I thought you'd come over and try something.
Momoyo: Then I could test my new torture move on you.
*...I'd dodged a bullet there.*
Momoyo: Here. I brought you the treasured book of the Kawakami Temple, just like you asked.
Yamato: Wow! This book lists the history and upbringings of generations of assistant masters.
*I was interested in learning what kind of people became assistant masters at the temple.*
Yamato: Actually, should you really be going around showing me this?
Momoyo: It's fine. I can trust you.
Momoyo: It's not like we're talking about the Great Book of Ultimates here. It's no big deal.
Yamato: Okay. Thanks, Nee-san.
*I immediately started reading the book.*
Momoyo: Haha, you were that interested?
Yamato: Yeah. I mean, I can flip to a random page and find something amazing.
*One guy had even taken out guerrillas by himself, believe it or not.*
Momoyo: ...Hmm.
Yamato: Mmm... mmm... (I continued reading.)
Momoyo: Mmmmm.
Yamato: Mmm... mmm... (I continued reading.)
Momoyo: I'm bored!!!
Yamato: Whoa!
*She mounted me.*
Momoyo: Play with me.
*She commanded, looking down at me. But I was used to that.*
Yamato: Want to play a game?
Momoyo: I'm not in the mood.
Yamato: How about karaoke?
Momoyo: I'm broke. But if you'll pay, I'm in.
Yamato: Maybe shogi?
Momoyo: How about Kawakami Temple's famous real shogi, you versus me? The rules are simple.
Yamato: There's no way I won't come to regret that, so no.
Momoyo: You're no fun. Dammit, you want me to tickle you?
Yamato: Kah! You're already tickling me!
Momoyo: Oh, I sense some people coming. It's Mayu-Mayu, Kuri, and Mororo.
Yamato: Go play real shogi with them.
Momoyo: What gives? Are you saying that book's more interesting than your friends?
Yamato: Ahahaha. hey, s-stop! I said, stop!
Momoyo: Then I definitely won't stop.
Yamato: Th-That's ridiculous!
Momoyo: It's fine. The three of them will just get to see you worn out and tired.
Yamato: Nooo!
Momoyo: You don't get to refuse. Why? Because you're my lil' bro.
Momoyo: And I get to do to my bro whatever I want.
Yamato: Hey, wait a s--
Momoyo: Do you really want me to stop?
Yamato: If I keep laughing so much, my stomach's gonna hurt.
Momoyo: Then I want to see you beg.
Yamato: Even if I did, I can absolutely see you saying 'Yeah, no' anyways.
Momoyo: You're learning. That's pretty cheeky. I'll have to punish that!
Yamato: Dammit, I... I can't stand this!
Yukie: Um... Do you think we should wait outside?
Takuya: It's fine, really. Those two are always like that.
Yukie: Okay, if you say so.
Chris: Well, this would not be the first time I have seen such.
Momoyo: See that? All the newbies already think nothing of me mounting you.
Yamato: This should seem shocking, dammit!
*In the end, she teased me for the rest of the day.*
*On the way to school that morning...*
Chris: Oh, a cat. There truly are many cats in Japan.
Yamato: That's because of rules forbidding cruelty to animals.
Chris: Of course Japan would have such rules.
Takuya: Chris, you should really learn to be less trusting...
Yukie: It is quite cute. Do you think it might come towards us?
Miyako: Leave this to me. Meow, meow.
*The cat came over, intrigued.*
Miyako: You have no sense of danger. What if I were a shamisen craftswoman? Heh heh heh...
Chris: Haha, he is certainly friendly.
Chris: Momo-senpai, you should join u--: Huh?
Momoyo: I'm so excited.
*She fidgeted, paying zero attention to the cat.*
Chris: Momo-senpai is in a very good mood today.
Miyako: She's so excited, she just can't hide it.
Momoyo: A challenger's coming today from the U.S.
Yukie: They came all the way to Japan? Wow, that's incredible.
Gakuto: Who is it this time?
Kazuko: Um, what was it? Karamazov?
Momoyo: The Caracal Brothers. They're famous martial artists.
Miyako: Wow. They smell like strong enemies.
Momoyo: We'll be fighting after school at the Kawakami Temple. Want to come watch?
Chris: I would happily welcome the invitation. Do you not feel the same, Mayucchi?
Yukie: Yes. I hope I can learn much from your battle.
Yamato: I hope they live up to your expectations.
Momoyo: They'd better!
Momoyo:  I'll win and get the chicks, 'cause the chicks like winners- Oh god, now I'm even singing.
*She was in a fantastic mood.*
*............*
Lu: So Momoyo will be fighting the Caracal Brothers today.
Tesshin: Yes. They requested the fight.
Lu: I hear that the brilliant Gates supports his superhuman older brother Gail in their fights.
Lu: Incredibly, he uses a computer to analyze their opponent and everything thereby determine everything they can do.
Tesshin: Goodness, they must be...
Lu: Yes.
Tesshin: ...Incredibly weak.
Lu: Exactly.
Tesshin: They may have acquired fame, but we shouldn't expect much from them.
Lu: I am confident even I could beat them.
Lu: Yet I should not say for sure before I see them first-hand.
Tesshin: True. I suppose we should not abandon all hope.
*...That evening, at the Kawakami Temple...*
Gail: I have looked forward to facing you, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Same here.
*After that short greeting, they headed to the ring.*
Gates: Heheh. According to my computer's calculations...
Gates: Gail has a 99.9% chance to win.
Gates: I hired several martial artists to fight Momoyo and obtain her combat data...
Gates: And now I know her patterns like the back of my hand.
Gates: Gail, Momoyo will initiate with a right straight punch.
Gail: Okay. That's all I need to know to land my finishing blow, the Gail Counter.
Tesshin: West corner, Kawakami Momoyo!
Momoyo: Ready!
Tesshin: East corner, Caracal Gail!
Gail: Okay!
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair!:  BEGIN!!!
Momoyo: Let's go!
Gail: (Heheh. Here you come with your right straight punch, of course.)
Gail: (Huh? She disappeared?)
Momoyo: Haahhhhh!
Gail: Gahhh!
*A glint of light, like a trail of cold steel.*
*The next thing I knew, Gail was lying on the ground.*
Gates: What...? How can anyone be that fast?!
Chris: I could not even see where she punched, she was so fast... I believe it was a right straight punch, though.
Yukie: Yes, a punch with her right. She punched through him.
Gates: What...? Then Momoyo's attack is so fast that you can't block it even if you know it's coming?
Gates: I cannot believe I miscalculated his chances... Could there be something wrong with my computer?
Gates: I must develop a new one!
Tesshin: The fight is over. Kawakami Momoyo wins.
Tesshin: Bow. Bow, I said.
Momoyo: ... (She bobbed her head.)
Kazuko: You did it, Onee-sama! Another instant win!
Yukie: You struck him exactly in the face. Excellently done.
Miyako: You should call yourself the World Champion already.
Momoyo: Haha. Don't be ridiculous.
Momoyo: ...This... is what always happens.
Yamato: ...?
*Something felt... wrong.*
*Nee-san had won, but seemed... Out of it, somehow.*
*The fight must not have given her the satisfaction she craved.*
*............*
Momoyo: Geez. How'd someone that weak get so famous?
Lu: Momoyo, it is bad form to insult a foe.
Momoyo: You saw him. He was relying on a computer.
Momoyo: Please find me someone knew, Assistant Master.
Lu: ...Momoyo, you must not focus so on fights.
Momoyo: You, assistant master of the martial arts mecca, Kawakami Temple, are telling me not to fight.
Lu: You have more strength than you know, Momoyo.
Lu: I recommend you take a pause from fighting, and seclude yourself in the mountains to rediscover yourself.
Momoyo: What's the point of that?
Lu: You must train both your body and mind.
Momoyo: What better training is there than a real fight?
Lu: Momoyo, you must--
Momoyo: No way am I gonna be a hermit up in the mountains.
Momoyo: My friends are all here.
Lu: ...Yes, that they are. It is good to see you smile when you think of them.
Lu: Any friend who makes you feel that way is one you must take care not to lose.
Momoyo: You don't need to tell me that. See ya.
Lu: Momoyo... I worry you might one day become a demon of battle.
Lu: Yet, that smile gives me hope... For now, I will simply watch.
Lu: The key to her heart may lie in her friends.
Kazuko: Oh, Assistant Master! I'm leaving on my run.
Lu: Then why don't I accompany you? Let's go jogging!
Kazuko: Huh? You're coming along? Now I'm super excited!
Kazuko: Doesn't watching Onee-sams fight get you fired up?
Lu: Haha. Now, off with us.
Lu: (Unlike her sister, Kazuko has a sound heart.)
Lu: (I must make sure she does not lose it, too.)
*--Morning, everyone heading to school together.*
Momoyo: ...I'm so... tired... *yawn*
Yukie: Are you not getting enough sleep? You look especially sleepy this morning.
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi always gets a good night's sleep.
Momoyo: A certain lil' bro didn't let me sleep.
Miyako: Heheh. I know you're joking. You can't scare me that easily...: She is joking, right, Yamato?
Yamato: You're completely terrified, aren't you?
Momoyo: It is his fault, but not directly. I stayed up all night reading every volume of manga I borrowed from him.
Takuya: Wow. What were you reading?
Momoyo: 20th Century Men. I could never wait to find out what happened next.
Takuya: That author has loved dragging his plots on and on ever since Monster.
Shouichi: But you know, I still can't believe the culprit turned out to bHMMMMPH!
Yamato: Don't say it. Nee-san probably hasn't read that far yet.
Momoyo: Excellent judgment, Yamato. We were a second away from losing our illustrious leader.
Takuya: Spoiling leads to execution? That's harsh, but fair.
Momoyo: I borrowed a mystery novel from Miyako once, and noticed a certain random phrase was underlined.
Momoyo: I then realized she'd gone back and found all the foreshadowing.
Miyako: And then she punished me with her execution massage, which was completely ridiculous.
Momoyo: I was kind. I didn't have to make it sexual too, but I did.
Momoyo: I seem to recall you moaning with pleasure.
Miyako: No, they were more like *groans* of pleasure. Ah... Mn... Kh!
Chris: You do not have to give us a reproduction!
Miyako: Well, but still, I wasn't underlining the foreshadowing on purpose. It's more like a habit. Right, Yamato?
Yamato: Miyako even makes relationship charts for all the characters.
Chris: Now that is interesting. How intricate do you make them?
Gakuto: Drop it. You don't wanna go down that rabbit hole.
Miyako: ...This is a relationship chart for the novel I'm currently reading.
Chris: Oh, this is detailed. I can easily understand all the relationships at a glance.
Chris: Though the relationship between the company boss and the woman under him I do not understand... She is in charge of 'Vitamin D Management'?
*The cafe au lait Moro was drinking jetted from his nose.*
Gakuto: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Kazuko: Huh? Hey, Onee-sama.: I wanna know wh--
Momoyo: You don't need to know anything about it. (She patted her head.)
Kazuko: Huh?
Miyako: Allow me to answer your question.
Yamato: How about you don't!
Shouichi: Huh? But I wanna know! Don't keep me hangin' here!
Miyako: Capt, you should have Yamato demonstrate for you.
Shouichi: Great. So, Yamato, show how to manage vitamin D!
Miyako: *gulp*
Momoyo: You're so cute, Miyako. You don't even hesitate.
Yamato: Nee-san, I'm amazed you can call everything that just happened 'cute'.
Gakuto: It'd been such a refreshing mornin' too. Good grief.
Momoyo: ...So the point I was trying to make was, I'm sleepy.
Momoyo: When I'm this sleepy, my entire body starts to move slower.
*A playful spring breeze blew by.*
Chris: Whoa there.
Yukie: Wawa.
Miyako: Arranging defenses so that no one other than Yamato can see.
*The girls in our group were too quick to let anyone see what was under their skirts, of course, but...*
Chika: Eeek!
*Ogasawara Chika, who was walking in front of us, wasn't so skilled.*
Gakuto: Hey, was it just me, or were those Chikarin's panties just now?!
Takuya: Gakuto, why'd you say that out loud?
Momoyo: Nope, I saw them too. Cherry red, with a flowery pattern -- specifically rose embroidery. I like it.
Takuya: Momo-senpai, I'd say you're still operating at 100%.
Bookstore Owner: Yo, ya idiots.
Yukie: Oh, g-good morning.
Bookstore Owner: You there. Ya idiot with the short hair. Wanna buy one of the books instead of just standin' around readin'? It's a bookstore, not a library!
Miyako: ... *ignore*
Momoyo: Hey, Miyako. Be polite.
*Miyako quickly changed as she heard Nee-san's words.*
Miyako: ...Hello.
Bookstore Owner: Well, whatever. See ya. Don't let your youth slip away.
Momoyo: Completely ignoring others is rude and wrong, Miyako!
Miyako: He acts too friendly. I barely know him.
Miyako: Though his lineup of books isn't bad.
Momoyo: Even so, you need to at least say hello. Okay?
Miyako: Heh, what if I said that I would try?
Momoyo: Hahaha. Go ahead. I'm waiting. *knuckle crack*
Miyako: Fine, I'll be sure to greet him from now on.
Yamato: You're quick to change your tune.
Miyako: I learned it from you.
Momoyo: Yeah. I mean, look at me. Sure I borrow money, but I do make sure to pay them back. That gives me the right to be preachy.
Yamato: Though you wait until the deadline, and they have to pester you for it.
Momoyo: *ignore* Mayu-Mayu, you greeted him. Good job!
Momoyo: Good luck. You have my support on the road to making a hundred friends.
Yukie: Th-Thank you! Thank you so much!
Kyojin: Hey, you're all together again today? *yawn*
*We all greeted him. After all, he was Gen-san's foster father.*
Kazuko: You look tired, Beardy.
Kyojin: Yeah, I'm worried I'm starting to get old-man smell.
Momoyo: Great. Mind if we walk on the other side of the street now?
Takuya: Umm, what does that have to do with not being able to sleep?
Kyojin: Believe it or not, but this old man used to be an author. Even got asked if I wanted to enter the big leagues. I didn't have the courage to say yes.
Kyojin: But lately, I've been wondering what would've happened had I walked down that path.
Momoyo: Yamato, do you wanna stop by anywhere after school?
Kyojin: Listen to my story! I'm trying to be profound over here!
Umeko: Good morning, everyone.
*We all straightened our backs.*
Gakuto: Good morning, Ms. Ume!
Kyojin: Why don't you act that way towards me, eh?
Kyojin: Good morning, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: Good morning, Mr. Usami.
Kyojin: Man, what nice weather we're having.
Umeko: It is nice, yes.
Kyojin: On days like this, there's nothing like going on a trip.
Umeko: I wouldn't disagree.
Kyojin: Is there anywhere you would want to go?
Umeko: I might enjoy relaxing in the verdant fields of Tanzawa.
Kyojin: Oh, what a coincidence. I was thinking the same thing.
Umeko: Is that so.
Kyojin: How about it? We could drive down there, take it easy...
Umeko: I'm sorry, but I have plans for all our upcoming days off.
Kyojin: Haha, that's too bad.
Umeko: Goodbye.
*And so she curtly walked off.*
Miyako: You never had a chance.
Yamato: Those two are always like that.
Momoyo: My heart goes out for you. Are you what Gakuto's gonna be in ten years?
Gakuto: I won't be like him! Don't decide my fate on me!
Miyako: After all, Gakuto will finally have a partner ten years from now... Moro.
Takuya: And what's that supposed to mean?!
Momoyo: That sort of joke isn't very funny, you know.
Chris: I-Is that true?!
Miyako: I knew Chris would react to that.
*......After school, in an empty classroom.*
*I was playing Go with Mr. Beard.*
Kyojin: The center square on your first move? That's too cool for school.
Yamato: I live a steady life, so I can afford the occasional bold play.
Kyojin: I'm telling you, relax when you're with me. I'm not some big shot you have to talk up to. Though I'm the exception on the teaching staff, remember.
Yamato: I can't be bothered to treat you differently.
Kyojin: The world's full of nuisances you gotta put up with. I didn't use to have a beer belly, but look at me now.
Yamato: Not to mention your luck with Ms. Ume.
Kyojin: I'm stuck there. I don't have a clue how to get with her.
Kyojin: The girls used to love me. I had three at once, once. But when I saw all of them lined up at the counter of the old bar, I thought I was done for.
Yamato: Does this story have an end? I'm just asking.
Kyojin: What, you kids these days don't have time for an old man's story?
Yamato: These days, we can choose who and what to listen to.
Kyojin: Let's change the subject. How do I get Ms. Kojima to marry me?
Yamato: That's a tough one...
Kyojin: She's the type of woman I'd like to marry, but I've never gone out with one like her.
Kyojin: So, well, that's why I don't got a clue what to do... Hmm.
Yamato: What do you mean? What type of woman is she?
Kyojin: An innocent virgin. The type this old man adores.
*My hand froze mid-play.*
Yamato: Hold up. She's 28!
Kyojin: And I'm pushing 35. I'll be needing old man glasses soon.
Yamato: That's not what I mean. She's 28 and a virgin?
Kyojin: It's not that surprising, especially given the uptight life she's lived.
Yamato: Where'd you even hear that rumor?
Kyojin: Mrs. Komon, the 33-year-old widow and school nurse, while she was drunk.
Kyojin: You see, Ms. Kojima had come to her earlier, asking for advice.
Yamato: Huh. About what?
Kyojin: Think about it. All her old classmates are married or have kids, while she'd never been on a date, let alone have a boyfriend.
Kyojin: So she was worried maybe something was physically wrong with her.
Yamato: Even her worries sound uptight.
Kyojin: She's never even kissed anyone.
Yamato: She's that beautiful, and never even once?
Kyojin: Beautiful enough to be a national treasure. Hey, Naoe, you can't tell anyone about--
Yamato: I know when to keep a secret.
Kyojin: Please.
Kyojin: So, I'm off to get Ms. Kojima.
Yamato: You think you can? It seems impossible to me.
Kyojin: Going after a seemingly impossible girl and getting them to finally fall for you one of the joys of life, my friend.
Yamato: That would be a great quote if I had any faith you could pull it off.
Kyojin: Shut up! Summer's my chance! That's when I'll get serious!
*It seemed hopeless to me.*
Kyojin: Anyways, let's talk about Tadakatsu now.
Yamato: Gen-san's always been a good friend to me.
Kyojin: Has he ever talked to you about love or sex?
Yamato: Nope. He hates those topics.
Kyojin: Good grief... He's popular with the girls, right?
Yamato: He's even one of the Elegante Quattro, he's so popular.
Kyojin: Oh, they're the four hottest guys in school, right?
Yamato: Yeah. Kazama Shouichi, Aoi Touma, Minamoto Tadakatsu, and a senior rounds out the quartet.
Kyojin: They're covering lots of ground. Tadakatsu must be the outlaw type.
Yamato: I've never seen Gen-san show the slightest interest in a girl, if I'm being honest.
Kyojin: I'm thinking maybe he's got some peculiar fetish or another.
Yamato: Like...?
Kyojin: Like he can only cum with a goat.
Yamato: Bestiality?! There's some things you just don't do!
Kyojin: Or a stingray.
Yamato: It's not even a mammal now?!
Kyojin: Well, if you get a chance, could you ask him about it?
Yamato: Will do. If he starts getting weird fetishes this early, he won't have a long life ahead of him.
Kyojin: Yeah... So next, there's something I want to ask you.
Yamato: Give me your best shot!
Kyojin: Well, are you really just Kawakami Momoyo's brother?
Yamato: That's where you're going?
Kyojin: You're too close for just members of the same gang.
Kyojin: Too close for just being childhood friends.
Kyojin: ...If you do love her, go for it.
Kyojin: Beat around the bush, and you'll end up like this old man.
Yamato: Whoa, that's persuasive. I don't want to end up like you, that's for sure.
*I finally snapped the Go stone onto the board.*
Kyojin: Huh? But if you move there... Wait. Then...
Kyojin: Then I can't win! Dammit, stop coffeehousing!
Yamato: I may look calm and composed, but I'm thinking my ass off.
Yamato: Man, that was fun. Different, but fun.
*Mr. Beard and I would have these sorts of conversations from time to time.*
*It was fun, like talking with a much older friend.*
Tadakatsu: Welp, time to head home.
*Oh, there was the man of the hour. Okay, time to talk to him about women.*
*I had to make sure that he was still normal.*
Fastball, straight over the mound
Mix in a curve ball
Beanball or bust!
Yamato: Gen-san, sorry to ask out of the blue, but...
Tadakatsu: Then don't. I don't got time for you or your question.
Yamato: Oh.
Tadakatsu: ...Look, just this once. Ask.
Yamato: What girl do you like?
Tadakatsu: Knew I shouldn't have bothered.
Tadakatsu: And what the heck brought that on? Come with me, dammit.
Yamato: Gen-san, aren't stingray flaps delicious?
Tadakatsu: ...Huh? Yeah, I like stingrays.
Yamato: You *like* stingrays? Do they look stylish to you?
Tadakatsu: What the hell? What're you backin' off for?!
Yamato: I knew most of our class were perverts, but I thought at least you and I were normal... Ohhh...
Tadakatsu: You lost me. Look, c'mon.
*I blew the dog whistle in advance.*
Tadakatsu: Hey, c'mon. Quit staring at me. You're creepin' me out.
Yamato: I never knew you were so perverted, Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: Huh?
Yamato: I can't believe you sometimes fuck goats.
Tadakatsu: The fuck?!
*His right fist came flying at me.*
Kazuko: Whoa, watch out! Ta-chan, what's wrong?
Yamato: Nice defense, Wanko.
Tadakatsu: Naoe was picking a fight.
Kazuko: Huh? Yamato, you're fighting with Ta-chan?
Yamato: I had to know if certain rumors were true, and the only way to find out was with a pretty risky line of attack. Sorry.
Kazuko: What do you mean?
Yamato: But that anger proved they were false, Gen-san, and that you're normal.
Tadakatsu: ...Dude, just come the fuck with me.
Kazuko: Hmm, 'kay!
Tadakatsu: No, not you. You can get, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yamato, should I go?
Yamato: Yeah. Thanks for the help.
Yamato: ...And now you know the rest of the story.
Tadakatsu: Dammit. I told Pops to stop worrying.
Yamato: Man, but still, I'm relieved you're normal.
Tadakatsu: 'Course I am, dumbass. The fuck made you think otherwise?
Yamato: I mean, you never talk about girls.
Yamato: Is there a girl you like?
Tadakatsu: ...Tch.
Tadakatsu: What about you, then?
Yamato: You want me to go? Well, I was interested in...
Nee-san
Wanko
Miyako (today's a good day to die)
*Honesty seemed best.*
Yamato: I haven't even asked her out yet, but... Nee-san.
Tadakatsu: Kawakami Momoyo? You two do get along. Sure, okay.
Yamato: I've given my answer. What about you, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: Well... She's in our year. Let's leave it at that.
Yamato: Hey, no fair.
Tadakatsu: Hey, you asked me, and that's the answer you're getting!
*Well, at least I knew he was normal now.*
*Wanko wouldn't be a bad answer.*
*Oh, but the two of them were at the same orphanage.*
*So I probably shouldn't go with that.*
Yamato: Mmm, there's no one in particular.
Tadakatsu: Same here.
*Kh. That got me nowhere!*
*Well, at least I knew he was normal now.*
*A few names came to mind, but Miyako's was the only one that felt natural.*
Yamato: Miyako, I guess. Shiina Miyako.
Tadakatsu: That's a shocker. You're always givin' her the cold shoulder.
Yamato: Well, with all the times she's said she loves me, it's hard to resist.
Tadakatsu: You ever gonna tell her?
Yamato: We've been friends for so long, I don't know if I should act distant or... I can't, not yet.
Tadakatsu: Naoe.
Yamato: Hm?
Tadakatsu: Congrats. Hope you're happy.
Yamato: Happy? With what?
*Someone tapped my shoulder.*
*A chill ran down my spine.*
Miyako: Heheh... Heheheh.
Miyako: 
*Tender love filled her eyes.*
Miyako: Minamoto-kun, I don't think we need a third wheel here.
Tadakatsu: You don't have to tell me. I'll go, and it'll be just you two.
Yamato: I have to go feed the hermit crabs.
*She grabbed my arm.*
Miyako: You love me too. There's no reason to stop.
Yamato: Give me a second, and I'll think of something.
Miyako: Let's become one. It'll be the start of a perfect world.
Yamato: Are you even listening to me?
*I tried to reason with her, to tell her why I'd said what I had.*
Miyako: I can't hold my love back anymore. I have to cut you with it.
*However, there was nothing more unreasonable than a girl in love.*
Miyako: Yamato...... I love you!  I LOVE YOU!!!!!
*Miyako unleashed her max-gauge super attack.*
*She pushed me down. I gazed at the sky above. It was red.*
*Red as the flames of passion burning within her.*
*I too had start to feel something for her.*
*Maybe this was a good opportunity.*
*This was simply one way for us to end up together.*
*Suddenly, a bolt of pleasure rushed through my lower body.*
*Then it spread, drove me to seek Miyako's flesh as she sought mine.*
Miyako: I win! Roll the end credits!
*............*
*I'd spent all my time with Mr. Beard and Gen-san talking about love. Which was... different, to say the least.*
*I found Nee-san there, just as she'd promised she would be.*
Momoyo Fan 1: Ahh, Momo-senpai, let's go home together!
Momoyo Fan 2: Let's, like, grab, like, a bite, like, somewhere!
Momoyo: Mmn, but I've already got plans today.
*She just happened to be surrounded by her groupies.*
Momoyo: Yo. You're finally here, lil' bro.
Momoyo Fan 6: That's Naoe Yamato! *glare*
*I let their painfully intense stares wash over me.*
Momoyo: I'm going home with my bro today. But I'll see you all next time.
Momoyo Fan 9: ...*sniff*. Please hang out with us tomorrow.
*The groupies respected her choice and left.*
Yamato: You've trained those girls well. Seriously.
Momoyo: Where to? Name a place.
Yamato: You know Ogasawara Chika, right? Her family's store has a new oshiruko sweet.
Momoyo: Ooh, nice. Okay, then let's head to Nakamise Way.
*She threw her arm around my neck.*
Yamato: And it's right along your route home.
Momoyo: Hmm, do we want to ask Kuri and all them to join? Yeah, I'll call them.
Momoyo: ...Actually, nah. We can ask them to join us later.
Yamato: You sure?
Momoyo: Yeah. Besides, I wanna talk with you.
*Those words, murmured by a girl so close by, made my heart skip a beat.*
*Something seemed to be on her mind, and I also thought I heard a hint of affection in her tone.*
Yamato: ...Nee-san, I'm surprised. Are you worried about something?
Momoyo: Hm? Well... A little, I guess.
Momoyo: One of the groupies confessed her love to me. Said I was her true love.
Yamato: A girl confessed to you, a girl. Whoa. So, what'd you say?
Momoyo: I told her...
Momoyo: 'Yeah, I'm straight. I just like fooling around'.
Yamato: Damn, that's harsh.
Momoyo: Then today, I heard she'd started having mental health issues, and had taken a leave of absence from school.
Yamato: Oh... So you're worried for her?
Momoyo: Nah, not really. I mean, I hope she gets better, but...
Yamato: But it sounds like she's just suffering from a broken heart.
Momoyo: When you get knocked down, you just gotta get up again. Anyone who can't, they aren't my problem.
Momoyo: Though if she's making an effort, I wouldn't say no to lending a helping hand.
Yamato: I think that goes to show how much she loved you.
Momoyo: Love, huh? I've never really understood love.
Momoyo: Girls are cute, but they're so much work sometimes.
Momoyo: Those were the lovely thoughts running through my head.
Yamato: That's a problem I'd like to have.
Momoyo: Anyways, that's when you popped in my head.
Momoyo: It's always nice and relaxing, being with you.
Momoyo: I'll have to start dragging you all over.
Yamato: Nee-san...
We should bring everyone else, too
I enjoy being with you, Nee-san
Sorry. I don't want to do that
Yamato: Well, don't forget about everyone else, too!
Momoyo: Of course not.
Yamato: I don't know if I always keep up when you are wanting someone to have fun with.
Momoyo: But, I'm taking you all the same.
*She patted my head.*
Yamato: I enjoy being with you, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Heheh. Okay, okay. Good boy.
*She patted my head.*
Yamato: Sorry. I don't want to do that...
Momoyo: Nnnnnope. You don't have the right to say no.
*She trapped me in a hug.*
Momoyo: You're my bro after all. Heheh.
*She pressed her enormous breasts against my face.*
*If I didn't have the right to refuse, well...*
*I'd have to let her continue until she was done.*
*--Kawakami Temple, Nakamise Way.*
Momoyo: Yeah, but still, girls are such work.
Yamato: There you go again.
Momoyo: But how should I treat them, going forwards?
Yamato: Did you finally have a change of heart?
Momoyo: Unlike you, I can't just solve the issue by attacking.
Yamato: You know, you don't have to attack me either.
Momoyo: Maybe I'll stop having so many groupies.
Yamato: Wow.
Girl A: Wow, she's so beautiful!
Girl B: Stop it, she'll hear us. But she really is pretty...
Momoyo: Heh... Then why don't you come over and have a closer look?
Girl A: Squee
Yamato: That change of heart lasted all of a second...
*But Nee-san had always been that way.*
*Normally easygoing, but sharp as a knife when it came time to fight.*
*And she was the girl I couldn't stop thinking about.*
*For her part, she was starting to treat me a bit differently, too. A bit special.*
*Just enough to set my heart to racing.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*One thing had changed.*
*--Kawakami Momoyo.*
*We were talking so much more than we'd used to.*
*Those around us would say we seemed like more than just members of the same gang.*
*I didn't mind that.*
*If anything, she was the girl I was the most interested in.*
*We'd been together for years and years.*
*I'd seen her swagger, her carelessness, how she let her fists do the talking.*
*Her love of girls, love of battle, love of pleasure.*
*No matter how many faults I named, I knew I could never judge her for them. Whether that was out of love or of beleaguered acceptance, I had no idea.*
*For now, we were nothing more than friends.*
*But I had no idea what the future might hold.*
*--The start of summer.*
Miyako: Today we start wearing summer uniforms... Well, Yamato? How do I look?
Yamato: Yeah, you look good, regardless of whether or not I like you.
Miyako: In short?
Yamato: That was pretty short already.
Miyako: I can feel a breeze around my boobs.
Yamato: You can keep that information to yourself, thank you.
Yukie: Let's do our best at school again today.
Chris: Agreed. Thanks to the sun's warm rays, I am filled with motivation.
*It was a pleasant sight.*
Momoyo: Ooh, I like how much skin I'm seeing.
Momoyo: How about me? Do I look sinfully sexy?
Oh so sexy!
Everyone's looking sexy
Who cares?
SE78
Yamato: Oh so sexy!
Momoyo: Make me happy, and I'll bury you in my boobs while I pat your head.
Gakuto: Seriously? Then I shall buy you a drink!
Momoyo: Only my bro gets that deal.
Gakuto: Then our friendship is over, Yamato.
Yamato: I didn't realize it was that fragile.
Miyako: Using your body to lure him in? For shame.
Yamato: I don't want to hear that from you.
Yamato: Actually, everyone's looking sexy.
Yamato: You're all still growing in the right places.
Momoyo: You know, you might be the one covered in sin.
Yamato: Who cares?
Momoyo: Oh, I forgot to wear a bra.
Gakuto: Whaaaaaaaaaat?!
Momoyo: Tch. Of course it'd take more than that to fool you, Tactician.
*While Gakuto, who reacted, she kicked up into the stratosphere.*
*...Honestly, that was close.*
Gakuto: Man, it sure is nice.
Takuya: Yeah, it's nice.
Jun: Form is nothing more than emptiness, emptiness is nothing more than Form.
Gakuto: You're in Class 2-S. Why are you here?
Jun: When discussing the greatness of summer uniforms, barriers of class mean nothing.
Jun: ...It... is so... wonderful. Huff, huff...
Takuya: You're panting like a criminal. Calm down.
Jun: I'm not a criminal. Cuteness is justice. I simply stand by my justice, no matter how far that may take me.
Takuya: That'd be a lot more cool if you weren't defending being a lolicon.
Jun: Besides, too many people in my class don't change uniforms.
Gakuto: This is the big event, the day girls don summer uniforms? So where are our bravest warriors, like Yonpachi?!
Ikurou: ...Whew, that felt good.
Gakuto: You already did it in the bathroom?!
Takuya: He's more perverted than any of us could possibly imagine.
Jun: ...Hm?
Momoyo: ...What's that aura?
Lu: Wow. I should have known you would notice quickly, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Someone group's surrounding Kawakami Academy, Assistant Master.
Azumi: Oh, thought you'd all be up here where you can see.
Yukie: Wawa. There's so many of them.
Matsukaze: They hid their presences, but we legit surrounded.
Yukie: Th-They have the auras of trained martial artists, and that means...
Azumi: They're military. That aura of theirs brings back memories.
Momoyo: Yeah. I've felt them before. Ran into them, even.
Yukie: W-Why's there an army surrounding us?
Lu: It might have something to do with the student transferring into 2-S.
Momoyo: A transfer student in 2-S? Why's that sound familiar...
Momoyo: ...Oh! It came up in Tanzawa during Golden Week.
Momoyo: Then the transfer student's... So Miss Soldier really did come.
Momoyo: Okay. I'll go take care of them.
Lu: Wait a little longer, Momoyo. Be calm.
Momoyo: ...All right.
Lu: Good grief.
Chika: There's a transfer student coming to 2-S today? Do you think it's a hot guy?
Mayo: That's always what you hope, isn't it? It's a girl.
Chris: Yes, and an acquaintance of mine.
Chris: Margit Eberbach. She is like an older sister to me.
Kazuko: Right! Maltese! So she's really coming!
Miyako: Wanko, where are you going? ...No, that's a silly question.
Kazuko: There's only one thing for me to do -- challenge her to a duel!
Chris's Father: Hello, samurai girl.
Chris: Father! Long time no see!
Kazuko: You always show up out of the blue.
Chris's Father: You are as beautiful today as the Baltic Sea, Chris.
Chris's Father: Has anyone caused you trouble?
Yamato: If she mentions anyone's name, he'll...
Chris's Father: Oh, I will only fire at them with my 55-calibre smoothbore gun.
Suguru: Uh, you're going to come at us with a tank?
Chris's Father: Additionally, Second Lieutenant Margit's special forces team has the school surrounded.
Miyako: That explains the restless feeling I had.
Kazuko: Oh, yeah. Something did feel off, but I had no idea it was that big a deal.
Takuya: Wait, hold up. The school's a battlefield now.
Ikurou: Then I'm the war photographer.
Ikurou: I'll save an injured woman and we'll fall in love. Not bad.
Takuya: Then you're not taking photographs!
Chris's Father: Chris, are you well?
Chris: Yes. I am getting along with everyone.
Chris's Father: ...Then good.
Chris's Father: As I said before, I have sent Margit here to watch over you. Officially, she is a student.
Chris's Father: Go to her if anything happens.
Chris's Father: That is all. We shall withdraws.
*Chris's father started making calls on his phone.*
Azumi: Oh... The troops are withdrawing.
Azumi: Frickin' hell. Don't go putting a whole special forces team into action just 'cause you're worried about your daughter! Think about the taxpayers!
Momoyo: Mmn, I wish they'd stick around for some fun.
Momoyo: That could've been an interesting fight, too.
Azumi: ...This turnin' you on? Keeping Hideo-sama safe through a special forces attack isn't my idea of fun, thank you very much.
*--Lunchtime.*
Ikurou: I saw the transfer student! Damn, she was looking hot in that military uniform!
Mitsuru: First a kimono, then a maid, now a soldier... Interesting characters are filling 2-S.
Ikurou: What's got everyone so excited?
Mitsuru: Everyone's talking about how a guy should be. *om nom nom*
Chika: I think guys should, like, be living on their own.
Mayo: Why is that?
Chika: A guy should be independent. If he's living at home, I'm thinking he's a momma's boy. Or maybe he's overly dependent.
Suguru: (And then you would ask that boy to do the housework as well. Hmph. You seek independence yet you wish to be dependent.)
Mayo: I think it's good to take care of your parents.
Chika: Well sure, but that's totally different.
Haguro: Men who live at home, they're moochers. Gahaha! That so sounds like 'monsters'!
Chika: So yeah, living alone is a must for a guy.
Kazuko: Chikarin, you sound like a real estate agent.
Chika: Don't you agree?
Kazuko: I don't know. I don't judge others after all.
Chika: W-Well, I mean, I guess you don't, but...
Ikurou: What's the big deal, so long as he's paying rent?
Chika: It's not about the money. It's about the mentality.
Yamato: If there's a reason to live alone, then live alone. But doing so needlessly is just a waste of money. Judging someone on that feels wrong.
Chika: I mean, you live in a dorm. That's fine.
Chika: I'm just saying, it's good to experience living away from your parents. It builds character.
Hideo: Mwahaha! A commoner would think thusly, Ogasawara!
Chika: Whoa! Kuki-kun! Where'd you come from?!
Hideo: We are a hero. We appear where We will!
Hideo: Your theory is broadly correct, given a commoner's perspective! Goodness, We adore you commoners!
Chika: Huh? I thought you disagreed?
Hideo: Yet We are different. Even were We to live alone, We would hire people to do Our housework.
Hideo: Tell Us, commoner. Would you consider that right, or wrong?
Chika: Well, I guess it's better than not doing it.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Yes, you do not deny it! Then perhaps your intelligence yet grows!
Hideo: We are of the chosen few. Spending time on housework would be foolish, when there is so much that needs Our attention.
Chika: The 'Chosen One' can't do his own laundry? That seems a bit...
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Fool! We could do so, should We so wish! Yet you could never manage Our business!
Hideo: In conclusion, commoners ought to work, and We ought to love Kazuko-dono.
Mayo: Oh, you're looking for Wanko-chan? Kazama-chan left with her.
Hideo: Curses! How dare he deceive Us, blinded as We are by love?!
Chika: Umm, Kuki-kun? I kinda feel like you're--
Tadakatsu: Shut up, all of you! Guess I'll have to sleep elsewhere...
Tadakatsu: Shit, there's more to a guy than whether or not he lives at home...
*Gen-san murmured as he left.*
*...The school entrance.*
Shouichi: Whew, that was close. Kuki almost had you cornered, Wanko.
Kazuko: Y-Yeah...
Shouichi: When I saw that look on your face, I figured I had to get you outta there, but...
Shouichi: Was that my bad? I tried to do what's right.
Kazuko: Mm-mm. Thanks, Capt.
Shouichi: Right? You can always count on me. When a friend's in trouble, nothing can stop me!
Kazuko: ...Mmm.
Shouichi: What's wrong? Hungry? Bathroom? Did you forget your homework?
Kazuko: I am hungry, but it's about Kuki-kun.
Kazuko: He keeps saying he loves me, and... I think and I think, but I still don't know what to say back.
Shouichi: Tell him you're not interested. Or full-out say you hate him, and cut him off.
Kazuko: But I don't hate him, not one bit. But if I don't say that, will he never stop asking?
Kazuko: I can't tell someone I don't hate that I hate them.
Shouichi: Calm down, Wanko.
Shouichi: Let Kuki keep spouting whatever he wants. You got all the time in the world to figure out how to respond.
Kazuko: Yeah... You're right... Ugh...
Shouichi: Still, the guys are all excited.
Shouichi: I don't get it. Playin' with friends is way more fun.
Kazuko: You're preaching to the choir. And I missed my chance to challenge Maltese. Awww.
*--Back at the dorm.*
Margit: Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: What are you doing here?
Margit: First, now that you have arrived home, you will wash your hands.
Yamato: S-Sure... I mean, that's what I normally do. (I washed my hands.)
Margit: You will do it properly!
*She grabbed my hands and scrubbed them hard.*
Margit: And you would be wise to rinse your mouth.
Yamato: Fine, fine. (I gargled some mouthwash.)
Chris: Mar-san, you are already pointing out Yamato's faults?
Yamato: What's going on, Chris?
Chris: Mar-san will be staying in my room on occasion.
Yamato: And why's that?
Margit: So that I can ensure Frau Chris is living soundly.
Margit: This is a special order from the Lieutenant General. You will understand.
Yamato: I understand painfully well. There's loving your daughter, and then there's this.
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, Yamato-chan. There you are.
Yamato: Mrs. Shimazu, I don't know if we can trust having this soldier around.
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, you don't have to worry about Mar-chan.
Margit: 'Ch-Chan'?
Chris: Oh, that sounds cute. Perhaps I will call you that as well.
Margit: Y-You will cease teasing me.
Mrs. Shimazu: Personally, I think I'm a good judge of character. So Mar-chan's free to come and go as she pleases.
Yamato: Mrs. Shimazu...
Yamato: How much did she pay you?
Mrs. Shimazu: Excuse me! She didn't give me a single yen. Just a few German souvenirs.
*I knew it! She'd been bribed.*
Chris: I have asked Mar-san to assist me in pointing out your sloppy behavior, Yamato.
Yamato: What'd I do to piss you off that badly?
Margit: We have already spoken with the highest authorities. You will accept your fate.
Miyako: Another female? Argh, this is driving me mad.
Shouichi: Join us next time when a girl with a dazzling tan joins the Shimazu Dorm!
Miyako: Please don't suddenly turn this into a TV show.
*Margit would be spending some nights in Chris's room? Ouch.*
Mrs. Shimazu: So tonight, I'm going all-out. We're having a hot pot.
Mrs. Shimazu: Yukie-chan's shared some Hokuriku seafood, too.
Yamato: Oh, that sounds good. I can't wait.
*...That night...*
Yamato: So Margit-san's here too.
Shouichi: Well, what's the big deal?
Miyako: Capt, you're too accepting.
Yukie: The more, the merrier.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, eyepatch girl's got her eye all over ya lately.
Yukie: D-Did I do something wrong, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Dont' ask me, girl. You must've crossed some kinda cultural barrier.
Margit: ...Frau Chris, regarding this 'Mayuzumi Yukie' person...
Chris: Yes, she is a friend of mine. I believe you met her in Tanzawa?
Margit: She seems fairly capable. I cannot resist the urge to test her.
Margit: May I act on that urge?
Chris: Could you at least wait until tomorrow? Everyone is relaxing now.
Margit: ...Very well.
Miyako: ...There she goes again, out to attack someone.
Yamato: That's just who she is. She's a fighter.
Miyako: Yeah. She looks like she's addicted to battle.
*The hot pot simmered with heat.*
Shouichi: Looking good. Sweet, let's dig in! Raahhh!
Margit: It's not fully cooked yet. You will restrain yourself.
Shouichi: No way. I'm the wind. Nobody can stop me.
Margit: Jagd. (Shall I hunt you?)
Shouichi: Whoa, what the -- She's scary, Gen-san!
Tadakatsu: You got guts usin' me as a shield, Kazama... I ain't lastin' more than two, maybe three hours.
Margit: I am told the quality of a hot pot is determined by the broth, the order and placement of ingredients, and control of the flame.
Miyako: Maybe you could be a hot pot magistrate.
Shouichi: Nah, I figure she's at full-on shogun level.
Miyako: And I'll be the evil governor who skims the scum from the shadows.
Miyako: Are you not entertained? Well?!
Yamato: Whoa, I didn't expect you to turn that into making a move on me.
Miyako: Heh heh... I can combo anything.
Shouichi: We got time to kill till the food's ready, so I came up with a game! Whoever gets Margit to laugh gets a bigger portion!
Tadakatsu: Dammit, another crazy idea?
Yamato: He does this a lot in the Kazama Family.
Margit: You wish to make me laugh?
Shouichi: Yeah. You're a girl, but you don't even smile.
Shouichi: All that scowling's making it hard to relax.
Miyako: Is that opinion a rebuke of me?
Shouichi: Nah, we're used to you. You stay the way you are.
Margit: Heh. I can smile when it is requested of me. See?
Shouichi: You think that counts? Besides, that smile's freezing cold.
Margit: You are not my superior. You will cease talking back to me.
Shouichi: So, who thinks they can make Miss Stubborn over here crack a smile?
Margit: Does this man ever listen to a word another says?
Yamato: You're just as bad, if we're being honest.
Shouichi: Okay! Mayucchi, give it a go!
Yukie: Huh?! I-I don't know if I should go first.
Matsukaze: Butterfly samba! Captain Mayucchi! You got the ball, so now it's time to score!
Yukie: A-All right. If I succeed, I might even make a friend.
Yukie: I'll do a funny skit with Matsukaze!
Matsukaze: Listen up, 'cause it gonna be hype, yo.
Yukie: It's called The Irritating Convenience Store Clerk.
Matsukaze: Talalalalala, talalalala'
Yukie: Welcome!
Matsukaze: Nee-chan, got a minute?
Yukie: Yes. How can I help you, Chicken-san?
Matsukaze: The hell? You think you can call me that 'cause I'm always buying chicken?! That's wack! I buy croquettes sometimes too, dammit!
Matsukaze: Anyways, I'm here to file a complaint.
Yukie: Do you have your point card?
Matsukaze: I don't got one! Why do you guys always gotta ask for that?!
Yukie: I'm sorry I didn't properly give you your change by hand. You see, I didn't want to get my hands greasy.
Matsukaze: That ain't why I'm here! I mean, that's weird, but who gives a damn?
Matsukaze: I bought a bento lunch here, but why'd you give me a spoon instead of chopsticks? You askin' to die?
Yukie: I'm very sorry, but you looked like you couldn't hold chopsticks properly, so...
Matsukaze: What the hell's that supposed to mean?! I mean, you're not wrong, but still!
Matsukaze: Nee-chan, you ain't never known real trouble, have ya?
Matsukaze: Guess what? I work at a convenience store too. You need some tough love, so I'mma give it to ya.
Yukie: Working at a convenience store at your age? Perhaps you're the one in need of some tough love.
Matsukaze: JESUS!
Yukie: Thank you so much.
Matsukaze: Now, let's pan the camera over to Margit. Her stomach's gotta be hurtin' from laughin' so hard.
Margit: That was truly idiotic. You will know you have wasted my time.
Yukie: I-I did? Awawaw.
Shouichi: Okay. Gen-san, you're next. Go!
Tadakatsu: You go, dumbass.
Shouichi: Fine by me! Let's go, Mar-chan!
Margit: Y-You will cease calling me that.
Shouichi: My hair is actually a wig.
Chris: Whaaaaaat?!
Matsukaze: Holy crap on a barbecue stick!
Margit: You will be careful to ensure no one finds out the truth.
Shouichi: Nah, this is actually a bald cap.
Chris: Y-You were joking? You completely got me.
Shouichi: Weird. Why's nobody laughing?
Yamato: Because it feels like it'd be rude to laugh.
Shouichi: But Momo-senpai thought it was hi-larious.
Miyako: That bighearted woman really shouldn't be your basis of comparison.
Margit: Making me laugh is a fool's errand. You will give up.
Yamato: Okay, it's time for the Family's secret weapon. Miyako, go!
Miyako: Yes, my husband!
Margit: Don't make me repeat myself. It's impossible.
Miyako: Lend me your ear.
Margit: ...?
Miyako: ...If you laugh, I'll give you a photo of Chris blushing.
Margit: Hahahahahahahaha!!!
Miyako: Nailed it.
Shouichi: That was obviously unfair-ish, but I'll allow it. Okay Miyako, go get the best part of the hot pot.
Miyako: Yay! I'll share half of it with Yamato, mouth-to-mouth.
Chris: So making her laugh will win me the best part... Okay.
Chris: Mar-san, I forbid you from moving for three minutes starting now.
Margit: Yes, Frau Chris. Your word is my command.
Chris: I will first poke your side.
Margit: Wah?!
Chris: I told you you cannot move, Mar-san.
Margit: F-Frau Chris, please...
Chris: Now I will tickle the back of your foot.
Margit: Ahahahaha! Wait, Frau!
Chris: Again, you cannot move.
Margit: B-But...
Chris: Mar-san is ticklish. See?
Margit: Aha! Ahahahaha!
Chris: Goochy goochy goo.
Margit: Ahahaha. Y-You will stop that.
Chris: Did you see?! I will also have some of the tastiest bit!
Shouichi: You're just using your 'Frau Chris' power.
Shouichi: ...But a win's a win.
Chris: All right!
Yamato: You look proud of yourself.
Miyako: She really is like a princess.
Yamato: But now's my chance!
*I walked up to Margit.*
Margit: ...?
Yamato: I'm going to tickle you too.
Margit: Ah! H-How dare you?!
Yamato: She ordered you not to move for three minutes!
Margit: Mmngh.
Yamato: I can't imagine someone of your stature disobeying a direct order.
Margit: Kh... You fight dirty.
Yamato: I win. Goochy-goo!
Margit: Ahahahaha! Y-You will stop th--
Chris: Mar-san, you can move now.
Yamato: I knew you'd say that!
*I hid behind Gen-san.*
Tadakatsu: Why the hell you keep hidin' behind me?!
Yamato: Don't worry. Any moment now...
Margit: I'll hunt you!
Mrs. Shimazu: Okay, that's enough!
Mrs. Shimazu: The hot pot's ready. Let's eat.
Margit: ...Kh!
Yamato: See? That was close.
Shouichi: Not bad, Yamato. You win too.
*What sort of Tactician would I be if I couldn't pull out a win at a time like this?*
*We all sat down around the hot pot.*
Shouichi: Mmm! Yeah, there's nothing that tastes as good as a hot pot with friends!
Margit: I had thought that portable rations were all I required, but...
Margit: I will admit that this is delicious.
Yukie: It's my hometown flavor after all!
Matsukaze: Don't you go takin' Kaga lightly.
Shouichi: But seriously, you really been eating nothing but rations?
Margit: Soldiers are accustomed to eating whatever they can acquire on location...
Margit: You will realize that, in such a scenario, a rabbit is a feast.
Shouichi: Hey, hey. What kinda anachronistic military is that?
Margit: You will recognize that my unit is special.
*Margit had gotten to the point where she was talking with everyone.*
*--That night, in the courtyard.*
Yamato: Man, I put in a decent effort today.
Yamato: I'm got a belly full of hot pot, so I should exercise a bit before bed.
*I started doing squats.*
Margit: You will do your squats faster.
Yamato: U-Uh, I was kind of about done.
*I didn't want to keep going with her here.*
Yamato: What brings you out here?
Margit: Frau Chris is playing with Mayuzumi Yukie, so I left her side.
Yamato: What's wrong with playing with them, Mar-chan?
Margit: I am your elder. You will not address me like that.
*She jammed her tonfa against my throat.*
Yamato: I knew you were older, even if you are in our grade.
Margit: High school is not mandatory education, so you will realize they can be accommodating.
Yamato: Well, you're not the first one like that in 2-S.
Margit: As we are both here, you will pay for the sin of tickling me.
Yamato: As the elder, shouldn't you be the bigger woman and let me off easy?
Margit: ...Heh. Yours are the words of a mewling infant.
*She pulled back the tonfa.*
Margit: ...To be honest, I had thought there would be no need to speak with anyone at this dorm.
Yamato: That's awful. Communication's important.
Margit: Friendship is not something I have particularly sought. I felt doing so would corrupt my focus.
Margit: And yet I believe I would be willing to participate in another event like tonight's hot pot.
Yamato: You always sound like you're looking down at us.
Yamato: But seeing everyone get along is what I really want, so that's all I ask.
Margit: Understood.
Margit: I had thought this mission would be dull, outside my opportunities to fraternize with Chris...
Margit: But perhaps this will be a bit fun.
Yamato: Glad to hear it.
Momoyo: Haha, Miyako was right. You are here.
*Nee-san appeared from the darkness.*
Margit: You're...
Momoyo: Margit, right? Welcome to Kawakami Academy.
Margit: ...The pleasure is mine, Senpai.
Momoyo: Heh. Me, Senpai? When you're obviously older? That's new.
Momoyo: Looks like your troops aren't around this time.
Margit: I determined they could rest.
Margit: I did not need company to check on Frau Chris.
Momoyo: I see. Then just you it is.
Momoyo: Fight me, Margit. Here and now.
Yamato: Nee-san, what came over you?
Momoyo: Margit ambushed Wanko and Miyako.
Momoyo: I'm just evening the score. Right?
Chris: Mar-san, what's going on?
Shouichi: Oh, it's Momo-senpai.
Tadakatsu: Hm? Things ain't lookin' too peaceful.
Yukie: Wawawa. I can't believe how bloodthirsty you are.
*Everyone came to the courtyard, drawn by the sound of our voices.*
Momoyo: You smell kind of like me.
Momoyo: Fighting you might be fun.
Margit: ...Heh. I say the same to you, Momoyo.
Margit: You will listen close. I have wanted to fight you as well.
Momoyo: Then what's the holdup? Now's the time, and here's the place.
Margit: ...However, the military has given me an order.
Margit: That you, Kawakami Momoyo, are too dangerous to battle.
Margit: Thus, you must accept that I cannot fight you.
Momoyo: ...Heh. Really.
Momoyo: So you're just a dog of the military?
Chris: Momo-senpai, Mar-san's--
Margit: However, I have a certain nature. You will be surprised to learn...
Margit: That when I see someone strong, my heart yearns for battle!
Margit: Normally I would never disobey an order, but before such a luscious temptation as you, I cannot resist.
Yukie: Margit-san, you intend to fight?!
Chris: M-Mar-san, I think disobeying that order would be too dangerous.
Margit: Apologies, but this is who I am. You will accept that.
Momoyo: ...Heh. Guess you're not a dog after all.
Momoyo: You're a real warrior.
Tadakatsu: The sheer force of their wills -- it's like electricity in the air.
Yamato: Chris, they're gonna fight.
Chris: There is no way I can put a halt to their personal duel.
Yamato: Hmm, that's true, but...
*But Margit would be no match for Nee-san.*
Chris: Yamato, everyone, let us back up.
Chris: We cannot risk being drawn in, if Mar-san goes all-out.
Tadakatsu: Drawn in? To what?
Shouichi: There they go!
Margit: Prepare yourself!
Momoyo: Come!
*Margit jumped at Momoyo.*
Margit: Haaahhh!
*The woman shrieked as she unleashed a barrage of kicks.*
*She was clearly skilled, her technique honed through years of practice. But...*
Momoyo: Too slow!
Margit: Gah!
*A single roundhouse kick from Momoyo sent her flying.*
Shouichi: Wow, another one-hit KO!
Yukie: No, the attack did not strike home.
Margit: Hasen! Jagd!!!
*Margit sprung to her feet.*
Momoyo: You've drawn your weapon... Looks like you're ready for a real fight.
Margit: Tsh!
*She charged in, swinging her tonfas like a hurricane.*
Momoyo: I see them!
*Momoyo caught the tonfas with the palms of her hands.*
Margit: How did you manage to stop my spinning tonfas with just your bare hands?
*As Margit paused in surprise, Momoyo kicked her in the stomach.*
Margit: Gh...
*Again she knocked Margit back.*
*This time she had kept her footing, but before she could ready herself--*
Momoyo: Nice defense, but not good enough!
*Momoyo charged at her.*
Margit: Tch!
*Margit held her tonfas up defensively.*
*Looking down she saw that her weapons had cracked.*
*They'd been damaged when Momoyo grabbed them.*
*The tonfas would offer little defense now.*
Momoyo: Hah!!!
*Margit loved those tonfas. They had been crafted by a great artisan using the world's finest wood, and Momoyo had broken them like plywood.*
*As that thought ran through Margit's mind, Momoyo kicked her into the air once more.*
*Shattering her precious tonfas to pieces.*
Margit: Gwaahhhh!
*She was knocked to the ground, unable to break her fall.*
Shouichi: Now did she win?
Momoyo: Don't be silly. We're just getting started. Right?
*Margit rose to her feet, holding her stomach, and...*
Margit: ...Heh. Hehhaha. Hahahahaha!
*She laughed.*
Margit: All the times I've laughed today have put me in a good mood... So...
Margit: It's time for a demonstration. You will thank God for this fortunate opportunity.
*She took off her eyepatch.*
Margit: ...Haaaahhhhh...
*Her aura felt markedly different, now.*
Yukie: She had so much fury in her before, but now, she's shockingly calm...
Matsukaze: Yet she got loads more strength now. I can feel it in my mane.
Margit: It has been a long time since I viewed the world with both eyes.
*She'd also equipped a new set of tonfas that appeared from somewhere.*
Chris: That eyepatch is akin to a self-restraining device.
Yamato: This is real life, not some shounen manga.
Margit: I imposed a handicap on myself, as many do. It is a curse to be this strong.
*Welp, shows what I know.*
Margit: But with you, I need not hold back. I thank you for that.
Margit: And you should thank me as well.
Momoyo: Did you unseal an eye, or your mouth? Come on and fi--
Margit: I already am.
Momoyo: Mmm!
*No sooner had Margit readied her tonfas than she closed the gap between her and Momoyo.*
Margit: You will take this!
*Everyone was dumbfounded at the sight.*
*Momoyo, the girl we'd seen time and time again end matches in a single blow, was on the defensive.*
Momoyo: You're fast.
*Margit fought nothing like she had only a short minute earlier.*
*The heavy thud of tonfas against muscle echoed across the courtyard.*
*Momoyo blocked every strike, yet still Margit drove her back.*
Yukie: Amazing. She's really like a tornado.
Chris: Thus the risk of being drawn in.
Yamato: I can't believe she's driving Nee-san back.
Momoyo: Heheh... Hahaha!
Margit: ...?!
*Momoyo laughed too.*
*Instantly, Margit leapt backwards to the far end of the courtyard.*
Margit: What is this bloodthirstiness?
*Sweat dripped from every pore on Margit's body.*
Momoyo: It's been a long time, too long, since I had a real fight.
*I'd never seen Momoyo so vigorous.*
*Margit, undaunted, took her stance.*
*The two squared off, each ready to fight.*
*Neither moved.*
Yamato: What's going on?
Yukie: Their auras are clashing against each other's.
Shouichi: So is this a game where the first to move, loses?
Yukie: N-No, that's not it.
Yukie: In fact, the match could end without either of them moving.
Margit: ...Huff, huff... Huff.
*Margit's breathing grew ragged, the sweat continuing to pour.*
*Meanwhile, Momoyo hadn't even broken a sweat. Her breath stayed perfectly calm.*
Chris: The match is over?
Margit: (H-How can she... Is she really human?)
Margit: (Am I going to lose so decisively as this?)
*In Germany, she'd been hailed as a prodigy.*
*At the very least, no one in Europe could best her in melee combat once she took off her eyepatch.*
*Yet this girl was about to defeat her so decisively? No. That would not do.*
Margit: ...Heh!
*Margit crunched her abs, blasted out every ounce of ki she had.*
Yukie: Amazing. Margit-san is still holding on.
Matsukaze: She still got fight in her. That takes guts.
*They glared at each other, their auras smashing against each other.*
Tadakatsu: ...The transfer student ain't gonna have much left in the tank.
Chris: Yeah... Yet they fight on. I cannot stop them.
Yamato: You mean, you can't jump in and put an end to this?
Chris: You misunderstand, Naoe Yamato.
Chris: When she fights with all her might, how can I stop her?
Chris: To do so would be to sully Mar-san's pride.
Yamato: But this isn't going to end well. I'm an amateur, and I can tell that much.
Margit: Haaahhhh!
*Margit howled as she jumped.*
*Momoyo jumped at the same time.*
*Jumped out of Margit's view.*
*Then Margit was struck from the side by an unbelievably strong force.*
*A fist in the stomach, Margit thought.*
*A wave of energy rippled from the impact site.*
*And she knew, then, that her body had been destroyed.*
*The two landed on the ground.*
*Margit kept her feet.*
Yukie: That was the match...
Yamato: I couldn't see a thing.
Shouichi: I thought they just passed each other.
Yukie: Margit-san took a heavy blow to the stomach.
Chris: Mar-san!
*Chris ran to her side.*
Margit: My humblest apologies, Frau Chris, but I will be unable to continue my mission.
Chris: You fought brilliantly, Mar-san. You fought proudly to the end, and never yielded.
Chris: You showed the dignity of a warrior.
Margit: Heh. Then you will not forget this moment.
Chris: Never. I am proud to think of you as my sister, Margit Eberbach.
Margit: Thank you.
Momoyo: Let's do that again, once you've healed up.
Margit: Heh.
*I thought I saw a trace of a smile on her lips.*
Momoyo: Guess we'll be going separate ways for a bit. Farewell.
*Then she closed Margit's eyes.*
*And Margit did not open them again.*
*Nee-san then picked her up and carried her to the living room.*
Momoyo: I'll contact the Kawakami Temple. We'll have her treated right away.
Yamato: ...It looks like she's sleeping.
Chris: Well done of her to remain standing, even after losing consciousness.
Tadakatsu: There anything we can do for her?
Yukie: I think it would be best not to move her.
Tadakatsu: Then we just gotta pray she'll get off easy.
Shouichi: Still, that match was sweet.
Shouichi: Man, you two were so cool!
Yamato: You clearly enjoyed yourself, Capt.
Shouichi: I mean, look at Mar-chan. She's smiling too.
*Though unconscious, she looked almost peaceful.*
Shouichi: So what're we moping around for?!
Tadakatsu: Well, you ain't wrong.
*It was as if a heavy weight was lifted.*
*Margit was taken to the Kawakami Temple.*
*--Later that night.*
Chris: They have finished with initial treatment.
*Chris came out of the temple looking cheerful.*
*Maybe she'd only some suffered minor injuries.*
Yamato: So, how's Margit?
Chris: It will take her five months to recover.
Yamato: It's that bad?!
*Nee-san had injured her that badly in that blink of an eye?*
Chris: However, Mar-san told me something...
Margit: The world is more vast than I had imagined... I had been a lion hiding in a den.
Margit: I vow to train anew and fight you again!
Margit: I will choose to be thankful that you are a barrier I can overcome.
Chris: ...That was all.
Yamato: That's pretty composed. Also, a lion wouldn't fit in a well.
Momoyo: Hahaha. The future's looking bright.
Momoyo: Every instinct I have says we're gonna have a rematch.
*Nee-san was in a great mood.*
Yamato: ...Hmm.
*We'd been so close to having a problem-free school life alongside Margit.*
*But Margit herself had destroyed that chance.*
Momoyo: Well, I don't think it'll take her the full five months.
*Nevertheless, she looked satisfied to have met a strong foe. Even in defeat, she had smiled.*
*Even wounded so badly it would take five months to heal, she still sought a rematch. That was something else.*
Momoyo: 
*When given the choice between a peaceful life and ruin, she was the sort of girl who charged headfirst into the later.*
*Nee-san, too, lusted for battle.*
Momoyo: Hm? What's wrong, lil' bro? Whatcha staring at?
Yamato: No, it's nothing.
*Maybe I now understand why I was questioned about her mental state.*
*But, I doubt anyone could convince her to change.*
Momoyo: Heheh, you weirdo. (She patted my head.)
*Her nature was far more dangerous than I had imagined.*
*...I wanted to do something for her, but I had no idea what I could do.*
*But I had the time to think about it.*
*--Class 2-S.*
Kyojin: And so, Margit's taking a leave of absence.
Kokoro: After only a single day?
Jun: Well, after she fought Momo-senpai, I can't say I'm surprised.
Touma: Good grief. And here I had hoped to woo her.
Koyuki: Oh, a playboy! We got a playboy over here!
Touma: Young and old, man and woman: I have loved them all.
Hideo: We shall pay her a visit, on behalf of the entire class.
Kokoro: Her? When she was taken out after only one day?
Hideo: She is nevertheless a merry friend of Ours.
Azumi: Well said, Hideo-sama. You are a shining example for the commoners.
Kyojin: So, mind if I start homeroom now?
Hideo: Oh, yes. You have Our permission, Teacher Usami.
Kokoro: Yes, I see no reason to object.
Koyuki: ...Ah, it's a butterfly in the classroom.
Koyuki: You're so cute.
Koyuki: Yay! (She picked its wings.)
Jun: Hey, hey. Don't pull it apart and play with it.
Kyojin: Maybe it's a good thing we didn't get another crazy in here.
*--Lunchtime.*
*I heard other students talking.*
Momoyo Fan 3: Did you hear the legend of how Momo-senpai beat the elite German transfer student in just one day?
Momoyo Fan 4: Yeah, and it's gonna take her five months to heal. She just went and beat her half to death -- that's so cool.
Yamato: ......
*Nee-san looked like she was having a pleasant nap.*
*She'd placed one of those Opening Soon signs you'd see at a restaurant on top of herself.*
*In short, it meant she was sound asleep, so wake her at your own peril.*
Yamato: Nee-san, it's already past noon.
Momoyo: ...Hm? Oh, Yamato... *yawn* What time exactly?
Yamato: Lunchtime.
Momoyo: That late already? I sure slept a lot. But I thought I left a note not to wake me.
Yamato: Don't be like that. It's lunch, so let's eat.
Momoyo: I'm actually not hungry for once, lil' bro.
*She laid right back down.*
Yamato: But I brought some peach tarts from Kuma-chan.
Momoyo: I have a second stomach for sweets!
*She sprang to her feet, literally sinking her teeth into the bait.*
Momoyo: Mmm... Delicious.
Momoyo: The way the almond cream and the sweat peach mix in my mouth is simply divine.
Yamato: Great, fantastic. Here, have some tea.
Momoyo: Mm. Give me a bite of yours too.
Yamato: I knew you'd say that, so I saved some.
Momoyo: You're just the perfect lil' bro. *om nom nom*
*The two of us looked down on the city from the rooftop.*
Yamato: How long have you been up here this time?
Momoyo: Since the end of second period. I got an 80 on the quiz.
Yamato: I knew you could do it.
Momoyo: I couldn't risk getting an F this time.
Momoyo: So, after putting in all that hard work, I figured I'd give myself a treat.
Yamato: ...You need to keep studying, or you'll get F's again and we'll be back where we started.
Momoyo: That happens, I'll just work hard once more.
Yamato: You really do live in the moment...
Yamato: Oh yeah. Nee-san, everyone's already talking about what happened last night.
Momoyo: That's fast. Haha, everyone's got too much time on their hands.
Yamato: The way they tell it, you beat her up to teach her who's boss.
Momoyo: It doesn't matter what anyone else says.
Yamato: You said it.
Momoyo: Yesterday was my first good fight in ages.
Momoyo: Mmm, I'd love another one just like it.
Yamato: By the way, do you want to play a game with me?
Momoyo: What game? A fighting game?
Yamato: Creature Hunter.
Momoyo: Oh, the game you and Moro play?
*It was a game where players hunt creatures, gather materials, craft better weapons and armor, and repeat.*
Yamato: It's fun to play co-op. You should join our party.
Momoyo: You directly control your character in that, right?
Yamato: It's an action-heavy game. There's lots to stay on top of.
Momoyo: Just the way I like it.
Yamato: Then give it a try.
Momoyo: One of my fangirls plays it too.
Yamato: I'm not surprised. The game's pretty popular.
Momoyo: Hmm. Gaming now and then doesn't sound bad.
Yamato: Yeap.
Momoyo: But I don't have a copy of the game, just the console.
Yamato: Suguru has two, so I went and borrowed one.
*I handed her the game.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. You're always prepared.
Yamato: Ask me if you don't understand anything.
*I had lain in bed last night trying to figure out my thoughts on her.*
*How could I get her to not be so crazy about fighting?*
*What I came up with was that she needed to find something else that interested her.*
*I couldn't change her nature, but surely I could soften it.*
Momoyo: There's way too many controls to memorize.
Yamato: But once you do, it's a lot of fun.
Momoyo: Really?
*Fighting meant the world to her because it was all she had.*
*So I tried to find something else that would draw her attention.*
*This couldn't be rushed.*
Shouichi: Sweet! I won the boys' marathon race!
*A dream from when I was younger.*
Shouichi: My drawing got the Mayor's Award? Whoa. I just drew something random, too.
*Capt was brilliant in everything he did.*
Shouichi: Moro lost in a game? I'll go beat that guy.
Gamer: You think a mere kid can beat me?
Shouichi: Yep, 'cause all that matters is reflexes.
Gamer: ...Guh! I lost!
Shouichi: Heh. That's what I'm talking about. Oh, and quick word of warning. Moro, that guy you beat? He's usually way better than me.
Gamer: Ugh!
Shouichi: Thanks, Yamato. I told him exactly what you said, and it really knocked the wind outta his sails.
*I had always been our group's tactician.*
*Maybe I didn't have what it took to be a hero like Capt.*
*But that didn't mean I didn't want to surpass him one day.*
*To be a man, and overcome him.*
*--Practical philosophy class.*
*Nee-san probably wouldn't be interested in any of this.*
*I'd been thinking about her a lot.*
*Much more than I'd used to.*
*Had she played the game at all? I'd meant to ask her that morning, but forgot.*
*--After school, at the secret base.*
*Nee-san and I were playing Creature Hunter.*
Momoyo: The controls are a lot more complicated than I thought.
Yamato: Well, I'll play with you until you get used to it.
Momoyo: If I can't use my fists as a weapon, then I'll choose the hammer.
Yamato: I can understand why. I have a paralysis sword so I'll focus on using that to support you.
*As we played...*
Momoyo: Tch! Why won't this monkey just sit still?!
*Though her health was low, she boldly charged all the same.*
*But when I used a healing item, it would also heal her character, so at least I could cover for her.*
*--After the game.*
Momoyo: So that was fun, but...
Momoyo: I don't think I could've won a fight without you.
Yamato: Everyone starts out like that.
Momoyo: When in real life, I would've taken out that panther in one punch.
Yamato: It was different, seeing you so worked up.
Momoyo: Hey! You jerk!
Momoyo: ...Okay, let's play some more.
Yamato: Oh, you want to keep going?
Momoyo: Nah, I wanna play Real Creature Hunter.
Yamato: Why do I feel like that involves a lot of bullying?
Momoyo: And you're the prey.
Yamato: You gotta be kidd--whoa!
*......*
Momoyo: Target captured. Objective complete.
Yamato: But this is what you always do.
Momoyo: Heh-hem.
Yamato: Why are you smiling so sadistically?
Momoyo: There's nobody else here today, so I don't have any reason to stop.
Yamato: But why? I didn't do anything!
Momoyo: You didn't? Then what are you looking at right now?
Yamato: I mean, your pant--Ah!
Momoyo: You looked at a maiden's underwear.
Momoyo: You bad boy. You need to be punished.
*She cracked her knuckles.*
Yamato: A-At least don't push any weird pressure points!
Momoyo: What about the one that heightens your sensitivity? Then even the breeze will give you a boner.
Yamato: No thanks! That would ruin my life!
Momoyo: Well, that's enough joking around.
Yamato: Whew.
Momoyo: Let me strip you for raw materials.
Yamato: Hey! Why are you unbuttoning my shirt?
Momoyo: I told you I'm stripping you.
Yamato: What happened to being done with jokes?
Momoyo: Oh, this isn't a joke.
Momoyo: So don't struggle. Hahaha.
Yamato: Huuuhhh?!
Yamato: What are you trying to do, Nee-san?
Momoyo: I'm trying to do this.
*She continued to slowly unbutton my shirt.*
Momoyo: See, you're all unbuttoned now.
Momoyo: What do you think I'll do to you next?
Yamato: Umm...
Momoyo: Okay, new question.
Momoyo: I've got you pinned, and I took off your shirt.
Momoyo: So what do you want to happen next?
*She was joking. I was sure of it.*
*But! Even so...*
Momoyo: Say something.
*The tingling trace of her finger along my body obliterated every thought from my mind.*
Momoyo: C'mon. Well? Aren't you gonna say something?
*She gently poked my bare skin.*
*I said...*
Do whatever you want
Let me go
Come on, baby!
Yamato: You can do whatever you want.
Momoyo: Oh, anything and everything?
Momoyo: It might hurt.
Momoyo: And I might not stop, no matter how you beg or plead.
Momoyo: And still you say yes? What a brave lil' bro you are.
Yamato: How about you start by letting me go?
Momoyo: Oh, you don't like this? That's not the impression I'm getting.
Momoyo: Well, whatever. I'm not letting you go anyways.
Momoyo: Even if someone shows up, I'll take you away and pin you all over again.
Momoyo: And if no one comes, there's zero reasons to stop.
Momoyo: Cry or scream all you want, but you're going nowhere.
Momoyo: But you crave victory, don't you? So how's it feel, being powerless?
Momoyo: Get used to it, because you're mine.
Momoyo: Big sisters get to do whatever they want to their little brothers. That's just the way of the universe.
Yamato: Come on, baby, come on!
Momoyo: Oh, did I light a fire in you?
Momoyo: What happened to Mr. I Hate Losing? Well, whatever.
Momoyo: Let's do this, Yamato.
*She pressed her fingers flat against my chest.*
*Then an indescribable feeling of calm permeated my body.*
Momoyo: After all that time staring at the screen...
Momoyo: Well, this'll refresh your eyes.
Yamato: ...Now that you mention it, my eyes feel fuzzy...
*Almost as if she'd applied some high-quality eyedrops.*
Momoyo: Psyche! That's all I'm doing.
*She got off of me.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. But you completely bought it, didn't you?
Yamato: Th-That was... Intense.
*By the end, I'd thought she was being serious.*
Momoyo: What's the point of having a lil' bro if I don't get to have some fun?
Yamato: That felt like something out of an S&M playbook.
Momoyo: You know, you're the only man I ever do that stuff to. Hahaha!
*Only me... Just me... Nobody else...*
*Those words sunk roots deep into my mind.*
Chris: Oh, I had thought you would be here.
Yukie: Hello. We brought some food.
Takuya: Are you two playing the game?
*Ultimately, everyone else soon arrived, and then everything returned to normal.*
*...Everything except the pounding of my heart.*
*This was normal, something she'd always done, and yet...*
*The crazy morning homeroom had passed, and now it was lunchtime.*
Shouichi: Yamato, I brought my top five picture books.
Yamato: Oh, thanks. Really.
Shouichi: Though honestly, I figure you already know 'em all.
Yamato: They're not for me. They're for Nee-san.
Shouichi: Are you insane? This's the girl who hated The Battle of the Monkey and the Crab because the fight was too lame.
Yamato: There's no knowing what she'll love unless we try.
Shouichi: Make it clear to her she's not to sell them. They're my treasures.
*My thought was, she showed at least a passing interest in most things. There had to be something besides fighting that would catch her fancy.*
*There were also more instinctual pleasures, like musical ones, that I could try.*
*A crowd had gathered in the hallway.*
Yamato: Wanko, what's going on?
Kazuko: Nwah! Don't grab my ponytail!
Yamato: I'm only doing it because I want to.
Kazuko: Mmngh... Well, I don't mind when you're doing it.
Kazuko: Onee-sama and all the other seniors did calligraphy, and now they're posting the best works in the hall. Everyone wrote their favorite word or phrase.
Yamato: Calligraphy, huh? So, is Nee-san's work up there?
Kazuko: Of course. Check out the invigorating word over there. It's so cool!
*Her work took up a large part of the wall.*
*On it, she'd written the word sincerity with bold, powerful strokes, along with her signature.*
Kazuko: It looks so intense, it's almost like it's alive.
Yamato: Yeah, like she ignored all technique and simply poured her soul and spirit into the work.
Momoyo: Oh, that so?
*She put me in a headlock.*
Yamato: Dah! When did you get here?!
Momoyo: I got business with you.
Yamato: But seriously, you picked a hell of a word to write.
Momoyo: They said to write whatever I wanted, and this is what came to mind.
Yamato: That makes sense. It is your motto.
Momoyo: Yeah. To live honestly, free of lies. To live true to your heart.
Kazuko: Yep, yep. That's so beautiful, Onee-sama.
Momoyo: Right? So I'll be honest, Yamato. Yesterday I broke one of the plastic models you left at the base. I was just messing with it, and then it snapped.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: You know, the Fiddler Crab on the Roof one?
Yamato: The embodiment of my playful inner child?
Momoyo: My bad. No biggie, right?
Kazuko: Wow. I wish I could be as straightforward and honest as you, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: Yeah, I never lie. In fact, I say whatever I think.
Momoyo: So I won't beat around the bush here, either: Yamato, lend me some money.
Yamato: Maybe you're too honest with yourself, Nee-san!
Momoyo: ...You're angry?
Yamato: What'd you expect?!
Kazuko: Hey, stop it! If you're going to bully Onee-sama, I'll take her place!
Yamato: Take this! (I flicked her forehead.)
Kazuko: Eeek! Ouch! That hurt!
Kazuko: Now you're bullying us both...
Momoyo: I never knew you could be so cruel.
*They embraced in feigned fear, and glared at me.*
Yamato: ...Seriously, you two?
*All they did was cause me trouble.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: I got ham from my job. Bon appetit!
*Capt took out a knife and carved up the ham.*
Gakuto: Whoa, this ham's delicious.
Shouichi: Toss on some veggies. I bought cabbage and tomatoes.
Takuya: Maybe we should put some salt on the cabbage first.
Momoyo: Yeah, there really is nothing like meat. It fuels my strength.
*Nee-san skewered a slice with her knife and ate it just like that.*
Yamato: You kinda seem like a pirate, Nee-san.
Gakuto: Did you write Matsukaze to be a carnivore?
Yukie: Matsukaze, would you like some meat as well?
Matsukaze: Yo, I'm on this top-tier diet right now, so...
Yukie: So I'll be the only one having anything.
Gakuto: Back up. So normally he'd eat some? But he's a horse.
Takuya: Mayucchi, you like meat, too?
Yukie: Yes. I think it's essential to becoming strong.
Momoyo: You heard her, Yamato. Make sure to eat everything I put on your plate.
Yamato: Okay. This looks like the perfect amount for me.
Shouichi: So, where'd Miyako, Wanko, and Chris run off to?
Gakuto: They said they're havin' a secret conversation on the roof, and they want us to keep out.
Shouichi: We gotta save a big chunk of ham for Wanko.
Yukie: What do you suppose they're discussing?
Yukie: ...What if it's me? Awawawa.
Matsukaze: You da talk of the town, girl? Hot damn!
Yamato: I doubt it... They're probably up to no good.
Miyako: So today, I'm going to teach you about male ejaculation.
Kazuko: Okay, Miyako!
Chris: Oh, then this is some sort of classroom?
Miyako: You two are far too old to know so little about sex, so I'm going to give you regular lessons.
Miyako: As for Mayucchi... She's young enough that I'm not worried.
Chris: I am sorry, but this is a sexual education class?
Miyako: Y-E-S.
Chris: How obscene! I had no idea this was what you had in mind!
Miyako: You should really take this opportunity to learn.
Chris: I have no need to.
Chris: D-Despite what you apparently think, I do have a basic understanding... Ahem.
Miyako: Really.
Chris: Children are, well, they are the product of intercourse between a man and a woman...
Chris: Ah, this is embarrassing! Far too embarrassing!
Chris: But see? I do know, Miyako!
Miyako: Then tell us, what sort of 'intercourse' are you talking about?
Chris: Huh?! ...Well, you see, umm...
Chris: ...I do not know, but--
Miyako: I thought so. That's another reason why you need a deeper understanding.
Miyako: You should be ashamed of not knowing this much.
Chris: I should?
Miyako: Other girls will laugh at you for being so clueless.
Chris: Mm. I do not appreciate being laughed at.
Chris: ...Well, in that case...
Miyako: Then let us begin by focusing on this item I have here.
Miyako: Wanko, open your adorable lips and tell me what this looks like.
Kazuko: It looks like just a giant mushroom...?
Miyako: Heh heh... During today's lesson, we're going to pretend it's something very, very different.
*............*
Takuya: What do you think they're doing up there?
Yukie: It is such a beautifully clear night. They must be gazing at the stars.
Gakuto: I hope it's somethin' that romantic, but...
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, are you starting to feel at home in the Kazama Family?
Yukie: Yes! Everyone's so kind to me!
Matsukaze: You get mad props from me, girl.
Shouichi: There anything that doesn't make sense, just ask.
Matsukaze: Yo, we good. There's nothin' what goes over Mayucchi's head.
Yukie: Though there is one thing I've come to understand.
Momoyo: That Yamato and Moro are secret perverts?
Yukie: Wah?!
Takuya: Hey, what gives? Don't say that about us!
Yamato: You always beat me to coming up with a comeback, Moro.
Shouichi: Guys, let's all calm down. It ain't like she's wrong. So Mayucchi, what is it?
Yukie: Well, umm, I wondered at first why Momo-senpai wasn't the leader, since she's the strongest.
Gakuto: Hahahaha! 'Course you would!
Yukie: However, now I completely understand why Mr. Capt's the leader. That role makes more sense to me now, or something... Ahaha.
Shouichi: You're a real sweet girl. We oughta treat you like top brass.
Takuya: Um, we don't have brass, let alone top brass.
Momoyo: Oh, but I did challenge your throne for a bit.
Shouichi: Huh?
Momoyo: You know, back in elementary school, right after I fully joined.
Shouichi: ...Geh! Nah, let's not tell that story!
Momoyo: After all this time, you still don't wanna? Well, if you insist.
Gakuto: C'mon. You can't get me that interested and then put a lid on it, Capt!
Takuya: Yeah. Or are you going to hide things from us?
Yamato: That's totally lame!
Shouichi: Me, lame? Me, the bad guy?
Yamato: I hate seeing you go on the defensive.
Gakuto: Right? He's like a knife so sharp, touchin' it'll cut you.
Takuya: So you're going to tell us, right?
Shouichi: ...Fine! I don't got a choice, do I?!
Shouichi: But you ain't hearing it from me. Momo-senpai, you do it.
Momoyo: Mm, you're sure? I can shut them up, if you aren't.
Shouichi: Go spill the beans. I can take it!
*Capt plopped himself down and closed his eyes.*
Momoyo: Then I'll spin a lustrous tale from my memory.
Momoyo: It all began soon after I joined the group.
Momoyo: I told Capt to come to the empty lot, alone.
*--During elementary school.*
Momoyo: Welcome, Kazama Shouichi.
Shouichi: What's going on? Why'd you call me here?
Momoyo: You're the leader of the group, right?
Shouichi: Yeah! It's me! I'm the best!
Momoyo: Hand it over.
Shouichi: Huh?
Momoyo: Gangs are supposed to be led by their strongest member.
Momoyo: That makes me the leader now.
Shouichi: Wh-What?!
Momoyo: I'm in charge now, Kazama Shouichi.
Momoyo: I like it here.
Momoyo: So I'm going to make it mine! Hah hah hah!
Shouichi: I-I never dreamed it'd come down to this.
Momoyo: You know how strong I am.
*She picked up a rock...*
*...and crushed it in her hand.*
Momoyo: So I hope you won't fight me for it...
*We all trembled before her strength, which was so far beyond anything a child should be able to do.*
*So what sort of kid even younger than her would dare disobey?*
Momoyo: So it's mine, right?
Shouichi: Never!
Momoyo: ...Huh?
*His response completely caught her off-guard.*
Shouichi: This is my group! I'll never hand it over!
Momoyo: With animals, rivals duel each other to decide who leads.
Momoyo: You looking to experience some pain, little boy? (She cracked her knuckles.)
Shouichi: No matter what you say, I'll never let a newcomer take over! This's mine!
Shouichi: I know I'm right, so I'm never backing down!
Momoyo: Heh. Then I'll show you just how weak you are.
*She touched his cheek. Patted it, really.*
*Yet that was all it took for her to knock him off his feet.*
Momoyo: Opened your eyes yet?
Shouichi: M-My eyes've been open the whole time... And I'm not closing 'em now!
*Shouichi stood up.*
Momoyo: Maybe I held back too much.
*This time, she punched him in the stomach.*
*He doubled over, briefly unable to breathe.*
Momoyo: I'll ask you again -- bow to me.
Shouichi: Heh. No way!
*She snapped and kicked him.*
*Shouichi tumbled across the field like a soccer ball.*
Momoyo: Bend. The. Knee.
Shouichi: Never!
*It was as if a darkness had fallen over her heart.*
*She punched Shouichi's face.*
Momoyo: Bend!
Shouichi: ...Nev... er.
*And she threw him.*
Shouichi: ...Gh...
*Shouichi staggered to his feet.*
Momoyo: I'm not stopping until you give in.
Shouichi: Then you're not stopping ever.
*Again she pounded his body.*
Shouichi: Gh...
*Shouichi started to fall, but Momoyo didn't let him.*
*She dragged him to her by the collar and struck him again.*
Shouichi: Gwah!
Momoyo: One word from you, and all of this ends.
Shouichi: I-I won't say it. If I do, I die.
Momoyo: I won't do anything to you if you say it.
Shouichi: No. I wouldn't be me anymore.
Momoyo: ......
Shouichi: So I'll never say it!
*He stared her down, his eyes clear and bright.*
*Instinctively, she threw him.*
Momoyo: What are you, stupid?
*He tried to stand, but she grabbed his arm before he could.*
Momoyo: I'll break it. Now give in.
*He knew she meant that threat. And yet...*
Shouichi: Yeah right!
Momoyo: ......
*If she broke his arm, she would never be their friend.*
*Heck, any more of this would would cripple Shouichi.*
*But even then, she began to realize, Shouichi would stand firm.*
Momoyo: ...Huh. Does this mean...
Momoyo: I lost?
*He had ignored her demands, resisted her threats.*
*She had never even dreamed any of the weakling students here could force her to experience defeat.*
*She might not have lost in a real battle, but her heart felt the pangs of defeat all the same.*
Momoyo: ...Fine... You're the leader, Capt.
Shouichi: Y-Yeah... Took you long enough... To figure that out, you punk...
Momoyo: Sorry for going overboard. I'll have the temple heal you up.
*Shouichi grinned, then fainted.*
Momoyo: You're a weird one, you know that?
*--Back in the present.*
Momoyo: That's the story.
Momoyo: Hey, why're you all backing up?
Gakuto: Uh, Momo-senpai, that's kinda insane.
Momoyo: Gramps beat me half to death afterwards, of course.
Momoyo: But I learned a lot from that.
Momoyo: At that moment, I even think I became more mature.
Yamato: Huh? You're sure? I don't see it.
Momoyo: Back in those days, I would've choked Yamato for a joke like that.
Yamato: Then it's a damn good thing you've matured.
Takuya: Right, there was that time in elementary school where you got injured in an accident.
Shouichi: Yeah, that was Momo-senpai beating me up.
Shouichi: But I didn't want anyone thinking I was so lame that I got beat up by a girl, so...
Gakuto: So you kept quiet all these years?
Takuya: I'm shocked. I can't believe there was a struggle for power and we didn't even know it.
Shouichi: She made a fool outta me. I had nothing on her.
Yukie: And yet you didn't give up. That's amazing.
Momoyo: Well, that's why I think of Capt as a man.
Yamato: I see.
*I had no idea they'd shared such a past.*
Shouichi: But I'm glad you accept me as the leader too, Mayucchi.
Shouichi: Everyone, let's sing and dance and party!
Gakuto: Ahh... There's no stoppin' him now.
Miyako: Oh, it looks like things are getting exciting in here.
Takuya: Right now, we're talking about Capt and Momo-senpai's... Wait.
Kazuko: ......
Chris: ......
Yamato: What's wrong?
Kazuko: U-Umm, it's nothing!
Yamato: It doesn't look that way.
Chris: ...Mmm.
Chris: He has one too...
Yamato: Huh?
*Given how red they were blushing, Miyako must've given them a sex talk...*
*I'd better leave them alone.*
*We normally had Saturdays off, but there were weeks where we were stuck going to school anyways.*
*Even worse, it was getting hotter and hotter.*
Kazuko: Finally! This is what summer's supposed to be. I'm all fired up!
Miyako: Since for you, summer's a time to train.
Kazuko: Yep, yep. I won't lose to you, Kuri!
Chris: Lose in what, exactly? But regardless, I will defeat you.
Shouichi: Chris, you all right? You look like you're burning up.
Chris: Yeah... Kawakami must be five or six degrees hotter than Lubeck... Whew.
Chris: Well, it is nothing I cannot adjust to.
Miyako: Hmm... Let's buy 60-yen ice creams on the way home.
Yamato: Sounds good. I'd be down for 'Net flicks and chill--
Yamato: Chill ice cream! I was being literal!
Chris: I think I would like some. Shall we depart?
Shouichi: Sweet. Guys, let's prepare to withdraw. And I'm buying!
Miyako: You do win free ice cream a lot, Capt.
Kazuko: I want some too! C'mon! Gakuto, Moro, let's go!
Gakuto: Nah, not today. Today, duty calls.
Takuya: Yeah. Me and Gakuto both have something to do.
Kazuko: Awww. That's stupid. Join us!
Yamato: Now, now. They said they're busy, so they're busy.
Shouichi: Wanko, when I get lucky and win an extra free one, it's yours.
Kazuko: Yay! Oh, and can you try for three?!
Chris: Moro, you have some prior engagement?
Takuya: Yeah. Well, it's more like an event.
Gakuto: Today is the day of the Goblins' Banquet.
Miyako: There you go again with your crazy names...
Gakuto: There is nothin' crazy about it. No, it's a sacred gathering!
Miyako: I can see such passion in your eyes...
Kazuko: That name sounds strangely familiar. Hmm...
Takuya: Wanko, you'll hurt yourself if you keep thinking so much.
Kazuko: Hahaha. Thanks for thinking about me.
Miyako: No, you should've made fun of him. Moro was playing the fool for once.
Gakuto: Heh. You girls could never understand our manly gathering.
Ikurou: Gakuto, let's go. We've got the Goblins' Banquet today.
Gakuto: Want to come along, Kuma-chan? You've got the right.
Mitsuru: I already have plans to eat cold noodles today.
Gakuto: First Suguru, and now you. You don't know what you're missing.
Suguru: Heh. I would never bear interest in something so plebeian.
Suguru: Today is Friday, the day new games go on sale. Thus, I must go purchase my naked apron telephone card.
Suguru: Only a fool would use AmaZone to acquire an item on day one. The one-in-a-million risk is too great.
Yamato: You do realize it's Saturday, right?
Gakuto: It's too late. There's nothin' we can do for him.
Kyojin: Let's go, Goblins! This old man's looking to have some fun.
Ikurou: Yeah! Don't worry about that!
Chris: They strike me as rather large in number.
Shouichi: Looks like fun.
Ikurou: There's no place for you here, Kazama!
Kyojin: Yeah. This place is like the outskirts of Hell.
Gakuto: And there's no way Gen's comin' either.
Miyako: Given who's attending and who isn't, I still can't help but sigh at the whole thing.
Gakuto: Yamato, I'd love to show you the place someday.
Yamato: It's weird, but I feel like that would spell defeat.
Check out the Goblins' Banquet
I'll pass
*It seemed a bit interesting. Maybe I could check into it.*
*A bit of serious investigation was sure to give me a good grasp on it.*
*I scrolled through the gigantic contacts list on my phone.*
Yamato: Hmm, maybe Gyou-kun from Class E could tell me more about this.
Yamato: I'll start with him.
Yamato: I think I'll pass.
*Hmm. Still, a banquet of goblins?*
*I could imagine what they were up to... Were people from other classes also involved?*
*--Class 2-S.*
Kokoro: June should not be so hot as this...
Koyuki: Then go put on a yukata!
Kokoro: Heavens no. This kimono is flawless.
Touma: You are proof that even selfishness is lovely in a woman.
Kokoro: Inoue, fan me as if your life depended on it.
Jun: Yeah right. I'm hot too.
Kokoro: I do not care if you are uncomfortable -- I am a noblewoman, and I am overheating!
Hideo: At ease, We say to you Our people, and heed Our exalted words.
Azumi: Anyone who starts wagging their tongue might find themselves without one
2-S Student: Oh, sorry, but I have cram school to go to, so...
Jun: (You idiot! It's been two months, and you still don't get it?)
Azumi: Guilty!
2-S Student: Gaaahhhhh!!!
Jun: (Ugh... You should know by now you can't reason with a Kuki.)
Azumi: There is nothing on this Earth more important than listening to Hideo-sama speak. Please keep that in mind.
*The room was deathly silent.*
Hideo: Summer has in full force come. In response, We have prepared at the Kuki estate various refreshments.
Hideo: What say you all to spending this afternoon as guests at Our abode?
Koyuki: Cool. Does that include transportation?
Hideo: Rest assured, you shall be ferried on one of Our Kuki armed helicopters.
Touma: Now that sounds great. Shall we, Yuki?
Koyuki: That's not half-bad. Or a quarter bad. Or even an eighth!
Kokoro: Well, your abode is not wholly inadequate for someone of my stature. I suppose I could make an exception.
Touma: Come along too, Jun. We can sing Mayim Mayim along the way.
Koyuki: It'll be me and Touma and Jun and--
Jun: Sorry, but I can't today. I've got the Goblins' Banquet.
Touma: Now that is an unfamiliar name.
Jun: It's not for you, Young Master. Darkness too must secure itself a sanctuary of darkness.
Touma: Please, there's no need to be like that.
Koyuki: It won't be fun without you around!
Jun: All that lives must die. Nothing lasts forever. Bye!
Kokoro: What's with that bald buffoon thinking he can talk to us like that?
Hideo: What is this Goblins' Banquet?
Azumi: Nothing that need concern a hero like you, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! There is reason in that. Nobles have their domains, and commoners theirs as well.
Touma: Goodness me. Jun is quite the troublesome boy, wouldn't you say?
Koyuki: Yeah. Later, we should bounce a beam of light off his head!
Kokoro: You three truly get along well. Hohoho.
Koyuki: Yes!!! The bestest of besties!
Touma: ...Heheh. Yes, that we are.
Touma: Would you like to join us?
Koyuki: Touma, there's no way Kokoro can do that.
Kokoro: You really are close...
*--Break time.*
*It was the third straight day of heavy rain.*
Yamato: At this rate, do you think they'll have to cancel the sports festival?
Kazuko: I hope not. That's my time to shine.
Jun: Yo. Yamato, can I have a minute?
Yamato: My oh my, if it isn't Inoue? What's up, Class S?
*We'd hit it off the day we met and had quickly become friends.*
Jun: Could you call Momo-senpai and ask her to head back to her own classroom?
Jun: She's always doing what she wants, never showing up where she's supposed to.
Yamato: Oh, it's about the radio show?
*He and Nee-san did one over the school's PA.*
Jun: Yeah. We've gotta chat about today's broadcast.
Kazuko: I don't get why you two do it together. You seem completely mismatched.
Jun: I'm in the Broadcasting Club, so I'm sort of stuck doing it.
Jun: Meanwhile, Momo-senpai was chosen in a popularity contest.
Yamato: I'll call her. Still, you don't know her number?
Jun: Momo-senpai almost never tells guys her number. She'd rather reserve her line for cute fangirls.
Yamato: ...Sorry you have to put up with her.
Jun: You're telling me. Well I'm, you know, a common sense sorta guy.
Mayo: Oh, Inoue-chan. Good morning.
Jun: Ah!!!
Jun: G-Good morning!!!
Jun: Y-You're as adorable today as ever...
Yamato: Common-sense? You?
Kazuko: There's so many weird people in 2-S.
Yamato: Like Kuki.
Kazuko: Awww. Yamato, you meanie!
Ikurou: Oh, you're right. It's someone from 2-S!
Suguru: You have some nerve, waltzing in here like you own the place.
Haguro: Oh, it's totally 2-S. I'm pissed. So, so, so pissed!
Jun: ...Uh, I'm getting a real nasty vibe here.
Chika: I don't know why you're surprised. It's your own fault.
Jun: Why can't we all just get along?
Ikurou: Hell no! Your classmates haven't stopped messing with us since the first day of school!
Suguru: Pride in excess is arrogance, nothing more. You sicken me, 2-S.
Chika: And I am so sick of the girls in your class whispering every time they see me.
Suguru: Well, we can let that slide.
Chika: As if! How about you just shut up and play your stupid games, nerd!
Suguru: Hah, you would insult my tastes, Blondie?! They aren't like the typical mass produced, tear-jerking garbage you're into.
Chika: Like your dumb little games are any different.
Suguru: Are you stupid?! Consider the PC game 'Autumn'. That game is a fucking masterpiece!
Yamato: Now's our chance to step outside and talk there.
Jun: Yeah... They've really got it in for us.
Mayo: I'm really sorry about that...
Jun: I'm absolutely positively 100% not bothered by it. Relax.
Yamato: Class S and Class F, eh?
*Our classes had never been close, but things had gotten much worse lately.*
Yamato: ...Oh. Dammit Inoue, you forgot the form.
Yamato: Oh well. I'll go drop it off in 2-S.
Miyako: Bodyguard, ready.
Yamato: I'm 80% confident that's unnecessary.
Miyako: Intel suggests 2-S is hostile territory.
Yamato: So you want me be safe? All right, come along.
Miyako: As you command.
*--Class 2-S.*
Yamato: Excuse us.
*Whoa. Most of them were studying in complete silence.*
*I suppose they weren't the advanced class for nothing.*
Miyako: This is so different from the relaxed feel of 2-F. You could cut the tension with a knife.
Yamato: You said it. We shouldn't stay long.
Yamato: Umm, where's Inoue's desk?
Kokoro: Oh, what a stench. How did some monkeys get in here?
Miyako: Who's she?
Yamato: No idea.
Kokoro: How dare you ignore me!
*She really wanted to pick a fight.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! What bothers you, Kokoro?
Hideo: Oh, are you not Yamato of 2-F?
Yamato: Where's Inoue's desk? He left a document back in our classroom.
Hideo: You come seeking an audience with Us? Surely you must know one ought to schedule an appointment...
Miyako: Amazing. I had no idea there was a kingdom so nearby where everyone spoke a foreign tongue.
Yamato: Ah, that's one way to put it.
*At this point everyone had turn our way and were smiling for some reason.*
*However, their eyes showed their contempt.*
Touma: Oh, Yamato-kun. I had wondered what was the cause of this commotion. Have you come to see me?
Yamato: Oh, good timing. Can you give this to Inoue?
Touma: I would love to, but this is a pity. I had hoped you were here to ask me out to tea.
Yamato: And why would I do that? Miyako, let's go.
Yamato: Miyako?
Miyako: ......
Koyuki: ......
Touma: Yuki?
Miyako: ......
Koyuki: ......
*The two stared at each other.*
Koyuki: Hello!
Miyako: Hello.
Koyuki: Want a marshmallow?
Miyako: ......I'm good.
Koyuki: But they're so yummy!
Koyuki: You're sure? No need to hold yourself back.
Miyako: I'm good.
Koyuki: Mmm... *sniff, sniff*
Koyuki: ...I thought... maybe we were similar...
Koyuki: We're not. Totally different.
Koyuki: So yeah, no marshmallow for you.
Koyuki: Tra-la-la-la
*She started twirling.*
Yamato: What's with her?
*--Out in the hallway.*
Yamato: Whew, that was suffocating.
Yamato: Still, I can't believe how easily they looked down on us.
*No wonder nobody liked them.*
*It felt like a fight was brewing... No, not a fight. A war.*
Umeko: The sports festival will finally begin next Friday.
Umeko: We'll be part of the Seiryuu Army. Strive to come out on top.
Chris: What does she mean by the 'Seiryuu Army'?
Mayo: For the sports festival, the school is divided into four armies: Genbu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Seiryuu. Think of it like dividing into red and blue team.
Chris: Oh. Then how is it decided which classes are in each army?
Mayo: It's complex, so the teams are different every year.
Ikurou: Ms. Ume, one question! What army is 2-S in?
Umeko: 2-S? They're in the Seiryuu Army as well.
Ikurou: Hey, hey, hey! We have to team up with them?!
Chika: I am so not okay with that.
Umeko: Enough. I'm handing out the document with all the teams on it.
Yamato: Mayucchi and Momo-senpai's classes are in the Byakko Army.
Kazuko: Oh no. Then we're split up.
Gakuto: Damn 2-S. I was gonna pulverize them with my bare hands, too.
Shouichi: And I wanted another race against that bald guy.
Miyako: Everyone's disappointed they can't compete against our sworn enemy, 2-S.
Yamato: And this was supposed to be our chance to let out some of our pent-up rage, too...
Mitsuru: Maybe this'll finally allow our two classes to get along.
Tadakatsu: Things ain't that simple.
Tadakatsu: Screw up bad enough, and we could have infighting on our hands.
Mitsuru: Whoa, that's scary. I need a comfort snack.
Umeko: Kumagai! I told you not to eat snacks during homeroom.
Mitsuru: Uh, I-I couldn't help myself!
Yamato: ...Hm? A text from Nee-san?
*My phone was on silent mode, of course.*
*The subject said 'Order from your sister'.*
*Homeroom's so boring I might die. Tell me something funny.*
Umeko: At least wait until homeroom is over!: Hah! Hah!
Mitsuru: Yeouch! I-I'm sorry, really sorry.
*Making sure not to catch Ms. Ume's attention, I typed out a reply.*
*No way. Not while Ms. Ume's here.*
*I didn't have time to write anything longer.*
*...Whoa. She'd replied already?!*
*Boring. Yamato, come to the base before the meeting so I can execute you.*
*Well, that was completely unfair. I decided no to reply.*
*Another text already?*
*No reply... From my own brother...*
*A decently annoying text. Did she have nothing better to do?*
*Another one came, this time with the subject line of just 'Whatever'.*
*Now I know exactly what I am to you. Sure, fine. Whatever. But don't come crying to me later.*
*I wanted to reply, but I couldn't find an opening.*
*Hurry up and answer me!*
*Man, I needed to do something before things got any worse.*
*Which meant I had to find some moment when I could safely send a reply.*
*Ms. Ume's defense couldn't be perfect. I just had to be careful and find that opening!*
Umeko: After the sports festival come semester exams.
*Ms. Ume was looking at us students as she said this.*
Now! Type up the message and send it!
Wait! Not yet!
Yamato: It's too early. I need to calm down and assess the situation.
Umeko: I expect each of you to be fully prepared.
Umeko: Mm! Haguro! You nodded off just now!
Haguro: Zzz--Huh? Wha? Oh, sh-shit.
Umeko: It is time for your punishment. Grit your teeth, Haguro.
*Ms. Ume readied her whip.*
Now! Type up the message and send it!
Wait! Not yet!
*No, she'd only taken her whip out of her bag.*
*Which meant moving now was still too risky.*
Umeko: Let's go, Haguro! Hopefully this will keep you from becoming an uncultured swine!
*Her whip echoed through the classroom.*
Haguro: Haow! Oww! Aowww!
Umeko: Now think about what you have done!
Now! Type up the message and send it!
Wait! Not yet!
*No, still not good. I had to wait a bit longer.*
*Until a decisive opportunity presented itself!*
Umeko: All right. That is it for your punishment.
Haguro: ...Aw, shit. Your whip's makin' me wet...
Umeko: I think we can end homeroom now...
Umeko: Does anyone have something to contribute?
Now! Type up the message and send it!
Wait! Not yet!
*Keep waiting...*
Umeko: Then we'll end homeroom now.
Yamato: ...Huh?
*Sh-Shoot! I'd waited too long!*
*I hadn't realized how much time I'd wasted.*
*In the end, I never did reply to Nee-san.*
Yamato: --Now's my chance!
Umeko: Naoe! I never thought I'd find you playing on your phone during homeroom!
*Shit! I needed to think up an excuse...*
Yamato: I'm sorry. I was getting so many texts that I wanted to just turn it off.
Umeko: You expect me to believe that?!
Yamato: Gah!
*I knew that wouldn't work. Fuck me.*
*Ms. Ume was now mad at me, and Nee-san would be pissed. It was the worst of both worlds.*
SE78
*Now, while she was using the whip!*
*I quickly typed up a message and sent it.*
*Oh, you replied!!! Not so hard was it?*
*...Okay, I'd satisfied her.*
*Mission accomplished.*
Yamato: Nevertheless...
*She sounded bored... If only I could find something to interest her.*
*--In a certain country.*
President: I hear you're going to the Kawakami Temple next week.
Prime Minister: Ah, the schedule says so.
Prime Minister: I'll need to bring old Kawakami some foreign souvenirs.
Prime Minister: You know how Putin's saying he wants to start learning Japanese martial arts come the new year?
Prime Minister: Here's hopin' I can have the Kawakami Temple train him.
President: He is the sort of guy who goes around wrestling tigers.
President: ...So there's something I'd like to ask of you.
Prime Minister: That has somethin' to do with the guys lurkin' in the corner?
President: You noticed, then? I can't say I'm surprised. Come on out.
*Two brawny men stepped forward.*
Prime Minister: Oh, they look... extremely skilled.
President: Their codenames are One and Two.
Prime Minister: How about we come up with something better?
President: They are the result of the Super Soldier Program, conducted using the full resources of the Department of Defense.
Prime Minister: Sounds classified. Why tell me?
President: We're allies, aren't we? Which is why we need your help.
Prime Minister: Hey, hey. Don't go puttin' more work on my plate.
President: The combination of the ultimate genes, the ultimate instructors, and the ultimate machines, they are in fact the future of war and our newest strike force.
President: Our country wants them to be named the strongest warriors in the world.
Prime Minister: Then name them that. Who'll say no?
President: No one, if they lack authority. Authority comes from beating a known foe.
Prime Minister: Which brings us to the Kawakami Temple.
President: Exactly. I want them to duel someone from there, the same temple that obliterated the Gail Brothers.
President: As their codenames suggest, the two consistently placed first and second in combat assessments, respectively.
President: I'd reckon the Kawakami Temple themselves would be happy to face off against them.
Prime Minister: I'm not worried whether or not they'll accept.
President: Relax. They won't kill their foes... Well, probably not.
President: But the match will be fair, of course. If anyone did attempt something underhanded, you're welcome to snipe them.
President: The two are simply that overwhelmingly strong. They've already proven themselves in several Middle East missions.
Prime Minister: They do have that bestial glint in their eyes.
Prime Minister: But as I was trying to say, I'm concerned for your men.
President: NANI?!
Prime Minister: Kawakami Temple's beyond any theory of yours.
Prime Minister: Even Gates' computer couldn't calculate their strength.
President: But these two were produced by marshaling my entire country's technological prowess. They can succeed.
President: We should expect no less from the greatest country on Earth.
Prime Minister: ...Well, guess we'll find out.
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Prime Minister: Oh. You grown up big, Momoyo-chan.
Momoyo: Yes, thank you. I'm glad to see you're doing well.
Prime Minister: So. Figure you've already heard, but...
Prime Minister: Got a pair of people for you to fight.
*Two men stood behind the Prime Minister. There was no fear in their eyes.*
Momoyo: All right. I don't mind.
Momoyo: If anything, you've just made my day. Heheheh.
Prime Minister: Mm?
Kazuko: Awawa! Assistant Master, the Prime Minister's here!
Lu: This is confidential, so you can't tell anyone, okay?
Kazuko: I know, but this is still so nerve-wracking.
Lu: The man does come here sometimes, to the temple.
Kazuko: But he wasn't the Prime Minister back then.
Lu: Oh, yes. You're right, now that you mention it.
Kazuko: Geez. I can't believe how relaxed you and Onee-sama and everyone else is about this. I'm jealous, honestly.
Prime Minister: Whoa, you've turned into one sexy little thing.
Kazuko: Oh! Umm, err... M-Mr. Prime Minister!
Prime Minister: Have a candy.
Kazuko: Yay! Thank you, sir!
Lu: Wasn't that nice of him, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Yeah!
Kazuko: ...Oh!
Kazuko: He brought Onee-sama a challenger, while I got a candy...
Kazuko: Ah... I have so much catching up to do.
Tesshin: Now, shall we get straight to the match?
Tesshin: We're fine going two-on-one. Right, Momo?
Momoyo: Yeah.
Prime Minister: Hey, hey, sure about that?
Tesshin: Completely.
Prime Minister: Sorry I can't tell you their names, but it'd be more trouble than it's worth.
Tesshin: Oh, we don't mind that either.
Momoyo: Hahaha. A whole country's tech, stuffed into two soldiers?
Momoyo: Even if that's all I know. I think I like it. Nice and mysterious.
Momoyo: I'm fired up, Wanko.
Kazuko: Good luck, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: Heheheh. I'm getting chills.
Prime Minister: Hmm... What's up with Momoyo-chan?
Tesshin: Now, are you both ready?
*One and Two nodded simultaneously.*
*Disciplined soldiers, neither of them engaged in small talk.*
*They were simply here to fight, even if it was two-on-one.*
Tesshin:  BEGIN!
Momoyo: Hah!
*Momoyo attacked with her specialty, the one-hit KO.*
*But the two dodged her kick by a hair's breadth.*
*The wave of energy sent a tornado spiraling towards the Prime Minister.*
*But Assistant Master Lu stepped in front of him and parried it into the air.*
Lu: Apologies.
Prime Minister: Oh, that? I enjoyed the breeze.
Momoyo: Haha. You're way better than Gail. Fantastic.
*The two circled Momoyo from opposite sides, moving in perfect symmetry.*
*Dodging that kick, and the mortal wound it would've inflicted, triggered something in them. They now seemed more like wolves than men.*
*The two struck at once, but Momoyo blocked them both.*
*They had live combat experience. They'd fought on the battlefield.*
*They aimed for her vitals, to take her life.*
*When Mommoyo thought about what would happen if her block came a second late...*
Momoyo: --Hahaha!
*She was overcome with joyous laughter.*
*Suddenly, the two felt a wave of hostility press against them.*
*Which was the last thing either of them felt.*
Prime Minister: --A flash of light, and the next thing I knew, the two of them were on the ground.
*Indeed, they lay defeated.*
Tesshin: They made Momoyo hold nothing back. Splendid, splendid.
Tesshin: Go and report that they have the potential to easily become the strongest squad in the world.
Prime Minister: Really? But they didn't last a minute.
Tesshin: Again, the potential is there.
Tesshin: There is still much room for improvement.
Tesshin: Would you mind giving their superiors my business card?
Tesshin: They have within them the potential to be assistant masters. We would be happy to host them, but only they can realize that potential.
Prime Minister: Damn, you guys are something else.
*Momoyo bowed to her fallen foes.*
Momoyo: (I thought I'd get to enjoy that a bit longer...)
Momoyo: (But once I got into it, I stopped holding back.)
Momoyo: (Man... that didn't really do it for me...)
*Momoyo didn't even try to hide her disinterest as she stepped out of the arena.*
Prime Minister: ...Yo, hey, old man Tesshin!
Tesshin: What's it now?
Prime Minister: I've got a bad feeling about Momoyo. She's becoming too dangerous.
Prime Minister: She's addicted to battle.
Prime Minister: It might start costing her her humanity.
Tesshin: Damn straight.
Prime Minister: This ain't a joke and you know it!
Lu: (Then what I have feared is coming to pass...)
Lu: (If this many people have noticed, if the signs are that striking, then she is truly dangerous.)
Prime Minister: Strength's good 'n all, but I know you want more from your students.
Tesshin: I know. I know that painfully well.
Tesshin: How often have I wished she could find something she loved besides battle.
Prime Minister: Don't you folks sometimes take trips into the mountains to plow the fields till you remember who you really are?
Tesshin: I thought it might come to that...
Tesshin: ...or I must use the Kawakami Ultimate: Wyrmseal.
Tesshin: But that's a last resort when there's no other way to stop her.
Prime Minister: Find a way. She's one o' our hopes for the next generation.
*............*
Momoyo: Man, I still feeling gloomy.
Momoyo: ...This sucks. A whole country poured all their resources into those two... That's as tough as it's ever going to get?
Momoyo: A normal fight would've let me blow off some steam, but...
Momoyo: If they're the best the top country on Earth can muster...
Momoyo: Then... am I alone up here?
Momoyo: ...Hmmm...
*She stared at her own fists, and thought.*
*But after a short while, she stopped.*
Momoyo: Maybe I'll play with my bro?!
Momoyo: Yeah, that'll be nice and relaxing.
*--After school.*
Yukie: E-Excuse me.
Chris: Oh, Mayucchi. You came to me?
Miyako: That's new. I can't remember the last time I saw you in here.
Yukie: You see, today I'm actually going shopping together with Chris-san.
Chris: Yeah. We are buying spare summer clothes.
Kazuko: Wow, that sounds fun. Can I come, too?
Yukie: By all means, please.
Chris: What about you, Miyako?
Miyako: Sure, okay.
Chris: Then we girls will go shopping.
Gakuto: Can I use this coupon for one free opportunity to be your bag carrier?
Miyako: Mm-mn, we're good. But thanks for the offer.
Gakuto: You're leavin' me out?!
Takuya: Uh, I mean, you're the one trying to butt in on the girls' trip to the mall, like you've decided today's a good day to die.
Kazuko: I'll call Onee-sama, if she's not too busy picking up girls.
Kazuko: ...Huh? She's not picking up.
Miyako: I thought we raised you to pun better than that.
Kazuko: I-I was hoping I could at least get a smile.
Miyako: I'll send a text for her to see later.
Chris: Then shall we go?
Yukie: Okay!
Matsukaze: Shoppin' with the gang? This's gonna be hype!
*The four headed out cheerfully.*
*...A short while later.*
Momoyo: The wolf's here
Takuya: Oh, Momo-senpai.
Ikurou: Shit, you're so hot your body should be illegal.
Ikurou: Time to take some pictures.
Momoyo: Hey, hey. I'll take all the peep show photos you've got, but that doesn't mean I'll let you take any of me.
Ikurou: Whoa! I'm sorry! Just please, give me back my camera!
Chika: Mmn, she really is the prettiest woman I've ever seen.
Mayo: My big sister attitude is my strongest trait, but Momo-senpai has me beat even in that.
Momoyo: Hey, lil' bro. Let's go hang out.
Yamato: Two days in a row?
Momoyo: Stop your grumbling and let's go.
*She pulled at my arm.*
Gakuto: I, too, shall go!
Shouichi: Nah, hold up. Nothing about this feels right.
Takuya: Hmm. Capt's usually right about this sort of thing...
Momoyo: Man, you guys are so nice to pay for my food.
Shouichi: Be self-responsible! Capt away!
*The boys dashed off.*
*Except me, since she still had my arm.*
Momoyo: Wow, look at 'em go.
Yamato: Nee-san, didn't you get Wanko's text?
Momoyo: Hm? I don't think so...
Momoyo: Oops! My phone service was cut off.
Yamato: That's why?!
Momoyo: First, we've gotta fix this.
Momoyo: Can you cover me? I'll pay you back by the end of the month.
Yamato: I mean, I do believe you...
*She'd always managed to pay me back thus far.*
Yamato: I assume you're aiming to work a lot until then?
Momoyo: That's the plan.
Yamato: But we've got the sports festival and then it's quiz time.
Momoyo: What's a quiz? Is it edible?
Yamato: Senpai!
Momoyo: Don't worry about it. Right now, let's just play.
Momoyo: C'mon. Let's go, lil' bro.
*She dragged me along.*
*A familiar scene was playing out in front of the school gates.*
Kyojin: Ms. Kojima, what do you say to a night at the ballpark tomorrow?
Kyojin: You probably think I'm a fan of the Kyojin Titans, but I actually like the Yakurts.
Umeko: I'm a Ogasawara fan, so I suppose we wouldn't root for the same team.
Kyojin: ...Oh? Really?
Kyojin: I was so close.
Yamato: No you weren't.
*--After school.*
Chika: Hey, guess what? Class C's Aramaki and Class D's Naitou started going out!
Mayo: Oh, I heard that too.
Chika: Oh, it's old news?
Kazuko: But get this: Hagurocchi's got a boyfriend, too!
Chika: Huh? Seriously?
Haguro: So he's this guy in dental school.
Haguro: He's kind of a pussy, but oh my god he's hot.
Chika: How did you find him?
Haguro: Well, you know. I have my ways.
Haguro: I took him out for drinks, and once he was good and drunk, I made my move.
Haguro: By the time he knows what's up, I'm already riding the stud!
Chika: Th-That's pretty extreme.
Haguro: Sorry, Chikarin, but. You know.
Haguro: We can't all be winners.
Chika: (Shut up! Why're you so good at pushing my buttons?!)
Chika: (You're worse than people who grab all the salmon at sushi-go-rounds!)
Chika: (No. I need to calm down and stay composed.)
Chika: C-Congrats!
Haguro: So, you know. If you ever wanna know the ABC's of love, just come knocking at my door.
Chika: Ahaha...
Yamato: (Ogasawara-san must be mad.)
Yamato: (Haguro-san's making enemies everywhere she goes. I'd be a fool to associate with her.)
Miyako: (Oh Yamato, the way you stoically observe people is just...)
Miyako: (I always know what you're doing... Because I love you.)
Yamato: (Ugh. I'd know that passionate, piercing stare anywhere.)
Mayo: Come to think of it, I heard that Class A's Nago-san and Class B's Tachibana-san are going out, too.
Kazuko: Wow, there's couples popping up left and right.
Chris: Everyone is talking about luck.
Miyako: Why? Because summer's just around the corner.
Chris: Hmm... And they desire someone to hang out with?
Kazuko: But they'll be missing out on the best time to train!
Chris: Dog, I have come to learn you truly love training.
Miyako: The real question is, how do I win Yamato's heart?
Chris: Miyako, I have come to learn you truly love Yamato.
Chris: ...Yet...
Chris: ...No, never mind!
Miyako: What's wrong? It's not like you to know when it's better not to say anything.
Chris: Hey, that is incredibly rude!
Miyako: I won't get that mad, so go ahead and whisper it to me.
Chris: Truly, it is nothing. Sorry.
Kazuko: If you need to go to the bathroom, you don't have to hide it.
Chris: Wh-What does that have to do with anything?
Kazuko: Because I need to go, so let's go!
Miyako: I'll go too.
Chris: ...Hmm.
Chris: Do Japanese girls accompany each other to the bathroom?
Takuya: The girls are awfully excited.
Gakuto: And me? I'm already out on the prowl.
Ikurou: But seriously, with vacation coming up, right now's our chance.
Ikurou: Girls don't wanna spend the summer alone, either. They want a boy to scratch that itch.
Gakuto: Really... I will write that down!
Gakuto: Still, Beardy hasn't so much as scratched Ms. Ume's armor.
Ikurou: There's no chance there. They're not good for each other.
Suguru: I will not deny that my heart dances at the onset of summer.
Takuya: Because of the Comic Festival?
Suguru: Of course. Now, what do say you to entering as a vendor on the first day and rushing the top booths? I'll go east, and you west!
Mitsuru: So many things taste better in the summer.
Tadakatsu: Hah. Who gives a damn.
Shouichi: Gimme all the jobs you got! I can even do long-term ones!
Gakuto: Shit. None of the guys are into it at all!
Ikurou: Right? I'll keep telling you till you get it, but you need to get a girl now!
Chika: Sorry to rain on your parade, but some of you have as many barriers to get over as Beardy does.
Ikurou: I'll march right up to those barriers and snap nude photos through the cracks!
Chika: You could at least be manly enough to knock the barriers down!
Chika: ...So, have you heard of any other couples?
Mayo: I haven't, but I am curious about one thing...
Mayo: How are things between Naoe-chan and Momo-senpai?
Yamato: ...Huh?
*I felt like a center fielder who got beaned by a ball he never saw coming.*
Chika: Oh, I so want to hear about that too.
Yamato: I mean--you...
*I checked Miyako's seat. She wasn't here.*
*I said...*
Things weren't bad
Not really
We weren't like that
Yamato: We were already an item.
Mayo: Wow.
Yamato: ...We aren't like that.
Chika: Hmm? Now why don't I believe you?
Yamato: Honestly, we're already going out.
Chika: Oh, you are such a liar.
Chris: Truly. That is not even funny, Yamato.
Yamato: S-Sorry I'm not much of a jokester.
Chika: But jokes aside, you two would be such a great couple.
Mayo: Yes, you would be charming together.
Yamato: Y-You think so?
Gakuto: Well, Yamato here and Momo-senpai... It drives me nuts, but they've got somethin' special goin' on.
Takuya: They've had a sibling relationship for ages.
Shouichi: Hm. You like her? Then go out with her.
Shouichi: In the Kazama Family, there's no rules against falling in love.
Yamato: Stop stop stop. I never said--
Mayo: But your cheeks are bright red, Naoe-chan.
Chika: My gosh, you're right! That never happens!
Haguro: You so need to ask her out already! Like, you can legit have some of my happiness, so do it!
Tadakatsu: Damn straight. Get a girlfriend, and then I don't gotta deal with you clingin' to me.
Tadakatsu: ...Hmph. I can't wait.
Ikurou: Argh! You lucky bastard! And why's it have to be someone as incredibly hot as her?!
Mitsuru: I think she's the best-looking girl in the school.
Mitsuru: If you did go out with someone like her, I'd have to buy you dinner.
Suguru: She lacks the splendor of a 3D girl, yet... It is a justifiable choice.
Yamato: Hey, wait. Is it something to get that excited about?
Chika: I mean, you've been hanging out after school practically every day.
Mayo: I've never seen you two this close.
Ikurou: This summer's going to mean something special to you, in more ways than you can imagine.
Yamato: Hahaha. Y-You think so?
*A meaningful summer, huh?*
*--After school.*
*I went off by myself and took some time to think.*
*What if Nee-san and I went out, I wondered.*
*Then summer would truly be meaningful.*
*Things were getting lively all around us, with couples popping up every second.*
*So... This was my chance, too!*
*Everyone had acted like it was already a done deal.*
*But how did Nee-san herself feel?*
*I figured it could work, but...*
*Maybe I should call a third party.*
Yamato: Hey, Shimokitazawa-kun? (I asked over the phone.)
Yamato: Can you give me your thoughts about a situation I'm stuck in? You see...
*I explained everything to him.*
Yamato: ...So what should I do?
Shimokitazawa: Yamato-chan, Yamato-chan.
Yamato: Hm?
Shimokitazawa: That sounds like bragging to me.
Yamato: Seriously?
Shimokitazawa: The chick's already fallen for you.
Shimokitazawa: So get off your butt and pop the question.
Shimokitazawa: It'll work.
Yamato: Oh... You're sure?
Shimokitazawa: Heck, the way you talk about her, you totally love her, right?
Yamato: Yeah, I guess.
Shimokitazawa: Then you gotta go for it.
Shimokitazawa: Girls that good don't last long. You sit on this, you gonna miss out.
*Shimokitazawa-kun was passionate in his words, and then he hung up.*
Yamato: I see... I get it.
*Me and Nee-san...?*
Momoyo: Oh, I found you! You were on that phone forever.
Yamato: Y-Yeah.
Momoyo: Let's play. A girl my age just wants to have fun!
Yamato: S-Sure.
Momoyo: What's wrong?
*Thinking about this now would just give her a bad impression of me.*
*I decided to try acting naturally.*
Yamato: It's nothing.
Momoyo: Hmm?
Momoyo: There's so much going on tomorrow with the sports festival setup, so...
Yamato: It's too bad we're not on the same team.
*Okay, things were back to normal.*
*I had to calm down... I could figure this out after the sports festival.*
*--The day of Kawakami Academy's sports festival.*
*Kawakami Academy was famous for the crazy things we'd compete in, but--*
Gakuto: This sucks!
Shouichi: There's something wrong with how unexciting this is.
Chris: I am decently enjoying myself.
Chris: Yamato, are you fired up?
Yamato: Hmm, kinda.
Chris: That is unacceptable.
Yamato: Don't act like it's just me. Everyone's this way.
Miyako: Teaming up with 2-S really has sapped our enthusiasm.
Jun: Hey, hey. Don't pin this on us.
Kokoro: Indeed, it is a disgrace that I, a noblewoman, should have to partner with you monkeys, and yet I am making do.
2-S Student: Don't call them monkeys, Fushikawa-san. They're not that bad. Maybe rotten oranges, at worst.
*Fushikawa's line set off roars of laughter amid the 2-S students.*
*I could hear the scorn.*
*I couldn't stand any one of them, but there was no denying they had talent. If I could--*
Gakuto: This is starting to piss me off, bein' paired up with you.
Azumi: You're trying to cast yourself as the victim, but...
Azumi: Please try to remember how much trouble we go through to make up for your incompetence.
Kokoro: Precisely. We are not half so cruel towards anyone other than you.
Kokoro: You make so much noise that we cannot study. Your tardiness caused the teachers to tighten the rules. Your tests alone brought down the school's average!
Chris: Hey, perhaps we do have our flaws.
Kazuko: Yeah, they know how to hit us where it hurts.
Ikurou: Well, at least we don't treat people like rotten oranges!
Chika: That's right, monkey. You actually have a point for once!
Ikurou: Shut it, Blondie! This isn't about you!
Chika: What gives? I was trying to give you a compliment.
Azumi: My, my, fighting in the ranks?  Then maybe grab those little tongues of yours and rip them out.
Hideo: Enough. They must want for food and clothing. How We pity them.
Hideo: We must hope they do not hold Us back.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, the boys' tug-of-war is starting soon.
Hideo: We shall take part Ourself. Blow the trumpet to signal Our departure!
Hideo: Mwahaha! This! This is Our combat dress!
Azumi: You are chiseled perfection, Hideo-sama!
Chris: Wh-What is that?!
Yamato: Oh, we never told you, did we?
Takuya: That's just who Kuki is.
Kazuko: I've seen so many people half-naked in the middle of training, but that still creeps me out.
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, bear witness to Our gallant victory.
Kazuko: EEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKK!
Shouichi: Hey, keep your distance. You tryin' to give her a heart attack?
Hideo: Though divine it may be, you need not tremble in fear.
Tadakatsu: That thing of yours just makes me wanna puke.
Hideo: You were not given permission to speak, commoner.
Tadakatsu: And I'm supposed to fucking care?
Hideo: Oh, you have spirit! Well? What say you to a position in the Kuki Conglomerate?
Yamato: Nice going, Gen-san. You've got yourself a job.
Tadakatsu: Like hell I'm goin' there, dumbass!
Chika: Well, I mean, sure I'm creeped out, but...
Chika: He is totally hot.
Gakuto: ......!!!
Gakuto: Heh. Kuki, you don't look half-bad.
Gakuto: And yet! Your body is nothing compared to my ripplin' muscles!
Chris: Hey, hey, hey!
Takuya: Why're you taking off your clothes too?!
Gakuto: Because I'll never lose to him!
Gakuto: Behold these biceps! Your body is decently sculpted, but mine was made by Michelangelo!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Balance is key! Muscles alone do not make the man!
Koyuki: Touma, guess what I know?
Koyuki: People like that are called dumbos.
Touma: Quite so. You shouldn't stare at them so, Yuki.
Koyuki: I'm good. No matter what I look at, it's all the same to me.
Umeko: ...This is bad. How can they compete if they cannot cooperate?
Kyojin: I think our two classes need to have the chance to square off, sooner or later.
Umeko: I agree. This is a disaster for everyone, especially those from other classes caught in the crossfire.
Tesshin: I couldn't help but overhear that. I've been keeping an eye on this situation.
Kyojin: Oh, Principal. Thank you for--
Tesshin: These two classes will fight for pride and for honor sooner or later.
Tesshin: We must prepare for them the greatest of festivals: The Kawakami War.
Umeko: A War? That legendary display of violence?
Kyojin: Kawakami Wars... Out of all the ways we have to carry out duels, it's the biggest and craziest of all.
Kyojin: I've never even seen one myself.
Tesshin: Indeed. That event will far eclipse this sports festival.
Umeko: Hundreds of students could be injured...
Tesshin: Oh, we can manage that. Simply tell people it's all in good fun.
*...As the games continued, the Seiryuu Army never found their footing.*
*The Byakko Army was running away with the win.*
Lu: Event #21: Seniors' Horseback Archery. Begin!
Momoyo: Hahaha! Yeah, it's nice to spice things up with a bow sometimes!
*No one could stop Nee-san. No surprise there.*
Momoyo: Let's go!
*And she fought so beautifully.*
Lu: All targets hit! First place, Kawakami Momoyo!
Momoyo: Heheh. You didn't think I was going to let anyone top me, did you?
*I'd seen this from her so many times, yet still it set my heart to racing.*
*But I wasn't the only one admiring her performance. Far from it.*
*Everyone, seniors and freshmen and everyone in between, was captivated by her performance.*
*Dazzled, even. And yet...*
Momoyo: What's wrong, lil' bro? This year, your class barely even put up a fight.
Momoyo: You couldn't get fired up without having someone to beat?
*I didn't just want to look. I didn't want to just admire.*
*I was in a position where I could go out with her.*
Momoyo: But I did see you got first in your individual events.
Yamato: Well yeah. I play to win.
Momoyo: That's the spirit.
*--Okay. I'd made up my mind.*
*I would ask her out.*
*So many good things were sure to come from that.*
*A cheer erupted behind us.*
Lu: Boys Relay, first place: Seiryuu Army!
Shouichi: Huff, huff... Sweeeeet!
Shouichi: That'll put us back in the running.
Kazuko: Nice going, Capt! You ran like the wind!
Shouichi: Sure we're not all into it, but getting pummeled ain't my style.
*It turned out Capt had passed four people on the anchor leg on his way to victory.*
*And so he was met with cheers and applause.*
Momoyo: He knows how to shine, our Capt.
Yamato: Yeap.
*Even here, he was our hero.*
*I was proud of him, but another emotion welled up within me too.*
*Someday, I wanted to beat him in something, anything.*
*I mean, not a test of intelligence. I could already beat him there.*
*But in a real match, mano-a-mano, he was my best ally. I couldn't imagine a world where we'd wind up fighting.*
*And so the curtain closed on the sports festival without us ever getting into the swing of things.*
Miyako: Yesterday's sports festival was kind of a bummer, huh.
Yamato: Yeah, it was.
*I was alone in my room with Miyako.*
Miyako: What's wrong, Yamato? You seem off.
Yamato: Miyako, I need to ask you something. Can you promise you'll stay calm?
Miyako: Okay...
Yamato: The truth is, I'm thinking of asking Nee-san out.
Miyako: ---Mm.
Yamato: I can't stop thinking about her.
Yamato: So it feels like it's time to give it a try.
Yamato: But I knew I had to tell you before I did anything.
Miyako: ...I see.
Miyako: I had a feeling this was coming, but it's still a shock.
*I thought you might have had an inkling.*
Yamato: Miyako, are you okay with that?
Miyako: It doesn't matter. This is how you feel.
Miyako: I don't really have a choice.
Yamato: I guess.
Miyako: And I love Momo-senpai too, as a friend. So how could I say no?
*She proved more understanding than I'd expected.*
*Honestly, I thought she'd rage.*
Miyako: But Yamato, my feelings for you won't change.
Yamato: Hm...?
Miyako: No matter who you fall in love with, my love for you will last forever.
Miyako: My feelings will never fade.
Yamato: But that will bring you pain.
Miyako: I couldn't stop loving you if I tried. I won't interfere, or get in your way... So please.
Miyako: Don't try to stop my love, either. Because you can't.
Yamato: ...Okay...
Miyako: If something happens, please remember that.
Miyako: ...Okay? I'll always love you.
Miyako: If something happens -- when something happens -- you have to remember that.
Miyako: I'll be waiting.
*Miyako whispered, and then left the room.*
Miyako: --Whew.
Miyako: This isn't like Yamato... He must've caught the romantic fever passing through our class.
Miyako: I know I handled this the right way, if this is what he wants to do...
Miyako: ...Momo-senpai, huh? If I had to pick someone else, I'd pick her, but...
Yamato: ...Poor Miyako.
Yamato: But I had to put my foot down, to tidy up those loose ends.
Yamato: ...I won't wait any longer... Tomorrow, I'm confessing to her!
*I'd surprise everyone with the good news after I'd succeeded.*
*Tomorrow was a lucky day. Things were looking up.*
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, I'm gonna do it.
*I said to my beloved hermit crabs.*
*The two of them stepped side-to-side in that cute way of theirs.*
*I'd just cleaned the tank, and they couldn't be happier.*
Yamato: And now it's time to feed you. Here, I've brought some carrots. Next is popcorn. Enjoy.
Yamato: ...Nevertheless...
Yamato: When we do go out, what's the first thing we should do?
Yamato: The sky's the limit...
Yamato: Please let the forecast be right, and for tomorrow to be sunny.
*There wasn't a cloud in the sky. It was the perfect day to confess my love.*
*I spent class coming up with a plan.*
History Teacher: Now, let us begin another elegant day of learning about the Heian Era.
*Surely my odds were greater than 10 to 1...*
*I knew just where to do it -- at the spot that meant so much to both of us.*
History Teacher: It was then that envoys brought Chinese food to Japan, and people learned to turn wheat into noodles, yes.
Gakuto: And that's where we get ramen.
History Teacher: That began during the Edo period, no? During the Heian period, noodles were strictly of the udon variety.
*What memory was that?*
Momoyo: You've really grown on me, Yamato.
Momoyo: Follow me wherever I go.
*She held out her hand.*
*My memories of those days were a tad fuzzy, but...*
*...I was certain of one thing -- I took her hand and shook it.*
Yamato: ...Heh... Thanks to that, there's no way I can lose.
*Evening should be the perfect time to confess.*
*I would make everything just as it had been back then.*
*I was certain she'd love that.*
History Teacher: Naoe! You would pay Maro's lecture no attention? That is impertinent! Insolent! Preposterous!
Yamato: Sorry, but I was paying attention.
History Teacher: Then tell us the name of the Heian Era food where steamed brown rice is rolled into the shape of an egg!
Yamato: Earlier, you called it tonjiki.
History Teacher: Mm, so you were listening, no?
*I would let my thoughts run, but not so much that I lost sight of everything around me.*
*I had my plan. Now I just had to make it work.*
*--Later, after school.*
*The sun had begun to set, perfecting my recreation of the past.*
Momoyo: What's wrong, lil' bro? Something on your mind?
*She'd come here, like she always did.*
Yamato: Yeah. I've been thinking about a lot lately.
*I handed her the peach soda I'd bought from a vending machine.*
Momoyo: You know just what I want.
*And so we proceeded to chat about random things.*
*First, I had to set the mood.*
*But I couldn't take too long. I wanted to do it before the rest of our friends came by.*
Momoyo: ...This river bed brings me back.
Yamato: Yeah. We've got so many memories of this place.
Momoyo: So lately, you noticed how everyone's talking about love?
Yamato: Yeah. Summer vacation's almost here after all.
Momoyo: That makes sense.
Momoyo: All the senior girls think you guys are being weird.
Yamato: How so?
Momoyo: They can't figure out why you don't have girlfriends.
Momoyo: Haha. Well, they're mostly curious about Capt.
*This is it! She wasn't going to give me a better chance than this!*
Yamato: I can't speak for anyone else, but...
Momoyo: Hmm?
Yamato: There's a reason I don't have a girlfriend.
Momoyo: Which is?
*I looked her in the eyes.*
Yamato: Please don't be surprised.
Momoyo: Yamato...
Yamato: I'm in love with you... I love you, Kawakami Momoyo.
Momoyo: --!
Yamato: So I could never go out with anyone else.
Yamato: And I don't mean I love you as a friend.
Yamato: I truly love you.
*--I'd said it!*
*That had to have worked. Now she'd smile for me, and then...*
Momoyo: ...Hmm.
*Huh? Why'd she give me such a muted response?!*
Momoyo: Sure I've spent a ton of time with you lately.
Momoyo: Maybe that gave you mixed signals.
Yamato: Oh.
*She gazed at the sun's reflection on the water's surface.*
Momoyo: I love you, Yamato.
Momoyo: As my lil' bro, and as a friend.
Momoyo: But I just can't see you as a man.
Yamato: --!
Momoyo: So why don't we just stay friends?
Yamato: O-Oh...
*This couldn't be happening... She was supposed to have feelings for me.*
*Or was all of this just in my head?*
Momoyo: ...Sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you. To give you the wrong impression.
Momoyo: But what can't be, can't be. And I can't see you as a man.
*Had it all really been a wrong impression of mine?*
*An awkward silence followed.*
Yamato: ...Okay. But could I ask you one thing?
Momoyo: Sure.
Yamato: --Nee-san, don't you remember?
Momoyo: Remember what?
Yamato: What you told me when we were kids, right here, right as the sun was setting.
Yamato: To follow you wherever you went.
Yamato: Have you forgotten? ...I didn't.
Momoyo: ...There's a shocker.
Yamato: Haha. So you did forget.
*Well, I couldn't say I was surprised.*
Momoyo: So you remember too.
Yamato: What?
Momoyo: Then you oughta know exactly why I shot you down.
Yamato: Huh...? I-I... I did what you told me to do -- I took your hand, I followed you!
Momoyo: That's right.
Momoyo: But did you forget the words that came before that?
Yamato: Eh?
Momoyo: I first told you that 'cause I was planning on having you be my lil' bro forever.
Momoyo: But what you said to me then...
Momoyo: It was something else, Prime Minister Naoe.
Yamato: Huh? Prime Minister? Me?
*I desperately tried to remember.*
Momoyo: ...Heheh. Well, if you forgot, then that's that.
Momoyo: They say a kid's dream can't outlive their childhood.
Momoyo: But I had big hopes for you. And I mean that.
Yamato: ......
Momoyo: Besides, in the first place, do you really love me?
Momoyo: Definitely didn't feel that way to me.
*She turned around as she said this.*
Momoyo: See ya.
*Then walked away.*
*But as she vanished into the horizon, it started coming back to me.*
*My childhood dream... being prime minister...*
*Those words were the key to slowly unlock my recollection of those ancient events.*
*...Back then, I'd...*
Momoyo: It's nice having a lil' bro.
Momoyo: You've really grown on me, Yamato.
Momoyo: Follow me wherever I go.
*She held out her hand.*
*Back then, I...*
Yamato: No way.
*...had turned her down.*
Momoyo: Mmph.
*And then had said,*
Yamato: If I'm following you, it won't be from behind.
Yamato: I want to walk with you, side by side.
Momoyo: Huh... But you can't measure up to me in a fight.
Yamato: Maybe so, but I've got a pretty good head on my shoulders.
Yamato: Since I can't beat you in strength, I'll have to compliment your brawn with my intelligence.
Momoyo: ...Ah, so that's how you'd be my equal...
Momoyo: It'll take more than a token effort to stand by my side.
Yamato: I can do it. Heck, you know what? I'm going to be the Prime Minister.
Momoyo: The Prime Minister? What're you even saying?
Yamato: Well, that's just one idea.
Yamato: But I won't be satisfied unless I become someone who can shape this country's future.
Yamato: Who can fix this debt-ridden mess of a nation.
Momoyo: Hahahahaha! What are you, a kindergartener?
Momoyo: But okay. You pull that off, you'd be my equal. Heck, maybe I'd have to work to keep up with you!
Momoyo: That's how high you're aiming to shoot?
Yamato: Yeap.
Momoyo: No small potatoes.
Yamato: Not in the slightest.
Momoyo: Then I'll keep an eye on you from up close.
Momoyo: Here's to the days ahead.
Yamato: Yeap.
*And so, we shook hands.*
Yamato: ...Yeah, I did say something about being the Prime Minister.
Yamato: It's all come back to me now.
*But she was out of sight, now. No one heard that except myself.*
*I'd said I would become someone great enough to change the world.*
*It was the kind of dream a child would have.*
*One a child would lose as he grew older, once he'd learned how the world really worked.*
*Once he'd learned something could be *just* a dream.*
*And so I'd let myself forget, assuming Nee-san didn't really mean it either.*
*Bringing me to this moment, where I'd confessed my love without ever proving I had the intensity to stand by her side.*
*Heck, I'd practically only done it because everyone else was -- what sort of a reason was that?!*
*My heart hadn't been in it. And she'd known.*
Yamato: I'm such an idiot.
Old Man: ...?
*An old man passing by jumped in surprise.*
Yamato: ...Nee-san never, ever forgot.
*She'd hoped to see me become a great man.*
*Nothing could have made her happier. Nothing.*
*But here I was instead, just another boring idiot blending into the crowd.*
*As I'd matured, I'd learned to live the easy life.*
*Which meant I guess I'd let her down.*
*But when a woman -- specifically, a woman as amazing as she -- had big hopes for me, was that the way I should live?*
*Well?!*
I'll go for it
That wasn't realistic
Yamato: There's really so much that would get in the way of that.
Yamato: Besides, thinking you can change the country is something you should grow out of.
Yamato: Which means... Me and Nee-san just isn't going to happen.
*Beautiful though she was, she was out of my league.*
*All the other guys had already figured that out. That was why they didn't try to get with her.*
*And now I was going to do the same.*
*We'd still be friends, of course, but...*
*Well, I could keep living the easy life.*
*I figured I'd do a decent job of it.*
*............*
*......*
*I took the usual road home today.*
*Then, I received a call.*
Yamato: Yeah. I'm heading home now, Miyako.
*Twenty years had passed since then.*
*I was a middle-aged man now.*
*I'd found a decent career, made a decent name for myself, and had a decent life.*
*That was the path I had chosen.*
*I had Miyako, a wife who was devoted to me.*
*Children passed me by.*
Child A: Yeah, I wanna be a pro baseball player! I'll join the Bay Stars, and then they'll win the pennant!
Child B: Haha, not a chance. Be realistic.
Yamato: He's right. If you don't, you'll only embarrass yourself, Child A.
Yamato: You have to grow up.
*The clouds had turned red.*
*I slowly raised my head towards the setting sun.*
*'Where would I be if I'd made different choices?'*
*But fantasizing wouldn't get me anywhere.*
*I'd made my choices knowing what I was capable of, and what I wasn't.*
*...When had I become an adult?*
*Another day ended.*
*But there was joy in this life, in a way.*
Yamato: I'll go for it!
*Kawakami Momoyo, had staked her hopes on me.*
*I wanted to be the sort of man who could live up to those hopes.*
*And most of all, I wanted to live up to my potential.*
*I took a deep breath, taking in the future and all it held...*
*...and exhaled the pessimism that had poisoned me.*
Yamato: Okay, time to start anew!
Yamato: I can do this.
*I could better myself. I could reach new heights.*
*With faith in myself restored, there was one thing left to do...*
*I chased after Nee-san.*
Yamato: Nee-san...
*She'd remembered our past.*
*She'd been watching me all this time...*
*In that instant, I loved her so much, the feelings I'd had only a minute before felt as empty to me as they had to her.*
*I'd stumbled, but nothing could keep me down!*
*I sprinted fast as I could, and soon caught up to her.*
Yamato: Nee-san!
Momoyo: What's going on? Why're you short on breath?
Yamato: I remember now. I remember what I said.
Momoyo: Hmm. Even though you'd forgotten.
Yamato: Yeah... So I went and got what I'd forgotten.
Yamato: Don't let your eye off me for a second, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Oh...? That's a big bark.
Momoyo: You'd better have a bite to go with it.
Yamato: Yeah...
Yamato: First, I want to apologize for saying what I did out of the blue.
Momoyo: Makes sense. You even caught me off guard.
Yamato: This Sunday, how about we... Oh! We could go hang out in Nanahama, the next town over?
Momoyo: ...Sunday? I could do Sunday.
Momoyo: But if you're trying to show you're sorry, I expect a king's ransom.
Yamato: Yeah, I'll pay it this time.
Momoyo: Then I can't wait.
Yamato: Okay!
Momoyo: See ya.
*She smiled.*
*And my heart skipped a beat.*
*...Had she always been this beautiful?*
*--That night, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Miyako: So Yamato said he was confessing his love today, but...
Miyako: Since Momo-senpai's acting like her usual self, it must not have gone well. I bet she shot him down.
Miyako: In other words, Yamato's confidence should be broken, leaving him to wallow in self-pity.
Miyako: So I'll kindly comfort that wound on his heart. I'll be slow, careful, and seductive.
Miyako: Once that happens, heh heh... Yamato will be all over me.
Miyako: Oh, I feel wet just thinking about it.
Yamato: I'm home.
Miyako: He's back! Time to start!
Miyako: Welcome back, Yamato.
Miyako: ...?!
Yamato: Well, I'm off to study.
Yamato: After all, step one is making it into Class S next year.
Miyako: Y-Yamato, what's going on with you?
Yamato: Oh, well I confessed to Nee-san, but it didn't work out.
Miyako: I-I see. That's too bad.
Yamato: But I won't give up.
Yamato: I can do this, Miyako.
Miyako: I never imagined failure would only make him more passionate...
Miyako: But even so...
Miyako: I'm not giving up either, Yamato...
*--That morning, on our way to school.*
*I'd only told Miyako about what had happened between me and Nee-san.*
Takuya: I saw a summary video yesterday for that Monday night primetime drama, and wow that was some story.
Gakuto: Real Love War, right? That show jumped the shark years ago.
Yukie: Couples break up, then cling to each other and fall back in love, only to break up once more... It's like a stormy sea.
Chris: Oh? I never knew of this show.
Yukie: Well, I'm afraid it's already ended.
Takuya: Chris, I think you'd have liked the episode titles.
Yukie: Episode 7 was called 'Love Honnouji: My Heart Burns with Love'.
Matsukaze: Then you've got episode 8, 'Love Shizugatake: This's how I fight'.
Gakuto: Plus Episode 9, 'Love Anegawa: Bye-bye, Traitors'.
Gakuto: And you can't forget Episode 4, 'Love Okehazama: Sneak Attack For The Win'!
Chris: Love this, love that... Love anything, I suspect.
Chris: Yet you have piqued my interest.
Takuya: Uh, with how straight-laced you are, I think maybe it'd just make you upset.
Gakuto: What I wouldn't give to live a minute of that playboy life.
Chris: Your critique confuses me, but I do know I cannot condone such a lifestyle.
Chris: Gakuto, if you do fall to such lows, rest assured I will warn you.
*I couldn't imagine anything more peaceful than this discussion of the primetime drama.*
Momoyo: Yo.
Kazuko: Yeah.
Miyako: Yay.
Matsukaze: Doooom!
Chris: Again, can you not greet her in Japanese?
Yukie: O-Ohayou gozaimasu.
Momoyo: ...Hmm.
Momoyo: Hey, lil' bro.
Yamato: Y-Yeah?
Momoyo: So no one knows, right?
Yamato: Yup.
Momoyo: ...And now you're blushing why?
*Shoot. Simply having her so close by had set my heart to racing.*
Momoyo: Are you running a fever?
*She pressed her forehead against mine.*
Momoyo: Whoa, you really are burning up.
Yamato: Yes, but not for the reason you think.
Momoyo: Hmm?
*I mean, I was thankful she was treating me the way she always had, but this was too much!*
*I couldn't help but think about her.*
Momoyo: ...Lemme see if I'm right.
Momoyo: You're embarrassed?
Yamato: I am a boy at my age.
Momoyo: Heheh, that's adorable.
*She stared straight into my eyes.*
Momoyo: ...You've got a fire in your eyes, a resolute will.
Momoyo: That's what I wanna see.
Momoyo: Because just being cute's not good enough.
Yamato: Yeah.
Momoyo: Then I won't give up on you yet.
Miyako: ...Nngh.
Miyako: (Did she really shoot him down? It feels like they're closer than ever.)
Miyako: Everything's out of my control...
*--Class 2-F.*
History Teacher: Now, let us have another fun day of studying the Heian Era, no?
Ikurou: When're we gonna talk about the Sengoku Era?
History Teacher: Silence! We will not lay so much as a finger on that barbaric age.
Chika: Won't that, like, be a problem for us?
Ikurou: (Bor-ing... I'll just sleep with my eyes open.)
Yamato: (Mmm...)
*My old plans for the future had had me going to a decently respectable school, but that wasn't good enough anymore.*
*Ryuuou University's political economics program was highly practical.*
*In fact, many of the current movers-and-shakers graduated from there.*
*I had my goal. Now I just had to pull it off.*
Mayo: Aren't we going to study the Edo period, too?
History Teacher: Silence! We will not lay so much as a toe on the age when the nobility fell in stature.
*To that end, step one was to enter the advanced class, Class S, at the start of my senior year.*
*Ryuuou had a few slots reserved for Class S students. I'd get myself recommended for one of them.*
*It was an easier route than taking the exams, and I was confident a bit of cleverness could get me through.*
*Plus, I had relatives and friends in Ryuuou. What wasn't to like?*
Mitsuru: Then you won't be doing modern history either?
History Teacher: Silence! We will not lay any part of our body on the age when all grace and refinement is slowly sapped from the world!
Tadakatsu: This is fucked-up...
*I couldn't stand the people in Class S, but I was past worrying about silly things like that.*
*Besides, I'd still get to see my friends on the way to school, at the dorm, and at the Friday Meetings.*
*I'd still miss them, but it was nothing I couldn't handle.*
History Teacher: Naoe Yamato! You weren't listening, no? Tell us: Where was this elegant man you see before you born?!
Yamato: --Oh.
*Shit, I hadn't been listening. I had no idea what his birthplace was.*
Yamato: (Tch. He's too close to ask anyone.) Umm, Kyoto?
History Teacher: Incorrect! Maro is from Hiraizumi, the world heritage site that was once part of Oushuu.
History Teacher: Your grades will suffer should you fail to listen to me! And do not forget that, yes?!
*Shoot. I was desperate for a good rapport with the teachers. Piss him off now, and everything else would be a waste of time.*
Yamato: I'm sorry.
History Teacher: Maro will grant you this one exemption, yes. Be more careful in the future.
*No worries there, I thought.*
Gakuto: Dammit, there's somethin' weird goin' on with Yamato.
Takuya: What do you think happened? I can't remember the last time I saw him like this.
Ikurou: (Shit, I had a wet dream during class!)
Gakuto: And then there's Yonpachi bein' weird too. He's even more confusing.
Shouichi: --Hmm.
Umeko: ...Oh? So you want to move over to Class S, the advanced class, at the start of your senior year?
*I was in a one-on-one counseling session with Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: You met the requirements to enter at the start of the year, yet chose to decline...
Umeko: And now you want to join them?
Yamato: I had something of a change of heart.
Yamato: At the start of the year, I thought that all I wanted was to hang out with my friends.
Yamato: But now, if I want my dreams for the future to come true, I have to join Class S.
Umeko: Hmm... Your will is firm, I see.
Yamato: I've spent the last few days thinking this through. This isn't a spur-of-the-moment de--
Umeko: Yes, I know.
Umeko: Ryuuou was my school as well. You have my support.
Umeko: I actually attended via a recommendation as well.
*I knew, of course. That was part of why I'd made my choice.*
Umeko: I'll support you however I can.
Yamato: Thank you very much.
*Even those little things should give me an edge.*
Umeko: However, I feel like this is a very natural choice for you.
Yamato: How so?
Umeko: I could not ask you to be more determined, and you have a realizable dream in mind.
Umeko: For instance, if you told me you wanted to attend Touou Law, determination alone would not be enough.
Yamato: I'm lucky that being here gets me one step closer towards my top choice.
Umeko: Press that luck, and nothing can stop you. Don't forget that.
Umeko: Also, since you're seeking a recommendation, one of the best steps you could take would be to--
Yamato: To run for Student Council President in the fall?
Umeko: Exactly. I clearly don't need to tell you that.
*Things were starting to get interesting.*
*I would need to do more than just study.*
*To be elected President, I'd have to widen my circle of acquaintances.*
Yamato: Hey there!
Kokoro: Y-Yes?
Kokoro: What was that about?
*I'd have to work hard to get Nee-san to win Nee-san's heart.*
*And of course, I still had to make time for my friends. I couldn't drive myself to the point where I hated doing all this, or even snapped.*
Yamato: Hello!
Azumi: Why, hello to you too
Azumi: Wait, what am I showing you a frickin' ounce of respect for?
*It was a lot of work, but I'd never felt more alive.*
*If only there were more than 24 hours in a day...*
Yamato: Hello, Senpai!
Archery Club Captain: I bid you good day.
Gakuto: Hey, does Yamato look driven to you?
Takuya: I feel like he's had a spring in his step all week.
Shouichi: So last night, he spent ages studyin' in his room.
Shouichi: But later -- must've been 11? -- he popped out to join in our poker game.
Gakuto: Who were you playin' with? Chris? Invite me too.
Shouichi: Nah, just Cookie and Gen-san, though Gen-san was grumbling the whole time.
Gakuto: Then you made the right choice not to call me.
Takuya: All the same, Yamato's spending a lot more time studying these days.
Shouichi: It ain't like he's acting any different. What do you think's going on?
Gakuto: He must be tryin' to strengthen his core.
Takuya: Wow. That was really eloquent, relatively speaking.
Gakuto: Now, there's only one reason a guy would do such a thing, and that's--
Shouichi: --'Cause he's got something to shoot for.
Takuya: --Because he fell in love, and wants to be someone the girl will love too.
Gakuto: --Because he's out to defeat someone.
Shouichi: Uh, hold up. We all said different things.
Gakuto: What's Miyako saying? She gets Yamato better than any of us.
Shouichi: Well, she ain't said much of anything.
Shouichi: Just that maybe he's had a change of heart.
Gakuto: Miyako would only react like that if it had somethin' to do with a girl.
Takuya: Oh, then I was right.
Shouichi: Hey, c'mon! We don't know for sure!
Gakuto: Capt, it's not like you win anythin' for being right.
Gakuto: We'll just have to ask Yamato himself.
Takuya: Won't he talk about it tomorrow at the Friday Meeting?
Gakuto: It might be somethin' that would be weird to say in front of the girls.
Shouichi: But not guys? How?
Takuya: Well, I guess... We are teenagers.
Gakuto: Maybe the way he's doing himself isn't doin' it for him anymore... I've gotten sick of apple pies myself.
Takuya: No one in the world has that issue besides you, Gakuto!
Shouichi: Sweet. So let's ask him today!
Jun: What are you three guys huddling up for?
Touma: You wouldn't mind if I huddled up with you, would you?
Jun: Stop! ...Young Master, is there anyone who isn't in your strike zone?
Gakuto: Kh! I'd never want to blow a wad of words at someone from Class S!
Jun: Uh, no need to be disgusting. Let's all get along, eh?
Gakuto: ...Well, I've got nothin' against you personally, but...
Takuya: Things are pretty bad. The girls in our class are all saying you guys keep tripping them and worse.
Jun: Really? Then damn, I'm sorry.
Touma: We ourselves hope for a more harmonious coexistence.
Touma: After all, love and peace rock my song.
Shouichi: Me, I'm thinking us two classes are gonna square off sooner or later.
Jun: Good grief. I don't have the energy for that.
Takuya: Still there's a few people in our class who want to get along too.
Shouichi: Yeah, like Class Rep and her crew.
Jun: --Y-Your class rep said that?!
Takuya: Yep. And they might be heading over to your room soon as members of a peace delegation, so keep an eye on them?
Jun: Leave it to me. I'll make sure we warmly accept them!
Gakuto: You're as simple as they come, you lolicon.
Jun: Stop it, I'll blush. Wait. Should I be blushing? ...Eh, I'm pretty sure I should.
Takuya: I-I don't know how to make fun of that... Damn.
*--That night, in my room at the Shimazu Dorm.*
*I had spent a lot of the day studying.*
*Now I needed to turn my thoughts towards how to win Nee-san's heart.*
Yamato: In the heat of the moment, I invited her to hang out on Sunday, but... I don't actually have any plans.
*Nanahama, the largest port city in Japan, had a population that far outstripped Kawakami's.*
*There were so many choices. Which would be best?*
Shouichi: Hey! I'm coming in, like it or not!
Yamato: What's going on, Capt?
Gakuto: I too have come following my training, the sweat still drippin' from my muscles.
Yamato: Then how about you come back once you've wiped yourself down?
Takuya: I'm here too.
Yamato: Hey, hey, there's way too much of a testosterone overload in this room.
Shouichi: Now, why don't you let us hear what's got you down?
Gakuto: You seem almost desperate. Why? We have to know.
Yamato: Oh... You guys are worried about me?
Takuya: We'll do everything we can to help, if you'll let us.
*Moro gazed at me passionately.*
Yamato: Th-Thanks, I guess...
*And I meant that, but I had no idea how much I should share.*
*But the more I thought about it, the more I realized there was no way I could keep my pursuit of Nee-san a secret forever.*
*Was it better to just tell them everything now?*
Spill the beans
Only tell them a little
Yamato: ...All right. I'll tell you everything.
*Since they were going to find out anyway, I'd rather tell them now.*
*Plus, this was a good opportunity. I could talk about anything with them.*
Yamato: --Mn, so to sum everything up...
Shouichi: Hey, hey. You're skipping straight to the end? You're killing me, man.
Gakuto: Tell all! Reveal all! Bare it all!
Yamato: You guys wanna know that badly?
Yamato: But I don't really want to drag you all into this...
Shouichi: You dummy.
Yamato: Where'd that come from?
Shouichi: If I were in your shoes, here's what I'd say.
Shouichi: 'Why do you think we all hang out together?'
Shouichi: Because we're friends. If you need help, just ask.
Shouichi: Tell me I'm wrong.
*The other two had nodded along.*
Yamato: I couldn't ask for better friends.
Gakuto: Right, then now's the time to apologize. Sorry, but I fed your hermit crabs the other day while you were out, so it's my fault they weren't hungry. Hahaha.
Yamato: That's not funny. Later, I'm going to have you sit in the corner and think about what you did.
Gakuto: Noooo! Me and my big mouth!
Yamato: So, time for me to talk. But once I do, I'll be looking for that help of yours.
Shouichi: Hit me with your best shot. Whatever the truth is, it won't change how I think about you!
Yamato: You see...
*I told them the honest truth about my feelings for Nee-san.*
Yamato: So you see, that's why I need to improve myself.
Gakuto: So it does have to do with a girl... Plus, you're aimin' for Momo-senpai?!
Takuya: I'm impressed how you're still trying, even after she said 'no'.
Shouichi: That explains all the weird feelings I've been having the past few days.
Yamato: Do I have you guys' support?
Shouichi: You even gotta ask?
Takuya: Of course. I'll do everything I can to help.
Gakuto: I kind of had a thing for Momo-senpai too, honestly...
Gakuto: But I guess it's less that I like her and more that I admire her.
Gakuto: All right! Yamato, I've got your back.
Gakuto: But! If all goes well, you have to help with my romantic endeavors next.
Yamato: Oh, sure. You have someone in mind, too?
Gakuto: Not yet, but I want you ready for when I do. That'll be our promise, man to man.
Takuya: Still... I'm shocked Miyako's not up in arms.
Takuya: This must be why she's been looking down, though.
Shouichi: There's nothing we can do 'bout that. She's just gotta learn to move on.
Yamato: Then I hereby announce the first meeting of the organization to make my love bear fruit.
Takuya: What specifically should we do?
Gakuto: ......
Takuya: ......
Shouichi: ...?
Shouichi: Uh guys, one of you oughta think of something!
Gakuto: I realized our plan's fatal flaw -- none of us has a girl in their life.
Takuya: I doubt my advice would be helpful... I don't have any experience.
Shouichi: I got an idea, and it's a classic. We'll send Gakuto after Momo-senpai, and Yamato saves her!
Gakuto: Can we please stick to plans that give me better chances of survival than runnin' head-first into a dump truck?
Takuya: This is tricky... How do you start a relationship when you're already so close?
Yamato: I know! How distant am I even supposed to be?
Yamato: I just don't know...
Shouichi: Lemme bring in some extra help. One sec.
Shouichi: --Got him.
Tadakatsu: The hell? Let go, dammit!
Yamato: Gen-san, this is really important. Can't I ask you for help?
Tadakatsu: This ain't my problem.
Yamato: Oh...
Tadakatsu: ...Tch. Just this once, dumbass.
Tadakatsu: Wait, you guys ain't even got tea? Hold on!
*He came back with a pot of tea and some snacks.*
Tadakatsu: ...Okay, I got my head around the situation.
Tadakatsu: You two text a lot?
Yamato: Y-Yeah. I mean, a bit.
Tadakatsu: A bit ain't gonna cut it. Pick up the slack, dumbass.
Tadakatsu: You gotta make it clear you like her.
*Whoa. I'd never thought of Gen-san as the kind of guy who would know this stuff.*
Shouichi: Well, guess you've got a point. If she doesn't think you like her, nothing else matters.
Shouichi: Welp, I'm convinced. Hmm, and then?
Takuya: That kinda sounded implicative of something.
Gakuto: Y-Yeah! (What's 'implicative' mean?)
Tadakatsu: Look, send her a text right now.
Yamato: Seriously? Right now? Aren't you setting the bar a little high?
Tadakatsu: You've known each other a decade. Don't go skittish on me now.
Yamato: But when I think about how I love her, everything gets so much harder.
Yamato: Even something as normal as a text feels completely different now.
Tadakatsu: Look, I ain't sayin' I don't get it, but you gotta get typing.
Yamato: F-Fine. Um...
Shouichi: ...I think I'm getting it, Gen-san.
Shouichi: You just gotta tell the girl you love her over and over again!
Tadakatsu: That's what my old man taught me. So, you know, go for it.
Gakuto: Gen, my man, have you had a girl, actually?
Tadakatsu: Like hell I have, dumbass. Don't act like I'm spinnin' Shakespeare here.
Yamato: Text sent.
Tadakatsu: Good. Now whenever she replies, you reply on back. Calls are good too.
Yamato: Phone calls too? I dunno... That might be out of my league.
Tadakatsu: Somethin' wrong with you, Naoe? What happened to bein' Mr. Calculatin'?
Takuya: Now's our one and only chance to see love-drunk Yamato.
*Making a call should have been easy as pie, and yet...*
*Here I was, completely nervous.*
Yamato: What gives...? What's going on with me?
Shouichi: That's gotta be what love is!
Gakuto: Dammit--Don't shout somethin' that embarrassin' to high heaven!
Takuya: My ears are getting red just listening to you.
Tadakatsu: Damn straight. One more minute here, and my brain'll rot.
Tadakatsu: Besides, I got work. Now don't give up, got it?
Yamato: Thank you, Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. Once you two hook up, I ain't gonna have to deal with you as much. Simple as that.
Shouichi: Leave it to us! I'll pick up where you left off, Gen-san!
Yamato: And now I'm worried.
Takuya: For now, I think we should just wait for her to answer your text.
Yamato: Yeah... Sure, yeah.
*The four of us sat there, our eyes glued to my phone on the floor.*
Gakuto: By the way, what did you text her about?
Yamato: I just said I was looking forward to our trip on Sunday.
Yamato: II tossed in some emoji too, to make it funny-feeling.
Takuya: That sort of considerateness is really like you.
Shouichi: ...She's not replying.
Gakuto: Uh, it's been fifteen whole minutes.
Yamato: ...We're sure we didn't just miss it?
*I flipped open my phone. Nope, no new messages.*
Takuya: Yeah, with all of us here watching, I'm pretty sure one of us would've noticed.
Yamato: I mean, I guess... Mn?!
*At that very moment, my phone buzzed. I'd gotten a text.*
*I instantly opened it.*
*So I actually had a wet dream in class on Tuesday. I thought my life was over, but nobody even noticed. I might try it again!*
Yamato: Dude, seriously?! Go fuck off!
*Again my phone buzzed.*
Yamato: Whoa, it's the librarian committee girl from Class C.
Yamato: Tch... I need to write her a response.
Takuya: Oh, you're back to your normal self.
Yamato: Maybe I should put a special ringtone for Nee-san. You know, something mellow.
Takuya: And now you're head-over-heels again.
Shouichi: Seriously, I've never seen Yamato this close to blowing a fuse.
Yamato: Hey, hey. Don't snap pictures of me.
Shouichi: I just thought, maybe I could blackmail you with it later.
Gakuto: Oh, I like that new business model.
Yamato: Did you guys forget how you're part of this? Besides, I've got work for you.
Takuya: What?
Yamato: There's no school on Saturday, so we're scoping out possible date spots.
Shouichi: ...Huh? We're what?
Yamato: Nee-san and I are hanging out in Nanahama on Sunday, so I want to check places out on Saturday.
Gakuto: Huh?! You want us to go all the way to Nanahama?
Yamato: I want to make a detailed plan that I can follow to the letter.
Takuya: Oh... I think I get where you're coming from, but...
Shouichi: Sounds sweet! I'd love to come with!
Gakuto: Your heart's in the right place, but I am not goin' to Nanahama with a bunch of guys.
Takuya: Is doing that sort of groundwork really going to help your date?
Yamato: Shut up! This is a war, understand?!
Yamato: To win a war, you need to scout, to make use of information and geographical advantages!
*Then, a mellow song played from my phone's speakers.*
Yamato: That's Nee-san!
Shouichi: Whoa. What's she saying?
*I'll leave you in charge of escorting me around Nanahama. I can't wait to see where you'll take me.*
Shouichi: Whoa! Dude, nice! Quick, send her something back! Tell her you've got it covered!
Takuya: Should he really put all the responsibility on himself?
Shouichi: Look, what matters is that she's pumped. I'm sure of it.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me. I was already typing something like that anyways.
Yamato: Texting back and forth with Nee-san is kinda fun.
Yamato: Maybe... Maybe I'll write that, too!
Gakuto: Suit yourself. ...Is anyone else feelin' a strange itch?
Yamato: That's probably because I need one of you three to come with me on Saturday.
Shouichi: You don't want us all?
Yamato: That wouldn't make for good practice.
Gakuto: Ugh! There's goin' to be that, too?!
Yamato: I'll call whoever I want to bring along later.
Takuya: I feel like we signed up for a game of Russian Roulette... Hahaha.
Gakuto: Huh? If you're goin' to Nanahama, then you have to go to Chinatown.
Yamato: Naturally. Nee-san does have quite the appetite.
Takuya: But which restaurant? There's so many.
Yamato: I'll use the 'Net and tourist magazines to find a well-regarded one.
Shouichi: No, Yamato. That ain't the way to do it.
Shouichi: Not when we got ourselves a top-tier gourmet in our class.
Yamato: Right, Kuma-chan!
Yamato: Yeah, I can count on Kuma-chan's advice.
Shouichi: Even if you wanna keep the fact you're after Momo-senpai on the down-low, there's nothing saying you can't go asking people for help.
Gakuto: Yeah. Why do you think you've been spending all that time buildin' up connections?
Takuya: Mm-hm. So use everyone's talents to succeed.
Takuya: That will let Momo-senpai have the most fun possible.
Yamato: By all working together? Haha. I feel like we're gearing up to take on the final boss of a game.
Yamato: But you're right. Anything less, and she'll never fall for me.
Yamato: Okay! I'll feel free to rely on everyone!
Takuya: You can ask me or Suguru anything about games and manga.
Shouichi: I've got outdoor stuff covered. I've found out about tons of cool spots through various jobs.
Shouichi: Then you've got Chikarin to ask if she starts acting girlie.
Takuya: Kuma-chan's the expert on food, and Gakuto can cover, umm...
Gakuto: I'm the expert on TV shows! You'd be surprised how many of the same shows she and I like.
Takuya: Now that you mention it, you and Momo-senpai have especially deep conversations about TV shows.
Gakuto: I should be able to use that information to help you two find somethin' to talk about.
Yamato: That's more than enough. Thanks, Gakuto.
Shouichi: Still, Moro, you sure know a lot about all of our tendencies.
Takuya: Hahaha. I'm sure Miyako knows plenty more.
Shouichi: I kinda feel like you're doing all right.
Yamato: Yeah. Now I just have to work on normal, everyday interactions...
Shouichi: I figure you gotta make sure to build things up the right way, nice and carefully.
Yamato: Oh!
*I felt like I could see a light showing me the pathway to success.*
*I'd do my best.*
*The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: --So that's why I'm aiming to join Class S.
*I'd just finished telling the girls about my plans, though I hadn't mentioned what Nee-san had to do with it.*
Kazuko: So you won't have as much time to play...?
Yamato: No no no. I'll still be coming to these meetings and everything.
Yamato: Cramming my nose in a book for every waking hour won't magically bring me success.
Yamato: So I'll follow a plan, and be sure to study efficiently.
Kazuko: Wow. Here's a round of applause!
Yukie: You always do strategize like that, Yamato-san.
Matsukaze: You wanna be efficient, ya gotta know how to change your focus like it's nothin'.
Kazuko: That sounds so cool, Yamato.
Yamato: You yourself train during our Meetings in order to follow your dream, too.
Kazuko: Right, I guess I am.
Chris: That is a splendid goal. Yamato, you have my support!
*Chris nodded acceptingly.*
Chris: However, why the sudden interest?
Yamato: I once had a dream, but I didn't think it was possible and so abandoned it.
Yamato: But I couldn't say no to that dream forever, and it's not too late to make it come true.
Chris: Ohhh...
Chris: What is that dream? Tell us, specifically.
Yamato: Specifically, I want to start out by changing this city.
Miyako: The Naoe Kawakami Revitalization Frontier Plan?
Yamato: Yeah. A mayor's goal is to revive the city, right? It'd be amazing to actually pull that off. I've been taking notes on any new ideas I come up with.
Chris: That is quite the hobby. One might even call it weird.
Yamato: It's been a few months since I last touched it, but...
Yamato: But the first step will be to get a job where I can start making changes.
Yamato: I want to revive and grow this city, our home.
*And then from this city I could maybe start changing the whole country.*
Yamato: I have a few other ideas, too. When I told Ms. Ume about them, she said she'd support my choice.
Chris: I too shall support you. Your ambition is an admirable one.
Yukie: Yes, and I will as well.
Kazuko: Okay! Then it's a match, Yamato!
Kazuko: Whoever pulls off their dream first is the winner. I'll be racing to become a Kawakami Temple assistant master!
Momoyo: ......
Gakuto: From the sound of it, you both are signin' up for trips through hell.
Miyako: If you insist, I'll just watch over you as your common-law wife.
Yamato: Who said anything about a common-law wife?
Momoyo: If you ever actually get to the point where you have control over the city, donate some money to the temple every year.
Shouichi: Set up a fund for adventurers!
Yamato: There's more to governing than just handing out money!
Gakuto: Recognize polygamous relationships!
Kazuko: Yuck!
Chris: I believe that deserves a kick in the behind.
Gakuto: Ugh?!
*Chris kicked him up into the air.*
Miyako: Air Combo -- Somersault Kick!
Yukie: Excellently done.
Matsukaze: If Mayucchi was goin' all out, she'd hit with another slash before he'd landed.
Takuya: I'm amazed you still haven't learned not to say things like that here, Gakuto.
Matsukaze: You gotta make regulations for the proper treatment of horses, too.
Momoyo: How about a government building where you can eat for free?
Kazuko: Or, if you want to focus on the people's health, you could open up a free gym?
Miyako: What if you made it legal for girls to sexually harass boys?
Yamato: Guys, please don't ask me for things that are never going to happen.
Yamato: Though I do kind of want to make hermit crabs the city's mascot.
Takuya: And you think that's going to happen? We're not even in the tropics!
Shouichi: Moro, I love how funny you look when you're making fun of people.
Takuya: Hey, don't creep me out like that!
Gakuto: Please... open the law... with regards to... porn. (He collapsed.)
Kazuko: He's still going?
Chris: Actually, given that he fainted, we could almost consider it his dying wish.
Miyako: He died as he lived.
Takuya: Wait, come to think of it, isn't there an event going on at the Kawakami Temple?
Momoyo: Yeah, they've got that big Prayer Meeting going on.
Momoyo: Wanko, you explain.
Kazuko: Will do! Starting July 1st, the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare and the Japan Industrial Safety Association will lead the nation in a safety week!
Kazuko: And the Kawakami Temple decided we'd spend the week performing huge prayer services for various businesses.
Momoyo: Nice, good job.
Chris: The Kawakami Temple never ceases to impress. All the events must make for a lot of work.
Momoyo: They're borrowing me and Wanko tomorrow to help out.
Kazuko: It's part of our training!
Momoyo: You're such a good little sister.
Chris: I would be happy to help myself, should there be anything I can assist with.
Chris: I would like to experience the culture of the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: Thanks, and I mean it, but there's no pay in it for you or anything.
Chris: I would not be in it for the money. It would be community service, of course.
Momoyo: Service, huh? I think maybe you and I should work out a deal where you service me.
Yukie: Umm, I think I'd like to help too? If you'd let me, I mean.
Miyako: I've already helped out before. Though I guess I could help out again.
Kazuko: Wow... Onee-sama, we're all working together.
Momoyo: That's fantastic. Then I'll see you then.
Momoyo: The Temple will have some food out that'll get you full of energy.
Gakuto: From the sound of the conversation, I believe you could also use some help from us guys?
Momoyo: Nah, we don't need any boys. But thanks for offering.
Yamato: (In a way, I've lucked out! All the girls will be at the Kawakami Temple...)
Yamato: (Which means there's zero reason not to go scout out Nanahama tomorrow.)
*My eyes met Nee-san's.*
Momoyo: --Heheh.
*She smiled, satisfied.*
*I felt I could gaze at that smile for the rest of my life.*
Miyako: ...Ooh...
Takuya: Miyako, are you all right?
Miyako: Yeah... I guess I'm fine.
Miyako: (But watching him be lovestruck over another girl is more than I can take.)
Miyako: (That said, if I let it show, that'd just make me a bitch trying to get in his way.)
Miyako: (I need to keep my cool and wait for the time to come.)
Miyako: (I can't rush... When the moment does come, there'll be no need to hold back.)
Miyako: (Yes... That's how I need to think about this... I feel much calmer now.)
Miyako: Heh heh heh...
Takuya: I guess you are doing fine.
*Okay, today I was going to explore Nanahama to prepare for my date.*
*I'd decided to go there with...*
Capt
Gakuto
Moro
Yamato: Thanks for taking the time to spend today with me.
Shouichi: I wanted to hang too. Heck, lemme thank you.
Shouichi: So let's scout like the wind.
Yamato: Yeah. We're off for the neighboring city.
*Capt and I headed towards Nanahama.*
Shouichi: It's weird. This place's only fifteen minutes away by train, but it's totally different.
Yamato: Yeah, you never see buildings that tall in Kawakami.
*Laguna Mark Tower towered above us.*
Shouichi: Suguru told me his old man works there.
Yamato: Wow. He must work for an elite company.
Shouichi: So first up's Chinatown? It's already lunchtime, and I'm starving.
Yamato: Yeah. Um... Right, it's this way. I gotta memorize the route.
Shouichi: You're taking this so seriously. That's real charming, partner.
Yamato: Shut up.
Shouichi: So, which is the one Kuma-chan rec'd?
Yamato: Umm, this way.
Yamato: Huh? No, this is the wrong road. It's over here.
Shouichi: There's sure a ton of similar-looking roads here in Chinatown.
Yamato: Coming here to scout things out was definitely the right choice... First, I'll memorize the two main streets in Chinatown.
Yamato: Whoops, we've already made it. It's down in here.
Shouichi: Whoa, in a back alley? This's gotta be a hidden gem all right.
Yamato: Let's head in. It's before lunch, so it should be relatively empty.
*The food was a bit spicy, but delicious.*
Shouichi: Man, even the weird stuff like duck's tongue was perfect. That's real Chinese food for you.
Yamato: And it came in at a decent price. This is definitely the place for tomorrow.
Yamato: Still, they only take reservations for parties of four or more?
*So I hadn't been able to make one for tomorrow.*
Shouichi: Your best bet's gonna be to show up before lunch.
Shouichi: So, what's next? 'Cause I'm pumped!
Yamato: Port Hill Park. It's a bit of a walk.
Shouichi: After that meal, sounds great.
Shouichi: Whoa! Wait! Hold up! This gift shop is sweet!
Shouichi: Hahaha! They've even got a panda suit! This is sick!
Shouichi: Let's check out what else they've got in here!
*I should've known Capt would do something completely unexpected.*
*But Nee-san could be just as spontaneous. This was good practice.*
Shouichi: This place gets used all the time in TV shows. And I've been here before.
Yamato: For being a prime tourist spot, there's barely anyone here, and the view's amazing.
Shouichi: Think I'm good to start shouting?
Yamato: Please don't.
Shouichi: Yahoooo!
Yamato: I said don't!
Shouichi: Oh, there's a vending machine over there.
Shouichi: They got peach juice. Wanna buy her some tomorrow?
Yamato: You're right. And you don't usually see this brand in vending machines.
Miyuu: Hey, De Niro! Don't you think those two boys would look good in some comfy shorts?
De Niro: For goodness' sake, Miyuu. Your tastes never change.
Miyuu: Constant curiosity is the secret to maintaining a brilliant mind.
De Niro: Good grief...
Shouichi: H-Hey, did that thing there remind you of Cookie?
Yamato: Heck, it's smaller than Cookie too.
Shouichi: Right, I'm gonna ask it a few questions.
Yamato: Please don't.
Yamato: Everyone who lives around here is rich.
Yamato: They don't live in the same world we live in.
Shouichi: Whoa. So he's as normal as a Roomba nowadays?
*Nanahama was clearly not to be underestimated.*
*...Capt and I went on to visit lots of other places.*
*Us two guys sat down on a bench.*
Yamato: Wow, I learned a lot today.
Shouichi: Right? And it was straight-up fun for me.
Shouichi: What's next?
Yamato: There's a ferry -- the SeaBus -- that leaves from this park.
Yamato: We'll take that back to Nanahama Station, enjoying the nighttime scenery as we go.
Shouichi: Huh? We're gonna ride a boat? Yo, that sounds awesome!
Shouichi: C'mon, let's get in line -- I wanna be the first one on!
Yamato: Hmm. I do want to find out what seat has the best view.
*Normally, riding the SeaBus with another guy would sound like a dare.*
*But Capt, he was like a kid at a chocolate factory.*
Shouichi: Damn, I'm pumped. C'mon, let's go!
*Capt grabbed my hand and took off.*
Yamato: Hey! ...Argh, don't drag me.
Yamato: Wait--this isn't right!
*I was supposed to be taking charge.*
*But even if we set that aside, this scouting trip had proven productive.*
*I sincerely thanked Capt for everything.*
Yamato: Did you wait long?
Gakuto: Nah, I just got here.
Yamato: ......
Gakuto: ...I just said that line to a guy. I feel like my whole life's been a lie.
Yamato: Thanks for taking the time to spend today with me.
Gakuto: I mean, it's no big deal. But you owe me lunch, got it?
Yamato: Then first up's Chinatown. We'll eat there. You'll see.
Gakuto: Better idea -- how about Akebonocho's red light district?
Yamato: Did you forget the part where I'm preparing for a date?
Gakuto: Where better to practice? Hee hee hee.
Yamato: Forget it. Either follow me or don't.
Gakuto: All right, all right. I'm comin', I'm coming, I am coming.
*We headed towards Nanahama, our spirits low.*
Gakuto: ...Whoa. Every time I come here, the big city blows me away.
Yamato: Kawakami has an unorganized feel to it, while Nanahama feels so much more polished.
Gakuto: *sniff, sniff* ...I smell a hottie, but where...
Gakuto: Look, Yamato! There! Over there!
Yamato: What's wrong, Gakuto? Why are you...
Yamato: Wait--whoa! That's the famous conductor Kuonji Shinra!
Gakuto: I'm sure of it! She's the most beautiful woman in Japan.
Gakuto: I'm goin' to go up there and proudly beg to shake her hand and get her autograph!
Yamato: Don't--You retard! Get back here!
*Gakuto boldly strode forth.*
*...Only to trudge his way back.*
Gakuto: This weird old guy with a beard came out, and I wound up shaking his hand and gettin' his autograph...
Yamato: I tried to say you were being too reckless.
*The autograph said Tajiri Yasushi.*
Gakuto: But, well, just seein' someone that beautiful completely fired me up. Let's go to Chinatown.
Yamato: Yeah. I'll be focusing on learning the route as we go.
*......*
Gakuto: ...Man, what a meal. The scallops were tasty.
Yamato: No wonder Kuma-chan recommended it.
Gakuto: Needin' four people to make reservations bites, but it's a back-alley restaurant. Show up before lunch, and you should be fine.
Yamato: Still, Chinatown gets packed after lunch.
Gakuto: Let's hurry on over to our next destination.
Gakuto: No, wait -- look there! There's a fortune teller!
Gakuto: Don't girls really like those things?
Yamato: Did you forget? Nee-san isn't like most girls.
Gakuto: C'mon, it'd be somethin' different. You want to keep surprisin' her.
Yamato: Wow. I'd forgotten you even knew how to be sharp.
Gakuto: I say that a couple has to be close enough that they have their fortune told together.
Gakuto: Right, I will have her examine me, the finest man of all, to check her credibility.
*With that, Gakuto headed over to see the fortune teller.*
*She read his hand and examined his semblance.*
Old Lady: Hmm, you have a long life ahead of you. Your life lines are very long and thick.
Old Lady: Of all the gods and heroes of myth, you are most like Atlas.
Old Lady: And I see you've been struggling to get a girlfriend.
Old Lady: You aren't in any particular trouble with money, but you're a little short in the brains department.
Gakuto: ...Whoa! Yamato, she was exactly right!
Yamato: (Well, most of that you could know by looking at him.)
Yamato: (But it was pretty funny how blunt she was. I'll put it on my list.)
*......*
Gakuto: I feel like I'm in Beverly Hills, there's so many sports cars.
Yamato: This is the perfect place to come after a heavy meal, especially since the air's so fresh.
Gakuto: Oh, Yamato, look! Cute girl at 12 o'clock!
Gakuto: I know it's off-topic, but mind if I try to pick her up?
Yamato: Go ahead. (It's not like you have a chance.)
Gakuto: Are you the sun? Because you make my day.
Yume: Hwuh? Did you say 'Yume'?
Gakuto: Is that your name? Nice. I am Gakuto. Nice and simple, right?
Yume: Gakuto-san, do you have business with me?
Gakuto: Do you want to go get a bite to eat with me?
Yume: With me?
Gakuto: Yup, it'll be our little rendezvous.
Yume: Yay, I'm popular now!
Yume: Everyone's going to be so surprised!
Yume: They won't call me a boring college girl anymore!
Yume: Eheheh. I've waited two whole years for this!
Yamato: Umm, doesn't she seem off to you?
Gakuto: Mmm... Too bad. She's cute, too.
Yamato: Just because someone's rich doesn't mean they're all there.
*We left the spazzing-out girl behind.*
*...The two of us proceeded to visit all manner of places.*
*Just two guys sitting on a bench.*
Yamato: We've sure seen a lot.
Gakuto: Why am I stuck sittin' shoulder-to-shoulder with another guy?
Yamato: Hey, hey. There's plenty of time to get depressed later.
Gakuto: What?
Yamato: We're about to get on a ferry and enjoy the nighttime scenery.
Gakuto: Huh?! You're kidding.
Yamato: See there? That's the SeaBus we'll be riding on.
Gakuto: Yamato-san, every even-numbered group around us is a couple.
Yamato: Yeah, you're right. And?
Gakuto: And you want us to get on together?! That's totally weird, man!
Yamato: Won't you do it for me?
Gakuto: Fuck! I am not gettin' nearly enough for this.
*......*
*Gakuto and I boarded the SeaBus.*
Yamato: Hmmm. I think we'll want to sit on the left.
Yamato: The right side only gives you a view of Tokyo Bay, while on the left, we can see all the lights of Nanahama.
Gakuto: somethin' inside me just died...
*He sunk down in his seat.*
Yamato: Oh, they turned down the lights to set the mood.
Gakuto: And who gives a crap?!
*He really didn't know when to quit.*
*Mm, even so, this scouting trip had proven productive.*
*I sincerely thanked Gakuto for everything.*
Takuya: Yamato, over here.
*Moro had gotten here before me.*
Yamato: Sorry. I guess I cut it a little close.
Takuya: No worries. I haven't been waiting that long.
Yamato: So about today... You'll be playing the girl.
Takuya: Should I try to act like Momo-senpai?
Yamato: Nah, no need. Heck, I don't think anyone could imitate her.
Takuya: Hm... I guess I'm not that confident anyway.
Yamato: Just act like a normal girl. Let's go!
Takuya: Okay.
*Moro and I took the train to Nanahama.*
Takuya: ...I haven't been here in so long, even though it's not that far away.
Yamato: Moro, over there -- look. There's a maid walking down the street.
Takuya: Wow! And I think she's a real maid, too.
Natose: Venis, I'm hungry. Gimme some meat to snack on.
Venis: Nope! Ya ain't gettin' any!
Mihato: Just another beautiful day with my baby brother
Takuya: They're all so pretty... I really feel like I'm in the big city, seeing them.
Yamato: What a feast for the eyes. Today's gonna be a good day, I can feel it.
Takuya: Yeah. The plan was to start with Chinatown, right? Let's go.
Yamato: Whoa there, let me walk on the side facing the cars. And I need to focus on memorizing the route...
Takuya: You're really taking this seriously.
*......In the restaurant.*
Yamato: Umm, the duck tongue is definitely a must.
Takuya: From there, though it's a bit expensive, I bet girls would really like the shark fin. It's high in collagen.
Yamato: Okay. Let's have some of that too.
Takuya: And then there's, what's it called... The soup de jour?
Yamato: They're famous for that, too. Okay, let's also have some soup.
Yamato: Oh, and some yakisoba.
Takuya: This place feels geared less towards tourists and more towards locals.
Yamato: According to Kuma-chan, the chefs here don't change their flavoring to match Japanese tastes -- what we're having is genuine Chinese food.
Yamato: At any rate, I'll handle serving the food once it's out.
Takuya: Taking care of the little things like that is your forte.
*............*
Takuya: This seems like the perfect place for a walk after a meal.
Yamato: Right? It's a bit of an uphill climb but, well, that'll be nothing for Nee-san.
Takuya: And the scenery's beautiful. I brought my camera so I should take a few photos.
Yamato: You brought your digital camera with you?
Takuya: I mean, it's not often I get to come out all this way.
Takuya: Oh, look. There's a path over here.
Takuya: Rather than just follow the road, maybe you could turn down one of the side roads? That might help set the mood better.
Yamato: Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.
Yamato: Mind if we head a bit farther towards the residential district?
Takuya: All the mansions are open to tour, right?
Yamato: Yeah, exactly. I think they'll be cool.
Takuya: Still, there sure are a lot of big, expensive houses around here.
Takuya: I mean, Yamato, just look at this one.
Yamato: Whoa. Is this one free to look around inside, too?
Takuya: It feels Southern European.
Yamato: I'd love to live in a place like this someday.
Chiharu: Do you have some business with us?
Takuya: N-No, not really.
Yamato: Your house was just so beautiful that it took our breaths away.
Chiharu: Thank you very much. We spend quite a lot of time cleaning to ensure there isn't even a speck of dust.
Yamato: Umm, so it's not open for tours?
Chiharu: No, this is a private residence.
Takuya: Sorry to bother you, then.
Chiharu: Please, don't worry about it. A lot of people make the same assumption.
Chiharu: However, I do know of a wonderful diplomat's residence just down the road that is open for tours.
Yamato: Thank you very much.
Chiharu: Please take care.
Takuya: Wow, what a surprise.
Yamato: That stunning person... Were they a man or a woman?
Takuya: A man, probably... That's my gut feeling, anyways.
Yamato: The rich terrify me... Do all the families around here have servants like him?
*...The two of us proceeded to visit all manner of places.*
*Just two guys sitting on a bench.*
Yamato: Well, that was certainly interesting.
Takuya: I'm glad I could help, but I know you've got something else planned.
Takuya: We're taking the SeaBus from this park to Nanahama Station?
Yamato: Exactly.
*The SeaBuss was the local ferry.*
Yamato: We'll take that back to Nanahama Station, enjoying the nighttime scenery as we go.
Takuya: You're not going to take her to ride the big ferris wheel?
Yamato: I know it's a normal place to go with a girl, but they say it gets crowded on weekends.
Yamato: I don't know how fond she'll be of waiting that long... And besides, with how high she can jump, she's probably used to seeing the world from above.
Takuya: Haha. You really thought things through.
Takuya: Don't forget she's still a girl. Maybe you're in danger of overthinking things.
Yamato: I know. But my plans aren't completely set in stone. If it seems like a good idea tomorrow, we'll go.
Takuya: Yeah. And basic things like complimenting her clothes are important too, remember.
Yamato: Sometimes, it's better to play things by the book -- Oh, someone's calling me.
Takuya: Go ahead.
*It was Shimokitazawa-kun. Good timing -- I decided to ask his opinion, too.*
Shimokitazawa: The Ferris wheel? Yeah, well, why not?
Shimokitazawa: It gives you space, you know? Some alone time with the chick.
Shimokitazawa: But hear me out -- what's key is you don't sit across from her, you sit next to.
Shimokitazawa: Then, when you're at the top, you start messin' with her. Bitches love that. Works every time.
Yamato: Dude, that's sexual harassment.
*I hung up. Moro gave much better advice than he did.*
Yamato: How long can you hang out tonight, Moro?
Takuya: So today, I have some things to take care of once it gets late.
Takuya: There's a game, an online game I'm playing.
Yamato: You're always playing something or another.
*--The scouting trip had proven productive.*
*I sincerely thanked Moro for everything.*
*I returned to my room.*
*I'd say the groundwork went well.*
*I had nothing to worry about for tomorrow.*
Yamato: Now, time to text Nee-san.
Yamato: I've planned for everything. So long as the weather cooperates, the day will be perfect.
*I checked the forecast.*
*The Kanto region will be cloudy with occasional showers in the afternoon.*
Yamato: What... the...?
*There will is a 40% chance of rain in the morning, followed by a 60% chance from noon till 6 p.m.*
Yamato: Y-You're kidding me.
*It had been sunny all week!*
*And now, it just had to rain tomorrow?!*
*I didn't deserve this luck.*
*I got a text back from Nee-san.*
*The weather's looking dicey tomorrow. Hopefully it'll be sunny.*
Yamato: Damn you, weather! How dare you bum her out!
Yamato: All I want is clear skies... If only I had a machine that could control the weather.
Cookie: Don't you think dreams of controlling the weather are a bit presumptuous?
Yamato: Cookie, that's not the point... Ahh, I'll just have to resort to praying.
*Then Shimokitazawa-kun texted me.*
*Got me a new gal. She's sleeping next to me.*
Yamato: Tch. You easygoing bastard.
*At any rate, there was one thought on my mind that night: Please let it be sunny.*
Cookie: It's not bad out right now, but...
Yamato: But it's going to rain, isn't it?
Cookie: I saw a swarm of mosquitoes hovering off the road, so maybe?
Yamato: Could you please be a bit more scientific?
Cookie: You shouldn't rely on machines too much either.
Yamato: It sounds like you're denying yourself.
*But the weather report had also said it was going to rain this afternoon.*
Yamato: Please be wrong, I'm begging you... I need to get dressed.
Cookie: You look like you're really struggling to figure out what to wear.
Cookie: I can't really sympathize with that since I'm always naked.
Yamato: How's this jacket look?
Cookie: Yamato, is this really the season for that look?
Yamato: Mmm, I know, but...
Yamato: Then how about this? I know it's a little over-the-top, but...
Cookie: Maybe you'd be wise to wear something a bit more normal.
Yamato: But this -- I mean, I don't look weird, do I?
Cookie: Of course not. I'd give you a solid C.
Yamato: Okay, this is what I'm wearing!
Cookie: Here, take the oil-absorbent paper, the cleansing paper.
Yamato: Any nose hairs? No. Of course not. I'm good.
Cookie: Did you cut your nails? You have to make sure you have good hygiene.
Yamato: Done and done. I've got my handkerchief and tissues, now what's left...
Shouichi: Working nights is rough. My eyes are all bleary.
Tadakatsu: I ain't gotten enough sleep lately, so pullin' all-nighters is killin' me...
Shouichi: I'm gonna make some cup ramen. You want any?
Tadakatsu: Nah, I'm gettin' some sleep... Heck, you don't gotta eat now. I'll make you something real come lunch.
Shouichi: I mean, I'm not sayin' no to that, but I'm starving... Oh, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, are you guys home from work?
Shouichi: Gen-san gave me a call late last night, askin' for some help.
Tadakatsu: Eh, the pay's still worth it.
Yamato: Then get some rest. I'm fully refreshed and ready to go!
Shouichi: Yeah, good luck!
Tadakatsu: Don't start overthinkin' everything. Just go out there and nail it.
Yamato: Got it!
Tadakatsu: Got it!
Shouichi: What, you're sayin' you didn't have fun? I mean, a stalker that leaves chocolates at the girl's door? That's hilarious.
Shouichi: Think there's any funnier ones out there?
Tadakatsu: Pretty sure that shit's supposed to freak people out.
Shouichi: Eh, it's no biggies. Miyako does worse stuff to Yamato, and he's fine with it.
Tadakatsu: Man, I wish I could be that carefree.
Yamato: All right, I've arrived 15 minutes early.
*Everything was going to be fine so long as we stuck to the plan.*
Yamato: ...Oh, shoot. I need to go to the bathroom.
*Mmm. Was I that nervous?*
*Today could genuinely be the most important day of my life.*
*Time slowly passed, until it was finally the time we'd agreed to meet.*
Yamato: ...Where is she?
Yamato: Oh, there she is!
Momoyo: Yo.
Yamato: Hey.
*My next words were...*
Let's go hang out today
Both you and your clothes look great
......
Yamato: Let's go hang out today.
Momoyo: Of course. That's the whole plan.
SE78
Yamato: Both you and your clothes look great.
Momoyo: Hm? I'm not wearing anything different.
Momoyo: Well, nothing wrong with that.
Yamato: So let's get going, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah. We're taking the Nankai Railroad? It's one stop away, right?
*The two of us headed straight to Nanahama.*
Momoyo: This place is as pretty as ever.
Momoyo: ...Do you see any cute girls around?
Yamato: Come on. I thought you were here to be with me.
Momoyo: Okay. I'll hold back, just this once. (She patted my head.)
Momoyo: So you'd better treat me right. I'm hungry.
Yamato: Did you skip breakfast because we're going to Chinatown?
Momoyo: That was the plan, but Wanko caught me and made me eat something.
Momoyo: She went on and on about how breakfast gives you energy for the entire day.
Momoyo: ...Oh, but all this talk about food is making me even hungrier.
Yamato: Then let's go to Chinatown. It's this way, though it's a bit of a walk.
Momoyo: Oh, so you're showing me the way? All right.
*I smoothly guided Nee-san to Chinatown.*
Momoyo: There's so many restaurants. How do we pick just one?
Momoyo: Oh, meat buns.
Momoyo: Shark fin buns... That's gotta be tasty, right?
Momoyo: I wanna try one.
*We should...*
Buy a steamed bun
Stick to the plan
SE78
Yamato: Then let's buy one of those buns share.
Momoyo: Nice. That's why I love you, lil' bro. You're always answering my needs.
*Better to be flexible, I thought.*
Yamato: ...Here's your half.
Momoyo: ...Ahm... (Munch, om nom...)
Momoyo: It's pretty good, but I think I like plain old meat buns more. *om nom nom*
Momoyo: Heh. Despite my complaining, I still wolfed it down.
Momoyo: This is truly the best way to enjoy Chinatown.
Yamato: We can't buy a bun right before lunch.
Momoyo: But I really want to know how they taste... Mngh.
Yamato: Nee-san, let's go.
Momoyo: Hey hey, don't be so pushy.
Yamato: Uh, I mean, I'm really not trying to rush things. It's just...
*There was such a thing as being too stubborn... Flexible. I needed to be flexible.*
Yamato: Here we are.
Momoyo: Wow, I've never even heard of this back-alley restaurant.
*We headed inside. It wasn't lunch hour yet, so we easily found seats.*
Momoyo: Huh, there's not many Japanese people eating here.
Yamato: It's authentic Chinese food, so mostly locals eat here.
Momoyo: So it's real Chinese food, then?
Momoyo: This is way better than those stuffy, formal places.
*It looked like I'd made a good choice in her books.*
*I had Kuma-chan to thank for that.*
Momoyo: So, what's good to order here?
Yamato: First, there's the duck's tongue...
*I ordered a bunch of their specialties.*
Momoyo: All the food on the menu looks delicious.
*And did she like the food itself?*
Momoyo: Nice. It's a bit spicy for me, but it's good.
Yamato: Right? (I served noodles onto our plates.)
Momoyo: Haha, nice choice!
*She smiled as she ate.*
*This certainly wasn't the first time I'd seen her smile, but it still made my heart skip a beat.*
Momoyo: ...What's wrong? Eat up too. These scallops are amazing.
Yamato: Oh, right.
Momoyo: Heh... You're kinda cute.
Yamato: Me?
Momoyo: Yeah, like a kid trying his best.
Yamato: I mean, I guess I am younger than you.
Momoyo: Yeah, you are. Though you never seemed that way before...
Momoyo: You've really been acting your age lately. Heh...
*Nngh. How was I supposed to take that?*
*Was it a good thing? Or a bad thing?*
*Shimokitazawa-kun's advice swirled in my mind.*
Shimokitazawa: Well, when you're with an older chick, you wanna try to make her think you're cute.
Shimokitazawa: You can take that to the bank. Go nail her, Yamato-chan.
*Great. That meant it was a good thing.*
*Now if I could just stop being so nervous...*
*All in all, I enjoyed lunch with Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Hold on a second.
*She disappeared off into the bathroom.*
*I couldn't let this moment slip away! No spacing out and doing nothing!*
*The second I heard the door swing shut, I whipped out the mirror I'd picked up at a 100 yen shop and made sure I still looked my best.*
*...Yeah, I definitely needed to relax.*
*............*
*After lunch, we strolled through Chinatown.*
Hawker: Welcome! Come on in, don't be shy.
Momoyo: Oh, they're doing palm readings.
Yamato: Yeah, it was.
Momoyo: Look, there's a sign saying 'As seen on TV'. They must be famous.
Momoyo: Okay, why don't we give it a go?
Yamato: Oh, this is different.
Momoyo: They say it'll reflect your way of life, so I've always wanted to give it a try.
Old Lady: Wow, you're a pretty one. Maybe the prettiest I've ever seen walk on in.
Old Lady: Your expression is brimming with confidence, and your presence fills the room. And those eyes... You do martial arts? Let me see your hand.
Momoyo: Right on the money. Here.
Old Lady: Nevertheless, that is one powerful aura you have there.
Old Lady: Of all the gods and heroes from myth, you remind me most of Satan.
Momoyo: What does my palm tell you?
Old Lady: Hmm... It seems a test of your very way of life awaits you in the fall.
Momoyo: Oh? Now that's interesting. I've got a challenge coming up, Yamato.
Old Lady: And I see love as well.
Old Lady: Is that boy there your lover? ...No, no he isn't.
Momoyo: Right. He's my friend. Nah, more like a bro.
Yamato: (She's not wrong, but... I wish it weren't so.)
Old Lady: I do sense good fortune in romantic affairs.
Momoyo: Romance, huh?
Old Lady: What choices you make this year will greatly influence your future life.
Old Lady: Should you overcome the trials ahead, you will make great strides as a woman.
Momoyo: Hmm... By the way, do you have any more details on that whole fortune-in-love thing?
Old Lady: Yes, but details do require an extra fee.
Momoyo: Haha. Then let's keep it a mystery.
Old Lady: Yes, you are the type of person to think that way.
Momoyo: Yamato, you wanna give it a try?
*I said...*
Go ahead
Decline
SE78
Yamato: Then I guess I'm next.
Momoyo: After all, you got to hear mine. It wouldn't be fair if you backed down now.
Old Lady: Of all the gods and heroes from myth, you remind me most of Minamoto--
Yamato: Oh, Yoshitsune the hero?
Old Lady: More akin to Minamoto Yoritomo.
Yamato: The older brother? ...Still, I'll take it.
Momoyo: If anyone's Yoshitsune, it's Capt.
Old Lady: Hmm... Yes, your fortune suggests you will succeed.
Old Lady: But you don't have a very glamorous look. I don't mean that you look bad, just... rigid. You should find a girlfriend and kiss her all day and night.
Yamato: Hahah...
Momoyo: Hahaha, that was hilarious.
Momoyo: Not very glamorous, eh? That's a good way to put it.
*If she found it funny, I guess I could live with it.*
Yamato: Nah, I'm good.
Momoyo: Really? But I really wanted to hear yours.
Momoyo: Why let the opportunity go to waste?
Old Lady: When you're not in the mood, it's always fine to stop. Though don't go tellin' everyone that, or I'll soon be out of business.
Momoyo: Haha. Then your fortune can't be good.
Yamato: Mm, now I'm curious...
Momoyo: Well, whatever. Let's go.
*We left the stall.*
Yamato: Next, let's head towards the mountains.
Momoyo: Sure, you lead the way.
*--Port Hill Park.*
Momoyo: Ahh, the wind feels great.
Momoyo: And it's already July, so just a short walk makes me feel hot.
Yamato: Let me go buy us some drinks.
*After all, today was my treat.*
*From the vending machine, I bought...*
Soda pop
Cafe latte
Black coffee
Peach juice
Yamato: Soda, maybe? Today is hot.
Yamato: Here you go.
Momoyo: Mn. Trying something new?
Momoyo: Well, I won't say no to it.
Momoyo: It's nice and refreshing
*Nee-san opened the can.*
*And the soda sprayed out.*
*She wasn't one to get hit by the blast, but...*
Momoyo: Hey, I lost some of mine.
*Now she was in a bit of a bad mood.*
Yamato: A cafe latte sounds just about right.
Yamato: Here you go.
Yamato: Its creamy warmth will feel good going down your throat.
Yamato: I'm sure you'll love it.
Momoyo: Oh, thanks.
Momoyo: *glug glug* Pwah! Yeah, not bad.
Momoyo: I never even considered this, but it works.
Yamato: (Sh-She didn't realize it was a joke?!)
*Honestly, I'd expected to get walloped for that...*
*There was always more to learn about Nee-san.*
Yamato: What about black coffee?
Man: (Hmm, a boy's buying a girl a drink from the vending machine?)
Man: (Ah, I can remember doing the same thing once, when I was his age.)
Man: (And it happened right here, too. Yeah, it's tough to choose. I remember struggling myself.)
Miyuu: What are you spacing out for? Let's go, Ren.
Yamato: Huh? Was that guy looking at me just now?
Yamato: Well, whatever. Here you go.
Momoyo: Dude, take a hint. Why would I want this?
Yamato: But coffee tastes the best when black.
SE78
Yamato: It has to be this. She loves it.
Yamato: Here you go.
Momoyo: Mn, oh yes. I could never get tired of this.
Momoyo: I've loved it ever since I was little. I might even be addicted to the stuff.
Yamato: What makes it so special?
Momoyo: 'Momo' means 'peach', so my relatives kept sending me peaches to eat as a kid.
Momoyo: As I drank and ate more and more, I got hooked.
Momoyo: How's a cute little girl supposed to resist that wonderful sweet flavor?
Yamato: Uh, no no no. Cute little girls don't crush aluminum cans with their bare hands.
Momoyo: ...On another note, does the weather look bad to you?
Yamato: ...Hmm.
Momoyo: And the view was so nice, too.
Momoyo: ...Oh, it's started raining.
Yamato: You? You must be imagining th--nope, it's raining.
Momoyo: What do we do, Yamato? It looks like more than a drizzle, but less than a downpour.
Yamato: I guess we should start by buying an umbrella.
*Oh, shoot. We were nowhere near the convenience store.*
Yamato: Let's get moving before it really starts raining.
Momoyo: Yeah, let's.
Momoyo: Well, worst-case scenario, I can just put up a barrier against the rain.
Yamato: Let's not. That's a little bit too surreal for me.
*We walked a fair distance to the store.*
*As we entered, the storm grew stronger.*
Yamato: (Ahh... It's getting even worse...)
*At least we hadn't gotten soaked, but...*
*Now what?*
*I looked up information on the SeaBus on my phone.*
*Due to rain, ferry service has been canceled. Service will resume at 3 p.m.*
Yamato: (There go my plans...)
Yamato: (Dammit. I was going to show her the amazing night scenery, and then... Why does it have to rain today of all days?)
Yamato: (No, I need to calm down. One thing at a time. First, an umbrella.)
Yamato: (Mngh! Neither of us has an umbrella.)
Yamato: (So how many should I buy?)
One
Two
Yamato: I'll buy just one.
*We could share it.*
Yamato: I'll buy two.
*That was the simple and safe solution.*
Momoyo: Hey, what're you doing? One's plenty. Don't waste money.
Yamato: R-Right, yeah!
*Dammit, I should've gone with one.*
Momoyo: For now, how about we take a walk around here?
Yamato: This here's the old shopping district.
Momoyo: Yeah, so it's gotta be fancy. Let's look around.
Momoyo: It definitely beats hanging out all day in the convenience store.
Yamato: ...You're right.
*In the rainy old shopping district...*
Momoyo: We're sharing an umbrella.
Yamato: You don't have to keep pointing that out.
*Argh. My eyes kept meeting hers since we were the same height, and I blushed every time.*
Momoyo: ... (She smirked.)
Yamato: What is it?
Momoyo: We're childhood friends, right?
Yamato: Yeap.
Momoyo: So why are you blushing?
Yamato: Ugh...
Momoyo: Hahaha. I couldn't resist.
Yamato: Tch...
Momoyo: But still, this place is incredibly rich.
Momoyo: Someday, we're going to come back here and you're going to buy me clothes and shoes.
Yamato: All right.
Momoyo: Haha, you just nod along.
Yamato: I know that has to be my goal.
Momoyo: Can't you afford to buy clothes right now?
Yamato: I guess.
Momoyo: Heheh. Well, that was just a joke, but...
Momoyo: Everyone around us keeps giving us looks.
*It must have been because of how beautiful she was.*
Momoyo: Question: When they look at us, what do you think they see?
Yamato: L-Lovers?
Momoyo: Someone's confident, even after I shot you down.
Yamato: You really know how to twist the knife.
Momoyo: I mean, you're still too awkward to be my boyfriend.
Yamato: I-I wouldn't say that.
Momoyo: Mnn, your words lack any oomph.
Momoyo: Tell me what you really think, like you normally do.
Yamato: Yeap.
Momoyo: ...Heh. It's weird, now that I think about it.
Yamato: Hm...?
Momoyo: We must've shared an umbrella a hundred times, but...
Momoyo: But you're blushing as if this never happened before.
Yamato: ......
Momoyo: Snuggle time.
Yamato: ...?!
*She pressed herself up against me.*
Momoyo: You really need to chill out.
Yamato: B-But I mean, how am I supposed to stop thinking about you?
Momoyo: You didn't start thinking about me until your second year of high school. It's a little late now, don't you think?
Yamato: Huh? That is 100% not what I thought you'd say.
Momoyo: I'd hoped you'd be swept up in my allure ages ago.
Yamato: Even if I were, you would've just shot me down then.
Momoyo: Who knows. It would've depended on you, and how I felt in the moment.
Yamato: That's reasonable.
Momoyo: ...It's relaxing, being with you.
Momoyo: Which is why I love being friends.
Momoyo: But if it's my love you're after...
Yamato: I need to prove I'm your equal?
Momoyo: Yeah, there's that. And I have big hopes for you, but...
Yamato: Oh, there's more?
Momoyo: I want to see you act manly.
Momoyo: So manly that you make me wonder what I've been missing by spending all these years chasing after girls.
Momoyo: Pull that off, and maybe I'll have the hots for you.
Yamato: O-Oh...
Yamato: You really spoke your mind about that.
Momoyo: Yeah. My motto's to be honest. To live true to myself.
Momoyo: So I say whatever's on my mind.
Yamato: Yeah... I guess you do.
Momoyo: Oh, let me add one more thing.
Momoyo: I'm having fun right now, Yamato.
Momoyo: Knowing you, I'm sure you spent time looking into all sorts of things and came up with a detailed plan.
Yamato: Well, you're not entirely wrong.
*She completely saw through me.*
Momoyo: Heh. Thanks.
Momoyo: I've had some clouds over my heart for a while, but there's a bit more sun in there now.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*She was a free spirit, the type who said whatever came to mind.*
*I couldn't remember her ever being anything different.*
*And now she wanted me to be manly?*
*That wouldn't be easy for me... But I'd give it my all.*
*The weather hadn't played along, but she'd had a truly fun time.*
*Which meant our date was surely a success.*
*--During joint PE with another class.*
Lu: Yes yes, let's start playing Kawakami Soccer!
*Soccer was a novel game where, after scoring a goal, you earn points based on your performance. Also, the game started with penalty kicks.*
Yamato: ...So you see, yesterday's date was a success.
*I'd just finished reporting the results of the date to everyone who'd been part of the strategy meeting.*
Takuya: Nice going. Congrats, Yamato! (He shook my hand.)
Yamato: Thanks, Moro.
Gakuto: But no kiss? You haven't kissed? ...Great! We're still on the same level. Heheheh.
Yamato: Uh, considering we just went on a date, I'm pretty sure I'm ahead of you.
Gakuto: Gah! Are you sayin' brawn can never triumph over brains?!
Shouichi: Good thing I spent the whole day prayin' things were going well.
Yamato: Capt, we both know you slept all day long.
Tadakatsu: So, you make plans for date number 2?
Yamato: Tomorrow's Tanabata, so there's a festival at the Kawakami Temple.
Tadakatsu: But ain't your whole gang goin' together?
Shouichi: As the leader, I've got that covered.
Shouichi: We'll all hang out together at first, then split up later.
Yamato: I owe you.
Shouichi: And I can't wait to see how you pay me back. How's five bowls of Tenryuu ramen with the works sound?
Tadakatsu: Still, you're lucky your girl's a cinch to understand.
Yamato: Hm?
Tadakatsu: Ain't a girl's heart usually more of a secret?
Tadakatsu: But she's tellin' you everything she wants.
Takuya: You're right. Now Yamato just has to deliver.
Yamato: Yeah. But how am I supposed to prove my manliness?
Gakuto: You could develop muscles to rival mine and flex.
Shouichi: Better idea. Let's dominate a sport?
Takuya: Win a duel?
Yamato: See? There's way too many options.
Ikurou: What are you talking about? Sex? Then let me join in.
Touma: You boys look like you're having quite a bit of fun.
Gakuto: It's gettin' real crowded. And hey, no one invited you guys from Class S.
Yamato: Well, since you're all here, there's something I want to ask you.
Yamato: If someone asked you to prove your manliness, what would you do?
Ikurou: I'd show off my raging boner.
Takuya: Okay, so you'd be arrested. Anyone else?
Jun: I'd speak at length about what I'm proud of. That's common sense, if you stop and think.
Yamato: I know where this is going, but I'm still going to ask -- what are you proud of?
Jun: I am proudest of how I admire small girls from afar, never coming so close as to--
Takuya: That makes two people arrested.
Touma: Might one of the fairer sex asked that question?
Yamato: Well, you're welcome to make that assumption.
Touma: Then I would be jealous... Perhaps that would be evidence of manliness.
Gakuto: Nah, that's girly. A true man is never jealous.
Yamato: Weren't you saying you were jealous of me all of five minutes ago?
Touma: But on a more serious note, were a girl to say that to me...
Touma: I would pull her in close, pucker up, and kiss the girl.
Touma: Then I would sweetly whisper in her ear, 'That was but a taste of what I have to offer. Would you be interested in a full serving?'
Yamato: Yo, back off!
Jun: Only you could pull that off, Young Master.
Mitsuru: Manliness... Hmm... I'd bring a delicious dish!
Shouichi: In a way, that seems like the right choice for any living being.
Suguru: The best way to increase your manliness would be to raise your STR score.
Yamato: This is real life, not video games.
Suguru: How can you so lightly tell a classmate to fuck off?
*...Our discussion had grown heated.*
Miyako: ......
Yamato: What's wrong, Miyako?
Miyako: Yamato, since you were stuck in the middle of all those disgusting guys...
Miyako: I thought seeing me in bloomers would cleanse your palate.
Yamato: Well, that's kind of you...
Miyako: They're a bit wedged in there, so maybe I should turn my back to you a bit more?
Yamato: You're fine.
*Manliness... How was I to be manly?*
*Tanabata--*
*Excitement for the festival took over the city, with decorations covering every street in Kawakami.*
Kazuko: Okay, time to play and time to eat!
Momoyo: Don't get lost again, Wanko.
Yamato: Getting lost in literally your own backyard takes talent, too.
*We'd come to the Kawakami Temple's annual Tanabata Festival.*
Gakuto: But still...
Gakuto: Did none of you even think to wear a yukata?
Chris: I did desire to do so, yet considering I came directly here from school...
Kazuko: I say, no thanks. I can't run in those fancy clothes.
Yukie: I wasn't sure if I'd be out of place wearing mine or not, so I, umm...
Gakuto: There's no way you'd be out of place. A time like this should be special.
Takuya: Well, at least everything around us is glamorous.
Gakuto: Yeah, and lots'a yukata dresses everywhere, too.
Momoyo: Hahaha. Then you'll have to get one of those cute yukata wearing girls for yourself.
Miyako: That is, if you can. Heh heh heh.
Gakuto: I'm sorry. Please let me make it up to you.
Shouichi: Sweet. All troops, move out!
*We did the full tour of the stalls.*
Kazuko: I'm glad I came here with an empty stomach.
Miyako: Even so, I think you've eaten far too much.
Momoyo: Where next?
Takuya: Oh, excuse me... Whoa. It's gotten crowded.
Shouichi: Okay, then let's change things around and split up.
Shouichi: Miyako, let's hit up the archery range. The two of us can get any prize we want.
Miyako: Sure, all right.
Miyako: (He is blatantly separating us... But I can take a hint. For now, I have to grin and bear this pain.)
Yamato: Nee-san, would you like to head that way?
Momoyo: Yeah, okay.
Kazuko: Then I'm coming too!
Takuya: Oh, Wanko, I'm heading over to the snack scoop stalls. Want to come with?
Kazuko: Wow. I've never heard of snack scooping, but it sounds like something out of a dream. Is it real?!
Takuya: Yeah, I heard about it online. It's over that way.
Kazuko: Yay! Time to scoop up my weight in chocolate!
Takuya: (I did it. Even I can provide support fire, Yamato.)
Takuya: (Now I just have to show Wanko a good time!)
Gakuto: Okay. As I'm sure you still don't fully know your way around, I will proudly serve as your guide for a bit longer.
Chris: Okay. What is this 'candy carving' thing?
Gakuto: That requires a bit too much finesse for me to excel at... But maybe it'd be your forte. Let's try it.
Chris: Yes.
Yukie: ......
Matsukaze: ......
Yukie: Matsukaze and I are a pair, aren't we?
Matsukaze: Eheheh. You and me, through'n through.
Yukie: Oh no, I'm not upset by this, I swear!
Matsukaze: I didn't say nothin'... I feel for ya, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Let's enjoy this summer festival, together!
Matsukaze: Me, I wanna try shootin'.
Gakuto: Hey, what're you doing? We're going, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Wah?!
Gakuto: I said I'd show you newbies around.
Chris: You said you wanted to go shooting, Mayucchi?
Chris: I myself am interested in that. Shall we go there after the candy carving?
Yukie: O-Okay!
Matsukaze: You done good, Mayucchi!
*............*
Momoyo: Hmm... There aren't many cute girls this year.
Momoyo: Mngh. Do you see that? It's nasty.
Yamato: Hm...?
Momoyo: Look at those playboys hitting on those poor young girls.
Yamato: Okay. So what?
Momoyo: They're going down the path that can turn a girl into a woman in a single summer night.
Yamato: Put it like that, and I guess it's kind of nasty.
Momoyo: Now if they were fooling around with me, they could rest assured their chastity would be safe.
Momoyo: So really, it would be wrong of me not to swoop on in there and show those girls what they're missing.
Yamato: There you go again...
*I said...*
Let her have her fun
Insist that she stay
*Well, I figured I could let her do as she wanted.*
*The worst thing I could do would be to ruin her mood.*
*Let it never be said I didn't make sacrifices for the woman I loved.*
*Thanks to that, she remained in a good mood.*
*...Though it felt like ages before she finally returned, satisfied.*
SE78
Momoyo: Then I, Kawakami Momoyo, am going in!
Yamato: Before you go...
*I grabbed Nee-san's arm.*
Momoyo: Hm?
Yamato: You're with me tonight, so let's hang out together.
Yamato: C'mon. I'll buy you some shaved ice.
Momoyo: Hohoh? Can't stand to spend a minute away from me?
Momoyo: Okay, I wouldn't want to make my poor little bro jealous.
*She playfully roughed up my hair with her fingers.*
Momoyo: Now, what flavor of syrup should I get...
*Whew, I'd managed to put a stop to her.*
*She never would have listened to me before.*
*...Which meant she was starting to change her behavior around me.*
*Meanwhile, Shouichi was at the archery range.*
Carny : Stop! Enough! Do you intend to take everything I have?!
Shouichi: Miyako, finish off the rest of the targets.
Miyako: Target acquired. Firing.
Carny : How're you that good? You're just a student!
Carny : Damn! First my company went under thanks to subprime loans, and now that I'm getting back on my feet, I gotta deal with you? Can't a man catch a break?!
Miyako: None of that matters. You set up a game, and I am playing it. It's as simple as that.
Shouichi: Haha. Nice going, Miyako. You were incredible.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Miyako: (It's fun playing with everyone in the Family...)
Miyako: (I can't let myself be negative all the time because of what's happening with Yamato.)
Miyako: (After all, I don't want to lose this either.)
Miyako: ...Do you want to do candy cutouts next?
Shouichi: Heck yeah! That'll be my time to shine! Just you wait!
*As for Momoyo and me...*
Momoyo: It's been years since I played with a Super Ball.
*She said, bouncing the ball she'd won in a game.*
Momoyo: Brainstorm: What if I mixed bouncy balls into a martial arts style? That sounds pretty cool to me.
Yamato: Do you really think that's going to work?
Momoyo: Oh, aren't those girls from your class?
Yamato: Oh, it's Ogasawara-san and her friends.
Momoyo: Uniforms, eh? ...Okay, time to show off some bouncy ball martial arts.
Momoyo: I'm basically ripping off something I saw in an old manga, but... Kawakami Style: Silver World!
*She threw the bouncy ball.*
*It ricocheted off the ground by Ogasawara-san's feet.*
*Of course, being a bouncy ball, it lost almost none of its speed coming back up...*
Chika: Wawawa? Um, what just happened?
*It then flipped up the girl's skirt.*
Momoyo: Ooh, they're white! Hahahaha!
Momoyo: 'Silver World' was definitely the right name for it.
Yamato: All that just to come up with a new way to sexually harass them?
Momoyo: I've got other ideas too.
Momoyo: Like, if I flick one nice and fast... Kawakami Style: Finger Gun Mk. II!
*The ball literally flew faster than a speeding bullet.*
*She'd fired it at empty space, so it bounced off of a wall.*
Momoyo: And it comes back to you like a boomerang, so you've got infinite ammo.
Yamato: ...The ball's literally scorched.
Momoyo: Oh, whoops. I guess we'll have to scratch the infinite part.
Yamato: Come to think of it, Nee-san, are you playing the game?
Momoyo: Creature Hunter? Yeah, now and then.
Yamato: Did you read the picture books I lent you?
Momoyo: There were times where I could almost figure out what they meant. I still can't believe one girl went to hell for stepping on a loaf of bread.
Yamato: What about the CDs?
Momoyo: Mmm. I've tried listening to all of them, but...
Momoyo: None of them really blew me away.
Yamato: Oh.
*I just wasn't finding anything that got her hooked.*
*Well, I knew this was going to take time.*
Momoyo: Still, you've been recommending me a lot of stuff lately.
Yamato: I want to have more things I can talk about with you.
Momoyo: Heheh. How wonderfully noble of you.
Momoyo: ...Oh, Yamato, look there. They've got goldfish scooping.
Momoyo: Too bad there's no hermit crab scooping, eh?
Yamato: Hermit crabs are far too delicate to put through something like--
*Wait, stop! I could talk about that subject for days, but more importantly...*
*What if I had her raise an animal?*
*If she had something to calm her after a battle, maybe that would cause real change.*
Yamato: So Nee-san, I'll catch you a goldfish.
Momoyo: Hmm, a goldfish?
Momoyo: Don't they die really fast?
Yamato: That depends on the owner.
Yamato: I myself raised a colored chick into a full-blown chicken.
Momoyo: Well, sure.: ...Oh!
Momoyo: That goldfish has a pretty nice color to it!
Momoyo: It's pretty. I think I want it.
Yamato: Which one?
Momoyo: That one, the one that's glowing blue in the back-right color.
Yamato: (The blue goldfish? ...It's big. If I try to scoop it up with the paper, it'll break.)
Momoyo: It'll be tricky, getting that one. I can feel its life force.
Yamato: Yeah, I can see it swimming vigorously down near the bottom.
Momoyo: And it's straight-up big... But despite that, it's got a pretty color.
Yamato: Okay. Leave it to me, Nee-san.
Momoyo: There's a lot of weak ones up near the surface...
Yamato: If it's the blue one you want, it's the blue one you'll get.
Momoyo: Yeah. Honestly, that's the only one I'm interested in.
Yamato: Sir, we're here to play.
Carny 2: Hey, hey, don't tell me Momoyo's takin' a--
Momoyo: Relax. I'm just here to watch.
Carny 2: Then all right. I can't have you takin' all my best goldfish.
Yamato: (So Nee-san's not allowed to play...)
Yamato: (Then I have to win!)
Momoyo: I'm counting on you. Show me how gallant you can be.
Yamato: (I have to scoop him up the moment he's in range.)
Yamato: (I won't have long. Slack off, and I'll miss.)
*Not yet, I told myself... Still no... Focus.*
*Like a man born to ace quick-time events.*
*The blue one inched closer, little by little.*
*Almost. He slowly swayed closer.*
*Ngh. He changed directions? Seriously?*
*No, he was coming straight for me!*
*Now!: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
Scoop!
SE78
Yamato: Got him!
Carny 2: Mmph! You're fast!
Momoyo: Wow
*I splendidly secured the blue goldfish.*
Yamato: Did you see that, Nee-san? One shot, one goldfish.
Momoyo: Yeah, you proved your worth. Good job, lil' bro.
Carny 2: That was some nice focus you had there, kiddo.
Yamato: Kh!
Momoyo: Mm, too slow.
Carny 2: Yeah, not even close.
Yamato: Bwuh? The paper broke?!
*I'd moved too slowly, and my paper broke.*
Momoyo: You failed, lil' bro.
Yamato: Oh, that was just the top of the first.
Yamato: One more try! Hiya!
*Nope.*
Yamato: Gh. There's still the bottom of the second...
Momoyo: You're not really gonna go through all nine innings, are you?
Carny 2: There could be extra innings too. Or a rematch if it ends in a tie.
Yamato: (I'm sick of them making fun of me.)
Yamato: (Although, if I trap the goldfish against the frame, he's mine.)
Yamato: (But no. That would probably hurt the poor thing.)
*I proceeded to fail six more times.*
Momoyo: Hey, if you can't, then you can't. That's fine.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm definitely not winning this one. Let's call it.
*The damn goldfish looked like he was taking a casual Sunday swim, he was moving so slowly. Like he wasn't even trying to dodge.*
Yamato: How about this?!
Momoyo: Oh, nice timing
Carny 2: Well, guess that turned out okay in the end, kiddo.
*Somehow I got the goldfish I was aiming for.*
Carny 2: Good job sticking with it, and not trying to be cheap. That takes guts.
Carny 2: I've seen kids these days trap the goldfish against the frame, and it pisses me off every time. We got rules, dammit.
Momoyo: There's no glory in that.
Yamato: (Good thing I didn't try that...)
Carny 2: That there's one of the top blue goldfish I've ever seen. You won't find many like him even in the best pet shops in town.
Yamato: I can see that. There's not a scratch on him, and his scales are so lustrous and bright.
*The carny put the blue goldfish in a plastic bag, which I handed to Momoyo.*
Momoyo: Hmm... I'm liking his color more by the second.
Yamato: Please take good care of him.
Momoyo: I'll call him... Takeru, after Yamato Takeru, since you caught him.
Momoyo: I've never raised a pet before, but I'll give it a try.
*She gazed kindly at the goldfish.*
*Maybe... Maybe this would work.*
*At the very least, it might lessen her urge to battle.*
Momoyo: Thanks, Yamato.
*Most important of all, I'd made her happy.*
Yamato: *yawn* ...I'm exhausted.
Mayo: That was a very big yawn. Did you stay up all night?
Yamato: Truth is, I've really been hitting the books lately.
Mayo: Wow! I'm so proud of you, Naoe-chan!
Yamato: For semester finals, I want to at least wipe the floor with those S bastards.
Mayo: Judging by the look in your eyes, you must truly mean that.
Yamato: Yeah. I figure that talking a big game will force me to put up or shut up.
*If I did come in first, Nee-san would notice.*
*Granted, that was asking an awful lot, but that had to be my goal.*
*I would send her texts now and then as I went about that work.*
*Which made my days pretty fulfilling, if I do say so myself.*
Yamato: (I should head straight home again today and get to studying.)
*But I was too focused on my ambitions to have any idea of what was about to happen.*
Gakuto: Congratulations. *clap, clap*
Takuya: Haha, congratulations. *clap, clap*
Ikurou: Seriously, congrats! *clap, clap*
Yamato: Guys, what's going on?
Gakuto: Yamato, you've earned the right to attend the Goblins' Banquet.
Ikurou: So we've come here to invite you.
Takuya: It's going to take place today, too.
Yamato: Oh, I've heard rumors about that...
Gakuto: It'll take place after school, in the gym.
Ikurou: You are coming, right?
Yamato: If I can just say something first, we do have exams all of next week.
Ikurou: Huh? I must've misheard you, because that didn't sound much like a yes.
Yamato: Heh.
Gakuto: What's the big deal? It's just one last party before the apocalypse. If this were a movie, it'd be the scene that makes grown men cry.
Yamato: So you have zero faith you're going to pass?
Takuya: Uh, I mean, I'm not doing that bad.
Gakuto: Look, I know you're busy with studying, but you have to come with.
Gakuto: Who knows -- it might be a good change of pace!
Yamato: Gakuto... Yeah, I guess you're right.
*I could at least pop in for a little while.*
Ikurou: Then I'll see you at the gym at 5. After all, with exams coming up, there won't be any clubs using the space.
Gakuto: Tell the guy in front of the gym 'swordfish', and he'll let you in.
Yamato: Why don't we just all go together?
Ikurou: Don't forget this is still a dark gathering.
Gakuto: We can't let on about it.
Yamato: ...Why do I feel like I'm going to regret this?
*............*
*After school I went to the gym, said the password, and was allowed in.*
Yamato: Shoot, I spent so long studying at the library that I'm late.
Yamato: Wait... This feels strangely... passionate? (I heard murmurs all around me.)
Gakuto: You're late, Yamato. We're about to start.
Takuya: Yamato, pin the number card you were given at the entrance to your chest.
Yamato: Um, why's it only guys in here?
*And, err...*
*Why did they all radiate negativity?*
*Every single one of them seemed like someone who had no hopes of getting a girlfriend.*
Yamato: Oh yeah. What was it that gave me the right to come here anyways?
Gakuto: You met the followin' two requirements.
Gakuto: First, you've never had a girlfriend. And second, you've experienced the pain of rejection.
Yamato: Then everyone else here's in the same boat?
Gakuto: There's other ways to earn the right to attend. Girls can simply call you 'yuck', or...
Gakuto: Anyway, no one knows why any other participant has earned the right to attend, but we all bear scars. Scars that have turned our hearts into goblins'.
Takuya: Oh, he's coming!
Yamato: Who's coming?
Gakuto: The hosts of the Goblins' Banquet.
Goblin 1: Now begins the monthly feast!
Goblin 2: Bow before the Virgin Emperor!
Goblin 3: Virgin Emperor! Virgin Emperor! Virgin Emperor!
*Others took up the cry, and their voices filled the room.*
*Then a single man appeared upon the stage.*
Virgin Emperor: I am the Virgin Emperor! Neither love nor pity have a place here!
Yamato: Wait -- Yonpachi?!
Gakuto: Shh! Here, he has absolute authority as the Virgin Emperor.
Goblin 4: Virgin Emperor! Virgin Emperor! Virgin Emperor!
Virgin Emperor: I bid you welcome! The time is ripe as are the fruits of this land. We are surely blessed!
Virgin Emperor: So come, place your sacrifices upon the altar!
Goblin 52: Th-Then I'mma go first.
Goblin 52: This is a can whose contents were drunk by Class 1-C's Nakajou Tamaki-chan!
Virgin Emperor: Oh? Well, she's got a decent reputation for being cute...
Virgin Emperor: Is there... video evidence?
Goblin 52: O-Of course.
*He played the video evidence on the gymnasium's screen.*
Goblin 52: This is the can we see her throwing away.
Virgin Emperor: Hmm, so this is the genuine article! Then bid for it!
Goblin 49: 5,000!
Goblin 26: 8,000!
Goblin 86: 10,000!
Yamato: Ah... The 'Goblin's Banquet' -- I get it.
Gakuto: We bid on items used by beautiful girls.
Yamato: I see why you called it a dark gathering.
Virgin Emperor: The empty can has been won for 13,000 yen. What next?
Goblin 126: These are 3-A's Yoyo-senpai's indoor shoes. She went to throw these away, having bought new ones, but I rescued these from the trash.
Virgin Emperor: Oh? Isn't she the exchange student who finds a new boyfriend as often as she buys those new shoes?
Goblin 11: I want them! 8,000 yen!
Goblin 86: Nah, they're mine! 12,000 yen!
*This was their banquet.*
*A feast held by those who could never win a woman's love, and thus tried to gobble it instead.*
Virgin Emperor: Bring the next sacrifice before the altar!
Yamato: Also, back up. Why's Yonpachi acting so high-and-mighty?
Takuya: Because, if we're ever caught, he'll take all the blame upon himself.
Takuya: In exchange, he gets all the power and authority.
Yamato: Huh? Why would he go that far?
Gakuto: There are those who want girls' sexual goods.
Gakuto: That's more than enough reason for him to risk his life.
Gakuto: This is bigger than just satisfyin' fetishists. It is a requiem for the guys whom girls only hate.
Yamato: So there's stuff belonging to Nee-san and the other girls from our group?
Takuya: No way. I mean, if she found out, you think we'd survive the week?
Yamato: But still, can you really stop all trade in them?
Takuya: Well, in truth, there's a ton of demand.
Gakuto: But that is precisely why I'm here.
Gakuto: I won't let them auction out our girls' things.
Yamato: Wow... Nice!
Gakuto: I promise you, I'm not here just to satisfy my own lusts.
Takuya: No matter how you try to justify it, we're still kind of just a bunch of creeps...
*So continued the Goblins' Banquet...*
Virgin Emperor: The banquet is in full swing... Yes, now I shall produce my own offerings.
Goblin 49: It's finally time for the Virgin Emperor's high-res photo collection!
Goblin 26: Now the Banquet really begins.
Virgin Emperor: Today I have for you a sports festival special: a maelstrom of bloomers!
Goblin 86: Yeaaahhh! Bloomers!
*The goblins stomped their approval.*
*Their excitement shook the very ground beneath their feet.*
Virgin Emperor: We'll start with the light bloomers.
Virgin Emperor: They are, so to speak, photos of girls standing tall in bloomers.
Virgin Emperor: Yet is there not profit in possessing a picture of the girl you adore in bloomers?
Virgin Emperor: I have numbered the photographs. Bid using those numbers and your price.
Virgin Emperor: First, the super rare. SR1, Kawakami Momoyo. SR2, Shiina Miyako. SR3, Chris. SR4, Kawakami Kazuko. And last is SR5, Mayuzumi Yukie.
Yamato: Hey, they're all--Wait a minute!
Yamato: Those are just normal photos, but they're being called super rare?
Gakuto: There's no other goods for them. There can't be, remember?
Takuya: However, they're so popular that they're still super rare.
Yamato: But, they're just standing there... Hmm.
Virgin Emperor: Next, the rare. R1, Ogasawara Chika. R2, Sakakibara Koyuki. R3, Yaba Yumiko, the Archery Club captain...
Virgin Emperor: Next, the uncommon. U1, Nakajou Tamaki. U2, Nakama Megumi......
Virgin Emperor: ...Those are all the commons. That concludes the list.
Virgin Emperor: Now, my goblins, time to bid!
Gakuto: 3,000 for R3! 2,000 for U5!
Goblin 49: 5,000 for SR3! 4,000 for SR2!
Goblin 86: 7,000 for SR4!
Goblin 133: 5,000 for SR2!
Yamato: Wow, a lot of people want those super rares.
*I could hardly believe their passion. As for myself...*
I bid on SR1 (Momoyo)
I'll wait and see
Yamato: Hmm, why not give it a try?
*Still, the photo was kind of simplistic...*
*I mean, she was my friend. I already had plenty of that kind of photo.*
Yamato: But they're bloomers! I have to try!
Yamato: 3,000 for SR1!
*I'd thought that a fairly low bid, yet the gym fell silent all the same.*
Goblin 49: ...He's a hero, dancing with death for his love.
Goblin 86: I myself totally want it too, but I'm not that brave.
Goblin 133: He'll live to regret this... Wait. But isn't he friends with Momo-senpai?
*Apparently, fear of retribution kept most of the participants from bidding.*
*A few did pop up all the same, but I won out in the end.*
Yamato: Well, I don't have to do anything.
*I mean, it was just a picture of her standing.*
*I probably have some just like it.*
Takuya: 6,000 for SR2!
*Everyone really cared about these bids.*
Virgin Emperor: Now, next I have the hard bloomers.
Virgin Emperor: In plain terms, these valuable photos were taken from risque angles.
Virgin Emperor: First, I have here one of Ogasawara Chika!
Virgin Emperor: This is a close-up of the very moment she adjusted her bloomers to fix a wedgie!
Goblin 1: Whoa, that's sexy!
Goblin 2: Virgin Emperor, only you could capture such a divine moment!
Goblin 3: It'll be mine!
Yamato: ...He must be making money hand over fist.
Takuya: But Yonpachi spends it all on his camera.
Gakuto: And what's left over, he spends buyin' porn mags for those too shy to buy them on their own.
Gakuto: He'll say, 'This one's on me'.
Takuya: It can be hard to walk in there and buy them yourself, yeah.
Yamato: Huh?! Moro, you're not going to poke fun at that?!
Gakuto: He is the porn evangelist! I pray he never changes.
Yamato:  Maybe you should pray he never gets arrested.
Kyojin: Hey, hey. Naoe, you're here, too?
Yamato: There's teachers here? Seriously?
Kyojin: Well, I'm basically in charge of making sure things don't get out of hand.
Kyojin: Don't blow a fuse, Naoe. You'll just embarrass yourself.
Virgin Emperor: Next, I have a photo of Ms. Kojima sitting down to eat a banana for lunch. While it's not sexy on its own, just let your imagination run amok--
Kyojin: 20,000!
Virgin Emperor: ...Sold!
Kyojin: See that, kids? That's how a man wins an auction!
Yamato: ...Yeah, that was embarrassing, all right.
Virgin Emperor: Next is 2-F Class Rep, Amakasu Mayo. Her mouth is open to eat a sandwich as part of an eating contest, with her belly button exposed.
Goblin 49: 3,000!
Goblin 26: 4,000!
Jun: Silence, small fry!
Jun: 100,000!!!
*The gym instantly fell quiet.*
Virgin Emperor: You are as powerful as ever, Goblin 108!
Takuya: Only the son of a doctor would have that much money to burn...
Jun: I will treasure this photograph forever.
Jun: ...Forever and ever...
*I was right. The Goblin's Banquet was a gathering of the worst.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: Nee-san, how's the goldfish doing?
Momoyo: It's weird. I had no idea how much work there'd be starting out.
Momoyo: You have to dechlorinate the water, and set up filters, and all of that cost a lot.
Yamato: But when you look at Takeru, it all feels worthwhile, doesn't it?
Momoyo: Well, I followed the advice you gave me, and that seems to be working out.
Yamato: Great. (Thanks, Moro.)
Takuya: (I'm happy to help.)
*I asked him to gather information on how to care for goldfish, and he'd done an amazing job summarizing it all.*
Takuya: (I mean, that's all I have to offer.)
Yamato: (You really went above and beyond, and with tests coming up too... I owe you.)
Gakuto: Still, I never thought you'd raise a goldfish.
Kazuko: I was super surprised, too.
Miyako: We'll have to have a celebratory feast tonight.
Momoyo: You're all that surprised? Damn, that's harsh.
Momoyo: I can't explain why, but Takeru did kind of grow on me.
Yamato: His blue color is pretty amazing.
Momoyo: There's that, too. But, when I saw him with those weak red goldfish, I knew that he couldn't be happy in there. It's too small for him'.
Momoyo: He needed an adventure on his own.
Yamato: You remember I'm the one who caught him, right?
Momoyo: Yeah, yeah. I remember, of course. (She tousled my hair.)
Momoyo: ...Ooh, I'd know that aura anywhere. Capt's here.
Takuya: Then it's time to start our special pre-exam Meeting.
*Moro took books and notebooks out of his bag.*
Miyako: All right, time to teach the class.
*Miyako took more books out of her bag.*
Shouichi: Today, I wanna spend the Friday Meeting--
Miyako: --You'll be spending it studying. As will everyone else.
Shouichi: Okay, this side of the room is for everyone who's given up.
Takuya: Well everyone who wants to at least pass their exams can come over here.
Miyako: I promise we'll be gentle. Heh heh.
Kazuko: Capt, can I come join you?
Miyako: You're not going anywhere, Wanko.:  (She started dragging her.)
Kazuko: Awawa! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but it hurts! Please stop!
Miyako: My motherly instincts insist you at least don't get an F.
Miyako: And if you make that go to waste, I'll take my grudge to the grave.
Kazuko: Awawawawa... B-But I...
Kazuko: I think I'm too far gone...
Yamato: That's not true. Keep struggling until the very end.
Miyako: All you need to pass is to focus on the main concepts.
Kazuko: O-Okay. That sounds doable. I'll try it!
Yamato: Though to be blunt, it's only a stopgap solution.
Miyako: Heh heh... Everything else is your responsibility.
Gakuto: I too cannot afford to fail.
Takuya: Good luck. Failing a test is the lamest thing you can do after all.
Chris: I am decently confident in my abilities...
Chris: But Yamato, you seem likely to excel.
Takuya: He'll be in the top ten, probably.
Chris: Nngh. I will not stomach the taunting I know would follow from that! I will match his success!
Yukie: I would like to participate as well.
Matsukaze: What d'ya want from me? Some English help? Then I'm your horse.
Matsukaze: I   c a n   s p e a k   E n g l i s h .
Yamato: That was impressive, Matsukaze, but I think we'll be fine without you.
Yukie: Matsukaze, would you please take a short nap?
Matsukaze: Yeah, sounds good. ...Zzz... Zzz...
Yamato: Okay, guys and gals. You ready?
Kazuko: Ready and waiting!
Takuya: You know you don't have to do this, Yamato. Shouldn't you focus on improving your own score?
Yamato: Teaching others also helps me ensure I understand the material completely.
Miyako: Yeah. So, where do you want to start?
Yamato: Let's start with English.
Kazuko: That's one of my bottom three subjects.
Takuya: Isn't every subject equally bad for you?
Yamato: If you memorize the examples on the pages I specify, you should do decently well.
Chris: Oh? Intriguing. On what basis?
Yamato: It's based off of past exam problems, what I've heard from the teachers, and advice I've gotten from people who've taken the tests before.
Chris: Then the information is not illicit.
Yamato: It's just information that lets us study more efficiently. And wouldn't you say information's important?
Chris: Hmm... Yes, I do appreciate the value of information in a military context.
Shouichi: ...You're a lot more flexible than you used to be, Chris.
Momoyo: It's boring in here in the I-give-up side of the room.
Shouichi: Each and every one of them's struggling in vain.
Shouichi: Huh? Momo-senpai, what're you reading?
Momoyo: Some stuff on how to take care of goldfish. I got it from the library.
Shouichi: Wow. I feel like I'm seeing something special.
Momoyo: Turns out goldfish are delicate, so I gotta be careful.
Momoyo: It's way easier to destroy something than to raise it...
Yamato: (Oh, maybe Nee-san's heading in a good direction.)
Kazuko: Hey, Yamato. Yamato! What's this example mean?
Yamato: Oh, sorry. I spaced out for a bit. Let me see.
Yamato: <Parents love their troublesome children all the more.>
Miyako: It's about you, Wanko.
Kazuko: Mnn?
Yamato: It means that the stupider a kid is, the cuter they are. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Mmmm! I'm not that stupid! I'll fight you!
*Everything was going swimmingly. I hoped we'd ride this current through the exams.*
*--On the day of the exams.*
Umeko: Show me the fruits of your hard work.
Umeko: Top scorers will have their names posted in the hallway...
Umeko: Exhibit the depths of your potential! Now, begin!
Yamato: (I'm completely fired up for this test.)
*What follows are the highlights of this week.*
*On Tuesday, in Japanese History.*
*I flew through the questions.*
*It had always been a fairly unique class. For instance, take this question...*
*During the age of Emperor Shomu, what currency did the government try to circulate?*
Liangshan coins
Pelica
Heijo coins
Linten dollars
Wadokaichin coins
*This seemed right-ish, but... It was kind of...*
*This seemed right... Wait, no it didn't.*
*I felt like I was falling for the obvious joke answer.*
*This seemed right... But also wrong.*
*This seemed right... Wait, was it really right?*
*It was something like this. I was pretty sure of that.*
*There were too many freebies.*
*Well, whatever. I had essay questions ahead of me.*
*--On Wednesday, in Civics and Economics.*
Lu: I'll be proctoring your exams today.
Lu: Civics and economics are important subjects for today's generation.
*This was one of the problems. The choices were... different, to say the least.*
*Which treaty, established during the Cold War, was designed to prevent wars before they happened?*
SDI (Strategic Defense Initiative)
ZIP (Zone Information Protocol)
CFE (Conventional Armed Forces in Europe) Treaty
CUC (Cuckolding)
*This, maybe? Still, something about it felt off.*
*Huh? Seriously? Well, guess I was going for broke.*
*Well, that seemed reasonable.*
*...Maybe I needed to take a step back and try again.*
*Well, whatever. There was only one way to go: forward.*
*--On Friday, in English.*
Kyojin: Okay, English is coming up next, but I'd better not see you try to cheat.
Kyojin: Seriously, it's too much paperwork. Neither of us wants to deal with that.
*The teacher kindly started us off with a practice comprehension question.*
*Please find the closest matching English phrase: Tonari no heya ga urusakute nemuremasen.*
I can not sleep because the room next door is noisy.
My neighbor asked if we could sleep together.
The room next door became the scene of a murder.
My neighbor complained that they couldn't sleep.
The girl next door will won't talk to me.
*Well, it's clearly this one.*
*Huh? This one? Well, it is romantic, kinda.*
*If this one was right, it'd be so cool.*
*I could see it being this one.*
*That's a pretty sad translation.*
*Okay, I was sweeping right through these problems.*
*They got harder as I went along, but I still figured them out.*
*............*
Umeko: That was your last exam. Well done hanging in there.
Umeko: I hope everyone did well?
Kazuko: Hawah... I'm gonna just drop dead now.
Mayo: Wanko-chan's melting like ice cream in the sun.
Umeko: Heh. Then she's finally put that brain of hers to use.
Umeko: You should look forward to seeing the results next week.
Mayo: Are you going to start grading them right away? That must be a lot of work.
Umeko: It's no problem. We've already started grading the subjects you took earlier in the week.
Umeko: If anything, the real trouble is giving you your grades afterwards.
Umeko: After all, your report cards are due in a week.
Ikurou: Mmm, that's quite a lot of work.
Ikurou: Yeah. It's July, but you can't spend time hanging out with your boyfriend.
Umeko: I have no boyfriend.
Ikurou: Ms. Ume, how do you spend your summer evenings?
Umeko: I watch the baseball games and eat rice crackers.
Gakuto: Nobody make any wisecracks, or we're doomed!
Gakuto: Let Ms. Ume have what little happiness she can find!
Umeko: ...Hey.
Gakuto: So don't you dare let on that she's missed her chance to marry someone! Not now, not ever!
Gakuto: Don't worry, Ms. Ume! I'll still respect you!
Umeko: That's enough out of you, Shimazu! Uncultured swine!
Gakuto: Gwah! I-I'm sorry...
*We'd be getting our results soon, and then came summer break!*
*I had one goal for the summer... to get close to her.*
*--Along the Tama River, in a grassy field.*
Shouichi: Think you can stop my tornado dribble?!
Kazuko: It'll be way easier than you think!: Hah!
*We were all playing soccer.*
Takuya: I've got the loose ball.
Kazuko: Wow! Nice, Moro!
Takuya: I'm passing to you, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Okay, time to score a hundred points with one shot.
Miyako: Heh heh. I've got you now.
Momoyo: Nngh. I know I'm going easy, but I still don't like it when I'm beat!
Miyako: Chris, I'm passing to you, straight as an arrow.
Chris: Then I am ready. Fujiyama...
Chris: Shoot!
Gakuto: You'll need a cooler name than that to score on me!
Chris: What?!
Yamato: Nice save.
Gakuto: Chris is easy. She always looks exactly where she's goin' to shoot.
Yamato: So being so straightforward is backfiring on her.
Takuya: Huff, huff... Still, all this running really takes the wind out of me.
Yamato: They're taking it easy, while you and I have to go all-out just to keep up.
Takuya: Well, at least it's good exercise.
Yamato: Okay. Time to attack.
*............*
Shouichi: Whew! It's been too long since we last played soccer.
Kazuko: Hey, hey, what's next?
Yamato: Someone's a little bundle of energy. Let's see... We could play house?
Yamato: Let's make the family as realistically modern as we can.
Yamato: And the husband and wife will already be drifting apart.
Chris: Why must we pretend to be going through such tough times?
Shouichi: Hey Chris, it's your big brother!
Chris: You do not need to play along, Capt.
Momoyo: Want to skip straight to what happens at night, Mayu-Mayu?
Yukie: Hu?! Wh-What happens at night?
Momoyo: Really, you can tack 'at night' onto the end of anything, and you'll wind up talking about sex.
Chris: For example?
Momoyo: Miyako at night.
Miyako: My lust has increased.
Momoyo: Wanko at night.
Kazuko: I've only got time to train! Push-ups, sit-ups, squats!
Yamato: Bless your heart.
Momoyo: How about we all go to Okinawa in August?
Chris: Goodness, that was an amazing change of subject.
Takuya: That's the Kazama Family's specialty. You'll get used to it soon.
Matsukaze: Yo, I'm gettin' used to it so fast, you oughta call me Mr. Adaptable over here.
Kazuko: Oh! Onee-san, you want to take us to the Kawakami Temple's Okinawa Training Grounds?
Momoyo: One of the old monk's out running a boarding house in his hometown, Okinawa.
Momoyo: And he said we're welcome whenever.
Shouichi: Seriously?! Wait -- so it's free?!
Momoyo: Room and board are free, but travel expenses and anything else is on you.
Miyako: That sounds too good to be true... Some mystery's going to spring up there, I can feel it.
Kazuko: And you and Yamato will solve it?
Miyako: I am the Great Detective Miyako.
Miyako: And I know the culprit must be hiding in here!
Yamato: Trust me, he didn't flee into my pants!
Kazuko: Tamashiro-san and Shinjo-san run the place, and they feel like they owe a lot to Grandpa.
Momoyo: So they're practically begging us to come hang out. It'd be rude not to go.
Chris: I still do not feel comfortable with paying nothing.
Momoyo: Don't worry about it. Gramps said he'd take care of everything.
Miyako: The principal will be accompanying us? That's a disappointment.
Momoyo: He's so busy, he'll only be there for a day in the middle.
Momoyo: The plan's for us to be there from the 10th through the 13th.
Takuya: Nice, that's right before Obon. I guess I have no complaints.
Gakuto: Yeah, and I have no dates scheduled for those dates.
Chris: Oh? You usually do have dates? I am impressed, Gakuto.
Miyako: Chris, you really need to stop being so trusting.
Miyako: Well, whatever. I think I'd rather just sit back and laugh at her.
Kazuko: Okay. Everyone who's coming to Okinawa, come next to me!
*Everyone rushed up close to her.*
Kazuko: Wawawawa!
Momoyo: Hahaha, so everyone's going. This is gonna be a crazy trip.
Yamato: (A trip to Okinawa's a big event. I can't waste this opportunity.)
Yamato: (I'll get even closer to Nee-san.)
*This would be the main event of the summer.*
*The cries of the cicadas had finally started to echo across the city.*
*At this time of year, Kawakami Academy played host to a very special summer event...*
Momoyo: The school swimsuit festival! Tell me I'm right, lil' bro!
Momoyo: Yahoo! Yahoo!
Yamato: Stop it. You're making me blush.
*Since the 3-F girls had gym right after lunch, they were already hanging out at the side of the pool.*
*There were no end of people here to take a look.*
Momoyo: What a view. Gramps, you old pervert, you really know what parts of old-fashioned culture are worth keeping.
Momoyo: This is awesome. I could watch my classmates all day.
Momoyo: Still, it's not like you to peep so openly.
Yamato: There's one girl here I never want to forget.
Momoyo: Heheh. You're the same as the rest of them, loverboy.
Ikurou: When I see a school swimsuit, I feel like nothing can stop me.
Gakuto: Yeah. It's the superpower only school swimsuits and bloomers have.
Touma: My oh my, but this is quite the crowd here at the pool.
Aoi's Fan 1: Oh, it's Touma-kun!
*The girls in swimsuits started crowding around Aoi Touma.*
Touma: My, but what a view. Summer has truly begun this day.
Takuya: They're like fish lured by the bait.
Ikurou: Back up -- Moro, you're here, too?
Gakuto: Tch, why is it always Class S? I'm sick of them!
Yamato: ...Well, I guess I am here to watch, same as them.
Yamato: But I'm only here to see you, Nee-san!
Momoyo: Where'd that come from, lil' bro? (She flicked my forehead.)
Yamato: Ow!
Momoyo: Heheh. Well, do what you want.
Momoyo: You're my bro, which means you get to watch for free.
*She shamelessly struck a pose right in front of me.*
Yamato: Whoa. Y-You're really okay with this.
Momoyo: Yeah, I'm feeling generous today. I've got a challenger coming to the temple tonight.
Momoyo: He's supposed to be the strongest man in all of Australia.
Yamato: It's like you're on a world tour...
*--After school.*
Mayo: All right, it is time to embark on our mission of peace to Class S.
Mayo: Our mission is to fix the strained relationship between our classes.
Mitsuru: Wow, I'm starting to feel nervous myself. *om nom nom* This pizza bun is incredible.
Tadakatsu: You comin' with, Kumagai? Didn't see that comin'.
Mitsuru: All I want is for us to get along peacefully.
Tadakatsu: I ain't expectin' much, but... Well, it's your call.
Chika: I so agree. And like, do we even need to get along with Class S?
Mayo: Don't say that. We're in the same school, so we should take this opportunity to be friends.
Chika: Well, if it really matters to you...
Suguru: ...What gives you any certainty they will welcome us with open arms?
Mayo: Naoe-chan said that since everyone is in high spirits now that tests are over, it would be good timing for reconciliation talks.
Chika: Really?
Yamato: I'm saying the odds aren't zero, not that they're good.
Chika: Mmm... I'm just so nervous about this.
Yamato: Let's give them an escort. Wanko, tag along.
Kazuko: 'Kay! All right, I'm your girl!
*She started shadowboxing, her clothes snapping with every punch.*
Yamato: You'll want your point-of-contact to be Aoi Touma or Inoue Jun.
Yamato: Otherwise, your odds are going straight back to zero.
Mayo: Yes, I will make sure to do so!
Chris: Yamato, would it not be ideal for you to go in person?
Yamato: I'm pretty sure none of them like me very much.
*Besides, I wasn't that interested in the interclass fighting.*
*All my focus was concentrated on self-improvement.*
Haguro: So, what exactly do you want us to do once we kiss and make up?
Mayo: I was hoping maybe we could have an evening get-together.
Mitsuru: Well, it would mostly be an opportunity to enjoy the cooler hours of the day and eat some snacks.
Mitsuru: The best way to make friends is to eat with them!
Haguro: So, like, a mixer? You mind if I treat it like one?
Chika: You so need to not latch onto that, Haguro.
Mayo: Okay, wish us luck!
Yamato: Well, with Aoi Touma there, I'm sure things will work out.
*2-S.*
Touma: You came, just as we discussed. Welcome!
Mayo: H-Hello.
Jun: Right this way, mademoiselle.
Jun: I know most of the guys here are bookish, and it's a bit of a mess, but come! Come!
Kokoro: What is the meaning of this? You would bring members of 2-F into our midst?!
Jun: They're here to make peace. You'll be sorry if you do anything to them.
Kokoro: Peace? With 2-F? What makes you think we want peace?
Hideo: We too were unaware of these efforts...
Kazuko: Hello.
Hideo: Yet if Kazuko-dono is a part of this, then let it pass! Mwahahaha!
Touma: So please, put yourselves at ease.
Mayo: O-Okay.
Mitsuru: But... Everyone's staring at us.
Kazuko: Kuma-chan, you can relax.
Kazuko: If they try anything, I'll make them pay. Wha-chah!
Kokoro: Hohoho. Listen to the wild dog bark away, as if she thinks she's human.
Kazuko: Mmph!
Mayo: D-Don't fight, Wanko-chan.
Kazuko: ...I know. If I snap and start a fight... *tremble*
Kazuko: Yamato and Miyako won't let me make it home alive... Awawa.
Touma: Hideo, would you kindly sign this as the plenipotentiary representative of our class?
Hideo: Oh, you seek Our signature? Well, then We must examine the document.
Hideo: ...Hmm. Eternal peace between Class F and Class S?
2-S Student: Eternal peace with us? Let's slow down a second. Are you saying you want us to treat those Class F punks as equals?
Jun: 2-F's Class Rep comes here on a mission of peace, and this is how you treat her? This is how you'd treat a little girl?!
2-S Student: Look, Inoue-kun, don't take it so personally.
Hideo: You seek more amicable relations?
Mayo: Yes. Let's stop meaninglessly tearing at each other!
Touma: I concur. I see no true need for us to be so hostile.
Koyuki: Touma's for it, so me too!
Hideo: What is this evening event?
Mitsuru: It's a tea party.
Mitsuru: If we all share in the food together, I'm sure it will taste even better.
2-S Student: ...I'm not so sure we'd enjoy it.
2-S Student: Not when we've had so many delicacies you can only dream of.
Hideo: That is enough, you insolent commoner.
Kokoro: No, Kuki! He speaks for Class S.
Kokoro: We are happy for peace! Yet for that to happen, one line must be added to this accord!
Mayo: And... What would that be?
Kokoro: That Class F acknowledges their inferiority to Class S.
2-S Student: Hahaha, nice. Then they'll know their place.
*A wave of laughter swept through those watching the two delegations.*
Touma: My oh my, you all seem rather inflamed. In other matters, we have always been able to form a common consensus.
Jun: Yeah, but there's no need to worry. We can still sign it.
Hideo: Indeed, We do not object to placing Our name upon it.
2-S Student: Huh?
Hideo: We your plenipotentiary have thusly decided, and Our will is the will of the Universe. You. Will. Obey.
2-S Student: ...Fine.
Hideo: And so We see there are other ways to unite the class. Mwahaha.
Kazuko: Wow, amazing.
Hideo: I-Indeed, Kazuko-dono, We were amazing!
Kazuko: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to sidetrack you. Go on, go on.
Hideo: As many of our number do not yet embrace the text of this document in their hearts, perhaps Our signature carries no weight.
Mayo: Even so, if this leads to more opportunities for our classes to interact, I think that can lead to a true understanding.
Touma: ...Quite so. I could not agree more.
Jun: Nice going, Class Rep! That was fantastic.
2-S Student: Well... If Kuki-kun's made up his mind, I'll go along with it.
2-S Student: But you must be loving this, Amakasu.
Mayo: Huh?
2-S Student: Hoping to catch someone's eye, you little gold digger?
2-S Student: Everyone knows your family's broke, haha, but becoming a slut? Really?
Kazuko: THAT'S ENOUGH! HIYA!
2-S Student: Ah--bah--I--!!!
*Kazuko's kick had blasted the Class S student through the door.*
*He lay on the ground in the hallway, splintered wood all around him.*
Kazuko: I won't stand back and watch you insult my friend!
Kokoro: You laid your hands on him! Is that what you barbarians consider proper?!
Kazuko: Your classmate's attacking him too.
Jun: Raahh! How dare you say that to her?!
2-S Student: Gwoh!
*Inoue Jun had started punching him while he was down.*
Touma: Goodness me. Jun, you must calm down.
Kokoro: Is this your idea of eternal peace? I knew this was a waste of time!
Kokoro: You barbarians need to be taught some manners.
Kazuko: You people are completely twisted!
*Both stood ready to fight.*
Mayo: Please stop!
*Silence fell over the room.*
Mayo: Why? Why can't we understand each other?
Mayo: All I want is for us to get along...
Mayo: I can't take seeing you like this!
Kyojin: Hey, what's all the fuss about? C'mon, let's break it up.
Kokoro: After what you did, Kawakami, you are not going back in one piece!
Kyojin: C'mon. I said, break it up.
Kokoro: Be quiet, you worthless wretch of a teacher. This is none of your business!
Kyojin: Whoa, you really think I'm worthless?
Kyojin: I... I don't think I'm gonna take that sittin' down.
Kokoro: Hmm? Did you say something, lower-class scum?
Kyojin: Learn to show your elders some damn respect, you self-absorbed bitch.
Kokoro: Eeek?!
Kyojin: Just kidding. C'mon, let's all cool our heads.
Tesshin: I've been listening to every word you've said, students!
Kazuko: Grandpa?!
Tesshin: ...It is a terribly sad thing to see you unable to get along.
Tesshin: But even if talk can not bring that level of understanding, Amakasu, there are other ways. One would be competition.
Mayo: Competition...?
Tesshin: Yes. I believe both sides would be wise to stand down for now.
Tesshin: And in two days, on Wednesday, I will offer a sublime plan.
Jun: I'm getting another bad feeling about this...
Tesshin: You will all rejoice when you hear it! So please, look forward to Wednesday!
Kyojin: Principal, do you think it's time for *that*?
Hideo: ...Hmm. Perhaps competition would be ideal.
Hideo: We Ourselves have long supposed that respect between our classes can only follow from recognition of the other class's abilities.
Hideo: For peace to be achieved, there must be war. There is amusement in that.
Mayo: Is that really how it has to be...?
*In the end, the two classes remained at each other's throats.*
*In other news, Momoyo defeated the Australian challenger, Kanga Roo, in 28 seconds flat.*
*--The day of the exam results!*
Miyako: Okay, the exam results are up in the hallway.
Yamato: Yeah, let's go see!
Kazuko: Yeah, you do that...
Yamato: Huh? You aren't going to come join us, Kazuko?
Miyako: You might've made it into the top 50.
Kazuko: Argh! I think you're being mean to me!
*Wanko stomped her feet in frustration.*
Shouichi: You need to get some more training in, Wanko. Tell her, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Who even cares!
Miyako: You should care, if you don't want to spend time in remedial lessons.
Gakuto: Ugh. I'll be fine. Probably. Likely. ...It's possible!
Shouichi: I don't even care about remedial lessons, because I'll skip them anyways!
Yamato: So you're getting yourself expelled?
Chris: You said they would be posted in the hall? Then let us go see.
*How did I do...*
SE78
*1st: Aoi Touma. 2nd: Kuki Hideo. 3rd: Naoe Yamato.*
Yamato: Sweet! That's pretty solid!
*The top three names were written extra large.*
Mayo: Ooh, I was sixth. I'll have to work harder next time.
Miyako: 31st? Hmm, that's not too bad.
Chris: ...Incredible, Yamato.
Yamato: Change your mind about me, Chris?
Chris: Yes... Third in the entire year -- well done!
*She gazed at me, her eyes full of admiration.*
Miyako: You did try a lot harder than normal.
Momoyo: It's lively out here. Are the exam results up?
Yamato: Nee-san, look.
Momoyo: Hmm?
Momoyo: Wow, that's a lot higher than normal. Top three, eh?
Momoyo: Heheh. Nice going, lil' bro!
*She threw an arm around my shoulder.*
Yamato: ...I'm just getting started! There's still two more people to surpass.
Momoyo: Yeah. I can't wait to see you do it.
Momoyo: (He's promising, but more than that, he's so cute. Heheheh.)
*I'd definitely left a good impression on her with that.*
Yamato: Eleventh, huh? Hmm...
*That was about how I usually did.*
*I'd hoped for something a bit more eye-catching.*
Chris: Yamato, it is no surprise to see you near the top of the chart.
Yamato: Thanks, but there's still so far to go.
Miyako: 31st. Hm... I did decently.
Chris: You two are so smart.
Miyako: We're a killer couple. *squeeze*
Yamato: Could you not hug my arm?
Momoyo: Oh, it's lively out here. Are the exam results up?
Momoyo: ...Wow. Yamato, you did a bit better, too?
Yamato: Slightly, yes. But I'll do better next time!
Momoyo: Then I guess I have something to look forward to.
*I'd hoped for something more impactful.*
Chris: Nevertheless, I see many from Class S in the standings.
Miyako: Count them, and it's hard to deny they've taken over the list.
*She was right. Out of the top thirty, twenty-five were from Class S.*
*Of course, any members of Class S who couldn't maintain a position in the top 50 would be summarily dropped from the class.*
*Which would leave an opening for some other top scorer to enter, but...*
Yamato: ...Every member of Class S managed to make it up there.
Miyako: I wish we could deflate that pride of theirs, but they have the skills to back that up.
Yamato: Yeah, none of them has ever failed to make the top 50.
Yamato: Wait, I think somebody's missing!
*I couldn't find the name of one member of Class S.*
*Which meant they'd be forced to leave Class S.*
*Leaving one seat open...*
*No one was forced into Class S.*
*Those who were more interested in finding a job, like Class Rep, had never expressed any desire to join.*
*I'd been the same way, just a few weeks ago... But not anymore.*
Class B Student: H-Hey, it's the 2-S guys!
Class C Student: We gotta make way!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Once more, second place is Ours.
Hideo: Oh Touma, dear friend, you are one obstacle We cannot quite overcome.
Touma: I myself am impressed you did as well as you did, given everything else occupying your time.
Jun: Seventh, huh? Well, that's about right.
Touma: 26th, Yuki? You fell quite a bit.
Koyuki: I'm always bouncing around there.
Kokoro: Hmm, 13th? Well, it was not as if I took this terribly seriously.
Azumi: How'd I do... 30th. That is quite all right
Class B Student: *gulp* Those Class S guys are monsters.
Class C Student: Yeah. My confidence is shot.
Hideo: ...As We feared, Nakamura's name is absent.
Touma: I could not find him either. He must have suspected the same. I can think of no other reason for his absence today.
Koyuki: What's gonna happen to Nakamura?
Touma: He'll be kicked out of Class S. He simply wasn't up to par.
Koyuki: Oh, but he was so funny!
Jun: Yeah, he was. He loved comedy.
Hideo: ...So he was unable to keep up. He did seem to be struggling.
Touma: Perhaps he was going through a slump, as it were, his mind buckling under the pressure of competition.
Azumi: That's a real shame.
Yamato: (The advanced class really is strict.)
Yamato: (But that's why I want to be there, so I can improve myself!)
*Gathered here were the representatives from Classes 2-F and 2-S.*
Tesshin: Thank you all for coming... and in no small numbers.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Pray tell Us the manner of competition.
Kokoro: I would be open to settling this here and now.
Koyuki: Kaboom, kapow, kerslam!
Kazuko: Bring it on!
Chris: If you seek battle, we will oblige.
Miyako: ...Yeah.
Yamato: Now, now. (I'm glad I brought these three.)
*They could more than handle any sudden threats.*
Tesshin: A full-fledged battle is just the thing you need. To that end, I've prepared the greatest battlefield available.
Tesshin: Let the Kawakami War begin!
Yamato: The what?
Tesshin: The Kawakami War is the greatest and most massive form of competition we have.
Jun: What sort of sport is it, exactly?
Tesshin: It is no sport -- it is war.
Tesshin: You will square off in the Tanzawa Mountains as F Army and S Army.
Tesshin: --And at the signal, you will fight to claim the enemy general's head. It is as simple as that.
Hideo: The general... That would be the class representative, We presume?
Tesshin: Exactly.
Yamato: Is that all?
Tesshin: That is all there is.
Tesshin: Well, there are a few more detailed rules... Now then.
Tesshin: 1. Sharp blades are banned. You will fight with replicas, or by hitting with the back of the blade.
Tesshin: Guns and explosives are banned. I do not think I need to explain why. Arrows are permitted, provided their tips are blunted.
Tesshin: 2. Interrogating or torturing enemy captives is strictly forbidden.
Tesshin: 3. Any number of persons within the school may be recruited to join your army.
Tesshin: 4. However, you may only recruit up to fifty individuals not associated with the school.
Tesshin: Those are the only four rules.
Touma: No, there were five.
Tesshin: Oh, whoops. Were there now?
Yamato: This means... The event's going to include the whole school?
Tesshin: Exactly. Lure those from other classes to your side.
Tesshin: Ultimately, this will be a war that pits one half of the Academy against the other.
Tesshin: Your skills as politicians aiming to get others to enlist will also be tested, just as in a true war.
Tesshin: It will take place on August 31st, so prepare now!
Mayo: I-I can't believe it... How can you ask us to have such a big fight?
Tesshin: Not a fight, but a pure and honest competition.
Tesshin: When it is over, I believe everyone involved will come to understand each other.
Mayo: I-I see... And then there won't be any more fighting?!
Yamato: (I wouldn't go that far, but...)
Kazuko: (This is our chance to fight them.)
Kokoro: (What an opportunity. I will enjoy legally bashing their heads in.)
Azumi: (I'm not gonna be bored, that's for sure.)
Hideo: ...Intriguing. We accept!
Mayo: ...Everyone, are you sure this is what you want?
Yamato: Hell yes!
*We all nodded.*
Tesshin: Then henceforth, all fighting between your classes will be strictly forbidden. That includes sneak attacks, of course.
Tesshin: For on August 31st, you are free to unleash your rage!
*Our foes were the elites, masters of academics and combat both.*
*While us, we were the good-for-nothings.*
*Thus opened the curtains on the full-scale war between 2-F and 2-S.*
*News of the commencement of the Kawakami War had already spread throughout the school.*
*And neither camp wasted any time in starting up the recruitment game.*
*The question was, how best to get our fellow students on our side?*
Chika: We're 2-F. Please fight with us in the War.
Kazuko: Please please please!
*Our class had spent yesterday making fliers to hand out today.*
*The goal was to bring in others with a grudge against 2-S.*
Chika: We are so going to beat those stuck-up jerks!
Haguro: I totally can't stand them! I'll fuck 'em to death!
*Our class had come together under the banner of wiping the floor with 2-S.*
Yukie: I cannot believe the scale of this.
Yamato: Yeah. It's already the talk of the school.
Yamato: You'll be joining the F Army, right?
Yukie: Yes, if you'll have me! You won't be disappointed!
Matsukaze: Yo, you gonna get to see me be a true war horse gallopin' into battle.
*She would be a powerful ally, I was sure.*
Yamato: (Nevertheless, I don't think I'm taking this as seriously as I should.)
*After all, we had Nee-san on our side.*
*So how could we lose in a melee?*
Yamato: Nee-san, I assume you'll be our ace?
Momoyo: Oh, about that...
Momoyo: NOPE!
Yamato: What?
Momoyo: The truth is, Aoi Touma came to the Kawakami Temple yesterday.
Momoyo: He asked me to join the S Army.
Yamato: So you turned him down, right?
Momoyo: Nah, I said I'd do it. So you see, I'm with the S Army.
Yamato: You're what?!
Yamato: Why would you turn traitor on us?!
Momoyo: ...Heh heh heh. Life's been boring lately.
Momoyo: That Australian barely even put up a fight.
Momoyo: So there I was, worrying there were no more fun fights to be had, when he walks in the door!
Momoyo: Then he came in, like an angel from on high, and said 'Wouldn't you enjoy a fight against your friends?'
Yamato: A fight against us? Nee-san, you wouldn't...
Momoyo: Wanko, Chris, Miyako, Mayu-Mayu.
Momoyo: Going all-out against you four is gonna be fun.
Momoyo: Especially you, Mayu-Mayu. I can't wait to see what you have in store.
Yukie: Wh-Wh-Wha--
Yamato: You turned on us, just for that? Freaking... I can't believe you.
Momoyo: I can't think of a more important reason, little bro. Heheheh. A girl's gotta have fun.
Yamato: (Dammit. I never saw this coming.)
Yamato: (If word about this gets out, everyone will start flowing towards S Army... I can't let that happen.)
Yamato: (.........Come on, think!)
Yamato: (Perhaps this terrible turn of events is actually a terrific opportunity in disguise.)
Momoyo: You can't convince me to change my mind, Yamato.
Momoyo: I gave him my word, so my honor as a warrior is on the line. Heheheh.
Yamato: That's fine, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Hmm? Well, now that's not what I expected to hear.
Yamato: We'll defeat Class S, and you with them.
Momoyo: --Heh.
Yamato: I'll take you down. My strategy will defeat you.
Momoyo: Hahaha! That's the spirit, Yamato! That's exactly what I wanna hear!
Momoyo: This will be fun! So show me the best you've got!
Yamato: Will do, because we're going to win.
Momoyo: Now I can't wait for the end of August. It can't come too soon!
Yamato: (This is my chance to prove my might, to prove I'm a man!)
Yamato: (If I'm to win Nee-san's heart, I'll have to win the Kawakami War first!)
*But to do that, I had to come up with a plan for how to deal with her first.*
*............*
Class B Student: Hey, guess what?! Kawakami Momoyo-senpai's siding with Class S! How can they lose?
Class C Student: Then the S Army has this in the bag.
Class D Student: Or so you'd think, but you should see the outsiders Naoe from the F Army's gotten to join his side.
Class D Student: He went down to the Kawakami Temple and signed up twenty of the best monks they've got.
Class D Student: Each and every one of them'll be in the F Army.
Class B Student: Twenty elite monks? Seriously?! Then who knows who'll win!
Class C Student: Who do we side with? I wanna bet on the winning horse.
*2-F.*
*I was busy sending texts every which way.*
Gakuto: Still, I can't believe Mono-senpai's turned against us.
Kazuko: I'm totally fine with that. It's even giving me chills.
Gakuto: But nice going, gettin' the Kawakami Temple monks to join our cause.
Yamato: They wanted to make Nee-san experience a loss so badly, to make her cry uncle, that they were begging to join.
Takuya: It looks like having 20 Kawakami Temple elites on our side is canceling out the negative press from Momo-senpai being in the S Army.
Yamato: That's a relief... But we still need more men.
Miyako: ...By the way, it appears everyone in the Archery Club besides me went for Class S.
Miyako: Since I almost never actually go to club, I had no way to stop them...
Yamato: Well, there's nothing we can do about that now.
Shouichi: I'm back! The whole Koppou Club says they're in.
Yamato: Fantastic. I'm heading off to gather recruits myself.
Yamato: Remember guys, our goal is to make our forces as large as possible.
*And so I set out to negotiate.*
Gakuto: The beacons are lit, Murakami-senpai. F Army calls for aid.
Murakami: Uh, the Swimming Club members already decided to join the S Army.
Murakami: I mean, they've got the money, the authority, and the power. Who wouldn't?
Gakuto: Nngh... Ugh. I-I'd let you touch my muscles.
Murakami: Wait -- seriously? E-Even your biceps?!
Gakuto: Whoa! You're creepin' me out! You'll pay for that in the War!
Murakami: That's my line! This is what I get for playing along with your joke!
Gakuto: (The going's rough, Yamato. The S Army has too many advantages over us.)
Yamato: Well? We need your strength. Won't you join us?
Sumo Club Member: Sure! I'd do anything for you, Naoe-kun! Besides, those Class S guys are full of themselves! The Sumo Club has your back.
Yamato: Thank you!
*With how 2-S always looked down on everyone else, they were sure to have lots of enemies.*
*Plus, many were jealous of either their innate talents or well-to-do families, if not both.*
*So I figured we could keep them at under double our army's strength.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: Heyya.
Chris: You are late. You said that you would come right away.
Yamato: I had meetings. There's a war going on.
Chris: Miyako and the others are still not here yet.
Chris: I have been waiting alone for nearly twenty minutes.
Yamato: Sorry, my bad. Did you get lonely?
Chris: Yamato...! Again you take that tone with me?!
Yamato: Well, why don't you read this? It'll calm you down.
Chris: Mm, that is a large stack of books. Wait, is that...
Yamato: It's NANYA, a shoujo manga.
Chris: Oh. A shoujo manga, you say? (She started flipping through it.)
Chris: H-How is this shoujo manga?!
*Chris stabbed her finger at the page, and I bent over to look.*
*A naked couple were embracing under the moonlight.*
Yamato: Yeah, that's normal nowadays.
Yamato: I'm going to recommend you read it.
Chris: And I am going to not read it.
Chris: This work seems beyond my capability to understand.
Yamato: You're sure? I think you might actually like it.
Chris: In the first place, look here. They are smoking in an explicitly non-smoking area.
Yamato: Wow, I can't believe the censors didn't pick up on that.
Yamato: I mean, a young girl might look at that and think the characters were cool.
*I put the manga on the bookshelf.*
Chris: That makes another huge addition to the stockpile.
Yamato: I figured we'd be spending a lot more time here during summer vacation.
Chris: Will our rival in the War, Momo-senpai, will be coming here today?
Yamato: She may be our enemy, but she's still our friend.
*Oh, I'd forgotten to text Nee-san.*
*I'd been trying to send her messages whenever I could find excuses to do so.*
*All this effort, day in and day out, was sure to bear fruit sooner or later.*
Chris: ...See? This page is no better!
*Chris had wound up continuing with the manga after all.*
Chris: Mmngh! Another indecent section! Wah! Wah!
*And was enjoying it.*
Yukie: Hello.
Cookie: Hey. You all look good today.
*Okay. Maybe I should start preparing for the experiment I had in mind...*
*............*
*The sun had fallen fairly low in the sky.*
Cookie: ...You're serious, aren't you?
Yamato: I want you on our side, as one of our outside fighters.
Shouichi: We're begging you, Cookie. Sure you'd be going up against your old master, but...
Cookie: I don't think I could say no to my Meister's best friend.
Cookie: You want to see what I can do? Okay. Let's get started.
Shouichi: Now this's gonna be sweet. Mayucchi, you ready?
Yukie: Yes. Simply say the word.
Shouichi: Cookie, transform.
Cookie: Haaahhh! Change: Cookie 2!
Cookie 2: ...This is my second form.
Shouichi: Cookie 2, you'll be going up against her.
Shouichi: Show us again just what you've got in store.
Yamato: (In truth, this is as much about seeing how strong Mayucchi is as it is about Cookie.)
Yamato: (She's still a complete mystery to me.)
Cookie 2: I am programmed to view Mayucchi as an ally.
Cookie 2: And I cannot turn my blade against a friend... Eh, whatever.
Cookie 2: I will temporarily overwrite her designation.
Shouichi: Uh, that seem too easy to anyone else?
Cookie 2: Apologies for the wait. Now I can swing my sword with abandon.
Cookie 2: Heheh. I cannot wait. It has been too long since I last transformed.
Yukie: I look forward to the fight.
Cookie 2: Heheh. Cut, slice, dice!
Yukie: Hutt!
Cookie 2: Mmngh! Beautiful... Your blade flows like water!
*Sparks flew from their swords.*
Cookie 2: Impressive, Mayucchi!
Yukie: You are very good too, Cookie.
Cookie 2: I know now your strength. To withhold my ultimate technique would simply be rude.
Shouichi: Uh, that sounds like overkill to me.
Cookie 2: Did you not seek to reconfirm my true strength?
Cookie 2: Then witness my Cookie Dynamic.
*Cookie Dynamic-- Actually, this is just a full-power overhead swing.*
Cookie 2: It shall be engraved upon your soul! Dark warrior, battle awaits us!
*Yet he had refined that technique so much that it was indeed like an ultimate technique.*
*--One year ago in Mexico City, Mexico.*
*Cookie 2 had traveled there for his combat test against Ricardo, the strongest man in the entire country.*
*He had a power they called 'the Eye of God' which gave him vision to see through and dodge any and all attacks.*
*But when Ricardo faced the Cookie Dynamic...*
*He didn't stand a chance.*
*As Ricardo fell, Cookie's creators smiled with relief. They had proof of their creation's might.*
*Ricardo said that none could hope to see through its moves.*
Cookie 2: Ultimate: Cookie Dynamic!
*It came at her with hellish speed...*
Yukie: ...Now!
*And Mayuzumi Yukie perfectly timed her dodge.*
Cookie 2: What?!
Yukie: Ye!
*She then landed a blow before Cookie 2 could fully recover.*
Yamato: ...That's the match, isn't it?
Shouichi: Yeah. Feels like it ended before it began, kinda.
Cookie 2: Impressively done, Mayucchi!
Cookie 2: You dodged my blade by a hair's breadth.
Yukie: That attack was incredible. If not for the earlier clash, you would have had me for sure.
Cookie 2: Ah. That first swing was all you required to grasp everything, even the length of my blade?
Cookie 2: She will be a tremendous asset, Meister.
Yamato: Mayucchi, you're that freaking powerful?
Yukie: Oh no no no. I'm not that good, really.
Yamato: I wish I had Chris or Miyako or Wanko here right about now...
*Chris was complaining her way through manga just downstairs, too.*
*Mmmngh. If only I had some idea as to her limits.*
Shouichi: You weren't half-bad either, Cookie. We'll be counting on you.
Cookie 2: And yet, I lost. The shame is unbearable.
Yamato: No no no. You'll be a key fighter for our side.
Cookie 2: Then in the Kawakami War, my blade will be yours.
*--And so we gained another valuable fighter.*
*............*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: With Momo-senpai turned against us, things in our camp are getting frantic.
Momoyo: You'd better be. I'm looking to have some fun.
Momoyo: If I don't get some violence soon, a fog's going to cloud over my mind, and I'll turn into a zombie.
Kazuko: I can't wait, Onee-sama. I've wanted to fight you so much.
Chris: I too have no objections. I must take this opportunity to spar you.
Miyako: Heh heh. Keep an eye on the sky. You never know when my arrows will come.
Yukie: I'm terrified to go up against you, but...
Matsukaze: You've just gotta do your best, girl!
Yukie: Yes, I know. All I can do is make sure I leave nothing on the table.
Gakuto: Well ain't the girls all itchin' for the fight.
Takuya: They're samurai girls. It's in their blood. I'm glad they're on our side.
Momoyo: Hahaha. August 31st is going to be a blast.
Momoyo: Well, I'll be on the other side, but that won't change things between us. It's not like I'm even bothering to show up at the S Army's boot camp.
Kazuko: And it happens to be your birthday.
Momoyo: The battle is the greatest gift I could ask for.
Yamato: (Mnn... She really is addicted to battle.)
Momoyo: Little bro, you're really fired up to beat me.
Yamato: Yeah. I'm looking to knock you off your perch.
Momoyo: You've learned to talk the talk. That's kinda nice.
Momoyo: But you have to walk the walk, too.
Momoyo: Right, that settles it. In the War, I'm coming after you first, Yamato.
Gakuto: Ahh... She's completely locked onto you, man.
Yamato: Which means she won't have eyes for anyone else!
Momoyo: Hahaha, you little!
Yamato: Nwah! Why'd you push me down?!
Momoyo: Oh, the bit of cockiness made me want to mess with you.
Yamato: The war hasn't started yet, Nee-san.
Momoyo: This has nothing to do with that. We're just two siblings fooling around.
Momoyo: Tickle tickle tickle!
Yamato: Ah, hahaha, hey, st-stop!
Gakuto: ...Hey, hey, hey. Can we really win like this?
Miyako: There they go again... And he was so cool for a second there, too.
Shouichi: Sure the F Army can win. Why? 'Cause you've got me.
Takuya: Where is your confidence coming from? Seriously, it's amazing.
*Even though Nee-san would be fighting us in the war, we were still friends.*
*The end-of-semester ceremony--*
*By now, most everyone had already picked a side.*
*Meaning the propaganda battle had mostly come to a close.*
*--F Army rally.*
*Nearly 400 people had gathered in the gym.*
*Meanwhile, the S Army was having their own rally out on the sports fields.*
Shouichi: Heck of a crowd. This's gotta be enough.
Miyako: I took a look at the field outside, and that was something else.
Takuya: I'd say they outnumber us 2 to 1. That's just a rough estimate, but...
Ikurou: They're twice us? S Army really knows how to recruit.
Suguru: Though a part of me is proud of how we did not let them more than double our numbers...
Suguru: Double them they have. This war will be hell.
Yamato: We're all amateurs at this. If we fight harder, we can overcome the gap.
Chika: Mayo, you're the general of this entire army.
Mayo: I-I didn't think things would get this big...
Gakuto: Is the pressure gettin' to you? I can't blame you, with this many people.
Mayo: ...No. I'll do what I can!
Gakuto: Wow...
Chika: Yes, yes! This is why I love you, Mayo.
Chris: Ahh... The thought of being in charge of the ceremony is nerve-racking.
Yamato: I've seen how good you are at projecting loudly and clearly. You can do this.
Chris: ...All right! Leave it to me!
Takuya: (Why are you flattering Chris?)
Yamato: (Because I think she's just the person we need.)
Chris: Attention! It is time for the F Army Rally.
Chris: First, I would like to introduce your General, Amakasu Mayo!
Mayo: Th-Thank you!
Chika: Stay strong, Mayo. I believe in you!
*Class Rep tottered up to the podium.*
Mayo: Wah!
*She tripped.*
Chika: M-Mayo, are you okay?
Mayo: Ohh, I'm fine. That was nothing.
Mayo: Umm, hello everyone. It's hard to believe that the strife between Class F and Class S has come to involve so many people.
Mayo: I'm terribly sorry you were all dragged into this.
Mayo: However, I don't think there's any other way that Class S will come to respect us.
Mayo: We have no choice but to take up arms.
Mayo: Let's give the S Army their last surprise!
Mayo: I'll do whatever I can to help us win!
Mayo: So know that we all have each other's back, pwease.
Mayo: Ah, I bit my tongue... Ahem.
Mayo: Please!
Mayo: And thank you!
F Army Fighter: Y-Yo, our general's pretty cute.
F Army Fighter 2: She's the kinda girl worth fighting for!
F Army Fighter 3: Sure, but... I'm worried. Can we really win?
F Army Fighter 4: Yeah. It's like, people are treating this like a game.
Chris: Next, we will introduce and appoint our tactician, Naoe Yamato of Class 2-F.
Yamato: Thank you.
Mayo: Naoe Yamato, we give you authority to command our troops and to act as tactician. Lead us to victory!
Yamato: Yes, ma'am. I will give my heart and soul to this position.
*Not a single member of 2-F objected.*
Yamato: Ladies and gentlemen, I will be your commander. All I ask is for you follow my orders.
Yamato: Until the end of August, you are free to remain friendly with those in the S Army, but be ready to fight them when the 31st comes.
F Army Fighter: Naoe from Class F? I get why he's tactician, but...
F Army Fighter 2: Can this guy really lead us?
Yamato: Now then, instead of an introductory speech...
Yamato: Miyako! Capt!
Miyako: Mn-hm. Now you, come over here. Yes you, the one recording this event.
Shouichi: C'mon. We know you've got a camera in your bag!
*They dragged two boys out from the crowd.*
Yamato: These two are S Army spies who thought they could sneak in here and record our rally unnoticed.
Spy 1: Ugh...
Spy 2: W-We're not...
*His words trailed off. He knew he was caught.*
Spy 1: But so what? Catching us doesn't change anything!
Spy 2: Yeah! Hurting us is forbidden, numbnuts!
Yamato: If there are any among you who think this War is just a game...
Yamato: Then go. No one will blame you.
Yamato: But I, for one, am here to fight. And when I fight, I fight to win!
Yamato: Let us give an offering to the god of victory.
Yamato: Miyako, execute the spies and hang their bodies from the gymnasium's walls.
Miyako: Mm. Yes, sir.
Spy 1: N-No way! You're breaking the rules!
Yamato: Am I? This is an F Army rally.
Yamato: Which means there should only be F Army members here. And I don't think there were any restrictions on what we could do to our own.
Spy 2: I-I'm S--Gah!
Spy 1: Wait! I'm not F Army, I'm--Gwah!
*She knocked the two unconscious, leaving them frothing at the mouths.*
Miyako: Execution complete.
*At that moment, one man came charging at me from out of the crowd.*
Assassin: Naoe Yamato, prepare to die!!!
*He came straight at me, bulldozing through anyone in his way.*
Gakuto: Whoa there!
*But Gakuto cut the would-be assassin off, slammed him aside.*
Assassin: Ugh!
Gakuto: C'mon! Fight me, you bastard!
Yamato: Treat him the same way we treated the spies.
*He dragged his unconscious body out of the gym.*
Yamato: Did you see that, everyone? That is how the S Army fights!
*Everyone raised their voices at once.*
F Army Fighter 31: Spies, and an assassin? Those dirty bastards!
F Army Fighter 39: What class was that asshole from, dammit?
F Army Fighter 48: Did you see Naoe up there? He took care of them like they were nothing.
F Army Fighter 66: This shit's serious. And I was worried it wasn't going to be fun.
Yamato: The S Army has two men for everyone one of ours.
Yamato: So they think they can toy with us and still win.
Yamato: They think we're that pathetic, that weak.
Yamato: So let's prove them wrong.
Yamato: Drunk on success, they think themselves kings! It's time for a revolution!
F Army Fighter 78: He's right. They insult us again and again and again!
F Army Fighter 99: Down with them! Down with them! Down with all of them!
*--Behind the gym.*
Gakuto: Here's the money, just like we promised. Thanks, man.
Assassin: All good. I'm always up for putting on a show.
Takuya: Since the spies were real, everyone was completely convinced you were a genuine assassin.
Assassin: Welp, the moving van's here, so I'm out.
Takuya: We shouldn't have to worry about loose lips, since he's moving away today.
Gakuto: Whoa, do you hear the cheers from the gym? They sound excited.
Suguru: Brothers and sisters, I am Oogushi Suguru, head of F Army's Information Division.
Suguru: All information will be conveyed to you via your phones.
Suguru: Use it to trample their army. Slaughter Fushikawa Kokoro. Grind her pride in her nobility into the dirt.
Suguru: Overthrow Aoi Touma. Bisexuals creep me out.
Suguru: Bring Kuki Hideo low. Trusts and monopolies must be busted.
Suguru: Strike down every one of them. Each of you has the potential to defeat four of those nonchalant fools!
Suguru: Thus, our forces are in fact twice as strong as theirs!
Suguru: This war must be everything to you! Only then, my brothers and sisters, can we win!
*Cheers rose from the crowd.*
Yamato: Good job warming them up... Capt, Chris.
Yamato: As a suggestion, I'd like some elite troops.
Yamato: A powerful squad that can do whatever I ask of them and would be our trump card...
Yamato: And a mighty raiding team free to attack targets of opportunity at will.
Chris: Elite corps, you say?
Shouichi: Raiders... I like the sound of that.
Yamato: So I'd like the two of you to each lead one of those squads.
Chris: Me? You would have me lead an elite cadre?
Yamato: From what I've seen, you are a natural leader.
Yamato: So I want each of you to pick twenty people each from this group of 400 that you think have the talent.
Yamato: Then, have them trained and ready by August 31st.
Chris: I see... That is a worthwhile challenge.
Shouichi: Sweet. No restrictions on who I choose, right?
Yamato: Yeah. Capt, I'll give you Gakuto to be your second-in-command.
Shouichi: Sure thing. Heck, there's no calling ourselves elite if he's left out.
Yamato: Mayucchi and Gen-san I need for some other things, so they're off-limits.
Chris: I see... Then would you mind if I restricted my unit to girls?
Yamato: You can do whatever you want, as long as they're strong.
Chris: This is truly the land of the samurai... I see many whose eyes bespeak warrior ancestors.
Chris: I believe I can find twenty deserving women in them.
Shouichi: Then my squad'll be the other way around, all guys.
Chris: What should we name the units?
Yamato: Can't that wait?
Chris: No, this is too important!
*Chris dug in her feet and refused to budge.*
Shouichi: How about Squad Gurren?
Yamato: Okay, that doesn't sound half-bad.
Chris: What say you to calling mine the White Pegasi?!
Yamato: Uh, that's a bit off to me. Also, aren't pegasi normally white anyways?
Chris: Oh... Then Yamato, have you any suggestions?
Yamato: Let's keep it simple... the White Forces.
Yamato: Then Capt's could be the Black Forces.
Shouichi: Yeah, I'm down with that. The Black Forces -- that just sounds strong.
Chris: It sounds feminine to me. And yet, hmm...
Yamato: Everyone will think it's cool. I guarantee it.
Chris: Truly? All right, then we go with that!
*And so they began choosing their members.*
*The Kawakami War was going to eat up a lot of my time, but this was my big chance to appeal to Nee-san as a man.*
* --Summer Vacation Begins!*
*I planned to work harder this summer than even the cicadas.*
*Every spare moment was spent improving myself, with most of that time spent on academics.*
*But there was so much I also had to do...*
Momoyo: That's most of the shopping for the Okinawa trip done.
*I had to find time to hang out with her, to advance our relationship.*
Yamato: Want to go to a cafe?
Momoyo: I'm out of money. I can't even buy Yocchan Squid.
Yamato: I've got a coupon for free drinks.
Momoyo: This is why I keep you around, lil' bro.
*Our frivolous, normal conversions were fun enough, but I wanted to win her heart.*
*I at least needed to make this conversation at the cafe romantic.*
Momoyo: I just love the peach juice here.
*If this were a video game, her friendship score for me would be maxed out.*
*That meant I needed to work on raising her love score for me.*
*What should our first topic of conversation be?*
Small talk
Entertainment
Studying
Food
Something dirty
Yamato: Man, it's been hot lately.
Momoyo: Yeah... There's almost no AC at the temple, too.
Yamato: Don't you have AC in your room?
Momoyo: Of course I do. Though Wanko said no for hers.
Yamato: Because she considers this part of her training? That's really good of her.
Momoyo: Hmm? Are you saying I'm not good?
Yamato: You're strong, but I don't know if I'd say 'good'.
Momoyo: Heheh, yes, yes. Never go easy on me.
Momoyo: Little brothers who kiss up to their sisters are the worst. That's what I'd expect from a pet.
*All right. Things were going decently well.*
Yamato: Have you played any games lately?
Momoyo: Believe it or not, I actually am. Including Creature Hunter.
Yamato: Huh? Seriously?
Momoyo: Look. I even soloed a G-class Deostra.
Yamato: Wow, that means you've made a lot of progress.
Momoyo: Hahaha. Amazing, right? I've been getting way better since the start of summer.
*I'd clearly made the right choice suggesting an action game to her.*
Yamato: Does anyone else at the Kawakami Temple play?
Momoyo: I play with Gramps. The assistant master doesn't like games, and Wanko, heh. I've long since passed her skill level.
Yamato: She is busy with training.
Momoyo: Hey, do you know any other fun games?
Yamato: Hmm, I'll look around for something. (Translation: I'll ask Moro.)
Momoyo: It's summer break. I don't just want sit around -- I want to play.
*Nice, she was really enjoying herself.*
Yamato: How goes studying? Slash, are you studying?
Momoyo: Ah, this peach juice is delicious.
Yamato: I've been working hard day after day.
Momoyo: That's... Great. Yeah. Great. (She sucked on an ice cube.)
Yamato: What do you think of my choice of topics? I think we're having a real nice conversation here.
Momoyo: Yeah. Nice. Sure.
Yamato: ...You don't care about studying?
Momoyo: I care about it as much I do the little decorations they put in boxed lunches.
*That really wasn't the attitude a student should take...*
*In the end, the conversation didn't go anywhere.*
*But oh well. There was always next time.*
Yamato: I'd love some chilled Chinese noodles right about now.
Momoyo: You're telling me. I'd go all the way to Nanahama for some.
Yamato: The stuff they sell at convenience stores aren't good enough?
Momoyo: Their broth is so thick...
Momoyo: And Wanko always yells at me when she catches me eating convenience store food.
Yamato: Yeah, Wanko always has something to say when it comes to nutritional balance.
Momoyo: She eats tons of meat, but makes sure to get her veggies too.
Momoyo: But if I can't have Chinese noodles, some good wet soba sounds nice too.
Momoyo: ...When it comes to food, my mind's full of ideas, but it makes my stomach feel like it's running on empty. Heheh.
*All right. Things were going decently well.*
*Nee-san had a dirty mind, so I decided to talk dirty to her.*
Yamato: You dig around for my stash whenever you come to my room, right?
Momoyo: Yeah, I've been looking for the kind of ones boys buy in the foolishness of youth, but I can't seem to find them.
Yamato: What about you? Do you buy any yourself?
Momoyo: I don't *buy* them, but I'll borrow others' and read them online.
Yamato: What sort of videos do you look for?
Momoyo: Heh heh heh. Stuff you might think of as pretty hardcore.
Yamato: How hardcore are we talking here? Something incredible?
Momoyo: ...It's just question after question from you with this stuff.
Momoyo: Don't you think it's pretty rude to start popping that kind of question at a beautiful girl?
Yamato: Hahaha. There you go again, calling yourself beautiful.
Momoyo: Hmph.
Yamato: (Whoops! Did that really piss her off?!)
*In the end, the conversation went nowhere...*
*Nngh. Stop. Don't be nervous, I told myself. There would be another chance.*
*I wanted to keep these good vibes flowing.*
*Next topic... I choose you!*
The global economy
A joke suddenly appears!
Kawakami itself
Our previous date
The Kazama Family's past
Yamato: Let's talk about the global economy.
Momoyo: About the what? Wait, was that a password to something?
Yamato: I wonder how the won is doing lately.
Momoyo: Who knows.
Yamato: ...Well this is boring.
Momoyo: Obviously? Did you expect me to be interested in that?
Yamato: But you'll be traveling the world someday, searching for people to challenge.
Yamato: Wouldn't you want to know the economic profile of the country you're in?
Momoyo: Nope, I only need to learn two things -- how to say 'let's fight' and 'I'd like it for free'.
Yamato: That second one... I mean, you can ask but it makes you sound like an outlaw!
Momoyo: Gramps told me that's how he did it. He'd work to pay back what he owed.
Yamato: That's wild.
Momoyo: Besides, given what happened last year, isn't economics kind of a downer anyways?
*...Mmm, that was the end of that conversation.*
*That was... decent? I'd have to do better next time.*
Yamato: Do you know old people's favorite amusement park?
Momoyo: The answer better not be 'Sixty-something Flags', for your sake.
Yamato: Mnngh... *cough*
Yamato: Uh, forget I said anything.
Momoyo: Heheh. Telling jokes can be a dangerous business.
Momoyo: What creature spies on others?
Yamato: Humans.
Momoyo: No, spiders! That wasn't cute of you at all.
Yamato: We both know you can do better than that.
Momoyo: I thought it'd go perfectly with yours.
Yamato: Well, at least you've got a knack for dad jokes.
*...Umm, this just wasn't working.*
*No sweat, just need to try harder next time.*
Yamato: Halloween's coming up soon.
Momoyo: That's not till fall... I wonder what I should wear this year?
Momoyo: What do you think I'd look good as?
Yamato: An ice queen, maybe?
Momoyo: Hmm, I could pull that off. The cold never bothered me anyway.
Momoyo: But I was hoping for something a little more vicious.
Yamato: Yeah, but you could shoot blizzards at your enemies.
Momoyo: There's gotta be something with a little more oomph.
Momoyo: ...What about Blackbeard the monster?
Yamato: You match the color, but I'm pretty sure he's a pirate, not a monster.
*We'd wound up shooting the breeze.*
*But it was fun, and that was what counted. I could do better next time.*
*It was good to have these things we could talk about.*
*I set the scene by bringing up our past date.*
*Now came the hard part...*
Yamato: The last time we were here, it was for Miyako's birthday party.
Momoyo: Miyako was pissed when she opened the present from Gakuto -- a collection of newborn insects.
Yamato: And then a bunch of them got loose in the shop... It was a good thing you were around.
Momoyo: Since I rushed and caught them all, yeah.
Momoyo: If not for me, the health inspector would've shut this whole place down.
Yamato: I guess you're right. Thanks.
*Talking about the past really lightened up the mood.*
*Had that raised her affection value for me? I wasn't sure. But fun was fun.*
*Things were going well.*
*What topic was next? It was time to step up my game!*
Small talk
Relationships within our group
Entertainment
Fashion
No talk, go for her hand
Yamato: I hope we a typhoon doesn't hit Okinawa while we're there.
Momoyo: There's a decent chance of it happening at this time of year...
Yamato: I'm sure the locals must be sick of typhoons.
Momoyo: I guess. But Shinjou-san went to Okinawa and had thoughts about it.
Momoyo: He said that you can see a typhoon coming so you can prepare, but you can't anticipate an earthquake.
Yamato: That makes sense... And apparently, typhoons are really nice during a drought.
*...We wound up talking about Okinawan weather.*
*Maybe I should've gone with a more exciting topic.*
*Well, this wasn't that bad. Lessons learned.*
Yamato: So when you and the other girls in the Family get together...
Momoyo: Oh, you mean when I gather my harem? We have a girl for every genre.
Yamato: Do you talk about romance?
Momoyo: Hmm? I guess we do, once in a blue moon.
Momoyo: We'll probably talk about it some more during our night in Okinawa.
Yamato: I assume the subject is Capt, or one of our other friends?
Momoyo: We talk about Capt, but it's usually about how we love his craziness.
Momoyo: A girls' pajama party... Feeling excited?
Yamato: It sounds equal parts fun and terrifying.
Momoyo: How about you guys? You gotta talk about sex, right?
Yamato: Well, we talk about love, too.
Momoyo: Really? This will be the season of love. Heheheh.
*Whoa, things were going fantastically. But I wouldn't stop now!*
Yamato: Come to think of it, do you watch primetime TV?
Momoyo: Yeah. There's this Sengoku period drama that I love.
Momoyo: But next year, they're switching back to the 19th century... Well, it could be worse.
Yamato: Don't you wish they'd do something on the Nanboku-chou period? I remember this old one with this amazing scene of Kamakura burning.
Momoyo: I think that's a bit too hardcore...
Momoyo: But I loved the characters in that one set during the Mongol invasion.
Yamato: I really wish some of the people who died in that had lived.
*...Mmm. All this talk about entertainment was making for a good conversation, but...*
*This wasn't going to make her love me... Eh, whatever. Next time!*
Yamato: You really like to look at clothes, don't you?
Momoyo: What sort of beautiful girl wouldn't?
Yamato: I do like the casual clothes you're wearing right now, but the cool stuff you wear in winter is awesome.
Momoyo: I'd buy so much more if I had the money.
Yamato: Well, when you can't even buy Yocchan Squid, that's out of the question.
Momoyo: There were so many clothes I wanted at the places we went today.
Momoyo: Mnn, and those rings too. I've been looking for some nice ones.
Yamato: If you made a list of everything you wanted, I bet the end result would be something amazing.
Momoyo: Hahaha. I keep dreaming bigger and bigger.
*Okay. Things had gone pretty well thus far.*
*Okay, next stage!*
Yamato: Nee-san... (I squeezed her hand.)
Momoyo: Hm? What? Do you want to arm wrestle?
Yamato: Wait -- that's not what I meant.
Momoyo: Okay. You don't want a handicap, right? You are a boy.
Momoyo: The loser has to treat the winner to a parfait. Three, two, one, go!
Yamato: I commit suicide! Okay, that means no winners and no losers!
Momoyo: Do you think you can trick me like that?!
*Maybe I'd moved too fast... We were back to our normal games.*
*Well, this was nice too, in its own way... I hoped.*
*This would be my final decision. I couldn't ruin the mood now.*
*Don't think, I told myself. Choose!: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
Talk about us
Talk about manga
Hold her hand
SE78
Yamato: We had a lot of fun in Nanahama the other day.
Momoyo: Yeah. The rain sucked, but that was nice.
Momoyo: I'm interested to see where you take me next.
Yamato: Okay, I'm down for that!
Yamato: What about Hyakkeijima? It's close, but we almost never go there.
Momoyo: Well, that beats Chiba's Mouse Kingdom.
Momoyo: After all, you'll bring a homemade lunch.
Yamato: No, that's your role.
Momoyo: Are you sure? Mine would have only white rice and raw vegetables.
Yamato: But I'd still love it, since it would be something you'd prepared for me.
Momoyo: Heh... Then maybe I will bring some stuff next time. Just veggies, though.
Yamato: Huh? I didn't expect you to offer anything.
Momoyo: It's fun and easy, being with you, so why not?
Momoyo: Heheh. This is fun too.
*H-Had I succeeded masterfully? It felt like I had.*
*Maybe I had a knack for this... I could try to find work as a host.*
Yamato: Are you reading the Weekly Shounen Jast magazines we have at the base?
Momoyo: Of course. I wanna see if there's anyone in there stronger than me.
Yamato: Please don't try to measure yourself against fictional characters.
Momoyo: Still, whenever I see a basketball manga, I keep comparing it to Scram Dunk. That must be rough on the authors.
Yamato: I know Gakuto loves that manga too.
*This didn't seem likely to raise her love score for me.*
*Our conversation ended with our usual friendly banter.*
*...But this wasn't a waste. I could take this as a lesson for next time.*
SE78
Yamato: Nevertheless...
Yamato: Your hands look so smooth, I can hardly believe you do martial arts.
*I casually took her hand.*
Momoyo: They used to look pretty nasty, but they don't get that bad anymore.
Momoyo: Your hands look like the kind of guy who's never done manual labor. They're pretty.
Yamato: ...Our fingers are about the same length, huh.
Momoyo: Yeah... You've grown too.
Yamato: I guess.
Momoyo: Okay, you've grown. (She continued to hold my hand.)
Yamato: (This feels perfect!)
*My prediction had been spot-on! And we'd even touched!*
Yamato: Come to think of it, it's rained the last two days.
Momoyo: Yeah. I hate how much it rains during the summer.
*Shoot. I'd turned the conversation towards plain old small talk.*
Momoyo: If I was going to move anywhere...
Momoyo: Hmm, well, I guess I like it here, in Kanto.
Yamato: Right? (Mngh. This wouldn't make her like me more.)
*In the end, I'd proven indecisive...*
*But I'd learned my lesson. I wouldn't make the same mistake twice.*
*Keep it up, I told myself, and you'll win her heart in no time.*
*I wondered how everyone else was spending their break...*
*............*
*Fukumoto Ikurou was at the arcade.*
Ikurou: Whoa, that chick's hot! She's worthy of being photographed.
Ikurou: She's completely focused on the dance game! Now's my chance!
*He nonchalantly took some pretty amazing photos.*
*And then, for a brief moment, her underwear barely slipped into view.*
Ikurou: Oh, you cutie... Heheh. I've seen your underwear...
Ikurou: And now, I'm getting hard.
*Ikurou headed into a bathroom stall.*
Ikurou: I'm thankful for this world, and for all the sexy stuff that's in it.
Ikurou: So I hope you won't mind if I fap to you!
*Countless eons had passed since he first awoke to male pleasure.*
*Eight times a day, he would go through this ritual worship -- and masturbation to -- the allure of the female form.*
*Not once had he failed to clear his quota.*
Ikurou: Whew, that felt good. I could go for a nice, cold coke.
*Ikurou could not imagine a more fulfilling life than his.*
*Oogushi Suguru is was in a debate.*
Suguru: Brother, I say to you that we must not balk before the trend of turning our heroes into hot women!
Jun: Hey, we're in a family restaurant. Keep your voice down.
Jun: When I went to talk to you, I had no idea you were this out of your mind.
Suguru: Rest assured that the conflict between our classes has nothing to do with my opposition to your view.
Jun: I'm not saying it does. But if we turn heroes into hot girls, then what's next?
Jun: Besides, it's an insult to the brave lives they led.
Suguru: Even in these strangest of scenarios, cuteness is justice.
Jun: But you know, I'm a big fan of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Jun: And I can't imagine anything more depressing than seeing Wu Anguo, Xing Daorong, and King Mulu turned into girls.
Suguru: Well, none such as those have had that treatment done to them.
Jun: Oh... Then I guess it's okay.
Suguru: Here is one example of a hero turned into a beautiful girl. Namely, the Wei general.
Wei general: Executing the 10-Sided Ambush.
Jun: Whoa, you didn't tell me there were lolis!
Jun: You should've started with this. Yeah, I'm completely on board with this now.
Suguru: Hahaha. Another has awoken to the wonder of Flatland!
*Suguru too could not imagine a more fulfilling life than his.*
*Summer in Japan. A summer of training.*
*I spent my days studying, and today was an optional school day.*
*I usually didn't attend those, but with the Kawakami War coming up, that changed everything.*
Momoyo: Yamato, I was asleep yesterday. Was the call anything important?
Yamato: Nah, not really. Don't worry about it.
Momoyo: Okay. Well, I should be awake today.
*Meanwhile, I continued to regularly keep in touch with Nee-san.*
*...I would succeed on both fronts. I had to.*
Shouichi: Yamato, here's the Black Forces. What do you think?
*Everyone in the unit was a strong fighter.*
*These were the brawny men Capt had placed under his command.*
Yamato: Amazing. Good work getting them all to follow you.
Shouichi: I just had to ask, 'Who wants to go do something awesome?!'
Gakuto: Happy birthday to me! Morning, Yamato.
Yamato: Happy birthday? But we celebrated your birthday yesterday at the Friday Meeting.
Gakuto: On my holy birthday, I come to school. This must be destiny. Heh-hem.
Shouichi: Dude, why're you checkin' the mirror so much?
Gakuto: If a girl suddenly hands me a present, I gotta look my best.
Yamato: ...Good luck with that.
Shouichi: Mind if we go start doing some independent training?
Yamato: Go ahead. I have big hopes for you guys.
Shouichi: You can count on us. I'll be taking out their big boss, just you wait.
Chris: Yamato, I would like to speak with you next. Please come to the rooftop.
Yamato: Oh, Gen-san. Thanks for everything.
Tadakatsu: Save me the pleasantries, dammit.
Tadakatsu: You stuck me with leadin' the bulk of the fuckin' army, way more then I signed up for. I shoulda quit on the fuckin' spot.
Yamato: Well, you're the man I can rely on the most.
Yamato: Is your second-in-command Wanko doing okay?
Tadakatsu: Yeah, she's lovin' being in charge of the shock troops. Maybe too much.
Chris: The White Forces are about to commence joint exercises with Minamoto Tadakatsu's brigade.
Chris: Dog and I will sit out, that we might see how the forces function as a unit.
Yamato: You're already doing live combat training?
Chris: Yes. We must get them in shape.
Chris: On the right are my ladies. To the left are Minamoto Tadakatsu's men.
*The White Forces numbered twenty. There were over one hundred in Gen-san's brigade.*
*The two sides charged at each other.*
*The White Forces stayed tight, driving through Gen-san's side like a wedge, splitting the unit in two.*
*Gen went to muster his men and regroup, but the White Forces never gave him the chance.*
*Every crack in their foe's formation was instantly and decisively punished.*
Yamato: ...I'm impressed. You've gotten them this good already.
Chris: I will spend the next month bringing out their full potential.
Chris: We will be your swords to direct as you see fit.
Yamato: ...Chris, you're really fired up.
Chris: I am the daughter of soldiers, and you have called me to war.
Chris: What else would I be but fired up? Victory will be ours!
Yamato: I'm glad we have you. Even people living in a pineapple under the sea would be taken with you.
*We headed down to the schoolyard to say words of thanks to the soldiers who'd fought in the exercise.*
Tadakatsu: Pathetic. How much you think we had them outnumbered by, eh?
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: I'm sorry, Commander... But the White Forces were something else.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: They moved as one, like a hydra with twenty heads...
Tadakatsu: If you're strong enough to whine, you're strong enough to train. Kazuko, get to it.
Kazuko: Okay everyone, let's run! We have to get ourselves in shape!
Chris: Your coordination was decent, yet you were slow on the about-face following the initial charge.
Chris: That will be the focus of today's training!
*Her ladies simply nodded.*
*Chris truly was a natural-born leader. I had high hopes for her unit.*
*The 2-F classroom.*
Chika: Oh, it's Mr. Tactician. Morning.
*Some of the girls were at work on our flag.*
*The plan was to fly it proudly over our base.*
Yamato: Make it big. It needs to be our symbol.
Mayo: Will do. If we're going to make a flag, it needs to be amazing.
Haguro: It has so been way too long since I've, like, worked together like this?
Chika: When everyone else is working so hard, we can't slack off either.
*Meanwhile, in a corner of the room...*
Takuya: It doesn't look like the S Army is training today either.
Suguru: They do not even give us the slightest credit? Inexcusable! Surely they know a cohesive force will trump individual talent in battle!
Takuya: So pretty much this whole class went for the S Army...
Suguru: There is one man there who is a true believer in 2D. I will convince him to supply us with information.
Takuya: A true believer in 2-D? Like someone who's sold their soul to it? That's... certainly out there.
Suguru: Oh Moro, how I pity you. You yet cling to the temptations of reality.
*They were gathering and analyzing information.*
*So, with everyone else was doing whatever they could for the cause...*
Yamato: I'm off to talk to Kobayakawa.
Yamato: Miyako, can you be my bodyguard? Just in case.
Miyako: Don't worry. I'll never leave your side, not even when you go to the bathroom.
*I pursued a few more underhanded tactics.*
*We had to be ready for the battle at month's end...*
*But first... our trip to Okinawa!*
*This was shaping up to be a fulfilling summer.*
*A four-day, three-night stay in Kumejima, Okinawa!*
*I was excited, but... Things were already starting out on a bad foot.*
Kazuko: Hey Capt! What's this button on the side of the seat do?
Shouichi: That's the emergency escape button. Push it and your seat will be ejected from the plane.
Kazuko: Wha! I'm never ever going near that!
Miyako: ...There's too many people packed together for me to relax.
Miyako: Is it just me or does the wing we see from the window look like its about to break apart?
Yamato: Stop with all the mumbling and grumbling, Miyako.
*The two of them, having never flown before, were complete wrecks.*
Gakuto: Hey there, Miss Flight Attendant. Can I have your business card?
Gakuto: ...Weird. No one will give me theirs. But I know they have them, because I saw them each give one to that comedian...
Takuya: That's because they're them, and we're us. They'd never give their cards to kids like--
Shouichi: Yo, yo, guess who just got a flight attendant's business card!
Takuya: And then there's Capt.
Gakuto: Throw it away, or I'll gobble you whole.
Takuya: Gakuto, those two women are looking at us!
Gakuto: Are they hot?! Presidents, prime ministers, none of that matters. Just tell me if they're hot!
Takuya: Well, they're sevens?
Woman 1: Hehe! They're an interesting pair.
Woman 2: Yeah. They look so unlike each other, but they seem so close.
Gakuto: Yay!
Takuya: (Stop striking a pose and sit down, you idiot.)
Woman 1: Yay.
Woman 2: Yahoo.
Gakuto: There's a chance! Are you prepared to lose your virginity, Moro?!
Takuya: Wow, there's actually people out there on the same wavelength as you. This might work?
Yukie: ...What do you suppose those two are doing?
Momoyo: They're being silly. That's the only reason anyone would keep sneaking glances at every pretty face when us beauties are sitting right here.
Shouichi: So when he's on vacation, I figure Gakuto's looking to hang out with girls more than the normal gang.
Chris: Now wait, that statement is peculiar. We too are girls.
Shouichi: Sure, technically, but you're friends. Friends are different.
Chris: Mm? Well yes, I suppose you are right, but...
Momoyo: When will Capt start thinking about girls? And what girl will make him that way?
Yamato: That's an interesting question.
Chris: Incidentally, how will we be rooming?
Momoyo: There's two rooms, so one for boys, one for girls.
Kazuko: Whooaa?! The cabin's shaking -- why's the cabin shaking?!
Yamato: Because we're taking off. Wanko, I want you to sit quietly until I say otherwise.
Kazuko: 'Kay.
Takuya: You have her perfectly trained... No wonder you were able to raise a colored chick into a full-grown chicken.
Yamato: The trick is to mostly use carrots, and occasionally bring out the whip. Kindness alone isn't enough.
*The airplane took off into the sky.*
Yamato: Wanko, it's all right now.
Kazuko: Mmm... I feel like my ears are ringing. Am I sick?
Shouichi: Yup. Soon, water'll start spilling out of your ears... You might even die!
Kazuko: Eeek!
Yamato: Please don't scare her. If she starts running in panic, I'm not catching her.
Miyako: ...Ooh.
Yamato: Hey Miyako, you all right?
Miyako: I feel a bit sick from all the shaking...
Shouichi: Want some medicine?
Miyako: Mm-mm... I'm fine. If I sit still, I'll feel better soon.
Miyako: I won't move an inch, so everyone, go ahead and talk.
Momoyo: I'll rub your back... There, how's that?
Miyako: Oh, I feel a bit better...
Momoyo: I'm adjusting the flow of your ki.
Yamato: Then why don't I pat your head?
Miyako: ...Ohh, this is serene... I'm in heaven.
Miyako: I'm sorry you all have to fuss over me.
Momoyo: Don't worry about it. It's your first time.
Yamato: Just rest easy.
Shouichi: Here. I got you some iced tea, if you're thirsty.
Chris: Do you need a blanket?
Yukie: What if she wants to sleep? Should we get an eye mask?
Kazuko: Miyako, fight on!
Miyako: Geez, you're all such busybodies.
Miyako: ...Thank you...
Yamato: Miyako won't be able to rest if we're all fussing over her.
Yukie: That is true. But if you need anything, don't hesitate to ask.
Miyako: Okay.
Chris: And of course, at a moment like this, Gakuto is off hitting on girls.
Miyako: Haha, that's fine. Please, do what you want.
Miyako: Except Yamato. Yamato is my nurse.
Yamato: Sure. That's what I want to do anyways.
Miyako: ...Umm... Go out with me?
Yamato: I would rather we stay friends.
Miyako: How can you say all that to me, only to slam the door? You meanie.
Yamato: Haha. Get some sleep.
Gakuto: Oh, you're in college? Where are you from?
Woman 1: Nanahama!
Gakuto: Wow, that's really close. We're from Kawakami!
*For once, Gakuto and a girl were actually hitting it off.*
*Maybe it would finally be springtime for him too.*
*So began our Okinawa trip.*
*--Hate-no-Hama Beach in Kumejima, Okinawa.*
Gakuto: She dumped me.
Yamato: Already?!
Shouichi: And here you were sayin' things were going pretty well.
Gakuto: You see...
Woman 1: Oh! Hey, aren't those two totally hot?
Woman 2: Oh my gosh, they look just like Harris and Stinson!
Takuya: Huh? Um...
Harris Look-alike: Ladies, want to come hang with us?
Stinson Look-alike: Let's go surf.
Woman 2: Yes!
Gakuto: Umm...
*...The two left.*
Takuya: So that's it?
Gakuto: Those dudes stole them from us! They think they're so hot, just because they're hot!
Yamato: I can only express my deepest condolences.
Gakuto: Is a pretty face all that a woman wants in a man?!
Yamato: I mean, can you blame them? I'd go gay for a Stinson look-alike.
Gakuto: Right now, they're ridin' a big wave. But that big wave isn't made out of water. IT'S MADE OUT OF DICK!
Yamato: Dude, just calm down.
Shouichi: Cheer up. There's more to a guy than just looks.
Gakuto: So says the hottest guy in the Family!
Takuya: ...Well anyways, that's the end of our summer.
Gakuto: We'll help you now, Yamato.
Yamato: ...Thanks. I'll be counting on you. Don't forget about about all the Okinawa limes and pork ribs I treated you to yesterday.
Shouichi: So basically, we need to split the other girls off partway through?
Yamato: Yeah. Give me some alone time with Nee-san.
Gakuto: Will do. But if everythin' goes well, I'll expect some pig's ear later.
Takuya: Oh, the girls are coming!
Kazuko: Wow, it's so nice out! This is great!
Gakuto: ...She's as developed as a deserted village. But eh, she's still cute.
Takuya: ...You're not wrong. But, I mean, it's Wanko.
Yamato: But she's strong and vibrant.
Chris: The sea is such a pretty cobalt blue.
Gakuto: She's more of a town, the type that would be considered a World Heritage Site.
Takuya: There's not that much there, but what is there is beautiful.
Yamato: I forget sometimes how high level the girls in our group are.
Yukie: Aww, I don't look funny in this swimsuit, do I?
Gakuto: Now she's a city. It's a shame she's younger than me.
Takuya: But from behind, her curves are just...
Yamato: Give her another couple years, and she might look incredible.
Miyako: Yamato, spread this slippery sunscreen all over my body?
Gakuto: Ah! A metropolis!
Takuya: Right? Those tracts of land are so narrow, yet she's done so much with them.
Yamato: You guys do remember the part where she attacks me with them every morning and evening, right?
Gakuto: Can I shake your hand?
Yamato: Sure... (We shook hands.)
Takuya: You never stop impressing me.
Yamato: Sure... (We shook hands.)
Momoyo: Heheheh. Bikinis and one-pieces as far as the eye can see. This is the life.
Gakuto: A megalopolis!
Takuya: Soaring skyscrapers... It's the biggest city in the world.
Yamato: Wow. Just... Wow, Nee-san.
Shouichi: Sweet! So let's grab the beach ball and start playing!
Momoyo: I'll eat shaved ice as we play, as a handicap.
*And so we began playing on the summer beach.*
*But as I enjoyed the fun and games, a thought crossed my mind.*
*After this, how could I bring myself closer to Nee-san?*
Shouichi: ...Okay, so let's all split up and do our own thing until the snorkeling tour at 4.
*...Now! I had to nail this. I knew the others had my back.*
Kazuko: I'm going to go swimming! Kuri, let's race!
Chris: Great! Do not underestimate my speed. I was raised in a port city, remember.
Shouichi: Lemme join in. There's no one faster than me.
Kazuko: Yay! You're always welcome! Okay, time for a three-way match!
Yukie: Don't you think this seashell's pretty, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Sure is. Yo, we gotta find some more to go with it.
Gakuto: What are you up to, Mayucchi?
Matsukaze: We're searchin' for some kickass seashells to send to Mayucchi's folks.
Yukie: M-My mother loves seashells, so...
Gakuto: That's interesting... Then let me help you.
Yukie: You would? Thank you so much!
Miyako: ...I can feel the pulse of Earth, of Gaia...
Takuya: Miyako... Why are you floating in the water?
Miyako: Can't you see? I'm being rocked by the the waves.
Miyako: And it feels so good... My body is one with the universe.
Takuya: That's pretty intense... Mind if I join you?
Yamato: (Okay. Good job splitting the party, guys. Thanks for the assist.)
Momoyo: Mmm, everyone's having fun doing what they like.
Yamato: We should do the same, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah, but what? I'm good on food.
Yamato: ...I still can't believe you played the entire volleyball game without spilling a drop.
Momoyo: You know, I wanna head out into the big blue sea.
Yamato: I was thinking the same thing.
Yamato: Get on the inflatable boat. I'll pull you.
Momoyo: Oh, that's a fun and elegant idea. I like it!
Yamato: Since I'm pulling, the boat's name is Yamato.
Momoyo: That's the second worst name you could give it after the Titanic, but good luck!
Yamato: Then let's go. (Everything's going according to plan!)
*Step one had to be getting the two of us alone.*
*That was why I would pull the boat into the open sea.*
*There was an uninhabited island nearby. That might make for a good destination.*
*Oh, whoops! If I get too tired to enjoy myself, it'd ruin the entire point. Better to keep things more natural!*
*Uh, but wouldn't deliberately trying to act natural be itself unnatural?*
Momoyo: *Splash!*
Yamato: Whoa! What're you doing?!
Momoyo: You had this grim look on your face, so I thought I'd tease you.
Momoyo: Worried about something? You can tell your big sister all about it.
Yamato: No, its nothing.
Momoyo: Talk! Don't try to hide things from me!
Yamato: Ugh! Not the submission hold!
*Armlocks hurt, but...*
*But she was touching so much of my body! That would keep me going!*
Gakuto: That bastard's sure enjoyin' himself... Dammit.
Momoyo: Teyah!
*She threw me into the water.*
Momoyo: Battleship Yamato, leave port! Time to boldly go where no woman has gone be--
Yamato: Whoa, we don't want to get sued. Let's just go!
*I swam towards the ocean, tugging the boat behind me.*
Momoyo: Heheh, this is comfy...
Momoyo: Blue sky, blue sea... Mnn, this calls for a song.
Momoyo: Girl on the beach, are you hidin' what I seek? Let's pull your pareo skirt and see A skimpy string bikini? How lucky can I be
Yamato: You're in a good mood, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah. It feels like all the clouds inside me have cleared.
Momoyo: And you're swimming pretty fast... Wait.
Momoyo: Umm, we can't see the beach anymore.
Yamato: Amazing, right? (I said casually while the swimming was killing me.)
Momoyo: How far do you plan on going?
Yamato: I'm taking us on a shortcut. Heheheh.
Momoyo: Y-You're like the 'nice guy' who offers to drive a girl home, only to try to get into her pants!
Yamato: Wow, I'm surprised you've heard of guys like that.
Momoyo: I know plenty about that stuff.
Momoyo: I'm pretty sure I told you this already, but I've borrowed plenty of those kind of books from my friends.
Yamato: ...And that makes you think you're an expert?
Momoyo: Hmm. So you're planning on doing something dirty to me.
Yamato: It's your fault for dressing like that.
Momoyo: I know, don't I look hot? I caught you staring earlier.
Momoyo: Next you'll say, 'Nee-san, it's your fault for tempting me!'
Yamato: ...Umm, I really don't think you should be making those kinds of jokes.
Momoyo: What, you're not going to assault me? Bor-ing.
Yamato: If I did... Brrr. I'm not looking to sleep with the fishes just yet.
Momoyo: You don't think ending up as shark food would make for a good punchline?
Yamato: What is this, Schoolastic Days?
Momoyo: The shore really is far...
Yamato: If a shark does come up, Nee-san, I'm counting on you.
Momoyo: I'll turn it into kamaboko. Ooh, I should've brought soy sauce.
Yamato: With you around, even pirates wouldn't cause me to worry.
Momoyo: If we do see a ship flying the Jolly Roger, we're the ones going on the attack.
Yamato: Attacking the pirates before they attack you... Awesome. Talk about turning the chessboard around.
Yamato: What about machine guns? You'd be under a lot of heavy fire.
Momoyo: You make it sound like dodging them is hard.
Yamato: For most people, it is.
Momoyo: Fighting some pirates might be nice. Could get interesting.
Yamato: ...You don't seem bored right now.
Momoyo: No, yeah, this is fun. Super Happy Momo's sitting right here.
Momoyo: Let me prove it to you! Flutter Kick!
Yamato: Whoaa! We're moving so much faster!
*Rocketing us further out into the open sea.*
Momoyo: But, you know, Yamato... Can I be real with you for a minute?
Yamato: What is it?
Momoyo: I'm feeling really open right now, and we're all alone, so I want to tell you something...
Yamato: Tell me.
Momoyo: Lately, it's like, I feel like I'm in a daze sometimes.
Yamato: And why's that?
Momoyo: Because none of the fights I'm having satisfy me.
Yamato: ...Oh. I was afraid of that.
Yamato: You never got into any of the games or books I recommended.
Momoyo:  I did have fun, and they were a good distraction. I appreciate that.
Momoyo: But, at the end of the day, I still feel empty without a fight.
Momoyo: It's not about improving my skills or myself.
Momoyo: The thrill of battle, it's... It's too much fun. I can't stop.
Momoyo: I've realized that's who I am, and it's something I can't change.
Momoyo: That's why I signed up for the other side in the Kawakami War. It's my chance to finally fight Mayu-Mayu and all the rest.
Yamato: I see.
Momoyo: Knowing that... Do you still want me?
Yamato: Eh?
Momoyo: This is the one thing about me I can never change.
Momoyo: Do you still want me, crazy quirks and all?
*I said...*
I didn't care
I want to help you control that impulse
SE78
Yamato: I don't mind.
Momoyo: Oh?
Yamato: ...A beautiful girl should have something that makes her unique.
Yamato: And heck, you have at least three quirks going for you.
Momoyo: ......
Yamato: I want to help you control that impulse, to help you feel better.
Momoyo: Well, I do appreciate that...
Momoyo: But some things just can't be changed.
Yamato: It's just... I'm worried about your heart.
Yamato: But if you can manage those urges, then that's fine.
Momoyo: What do you think I'm doing right now?
Momoyo: ...I talk big, but I don't know how much longer I'll last.
Yamato: Nee-san, what are you saying?!
Momoyo: ...Sorry I ruined the mood and all. Let's swim!
*Nee-san dove underwater.*
Yamato: ...?!
*Suddenly, I felt something yank at my swim trunks.*
Momoyo: Hahaha! Yay!
Yamato: What are you, seven?!
Momoyo: It's pretty underwater. Come on.
*She innocently dove underwater.*
*...So there was no curing her battle mania.*
*From the start, I'd only intended to weaken it, not to cure it.*
*But even that was no easy task.*
*...What could I do to satisfy her?*
*My every instinct still said she was unsteady, and so I wanted to explore that path.*
*Battling was fine and all, but battling was all she had.*
Momoyo: Ah! What're you doing? Get down here!
Yamato: ...Yeah!
*But for now, I should just have fun.*
*In the dead of night, in the hot spring...*
Gakuto: Ouch, my skin's completely burnt. I need cold water!
Yamato: I thought I told you to put on sunscreen.
Shouichi: Today was fun, but it was missing that last oomph.
Gakuto: Yeouch... If it's oomph you want, I've got just the thing.
Gakuto: This hot spring's shared by men and women. Currently it's the men's turn.
Gakuto: But, I flipped the sign at the entrance to say it's the women's time.
Takuya: Why would you do something that stupid? What if someone actually comes in?!
Gakuto: Then that would be a very sad accident. It's not my fault.
Yamato: And if you were caught on camera? Was there one there?
Gakuto: Nope, I made sure of that. Okinawans are really lax about those things.
Takuya: Well, it is really late. I guess no one's likely to come.
Gakuto: Exactly. But this way's a bit more thrill--
Momoyo: Ahh, we have it all to ourselves.
Chris: I doubt any others are whimsical enough to come bathe at this hour.
Gakuto: (Ugh -- they walked right on in?!)
Shouichi: (And that's Momo-senpai and Chris's voices. What do we do?)
*As the tactician, I ordered everyone to...: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
Hide
Remain calm
Parepare to bathe together
Yamato: (We have to hide. Stay calm and move steadily!)
Yamato: (Take your time! Take your time and think!)
Takuya: (I think hiding is our best option!)
Yamato: (Let's just go in there and make this a mixed bath.)
Shouichi: (They'd knock us out and drown our bodies in the water for sure. Let's retreat.)
Yamato: (Now, what should we do?)
Gakuto: (We're hiding, obviously. This way.)
Gakuto: There's a blind spot in the corner. We'll hide there, like ninjas.)
Shouichi: (Whoa, this is cramped. You want us all to cram in there?)
Takuya: (Ooh... I don't want to be so close to guys...)
Takuya: (When they walked through the changing room, why didn't they see our things and know we were already here?)
Yamato: (Because we used lockers, and we all shut our doors.)
*I glared at the locker key hanging from my arm.*
Gakuto: (Wait, won't they sense our auras?)
Yamato: (Let's be quiet and listen in.)
Momoyo: It's nice to drink with just you girls.
Chris: Yes, that was not the sort of conversation we could have had with boys around.
Chris: And we only drank a little, so everyone was able to head back safely and happily.
Yukie: So you say, Chris-san, but you look wobbly. I'm usually fine, but this time I might be a bit drunk as well.
Shouichi: (They started drinking in their rooms after we split up for the night?)
Yamato: (Everyone from Nee-san on down is too drunk to be fully attentive.)
Yamato: (If we don't make any sudden moves, they won't find us.)
Gakuto: (Tch. The damn steam's keepin' me from seeing anything!)
Yamato: (Are you stupid enough to peek? Stop. They'll find us!)
Gakuto: (Dammit, just kill me now... Ooh... *sniff*.)
Yamato: (Stop crying! Just enjoy listening to them!)
Kazuko: Dive into the bathtub!
Kazuko: I love how big this hot spring is! I can even swim!
Miyako: Whew... This is nice... And Mayucchi, you have such a nice body.
Yukie: Huh? Y-Y-You really think so?!
Miyako: Even Chris is jealous, given how she's looking at you.
Chris: N-No, that is not true in the slightest!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi's got dat thin waistline.
Miyako: Didn't you leave Matsukaze in the dressing room? You really are drunk, you naive little girl. Heh heh heh.
Yukie: *cough* I was just copying Matsukaze!
Yukie: However, I'm still nothing compared to Momo-senpai.
Chris: ...Yeah... Yours really are incredible. I envy you.
Momoyo: 'Momo' means 'peach', so I have to make sure I'm carrying a pair. Hahaha.
Gakuto: (Nngh! Just their voices are enough to stir my imagination!)
Takuya: (Hey, Gakuto! Cool it!)
Takuya: (I can feel you poking me down there!)
Gakuto: (My penis is a force of nature! I can't stop it now. Huff, huff.)
Chris: What is the secret behind making them so large and big?
Momoyo: Mine are all-natural, but there's artificial methods too.
Momoyo: Rubbing them, for instance. It's an old cliche, but it works.
Chris: Are you... certain?
Momoyo: Just leave it to me.
Chris: Wait! Momo-senpai?! St--!
Momoyo: It's a new night. Time for your first boob workout!
Momoyo: Step one is to grab a firm hold of your breasts and work those mounds.
Chris: Mm...
Momoyo: One, two, three, four!
Chris: Kh...! Ah...
Gakuto: (Argh, I'm gettin' harder. I need to find a hole to stick this in...)
Takuya: (How about you stop getting harder before I can't take anymore?!)
Yamato: (Wait, Moro. Just calm down. Stay strong!)
Yamato: (Gakuto, I want you to try imagining your mother naked.)
Gakuto: (Gaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!)
Takuya: (Oh, it went away. Thank goodness.)
Shouichi: (What'd you whisper to him?)
Yamato: (An instant death spell. The saving throw's impossible for most guys.)
*However, that was enough to get us through the night.*
*So ended the hectic third day.*
Shouichi: Hey, what're we doing back in the hot spring?
Takuya: Well, a typhoon hit.
Yamato: There might not be any flights out today, even though today's the day we were supposed to go back.
Shouichi: So we're here another night? Never thought we'd be doing this two days in a row.
Yamato: Yeah. Everyone's got plenty of reasons to be surprised.
Gakuto: As long as we're here, let's talk about girls.
Shouichi: That sounds boring. Let's talk about superhero movies instead!
Gakuto: Ignore him. If you were alone on a deserted island, who would you most like to be with?
Shouichi: ......You mean, assuming we can never return?
Gakuto: Yeah. In this scenario, the chance of returnin' home is zero.
Yamato: I'd pick Nee-san. Why wouldn't I pick the woman I'm chasing?
Gakuto: I'd pick, hmm... Ms. Ume, maybe? Like, while I could get all sorts of fruits on the island, hers would be the tastiest of all. Weh heh heh.
Takuya: Hmm, who to choose... Maybe Miyako?
Gakuto: Really?
Yamato: (For a while now, I suspected you had a thing for her...)
Takuya: I mean, you know. She's clever, so maybe she can figure out how to live in that kind of environment.
Takuya: Besides, her absolute desire to go home and see Yamato once more might drive her to build a raft.
Yamato: (Yeah, I'm pretty sure he likes Miyako...)
Gakuto: Okay, okay. What about you, Capt?
Shouichi: Me? So I really gotta pick just one?
Gakuto: Everyone else has. Give us your final answer!
Shouichi: Mmm, Yamato! Yeah, Yamato!
Gakuto: I'm goin' to step out of the bath now. Have fun.
Takuya: That's really considerate of you. I'll join you.
Yamato: Hey--Guys!
Shouichi: What's wrong with them? I don't get it.
Shouichi: Honestly, Yamato, I love you.
Yamato: (Huh? Did I make the wrong choice somewhere?)
Yamato: (When did I get stuck on Capt's route?)
Shouichi: But I love you as a friend.
Shouichi: I know some people make a whole joke outta saying 'no homo', but that never made sense to me.
Yamato: O-Oh... Okay!
Shouichi: I mean, you like me too, right?
Yamato: Y-Yeah. I mean, as a friend, sure I like you.
Shouichi: Right? Everyone calls me a kid, but Gakuto and people like him are way more childish than me.
Miyako: (I came to steal a glimpse of Yamato's naked body, especially a peek of his little guy...)
Miyako: (But this conversation is delicious. This is just... so...)
Miyako: (But if their relationship gets serious, they'll have hell to pay!)
Yamato: (Strange... Why do I have a sudden feeling of dread?)
*In the end, we weren't able to go home until the next day.*
*Despite the typhoon, the Okinawa trip ended on a high note.*
*Today was the second summer break school day.*
*There would be a grand event where we'd find out where we were going for the school trip.*
*--Morning assembly.*
Tesshin: Now then, today is the day you have all been waiting for...
Tesshin: The day we decide where we're going for the school trip! ...Please clap.
Ikurou: Awesome, Principal!
Gakuto: Overseas! Overseas! Overseas!
Tesshin: First, these are the four candidates determined by majority vote.
Tesshin: Canada!
Chika: Oh my gosh! It's the land of maple syrup!
Haguro: I so want to go to Canada and catch salmon!
Tesshin: Southeast China!
Chris: Then we would get to see the pandas? Yes, that would be nice.
Koyuki: That's the #1 country I want Jun to drink tap water in!
Jun: What's that supposed to mean, eh?!
Tesshin: Kyoto!
Kokoro: A standard destination for school trips. A refined choice.
Touma: I would simply love to have a gay old time in Kyoto.
Tesshin: Saitama!
Shouichi: That's close! Way too close! Who voted for that?
Suguru: ...Saitama would give me the opportunity to visit that anime mecca.
Tesshin: We will shoot an arrow to determine which of the four we will go to.
Tesshin: As you can see, the spinning target is perfectly fair.
Gakuto: Hey! No matter how you cut it, Saitama's area is way too big!
Jun: That isn't fair! That absolutely isn't fair!
Chris: Where, might I ask, is Sai-no-Kuni?
Yamato: It's a legendary country that lies far south of Japan. Everyone there eats nothing but cheeseburgers.
Chris: Oh? That would ruin my diet, yet color me intrigued!
Touma: I think this comes down to budget. Holding something as grand as a Kawakami War must be expensive, forcing us to settle for a more local destination.
Yamato: Yeah, so they're saving money by going with Saitama.
Tesshin: Now then, the blindfold. Good. Time to shoot.
Tesshin: All things in the universe, by my arrow, turn to ashes! Toh!
Kazuko: Please! Even if we have to stay domestic, please let it be Kyoto!
Kazuko: *peek*...
Kazuko: Wahh! It's Saitama after all!
Yamato: ...Good thing we took that trip to Okinawa.
Gakuto: You said it. Nothin' against Saitama, but that's no place to go on a school trip.
Yamato: By the way, where in Saitama are we going?
Tesshin: Honjo city, via the Shohoku-Shinjuku line!
Yamato: Why Honjo...?
*............*
Yamato: ...But enough about the trip. How's the brigade shaping up?
Tadakatsu: Kazuko's got 'em running out in the mountains right now, but...
Tadakatsu: At this point, they're almost decent.
Tadakatsu: If nothin' else, they can sure as hell run a marathon.
Yamato: I think that's a good thing. All good training starts off with running.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. And Kazuko's hard work means nobody's deserted.
Tadakatsu: I'm startin' to think we can pull this off. Numbers don't mean nothin' before the right strategy.
Yamato: Got it. You can leave the planning to me.
Tadakatsu: They got the damn Archery Club on their side. You got a way to deal with 'em?
Yamato: They are a concern, but trust me on this.
Tadakatsu: ...I know my way around a bow.
Tadakatsu: Push comes to shove, you use me as an archer.
Yamato: You, as an archer? That would be really reassuring.
Chris: We have returned from a training session at the beach.
Yamato: How are the White Forces shaping up?
Chris: See for yourself, as they move exactly per my command!
*With the slightest flourish of her fingers, Chris commanded the troops like a puppeteer would her marionette.*
*Her troops moved with incredible speed and precision to carry out their orders.*
Yamato: Wow, that was amazing... Good work accomplishing so much so quickly.
Chris: My father is a lieutenant general. What daughter of his would I be, were I unable to take command?
Chris: I assure you, a hundred could stand before us and we would scatter them.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm beginning to see how we win.
Yamato: I myself have some major negotiations to go to.
Chris: Meaning?
Yamato: (We're still not nearly prepared enough to handle Nee-san.)
Yamato: (She's better than an ace -- she's a joker. And the only thing that can stop a joker is another joker.)
Yamato: (By putting my connections to use, I've finally managed to make contact.)
Yamato: (I have to get them to assist us, whatever it takes.)
Yamato: (Plus, there's a second big event going on on the 31st besides the War. I have to prepare for that, too...)
Umeko: ...Chris's unit is splendid.
Tesshin: Yes, as she has been training them as a military squad.
Tesshin: And most of all, her leadership skills are through the roof.
Umeko: I knew she was good, but I never imagined she was this talented.
Tesshin: Momo is a hellfire warrior undefeated in solo combat, while Chris is a natural leader with perfect control over her troops.
Umeko: It must be the perfect role for someone as straightforward as her.
Tesshin: Indeed. I believe she will easily fall for traps, yet Naoe's support should cover for that.
Tesshin: Indeed, Ms. Kojima, you have some great students.
Umeko: They're a load of troublemakers as well, but I agree.
Tesshin: It won't be much longer now until the Kawakami War begins... I cannot wait.
Tesshin: Oh, would you take care of booking the hotel in Saitama?
Umeko: Good grief... You're more trouble than any of them.
*Today was finally the day of the Kawakami War.*
*We all took the first train to Tanzawa, the battlefield.*
*Each of us was dressed in unrestrictive clothing.*
Cookie 2: Still, you would lump me in with the other stuffed animal?
Cookie 2: Truly, when has there ever been a stuffed animal half as metallic as I?
Yamato: Stop talking. Do you want them to catch you?
Cookie 2: This is my first ride, and I'm quaking in my boots.
Cookie 2: I'm embarrassed to say it, but I am not particularly gutsy.
Momoyo: You don't even have a gut. Or boots.
*I'd gone through the effort of carrying Cookie all this way.*
Momoyo: Heheh. We're chatting right now, but we'll be at each other's throats in no time.
Momoyo: Show me a good time, guys.
Kazuko: We fight to win, Onee-sama!
Shouichi: I'll make you regret going against us.
Momoyo: Being cheerful's nice and all, but do you have any idea how badly you're outgunned?
Chris: --You number 900. We, 450.
Chris: A two-to-one margin, yet one we shall overcome!
Momoyo: Hahaha, that's what I want to hear. Shame you're wrong.
Momoyo: I'm worth a million men. You're up against a million.
Chris: Mmm, you would place yourself that highly?
Momoyo: So I'm just gonna wipe the floor with you.
Yamato: I'm sick of hearing you talk big, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm?
Yamato: The S Army will be losing to the F Army.
Momoyo: That doesn't seem likely, not when they have me on their side.
Yamato: And yet they will. Which means you will too.
Yamato: You are going to lose to me, Naoe Yamato.
Momoyo: --Ah, I want to teach you a lesson for that here and now.
Momoyo: But I have to wait... Just a bit longer now.
Momoyo: However, once I take you captive in the War... Heh heh heh.
*Nee-san twiddled her fingers mischievously.*
Yamato: We're going to win. The times are changing. Intelligence trumps raw power.
Momoyo: Wrong. Absolute power crushes everything before it.
*Sparks flew through the air as we progressed towards Tanzawa.*
*Most everyone had gathered here, at Tanzawa.*
*I went to join the rest of F Army at our camp.*
Umeko: Has anyone forgotten to sign their waiver?!
Umeko: Make sure to do so now!
*Ms. Ume was making one last check of the paperwork.*
Ikurou: Yo, Yamato, there's a ton of press here.
Yamato: Seriously?
Suguru: Look. Their live coverage has already begun.
Ikurou: Reporter Yukihiro? Shit, I can't get enough of her. Time to take some photos.
Reporter Yukihiro: Today, here in Tanzawa, these students are going to reenact the kinds of battles that were fought centuries ago.
Reporter Yukihiro: This event has clearly filled them with determination.
Reporter Yukihiro: Kawakami Tesshin, principal of Kawakami Academy, would you mind answering a few questions?
Tesshin: Hoho. It would be my pleasure.
Reporter Yukihiro: Many have complained about your use of combat to settle a dispute...
Tesshin: Oh, just think of this as a full-contact sport.
Tesshin: The weapons are all replicas, and I personally applied suction cups to the tips of every arrow. They won't pierce skin, just stick.
Reporter Yukihiro: But there are certain to be injuries, aren't there?
Tesshin: Those things happen when children play outdoors.
Tesshin: We teachers will make sure there isn't any excessive violence or lynchings. This won't turn into a disaster.
Reporter Yukihiro: What determines the winner?
Tesshin: It ends when one side seizes the other's general -- that is, their class representative. The fight will not otherwise end.
Reporter Yukihiro: Are there any other legal weapons besides bows?
Tesshin: The only bans are on firearms, horses, things of that nature.
Tesshin: Apparently, the use of horses is only permitted on school property.
Tesshin: If an arrow strikes a vital part of the body, or if three total arrows hit one person, that student is considered dead.
Reporter Yukihiro: And I believe melee weapons must be replicas, or else the fighter must use the back of the blade?
Reporter Yukihiro: I see, then this will be a very realistic reenactment.
Tesshin: Each individual is free to choose for him or herself the S Army or the F Army.
Tesshin: The battle truly began with both sides' efforts to snatch up the strongest fighters.
Reporter Yukihiro: And now the entire school is participating.
Tesshin: Each side is also allowed to recruit 50 fighters from outside the school.
Tesshin: F Army is outnumbered, but they have secured stronger help.
Monk: Naoe-dono, I look forward to today's battle.
Yamato: Same here.
Monk: We are the Monk Squad, twenty men and women who have qualified to take the Kawakami Temple Assistant Master exam.
Monk: As promised, we will fight by your side.
Yamato: Thank you very much.
Monk: But we will only fight Momoyo-dono.
Yamato: Yes, that was all part of the agreement.
Yamato: But that means we need you to hold her back.
Monk: We will put all of strength we have towards that end.
Monk: Kazuko-dono, may fortune favor you.
Kazuko: You too.
Ikurou: It feels good to have twenty of those powerful trainee monks on our side.
Suguru: Morale in the troops is on the rise, Yamato.
Yamato: Good. Keep on supporting me throughout the day.
*I looked over to see a second group of twenty outsiders had arrived. This one was made up of delinquents.*
Thug E: Ugh, what'm I doin' up before noon?
Thug B: B-But shit, this place is packed.
Yamato: There's 1400 people here total, all here to fight.
Thug K: Heheh... And you said we don't gotta hold back?
Thug C: Time to bash in some faces.
Thug A: I can't wait to see the fear in those rich kids' eyes once they smell what The Stone is cookin'.
*They were already out for blood.*
Yamato: Let's give your squad a name.
Thug C: We totally gotta be The Strongest Invincibles.
Thug E: How about Team Snap, Crackle, KABOOM?!
Yamato: What about The Bandits?
Thug A: Bandits? Yo, we ain't no dirty thieves.
Thug K: Heheh... Why not? Don't you want to be the bandits fucking over the elites?
Thug B: Th-That does sound spectacular.
*So came together the twenty reckless Bandits.*
Shouichi: Sorry we're late. Figured we'd go running out that way for some training.
*All of the men in Capt's Black Forces looked deadly serious.*
*They were the F Army's aces, no doubt about that.*
Chris: All of my ladies are in top condition. We are ready to fight.
*Her all-female White Forces were raring for a fight.*
Tadakatsu: You got all 150 of us in the main brigade too.
Yamato: Nice.
Mayo: Everyone is so enthused...
Mayo: Shouldn't I be out doing something, as the general?
Yamato: Just stand around looking dignified.
Mayo: Okay, I can take care of that!
Yamato: ...I thought you'd be more nervous.
Mayo: I've already prepared myself for anything.
Chika: Mayo's more gutsy than she looks, you know.
Chika: Even though there's 900 people all out to grab her.
Mayo: But Naoe-chan's my tactician, and I know he'll keep me safe.
Yamato: Exactly.
Yamato: Stay with her for the entire battle.
Chika: You couldn't stop me if you tried.
Mitsuru: ...Ooh, I'm so hungry...
Ikurou: Kuma-chan's got his power meter nice and full.
Yamato: I know it's hard, Kuma-chan, but I need you hang in there.
Mitsuru: ...I know, I'm trying... Ohh, but I'm so hungry.
Yamato: Okay! Then all units, get in position!
Yamato: Don't cross the border into S Army territory!
Yamato: Monks, could you and some of the main brigade help set up our base?
Monk: You want it here, on this island located downstream?
Yamato: Yes. It's a strong defensive position.
Tadakatsu: How many of my guys do you want?
Yamato: ...80.
Tadakatsu: Over half? Well, it's your call. You'll be having me meet up with 'em later, right?
*That would depend on our opponents.*
*How would the S Army fight? I wondered.*
*--Far to the north of the F Army's encampment.*
*The S Army prepared as well.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. Nothing can stop my 200 troops!
Kokoro: When the battle begins, I will take my position in the rear.
Touma: By all means. However, if a messenger comes, I do expect you to respond promptly.
Kokoro: Of course. We will crush them with superior numbers and superior talent.
Touma: Margit, are you feeling well?
Margit: Yes, I can take command. My fighting abilities are around 70%?
Touma: The fifty elites chosen from the various Class S's in each year are yours to command, if you would be so kind. Attack targets of opportunity.
Margit: Understood. You will leave it to me.
Hideo: Mwahahaha!!! Then We shall deploy the troops!
Touma: ...Hideo, I do hope you appreciate the fact that you are our general.
Hideo: Of course, Touma. Our 300 men shall swallow the enemy whole.
Touma: Are stadium seats truly what you desire on the battlefield?
Hideo: A true hero must carve open his own path.
Touma: Jun, would you kindly assist Hideo?
Jun: For you, Young Master, I'll try, but don't get too hopeful. I've never been much good with little animals.
Touma: Please keep Jun and 10 of our strongest outside recruits as your bodyguards, Hideo.
Hideo: He would be Our bodyguard? Nay, is there no other?
Jun: Dude, what gives? We're both riders on Spaceship Earth.
Hideo: Hmph. Well, given Touma's insistence, We suppose We will make an exception.
Touma: Then everyone, to your positions. And please kindly refrain from crossing the border.
*The S and F Armies took their places to the north and south.*
*Some time still remained until the start of battle, when the international border would vanish.*
*--The 2-S war council.*
*The commanders had gathered here once they'd readied their troops.*
Touma: It would seem the F Army truly does move at Yamato-kun's behest.
Momoyo: Heh. That's what I wanna hear.
Touma: Amakasu-san is simply window dressing, nothing more.
Koyuki: Everybody, I've got tea for you to drink.
Archery Club Captain: You have my sincerest gratitude.
Hideo: We would have the drink of heroes. Yuki, green tea!
Koyuki: Nope, all we've got is barley tea. Now here! Take some!
Hideo: Nwah! How dare you force Us to imbibe this liquid-- *gulp*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! This is rather tasty!
Koyuki: Mn-hm! (She looked satisfied.)
Jun: Hey, cut it out if you don't want to wake this gentle giant.
Koyuki: What? Are you going to roast him to death by reflecting sunlight off your head?
Hideo: So be it. We will at least make this quick.
Hideo: The hero before you shall now ask.
Hideo: Which side is righteous and true?
Touma: S Army's, to be sure.
Hideo: Which side has the more capable general?
Koyuki: S Army's!
Hideo: Which side is blessed by the universe?
Jun: We're about even.
Hideo: Which side enforces strict discipline?
Margit: The S Army.
Hideo: Which side has unparalleled strength?
Kokoro: S, for our outnumbers are great!
Hideo: Which side has more highly trained soldiers?
Archery Club Captain: They are equivalent.
Hideo: Which side holds both reward and punishment?
Momoyo: I'd say it's about even.
Hideo: Heheh. Then it is clear we have already won.
Touma: That sort of pride can itself cause one's downfall.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Their quest is a dream, a fairytale!
Hideo: A myth of how commoners can surpass the ruling class, should they band together.
Kokoro: A laughable idea. The squawking of monkeys can accomplish nothing.
Kokoro: They should bow before us, their eyes fixed only on the ground.
Hideo: Then let us go show them how fearsome We can be.
Hideo: Oh dearest and only friend, Touma! Bring forth the map of the battlefield!
Touma: Given all the information at hand, this is the current state of affairs.
Kokoro: Oh? Well done determining the enemy locations with such precision. Especially when that would require going beyond the boundary.
Touma: We have quite a few spies on their side.
Touma: I simply mapped the information they provided.
Kokoro: Hohoho, Splendidly done! But I would expect nothing less from you, Aoi-kun.
Touma: Well, I am certain they know much the same about us from their own spies.
Hideo: Oh? Kazuko-dono stands before our brigade.
Hideo: This must be fate. Our very heart seems to leap from our chest!
Touma: Their main force consists of some eight individuals, and is led by Minamoto-kun.
Margit: Minamoto Tadakatsu is formidable, but his troops are too few. Something is wrong about this.
Touma: Were I to hazard a guess, I would say an ambush awaits in the woods to their rear.
Touma: Hideo, please keep that in mind, just in case.
Hideo: Indeed We shall. How shrewd of them.
Kokoro: Overall, they seem to be spread wide and thin.
Margit: And look desperate to claim the eastern mountain.
Koyuki: Yeah, 'cause the view from there's super duper awesome.
Koyuki: You can see allllll the way across the battlefield.
Touma: They must not be allowed to cross the mountain either.
Touma: Best of luck to you, shock troops.
Aoi's Fan 1: Yep. We'd do anything for you, Touma-kun!
Momoyo Fan 3: We'd die for Momo-senpai!
Momoyo: For the last time, I never asked you to.
Momoyo Fan 4: We're doing this because we want to. Don't worry about us.
Margit: A group of zealots as our shock troops? They are promising, but I would like to move the freshmen guarding the rear closer to the front.
Touma: Heheh. The struggle for the eastern mountain will be fierce.
Hideo: Rest assured that Our brigade will trample them underfoot.
Touma: Though this battle would be far easier, Momo-senpai, if you would simply join our van.
Momoyo: I'm free to do what I want.
Momoyo: I'm pretty sure you agreed to that when I joined your side.
Touma: ...I suppose I did.
Momoyo: Which seed will bear fruit first? Heheh.
*--The 2-F war council.*
Suguru: Based on the information from our spies, these are their unit formations.
Takuya: Wow, their general's in the front lines. He's really taking us lightly.
Shouichi: Damn, Kuki's cool.
Miyako: They intend to overwhelm us with numbers, given this.
Kazuko: Fine by me. Me and Ta-chan will push them back.
*Wanko, second-in-command of the main brigade, was fired up.*
Yamato: ...Sorry, but you two are in for a tough fight.
Tadakatsu: Hmph. Bring it on.
Yamato: I need you to fight them with just the 70 you have.
Tadakatsu: ...Against their 300?
Yamato: I'll use the remaining 80 to set up an ambush.
Suguru: Inconceivable. The terrain is too exposed. They will see it coming.
Yamato: That's all part of the plan.
Kazuko: If Yamato says he has a plan, I trust him.
Yamato: All right. Gen-san and Wanko, engage Kuki's force for a short while, then fall back.
Suguru: Again I say to you, your plan is inconceivable. They will see the ambush coming.
Yamato: You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Yamato: Bandits, I need you to take the eastern mountains. You won't be lacking for a fight there.
Thug K: Heheh... 'Kay. We'll trample 'em.
Yamato: We the General Staff HQ will support you from the rear.
Kazuko: Yamato, you're fighting, too?
Yamato: When we're outnumbered this badly, I don't have a choice.
Cookie 2: Worry not. My full power will be devoted to your protection.
Cookie 2: Heheheh. Today, I can swing my blade with abandon.
Yamato: Monks, I'll be calling on you once we've secured the eastern mountain, so please set up camp at the summit.
Yamato: From there, you should be able to easily deal with Nee-san wherever she appears.
Monk: Understood. We will head there as soon as it's secured.
Yamato: Black Forces, I want you to participate in the battle for the eastern mountain.
Shouichi: Sweet.
Senior Class Leader: We're too thin on the west flank, Naoe.
Yamato: Fushikawa's in charge there. At the start, knowing her, she'll stick her nose up in the air and not make a single move.
Sophomore Class Leader: Then that's fine, I guess, but... Fighting in the east is going to be insane.
Yamato: Please don't leave your posts until I give the order, okay?
Senior Class Leader: Yeah, we won't. None of us wants to miss our chance to scare the shit out of those Class S elites.
Chris: Which leaves only Momo-senpai.
Yamato: It's clear she doesn't feel like doing anything. She'll wait and see.
*Namely, wait and see if we were worthy of fighting.*
Takuya: Well, if she does stay back, that makes things a lot simpler for us.
Kazuko: The only other frustrating thing is those stupid archers.
Miyako: I'm the only person in the Archery Club on our side...
*In other words, our only archer was Miyako.*
Yamato: We have plans for them. I'll be contacting you later, Miyako.
Suguru: I do have one concern -- the opposing outside fighters.
Suguru: Our information does suggest they have employed ten strong-armed men, but...
Yamato: But that's it?
Suguru: Correct. We have no knowledge of who fills the other forty slots.
Miyako: Staring at the map won't help us identify them, either.
Yamato: There is that suspicious group of ten they have set up behind their main base.
Mitsuru: OOH... OOH... TUMMY... SO RUMBLY...
Ikurou: He's about to blow. Perfect.
Yamato: I have a few plans already in place.
Yamato: If everything works out, we can turn this around.
Chris: Yes... All that remains is to act.
Yamato: Yeah. Mayucchi?
Yukie: Y-Yes?!
Matsukaze: What you got for my girl Mayucchi? Best for last?
Yamato: Once the battle starts, open up this bag and do exactly what the instructions inside say.
Yukie: All right!
Chika: Uh, that's pretty much all?
Mayo: Then Mr. Tactician, some final words?
Yamato: That's for you to do, General.
Mayo: As the general, I order you to give them.
*I said...*
Guys, let's do this!
Let's pulverize 2-S!
Follow my orders to the letter!
Yamato: Guys, let's do this!
Chris: Yeah!
Yamato: Let's pulverize 2-S!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Yamato: Follow my orders to the letter!
Miyako: Always and forever!
*We pumped our fists at the sky.*
*With the War soon to begin, the captains returned to their respective units.*
Yamato: Wanko, you're in one of the toughest spots. Hang in there.
Kazuko: Heheh. Well, just you wait, because I'm going to get first blood.
Yamato: Miyako, expect some brash orders to come your way.
Miyako: You can keep them coming.
Yamato: Mayucchi, you're one of our trump cards. We're counting on you.
Yukie: Yes, I'll try to be a very sharp card!
Matsukaze: You gonna see me and Mayucchi go nuts out there.
Yamato: ...Chris.
Chris: What?
Yamato: Your White Forces will be the difference between victory and defeat.
Chris: --!
Yamato: You're that important.
Chris: I am glad to hear you say so, Tactician.
*Chris firmly gripped my arm.*
Chris: Leave it to me. I will be your sword!
*...That had worked better than I had anticipated.*
*Guys, I'm counting on you.*
*It was time to give Nee-san a taste of defeat.*
Tesshin: Three minutes until the battle begins!
*Bellowed the principal's voice through the mountains.*
Tesshin: Listen! All troops must be within the playing field before the battle begins. Any latecomers will be denied entry.
Yamato: Yeah, yeah.
*Using my phone, I did my final check-in with each and every unit.*
*With me in the General Staff HQ were Suguru and Moro.*
*When I needed to give orders to multiple squads at once, they would be here to help.*
*--2-F Army General's Base.*
*In a sense, this was 2-F.*
*It was where all the non-combatants in 2-F had gathered, and there were forty in total.*
Haguro: Oh, ain't the war, like, totally about to start?
Chika: You said it.
Mayo: We're really far from the front lines, aren't we?
Chika: This is on the edge of the battlefield. And since we're practically on an island, our defenses are perfect.
Haguro: Plus, we've totally got, like, six or seven of the strongest hunks.
Chika: And when everyone else is from 2-F, this is really nice and relaxing.
Mayo: When we're taking it so easy, I feel guilty for what Naoe-chan and everyone else are going through.
Chika: Relax. You just stay back and be our queen.
*The 2-F flag billowed majestically overhead.*
Haguro: But you know, I so love how the flag turned out.
Chika: It was so worth all the trouble we went through to make it.
Mayo: That work is something we should look back on fondly.
Tesshin: 10!
Mayo: Oh, the countdown's started.
Tesshin: 9!
Jun: Those guys on their front lines look like they're itching to fight.
Hideo: Kazuko-dono stands amidst their numbers...
Jun: Hey, hey. We're counting on you, General. You gotta be heroic.
Hideo: We are, you simpleton. Do not belittle Us.
Hideo: We simply feel in this the calling of fate.
Tesshin: 8!
Chris: Warm yourselves up, ladies.
Chris: As knights, we must prove Yamato's faith in us to be well-placed.
Tesshin: 7!
Yamato: It's almost time.
*I gave the signal.*
Tesshin: 6!
Tadakatsu: That Kuki bastard's starin' at us, Kazuko.
Kazuko: --Ahhh...
*Kazuko was meditating, concentrating her ki.*
Tadakatsu: You're that focused already?
*Tadakatsu looked down at the shorter girl, a hundred thoughts and emotions running through his mind.*
Tesshin: 5!
*A helicopter hovered above Tanzawa.*
*At Yamato's signal, two silhouettes leapt from the vehicles and descended into the basin just west of Mayo's position.*
Tesshin: 4!
Touma: It's finally time for the Kawakami War, Yuki.
Koyuki: Should we really be this far away?
Touma: This is where the staff and commanding officers usually belong.
Tesshin: 3!
Momoyo: Hm?
*Momoyo had been eagerly awaiting the opening of hostilities, but something snapped her out of her reverie.*
Momoyo: ...But what is it?
Tesshin: 2!
Momoyo:  !!!
*She turned skyward.*
*She turned towards the two immense, threatening auras she and only she could sense descending from above.*
*No -- she was one of two in the S Army who did so.*
*Actually, make that three...*
Tesshin: 1!
Momoyo: Was that just my imagination?
*The mysterious willpower that had briefly enveloped the mountains had disappeared as quickly as it had come.*
*Or, perhaps, it had been veiled by the swell of energy from the men and women eager for the impending conflict.*
Tesshin: 0! Let the Kawakami War BEGIN!
Kazuko: Haaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
*Screamed Kazuko as she charged.*
Tadakatsu: Attack!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Go, S Army!
*Kazuko made first contact with the enemy.*
*She swung her naginata down at her foe, the weapon giving her superior range.*
*And he collapsed onto the ground.*
Kazuko: First blood goes to me, Kawakami Kazuko of the Kawakami Temple!
Lu: (Well done, Kazuko!)
Tesshin: (I can't show favoritism, but I'm proud of you.)
*Kazuko then charged deeper into the enemy mass.*
*Troops fell like dominoes in her wake.*
*The skilled swings of her naginata carved a path through the enemy lines.*
Tadakatsu: There! Attack there, before they can regroup!
*Tadakatsu steered his men towards the gap in the lines.*
Jun: Hey hey, no one said they'd be this valiant!
Hideo: What else would you expect from Kazuko-dono! She charges at a force of 300 without a speck of fear! Mwahahaha!
Jun: General, our troops are shell-shocked.
Hideo: Do not panic! We have them outnumbered!
Hideo: Surround them! Cut off their retreat!
*So began the battle between forces numbering 300 and 70.*
*Though Kazuko alone had already taken out 20.*
*Meanwhile in the battle for the eastern mountain...*
*The F Army Bandits boldly went on the offensive.*
Thug E: Move it! Kill 'em all!
Thug K: Heheh... Time for ul-tra vi-o-lence
*However, the S Army's shock troops outnumbered the Bandits two to one.*
Momoyo Fan 3: I'll kick your asses for Momo-senpai!
Momoyo Fan 4: That's how we'll prove our loyalty!
Thug C: Lemme teach you what a brawler can do! Drah!
Momoyo Fan 3: Kweh!
Thug B: I'm gonna bl-bloody one up! Hah!
Momoyo Fan 4: Ahh!
*The Momoyo fans crumpled.*
*But they soon sprung back to their feet.*
Momoyo Fan 3: Th-This is for Momo-senpai!
Momoyo Fan 4: W-We won't lose!
Thug A: What the heck? They get knocked down, but they get up again -- we're never gonna keep them down!
Aoi's Fan 1: Haaahhh! If I take you out here and now, Touma-kun will give me a smile!
Aoi's Fan 2: For Touma-kun! For Touma-kun!
Thug C: Shit, their eyes look shot!
*With their superior numbers, the enemy pushed the Bandits back.*
*Thirty of us from General Staff HQ soon arrived behind them.*
Suguru: They're like cultists. And people wonder why I detest real women.
Yamato: The enemy are all in one place. The Bandits did their job.
*Suddenly, a tremendous impact struck the shock troops from the side.*
Momoyo Fan 3: Wh-What the -- waahhh!
Shouichi: The Black Forces are here!
Gakuto: Which means that so am I, Gakuto!
*Capt's elite men mowed through the enemy.*
*Gakuto seized one zealot's leg and swung him like a discus.*
Momoyo Fan 4: H-He's strong!
*Gakuto then twirled around and launched her with a roundhouse kick.*
*At this point, numbers no longer meant anything.*
Shouichi: We're gonna be kings of the hill!
*Their overwhelming strength brought about complete destruction.*
Yamato: We're going in too! Finish off anyone who's weak!
Suguru: Sure, that I can do!
Takuya: It's nice to have such good, manageable orders.
Yamato: Thanks, Capt. We've got the mountaintop!
Shouichi: Next up, the plan's still to charge the main Kuki unit?
Yamato: Yeah. After that, you're free to act on your own!
Shouichi: Sweet! Let's go give Minamoto Tadakatsu some backup!
Gakuto: Don't get hurt, Moro.
Takuya: Same to you, Gakuto.
*In the blink of an eye, Capt gathered his troops, then shot off like the wind.*
Thug A: Holy shit... I'm glad they're on our side.
Thug C: H-Hey, more bastards are coming on up.
Yamato: Those would be the freshmen troops. There's fifty of them, maybe?
Yamato: We need to maintain definite control of the summit.
Suguru: Then I'll take 30 men to finish off the survivors.
Yamato: Bandits, we need you to halt those fifty in their tracks.
Thug B: I wanna, but we're already down a dozen.
Thug K: Hehe... This is gonna be so much fun. C'mon, let's go.
Takuya: Whoa. Seeing all that blood must have awoken something in them.
Yamato: They should buy us a lot of time. Yonpachi?
Ikurou: Yeah, I'm almost ready. Give me a bit longer.
Mitsuru: --Huff, huff!
Suguru: Right, I guess that's all of those creepy zealots.
Suguru: Now the summit's completely... Hmm?
*His eyes seized on a single wounded women.*
Suguru: Guess there's still one left.
Aoi's Fan 1: Ooh... H-Help me, please. My leg -- I can't move my leg.
*She looked up at Suguru, tears in her eyes.*
Aoi's Fan 1: I surrender, just lend me a shoulder.
Suguru: I could not care less for the wishes of real women.
Aoi's Fan 1: S-Save me. I'll do whatever you want!
*The women suggestively exposed her breasts.*
Suguru: You disgust me with those ugly things, 3D slut!
Aoi's Fan 1: --Tch. Take th--ah!
*He had already pressed his stun gun against the back of her neck.*
*The girl crumpled to the ground.*
Suguru: Unless 'her skin was as smooth as silk' pops up in narrative text, I'm not interested.
*Thus we annihilated S Army's zealot-filled shock troops.*
Yamato: Now we can leisurely keep an eye on the state of the battle.
Takuya: Uh, please don't forget about the fifty people trying to kill us.
Yamato: I'll take care of that sooner or later.
Yamato: --It should be almost time for action in the middle, too.
Yamato: You gotta time that retreat perfectly, Gen-san.
*The central front, Hideo's army vs. Tadakatsu's brigade--*
Kazuko: Seyaahhh!
*Kazuko flowed like a dancer, the naginata spinning in her hands.*
Hideo Brigade Soldier: CHASER!
*A warrior rushed in, shinai in hand.*
Kazuko: Mmph!
*She blocked the sword, then swept her weapon across his legs.*
*Some thirty or forty enemies had already fallen before her.*
*By the time she realized where she was, only enemies were around her.*
*The naginata was a long-ranged weapon that could be swung in any direction. Not having to worry about selecting targets let her truly dive into battle.*
Jun: Right, she's surrounded. Sasumata forces, seize her!
*Everyone around her thrust with the man-catching weapon.*
Kazuko: Deyaahh!
*With a spin of her naginata, she pushed them away.*
*But the second rank behind them stepped forward and thrust as well.*
Kazuko: I'm not done yet!
*Again she swung and forced them away.*
Kazuko: It's my turn now...
*Kazuko pressed forward, and the enemy retreated.*
*Suddenly a sasumata came thrusting in from her blind spot.*
Kazuko: Oh no!
*But a fist came out of nowhere, smashing it to smithereens.*
Kazuko: Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: We ain't doin' good. We're pullin' back, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Huh? But I can still fight.
Tadakatsu: We've lost too many men. We run now, or we get wiped out.
Jun: You won't get away! Take them down, here and now!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Captain!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: Captain!
Kazuko: They really adore you.
Tadakatsu: Shut your trap.
Tadakatsu: Group up, and let's break our way through!
Kazuko: I'll open up a path! Sraaahhhh!
Jun: Stop! Don't let them just walk through you!
Hideo: We knew you could do it, Kazuko-dono!
Jun: Who's side are you on?!
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Yamato: Okay, Minamoto Tadakatsu's brigade has started their retreat.
*Good going, Gen-san. You picked exactly the right moment.*
*Stubbornness would have gotten them all killed, but leaving too soon would be suspicious.*
Suguru: But you know, if the enemy doesn't pursue them, they'll have taken losses for nothing.
Yamato: The pursuit will come.
Suguru: I still think they know the ambush is coming.
Yamato: And I know how the enemy general thinks.
Yamato: Does Kuki Hideo seem like the kind of guy who would hesitate just because he knows there's an ambush?
*--Hideo's Brigade.*
Jun: I have a message from the Young Master! He said not to pursue -- it's an ambush!
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Unacceptable!
Hideo: An enemy flees before Us. How low would We be, were We not to lay chase?
Jun: Are you even listening? It's a trap!
Hideo: You think this army would quiver before a mere ambush?
Hideo: We yet have two hundred troops under Our command.
Hideo: Furthermore, have not the enemy suffered greater losses? After them! After them, We say!
Hideo: And Our charge shall not stop until the enemy base has fallen! With Us!
Jun: ...Aye yi yi. Why's the Young Master have to put up with you?
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Suguru: The enemy really have charged after us.
Yamato: I feel for you, Aoi Touma. You must have seen this coming.
Yamato: Moro, shoot the signal firework when I raise my hand.
Takuya: Okay, leave it to me.
Suguru: Report: The Fushikawa Army has not taken action.
Yamato: You just keep on acting calm and composed, Fushikawa.
Suguru: Report: Margit's rear-guard unit is advancing.
Yamato: I don't like where they're situated. They might come support Hideo's troops.
*Margit was several times stronger than Fushikawa.*
Yamato: --Okay, they've retreated far enough back.
Yamato: Give the signal!
*A firework shot into the sky.*
Jun: What's that signal?
Hideo Brigade Soldier 2: Sir! It's an ambush from the forest!
Jun: I told you so...
Hideo: How many?
Hideo Brigade Soldier 2: We believe no more than a dozen.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! A trifling number!
Hideo Brigade Soldier 3: Sir! There's a second ambush from the other side!
Hideo: How many this time?
Hideo Brigade Soldier 3: Just another ten or so.
Hideo: They are but flies. Have the men on the flanks deal with them.
Hideo: The main body is to pay them no heed and maintain the pursuit!
Jun: This can't be it.
Hideo Brigade Soldier 2: Sir! It's another ambush from the forest! Another ten men!
Hideo: Pay it no heed, no heed at all!
Hideo Brigade Soldier 3: Yet another ambush from the opposite side! It's another ten men!
Hideo: Take them all out.
Hideo Brigade Soldier 2: Th-There's even more coming out of the forest.
Hideo Brigade Soldier 3: H-How long can this go on?! There's a sixth group now!
Hideo: Enough of these pests! They are a distraction -- ignore them!
Tadakatsu: Stop the retreat! About face! Charge!
Kazuko: I've been waiting for this!
*Kazuko had guarded the rear, and now she turned on her heels and led the attack.*
*The four or five men who'd led the pursuit, each of whom looked like he knew how to handle himself on a fight, rushed her down.*
Kazuko: Running away's not my style!
*Kazuko crushed them in an instant.*
Jun: Oh, they stopped running?
Hideo: We care not. Proceed to force them back!
Hideo Brigade Soldier 2: Th-They're coming at us from the trees!
Hideo Brigade Soldier 3: There's ambushers from the other side too! There's no end to them!
Hideo: Tch. How many ambushers are there?
Jun: Nobody knows where the next attack is coming form. That's crushing our morale.
Hideo: Calm down! We yet outnumber them! Relax and focus on defeating your respective opponents, and We will win this battle of attrition!
Jun: Wow. Nice job, Gener--
!!!
*At that moment, Inoue Jun felt a wave of pressure slam at him from the side.*
Chris: Christiane Friedrich is here!
*She and her White Forces joined in the ambush.*
Chris: Pierce through the enemy unit!
*Her ladies blew away everyone in their path.*
*Their numbers and strength far outstripped the previous ambushers'.*
Jun: The brigade's parting like the Red Sea before Moses!
Hideo: Who are those troops? Tremendous is their strength.
Jun: Shit -- our battle lines are falling apart.
*Having carved through Hideo's brigade, Chris turned around and charged through again.*
*Allowing the rest of F Army to seize the opportunity and up the pressure.*
Hideo: Tch, there is no recovery to be had from this. Let us withdraw for now.
Jun: Good decision. Heck, we'll pull ourselves together in no time.
Chris: I have found you, General!
*Chris ferociously drove towards Hideo.*
*Soldiers tried to stop her, but the fiery swings of her rapier were too much for them to handle.*
Chris: You are mine...
Jun: Nah, you're being way too greedy.
Chris: These troops are a lot stronger...
*In the final two ranks of the army, Chris finally encountered resistance.*
*For Kuki Hideo had made sure to place elite troops as his guards.*
*So as powerful as Chris's charge was, Inoue Jun put a stop to it.*
Jun: You're out of position! Bodyguards, surround and eliminate her!
Chris: Kh. Did my fervor get the better of me?
Kazuko: Hold it right there!
*Kazuko danced into the fight, twirling her naginata about herself.*
Chris: Dog--!
*Then they took their stances, standing back to back.*
Kazuko: You never think ahead, do you, Kuri?
Chris: I do not want to hear that from you, Dog.
Chris: Yet you have saved me. I owe you a debt.
Kazuko: Heh-hem. And don't you forget it.
Hideo: Do not heed them -- retreat!
*The bodyguards withdrew, all while making sure to keep Hideo safe.*
Hideo: We shall recover swift--
*Then another unit appeared, it too gunning for Hideo.*
Shouichi: Black Forces, let's get 'em!
*They soon threw their opponents back into disarray.*
Hideo: Kazamaaaa!
Jun: That's the tenth ambush! What the heck?!
Gakuto: Get in there! Take out the general!
*Gakuto walloped the enemy troops.*
Jun: Hideo, run! I can handle this myself -- I'm a grade 3 bookkeeper after all!
Hideo: Jun?
Jun: The bodyguards will hold them off. You need to retreat to the back lines!
Hideo: ...You have Our gratitude, lolicon.
Jun: You sure don't sound grateful, dammit!
*Hideo and the few fighters who were his last line of defense broke off and retreated.*
Jun: Sorry you gotta put up with having him in command.
*The bodyguards stood in the Black Forces' way.*
*But Kazama's unit's momentum was too much for them to handle.*
*The Black Forces mowed through the bodyguards, all of whom had been recruited from outside the Academy.*
Jun: You're not getting past here...
Jun: Or actually, maybe I'll just take you all out.
*An unspeakable aura radiated from his body.*
Gakuto: Shut your trap, or I'll shut it for you!
*When he saw Gakuto's charge, Jun calmly settled into a fighter's stance.*
*But then Jun felt from directly behind him a tremendous wave of hostility.*
*He turned around to see an arrow flying straight towards his head.*
*Reflexively, he threw up a fist to deflect the missile, but...*
Gakuto: Handsome Lariat!
Jun: Bwah!
*That left him unable to defend against Gakuto.*
*Gakuto was a strength-based fighter, and he'd landed a clean blow.*
*The hit was far more than Jun could absorb.*
*At that moment, he looked in the direction the arrow had come from.*
*He found the archer there, in the shadow of a distant tree.*
Miyako: ......
Jun: Long range... sniping...
Jun: Those... cheaters...
*Jun fell unconscious.*
Miyako: No, just skill. Sorry not sorry.
Miyako: But the bodyguards held their formation, preventing me from sniping their general.
Gakuto: Inoue Jun was nothin' before the power of my fists!
*He shouted, his voice echoing across the mountains.*
Hideo: ...Oh, Margit. You have brought your reserves all the way to the front?
Margit: We are here to rescue you, General. It is good to see you are safe.
Hideo: Many bodyguards gave their lives to protect Ours.
Margit: You will regroup and fight anew.
Hideo: Yes, of course!
Margit: Good. Troops, form up around the General and withdraw.
*The S Army had lost Inoue Jun and all the bodyguards.*
*Hideo's brigade had suffered painful losses, but had avoided complete annihilation.*
*F Army's Tadakatsu Brigade had many casualties of their own, but morale couldn't be higher.*
*With that battle's conclusion, the War now entered its second phase.*
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
*Enemy fighters continued to attack from below.*
Suguru: The delinquents will not be able to hold out much longer.
Takuya: We're going to be overrun!
Yamato: --It looks like the cavalry's here.
Sumo Club Member: Right on! We've finally made it up.
American Football Club Member: Ahh, all that climbing's made me hungry.
Baseball Catcher: Yeah, I could really go for some food.
Takuya: Wh-What's going on? Why are so many, uh, 'big-boned' people coming up?
*Here were gathered twenty of the biggest giants at Kawakami Academy.*
Ikurou: Kuma-chan's ready.
*Kuma-chan was normally as kind and gentle as a teddy bear, but deny him food for long enough...*
Mitsuru: I'm hungry...
Mitsuru: I'M SO HUNGRY!!!
*...And he would become a grizzly.*
Yamato: Everyone, we need your help. The reward if we win is still the same as what I promised before.
Sumo Club Member: Right on! All-we-can-eat at wherever Kuma-chan chooses!
American Football Club Member: Ahh, I can't wait. I love meat.
Baseball Catcher: I'm so hungry, I'd even eat grass.
Yamato: Then I'd like you all to line up side-by-side with your arms linked.
Yamato: ...Yes, yes, just like that.
Suguru: They've broken through the Bandits! We can't hold them!
Yamato: Then it's time to show off one of our secret weapons -- the Pulverizers.
Yamato: I need you guys to run straight down the mountain, and nobody let go of the person next to you.
Sumo Club Member: Right on!
Yamato: Send them back down head over heels!
*The line of giants thundered down the mountainside.*
*The enemy soldiers tried to escape, but the line was too wide. They were doomed.*
Mitsuru: I'M SO HUNGRY!!!
*Kuma-chan swatted anyone he came in contact with.*
*And so the platoon of fifty who'd clumped up and tried to push their way through were smashed to smithereens.*
Cookie 2: Runner spotted.
Cookie 2: He will not escape!
*Cookie instantly slashed the two who had managed to get away unscathed.*
*By the time the Pulverizers had made it down the mountain, not a single one of the 50 freshmen foes remained standing.*
Suguru: The mountain is in our hands now.
Yamato: Call in the Monks.
Suguru: What about Kuma-chan and everyone else who ran down the mountain?
Yamato: They're free to have fun taking on whoever they want. They should do some good damage.
*--2-S General Staff HQ*
Touma: The troops engaged in the eastern mountain were wiped out, you say?
Touma: And how was that, exactly? ...Hmm.
Touma: Pulverizers, you say? Oh Yamato-kun, what interesting strategies you use.
Koyuki: What's wrong, Touma?
Touma: Yuki, it is time for us to fight.
Koyuki: Yay! It's finally time!
*At the base of the eastern mountain, the F Army's Kawakami Temple Monks--*
Monk: By stationing people as strong as us at the summit, he hopes to deter anyone else from trying to attack.
Monk: We declared we wouldn't fight, and he still finds a way to use us.
Monk: That's a pretty clever trick.
*Just south of the midpoint, F Army's Minamoto Tadakatsu and his brigade--*
Tadakatsu: Even with the ambushers joining up, we got all of 100 that can fight?
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Captain! Report: The Kuki Brigade continues to retreat.
Tadakatsu: Good. Then we're gonna advance, press the front lines back into their territory.
Kazuko: I've been waiting for this! Okay, let's go!
*Kazuko picked up her naginata and ran off enthusiastically.*
Shouichi: Wanko, good luck out there!
Gakuto: Don't let anyone beat you!
Kazuko: Same to you!
Tadakatsu: I'm off too... What about you guys?
Shouichi: We're taking a break. Then we're off to find more targets.
Tadakatsu: Got it.
Tadakatsu: ...That last charge was badass.
Shouichi: Whoa, thanks for the compliment. It come with a reward?
Shouichi: Don't let Wanko get hurt out there.
Tadakatsu: Wouldn't dream of it.
Gakuto: Man, runnin' all over is exhausting.
Gakuto: Things are goin' good. We beat down the main Kuki force, and the guys in the east won the mountain.
Shouichi: Looks like we've finally evened things out.
Gakuto: Where did Chris's squad run off to?
Shouichi: I think we're gonna head for here next.
Gakuto: ...Another raid?
Shouichi: Scared, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Don't be stupid. I'm just lookin' forward to another huge fight.
Shouichi: Sweet! Then we've got a long run ahead -- don't fall behind!
*North of the eastern mountain, the Pulverizers--*
Sumo Club Member: Right on! Do we keep our arms linked still?
American Football Club Member: Wait. We need to follow Naoe-kun's orders.
Baseball Catcher: *sniff* Does anyone else smell food?
Mitsuru: Over here! There's food!
*The Pulverizers wandered forward, lured by the scent.*
Sumo Club Member: Whoa! There's a ton of food on the ground!
American Football Club Member: It's an obvious trap, but I can't stop myself!
Baseball Catcher: Even if its poisoned, the spices will be worth it.
Mitsuru: Time to eat.
*The Pulverizers started devouring the food on the ground.*
*All while one person watched from afar.*
Touma: As I expected, they have completely fallen for the bait.
Touma: Archers, let your arrows blot out the sun!
Archery Club Captain: Commence firing at the enemy unit!
*The rain of arrows cast shade over the Pulverizers, there were so many.*
Mitsuru: Ahh, that was delicious.
*At the precise moment the arrow struck him, Kumagai Mitsuru wanted for nothing.*
Archery Club Captain: All twenty of them have been turned into Swiss cheese.
Touma: There is no better way to deal with giants than from a distance.
Touma: Now, for my next plan... Contact the F Army's freshmen platoon.
Touma: --It is time for the sleeper cell to awaken.
*--South of the eastern mountain, F Army's freshmen platoon.*
F Army Freshman Captain: Aoi-san's finally given us the signal!
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: What's up, Nonaka-san? *munch, munch* 
F Army Freshman Captain: Ryohei, listen up. We're leaving F Army and switching over to S Army.
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: *munch* Seriously? We're turning traitor?
F Army Freshman Captain: Stick with me, guys!
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: Of course, Nonaka-san. *munch*
F Army Freshman Captain: Great. Then let's go attack the General Staff HQ on the eastern mountain.
F Army Freshman Captain: They'll have no idea we've switched sides.
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Takuya: Report: An allied Freshmen platoon is inbound on our position.
Yamato: So they've betrayed us already... And they aren't even trying to hide it, either.
Suguru: If you knew this would happen, prevent it.
Yamato: I don't know what other traitors there might be, so the only choice is to make a thorough example of the ones we do know about.
Yamato: I'm more shocked that the Pulverizers were wiped out.
*At the base of the eastern mountain, F Army's freshmen platoon.*
F Army Freshman Captain: Right, we'll act like we're friendly, then stab them in the back.
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: *munch* Yes, sir.
F Army Freshman Captain: You have my thanks, Ryohei, for sticking by my side.
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: *munch, munch* We're friends, aren't we?
*It was then that another squad charged into the freshmen's flank.*
Chris: Christiane is here to bring justice!
*They were the elite White Forces.*
F Army Freshman Captain: Stop! We're on your side!
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: *munch, munch* Here's the traitor.
F Army Freshman Captain: R-Ryohei, why...?!
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: (Munch munch...)
Chris: Haahhh!
*Never hesitating, Chris first struck down the captain.*
Chris: Enemy captain eliminated!
Chris: Split into four groups strike down the remainder! Let none escape!
*While her troops swiftly responded to her order, the freshmen remained rattled.*
*The ladies' superior training let them make quick work of their foes.*
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: *munch* Heheh, now I can--
Chris: Prepare yourself!
*Chris stabbed the lieutenant too without even a sliver of hesitation.*
F Army Freshman Lieutenant: Huh? Me... too...? But... why? You... mean... ie...
Chris: Good. They have all been annihilated.
Chris: Well done, ladies! Next, we shall head for the northern front.
*And so the White Forces made swift work of all 50 freshmen traitors.*
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Takuya: The White Forces report that they've taken out the traitors.
Suguru: Should we have truly attacked Ryohei as well, even when he stayed loyal?
Yamato: I'd never trust anyone who can so easily betray his friend.
Yamato: Somebody go to the foot of the mountain and bring me the unconscious leader of the rebels.
Ikurou: Aye-aye. Heheheh, I hope there's a girl knocked out there somewhere.
Yamato: Cookie, you can do whatever you want to the guy.
Cookie 2: Then today is my lucky day. I have so many experiments in mind and so few test subjects.
Yamato: Record video of that, upload it, and send the link to everyone.
Suguru: Will do. I will entitle it 'A Betrayer's Fate'.
Takuya: Wait. If we hurt an enemy hostage, we'll be disqualified.
Yamato: Only if they're part of the S Army. But these guys haven't officially switched sides, have they?
Takuya: Oh... Okay, I get it. So--
Yamato: So they're still our allies. On paper, at least.
*They tried to attack us all while pretending to be on our side.*
*It was the sort of plan that would pay big dividends if it worked -- 'if' being the key word there.*
Suguru: Reporting: Minamoto's Brigade cannot advance due to enemy archers keeping them pinned.
*I called Miyako.*
*The central front, S Army's Archers and Margit's unit--*
Margit: Excellent suppressive fire. You will be proud.
Archery Club Captain: The enemy may yet grow impatient and elect to charge.
Margit: Should that occur, we the rear guard will step forward and defend you.
Margit: Furthermore, Kuki Hideo is regrouping his scattered troops further to the rear.
Margit: You will the suppressive fire until they are ready.
Archery Club Captain: If such is true, then we will increase the pressure.
Archery Club Captain: Advance forwards while continuing to fire! Force back our foes!
*The central front, Minamoto's Brigade--*
Kazuko: Nwah! Now they're coming at us too!
Tadakatsu: Fall back out of their range!
*As they fell back, arrows struck the ground where they'd been standing seconds before.*
*They soon withdrew out of range.*
Kazuko: Now's supposed to be when we get to attack, while Kuki-kun's busy regrouping!
Tadakatsu: If we go forcin' our way in there, we ain't just gonna lose a lot of people -- we're gonna have the S Class elites in their rear guard comin' at us.
Tadakatsu: Screw those archers. Bein' stuck at a standstill sucks.
Miyako: Step aside. I'll go.
Kazuko: Miyako!
Miyako: I can eliminate them from outside of their range.
Tadakatsu: You think you can land the shot when they can't, dumbass?
Miyako: With my reinforced sniper's bow, yes.
Tadakatsu: You're riskin' everything on your fuckin' gut?
Miyako: Yamato said he believed I could, that he needed me to...
Miyako: So I need to do this, for him.
Tadakatsu: In that case... Go kick some ass.
Miyako: Mm-hm. Nothing in this world is stronger...
Miyako: Than my love for Yamato.
Kazuko: Something makes me think you can really do it, Miyako.
Miyako: Also, you won't believe what I'll get when I succeed.
Kazuko: Oh? Tell me!
Miyako: He said I could ask for anything, so I asked for him to take me to go mushroom hunting. The kind where you can eat the mushrooms on the spot.
Kazuko: Since when have you liked mushrooms?
Miyako: Since forever. And I get to choose the place.
Miyako: (So I'm going to choose Yamato's room.)
Miyako: (And then I'll 'hunt' for Yamato's mushroom.)
Miyako: (So I will make this shot. I have to.)
*Miyako drew her bow.*
*Where she stood, the enemy suppressive fire did not reach.*
Tadakatsu: ...Nah, this ain't gonna work.
*But Miyako had already deafened herself to everything around her.*
*Her eyes focused on nothing except her target.*
*The archery club captain.*
*A wave of ki flowed from her body...*
*And into the arrow.*
*She shot off the arrow! The bowstring's force was so powerful that its vibration could be felt in the air.*
Kazuko: There it goes!
*The arrow struck the Archery Club captain in the head, and she crumpled to the ground.*
*A commotion stirred through the enemy ranks.*
Tadakatsu: Damn, you really got her?
*Then the enemy unit resumed their shooting advance.*
Tadakatsu: Ah, she had set her damn chain of command well.
*It was hard to believe they'd just lost their leader, given how promptly they reacted.*
Miyako: After the captain should come their vice captain.
*Miyako nocked her second arrow.*
Tadakatsu: Hey, you're wastin' time we ain't got. They're all hidin' behind wooden shields.
Kazuko: And their arrows can reach us now Miyako!
Miyako: ...Mmph!
*An arrow stabbed the earth just to Miyako's right.*
*But Miyako wasn't phased. She calmed drew back her bowstring and fired.*
*In that arrow rested all her love for Yamato.*
*It broke through the wooden shield and knocked the vice captain clean off her feet.*
Tadakatsu: Damn... But they ain't slowin' down.
*They still continued their advance, still continued to fire.*
Miyako: After the vice captain should come the sophomore leader.
*Though she rarely attended club, she still understood its organization.*
Tadakatsu: We gotta go now. You won't last long standin' there.
Miyako: But I can't break their shields from anywhere else!
*Another arrow soared towards Miyako.*
*Only for a naginata blade to slice its path.*
Kazuko: I've got you covered, Miyako!
*Kazuko spun her naginata, deflecting all arrows.*
Miyako: Thanks Wanko, but I can't see the enemy.
Kazuko: I'll move once I've dealt with the arrows. You shoot before the next volley.
Miyako: ...It's never easy with you guys.
Miyako: But I'll do it.
*Miyako focused her full concentration on the shot.*
*She poured ki into the arrow and waited for Kazuko to give the signal.*
Kazuko:  Now!
*Kazuko slid aside.*
*Miyako fired half a heartbeat later, the arrow zipping towards the enemy line.*
Miyako: An iron shield?!
*The arrow thudded into the enemy's shield.*
*Faced with that reality, there was only one thing for Miyako to do...*
*She immediately fired a second shot!*
*However, the enemy's next wave of arrows was already in the air.*
*Kazuko acrobatically bounced in front of Miyako, trying to deflect the arrows without blocking her vision.*
Miyako: Just as my love for Yamato, let this arrow fly strong and true!
*The twang of the bowstring echoed across the battlefield.*
*Her arrow pierced through her previous arrow.*
*Their combined impact shattered the enemy's shield, striking their intended target.*
*The enemy archers immediately fell into turmoil.*
Tadakatsu: Shit, that was awesome!
Tadakatsu: We won't have to deal with arrows now. Charge!
*After the quick compliment, Tadakatsu immediately led his brigade into battle.*
Margit: Archers, fall back!
Margit: Are you listening? I said, you will fall back!
Margit: ...Alas, their chain of command has fallen apart.
Kazuko: Miyako, I knew you could do it! That was awesome!
Miyako: V for victory!
Kazuko: Wait -- whoa, you're sweaty!
Miyako: I won't be able to move for a while... I'm pooped.
*Miyako crouched down on the spot, her head rested on her knees.*
Kazuko: But look. Do you see? Thanks to you, the archers are--
Miyako: Yeah, they're getting torn apart.
Kazuko: We'll wipe them out.
Miyako: You should join the charge.
Kazuko: Eh, I kinda sprained my ankle at the end there.
Miyako: You know better than to be that flashy.
Kazuko: How else was I supposed to protect you? Did you even see how many arrows there were?!
Miyako: Yes, I did. Thank you.
Kazuko: Ahaha. It's nothing, really.
Kazuko: Anyways, I'll join them once I do a bit of first aid.
Miyako: Okay. I'll take cover for now too.
Kazuko: Hey Miyako?
Miyako: What?
Kazuko: You're just amazing! I mean it!
Miyako: ...Mm-hm. I always come through in a pinch.
*The S Army's archers had fallen, and Minamoto engaged with Margit's reserve unit--*
*--Tanzawa River, Upstream S Army Murakami's Aquatic Unit.*
Swim Club Member: Captain Murakami, everything's ready.
Murakami: Great! Guys, listen up: We're going to dive underwater, then follow the river all the way down to the enemy base. That's where we'll strike.
Swim Club Member: Yeah! We're the only ones who can pull off this sort of surprise attack!
Murakami: Word is Kazama Shouichi's unit is headed this way.
Swim Club Member: Yeah, I hate that guy. Why can't the girls like me instead?
Murakami: Right? Now imagine, if you would, a world where we're the ones who take down the enemy base in a sneak attack. Okay, what happens next?
Swim Club Member: We'll be big damn heroes, and the girls will love us?
Murakami: Got it in one. Kawakami Momoyo might even get the hots for you, and she's smoking hot.
Swim Club Member: Her sister's more my type.
Murakami: All I can say is, if we take them out, girls will love you. I 200% guarantee it.
Swim Club Member: Then this is gonna be good.
Murakami: There's so many sweet chicks in the enemy army. Have you seen that Shiina girl's boobs?
Swim Club Member: She's Naoe Yamato's woman. Everyone knows that.
Murakami: How often do they do it? Like, once a week? Ah, give me someone that beautiful and I'd be set for life.
Swim Club Member: ...Big boobed girls are your type, then?
Murakami: I'd love to do that transfer student too. What's her name, Chris?
Swim Club Member: Maybe this is a stupid question, but are blond chicks blond down there, too?
Murakami: H-Huh. All the girls in all the Western porn I've watched are shaved down there, so I dunno.
*As they casually shot the breeze, the swimmers were suddenly set upon by a powerful force.*
Shouichi: It's Kazama Shouichi and the Black Forces!
Gakuto: Crush them!
Murakami: Kazama?! No way! Our intel said you were still on your way!
Shouichi: You can't predict the wind!
*They routed the defenseless swimmers.*
Swim Club Member: Calm down! There's forty of us and only--
Gakuto: Hahaha! C'mon! I'll take you all out!
*Gakuto clotheslined foe after foe.*
*What defenses they threw up were nothing before his might.*
*But one of the buffer swim team members managed to tackle him.*
Swim Club Member: Dammit -- everyone, hold him down!
*A half dozen of them piled onto Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Sorry, but I only want to be piled on by girls!
*He roared and shook every one of them off.*
Swim Club Member: H-How can anyone have that much power?!
Gakuto: That's right! Once I catch you, there's no escape.
Swim Club Member: Ah... L-Let go of me, you bastard!
Gakuto: Power Slam!
Swim Club Member: Gaahhhh!
Murakami: Argh! W-We're getting wiped out!
Murakami: ...I've got it!
*Murakami jumped towards the river.*
Murakami: If I just get underwater--
Shouichi: You're not going anywhere!
Murakami: Gwah!
*Before he reached the water, Shouichi took him out with a midair flying kick.*
*Murakami then fell into the water.*
Murakami: *gasp* F-Fucking hell...
Shouichi: Huh? You got something to say?
Murakami: I-I would've been... unbeatable... if I'd made it into the water... Dammit...
Shouichi: Wait, what?! That sounds fun!
Shouichi: Figures the swim team'd be stronger in the water...
Shouichi: And then I'd dive in and fight you there anyways! That'd be so cool!
Shouichi: Sweet, so let's try this again. Wait, don't fall unconscious! I can't take out the water monster before he even hits the water! That'd be cheating!
Gakuto: Hey, Capt! We took them all out!
Shouichi: ...Oh, so it's all over.
Gakuto: Still, where do you think they were headed?
Shouichi: If they kept on swimming long enough, they'd reach our main base.
Gakuto: So they were planning on doin' a sneak attack?
Shouichi: That's why we targeted them, to take them out first.
Gakuto: Then we are the heroes this day. And the hero always gets the girl.
Shouichi: Eh, let's worry about that once we win.
Gakuto: Now that we've accomplished our goal, let's rest. We've got wounded.
Shouichi: Where next...? Looks like things are about to heat up in the west.
*Northwest, S Army's Fushikawa Brigade...*
*Enchanting music played through the camp as the officers conducted a tea ceremony.*
Kokoro: There is an exquisiteness to tea drunk outside.
Kokoro: I find myself gaining appreciation for the occasional picnic.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier: Report: Aoi-kun requests that we engage in battle.
Kokoro: Hohoho. Then he must be struggling.
Kokoro: I suppose that, as a noblewoman, I have no choice. I will stride forth and cast a radiant light upon that boorish battlefield.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier: Do you have any orders for the S Army sophomore and senior platoons stationed right in front of us?
Kokoro: Nay. Tell them they are to heighten their defenses.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier: Yes, ma'am!
Kokoro: Now, let us be off!
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Suguru: Fushikawa's finally on the move, heading due south.
Yamato: She probably plans to pass through the western mountains and head for our base.
Yamato: Contact the sophomore and senior units positioned at the mountain's base and tell them to prepare to intercept.
Takuya: Something's wrong. I can't get hold of the sophomores.
Yamato: Don't tell me they betrayed us?
Takuya: I don't know. The seniors said they'll fight Fushikawa's army as ordered.
Yamato: Have them send someone to check on the sophomores.
Yamato: Yonpachi, could you head to the base? Tell them we're in a tight struggle.
Ikurou: Yeah, the general will feel better hearing that in person. Roger.
*Slowly, the difference in numbers began to weigh on us.*
*But I still had plenty of plans.*
Suguru: Another report from the center: Kuki's brigade has returned from the rear and rendezvoused with Margit's reserves. They number over 150.
Yamato: That fast?! Dammit Kuki, I thought we'd have more time...
*Tadakatsu had only a hundred fighters with which to oppose them.*
Takuya: But Wanko's there too, so shouldn't that be enough?
Yamato: Yeah, but I've got a bad feeling about this.
*--The central front.*
Kazuko: Yaaahhh!
*Kazuko let out a shout.*
*She was in the dead center of the fight and had gone on the attack.*
*By now, Kazuko's name was one the enemy whispered in fear. She was their boogeyman.*
*Meanwhile, Tadakatsu moved to support her.*
Hideo: Those two perform as magnificently as ever.
Margit: I will acknowledge your skill in regrouping your troops in such short time, Kuki Hideo.
Margit: Now we have the numeric advantage.
Hideo: Have you reinforced the flanks in order to handle Kazama?
Margit: There is no way to know when he will strike.
Margit: So we will defeat the enemies before us with creatively. Baseball Club Platoon, fire!
*Fastballs rocketed from the enemy lines.*
*One struck the girl next to Kazuko, and she collapsed to the ground.*
Kazuko: It's the Baseball Club! They're throwing balls at us!
Tadakatsu: We've prepared for that! Softball team, grab your bats and get up here!
*They bunted the balls, stopping the attacks.*
*A few of the stronger hitters took swings at the balls, and the counterattacks took out several of their foes.*
Margit: An excellent response. Pitchers, withdraw. Animal club, forward!
Animal Club Member: Go, my beasts!
Kazuko: What the... Why are there so many dogs charging at us?!
Tadakatsu: We've prepared for this too! Mutsujirou!
Mutsujirou: As the biggest animal lover in school, now is my moment of glory.
*The hounds launched themselves at Mutsujirou.*
Mutsujirou: There there there. Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy? You are! Yes you are! Yes you are!
Kazuko: Wow, now all the dogs are giving him kisses!
Tadakatsu: Knew he could do it.
Mutsujirou: Here, let me give you all some meat.
Kazuko: Did somebody say meat?
Tadakatsu: Please don't go with them.
Margit: Next, the Flamewakers. Advance!
Street Performance Club Member: Fire!
Kazuko: Whoa, there's a full row of them breathing fire at us!
Tadakatsu: Yamato laid out plans for them too! Magic Club!
Magic Club Member: This is the magic trick of the future: Super Water Squirting Flower!
*A torrent of water gushed out and extinguished the flames.*
Margit: Mantra club, advance! Curse them!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Be still, 2-F Army! Feel your muscles grow stiff and unmoving!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Wh-What the... I can't move my body!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: Captain, what's going on? I can't move!
Tadakatsu: Keep your shit together! It's all phony!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Are you so sure, Minamoto Tadakatsu, when you yourself cannot move either?
Tadakatsu: What the heck? I'm actually stuck.
Club Captain Kyougoku: Of course you are. I put a curse on your very name.
Kazuko: You think this will stop us?!
Club Captain Kyougoku: A name binds a man from the moment he is given it. As yours will bind you, Kawakami Kazuko!
Kazuko: Gh... Ugh, I can't move.
Margit: Now! Exterminate them!
Kazuko: Oh Avalokiteshvara, whose Insight brings us to Nirvana...
Kazuko: ...Hey, I can move now!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Mmph! You must have mastery of a undefiled Mantra to have broken my curse.
Kazuko: I am the daughter of the Kawakami Temple, you know!
Tadakatsu: All right!
Tadakatsu: I'm finally free to move.
Club Captain Kyougoku: And you dispelled my curse through sheer willpower? ...I shall retreat.
Margit: Is there anything they do not have a countermeasure prepared for?!
Tadakatsu: They've stopped attacking! Charge!
Margit: We will not lose! Push them back!
Kazuko: Mar! I seek a duel with you!
Margit: Very well!
Hideo: This situation is truly worthy of the title of Kawakami War!
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Suguru: The central front has grown fierce. They're a good match for each other.
Yamato: My one worry is Fushikawa, who's still bringing her troops south.
Takuya: I've got a report from the messenger we sent to check on the sophomores at the base of the western mountain that didn't respond to calls.
Takuya: ...They've been wiped out.
Yamato: All forty of them? Before they could even raise an alarm?!
Takuya: Then does the S Army have a squad like Capt's?
Yamato: Even if they do, our troops should've been able to get off a report.
Yamato: Instead, they were taken out before they knew it.
Suguru: There is something peculiar about that. Incidentally, we know this wasn't Kawakami Momoyo's doing.
Suguru: Scouts have her still at her camp, idly eating peaches.
Takuya: There's still something weird about this. The seniors were so close by. Why were they untouched?
Yamato: ...All this suggests they had some goal besides taking out all of our troops.
Yamato: But... What could that be?
*--2-S General Staff HQ*
Koyuki: Now that they've taken out the sophomores, they say they're all warmed up.
Touma: Is that so? The forty members of our swim team were hunted down, so I do suppose that makes us even.
Koyuki: The White and Black Forces are both heading north.
Touma: Both of those units far exceeded my expectations.
Touma: However, I believe they will now find themselves unable to grant assistance.
Touma: We are in position to achieve victory.
Touma: Now, let us contact *her* unit.
*--2-F's Base, Amakasu Mayo's Squad.*
Ikurou: So basically, it's hell out there, General!
Mayo: Thank you for the report.
Chika: Everyone's trying so hard. Maybe it's like how people keep fighting, even in the toughest situations?
Ikurou: While Blondie, you're just sitting back here, taking it easy.
Chika: Well my mission's to stay by Mayo's side, remember?
*2-F's giant flag fluttered in the wind.*
Haguro: The day we'll all be taking a memorial photo of us all in front of that flag is so close. It's totally giving me chills.
*Then a powerful wind began to blow.*
Chika: Eeek!
*It flipped Chika's skirt, completely exposing her... *bold* choice in underwear.*
Chika: Hey! I saw that! You took a photo, didn't you?
Ikurou: Sure, but it was just a photo of the battlefield. Something to remember it by.
Chika: Hey! Wait right there, mister!
Ikurou: Sorry, but I gotta head back now! See ya!
*Ikurou fled straight out of the base.*
Ikurou: Heheh. Another panty shot is mine. The Goblins are gonna love this.
Ikurou: ...Still, those were real slutty panties.
Ikurou: .........Okay, looks like I'm alone.
Ikurou: Maybe I'll let one out and sprinkle some protein over the grass before I head back.
*Ikurou pulled down both his pants and his briefs in one continuous movement.*
Ikurou: The wind feels great. Doing it outside is nice.
Ikurou: ...Mmm... I'll start out nice and slow...
Azumi: Holy shit, that's tiny.
Ikurou: What?!
*First, she destroyed him mentally.*
*Then, as Ikurou turned, she slashed him.*
Ikurou: Gwaaaah!
*As he fell onto his back, Ikurou ejaculated.*
Azumi: Whoa!
*The jizm flew at her face, but she slipped out of the way.*
*The boy's unconscious expression was one of ecstasy.*
Azumi: If that hit me, I'd be so embarrassed what I'd never show my frickin' face to Hideo-sama again.
*Azumi's phone vibrated. It was a call from her commander.*
Touma: Are you prepared?
Azumi: We've already got them locked down.
*Thirty of them were there, Azumi included.*
*Each of them was wearing a maid costume.*
Touma: Then kindly proceed.
Azumi: Roger.
Azumi: Slaughterers, let's go shock the living daylights outta those girls in the base.
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Takuya: Yamato! There's smoke coming from our base!
Yamato: What?!
Takuya: Class Rep, our general, is under attack!
Yamato: Impossible. Any intruders would've tripped our security net.
Yamato: Can we contact the base?
Suguru: I can't get hold of them! We're being jammed!
Yamato: A sudden, undetected strike. They've come to play.
Takuya: They must be the same people who annihilated the sophomores without anyone noticing.
Suguru: They must be the outside help we weren't able to identify.
Takuya: The White and Black Forces are both too far north to make it back in time.
Takuya: We can't move the seniors out of the western mountains, or Fushikawa will overrun us.
Suguru: What now? If we don't think of something, our base will fall.
Yamato: I have a plan.
*2-F Base, Amakasu Mayo's Unit.*
Azumi: No quarter!
*At Azumi's command, 24 maids proceeded forwards.*
Class F Student: W-Wah! Who are you g--gwah!
Guard: Leave it to me, Blue the Incrediaaaagh!
Guard 2: Kshaah! My sword will trace trails of cold syeagh!
*None of the F Army fighters at the base lasted more than a single blow.*
*Each of the maids was a servant of the Kuki family.*
*Making them professional warriors. Trained fighters who had seen real war and lived to tell the tale.*
*They were of the Kuki Servant Corps, the Kuki family's pride and joy.*
*And they had enlisted in S Army.*
Azumi: Set the place on fire!
*The blaze immediately consumed the entire base.*
*In the heart of the island where the base was located stood the helpless general.*
Haguro: Oh my gosh we're fucked! They're almost on top of up!
Haguro: I'm so not down with that. Like, screw you guys! I'm outta here!
Chika: Hey, wait... Hey! Get back here, Haguro!
Mayo: Wh-What do we do?
Chika: We definitely can't stay here...
Chika: So let's hide! We can swing around behind them!
*Haguro peeked out from where she hid.*
Haguro: ...Seriously? Everyone's, like, already dead?!
*It hadn't even been 30 seconds.*
*Yet all forty of the F Army troops in the base had been defeated.*
Haguro: Those guards we hired were shit!
Haguro: I'm so sneaking out of here before the find me...
Azumi: That flag must be 2-F's emblem.
Azumi: Burn it too. That'll show them.
*One of the maids reached towards the flag.*
Haguro: Stop, you fuckers!
*Haguro herself couldn't have said why she exposed herself.*
Haguro: We put our hearts and souls into making that!
*She ran up to the flag and clung to it.*
Haguro: Don't fuckin' burn it!
Maid 1: What, a cockroach? I'll take you out.
*One of the maids slashed her.*
Haguro: Gaahhh!
Maid 1: Haha, you scream like a slut.
Haguro: Gh... I... won't let you... burn... this... flag!
Maid 1: You're still conscious? You really are a cockroach.
*She slashed again and again.*
Haguro: Ahh!!! Owwww!
*Haguro's consciousness grew hazy.*
Maid 1: C'mon. Let go already, you piece of shit.
*Yet she held on.*
Maid 1: What, you're still holdin' on while you're unconscious?
Maid 1: Fuck this. Let's hit the rest of the base.
Chika: Mayo, you need to hide in this barrel.
Chika: Listen, I need you to promise me that, no matter what happens, you won't come out. Okay?
Mayo: But Chika-chan, they'll find me in no time.
Chika: Eventually, sure. But don't forget, we have Kazama on our side. He'll come here, quick as the wind. And I know Naocchi has a plan for this.
Chika: So you need to get in the barrel now, before they find us!
Mayo: But what about you?
Chika: I can find my own hiding spot.
Mayo: ...Okay. Please be safe.
Chika: I will. Just don't come out no matter what.
*Amakasu Mayo climbed into the barrel.*
*The two girls heard the maids' voices grow closer.*
Maid 1: Guess we oughta search every inch of this place.
Mayo: (They are going to find me. I know they will!)
*Then Mayo heard a different voice.*
Chika: As if we're gonna sit here and take it!
*It was Chika, screaming as her footsteps trailed off away from where Mayo hid.*
Maid 1: That's the target's best friend. The target must have fled in the same direction!
Maid 1: Friggin' pathetic. The shits don't got a clue what they're doin' out here.
*The maids grew distant.*
Chika: I so won't let you catch me!
*Her voice faded into the distance.*
*It took every ounce of willpower Amakasu Mayo had not to exit the barrel.*
*But she knew her friend was luring them away to buy her time.*
*She had promised she would stay inside, so stay inside she did.*
Mayo: --Chika-chan. Oh, Chika-chan...
*Chika had protected her ever since middle school.*
*Chika's cries didn't last much longer.*
Maid 1: Looks like the general ain't here.
Azumi: Search for her. There's no way she got out of the base.
*The maids split off to search every inch of the encampment.*
*It didn't take them long to find Mayo.*
Azumi: Here you are. Looks like you're through.
Maid 2: I did not think that schoolgirl had it in her to be bait. For that, I compliment her.
Maid 1: Runnin', hidin', it's all pathetic. You did it all in vain.
Mayo: Please don't speak ill of Chika-chan.
Maid 1: What?
*The maid glared at the small girl, but Mayo didn't back down.*
Azumi: Ain't you a good general? You got guts and everything.
Azumi: But this is the end of the line. There's not a warrior left what can keep you safe.
Yukie: --No, there is one.
Azumi: Huh?!
Yukie: I am Mayuzumi Yukie of F Army.
*Azumi and the other maids reflectively jumped back.*
*None of them had sensed her coming.*
*With a single strike, she took out both of the maids who had started tying Mayo up.*
Yukie: Everything that they did was not in vain.
Maid 1: What the fuck makes you think you're cool?
Maid 2: Shall we eliminate her?
*The two maids drew their daggers.*
*The first maid was Stacy. She had served in various Middle East conflicts with the A******* Special Forces, earning herself the nickname Bloody Stacy.*
*The other was Lee. She had been an assassin in the Forbidden City's underworld, with a success rate of 99.9%. Locals said she had strength like a dragon.*
*In perfect synchronization, the two struck at Yukie from both sides.*
*Their two blades arced.*
*The glint the cold steel traced in the air was, to Azumi, nothing less than beautiful.*
*Then all too soon, the two maids found themselves defeated.*
Azumi: (She's one we'll have to take out from afar.)
Azumi: Snipers, take shots at her from all directions.
Yukie: That signal is meaningless.
Azumi: What?
Yukie: I was worried they would be troublesome, so I have already defeated each of the five archers in the area.
Azumi: Okay, so that's what took you so long!
Azumi: You got smarts, taking them out first.
Yukie: My one miscalculation was the abnormal speed with which you took over the base.
Yukie: However, everyone in 2-F resisted to the bitter end.
Yukie: Thanks to them, I made it in time to keep Mayo-san safe.
Yukie: I swear that I will not let their efforts be in vain.
*The orders Mayuzumi Yukie had received from Yamato had said to protect their general from the shadows.*
*Since none of her allies had known she was there, neither had the spies, making her the trump card in F Army's defenses.*
Azumi: Everyone, surround her. We have to take her out.
*Twenty-odd women encircled Yukie.*
Yukie: A certain part of me does appreciate being in the center of the crowd...
Yukie: But in order to carry out my orders, I will hold nothing back.
Azumi: Get her!
*Azumi and her maids set upon Yukie at once.*
Azumi: Kh?!
*But Azumi wound up stopping in her tracks.*
*Never before had she seen a sword dance so beautiful.*
*That single blade elegantly and decisively took down maid after maid.*
*Bodies piled up on the ground.*
Maid 24: Calm down! We've got numbers -- attack her at once!
Maid 28: Haahhh!
*They struck at Yukie with various weapons.*
Yukie: Hutt!
*But the more that ran at her, the more she sent tumbling to the ground.*
*The blade swung so fast, none of them even had a chance to scream.*
*Heck, it almost looked like she struck them all at once.*
*How, Azumi wondered, could a sword move at such speed?*
Azumi: Mayuzumi -- You're the daughter of the Sword Saint, 11th Dan Mayuzumi...
*Azumi had done the research, but the girl had had a reputation for being docile, so she hadn't paid her much heed.*
Azumi: You've been hiding strength good enough to put your own father to shame...?
Azumi: Guess I've gotta take this seriously too, eh?!
*She threw an irregular, manji-shaped throwing star.*
*It buzzed through the air, passing well to Yukie's side.*
*Yet Azumi knew it would trace a slow, gentle arc through the air until it eventually returned to strike her target from behind.*
*Azumi jumped forward, timing her attack with the throwing star's.*
*One of her maids fearlessly joined in the charge as well.*
Yukie: Hah!
*Yukie's sword clanged against her kodachi.*
*Yukie then parried the smaller blade to the side.*
*And Azumi felt the kodachi strike the throwing star.*
Yukie: Mmph!
*A flash of her blade, and Yukie mowed down the maid who'd joined in the attack.*
*Her body fell lifelessly to the ground.*
Azumi: You little... Freshmen girls ain't supposed to be that strong.
Yukie: You see, my father can be kind, but he is also strict.
Yukie: He made sure I never neglected my training.
Azumi: Tch! Then how about this?!
*Azumi jumped high into the air and showered Amakasu Mayo with kunai.*
Mayo: Wawawawa!
Yukie: Please crouch down!
*Naturally, Yukie moved to protect her.*
Azumi: (They're all coated with neurotoxin. A single scratch will take you out!)
Yukie: Haaaahh!
*But Yukie deflected every kunai with her sword.*
Azumi: ...You're frickin' pissing me off!
Azumi: So girls, let's get in the strongest formation!
Yukie: --You are the only one left.
*Yukie had angled her blade so that every deflected kunai had ricocheted at one of the other maids.*
*Even being grazed would cause one to suffer the effects of the neurotoxin.*
*It had been Azumi's trump card. Not even her fellow maids had known about it.*
*And now all of them had been taken out.*
Azumi: What...? They're the best I've got, and you took them out without frickin' sweating?
*Yukie advanced silently.*
Azumi: ...Bring it on, brat!
*Azumi took her stance.*
Yukie: Haahh!
*Shouted Yukie as she slashed three times in an instant.*
Azumi: Tch!
*Azumi blocked the first strike with her left kodachi, the second one with her right, but...*
Azumi: There had to be frickin' three...: Ugh!
*She had nothing left to defend against the rising third strike.*
*Azumi tumbled backwards, wounded.*
Azumi: A scratch hurt me that much? ...Are you as frickin' strong as Azumi?!
*She could feel where the chain mail she wore beneath her uniform had broken.*
*Even now, Yukie moved to close the distance between them.*
Azumi: ...It's over.
*Azumi threw a grenade at the ground.*
*It exploded into a brilliant light.*
*When the smoke cleared, nobody was there.*
Mayo: Did... she run away?
Yukie: Yes. But my attack struck home.
Yukie: She will not fight again in this War.
*Yukie gazed over the surroundings.*
*Everyone lay unconscious, save for her and Mayo.*
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Yamato: We barely pulled through at the base...
*We'd restored communications and confirmed the general was all right.*
Takuya: What an amazing battle. Almost everyone, friend or foe, was taken out.
Suguru: But on a bright side, their raiders have now been taken care of.
Suguru: I believe it time to put our own plan in motion.
Yamato: Yeah. Let's show off what we've got in store.
Yamato: Any word on Fushikawa?
Takuya: She's entered the western mountains.
Yamato: Good. Send word to the S Army sophomore and senior units at her rear!
Yamato: Tell them it's time to turn traitor. Have them attack Fushikawa from behind.
Takuya: Wow. You got both of them to switch sides?
Yamato: Human connections are the path to victory. That's my way, you know? This plan will win us the War.
*--North of the western mountains, S Army Senior Unit.*
Kikkawa: Naoe gave us the signal!
Kikkawa: Okay, time for us seniors to turn on S Army and join F Army! Make the formal announcement!
Kikkawa: Aoi Touma. I hate good-looking intellectuals like you!
Kikkawa: And Kuki Hideo. I hate idiots born with a silver spoon in their mouths even more!
*--North of the western mountains, S Army Sophomore Unit.*
Kobayakawa: Yamato contacted us? Hmm...
Kobayakawa: We're going to wait and see! Don't betray S Army yet!
Kobayakawa: Ward off Kikkawa and his men, since they already switched sides!
Kobayakawa: We need to make sure we're on the winning side.
Kobayakawa: So let's keep a careful eye on the state of the War.
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Yamato: What? Kobayakawa's not changing sides?!
Takuya: It's worse than that. They're warding off Kikkawa's unit, which did switch sides.
Yamato: --! Then we can't face Fushikawa's brigade head-on!
Suguru: Calm down. The protagonists in my favorite VN's remain calm even in these most perilous moments.
Suguru: No plans survive contact with the enemy.
Cookie 2: Why don't you relax and reformulate your strategy?
Yamato: ...Yes, you're right. (I took several deep breaths.)
Yamato: Contact the White Forces.
*Western mountains, Fushikawa's Brigade.*
*She had divided her 200 men into the van, the main army, and the rear guard.*
Kosugi: Forty F Army seniors have taken defensive up positions in front of us! (Heh heh. There's no way Fushikawa's army can lose.)
Kokoro: Hohoho. Inform the ninety members of the van...
Kokoro: Their enemies number half as many as their own. Order them to crush the fools.
Kosugi: Yes, ma'am!
Kokoro: What of the traitors behind us?
Kosugi: Ma'am, Kikkawa betrayed us, so Kobayakawa, whose men are next to his, is keeping them in check.
Kokoro: Such a foolish act. But alas. Do have the 70 members of the rear guard remain alert, just in case.
Kosugi: Yes, ma'am!
Kokoro: Nevertheless, I am amazed by how majestic my forces are.
Kokoro: We shall continue our march all the way to the enemy base!
Kosugi: Report: The van is pushing back the enemy unit in front of us.
Kokoro: Good. Theirs is but the first blood we will spill.
Kokoro: Watching those monkeys fall sounds delightful.
Kosugi: Report: We've nearly finished wiping out the enemies to the fore!
Kokoro: Let none of them escape. We must make an example of them.
Kosugi: The van is chasing after the last of them.
Kosugi: Our brigade seems a bit overextended.
Kokoro: Indeed. Have the rear guard join with us here.
Kosugi: Yes, ma'am. Kobayakawa's unit should be able to deal with Kikkawa's by themselves.
Kokoro: Then I shall rest until the rear guard arrives.
Kokoro: This valley is well-suited to such purposes.
Kokoro: Now come, come, play exquisite music for my refined rest.
*--2-S General Staff HQ*
Touma: Goodness gracious, Azumi-san's unit has been annihilated?
Koyuki: But they were supposed to win the everything.
Koyuki: Kokoro's unit texted us their current situation.
Touma: Let us see...
Touma: How are things this appalling? My head hurts thinking about it!
Koyuki: Huh? What's wrong? Tell me!
Touma: I trusted her with a large unit, but she has overextended them.
Touma: Furthermore, her key central force is resting away in the valley. One would think they are inviting an enemy ambush... They must be contacted immediately.
Koyuki: Will it be in time?
Touma: One can only hope, yet it is Naoe Yamato that we face. I fear it may already be too late.
*Western mountain, Dengaku Valley, Fushikawa's Central Unit...*
Kokoro: It is far too noisy. What is the meaning of this?!
Kosugi: We're under attack! Kazama and his Black Forces ambushed us!
Kokoro: Hohoho, the fools! Have our enormous army encircle them!
Kosugi: Well, the van is too far ahead, and the rear guard won't be here for a while yet.
Kokoro: Oh, so they are!
Shouichi: Guys, we don't care about no one 'cept their commander!
*The Black Forces trampled through Kokoro's disorganized lines.*
Gakuto: Okay, we can make it there! Leave this to me!
Kokoro: Nwah! Stay away from me, Gorilla!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 2: Protect Kokoro-sama!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 3: I'm known for my defense!
Gakuto: Double lariat!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 2: What theyeagh!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 3: No wa--ugh!
Kokoro: M-My, those bodyguards were useless.
Gakuto: Say your prayers, dammit!
Kokoro: W-Wahh! Stop!
Gakuto: (She's still a girl. I'll be gentle.)
*The moment Gakuto reached out...*
Kokoro: You fell for it! Noble shoulder throw! Taahh!
Gakuto: Whoooaaaa?!
*She gorgeously lobbed him through the air.*
Kokoro: And I will combo that into an elegant leg lock!
Gakuto: Yeeooouuuccchhh!
*A sharp pain shot through Gakuto's leg. It didn't feel good.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. That is a leg from you, gorilla.
Kosugi: Let's regroup with the rear guard and take them out!
Kokoro: Indeed! And to that end, let us first--
Kosugi: --Retreat, ma'am?
Kokoro: This is not a retreat! Rather a move for my future!
Shouichi: The target's running! After her!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 5: No you won't!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 6: Don't let them through!
Shouichi: Don't get in our way!
*In the end, Fushikawa Kokoro managed to disappear into the forest.*
Shouichi: ...Tch. She got away.
*Shouichi kicked away the enemies coming at him.*
Shouichi: The guys in their vanguard are starting to show. Time's up!
*Someone came at him from behind, but he took him out with a spinning rear kick.*
*With the van's return, the Black Forces were quickly growing outnumbered.*
Shouichi: Pull out, before they surround us!
*Shouichi's unit formed up at his signal.*
Gakuto: ......
Shouichi: What's wrong, Gakuto? We're getting outta here!
Gakuto: I can't. She got my leg. I can't run.
Shouichi: Okay, then three or four of us'll carry you.
Gakuto: Forget it! You'll lose the mobility that the Black Forces are known for!
*Thirty or forty more troops were returning from the front lines.*
*The entire van would be here soon.*
*And if the fight continued long enough, the rear guard would arrive to.*
Shouichi: ...Then that's that. We make our last stand here.
Gakuto: Nah. You leave me behind and lead the rest of the guys out of here.
Gakuto: The rest of the army still needs the Black Forces.
Shouichi: Screw that. I never leave a man behind.
Gakuto: ...Staying behind with me sounds nice and noble, but...
Gakuto: I've never liked that kind of story, not even once.
Shouichi: Gakuto...
Gakuto: I'm askin' you, as a man -- as a friend.
Gakuto: Go!
Shouichi: ...Got it.
Shouichi: Retreat! We're slipping outta here!
*The Black Forces vanished as suddenly as they'd appeared.*
*Only the injured Gakuto remained.*
*The enemies charged at Gakuto.*
Gakuto: What is it, 70 to 1?
*Three of them came at him with sticks.*
*But when they hit his shoulders, the wood splintered and broke.*
Gakuto: You think you've abandoned me?
Gakuto: Stop with the jokes, Capt! I'm here to win!
*One blow of his muscular arm blew away three of his foes.*
*Next, several people went to tackle him at once.*
*But this didn't bother Gakuto in the slightest.*
Gakuto: Chris kicks ten times stronger than you!
*He shoved five or six of them off him all at once.*
Gakuto: You think you weaklings can defeat my muscular brilliance?!
*Though he was too slow to keep up with the highly-mobile Black Forces...*
*He knew he could fight on.*
*Gakuto felt no sorrow, no regret.*
Gakuto: C'mon! Fight me!
*If anything, he relished this moment of glory.*
*--Western mountain forest, Fushikawa Kokoro.*
Kokoro: Huff, huff... Is anyone in pursuit of us?
Kosugi: We're fine for now.
Kokoro: There are fifteen or sixteen with us...?
Kokoro: Hm? What is this slimy creature?
Kosugi: It's a mountain leech.
Kokoro: Nyowa! How dare such a filthy thing shock me with its presence?!
Kosugi: (Nyowa...)
Kokoro: Why must a woman as noble as I be forced to walk through the woods?
Kosugi: But it's dangerous to go back the way we came.
Kosugi: Let's take a detour, regroup with the rear guard, and mount a counterattack.
Kokoro: Good.
Kokoro: Hohoho... Nevertheless, what a laughingstock Naoe Yamato is.
Kosugi: Why's that?
Kokoro: If he were truly as brilliant as Aoi-kun, he surely would have anticipated we would flee here and would have positioned troops here to ambush us.
Kosugi: That makes sense.
Kokoro: Their ambush of us was a fluke, to be sure.
Chris: I see. Yamato was right -- you have come here.
Kokoro: Geh! Chris!
Kokoro: Ah! Oh, no! How could I have said something that vulgar?
Chris: White Forces, charge!
Kosugi: Please flee--ugh!
Kokoro: Awah! My emergency human shield!
Kokoro: Th-This must be some false nightmare! I of the noble house of Fushikawa could never fall in a place like this!
*Chris charged at the flustered girl.*
Chris: Prepare yourself!
Kokoro: This cannot be! No! Stop! This cannot be!
Chris: Haaaahhh!
Kokoro: Nyowaaaahhhh!
Chris: I, Chris, have laid the enemy commander low!
Kokoro: ׫...
Chris: Yamato has ordered us to bring Fushikawa Kokoro to the General Staff HQ.
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Takuya: Chris says she defeated Fushikawa Kokoro.
Yamato: She couldn't have done it without Capt's excellent surprise attack.
Takuya: He really is our leader.
Yamato: And I can direct her White Forces as easily as my own hands.
Yamato: Anyways, make sure that idiot Kobayakawa learns about this. Maybe it will remind him which side he's supposed to betray.
Suguru: Wait. Even with Fushikawa's defeat, there are still 150 able-bodied enemy warriors in those mountains. We can't let them restore their chain of command.
Yamato: That's why I'm going to break their hearts.
Yamato: Suguru, prepare to broadcast live on the Internet.
*--North of the western mountains, S Army Sophomore Unit.*
Kobayakawa: ...What? Fushikawa Kokoro's been defeated?
Kobayakawa: Then the F Army's turned things around.
Kobayakawa: All right! Then we're siding with F Army.
Kikkawa: Oh, that damned Kobayakawa and his sophomores finally turned traitor.
Kikkawa: What? Naoe's sent orders? Of course he'd be on the money.
Kikkawa: Let me see. He wants us to join up with Kobayakawa's men and then...
*--The central front.*
Hideo: Fight as pairs! Be sure to strike down your foe!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Captain! Kuki's taken command, and now they're way more organized!
Tadakatsu: A couple of you, come with me. We're gonna break up their formation.
*Tadakatsu went to cut deep into the enemy lines.*
Hideo: Fight them not! Ward them off!
Tadakatsu: Dammit! How'm I supposed to do any damage?!
*But rather than cut through them, he found his momentum stalled. As if they were luring him in.*
Hideo: Now surround them!
Tadakatsu: Backs together, guys. Put your weapons out and spin!
*They spun like a wheel, letting them break out of the entrapment.*
Hideo: Impressive! Troops, assault them with neither mercy nor restraint!
Tadakatsu: There ain't no hole to him through.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: If we don't do something, they'll overwhelm us with sheer numbers!
Kazuko: Kh! If I can just go to town on them...
Margit: You will not!
Margit: I may not be at full strength, but I am certain I can hold you to a standstill.
Kazuko: Looks like someone's modest after that beating Onee-sama gave them!
Hideo: Good, continue to occupy her.
*F Army soldiers fell one after another.*
Hideo: Now fight them three on one! Fundamentally, always fight as a group!
Tadakatsu: Shit -- Close ranks!
Hideo: Press the attack! Fight the fight you were born to fight!
*As the battle wore on, S Army's numerical advantage grew more and more significant.*
*Before long, Minamoto found himself down to his last ten men.*
*Hideo still had seventy or eighty ready to fight.*
Hideo: You fought well. Though this moment is your last, be proud of what you have accomplished.
Tadakatsu: Tch...
Margit: This is the end. But I will call you a rabbit no more. You are a warrior, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Argh... We're really in a tight spot.
*Kazuko had broken off her duel, and now she, Tadakatsu, and all the rest were surrounded.*
*But then, she heard cheers from the west as the very ground began to rumble.*
Kobayakawa: I'm Kobayakawa from F Army. Naoe sent me and my guys here to help!
Kikkawa: And I'm Kikkawa, F Army, bringing you some reinforcements!
Hideo: What? Kobayakawa, Kikkawa -- How dare you?!
Margit: This is bad...
*The two companies, along with some recruits who'd joined up from Fushikawa's brigade, numbered around 120.*
*Their arrival had completely turned the tide.*
Hideo: Stall their charge!
*The fresh newcomers clashed with Hideo's tired men.*
*Though Hideo quickly realized what his troops needed to do in order to win, he was simply outgunned.*
*Now it was the S Army that was dropping like flies.*
*--2-S General Staff HQ*
Touma: Even Kobayakawa betrayed us, then?
Koyuki: Are we in super-duper big trouble?
Touma: Let us consider that, though the core of Fushikawa's brigade was eliminated, that force remains a hundred strong.
Touma: I believe I will bring them back into the battle.
Koyuki: Wait, Touma. I think they're doing something.
Touma: What is this? A live broadcast?
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Kokoro: Nnngh... Yeargh! Get your hands off me.
*Troops brought Fushikawa Kokoro to me, her hands tied behind her back.*
Yamato: Suguru, make sure you're getting and broadcasting this.
Suguru: Leave it to me. I've already sent word to the entire army that we're about to start broadcasting.
Kokoro: What do you intend to do to me?!
Yamato: There's nothing we can do. Harming a captive is fundamentally against the rules.
Kokoro: Hohoho, that it is. You can do nothing to my noble personage!
Yamato: Except that part where we did take you hostage.
Kokoro: Nnngh. This is humiliating...
Yamato: There's no need to look down on me so much. Please, relax. No need to make a fuss. We go to the same school, don't we? Why can't we be friends?
Kokoro: Huh? You would compare yourself to me, a noble? You monkeys are not even good enough to be my fake!
Yamato: Now, now. We'll treat you with all the courtesy and respect due to a hostage.
Yamato: So please.
Yamato: Admit your defeat.
Kokoro: Ngh!
Yamato: Concede that you are nothing more than a pitiful hostage.
Kokoro: Nnnngh!
Yamato: I do need you not to make a fuss. If you do make a fuss, we will have to silence you more... directly.
Kokoro: No, you will be silent! First, I was not defeated! Kawakami Momoyo and Aoi-kun both yet fight for my army! You will be snorkeling in the River Styx!
Yamato: ...I did warn you, hostage.
*I drew closer to Fushikawa.*
Kokoro: Wh-What are you doing? Do not touch me, you insolent wretch!
*I pulled her close, then laid her face-down over my lap.*
Kokoro: You will release me this instant!
*The camera clearly captured her struggles to escape.*
Yamato: Be quiet. This is your last warning.
Kokoro: How dare you speak down at me?!
Yamato: If you won't listen to reason, I'll have to punish you.
Kokoro: Are you dense?! Striking or kicking a hostage is forbidden!
Yamato: Then I won't strike or kick. I'll even be soft. Hah!
*I slapped her ass.*
Kokoro: Ouch!
Kokoro: Wh-What are you doing, you insolent wretch?!
Yamato: I'm spanking you. Have you never been spanked before?
Kokoro: A noblewoman would never suffer such humiliating treatment!
Yamato: Huh. Take this!
*My hand again slapped her butt for all the world to see.*
Kokoro: Cease this immediately...
Yamato: I want to, but you won't be quiet, so I don't have any choice.
Yamato: 3! 4! 5! 6! 7! 8!
*I began giving her rhythmical, powerful slaps.*
*Smacked my hand against her shapely hips.*
Kokoro: Ouch, ouch, ouch! Stop now! Now! NOW!
Yamato: 9! 10! 11! 12! 13!
**Spank!* *Spank!* *Spank!* *Spank!* *Spank!**
Kokoro: Ahhh! F-Fine. All right!
Kokoro: I shall hold my tongue. Okay?
*Fushikawa looked up at me and said something or another.*
*But I continued to look down at her, expressionless, and spanked away.*
Kokoro: Wah! Ugh... Oooh... Stop...
*I strengthened my blows, hit her as hard as I could.*
Kokoro: *hic*... *sniff*... Waahhhhh!
*Fushikawa broke into tears.*
Kokoro: No... It hurts, so why won't you stop? Waahhh...
Yamato: Do you want me to stop?
Kokoro: *sniff, sniff* (She nodded.)
Yamato: Then repeat after me.
Yamato: 'I have suffered total defeat. Please don't hurt me'.
Kokoro: I-I would never speak such--
*With a snap of the wrist, I spanked her again.*
Kokoro: Ugh... Ooh... I-I have suffered total defeat.
Kokoro: Pl-Please... don't hurt me...
Yamato: Sorry, I couldn't hear you at the end there.
Kokoro: Please don't hurt me!
Yamato: (Suguru, cut the broadcast here.)
Suguru: (Roger.)
*Western valley, Shimazu Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Huff... Huff... Okay, so who's next? C'mon!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 12: How tough is this guy?
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 13: Hey, we've got new orders. we're supposed to withdraw.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 14: Why? We've got him surrounded.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 13: Listen to this.
*He played the video of Kokoro admitting defeat.*
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 15: Did you hear that? Sounded like, 'I completely lost. Please don't hurt me'.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 16: Our captain broke down in tears and begged for mercy? Seriously?
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 17: Do we even wanna keep doing this?
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 18: What the hell? I thought you were better than that, Fushikawa.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 19: And she's always talking about how great her family is too.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 20: This is stupid. Let's get out of here.
*The enemies Gakuto had been facing began to leave.*
Gakuto: ...Whoa -- hey! You think you can run from me?!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 17: You think we still wanna fight after that?!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 18: We're retreating to outside the battlefield!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 19: Later!
Gakuto: ...What the hell? They all left.
Gakuto: Well, whatever. I should get goin', too.
*He set off to reunite with the rest of the army.*
*But he fell almost immediately.*
*All the kicks and punches he'd suffered fighting against the whole of Fushikawa's brigade had amounted to too much for him to bear.*
Gakuto: Dammit, I can't move... I suppose this is the end for me.
Gakuto: Yamato, Capt, the rest is up to you...
*--2-S General Staff HQ*
Touma: That was quite the devilish scheme.
Koyuki: Ah... Scouts say the Fushikawa Brigade troops are deserting.
Touma: I suppose they would.
Touma: Witnessing one's commanding officer cry and beg would make anyone fed up.
Koyuki: What now? Well?
Touma: This calls for the implementation of my next... Hmm?
Koppou Club Member: We are F Army's Koppou Club -- their dark forces.
Koppou Club Captain: HI! KILL YOU!
Koppou Club Member: Move to eliminate 2-S's general staff.
Koyuki: Touma, these strangers look really strong.
Touma: It would appear our opponents have sent raiders of their own.
Koppou Club Captain: KILL THEM ALL!
*The Koppou Club raiders were only ten strong. The Army's General Staff numbered thirty.*
*However, the staff's skills lay in processing intelligence, not raw combat.*
*They were quickly suppressed.*
Koyuki: Wow, they're all going 'POW'!
Touma: And we're all going 'waahhhh' and then 'zzzz'.
Touma: It would seem I have let myself have too much fun.
Touma: I ought to have taken this more seriously.
Koyuki: You always play around way too much, Touma.
Koppou Club Member: Is this the time to be talking about that? You're the only two left.
Koppou Club Captain: DEATH TIME!
Koyuki: Touma... Are we in trouble?
Touma: Yes, we are at that.
Koyuki: Uh-oh. Touma, you're not supposed to be troubled ever.
Koppou Club Member: Before we take you out, I'll ask Naoe what he wants done with you.
*--Eastern mountaintop, F Army General HQ.*
Kokoro: Ooh... L-Let go already.
Yamato: I know it hurts. I'm trying to make you feel better here.
Kokoro: Gnngh...
*I rubbed Fushikawa's butt as I took the Koppou Club's call.*
Yamato: Okay, so it's only Aoi and Sakakibara left.
Koppou Club Member: Yeah. What do we do? Take them out? Or drag them to you?
Yamato: Hmm, let's see...
Yamato: Well, I don't need anything from them now. Have them retire from the battle posthaste.
Koppou Club Member: Sure, will d--Huh?! What's going on?!
Yamato: Hm...?
Koppou Club Member: What?! Y-You took out the president in a single bl--ahhhh!
Yamato: Hey! Hello? What's going on?!
Koppou Club Member: Who are you g--gaaahhhhh!
Yamato: Hey! Hey!!! Argh! What happened?
*The phone call cut off.*
*Unconsciously, my fingers squeezed tight on Kokoro's ass.*
Kokoro: Ahh?!
Yamato: Oh, my bad.
Yamato: I should probably stop now, before I cross too many lines.
*Her troops had scattered like mist.*
*My plan, to make their commander so pathetic that they didn't even want to fight anymore, had gone off without a hitch.*
*What had happened with the enemy staff was still a mystery, but the majority of them had been eliminated. That was enough.*
Yamato: ...The War's moving to the final stage.
Monk: ...Then it's almost time.
Yamato: Yes. Nee-san will soon enter the fray.
Yamato: We ourselves should also move to the central front.
Suguru: Oh, so it's finally time for us to join the fight?
Yamato: Well, first we'll have to take a close look from the back lines at how things are going.
*--The central front.*
*The F Army's ferocious attack had brought the S Army down to only 40 members.*
*The survivors were Margit and people as elite as her, but the exhaustion of battle was weighing on them.*
Kikkawa: Fushikawa's Brigade was knocked out! The war's good as over!
Kobayakawa: The F Army's gonna win!
Hideo: Heheh... We cannot imagine a scenario where you are not defeated.
Hideo: Yet We say to you, commoners, that the valor and courage that brought you this far are worthy of praise.
Tadakatsu: Ain't it a little late to talk that kinda bull?
Hideo: We have yet to unveil three of Our external recruits!
*Three silhouettes came flying in from behind him.*
Tadakatsu: Wait -- ain't they Cookies?!
Kazuko: You're right. But they're the wrong color?
Hideo: Cookie was designed to be a household robot! These ones were redesigned such that they would be Our bodyguard!
Hideo: They are called Dark Cookies. Crush your targets!
Kikkawa: We aren't scared of no robots!
Kobayakawa: We the F Army will destroy them!
Kazuko: Ahh, don't charge in recklessly!
Dark Cookie 1: Hmph. Good grief... Our foes are largely amateurs?
Dark Cookie 2: This is not to my liking, but I have no choice. Fate demands this of me.
Dark Cookie 3: We were born to fight. Shall we engage them, and crush our targets?
*All three Dark Cookies moved at once.*
*Each held a copy of the same saber our Cookie had.*
Dark Cookie 2: Darkness Dynamic!
Dark Cookie 3: Hear me roar! Darkness Dynamic!
Kikkawa: What the--gwaahhh!
Kobayakawa: You're kid--ugh!
*Two of the Dark Cookie rushed forth with superhuman speed, taking out Kobayakawa and Kikkawa with a single hit and continued forward.*
Kazuko: Oh no! They're routing our allies!
Dark Cookie 1: I would like you to fight me, young lady.
Kazuko: Nngh, this is gonna be tricky.
Dark Cookie 1: That sort of attitude will be the death of you. I am not programmed to show mercy.
Tadakatsu: Tch. Get Kikkawa's unit under control before they're annihilated.
Hideo: Do you think We would allow that, simpleton? Do not forget Our presence!
Tadakatsu: Tch. Damn those creepy-ass toys of yours.
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 60: There! That's Kuki's Brigade!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 80: Aoi-kun ordered us to rendezvous!
Kokoro Brigade Soldier 90: We're here to help!
Hideo: Mwahaha! It would appear the survivors of Fushikawa's brigade are here as Our reinforcements!
Hideo: Momentum and numbers are again Ours!
*Dark Cookie blocked every swing of Kazuko's naginata.*
Kazuko: Ugh. I have to take him out, fast!
*Behind them, the other two Dark Cookies were wreaking havoc on her allies.*
*They weren't likely to last much longer.*
Kazuko: Haaahhh! Kawakami Style: The Great Wheel!
*Kazuko spun her naginata with tremendous speed.*
*Then, losing none of that speed, she slammed the edge towards the side of the Dark Cookie's face.*
Dark Cookie 1: Mm?!
*He somehow managed to throw his saber in the way.*
Dark Cookie 1: When you spin your naginata, it is difficult to know when your strike will come.
Dark Cookie 1: Yet by the same token, to attack myself would be a challenge...
Kazuko: I'm not done yet!
*Again she transitioned from spinning her naginata into a vicious side-slice at his face.*
*The momentum from the swing had the potential to finish him off, but...*
Dark Cookie 1: I've figured it out!
*He blocked it again, this time far more adroitly.*
Kazuko: I'm just getting started! Next, I'll...
Dark Cookie 1: (Following this next block, I will counter. That will be the end of her.)
Dark Cookie 1: (I must focus on the space to the side of my face to see the blow coming, and charge up the counter...)
Kazuko: Seyaaahhh!
*Another slash. But this time, she came at him from above.*
Dark Cookie 1: Shoot -- I'm not going to make it in t--
*The full-force attack cut the Dark Cookie's body in half like it was a stalk of bamboo.*
Kazuko: Yes! One down, two to...?!
*But it was too late. Both companies had been entirely wiped out by the two robots.*
*Not to mention thee reinforcements Kuki had found in the Fushikawa Brigade survivors.*
*The tide had turned yet again.*
Kazuko: How dare you!
Dark Cookie 2: My warrior sensor is buzzing: You are no amateur.
Dark Cookie 3: She is strong. Let us attack her in a pincer and take her out.
Kazuko: Tch. I guess you're not looking for a fair fight.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko...
Margit: You think you can leave?!
Tadakatsu: Tch!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Even Kazuko-san can't beat two of them at once!
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: We'll hold the line here. Captain, please. Go help Kazuko-san.
Tadakatsu: Guys, I...
Tadakatsu: ...I owe you one.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Heheh, hear that? We're in the Captain's good books.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: This was fun. We fought through the whole thing.
Hideo: You show splendid determination, and are clearly worthy of serving with Kazuko-dono.
Hideo: We will thus show you the highest compliment imaginable -- to fight you without holding back!
Dark Cookie 2: Now, let us simultaneously strike from both sides!
Dark Cookie 3: Think you can dodge this? Let's go! Dark--
Kazuko: Ugh! This might be too much for me...
*But then, Tadakatsu threw himself at one of the Dark Cookies.*
Dark Cookie 3: What do you think you're doing?!
Tadakatsu: This one's mine! You focus on the other!
*He twisted the robot's arms behind his back, pinioning him.*
Dark Cookie 3: You fool! My electric shock will roast you alive!
Tadakatsu: Gh...?!
Dark Cookie 3: Hahaha. Now, release me.
Tadakatsu: That ain't happenin'! I'm takin' you out!
Dark Cookie 3: Absurd! The very thought is inconceivable.
Dark Cookie 3: Your bruised, battered, and broken body cannot possibly stop me!
Tadakatsu: ...'Cause fucked up as my body is, at least it's waterproof.
Dark Cookie 3: What...?
Tadakatsu: You and me, we're gonna go swimmin' in the river.
Kazuko: Ta-chan...! I have to take you out quickly.
Dark Cookie 2: Know that such impatience can only lead to defeat.
*Tadakatsu walked towards the river, making sure not to let his hold on the Dark Cookie slip.*
Tadakatsu: Right, here's the riverbank.
Dark Cookie 3: Kh. Then I am forced to strike you with my final Ultimate.
Dark Cookie 3: Internal limiters disabled! Full Power Electric Shock!
Tadakatsu: Gwooohhhhh!
Dark Cookie 3: Hahaha! Now, human -- release me!
Tadakatsu: Ain't happenin'! We're goin' in that water, like it or not!
Dark Cookie 3: You intend to kill us both?!
*Tadakatsu threw himself and the Dark Cookie into the water.*
*A short while later, Tadakatsu bobbed to the surface, alone.*
Tadakatsu: Who said anythin' 'bout me dyin'? I told you, I'm waterproof.
*Kazuko's fight with the other Dark Cookie had grown fierce.*
Dark Cookie 2: Your stamina is depleting! Flesh and blood can never measure up to machines!
Kazuko: Fngghhh... This is nothing.
Dark Cookie 2: Peripheral sensors have contacted someth--ugh!
*Suddenly, an arrow zipped in from the side and struck the robot.*
*Kazuko didn't even need to look at where the arrow had come from to know what had just happened.*
Kazuko: Thanks, Miyako! Haaahhh!
*She mustered what little strength she had left into one final overhead swing.*
Dark Cookie 2: Gwah... Well done...
Dark Cookie 2: We reach the fullest extent of our power only when fighting as a group... If only... we had fought... ad a full... unit...
Kazuko: Hufff, huff, huff, huff...
Tadakatsu: Oh, you kicked his shiny metal ass.
Tadakatsu: ...You're damn strong, Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...Heheh... Well, you know.
*The two of them had finally reached their limit.*
Hideo: Well fought. However, We have already taken care of your men.
Tadakatsu: ......!!!
Kazuko: Kh...
Margit: They fell with honor. You trained them well.
*Tadakatsu and Kazuko were the only two left now.*
Margit: All that remains is to -- Kh!
*Margit batted away the incoming arrow with her tonfas.*
Margit: To finish you two off without being picked off by your sniper.
*Gathering what little strength remained to him, Tadakatsu stumbled to his feet and placed himself between the German and Kazuko.*
Kazuko: Ta-chan...
Hideo: Then you shall be the first to fall!
Chris: That will not do!
Hideo: ...?!
Chris: Christiane and the White Forces are here to fight!
*Chris charged in from the side.*
Kazuko: Kuri!
Chris: Dog! It is time to repay the favor I owe you!
Hideo: Do not panic! We anticipated this might happen! Form up ranks and deal with them!
Hideo: They are only twenty girls, and they are surely fatigued!
Chris: I should have known your main army would be this resilient...: However!
Shouichi: Kazama Shouichi and the Black Forces, just in time!
Margit: We expected you as well! Turn their charge aside!
Margit: It is a good thing the Fushikawa Brigade survivors are here!
Shouichi: Yo, Gen-san!
Tadakatsu: Kazuko's safe. Not that I had anythin' to do with it.
Shouichi: You still made sure of it. You're a man of your word.
Tadakatsu: But this is as far as I go. I can't fight anymore.
Shouichi: Rest up. We got this covered.
Kazuko: Capt... I want to keep fighting, but...
Shouichi: You sit your butt down and rest too! I know you're running on empty.
Shouichi: Leave the rest to us!
*Kazuko and Tadakatsu were dead tired and could fight no longer.*
Chris: Do not fear them! Charge again!
*The White and Black Forces boldly charged once more.*
Hideo: Spear troops, create a wall of spears to impede their attack!
*As elite as the two squads were, the battle had worn on them.*
Hideo: Push! Deny them the freedom of mobility!
*And they were outnumbered.*
Chris: Tch... We are close. So, so close!
Shouichi: One more step, and Kuki'd be ours!
Hideo: A near effort, but you no longer have the forces to manage such.
Shouichi: Nope -- surprise! Check out what we got now!
Yamato: Naoe Company, enter the fray!
Hideo: Yamato...! How oft must you interfere with Our plans?!
*My company was composed of 2-F's General Staff.*
*I, Naoe Yamato, lead our charge personally.*
*Which was what a commander should do in a situation like this.*
*I could see the Black and White Forces both, along with Kuki's contingent.*
*So I announced our presence.*
*There were 30 of us in total. We weren't fighters, by and large, but...*
Yamato: Cookie, charge!
Cookie 2: Heh! I will bite the hand that created me!
Yamato: Focus on damaging a wide area! Even if that means they're still standing, that's fine!
Cookie 2: Yes, my meister!
Yamato: If you aren't confident you can win in a fair fight, focus on finishing off the people Cookie damages!
Suguru: That was always my intent! Heck, simply running here has left me exhausted!
Yamato: From what I can see, we can win with an all-out attack! Don't ease your pace, 'cause the enemies are brutal!
Takuya: What about you, Yamato?
Yamato: I'm fighting too!
*Two enemy troops approached me.*
*One swung at me with a piece of lumber.*
*But compared to Nee-san, he moved so slowly. I easily slid out of the way.*
Yamato: Haahh!
*He'd left himself open. I struck at him with the rock I held clenched inside my fist.*
*The other foe was muscle-bound. The wrestler type.*
*But I had some pocket sand ready in my other hand, and threw it in his eyes.*
*He flinched, and that gave me the chance to knee him in the face, knocking him clean off his feet.*
*...If he hadn't been so tired, I probably would've lost that.*
Yamato: Okay, who's next?!
*More enemies came at me.*
*But I'd spent my whole life interacting with samurai girls.*
*I was confident in nothing if not my reflexes.*
*I dodged their strikes, then landed critical hits.*
Shouichi: Squad 1, join up with Yamato! Don't let them take him out!
Hideo: Tch. Close ranks!
Yamato: Don't let them! White Forces, burst through this gap and split the enemy into two groups!
Chris: Affirmative! You ten, with me!
Hideo: (The fools! We shall surround them!)
Yamato: Once you're in, there'll be a way out on your right. Don't overstay your welcome!
Yamato: Cookie, go on the attack to give them their opening!
Margit: You talk far too much for the battlefield!
*Margit came at me, but the Black Forces got in her way.*
Margit: Kh! How? How are you so coordinated?!
*We'd positioned ourselves to have the upper hand.*
*This had to be the moment.*
Yamato: She'll be here any second! Signal the Monks!
*--S Army, Kawakami Momoyo.*
Momoyo: Heh heh heh...
Momoyo: What a battle. They've put our king in check.
Touma: Hideo will surely fall in short order.
Koyuki: Mm-hm!
Momoyo: Heh. I'm glad I've waited as long as I have.
Momoyo: Fruits are always best to eat when they're ripe...
Momoyo: I could take them out in an instant, but... I don't want to be mean to those cute puppies.
Momoyo: Hahaha! Time for Kawakami Momoyo to have some fun!
Koyuki: Wow... She flew off.
Koyuki: Now we super win.
Touma: You could have said much the same to me, not too long ago.
Touma: But then I let myself have too much fun, and that spelled my defeat.
Touma: We can only hope the same doesn't befall her.
*The central front--*
*Everyone, on both sides, froze mid-step.*
Momoyo: Now, mind if I join the fun?
Momoyo: Yamato... Let's. Have. Some. Fun.
Yamato: ......
Yamato: As if!
Momoyo: What?
Yamato: Monks, go with Plan 2!
Monk: Kawakami Ultimate: Heaven's Gate!
*All of the trainee monks executed the skill at once.*
*A huge wall of ki surrounded us and Hideo.*
Momoyo: ...A barrier.
Momoyo: By sheer force of numbers, and by sacrificing your own ability to do anything, you placed a barrier field between me and them.
Monk: Even as strong as you are, Momoyo-dono, this will restrain you for two minutes.
Momoyo: A purely defense technique just give some brief invulnerability? That's boring.
Monk: (We're assistant master level martial artists, yet she can break a barrier twenty of us made in two minutes... She's a nightmare!)
Yamato: We just have to beat Hideo before those two minutes are up!
Momoyo: Are you stupid? I can hunt down your cute little General in ten seconds.
Momoyo: Even if she's hiding, I can still sense her aura.
Momoyo: In other words, all your struggling means nothing.
Yamato: Then you're welcome to try.
Yamato: But you'll fail. Trust me.
Yamato: As I told you before, I am going to defeat you.
Momoyo: ...Yamato, you have seriously pissed me off.
Momoyo: Fine. Even though I could break through this in a minute...
Monk: (Y-You can what?!)
Momoyo: It sounds like you've got a plan. I'll head on over to your general.
Momoyo: There'll be plenty of time to mess with you after I win.
*With that, Nee-san jumped high into the air.*
Momoyo: Their general is... There.
*In the blink of an eye, she rocketed off towards Class Rep.*
Yamato: All right!!! Now we just need to defeat Kuki as fast as we can!
Shouichi: So long as Momo-senpai's stayin' outta this, we just gotta keep up the pressure!
Chris: This is the final battle, in every sense of the word! Fight with all your strength!
*--2-F Base.*
Momoyo: Hi! I literally flew all the way to you.
Mayo: ......!!!
Yukie: Momo-senpai...
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu.
Yukie: I will be your opponent.
Momoyo: ...I like your guts.
Momoyo: But it'll take more than you to stop me.
Yukie: It would seem that has been arranged.
Momoyo: What? ?! I know that aura...
Momoyo: Kh... Hah hah hah hah! Now I get it!
Momoyo: This is why Yamato was so confident.
*For here...*
*Was Naoe Yamato's final, greatest play...*
Ageha: Mwahahahahaha! We, Kuki Ageha, grace you with Our presence.
Momoyo: Long time no see... I haven't seen you since, what, since I beat you?
Ageha: Yes, that is so.
Momoyo: So you've turned on your brother, Ageha-san?
Ageha: Much as you have turned on yours.
Momoyo: ...I guess I did, now that you mention it.
Ageha: He asked that We stop you.
Ageha: We were itching for a fight, so this was an apt opportunity.
Momoyo: Yamato, you got Kuki Ageha of the Kuki Conglomerate to join your fight... That's some political skill you've got there.
Momoyo: But even this scheme isn't one I can't shatter!
Momoyo: You're not strong enough!
Ageha: A dangerous light rests in your eyes, Momoyo.
Ageha: We must bloody your nose, then.
Momoyo: By all means, please try.
*At that instant, their three silhouettes collided.*
Yukie: Haaaahhh!
*Twelve times she slashed her blade at Momoyo, all in the span of a second.*
Momoyo: That's not too fast for me!
*She caught the blade in her hands.*
Yukie: I don't believe it. You've never seen that before, yet blocked all twelve attacks?!
Ageha: Yet We shan't let you counter! Trahh!
Momoyo: Hah! Ageha-san, it's rude to butt in!
*But Ageha's support had stopped Momoyo from attacking Yukie.*
Yukie: You saved me!
Ageha: That was for you a defeat.
Ageha: We must face her with every ounce of might we have, and then some! For that is the only way to give Ourselves even the slimmest of chances!
Yukie: Yes, ma'am!
*Again the three figures clashed at lightning speed.*
*Slowly, they rose higher and higher off the ground.*
Yukie: Seyaaahhh!
Momoyo: You almost had me there!
*Momoyo had sensed Yukie was good, but this good?*
Momoyo: You've got me all excited, Mayu-Mayu!
Ageha: Kuki Family Finishing Ultimate: Heaven Blast of the Dragon!
Momoyo: Whoa! Your skills haven't dulled much at all, Ageha-san!
Ageha: We have made sure to at least continue Our training!
Momoyo: But now I know what you can do!
*Her demonic strength let her see through her foe's move in an instant.*
Momoyo: Hahaha! Got you!
Ageha: Gh!
Yukie: Ahh!
*She'd seized Ageha with her right arm, and Yukie with her left.*
Momoyo: Right arm -- Kawakami Style: Roast Meat!
*She twisted half her aura into a wave a crimson flames and spewed them at the Ageha.*
Momoyo: Left arm -- Kawakami Style: Snowman!
*She twisted the other half into a sheet of freezing cold to send at Yukie.*
Ageha: Nngh... Such power...
Yukie: Ooh... You're so strong...
Momoyo: It's over now! Time to fall!
Momoyo: ...?!
*Suddenly, Momoyo sensed an extraordinary fighting spirit behind her.*
*She canceled the moves she'd been channeling and retook her stance.*
*Leaving Ageha and Yukie to crash to the ground.*
*Incoming.*
*She'd felt two people's presences just before the Kawakami War had begun.*
*Yes. Two people had descended from that helicopter.*
*The first had been Kuki Ageha. Little surprise there.*
*But the other aura had been no weaker. That left only one possibility...*
Momoyo: --So it's you!
*The woman charged at her, noble as a valkyrie in flight.*
*She was the last of the Big Four, the only one Momoyo had yet to fight.*
Otome: I heard one of you kids is getting full of herself!
Momoyo: I've been waiting for this! Haaahhh!!!
*A broad grin on her lips, Momoyo showered the woman with a cascade of punches.*
*A barrage of fists, each with the power to kill.*
Otome: A tremendous attack... But!
*Otome parried away every last one of the attacks.*
Momoyo: ...?!
Otome: My techniques are crisper than yours! Know the weight of my experience!
*She countered with punches of her own.*
*Momoyo reacted in time, but they had been a feint.*
*A series of charged punches drilled into Momoyo.*
Momoyo: Gahh...
*They blasted her downwards, slammed her into the earth.*
Otome: Haaaahhh!
*Otome flew after her to keep up the assault, an aura of solar hellfire radiating from her body.*
Momoyo: Kawakami Style: Starkiller!
*But then, out of the gouged land below, an energy blast shot up at the diving Otome.*
*One too large to avoid.*
Otome: Gh... Such raw power... This is absurd!
*The ball of energy had extinguished the flames of death she'd worn like a cloak just a few seconds before.*
*Then a pillar of energy emerged from the ground, one so tall it reached outer space.*
*One that would baffle scientists at NASA for days until they would eventually learn it was just Momoyo being Momoyo.*
*Tremendously, Otome withstood the attack.*
*And so they engaged in a close-quarters melee once more.*
Momoyo: Ohhhhhh!
*This time, she blocked every one of Otome's punches.*
Momoyo: That won't work twice!
*Momoyo struck, almost in vengeance for the earlier assault.*
*And now it was Otome that was blown away.*
Yukie: I will rejoin the fight!
*She sliced at Momoyo, who had paused to recover after her previous strike.*
Momoyo: Oh! Mayu-Mayu, you really can fight!
Yukie: I will fight you with all my strength!
Momoyo: Yeah, bring it! This is fun!
*On the back foot, Momoyo slowly gave up ground.*
Ageha: Are you all right?
Otome: Gh... I have found what I must teach her.
Ageha: Indeed. We were of much the same mind.
Ageha: Momoyo is strong. Which is precisely why...
Otome: She must learn the pain of defeat.
Ageha: That is one gift We can give her.
*The two went to help Yukie.*
*Four of the strongest people on Earth now battled in the sky.*
*Energy blasts would sometimes streak away from the fight, only for Tesshin and Assistant Master Lu to dissipate them before they could hurt someone.*
Tesshin: Goodness, I never thought the day would come when all four would be assembled in one place.
Lu: This is quite the sight, I must say.
Tesshin: It is a duel perfectly befitting the Kawakami War's climax.
Lu: ...However, Momoyo is enjoying herself.
Tesshin: Yes.
Lu: Like a girl at play.
Lu: ...That might be enough.
Tesshin: A rival can be a blessing, yes.
Koyuki: Wow, they're so pretty. Like fireworks.
Touma: Those must be the Big Four... They are patently absurd.
Touma: When fighting such beings, the question is not how to defeat them...
Touma: But rather how to prevent them from engaging.
Koyuki: But look! They're shooting lasers! Pew-pew!
Touma: Women these days are terrifyingly strong, to be sure...
*Four champions clash in the sky above--*
Ageha: Haah! Kuki Raijin Adamantine Fist!
Momoyo: Forbidden Strike: Fuji Smasher!
*Momoyo's attack overpowered Ageha's blow.*
Yukie: Seyaahh!
*The sword's shockwave canceled out a decent amount of Momoyo's attack's power.*
*Now Ageha and Momoyo's blows were equal in strength.*
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu! You really know how to get in my way!
Momoyo: I'll blow you away! Kawakami Style: Killer Fireflies!
Yukie: I can cut through your ki bullets!
*Yukie's sword cut through the energy shots.*
Momoyo: Not bad, but those were all fakes!
Ageha: Behind you, Mayuzumi!
Yukie: I don't believe it! Ahhh!
*Momoyo slammed into Yukie from behind.*
Ageha: (Mngh. As We feared, Mayuzumi is too slow!)
Ageha: (You have so much room left to grow -- it is too early for you to fall!)
Momoyo: Okay, time to take out your general first!
Ageha: We shan't allow it! You must defeat Us first!
Momoyo: Get out of my way! Ohhh...
Ageha: Gh...! We cannot block her every strike!
Otome: I said I would guard her, and I cannot let you make me a liar!
*As they fought, Otome cut in from the side.*
Momoyo: Tch! There's just one... wall... left... But it's thick!
*She couldn't break it, not while the other two were still around.*
Ageha: We must fight her as three! Show no mercy!
Momoyo: I already know all your patterns!
Momoyo: And you know that! But you're attacking me anyways, Kuki Ageha?!
*The three assaulted Momoyo at once.*
*But Momoyo defended and countered all three.*
Yukie: Kh... Ugh!
Ageha: Weak! We too can see through your attacks!
Momoyo: Tch! I'm off-balance!
*Her attacks only worked on Yukie, none of the others.*
Momoyo: If it takes three of you to match me...
*She aimed straight for Yukie.*
Momoyo: I just have to cut you down to two!
*Otome was all that was keeping Mayo safe. She couldn't leave her charge.*
*Ageha alone could not stop Momoyo.*
Momoyo: Let's play again sometime, Mayu-Mayu! Bye-bye!
*Momoyo launched a mighty spinning kick at Yukie.*
Yukie: Waaahh!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, hang in there!
*The blast knocked her to the ground.*
Momoyo: Heh heh heh... One down.
Ageha: (Curse you and your flash healing technique...)
Ageha: (Make haste, Naoe Yamato...)
Ageha: (We may not last much longer!)
Tesshin: Are you all right, Mayuzumi?
Yukie: O-Ooh... I-I'm fine. I broke my fall.
Matsukaze: Damn, all them chicks are in-sane. They demons, yo.
Tesshin: ...Then you truly are all right.
Tesshin: Nevertheless, that was and is quite the aerial battle.
*The central front--*
*Kuki Hideo finally joined the fight himself.*
Hideo: You have made Us don Our glorious combat uniform.
Hideo: For that, commoner, We give you praise.
Takuya: You didn't *don* anything! You just tore off half your clothes!
*Kuki wasn't as strong as the samurai girls.*
*But that didn't make him weak. It would take more than an amateur to beat him.*
Suguru: The enemy remain resolute! We cannot break through to Kuki!
Yamato: Nah, we're briefly getting there -- we just can't finish him off.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Was the depth of Our strength outside of your calculations?!
Margit: Listen! Should we hold out long enough, Kawakami Momoyo will eliminate the enemy general!
Margit: Then we will win!
*She was right. We were short on time.*
*The barrier had fallen too. If Momo-senpai came back, she'd wipe us out.*
Monk: ...Zzz...
*The monks had burnt through all their energy forming the barrier, and now slept.*
Chris: We must make them crumble!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Yet crumble We shall not!
Cookie 2: Only you, my former master, could be this resilient.
*Their final tactic was to turtle up.*
*Their defense was a puzzle we had to solve.*
*Yet there was so little time...*
Yamato: ...I wanted to be savvy, but...
*I had no choice.*
*If I wanted to beat Nee-san, I had to lay it all on the line.*
Yamato: Listen up! This is the final strategy!
Yamato: We need to send a suicide squad into their formation.
Yamato: They'll give us an opening, somehow or another.
Yamato: An opening Chris and Capt can use to eliminate Kuki Hideo. That's the only way.
Suguru: Ridiculous... A kamikaze attack?
Takuya: If this goes bad, we'll have lost so many men that they'll turn the tables on us.
Cookie 2: An all or nothing gambit...
Shouichi: Fine by me. I'm down for a roll of the dice.
Shouichi: I'll take them out. Whoever, wherever!
Takuya: But who's even going to be the kamikazes?
Suguru: Exactly. Whoever does it is in for a world of hurt.
Cookie 2: I fear I am not up to the task...
Cookie 2: Too little of my power remains. My batteries won't last much longer.
Yamato: You're looking at the kamikaze. I'm doing it myself.
Cookie 2: What?!
Chris: You yourself? You would choose to be the bait?
Yamato: I don't think there's any other way to beat her.
Chris: ...Oh?
Yamato: Capt, I need you to make sure you--
Shouichi: Stop worrying. What'd I tell you? I got that covered.
Yamato: Thanks... Okay, there's no time to lose.
Yamato: --Anyone who wants to come along, join in! Let's do this!
*I said, then began my charge.*
Suguru: Fool! You're actually doing this?!
Takuya: Gosh dammit -- fine!
Yamato: Hey, I figured you'd come!
Takuya: I can still change my mind, you know!
*Several others fell into our formation.*
Yamato: Hey, welcome to the suicide squad!
F Army Fighter: If I do this, I'm gonna be a legend!
F Army Fighter 2: I want Chris to see how cool I am!
F Army Fighter 3: I just went with the flow!
F Army Fighter 4: The camera's rolling, so of course I'm going!
Yamato: Camera? What camera?
Suguru: While I will not go, I shall record this barbarism for all time.
Yamato: Heh. Then make sure we look good.
Cookie 2: I shall accompany you to my last electron, Naoe Yamato.
Cookie 2: Hang in there, Battery!
Hideo: Naoe Yamato! Has your brain been rattled, that you would lead a charge at Us? Such is foolhardiness, nothing more!
Yamato: This is my time, and I'll prove it!
*Now was the moment to be a man!*
*The three mighty warriors' duel in the heavens--*
*Momoyo's fist connected onto Ageha.*
*She twisted best she could, trying to lessen the impact.*
Momoyo: One more!
*Momoyo pounded her with an even more ferocious swing.*
Ageha: That is the heavy swing We have awaited!
*Ageha launched the counter she'd been waiting for.*
Momoyo: Ngh!
*Her fist drove into Momoyo's abdomen.*
Ageha: ...? Our fist is stuck!
Momoyo: It's over, Ageha-san!
*Momoyo had finally caught her.*
Ageha: Oh no...
Momoyo: Kawakami Style: Human Bomb!
*Momoyo blew herself up at point-blank range.*
Ageha: Gh... You think so little... of self-destructing...?
Momoyo: Whatever damage I take can be healed nearly instantly, so yeah.
Ageha: Alas...
*Ageha plummeted to Earth.*
Momoyo: Okay, one left! Time for the main dish!
*But then, a firework erupted in midair.*
*--Three minutes earlier, at the central front.*
Yamato: Whhhoooooaaaaa!
*Me and six others carved our way through the enemy on our suicide mission.*
*Men stood ready to stop us, but arrows came flying at them.*
*Each knocked one enemy fighter off his feet.*
*A wave of love pulsed from far behind us.*
*I surged towards the now-exposed gap in their lines.*
F Army Fighter: Ugh!
*One of ours barely lasted a second in there.*
Cookie 2: This is our final strike! This is where we die as men!
*Cookie used his saber to widen the area I'd charged into.*
Miyako: Good luck, Yamato...
Miyako: I'll give you all the support that I can!
*She quickly shot her next arrow.*
Hideo: Annihilate them posthaste!
Yamato: Cookie, cover my back!
Cookie 2: Affirmative. That will also free me to cut with abandon!
*Now I didn't have to worry about my six.*
S Army Soldier: But your flank is completely expos--gah!
*Arrows struck the attackers at my sides.*
*Miyako's work.*
Yamato: Now I can focus entirely on what's in front of me!
*One man threw a punch at me.*
*But I drove my own fist into his gut first.*
F Army Fighter 2: Waaahhh!
*My allies fell, one by one.*
Yamato: Just keep moving forwards! Keep widening the breach!
*We struggled forward.*
F Army Fighter 3: Gaaahhhh!
*Marched forth even through the chorus of our friends' screams.*
*Two sticks came whooshing down at me.*
Yamato: Gh...
*I could only dodge one, but I didn't fall. I couldn't fall. Not yet!*
*I seized the stick, wrenched it from the foe.*
*Then, before he could recover from the surprise, I kicked him square in the face.*
*A third stick flew at me from another direction.*
Takuya: Yamato! Look out!
Yamato: Hey, Moro!
Takuya: O-Ouch... Haha. Of course this has to hurt.
Yamato: Sorry.
Takuya: Heheheh. Keep pushing forward, right?
Yamato: Always, and never one step backwards. That's the Soul of Kawakami.
*Moro fell to his knees, then slumped limply to the ground.*
Yamato: Thanks.
F Army Fighter 4: Gaahhhhh!
*Only Cookie and I remained.*
*Miyako's unerring shots eliminated all the enemies at our sides.*
*She must have been pushing herself past her limits, firing so many so rapidly.*
*People attacked me with shinais and lumber.*
*And I whispered old, familiar words.*
Yamato: I walk the endless wilds before me, turning away from the glow of the city...
*I threw my arms in front of the weapons. A dull pain ran through them.*
*Though my numb arms screamed their protests, I still found the strength to drive my fists into my foes.*
*They crumpled, and I kicked their bodies out of the way.*
Yamato: There are no miracles, no path to guide me, only the night.
*I'd grown sluggish, clumsy.*
*And I wasn't done yet -- I had to win!*
Yamato: But my unwavering will shall provide as I journey on into the darkness.
*I had to become the man Kawakami Momoyo would deem worthy of her love.*
*I could not lose!*
S Army Soldier: I-I'll stop you this time. Me, the Go Club guy!
*I blasted the guy who stepped in my way.*
*But the man behind him struck me as I did.*
*My vision blurred.*
Yamato: I can't fall, not yet...
Cookie 2: Yamato, take my sword!
*He handed me the weapon.*
*He'd been captured by eight sasumata.*
Cookie 2: My energy had run out regardless... So!
Cookie 2: I, Cookie, say unto you all: I shall not die alone!
*He sparked with electricity.*
*The slightest contact with those bursts caused immense pain. In the blink of an eye, the entire sasumata unit fell.*
Cookie 2: ...Electric shock complete. This is where I depart.
Yamato: Good work!
Cookie 2: I enjoyed this, Naoe Yamato...
Yamato: Same here.
*His machinery whirred to a halt.*
*Leaving only me.*
*I brandished the saber.*
Yamato: Right, let's do this!
*I dove fearlessly at the enemy.*
Yamato: I am Naoe Yamato! The man with the biggest price on his head!
*I made sure every one of them knew who I was, and made sure they saw my weapon.*
*Their focus shifted to me, ignoring the arrows striking down from above.*
*Gwah!*
Yamato: Gh...
*Though the blow struck me cleanly, I made sure it cost him his life.*
*Now a group came at me.*
*More than I could ever hope to counter.*
*Suddenly the tables were turned against me.*
*But I will not fall.*
*Keep pushing forward.*
*We would win and Kawakami Momoyo would be mine.*
*At that instant, at the moment all eyes were on me--*
Yamato: ...Charge!
*I ordered as I swung the sword with the last of my strength.*
Chris: There! Break through!
Shouichi: It's now or never! Don't back down no matter what!
*The White and Black Forces made their final charge.*
Margit: Kh. The breach grew too deep!
*The White Squadron surged in before they could regroup.*
*The ladies of the White Forces gave their lives to carve a path forwards.*
Chris: Mar-san, prepare yourself!
Margit: Gh...
*With her injury, Margit was no match for Chris.*
*Her powerful thrust made short work of her.*
Margit: Splendid... Frau Chris!
*Those words of heartfelt praise were her last. She crumpled to the ground.*
*The Black Forces also fought like men possessed, giving their lives for each inch of territory.*
*...And then, finally.*
Hideo: ...You have truly reached Us, Kazama.
Shouichi: You didn't make it easy. You ready?
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! You speak to a hero!
Hideo: Heroes do not lose!
Shouichi: Hey, that's funny. I call myself a hero too.
Shouichi: I ain't losing.
Hideo: Hmph. We have never been fond of you.
Hideo: You act wildly, unconcerned with status or wealth!
Shouichi: None of that stuff matters. End of the day, I'm still me! Let's go!
Hideo: Very well! We shall settle this, man to man!
*Like jousting knights they charged at each other. Their first attacks canceled each other out, carried them past each other.*
*Then they both spun back around, punching as they did.*
*Shouichi's right fist landed square in the middle of Hideo's forehead.*
*Hideo had gone to do the same, but his reactions were markedly slower.*
Hideo: ...Curse... you...
*Memories of those loathsome flames flashed into Hideo's mind.*
Hideo: (Were it not for that, Our arm would move as We will...)
*Hideo slumped to the ground.*
Shouichi: ...Whew...
*Kazama Shouichi pumped his fist at the sky.*
Shouichi: I took out Kuki Hideo!
Shouichi: 2-F wins! Launch the fireworks!
*--The aerial battle. Two remained.*
Momoyo: Okay, one left!
*But then, a firework erupted in midair.*
Momoyo: ...Huh?
*There was disbelief in her voice.*
Momoyo: Hey, that's... You're kidding.
Tesshin: The Kawakami War is over!!!
Momoyo: What?!
Ageha: Heh... We won? A near thing, in the end.
Momoyo: Huh? But... What?
Lu: You lost, Momoyo. Completely and utterly.
Lu: Naoe-kun lured you here and had these girls stall you. That gave him the time he needed to defeat your general.
Lu: I cannot imagine a more decisive loss.
Momoyo: I lost? Me...?
Ageha: This can happen when you rely on brute force, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Ageha-san...
Otome: You're strong, but your pride was your downfall. Strong, yet brittle.
Momoyo: Mmm...
Ageha: Take this as an opportunity to train your conceited heart.
Momoyo: That's...
Ageha: We should depart. We must chastise Our brother for his defeat.
*The two helpers left the field.*
*--The central front, after the battle.*
Miyako: Three, two, one!
Yamato: Ugh...
Shouichi: Hey. Back with the living, Suicide Tactician?
Yamato: Wh-Who won?!
Chris: Victory was ours, Yamato.
Shouichi: I made sure of that.
Mayo: It was 2-F's glorious win!
Yukie: The three of us managed to hold Momo-senpai off.
Yamato: ...Okay... Good.
Yamato: Oh, but my head...
Miyako: Th, there. Are you all right?
Yamato: What about everyone else?
Shouichi: Wishing they were dead, mostly. Honestly, you oughta still be resting, but...
Chris: But we must cheer our victory.
Shouichi: I kinda wanted to do it myself, but Tactician, the floor's all yours.
Kazuko: Yeah, you can't sit this out.
Yamato: But I died in battle, as it were.
Yamato: Should I really be doing this?
Miyako: Let's say you were wounded, but still breathing.
Shouichi: She actually did cover you even after you fell, making sure nobody finished you off.
Mayo: You took command over everyone for me.
Mayo: So please, shout out a cry.
Yamato: ...All right.
*I slap my cheeks, fired myself up.*
Yamato: The embodiment of authority, 2-S, has fallen.
Yamato: And we couldn't have done it without each and every one of you!
Yamato: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
Class 2-F Soldiers: Hip, hip, hooray!
*Our cheers echoed across the battlefield.*
*And so ended the Kawakami War.*
*............*
*............*
*--That night, Tanzawa.*
*All of us from the 2-F army were having a barbecue.*
*This was our reward for emerging victorious.*
*There was a bulletin board in the middle showing how everyone had did.*
Gakuto: Don't you see?! Even though I had to be left behind, I still fought on, unyielding, a true hero!
Chika: Really? But like, no one else says they saw anything.
Haguro: And, like, Fushikawa's brigade was so totally falling apart by then anyways.
Gakuto: Noooooo! Why can't my bravery get the respect it deserves?!
Freshman Girl: Kazama-senpai's just so cool.
Freshman Girl B: I know, right? He even took out the enemy commander.
Gakuto: So of course this is what the world thinks! Dammit all!
Kazuko: Mayucchi, I had no idea you were so powerful.
Chris: Stronger than I, even. That is incredible.
Yukie: Oh no no no. It took everything I had just to keep up with the other three.
Matsukaze: You got no clue how long I been waitin' to show you what my girl Mayucchi's got!
Kazuko: Hmm, you don't look really seem like a master right about now.
Mayo: When she drew her sword, she seemed like an entirely different person.
Kazuko: So when you draw your sword, your real personality comes out.
Yukie: I think you did an excellent job yourself in the central front, Kazuko-san.
Kazuko: Ahaha. I feel like I'm just covered in dirt...
Kazuko: But I'm glad I was able to keep going almost all the way to the end.
Kazuko: I couldn't have done it without your pinpoint support, Miyako.
Miyako: All I had to do was fire arrows from the rear.
Miyako: The Black and White Forces did so much work all over the battlefield.
Shouichi: Well sure! All that training paid off!
Shouichi: Whoa, I gotta run off to be with the rest of my guys.
Chris: We but followed Yamato's orders.
Yamato: You did an amazing job, Chris.
Chris: Heheh, yes I did.
Yamato: You're the best.
Chris: Hahahahaha! Well, I put in a lot of effort too.
Chris: Well, have some meat, Yamato. Which would you prefer?
Miyako: ...There she goes again. How can anyone be that simpleminded?
Miyako: Yamato, I hope you haven't forgotten about your promise.
Yamato: Why are you looking at me that passionately?
Mitsuru: I barely remember anything... *om nom nom*
Suguru: That was quite the performance out there.
Mitsuru: You yourself must have had your hands full with communications and intelligence gathering.
Suguru: I won't deny it. And I took out enemies with my Fists of Thunder.
Takuya: You mean, your stun gun? Though you did take out a lot of enemies in that melee.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier: Captain, your glass is empty.
Tadakatsu Brigade Soldier 2: Would you like some oolong tea?
Tadakatsu: I ain't your leader no more, for fuck's sake...
Chika: Nevertheless, Haguro, I cannot believe you ran away.
Haguro: You think I ran? As if. Like, who do you think you have to thank for our flag being in one piece?
Ikurou: I took so many sweet photos.
Gakuto: You have to show me later.
Gakuto: ...By the way, who took you out? And where?
Ikurou: Yeah, their raiders snuck up on me from behind. I swung my sword at them, trying desperately to resist, but...
Gakuto: Well, I guess they were out of a photographer's league.
Takuya: We all know that everyone did amazing jobs, but...
Yamato: Hm?
Takuya: Yamato, who do you think did best of all?
Yamato: Good question. If I had to pick one...
*I said...*
Kazuko, for what she did at the central front
Miyako, for her long-range sniping
Yukie, for her protection of Mayo
Chris and her White Forces
Yamato: Of course it was Kazuko in the central front.
Kazuko: Oh?!
Yamato: You did an amazing job. Good girl, good girl.
Kazuko: Wahaha. Thanks.
Yamato: Gen-san, you played a big role too.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I wasn't doin' it for you.
Kazuko: Just accept the compliment, Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: ...Hmph.
Yamato: Of course it was Miyako and her sniping that saved the day.
Miyako: Eh-hem.
Yamato: My charge wouldn't have worked without your flawless backup.
Miyako: Hearing that made it all worth it.
Yamato: It was Mayucchi, because if she hadn't been able to protect our base then nothing else would've mattered.
Yukie: You were the one who ordered me to do so.
Yamato: Honestly, I had no idea you were that strong.
Yukie: I didn't think I could do it......
Matsukaze: Whoa, Mayucchi seems like she lovin' the praise.
Yamato: Of course it was Chris's White Forces. You were my sword.
Chris: Right?
Chris: You are welcome to rely on me in the future.
Chris: Oh, though I do frown upon the actions you took against Fushikawa Kokoro. And you broadcast them live!
Yamato: That was a necessary strategy to win.
Chris: Yet one would struggle to call it justice.
*...I should have known she'd wind up lecturing me.*
*Our fun victory feast continued on.*
*But I slipped out of the festivities.*
*I still had more to do today.*
Momoyo: ...Sigh.
Yamato: Oh, there you are.
Momoyo: Hey, Yamato...
Yamato: ......
Momoyo: What's wrong? You can sit down.
Yamato: Nah, I just figured I'd look down on you. Since we won.
Momoyo: ...Gh!
Momoyo: No one likes a lil' bro who's full of him self!
*She stomped her feet.*
Yamato: I did all this to prove to you that I'm a man.
Momoyo: ...Yeah, I heard all about your heroics.
Momoyo: ...You said you'd beat me, and you actually did.
Momoyo: Seriously, you're... You're completely full of yourself.
Momoyo: Not bad, Yamato. You're a man all right.
*Wh-Whoa, she'd recognized me. Everything I'd done was worth it.*
Momoyo: You've been studying hard too, so your grades are going up too...
Momoyo: I don't see you the same way I did at the start of summer.
*I-I could feel myself blushing.*
*But no. I had to stay cool.*
*And coolly move on to the next topic.*
Yamato: Hey, I hope the fight left you satisfied.
Momoyo: Yeah, that was fun all right.
Momoyo: ...But I lost. I don't like losing.
Yamato: You lost because you were overconfident in your own power.
Momoyo: Oooh!
Yamato: Y-You don't have to glare at me!
Momoyo: ...What? Are you just here to bully me, you meanie?
Yamato: I did want to declare my victory, but there was one more thing...
Yamato: This is for you.
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: It's a gift. Happy birthday.
Momoyo: ...Yamato...
Yamato: With the war and all, your birthday got lost in the shuffle, but...
Yamato: This is for you. To make today a good day.
Momoyo: Wow, you even thought this through?
Yamato: Yeah. And just like I planned, now that you're moping in defeat, this will cheer you up.
Momoyo: Mmmm. Let me open it...
Momoyo: What'd you get me this year? Something funny again?
Momoyo: Whoa -- a ring?
Yamato: I made sure it's your size. I heard every word you said to the clerk.
Yamato: And you said this is the kind of ring you like.
Momoyo: But this kind of ring's expensive...
Yamato: Well, I have my savings from my part-time jobs, so don't worry about it.
Chris: Hey, Momo-senpai, are you over here?
Shouichi: I near forgot. Can't let this day end without giving her her present.
Takuya: We all pooled our money to buy the game she wanted and...
Gakuto: This Beggin' Bag! It's hilarious. I know she'll love it.
Yukie: What does a 'Begging Bag' do?
Gakuto: When you push down on it like this...
Begging Bag: S-Stop! I-I'll do anything! Anything you want, just please! Spare me!
Gakuto: It'll play a random quote where it begs for mercy.
Gakuto: But once in a while...
Begging Bag: Go ahead. Do it. I've lived long enough.
Gakuto: The bag knows its time has come.
Chris: ...That is certainly silly.
Miyako: Oh, I found Momo-senpai. And Yamato's with her too.
Kazuko: Oh, they seem kind of...
Yamato: Here, I'll put it on you.
Yamato: Yeah... It fits perfectly.
Momoyo: Wow...
Momoyo: ...This is the first time anyone's given me a girly gift.
Yamato: Even by your first birthday after I met you, I knew you well enough to get you a baseball card.
Yamato: But girly things are nice too, wouldn't you say?
Momoyo: ...Yeah... Um...
Momoyo: How do I say this...
Momoyo: ...Th-Thank you, Yamato.
Momoyo: I'll treasure this forever.
Yamato: N-No problem...
*I couldn't believe how well that had gone... Heck, I'd never seen her like this.*
*If I asked now... would she say yes?*
*I'd worked hard for this all summer.*
*And I couldn't imagine a more perfect moment.*
*I just had to say the--*
Momoyo: So why don't we just stay friends?
Yamato: (Kh! Why does that memory have to come back to me now?!)
Yamato: (Well, it doesn't have to be now. I have all the time in the world.)
Chris: Oh, is Momo-senpai blushing?
Takuya: Maybe we should give them some space. Right, Capt?
Shouichi:  Ba-thump!
Takuya: Capt?!
Yukie: Huh? What did you say? What did it mean?!
Shouichi: That's the sound of my heart beating fast.
Kazuko: Mnn?
Shouichi: It feels like something inside my chest snapped right open.
Shouichi: I had no clue Momo-senpai could look like that.
Takuya: Wait... What are you saying? Where'd this come from?
Shouichi: ...She looks... Cute.
Shouichi: What's going on? What's this feeling supposed to be?!
Gakuto: ...Has he finally awoken, sexually?!
Shouichi: Momo-senpai... You're wonderful.
Miyako: This must have been what I looked like when I fell in love.
Gakuto: You've got yourself a rival, Yamato... Now what?
Takuya: He's worse than any final boss in any game ever... *gulp*
*Today was the first day of the new semester.*
*Yet after the Kawakami War, no one had the energy to do much of anything.*
*Not to mention the tons of people in the hospital.*
Touma: This is a windfall for the Aoimon Hospital, yet I fear I cannot enjoy it.
Koyuki: Everyone's kinda fragile.
Kyojin: You two look like you're ready to do it all over again.
Koyuki: It's because all my marshmallows give me calcium!
Kyojin: I've never heard of calcium-infused marshmallows.
Kyojin: ...But when I see how few students there are... Ugh, it tells how ferocious the War was.
Takuya: Anyways, we're going to have shortened classes all week because of it.
Gakuto: Long live the Kawakami War. Now we the relatively uninjured and survivors get a week of heaven.
Shouichi: How're you holding up, Moro?
Takuya: I'm fine. I've got a thick skull, I guess.
Shouichi: Then except for Yamato, the whole Kazama Family's healed up.
Yamato: Oh come on. I'm still hurting, but I'll be healed by the end of the week.
Shouichi: That's real good news.
Shouichi: ...Then let's talk things over before the girls arrive.
Yamato: Yeah, we need to talk about this.
Takuya: *gulp*
Gakuto: I guess this is all makin' even me nervous.
Yamato: This doesn't even have anything to do with you.
Gakuto: That doesn't mean I can't be nervous! Look, just get it over with.
Shouichi: Um, first, I owe you an apology. Sorry.
Yamato: ......
Shouichi: Ever since yesterday, I haven't been able to get Momo-senpai outta my head.
Shouichi: I asked around, and people say this phenomenon's got a name.
Shouichi: Love.
Yamato: Sure sounds like it. Completely and totally. That look of hers made my heart skip a beat, too.
Shouichi: So I'm sorry, Yamato, but I can't help you anymore.
Yamato: It's okay. These things happen.
Shouichi: And I'm going to attack her too!
Yamato: ...I knew it...
Shouichi: Yeah, I can't keep this feeling inside.
Shouichi: This's my only way to deal with this!
Yamato: You should've at least been a bit torn between our friendship and your love.
Shouichi: I love you, man, but this is completely different.
Shouichi: I'm me, and I do what I want!
Gakuto: (Bathump, bathump)
Takuya: (Oh no oh no oh no...)
Yamato: ...Yeah, that's the way you've always been.
Shouichi: Darn straight!
Yamato: You always throw us for a loop, and this is no exception.
Shouichi: The wind goes where it wills.
Yamato: This isn't a joke!
Shouichi: Sorry, but I'm serious! I'm going for it, Yamato!
Yamato: ...I figured that wouldn't work, but I had to try.
Yamato: Capt... I like you too.
Yamato: But I'm not backing down! Not over her!
Shouichi: Fine by me! I don't want you to either!
Shouichi: I'll do what I want, and you do what you want.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me.
Yamato: ...This might be the right time.
Shouichi: For what?
Yamato: You've always been the best at most everything. A hero, through and through.
Yamato: You're our pride, our leader, our hero.
Shouichi: Yamato?
Yamato: ...But that said, I've always thought...
Yamato: That I want to beat you someday!
Yamato: And this is that day! Nee-san will fall for me!
Yamato: Then I'll surpass you!
Shouichi: Heh... Sounds fun! You're on, Yamato! I won't lose!
Yamato: ...Let's back up a step. Do you even know how to woo?
Shouichi: If there's a right way about it, I don't know that...
Shouichi: But I can still tell her I love more'n anything!
Shouichi: And I'll tell her again and again and again and again and again!
Yamato: That's so primitive...
Takuya: S-So the two of you are going to fight for her?
Yamato: I'm going to win!
Shouichi: Nah, I got this in the bag!
Gakuto: At least it's more of a competition than a fight.
Yamato: No, I'm going to win!
Shouichi: I will!
Takuya: They're like little kids arguing...
Yamato: ...Whew.
*I took in the beauty of the setting sun.*
*I now had one last little obstacle to overcome, but that wouldn't stop me.*
*My phone rang.*
Momoyo: Hey, Yamato. Where are you?
Momoyo: The base?
Momoyo: Okay. I'll be there soon.
*...She'd been calling me almost non-stop ever since last night.*
*I'd brought our relationship this far.*
*There was no way I'd lose now.*
*But at the same time, I didn't know if I could take another rejection.*
*I wanted to be certain, absolutely certain, to look a hundred times before I leapt--*
Shouichi: I'm off like the wind!
*I saw Capt running out of the building.*
*Where was he in such a rush to go?*
*...?! No, wait. He wasn't going to ask Nee-san out, was he?!*
*He'd talked things out with me, and now was going straight to her.*
Yamato: But then he's being way too stupid.
*Even Capt would have a hard time getting her to see him as a man.*
Yamato: --No. Wait.
*I froze.*
Momoyo: Well, that's why I think of Capt as a man.
*Nee-san had already said she saw Capt as a man!*
*She'd seen him that way for ages!*
Yamato: E-Even so, I really proved myself during the War.
Yamato: But wait. Capt took out the enemy general!
*A shiver crawled down my spine.*
*What if she fell for his passionate pleas of love...*
Yamato: ...What am I standing around for?!
*He'd stolen a march on me, gone for the quick victory.*
Gakuto: Oh, Yamato's off too.
Takuya: Wah! How's this going to end?
*I ran out of the building.*
Yamato: Kh... I was so scared of another rejection that I... How could I be so stupid?!
Yamato: (Who knows when I'll have another chance.)
Yamato: (If I don't take the opportunities I get, I'll have lost before I even start.)
Yamato: (I'd already figured out that this world is like a game of musical chairs...)
Yamato: (Even when it comes to women... Argh!)
Yamato: (But fear of rejection made me act so... so... Pathetic!)
*I sprinted along the Tama River.*
*Please, I thought. Don't let me be late!*
*Nee-san...*
*I can't bear to see you with anyone else!*
*I focused all my energy on running.*
*Never mind the odd stares from passersby.*
*I couldn't let him win her heart first.*
Yamato: --!
Momoyo: ...Oh.
Momoyo: What's wrong, Yamato? Why the big rush?
Yamato: Huff, huff, huff, Nee-san...
Yamato: Huh? Where's Capt?
Momoyo: ...Oh... He's sleeping over there.
Yamato: Whoa...
*Capt lay unconscious on the riverbank.*
Momoyo: He tried to knock me off my feet, screaming that he loved me.
Momoyo: He wasn't taking no for an answer, so I shut him up for a bit.
Yamato: (You were too hasty for your own good this time, Capt.)
Momoyo: I don't even know where that came from.
Momoyo: Heh... He's always been full of surprises, ever since we met.
Yamato: (She's not accepting his love, but...)
Yamato: (She's not wholeheartedly rejecting it either.)
Yamato: (If Capt keeps this up... She might fall for him!)
*That settled it. I couldn't take things slowly.*
*It was time.*
Yamato: ...Whew... Hah... Okay, I've caught my breath.
Yamato: I have something I'd like to say to you.
Momoyo: Hm?
Yamato: I see you're still wearing the ring.
Momoyo: Yeah. I like it.
Yamato: When I gave that to you, I forgot to say the most important thing.
*I drew closer to her.*
Momoyo: Yamato...?
*She'd rejected me once, when my feelings for her were only half-baked.*
*But this time would be different.*
*I loved her now with every fiber of my being.*
Yamato: Do you remember back to the last time we were standing here, and I confessed my love to you?
Momoyo: O-Of course I do.
Yamato: I still feel the same way.
Momoyo: Yamato...
Yamato: No, I'd say I love you even more now.
Yamato: Nee-san, I love you.
Momoyo: ......!!!
Yamato: So let me ask you again: Please go out with me!
Momoyo: ...Another surprise.
Momoyo: No, I guess it's not a surprise coming from you.
*Nee-san was visibly flustered.*
*Of course she was. I wasn't the same man she had shot down last time.*
*I'd built up her affection points.*
Mitsuru: So this restaurant? Their food is wonderful, but there aren't many customers.
Mitsuru: It's my little secret, but I'll share it with you. Good luck.
*Thanks to Kuma-chan, we had always gone to the best restaurants.*
Kazuko: Onee-sama's in a bad mood today.
*Wanko had always let me know how her sister was doing.*
Touma: The words that make a woman happiest, you ask?
*Aoi Touma's help had meant I had mostly known the right words to say.*
Chika: So girls these days are totally into...
*Ogasawara Chika had kept me sensitive to what girls liked and didn't like.*
Gakuto: Okay, time to get you two some alone time!
*Without Gakuto, I would've never had so much time alone with her.*
Ikurou: Photos of girls? Fine, I'll give you this.
*When I'd handed Yonpachi's photos over to her, I'd made her day.*
Miyako: There you go again...
*Miyako's acceptance meant that I could pursue Nee-san without reserve.*
Takuya: Oh, then how about this game?
Suguru: This manga is one of my current favorites. She will love it.
*Moro and Suguru's recommendations had helped me show her a good time.*
Mayo: If there's anything one of us doesn't understand, we can go over it.
*Class Rep had been a huge help in studying.*
Chris: Behold the White Forces, Yamato.
*Chris's efforts had been key to winning the Kawakami War.*
Tadakatsu: Look, just shut up send her a fuck-ton of texts.
Shimokitazawa: Stay in regular contact with that chick, Yamato-chan!
*Gen-san and so many others had made sure I started off on the right foot.*
Yukie: I knew you were studying so late, so...
Yukie: So I made a midnight snack, if you'd like it?
*Mayucchi's care had meant I could study my heart out without my body actually giving out.*
Umeko: I will support you on your path. Good luck.
*Little had been more reassuring than having Ms. Ume on my side.*
Shouichi: I fell for Momo-senpai too.
*And were it not for Capt, how long would it have taken me to get my butt in gear?*
*So many people had helped me along the way.*
*And I'd worked hard too.*
* This had brought me to this moment!*
*I couldn't imagine a world where all that could be for nothing.*
*No. I'd make this the world where our efforts paid off!*
Momoyo: ...Yamato, I... Fighting's the only thing I understand.
Momoyo: Do you still love me, even so?
Yamato: I love you more than anything, Nee-san.
Yamato: My feelings for you aren't the half-baked ones I had before.
Momoyo: Yeah, I've noticed. I've seen your sincerity, day after day.
Momoyo: ...I even commented to myself on how you didn't let being rejected keep you down.
Yamato: I'm not so weak that I'd give up just because things didn't work out the first time.
Momoyo: If anything, you used it like a springboard to bounce even higher.
Yamato: That's right.
Momoyo: ...Do you love me that much?
Yamato: Yeah, I do.
Momoyo: It feels amazing, to be loved like this.
Yamato: It's what you deserve, when you're such a beautiful girl.
Momoyo: ...Heheh...
Momoyo: That... was a fun summer.
Momoyo: You spent all of it thinking about me.
*I thought back on all the choices I'd made.*
*When I looked at Nee-san, I knew...*
*I'd made the right ones.*
Momoyo: If this is how things are going to be from here on out, I'm game.
Yamato: I guarantee it.
Yamato: Nee-san?
Momoyo: Heh... Have I really fallen for my lil' bro? ...Well, I kinda like the sound of that.
Momoyo: I like you too, as a man.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*We embraced.*
Momoyo: ...Yamato...
*She'd accepted me.*
*We hugged each other as if we never wanted to let go.*
*Never caring that we were out in public where anyone could see.*
*Heck, let them see!*
Shouichi: Kh... Ugh.
Shouichi: ...Yamato?! Yamato's hugging Momo-senpai?!
Shouichi: ...Oh...
Shouichi: Did I lose? Me? ...Maybe I did play things too fast.
Shouichi: Still, this is something else. And you did it all while I was out cold.
Shouichi: I gotta respect that shrewdness and charm.
Shouichi: Nice tactics, Tactician... It pisses me off, but I'm still proud of you.
Kazuko: Huhhh?! Yamato and Onee-sama are hugging?!
Yukie: I feel like I'm always playing the surprised girl!
Matsukaze: Then you gotta really play it up and sell those reactions!
Chris: Is this the time for such spats?! ...This situation is simply incredible!
Chris: A-A-A-A-At any rate, c-c-c-c-calm down.
Miyako: Speak for yourself.
Miyako: ...Yamato... Congrats.
*She was unbelievable pretty and strong.*
*I'd spent so many days as her brother, her plaything.*
*The first time I confessed, she'd cut me down to size.*
*But even so... I'd finally done it!*
Momoyo: Yamato? What's wrong?
Yamato: I want to kiss you.
Momoyo: ...Sure.
Momoyo: Go ahead.
*Our lips touched.*
Momoyo: Mm, mm...
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn... Mm...
*The strongest woman in the world was my girlfriend.*
*Now would begin our days together.*
Momoyo: Ahmph... Mn... Mm...
*So, filled with the joy of victory and with newfound resolution...*
Momoyo: I love you...
Yamato: (Yeah! I'll make her happy, and be happy myself!)
*...I pumped my fist, even as it trembled with delight, at the sky.*
Momoyo: ...Yamato.
Yamato: Okay!
Momoyo: I'm sorry.
Yamato: Hm.
Momoyo: I do see you as a man, and I love this ring.
Momoyo: ...But this still feels like a step too far.
Momoyo: I want you to stay as my lil' bro.
Yamato: ......Oh.
Momoyo: It's fun being with you. More fun than anything else in the world.
Momoyo: But love is... different.
Momoyo: I can tell you fully feel the way you do. Thank you.
Momoyo: But... can't we stay the greatest friends?
*I thought back on all the choices I'd made.*
*When I looked at Nee-san, I knew...*
*I'd really fucked things up.*
Momoyo: ...So, bye.
*Momo-senpai left.*
Yamato: ...No... way...
*I staggered along the river.*
*Tumbled onto the grass.*
Yamato: She shot me down twice...?
Yamato: She loved the gift too, and yet...
Yamato: She said no? I... I just don't get girls.
Shouichi: Hey, how're you feeling right now? Tell me!
Yamato: Capt!
Shouichi: Hahaha. I woke up just in time to see you get shot down too.
Shouichi: We're in the same boat, Yamato. Kah kah kah.
Yamato: Shut up! Your craziness is what threw me off my game!
*I shoved Capt.*
Shouichi: What gives? If we were in some suspense show, I would've hit my head and died!
*Capt shoved me back.*
Yamato: That hurt, dammit!
*I lightly punched him.*
Shouichi: ...Dammit, Yamato. Don't take your frustration out on me!
*He punched me back.*
Yamato: Gh... Shut up, you bastard!
Shouichi: Oh, you think you can make me? I'd like to see you try!
*We two men clashed by the riverbank as the sun set behind us.*
Yamato: You've always, always, always been so outrageous!
Shouichi: Maybe you need to learn how to have some fun, dumbo!
Kazuko: Hey, should we stop them?
Miyako: They're having a childish spat. Let them fight it out.
Yamato: I can't stand you!
Shouichi: Well I can't stand you!
Yukie: Boys can be so funny sometimes.
Matsukaze: This is all goin' way over my head
*--Twenty minutes later.*
Yamato: ...Huff, huff, huff...
Shouichi: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*We lay next to each other, exhausted.*
Shouichi: *cough*... You throw a good punch, for a tactician.
Shouichi: Huff... Huff... I still can't believe you came at me with a log.
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff. Yeah, they're a key part of my arsenal.
Yamato: Still... Argh. What's the point of us fighting when she shot us both down?!
Shouichi: Huff... Huff... Your head cooled off fast.
Shouichi: ...Well, you know.
Shouichi: I learned a lot today. Girls don't like it when you pop the question outta nowhere.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure you're the last person in the world to figure that out.
Shouichi: I'll remember that for next time.
Yamato: ...Next time. Next time? ...Yeah, next time.
*This didn't have to be the end.*
*While I wouldn't let myself become a stalker...*
Yamato: I would never give up.
Shouichi: Damn straight! That's the Soul of Kawakami!
*--Our love was just beginning!====================act_c_一子シナリオ.bin====================*
Kazuko: PUSH-ING! EVER! ON-WARD!
*Wanko was devoting herself to training.*
Mayo: Wanko-chan, do you know what that saying means?
Kazuko: Of course! If somethin' unexpected happens, I just have to keep pushing myself!
Chika: You're doing squats, and like, aren't those kinda dangerous, scientifically speaking?
Kazuko: Well, it puts some pressure on the knees, but maybe the really dangerous ones are bunny hops? We still do 'em at the Kawakami Temple.
Gakuto: Wow, the little one's workin' hard.
Takuya: Class is starting soon, Wanko.
Chris: Did you make sure to do your homework, Dog?
Kazuko: Huh? What're you talking about?
Miyako: We have Japanese History next. You have to answer these questions on the Kamakura period.
Kazuko: Whoops! I completely forgot!
Chris: I am frustrated by his tendency to assign all non-Heian periods as homework.
Takuya: Especially since you could use a better grounding on more modern history, Chris.
Chris: Such as the Warring States period? I would certainly love to learn more about that.
Takuya: You'd call the 16th century 'modern'?
Kazuko: Awawawa. Wh-What do I do?!
Kazuko: Umm... *glance*
Miyako: Hm?
Kazuko: I-I'm in big trouble... *glance*
Miyako: So what?
Kazuko: Awww... Fine, make me spit it out. Show me your homework, Miyako.
Miyako: If I must... You truly want to see? You're that greedy?
Kazuko: Yep yep!
Miyako: All right, here.
Kazuko: Yay!
Chris: How dare you carry out such injustice before my watchful eyes?
Yamato: Calm down, fair lady.
Chris: D-Do not attempt your flattery on me.
*Despite her words, she grew visibly calmer. I'd clearly taken the right tact.*
Yamato: This amount of help is fine. We're just making sure she doesn't get in trouble.
Yamato: However, this homework covers some important fundamentals.
Yamato: I'll give you some extra homework on the same material. I expect it to be done by tomorrow.
Chris: Well, in that case, I suppose I ought to be lenient.
Kazuko: Huh? But I want to train.
Yamato: It would be embarrassing not to know this stuff.
Yamato: And you don't want to embarrass yourself, do you? *smile*
Kazuko: Wawawawa! There's so much sadism in that smile... I-I'll do it!
Miyako: You're such a strict father.
Yamato: I wouldn't need to be if her mother stopped indulging her.
Kazuko: But I'm pretty sure Onee-sama and Capt don't do their homework either...
Yamato: And that's why they're bad examples.
Miyako: Mm-hm. Make sure to learn the basics.
Kazuko: Mommy and daddy, you're both super scary.
Miyako: I'm enjoying this game of playing house. I would even play it permanently.
Kazuko: ... Silently, she copied Miyako's homework.
Chris: What you are doing is depressing, yet there is a certain adorableness to seeing you at work.
Gakuto: Whoa, you actually complimented her?
Chris: I do like cute things, after all.
Kazuko: Y-You don't get to call me a 'thing'.
Kazuko: What should I do, Tactician Yamato?
Yamato: Show her the parts of you that aren't remotely cute.
Kazuko: O-Oh! THen I'll prove to her I'm an adult!
Kazuko: Moro, is the coffee you're drinking black?
Takuya: Yeah. I like my coffee black.
Kazuko: Give it to me. I'll drink it.
Chika: As if drinking coffee black makes you--
Chris: B-But that coffee is black -- there is no sugar. And yet... That is a formidable challenge, Dog.
Mayo: It actually seems to be working.
Kazuko: Watch me. *gulp, gulp*
Kazuko: Blech... *gulp* ...It's so bitter... *gulp*
Chris: Oh, so you have proven to be cute after all.
Kazuko: I-I said I'm not cute! Why won't you listen to me?!
Kazuko: ...Oh! Somebody blew their whistle because they're looking for me!
Kazuko: Onee-sama! I'm coming!
*Wanko dashed off.*
Kazuko: Onee-sama!
Momoyo: Oh! Wanko, over here!
Momoyo: The cookies the Cooking Club gave me are delicious.
Momoyo: Want to split them?
Kazuko: Yay! Yes!
Yamato: Hey, our dog's not coming back.
Miyako: There she goes again... Class is starting soon, too.
*Miyako had finished copying her homework for Wanko.*
Takuya: We have to get ready for Japanese History too.
*Moro took out her textbook for her.*
Yamato: She's never going to learn if you keep covering for her.
Yamato: The easier you make it for her now, the harder we'll have to make the assignment.
Shouichi: Sounds like you're covering for her too, Yamato.
Yamato: Mmm... I guess I am, aren't I?
*Because at the end of the day, Kawakami Kazuko was our beloved mascot.*
*I blew the dog whistle.*
Yamato: I've called for Wanko.
Momoyo: Shouldn't we ask Kumaan (Kumagai Mitsuru) for help, too?
Shouichi: He said the place we're going to today's not to his liking.
Momoyo: Well, most gourmets are all picky about their ramen.
Kazuko: Who called for me?!
Yamato: Oh, she came running.
Shouichi: She's small, cute, and awesome... The perfect mascot all right.
Momoyo: Wanko, my cute, adorable sister... Do you have some free time?
Kazuko: Yep. I was just resting up a bit after some training.
Shouichi: How's your stomach doing? Hungry? Starving?
Kazuko: My tummy's empty, yeah. And you called me here, so I should get a treat.
Yamato: I'll do you one better. Come on.
Kazuko: 'Kay. Let's go!
Kazuko: I don't follow strangers, but I know you're safe to follow!
Momoyo: All right, let's get moving. Our destination is Ramen Kawatomi-ke.
Kazuko: Huh? They're handing out 5,000 yen just for eating a super-duper-extra-large-deluxe tonkotsu ramen in twenty minutes?
Momoyo: That's definitely a lot. Are you up to the challenge, Wanko?
Kazuko: Easy peasy. I told you, my tummy's empty.
Yamato: Then if you can eat it all, you'll cover the rest of our food. Okay?
Kazuko: Yeah, all right. I've got this.
Shouichi: Sweet, go get 'em! We'll all be having normal servings.
Momoyo: Saving money on food is a huge help. I'll have ramen with firm noodles.
Shouichi: Me too, but with extra oil, soft noodles, and a thick broth! Oh, and gimme the works!
*I had...*
A bowl of ramen
Lunch set of mapo doufu with annin tofu
A mountain of gyoza
Yamato: One ramen, regular.
Shouichi: Whoa, not even tryin' to spice it up? You've got to ask for what you want!
Yamato: I like it normal. That is what I want.
Yamato: Lunch Set B, the mapo doufu with annin tofu.
Momoyo: Oh, looks like someone's treading his own path.
Yamato: I eat what I like. You taught me that, Nee-san.
Yamato: Rice, and all the gyoza you've got.
Momoyo: That's certainly a manly choice, but what about...
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll take care of my breath.
*Our food arrived. Wanko had 20 minutes.*
Kazuko: This... is really hot. (She blew on it.)
Shouichi: You never worry 'bout these things, do you? Well, not that you got anything to worry about.
Kazuko: I want to cool it down first! Ten minutes is more than enough.
Momoyo: Tell me quietly if you don't think you can finish.
Momoyo: I'll create a microscopic black hole to remove some the stuff at the bottom of the bowl.
Kazuko: I'll do my best so you won't have to waste an Ultimate on a bowl of ramen!
Yamato: Kazuko-san, maybe you should get started?
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: *slurp* *munch*
Shouichi: Haha, you're wolfing it all down.
Momoyo: Yeah, I love watching her go at it.
Yamato: At this pace, she should be fine. The waiter's in total disbelief.
Momoyo: Yeah, since the littlest of us is the one eating the most.
Shouichi: I have an idea. Wanna stop by the secret base after this?
Momoyo: I'm for it. I was getting bored.
Shouichi: Right? So long as I'm around, you'll never be bored.
Yamato: Want to play Bluff? You know, the game Sparrow was playing in that movie?
Kazuko: That game looked like fun. Teach me, teach me!
Yamato: You can join the conversation after you finish eating.
Kazuko: Whoops, right.
Shouichi: Hurry up a bit. And you have to drink the broth too, or it doesn't count.
Kazuko: 'Kay. (Gulp, gulp, gulp...)
Momoyo: I'm counting on you. After all, I didn't even bring any money.
Shouichi: And you'd better believe I didn't either. Heck, that's common sense.
Kazuko: Whew!     Done!
Momoyo: 19 minutes on the dot. Nice job! (She patted her sister's head.)
Kazuko: Ehehehehe!
Kazuko: Oh, but 5,000 yen means there'll be some left over.
Shouichi: Believe it or not, that cash's all yours!
Yamato: Only you could make someone feel lucky for getting money they earned.
Kazuko: Then I'll order a little extra.
Yamato: You're still hungry?
Kazuko: I can't only eat greasy food. I need veggies too.
Shouichi: You're been eating more lately. Planning on molting out of your skin?
Kazuko: My body wants to grow. Then I'll have big boobs.
Shouichi: Nah, that ain't happening. Throw in the towel and let that fight end.
Kazuko: I will too have big boobs! I believe I will, so I will!
Yamato: Yeah, I'm sure you'll have an impressive rack.
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah. Yamato, you should have a black oolong tea. I'll pay.
Shouichi: Hey! Dammit, that was cheap!
Yamato: Hmph, all I did was act supportive. That's how you get ahead in life.
Kazuko: C'mon! Let's go play at the base!
*--The secret base.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
Shouichi: She was so excited, and now she's asleep. No surprise there.
Momoyo: Well, between working out and filling her stomach, of course she got tired.
Momoyo: Let her sleep. Heheh. There, there, my cute little sister.
Yamato: I accounted for this possibility.
Yamato: I called Mayucchi and a few others. They're on their way.
Shouichi: Nice attentiveness, Tactician. Have a Medal of Excellence.
Takuya: Hey. I went and got some snacks.
Gakuto: Oh, half the gang's here.
Momoyo: Welp, I guess there wasn't a need to call for people after all.
Gakuto: Oh-ho, one of the little ones is asleep.
Takuya: Ahaha, she looks so happy.
Kazuko: Zzz... Kuri, ready to give up? ...Zzz...
*Wanko happily slept under our warm, watchful gazes.*
Kazuko: Good morning, everyone!
Yamato: Hey, Wanko.
*Once again, Wanko arrived at school full of energy and with a string of tires tied to her waist.*
Yukie: Wow... I'm amazed how much you train every single day.
Matsukaze: Yo, girl, you're on fire. That trainin' is mad hard.
Kazuko: Well yeah. I started after everyone else, so I have to make up for it.
Kazuko: So I'm running today, just like every other day! Rahh!
Yukie: And there she goes...
Yukie: She hasn't even been training for a decade, and she's already so strong...
Chris: It must be the fruits of her hard work. I respect that aspect of her.
Chris: However, I will not lose to her in a match.
Momoyo: Haha, isn't my little sister something else?
Momoyo: Tell her to run a hundred meters, and she'll run 130.
Momoyo: Tell her to run a kilometer, and she'll keep going another two hundred meters on top of that.
Momoyo: Most people, knowing their training regimen is tailored to push themselves to their limit, wouldn't do something that crazy. But she's different.
Takuya: Someday, all that hard work will bear fruit and she'll be standing shoulder-to-shoulder with you.
Momoyo: Yeah, that'll be the day. Hahaha.
Momoyo: I hope she pulls it off. Really, I do.
Shouichi: A fired-up sibling rivalry! I'll sell the tickets!
Momoyo: ...Yeah, that would fire me up.
Yamato: Umm, maybe it's a little early to start selling tickets?
Miyako: ...?
*............*
Lu: Oh, Kazuko. I see you're wearing the wristbands we discussed.
Kazuko: Yes, I'm wearing the twelve kilogram ones.
Lu: Again you push yourself... I told you that ten would suffice.
Lu: I tailored my instructions to your capabilities.
Kazuko: But I want to become way stronger, Assistant Master!
Kazuko: So I thought, maybe I could handle a little more.
Lu: I know... Well, you do your best with twelve.
Kazuko: Yes, sir! Okay, I'm off to get some sleep during class.
Lu: No, you must not abandon your studies! Seek to be a warrior-scholar!
Kazuko: Ahaha, fine. I'll do my best.
Kazuko: See you later, Assistant Master!
Lu: Yes, take care.
Kazuko: Dash time!
Lu: Hey, no running in the hallways!
*Kazuko zipped out of the room.*
Lu: ...Dreams are marvelous things. Hers let her shine brighter than any star could.
Lu: And yet...
Lu: No, not now. Fight on, Kazuko.
Chika: I am always so envious of how white and smooth your skin is, Chris.
Chris: I-Is that so?
Chika: Though I totally can't see you having any muscle.
Haguro: Fencing's all about speed, so of course Chris wouldn't bulk up.
Chris: That is rather prejudiced. Shall we arm wrestle to prove it?
Haguro: Now you're talking. You ain't got no idea what I can do.
Chika: Haguro's work involves manual labor, after all.
Mayo: Then ready, go!
Haguro:  Raaahhhh! Get fucked!
Mayo: Wawa! She's really getting into this.
Chika: But Chris didn't even budge.
Chris: You will need more than that to defeat me.: See?
Haguro: Whoa, you totally wiped the floor with me! You are way too strong, girlfriend.
Chika: Isn't she the strongest girl in our class?
Kazuko: I've got something to say about that!
Chika: Oh, Wanko. Right, I forgot about you.
Mayo: But Wanko-chan, when you dueled her...
Kazuko: I might've lost then, but not this time, Kuri!
Chris: An arm wrestling match, then?
Kazuko: Yeah. Raw strength's a part of power too.
Mayo: Ready... Set...: Go!
Kazuko: Fight's on! Seyah!
Chris: Gh! You have strength, I will give you that!
Chika: Wow, this is totally intense.
Mayo: They're both taking this so seriously.
Chris: Nnngh...
Kazuko: Mmnnngh!
Kazuko: Gh... Ugh!
Chris: And yet... Victory is mine!
*Kazuko's hand banged against the table.*
Kazuko: Ow...
Mayo: Wow, Chris-chan won. Since you're so strong, take a caramel.
Chris: What is one supposed to say in Japanese at a moment like this? Ah, yes.: Domo arigato, Ms. Roboto!
Kazuko: Kh... I-I'm not done yet!
Kazuko: I'm more about speed than strength. So you need more than this to tell how powerful I am.
Chris: But you said that raw strength is a part of power.
Kazuko: Stop sweating the small stuff and let's have a match! A second match! A rematch!
Chris: ...If you are that insistent, I suppose I will accept.
Kazuko: We arm-wrestled empty-handedly, so let's fight empty-handed, too?
Chris: Yes, that sounds fine. I will not lose regardless.
Kazuko: Heheheh. I'll shatter that confidence of yours.
Kazuko: Okay. If we're doing this, we might as well have a crowd.
Kazuko: This time, I know I'll win. And everyone's going to see it.
Takuya: So you see, they're looking for an audience.
Kazuko: Hehehe. You're about to lose in front of all of our friends, Kuri.
Chris: I could say much the same to you, Dog.
Yukie: It's strange, but they seem so happy.
Momoyo: Yeah, they really hit it off.
Momoyo: How about you, Mayu-Mayu? Wanna fight me?
Yukie: M-Me? Fight you? But you're so... No, I could never be a match for you.
Momoyo: You're sure? Well, let's leave it at that.
Gakuto: Moro Shounosuke will be your referee.
Takuya: Mmm, I'm not sure if I can. But I'll try.
Takuya: Okay. You two will be participating in unarmed combat! No time limit, first clean blow wins!
Kazuko: Shrah!
Chris: I am ready when you are.
Takuya: Get ready. Stand tall and fight fair. Begin!
Kazuko:  First come--!
Chris:  First served!
*Chris's fist struck home an instant before Kazuko's.*
Kazuko: Ow!
*Wanko went down.*
Takuya: Point! Winner, Chris! ...That's everything, right, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: Yeah. That was quick, but good.
Chris: My reach is simply longer. But, well, you surely can not complain. We had a real match.
Kazuko: Nnngh!
Chris: Heheheh.
Gakuto: You really did become friends in a flash.
Yukie: I wish I could make friends that fast.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, girl, you gotta be bold this summer.
Yukie: Bold?
Matsukaze: Damn straight. Unleash them Hokuriku instincts!
Yukie: That's a rather big channel to cross...
Takuya: Maybe you could stop chatting with Matsukaze while you're here with us?
Yukie: Hauu?! I-I'm sorry about Matsukaze...
Kazuko: Nngh, stupid longer European arms, giving you an advantage over us Japanese.
Miyako: But lately, Japanese women are starting to have more glamorous figures.
Gakuto: Hahaha, so being Japanese has nothin' to do with it.
Gakuto: You're just tiny. Poor Wanko.
Kazuko: Gaagggghhh! Yeagh! Ragh!
Gakuto: Wow, she's literally tossing and turnin' in anger.
Chris: How adorable... There, there.
Kazuko: If only I could dislocate and hyperextend my arm in some sort of zoom punch. Then I'd win!
Momoyo: That's not a technique a speedster like you should learn.
Momoyo: Focus on your speed instead. That's how you'll win.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Chris: A rematch feels imminent.
Kazuko: Kuri! Next time, I'll strip all that confidence out of you!
Gakuto: You're goin' to strip Kuri? ...Make sure I'm there for this.
Momoyo: Backbreaker! Take this, and this, and this!
Gakuto: Yeouch! You're supposed to go easy on a friend!
Miyako: She wasn't going to hold back, not after what you said.
Miyako: Well, Yamato? Do you want to do any stripping?
Yamato: Nee-san, hit Miyako with a Flying Mare!
Kazuko: Time to get back to training ASAP! Push-ups!: 1, 2, 3, 4...
Shouichi: It's getting crazy out here. Sometimes, even the wind's gotta take it slow.
Takuya: Wow, Capt's actually too tired to do anything. That never happens.
Shouichi: There's a time for everything... Zzz...
*Life couldn't be more peaceful.*
Kazuko: *Yawn!*
Yamato: Where'd that giant yawn come from?
Kazuko: Mngh... So yesterday, I was working on this new technique and it took forever to get right, so... *yawn*
Yamato: Oh, but you're done with it?
Kazuko: Mn-hm. I'm calling it Kawakami Roasted Chestnuts.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure I know the intended target for that new technique.
Yamato: Look, just don't fall asleep during homeroom.
Kazuko: I know. I'm not stupid enough to sleep during Ms. Ume's classes.
*Then Ms. Ume arrived.*
Umeko: Now, as for today's homeroom...
Kazuko: Zzz...
Yamato: (Nope, you are this stupid. But I knew this might happen.)
*I'd already moved my desk closer to hers.*
*I grabbed Wanko's ponytail. Hard.*
Kazuko: Wah?!
Yamato: Hey, I told you not to sleep.
Kazuko: Whoops, I-I'm sorry... I was just so sleepy.
Umeko: What's going on, Kawakami and Naoe? I hope you're not having a private conversation.
Yamato: I'm sorry. We were wondering what's going on outside.
Umeko: Oh, I was just about to tell you all about that.
Umeko: Kawakami Dance Festival 2009 is going on in the city right now.
Chris: Oh? You have piqued my curiosity.
Umeko: To be concise, it's a dance contest.
Umeko: The principal has told me there are many TV stations covering them this year.
Umeko: Anyone is welcome to join, so those interested should go participate and try to stand out.
Yamato: So we're doing PR work for the school?
Umeko: Well, yes. He specifically said to stand out and prove our worth.
Kazuko: Wow, that sounds fun!
Chris: Dancing, you say? Very good. I am not opposed to dancing.
Chika: But just joining in is totally ridiculous. We haven't even practiced.
Kazuko: Hmmm... Oh, Ms. Ume, I have a question!
Umeko: Kawakami, I give you permission to speak.
Kazuko: Can I bring one of the replica weapons to go dance with?
Kazuko: I'll figure out how I'll pull it off on the spot, with my soul!
Umeko: Swear to me that you won't use the weapon for any other purpose.
Kazuko: I'll swear, in the name of the Kawakami Temple!
Umeko: Then I can be certain you will keep your word.
Umeko: All right. Now go and prove yourself!
Kazuko: Yay! C'mon, Kuri! You're on!
Chris: We are having a match? Over this?
Kazuko: The winner's whoever can dance more passionately!
Chris: And how would we judge that?
Kazuko: They're showing all the best dancers on TV, right?
Chris: I see. So the victor is whoever gets more airtime. Hmm...
Chris: Surely Father would rejoice to see me dancing on TV.
Chris: I shall participate as well! May I use the rapier?
Umeko: Sure. Dance to your heart's content.
Kazuko: Haha, this is going to be so different and fun! Let's go already!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, may we go watch?
Umeko: If you wish, yes. You are free to do so, today at least.
Shouichi: Sweet! Let's move, Yamato!
Umeko: However, I expect you back by second period.
Mayo: Aren't you going to go dance, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: Heh... There wouldn't be much fun in that.
Mayo: Huh? Don't say that! I'm sure it would be fun!
Umeko: D-Do you think so? *cough*
Mitsuru: I think your whip dance is breathtaking, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: Hmm...
Umeko: Like this?
Mayo: Wow, it's so elegant.
Mitsuru: You're really into it.
Haguro: You should totally go! Get on TV, and like, maybe some stud'll fall for you! Gahahaha!
Umeko: Dammit, Haguro! Grit your teeth!
Haguro: Gaahhhh! Shit, that feels good!
*--Italian shopping district.*
Kazuko: Seyah!
Chris: Hah!
*The two had begun their dances, Kazuko with the naginata and Chris with the rapier.*
Shouichi: Hot damn, they're standing out. Nice.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Such fortune, to be here this day! Such wonders to behold!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, Our support is yours!
Azumi: Would you like to dance as well, Hideo-sama?
Hideo: Indeed, how We would love to take the stage, to be showered with applause...
Hideo: Yet presently, We are enthralled by the rapturous movements of her naginata.
Azumi: Do you feel that strongly towards Wan--I mean, Kazuko-san?
Hideo: Indeed...
Azumi: (Damn you, Wanko! You thieving bitch!!!)
Hideo: We can but hope her dreams become reality.
Hideo: For naught could be more beautiful than the smile that will adorn her visage at that moment.
Hideo: Our sole desire is that We can be by her side to see it.
Hideo: Perhaps then the ache in Our arm will finally cease.
Azumi: Hideo-sama...
Yamato: Oh, Kuki Hideo's here to watch this, too?
*I immediately spotted him in his flamboyant dress.*
*Strangely, he wasn't joining the dance.*
Yamato: I thought he'd dive right in, given his personality, but... Could it be?
*He had eyes only for Wanko.*
*A showoff like him would put himself aside, in order to watch over her?*
Tadakatsu: ...Well, ain't they pretty.
Yamato: Oh, Gen-san, you came to watch?
Shouichi: I thought you hated being in a crowd.
Tadakatsu: I'm killin' time. What's the point of stickin' around school, you know?
Shouichi: That's super convincing. I completely get you.
Takuya: Capt, looks like there's a couple of guys joining in too.
Shouichi: Whoa, then me too! No one'll stand out more than me!
Shouichi: You too, Moro! Now's the time to party!
Takuya: I said I'm fine! You know I'm shy!
Yamato: You're not going, Gen-san? No, you wouldn't.
Tadakatsu: If you know the answer, then don't ask it. You're pissin' me off.
Tadakatsu: Watchin's all I need.
Yamato: (Is Gen-san watching someone in particular?)
*Given where he was looking and who he knew, he must've been looking at Wanko.*
Yamato: (Maybe he thinks of her as a little sister...)
Yamato: (Nah, there's a good chance there's some romance sprinkled in.)
Yamato: (But it's just a chance. There's no point dwelling on it.)
Yamato: ...I see.
Tadakatsu: ...? See what?
Yamato: Nah, it's nothing.
*Maybe that airhead was more popular than I thought.*
*Wanko was sprinting alongside the river again today.*
Kazuko: Rahhhhh!
Yamato: Wow, you cut another second off your time!
*I was mostly relaxing in the sun, but I did have a stopwatch in hand to time her.*
Lu: Oh, I see Kazuko's hard at work. Good, good.
Yamato: Mr. Lu.
Lu: I will take a seat next to you, Naoe-kun. Here, have some protein-enriched milk.
Yamato: That's a hardcore thing to offer.
Lu: I see Kazuko continues to try her best every day.
Yamato: She's addicted to her training, at this point.
Lu: Haha, but that is the only way.
Yamato: To make her dream come true? It's tough, I know.
Lu: Our role is simple. We teach martial arts and give the opportunity to train.
Lu: Other than that, we are a support that provides whatever assistance we can.
Yamato: Becoming that support is what she looks forward to.
Lu: It's a simple job... But the road to becoming an assistant master is tough.
Lu: There are so many trials one must overcome.
Lu: Many try every year, but hardly anyone passes.
Yamato: I've heard it's hyper-competitive, but I didn't realize it was that hard.
Lu: It is. Only those with immense talent and great drive can hope to eventually succeed.
Yamato: And to think that you, Mr. Lu, are one of them.
Lu: All I know is martial arts. In everything else, I'm below average.
Lu: But that is fine. Having something, even one thing, to be proud of can strengthen one's spirit.
Yamato: I feel the same way.
Lu: Kazuko is like me. She wants her martial arts to be a thing of pride.
Yamato: I think Wanko's lucky to be in the situation she's in.
Lu: Hm? How so?
Yamato: Isn't it easier for the daughter of the Kawakami Temple to become an assistant master?
Lu: That is irrelevant. To preserve the Kawakami martial arts in its truest form, only those with genuine ability are accepted.
Lu: In fact, Kawakami Momoyo's parents have been on a training journey ever since they lost to me.
Yamato: Oh, that's why they aren't around.
Lu: As such, there was the possibility that I would become the successor.
Lu: Yet the dragon's grandchild proved to be a dragon herself... Momoyo will surely succeed him.
Yamato: There's no denying that she's strong.
Lu: Haha! How true that is. She could smash the whole galaxy, if she wanted.
Yamato: Come on, now I know you're joking. Hahaha.
Lu: We'll save that for another time. About Kazuko...
Lu: Being family gives her no advantage in becoming an assistant master.
Yamato: Does Wanko know that?
Lu: Of course. From the beginning.
Lu: She chose this rugged path herself.
Yamato: ...Then... Her dream...
*Might never come true? But I couldn't bring myself to say something that heavy.*
Lu: This is a meritocracy. How she fares depends on her alone.
Yamato: Hmm... I didn't realize how severe things were.
Yamato: Mr. Lu, please help Wanko to achieve her dream.
Lu: I am doing everything that I can.
Momoyo: Someone's been spilling the beans on how we operate.
Yamato: Nee-san, when did you...?
Lu: Everything I told him is commonly known. It's fine.
*Assistant Master Lu must have already known she was here.*
Momoyo: Yeah, I guess. I don't really keep it a secret either.
Momoyo: So I don't care about that, but Assistant Master, don't you have a schedule to keep?
Momoyo: I'll watch over Wanko today.
Lu: Okay. Then take care, Momoyo. Try to stay out of debt.
*Assistant Master Lu left swiftly.*
Momoyo: ...Heh, he's such a softy...
Yamato: So Nee-san, I guess it's really hard to become an assistant master at Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: Yeah. We get applicants from all over the world looking to become one.
Yamato: You want Wanko to succeed too, right?
Momoyo: Obviously. Of course I'd support her dreams...
Momoyo: But more than that, I want someone I can fully trust being my support.
Yamato: Is there anything you could do to give her an edge?
Momoyo: Not a chance. That would be an insult to our martial arts, and to her.
Yamato: Oh...
Momoyo: What's wrong? You seem really worried about her.
Yamato: I mean, of course I am.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff. Last one!
Yamato: With all the work she's putting in, day after day...
Yamato: I really hope she makes it through.
Momoyo: ...Yeah, you said it.
*I'd known it was hard, but I'd had no idea how severe the competition was.*
*I'd been a fool to convince myself her being family would be enough.*
Yamato: Wait, how old was Assistant Master Lu when he got hit title?
Momoyo: Um, maybe 37? On the young side, definitely.
Yamato: Whoa, that's considered young? How long did it take?
Momoyo: Enough that you could call it a marathon. There aren't any shortcuts.
Yamato: So Wanko has another twenty years of work ahead of her?
Momoyo: It depends on the person. Could be shorter, could be longer.
Yamato: Hmm.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff! All done!
Yamato: Nice job.
Momoyo: Mm-hm, nice job!
Kazuko: Onee-sama! You're here!
Momoyo: I'm always watching over you.
Kazuko: Eheheheh!
Yamato: Seriously, good work.
Kazuko: Thanks! And thank you for timing me!
*The sight of her smile sent pain through my heart.*
Yamato: ...How do you...?
Kazuko: Hm?
*When her future was so uncertain, how could she...?*
Kazuko: Tell me, tell me! What's up?
Yamato: Eh, I was just marveling over how you have such a carefree smile.
Kazuko: Where'd that come from? I'm not giving you anything.
Yamato: I talked with Nee-san and Mr. Lu. The road to becoming an assistant master is more difficult than I thought.
Yamato: You have such a struggle ahead of you. Aren't you worried?
Kazuko: Yeah, of course I'm worried.
Kazuko: But you know, my favorite word is 'courage'.
Kazuko: Whatever happens, I just need to have the courage to throwing myself at it!
*Wanko struck a fighting pose.*
Yamato: I see.
Kazuko: 'Keep pushing forward' is the Kazama Family's way.
Yamato: Yeah, I guess you're right...
*And my heart hurt a little bit more.*
*...I had had a dream once, too.*
*A dream of saving the sinking ship called Japan.*
*To change this country.*
*However, as the years passed, I came to realize that it was exactly that -- a dream.*
*So I gave up on it... But now I wondered if I had made the right choice.*
Yamato: You're so dazzling.
*I patted Wanko's head.*
Kazuko: Oh?
Kazuko: What is it? What's going on?
Yamato: It's nothing, really. (I reassured her with more head pats.)
Kazuko: Aww... C'mon, tell me. You're never like this.
Yamato: I said that you're stupid.
Kazuko: Hey, that's mean! And this is my after-practice rest, too!
Kazuko: I'll punish you! Deyah!
Yamato: Whoa, stop! Don't tackle me!
Momoyo: Heheh... You two are adorable.
Momoyo: It's almost summer...
Momoyo: ...We're going to have to tell her soon.
Momoyo: The plan was to wait another year, but... the earlier, the better.
Momoyo: Wanko...
Kazuko: Hm? What?
Momoyo: ...Mind if I help you mess with Yamato?
Yamato: Wait, what? Why?!
Kazuko: 'Kay! Let's pin him!
Yamato: Two warrior monks, against one defenseless boy? Have you no shame?
Momoyo: Heh, thanks for the compliment.
Yamato: Whoops. I just pissed you off, didn't I?
Momoyo: So maybe I'll tickle your sides.
Kazuko: And maybe I'll go after the soles of your feet.
Yamato: This wasn't supposed to turn out like this!
Momoyo: Maybe next time you'll think before turning all sentimental.
Kazuko: He's weak! Get him!
Momoyo: You're lucky, Yamato. You get to be the meat in a Kawakami sandwich.
Yamato: Liar! That isn't what this is, and you know it!
*The samurai sisters proceeded to tease me down in the riverbed.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*There was a girl I was interested in.*
*Kawakami Kazuko.*
*Our Family's cute mascot.*
*Stupid as stupid could be, but lovable all the same.*
*We'd been together ever since we were small.*
*Since the Family first banded together, even.*
*Back then, she'd been a hopeless crybaby.*
*But now, thanks to her Kawakami upbringing, she was so full of energy.*
*I wouldn't say she was all that was on my mind, but...*
*Lately, we'd been talking a lot.*
Kazuko: My dream is to become an assistant master at Kawakami Temple!
*I honestly respected her lofty goal and hard work.*
*I wanted to be like her.*
*...Maybe it wasn't too late.*
*For now, we were nothing more than friends.*
*But I had no idea what the future might hold.*
*Would Wanko's hard work bear fruit and make her strong?*
*May her dream come true, I prayed.*
*The summer of 2009 had just begun.*
*--School, homeroom.*
Umeko: I have reviewed your career surveys...
Umeko: A number of you need to resubmit! How can you deliberate so little on your futures?!
Umeko: Including you, Shimazu Gakuto! My husband?! That's it? Are you as stupid as you look?!
Gakuto: I'm not stupid. I'm deadly serious!
Umeko: That's even worse!
Gakuto: Gwah! The whip of love!
Umeko: And Haguro. 'Nothing really' is unacceptable.
Haguro: Hmm... But, like, I totally don't know. What do you want from me?
Haguro: That whole 'get in touch with your inner self' thing doesn't click with me.
Umeko: Fukumoto! What is a women's cameraman?!
Ikurou: It's my dream job.
Umeko: That's not what I'm asking.
Umeko: I want to know what kind of job it is.
Ikurou: It's a cameraman who seeks the pinnacle of feminine beauty!
Chika: Gross.
Umeko: Is the female body the only thing on your uncultured mind?
Ikurou: Call me gross, whip me all you want...
Ikurou: I won't back down! This is my path!
Ikurou: The female body is a divine work of art!
Mayo: That's kind of cool, Fukumo-chan!
Chika: If only he were interested in literally anything else...
Umeko: Ugh... Enough about you.
Ikurou: My love and passion got through to her!
Takuya: Maybe, minus the love part. But I think she just gave up.
Umeko: Those of you are resubmitting your work, take some time to think before you do.
*--During break.*
Gakuto: Ahh... I gotta do it all over again.
Suguru: Just say you will be a wage slave and move on.
Gakuto: What did you write?
Suguru: Physicist.
Suguru: One day, I will link the 2D world to our own!
Takuya: That's some seriously amazing motivation.
Ikurou: I was certain you'd go with 'game designer.'
Suguru: Were that my main profession, I would no longer be able to enjoy being a player.
Suguru: Well, I am interested in doing indie projects.
Takuya: I guess my dream is to make games.
Takuya: But that doesn't provide for a stable income, you know?
Takuya: Yamato, what did you write?
*I had written...*
Company Employee
Baby Chicken Sexer
Miyako's Husband
Porn Star
*Yes, I had gone with the safe choice.*
*No, that was too professional.*
*If I answered with that, my future would be set in stone.*
*No, I shouldn't even joke about it.*
*No, that wouldn't go over well, given the mood.*
Yamato: I went with the safe answer of company employee.
Chris: I will be entering the military.
Miyako: I wrote 'Housewife (Yamato's wife)' and I didn't get mine back.
Miyako: This means the school supports our relationship.
Miyako: We're a little bit closer now, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, Wanko didn't get hers back either.
Miyako: There you go again, obviously changing the subject.
Kazuko: I mean, I'm aiming to be an assistant master at Kawakami Temple.
Yamato: Right, yeah...
Mitsuru: I put down 'Gourmet Restaurant Reviewer.'
Shouichi: 'Adventurer' for me, and they gave the okay!
*These were everyone's dreams.*
*How many of us would see theirs come true?*
*Practical philosophy class was in session...*
Kyojin: Okay, today we'll be talking about career paths--
Haguro: Yo yo, Beardy! Question! Totally got a question here!
Kyojin: Oh? What is it, Ganguro?
Haguro: The name's Haguro, Beardy. You think I'm nothing, just 'cause I'm your student?!
Kyojin: Maybe you should stop looking down on your teachers... Whatever, just ask.
Haguro: So, like, there any stable and easy jobs out there?
Ikurou: That's a hard question these days.
Kyojin: Of course there are.
Yamato: Well, there's public service. That's the first thing that comes to mind.
Kyojin: Yeah, good old government work. Nothing better. Especially if you work for a local government.
Kazuko: Hmm, it's that good?
Chika: Those people totally get to go home at a regular time.
Kyojin: Well, there is that, and they get a stable income.
Kyojin: I've got a few friends in public service, and their complaint's always the same.
Kyojin: That it's not exciting. They've got their whole path laid out for them, no surprises.
Suguru: A first-world problem at its finest. Many would kill to have it.
Mitsuru: Right? That sounds wonderful to me. *om nom nom*
Shouichi: Nah, it's a whirlwind tour through life, or it's nothing.
Shouichi: You're not alive if you ain't rolling the dice. Risk your life, push yourself to the edge and live to tell the tale.
Chris: I would propose that there is such a thing as living too much in the moment.
Kyojin: So if you want stability, this old man can't recommend a government job highly enough.
Haguro: Sweet, okay.
Kyojin: Besides, you're a woman. So local officials, they get a full three years of maternity leave. Paid maternity leave.
Haguro: ...Legit?
Kyojin: And what if you have a second child? Then that time doubles to six years. With pay!
Haguro: That's sick. I'd be a one-woman army.
Kyojin: Take that as you will.
Kyojin: What you should take home is, if you don't have any dreams or goals, set out to work for the government.
Kyojin: You'll have all the free time you want for your own hobbies.
Kyojin: Oh, but don't say that outright while you're interviewing. A job's a job. You still have to do the work.
Ikurou: Also, what do you hear about being a Buddhist priest?
Yamato: You get to savor being a tax-free organization, but... that's got its own struggles. You do anything for-profit and stuff gets taxed anyways.
Chris: You are strangely knowledgeable on the subject.
Yamato: I mean, I guess?
Chris: Now why is that?
Yamato: I read books, newspapers, stuff online, talk to people, and that lets me understand the gist of things.
Chris: Mmm, all right.
Yamato: I would've expected you to know more about that stuff, Chris.
Chris: S-Such things have nothing to do with bushido or chivalry.
Yamato: Excuses? Well, if you can live with that.
Chris: A-Are you trying to annoy me?!
Kyojin: Damn, you two are close, eh?
Yamato: So Chris, I guess she's got a thing for me.
Chris: No! Obviously not! Do not be ludicrous!
Gakuto: Of course you don't, because you actually like me.
Chris: No, not in the slightest.
Gakuto: Someone's not bein' honest with herself.
Takuya: So with you, realistically, I think she means it.
Miyako: ...There they go again.
Kyojin: It's only the biggest temples that are raking in cash.
Chika: So even with temples, there's the rich and there's the poor.
Chika: ...Wait. Wanko, which category does the Kawakami Temple fall into?
Kazuko: So technically, the Kawakami Temple is one of the three largest in Kanto, along with Takao and Narita. We've always got enough food on the table.
Chika: Well, I guess that makes sense, what with all the visitors you get.
Kazuko: But honestly, taking over the temple? That's not my goal.
Kazuko: I want to support Onee-sama, so I'm aiming to be an assistant master.
Kazuko: Well, so long as I can put food on my table, that's enough for me!
Mayo: That's a wonderful goal! *clap clap*
Kyojin: Yeah. Nothing beats making your dreams come true.
Kyojin: ...Nailed it! Right, I need one of you to tell Ms. Kojima all about this moment. And maybe play it up a bit?
Ikurou: Sure, for 3,000 yen.
Kyojin: You idiot! You think money can buy Ms. Kojima's heart?!
Kyojin: ...Somebody, tell her! And tack on that last bit, too!
Mayo: I-I don't think there's any need to take this so seriously.
Chris: Should we truly be studying under a man like him?
Chika: Wow, but like, Wanko, you go girl.
Haguro: I so wish I had a dream like that!
Kazuko: Huh? Wha?
Kazuko: Eheheh. Did you hear that, Yamato?
Yamato: Look at you, all proud of yourself.
*I decided to...*
Praise her
Knock her down a peg
Yamato: I guess I'll praise her. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Waha. Yay, yay.
*Wanko smiled happily.*
Yamato: You're one happy camper.
Yamato: Don't be so proud of yourself. *bonk*
Kazuko: Ouch!
Kazuko: Oww, what was that for?
Yamato: I'm saving my praise for once you make your dream come true.
Kazuko: You don't have to worry about that!
Miyako: Hmm. Well, I wouldn't have been upset if you spoiled her a bit, there.
Yamato: I wasn't really concerning myself about how you felt about it.
Miyako: Well, hmph to you.
Yamato: So now you're upset?
Miyako: I'm blushing.
Miyako: Well? Did the gap send Cupid's arrow through your heart?
Yamato: You can't blush that suddenly!
Shouichi: I sent an arrow through whose heart now?
Takuya: She talkin' 'bout gaps, not Capt!
Takuya: Whew. I thought maybe it'd be fun to try out an accent for that one.
Yamato: You're getting more comfortable in your role, Moro.
Kyojin: I heard that Mr. Lu is also an assistant master at Kawakami Temple.
Kazuko: Yeah. Believe it or not, he's really strong.
Kyojin: If anyone, even non-family, can become a assistant master, it must be a pretty strict competition to make the cut.
Kazuko: If you want to be the best, you've got to beat the rest, right?
Kazuko: So I can't slack off!
Kyojin: Good thing you aren't tested on academics.
Gakuto: If you were, Momo-senpai would never be allowed to take over the temple.
Yamato: If you want to make sure Nee-san never finds out you just said that, I suggest you buy me some gyoza and katayaki senbei from Naruki's.
Gakuto: Hey, hey. You of all people are goin' to threaten me over that?
Kyojin: And I'd like Naruki's Szechuan noodles. That'll teach you not to blurt out everything that comes into your head during class.
Gakuto: Whoa! When did this turn into Mafia Class?
Mitsuru: I do love Naruki's gyoza. *om nom nom*
Kazuko: Kuma-chan, what're you eating? It looks yummy.
Mitsuru: Inadazutsumi's wild yeast bread. They only sell six per day. Do you want some?
Kazuko: Wow, thanks.
*Even our classmates spoiled her.*
Waitress: Party of six? Could I show you to your table?
Gakuto: So here we are, at the family restaurant...
Gakuto: It's me, Chris, Miyako, Mayucchi, Wanko, and Yamato?
Yamato: Moro had something come up, and Nee-san and Capt have work.
Gakuto: Well, these numbers are sufficient.
Yamato: So, I can't remember the last time you called for a meeting. What's up?
Gakuto: Well, let's order first. Man, I'm starving.
Kazuko: I don't really have much money.
Gakuto: I'll pay for anyone's meal, up to 1000 yen each.
Kazuko: Oh, yay yay yay! I need to find me something meaty...
Yamato: You're buying us food? You never buy us food. What's going on?
Chris: Indeed. What is the meaning of this?
Kazuko: Wow, you two are thinking the exact same thing.
Yamato: I think Chris is actually starting to respect me.
Chris: Again, what possibly gives you that impression? Absolutely not!
Chris: ...Hold on. It just occurred to me... Heheheh.
Chris: Perhaps all of this is because you have a thing for me.
Yamato: Wanko, have you decided what you're having?
Chris: Do not ignore me!
Gakuto: Okay, calm down. I've got somethin' serious I want to talk to you guys about.
Gakuto: Somethin' so serious that I'm even willin' to buy you food as thanks.
Miyako: Is this as 'serious' as last time, when you were wracking your brain over the perfect pickup line?
Gakuto: As important as that was, this one is somethin' else entirely. Don't piss your pants when you hear it.
Gakuto: You could even say my decision will change the course of Earth's history.
Miyako: This can only go poorly... But for now, it's time to order.
Miyako: Here, Mayucchi. If you look at the same menu as me, then today will be your lucky day.
Yukie: Okay, thank you. What should I eat...
Matsukaze: Girl, you wanna grab some 'ghetti? How 'bout with some fish roe?
Yukie: Spaghetti would be nice, but I'll stick with soba.
Gakuto: You really like your soba, don't you?
Yukie: Yes. I could even eat soba three times a day.
Chris: I completely understand. I could do the same with inari.
Chris: Yet it seems this tea house wants for inari.
Gakuto: Then what's the plan? Drinks only?
Chris: When everyone else is eating? No... This will do as well.
Kazuko: Everyone's ready? Then let's call the waitress.
Yamato: I already did.
Kazuko: Mmngh. But I wanted to ring the bell over and over...
Waitress: Are you ready to order?
Kazuko: The hamburg steak, fried chicken in soy sauce, and the rice salad soup combo!
Kazuko: Eheheh. That puts me just under 1000 yen.
Yamato: No sirree. You forgot about tax, didn't you?
Kazuko: Huh? Umm, if I add that in... six plus four is... Ah!
Kazuko: I-I'm sorry, Gakuto... I went over...
Gakuto: Eh, well, that's not that big of a deal. They don't call me Gakuto the Benevolent for nothing.
Miyako: Really? Then maybe I'll get a drink too.
Gakuto: You're merciless, Miyako.
Chris: I shall have cream anmitsu.
Yamato: That's it?
Chris: Yes. My stomach is not bottomless.
Chris: ...Though I do have a second stomach just for sweets.
Kazuko:  I love family restaurants. They never skimp on the meat, you know?
*Wanko started playing with her napkin, folding it over and over.*
Miyako: How much do you plan to eat?
*The first dishes arrived at our table.*
Kazuko: Ah!
Yamato: Munch on some of my fries. That'll tide you over.
Kazuko: Really? Thanks *om nom nom*. One more? Yay! *chomp chomp chomp*
Yamato: But I never said... Well, whatever.
Kazuko: I did order the food I did because that kept the total calories low, but I guess this ruins the point of that.
Chris: My. Dog, you also count calories?
Kazuko: I don't really worry about them, but I still look.
Kazuko: ...Oops! Guess I sort of ate them all. Sorry, Yamato!
Yamato: You're a bad girl. (I ground my knuckles against her head.)
Kazuko: Ow ow ow! I said I'm sorry!
*In the midst of all that, Wanko's food arrived.*
*...As everyone finished eating...*
Miyako: What's wrong, Wanko? There's still a quarter of your meat on your plate.
Kazuko: Y-Yeah... So Yamato... Here! This is for the fries!
Yamato: Really? Then don't mind if I do.
Kazuko: Oh...
Yamato: I'm kidding. Go ahead. It's yours.
Kazuko: Yay, yay. *om nom nom*
Chris: She is such an adorable little creature.
Yamato: Isn't she such a good girl?
Kazuko: I was so certain you'd let me have it that I had chills for a second there.
Miyako: You're getting a bit too cocky.
Yamato: Let's clamp down on her a bit more.
Yukie: You two truly sound like a married couple.
Miyako: Miss, could you get her an orange juice? On my bill, please.
Yukie: Bwuh? B-But why would you buy me something?!
Miyako: Heh heh. Just keep the kind words coming.
Kazuko: I wanna get free food too! Okay!
Kazuko: Yamato and Miyako are an item! Get a room, you two!
Yamato: What's that supposed to mean? *glare*
Miyako: You've made my Yamato very angry. *glare*
Kazuko: Wahh! I'm so sorry! What'd I do wrong?!
Gakuto: Your fatal flaw was bein' an airhead, short stuff.
*Everyone nodded in agreement.*
Yamato: So anyways, Chris, Margit went and slid right into 2-S...
Kazuko: Yeah yeah yeah! One day it was like, poof! She's there!
Chris: Indeed. I believe she was dispatched here as a chaperone.
Chris: She seems to have already integrated herself into the class. Not that I would have expected any less.
Miyako: Yeah, I can definitely see her getting along with those 2-S elitists.
Kazuko: I need to fight her soon. I can't wait!
Chris: I do not mean to insult you, Dog, but it will be a challenging contest for you.
Chris: When Mar-san fights seriously, she is a powerful woman. More powerful than you give her credit for.
Miyako: There were some mysterious things about her, but...
Miyako: Is she really that strong? Mmm...
Kazuko: What's wrong with giving her a challenger? I'm so pumped!
Chris: Though speaking of Mar-san, I believe she will be sleeping over in my room on occasion.
Chris: Should you see her at the dorm, trust she is there with my permission.
Yamato: And why's that? Is she homeless?
Chris: I believe her regular quarters are at the Japanese base.
Chris: Additionally, as training, she will camp out on the riverbank.
Yamato: Soldiers sure have it rough.
Chris: Regardless, she worries about me.
Chris: So I asked that she spend some nights with me.
Gakuto: That's way overprotective.
Yamato: That'll bring even more chaos to the dorm...
*We'd finished eating, and so the waitress cleared our dishes.*
Gakuto: Okay guys, it's time for this conversation to grow serious.
Gakuto: We'll be discussin' my dreams. Now, let's all think about this together.
Miyako: And we're discussing this why?
Gakuto: In a burst of inspiration, I realized that I, Gakuto, have no specific dreams.
Gakuto: For instance... There's finding a mature woman like Ms. Ume and livin' a beautiful life with her.
Kazuko: Then there's that. Sounds like a dream to me.
Gakuto: Nah, Ms. Ume's simply more of a possibility.
Gakuto: If there were someone specific, like how Miyako seeks to be Yamato's bride, now that I could call a dream.
Miyako: Eh-hem.
Yamato: Don't puff out your chest with pride. And don't rub your chest against me either.
Gakuto: And so I ask of you to find me my dream!
Yukie: Huh? But does that mean the rest of you have dreams?
Matsukaze: Damn, dudes... Me'n Mayucchi ain't got nothin'.
Chris: You do not have one either, Mayucchi?
Yukie: Making 100 friends is more like a goal than a dream...
Yukie: All I seek is a happy, peaceful life.
Gakuto: So that said, any ideas?
Yamato: Asking others to determine your dream sounds like a dead-end to me.
Miyako:        --GAME OVER--
Gakuto:  RESUME!
Miyako: But we won't find a better conclusion than that.
Gakuto: My dream is for me to decide. You're just givin' me hints.
Chris: This is a difficult proposition... What answer would satisfy you?
Kazuko: I think maybe it'd be something that uses your muscles?
Gakuto: For you, Wanko, that is an excellent observation. What sort of job would let me show off my abs...
Yukie: That seems like an excellent avenue to explore.
Miyako: And with that, the curtain falls on act 1.
Gakuto: I told you to cut that out, dammit!
*The relaxed space...*
*Filled only with the chatter of my friends...*
*Was something I had always loved.*
Gakuto: Who died and said you get to rush to wrap things up?!
Miyako: It's just a fact.
*Of course, Gakuto wasn't the only one who was yet to settle on a dream.*
*I had called up a guy from another class and was deepening my friendship with him.*
Yamato: Lately, a lot of people in my class have been talking about their futures.
Yamato: What about in yours? He was in 2-D.
Yamato: Oh, the same thing?
*A popular topic everywhere, it seemed.*
Yamato: Then let's hang out at Mizonokuchi sometime. Gyou-san and his friends did want to throw a mixer. Oh, yeah, they're cool.
Yamato: So take care. Bye.
Yamato: Whew... Everyone and everybody's going future this, future that.
Yamato: Hmm...
*What, I wondered, should I do?*
Prime Minister?: Looks like you're in the dumps, boy. What's wrong?
Yamato: Huh...? Wait -- no, you couldn't be...
Prime Minister?: Think I look like the Prime Minister? I get that a lot.
Prime Minister?: Well, the real PM ain't got time to stroll about this city.
Yamato: I suppose... Yeah, he wouldn't.
Yamato: You just really surprised me, since I was thinking about my future.
Prime Minister?: Your future? And why would that cause you to be surprised to see me?
Yamato: Because my future has a little bit to do with the position of prime minister.
Prime Minister?: Now that? Sounds like it's got a story behind it. Tell me.
Yamato: Uh, no thanks. That's not the sort of thing you can share with someone you've just met.
Prime Minister?: Oh, what's the big deal? C'mon, sit down.
*He wouldn't take no for an answer. And whoa... He was one heck of a doppelganger.*
Prime Minister?: So, what do you want to be?
Yamato: I used to think I wanted to have a job that let me change things in this country. Though I mean, that was back in elementary school.
Prime Minister?: That's a big dream, the kind all kids should have.
Yamato: But I feel a bit different, lately.
Yamato: Especially after the issue with pensions, and the whole incident with the Social Insurance Agency.
Prime Minister?: Oh, that business. How do you feel nowadays?
Yamato: Like this whole country's falling apart, I guess.
Yamato: That it might be time to pack my bags and leave for someplace else.
Prime Minister?: Hmm... Anything else?
Yamato: Well, I also think it's our job, as the youngest generation, to fix things.
Yamato: So I guess I don't really know what to do with my life.
Yamato: And I don't know if anything I could do would really make a difference.
Prime Minister?: I get it... Sure sounds like you're in need of a new direction.
Yamato: You think so, too?
Prime Minister?: Politics ain't the kind of place that those who don't know what they're doing can survive in.
Prime Minister?: Well, same goes for any business, really.
Yamato: I guess you're right. And I don't like thinking like this, being so pessimistic.
Yamato: But when I look at Japanese politics these days, how am I supposed to feel any hope?
Prime Minister?: And ain't you gonna work to change that?
Yamato: But I can't see anything I do fixing things...
Prime Minister?: Ah. This is simple, kid.
Prime Minister?: You're worried because you don't got a concrete vision of the future.
Yamato: I do have something. A hope that maybe I can start by changing my hometown, Kawakami City.
Yamato: I've even got a Kawakami Revival Frontier Plan, all my own.
Prime Minister?: You what? The heck's that? Lemme hear the details.
Yamato: Huh? But it's about city planning.
Prime Minister?: Eh, I don't give a damn. C'mon, speak up. Time's a-wasting.
Yamato: Y-You really don't take no for an answer.
*I told him about what I'd written in my notebook.*
Yamato: --Next, I have some thoughts about how urban development should respond to the internationalization of Haneda Airport...
Prime Minister?: ...Hm.
Yamato: Umm, you're sure you're not bored?
Prime Minister?: Quit worryin' about me and keep talkin'.
Yamato: O-Okay.
*His intensity left no room for me to argue.*
Yamato: In order to encourage private leadership in city expansion, incentives must be--
Prime Minister?: What you said ain't different from current plans.
Yamato: I'm getting to that. I want to increase the number of attractive urban areas with wide-area transit. Specifically... Umm, do you have a map?
Prime Minister?: I know names of places. Keep it comin'.
Yamato: Y-Yes, sir. (Umm, am I certain he's not the real Prime Minister?)
*I told him everything I had conceived.*
Yamato: ...And there you have it.
Prime Minister?: 50 points.
Yamato: Huh?
Prime Minister?: You're not bein' realistic. The kind of thinking I'd expect from a student.
Yamato: ...Ugh.
Prime Minister?: Lemme talk to you about how budgets really work. First up...
*.........*
Man In Black: Ah, there you are!
Man In Black: Please come with us, sir. You're scheduled to be--
Prime Minister?: Tch, time's up? Shit, damn it all.
Prime Minister?: Even though your plans were all pipe dreams, you had some sharp points in there. You got chops.
Yamato: Th-Thanks?
Prime Minister?: Don't give up now. Stick with it.
Yamato: Forget that -- you're actually the--
Prime Minister?: Time's up, so listen up.
Prime Minister?: Hold firm to that resolve of yours, and someday you'll find kindred spirits.
Prime Minister?: No one man can change a country -- that's true -- but together, we can stand up and fight.
*He then stepped into the car that had pulled up alongside us.*
*It quickly disappeared off into the distance.*
Yamato: ...Wh-What just happened? Was I dreaming? Hallucinating?
*Regardless, I'd enjoyed discussing my dream for the first time in what had been too long.*
*Maybe, I thought, I should stick with it...*
*I was young. Rather than content myself with some meager dream, I'd rather go big and bold.*
Touma: Oh Jun, how I do adore the girls' summer uniforms. Soothing, wouldn't you say?
Jun: Well, I appreciate the lighter clothes and all, but it's not that big of a deal.
Jun: 2-F's Class Rep! Good morning!
Mayo: Good morning to you too.
Jun: You look stunning in your summer uniform, like a flower in a garden.
Mayo: T-Thank you very much.
Koyuki: Hiya! Knee chop!
Jun: Wahey?!
Koyuki: Stupid lolicon. I'm wearing a summer uniform too!
Touma: Oh, is our Yuki jealous? I cannot believe I've gotten to witness such a rare event.
Jun: Seriously? Sorry about that, Yuki.
Koyuki: You're supposed to tell a girl she's pretty! Even Touma did that much! You give baldies a bad name!
Jun: I-I'm sorry!
Koyuki: Kidding! How'd I do, Touma? Was I all normal-like?
Touma: The performance was adorable, Yuki. It set my heart aflutter.
Koyuki: Ahaha. Joke's on you because I didn't care anyways.
Jun: Now I feel like a father who's learned his daughter doesn't care how he feels...
Touma: Well, let us put that aside and enjoy the summer uniforms.
Jun: Eh, you've got a point. After all...
Jun: Our whole class missed the memo!
Kokoro: What? Do you have a complaint, Inoue?
Jun: Ladies, you should wear something a bit more summer-y.
Margit: A true soldier is always prepared for battle...
Margit: And these clothes are easy to fight in.
Azumi: I work as a maid, after all
Jun: Uh, try focusing more on the fact that you're a student here?
Hideo: Hahaha. The man certainly has a point, Azumi.
Azumi: Kyaruuuun He sure told me.
Azumi: You're gonna rue this day, you friggin' balding piece of crap.
Jun: Hideo! Look! Your maid's glaring at me!
Hideo: Whatever are you saying? Well, let Us observe the matter.
Azumi: Hideo-sama! *heart*
Hideo: She is her usual virtuous self. Mwahahaha!
Azumi: You know what snitches get where I'm from, eh? 'Cause you might need some of them stitches once I shove a shovel up your ass!
Jun: She's doing it again! Why won't you believe me?!
Kokoro: Your clamor is unbearable. The topic of conversation is our futures, not your personal spats.
Jun: Oh? The future, huh?
Kokoro: Aoi-kun, I trust you intend to succeed your father as head of the Aoimon Hospital?
Touma: An apt observation. I am quite certain you're correct.
Kokoro: I hear that your father is a man of character as well.
Touma: Yes. He has my respect, of course.
Kokoro: Would this mean you are to be a doctor as well, Inoue?
Jun: Well, my old man works for the Young Master's father, so I'll probably wind up in the same spot.
Jun: No matter what happens, I'm staying by his side.
Kokoro: My, such loyalty.
Jun: I'm worried he couldn't handle himself without me.
Jun: I am the Big Dipper to his Polaris.
Touma: My, what am I to do with all this love and affection?
Kokoro: Margit, I trust you are entering the military?
Margit: Yes. I would like to fight as a soldier.
Margit: To be dispatched to war zones.
Margit: There, I will intervene in the fighting and force them to an end...
Margit: And with time, justice will come to rule the world.
Margit: Military policing through absolute and unyielding justice is my vision of peace.
Jun: Uh, that doesn't sound peaceful to me.
Margit: Physical conflict will be no more. The brightest few will rule over the plebeian masses. As is the way of the world.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Well spoken, Margit.
Hideo: We too conceive of market domination through the Kuki Conglomerate.
Margit: Heh. So we're after the same thing?
Hideo: Nay. For We do not find control through force of arms to Our liking. Rather that Our benevolence and the open market bring prosperity to the common folk.
Hideo: We can see it now -- the serene expressions of the smallfolk.
Hideo: Thus, We must endeavour ever forth. Such is the destiny of a hero.
Azumi: You're truly amazing, Hideo-sama!
Koyuki: You lost me, but whatever it is, good luck!
Kokoro: Yuki, what of your future? What do you seek?
Koyuki: Mmn, I'll stumble around somewhere.
Koyuki: If you find me, give me a candy!
Kokoro: Whatever are you saying? I cannot bring myself to laugh at your jest.
Kokoro: Well, you do seem joined at the hip with Aoi-kun.
Koyuki: Yep. Two peas in a pod! Together forever!
Touma: That we are.
Koyuki: And Jun will be there too!
Jun: Yeah, yeah.
Margit: I have wanted to ask you if you're in a love triangle. Because if so, I must take action to correct such wrongheadedness.
Jun: It ain't like that. We're friends. Friends.
Margit: I see.
Azumi: By the way, my dream is to serve Hideo-sama for all of my days.
Hideo: Mwahahaha. All of your days? Nay, that mustn't be.
Azumi: Huh...?
Hideo: Should you perish, await for Us at the pearly gates.
Hideo: But, should We be first to sail forth into the hereafter, accompany Us.
Hideo: Turn your blade on yourself so you may follow.
Hideo: Never would We order you to live for yourself. Come, die for Us.
Azumi: I've never been happier than right now, Hideo-samaaaa!
Kokoro: What is going on with the Kuki Conglomerate? I am at a loss...
Koyuki: Really? I want Touma to say that to me.
Touma: That is because your heart is full of love and affection, Yuki.
Kokoro: But meanwhile, Aoi-kun, you seem too kind to say such a thing.
Koyuki: What's your plan, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Is it not obvious? I will inherit the Fushikawa family name and live in luxury, wanting for nothing! What could be more delightful?!
Jun: That's a future... Sounds like everyone has at least an idea. But you wouldn't be in Class S if you didn't.
Touma: What do you suppose will become of us in ten years' time?
Jun: ...I mean... I ain't got a clue.
Kokoro: Did you not just speak of plans to inherit the hospital?
Touma: They say one never knows what the future holds.
*Kawakami Academy students were alive with plans for the future.*
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
Lu: Momoyo, the Florsheim people have come asking for a joint training session.
Momoyo: Vamp-san wants this bad. Give them the go-ahead.
Lu: Yet given that they are technically a secret organization, should we be speaking their name so openly?
Momoyo: We've got permission. It's gonna be a local collaboration thing.
Kazuko: What's up, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: There's plans for a joint training session. See you later.
Tesshin: You also have a challenger, Momo.
Momoyo: Hahaha, now that's more like it. Who's the lucky guy?
Tesshin: A 230-centimeter tall giant known as the Wild Bear of Russia. His name is Sergei Stojkovic.
Momoyo: Ooh. I like the sound of that.
Tesshin: Well, I'm sure you will win easily. No hope for the poor man...
Momoyo: Why do you sound disappointed, Gramps?
Momoyo: Eh, whatever. I'm dashing off to the base. And I'm taking kuzumochi as a gift. Taiza oughta like it.
Lu: Goodness, but having an upcoming battle leaves her full of delight.
Tesshin: It is almost time for the ultimate technique ceremony.
Lu: Surely it's still too early!
Tesshin: You know that, as part of the ceremony, she must battle me.
Tesshin: That is the only thing that would satisfy the girl regardless.
Lu: Even so, I don't think she's ready to learn it.
Tesshin: And I do not intend to teach it. She must triumph over me to earn the right.
Tesshin: So I will win. I will force Momo to taste defeat.
Tesshin: I will crush her, then set her to train her spirit.
Tesshin: For I have begun to suspect that, if I do not do so, then there will be no one left who can.
Lu: ...This is difficult to say, but--
Tesshin: Mmmmmngh!
Kazuko: Wah?!
Kazuko: Grandpa's full of fighting spirit. I've never seen him like this before!
Tesshin: Assistant Master, how does a battle between me and Momo look to you?
Lu: With all due respect...
Lu: I think you would be lucky to last five minutes.
Tesshin: I suppose you are right, as I am now.
Tesshin: I must regain the intensity I had in the past.
Tesshin: Goodness, the things I go through for my granddaughter. Heheheh.
Lu: ......
Tesshin: Kazuko, it's not like you to space out.
Tesshin: As we speak, the desserts are coming out of the oven.
Kazuko: --!
Kazuko: Yeah...
Tesshin: Then I am off to meditate.
Kazuko: Assistant Master, about all that...
Lu: Yes, it might be better to try to keep it a secret from your sister.
Kazuko: She's so lucky.
Lu: How so?
Kazuko: It's like, she and Grandpa are going to have a no-hold-bars match.
Kazuko: Something I'm not good enough to be part of...
Lu: That is a destination reached by those who have mastered their art.
Lu: You are ten years too early for that, in the most literal sense. First, the basics.
Kazuko: Yeah. But I wish Grandpa would say something like that to me.
Kazuko: Instead, he just tells me that dessert's ready, or dinner's ready, or...
Kazuko: Or anything but martial arts.
Lu: Kazuko...
Kazuko: Kidding! I know I have to be tougher than that! There's just training, training, and more training!
Kazuko: I'm going to go for a run!
Lu: Okay, I will see you later.
Kazuko: Se-yah! Keep pushing forward! Keep pushing forward!
Lu: Courage... Kazuko's a true example of the word.
*--After school.*
Gakuto: I called everyone, but no one's pickin' up.
Kazuko: Mngh. And I finally had some time to play after training, too.
Gakuto: You're full of energy. C'mon, let's go to the base.
Kazuko: 'Kay. But I think I'm hungry.
Gakuto: So am I. Let's start by gettin' some food.
Kazuko: Yeah! You can't do anything on an empty stomach! Let's find, uh, a place with good meat.
Gakuto: Yeah. The kind that's drippin' with gravy.
Kazuko: I can taste it already.
Gakuto: The world is made out of meat, so only meat do I eat.
Kazuko: Well, you need to eat your veggies too.
Shibutaku: Um, excuse me? My name's Shibutaku.
Gakuto: Where'd you come from?
Shibutaku: Ouch, my artificial anus is acting up again... Oh, excuse me.
Shibutaku: I know this job that pays well.
Gakuto: And you think we're goin' to listen? I've got 99 girl problems but cashflow ain't one.
Shibutaku: Huh? But that's such a cute girlfriend you have right there.
Gakuto: She's my pal -- no, more of a pet.
Kazuko: Who're you calling your pet?! Teigh, teigh!
Gakuto: That's how it is. Try someone else.
Shibutaku: But you can make 50,000 yen in the blink of an eye.
Gakuto: ...Oh? And how does that work?
Shibutaku: Well, you know. You gotta hear me out.
Gakuto: Well, I lose nothin' by listening.
Kazuko: Mmngh!
Shibutaku: Could you get a credit card?
Shibutaku: Then I want you to give that to me.
Gakuto: What do you think I am, stupid? You'll just rack up charges.
Shibutaku: Oh, I won't be using it.
Gakuto: Hey now. I've never believed anyone less than I do you, right now.
Shibutaku: Heck, I wouldn't be the legal owner in the first place.
Shibutaku: So even if I tried to use it, it wouldn't work.
Gakuto: Mmm?
Shibutaku: It doesn't sound like a bad deal to me.
Shibutaku: And if you bring some friends along too, your reward will get that much bigger.
Gakuto: Just that, for 50 grand? Hmm... No, wait!
Gakuto: There's nothin' in it for you!
Shibutaku: Oh, about that... I'm sure I have a perfectly reasonable explanation for that.
Kazuko: ...Let's go, Gakuto!
Gakuto: The hell are you coverin' your ears for, girl?!
Kazuko: The Yamato Manual states that if a complete stranger offers you money, cover your ears and run.
Kazuko: Then, contact Yamato!
Kazuko: So c'mon! Follow me!
Shibutaku: Hey, hey. No need to be like that.
Gakuto: Hey! Keep your hands off the lady!
Shibutaku: (Gh! He's as muscle-bound as he looks!)
Shibutaku: F-Fine. S-See you around.
Kazuko: ...Whew. We made it out in one piece.
Gakuto: Now that I think about it, that was truly suspicious.
Gakuto: You treat Yamato's words like a bible, eh?
Kazuko: Yeah, pretty much. Plus, if I disobey, he'll punish me.
Kazuko: Oooh... I don't even like thinking about it...
Gakuto: He really has you on a leash.
Gakuto: Well, let's go give the Tactician our report.
Yamato: Uh, that's the most obvious scam I've ever heard.
Gakuto: I knew it. I always know danger when I see it.
Kazuko: Liar!
Yamato: That money would have legally been your liability, even if you didn't spend it. The cardowner is thus obligated to repay the full balance.
Gakuto: Yes. I definitely knew that.
Shouichi: Also, if you did pull a friend into it, they would've been an accomplice.
Kazuko: Huh? Capt, you know a lot about this stuff.
Shouichi: When a job sounds too good to be true, even I ask Yamato to give it a once-over.
Gakuto: I have saved you from terrible danger, Wanko.
Yamato: You shouldn't lie, Gakuto. Wanko stayed true to my advice.
Kazuko: Yeah, pretty much. I trust you, Yamato.
Yamato: Especially since you'd be punished otherwise.
Kazuko: Awawawawa.
Miyako: And sometimes, I join in, Heh heh heh. Just like I did a year ago.
Kazuko: Waahhh!
Shouichi: Now she's crying? What the heck did you put her through?
Gakuto: Still, how dare he try to pull a fast one on me. Yamato, can't we do somethin'?
Yamato: He'll pay for going after one of us.
*I decided to...*
Ruin his life
Trust that karma would catch up with him
Yamato: Okay, I'll ruin his life. Tell me everything you know about him.
Yamato: ...Well, a third-rate crook like him won't last long anyways.
Miyako: Goodness, what a scary world we live in.
Kazuko: But in all that chaos, Yamato's our rock.
Yamato: You did good, following my advice.
Kazuko: Eheheh. Well yeah, I mean...
Yamato: Make sure you continue to do so in the future.
Kazuko: Yep! I trust you, Yamato!
Shouichi: You two sure are close.
Miyako: Well, they're friends.
Gakuto: When I see them like that, I feel they have reached somethin' beyond mere friendship.
Yamato: Who's a good girl? (I tickled her chin.)
Kazuko: Ohhh. That tickles.
Miyako: ...Mmm... Now that you mention it, they have been especially close as of late.
Miyako: I can't lose to them. Time to start stretching.
Shouichi: Miyako's warming up...
Gakuto: Then Yamato's in for some hell tonight.
*.........*
Yamato: Door's shut and locked. Okay. Now no one can sneak in.
*I'd locked the door tight.*
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, we need to talk. Our friend, Miyako, is sending me ardent gazes.
Yamato: She'll be up to something today, I'm sure of it. That's why I locked the door.
Miyako: Heh heh. Which means you've also cut off your escape.
Yamato: What the...?!
Miyako: You forgot to check the closet.
Yamato: No, I checked there. I expected a pervert like you would try hiding in there.
Miyako: But not the space above the ceiling tiles.
Yamato: You really thought this through...
Miyako: You planned all this just so we could finally be alone together.
Yamato: ...No.
Miyako: And fwoosh.
Yamato: I have absolutely no idea why you're laying out the futon.
Miyako: When a man and a woman are alone in a room, there's only one thing to do.
Yamato: Not when it's the two of us.
Miyako: Hey, Yamato? I love you.
Yamato: And I like you as a friend. But only as a friend.
Miyako: I thought it was nearly time to make a serious play for you.
Yamato: Aren't you a little close?
Miyako: Yamato... I love you. Make love to me.
*She whispered in my ear. I could feel myself going dizzy.*
Yamato: I can't sleep with a friend.
Miyako: Do you think I'm ugly?
Yamato: No, I think that you wouldn't give me any choice but to marry you.
Miyako: You're right. I'd be your wife.
Yamato: This isn't funny. It'd be one thing if I loved you, but...
Miyako: I'm ovulating today, so you can come inside me.
Yamato: Are you even listening to me?!
Miyako: How about I listen under the covers?
Yamato: Good idea... Okay, you crawl in first.
Miyako: Are you going to run?
Yamato: Stop questioning everything. Now, get in there!
*I whispered into her ear.*
Miyako: Hwah... Yeah, okay.
*She slid inside, her body trembling with anticipation.*
Yamato: Welp.
Yamato: That's my cue to leave.
Yamato: Seriously, damn you Miyako. You didn't hesitate to go on the attack.
*She must have came up with the plan after Wanko and I fooled around at the secret base.*
*We had been talking a lot lately, me and Wanko.*
*But I didn't like her as a woman. At least, not yet.*
Yamato: 'Not yet'? I'd be lying to myself if I said that didn't imply something.
*For the time being, I'd seek shelter in Gen-san's room.*
*The Kawakami sisters had come to hang out at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Margit: Oh, it's rare to see you here.
Kazuko: We come a lot, actually. You're the new face around here.
Margit: I am concerned for Frau Chris.
Momoyo: Don't be overprotective, Marrie. *pat*
Margit: Y-You will cease calling me that. And you will cease patting my head.
Margit: You may be a senior while I am a sophomore, but I am still older than you.
Momoyo: That's not important. What matters is that you're cute.
Momoyo: If you've got a problem with that, let your fists do the talking! C'mon!
Margit: No, I will pass.
Momoyo: Tch. There's gotta be some way to get you to fight me.
Mrs. Shimazu: Wow, it's a full house here today.
Mrs. Shimazu: Right, I should have you help em with these!
*Mrs. Shimazu had come in with baskets full of plums.*
Mrs. Shimazu: I'd like to make crunchy pickled plums.
Yamato: Okay. Just the thing for the rainy season.
Mrs. Shimazu: Wash the plums, get all the dirt out...
Mrs. Shimazu: Then wipe them down with a cloth, one at a time...
Mrs. Shimazu: Finally, use the bamboo skewer to cut out the stem...
Mrs. Shimazu: Can you do that for me?
Momoyo: That looks like it's going to take forever.
Mrs. Shimazu: But the end result is delicious.
Kazuko: Weird. Just hearing the word makes me salivate.
Kazuko: Umm... Dry them off, then poke out the... There.
Mrs. Shimazu: Yes, exactly! Well done!
Kazuko: Weheheh. I guess I am talented. All I had to do was try.
Kazuko: ......
Yamato: Stop looking so proud. We're not giving you a second helping of praise.
Mrs. Shimazu: You should give it a try too.
Margit: Hmm?
Margit: Dry with a cloth, then skewer out the stem. There.
Margit: Like this?
Mrs. Shimazu: Yes! You're quick and exact.
Margit: Well, thank you.
Kazuko: Mmph!
Kazuko: W-Well, you're not bad!
Kazuko: But you're still slower than me.
Margit: The times seemed close to me, if I wasn't faster outright?
Kazuko: I was faster!
Margit: Not as fast as me!
Kazuko: ...Want a match?!
Margit: Very well. I can accept a competition like this.
Kazuko: Then we'll split the plums in half. Whoever finishes their pile first wins.
Margit: You shall behold the fearsome power of a soldier.
Miyako: You know, pickling plums isn't exactly the best time for this.
Momoyo: It's a battle of speed, focus, and precision.
Kazuko: Yep. Let's go!
Mrs. Shimazu: Then if either of you doesn't do a good enough job, I'll make you do those ones again.
Kazuko: Do you mind if we do all of them?
Miyako: Go right ahead. You're actually saving us work.
Yamato: Are you ready? On your marks... Go!
Kazuko: Toryahhh! Wipe! Cut!
Margit: I am long accustomed to simple tasks!
Momoyo: Wow, they're both pretty fast.
Mrs. Shimazu: Yes, and they're doing such beautiful work.
Miyako: It's a dead heat... No, Wanko's a bit faster.
Yamato: Yeah, since she's holding back nothing. Not pacing herself at all.
Miyako: Does she need to pace herself? If you have a word of advice, Tactician, I don't think that would count as cheating.
Yamato: Advice, huh? Hmm... Wanko!
Kazuko: Huh? What is it?
*Replied Wanko, her hands still moving.*
Pick up the pace
Slow down
Keep it steady
Yamato: Pick up the pace! Be the speed queen you are!
Kazuko: Roger that! Raaahhhhh!
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, this one's no good. Do it again.
Kazuko: Nwah! I goofed!
Yamato: You're rushing. Slow down.
Kazuko: Y-You're sure?
Margit: Heh. Now I am in the lead.
Kazuko: Hey, now I'm going to lose. Raahh!
Yamato: Given her personality, I suppose there was no hope of that order helping.
Yamato: Keep it steady.
Kazuko: Roger that, Tactician!
Yamato: This time, I think it's better if I let her be.
Mrs. Shimazu: Nevertheless, it's a joy to see you girls working so passionately.
Kazuko: Nraaahhh! Wipe and cut!
Miyako: Mm, Wanko's deepened her concentration.
Yamato: Look. Wanko's widening the gap between them.
Margit: ...Tch. You're faster than I though, little bunny.
Margit: But now it's time to unleash my blitzkrieg!
Kazuko: I won't lose!
Margit: You're going to try and catch up, little bunny?
Miyako: Wanko's going to win.
Margit: ...I will not accept defeat, not even in a game.
Margit: I shall no longer hold back.
*Margit removed her eyepatch.*
Chris: Mmm! Mar-san is really giving it her all.
Momoyo: Ooh, interesting. I had no idea she had this much potential.
Margit: I shall show you my full power.
Yamato: Which you're using to prepare plums for pickling?
Margit: I concede that you have forced me to do as much, Warrior Wanko.
Miyako: Oh, she got promoted from bunny, in a competition over plums no less.
Margit: Haaaaa! (Her hands flew.)
Yamato: She's beyond fast!
Momoyo: That's just how much speed she has in store.
Momoyo: When I see someone that fast, I start to get that itch. Miyako, can you follow her?
Miyako: Barely. Eyesight is an archer's lifeline.
Momoyo: How about you, Kuri? Can you follow the movements of her hands?
Chris: Nngh... It embarasses me to say it, but no, not clearly.
Chris: Oh, I think she just did two at once?
Momoyo: Correct. Heheheh, oh Margit. You'd be fun prey.
Yamato: Nee-san, is Wanko going to lose?
Momoyo: I wouldn't say that.
Kazuko: She's fast!: But not faster than me!
Momoyo: Wanko's pretty fast in her own right.
Miyako: Wow, Wanko's also going all-out.
Margit: I don't believe it -- you're still keeping up with me?
Mrs. Shimazu: Now this is amazing. They're almost done already.
Mrs. Shimazu: In fact, they're so fast that I can't inspect them fast enough.
Kazuko: Haaahhhh!
Margit: Tch. She's outspeeding me!
Kazuko: And done!
Margit: Kh. But I am done as well!
Miyako: Wanko finished first.
Chris: ...Yes, I got the same impression.
Kazuko: Yaaayyyy!
Margit: You have surpassed me in raw speed. For that, I give you praise...
Margit: But I am a soldier. My precision is unmatched.
Kazuko: Hmm? What's your point?
Margit: Were you precise in your own work, Warrior?
Mrs. Shimazu: Yes, yes, this one is good too... Ah!
Mrs. Shimazu: Wanko-chan, they're all good except for this one.
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Mrs. Shimazu: I'm sorry, but as a fair and impartial judge, I have to ask you to redo it.
Kazuko: Y-You're kidding! Waaahhh!
Miyako: There she goes again, letting her focus slip in a pinch.
Margit: Your speed was spectacular, but your heart was unfocused.
Margit: Thus, victory is ultimately mine.
Kazuko: Ugh... Too bad.
Margit: However, that was an impressive show of speed.
Momoyo: Then on behalf of the Kawakami Temple, let's settle the score.
Margit: Hmm?
Momoyo: Next, Margit, you'll be up against me, Kawakami Momoyo.
Momoyo: Up for the challenge? Nice and pure! Nothing on the line but pride!
Momoyo: Of course, it'll be a one-on-one fight, weapons legal.
Margit: That is a fascinating and intriguing offer...
Margit: But having just fought the Warrior Kazuko, I would not be able to fight you at my best.
Margit: I pushed myself too hard, bursting capillaries in my arms.
Yamato: You went that hard just to win?
Margit: You will understand that victory carries that much importance. Defeat can be a difficult spiral to escape.
Kazuko: Ooh, I feel like she's talking about me.
Momoyo: ...If you're not at your best, then some other day?
Margit: Kawakami Momoyo, It's forbidden for me to fight you. I would need to seek permission from the Army.
Momoyo: They take me that seriously? That's some nice intelligence work.
Momoyo: But what about you? Are you okay with that?
Margit: Farewell.
Momoyo: Tch. After going all-out, she sure looked satisfied.
Miyako: Wanko, don't let that get you down.
Yamato: She's right. Losing's normal for you anyways.
Kazuko: Wahh! Why'd you have to say it like that, Yamato?!
Kazuko: Ooh... I lost again... Oooohhh...
Chris: H-Hey Dog... It is all right. You faced the strongest person in all of Europe.
Chris: And you pushed her to her limits.
Chris: So... Come now. Keep your head up.
Chris: ...Hey, all of you should say something too.
Yamato: She's fine. Look.
Kazuko: I'm frustrated... Incredibly frustrated... But!
Kazuko: Next time... I won't lose! I'll win!
Chris: --!
Chris: Yes, exactly. Well said.
Yamato: Be happy, Wanko. You'll shake off that shame in no time.
Miyako: After all, this weekend there's the sports festival -- or rather, the ball games tournament.
*The theme for our sports festival was randomly selected every year. It could have normal, ball game, or aquatic sport events.*
*This year, the classes would compete in ball games.*
*The games would be basketball and...*
Yamato: Kawakami Academy's specialty, Kawakami Ball.
*At its core, Kawakami Ball was similar to baseball.*
*However, the game was a lot more physical. For instance, you could physically impede runners.*
Kazuko: Right! Just you watch, Mar...
Kazuko: But to win there, I have to train now! I'm off on a run!
Kazuko: Teraahhh! Dash!
Chris: She is always so lively.
Yamato: Being able to recover from a loss is a good thing.
*I couldn't wait to see what she'd do at the festival.*
*Break time, Class 2-S.*
Jun: What's this? They've arrested a man who tricked people into making him credit cards?
Jun: It's thanks to those scammers that there's so many more officers on the force.
Azumi: Which you only care about because being a lolicon is a crime, you criminal.
Jun: It is the fate of all holy men to be oppressed by the ignorant masses.
Azumi: How about you friggin' stop acting enlightened, eh?
Margit: I have a question, Jun. You will answer crisply.
Jun: Gah! I'm surrounded by soldiers. Ask!
Margit: You are a lolicon, correct?
Jun: Pretty much. You have your justice, and I have mine. For cuteness is justi--
Margit: Then is Kokoro a possible target of your desire?
Kokoro: What...?! Just the mere thought of that is repulsive!
Jun: Maybe I'd have considered her, if we'd met two years ago.
Kokoro: Now that is strangely infuriating! I detest the thought of even being slightly to your taste!
Margit: There there, Kokoro. Here, have a ration.
Kokoro: I don't want a soldier's food!
Margit: Then have a Chopa Chopa pop.
Jun: I wouldn't have thought you'd like those.
Margit: Sugar improves the speed of the mind.
Kokoro: This is a commoner's snack, but... I do like this flavor.
Kokoro: Mnn. *lick, lick, lick*
Jun: Mmngh, I wish you'd stayed the way you were. If only someone had put you in one of those big glass cases and just left you alone.
Kokoro: You are fundamentally disgusting! Take my Flying Armlock!
Jun: Gwoh?! Yeouch, I give up! Uncle! UNCLE!
Koyuki: Touma, aren't you going to join in the wazamming and kerpowing?
Touma: No. This time is for me to watch over you.
Koyuki: Wow! Then stare at me in every way!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Attention, at ease, and sing the national anthem, for We descend!
Azumi: Welcome back, Hideo-samaaaa!
Hideo: Hark, for the ball game tournament awaits Us this weekend.
Touma: So it does, now that you mention it.
Kokoro: Don't make a big deal out of it. We'll win regardless.
Azumi: After all, we're the chosen class
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Already Our soldiers are brimming with confidence.
Hideo: We too must excel, so that Kazuko-dono can behold Our magnificence.
Azumi: (Ugh. Her again? Damn you, Kawakami Kazuko!)
*--2-F.*
Kazuko: Achoo!
Chris: I did not expect such a sudden sneeze... Here, have a tissue.
Kazuko: Oh, sorry.
Gakuto: Ah, why can't it be the weekend yet?
Gakuto: When you think about basketball, you think about me! I can't wait!
Ikurou: Basketball's nice, but Kawakami Ball's way more interesting.
Kazuko: I want to beat 2-S in Kawakami Ball!
Kazuko: Yamato, be our tactician and guide us please.
Kazuko: I'll do everything I can to follow your orders down to the letter.
Chika: Mn-hm, Naocchi will be our tactician -- rather, our manager.
Yamato: Well, I'd be honored.
Shouichi: I am psyched. Is it Saturday yet? How 'bout now?
Suguru: Woe is me. Where the jocks frolic at the very hint of sport...
Suguru: For those such as I who put no stock in their one athletic prowess, only pain awaits.
Takuya: Well, I can understand where you're coming from.
Suguru: Yet Kawakami Ball is a different story. There, the effort may be worthwhile.
Ikurou: Moro, tell me you're looking forward to those bloomers! 'Cause all the girls'll be wearing them!
Takuya: I-I mean, I won't deny it.
Yamato: Everyone's focused on the ball game tournament.
Yamato: After that are exa--Mngh!
Shouichi: Don't go ruining the mood.
Gakuto: You said it. Right now, our focus should be on the ball games.
Kazuko: We can worry about the future in the future! Right?!
Yamato: It's rare to see you this fired up, Wanko.
Kazuko: Of course I am! I've been racking up losses lately too...
Kazuko: So I'm going to crush it on the big stage!
Yamato: You really are pumped up. Hopefully I can guide you to victory.
Yamato: I'll wrack my brains.
Kazuko: 'Kay! Thanks, Yamato!
Yamato: Good girl. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Is it just me, or have you been super kind to me lately?
Yamato: Oh?
Kazuko: Yeap, but no complaints here.
Kazuko: You can blow my whistle any time. I'll run straight to you!
Yamato: That's a good girl. (I once again pat her head.)
Kazuko: Mnfh... Ooh...
Chika: She's like a puppy with her master.
Mayo: It's heartwarming to watch, but it does look like that, doesn't it?
Mitsuru: Still, isn't Kawakami Ball famous for being violent?
Mitsuru: But you're confident you can lead us.
Leave it to me
I'll do what I can
I'm not sure
Yamato: Leave it to me and my level 97 intelligence. They don't call me a tactician for nothing.
Kazuko: Weird. My heart skipped a beat. Was I Jia Xu in a past life?
Yamato: You're nothing like him.
Miyako: Don't forget about Cheng Yu.
Yamato: You sure do like him...
Miyako: Maybe I'm him reincarnated. Heh heh heh, and he'd sound just like this.
Chika: I totally have a thing for Zhang Fei. Maybe I used to be him, and talked like this?
Yamato: Is anyone here not a hero reborn?
Yamato: I'll do what I can.
Shouichi: If you get knocked down, get up again. Never let them keep you down.
Yamato: Yeah, yeah. I love that line.
Yamato: I'm not sure I can, given that I'm more of a manager than a tactician...
Yamato: Well... all I can say is that I'll do my best.
*I wanted to give it my all, for Wanko's sake.*
*--Lunchtime.*
Chika: I am so excited for tomorrow's ball game tournament.
Mayo: That's what everyone in class has been talking about.
Kazuko: I've even skipped doing homework so I'd have more time to train.
Mayo: You know you can't do that. You have to do your homework.
Mayo: If you think I'm going to show you my notebook forever, you couldn't be more mistaken.
Chika: Huh? You're saying no today?
Mayo: You didn't do your homework either?!
Announcer: Onto our next story...
Announcer: Baby hatches have remained controversial in Europe, with critics saying they encourage child abandonment. However, they continue to be common year after year.
Kazuko: ...Hmm.
Haguro: There's so much talk about that shit lately. If you ask me...
Haguro: They're totally useful. Hopefully they'll keep 'em around.
Kazuko: Yeah. Babies would die without them.
Chika: But don't you feel bad for them? They've been abandoned.
Yamato: (Mm, that's an interesting conversation those girls are having.)
*Pretty much everyone knew that Wanko was an orphan, and had been adopted by the Kawakami Temple.*
*However, I doubted anyone besides the seven of us and Gen-san knew she'd been left in a baby hatch.*
Kazuko: I mean, at least they're alive. That's most important.
Yamato: (She looks fine, but...)
*There was no need for us to tiptoe around the subject.*
*Wanko herself had said it didn't bother her.*
*But if that were true...*
Kazuko: ......
*Then why, for that one instant, did she look so sad?*
*It must have been weighing on her after all.*
Tadakatsu: ...Mmph.
*Gen-san was watching her too.*
Tadakatsu: ......
*He caught me looking at him, then went back to laying his head on his desk.*
Shouichi: Don't let it get to you, Yamato.
Yamato: But it does get to me.
Shouichi: Whoa, how'd that happen? You seem a bit off today.
Yamato: I feel a bit different, yeah.
*......*
*--On the rooftop of our secret base.*
Kazuko: Hmm.
Yamato: Don't do handstands in a skirt.
Kazuko: Wawa! Yamato?!
Kazuko: This is awkward...
Yamato: Though you are wearing shorts underneath.
Kazuko: Stop it. You don't have to describe everything.
Yamato: It's rare to see you up on the roof by yourself.
Kazuko: Yeah. It's just...
Kazuko: I feel on a wee sometimes too.
Yamato: ...Were you going for 'ennui'?
Yamato: This is about that news story during lunch?
Kazuko: How'd you know?
Yamato: I haven't known you for over a decade for nothing.
Kazuko: Mmm...
Yamato: So it is weighing on you.
Kazuko: Nope. I don't really care about that baby hatch stuff.
Kazuko: I wouldn't have gotten to meet everyone otherwise.
Yamato: Then what is it?
Kazuko: You won't mind if I rant?
Yamato: Rant as much as you need.
Kazuko: The problem is the present.
Kazuko: Aren't I a daughter of the Kawakami Temple?
Yamato: Of course you are, Kawakami Kazuko.
Kazuko: Mm-hm. I love Onee-sama, and I know she loves me too.
Yamato: That sounds good to me. What's the problem?
Kazuko: The Kawakami Temple's a martial arts temple. I have to be good at martial arts.
Yamato: And you've gotten a lot stronger.
Kazuko: But I'm nowhere close to strong enough. And it's like, Grandpa's being weirdly distant lately.
Yamato: How so?
Kazuko: I know he adores me, of course.
Kazuko: But when he talks about martial arts with Onee-sama or an assistant master, I can't keep up.
Kazuko: That sort of makes me feel really lonely. Like I'm not really part of the Family.
Yamato: Mm... I think I understand.
Kazuko: So I want to get way, way stronger.
Kazuko: But you know, I lost to Kuri when she transferred here, and I lost to Mar, even if it was just a plum cutting contest.
Kazuko: What sort of daughter of the Kawakami Temple goes on a losing streak?
Kazuko: So I really want to win the contest tomorrow.
Kazuko: That's been going through my head.
Yamato: Oh...
Kazuko: Eheheh. I let out everything that was on my mind.
Yamato: Yeah, it's good not to bottle things up. Don't you feel a bit more relaxed now?
Kazuko: Actually, now I feel even more pressure not to lose.
Yamato: You really do take these things seriously.
Kazuko: Oh, but it's really relaxing to talk with you, Yamato.
Kazuko: I feel like I can talk to you about anything.
Yamato: We've known each other for too long to be keeping secrets. Talk to me about anything.
Yamato: Let's win the ball game tournament tomorrow.
Kazuko: Yeah!
Kazuko: Okay! Super awesome extra-special training go!
Yamato: Don't poop yourself out before tomorrow.
*Wanko was obsessed with winning.*
*So I wanted to get her that victory.*
Reporter Yukihiro: Mornin'! It's time for Sexual Morning.
Reporter Yukihiro: Hello there to everyone across the country! I'm Yukihiro, bringer of dreams, and I have no desire to ever stop doing the work I love.
Reporter Yukihiro: Today we're coming to you live from the front gates of Kawakami Academy in Kawakami City, Kanagawa.
Reporter Yukihiro: In just a few short hours, this storied school will host its grand ball games tournament.
Reporter Yukihiro: Let's speak to a few of the students as they arrive at school.
Reporter Yukihiro: Mornin'! Could I have a moment of your time?
Suguru: Begone from my sight, 3D embodiment of fake news!
Reporter Yukihiro: Bwuh?!
Suguru: How could there possibly be nothing more deserving of airtime?
Reporter Yukihiro: U-Um, why don't we try someone else? Mornin'!
Jun: ...Oh, you're fully grown? Not interested.
Reporter Yukihiro: Wh-What's wrong with the boys here?
Touma: Now, now. No need for hysterics.
Reporter Yukihiro: Huh?
Touma: Please accept my sincerest condolences for my friend's behavior, Yukihiro-san.
Reporter Yukihiro: (M-My gosh, he's so handsome.)
Touma: I would be honored if you would let me apologize with a kiss.
Reporter Yukihiro: Q-Quit it. Who do you think I am?
Touma: A beautiful woman. Please, no need to be so tense.
Reporter Yukihiro: S-Stop... Why isn't the staff stepping in?
Director: Listen, just keep the camera rolling.
Director: This'll make for an interesting story. Yukihiro's ratings are dropping, and there's no such thing as bad press.
Ikurou: Whoa, you're assaulting the reporter?
Ikurou: I want in! Nah, I wanna be in her!
Director: Tch, he ruined the scene. Someone get that monkey outta here!
Kazuko: It sounds like something big's going on over there.
Yamato: It's none of our business. Let's go.
Yamato: I'm glad it's sunny today, after it poured on Monday and Tuesday.
Kazuko: I can kind of smell the rain in the air.
Yamato: I can always trust your nose.
Kazuko: I can sniff out all sorts of things. Especially the flu.
Yamato: You're one heck of a dog... Okay, let's go!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Miyako: You two are fired up.
Gakuto: Of course they are. It's the ball game tournament!
Miyako: Well, you do have your basketball games.
Gakuto: That's right. And when you think of basketball, you think of me!
Mitsuru: Huff! Huff! I'm so... hungry...
Class F Student: Hey Yonpachi! We've got Kuma-chan on the brink!
Ikurou: Good. The lack of food will soon turn him into a raging bear.
Ikurou: That's our secret weapon. The others teams will piss their pants once they see it.
Class F Student: But you know, aren't we in deep shit if he loses it right now?
Ikurou: Don't worry. If my calculations are correct, he can hang on for a bit longer.
Mitsuru: I'm hungry...
Mitsuru: SO VERY HUNGRY!!!
Ikurou: Whoa, he snapped? But my mental math should've been perfect!
Class F Student: Perfectly wrong!
Mitsuru: Hungry!!!
Ikurou: Shit, he's gonna destroy everything around him!
Class F Student: Where's Kawakami-san? Or Shiina-san? Or Chris?
Ikurou: They're not here yet!
Class F Student: F-Fine. Then we'll all stop him together.
Class F Student: Guys! On three, we all throw our balls at him.
Class F Student: Sorry, Kuma-chan, but we're taking you down!
Mitsuru: Hungry... I need food badly!!!
Class F Student: One, two, three!
*Everyone pelted him with a barrage of basketballs.*
*All of which struck home.*
Class F Student: H-Heheh... Did we get him?
Class F Student: The basketballs -- they dug into his body?!
Mitsuru: Hmph!
Class F Student: Wah! He used his folds of fat to bounce the basketballs back at us! Defend!
Class F Student: It's too la--!!!
Mitsuru: That attack won't work on me!
Ikurou: W-We're as fucked as a five-dollar whore!
Mitsuru: SO... HUNGRY...
Kazuko: Whoa. Umm, what's going on here?!
Ikurou: Nice timing, Kawakami! So you see...
Kazuko: Oh, poor Kuma-chan's in a rampage.
Mitsuru: Roooaaaarrr!
Ikurou: Wah! He's coming after us!
Kazuko: I'm sorry, but I need you to settle down!
Kazuko: Seyah! *Kick!*
*Boing!*
Kazuko: There's too much fat in the way!
Mitsuru: Hah hah hah! Your kick is worthless against me!
Mitsuru: My fat is my armor. No martial arts can damage me!
Kazuko: Onee-sama and Grandpa could stop you, and so will I!
Kazuko: Septadecum Strike! Ahtatatatatatatatatata!
Mitsuru: Your kicks are cutting up my fat?!
Kazuko: Kawakami Style: Scorpion Strike!
Mitsuru: Hidebu?!
*The ferocious blow stabbed through Kumagai Mitsuru's armor.*
*It struck his chakra point. A shockwave spread like poison through his body.*
Mitsuru: Ooh... Oof...
*And eliminated her foe.*
Ikurou: Wow! Knew you could do it, Kawakami!
Kazuko: That's not the point! How could you do this to Kuma-chan?!
Ikurou: H-Hey, chill out. We're gonna start treating him quickly.
*Wanko looked plenty strong to the untrained eye.*
*Kawakami Academy's ball game tournament.*
*Where classes would sweat and toil under the early summer sun in various standard sports.*
*Well, at least the morning ones could be called that.*
*In today's tournament, the morning game was basketball.*
*2-F vs. 3-A.*
Spectator A: Wow! This is hype!
Spectator B: Isn't Class F the one with all the problem kids?
Lu: First, let's introduce Class A. A man who needs no introduction, senior Ikegami!
Spectator C: That's him! That's Ikegami! He's renowned for his defense!
Ikegami: Heh. Me and my four teammates know our way around the court.
Ikegami: Those problem kids in Class F will be begging for mercy.
Lu: Next, let's meet the five warriors from Class F.
Lu: Power forward is Shimazu Gakuto!
Gakuto: Time to show you all what a real dunk is!
Lu: Small forward is Minamoto Tadakatsu!
Tadakatsu: If you're makin' me do this, I don't feel like losin'.
Gakuto: Get your head in the game, dammit!
Tadakatsu: You don't gotta tell me, dumbass.
Lu: Shooting guard is Kazama Shouichi!
Shouichi: I'm gonna sink every three-point shot, 'cause getting that swoosh from mid-court's where it's at!
Lu: As point guard we have Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: I still think we should have had literally anybody else do this.
Lu: In the Center is Kumagai Mitsuru!
Mitsuru: Ooh... So hungry... Terribly hungry... Ooooooh!
Mitsuru: I'm starving!!! Give me food!!!
Gakuto: I feel bad starvin' the poor guy, but Kuma-chan's in beast mode. And we've kept him just fed enough that he can follow orders.
Ikegami: Y-You guys are insane.
Ikegami: But it doesn't matter, because we're going to win! Class A, let's do this!
Class A Cheerleader: Hooray! Hooray! Ikegami!
Ikegami: Heheh. What do you think of that? I bet you wish you had cheerleaders.
Miyako: Good luck, Yamato. (She gazed at me passionately.)
Kazuko: Good luck, everyone! Good luck, Yamato!
Chika: You can do it, Class F!
Mayo: Please do your best!
Umeko: Boys, fire yourselves up!
Yamato: Oh, did you say something, Ikegami-senpai?
Ikegami: Gh. The girls in your class are too damn good!
Ikegami: We're gonna wipe the floor with you. Just you wait.
Yamato: Okay. Honestly, I don't have any plans. Just play your style of game.
Lu:  Play on!
Ikegami: Okay, no rush! Just one basket at a time!
Shouichi: You gotta play harder than that! The ball's mine!
Ikegami: Kazama, you crafty little prick!
Shouichi: Time to shine! Adventure Cannon: Three Point Shot!
Ikegami: You're way out of range! ...Huh?!
* Swish!*
Kazuko: Wow! Three points! Nice one, Capt!
Ikurou: Awesome. Now we're in the lead. Keep it up!
Ikegami: Tch, we're just getting started. Go! Pass!
Gakuto: Hmph! Intercepted! A 10-year-old could play better than you!
Ikegami: He's a giant!
Gakuto: What else would you expect from a natural-born master? Here's the ball -- finish the play!
Yamato: Me? Well, I am wide open -- I'll shoot!
Ikegami: You fool. You're too far away! Kazama could do it, but not you.
*To no one's surprise, the ball rebounded off the rim.*
Tadakatsu: You gotta make things tough, don't you?!
*But Gen-san jumped up and slammed it into the basket.*
Mayo: Wow, that was so cool!
Ikegami: C-C-Calm down. Don't start turning tail! I'll score!
Ikegami: I call this the 'I Want to Scream I Love You Shot'!
Ikegami: Ah, I missed. Get the rebound!
Yamato: Kuma-chan, if you get the ball, I'll give you something good to eat.
Mitsuru: Roooaaarr! This ball is mine!
Ikegami: How'd he jump like that? My teammate never had a chance!
Spectator B: I knew Ikegami would cover the play-by-play!
Ikurou: It's time for an all-out attack! Go!
Yamato: Nice rebound! Here, pass!
Ikegami: It should be relatively easy to take the ball from Naoe Yamato.
Gakuto: C'mon, Yamato! Pass me the ball so I can show off my ultimate technique!
Yamato: Sure, okay.
Ikegami: You need to do better than that. I'll cut off your pa--
Yamato: Just kidding.
Ikegami: Kh -- you faked me out?!
Tadakatsu: To me.
Yamato: Sure, okay.
Ikegami: Stop Minamoto!
Yamato: Just kidding.
Ikegami: A double fake?!
Yamato: I stay true to the basics. Layup!
Shouichi: Dude, I think you tried to force that one.
Kazuko: Ooh, so close! But he missed!
Yamato: Tch. There goes any hopes of looking cool.
Gakuto: The rebound will be mine!
Gakuto: And slam dunk! Hah!
Ikegami: Not on my watch! Toh!
Gakuto:  Dunk!
Ikegami: Gwah?!
Gakuto: Hey, you jerk! Out of my way!
Lu: Stop that! You can't dunk the ball on the other guy's head!
Ikegami: ׫...
Lu: That's five fouls! Shimazu, you're ejected!
Gakuto: H-How could this happen to me?!
Yamato: Man, you've literally left their ace bruised and battered.
Shouichi: We'll just win straight-up. Though I was hoping things would be tighter than this.
*Despite Gakuto's ejection, 2-F won easily.*
*...And then, that very afternoon...*
Mayo: Nice job winning the basketball game!
Mayo: Next, I would like to score a victory in Kawakami Ball!
Mayo: Let's all work together!
Shouichi: Yo, we got it covered. So. Who're we up against?
Yamato: Yeah, tell us our draw.
Mayo: Umm... You see, we're sort of up against 2-S. The 2-S...
Shouichi: ......
Mayo: I'm sorry I have such bad luck...
Shouichi: Class Rep.
Mayo: Why did I have to draw the strongest enemy of all?
Shouichi: Class Rep!
Mayo: Huh?
Shouichi: Nice one! There's no one I'd like to beat to a pulp more!
Kazuko: Yep. We were destined to square off with them. I can't wait!
Gakuto: After the basketball game, I needed a punchin' bag anyways!
Suguru: Heh. The hammer of justice will fall upon their elitist skulls.
Yamato: So we're up against 2-S... This calls for a plan.
Mayo: I-I had no idea you would be this excited to fight them. I can't believe it.
Umeko: Heh... Good. I wouldn't have my class any other way.
Ikurou: Then join us! You're still young, Ms. Ume!
Umeko: Some things require no response, uncultured swine!
Ikurou: Yeouch! Huff, huff! G-Give me more!
Umeko: I trust you remember the rules of Kawakami Ball?
Kazuko: Yes, perfectly!
Umeko: Good. Then Oogushi, handle the explanation.
Suguru: ...Yes, ma'am. (Why me...): The basic rules are the same as baseball.
Suguru: Where the differences begin is that the game is divided into two timed halves, rather than nine innings.
Suguru: Second, and most importantly, anyone holding a ball can attack runners at will.
Suguru: Finally, only five substitutes are permitted.
Umeko: Yes. It bridges the gap between baseball and American football.
Umeko: Hence, we must field powerful warriors.
Umeko: Naoe Yamato, be our manager and select the nine warriors.
Yamato: Before we begin, I'd like to make sure everyone's okay with me being the manager.
Baseball Team Member: Yeah, go ahead. (It's too much responsibility for me. Naoe can handle it.)
Chika: If the baseball team thinks Naocchi can do it, then it has to be him.
Suguru: Conceive for us another of your brilliant strategies, Tactician. The more cunning, the better.
Mayo: Everyone approves of you.
Yamato: Then I am ready to lead you to victory.
Yamato: To start, I'll be playing too. There's no rule against the manager also playing.
Yamato: First up to bat is Wanko, our second baseman. We'll start off strong!
Kazuko: Leave it to me! Leading the attack's is an honor!
Yamato: Second up to the plate will be Chris, our shortstop. That'll put us in a position to score.
Chris: I will fight for our victory. My abilities are yours to command.
Yamato: Third will be Capt, our center fielder. We're counting on you.
Shouichi: Sweet. You won't believe how much of the outfield I can cover.
Yamato: Fourth batter is Gakuto, our catcher. You're our power hitter.
Gakuto: Yeah, time to bust out the Japanese howitzer! Thanks, Yamato!
Yamato: Fifth will be Kuma-chan, our first baseman.
Mitsuru: Ooh... SO HUNGRY. Can I eat the other team?
Yamato: Yeah, you can swallow them whole!
Yamato: Sixth batter will be Gen-san, our left fielder. I hope we can count on that strong arm of yours.
Tadakatsu: Me? ......Fine, I'll do it.
Yamato: Batter number seven is Miyako, our pitcher. We need your sharpshooter-like precision.
Miyako: Man, these sports festivals are so stupid, but I'll do it for you, Yamato.
Yamato: And I'll bat eighth, and play right field.
Tadakatsu: That leaves one... Who is it?
Haguro: You've gotta let me play!
Chika: Haguro, are you serious?
Haguro: Like, class S is just gonna fill their team with girls?
Haguro: And girls can wail on girls way harder than a guy ever could.
Haguro: My power bomb will make crimson flowers bloom on their faces.
Yamato: I like your spirit. You'll bat ninth and play third base, Haguro.
Umeko: You also need five substitutes.
Yamato: I'd like to go with this order.
Umeko: ...Naoe, are you serious? They all look like poor hands to me.
Umeko: Wait... No, this might actually work.
Umeko: Let me make absolutely sure. Is this what you want?
Yamato: Yes, unless you have any objections.
Umeko: Heh, all right. I'll go submit the list.
Yamato: Well then... Guys, the battle begins now.
Yamato: Some of you may think that winning or losing doesn't matter in a school sports festival.
Yamato: Anyone who's entertaining fruit-punchy thoughts like that is welcome to leave.
Yamato: Nobody's leaving. Good. We play to win.
Chris: Of course. I could never stomach defeat.
Yamato: We're up against 2-S. We couldn't ask for a better opponent.
Yamato: After all the times they've made fun of us, it's time we give them a loss to remember!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Momoyo: Okay, it's Kawakami Ball time. Your play-by-play coverage will be handled by me, the radio personality Kawakami Momoyo.
Lu: And I, Lu, will be your color commentator.
Momoyo: Okay, both teams have taken the field. It's finally time to play ball!
Tesshin: I'll be your umpire. Bow to each other!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We will crush you beneath Our feet!
Shouichi: Heh. Sorry, but I don't feel like going home a loser!
PA: Top of the first. First up for 2-S is third baseman, Class S Student 1.
Class S Student 1: Dammit Kuki! You were supposed to put my actual name on the sheet!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Then perform today with such excellence that your name is worthy of a place in Our memory!
Class S Student 1: Hmph! Don't take the Rugby Club so lightly!
Yamato: (Miyako, have him hit a grounder.)
*I signaled her a flick of my eyes.*
Miyako: (You're professing your love to me? In the middle of a match?! I'm so wet!)
Yamato: (Like hell I am!)
Miyako: (I'm joking. Here I go.)
Miyako: Yay.
Momoyo: Shiina Miyako throws the first pitch! But she seems a bit off her game.
Class S Student 1: I've got it! Wait -- a curveball?!
Momoyo: An easy grounder to second. She zips it to first!
Umeko: That would be an out, in normal baseball... But we are not playing normal baseball.
Class S Student 1: I'm only out if the first baseman touches me! I'll blow right through you, fatty!
Momoyo: He's charging straight for the first baseman! He's looking to tackle him!
Yamato: Kuma-chan, you can eat him!
Mitsuru: ...Food!
Class S Student 1: Oraaahhh!
Momoyo: He's running full-tilt, but Kuma-man's not even flinching!
Mitsuru: Hmmph! Come to me, my ham sandwich!
*Bearhug!*
Class S Student 1: Gaaaahhhhhh!
Momoyo: He passionately hugs the runner! That's got to hurt!
Miyako: Oh, what a spectacularly disturbing sound!
Mitsuru: Mnn, this is too gristly for me. I'll pass.
Class S Student 1: Ah... Gah... *cough*... Kwuh!
Tesshin: Bring out the stretcher!
Momoyo: Ah, someone's been injured already! But the players knew what they signed up for.
Momoyo: The first batter's now undergoing treatment at the clinic!
Momoyo: How will Class S break through Class F's powerful blocker?
Lu: A defender can only block if he's holding the ball.
Momoyo: A hit to, say, in front of right field would get a runner on base.
Jun: ...Hey hey, that first baseman's trouble.
Jun: What do we do? I don't wanna be a ham sandwich.
Koyuki: Don't worry. If you become a ham sandwich, I'll eat you first, because I'm your friend.
Jun: If that's what our friendship is, then I'm out.
Margit: I shall manage something. Kokoro, you will assist.
Kokoro: How dare you order me around? ...But all right.
Momoyo: Ah, the doc's saying he won't be able to return.
Momoyo: The first batter retires! Class S is off to a rocky start!
PA: Second at bat, shortstop, Fushikawa.
Kokoro: Now then, I shall show you the glorious power of a noble house.
Yamato: (Cook her up however you want.)
Miyako: (Gakuto, you're the catcher. Make a call.)
Gakuto: (A strike right over the plate. It's not like she'll be able to hit it.)
Miyako: Mn-hm. Hah!
Kokoro: Behold! This noble and refined batting technique has been passed down the Fushikawa family line for generations!
*She sent the ball flying into shallow left field.*
Momoyo: Without the ball, the baseman can't block her! It's a hit!
Momoyo: One out, runner on first.
Gakuto: She hit that ball right where she wanted to. Is all of Class S like her?
Gakuto: Miyako, you have to stay on top of your game against all of them.
Miyako: That sounds perfect too.
Yamato: Miyako, don't let it get to you!
Miyako: Mn-hm! If you don't think I should worry about it, then I won't.
Yamato: Uh, but you should at least try to pick her off.
Gakuto: One out! One out!
PA: Third up is the pitcher, Margit.
Yamato: (Focus low, so we can get the double play. Just keep things by the book.)
Kokoro: Hohoho. Ohhh hohoho!
Yamato: I don't like the sound of that laugh. It's not a bluff. It's the laugh of someone who's got something up her sleeve.
Yamato: Do they have something planned for the first baseman? I have to warn him.
Yamato: Kuma-chan! Watch out for Fushikawa Kokoro!
Kokoro: Yeargh! You outfielders can stay out of this!
Mitsuru: ...SO... HUNGRY.
Yamato: Mmm, I'm not sure if he heard that...
Miyako: Hah!
Margit: Hmph!
Momoyo: It's a hit, but it's a lifeless grounder straight to shortstop!
Chris: On it... Ball caught.: Dog!
Kazuko: Yep, that's two outs. Now, to first!
Momoyo: A 6-4-3 double play... Huh?
Kokoro: Hohoho. The out is yours.
Momoyo: Fushikawa Kokoro hasn't left first base!
Margit: Now, it's time to hunt the biggest, most dangerous game!
Mitsuru: Ooh... You look plump and yummy!
Mitsuru: Blessed be all the world's ingredients, for you will be in my stomach!
Mitsuru: Huh? I can't move my leg?!
Kokoro: Hohoho. I've applied a joint lock to your legs. Now you can't move freely.
Shouichi: Kuma-chan, look out! She's coming in high!
Margit: Hasenjagd!
Mitsuru: Aggh?!
Momoyo: A vicious axe kick! Kuma-man's down!
Mitsuru: Oooh...
Tesshin: But he's stayed in position with the ball in hand, so Margit's still out! Bring Kumagai a stretcher!
PA: Three outs. Change sides.
Yamato: K-Kuma-chan!
*The medics bore him out on the stretcher.*
Margit: For achieving the double play, you have earned my praise.
Margit: However, it will take him several hours to recover.
Kokoro: Hohoho. No monkey could ever defend against our Area Assassination.
Momoyo: And Kuma-man's already been declared as not returning to the field!
Ikurou: Aw, poor Kuma-chan... That's the second time for him today.
Chika: Um, like, you're the one who set him on a rampage.
Yamato: So you'll be Kuma-chan's sub, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: Y-You're throwing me into this hellscape?!
Yamato: We need your agility. And who knows -- when you and a female runner clash, maybe you'll just happen to cop a feel.
Ikurou: Seriously? What sort of man could say no to that?!
Chika: That's disgusting. Naocchi, how can you even suggest that?
Yamato: Sorry, but we have a war to win.
PA: Bottom of the first. 2-F leads off with their second baseman, Kawakami.
Kazuko: I'll exterminate them. You don't mind, right, Yamato?
Wreak havoc
Do it for Kuma-chan
Cool your jets
Yamato: Go wreak havoc. That's your job as the lead-off hitter.
Yamato: Go out there, and do it for Kuma-chan.
Yamato: It's a good idea, but you need to stay calm and wait for your chance.
Kazuko: Roger that! Then off I go!
Yamato: The most important 2-S players to watch out for.
Yamato: Second at-bat, the shortstop Fushikawa Kokoro.
Yamato: Third at-bat, the pitcher Margit.
Yamato: Fourth at-bat, the catcher Kuki Hideo.
Yamato: Seventh at-bat, right fielder Aoi Touma. Eighth at-bat, center fielder Sakakibara Koyuki. Ninth at-bat, left fielder Inoue Jun.
Yamato: The rest, well... They're extras.
Yamato: With all of that in mind, I need to come up with a plan.
Hideo: Oh, Our beloved Kazuko-dono! To think We would meet in such a way as this!
Hideo: Sad though this may be, fate has taken its course and given Us this match! Forgive Us!
Kazuko: Th-This is... kind of awkward.
Margit: (Now, which pitch should I throw?)
Hideo: (A slow pitch down the middle, and see how she reacts.)
Margit: (Fool. You will cease letting personal feelings influence your play.)
Hideo: (Mm. Our subconscious yet gets the better of Us. That will not do.)
Margit: Let's start with this!
Momoyo: The pitcher throws her first pitch!
Kazuko: Oh, it curved. But I've got it. Teigh!
*Wanko bunted towards third.*
Margit: A rolling bunt? Then you fully intend to fight.
Class S Student 2: Heh. I, a true first baseman, will throw you off the diamond.
Momoyo: Here comes the showdown between the first baseman and Wanko!
Kazuko: Let's goooo!
Class S Student 2: The Judo Club doesn't go easy on girls!
Yamato: Don't touch the ball he's holding!
*Wanko dodged around his glove.*
*And slipped behind him.*
*Grabbed him from behind by the waist...*
Kazuko: Kawakami Butcherbird Suplex!
*Enemy in hand, for a heartbeat, Wanko hovered in midair.*
Hideo: Oh, a back suplex? Splendid!
Class S Student 2: Gweh?!
Momoyo: He smashes head-first into the dirt! A thrilling knockout!
Class S Student 2: ...Gh... Ugh... Ghgh...
Tesshin: Safe! No outs, runner on first!
Chika: That's our lead-off batter! You can't ask for better than that!
Kazuko: That at least makes up for Kuma-chan.
Class S Student 2: Hmph... I'm not done yet! I'm back on my feet!
Momoyo: Oh, it looks like the first baseman's not down for the count.
Kazuko: Wow, you're pretty tough.
Class S Student 2: Don't take the Judo Club lightly. Ooh, my neck hurts...
Chika: Mmm, he's still in the game. You were so close.
Yamato: This might be just what we want. Chris?
Chris: What?
Yamato: You promise to follow my orders during this match?
Chris: Yes, given that you are the manager. Do you have an order for me?
Yamato: Wanko's looking to run. Back her up.
Chris: Roger that. Heh, you most definitely have your eye on Wanko.
Yamato: ...You think so?
Shouichi: Yeah, that's totally the vibe I'm getting here.
PA: Batting second, the shortstop, Chris.
Touma: Hideo! As I am quite sure you're aware...
Touma: The first-base runner is looking to steal!
Margit: I grasped that. She wears her heart on her sleeve.
Yamato: ...Aww, they know.
Kazuko: Let them know! We're playing Kawakami Ball!
Kokoro: Oh? You seek to take the base I cover? Interesting.
Kokoro: Go ahead, Margit. Let her run!
Kokoro: Second base will be your grave. But do be sure to tell me what you want on your tombstone.
Kazuko: The only tombstone I'm having will be cheese and pepperoni.
Kazuko: Now I really get to avenge Kuma-chan.
Margit: ...Then let's go.
Hideo: (Margit, you ought throw a strike.)
Margit: (Not an intentional ball? We know she intends to steal.)
Hideo: (We can throw her out. Better to get a strike on the board!)
Margit: (You think too little of them.)
Hideo: (And you think too little of Us. We shall not dishonor the match!)
Margit: (Understood. I will pitch as you command.)
Momoyo: Okay, the ball's left the pitcher's hand, and Wanko's already off to the races!
Chris: I shall support her... With a swing and a miss!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, pray do not hold this against Us!: I will throw you out with love!
Momoyo: The ball flies like an arrow to second!
Kokoro: Catch! Now come to the gates of Hell where waits the champion! I shall bend your joints in ways they were never intended to bend!
Kazuko: Deyaaaaaaahhhhh!
Kokoro: A foolish slide! You have only exposed your leg!
*Fushikawa grabbed hold of Wanko's outstretched leg.*
Kokoro: Got you! Now suffer my noble joint lo--
Kazuko: Kawakami Style: Scorpion Strike!
*With an acrobatic twist of her body, Wanko slammed her fist into Kokoro's stomach.*
Kokoro: Ugh?! You attacked me from a slide?!
Kazuko: Maybe next time you won't wait so long to apply the joint lock. You gave me that opportunity.
Kokoro: Nngh! It was bait the entire time?!
Momoyo: It's hard to escape from a joint lock.
Momoyo: You let her get overconfident, eh, Wanko?
Lu: However, she may not have struck hard enough.
Kokoro: Ggggh! M-M-My body hurts!
Kokoro: Yet a noblewoman such as myself has pride to consider!
Kokoro: I would never embarrass myself by letting go of the ball! Touch... You're out!
Tesshin: Yes, well fought. Kazuko, you are out!
Kazuko: N-Nooo!
Kokoro: Heh. Heheheh. And I am yet able to battle.
Kazuko: You survived the Scorpion Strike?
Kokoro: Hohoho, you can never keep me down. And now you are out.
Kokoro: Useless, useless! Everything you did was useless! Hoh hohohoho!
Kazuko: Nnnnngh!
Lu: I thought as much. The awkward stance meant that she couldn't put her full weight behind the blow.
Lu: If she had, no one would have been able to keep standing.
Momoyo: It was a good idea, but she couldn't finish.
Kazuko: Ooh. I'm sorry, everyone...
Yamato: Nah, you made them pay for that out.
Yamato: (Fushikawa Kokoro has to be hurting.)
Touma: Are you all right? The strike looked to hit you square.
Kokoro: Of course I am, Aoi-kun. Do I not look like my normal, dignified self?!
Koyuki: Pokity poke!
Kokoro: Yeouuuuch! It still hurts?!
Koyuki: Ahaha, this is fun. (She kept poking.)
Kokoro: O-Ohhh... What are you doing? Enough.
Touma: Hmm. It would appear you are as injured as I feared.
Touma: I cannot imagine you leaving the field by choice, so do try to keep it a secret.
Yamato: ......
Touma: ...Though it may already be too late.
Margit: All right, one out. Defense, you will psych yourselves up.
Koyuki: Ooh, okey-dokie.
Chris: Yamato, I do not believe you have given any particular orders... A standard hit is acceptable, then?
Yamato: Oh my gosh, when did you become so regal and cool?
Chris: Hit the thrown ball... Nothing could be simpler or more clean!
*Whoosh!*
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Chris: ...I never expected the ball to move.
Chris: Mar-san, I would have rather you fought me honestly, with a fastball.
Yamato: Huh? What happened to it being simple and clean? Because the way that you're making me feel today -- it's hard to let it go.
Chris: A-Apologies! I shall be more careful henceforth.
Chris: Sheesh. Why must my every misstep be accompanied by your sarcasm?
Yamato: Okay, great, but could you take a step to the left? I can't give instructions.
Chris: Mngh!
Miyako: Fastballs only? I can think of a few professional players she'd be on good terms with.
Chris: ...There is more depth to the sport than I realized.
Chris: If only it were my turn to bat again!
Yamato: And now you're being your old princessy self. That's not how the game is played. We have rules, you know.
Chris: Oof! Must you go that far?!
Shouichi: Welp, I'll see you all on the other side of a home run.
Yamato: It's looks like they'll start by throwing off the plate. Keep your eye on the ball.
Shouichi: Sure thing. I got this. So hey, Wanko and Chris!
Kazuko: Hm?
Chris: Mm?
Shouichi: I'm your leader, and that makes it my job to settle the score.
Shouichi: So don't let a few bad breaks get you down.
PA: Third at bat, center fielder, Kazama-kun. Good luck!
Gakuto: What the hell was that?!
Shouichi: Sweet! Let's do this!
Chris: He certainly knows how to give a rousing speech.
Yamato: After a line like that, Capt's bound to succeed. Though if Gakuto tried the same thing, he'd be setting himself up to fail.
Gakuto: Dammit, not everythin' I do is doomed!
Yamato: Then when you're up to bat, don't get struck out.
Gakuto: Just you watch. I'll hit the ball into the Tama River.
Tesshin: Ball. The count is 2-0!
Hideo: (No matter how narrow, at balls he does not swing? The impudent commoner.)
Margit: (As good as your eyes are...)
Hideo: (Throw another ball. Given his personality, he will make an attempt.)
Margit: (Nein. We don't need to flee the contest.)
Hideo: (You would disobey Us? Then so be it. Throw as you will.)
Margit: It's time! Hah!
Momoyo: Here comes the 130 km/h fastball!
Shouichi: Here comes my best strike! Orah!
Momoyo: A hit! A huge hit! A gigantic hit!
Margit: What? He hit that ball cleanly?!
Lu: He hit it into the gap between left and center field... Hm?!
Koyuki: Ziiiinnnnngggggg!
Miyako: Wow, how's she so fast?
Momoyo: Look at that 2-S center fielder go!
Koyuki: Jumping catch!
Momoyo: And she's got hops! She caught the ball!
Koyuki: Yay!
Shouichi: Bweh? Whoa whoa, you seriously got that?!
Tesshin: Three outs! Change sides!
Touma: Spectacularly done, my adorable little Yuki.
Koyuki: I said I'd do it, so I super did it!
Jun: Living up to your big talk? Geez. Good going, Yuki.
Hideo: Excellent! You shall have a feast of desserts post-game!
Koyuki: Wahaha. Marshmallow! Marshmallows everywhere!
Hideo: Margit, though Yuki's fine play canceled out your blunder--
Margit: I know. I will follow your lead.
Hideo: You put up a decent fight, 2-F. Perhaps this game will be worth Our time.
Shouichi: Shoot, well that was lame.
Chris: No, you could have played no better.
Yamato: Yeah, yeah, especially considering Chris struck out. Don't worry about it.
Chris: You could have left out the part about me!
Chris: How long must I wait for my next opportunity?!
Yamato: We now know that the center fielder can cover a hell of a lot of ground.
Shouichi: I could've pulled that off too! Yo, I'm serious!
Shouichi: So Miyako, let them challenge me a bit.
Miyako: That's extremely unreasonable...
Yamato: Okay, next we need to figure out who we're putting on first.
Chris: I shall do it, for it is clear to me now the role first base plays in this game.
Yamato: There'll be danger.
Chris: Nothing I cannot handle. They will scatter before me.
Yamato: Great. Yonpachi, you take shortstop.
Yamato: Miyako, their sixth batter is in the Baseball Club, and we have information on him.
Yamato: He can't handle low curveballs. Abuse that against him.
Miyako: Nice info.
PA: Fourth up is their catcher, Kuki.
Hideo: We have bided Our time, but now Our hour is at hand! Tremble before Us, unenlightened commoners!
Azumi: You can do it, Hideo-sama!
Azumi: C'mon, let's all cheer for him together!
Jun: Hit it out of the park, Hideo.
Kokoro: Best of luck to you.
Azumi: I. Can't. Hear. You!
Kokoro: Ouch, ouch, cease that. Stop hitting us now!
Jun: H-Hit it out of the park, Hi-de-o!
Kokoro: Home run Hi-de-o!
Hideo: Mwahahaha. Apologies, that Our fans are so loud!
Gakuto: Sounds almost like they're screamin' to me.
Hideo: We shall end your suffering in but a brief moment. For here and now, the King attacks.
Miyako: (Something about this feels wrong. Like he'll hit any ball I throw.)
Gakuto: (Don't worry about it. Just throw your best.)
Miyako: Mn-hm. Teyah!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, this hit We make in your honor.
Hideo: Enuma Elish!
Momoyo: A hit! And all of the outfielders are standing still!
Lu: The ball is unquestionably gone, though it was a good pitch.
Azumi: Heheheh. No one can beat Hideo-sama in baseball!
*Us outfielders could only watch the ball soar away.*
Shouichi: Shoot, but there's nothing I can do about that.
Yamato: You're this good, Kuki Hideo? ...He's worth keeping an eye on.
Tesshin: Home run!
Jun: Wow! What a hit!
Touma: Splendidly done, Hideo!
Koyuki: Zoom zoom!
Azumi: Hideo-sama, that was wonderful!
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Behold, unenlightened masses, the majesty of your emperor!
Gakuto: Shut up and take your walk!
Hideo: Then hence begins Our hero's parade. We shall take our time.
Chris: Yamato, must I have the ball to interfere with him?
Yamato: Yeah, and he hit a home run. We just have to stand here and watch.
Chris: Mmm. That... is humiliating.
Hideo: Mwahahaha!!!
Chris: He did not step on first base!
Hideo: Indeed. The sight of Kazuko-dono on second has set Us ill at ease.
Hideo: There, this may suffice. (He touched the plate.)
Chris: Huh?
Yamato: ...He would've been out if you hadn't said anything.
Chris: Th-There would have been no glory in such an out.
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, did you bear witness to Our fireworks of love?
Kazuko: Haha, it was amazing. So huge!
Hideo: Knowing that Our feelings have reached your heart brings Us ever more joy.
Tadakatsu: Hey, get walkin' already 'fore you piss me off.
Hideo: Do not dare order Us, commoner... Whatever. We're leaving.
Hideo: Farewell to you, Kazuko-dono. Until We meet again! Mwahahahahahaha!
Miyako: Blech... It's kind of frustrating, watching your pitch go over the outfield fence...
Shouichi: One run's nothing. Don't let it get to you, Miyako!
Shouichi: Still, Kuki Hideo's gonna pay for looking cooler than me.
Yamato: You need to listen to your own advice, Capt.
Class S Student 2: Now it is the Judo Club's turn to keep up the pressure!
Miyako: I won't let you!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Class S Student 3: A pity. As a member of the baseball team, I suppose I'll pick up the slack.
Miyako: I'll aim high and inside!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Gakuto: Nice going, Miyako. You got two outs like it was nothing.
Touma: As one might expect from an archery club ace, she can snipe with anything.
Touma: Her fastballs have simply set my heart aflutter.
PA: Seventh batter, right fielder Aoi.
Aoi's Fan 1: Touma-kun! Hit a home run!
Aoi's Fan 2: You so need to score five points right now!
Aoi's Fan 3: Get a hat-trick!
Suguru: Curse this reality and its asinine fangirls!
PA: Good luck, Touma-kun!
Takuya: Whoa, even the announcer's joining in.
Ikurou: Shiina! Just hit him with the ball!
Touma: Hahaha, I must ask that you do not, lest you bring the girls to tears.
Touma: My batting is a bit different from the norm.
Touma: Shiina-san, you're as beautiful as a lilac on a May morning.
Miyako: ...So what? We have a game to play.
Touma: That failed?! Well, I will say I am not surprised...
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Miyako: I love only Yamato. I really don't appreciate you looking at me like that.
Touma: Goodness me... I fear I will struggle to hit any pitches this day.
Hideo: Well, We have put one pitch into the stands. Be at ease.
PA: Bottom of the second. 2-F begins with their fourth batter, catcher, Shimazu.
Gakuto: I'll match your home run with one of my own.
Gakuto: Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmmmph!
Margit: I can feel the gust of wind from his swings even here.
Hideo: And We can predict the height of the ball's trajectory. Go deep, outfielders.
Hideo: (Well, his type of batter demands pitches of varying speeds and breaking balls.)
Margit: (Jawohl!)
Yamato: (There's no way they're going to face him head-on.)
*I told Gakuto to...*
Aim for a curveball
Keep things simple and go for a fastball
Yamato: Go for the breaking balls! I'm sure that's what she'll throw.
Gakuto: Got it. I can handle this.
Margit: Hit this, if you can!
Gakuto: A curveball, right where I want it!
Margit: What?!
Momoyo: Another home run? No, it might be too low...
Yamato: More like it's got a strong headwind... Hmm.
Jun: Okay, okay, I've got this. Time to show off.
Jun: Catch! Whoa, I'm right up against the fence.
Tesshin: Close one, but you're out!
Gakuto: Tch, the ball curved sharper than I thought.
Yamato: She'll throw a fastball eventually. Gamble on that one pitch!
Gakuto: Leave it to me. I'll hit that fastball out of the park!
Tesshin: Strike! Full count!
Gakuto: (Hey, hey. Yamato, she's not throwin' any fastballs!)
Gakuto: (No, I gotta trust Yamato.)
Margit: Hit this, if you can!
Gakuto: There's the fastball!
Gakuto: It's spinnin' so fast! The ball's not falling!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Koyuki: Strikeout! Kaboom!
Gakuto: Mngh... That pitch was unbelievable.
Yamato: A 140 km/h fastball with heavy backspin... I didn't think she was capable of that.
Gakuto: She's got the skills for it. Okay.
Gakuto: Now I know. Next time will be different!
Margit: We won the out, but... He is more capable than I imagined.
Margit: Had I faltered in the slightest, he would have scored.
PA: Fifth at bat is the shortstop, Fukumoto.
Ikurou: My turn! Yahoo!
Margit: He will be a cinch.
Yamato: (Yonpachi, there's no way they'll take you seriously.)
Yamato: (I want you to swing high and outside, as hard as you can, at the first pitch.)
Yamato: (Get a good hit, and every girl watching will want to suck your dick.)
Ikurou: Seriously?! Then it's time to make my harem dreams a reality!
Momoyo: Whoa, it's a hit! He hit it right between third and shortstop!
Margit: --!
Margit: Must I throw my best pitches against every batter? That cannot be right.
PA: Sixth up is left fielder, Minamoto.
Margit: Think you can hit this?!
Tadakatsu: Damn right I can!
Momoyo: There it goes, deep into left field! It's fair!
Jun: Tch. They're getting hit after hit on her!
Ikurou: Awesome! I'm making it to third!
Class S Student 4: When I, an American Football team member, guard it? Do not underestimate me.
Jun: Here you go, third baseman!
Momoyo: It's a laser beam of a throw back to third!
Ikurou: Hmph! I'll spin right past you to third!
Ikurou: Running away's the one thing I'm good at!
Margit: What a strange coincidence. My specialty is catching fleeing prey!
Momoyo: Whoa, the pitcher's cut off the pass to third.
Momoyo: She's really put herself someplace incredible.
Margit: I shall personally execute you. You will fall like straw.
Ikurou: Geh! Not her! Nope, I'm turning back!
Margit: Hahaha! Hasen Jagd!
Ikurou: Ugh! She's got me by the neck!
Momoyo: A Frankensteiner! That's gotta hurt!
Ikurou: Ugh... But a beautiful woman has her legs wrapped around me... Eheheheh...
Momoyo: Whoa, it looks like Fukumoto's enjoying this!
Tadakatsu: You ain't gonna die for nothin'!
Margit: What? When did you--?!
Momoyo: Minamoto Tadakatsu blows past Margit to third, while she's executing the Frankensteiner!
Margit: Third! Here's the ball! You will tag him out!
Class S Student 4: On it! Now, time to blow you... away?
Tadakatsu: Get lost, dumbass.
*Gen-san's backfist punch grazed his chin.*
Class S Student 4: My vision?! A concussion?!
Tadakatsu: Haaahh!
*With that kiai, he slammed his forehead into the dazed football player.*
Class S Student 4: --!
*Who staggered back, unable to check the runner's progress.*
Kazuko: Yay! Nice one, Ta-chan!
Yamato: Knew you could do it, Ta-chan!
Shouichi: I know I'm too old for it, but take me to Koshien anyways!
Tadakatsu: Don't gimme that crap, dammit. *glare*
Yamato: And now he's angry, of course.
Shouichi: I think that nickname's cute, but he hates it, doesn't he?
Tesshin: Fukumoto's out! Minamoto's safe! Good play.
Tesshin: Two outs, runner on third. Play on!
Hideo: Curses, but Our third baseman must be substituted for. Azumi, take to the field!
Azumi: Yes, sir! Oshitari Azumi will defend third base from all comers.
Yamato: Third base is trouble, now that they've put their first batter there...
PA: Seventh at bat, pitcher, Shiina.
Yamato: I need you to buy us some time. Hit fouls.
Miyako: Roger.
*The medics carried Yonpachi off on a stretcher.*
Ikurou: Ah... Ugh... I-I...
Yamato: You did good. Your flame might've burned only briefly, but it burned as bright as the sun, if you ask me.
Umeko: Mm, we should take him to the clinic.
Ikurou: Am I... Am I standing tall before the might of the heavens?
Gakuto: Uh, I'm pretty sure that ship has sailed.
Ikurou: Gaaahhhhhh! (He slumped to the ground.)
Chris: He fainted. I shall close his eyes.
Shouichi: Rest in peace. We'll avenge you.
Suguru: Good bye. Good bye, Yonpachi.
Yamato: As for his substitute...
Suguru: Allow me. This game outlaws far too little.
Suguru: But that in fact grants opportunities for a man such as myself.
Suguru: Now, let the attacks come and go as they will.
Yamato: You're on the list of subs. Good luck out there.
Margit: Kh! Twelve straight fouls?! Are you trying to anger me?!
Tesshin: Ball! That's ball four!
Miyako: Persistence got me on base.
Yamato: Whoa, I completely lost track of what was going on out there. Nice one, Miyako.
PA: Eighth at bat, right fielder, Naoe.
Yamato: Well, let's do this!
Yamato: Wanko, time to bring home what you started.
Kazuko: Huh?
Hideo: Have you another sly trick in mind?
Yamato: Guess there's only one way to find out.
Margit: Do you think a trick will let you hit my pitch?!
Yamato: Nope, I don't think so. However!
Yamato: I can bunt!
Margit: Fool! You have two outs already.
Margit: First baseman, here's the ball. Be merciless, if you would please.
Class S Student 2: On it! Heheh. No intellectual can overpower a judoka!
Yamato: I won't argue the point.
*His fingers started to wrap around my clothes.*
Yamato: But right now...
*But before he could finish, I clotheslined him right in the neck.*
Class S Student 2: Gwaaahhhh?!
Yamato: I know your neck's still hurting, thanks to Wanko's suplex.
Class S Student 2: You bastard... You went right for my weakness...
Yamato: You should've had the courage to take yourself out of the game.
Tesshin: First baseman down! Naoe is safe!
Momoyo: Meanwhile, Minamoto Tadakatsu reached home plate! It's one to one!
Takuya: Wow! Nice, Yamato! I knew you could do it!
Yamato: Oh, I could only do it because Wanko already had hurt him.
Yamato: Baseball's a team sport. Wanko, we won together.
Kazuko: Huh? So... I should celebrate?
Shouichi: Darn straight! Go nuts, Wanko!
Kazuko: Yay! Yay! Thanks, Yamato!
Shouichi: You did good, Yamato, but watch your back!
Momoyo: Okay, another first baseman's down for the count!
Hideo: Jun, take first base. A substitute will move to left field.
Jun: Geh, you want me on first? I don't think that's a good idea.
Hideo: We know well your talents. Now go.
Jun: You know I get butterflies in my stomach when I'm under pressure.
Koyuki: Jun's all gone.
Koyuki: ...I wanna be closer to Touma.
Hideo: Mn? There is too much open space in left-center field.
Hideo: Well, We can surely handle that much.
Jun: Well, hello there Yamato. Looks like I don't have any other choice but to do this. No hard feelings?
Yamato: No no no, you're just playing out your role.
Hideo: All right, activate the formation.
Yamato: (What formation? I have a bad feeling about this.)
Yamato: (I'll bend down, pretend to tie my shoelaces, and get myself a stash of pocket sand.)
PA: Ninth at bat is third baseman, Haguro.
Haguro: Right, bitches! After reading all those phone novels, there's, like, nothing I can't do!
Margit: Hit a grounder!
Haguro: Oof! Oof Oof! Mine!
Momoyo: She fell for the breaking ball. Now the ball's bouncing weakly across the infield!
Margit: Now! Our target is Naoe Yamato.
Kokoro: Well do I know!
Koyuki: Yay!
Jun: Like I said, no hard feelings.
Yamato: Wh-What?!
Momoyo: Whoa! Four of them have boxed Yamato in!
Momoyo: They're planning to finish him off first!
Kokoro: This is retaliation for what you did to our first baseman. An eye for an eye!
Jun: Ready for the pain? Good luck -- you'll need it.
Yamato: Gh, you bastards...
Touma: Now that he's surrounded, would you kindly end this quickly?
Touma: ...Can they even hear me?
Jun: The Young Master's calling for us to be quick.
Kokoro: He's prepared pocket sand. Be alert for any other tricks.
Yamato: Mmngh.
Margit: I wish you hadn't said that. I was looking forward to seeing how he'd use it.
Margit: But alas. Let the execution begin. Hasen--
Yamato: Wait wait wait! We can talk this through.
Yamato: So please, no need to be harsh!
Kokoro: You would beg for your life? How pathetic. Hohoho!
Kokoro: Beg though you might, your end is set in stone.
Kokoro: Oh, how it must vex you!
Margit: To die with honor is the pride of a warrior.
Yamato: ...Sorry, but I'm more of a tactician myself.
Momoyo: And that's the whistle for the end of the first half!
Kokoro: The what? Time has expired?!
Jun: Oh, you were playing for time... That's why the Young Master wanted us to hurry up!
Yamato: Guys, just because we're playing baseball doesn't mean you have all day.
Margit: Indeed. This game is timed.
Momoyo: The first half is over. We'll be bringing you the second half after the break.
Margit: Was all of this, even the begging, part of your calculations?
Yamato: There's nothing I wouldn't do to win. I'm a tactician, and that's what tacticians do.
Kokoro: Hmph! It's not like I'm vexed or anything!
Kokoro: But we will see who's laughing in the second half!
Koyuki: Poke, poke, poke the body...
Kokoro: Ngwah! Cease that! It stings!
Kokoro: Curse the very ground you stand on, Kawakami Kazuko!
Azumi: I couldn't agree more.
Azumi: ...Next time she makes it on base, she won't get to see the far side of third plate.
Kokoro: Heheh. I see you are as evil as I.
Yamato: Whew, I made it out of there in one piece.
Yamato: But they really dialed up the pressure on me...
*The second half didn't look to be any easier.*
Umeko: Well done evening up the score.
Umeko: Do not slack off in the second half. Sink your fangs into them and do not let go.
Kazuko: Yamato, Yamato!
Kazuko: Thanks for thanking me after you made your hit.
Yamato: I mean, it was all true.
Yamato: You'll be up next inning. It's all on you.
Kazuko: 'Kay! This time, I'll win for sure!
Suguru: How many times have you said that, Ponytail, only to spin your wheels?
Kazuko: Ooh... I--
Haguro: Drop it, Foureyes. Wanko's doing her best out there. Keep going, and I'm so eating you up.
Suguru: Such vulgarity... I would not call my words insults. Simply a call to dial down our expectations.
Haguro: Tch. Nerds like him are, like, so yuck.
Haguro: Wanko, I'm up first next inning, and I am totally gonna get on base. Then, girl, it's all you.
Haguro: So kick some ass!
Kazuko: 'Kay, thanks!
Yamato: (Cheering her on's supposed to be my job...)
Gakuto: Well, I wouldn't feel right if our mascot didn't screw up anyways.
Kazuko: Wah! Why would that cheer me up, you stupid stupidhead!
Yamato: Moro, what data do you have on them from the first half?
Takuya: I gathered all the information I could. Here's what I've got.
Takuya: After all, this is all I'm good for.
Suguru: Nothing carries more weight in war than accurate enemy intelligence. Be proud of your efforts.
Takuya: I can't believe you took the field yourself.
Suguru: Well, what could be more pleasing than to lay low those proud elites?
Suguru: Though they may be stronger, this game leaves room for other avenues of attack.
Chika: That was so cool. We're going blow-for-blow with the elite class.
Gakuto: And we couldn't have done it without you girls' cheers!
Mayo: Thank you! That makes it all worth it!
Gakuto: Argh, why couldn't anyone else have responded...
Chris: It did look to me as if the enemy went easy on us.
Yamato: Yeah, I've got a nervous feeling that's not going anywhere.
Kazuko: So they're going to be even stronger? That fires me up.
Shouichi: Right on. Whatever they throw at us, I'm gonna win! I just know it!
Yamato: Well, we can't win if we're not determined to win.
Shouichi: Sweet, then let's start the second half! Guys, I expect each of you to score a kill!
Yamato: Guys, go out there and be the biggest hero, the one they'll talk about for years!
Umeko: Good. Here!
Yamato: Why the whip?!
Umeko: My whip of love will psyche you all up. Everyone, line up.
Shouichi: Hey, hey, let's not and say we did.
Umeko: Cease your grumbling and get in line.
Yamato: ...I can take the hit for you, if you want.
Miyako: Yamato, you like being whipped now?!
Kazuko: No! No abnormal weirdness!
Kyojin: ...Whoa, Class F's going all-in on the slapstick.
Kyojin: So, what's the plan for the second half?
Touma: I believe it is time for us to go all-out. Wouldn't you agree, everyone?
Kyojin: Okay, so you're finally playing for keeps.
Hideo: Our mentality has been such from the first pitch. We do not compromise in baseball.
Kyojin: Well, you're free to have fun, but you're the select class. You've got to step up your game, or no one'll respect you anymore.
Kokoro: ...That I will not suffer.
Margit: I will get serious. Everyone else will do the same. You are ordered to do the same!
Momoyo: Okay, it's time for the second half!
Momoyo: Class F batted at the end of the first half, so Class S will start us off.
PA: Top of the third. First at bat is center fielder, Sakakibara.
Koyuki: Yay, yay!
Azumi: Yuki, be serious. Please pretty please be serious.
Koyuki: Hmm, can I? Should I?
Jun: What's the big deal? I plan on showing off too.
Koyuki: Hmm, okay. Then it's serious time.
Koyuki: Hey, hey. That ball's going to go boom!
Miyako: (Hmm. Should I throw it inside, Gakuto?)
Gakuto: (Go for it. Right at the corner?)
Miyako: (No, further inside.)
Gakuto: (Hey, hey. You're cuttin' it close, Miyako.)
Miyako: (No, even more.)
Gakuto: (You're tryin' to hit her? Why?)
Miyako: (I have no idea what she has in mind.)
Miyako: (If I shake her up, her reaction might be one I've never seen from her before.)
Gakuto: (I don't like this... But at least don't aim for her face.)
Miyako: (I won't. Then here I go!)
Momoyo: She throws the first pitch! But it's too far inside!
Touma: Yuki!
Koyuki: I'm A-Okay.
*Sakakibara Koyuki darted back a step.*
*Then she took a swing at the massively inside pitch.*
Koyuki: Sraahhhhhhh!
*A clean hit.*
*Every person at the game turned up towards the sky.*
Gakuto: Holy... hell... You're kiddin' me...
*The ball flew off far into the distance.*
Tesshin: Home run!
Koyuki: Yay!
*The stands erupted into applause.*
Spectator A: Damn, that girl's something else!
Spectator B: How can she hit a home run with that tiny body?
Miyako: ...Well then.
Koyuki: Hmm, hm, hmhm.
Touma: Yuki, make absolutely certain to step on each base.
Koyuki: 'Kay. First and second base: Tag!
Jun: Now then... Now it's my turn.
Koyuki: Hey, touch, touch. *Slap!*
Jun: Whoa, hey there. Don't go slapping somebody in the face.
Koyuki: Baldie tagged!
Jun: And don't put it like that!
Gakuto: Dammit, a home run right out of the gate?
Jun: There, there, keep your chin up. Life is full of ups and downs.
Miyako: I'll throw as low as possible... Mnph!
Jun: But right now, yours is full of downs!
*Inoue Jun mightily swung the bat.*
*And the ball soared into the stands like a missile.*
Tesshin: Home run!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Then you can swing a bat, Jun!
Gakuto: ...The heck is goin' on?
Miyako: Hmm... I didn't think it would be that easy to hit.
Jun: I told you, stay positive. Your bad day's just begun, after all.
Kokoro: Well done, well done. Two in a row!
Kokoro: Though no one should be surprised by that.
Yamato: Inoue Jun and Sakakibara Koyuki both... I had no idea they were this good.
PA: The first batter, third baseman, Oshitari.
Azumi: Three to one? Then they can still catch up.
Gakuto: Miyako, calm down. Take this one out at a time.
Miyako: I know that. Mnph!
Azumi: All mine!
*Screamed Oshitari Azumi as her bat cracked against the ball.*
*And for the third time in a row, the 2-F defenders turned skyward.*
Tesshin: Home run! Three straight home runs!
Spectator C: Whoa, awesome! 2-S, you're awesome!
Margit: Well done. I would expect no less from the woman who can counter-snipe an 88mm cannon at 1.5 clicks by eye.
Chika: My gosh... This so can't be happening.
Azumi: Now you know why we're the elites.
Azumi: I'm sure you're having thoughts about how I'm 'just' a girl, or how three-in-a-row never happens.
Azumi: And of course ordinary people would think that way.
Azumi: But we are not ordinary. We are the chosen few who can make the impossible possible.
Kokoro: Our relationship with you is akin to the relationship between mankind and livestock.
Kokoro: But what pig envies man? Oink, swine, and slave away!
Momoyo: What a swing of fortunes! With three straight home runs, it's now 4 to 1!
Chika: Th-They just won't shut up...
Chika: But we'll be fine, right? Naocchi, you have to have a plan.
Yamato: ...Things might become a bit rough...
*They'd been holding back this whole time.*
*None of my data meant anything anymore.*
Yamato: I need time to think.
Kazuko: --!
Mayo: Oh, Shiina-chan... Shouldn't we say something to her?
Yamato: Nobody blames you, Miyako. You're still our pitcher.
Yamato: If they can hit balls off you, they can hit balls off of any of us.
Miyako: I had no intention of subbing out.
Miyako: I might not be a pitcher by trade, but I have my pride.
Gakuto: I can't remember the last time you were fired up. Now that's interesting.
Miyako: I'll take out the next one!
PA: Second at bat, shortstop, Fushikawa.
Kokoro: Though I am far too graceful to bear the strength to take the ball all the way into the stands...
Miyako: Hah!
Kokoro: I can manage a magnificent...: Hit!
Gakuto: Her hits are clean!
Momoyo: A hit into low center field! Can he catch it?
Shouichi: Raaaahhh! You'd better believe it!
*(Screamed Capt as he slid forwards, dust billowing around him.)*
*As it cleared, we all saw an upraised glove with the ball inside it.*
Tesshin: Out! Fine play!
Kokoro: Nngh... Curse your undying determination.
Shouichi: Sweet, that's one down!
Shouichi: The real game starts now, guys!
Kazuko: Yeah, that's right!
Suguru: Heh. The battle turns against us, yet our spirits could not be higher!
Margit: Fire has returned to their eyes...
Margit: Then it is for me to mercilessly crush their hopes.
Yamato:  Time out!
Yamato: Chris, can Miyako get a strike on Margit?
Chris: ...I fear she would hit the first pitch into the stands.
Chris: Yet as you said, none of us can hope to pitch better than Miyako.
Gakuto: This isn't good, Yamato. We need a plan.
Yamato: ...I still don't have one. I'm sorry.
*My mind was drawing a blank. And I was supposed to be their tactician.*
Kazuko: Don't look so grim, Yamato. (She patted my head.)
Yamato: Wanko...?
Kazuko: Baseball's a team sport, right? Let me handle this one.
Kazuko: Because guess what? I've got a plan!
Gakuto: Rejected.
Kazuko: Hey! At least hear me out!
Suguru: I cannot imagine there's any value to your idea.
Kazuko: Waaahhh! Stop being mean and listen to me!
Shouichi: Now, now. Let's listen to her. That doesn't cost us anything.
Shouichi: So, Wanko, what's the plan?
Kazuko: It'll be me... and Kuri. Umm, and it has to be us two.
Chris: Oh, I am involved? Tell me more.
Kazuko: ...We'll... and...
Miyako: That's insane!
Suguru: Can you realize such a trick in a real game?
Kazuko: Me and Kuri can.
Chris: I believe it's worth the attempt.
Yamato: Damn, I would've never thought of that.
Shouichi: Wanko does have her rare moments of brilliance!
Kazuko: Hey! Are you making fun of me?!
Yamato: He is, kind of. Listen, Wanko. You're not bright.
Kazuko: A-Awww really...?
Yamato: Normally stupid people are worse off, but sometimes they'll pulling off something normal people would never even dream of. That's why they're special.
Kazuko: Blargh! Why're you saying that, Yamato?!
Yamato: It's a compliment. By the way, anything a dumbass tries is bound to make him look stupid.
Yamato: Anyways, let's put your plan into action. Heck, it's the only chance we've got.
Miyako: If I can, I'll try to get the strikeout.
Yamato: Yeah. We're counting on you, Miyako.
Margit: You will accept that all your discussions will be for naught.
PA: We have a defensive switch for 2-F.
PA: Chris moves from first base to center field, Kazama goes to left field, and Minamoto goes to first.
PA: Additionally, Kawakami will move to right field, and Naoe will take his old position at second base.
PA: Third at bat for 2-S, pitcher, Margit.
Margit: You will know that your piddling adjustments are futile.
Margit: For my sole objective is a home run!
Miyako: I'll make sure the ball flies into right field... Mnph!
Margit: Mine! Hasen Jagd!
Momoyo: A hit into right field! Another huge hit!
Lu: And another home run for sure... Hm?
Momoyo: Kuri and Wanko are up to something by the fence!
Chris: The distance is good. Same for the angle.
Kazuko: I'll do my part! Don't screw up, Kuri!
Chris: Same to you. Now come!
*Chris lowered her hips and held her hands forward, as if she were preparing to bump a volleyball.*
Chris: I must focus all energy into my arms, and release it at the moment of impact!
Kazuko: Seyaahhhhh!
*Wanko sprinted towards her--*
Kazuko: Soryah!
*And springboarded off of her hands.*
Chris: Fly!
*Chris's arms acted as springs to push Wanko even higher.*
Kazuko: Yay, it worked!
Momoyo: She's flying! Together, Wanko and Chris have come up with something incredible!
Kazuko: And the ball's... Mine!
Chika: Oh my gosh, she caught it so high up!
Takuya: That was awesome, Wanko!
Mayo: But how is she going to land?
Takuya: I don't think we'll have to worry about that.
Kazuko: Huff!
Momoyo: With a spin of her body, Wanko nails the landing!
Lu: I have nothing but good things to say about her instincts.
Tesshin: Batter out!
Spectator A: Class F's freaking insane! I love it!
Spectator B: You can never know what a bunch of good-for-nothings like them will come up with next.
Margit: ...Such power. Yet I should have expected such from you, Frau Chris.
Margit: You launched Kazuko to exactly the right location.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Splendid, Kazuko-dono. What an enchanting play.
PA: Fourth at bat is the catcher, Kuki.
Hideo: Yet Kazuko-dono, your technique bears a weakness.
Hideo: You stand in right field...
Hideo: So what hope have you if We hit to left field?!
Momoyo: It's a hit to left field! And it looks like it's going the distance too!
Kazuko: We're still fast enough to catch it!
Chris: Dog, come with me!
Kazuko: Kuri, don't miss your mark!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Good heavens, are you of a mind to catch that as well?
Hideo: Yet the ball lofts high. Not even you, Kazuko-dono, can reach it!
Chris: Ack, he is right. I cannot launch you that high.
Shouichi: But that's why I'm here! Chris, get ready!
Chris: Capt?! Ah, we can do it together!
Shouichi: I'll follow your lead! Let's go, round two!
Chris: Affirmative. Angle, check! Focusing strength in my arms!
Chris: Come!
Shouichi: Wanko!
Kazuko: Three, two, one!
Chris & Shouichi: Go!
*Together, the two catapulted Kazuko into the stratosphere.*
Kazuko: C'mon! Reach!
*She stretched her arm high, just high enough for the top of her glove to catch the ball.*
Kazuko: I did it! I got it, I got it, I got it!
*Wanko had the biggest grin on her face as she descended down to Earth.*
Kazuko: Umpire! Look, I caught the ball!
Tesshin: So you have! Three outs! Change sides!
Hideo: My... Kazuko-dono has caught Our love!
Jun: You're just going to twist everything so it's in your favor, aren't you?
Kokoro: They cannot hope to overcome a three-point differential. When one additionally considers the amount of time we used up...
Kokoro: Well, the match is as good as over.
Yamato: Wanko... That was one kickass play after another. Good job.
Kazuko: Eheheh. Keep the praise coming. Then I'll do even better!
Shouichi: Someone thinks she's on top of the world.
Miyako: Chris, thank you.
Chris: I am simply glad to have served the team.
Kazuko: Yamato's always helping me out, so I figured I could use my brain too.
Shouichi: Baseball's a real team sport, yeah.
Haguro: Then, like, I'm gonna start off our counterattack with some fireworks.
Haguro: Wanko, you are so not hogging the spotlight!
Haguro: Once they see what I've got, my milkshake's gonna bring every boy to the yard!
Momoyo: The first half ended with Haguro at bat, so Haguro leads off for 2-F!
Haguro: Bring it, bitch! Don't take ganguro lightly!
Margit: You lack even a hint of grace. You will swing and miss at my curveballs.
Haguro: Raaahhh!!!
Margit: What? She hit it into left field?!
Haguro: This is totally easy for me too!
Momoyo: And Haguro's off for second!
Yamato: Second base is dangerous! They'll get the pass in and block you!
Haguro: I'm getting in scoring position, and then Wanko'll bring me home!
Kokoro: Listen up, cow. You shall be the sacrifice to this bloodsport.
Haguro: Whatever, bitch. Let's see ya try smilin' with my my fist in your face!
Kokoro: Not if I elegantly twirl out of the way.
Haguro: Wah! Hey, get your scrawny ass back here!
Koyuki: Ho hoh. (She swept the runner's feet.)
Haguro: Gweh?! What's the center fielder doing here?!
Koyuki: Mn, trippity trip! Now go klabooie!
Kokoro: Indeed. This kneebar will be the end of your leg!
Haguro: Agoh! Oww, owwwww!
Kokoro: Enjoy the pain, cow. Pain that I cause you.
Koyuki: Ooh, that looks painful.
Koyuki: But I wish I could feel anything that strongly.
Kazuko: Hey, she's going too far! Umpire!
Tesshin: Agreed. Out!
Kokoro: Cows are destined to be slaughtered. Hmph.
Haguro: Haaaoooooooo!
Kokoro: Hohoho. What a delectably nasty sound and sensation.
Tesshin: Enough! I called her out!
Kokoro: Ah, I was so obsessed with the play that I failed to he--
Tesshin: You claim to not have noticed?
Kokoro: Ugh! Uh, goodness no. I shall be more careful henceforth.
Kokoro: The energy gathered about him... Bishamonten, to be sure. I nearly let myself forget that he once had been the strongest man alive.
Umeko: Bring a stretcher to carry Haguro to the clinic.
Chika: Hey, is Haguro all right?
Mayo: She might have broken a bone...
Mayo: How could she? The play was already over!
Kokoro: Hohoho. So I injured a monkey. What of it?!
Kokoro: Naoe Yamato! That is what I have in store for you.
Yamato: She personally called me out? Oh, I am so scared.
Kazuko: ...I'm sick of that idiot.
Kazuko: She might think she'll go after you next, Yamato...
Kazuko: But she won't get the chance. I'll take her out first!
Kokoro: My, how the dog yelps in defense of the monkey.
Kokoro: You are more than welcome to bring forth any complaints. I'll be waiting on second base.
Kazuko: Yeah, I'll see you there!
Kazuko: Yamato, don't worry. I won't give her the chance.
Yamato: Yeah, and I don't intend to stand there and let it happen.
Kazuko: This is for Haguro too. I'll beat her!
Yamato: Don't overheat, okay?
Kazuko: Nnnrrrgh!
Yamato: Sh-She's already fired up...
PA: Back to the top of the order, right fielder, Kawakami!
Kazuko: 'Kay! Time for a hit!
Margit: You have determination, but if you can't hit the ball--
Kazuko: There's no 'if' -- I'll hit it!
Momoyo: It's a vicious hit through the left-field hole!
Azumi: I'll catch it all the same!
Momoyo: She's got it. And the quick relay to first!
Kazuko: Yaaaahhhhhhhh!
Momoyo: Wanko slides head-first as the ball comes from third!
*Wanko charged head-first towards first.*
*Class S had the ball, but...*
Tesshin: I judge her... Safe!
Kokoro: C-Curses. How vexing, that she is safe.
Jun: It's the right call. I was a hair late. She stuck with it.
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... I made it.
Kazuko: Now I can fight her... I can fight Fushikawa Kokoro!
Jun: Well, good luck out there, Kawakami.
Kazuko: Huh?
Jun: I don't hate her competitive drive, but she wouldn't know virtue if it hit her in the face.
Jun: So I think maybe someone needs to rake her over the coals.
Jun: Well, no need to pay attention to the ramblings of a poor bald man.
Gakuto: Hey, is it just me or is the baldy talkin' to Wanko?
Yamato: What? Inoue, don't you dare try to woo our girl!
Takuya: She's not a loli!
Jun: Who said anything about wooing her? Besides, do you think I'd do that during a match?
Touma: I most certainly would, Jun.
Jun: Oh, right... Well, you got me wrong, guys.
Margit: One out, runner on first, with Frau Chris at the bat... Intriguing.
Chris: I am Christiane Friedrich!
Margit: Frau Chris, let us fight.
Chris: Give me your best, Mar-san! I shall bring everything I have!
*Ding!*
Yamato: There! With all of her might, Chris hit an infield grounder!
Chris: You need not give the play-by-play for everything! Curveballs are a tricky foe!
Azumi: To second!
Kokoro: Caught! Now, this time we will end things once and for all!
Kazuko: First, you hurt my classmate...
Kazuko: And then you threaten my friend?! You'll pay!
Kokoro: And what of it, you rabid dog?!
Kazuko: I'll take you out! Deraahhh! Scorpion Strike!
Kokoro: A crisp strike -- and yet!
Kokoro: Only a fool would use the same move twice!
Kazuko: You blocked the attack?!
Kokoro: Now fall to my noble jumping armbar!
*Fushikawa jumped up to Wanko's arm and spun her body.*
Kazuko: Oh no!
*She forced Kazuko down.*
*Once she had her in the full armbar, it would all be over. But--*
Kokoro: Ugh?!
*Kokoro still suffered lingering damage from the first Scorpion Strike.*
*Her body froze for a moment -- just long enough for Kazuko to counter.*
Kazuko: Now's my chance!
Kokoro: You escaped?!
*Wanko spun behind the other girl and picked her up.*
Kazuko: Kawakami-style...
*Took a small leap--*
Kokoro: No, I've... Release me!
*And threw herself backwards, arching her back.*
Kazuko: Butcherbird Suplex!
Kokoro: Ugeehhhh!
Spectator C: Wow! She nailed the suplex!
Spectator D: That was amazingly acrobatic!
*Kokoro's head buried into the earth, her body remaining straight as a fencepost.*
Tesshin: Safe! Bring the stretcher!
Kazuko: I did it!
Chika: Wow! Awesome! Nice one, Wanko!
Mayo: That was very dashing, Wanko-chan!
Jun: That's another clean kill. She stabbed her right into the ground.
Touma: We now have a monument on the field.
Yamato: Nice work turning that around!
Shouichi: After that, there's no way I'm not bringing you home!
Momoyo: Okay, and the medics have rushed Fushikawa Kokoro off to the clinic.
Koyuki: She was the funniest.
Hideo: We shall treasure her memory in a corner of Our heart.
Momoyo: Whoa, and 2-S is acting like Fushikawa croaked!
PA: Third at bat, left fielder, Kazama-kun
Spectator A: Whoa! Kazama's the heart and soul of 2-F!
Spectator B: Now who knows who'll win!
Momoyo: Yep, and Fushikawa Kokoro is already confirmed as not returning.
Momoyo: Which puts 2-S down another player! Things are looking rough for them!
Lu: That was a beautiful Butcherbird Suplex, wouldn't you say?
Momoyo: Her earlier Scorpion Strike must have done its job.
Lu: I am glad Kazuko won.
Momoyo: Same.
Momoyo: ...But if it weren't for that injury, Wanko wouldn't have been able to escape the hold.
Momoyo: And using the same move twice in a row shows a lack of flexibility. There's still so much she can improve on--
Lu: You don't go easy on her.
Momoyo: I'm her big sister. I wish I could simply sing her praises, I really do, but...
Lu: Mnn.
Margit: So Kazama Shouichi is next...: But I will not let him score a hit!
Momoyo: Whoa there! Margit's taken off her eyepatch!
Margit: Let us begin. You will strike out, Warrior Kazama!
Shouichi: I can see that curveball coming a mile away! Oraahhh!
Momoyo: He pulls the fast slider into left field!
Tesshin: Foul!
Shouichi: Tch! Next one, gimme one more! I'll send that one into the stands!
Margit: Then how about this?!
Shouichi: Another breaking ball? Take that!
Momoyo: Another deep drive, this time into right field!
Tesshin: ...Foul!
Momoyo: Ooh, another close one, but it's foul. Still, he's hitting those pitches like a champ.
Shouichi: Hmm, maybe I'm focusing too hard on getting a homer.
Shouichi: Well, the next hit'll be perfect.
Margit: You are quite the man, Kazama Shouichi. However, I have my own pride to defend.
Margit: This pitch shall end it!
Shouichi: A fastball! Just what I've been waiting for!
Shouichi: Wait! It's not dropping?!
*Capt's bat whooshed through nothing but air.*
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Gakuto: That fastball, with that much backspin, it's terrifying.
Hideo: A splendid pitch, Margit. Goodness gracious, a great ball of fire.
Margit: You will cease from using it as a cheap reference.
Shouichi: I-I struck out? Me? I missed my moment of glory?
Miyako: That never happens, not for Capt.
Yamato: Well, 'never' is a strong word.
Momoyo: I could hardly believe Mar's intensity on the mound. Class S's pride simply beat out Capt's instincts.
Shouichi: Sorry, Gakuto. I couldn't seal the deal.
Gakuto: Don't worry about it. Who's the one who said baseball's a team sport?
Gakuto: The heavens have simply declared that it is time for me to shine.
Shouichi: ...Yeah. Go get 'em.
Gakuto: Right on! Two outs, runners on second and first! I've been waitin' for a moment like this!
PA: Fourth at bat, catcher, Shimazu.
Gakuto: Give me your best pitch. I'll knock it out of the park!
Hideo: (The base runners are eager to sprint...)
Margit: (Let's start with an intentional ball, to dampen his enthusiasm.)
Hideo: (Hmm, an excellent point. Throws past the outside corner.)
Margit: Then here I go...: Hah!
Momoyo: The runner's off!
Gakuto: Oh? That's an obvious ball, but it's too easy of a pitch.
Momoyo: An intention walk?
Chris: Did they anticipate our play? But I will yet make it to second.
Gakuto: This is too good of a chance!
*Gakuto jumped forward...*
Gakuto: Take this!!! Master-class Swing!
*...and slammed the bat into the ball.*
Momoyo: That ball shows no signs of slowing down! Can it make it to the stands?!
Margit: Absurd. You jumped, then swung with no stance?
Gakuto: Never underestimate my power.
Yamato: Yes! And this time, you have a tailwind!
Gakuto: If I can hit the ball, I can send it wherever I want!
Momoyo: It's going, going...
Takuya: Don't stop now! Keep going!
Suguru: The ball is surely gone. It is high, truly high.
Koyuki: Mmph! It's too high up!
Koyuki: Jun! Let's do the thing they just did!
Koyuki: ...Oh, right, Jun's not in the outfield anymore.
Koyuki: ...It's all over...
Tesshin: Home run!
Spectator A: Woooowwww! He did it by sheer force!
Spectator B: He's tied the game, four to four!
Yamato: Nice job, Gakuto! I didn't know you had it in you.
Shouichi: You were going to hit that ball, whether they knew it or not... Awesome!
Miyako: That's our power hitter for you. Look at that strength.
Takuya: One swing of the bat, and it's all tied up!
Margit: I never knew you had such brute strength.
Gakuto: I haven't been workin' out every day for nothing! Want my number now?
Margit: No, not in the slightest.
Yamato: Don't forget to step on the bases!
Gakuto: I'm perfect! I wouldn't make a mistake like that.
Hideo: Back to square one. They do not go down gently.
Hideo: Though We expect no less from Kazuko-dono's class.
PA: Fifth at bat is the shortstop, Oogushi.
Suguru: Then my turn has come. I should at least be able to hit a grounde--
Margit:  Hasen Jagd!!!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out! Three outs!
Suguru: Well, some things are impossible.
Yamato: Especially with her in a rage. There's nothing you could've done.
Miyako: Okay, we're back on defense... I have to do my best.
Suguru: Hey, who's our substitute?
Shouichi: Whoops, I forgot. We need a new third baseman.
Yamato: Then it's time to play our trump card. We're counting on you.
Kazuko: Huh?! Y-You seriously picked her?!
Takuya: Is that even legal?
Yamato: She's a member of 2-F, too.
Yamato: Isn't that right, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: Heh. I never expected to take the field myself.
Umeko: But sometimes, the situation calls for joining you in the fun and games.
PA: Taking over third base is Ms. Ko... K-Kojima?!
Jun: Hey, hey, you're having Ms. Ume play?!
Umeko: Students of 2-S! Once we have taken the field, we are all equal warriors. Fight me at your best, without reserve or restraint!
Koyuki: Wow, she's so cool!
Kyojin: I hope you're not expecting me to do the same thing!
Touma: No, not especially.
Kyojin: Just because my name means 'Giant' doesn't mean I can play for the Gi--oh.
Kyojin: Nobody expects anything from me...
Koyuki: That's because you're a no-good adult.
Kyojin: Oof, that hurts.
Yamato: Having our teacher fight alongside us should heighten our morale.
Yamato: My plan -- my hunch, really -- worked perfectly.
Yamato: There's only a few left on 2-S that we need to watch out for. We can manage.
Yamato: For a minute there, I was worried they were all monsters, but things aren't that bad.
Yamato: Miyako, follow my instructions to the letter for the fourth and fifth batters.
Miyako: Mn-hm.
Miyako: For the fifth batter, snappy fastballs to the inside corner!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Miyako: For batter number six, low breaking pitches! Only breaking balls, nothing else!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Miyako: For Aoi Touma, don't look at his eyes or mouth and hold nothing back!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Momoyo: Whoa, three up and three down!
Yamato: Nice, Miyako! High five!
Miyako: Here you go.
Yamato: Just because you can jump high enough to high five with your boobs doesn't mean you should!
Miyako: Mn. My pride's recovered.
Hideo: We cannot deny the strength of her pitches... Never did We expect them to fall so quickly.
Kyojin: What happened to being elites?
Touma: Heheh. Goodness, but my ears burn to hear that, given that they have gone even with us all this time.
Touma: Well, we will simply have to get three outs as quickly as Class F got theirs.
Hideo: Between Our direction and Margit's newfound enthusiasm, it lies within the realm of possibility.
PA: Sixth at bat, first baseman, Minamoto.
Margit: You won't hit this ball!
Tadakatsu: So this's the fastball everybody's yappin' about!
Tadakatsu: Tch!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out!
Tadakatsu: I know it's comin', and I still can't hit it?
Miyako: Well, allow me to judge it.
Miyako: ...The backspin is incredible, but not too incredible for me to hit!
Gakuto: Wow, I like that look in your eyes. And you got a clean hit!
Koyuki: But I'll get it! Yes I will!
Momoyo: The center fielder Sakakibara denies the hit!
Miyako: Tch. She really is good.
Takuya: I'm just impressed you hit the same pitch that Capt and Gen-san struck out on.
Miyako: Well, I think they'll be ready for it next time.
Miyako: ...If there is a next time.
Yamato: Well, it's my turn. (Even if I don't have any real plans at the ready...)
Yamato: (Maybe I can knock the catcher off his game.)
Yamato: Hey. What happened to that laugh of yours, Kuki?
Hideo: Energy that could be spent coffeehousing is better spent focusing on the game.
Hideo: The game is close, sharp. Rarely do We get to enjoy such thrills.
*Damn diehards.*
*There was no throwing him off his game.*
Yamato: Guess I'll just have to stand here and get a hit!
Tesshin: Strike! Batter out! Change sides!
Yamato: Yeah, that was never going to work.
Shouichi: Yamato's got nothing against those pitches too.
Gakuto: Quick thinkin' ain't enough to find a way to hit somethin' like that.
Shouichi: Seriously, Miyako, you're something else for hitting it.
Miyako: V for victory! Eyesight is an archer's--
Shouichi: Lifeline, right? So how good are those eyes of yours?
Touma: Well then, time has been called at just the right moment.
Momoyo: The second half's over!
Koyuki: What happens now?
Momoyo: We go straight into sudden death!
Lu: The next run, however it's scored, wins the game.
Momoyo: And with Class S about to bat, that gives them an overwhelming advantage!
Touma: Go on, Yuki. Win the game for us.
Koyuki: 'Kay, if that's what you want.
PA: The eighth batter, center fielder, Sakakibara.
Momoyo: When 2-F can't afford to give up a single run, up to the plate comes one of 2-S's hottest hitters!
Kazuko: Miyako! You've got us in the outfield!
Chris: Know that we have your back!
Miyako: Mn-hm.
Koyuki: Umm, I want... this bat.
Jun: Are you sure? That's a wooden bat, and it looks like it's falling apart.
Koyuki: That means it has character! Heheheh.
Jun: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Koyuki: Just watch me. Then you'll super understand.
Miyako: ...The match is on. Hah!
Koyuki: Eh heh heh. That's not a strike.
Tesshin: Close, but ball one!
Miyako: How about this?!
Koyuki: La la loo Still nope.
Tesshin: On the edge, but ball two.
Miyako: You're not giving balls off the plate a second glance... Then how about this?
Gakuto: (Aw shit. That's a bit too easy for her!)
Koyuki: Yes yes, I've been waiting for you.
Koyuki: Pakeeeeeen!
Miyako: Shoot!
Momoyo: Another huge hit! Her bat broke on impact, but the ball's still flying deep into right field!
Chris: Do not worry! We can defend this!
Kazuko: Thanks for hitting it to right field!
Chris: Angle, check. Height, check. Ready, Dog!
Kazuko: Serah! Jump!
*Again Wanko shot into the sky.*
Chris: --!
*Chris winced from the impact.*
*Launching her up was no mean feat.*
*This might be the last time we could use that move.*
*But we couldn't let the other team know that.*
Chris: (Do not worry.)
*Chris said with her eyes when she caught me staring.*
Kazuko: Now I just have to catch the ball...
Kazuko: What?!
*The ball wasn't the only thing coming her way.*
*Fragments of the bat flew alongside it.*
Koyuki: Can you tell which one's the real ball?
Touma: Goodness me, but I am ever impressed by Yuki's ingenuity.
Yamato: Seriously, what is with her?
Yamato: But Wanko has animal-like instincts. Don't count her out yet!
Kazuko: Here's the ball!
Koyuki: Aww, you caught it?
Kazuko: Yeouch! Splinters everywhere!
*Wanko spun about as she made her landing.*
Kazuko: Tada! I've got it!
Tesshin: Indeed. She's out!
Koyuki: Wow, amazing. How'd you tell them apart?
Jun: Now's not the time to be impressed by the enemy. And you did good, Yuki.
Momoyo: But here comes another home-run-hitting batter!
Momoyo: And Assistant Master, you're supposed to chime in from time to time.
Lu: Sorry, I got caught up in the game. Ahaha.
Jun: I guess I'll seal the deal. Your defense has one weakness.
Miyako: Hah!
Jun: That's... A low hit to left field! You'll never make it in time!
Momoyo: Baldie pulls the ball!
Shouichi: But too bad, it's all mine! I caught your ball fair and square!
Momoyo: A line drive to the left fielder. It needed more height to it!
Jun: Geh. I thought your balls had a bit more oomph to them...
Miyako: I won't let you smoke us.
Jun: I'm actually playing on a pulled muscle. Argh, my hamstring's killing me.
Hideo: Enough of your petty excuses. We will not stomach them.
PA: The lead-off hitter is third baseman, Oshitari.
Azumi: Since it's sudden death, letting the other team bat would be too dangerous.
Hideo: Agreed. A shame, that Our turn to bat is yet distant.
Azumi: Then I'll have to go end the match.
Azumi: Please don't look away, Hideo-sama
Hideo: As strongly as you may hit, Kazuko-dono will surely catch the ball.
Azumi: This won't be an artillery strike. It shall be melee combat.
Gakuto: (Be careful with it, Miyako.)
Miyako: (Mn-hm. Even if she does hit it, I have Wanko at my back.)
Miyako: (So I won't be nervous, but I still give it my all!)
*She threw a heavy fastball, high and inside.*
Tesshin: Nice pitch. Strike!
Azumi: Such intensity I'm impressed.
Azumi: (At this point, rather than going for a home run...)
Azumi: I'll go straight after your weak point
*The ball careened off her bat and into shallow right field.*
Kazuko: Ah, they found our true weakness.
Chris: As we are defending deep, there is nothing we can do against shallow hits.
*With two outs, Oshitari Azumi had gotten on base.*
PA: Second batter, shortstop, Class S Student D.
Shouichi: Darn, I really feel for the gal.
Azumi: Don't worry. You don't have to swing!
Class S Student D: Huh? But I--
Azumi: I'll steal one base with each pitch.
Azumi: That gives me one free point and the win
Momoyo: Wow, like a great thief she's declared what she's about to steal.
Kazuko: I think I have a bad feeling about this.
Yamato: Hmm. Oshitari Azumi... I'm certain she's up to something.
Yamato: She must be pretty confident, if she's announcing her plans like that.
Yamato: If memory serves, the batter's in the Tea Ceremony Club. She won't be hitting any homers.
Yamato: Wanko, Chris, we're going to move you inside against her.
Yamato: Chris, you take shortstop. Wanko, go to third base.
Yamato: If the maid does make a run for it, you two stop her.
Chris: You are the manager so your word is my command. I will accomplish the mission.
Kazuko: 'Kay, will do! And thanks for counting on me.
Gakuto: You sure, Yamato? We're not tryin' to conceal it or anything.
Yamato: First she made sure to make it on base, and now this... Something feels off.
Yamato: She must be confident she can run all over us... But we'll stop her.
Yamato: Plus, there's a bit of hidden meaning in this plan.
Gakuto: Huh? What's that? Stop beatin' around the bush and tell me.
Yamato: You'll understand soon. Right now, focus on defense.
Azumi: It doesn't matter who you send against me... Stacy!
Maid 1: On it!
Momoyo: Whoa, a Kuki maid's charged onto the field!
Maid 1: Here's the consomme soup!
Azumi: Great. I'll swallow... all... of... this!
Azumi: ...Whew...
Azumi: Yes! Yes, yes, yes! I can feel the power building inside me!
Yamato: Wait, hold it! This is clearly doping!
Chika: That's so cheap! She should be kicked!
Azumi: All I did was have a bowl of soup.
Azumi: That may have massively sharpened all of my senses, but you don't need to concern yourselves about that
Hideo: This match forbids weapons, so she is thus denied her kodachi and kunai.
Hideo: You intend to emerge victorious with your bare hands?
Touma: This must be an expression of her determination.
Yamato: Chris, be careful. She's 100% coming straight at you.
Chris: She will not make it past shortstop. But you need to be careful.
*Chris was eager for the fight.*
Miyako: Then... Let's find out for sure. First pitch!
Azumi: Begin the advance! I'll be the dam buster!
Momoyo: She really did it! Gakuto quickly passes to second!
Chris: All right, I shall handle this! Even unarmed, I will not be beaten!
Azumi: Hahaha! I won't lose
*Azumi charged towards second base, towards Chris.*
Azumi: Enjoy this cloud of dust
*Azumi ground to a halt, her shoes billowing dust into the air.*
Chris: Tch, I can not see!
*Meanwhile, Azumi made a move to slip past Chris's side.*
Chris: I will not fall for your petty trickery!
*Chris punched Azumi square in the chest.*
Chris: That should have finished you off -- wait, no, I missed?
*She'd struck only Azumi's clothes.*
Azumi: Oshitari Demon Breath!
Chris: ...?!
*Azumi had snuck behind Chris and punched her from behind.*
Chris: Gah!
*Sending the girl flying.*
Azumi: Substitution Jutsu
Momoyo: Whoa! She's stripped! The maid's bared it all!
Azumi: I'm wearing a swimsuit, so there's no reason I should feel embarrassed.
Gakuto: Yonpachi, now's your chance! Tell me you're takin' shots!
Gakuto: Yon--
Gakuto: Right... He's... Gone, now.
Ikurou: Oh, someone called for the man with a camera?
Gakuto: Dude, you snuck out of the clinic just to take swimsuit pictures?!
Ikurou: I swore to become an expert photographer of the female form.
Ikurou: I'll do whatever it takes, even if it destroys my body!
Kazuko: Kuri, are you all right?!
Chris: ...I am fine!
*Despite the ferocious blow she'd suffered, Chris looked steady on her feet.*
Azumi: You reacted to my voice and softened the blow with neigong... Well done
Chris: I will not fall for that again.
Azumi: I don't need you to. I'm already on second
Chris: Nngh...
Tesshin: Safe! She's stolen second!
Momoyo: Okay, that's one base down for Azumi!
Yamato: Wanko, she's 100% gunning for you next pitch.
Yamato: You have to find a way to stop her.
Kazuko: 'Kay! I can do it! I feel like I'm on top of my game.
Azumi: ...Heheh! Then I'll have to make doubly sure.
Azumi: Stacy! Give me seconds of the consomme soup!
Yamato: You're having more?!
Azumi: *gulp* ... *gulp*...
Momoyo: She's eating more of the soup. Is that even within the rules, Assistant Master?
Lu: Well, I've checked the rulebook...
Lu: And rule 56 states players may consume either consomme or onion soup.
Momoyo: Why do you even need that specific a rule in this game?!
Azumi: *Burp!* That was delicious!
Azumi: Now my five senses have been maxed out.
Azumi: I can even hear people whispering a kilometer away from here.
Azumi: There's no way you can beat me now!
Kazuko: I'm still more determined to win! I'm going to do it! I will!
Azumi: I can move twice as fast now. You just don't have a chance.
Miyako: Wanko, are you all right?
Kazuko: Yeah, this is my moment. Don't let your eye off of me, Onee-sama.
Miyako: Then here I go!
Azumi: Azumi's off!
Momoyo: She's stealing third! The catcher sends the ball racing towards the plate!
Kazuko: Okay, I've got the ball... Now I just have to stop you.
Azumi: It's simply impossible! You can't possibly see through this!
Azumi: Ultimate: Rainbow Clones!
Momoyo: Whoa, she's cloned herself six times! There are seven of her!
Azumi x7: The seven of us will demolish you as one!
Yamato: Wanko!
Kazuko: ...You said you could hear whispers from a kilometer away, didn't you?
Kazuko: Then how about this?!
Kazuko:  WOOF!!!
Azumi: Aieeeee?!
Azumi: Gaaahh! M-My ears! My ears!
Kazuko: Gotcha! You're the real one! Kawakami Ultimate...
Azumi: Gh! Oh no...
Kazuko: Hammer of Heaven!
Azumi: Gah!
*The flying axe kick cleanly struck home.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Sword of Earth!
Azumi: Ugh?!
*The overpowered roundhouse kick pounded Azumi into the dirt.*
Momoyo: Com! Bo! Burst!!! The runner goes down!
Tesshin: Out! Change sides!
Kazuko: Yay! I got her!
Chris: Wow. That was impressive, Dog!
Chris: Using sound as a weapon was a stroke of genius.
Kazuko: I thought her ears would be too sensitive, and I was right!
Lu: Excellent attention to detail, Kazuko!
Momoyo: Yeah, I'd love to sing her praises...
Momoyo: But when she probably couldn't have won against the clones otherwise?
Lu: The fact that she won still matters.
Momoyo: I'm not doubting that, but... if she wants to be an assistant master...
Kazuko: Yay!
Momoyo: This shouldn't be something to celebrate.
Momoyo: But maybe I'm just being too hard on her.
Hideo: Azumi, she struck you a fearsome blow. Are you well?
Azumi: Yes, I've already recovered.
Azumi: And I'm terribly sorry, Hideo-sama!
Azumi: I cannot believe I lost to her... I'm so ashamed of myself!
Hideo: Enough. Victories and defeats all come to a soldier.
Azumi: ...Hideo-sama!
Touma: Now, now. I know you two are close, but we do have a baseball field to defend.
Jun: Damn, how can she still walk after going through that ringer?
PA: Bottom of the fifth starts with ninth batter......... Ms. Kojima?!
Gakuto: So Yamato, what was the hidden meanin' in that plan?
Yamato: So you know how Ms. Ume was on third before the change?
Yamato: I was worried they might find that out before we went to bat.
Gakuto: Found what out?
Margit: Though you are a teacher, I will show you no mercy!
Umeko:  I need none!
Momoyo: Whoa, it's a deep ball over the left fielder's head!
Yamato: How strong she is.
Hideo: You handled Margit's fastball that easily?
Margit: A double? Teachers... are such fearsome creatures!
Umeko: That seems like about the right amount of help to give.
Umeko: The rest is up to you.
Kazuko: That's where I come in! I'll shine as a batter too!
Margit: You will not hit my pitch!
Kazuko: I've spent all this time watching, so yes I can!
*It was a scathing line drive down to third base.*
Azumi: Hah! (She made a diving catch.)
Tesshin: Fine play! Out!
Azumi: Heh. I believe that makes up a bit for earlier
Kazuko: Awww!
Yamato: That was still a good hit. Sometimes, you just get outplayed.
Kazuko: I guess, but...
Kazuko: She still looks perfectly fine, even though I hit her as hard as I could.
Kazuko: Do you think maybe I don't have enough power?
Yamato: Now's not the time to worry about that.
Chris: I know. For this is my opportunity.
Yamato: Take it slow, okay?
*Crack! A pop fly to the pitcher.*
Margit: Frau Chris, you rushed your attack.
Chris: Mmph... I fear I have embarrassed myself.
Yamato: You got beat on the first swing? What part of this was your opportunity?
Chris: Hush you!
Yamato: Don't get angry with me.
Shouichi: Welp, looks like it's time for a good old gust of wind.
Margit: The wind will not blow. The only blowing will be trumpets in fanfare for our victory.
Shouichi: Gimme your best shot.
*She started out with a fastball.*
Shouichi: Nrah!
*He missed his swing by a mile.*
*He'd swung way too late.*
Suguru: ...How can we possibly win?
*The second pitch. Another full-powered fastball.*
Shouichi: Drassay!
*Again the bat caught nothing but air.*
Margit: (I should be able to get a quick strikeout.)
*Then, the third pitch.*
Shouichi: I've finally got the timing down.
Hideo: You've what...?
Margit: Sink!
Hideo: Pray wait!
*Hideo tried to stop her, but he was too late.*
*Margit pitched an honest fastball.*
Shouichi: Sweet, piece of cake!
*Creeeeeen!*
*Capt's bat smacked the ball.*
*Smacked it deep past the head of the left fielder.*
Margit: How did you make these strong adjustments over such few pitches?!
*The crowds roared their approval.*
Takuya: Take your lap! Go!
Hideo: Curses... How could We have lost?
*As Ms. Ume crossed home, the entire classed joined in the cheers.*
Tesshin: Game over! By a score of five to four, Class F wins!
Shouichi: Yep, that felt awesome!
Chika: I knew you could do it, Kazama! You're like a manga character!
Mayo: You always come through in a pinch, Kazama-chan!
Yamato: ...In the end, you still stole the show.
Kazuko: But I... I worked so hard too...
Yamato: You did good. I guarantee it. *pat pat*
Kazuko: Wehehe. Thank you, thank you.
Yamato: Wanko, girl, you really were brilliant out there.
Kazuko: Yamato...
Yamato: Especially when you figured out how to stop them from scoring any more home runs.
Yamato: That was incredible.
Kazuko: Ahaha, you'd go that far? Geez, Yamato.
*She went to throw her arms around me.*
Yamato: So I want you to take the end-of-semester exams just as seriously.
Kazuko: Gwah!
*But she ended up flopping onto the ground.*
*Thus closed the curtain on the ball game tournament's deadly battle.*
*Our class had won, so it was all well and good.*
*.........*
Yamato: ...That's the full story. I worked hard today.
Yamato: But will you listen to what comes next, Hermy and Crabba?
*As I texted my friends, I told my hermit crabs about my day. I'm sure most of those friends would be disgusted if they saw me like this.*
*But no one was around, and I'd never known a better way to catch my breath.*
Yamato: Someone's calling me... Oh, it's Wanko.: Hey, what's up?
Kazuko: Hey hey, let's go play somewhere tomorrow.
Yamato: Wanko, you know we have finals on the 13th.
Yamato: And didn't we agree at the Friday Meeting that we'd focus on our finals now so we could have fun over the summer?
Kazuko: Yeah, so if we play tomorrow, that will encourage me to work even harder.
Yamato: Good grief... Well, you did do something special today.
Kazuko: Right? So give me my reward.
Yamato: You spoiled little...
Yamato: Did you invite everyone?
Kazuko: Nope. I figured you'd have the most free time, so I called you first.
Yamato: A wise choice. Don't ask anyone else.
Yamato: The others need to focus on their studies.
Kazuko: I-Is that a roundabout way of saying no?
Yamato: No, we can hang out somewhere.
Kazuko: Wait, really? Wahoo! Yay, yay!
*The poor fool. We'd be hanging out at the library.*
Yamato: Though it looks like it might rain tomorrow.
Kazuko: Well, I don't mind either way.
Kazuko: Eheheh, where are we going? I haven't seen a movie in a while, so maybe the theatre?
Kazuko: And then, we could go do karaoke?
Kazuko: And if it doesn't rain, we could go biking along the Tama River?
Kazuko: Oh, but don't worry. I'll do my training first.
Yamato: I didn't doubt that for a second.
Kazuko: Mmn, I can't wait. We can meet up at 8...
*That was way too early! I decided to push things till nine.*
Yamato: I don't know if I can handle that. At least wait until 10.
Kazuko: No no no! That's too late! Mn... How about 9?
Yamato: Hmm... Well, let's go with that.
Kazuko: 'Kay! Then if the weather's looking dicey, let's meet up in Citta. (Citta was the business district.)
*Wanko sounded immensely enthusiastic.*
*Maybe, I thought, I should let her have a little fun before steering her to the library.*
Yamato: It looks good outside, but what does the forecast say?
Cookie: There'll be scattered showers this afternoon.
Cookie: Why are you heading out today?
Yamato: Oh, I'm hanging out with Wanko. But don't tell your Meister.
Cookie: All right. I want him to study too.
Cookie: But if you're going out with a girl, how about you change your clothes?
Yamato: Uh, the girl's Wanko. There's no point.
Cookie 2: With that attitude, you'll never get a woman.
Yamato: Why'd you transform?!
Cookie 2: My original master was Kawakami Kazuko.
Cookie 2: I will not suffer her being insulted in silence.
Yamato: It's more like... I'm just trying to not seem awkward, you know?
Cookie 2: Ah, I see. Then I suspect she is your first love!
Cookie 2: Go forth. If you are a true man, you will woo her and bed her.
Yamato: S-Sure. Then I'll see you later.
*.........*
Yamato: Man, Cookie's too emotional...
Yamato: Why would I have to worry about clothes with Wanko?
Kazuko: Yamato, over here.
Yamato: (She's in sportswear? Though it's not like that's unusual for her...)
Yamato: It's sunny, but it doesn't look like that's going to last. What do you want to do?
Kazuko: Nope, it's going to rain. I can smell it.
Yamato: Right, you can smell the rain in the air.
Kazuko: So let's see a movie! I just got paid too.
Yamato: Oh, for delivering newspapers? Okay, what should we see...
*The movies playing right now were...*
T4 (Action)
Love Typhoon XIX (Romance)
Room 613 (Horror)
Dragon Reborn (Kung Fu)
Yamato: T4 (Action)
Kazuko: I've wanted to watch this! The trailers were amazing.
Yamato: And you can't skip out on the movies everyone's talking about.
Kazuko: Yep! So let's go!
*We both wanted to see this one, so everything turned out good.*
Yamato: Personally, I'd say T2's the best.
Kazuko: Yeah, I cried so much at the end.
Yamato: I can't wait to see if this one beats it.
*The movie was pretty good.*
*But it didn't measure up to 2.*
Yamato: I choose you, Love Hurricane Sierra.
Kazuko: Huh? But isn't that a romance?
Yamato: Haven't the girls in class been saying how good it is?
Kazuko: Well, yeah. I guess it's better than something scary.
Yamato: You could call parts of it horror, if you wanted. Welp, let's go see something scary.
*--During the movie.*
Yamato: Mngh, there's too many sex scenes.
Kazuko: Ooh... Wawawa... They're naked... Again.
*Things grew a bit awkward.*
*The movie had been pretentious as hell, but still decent.*
Yamato: Let's see something scary.
Kazuko: No!
Yamato: Room 613, where everyone who enters it dies. Let's watch this.
Kazuko: Why does it have to be horror?
Yamato: Don't you think it sounds interesting?
Kazuko: No way. Let's watch the Kung Fu movie instead.
Yamato: But TeaCaprio, don't you like him?
Kazuko: I prefer Jean-Claude Man Damme...
Yamato: Nah, I've made up my mind. Come along, Wanko.
Kazuko: Ooh... I'm not going to like this...
Yamato: Come on already.
Kazuko: Okay, I'll go.
*Wanko trotted along after me.*
*--During the movie.*
Protagonist: Ugh. Shit, this is bad. This is bad!
Kazuko: Awawawa. I knew it was going to be scary!
Yamato: Let go of me! I'm trying to watch!
*Maybe she was still too young for this.*
*The movie itself was pretty good.*
Yamato: The Dragon Reborn. We can't go wrong with that.
Kazuko: Aha. Did you pick that for me?
Yamato: What sort of man doesn't like action? And robots, for that matter.
Kazuko: Yeah, then let's do it! I'm getting excited already!
*She started shadowboxing in the lobby.*
*I could hear the people around us laughing.*
Yamato: C'mon, let's go. Umm, it's in theater 5, so upstairs?
*--During the movie.*
Jakkie: Hwachaaa! Ataah!
Kazuko: Yep, Jakkie's always so cool.
Yamato: (I can get how you'd feel that way, but you need to calm down.)
Jakkie: Oo-ee, you thought you could beat me if I'm drunk? Alcohol only makes me stronger!
Kazuko: His attacks are so crisp.
Yamato: I hope he does a movie with Tony Jaa someday.
*What an amazing movie.*
Kazuko: *munch, munch* Thanks for sharing your meat, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, it's fine. But take the time to enjoy your food.
Kazuko: 'Kay! So, about the movie... *munch*
Kazuko: Whah ah oh ihs ahherhoon?
Yamato: Don't talk with your mouth full.
Kazuko: Oh, yeah. R-Right.
*Wanko blushed, then finally started eating properly.*
*She knew what table manners were, but was prone to forget whenever she got excited.*
Kazuko: Where do we go this afternoon? Karaoke?
Yamato: I've got the perfect place in mind. I'll take you there.
Kazuko: Huh? Where where where?
Yamato: It's kind of like a (mental) training facility.
Kazuko: Training? I love training!
*Wanko's eyes lit up.*
Yamato: It's a pretty popular spot too.
Kazuko: Huh? So what sort of facility is it? I wanna know! I wanna know!
Yamato: All right, I get it, just stop shaking the table. (Since we're at the library!)
Kazuko: Why do you keep yelling at me?
Yamato: Because you keep doing things like shaking this table.
Kazuko: But you don't have to be so strict.
Yamato: Well, I'm not your mother, so I can't do something like hide the NEZ controllers.
Kazuko: Ahaha, is that something your mom did to you?
Yamato: In my case, I voluntarily gave it to her as a hostage.
Yamato: It never occurred to her I could simply buy an extra one.
Kazuko: But your dad found out, didn't he?
Yamato: Yeah. He wasn't upset about about the trick, but he was upset that I'd let myself get caught.
Kazuko: Your dad's too way too weird.
Yamato: He's a hard S, seriously...
*An old memory came back to me.*
Yamato's Father: Listen, Yamato. Acquaint yourself with all sorts of people.
Yamato's Father: Those connections will one day be a source of power.
Yamato: Okay.
Yamato's Father: That said, you must also be on guard.
Yamato's Father: They won't come help you in your darkest moments. Don't expect them to.
Yamato: Really?
Yamato's Father: Yes. They're mercenary relationships. If you don't offer anything, they won't give you anything in return.
Yamato's Father: So don't feel obligated to save them when they're in trouble.
Yamato: But Mom said I should be nice to people in trouble.
Yamato's Father: That is how you should treat your friends, not your acquaintances.
Yamato's Father: ...Well, if she's hot enough, you could always save her and then do whatever you want with her.
Yamato: Dad, should you really be saying that to your son?
Yamato's Father: Of course I should. I do not intend to hide anything from you.
Yamato's Father: Especially because I'll be going away for a while.
Yamato: Huh?
Yamato's Father: I'll turn on the TV.
Company President: I sincerely apologize for the false labeling of where our products were produced!
Yamato's Father: See how he exposes himself just to be pilloried? His only crime was being caught, and we'll cull the ones that can't keep their secrets hidden.
Yamato's Father: And with the fools gone, all that remains...
Diet Member: My number one priority is the people.
Yamato's Father: ...Are the foxes who think only of themselves.
Yamato's Father: I've lost hope for this debt-ridden country.
Yamato's Father: I'll work overseas instead.
Yamato: Even though your company's doing well?
Yamato's Father: I can succeed just as easily elsewhere.
Yamato's Father: I've made more than enough contacts.
Yamato's Father: There's no longer any benefit to staying here.
Yamato's Father: ...Our samurai ancestors would laugh if they saw what had become of us.
Yamato's Father: What is our response to the indignities of other nations? Regret and dissatisfaction? No. I won't accept that.
Yamato: So you're leaving...?
Yamato's Father: I am. I won't work myself to death just to pay for the pension of some old farts.
Yamato's Father: A 40 percent corporate tax rate is madness. It's much cheaper elsewhere... Everyone will leave, sooner or later.
Yamato: But I've been looking into it, and...
Yamato's Father: And?
Yamato: If a company is in the black one quarter, but was in the red previously, they'd be able to reduce that rate. There are good things to our system.
Yamato's Father: Only given certain conditions, such as the company being under five years old. Though it's a good law, I will give it that.
Yamato's Father: Yamato, I remember you saying you wanted to change this country.
Yamato: Okay.
Yamato's Father: I support that, I really do.
Yamato's Father: My son rejuvenates the country I abandoned. Wouldn't that be a twist of fate?
Yamato's Father: If you pull that off, you'll have surpassed me.
Yamato's Father: If you can change Japan, I might even return.
Yamato's Father: I'll be waiting, hahaha.
Yamato's Father: Goodbye, Yamato. I'll call you every month.
*............*
Yamato: I have to say, my dad had a cold view of everything.
Kazuko: That sounds really tricky.
Kazuko: But your dad still calls you from overseas, right?
Yamato: Every month, like clockwork, he calls to send his love.
Kazuko: Wahaha, so you are close with them.
Kazuko: With... your parents...
Kazuko: Oh, so Yamato...
Margit: How dare you play on your phone with a customer present? You will feel shame!
Waitress: I-I'm sorry!
Yamato: Wait, I know that voice... Whoa, it's Margit.
Kazuko: Oh, she's here? Okay, time for my big match against her!
Yamato: Calm down! We're just here today to hang out.
Kazuko: Huh? Oh... Then I can't challenge her?
Yamato: With Chris's dad here too? No, please don't.
Kazuko: So when you think about it, isn't wearing a military uniform in a family restaurant super weird?
Yamato: I don't even have to think about it. I almost want to call the cops on them.
Margit: You will summon your manager. Your ineptitude must not stand.
Chris's Father: Now there, no need to be so harsh... Margit, let's order.
Chris's Father: I will have the chocolate parfait.
Margit: That is Frau Chris's favorite.
Chris's Father: Indeed. Chris loves the dessert.
Chris's Father: She always has such a smile on her face as she eats it.
Margit: You will bring him a large serving. I will have water.
Chris's Father: There's no need to restrain yourself. Have whatever you'd like.
Margit: Yes, sir. I, Margit Eberbach, will order whatever I please.
Margit: Does the kid's meal come with a flag?
Waitress: Yes, it comes free with the meal, but...
Margit: Then you will bring one with the proud German flag.
Waitress: Y-Yes ma'am!
Chris's Father: So, is your top-secret mission going well?
Margit: Yes, sir. All is fine with Frau Chris.
Chris's Father: That is good to hear. Then I will order the stealth fighter in Kawakami airspace to return to base.
Chris's Father: Continue forth with your valiant mission, Margit.
Chris's Father: If any man makes a pass on my beloved Chris...
Margit: Then I, the captain of the Hounds, will hunt him down.
Chris's Father: Good. If need be, you can have bombers at your disposal.
Chris's Father: But do not forget that your mission is top secret.
Kazuko: ...What part of that's top secret? We can hear every word.
Yamato: ...I'm glad I didn't put the moves on her.
Kazuko: Still, Chris's dad really loves her too.
Yamato: I think every father feels that way about his daughter, don't you?
Kazuko: ...Mmm, I don't know...
Kazuko: But either way, I'm jealous.
Yamato: Oh?
Kazuko: My adoptive parents... They're both on a training journey.
Kazuko: And I don't even know what my birthparents look like...
Yamato: You have your grandfather and your sister.
Kazuko: I guess. And Assistant Master is kind to me, too.
Kazuko: But back on topic, I've never even heard Grandpa or any of them even talk about Japan or politics.
Yamato: Is that a big deal? They're diehard warriors, after all.
Kazuko: And nobody reads anything in the newspaper besides the TV listings.
Yamato: ...Maybe not that diehard.
Kazuko: Okay, let's head over to that training facility!
Yamato: Wow, you're charged up. Then let's go.
Kazuko: Huh, you look so much cooler than I thought you did, Yamato.
Yamato: You're not going to sweet-talk your way out of your half of the bill.
Kazuko: I know...
*.........*
Kazuko: Wait -- the library?!
Yamato: It's too late. Time to study.
Kazuko: But why would I do that?!
Yamato: Here, look at the calendar. We have exams in two weeks.
Kazuko: O-Ow! Stop! I don't want a noogie!
Kazuko: S-Sorry, but I didn't bring anything to study with.
Yamato: But I did, and I brought enough for us both!
Kazuko: H-How could you? You trapped me.
Yamato: I'll at least let you pick the first subject.
Kazuko: *yawn* ...I'm getting sleepy.
Yamato: If you fall asleep, I'm spraying pesticides in your eyes.
Kazuko: Eeeek!
Yamato: I'll duel-wield a Cockroaster and a Bug-Be-Gone spray can. Which one do you think will hurt more? By the way, 'Don't try this at home, kids!'
Kazuko: Ooh, fine... I'll do it.
Kazuko: But... I really wanted to play.
Kazuko: Now there's no way I can stay motivated through finals...
Yamato: Motivation? Hah. Hey, Wanko!
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Yamato: Sit down.
Kazuko: Huh? But we're standing on concrete.
Yamato: That's exactly why.
Kazuko: Oooh.
Yamato: If you studied regularly, we wouldn't have to be going through this right now.
Kazuko: I know...
Yamato: Here I am, volunteering to help you through it. This is your only hope to avoid failing out and having to take remedial lessons over the summer.
Kazuko: ...I know...
Yamato: And do you realize how much time I've just had to waste scolding you?
Kazuko: I know... I'm sorry. I'll study...
Yamato: For real?
Kazuko: Yes, I'll do it. I'll really study.
Yamato: Heheh! Wanko, there's no need to cry! I was mostly just fooling around, okay?
Kazuko: ...... (She trembled like a puppy.)
Yamato: I'm glad you understand. Then let's start.
Kazuko: Yeah... Okay!
Kazuko: I've changed gears! If something's worth doing, it's worth doing right!
Yamato: Good. I think you're a master at working hard.
Yamato: Then let's start with English.
Kazuko: 'Kay! I'll burn through each subject!
Yamato: If you freeze up, I'll slap you on the butt to get you going again.
Kazuko: The scariest part is, I know you'll actually do it.
Yamato: You would've failed the entrance exam if I didn't.
Kazuko: Okay! English will be first!
Kazuko: --!
Kazuko: ...Yamato, I don't understand what the first problem's saying.
Yamato: Don't worry. I anticipated that you'd be that stupid.
Yamato: I'll kindly and thoroughly walk you through everything. To begin...
*.........*
Kazuko: Hwahh. I'm so tired.
Yamato: But you made a lot of progress today. You did good.
Kazuko: Eheheh. I worked really hard!
Yamato: (She has incredible ability to focus, so we can study really efficiently.)
Yamato: If you keep this up, you can spend all of the 7th having fun at the festival.
Kazuko: Yay, yay! I definitely don't want to miss that!
Yamato: Then you have to put a lot of effort into studying for these two weeks.
Kazuko: 'Kay, I will... I know I have to study, but...
Kazuko: But I don't want to stop training, either.
Yamato: It's only for two weeks.
Kazuko: I still have to get so much stronger! I can't afford to lose two weeks!
Yamato: Mmm, you selfish little pup... Then how about this?
Yamato: I'll set things up so you can study super efficiently.
Yamato: That will be your bare minimum. You can spend the rest of your time training.
Kazuko: Wow! That's super helpful!
Kazuko: But are you sure you want to do that much for me?
Yamato: Compared to what we did for the entrance exams, this is nothing.
Yamato: Besides... I want to help you out.
Kazuko: Huh? Why?
Yamato: Because you're struggling to make your dreams come true, no matter how difficult that may be.
Yamato: You've stuck with it through thick and thin.
Kazuko: Oh, that reminds me. I meant to ask you something back at the restaurant...
Kazuko: What about your dreams? You haven't talked about them in forever.
Kazuko: Didn't you use to say you wanted to change Japan?
Yamato: I haven't really cared much about that these days.
Yamato: But when I see you doing your best, I want to work hard too.
Kazuko: Wow, nice. Now we can both keep pushing forward!
Yamato: That would leave me less time to look after you...
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Yamato: Well, don't worry about it. I have some more thinking to do first. A lot of thinking.
Yamato: Right now, all you have to worry about is studying what I tell you to study.
Kazuko: Will do, Coach!
Yamato: I haven't told you what it is yet.
*All the same, we each had a huge dream.*
*I may have nearly let mine fall by the wayside, but...*
Kazuko: 'Kay! Time to sprint home!
*Yeah, I needed to keep trying.*
*To tell my father I hadn't given up on this country yet.*
*The Kazama Family had begun as a family of three.*
*At first, it was just me, Naoe Yamato, and Kazama Shouichi.*
*We were practically neighbors and our parents were close. I couldn't even remember a time when we hadn't been friends.*
*Capt was a natural-born leader, while I was a skilled counselor. It was like we were made for each other.*
Shouichi: Let's go to the candy store! I'm gonna get a Kinda Egg with a rare toy!
Yamato: There's a pattern to their distribution. We should check the newest box.
*Capt would lead the two of us through all sorts of fun.*
*One girl, Okamoto Kazuko, stared straight at us.*
Shouichi: Oh, what? Do you wanna hang with us?
Kazuko: Huh...?
*One of the things I loved about Capt was how easily he'd offer a hand to others.*
Kazuko: 'Kay!
*Wanko took his hand.*
*And so Wanko joined our group.*
Kazuko: It's way more fun to play with you two than the girls!
*She played with us because she lived in the same neighborhood. It was the simplest of reasons.*
*There was nothing dramatic about it.*
*That's just how childhood friends are.*
*If there was one thing special about it...*
Yamato: Wow, you used to live somewhere different?
Kazuko: Yeah, but Grandma took me in.
*It was that she'd been adopted from an orphanage, not that we knew exactly what that meant.*
*She would tell us so many stories about her time there.*
Kazuko: And then this guy Rikuo starts waving a big knife around, saying how he was going to become a cook.
Yamato: Your orphanage sounds really violent...
Shouichi: Did they bully you a lot, since you're a crybaby?
Kazuko: I was fine. I had Ta-chan.
*Even then, Minamoto Tadakatsu was a real man.*
*By the time we finally met Gen-san in person, it felt more like reuniting with an old friend than meeting someone new.*
Yamato: So you're Ta-chan. Nice to meet you.
Shouichi: Ta-chan, will you protect us, too?
*He proceeded to kick our heads in for that.*
*But I digress.*
*It was the three of us -- adventurous Capt, curious Wanko, and me keeping them out of trouble.*
*But even as high-spirited as Wanko was, she was quick to cry.*
Shouichi: Yahoo! I won another free popsicle!
Kazuko: Why do you always get all the luck...
Yamato: Oh, I got lucky this time too.
Shouichi: Me and Yamato win together! Wanko's left out by herself!
Kazuko: Wahh!
*That was enough to bring her to tears. Besides that...*
Shouichi: Right about now, there's super pretty fireworks up by the Tama River.
Kazuko: Ooh, I'm sorry I caught the measles. I've ruined everything...
Kazuko: Forget about me. Just go enjoy them... *sniff*
Yamato: Then you'd just be crying alone.
Shouichi: I'll buy some fireworks. Once you get better, we'll set 'em off together.
Yamato: That's right. So don't worry about it and get some rest.
Kazuko: I'm sorry... *sniff, hic*... I'm sorry.
Shouichi: The heck? She's cryin' no matter what we do.
Yamato: Haha. Now what do we do?
*We really hit it off. We did everything together.*
Bookstore Owner: Whoa, if you three ain't a bundle of energy!
Bookstore Owner: But you'd better not go playin' in front of my store, ya idiots!
Shouichi: Ah! Retreat!
Kazuko: Wah! Wait for me!
Yamato: Terribly sorry!
Bookstore Owner: ...Sheesh, ya idiots!
Bookstore Owner: That Kazama kid's gonna turn out to be trouble.
*The owner had a good eye for people.*
Kazuko: Here, I bought you some Valentine chocolate!
*It was Wanko who gave me my first chocolates. (The ones from my mom didn't count.)*
Kazuko: It's the ocean!
Kazuko: Time to change!
Yamato: You can't change here!
Kazuko: I can't?
Yamato: Boys and girls have to change separately, you know.
*Capt hadn't been there at the time, but Wanko was also the first girl I saw naked.*
*I'll never forget the shock I felt when I saw she had nothing between her legs.*
Kazuko: I'm warm, so you can use me to stay warm.
Yamato: Really? We'll see about that.
Kazuko: Don't turn in your sleep! That hurts!
*Wanko was also the first girl I slept with, though not in any sort of sexual way.*
*...I'd had a lot of my firsts with Wanko, now that I thought about it.*
*--Three years later.*
Gakuto: Dammit, Shouichi! Don't get full of yourself just because a couple girls think you're a bit cool!
Shouichi: I'm not cocky at all. You're the one getting all angry over nothing.
Gakuto: Kh. Just you wait. I'll kick your butt, steal your underwear, and make you cry like a girl. Mweheheh!
Shouichi: Sounds fun. I've never lost a fight.
Gakuto: That's because you've never fought anyone strong.
Gakuto: And I... am strong!
Kazuko: Awawawa! Y-Yamato, what do we do?
Yamato: (Here, there's nothing better than a trap.)
Yamato: ...Then let's decide the match with a fist fight.
Yamato: Come to the empty lot at 5! Don't chicken out!
Gakuto: Sounds fun. I'm game, skinny kid.
*And when the duel started--*
Gakuto: Gwoh?! What's a pitfall doin' here?!
*We'd spent the last several hours digging a pitfall.*
Shouichi: What a view! Let's go! Whoosh!
Gakuto: Stop it! Hey! You coward!
*Capt hurt him pretty badly before he was able to get out.*
*With those wounds, Capt was an even match for him.*
Gakuto: You jerkface!
Shouichi: You think you can beat me?!
*The fight continued until they both knocked each other on the ground.*
Yamato: Yeah, sorry for all the trouble my friend caused.
Takuya: Nah, Gakuto started this.
*While the two of them fought, Moro and I started getting to know each other.*
Shouichi: Huff... Huff... Huff... You're as strong as you say.
Shouichi: If you grabbed me... Darn, I'd be doomed.
Gakuto: Huff... Huff... You're good too. No one's... ever pushed me this hard...
Kazuko: Huh? Why are they smiling?
Yamato: That's how a real man lives.
Gakuto: That line was awesome.
Yamato: You can make any line sound cool by tacking on the 'real man' bit.
Gakuto: That's how a real man thinks... Hey, it worked. I'm going to start usin' that.
*The two had come to accept each other.*
*Which meant...*
Kazuko: Wawawa! Somebody's here!
Gakuto: Hey, let us start hangin' out with you guys.
Gakuto: I'm Shimazu Gakuto. And this here's my pal. Let him in too.
Takuya: Morooka Takuya. Nice to meet you.
Shouichi: Yo, you're all welcome here!
Kazuko: Grrr!
Gakuto: Who's the wolf-girl?
Yamato: She's more of a dog, and with new members here, she's staking her turf.
Gakuto: That's funny. Nice to meet you, girl.
Takuya: Let's get along.
*That made five.*
*--Two years later.*
Momoyo: Mind letting me join?
Momoyo: Originally, I was only going to be your bodyguard...
Momoyo: But I'm starting to like it here.
*She made six.*
*And Miyako, whom we rescued from bullying, made seven.*
Shouichi: So I've been thinking...
Shouichi: There's nobody out there anymore who can stop us.
Shouichi: Yamato might be the man with the plans, but he doesn't have the strength to pull them off. That's where Momo-senpai and Gakuto come in.
Shouichi: Moro's got a lot of intelligence, but it's mostly game stuff. But Miyako's got him covered with anything cultural.
Shouichi: We're all pretty much mature, but Wanko's innocence is one of the seven wonders of the world.
Shouichi: And I'm the one who brings us all together.
Momoyo: Yeah, no one really can beat us when we work together.
Gakuto: Yeah, there's nothing we can't do. ...But there is one thing I'd like to amend.
Momoyo: Yeah, I feel the same way. Since when are we *your* group?!
Shouichi: Yeouch!
*Yes, we thought there was nothing the seven of us couldn't do if we worked together.*
*We each had our weaknesses, but when we worked together...*
*A year later, Okamoto Kazuko's adoptive mother passed away, and so she became Kawakami Kazuko.*
*--The present.*
Kazuko: Um... I don't get this problem either.
Yamato: Yeah, I thought you wouldn't. That's why I wrote up this simple explanation.
Kazuko: Wow, thanks!
Shouichi: Still, Wanko's relyin' too darn much on Yamato.
Yamato: I'm used to it now.
Kazuko: I've made sure of that!
Miyako: That's not something to be proud of! (She flicked Wanko's forehead.)
Kazuko: Ow! ...Ooh.
Gakuto: Oh, are you gonna cry again?
Kazuko: Mmph! I am not crying!
Kazuko: I decided I wouldn't cry anymore!
Gakuto: I see you whimperin' all the time.
Kazuko: Whimpering, not crying!
Takuya: I think this counts as crying, right now.
Shouichi: Wanko's a crybaby, after all.
Kazuko: Why... Why do you all have to be like that?!
Shouichi: Look at yourself. You've got tears in your eyes.
Gakuto: Don't push yourself, chihuahua.
Kazuko: Oooh... But I'm not crying.
Gakuto: Uh, yes you are!
Momoyo: If you keep bullying my sister, I'm going to uppercut you.
Gakuto: Say that before you hit me! Gwooohhhh!
Kazuko: Crying's a sign of weakness! I'm through with tears!
Yamato: Well, you do get teary-eyed, but you're right to say that the waterworks don't turn on anymore.
Kazuko: Right?! So goodbye, tears! Goodbye!
Yamato: Great. Then let's move on to the next problem.
Kazuko: Mnph. You're so cold, Yamato.
Miyako: Just as cold as me.
Kazuko: But that's a good thing. I need to keep going efficiently!
Momoyo: Hahaha. You're fired up, Wanko. That's awesome, little sis.
Takuya: Momo-senpai, shouldn't you be studying?
Momoyo: Zzz...
Takuya: That might've been a stupid question.
Kazuko: I hope Yamato will keep bending over backwards for me forever.
Miyako: You have a lot of nerve to say that!
Miyako: ...Would you prefer your body to be cremated, buried, or left out for the birds?
Kazuko: Wahh! Don't disappear me! I'm joking, I'm joking!
*My measures to get her through finals were going swimmingly.*
*Wanko was sprinting back and forth along the riverside.*
Kazuko: I won't forget to study, but... I need to train more too.
Yamato: Wow, you're really working hard.
Yamato: So why don't you come to the Shimazu Dorm tonight?
Kazuko: 'Kay! Thanks for tutoring me!
Kazuko: ...I'm not getting in the way of your studying, am I?
Yamato: Heh, now you're worried about me? Don't be.
Yamato: Teaching you lets me review the fundamentals, stuff them into my noggin. I'll be fine.
Kazuko: Mn, then I guess you'll be fine. Okay, all right.
Yamato: Then put your heart into your practice.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: All right! I've just gotta keep working on my leg strength!
Kazuko: DASH!
Man A: Hey, look there. That girl's going for another run.
Man B: Wow, she's really working hard.
Man C: She's always such a hard worker. Tee hee.
Man A: So I was thinking, isn't she kinda cute?
Man B: I mean, she gotta be a bit crazy to be running like that, but yeah. She's hot.
Man C: Yo, I've wanted to tap dat ass for ages. Tee hee.
Man A: So you know, once she's tired after all that running, let's yank her into our car.
Man B: Yo yo, you still trying to get us arrested?
Man C: A bit of fun for the three of us? Tee hee. Punching people through the window as we drove past was gettin' boring anyways.
Man A: Then we're agreed. Shit, I can't wait.
*.........*
Azumi: Hideo-sama, may I have a word?
Hideo: We are presently scribing a love letter to Kazuko-dono. Pray keep it short.
Azumi: This is about Kazuko-san... We've received reports of her training at her usual spot by the river.
Hideo: Hmph. Then We shall deliver it to her upon its completion. Mwahahaha.
Azumi: There's also something else that's caught my attention.
Hideo: And what is that? Speak of it.
Azumi: A suspicious trio of men are eyeing her from afar.
Hideo: What?!
Azumi: I've dispatched Lee there, just to be safe.
Hideo: Mph! This will not do! Ready the rickshaw, Azumi!
*.........*
*--That evening, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: Today, let's cover from this point to here.
Yamato: And while she's working on problems, I can study from here to here...
Tadakatsu: It's me. I'm coming in.
Yamato: What's the password?
Tadakatsu: Hermit crabs forever.
Yamato: My gosh, you sound like you mean it... Come on in.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko's comin' over to study? Here's some snacks to eat on breaks.
Tadakatsu: There's some cake in the fridge too. I got work.
Yamato: Oh, great. Thanks.
Tadakatsu: ...Still, you been nice as shit to Kazuko lately.
Yamato: I mean, we're friends. Though that isn't all.
Tadakatsu: What else is there?
Yamato: She has a huge dream.
Yamato: When I see her struggling towards it, when I remember how I've all but thrown away my own dream...
Yamato: I feel like I have to have her back.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko ain't done nothing but pursue her dream since the Temple took her in.
Yamato: I never really appreciated how much work it takes to become an assistant master.
Yamato: I thought being family would make it easy. What a fool I was.
Tadakatsu: The Temple wouldn't be able to keep up their baseline of strength otherwise.
Yamato: Look, I just want her to see her dream through.
Tadakatsu: Well, you make sure she don't fail.
Yamato: Got it, Ta-chan. Miyako, save me.
Tadakatsu: Damn you... It takes one sly bastard to call for help in the same breath he insults a man.
Yamato: Well, that's why they call me Mr. Brains.
Miyako: ...You've been so nice to Wanko lately that I don't know if I want to help you over this. (She said with a pout.)
Tadakatsu: Hah. You ain't thought things through at all, Mr. Tactician.
Yamato: ...Maybe I only have an 80.
*.........*
*--Meanwhile, by the Tama River.*
Man A: Oh, looks like she's through with training.
Man B: Shit, she went at it hard. I thought she'd never stop.
Man C: She's exhausted. That's our cue. Tee hee.
Man B: Still, don't you feel like we're kinda evil here? Do you think the girl's maybe working towards something?
Man A: Then you know, we're the barriers in the way of her dream. The people who make her work for it.
Man C: We're minors, so we'll get off easy whatever we do. The law's our friend. Tee hee.
Hideo: A barrier? No. You are but a few pebbles on the road.
Man A: Huh?
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. Here We descend to scuff aside you pebbles!
Man B: The heck's with this guy?
Hideo: Dreams are a thing of beauty!
Hideo: Nothing is more sublime than the sight of her working to achieve hers!
Hideo: Hard will it be for Us to overlook your sin of aiming to stand in her way.
Man C: You're making zero sense! Who the heck are you even?!
Hideo: We are one who cast away Our dream. So now We protect the dream of the one We love.
Hideo: For obstructing hers, you are sentenced to being driven over.
Man B: Ya think you can take us? Huh?! Galactica Punch!
*He punched at Hideo.*
Hideo: That? Your attack was so slow, We could drink two cups of Darjeeling tea before it connected.
Man B: Whoa, he's so fast--Agrah?!
*Hideo's kick shattered the man's chin.*
*Hideo suppressed the other men just as quickly.*
Man A: Ohhh... Who is he? He's fucking strong.
Hideo: Justice prevails!
Azumi: I'll be your guide to Hell: Stacy! Lee!
Maid 1: Yeah, come on over. I'm ready to roll over some fuckboys.
Maid 2: This will be painful, but rest assured it won't last forever.
Man A: Wh-What are you doing? We're minors! We're protected under the law!
Hideo: Mwahaha. Know that there are authorities greater than the Diet.
Hideo: Good. Now the normal tranquility of the Tama River has returned.
Kazuko: Wawa! Kuki-kun?!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono! We see you are again hard at work!
Kazuko: Ahaha, yeah... I did a lot today.
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, We support your dream from the bottom of Our heart.
Hideo: Pray never cease your journey.
Kazuko: S-Sure, I guess?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Then until we meet again!
Kazuko: Wh-What just happened?
Hideo: So We find Kazuko-dono to be as full of vim and vigor as ever...
Hideo: A wonderful sight to behold. It fills Us with joy! Mwahahahahaha!
*His laugh echoed about as the sun set on the Tama River.*
*Today was Tanabata.*
*A festival cheer had taken over the city and every wall was dyed in Tanabata colors.*
Kazuko: Thanks to all the time I spent training and studying, today I get to play!
Chris: So this is a Japanese festival! How gorgeous.
*We'd come to Kawakami Temple's annual Tanabata Festival.*
Chris: If only I could have worn a yukata...
Gakuto: Yeah, damn straight. That's true Japanese beauty.
Momoyo: Well, I like looking as much as the guys, so I'm with Gakuto on this one.
Gakuto: All right, then let's go hit on some of the out-of-towners.
Momoyo: Yeah. There's tons of people here, which makes for tons of prey.
Shouichi: Let's hit up the stalls already, like a hurricane!
*We visited all the big stalls.*
Chris: Is that a shooting range, but with bows?
Chris: Then would this not be Miyako's place to excel?
Chris: I would love the opportunity to see you shoot.
Miyako: This is a toy bow. I won't be as good with it.
Miyako: But if you'd still like me to, your sniper will pick up the bow.
Chris: Yes, please do. Could you aim for the stuffed dog?
Miyako: And you have a request? Well, I guess... Teh!
Chris: Oh, an immediate bullseye! Amazing!
Miyako: I myself think that focus is the most important part of archery.
Yukie: Oh, that's interesting. I don't really know much about archery.
Gakuto: I never thought I'd see them gettin' excited about this.
Shouichi: But anyways, is it just me or are there tons more people than usual?
Takuya: No, I've noticed too. It's so packed I can barely move. That never happens.
Shouichi: Welp... Miyako's with the newbies.
Shouichi: Then let's split up. I'm doing the cookie-cutting.
Momoyo: Splitting up? That's new. Maybe I'll go win a few hearts!
*Nee-san began to leave before she'd even finished the sentence.*
Gakuto: Yeah, I want to try to find a group of girls as pretty as jewels of my own. You're with me, right, Moro?
Takuya: Mmm, it'll be hard to find a group of girls prettier than our friends.
Kazuko: I've checked out all the food stands!
Kazuko: So now I'm going on a gourmet tour! Who wants in?!
*Did I want to spend the day with Wanko?*
I went with Wanko
I went with Gakuto
Stay here with Miyako, Yukie, and Chris
Yamato: All right, I'll go with you.
Kazuko: Great!
Gakuto: You two have been joined at the hip lately.
*He looked at us warmly.*
Kazuko: 'Kay, then let's get eating!
Yamato: What do we start?
Kazuko: We'll buy masks first, so we can get in the mood...
Yamato: Haha, you're such a child. Okay, I'll buy the masks.
Kazuko: Yay! As for the food...
Kazuko: I wanna feast on some ikayaki.
Yamato: Well, that's one you never want to miss.
Kazuko: Then we'll chow down on takoyaki.
Yamato: You do like your takoyaki.
Kazuko: Then we'll take a yakisoba-fueled break...
Yamato: That sounds more like we're staying on the attack than taking a break.
Kazuko: Next, we'll stuff our mouths with frankfurters.
Yamato: Meat is the one thing you love more than takoyaki.
Kazuko: Then we'll nitpick some candied apples.
Yamato: You mean 'nibble' them?
Kazuko: And next we'll let some cotton candy take us to Candyland.
Yamato: Isn't that too much? Nah, I can't let myself be surprised yet.
Kazuko: We can have grilled corn doused in soy sauce...
Yamato: I do love corn. Is that all?
Kazuko: Well, we can't skip the oden!
Yamato: I think we can.
Kazuko: We'll buy roasted chestnuts, say they're Kuri, and gobble 'em up.
Yamato: So that's the dessert, right?
Kazuko: Then, to get that tropical feeling, we'll have some pineapple...
Yamato: Uh, I think the only place I'll feel like I'm in is Hell after eating that much.
Kazuko: And wash it down with a tall glass of shaved ice.
Yamato: Shaved ice isn't something you drink.
Kazuko: Then for dessert we'll have skewered chicken.
Yamato: I've never heard of such an oily dessert.
Kazuko: That's the plan. Go go go!
Yamato: Just hearing all of that's made me feel full...
*.........*
Kazuko: Ahh, I'm so happy!
Yamato: A part of me didn't believe you could eat it all, but here we are.
Kazuko: So back in elementary school, you know how we could only eat so much? Since we only had our allowance and all.
Kazuko: But now that I have my own job, I can spend as much as I want! I can buy whatever I want!
Yamato: Oh yeah, you used to talk about buying infinite takoyaki.
Kazuko: Wahoo! This candied apple's seriously so good.
Kazuko: Next up is ikayaki. And they look good too.
Kazuko: *om nom nom* Mmm, it's Toyama squid, I bet.
Yamato: No way you can tell!
Kazuko: I mean it! I can tell just by the smell.
Yamato: You really are a dog.
Kazuko: Now it's chocolate banana time.
Yamato: That's definitely a pairing all right.
Kazuko: Normally I'm focused on nutritional balance, but there's no way that's happening here.
Kazuko: Mnn, I'll lick the chocolate off first. *lick*
Yamato: ...Mm.
Yamato: (She looks so lewd, but I know she's too innocent to be doing it on purpose...)
Kazuko: *smack, lick*
Yamato: Wait, what? Why are you licking the tip of the banana?!
Kazuko: *lick lick* Hamph!
Yamato: What're you even doing, Wanko!
Kazuko: Oh, this? I saw Miyako practicing how to eat a banana, and it seemed like a lot of fun so I'm giving it a try, too.
Yamato: Now I know how parents feel when their daughter starts hanging out with the wrong crowd.
Yamato: Just eat it normally, like you usually would.
Kazuko: You're sure?
Yamato:  Positive.
*I'd have to give Miyako a stern warning later.*
Kazuko: Oh, Yamato, you're done eating?
Yamato: I've had enough already.
Kazuko: Oh, then give me one second. I'm almost done.
Yamato: There's no rush. (I tousled her hair.)
Kazuko: Ooh?
Yamato: Take your time to chew the food.
Kazuko: 'Kay...
Kazuko: *om nom nom*
Yamato: Oh, look, you've got cotton candy on your lips.
Kazuko: My hands are full. Yamato, scoop it off!
*I decided to...*
Wipe it off with a tissue
Lick it off
Yamato: Here, stay still. I'll wipe it off.
Kazuko: Ooh.
Yamato: That looks sweet.
*I licked it off.*
Kazuko: Wah! That tickles!
*Neither of us felt awkward about it.*
Kazuko: Thanks, Yamato. *om nom nom*
Yamato: Don't talk with your mouth full.
Kazuko: *nod*
Kazuko: *gulp* But you know--
Yamato: You swallowed too early!
Kazuko: Everyone's been making fun of me for it, but...
Yamato: Yeah?
Kazuko: You've been helping me a lot lately.
Yamato: I've always been helping you. Why're you making a big deal about it now?
Kazuko: Oh, yeah... I guess you have.
Kazuko: Thanks! I really appreciate it!
Yamato: Where'd that come from?
Yamato: Don't forget that tomorrow it's back to studying like hell to get ready for finals.
Yamato: Enjoy your one night of fun.
Kazuko: Oooh. Why're you being so mean?
Yamato: ...Good question...
*Because I'd felt a bit awkward, right then?*
*Mmm... Was Wanko making me feel awkward?*
Kazuko: What's wrong?
Yamato: You made me feel awkward.
Kazuko: I did? Huh? How? What?
Yamato: Heh. I didn't want to feel like I'd lost, so now I've made you blush too.
*That was really childish of me...*
Kazuko: Why would you be awkward around me?
Kazuko: What does that mean? What could it possibly mean?!
*Wanko was completely baffled by it.*
*And that's how our fun day at the festival ended.*
Yamato: I'll go with Gakuto.
Takuya: Wow, that's surprising. You're looking to put the moves on a girl?
Yamato: More like making sure that Gakuto doesn't get up to any trouble.
Takuya: You're trading off with me? Then I'll go with Wanko.
Gakuto: Heh. Between my might and your intellect, I get the feelin' the ladies will open their legs without a word.
Yamato: Let's see if you've improved your pickup lines.
Gakuto: Just you wait. I read in a magazine that Tanabata's the night guys should stay up to be lucky.
Yamato: A magazine? ...You haven't grown up at all.
Gakuto: And right on cue, here come some high-quality racks.
Gakuto: I'll take the lead. You play wingman.
Yamato: Jawohl.
Gakuto: Hey there, ladies. You're talkin' to the Shimazu Gakuto.
Yamato: So far so good... If I'm being generous.
Gakuto: Rest assured I'm not just after your bodies.
Yamato: And there goes that!
*To no one but Gakuto's surprise, the girls ignored him.*
Yamato: Yeah, that's never going to work. Not now, not ever.
Gakuto: But this book I read said it'll work sometimes.
Yamato: Sure, with the right woman. But not anyone that high-brow.
Gakuto: Then why don't you step up as tactician and show me.
Yamato: Well, sure. I'll prove I'm not all bark and no bite.
Gakuto: Ooh, that was badass. You know, you have your moments.
Yamato: Mmm. I'd say you're a nice guy, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Wh-Where'd that come from?! Don't you dare say you have a thing for me.
Yamato: I'm serious. Please don't turn this into a joke.
Gakuto: Huh? Hey, I'd kind of prefer it were a joke.
Yamato: I'm just saying, as stupid as you are, you're a good guy.
Yamato: You don't deserve to be the victim of a bad first impression every single time.
Gakuto: Yamato!
Yamato: I'll build a bridge between you and girls. Call me Bob the Bridge Builder, even.
Gakuto: Wow! But no suspension bridges, please!
Yamato: Wouldn't dream of it... Where do we start?
Gakuto: It's like, you're really lookin' out for us lately.
Yamato: Really? Maybe it's because I have to do so much for Wanko.
Yamato: Well, they say the cutest girls need the most attention.
Gakuto: Though the way it seemed almost like you were confessin' to me gave me the creeps.
Yamato: Like hell I was! And stop looking like you almost wished I were!
Gakuto: You understand me better than I thought possible.
Yamato: Great, just wipe that damn smile off your face!
Gakuto: I love how you make fun of me!
Yamato: Shit. I gotta find a girl, fast!
Yamato: What about over there? They look like a cute pair of girls!
Gakuto: Let me see... Oh, they're not bad. They pass.
Yamato: This should be a piece of cake... confidence booster cake.
Yamato: Oh, hey there ladies. Tell me, where'd you buy that ikayaki?
Yamato: Oh, down that way on the right? Thanks!
Yamato: Ah, well, you two looked so kind so I thought I would ask, but you actually helped me out!
Yamato: You're both really cute. Are you here with your boyfriends?
Yamato: I'm here with a friend of my own. Want to join us at that fun looking shooting gallery over there?
Yamato: If I played with him, we'd be laughed out of town, so c'mon.
Yamato: Really? Thanks.
Yamato: (I got them hooked. Now we just have to build up a rapport and make sure they want to stay with us after the game.)
Gakuto: Dude, you've never had a girlfriend either, but you're so damn smooth with girls.
Yamato: They're strangers so just act cool. It doesn't matter if you screw up.
Yamato: So who do you want, the longhaired one or the shorthaired one?
Gakuto: Huh? I can't have both?
Gakuto: They could sandwich me between them!
Yamato: Don't try to shoot for the moon when you've never even gotten to first base. Make your choice.
Gakuto: Mnnngghhh! I'll go with the long-haired one.
Yamato: Okay, she's yours.
Yamato: Once you have her hooked, I'll come up with an excuse to split off. Then you can cook her up however you'd like!
Gakuto: Wow! Nice goin', Mr. Tactician!
*And the result...*
Yamato: She gave me her number.
Gakuto: Whoa! Awesome!
Yamato: Well, I have no intention of texting her.
Yamato: How about you?
Gakuto: ...She said she forgot her phone.
Yamato: (Whoa, that's a cliched way to shut him down.)
Gakuto: Your bridge was made out of toothpicks, Yamato!
Yamato: Hmmm. Maybe whatever star you were born under left you cursed with women.
*I couldn't think of any more ways to get him the attention of girls.*
*And so the festival ended on a depressing note.*
Yamato: Taking Wanko's tour de food sounds interesting, but...
Yamato: I'm going to stay here and keep an eye on those three.
Kazuko: Oh...
Takuya: Then I'll go with Wanko.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Gakuto: Whoa, hey, you're leavin' me without a wingman? ...Well, maybe my odds will be better without Moro.
Takuya: Yeah, sure. Don't come crying to me when you strike out again.
Chris: All right! Aim for the sweets next, Miyako.
Miyako: Your requests are so girly.
Miyako: I think that miniature totem pole would be much more interesting.
Chris: Why would I need a totem pole?
Miyako: Mayucchi would probably treasure it. Even worship it daily.
Yukie: You're giving it to me? I'll add it to my family heirlooms!
Chris: That would insult your other heirlooms -- no, your very ancestors.
Yamato: ...Those two are really part of the gang now.
*They didn't need anybody looking out for them.*
*And so the festival ended smoothly.*
*--The first day of exams.*
History Teacher: Now, you will show Maro the fruits of your studies, no?
History Teacher: The top students will have their names posted publicly.
History Teacher: Test your might! Academic combat!
*The scratches of pencils filled the room.*
History Teacher: Failure will not be tolerated, yes?
History Teacher: Those who fail will spend summer break taking remedial lessons, and do not forget it!
Kazuko: (Wah! Stop dialing up the pressure!)
Kazuko: (I have to figure out the answers...)
History Teacher: Maro shall chant for you a song to help you relax.
History Teacher: Maro, Maro, Maro Maro the Virtuous
Ikurou: (Yeargh, shut up! I can't focus.)
Suguru: (Tch. Who could concentrate on their exams in this environment?)
Kazuko: (Umm--Oh! Yamato taught me this one!)
Kazuko: (And this one too! Hey, maybe I can really do this!)
*.........*
Momoyo: Ah, my brain's tired.
Shouichi: Oh, here comes another one.
Takuya: Everyone always gathers here at the secret base after exams, yeah.
Miyako: Well, it's nice to compare answers.
Kazuko: Huh? Wait, Question 14 was A, C, then E?
Yamato: Yep.
Kazuko: Aha! My gut feeling was right!
Yamato: It's fine to count on your gut. A right answer is always right, no matter how you get there.
Momoyo: That's right, Yamato.
Gakuto: But Momo-senpai, aren't you hopeless at tests?
Momoyo: Gakuto, happy to find someone in the same boat as you?
Yukie: Oh, everyone's here!
Matsukaze: My girl here was nervous sick 'cause these were her first Freshman-year tests.
Cookie: That seems to be everyone.
Shouichi: So it's time for a mini Friday Meeting.
Kazuko: Thanks to Yamato, I'll do better than just pass -- I might even get 40 points!
Yamato: Even 50 in some subjects isn't out of the question.
Kazuko: Ahaha, and I barely even studied too!
Yamato: Efficiency matters.
Takuya: Still, why did Maro have to be our proctor?
Gakuto: Right? Why the hell was he singing?
Chris: That experience was certainly unpleasant.
Chris: However, once I focused, I could keep my mind off of it.
Miyako: Mm-hm. That got me through it too.: Yamato, I love you.
Yamato: Your concentration is ummatched. Let's stay friends.
Chris: You mixed confessions and rejections into your regular speech?!
Kazuko: I didn't even notice him singing.
Takuya: You're all so amazing. Your martial arts training must really come in handy.
Kazuko: But once it was over, I was so tired.
*Wanko flopped down, resting her head on my lap.*
Yamato: You really are our mascot. (I tickled her chin.)
Kazuko: *purr*...
Momoyo: --Heheh. You're so relaxed, I can't tell if you're a dog or a cat.
Momoyo: Want me to give you an energy boost?
Kazuko: Hmm?
Momoyo: Once you're done with finals, I've got one last test for you.
Kazuko: Another test? Wh-Why?!
Momoyo: Relax. It's not one you study for. It's a Kawakami Temple test.
Momoyo: You've trained for years now...
Momoyo: So it's about time for you to show what you've learned.
Kazuko: Then you're saying you'll--?!
Momoyo: I challenge you, Kawakami Kazuko.
Momoyo: We'll fight at the Kawakami Temple, with Gramps overseeing it.
Kazuko: A-A formal duel!!!
Momoyo: That's right. It's a one-on-one fight between you and me. Do you accept?
Kazuko: Yes!!! I'd love to!!!
Momoyo: Good. I like your spirit. I wouldn't want you any other way.
Momoyo: This is going to be our first formal match.
Kazuko: I thought I wouldn't be able to fight you for years.
Momoyo: Heheheh. I can't wait already.
Kazuko: Ah! I need to start training right now!
Yamato: Hey! Wait! We're still in exams week!
Kazuko: But but but but but!
Yamato: Sit!
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: Awww, my body moved instinctively...
Momoyo: Oh, but there's one catch. You can only fight me if you make sure to focus on your exams.
Kazuko: Awww... All right.
Momoyo: Is that better, Yamato? I probably should've said that first.
Yamato: I thought you'd gone crazy.
Takuya: But you know, can she measure up to Momo-senpai? Not to be a killjoy, but... How can she win?
Momoyo: I want her to give me all she's got. Even if she loses, there's no way I'd chew her out for it.
Takuya: Okay then. Wanko, good luck!
Kazuko: I just have have to do my best!
Momoyo: Yeah, that's the spirit.
Kazuko: I get to fight you, and you won't be holding back... This is going to be such an experience!
Kazuko: I can't hold anything back!
Momoyo: That's not enough. Go past your limits.
Yukie: ...I am interested, as a fellow martial artist.
Yukie: May I observe?
Momoyo: At a Temple match, each fighter's allowed at most one second.
Momoyo: Old traditions can be annoying like that. Sorry.
Yukie: Ah, oh well then. I don't mind.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, she used to gettin' shot down.
Kazuko: A match with Onee-sama...
*A fire was burning in her eyes.*
History Teacher: With that, your exams came to an end.
History Teacher: Maro trusts you fared well, yes?
Ikurou: Ugh... I started picturing people naked during the tests, then before I knew it, all my time was gone.
Takuya: Why'd you let yourself do that?
Ikurou: C'mon! You saw those English problems!
Takuya: What about them? They aren't double entendres.
Ikurou: The letter 'M' here looks like a girl spreading her legs. Heck, all letters look sexy to me now!
Takuya: Someone must've put a curse on your eyes.
Ikurou: 'B' totally looks like boobs, and 'V' is downright nasty.
Takuya: I think the tests broke Yonpachi.
History Teacher: Then let him break. Maro has naught but coldness for men.
Ikurou: I'm just another victim of our ailing modern society.
History Teacher: Your answers will be returned, graded, come next week. Until then!
Chika: Oh, I so screwed up everything this time.
Haguro: I, like, studied, like, all, like, the wrong, like, things.
Chika: Wanko, what about you?
Kazuko: Heh-heh. I'm going to get above a 40 points on everything!
Haguro: Legit? What? Damn, girl. You're amazing.
Kazuko: My secret is getting Yamato to tutor me.
Yamato: What? Stop pulling at my sleeve.
Kazuko: I looked at the test and was like, wow! Yamato covered so much of this with me!
Kazuko: You're the most reliable tactician ever! I love you, Yamato!
Haguro: Naoe, lecture me next time too.
Yamato: Sorry, but if I tutored any more people, I wouldn't have time to sleep at night.
Haguro: You tryin' to imply you want this booty?
Yamato: How do you even think that?!
Chika: Oh, so Wanko has Naocchi.
Mayo: You have me, Chika-chan.
Chika: But I forget everything I try to study, and I have to rely on you so much I feel bad for it.
Mayo: There's no need to worry about that.
Mayo: Right, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: Yeah. We're used to it.
Chika: Wow, then maybe I'll take you up on that.
Kazuko: That's what I do!
Haguro: So like, this totally feels like you're making me the odd girl out. That's totally bullying.
Kazuko: Well, I somehow made it through the exams!
Kazuko: Now it's finally time! Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!
Chika: What's going on? Why are you shadowboxing?
Yamato: Because she has an exciting martial arts match coming up.
Mayo: You do? I hope you do well.
Haguro: But Wanko always loses.
Kazuko: Oooh... I wish I could say you're wrong, but...
Kazuko: But I've got the determination to force my way through! Roaaaaaarrrrr!
Yamato: ...Don't say sound effects out loud.
Kazuko: Kaplooie.
Yamato: You're bursting with excitement.
*.........*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Momoyo: Tests are over, and for our two newest members, they must've posed no issue.
Yukie: They were challenging, but I believe I did well.
Chris: As did I.
Chris: ...Though I made far too many stupid mistakes.
Momoyo: That's a good problem to have.
Kazuko: Onee-sama! I passed! I'm sure of it!
Momoyo: Wow. Nice going, little sis.
Yamato: Especially when it sounds like you didn't.
Momoyo: Ahhh, I can't hear you! Wanko, let's schedule the match.
Momoyo: How about next week, at 6 p.m. on July 25th?
Kazuko: ...I accept!
Momoyo: Great! I'll go call Gramps.
Yamato: Nee-san, when it comes to fighting, you don't slow down for a second.
Momoyo: We do need to schedule lots of medics to be on-hand.
Yamato: ......!!!
Momoyo: This's what a serious match looks like.
Kazuko: I'm gonna keep pushing forward!
Yukie: Good luck to you both!
Miyako: ...Mmm.
*The sisters' serious match would soon begin.*
*The Kazama Family Chronicles.*
*--One year after Miyako joined.*
*An earthquake shattered our Kazama Family.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Ooh... Ooooh.
Takuya: There, there. We're all here. You're safe.
Gakuto: Wanko's adoptive grandma died... Oh...
Momoyo: She was nice. She gave me lots of snacks.
Yamato: I cried a bit too... And now there's a problem.
Yamato: Wanko has nowhere to go.
Kazuko: Oooh...
Yamato: She adopted Wanko pretty much because she didn't have any children, so...
Yamato: And she didn't have many relatives either.
Takuya: (Right... She was adopted in the first place.)
Gakuto: Then what's goin' to happen to Wanko?
Miyako: They'll... Probably send her to an orphanage.
Kazuko: No, no, no! I don't want to leave you all!
Takuya: There's gotta be some relative!
Yamato: ...Yeah. There's one, a distant male relative.
Yamato: He asked you if you wanted to live with him, right?
Kazuko: Yeah... But...
Miyako: But what?
Yamato: I caught a look of him at today's wake, and... He's bad news.
Yamato: He'll be at the funeral tomorrow. I want you all there to see for yourselves.
*The next day...*
Distant Relative: Hey, how's it going, Kazuko? Wanna come live with me?
Distant Relative: Shit, you're pretty cute. (He stared at her.)
Distant Relative: Life's gonna be fun with a chick like you around, heheh.
Distant Relative: I've been lookin' for someone to do housework too.
Distant Relative: Ya got till tomorrow... *Hic!*
*We were watching from the shadows.*
Yamato: See? He's no good. There's no life in his eyes.
Shouichi: And his hands were all shaky. That's an alcoholic right there.
Miyako: Yeah... We can't let Wanko go to him.
Yamato: Still, the world is filled with people like him.
Gakuto: You said it. It's like there's somethin' broken.
Yamato: Wanko, pure as she is, probably can't protect herself from such dirty scoundrels.
Yamato: I won't let her go without a fight.
Gakuto: Yeah, we have to do somethin'. But what?
Momoyo: There's nothing the seven of us can't do if we work together, right?
Yamato: Nee-san?
Momoyo: With me around, this problem has an easy solution.
Miyako: How so?
Yamato: Wait, you're not strong-arming them, are you?
Momoyo: Not if I can avoid it. Well, just watch. It's time for the final act.
*--The final act.*
Momoyo: Want to come live with me at the Temple, Wanko?
Kazuko: ...Huh?
Momoyo: I already think of you like a little sister...
Momoyo: So why not actually be my sister?
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
Momoyo: Become Kawakami Kazuko, Wanko.
Kazuko: ...You're sure...?
Momoyo: I've already got permission. You know Gramps from when you've come over to hang out, right?
Momoyo: He said he'd love to have you! And everyone else said yes, too.
Kazuko: --!
Kazuko: I-I... I...
Kazuko: I absolutely want to!
Kazuko: I want to stay with everyone!
Kazuko: I don't want to be anywhere near that creep!
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
Kazuko: Th-This isn't a trick, right?
Yamato: Of course not.
Takuya: Something like that, you don't even have to ask.
Shouichi: Or do you need me to step up as leader and give you an order?
Kazuko: Guys...
Momoyo: Then that settles it. Call me Onee-sama, little sis.
Kazuko: Ooh... Ooh... Ooh!
Kazuko: Waaahhhhh!
Kazuko: Onee-sama... Onee-sama... Thank you!
Momoyo: No problem. And thank you for being my little sister.
Gakuto: ...So everythin' turned out great.
Shouichi: Whoa, Gakuto's crying!
Gakuto: Shut up! These are manly tears!
Miyako: Do you think that man will put up a fight?
Yamato: We don't have to worry about him. Between his lifestyle and his alcoholism, the law will side with us... Probably.
Momoyo: And even if it doesn't, that's no problem at all.
Momoyo: Because Assistant Master Shakadou told me that...
Shakadou: He gives y'trouble, y'give me a call.
Shakadou: Back where I'm from, we leave bodies'n the trees, let them decompose'n the wind.
Shakadou: And him, there ain't much for wind t'take away.
*Shakadou was a former assistant master at the Kawakami Temple.*
*But he lacked the proper mentality, and so he was banished.*
*Nee-san, however, had taken a liking to his style of thinking. She would talk with him a lot.*
Yamato: But still...
Yamato: I'm glad that man didn't try to hide his nature.
Takuya: What do you mean?
Yamato: If he had been sly enough to look like an angel, we might not have realized he was actually a devil until it was too late.
Takuya: Oh yeah, that makes sense.
Takuya: You can't just see through them.
Yamato: ...What about the kids those mask-wearing bastards raise?
Yamato: They might not even realize they need help...
Yamato: It's terrifying to think about. The stuff of ghost stories.
*.........*
Yamato: So, well, that's the reason Wanko became Kawakami Kazuko.
Shouichi: The venerable Kawakami Temple took in an orphan. It even made the local news.
Chris: I see... *sniff*
Shouichi: Wow, Chris let out a tear!
Chris: Sh-Shut up!
Yamato: Capt, you're still spouting the same line you did when we were kids.
Chris: ...Momo-senpai truly does have a soft side to her.
Chris: No wonder Dog is so attached to her.
Yamato: But still, those were the days.
Shouichi: Man, it's hard to believe it's been that long since they took her in.
Chris: ...She has been through much, despite how she acts.
Chris: A duel with the sister to whom she owes so much and respects so deeply...
Chris: That will surely drive her to train even harder.
*We turned towards the water, where Wanko was busy shadowboxing.*
Kazuko: Whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!
*She was overflowing with enthusiasm.*
Shouichi: ...Oh! Chris, the line. The line!
Chris: Mm, this is a big one! Yamato, prepare the fish print.
Yamato: Don't be ridiculous.
Chris: Watch.: Haahhh!
*It was a boot.*
Yamato: Wow, Chris. That joke is ancient.
Chris: I-I was not seeking to be funny!
Shouichi: But you got the chops for it!
Chris: I-I-I have no such thing!
*Life couldn't have been more peaceful.*
*Today was the day our exams were returned.*
Umeko: You probably could have done worse on these exams, but I doubt it.
Umeko: Haguro and Fukumoto, I will be seeing you two in particular in remedial summer lessons.
Ikurou: No way! I'll be your butter dog, just don't make me go!
Gakuto: That'd be a win-win for you! Shut the heck up!
Umeko: What is a 'butter dog'?
Ikurou: Oh, it's a mascot character from Hokkaido.
Ikurou: Saying butter dogs are your favorite mascot is really 'in' right now.
Umeko: I see. I will keep that in mind.
Ikurou: *gulp* ...I never knew you were so perverted.
Umeko: Fooled you! I know exactly what you are talking about! Don't try to make a fool out of me!
Ikurou: Gahhh! You really played along!
Chris: So, what is a butter dog?
Miyako: Hm, that's a good question.
Miyako: First, you take a large block of butter, then--
Yamato: Save it for outside the classroom!
Suguru: This conversation has all the appeal of listening to a chorus of WW2 fighter plane engines.
Suguru: Yet, what else could I expect from 3D? ...Good grief, how vulgar.
Chika: ...That creepy nerd's making fun of reality again.
Chika: Oh! We have swimming next period. I'll get my revenge then!
Umeko: Kawakami, you clearly worked hard. I want to see you continue to improve.
Kazuko: Eheheh, thank you.
Umeko: Naoe, you scored well as well as ever.
Yamato: I'm delighted to hear that.
Kazuko: I averaged 41 points! That's super high! Thanks, Yamato!
*By the way, the tests were out of 100 points.*
Gakuto: This gloom won't outlast the end of next period.
Takuya: After all, swimming's coming up next. Which means...
Takuya: Do you want to come along to the school swimsuit festival? Well, I already know the answer to that.
*.........*
Gakuto: So here's the swimsuit festival. Behold the perfectly sculpted muscles of my flex.
Yamato: Dude, move it. I can't see the girls.
Gakuto: Pay me a complimentfirst. You won't get to see until you do.
Gakuto: Hmph hmph hmph hmph hmph hmph hmph!
Yamato: Shut up! And stop jumping!
Takuya: Man... What a view...
Shouichi: Screw that -- let's swim!
Gakuto: Go jump in the kiddy pool and get yourself some chlorine!
Shouichi: Whoa! What the heck, Gakuto?!
*He threw Capt into the pool.*
Ikurou: Okay. Time to rummage for something to jack off to tonight.
Takuya: But Yonpachi, should you really be relaxed and out here when you have remedial lessons coming up?
Ikurou: Not really. But some things aren't worth missing out on!
Takuya: ...That was kind of cool, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: You can't go wrong with Blondie, am I right? She's got curves for days!
Gakuto: You said it. I'm already hard.
Ikurou: Yamato, who are you looking for?
*I decided to...*
Wanko
Miyako
Chris
Moro
Yamato: Wanko, I guess? She's full of energy.
Takuya: It's hard to think of her as sexy though, yeah.
Yamato: But she's always hopping and skipping about.
Kazuko: Wah! Yamato!
*She saw us looking at her, and waved at us.*
*I waved back.*
*It was nothing out of the ordinary for either of us, so no one thought anything of it.*
Yamato: Let's go with Miyako. It'd be too risky to say otherwise.
Gakuto: She'd love to hear that. And she'd get the wrong impression.
Yamato: Don't tell her, please. She'd come at me in her swimsuit.
Yamato: Eh... But you know, I answered 'Miyako' mostly to be polite...
Yamato: But yeah... Miyako's definitely not bad. Amazing, even.
Yamato: Heck, she's getting sexier every day.
Yamato: Nngh... Shoot. Now I'm blushing.
Yamato: Chris, maybe? There's something fresh about seeing a Caucasian in a school swimsuit.
Takuya: Because her skin's so white? That contrasts so elegantly with the dark contours of the school swimsuit.
Yamato: Whoa. Moro, you really hit the nail on the head.
Ikurou: Her legs are extra sensual. My professional opinion as a cameraman's that she's the perfect model.
Mitsuru: From her complexion, I can tell she's eating well.
*Everyone's eyes were on Chris.*
Yamato: Nothing against the girls, but I like Moro's look.
Takuya: Please stop with those jokes already!
Ikurou: I hear you. He's got such feminine skin.
Ikurou: To be honest, he sometimes makes me rock hard.
Takuya: Wawawawawa! Stop talking! Stop talking forever!
*Moro was infuriated.*
Umeko: Hey, get over here and line up.
Yamato: Shoot, we need to get a move on.
Gakuto: Then let's go line u--: Whoa!
*Gakuto tumbled into the pool.*
Shouichi: I pulled you in! I'm an alligator chomping at your legs!
Yamato: You seem more like a kappa to me.
Umeko: Good grief. Stop splashing about, you two.
Kyojin: You're not changing into a swimsuit yourself, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: Why are you even here, Mr. Usami?
Kyojin: Well, you know, I thought I'd shout down any boys who get too excited.
Umeko: Then you are here for the same reason as me?
Kyojin: Man, what a coincidence.
Kyojin: We both know how Mr. Lu can be too soft on them sometimes.
Kyojin: I'll go talk to him!
Kyojin: Hey, Mr. Lu!
Lu: Mr. Usami, are you here to see the students in their swimsuits?
Kyojin: Keep your voice down!
Kyojin: Though you're not wrong.
Lu: Goodness, you are a teacher, Mr. Usami.
Kyojin: But dude, the girls are all gettin' their curves. So sure, maybe I thought I'd come take a stroll.
Lu: I'm at a loss for words. At least try not to interfere with my class.
Kyojin: You're too strict, Lu. You know what you need? Another trip to the red light district. Maybe the soapland in Horinosoto?
Lu: I've had enough of those for a lifetime. They disturb my heart!
Kazuko: The teachers are talking, so let's play.
Chika: But like, the guys are staring way too obviously.
Suguru: Enough of the delusions of grandeur. I haven't the slightest interest in you!
Chika: There you go again, you creepy nerd... But.
Chika: ...Really? Are you really uninterested?
*She stepped into a sexy pose.*
Ikurou: Whooooaaaaaa!
*The boys' howl echoed around the pool.*
Suguru: --!
Suguru: Hmph. A meaningless gesture.
Ikurou: There's something wrong with you! I just came!
Chika: He's right! What sort of a guy wouldn't be interested?!
Suguru: Hmph. I never thought I would see the day when you two agree.
Ikurou: Mmph!
Chika: Mnph!
Ikurou: Hmph.
Chika: Hmph!
Kazuko: Chikarin's so sexy.
Yamato: It's not like you have absolutely nothing going for you.
Kazuko: That's an odd way to put it!
Kazuko: Whatever! Right now, I need to train!
*She declared, then jumped into the pool.*
*All of her energies were focused on the fight.*
Miyako: Hey Yamato, what do you think Momo-senpai is thinking?
Yamato: My gut instinct is that she isn't thinking at all. So, what's up?
Miyako: You know she has the fight with Wanko.
Miyako: And Wanko has a zero percent chance to win.
Yamato: She said it wasn't about winning or losing.
Miyako: Yes, that it was about the results of her training. But even so... I've never seen her looking so serious.
Miyako: It's like, this all feels wrong.
Yamato: It comes down to instinct? Your instincts tend to be right, too.
Miyako: There's something I've thought about telling Wanko for a long time.
Miyako: I think Momo-senpai might actually say it.
Yamato: Huh? What's that?
Miyako: Mmm, it's a secret.
Yamato: Tell me, Miyako.
Miyako: ...I can't resist your sweet whispers in my ear.
Miyako: But this is serious. Don't get angry at me.
Miyako: *whispering*
Yamato: You're kidding!
Miyako: I hope I'm wrong too.
Yamato: But that's how it looks to you?
Miyako: She's impressive by any regular measure. However, given the scale of what she's aiming for...
Yamato: ...I hope you're wrong.
Miyako: Mn-hm. I don't have any solid proof either.
Yamato: I'm going to forget about it entirely.
*--After swimming class.*
Yamato: Let's get changed.
Ikurou: Huh? Suguru, what's wrong?
Suguru: ...I am an embarrassment to the cause. Banish me now!
Takuya: What? What's wrong?
Suguru: I saw Blondie strike her pose...
Ikurou: And permanently saved that image in my brain.
Suguru: I felt lust. Slight, faint, minuscule -- yet it was there.
Yamato: Uh, so did everyone else here. That's normal for a guy.
Mitsuru: Yeah, I thought it was hot too.
Yamato: Besides, the thought just crossed your mind. Don't worry about it.
Takuya: Yeah. To be honest, I thought the same thing.
Ikurou: You could even say anyone who doesn't react isn't a guy.
Suguru: Yeah... I never imagined her skin was actually unblemished. A dumb blonde she may be, but she is formidable.
Suguru: Yet I nevertheless cannot forgive myself for my failing!
Suguru: Even a micron-sized reaction is too much!
Suguru: So... I have made up my mind! I will commence Operation First Seelowe!
Suguru: By the summer's end, I will be a virgin no more!
Ikurou: How's that work? It doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense!
Suguru: I will experience the taste of woman, and despair at its mediocrity.
Ikurou: Oh, that makes sense.
Suguru: It is my very virginity that provides me even the faintest hope in womankind.
Suguru: But... I shall smash that hope into smithereens!
Yamato: Hold on. Your Operation First Seelowe has one flaw.
Suguru: Oh? Say it.
Yamato: You can't get rid of your virginity by yourself.
Ikurou: It's sad, but that's life.
Suguru: Heh. I will find work and accumulate money.
Suguru: Enough money to visit the red-light district!
Takuya: Huh? You're going to a brothel?!
Suguru: The slow path of building up a relationship is hopeless! Nor will I commit a crime!
Yamato: I see. Then the only way left for you to lose your virginity is prostitution.
Suguru: I must do this, lest this traumatize me for life, lest this doom me to forever live as a man turned on by real women!
Suguru: It would be a betrayal of my waifus, and never could I watch my Blu-rays!
Suguru: To move forward, to save my dream, I have no other choice.
*I can't say that I agreed, but there is no doubting how as serious he was.*
*Everything he did, he did for his dream.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Takuya: Checkout complete. I've reserved your cream caramel, Chris.
Chris: Oh, you secured it? Well done. Thank you.
Chris: It was always a tricky task for me, since it would sell out in a single minute.
Shouichi: Don't you just gotta stand in front of your computer till it's time?
Chris: I tried that, but the website was busy and I could not reserve the item.
Takuya: I'm only on Wi-Fi, but... I guess I got lucky. It's a relief to be done with it.
Gakuto: What're you callin' luck? You must've set up some secret plan.
Takuya: Oh, you want me to tell you about it? Once I start, I won't stop.
Gakuto: No! Please no!
Chris: You are a lifesaver. Thank you, Moro.
Shouichi: You sure like sweets, Chris. Though so do I.
Chris: Yes, I love sugar and spice and everything nice.
Chris: All girls do.
Shouichi: Boys get to like that stuff too.
Chris: Sweets also go wonderfully with inari sushi.
Yamato: Uh, no no no. That sounds disastrous.
Chris: Mm. Then Yamato, you will not be having any.
Yamato: Heck, Margit's always at your beck and call. She would've brought you a box-full, if you asked.
Chris: It would be wrong of me to let her spoil me.
Chris: I decided I would rather accomplish this on my own.
Chris: And see what I have done? You can mock me as spoiled no more.
Yamato: Didn't Moro wind up doing everything in the end?
Yukie: Now, now. Here, have some tea.
Matsukaze: Drink up 'fore it gets cold, 'n gimme your thoughts in 10 words or less.
Chris: Mmm... Your green tea is exquisitely tart.
Yukie: Thank you. I used my family's favorite tea leaves.
Chris: This would go wonderfully with inari sushi. (She sipped at the cup.)
Chris: Ah... Well, Mayucchi? How was your first semester?
Chris: Did you make any friends other than us?
Takuya: Oh, I'm curious about that too. How'd it go?
Yukie: Well, I've found one person in my class who's kind to me!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, play yo cards right, and yo gonna have yo first friend yo own age!
Yukie: That's right, Matsukaze.
Yukie: ...However, calling that person a friend still seems kind of...
Chris: Mm. If I may ask a basic question, are they a boy or a girl?
Yukie: Oh, she's a girl.
Matsukaze: So my girl here's got y'all a question.
Yukie: How close do I need to be with someone before I can call them a friend?
Yukie: There's no clear line. Like I knew I was my friend when I joined the Family, but with her, I don't...
Gakuto: Didn't we tell you? A friend's someone whose nose hairs you can--
Yukie: But she doesn't actually have any nose hairs.
Gakuto: ...Then I'm stumped.
Kazuko: If you think someone's your friend, then aren't they?
Yukie: I like her, but...
Momoyo: But there's still some distance between you?
Kazuko: Then you just have to spend more time with her.
Momoyo: Do you know her phone number?
Yukie: N-No, I...
Momoyo: Then you should ask her before summer break begins. Trying asking tomorrow.
Kazuko: Good idea. Ask if she wants to hang out this summer.: That's the perfect excuse to ask for her number!
Momoyo: Yeah, that's a completely natural way to do it.
Yukie: O-Oh, okay!
*Nee-san and Wanko were giving Mayucchi advice.*
*Though it was the day before their match, the two sisters were as close as ever.*
*Neither of them was buckling under the pressure.*
Yamato: --Whew.
*Everyone else was downstairs, enthralled over a board game.*
Yamato: I already won, so here I am enjoying the cool breeze.
Kazuko: Huh? Yamato? You won already?
Yamato: Oh, right. You weren't playing.
Kazuko: I wanted to get some mental practice in.
Yamato: Makes sense. You don't want to exhaust yourself on the day before the match.
Kazuko: If I wake up pooped tomorrow, then this is all for nothing.
Yamato: It's finally just one day away...
Kazuko: Yeah, finally.
Yamato: Give it your best out there. I mean it.
Kazuko: Mm-hm. Thanks, Yamato.
Kazuko: ...So at the battle, I'm allowed to have one second... Could you come?
Kazuko: You could cheer me on to the end, if you want.
Yamato: If *I* want? It sounds like that's what you want.
Kazuko: Ahahaha. Well, yeah. That obvious?
Kazuko: I wouldn't have passed the finals without you either.
Kazuko: So I want you to be around for this too.
Yamato: Sure. I want to see too.
Kazuko: Ahaha, yay! Then I'll see you tomorrow.
Kazuko: I just gotta do it!
*She punched her fist into the air.*
*Her willpower was at 100%. That was all I could ask for.*
*July 25th. Not a cloud in the sky.*
*Today was the day of the Kawakami sisters' match.*
*And it was the last day of the semester, so school went over quickly.*
*Reactions to report cards were mixed, but...*
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm feeling awesome! I'm ready to fight whenever!
*With the match in front of her, Wanko couldn't care less about her grades.*
Yamato: I'll be right there with Wanko, as her second.
Lu: All right. That is perfectly fine, so be sure to cheer her on.
Kazuko: Whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh! Assistant Master, is it time?
Lu: It's time. Look, Momoyo's just arrived.
Momoyo: ...Yo.
Yamato: ......
*The easygoing sister I knew was nowhere to be found.*
*The cheerfulness I'd seen the night before seemed like a lie.*
Lu: You seem to be ready too, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Yeah. Start the match.
*Her eyes were the eyes of a warrior with nothing on her mind except the defeat of her foe.*
*I'd seen her this way before, but... never when looking at one of her friends.*
Yamato: She looks deadly serious. Honestly, I'm scared... Are you okay, Wanko?
Kazuko: I-I'm not scared...
Kazuko: No... I am scared. I can't lie here.
Kazuko: But I won't let that stop me here!
Kazuko: If I can't even bring myself to fight her, then what?!
*Wanko said to herself, then shot a glare at her sister.*
Lu: ...Kazuko, good luck.
Tesshin: Warrior sisters are always destined to fight in the end.
Tesshin: Then let the match begin!
Tesshin: West corner, Kawakami Momoyo!
Momoyo: Ready.
Tesshin: East corner, Kawakami Kazuko!
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
*The two faced off. Both were unarmed.*
Momoyo: You can use your naginata.
Kazuko: There's time for that later. First, see what I can do empty-handed!
Momoyo: Well. It's your call.
*There was no smile to be seen from her.*
Yamato: Wanko, give it your best out there...
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair! Go!
Kazuko: Here I come!
Momoyo: Fight me!
Kazuko: Haaahhhhhh!
*The very ground trembled at her roar.*
*Her intensity was tangible, even to me on the sidelines.*
Yamato: (You're fired up, Wanko. Now go!)
Kazuko: Soryahhhhhh!
*Kazuko charged in, an attack as straightforward as her personality.*
*Then she punched with all her might.*
Kazuko: Seigh, seigh, seigh, seigh, seigh!
*Punch after punch, the fruits of her labor made real.*
*A barrage of fists no normal person could hope to follow, let alone match.*
Momoyo: ...Wrong.
*But Kawakami Momoyo, without taking a single step back, dodged every blow.*
Kazuko: Hiya!
*Kazuko kicked, her foot descending quick as lightning.*
Momoyo: Also wrong.
*Kawakami Momoyo slid to the side, then...*
Momoyo: Hah!
*Kicked like a missile at her sister.*
Kazuko: Gwah?!
*The kick knocked Kazuko off her feet and sent her tumbling along the ground.*
Kazuko: Gh... Ah! *cough* *cough*
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... I-I'm not done yet!
*Despite the damage she'd suffered, Kazuko stayed on the attack.*
*Now she started to mix in feints, and changed up the speed of her attacks.*
*Yet Momoyo easily swept the blows aside with the side of her hand.*
*Despite all the drills, all the practice, Momoyo could follow her every move.*
Momoyo: ...Your movements are wrong.
Kazuko: Waahhhh!
*Kazuko shouted as she closed the distance between them.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Scorpion Strike!
Momoyo: Wrong. Too slow.
*She dodged.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Snake Snipe!
Momoyo: Wrong. Not crisp enough.
*She dodged that one, too.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Sword of Earth!
Momoyo: Wrong again.
*She dodged every single one of her Ultimates.*
Momoyo: Hah!
Kazuko: Wah?!
*Momoyo kicked Kazuko up into the air.*
Momoyo: You can't hope to fight me unarmed.
Momoyo: Take up your naginata, Wanko. Show me what you can do with it.
Kazuko: Kh!
*Kazuko did as told, and took her stance.*
Kazuko: Seyaahhh!
*The weapon danced in her fingers.*
*As if the long weapon was an extension of her body.*
Momoyo: ......
*Yet Momoyo avoided every attack with ease.*
Kazuko: --!
*Kazuko's body was dripping with sweat.*
Kazuko: (I can't believe... she's so strong...)
*It had taken this battle for her to finally realize that.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff...
*This wasn't even a match.*
*She hadn't once genuinely threatened her sister.*
Kazuko: Then I'll use my greatest attack...
Kazuko: Kawakami Wheel of Time!
*She spun her naginata incredibly fast.*
*The force of her will covered the arena.*
Yamato: (Wow. I'm getting chills just watching her...)
*Even I winced before the sheer intensity of her determination.*
*With each spin of her naginata, her power grew.*
Kazuko: (That's 40 times now... MAX power!)
*This tremendous move grew stronger the more she spun her weapon.*
*From her experience, she had enough power built up to guarantee the kill.*
Kazuko: Haaahhhhhhhh!
*That decisive ultimate, one with enough strength to cut anything in twain--*
Momoyo: --Wrong.
*Momoyo dodged by a hair.*
*Which positioned her incredibly well to counterattack.*
Kazuko: You anticipated it?!
Momoyo: You fail!
Kazuko: Agh!
*The vicious kick bore into Kazuko's body.*
Kazuko: *cough*... Ah.
*And so Kazuko crumpled, hopeless, to the ground.*
Tesshin: --Stop!
Yamato: Wow... I can't believe Nee-san completely dominated her...
Tesshin: The winner is Momoyo!
Yamato: Did she... even put up a fight?
Kazuko: Gh... Ugh... *Hack!* *cough* *cough* *cough*
Yamato: Wanko, are you all right?
Lu: Medics, tend to her.
Kazuko: *cough* *wheeze*... I-I'm all right...
Kazuko: *cough*... But Onee-sama, let me try again.
Kazuko: I'll do... Better, next time.
Momoyo: You're too hurt to fight anymore today.
Kazuko: But I...
Momoyo: After fighting you, there's two things I have to say.
Kazuko: ......?
Momoyo: The first... is a compliment. You've gotten strong. I mean that.
Momoyo: You've come a long way since you started training ten years ago. You have a gift.
Kazuko: Th-That's a good thing... right?
Momoyo: Of course.
Momoyo: You're not weak. I'm just too strong right now.
Momoyo: So I'm proud of how you've grown. You worked hard for this.
*Nee-san kindly patted Wanko's head.*
Kazuko: ...Onee-sama...
*But then something felt wrong.*
*They were congratulating her, but Nee-san, Assistant Master Lu, the principal -- they all looked too grim.*
*Only Wanko looked happy.*
Kazuko: ...Onee-sama?
*Wanko must have noticed it too.*
Momoyo: And here's the second thing. Listen carefully.
Momoyo: Wanko... You're an amazing athlete.
Momoyo: But... Even so... The truth was clear to me, during the match.
Kazuko: Wh-What truth?
Momoyo: You don't have any talent for martial arts.
Kazuko: ...Huh?
Momoyo: Even if you keep pushing yourself along this path, you'll never be able to become a Kawakami Temple assistant master.
Kazuko: O-Onee-sama...?
Momoyo: That's... What I've concluded.
Kazuko: D-Don't say that! I know I was no match for you, but still!
Kazuko: I'm still training! I-It's too early to decide.
Momoyo: I may be strong, but if you had inborn talent, you should at least be able to force me to block.
Momoyo: But against you, I never need to.
Momoyo: You're... You're just not good enough, Wanko.
Kazuko: O-Onee-sama... Please, don't say that!
Tesshin: Wanko... I agree with her.
Kazuko: Huh...?
Tesshin: Do you remember back when you first said you wanted to devote yourself to martial arts?
Tesshin: Even then, I thought you had no talent as a martial artist. So I tried to stop you.
Tesshin: Yet through sheer force of will, even though it caused you to piss blood, you accomplished every task I set for you.
Tesshin: I realized you had a natural talent for hard work.
Tesshin: I chose to gamble on that determination of yours.
Tesshin: And in the end, you truly did well. You have a gift.
Tesshin: Everything you earned came from your sweat, but too little stemmed from talent.
Tesshin: This battle proved it.
Tesshin: Wanko... Becoming an assistant master at Kawakami Temple isn't the only path open to you.
Tesshin: Nor do you need to cease studying martial arts. But... Perhaps you should seek a different path?
Kazuko: But... What other path?
Yamato: Wait one second!
Yamato: I know I'm an outsider, but please let me say how I feel!
Yamato: This is all... It's all too one-sided!
Momoyo: Yamato... Do you think it doesn't hurt me to say this?
Momoyo: But we have to tell Wanko someday.
Momoyo: I don't want her to pursue a dream she can never achieve.
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: Let's find you another path. Your choices are infinite.
Kazuko: ...He's right! This is too one-sided!
Yamato: Wanko...
Kazuko: I can't just accept that I don't have any talent!
Momoyo: I know you can feel it in your bones.
Kazuko: I know I'm still a long ways off from you, Onee-sama...
Kazuko: But I don't want anyone telling me what talents I do and don't have!
Kazuko: And even if I don't, I can still make up for it with hard work!
Kazuko: Everyone always says you can do anything if you try!
Kazuko: That dreams do come true!
Kazuko: So please, give me time!
Momoyo: ...No amount of time will change things. That's the truth.
Kazuko: ......!!!
Momoyo: I've watched you long enough to know.
Kazuko: Kh... Ooh... Oooh!
Momoyo: Wanko... You have a gift, but even amazing talent isn't always enough to become an assistant master at the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: Maybe we have been harsh. Maybe it'd be better to say your talents aren't enough to reach your goal of assistant master.
Momoyo: But you're more than strong enough to reach any other goal.
Momoyo: While you have fun this summer, spend some time to find yourself.
Momoyo: Do you understand?
Kazuko: How can I?!
Kazuko: You don't get choose for me!
Kazuko: I... I've worked so hard!
Kazuko: And after all this, you say I can't succeed? No! You're lying!
Momoyo: Yeah, you've worked harder than anyone.
Momoyo: But... Your dream requires clearing such a high bar.
Momoyo: Hard work alone, it's... It's not enough. It won't get you over that.
Kazuko: I don't believe you!
Momoyo: Wanko...
Kazuko: I've trained for years and years! And now you want me to just give up?!
Kazuko: No! Never! Not after how hard I've pushed myself!
Kazuko: I don't want to end like this!
Momoyo: ...It hurts to face you right now, when you're looking at me like that.
Momoyo: But... Even so. You can't achieve your d--
Lu: Momoyo! Spare a thought for how Kazuko feels.
Lu: If she can't move on, she will never find another path.
Momoyo: Assistant Master?
Lu: Honestly, I'm still uncertain.
Lu: I think Kazuko can still improve herself through hard work.
Lu: But even so, I've seen too many people devote themselves to martial arts...
Lu: Only to despair when the path to becoming an assistant master is closed to them.
Kazuko: Even so!
Kazuko: That would be my choice! I wouldn't regret anything!
Lu: ...Yes, that's right. It's your path to choose.
Lu: After all that's been said, Momoyo, give her another chance.
Momoyo: ...All right.
Momoyo: You're right. She can't find another path until she accepts that she can't take this one.
Momoyo: Wanko, you'll have one last test to prove you have warrior talent.
Kazuko: Yes, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: You remember how we're hosting a tournament here at the end of August?
Kazuko: Yep! It's like a festival for everyone in the city.
Momoyo: That's right. It's an annual event at the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: I want you to enter the tournament and win.
Kazuko: I will!
Lu: It's an amateur tournament. You should be able to.
Tesshin: Any future Kawakami Temple assistant master should certainly be capable of that.
Tesshin: But Momoyo, that's not enough.
Kazuko: Grandpa...?
Tesshin: Wanko, I have to harden my heart right now.
Tesshin: For that is how difficult your dream is.
Kazuko: I know...
Momoyo: ...The winner gets the right to challenge me.
Momoyo: We'll fight again then. Try to land a blow on me.
Momoyo: If you can, you pass. If I have to block, you pass.
Momoyo: Strike me with the full force of your determination.
Momoyo: If you can't, then give up on ever becoming an assistant master.
Kazuko: ...All right! I'll do it!
Kazuko: I'll pass your test, just you wait!
Yamato: ...She didn't even hesitate. Wanko's so strong.
Lu: Optimistically speaking, she already has the drive to succeed.
Yamato: She does, yeah.
Yamato: She can do it. All she has to do is land one attack.
Kazuko: ...Umm...
Kazuko: Until then... Could I leave the Kawakami Temple?
Tesshin: Do you want to pressure yourself that much?
Kazuko: I was silly not to use my weapon from the start.
Kazuko: I need to make sure I'm taking this seriously!
Kazuko: I'll spend all summer training!
Momoyo: ...All right. If you're working that hard, then I can't wait.
Momoyo: I'll be looking forward to it.
Kazuko: Then goodbye for now!
Yamato: ......
Yamato: I want to cheer you on, Wanko!
Momoyo: Hm? Will you look after her?
Yamato: Yes, for the duration of summer.
Tesshin: Oh? And why's that?
Yamato: You told Wanko to abandon her dream, but she still hasn't given up.
Yamato: What could be cooler than that?!
Yamato: How thrilling would it be if she goes on to pass?
Yamato: That's the only reason I need! Goodbye!
Tesshin: Oh? When did she find such a valiant supporter?
Momoyo: I guess you're right. He is supporting her...
Tesshin: Mmm. I cannot wait for the end of August.
Tesshin: But Momo... I believe you are only going to grow stronger.
Momoyo: Yes, thank you very much.
Tesshin: So maybe it's time to take you down a peg.
Momoyo: Oh? I'd love to see you try.
Tesshin: Will you fight me? In a non-stop, full-power, and pure match?
Momoyo: ......!!!
Lu: Why would you ask her that now?
Tesshin: Hohoh. The martial artists is a sinful creature.
Tesshin: When I saw how serious you were, I couldn't bring myself to resist.
Momoyo: Hahah. Didn't you retire?
Tesshin: Unfortunately, it appears that I have not.
Momoyo: It's like someone lit a fire in you.
Tesshin: That someone was you.
Momoyo: Heh heh heh.
Tesshin: Heh heh heh.
Lu: Stop this! You cannot decide to fight at the drop of a hat!
Momoyo: You, going at me for real? This is gonna be fun.
Tesshin: Hoh hoh hoh.
Tesshin: Don't get cocky, little girl.
Lu: Listen to me! I won't allow this!
Tesshin: Be quiet, Assistant Master...
Tesshin: (You know I intend to fight her.)
Lu: (Yes, but not now.)
Lu: Please calm down. Consider your age!
Tesshin: Oh, relax. I'll keep it to ten seconds.
Momoyo: A ten-second match? Fun, I'm game.
Lu: Listen to me! Burst Hurricane!
Momoyo: Mm? Where'd that come from?
Lu: Forgive me! Storium Ray!
Tesshin: Nwah?!
Lu: Huff, huff... Have you two regained your composure yet?
Lu: Consider your standing as grand master of the Kawakami Temple!
Tesshin: ...Mm, I suppose so...
Tesshin: I may have let my emotions overcome me. But it's been thirty years since I've been this excited.
Tesshin: Apologies, Assistant Master.
Lu: I'm simply glad you understand.
Momoyo: ...But we still agreed to a fight.
Momoyo: So let's have that fight sometime soon.
Lu: Momoyo! Suppress your urge to fight!
Momoyo: ...Yeah, yeah.
Lu: What a family... And right after Kazuko's trial, too.
Lu: Kazuko needs to land a blow on Momoyo.
Lu: ...If there's any hope to be have, it's...
Lu: I shouldn't, as a neutral party, but I could give Kazuko some advice.
*.........*
*--Kawakami Kazuko's room.*
Kazuko: Hmm. I'll take this, that I don't need...
*Kazuko only planned to take with her what she absolutely needed.*
*Only what she needed to leave home to train.*
Kazuko: I only need the bare minimum, so how about this?!
*At the end, she looked at the pictures in her desk.*
*Several were of Momoyo looking gallant.*
Kazuko: Someday, I'm going to shine as bright as her.
*She couldn't even imagine losing that dream.*
Kazuko: That's my goal, my dream!
*A dream she would see through.*
*Kazuko said goodbye to the photos and left her room.*
*Their duel would be at the end of August, at the Kawakami Tournament.*
Yamato: ...So starting today, Kazuko is going to live here at the Shimazu Dorm.
Kazuko: Hi. I'll be staying here for a month!
Chris: I see. The match ended in ignoble defeat, so you are now training to get your revenge at the tournament?
Shouichi: Wow, and that mean's you're actually gonna live here?
Yukie: Choosing to leave home to become stronger takes a lot of determination.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi left her own home on an adventure t'find some friends.
Yukie: I'm on a voyage searching for the greatest treasure of all -- friendship.
Shouichi: Watch out for storms. Can't have an adventure without one.
Yukie: Awawa, I didn't expect to have to deal with threats or anything...
*Wanko didn't want to burden anyone.*
*So we'd decided not to tell anyone that this match would decide whether or not her dream was over. It would be a secret until after.*
*I'd have to tell Nee-san that later.*
Miyako: ...But Wanko, wouldn't the most certain way to grow stronger be to undergo a Kawakami Temple training regimen?
Kazuko: Yep. Assistant Master Lu said he'd make time for me.
Miyako: I see. He really does like you, doesn't he?
Shouichi: Well, it's not like you and Momo-senpai got in a fight or nothing.
Kazuko: Of course not. So I'll be coming to the Friday Meetings.
Kazuko: Though I'll be doing some training at the same time.
Miyako: So, will you be hanging out with any other classmates?
Kazuko: Nope! This summer's a summer of training!
Mrs. Shimazu: That's a poor way for a young lady to use her time. And you're so cute too.
Mrs. Shimazu: What's wrong with having a little fun as you train? The boys were falling over each other trying to get me, back when I was your age.
Yamato: (Probably because she tripped them... Brrr.)
Kazuko: It's fine. This is what really matters to me!
Mrs. Shimazu: So direct... I like your eyes. You're nothing like my stupid excuse for a son.
Mrs. Shimazu: You're welcome to live in the dorm. You girls can work out which room you'll stay in.
Shouichi: Hey, that's right. You gotta settle on a room.
Chris: Mar-san occasionally stays in my room, so that would cause difficulties.
Kazuko: If I stayed in your room, I'd just want to fight you anyways.
Kazuko: Mmm... Can I ask you, Miyako?
Miyako: That's fine, though there's not much to offer.
Yukie: You're also welcome to use mine I guess, if you want?
Kazuko: 'Kay, thanks!
Miyako: Do you have enough money?
Kazuko: I have some saved up from my job. Yamato will lend me the rest.
Shouichi: Huh? You're borrowing from Yamato? You don't wanna see what he's like if you're late on payments.
Yamato: Hey, hey, hey. I'm nothing but smiles if you pay me on time.
Kazuko: Throughout summer, I can do jobs during my early morning runs.
Kazuko: I'll be handing my paychecks straight to Yamato.
Shouichi: Wow, she's got a lot of faith in you.
Yamato: I know Wanko's good for it, so I feel safe lending her the money.
Yamato: We did draw up a contract. I don't want her thinking that borrowing money isn't a serious thing.
Mrs. Shimazu: If you'll pay for board, I'll make food for Wanko-chan too.
Kazuko: Please!
Tadakatsu: When we're cookin' for ourselves, I'll cook you up a batch of whatever I'm makin'. You don't gotta pay me nothin'.
Shouichi: Seriously? Thanks!
Tadakatsu: Ain't talkin' 'bout you! Or Naoe neither!
Yamato: I don't know why you had to bring me into it.
Kazuko: Thanks, Ta-chan.
Tadakatsu: Ain't nothin' to worry about. We're both from the same place.
Chris: I would be happy to be your training partner whenever you would like.
Yukie: Same. Though I mean, I don't know if I'd be that useful...
Kazuko: 'Kay! Thanks! I'm glad to have you!
Yamato: And I hope you'll be there to cheer her on during the fight.
Yamato: We'll all watch while enjoying Mayucchi's delicious lunches.
Shouichi: Whoa, that's gonna be sweet! Hope it's sunny!
Matsukaze: They callin' yo name, Mayucchi! You gonna be Number 1!
Yukie: Thank you! I'll do my best!
Miyako: ...Heheh.
Lu: Oh, Kazuko. Have you found a place to live?
Kazuko: Assistant Master! Yes, everyone was amazingly kind to me.
Lu: Good, good. Then let's start your training.
Kazuko:  'Kay!
Shouichi: Wow, wow, wow, there she goes. She's like a ball of fire.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko, good luck.
Chris: Hmm... I did not know there would be a tournament.
*.........*
Yamato: What's wrong, Miyako? You looked like you had something on your mind.
Miyako: Mm-hm. You love Wanko, don't you?
Miyako: You moved to stop Mayucchi and Chris from entering the tournament.
Yamato: ...So you did notice.
Miyako: Now everyone has to support her.
Yamato: Chris didn't seem fully convinced. I'll have to give her an extra push later.
Miyako: All to give Wanko even a slightly higher chance of advancing?
Miyako: ...Aren't you being a bit overprotective?
Yamato: ......
Miyako: They say that fighting a strong opponent is a warrior's joy. You're doing her a disservice.
Yamato: I'm not saying you're wrong, but you'd better not use that as an excuse to sign up.
Miyako: You're so blunt today.
Yamato: Sure am.
Miyako: Mmm, I don't think I like this. I feel kind of jealous.
Miyako: ...But... Maybe you can convince me to give in.
Yamato: C-Convince you how?
Miyako: You're a man. You should know. *lick*
Miyako: Now, set the mood and take off your clothes nice and slowly!
Yamato: Wait, wait, wait! All right, I'll tell you what's going on.
Miyako: I knew there was something else. Come, whisper the words in my ear.
Yamato: This is entirely off the record. The truth is... (I explained everything.)
Yamato: ...So I can't let Wanko lose her dream.
Yamato: I want her to achieve victory, whatever it takes.
Miyako: So Momo-senpai said those things to her face.
Miyako: I said this would happen. I wish I had been wrong.
Yamato: ...Yeah.
*Things had turned out exactly as Miyako had feared.*
Yamato: Does Wanko really not have any talent for fighting?
Miyako: I wouldn't say that, but the higher someone aims, the more demanding the challenges become.
Miyako: Compared to the average person, she's very good.
Miyako: But becoming an assistant master of the Kawakami Temple is like winning a gold medal.
Yamato: Ah... That's pretty tough.
*Wanko never once backed down from her dream, despite the barriers blocking her way.*
*This time, she had to clear those barriers.*
*It was do or die time.*
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: Mmm, this place feels empty without Kazuko.
Tesshin: Momo, don't set up shop in front of the fan. You're blocking the wind.
Momoyo: Ahhhh... It's so cool...
Momoyo: Sheesh, you're so overprotective. It's been two days.
Announcer: Hello, everyone. It's time for the 12 o'clock news.
Momoyo: Hello there yourself.
Announcer: Early this morning, Tamuki-chan, the runaway girl who was reported missing, was found floating down the river...
Momoyo: ...Maybe I'll ask Yamato how she's doing.
Tesshin: You're just as overprotective as I am.
*--Strategy meeting.*
*I'd been asked to attend, though I wasn't entirely sure why.*
Lu: Kazuko, do you remember what you need to achieve for Momoyo to pass you?
Kazuko: I have to hit her!
Lu: Correct. Technically speaking, forcing her to block also counts.
Kazuko: Yep!
Lu: How are you going to make that happen?
Kazuko: I'll make the battle quick, and start out with my strongest attack!
Lu: Exactly. You must open with your finishing move.
Lu: Especially since even scratching her would suffice.
Kazuko: So I need to find a new finishing move, right?
Lu: Yes. I would like to teach you this.
*The assistant master unsealed a scroll.*
Lu: The Kawakami Naginata Ultimate: Agito. It's a powerful one.
Kazuko: Agito... Doesn't that mean 'jaw'?
Lu: It is an attack meant to resemble the jaws of a savage tiger...
Lu: Chomping down on her foe.
*He picked up the naginata.*
Lu: At its core, it is a quick rising swing followed by an immediate downswing.
Kazuko: Wow. So it comes down to mastering the basics?
Lu: Yes. Truly powerful moves are always simple.
Lu: Your opponent will think they have been simultaneously attacked by two naginata, one from above and one from below.
*He demonstrated the technique.*
*His hands moved too fast for me to really tell, but it seemed like it could do a lot of damage.*
Kazuko: Whoa... That's beautiful...
Lu: Best of all, Momoyo won't know you know this technique. That gives you an advantage.
Yamato: So if she learns it...
Kazuko: *gulp*
Lu: You could force her to guard, or maybe even graze her.
Lu: Either way, I am certain this will get you past her test!
Yamato: Wow, that's really reassuring.
Kazuko: It's an ultimate, after all!
Lu: Now, go master this high-speed attack!
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
Lu: We'll spend the weeks from August 10th through the match training in the mountains.
Yamato: You're what?
Kazuko: Yes, sir! That's the only way I can win!
Lu: Put on these training restraints and practice your swings!
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
Yamato: Aren't those bad for you?
Lu: We must be somewhat reckless, here.
Lu: I myself have, since childhood, jumped onto moving buses and smashed down through buildings after leaping from a top floor.
Kazuko: First, I have to get the strength to use the technique.
Lu: Exactly! And with how hard you focus on the fundamentals, I am certain you can succeed.
Yamato: That's pretty tenacious... Hm? Someone texted me?
*It was from Nee-san.*
Yamato: She wants me to come to Nakamise Way? Well, it's probably about Wanko.
*Nee-san and I had bought some shaved ice.*
Momoyo: So Wanko's adjusted to living at the dorm?
Yamato: Yeah. No need to worry.
Yamato: She's training even as we speak.
Momoyo: Okay then. I just can't help but worry about her.
Momoyo: I'm so worried, I might cry. *sniff*
Yamato: Stop exaggerating... I've never seen you cry.
Momoyo: Yeah. Except for when I was a baby, I can't remember ever crying.
Yamato: Wanko's going to be spending some of the time training in the mountains.
Momoyo: Well, I'll be. She's pulling out all the stops. Nice.
Yamato: And you're going to go all-out against her, of course?
Momoyo: You think I'd hold back? That's so sweet -- even sweeter than this peach-flavored shaved ice.
Yamato: You're worried about Wanko, but you still won't go easy on her...
Yamato: That's harsh, Nee-san.
Momoyo: I'd love to spoil her rotten...
Momoyo: But the position of assistant master is exactly that... a position.
Momoyo: There's no room for family when being professional.
Yamato: That's more than fair.
Momoyo: Hurry up over there, or all you'll have left is melon juice.
Yamato: Whoops, right.
Momoyo: ...Wanko's gotten a lot closer to you lately.
Momoyo: So... As her big sister, I'm asking you to look after her.
Yamato: Yeah. I'll be sure to do so up through the match.
Momoyo: Well, it's not like I won't see her at Friday Meetings.
Yamato: All of this, to achieve her dream...
Yamato: I wonder if everyone else is working just as hard.
Suguru: I see all have assembled.
Ikurou: Why'd you drag us all out here?
Gakuto: I'm busy over the summer. Keep it short.
Takuya: So, what is it, Suguru?
Suguru: Behold this envelope.
Ikurou: Huh?: You've got 100,000 yen in there.
Suguru: This is but a fragment of my ComiFes war chest.
Takuya: You've got more? How much do you plan on spending there?
Suguru: This money will finance my trip to the brothel.
Gakuto: Whoa! You're really doin' it?
Takuya: You'd spend part of your ComiFes fund on a prostitute?
Suguru: Foolish, I know. The most foolish thing I have ever done. Yet so be it.
Suguru: This pain will give me the strength to bid reality farewell.
Suguru: And, once that divorce is complete, imagine how much more passionately I can shop at ComiFes.
Takuya: Huh? You need 100,000 yen to go to a brothel?
Ikurou: Depends on the place. Suguru, aren't you going to a soapland?
Suguru: If I am to lose my virginity, any other destination would be a farce.
Gakuto: Even then, you're payin' too much. Duh.
Gakuto: Ah! I get it. You're too scared to go alone, so you're lookin' for a friend.
Ikurou: Me, me, me! I'll go!
Gakuto: Shut it! He could never choose anyone but me!
Suguru: Calm down. These funds are strictly for me.
Suguru: For if I am to do this, where better to go than a high-class establishment, where the risk of disease is negligible.
Takuya: Yeah, if you got an STD you'd really have something to cry about.
Gakuto: Hmm. Wait, you're not goin' to wear a condom?
Suguru: My investigation revealed that all Kawakami soaplands require condoms.
Ikurou: You're really taking this seriously.
Suguru: So I may lose my virginity as soon as tomorrow.
Suguru: And I wanted you to know it.
Gakuto: You called us all here just for that?!
Ikurou: Man. If you asked us to come with, that'd be one, thing, but...
Gakuto: A high-class establishment, you say? And the women are high-level to match?
Ikurou: I am told the odds of stepping on a landmine are miniscule.
Gakuto: It'd be funny if you wound up a slave to the flesh.
Ikurou: Hahaha. The girls are technicians.
Suguru: Heh. Such a plot twist like that is unfathomable.
Suguru: Then I am off to get off.
Ikurou: ...Hey, what sort of guy gives up his virginity to a whore?
Takuya: Ahaha, don't ask me.
Gakuto: I'd say it counts. The sooner that bad status is cured, the better.
Ikurou: I'd be down for it too, if it were with a hot lady.
Takuya: Though the problem is that we don't have the money.
Ikurou: Argh, screw this! I'm going back to the beach to get some hot pics of babes in swimsuits!
*............*
Suguru: Now then, it is time to make my reservation with the soapland.
Suguru: Online information says the total price for this one is 50,000 yen... They will suffice.
Suguru: Tch. Curse the nervousness that reality brings with it. I must lack training.
**Ring!* *Ring!**
Boy: Thank you for calling Soap Kawakami. How may I help you?
Suguru: Oh, I'd like to make a reservation.
Boy: A reservation, sir? Would that be for today?
Suguru: For tomorrow. Umm, for this 'Ayu' girl.
Boy: For Ayu-san? One moment please...
Boy: Yes, I see she has an opening at 11.
Suguru: Alright, sounds good.
Boy: Could I have your name?
Suguru: Fukumoto. Fukumoto Ikurou.
Boy: I've completed your reservation, Fukumoto-sama.
Suguru: ...Heh. What sort of fool wouldn't use a fake name?
Suguru: One day awaits... until the beginning of the fall.
Suguru: Come, whore! Make my despair of reality complete!
Suguru: Okay... I've taken a shower.
Suguru: I should at least follow basic decorum.
Suguru: ...Should I trim my nails, too?
Suguru: Mngh! My stomach's started hurting!
Suguru: ...Shoot, I'm 10 minutes late.
Suguru: Hello. I'm Fukumoto, here with a reservation.
Boy: Sir, please be sure to call us if you are going to be late.
Boy: If you had, we would have been happy to wait ten minutes.
Suguru: Mm? Then you're saying I'm too late?
Boy: Yes, we've already canceled your reservation.
Suguru: ...I see.
Boy: Thank you for visiting.
Suguru: ...Then here I will go, for 80,000 yen.
Boy 2: Thank you for calling Hisui.
Suguru: Do you have any openings right now?
Boy 2: Yes, we have many early in the day. I would be happy to assist you on your way.
Suguru: Then please... Huh? Oh, I'm near the station.
Suguru: You're sending a car? Well, thank you.
Suguru: They're driving me there? I suppose that is what the more expensive fee buys.
Suguru: Yet the moment is finally nigh...
Suguru: Farewell, virginity.
*...............*
Soap Princess: Wow, you're young. Maybe even younger than me.
Suguru: Would I be correct to assume most of your clients are older?
Soap Princess: Yeah... Though there's been a lot of IT people lately.
Soap Princess: But like, on Wednesdays, it's one doctor after another.
Suguru: Hmm, I see.
Suguru: (Mn? She's taking off my clothes already?)
Suguru: (Is that, too, on account of this establishment's price?)
Soap Princess: Then I'll fold your clothes up over here.
Suguru: All right.
Suguru: (She speaks frankly, but... That is not unpleasant.)
Suguru: (Rather, she seems more intelligent than most. Yes, in this they are high-class.)
Soap Princess: Take mine off too
Suguru: Mngh...?
Soap Princess: Here, all you have to do is pull this ribbon.
Suguru: Oh... Like this?
Soap Princess: Oh, you're very intelligent
Suguru: (I see, so she has begun to lick me already.)
Suguru: (This is the feel of another's tongue...?)
Suguru: (It does feel good, but... Hm?)
Suguru: (It's not enlarging?)
Suguru: (Well, even if it did, it would soon grow limp.)
Soap Princess: Want to get in the bath?
Suguru: Uh, sure.
Soap Princess: Here, take this.
Suguru: (What purpose does this paper cup serve? Is it jasmine tea?)
Suguru: ......*Cough!* *Hack!* *wheeze*
Soap Princess: Huh? No, that's mouthwash! You're not supposed to drink it!
Suguru: Say that sooner! *cough*
Soap Princess: I'm sorry. But let me make it up to you... Mn.
Suguru: (Mn. Then my first kiss is to be with a prostitute?)
Suguru: (Well, what could better suit one who despairs of reality such as me?)
*............*
Soap Princess: ...How to put this...
Soap Princess: ...Yours doesn't last very long?
Soap Princess: What should I do?
Suguru: Ugh!
*...............*
Suguru: ...In the end...
Suguru: I failed. I could not penetrate her.
Suguru: Even when she guided me in, I did not last long.
Suguru: But what could be the cause? (He searched on his phone.)
Suguru: ...Delayed ejaculation?
Suguru: Those who masturbate against the ground are at risk? That applies directly to me.
Suguru: ...Good heavens. Though I despaired at this reality, where my dick will not react properly to stimuli...
Suguru: I never thought I would lose my confidence as a man as well.
Suguru: Though I did this for my dream, that lessens not the pain...
Suguru: Alas. Masturbation will sustain me henceforth.
Suguru: A pox upon delayed ejaculation!
Yamato: Oh, funny to see you here.
Yamato: Wait, weren't you...
Suguru: (Grumble, grumble...)
Yamato: Huh? Is anyone home?
*What was wrong with him? I decided to...*
Leave him alone
Force my way through to him
Laugh 'Ni-haha' at him
*Better to leave him alone. He seemed kind of dangerous anyways.*
Yamato: Hey, hey, don't ignore me.
Suguru: (Grrrrr...)
Yamato: (He seriously seems like trouble!)
*Better to follow my instincts and stop messing with him.*
Yamato: Ni-haha.
Suguru: The laugh of the girl who changed my life?!
Suguru: ...No, that could never be. Ugh...
Yamato: ...He must be going through a rough time too.
*Today was another scorcher.*
Chris: *yawn* ...Good morning, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Good morning, Chris-san.
Yamato: Huh? Chris-san, are you actually slacking off?
Chris: I-In my defense, I only just awoke!
Chris: Is this not rather early for you?
Yamato: I have to get up this early to support Wanko.
Chris: ...She is practicing her swings in the yard again today?
Yukie: It's impressive how she can keep training day after day in that heat.
Chris: She is a master of hard work indeed.
Yukie: I hope she doesn't get heatstroke.
Yamato: Don't worry. I'm keeping an eye on her.
Yukie: I'll pay attention as well.
Matsukaze: She sweatin' like crazy out there but still keeps swingin', like a drab little Cinderella.
Yukie: Matsukaze, that joke doesn't work unless you say it at the stroke of midnight.
Chris: ...Why must those cicadas endlessly buzz?
Yamato: What happened to the old Chris, who thought they had a certain charm?
Chris: I prefer the calming cries of the evening higurashi.
Matsukaze: Which ones're the cicadas that cry out for everyone to die?
Yukie: You don't hear those very often.
Yamato: They're bear cicadas... Mayucchi, could I have some iced tea?
Yukie: Here you are. And here's some for Kazuko-san.
Chris: Hmm. A bear cicada must be quite large.
*I opened the window and scream.*
Yamato: Puru puru puru puru!
Chris: What in the world was that?
Yamato: In Japanese culture, that's what you do when the cicadas cry.
Chris: Oh, you converse with the cicadas. That is certainly in the samurai spirit.
Yamato: Try it out next time you're on the road.
Chris: I will. Thank you, Yamato.
*My teasing of Chris complete, I headed for the courtyard.*
Kazuko: Five hundred twenty-two! Five hundred twenty-three!
Yamato: Wow... You're still swinging.
Shouichi: Hey Wanko, the sun's out.
Kazuko: Five hundred twenty-four! Five hundred twenty-five!
Shouichi: Go get in the shade!
Kazuko: Five hundred twenty-six! Five hundred twenty-seven!
Yamato: She's deaf to everything around her, of course. Damn, that's some determination.
Shouichi: Sure that shows mad passion, but is she gonna keep going with it till the end of August?
Kazuko: Huff, huff. Five hundred thirty-one!
Shouichi: She's throwing away her whole summer break.
Shouichi: Just swinging that naginata about... Mmm, it seems like a big old waste.
Yamato: That's her choice to make, not ours.
Shouichi: Fine! Them I'm gonna make sure she at least has a blast at mealtime!
Shouichi: First, I'm gonna need some bamboo! Time to get ready!
*Capt ran off like the wind.*
Yamato: ......
*I read some books while I watched over Wanko.*
Kazuko: Seven... Hundred!
Kazuko: Aaah... I-I did it...
*Wanko collapsed on the spot.*
Yamato: Oh, hey, at least get yourself some shade.
*I dragged her over into the shadow of the tree.*
*Then I rested her arms in a bowl of ice water.*
Kazuko: Wah... Brrr... That feels nice...
Yamato: Here, this is for drinking.
Kazuko: *gulp*... *gulp*... *gulp*...
Yamato: Ah. No worries about spilling it, eh?
Yamato: I need to wipe off your sweat.
Kazuko: 'Kay...
*I wiped her sweat off.*
Yamato: You're sweating buckets...
*And she'd popped blisters on her hands. They were bleeding.*
Yamato: Ayah, that looks painful... You're practically falling to pieces. There, there.
*I gently disinfected it.*
Kazuko: Ten minutes' rest... Then another 500...
Yamato: If 500's the goal, then stop doing 600 or more.
Kazuko: I have to... I have to push past my limits.
*Years ago, she'd watched another girl not much older than herself...*
*Annihilate her foes with overwhelming martial arts.*
*She had been like a goddess, in both beauty and form.*
*Her name was Kawakami Momoyo.*
*And if she was to glow as brightly as her sister had--*
Kazuko: I have to practice!
Yamato: Don't your hands hurt?
Kazuko: Like crazy!
Kazuko: But even so... I won't run away!
Kazuko: I've made up my mind! I won't come up with excuses and run away!
Yamato: Ahh, it hurts to hear that soo much.
Kazuko: But Yamato, thanks for staying with me. Really.
Yamato: I'm not the only one. Gen-san's doing a lot for you too, right?
Kazuko: Yeah... But you're the only one who's with me so much.
Yamato: The whole world's told you to move, and you've planted yourself like a tree and said 'No. You move.' I have to see that through.
Kazuko: So, what're you reading?
Yamato: A law book. Don't worry about it.
*When Wanko was working so hard, I had to make a certain level of effort too.*
*I had used to read tons of law books, but over time, books on gambling and tricks had started to seem more practical, and I'd focused on those...*
*What a fool I'd been.*
Shakadou: Whoa, you're still stickin' with it, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Assistant Master Shakadou?
Shakadou: I ain't no assistant master no more, not since they banished me.
*An older man in shabby clothes suddenly showed up on the dorm's lot.*
Shakadou: Now I'm just another old man stumblin' his way 'round town.
Shakadou: Though I do play the part whenever I see some punk's got talent.
Yamato: If you've been banished, what brings you here?
Shakadou: Me? I heard from Yi what's goin' on with ya, Kazuko.
Shakadou: They finally told you y'got no talent'n tried t'read you ya last rites.
Kazuko: --!
Shakadou: That bastard Lu's prayin' y'got chops'n is gonna go through Hell t'see y'get strong.
Kazuko: Assistant Master Lu said that?
Shakadou: But me, I think he's doomed. Go find yourself some new life.
Shakadou: Change that dream now and y'got infinite choices. A cutie like you could be'n idol. World's yours fo'tha takin'! But don' try'n be a lawyer, hahaha.
Yamato: Um, could I please ask you not to trespass on our property?
Shakadou: Whoa, hey, no need to be rude or nothin'. I'm tryin' t'warn Kazuko outta the goodness of my heart.
Kazuko: I've been given my trial!
Kazuko: And I won't accept I've failed, not unless my best can't get me past that trial!
Kazuko: That's the only thing I want to think about right now.
Shakadou: ...That so? Well, g'luck t'you.
Shakadou: Momoyo's like me. Battles're where we feel alive.
Shakadou: Y'don't need me tellin' y'this, but gamble everything'n that first move'a yours.
Shakadou: If you doin' this, y'make that Agito perfect.
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
Chris: What is the ruckus?
Yukie: Do we have a guest?
Shakadou: Whoa-wee, it's one hot chick after another. What's a guy t'do?
Shakadou: Kinda wanna pit my students against y'all, I think.
Kazuko: ...Shakadou-san, are you going to stay in Kawakami?
Shakadou: I'm mostly in Takatsu, so we ain't likely t'have any more run-ins.
Kazuko: What about Onee-sama?
Shakadou: Fuckin' Yi won't let me near her. Thinks I'd be a very bad influence.
Kazuko: ...I see.
Shakadou: Well, forget her. We're talkin' 'bout you right now, Kazuko.
Shakadou: Just like how most folks don't spend their whole life with their first love, don' go bindin' yourself to y'first dream. Let yourself change.
Shakadou: ...Well, y'just take care of yourself, y'hear? Can't do nothin' without your health.
Kazuko: You too, Shakadou-san.
*With that, the man stumbled off.*
Yukie: ...He's a master.
Chris: Yes. He felt as strong as Mr. Lu.
Chris: Yet there was something... Ominous, about his aura. Something dark.
Kazuko: So many of Onee-sama's moves... they are techniques Shakadou-san taught her.
Kazuko: I've mostly learned from Assistant Master Lu.
Yamato: So a different assistant master took a liking to each of you?
*Kawakami Temple was certainly big enough to have factions and internal politics.*
Kazuko: Whoops! Practice, practice...
Chris: At least train in the shade.
Kazuko: I will, 'kay?! One! Two!
Kazuko: Three! Four! Five!
Chris: ...Hmm. Watching her makes me want to go.
Yamato: If your second-floor bathroom's too far, you can use mine.
Chris: I am not saying I need to go to the bathroom!
Chris: I meant that I want to go get my sword and join her!
Yamato: Wow, she's influencing the people around her.
Yukie: I feel like I'm wilting in this heat.
Matsukaze: But way things are goin', Mayucchi, you oughta join 'em.
Yamato: You don't need to push yourself. I'm reading over here. You're welcome to join me.
Yukie: All right, I'll take you up on that offer.
Yukie: ...Um, do you have something I could read?
Yamato: Oh... How about a manga? Give me one second.
*But what to give her?*
Gaku and Our Mountain
Storm Legend: Attack of Taku
28th Century Boys
Haunter x Haunter
The Lonely Gourmet
Yukie: Oh, I've never heard of this one. I'll give it a try.
Yamato: It's about saving people. It's a great read.
*.........*
Yukie: ...This is good.
Yukie: It's moved me to tears a few times.
Yamato: They can't always save everyone. Sometimes people die, but that's how harsh the mountaineering life is.
Matsukaze: Maybe we oughta buy our own copies.
Yukie: Oh, wasn't this on Magajiso?
Matsukaze: I say there ain't no one stronger than Takemaru-san.
Yukie: ...This is definitely a... unique choice.
Yamato: I'm surprised you accepted my recommendation.
Yukie: Didn't they make this one into a movie?!
*.........*
Matsukaze: Ahh, the author's still draggin' it out?!
Yukie: I don't know when to stop reading.
Yamato: Well, I do own every volume, so take your time.
Yukie: Oh, I was interested in this one.
Yukie: Which is to say, I've read some of my sister's copies. Umm...
*.........*
Yukie: It's as good as I remembered.
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi totally coulda gone toe-to-toe with that Menthuthu fella.
Yukie: I haven't heard of this one.
Matsukaze: Let's check it out. Hmm...
*.........*
Yukie: Th-That was certainly unique.
Yukie: And I can understand the shock of realizing your meal of bacon, ham, and pork chops all come from the same magical animal.
Matsukaze: The old man grew on me.
*.........*
Yamato: Welp, it's lunchtime.
Yukie: It's time to take a break, you two!
Chris: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... I don't have time to spend just eating.
Kazuko: But I won't have any strength if I don't eat, so... I'll eat!
Yamato: I'm impressed you can eat after moving so much.
Chris: Yes. I will only take a little.
Kazuko: When I first started training, I needed to have a bucket right next to me...
Kazuko: But it's nothing now! It's amazing what you can get used to.
Shouichi: Okay, since you're working so hard, here! I made you a flowing bamboo noodles combo lunch.
Kazuko: I didn't know we had the ingredients to make that! Wow!
Shouichi: I ran off to pick some bamboo, just for you.
Yamato: And Mayucchi cut up the bamboo nice and evenly, so the noodles came out looking wonderful.
Yukie: Oh, no no no. I'm sorry I couldn't do any more to help.
Shouichi: Welp! Cookie, pour us some noodles!
Cookie: You want me to do it? You work me to the bone.
Shouichi: I wanna eat some of those flowing noodles too!
Cookie: Fine, I get it... Just let me transform first.
Cookie 2: Never did I think you would make me transform just to pour noodles.
Shouichi: Get us started! It's Super Flowing Bamboo Noodles Time!
Cookie 2: Please make sure not to forget that I am a super fighting robot.
Cookie 2: Now, let's go! Seh! Hah! Hoh!
Chris: This is exciting.
Shouichi: Aww yeah! First bowl's mine!
Yukie: I love noodles too, so I'll be happy to have some!
Chris: Mm? Nothing is coming.
Cookie 2: Hwatah! Soiyah! Soi! Duuun!
Shouichi: Seyah! Tryah! Hmph! Got it!
Yukie: Mmm, this is so good!
Chris: What is going on? Where are my noodles?!
Yamato: Stop making a mountain out of a molehill. *munch*
Cookie 2: You must utterly lack for aggression, to wait until the end to eat.
Cookie 2: Yamato getting in line at the middle was rather clever.
Chris: Mngh. Why must you always be sly, Naoe Yamato?!
Yamato: Come on, it just turned out that way.
Yukie: H-Here, Chris-san. I won't take any this time, so you should get some!
Chris: Ah! Here we are!
Yamato: I think I'll have some more.
Chris: Wah?! Ahh!
Chris: Yamato, you little...
Cookie 2: Do not fight. How about this?
Cookie 2: I'll put rainbow coloring on some of the noodles. Those will be reserved for Chris.
Chris: I do not want colorful noodles!
Cookie 2: That's a shame. The coloring is beautiful, even if it's made in China.
Yamato: You're definitely a super fighting robot all right...
Cookie 2: Well, alas. More is coming, Homo Sapiens. Eat up.
*A flood of noodles came down the track.*
Chris: I will kick you if I wind up with none! And I mean you, Yamato!
Yamato: I won't. But I can't believe you're getting so worked up over a few noodles.
Chris: Mngh...! W-Well, fine. I have noodles to eat.
Yamato: (Wanko, take all the noodles.)
Kazuko: (Haha, that sounds fun.)
Kazuko: Time to--huh?
*Wanko went to scoop them up with her chopsticks, but failed.*
*Her hand was shaking.*
Chris: Oh, here they come. Hmm...
Chris: *om nom nom* Mnn, these are delicious!
Kazuko: Ahaha, I screwed up...
Kazuko: One more try!
*She reached for another stream of noodles.*
*...And this time, dropped her chopsticks.*
Yamato: Wanko, you are...
Chris: Huh, now chopsticks have flown down to me?
Yamato: It's customary to lick those.
Chris: Hey, I can tell a lie when I hear one!
Yamato: No no no. It's a way to signify to the person who dropped their chopsticks that it's not a big deal.
Chris: I see. Japan is truly a land of courtesy.
Yukie: Chris-san, please don't. You don't need to lick them!
Cookie 2: Bless her heart, but she's pretty.
Kazuko: Nahaha. This is kinda hard, when my hands are shaking so much.
Kazuko: Eigh... Eigh...
*She occasionally got herself noodles, but failed far more often than not.*
Kazuko: Yamato, could you get some for me?
Yamato: ...Yeah, so eat up. (I filled her plate.)
Kazuko: Thanks. *om nom nom*
Kazuko: Mn, these are good.
Yamato: You want more?
Kazuko: I'm feeling stronger now, so I can get them myself.
Kazuko: I have the training restraints on. I can't slack off now.
Yamato: ...Geez, Wanko.
*I'd been a fool to see her as weak, even for a second.*
*She was effort and willpower incarnate.*
Shouichi: This flowing noodles thing is pretty fun.
Shouichi: We gotta bring Gakuto and everyone else in on this next time.
Chris: That sounds wonderful. By all means!
Chris: And next time, I will not err in my positioning!
Yukie: You're really fixated on that, huh...
*......*
*Wanko decided to take an hour-long nap.*
*After the quick rest, it would be back to work until the sun went down.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
*She fell asleep in a wink. She must've been really tired.*
Yamato: Maybe I'll go take a bath.
Yamato: Let freedom ring! (I stripped naked.)
Miyako: I'll wash your back. And then I'll clean the rest of you with my lips.
Yamato: Could you stop waiting for me like you own the place?!
Miyako: ... (She stared at my crotch.)
Yamato: You're nuts! Get out of here!
Miyako: ...When I woke up, everyone was having so much fun.
Miyako: So I went all-out! To make up for lost time!
Yamato: How about you don't?!
*At the dorm, summer break was no break from craziness.*
Kazuko: Next up, curls! Hoh, hoh, hoh, hoh!
Momoyo: Wanko, you're really fired up.
Kazuko: Yep. I'm coming for you, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: (Her eyes... They're so brave, and adorable.)
Momoyo: (But I can't hug her, not right now. That's the pain of being a warrior.)
Shouichi: Yo, what's up? Momo-senpai, what're you squirming around for?
Yamato: It's the pain of her heart going out for her sister, but not being able to do anything.
Chris: ...Well, it is good to see that this situation has not damaged their relationship.
Shouichi: Obon season's coming up. Any of you guys got any plans?
Shouichi: Me personally, just like I told you back in spring, I'm going fishing at Amami Ooshima!
Shouichi: I'll even go scuba diving and explore all those underwater caves!
Takuya: Capt, did you get the license for that?
Shouichi: 'Course I got one. I'm planning on becoming an adventurer, aren't I?
Takuya: Then you're all prepared. I'll just be going to ComiFes and playing games at home.
Gakuto: I will spend my days pickin' up chicks. And if that fails, I guess I'll play games with Moro.
Yamato: So you're saying you're never leaving Moro's house?
Takuya: Wah! That's too stifling during the summer.
Gakuto: Heh, talk all you want. Girls go wild over the summer, and I'm goin' to snipe them down.
Momoyo: I feel the same way. I'll spend half my time training, and half my time being up to no good.
Momoyo: Maybe I'll have some fun with some hot foreign chicks.
Gakuto: If there's more than you can pleasure, ring me. I'll help you out.
Chris: I will be traveling Japan with my father and Mar-san.
Yukie: I'm be going back home for Obon.
Miyako: I have to go home too. It doesn't sound like Dad's doing very well.
Shouichi: Damn, everything okay? And I mean everything.
Miyako: Mn-hm. I have here. I'm fine, really.
Shouichi: Anything happens, gimme a call. I'll run straight there from Amami.
Takuya: Me and Gakuto should mostly be free, so we can help you, Miyako.
Yamato: Same here. Don't hesitate to ask.
Miyako: Then maybe I will.
Yamato: I won't mind.
Miyako: ...Thanks. That's more than enough.
Miyako: Wait. What about you Wanko?
Kazuko: I'm going to train in the mountains.
Shouichi: Awesome! That sounds like something I wanna do!
Yamato: I'll be going with her, to support her.
Miyako: Yamato... I'm going to be too lonely after all. Don't leave me alone.
Yamato: You said you'd be fine all of five seconds ago!
Miyako: I'm kidding. You two are going into the mountains alone?
Yamato: Of course not. Assistant Master Lu's going to be coming too, in a tracksuit to boot.
Miyako: Whew, I was worried for a second there that love might be in the air.
Chris: That is certainly overthinking things.
Chris: I cannot imagine Dog sees Yamato as a love interest.
Kazuko: ...Huh?
Chris: Hmm? What was that reaction?
Kazuko: ...Uh... Umm...?
Kazuko: Eheh. I don't know.
Yamato: --!
Miyako: Out! That's plenty bad!
Miyako: I guess I'll have to go to the mountains with you.
Miyako: ...Or so I'd like to say, but I'll hold myself back.
Miyako: I can withstand anything.
Yamato: Don't show off.
*Mmm. But setting that aside...*
*Wanko's reaction had all but confirmed what I'd already suspected.*
*She'd started to like me as a man.*
*I wasn't upset -- far from it -- but I did hope that wouldn't get in the way of her training.*
*.........*
Yamato: See ya.
Takuya: Bye-bye.
Momoyo: It's just me and you on the road home, Mororo? If any strangers come, protect me.
Takuya: Well, I'll at least try to be your shield.
Momoyo: If you've got any good games, lend me one. I'm bored.
Takuya: Oh, then I'll grab one from home.
Momoyo: Great. Then let's detour past your place.
Momoyo: Wow... The stars are beautiful, Mororo.
Takuya: Yeah... Hey, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: What?
Takuya: Your sister's getting really close with Yamato.
Momoyo: Seems like it. That's none of my business.
Takuya: I don't know how to feel about two of our friends falling in love after knowing each other for so long.
Takuya: Yamato seems fine, but I think I'd feel scared.
Momoyo: Scared of what?
Takuya: Of change, I guess.
Momoyo: Haha. You're delicate as a flower, Mororo.
Momoyo: Let's say you and I started going out.
Takuya: Huh?!
Momoyo: Eh, don't worry about it. That'll never happen.
Takuya: (You could've at least let me keep my pride...)
Momoyo: What'd you want to do with me, besides sex?
Takuya: Hmmm. You like games, so I guess we'd do that?
Takuya: Oh, and of course we'd go shopping and visit some amusement parks.
Takuya: ...Wait, that's what we do now.
Momoyo: And that's good. We wouldn't have to force things to change.
Momoyo: We'd just have fun like we always do. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Takuya: Okay...
Momoyo: There's nothing tricky about it. Que sera, sera.
Momoyo: Whatever will be, will be.
Takuya: Okay.
Momoyo: Yeah. Whatever will be, will be... I hope.
Takuya: ...What's wrong?
Takuya: You seem kind of off today too.
Momoyo: Having to fight my sister in a few weeks might be making me unstable.
Drunkard: *Hic!* Hi there, hot stuff!
Drunkard: *Hic!* Come along with me for a game of strip poker!
Takuya: Ignore him. Let's go.
*They passed by the man.*
Drunkard: *Hic!* I don't wanna go home and have to tell my wife I got fired! Do something about this recession!
Takuya: Man, I wish there weren't people like him to ruin Kawakami's nightlife.
Momoyo: Ahaha, you kept me safe after all.
Momoyo: And here I thought I'd have to launch some fireworks.
*Momoyo let the ball of ki she'd formed in her hand disperse into the air.*
Takuya: Yeah, I kept you safe from getting in trouble over annihilating that drunk... That was close.
Momoyo: ...Well, all you guys in our group are pretty kind.
Momoyo: So I figured Wanko would fall for one of you sooner or later... But Yamato? Haha.
Takuya: I thought she'd fall in love with Capt, personally.
Momoyo: Since they feed off each other's energy, yeah.
Momoyo: It's a summer tale of nine boys and girls. If I'm right, the next couple's going to be...
Takuya: *gulp*
Momoyo: You and Gakuto. I believe it 100%.
Takuya:  How about 0%?!
*.........*
Kazuko: Bwah... I'm tired...
Yukie: So next, push up her hips.
Yukie: Thrust, like so...
Kazuko: Ahhh! That feels so good!
Yamato: I see.
Yukie: To massage her legs, take the thigh and...
Yamato: Okay, okay.
*Mayucchi was teaching me the trick to giving a good massage.*
*After all, I'd be giving the massages when we were in the mountains.*
Yamato: Let me try... Like this?
Kazuko: Ahh... That hits the spot.
Yukie: That seems good. That is a good, forceful massage.
Yamato: I never really thought about it, but I guess it's the more pressure, the better?
Yukie: The next one is like...: This!
Yamato: This?!
Yukie: Yes!
Kazuko: Aaahhhh!
Tadakatsu: ...Tch! How da' fuck I'm supposed to sleep through this?!
Cookie: Ah, to be young again.
Tadakatsu: Shut it!
Cookie: What's wrong? I was just joking around.
Tadakatsu: Well, don't! Learn to take a hint.
Tadakatsu: ...What the hell's goin' on out here?
Miyako: If he slips and massages her in just the wrong place, the arrow of love will pierce his heart.
Tadakatsu: You lost me.
Chris: Bathtime, bathtime.
Margit: Frau Chris, I have for you a new rubber ducky.
Chris: Oh, and it has kids. They are so cute.
Margit: Let us try it out in the bath ASAP.
Chris: I will take the lead!
Tadakatsu: Between you all and soldier lady, this place's goin' crazier by the day.
*The first day in the mountains.*
Lu: All right, you've built yourself up nicely.
Kazuko: Yes, and I feel so free without the training restraints!
Kazuko: Like I could even fly!
*Wanko skipped about.*
*Then she started hopping around like a monkey.*
Yamato: Hmm, I feel like she's made incredible progress already.
Lu: ...Not even close, if she wants to become an assistant master.
Yamato: (Whoa, damn... He's serious as serious can be.)
Lu: Now your real training begins. Look upriver.
Kazuko: There's a waterfall. It's so pretty.
Lu: Stand in front of it, let your mind go blank, and practice the technique.
Kazuko: You want me to practice Agito there?
Lu: Yes. Legends have it that the founder of the Kawakami school trained here as well.
Lu: Let your heart give thanks that you can wield the naginata, and wield it well.
Yamato: You would give thanks? I don't understand.
Lu: Give thanks to your ability to walk this path, the people who've supported you along the way, and the mountain that provides us this training ground.
Lu: Do that, and one day your blade will surpass the limits of speed.
Lu: 5,000 reps! The rest of your time, you will spend training with me.
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
*It looked like I had a lot of watching over her to do.*
Lu: Twenty days remain... You'll be focusing strictly on martial arts.
Kazuko: ...Come to think of it, isn't that what I always do?
Lu: You're right. This is largely a harder version of what you've been doing.
Lu: ...Yes, and that means you are doing more than just preparing for one fight.
Lu: You would not even be able to do this training without the foundation built through your daily efforts.
Kazuko: Okay, I'll do my best! That's what I'm good at!
Yamato: Yeah, give it your best!
Yamato: Tell me if there's anything I can do to help!
Kazuko: 'Kay, thanks!
Lu: Mostly, I suspect you'll do nothing but watch over her.
Yamato: I'm fine with that. I brought plenty of books.
Kazuko: You did bring the most stuff. You're super prepared.
Kazuko: Okay, time to get started!
Kazuko: ...One!
*So began her intense training session.*
*--That night.*
Kazuko: Ow ow ow ow ow!
Yamato: Grit your teeth and bear with it. I have to massage you down.
Kazuko: Ooh... It hurts too much to sleep.
Yamato: That's why you need this massage.
Lu: Hmm, I see you're better with massages than I am.
*I kneaded her sore muscles.*
Kazuko: Y-You just bulldozed my arm! I felt that!
Yamato: You're fine, you're fine. Here, let me get on top. Okay?
Kazuko: Ah, hey, that feels--wah!
Yamato: See? Doesn't it feel good to have your hips massaged?
Kazuko: Awah... Sheesh... Suit yourself.
Yamato: Ahh... You've let your whole body fall listless.
Lu: Then it's my turn.
Lu: I use acupuncture. I'll just stab these into your vital points.
Kazuko:  Oof!
Lu: All of this exhaustion will seem like a thing of the past.
Lu: Between Yamato's massage and my acupuncture, your body is in good hands.
Kazuko: 'Kay...
Kazuko: Zzz...
Yamato: Oh, she fell asleep.
Lu: Then I'll head home. The rest is up to you.
Yamato: Huh? You're not staying with us?
Lu: I stayed with you today, and I'll be back within a few days.
Lu: She is not my only student. I cannot spend all my time with her.
Yamato: I guess that's fair...
Lu: I've given Kazuko her training regimen. Take care.
*He said, then casually set off down the mountain.*
Yamato: ...At least she still has me to watch over her.
Yamato: Knowing her, she won't have any issues completing her training regimen...
Kazuko: Zzz... Zzz...
Yamato: But I have to make sure she doesn't break herself in the process.
Yamato: ...Good thing I brought plenty of bug spray.
*For now, I needed to watch over her and make sure she wasn't bitten.*
Yamato: ...Leeches don't come up this far, do they?
*Nature could be a tough master on a summertime mountain.*
Kazuko: Zzz... Yamato... Zzz...
Yamato: What?
Kazuko: I'm hungry... Zzz...
Yamato: Yes, yes, there'll be breakfast when you wake up. (A canned breakfast, though.)
*Whatever else, I'd protect her the best I could.*
*A number of days had passed since her mountain training began.*
*As for Wanko...*
Kazuko: Seyah!
*She was swinging her naginata with as much furor as ever.*
*When her blade sliced through the water, droplets sparkled in the sun.*
Yamato: Hmm, she's so earnest and dedicated.
*The intensity she poured into her training left me in awe.*
*But was this really going to work?*
Kazuko: Seeiiigh!
*Sure, Wanko could swing her naginata faster than ever.*
*But could she really bring it to the level of a technique in half a month?*
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff...
*That was probably the most prominent question on her mind.*
*Which meant I couldn't say it myself.*
Kazuko: Seigh!
*I was her second, her supporter. If I didn't believe in her, who would?*
Kazuko: Hah!
*Though the water soaked her, still she faced the waterfall.*
*Still she cleared her quota.*
Kazuko: To defeat Onee-sama... Seyah!
*Her shout echoed across the mountainside.*
*.........*
Kazuko: Ahh... I can't move anymore...
Yamato: You've been like that every night.
*Wanko was inside the tent, dead tired.*
Yamato: Your muscles are so tense again...
Yamato: I'll massage them out for you.
Kazuko: Mmnnn? But you're always so mean with your hands.
Yamato: Surrender. You can't resist. See? (I started massaging her.)
Kazuko: Waahhh! It always feels so good...
Yamato: You like it here, right?!
Kazuko: ...It tingles!
Yamato: ...Why do we do this stupid act every night?
Kazuko: You've started adding things you found on the mountain to the food, haven't you?
Yamato: That's what I'm here for. Even a city boy like me can find herbs, fruits, and nuts.
Yamato: And I'm double checking with a reference book, so there's no need to worry.
Kazuko: I want to eat fish too.
Yamato: How do you expect me to catch any without a rod?
Yamato: But with all the time I have, maybe I'll give it a shot.
Kazuko: ...Normally you'd get mad at me for acting spoiled.
Yamato: Well... Right now, my job is helping you.
Yamato: C'mon, stick out your leg.
Kazuko: 'Kay. Do whatever you want.
Yamato: Hmph! I'll improve your circulation!
Kazuko: ...My mind's... going faint...
Yamato: If you're tired, go to bed. That's what you've done the last couple days anyways.
Kazuko: Hey, Yamato? ...Can I do this?
Yamato: Hm?
Kazuko: I'm doing all this training, but... Can I hit her?
Yamato: Self-doubt? From you?
Kazuko: I'm getting worried...
*I said...*
I believe in you
There is no try, only doing
You won't know until you try
Maybe you can't
Yamato: You can do it. I believe in you.
Kazuko: Yamato...
Yamato: Heck, you've come too far to weasel your way through this.
Yamato: There is no try. It's going to work somehow.
Kazuko: ...Yeah. That's the whole reason I'm even here.
Kazuko: I'll keep going, and believe I can do it 100%.
Yamato: That's the spirit. You have to keep going on raw determination.
Yamato: You won't know until you try.
Kazuko: Ooh... You're right.
Yamato: Well, the Assistant Master gave you his seal of approval.
Yamato: Believe in him.
Kazuko: ...Yeah.
Yamato: Maybe you can't.
Kazuko: Wah! You're a sadist! What's a sadist doing here?!
Yamato: I'm not supporting you to hear you whine.
Kazuko: I know, but...
Kazuko: I can't say that to anyone but you!
Yamato: Silly girl! Mother expects better from you! (I spanked her.)
Kazuko: Ouch! A-All right, I'm sorry!
Yamato: ...There's only two weeks left until showtime.
Kazuko: Yeah...
Kazuko: I don't want to leave anything on the table.
Yamato: Yeah... Give it your best.
Kazuko: Thanks!
Yamato: Another day of training awaits!
Kazuko: 'Kay...
Yamato: Hey, you look like you haven't recovered from yesterday.
Kazuko: I-I'm fine, really.
Kazuko: ...Is this really going to work?
Kazuko: But I have to try!
*Wanko's morale had begun to fall, little by little.*
*With the completion of her technique still so far away, she must have been panicking.*
Yamato: Hmm. I have to do something... Hm?
Azumi: Oh, gotcha!
Yamato: Hm?
Azumi: There ain't reception here.: Get me a simple antenna, and... Right.
Azumi: I found them, Hideo-sama
Azumi: They're at Point Zelda. We're awaiting your arrival. (She hung up.)
Yamato: Geh! 2-S's Oshitari Azumi? What are you doing here?!
Azumi: You think I came here by choice?!
Azumi: These mountains remind me too damn much of that hellhole in Afghanistan.
Kazuko: Don't tell me Kuki-kun's coming here?!
Azumi: Sure is! Wouldn't take no for an answer.
Azumi: So stick around for a few.
Kazuko: I don't have time for that! I'm going to start doing push-ups. One, two...
Azumi: ...It's like, you don't know what sitting still is.
Yamato: This is serious to her. If this is just to ask us to play in some game--
Azumi: It isn't like that. Here, Hideo-sama will tell you the whole deal.
Yamato: ......?
*.........*
Hideo: Goodness, to find you here training in the mountains!
Hideo: But that is a standard thing for a martial artist. We shouldn't be surprised by your choice, Kazuko-dono.
Kazuko: Uh... So what's going on, Kuki-kun?
Hideo: Grant Us the honor of supporting you, Kazuko-dono!
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Hideo: We heard your tale and wish to provide you with a world-class training facility staffed with the world's finest coaches, chefs, and doctors!
Kazuko: Umm... Wait--
Hideo: Which is to say, We have already done so!
Kazuko: Huh? You have?
Hideo: Yes, unlike here, you will have the chance to bring out your utmost strength! Come, Kazuko-dono!
Yamato: Wait one second, Kuki! Don't force everything on her at once!
Hideo: Yamato. You are a man of logic, are you not?
Hideo: Even you can see We can provide her with the best!
Yamato: (He's got a point... A training facility with everything that money could buy would definitely help her...)
Hideo: Do you not doubt, Kazuko-dono, that your current means of training may be flawed?
Kazuko: I-I...
Hideo: Then let Us support you! We insist!
Kazuko: Umm...
Hideo: What is it?
Kazuko: ...Kuki-kun, why would you do all this for me?
Hideo: Our love is infinite!
Kazuko: Why do you like me?
Hideo: The sight of you training is beauty itself!
Kazuko: When I was covered in sweat from running around?
Hideo: Yes, precisely! We felt compelled to support you!
Hideo: ...That alone perhaps does not make it clear.
Hideo: Then let Us convey to you a story from Our childhood.
Kazuko: Your childhood?
Hideo: They used call Us the Marvelous Arm.
Hideo: Our father encouraged Us to play baseball in Our childhood days.
Kazuko: Huh? Really?
Hideo: Indeed.
Hideo: How interesting, the sport. How deep, its complexity.
Hideo: We sought to master it.
Hideo: Fortunately, Our body was gifted the natural talent to be an ace.
Hideo: Our father gave Us permission to pursue this life. The Kuki name shall reverberate in the realm of sports as well...
Hideo: And so began Our baseball-filled days.
Hideo: Harsh was the training We endured to reach great heights, yet We enjoyed it all the same.
Hideo: We kept up with Our studies in elementary school, yet baseball consumed Our life.
Hideo: We were surely destined for greatness!
Hideo: A titan born from the perfect combination of talent and upbringing.
Hideo: But... We were overseas... upon that most cursed of days.
Hideo: It was a terrorists plot to target the wealthy, and We were there in that skyscraper when it started to fall.
Hideo: Though countless died... We somehow survived.
Azumi: ...That he made it out alive is a miracle.
Azumi: And I witnessed that miracle firsthand.
Azumi: I'd seen so much death on the battlefield, and I could not believe the blaze of light from which he escaped death.
Azumi: That was the day I decided to serve Hideo-sama.
Yamato: Oh, you weren't always with him?
Azumi: I'd grown tired of the mercenary life, of living on the battlefield.
Azumi: So I'd started wandering the city
Yamato: That  has no business being there...
Hideo: Though We survived with injuries to Our shoulder and arm...
Hideo: That injury was enough to rob Us of a life as a pitcher.
Kazuko: Ah, so that means...
Hideo: We cannot throw as We once could. After a few dozen pitches, We cannot even raise Our arm.
Hideo: Though We have come to terms with Our fate, We struggled with it for some time.
Hideo: We lived for baseball, and it was torn from Us...
Hideo: So too was torn from Us the will to live.
Hideo: Gone were the legions of supporters...
Hideo: And Our parents seemed to grow more distant...
Hideo: Only Aoi Touma, whom We knew from school, didn't change.
*--Years ago.*
Hideo: You are not leaving, Touma?
Touma: Whatever do you mean?
Hideo: Baseball was Our everything, and now We have nothing since we can no longer play...
Hideo: What purpose is there to stay with Us?
Touma: Even if you can't play baseball, you're still you.
Touma: Nothing about that has changed.
Touma: I spend time with you because I like you.
Hideo: --!
Touma: Plus, you look adorable when you're acting so meek.
Hideo: D-Do not mock Us!
Touma: I simply spoke how I felt.
Hideo: ...You're so frustrating!
Hideo: You shall no longer see meekness from Us!
Hideo: If baseball is no longer Our path, We shall find another!
Hideo: Through Our intelligence and charisma, We shall succeed Our father as head of the Kuki Conglomerate!
Touma: Oh my, you have returned to your confident self.
Hideo: A shame for you! Mwahahaha!
Touma: But I find this side of you no less wonderful.
Hideo: Is there anything you dislike?
Touma: Not particularly. Is that discomforting?
Hideo: Indeed. That is why you want for male friends.
Touma: ...Well, the girls don't seem to complain.
Hideo: Alas, We suppose We must be your friend.
Hideo: Are We not magnanimous? Mwahahahaha!
*............*
Hideo: Thus concludes Our grand life story.
Kazuko: And that's why you've supported me?
Hideo: Seeing you fervently train sparks memories of Our past self.
Hideo: Our dream ended unfulfilled, yet We would like to see yours succeed! Hence We offer Our assistance, Kazuko-dono!
Kazuko: ...So that's why. Thanks.
Kazuko: I appreciate it, I guess.
Hideo: Yes, that smile! That too bewitched Our heart!
Kazuko: ...I'm sorry, I can't, Kuki-kun.
Hideo: ...Aye Kant? Is that some great man? Surely he can not be Our equal.
Yamato: Uh, we both know she just said no.
Kazuko: I won't be going to your facility.
Hideo: Wh-Whyever not?! We shall not move from this spot until your reason is heard.
Kazuko: Assistant Master Lu's already the greatest coach I could ever ask for.
Kazuko: Yamato's supporting me too.
Kazuko: So I'm going to keep training here!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono...
Azumi: Oh, please tell me you're not blowing Hideo-sama off.
*She looked terrifying.*
Kazuko: I'd never do that!
Azumi: Hmm?
Kazuko: Kuki-kun, your support really did move me!
Kazuko: That will give me the strength to keep going!
Azumi: Hold up. That's no reason to--
Hideo: Restrain yourself, Azumi. That... is reason enough.
Hideo: We are glad We were able to provide even that small measure of assistance, Kazuko-dono.
Kazuko: Thank you!
Hideo: Time grows short. Let Us make way from here most majestically!
Hideo: It shall be a king's homecoming! Farewell!
Kazuko: Goodbye!
Azumi: Wait one moment, Hideo-sama!
Yamato: ...He left as suddenly as he arrived.
Kazuko: Heheh... But I feel so much better now. Yeah, I can do this.
Yamato: Oh, look. Thanks to them coming here, we now have reception.
Yamato: I can't believe how many texts I have. I told them I was going into the mountains.
Kazuko: Really? Let's see... Oh, I have messages too!
Kazuko: There's so many texts...
Momoyo: Wanko, how's it going? If things start looking down, let this text cheer you up. I can't wait for our rematch!
Yukie: I'm texting from my parents' home. You're training in the mountains, so try foraging for food. That will help your mind become one with the land.
Chris: I look forward to seeing how much you have grown. Be sure not to push yourself too hard.
Takuya: I'll be praying for you at the nearby shrine, Wanko. Good luck!
Gakuto: Keep pushin' forward! I know you can do it!
Shouichi: No way I'm gonna miss your match, so let's see ya kill it. And listen to whatever Yamato says.
Miyako: I'm lending Yamato to you, so slack off and you'll have some explaining to do... I'm only half joking. Keep at it! I know you can succeed, Wanko.
Kazuko: ...Everyone's cheering me on.
Kazuko: Yeah... I'm so lucky just to have friends like you, and to have this chance. I can't waste time complaining and panicking!
Kazuko: I finally understand what Assistant Master was trying to tell me!
Yamato: Huh?
*Wanko picked up her naginata and faced the waterfall.*
Kazuko: The point isn't just to swing it X number of times a day.
Kazuko: I have to let my thanks for everyone flow through every swing, to make each one count!
Kazuko: Seigh!
Yamato: Whoa, didn't that look a lot cleaner?
Kazuko: Eheheh. That's because I'm putting all my spirit into it.
Kazuko: ...I thought that, if I just suffered enough, my hard work would pay off.
Kazuko: But that was silly of me.
Kazuko: You accomplish anything being that gloomy!
*She swung her naginata again.*
*The attack was crisper than ever.*
Kazuko: ...This is what it means to be thankful.
Kazuko: I might not be able to go as fast, but that's fine.
Kazuko: I have to make sure... that every swing matters!
Yamato: ...Yeah!
*Her attack proved she'd shaken off all doubt and hesitation.*
Kazuko: Ahaha! I love training!
*Though sweat beaded her brow, she was having the time of her life.*
*And maybe, I thought, she would actually pull this off.*
*--Twelve days before the tournament.*
Kazuko: The fish from the river are so good. We were right to bring salt.
Yamato: Yeah. Living outdoors feels normal now.
Kazuko: ...Okay, I'm feeling strong again!
*Lately, Wanko had started foraging for food herself.*
*She'd become one with the mountain and sharpened her senses.*
Kazuko: My naginata is one with heaven and earth!
Kazuko: So thank you, Mother Nature, for providing me with food and a place to train!
Kazuko: Swing!
Kazuko: Swing!
Yamato: ...She's a completely different person from when we started.
*A rainbow glistened where her naginata cut through the waterfall.*
Kazuko: Hah!
*My eyes couldn't follow her swings anymore.*
*A cut upwards, then a swing down. A two-part attack.*
Yamato: So the first upswing knocks the enemy weapon out of the way, leaving them open to the ensuing swing down...
*Maybe that would work just as well against a blocking guard.*
*Even if Nee-san tried to back out of the way, the naginata had a long reach.*
*She'd surely be able to graze her.*
Yamato: This'll work! This move's actually really damn good.
*With another week, I was certain she could elevate it to the level of a technique.*
Kazuko: Seyah!
Yamato: ...But even so.
Kazuko: Fmmph!
*Her shouts were weird at times, but she looked picture-perfect.*
*There was such beauty in her pouring her life into her art.*
*I couldn't look away.*
Kazuko: Raaahhhh!
*...I never thought my heart would lean towards Wanko.*
*It had begun with simple respect for how she pursued her dream.*
*But now...*
Kazuko: Deigh!
*I felt so much... Well, love.*
*Even the sillier sides of her seemed charming, now.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Yamato: You're a terror!
Kazuko: ......?
*.........*
Kazuko: Bleyah...
Yamato: Massage complete. Good work today.
Kazuko: You can go into the hot spring first today, Yamato.
Kazuko: If I went in now, I know I'd fall asleep...
Yamato: And then I'd have to drag you out.
Kazuko: No... I'd be naked...
Yamato: Well, today's a bit special.
Kazuko: What's happening?
Yamato: There's a fireworks festival today in Kawakami.
Kazuko: Right, it's August 22nd!
Yamato: So let's launch a few fireworks of our own.
Kazuko: Oh, you brought some?
Yamato: Though I did assume you'd be too tired at night to do anything bigger than sparklers.
Kazuko: That's plenty. Let's go, let's go!
Yamato: I brought a lighter too. There!
*I lit one.*
Kazuko: Wow... So cool...
Yamato: Relaxing, right? Here, take yours.
Kazuko: Thanks.
Kazuko: If it keeps going for a full minute, I'll pass the test.
Yamato: Hey hey, let's not get any wind now.
Kazuko: ...Out here, even the sparklers look so pretty.
Yamato: I know you prefer bottle rockets, but these are still good.
Kazuko: ...Yeah... You're really considerate.
Yamato: There's not much else in the way of entertainment, so...
Yamato: I wanted there to be something to give you a change of pace.
Kazuko: Wow, that's so kind...
Kazuko: Ah, there it goes...
Yamato: I have more. Here.
Kazuko: Hm.
Yamato: I'm sure Hideo would've put on a whole show for you.
Kazuko: These are fine.
Kazuko: So if I pass the test...
Yamato: Yeap, that's right.
Kazuko: How do I go about thanking you?
Yamato: No need. I never expected you to.
Kazuko: Ooh, but then I'd feel all guilty.
Kazuko: What if I carried your bags every day?
Yamato: Are you planning on being my servant?
Kazuko: Or I could wake you up every morning?
Yamato: I don't need a crazy alarm clock.
Kazuko: Come on, come on... Then what should I do?
Yamato: Just be yourself.
*I patted Wanko's head.*
Yamato: I'm doing this because I like you.
Yamato: So stop talking about paying me back.
Kazuko: Y-Yamato...
Kazuko: Yamato!
Yamato: Whoa! Not when you've still got fireworks in your hands!
*She jumped into my arms.*
Kazuko: I'm going to do my best on the test!
Kazuko: So don't look away for a second!
Yamato: Ah.
Yamato: (!)
*Wanko was staring at me.*
*...Was that a hint of passion I saw in her eyes?*
Yamato: (Did I just woo her by accident?!)
Kazuko: So... Let's get back to the fireworks.
*Wanko came next to me and did just that.*
*Her arm brushed mine.*
Kazuko: Heheheh.
Yamato: (And the mood's incredible!)
Kazuko: 
Yamato: (I didn't want to burden her with any of this until after the test, but...)
Yamato: (All's good. It's helped her, if anything, and it doesn't change how I feel about her.)
Yamato: (But I'll save sweeping her off her feet for after the test.)
Yamato: (While we're celebrating, I'll pop the question!)
Yamato: (Ah! No, I can't let my thoughts go there!)
Yamato: (Right now, we need to focus on her test!)
Kazuko: *stare*...
Yamato: Wh-What?
Kazuko: The way you get deep in thought is so cool.
Yamato: (I'm sorry. I wish I could be as pure as you.)
*I couldn't let her lose that!*
*Assistant Master Lu had come today to visit.*
Kazuko: Look! I can do this much even while wearing the training restraints!
Lu: Good. Well done coming this far!
Lu: You have three days to finish training. Then, spend the last day resting.
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
Lu: Then let's go for a jog.
Kazuko: I don't know if you'll be able to keep up with me anymore.
Lu: You wouldn't have been able to make that sort of joke a few weeks ago. Very nice.
Yamato: Then I'll start cooking something up for when you get back.
*.........*
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... I never knew you could run that fast!
Lu: You've grown incredibly, and become one with the mountain.
Lu: You'll pass the test now, I'm sure of it!
Kazuko: Thank you very much!
Lu: I could have taught you my Drunken Fist as well, but that would have been a riskier option. I'm glad this worked out.
Kazuko: Isn't Drunken Fist your most powerful ultimate?
Kazuko: I want to know more about it.
Lu: Well, we can save that for later.
Lu: ...Personally, I like you as a martial artist.
Kazuko: Th-Thank you.
Lu: But to be honest, I don't like Momoyo.
Kazuko: Huh...?
Lu: She's too much like Shakadou. She thinks strength is everything.
Lu: But that is not how a martial artist should think. It's a killer's mindset.
Lu: A mindset that leaves nothing but emptiness behind.
Kazuko: Assistant Master...
Lu: I do not believe that a martial artist can afford to ignore their heart.
Lu: Yet Momoyo's style is callously cold.
Kazuko: ...Assistant Master!
Lu: As if she were born only to fight.
Lu: But doesn't that seem strange to you?
Lu: I can't accept that's the path for her.
Kazuko: Assistant Master, please! Stop!
Lu: Kazuko...
Kazuko: Please don't say anymore.
Kazuko: I want to be an assistant master so I can support Onee-sama.
Kazuko: ...So I don't want to hear mean things about her.
Lu: ...I'm sorry.
Lu: I think, as an assistant master, you can bring balance to Momoyo's spirit.
Kazuko: ...Yes.
Kazuko: Onee-sama's suffering because she doesn't have a rival.
Kazuko: I want to soothe that pain!
Kazuko: And this is one step along that path!
Lu: Yes. Good luck on the test.
Kazuko: Thank you!
Kazuko: I'm going back to train at the waterfall!
Lu: ...Good.
Kazuko: Take care!
Lu: ...I am a fool of a master, to need to be taught something so obvious by my pupil.
Lu: She will be the light shining on Kawakami Tmeple.
Lu: I can only hope she passes...
*The day of the Kawakami Temple Tournament.*
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
*Thirty-two fighters had assembled here, along with thousands of spectators.*
*The largest event of the end of summer had begun.*
Takuya: Whoa, it's packed.
Miyako: I don't like large crowds... And it's hot.
Shouichi: Oh! Guys, over here!
Gakuto: Oh, there's Capt.
Shouichi: Even in this huge wave of people, spotting Gakuto was easy as pie.
Yukie: Wow, this is such a nice place.
Yukie: We have such a good view of the ring.
Shouichi: Best seats in the house, am I right? Cookie saved us the spot.
Cookie: Sheesh. He made me stand out here in the blazing heat since yesterday.
Cookie: It was awful.
Miyako: There, there. Good robot.
Gakuto: Heck, if we're this close, won't we have shockwaves from their techniques to worry about?
Shouichi: That'd be such a cool accident!
Yukie: I will take responsibility for protecting everyone.
Miyako: I can help. So... You can sit back and enjoy.
Takuya: We can always count on you girls... Wait, where's Chris?
Shouichi: She texted me sayin' she's not feeling well.
Gakuto: Really? And this is Wanko's chance to finally shine, too.
Yukie: But wait. Didn't I see her leaving the dorm this morning?
Miyako: Yeah. What's going on?
Takuya: Where's Yamato?
Shouichi: He's Wanko's second, so shouldn't he be in the waiting room?
Takuya: Right, seconds get to watch from the side of the ring.
Shouichi: Hey yeah, so he's got better spots than us. Darn it, Yamato.
Gakuto: Miyako, can I get another look at the bracket?
Miyako: Yes, here. Actually, I'll spread it out so everyone can see.
Gakuto: Wanko's... There she is. This is goin' to be an awesome tournament.
Shouichi: Um... There's 32 people, so that's five rounds that she's gotta make it through?
Takuya: In the first round, Wanko's opponent is... Palrog.
Miyako: Who is that... Umm, he's a boxer?
Gakuto: Her naginata should give her a huge advantage. Is there anyone else to look out for? ...Doesn't look like it.
Takuya: Well, this is supposed to be a peaceful tournament for the city's people to enjoy.
Shouichi: If anything, the real trouble comes after she's won.
Takuya: Hm... Ahahaha! What's with this name?
Gakuto: Does someone have a funny name?
Takuya: Right here, look! Her sense of humor must be awful.
Gakuto: Miss Chivalry? Hahaha, who'd come up with somethin' that stupid?
Takuya: What must her parents be thinking right now? Sheesh.
Shouichi: You think so? I say it's super cool!
Miyako: ...Oh, there's Class Rep and her friends. Look, over there.
Shouichi: ...You really do got eyes like a hawk... Oh, yeah, there they are!
Miyako: ...And Tadakatsu's over there, off by himself.
Takuya: There's definitely a lot of people from Kawakami Academy.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We have arrived in time for the tournament!
Azumi: Everyone here works for the Kuki Conglomerate. We have perfectly reserved this area for you, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Good. Then let Us behold Kazuko-dono's efforts.
Takuya: There's no way any of us could miss him, he stands out so much.
Shouichi: So on that note, guys, I've got this idea.
Miyako: Oof. I have a bad feeling about this.
Shouichi: If we're gonna cheer for her, we gotta be the best cheer squad ever.
Shouichi: I brought a huge cheer flag. Let's wave it proud!
Takuya: That's why you're wearing that huge backpack? ...Wait, the handwriting on the flag's incredible. How'd that happen?!
Shouichi: Oh, I met this awesome calligraphy master over the summer and asked him to do it. His name's Fudeoka Fudeo.
Miyako: He's a National Treasure...
Shouichi: Really? I was just fishing with him, and we really hit it off. He said he could really write, so I figured I'd ask.
Shouichi: And here! I've got us a cheer song too!
Gakuto: You wrote a song too?!
Takuya: ...Wait, isn't this lyricist famous in the indie scene?
Shouichi: Oh, I got to know the guy while I was working this job at a club during the second half of the summer, and he said he really knows his music, so...
Yukie: You really worked hard on this!
Yukie: Then I'll hold the flag for everyone. Let's cheer her on!
Takuya: Uh, can we not? Nobody behind us would be able to see!
Miyako: ...There you go again.
*...The waiting room.*
*I could feel the electricity in the air.*
Kazuko: I forgot how hot it is in the city...
Kazuko: Let's get the match started already.
Yamato: The Family texted me, saying they're in the front row of the stands.
Kazuko: Wow. Part of me's thankful, but part of me feels really awkward about that...
Momoyo: Oh, there you are! Wanko! Yamato!
Fighter A: H-Hey, it's Kawakami Momoyo.
Fighter B: Make way. She'll send you flying with just a bump.
*They parted like the Red Sea.*
Momoyo: ...I haven't seen you in so long... You're looking good, Wanko.
Kazuko: Long time no see, Onee-sama!
Kazuko: --I'll be holding nothing back today!
Momoyo: I like your eyes. I'll be waiting for you in the exhibition!
*I heard even more whispering around us.*
Momoyo: ..I really stand out. See you soon.
*She made an exit no less bold than her entrance.*
*Once she was gone, I could feel the room relax.*
Yamato: ...You two haven't talked in so long.
Kazuko: I'm so glad I got to talk to her.
Kazuko: ...But that won't affect our match!
*She was ready and raring to go.*
Zakuro: Hey, are you Kawakami Kazuko?
Kazuko: Who are you?
Zakuro: I am Zakuro, the one you are destined to face in Round 2.
Zakuro: You, the daughter of the Kawakami Temple, will be the first to fall by my hands.
Zakuro: Your sister, Kawakami Momoyo, will soon follow.
Zakuro: Then I will be the greatest martial artist in the world.
Zakuro: You have the honor of being the cornerstone of my legend. Congratulations.
Yamato: ...What the heck?
Kazuko: It's time. We're starting!
Jun: Ladies and gentlemen, it's finally time for the Kawakami Martial Arts Tournament!
Jun: I'm Inoue Jun. As a member of the Broadcast Club, I went through a grueling selection process to become your play-by-play commentator for today.
Jun: And with me is a woman who needs no introduction, the strongest fighter here at the Kawakami Temple, Kawakami Momoyo!
Momoyo: ...We're paired up, again? Let's get this over with.
Jun: It's finally time for the fighters to step out into the blazing heat and fight.
Momoyo: The winner gets the right to challenge me. I hope you'll all look forward to that exhibition match.
*The crowd raised a cheer.*
Jun: Then for the first match of round 1, we have the Rising Wolf, Kawakami Kazuko, versus the Cannon of Las Vegas, Palrog!
Shouichi: There she is! Wanko!
Takuya: Good luck!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono!!!
Kazuko: Wow, there's so many people...
Kazuko: ...But that doesn't change what I'm here to do!
Yukie: ...My goodness... Kazuko-san...?
Yukie: Incredible! She's truly several levels stronger!
Miyako: Yeah... I don't think I could beat her unarmed anymore.
Jun: Kawakami Kazuko's armed with a naginata, while Palrog's out there with his fists!
Jun: But this is mixed martial arts! Anything goes!
Jun: Just a friendly tournament for fun, so fighters are only allowed to use edged weapons if they use the flat of their blades or replica weapons.
Jun: Kawakami Kazuko's chose the latter option, but her weapon's no less heavy than the real one.
Jun: Can Kawakami Kazuko use her weapon to overcome the difference in weight class?!
Tesshin: Both fighters, step forward. I will be your referee. You will obey my command.
Kazuko: Yes, sir!
Palrog: Yeah!
Tesshin: A fighter only loses if they are hit out of the ring, knocked unconscious, or if I judge them unable to continue. Understood?
Palrog: My fists will have your blood on them, pipsqueak!
Kazuko: I won't use my naginata. We're even now.
Palrog: Hey, hey. Don't make this too easy, pipsqueak.
Kazuko: I'll be fine! Good luck!
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair!: Begin!
Palrog: Oraah!
*He opened with a vicious punch.*
Kazuko: Hmph!
*But to Kazuko's eyes, it seemed slow. She dodged by the slimmest of margins.*
Kazuko: (Yeah, my eyes are in perfect condition.)
Palrog: Uppercut! : Straight punch!
Kazuko: I can see them coming!
Jun: She dodges left, she dodges right. Looks like Kawakami Kazuko's dodging everything Palrog has to offer!
Palrog: In that case... Three.: Two.: One!: Turn punch!
*It was a powerful charged punch.*
Kazuko: I'll dodge by a hair's breadth...
Kazuko: Then strike you down... Kawakami Ultimate: Scorpion Strike!
Palrog: Ugh?! ...Oh... Oh... Oh.
Jun: Palrog is down!
Tesshin: The fighter is unable to continue the battle. Kazuko is the winner!
Kazuko: Thank you very much!
Jun: Man. Wasn't she fast, Momo-senpai?!
Momoyo: Yeah... Wanko really dialed it up a notch.
Momoyo: Every movement served a purpose. Her moves have none of their old sloppiness.
Momoyo: Now I'm really excited to see if she can land a blow on me.
Jun: Hmm? What do you mean?
Momoyo: Heh, that's between me and her.
Momoyo: (Right, we kept that a secret from everyone not involved.)
Momoyo: (How shocked would Capt and everyone else here be if they knew she stood the risk of losing her dream?)
Jun: Her opponent, Palrog, put up a good fight himself.
Momoyo: Yeah, he played a good line. It's just...
Momoyo: Wanko's awfully strong. She hasn't trained at the Temple for nothing.
Shouichi: Sweet, that's one win down! Nice!
Miyako: Keep it up!
Kazuko: Thanks, everyone!
Kazuko: Wait... Kuri's not there? What's going on?
*...The waiting room.*
Yamato: You have time until your next fight, so rest up.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Yamato: (If everyone's at the same level as Palrog, victory's in the bag.)
*Then I heard a voice over the announcer.*
Jun: Zakuro's been knocked out of the ring! Yamchad's made it to the second round!
Yamato: He lost already?!
*Why did he even enter?*
*The matches continued on.*
Jun: It's the fourth match of round one! The all-mysterious Miss Chivalry takes on the Thinking Jujutsu Master, Shibukawa Rekka!
Yamato: Miss Chivalry? The heck? That's stupid.
Chris: Step aside. I am Chivalry.
Yamato: ............Hey.
Chris: What?
Yamato: Are you screwing with us, Chris?
Chris: I am not Chris. I am Miss Chivalry. Is that not right, Mar-san?
Margit: That is correct, Frau Chivalry.
Yamato: ...Uh, no no no. It's obvious.
Chris: I have no idea who you even are, Naoe Yamato.
Chris: ...Uh!
Chris: Ahem.
Chris: I only knew your name because of Chivalry Power.
Margit: You will accept that such mysterious powers exist.
Yamato: But... It even says 'Chris' above your lines in the script.
Miss Chivalry: Enough of your fourth-wall-breaking nonsense.
Miss Chivalry: It is time. To arms, Mar-san!
Margit: On my way, Frau Chris!
Miss Chivalry: Ah! You were not supposed to say that, Mar-san!
Margit: Fear not. By some stroke of fortune, this man heard absolutely nothing.
Margit: ...Right?!
Yamato: Nope, not a thing.
Miss Chivalry: I thought our disguise had been unveiled... We would not want to ruin the surprise.
Miss Chivalry: All right! Let us go! Toh!
*Chivalry set off to battle.*
Yamato: ...Can you even call that a disguise?
*Was anyone stupid enough to be fooled by that?*
Kazuko: ...Who was that? Do you know her?
Yamato: Right, you're that stupid. Can't believe I forgot.
Kazuko: Huh?!
*The real bad news here was that Chris was in the tournament.*
*They'd meet in the third round, in the top eight...*
Jun: Now, here comes Miss Chivalry!
Miyako: Everyone's laughing at her name.
Takuya: But given everything that's happened today, I'm pretty sure that--
Shouichi: Whoa, what's with that mask? It's totally sweet. I want one!
Gakuto: Miss Chivalry... Who in the world is she?
Takuya: That neither of those two would have any idea. And I'm right.
Miyako: Mayucchi, can you tell who Chivalry is?
Yukie: I mean, Margit-san is even her second...
Miyako: Right?
Gakuto: I've got it! She must be an assassin sent by the German military!
Shouichi: I get it. So she's planning to use this battle as a chance to challenge Momo-senpai.
Miyako: ...There you all go again. Even Chivalry.
Jun: It looks like Chivalry's using a rapier.
Jun: Momo-senpai, what do you think of Miss Chivalry?
Momoyo: She's one of the strongest in the tournament. And she's a friend of mine.
Momoyo: Her disguise is perfect, but she can't change her unique aura.
Jun: ...I see. Then this first-round matchup is between two powerful fighters.
Jun: Her opponent, Shibukawa, is a favorite to win it all.
Shibukawa: Wow, Missy, you gonna fight me masked?
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair! Begin!
Shibukawa: Don't get yourself down 'cause you got matched up against me, Shibukawa!
Miss Chivalry: Mm?!
Jun: Shibukawa tackled Chivalry! I can't believe a jujutsu master tackled someone!
Shibukawa: Pow!
Jun: What a knifehand! He's driving Miss Chivalry back!
Shibukawa: You were wise not to block. If I'd gotten a hold of you, you'd be through.
Miss Chivalry: Hah!
Jun: Chivalry's retreated even farther! She's run out of space behind her!
Miss Chivalry: I have established enough distance. Now it is my turn to attack you.
Shibukawa: What the heck? Where'd all that aggression come from?!
Shibukawa: (But a fencer can only stab. I'll wait for her to move in, then apply a technique.)
Miss Chivalry: ......
Shibukawa: (Now come! Attack me head-on!)
Miss Chivalry: Haaaaaahhhhhhh!
Shibukawa: (There! She's coming straight at--)
Shibukawa: You're too fast! Gaaahhhh!
Jun: Kuri-tical hit! That's gotta hurt, even against a replica!
Shibukawa: ...*cough*... Fencing can really improve your swordsmanship...
Shibukawa: So I've lost... I've been... utterly... defeated...
Tesshin: The fighter is unable to battle! Miss Chivalry is the winner!
Miss Chivalry: ...In respect to Shibukawa, I will reveal my true face.
Chris: For I wanted my presence here to be a surprise.
Jun: Whoa, Chivalry's freely removed her mask!
Jun: --?! It's the surprise of the century!
Jun: Miss Chivalry is actually Kawakami Academy's own Chris!
*The audience cheered at the news.*
Shouichi: What?! She even fooled me?!
Gakuto: Dammit, Chris... You're one hell of an actor.
Kazuko: ...Kuri's in the tournament?
Yamato: Yeah... Why'd she have to go and do that?
Yamato: (How do we get through this without having to fight her...?)
*Chris and her second returned to the waiting room.*
Chris: Hahaha. You must be surprised, Dog and Yamato.
Yamato: ...What are you doing here? Didn't you say you'd support her?
Chris: Yes, that was my intent.
Chris: It's a tournament! I could not resist the urge.
Chris: So I chose to participate myself, as a surprise!
*Chris's naive words showed no ill intent.*
*She looked more like an innocent girl wanting to join in on the festivities.*
Kazuko: Kuri, you know how much this tournament means to me.
Chris: And of course, I would not participate were I any less serious.
Kazuko: When we meet in the third round, I won't hold anything back.
Chris: ...Yeah, and nor will I!
Chris: I cannot wait, Dog!
Chris: Let us go, Mar-san.
Margit: Are you sure?
Chris: Dog is more serious than I thought.
Chris: Thus, we will fight here as warriors. There is no need for small talk.
Margit: ...You have such excellent resolve, Frau Chris.
Chris: ...But when I do not know anyone else...
Chris: I will not deny this is a bit lonely.
Margit: That is why I am here. Please count on me.
*Margit took out a flower out of her hair.*
Chris: Oh?
Margit: I will not bore you.
Chris: I knew you would not, Mar-san!
Yamato: (Now then... What do I do about Chris?)
Yamato: Wanko... Are you sure?
Kazuko: Yeah. Plus, I lost against her on the day she transferred here. This is the perfect chance to get some payback.
Yamato: But you still have Momo-senpai waiting in the wings.
Yamato: Don't you want to save your strength?
Kazuko: This is a martial arts tournament. There were always going to be a few strong fighters mixed in.
Kazuko: I bet overcoming that is all part of the test.
Yamato: Well, that's true. But this is Chris we're talking about.
Kazuko: Then what, you want to tell her what's going on and ask her to drop out? I can't do something that pathetic!
Kazuko: I just have to win!
Yamato: ...You're right.
*She'd made it this far. I had to believe in her.*
*Her sheer determination will give her the strength to win.*
*--The tournament continued.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Snake Snipe!
Andre: NWOH?
Kazuko: Now that you've lost your balance... Kawakami Ultimate: Bird Suplex!
Andre: GAAHHH!
Jun: What a somersault! She's kicked Andre the Giant all the way out of the ring!
Tesshin: Andre is out of bounds! Kawakami Kazuko is the winner!
Jun: Kawakami Kazuko makes it to the third round, and the top eight!
*...As for Chris.*
N. Bison: You are worthless! Nightmare Kick!
Chris: I can see it!
N. Bison: Nwuh? You dodged it?!
Chris: Seigh!
N. Bison: Guaaaahhhh!
Jun: Another amazing match! One stab was enough to send her foe outside the ring!
Tesshin: Chris is the winner!
Jun: Chivalry -- that is, Chris -- has secured her seat in the top eight...
Jun: Where she'll face off against Kawakami Kazuko!
Shouichi: ...Whoa, hey. They have to fight in round three?
Gakuto: Who are we supposed to cheer for?
Takuya: Whoever we want, I guess?
Miyako: While I don't mean any disrespect towards Chris, I think we owe Wanko our support this time.
Yukie: Yes, since she's so determined to fight Momo-senpai.
Shouichi: ...Well, it's nothing to wrack our brains over. Let's just cheer for who we wanna!
Jun: It's noon, so we'll be taking an hour break before the next round.
*...Lunch break.*
Tesshin: Whew.
Momoyo: Hey there, Gramps, and Assistant Master.
Lu: Momoyo, thank you for doing the color commentary.
Tesshin: ...This is the moment, Momo.
Momoyo: Yeah, finally.
Momoyo: From what I saw, the strongest one out there is Chris.
Momoyo: If Wanko can make it past her, the championship is hers.
Lu: I feel the same way. The third round will be her greatest obstacle.
Tesshin: Yes. She is lucky that Chris eliminated the other big favorite, Shibukawa.
Tesshin: Their battle will be the de facto final round.
Tesshin: ...So this will be her trail.
Tesshin: Remember the day Kazuko came to us? She said that she wanted to train as a full monk?
Lu: I remember it clearly.
Momoyo: And didn't you give her that nasty test?
*Several years ago...*
Kazuko: Please! I wanna train me for real!
Tesshin: Your entrance into our family doesn't mean you need to specialize in martial arts.
Kazuko: No, that's no the only reason.
Kazuko: I want to be as strong and amazing as my shiny Onee-sama!
Kazuko: I want to become an assistant master, and then I can support her!
Tesshin: ...Hmm.
Tesshin: (Shakadou, what do you think?)
Shakadou: (I've seen her about, and she ain't got no instincts.)
Shakadou: (She gonna be one helluvan athlete, but this ain't her jam.)
Tesshin: (I feel the same way... What about you, Lu?)
Lu: (I don't sense from her the talent necessary to become an assistant master.)
Lu: (However, she has such passion... That might change everything.)
Tesshin: ...Hmm. Then Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yes?!
Tesshin: For now, let us see your determination.
Tesshin: You have two hours to run to Nanahama, the neighboring city, and bring back an Inamuraya meat bun.
Tesshin: And no rides, of course.
Kazuko: Yes, sir! I'll be right back!
Tesshin: Lu, would you mind watching over her?
Lu: Of course. I'll make sure she's safe.
Lu: And shall I set up 'the accident' for her?
Tesshin: Yes.
Shakadou: The one where y'got someone play-actin' like they're hurt?
Momoyo: But that's such a cruel test.
Tesshin: We won't train anyone who would abandon a person in need.
Shakadou: Wowee, I damned near fell for that one myself.
Tesshin: The correct response will be for her to provide aid while also making it back in time.
Tesshin: Good luck, Wanko.
*--Two hours later.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff... I... made it.
Tesshin: Stand up. Here's your next test.
*--At sunset.*
Tesshin: Your exam... is complete.
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: ...What's... next?
Kazuko: I... swear... I'll... do it...
Shakadou: Says the girl who ain't even able t'stand on her own two feet.
Lu: I'm amazed... You passed them all even while being pushed beyond to your limit.
Momoyo: You should be proud, especially since Gramps here wasn't giving you any slack.
Tesshin: ...This child has perseverance coursing through her veins.
Tesshin: That gives me enough hope to admit you to the Temple.
Lu: Congratulations!
Momoyo: Good going, Wanko!
Kazuko: Thanks!
*......*
Momoyo: Those were the days.
Tesshin: Much time as past since then, and Kazuko has grown immensely.
Lu: She has progressed more than enough to become a junior assistant master, who assist the full assistant masters.
Tesshin: Yet Kazuko is fixated on becoming a full assistant master.
Momoyo: That's so she can support the grand master... me.
Tesshin: A noble goal...
Tesshin: But a test is a test! She must overcome it, or her path ends.
Tesshin: That Chris girl is strong, yet nothing an assistant master candidate can't handle. A defeat to her would not constitute extenuating circumstances.
Tesshin: If someone of Kuki Ageha's level participated, that would be a different story.
Tesshin: Accept that.
Momoyo: Yeah, yeah... I know.
Momoyo: It's do or die, Kawakami Kazuko.
*......*
Margit: Frau Chris, I would like to give you something.
Chris: What is it, Mar-san?
Margit: It is a medal, both a badge of honor and a charm that has kept me safe from bullets on the battlefield.
Margit: Carry this with you, to keep you safe.
Chris: You are making too much of this, Mar-san.
Margit: ...I can see in Kazuko's eyes that she will fight until her last breath.
Margit: Please take it with you.
Chris: All right, if you insist.
Margit: I knew you would listen to reason, Frau Chris.
Chris: I always listen to you and Father.
Margit: Thank you very much.
*Third round is Kazuko versus Chris!*
Yamato: This is it.
Kazuko: Yeah! I've been waiting for this!
Give it your best!
Go beat her!
Can you really do this?
Yamato: Give it your best out there.
Yamato: ...How many times have I told you those words?
Kazuko: It's all right. Giving it my best is what I'm best at.
Kazuko: This time, I'll give 200%!
Yamato: Go beat her.
Kazuko: Duh! They're going to have to take Kuri out on a stretcher!
Yamato: Can you really do this?
Kazuko: ...Honestly, I have no idea how this is going to turn out.
Kazuko: But still, even so, I am 100% aiming to win.
Yamato: That's the spirit.
Yamato: All right, go for it!
Kazuko: Here I go!
Jun: Here's the match you've all been waiting for, Kawakami Kazuko versus Chris!
Jun: Two friends, fated to meet in the ring!
Jun: This is sure to be an amazing match!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, now is your most important match! Hold nothing back!
Azumi: Let's go Kazuko, let's go Yeah!
Maid 1: Let's go Kazuko, let's go!
Maid 2: Let's go Kazuko, let's go!
Jun: The gorgeous maids have come out to cheer Kawakami!
Margit: I would expect no less from the Kuki Corporation. But we are the military.
Jun: Whoa, a fighter jet! That jet just flew over the ring!
Jun: And it's writing a message in the sky with its smoke trail... 'Good luck, Chris'!
Miyako: Can't you cheer like normal people? Actually, should German fighter planes even be here?
Margit: The government's only response will be a formal letter of reproach. So you see, there is no issue. We are free to do as we please.
Tadakatsu: ......
Chris: Good luck, Dog.
Kazuko: Same to you, Kuri.
Momoyo: They're both fired up. Kuri's not going to hold back.
Margit: (There's such determination in her eyes... The flames I thought I saw before now burn even brighter.)
Margit: (I'm glad I gave Frau Chris that firm message.)
Margit: (Warrior Kazuko is as serious as can be. If she doesn't take her seriously, it will spell defeat.)
Tesshin: Stand tall and fight fair!: Begin!
Chris: Here I come!
Kazuko: 'Kay, let's go!
Jun: Both fighters immediately ready their weapons!
Jun: And here I was sure they'd feel each other out with some light punches first.
Momoyo: Neither of them feels cocky enough to do that.
Chris: --!
Kazuko: --!
Jun: And both of them are yet to move from their opening stances!
Jun: But the fight's already underway... Right?
Momoyo: Yeah. They're attacking each other with their ki.
Shouichi: *gulp* ... Whoa, they're both psyched up.
Gakuto: I know Wanko's takin' this seriously because she wants to fight her sister, but what pushed Chris this far?
Miyako: It's simple. She's simply matching Wanko's enthusiasm.
Gakuto: Oh, so full power against full power? Right, that would make sense.
Yukie: But nevertheless, just watching this is making me thirsty.
Matsukaze: I feelin' like Chris's got the upper hand.
Chris: ... (You have grown stronger since the day I transferred here.)
Kazuko: ... (I knew you'd be this strong once you got serious, Kuri.)
Chris: (But no matter how strong you are, I will not suffer a loss to you.)
Kazuko: (There's no way I'm losing to you twice. I have to win.)
Takuya: Wanko's breaking out in sweat.
Yukie: Even though they aren't moving, the mental strain must be immense.
Chris: (Dog has grown tired... This is my chance!)
Chris: (No, that line of thinking will cause me to lose.)
Chris: (If I jump in, she will surely counter with her naginata.)
Chris: (I have to wait until her attention slips.)
Jun: ...An hour's passed, and they're still staring at each other!
Jun: While the crowd was at first silenced by the tension in the air, I'm starting to hear some grumbling from the stands.
Spectator A: Hey, start fighting already!
Spectator B: Go at her! Go!
Jun: We're starting to hear spectators call out to the fighters.
Momoyo: ...But I don't think the two girls can hear a word of it.
Chris: (When a drop of sweat falls from her brow onto her eyes...)
Chris: (Will be my moment to strike!)
Kazuko: (She's slowly pushing me back with raw ki... Kuri, you're amazing.)
Kazuko: (I know I'm sweating a lot more than her.)
Kazuko: (I can't rely on my eyes...)
Kazuko: (I won't aim with my eyes -- I'll aim by sensing for her aura!)
*Sweat entered Kazuko's eyes.*
Chris: Haaaahhhh!
*Chris shot forward like a bullet--*
Kazuko: Now!
*And Kazuko swung at her aura.*
Chris: Gah!
*The naginata slammed into Chris's side.*
Jun: What a hit! Kawakami Kazuko draws first blood!
Chris: Gh...! *Cough!*
Margit: Frau Chris!
Chris: I-I am fine. I can still fight!
Jun: Oh, Chris is still up on her feet.
Momoyo: This is just an estimate, but that attack probably took away 40% of Kuri's HP. The next attack should be fatal.
Momoyo: Kuri wasn't able to get in range to use her rapier, thanks to the naginata's longer range.
Momoyo: Can Wanko continue to use that to press her advantage?
Kazuko: Seyah!
*Victory in sight, she attacked Chris with a storm of cuts.*
Chris: --!
Chris: I was right. Your attacks are faster and heavier than before!
*Though she blocked each attack from the long-ranged weapon, they still drove her back.*
Chris: I must close the distance!
Kazuko: No, you're staying right where I want you!
Momoyo: (Yes! Maintain that space between you!)
Chris: Nngh...
Jun: Chris continues to retreat! But she's out of space!
Kazuko: (I can win!)
Kazuko: Keep going straight out of bounds!
*A heavy swing during that feeling of certain victory was the very moment Chris was waiting for.*
Chris: That was too sloppy!
Kazuko: Ah?! You jumped on top of my naginata?!
*Without a moment's delay, Chris stabbed at Wanko's shoulder.*
Chris: Seyah!
Kazuko: Haaaggg?!
*Chris elegantly alighted onto the ground, her blond hair twirling behind her in the wind.*
*While Kazuko thudded into the dirt.*
Jun: A painful shot to Kawakami Kazuko's shoulder! What a hit!
Spectator A: D-Did she just attack from on top of the naginata?!
Spectator B: D-Damn. How's that even legal?!
Jun: Such grace! She's just like Ushiwakamaru!
Momoyo: It takes amazing instincts to do something like that... Kuri's pretty good herself.
Lu: (That last, big swing was a mistake... You grew impatient, Kazuko.)
Chris: We have now suffered about the same amount of damage, Dog.
Kazuko: So what?
*Wanko stood, gripping her wounded right shoulder.*
Yamato: You all right?
Kazuko: This is nothing! We're just getting started!
Chris: Exactly!
Kazuko: You won't get in range again!
*Kazuko sliced at Chris from outside the other girl's range.*
Chris: Gh... You are fast!
*Sparks flew, metal clashed against metal.*
Shouichi: Whoa, looks like Wanko's back on the attack.
Gakuto: Then Chris can't get into range.
*As she desperately parried the storm of strikes, Chris's eyes never left her foe.*
Miyako: You're right. Any attempt to move in would be the end of her.
Miyako: The old Wanko would've lost focus and exposed herself, but...
Yukie: There's none of that now. Chris cannot possibly counterattack.
Yukie: Normally, that would give her no choice but to retreat. But today...
Kazuko: Ts... My shoulder!
Chris: I knew it!
*The moment the pain in Wanko's shoulder dulled her movements--*
Chris: Your attacks are sometimes lacking!
*Chris charged resolutely.*
Kazuko: So what?! Deyah!
*Kazuko blocked the rapier with her naginata.*
*But the force of the thrust pushed both of them back to center-ring.*
Kazuko: Gh! Uh-oh!
*She was in range for a rapier strike.*
*Chris had come too close.*
Chris: Now it is my turn!
Jun: Now we've got Chris with a quick series of stabs!
*The narrow blade stabbed again and again, a rain of thrusts pelting Kazuko.*
Kazuko: Ow--Gh...
*As if her sword danced upon her foe.*
Kazuko: I can't parry them all...: Ugh!
*One blow hit her arm. Another, her leg.*
Shouichi: Damn, she's going at her like a machine gun.
Gakuto: Chris's gonna slice her and dice her!
Miyako: You're right. She needs to put some distance between them, but...
Chris: I will not let you recover!
*Chris stepped forward as she attacked, not letting her foe reestablish distance.*
Hideo: Kazuko-dono?!
Azumi: ...Chris, you capitalized on that tiny mistake and really pushed the attack... I didn't think you had it in you.
Kazuko: Gh, u-ugh...
*She suffered another vicious blow.*
Kazuko: Ugh?!
*Knocking her off her feet.*
Chris: Victory is mine!
*Chris coiled her body, charging the final attack.*
Margit: That there is the stance Frau Chris takes to deliver the finishing blow.
Hideo: Ngh. No!
Chris:  Point-Blank Stab!
Kazuko: Waaahhhh!
*The fierce blow sent Kazuko flying.*
Tadakatsu: Kazuko!
Shouichi: Hey, hey, you just knocked her clean off her feet!
Jun: Ooh, that's got to hurt! Is that it?
Chris: ...It must be.
*But as her body slammed into the ground, Kazuko whispered...*
Kazuko: ...We're... spaced...
Chris: ......?
Kazuko: We're... spaced out... now...
Chris: What are you saying?
Kazuko: Thanks for knocking me away from you-- *cough*
Kazuko: You're right... where me and my naginata... want you.
Chris: You stood back up?
Chris: (Pain from the first blow to my side flared when I coiled my body. Did that stop me from building up sufficient power?)
Momoyo: Wanko also focused her ki on the places where the sword struck.
Momoyo: That should've deflected some of the damage.
Chris: How shameful of me, to fail to build up sufficient power on my finishing blow.
Kazuko: Now it's my turn!
Kazuko: I'll take you down with my own finishing move!
Yamato: H-Hey!
*She was going to use that here? Now?*
*With Momo-senpai watching?*
Yamato: But that said...
*Wanko had suffered too much damage already.*
*This wasn't the time to be holding back.*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate...
*Kazuko took her stance once more.*
Chris: ...?!
*All as the air around the two fighters instantly tensed up.*
Chris: What the...?
*She had hurt Kazuko badly, so how could she generate so much energy?*
*How were Kazuko's muscles humming with power?*
Chris: Your stance... It looks the same as before, yet... Different.
*Her every instinct screamed of danger.*
*Sweat flooded her brow.*
Margit: Frau Chris, beware!
Chris: Yes, she is finally using her final attack.
*The very air shook under the pressure.*
Chris: I am aware of the danger! Yet I cannot flee.
Chris: I will face her head-on, contest her head-on!
Chris: (I have already seen through your attacks!)
Chris: (No matter what strike you have ready, I will dodge!)
*And so Chris gallantly stepped into danger.*
Kazuko:  A-gi-to!
*The upswing whooshed at Chris.*
*Like a geyser bursting up from the earth--*
Chris: (You are fast, but not fast enough!)
*Chris dodged it literally by a hair's breadth.*
Chris: You are m--
*Only in the same instant for the second swing, the lightning bolt from above, to race down at her.*
Chris: A second swing?!
Chris: Guh!
*The tremendous downswing slew Chris.*
Hideo: Splendid! She finished off her opponent.
*But before Wanko could recover from the cooldown...*
Chris: Haahh!
Kazuko: Gah!
*Chris somehow, despite her wounds, fired off one last, fatal blow.*
Jun: Did Chris lose the battle to win the war? What a counter!
Hideo: Absurd. That ought to have been the end. Azumi?
Azumi: I agree. She struck with the tip of the naginata, but it should have still been strong enough.
Chris: ...My collarbone would have been broken by that strike, were it not for this.
*Chris pulled the broken fragments of something metal out from under her shirt.*
Margit: Then my charm served its purpose.
Chris: That was a magnificent move, Dog.
Kazuko: Gah... *cough* gh... So you wore armor.
Jun: Chris has emerged unscathed after firing off her counter attack! Poor Kawakami just can't catch a break!
Momoyo: She actually learned Agito...?
Momoyo: But she lost control of it. The first hit should break the enemy's guard, while the second breaks their body.
Momoyo: Bad luck played a part, but better skill would have overcome that.
Lu: (This is bad. She's defenseless during the cooldown period... She can't afford to take another a hit like that.)
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... I'm... Not... Done... Yet!
*Kazuko staggered back to her feet.*
Yukie: Ahh, but she's taken too much damage.
Shouichi: This doesn't look good for her, while Chris still has some gas left in the tank.
Kazuko: Huff, huff... I... won't... LOSE!
Shouichi: Wanko, she's... She's barely even standing.
Kazuko: Deyahh!
*A powerful, pounding strike.*
*The naginata slammed into the earth, a cloud of dust rising from the impact sight.*
Chris: There!
*Chris dodged with a dancer's grace and thrust at Kazuko's leg.*
Kazuko: Gih!
*The pain forced her to her knees.*
Kazuko: Not... YET!
*She swung her naginata up.*
Chris: Seh!
*Which Chris defended with her rapier.*
*She parried the blow, letting it swing in full off to the side.*
Chris: Seigh!
*Then fiercely kicked Kazuko in the face.*
Kazuko: Guh... Ugh!
*Yet Kazuko didn't let herself flinch.*
Chris: Haah!
*With space between them, Chris dashed in for the attack.*
Kazuko: What?!
*Kazuko blocked the thrust.*
Chris: Hut!
*Chris followed up with a snap kick.*
Kazuko: Agh!
Jun: Whoa! Another kick landed!
Shouichi: She's blockin' the rapier as best she can, but Chris keeps following up with kicks. What's Kazuko supposed to do?
Yukie: I can't imagine she has any strength left...
Lu: Kazuko...
Hideo: Nnngh... Has Kazuko-dono no recourse?!
Kazuko: I-I won't give up!
*Again she stood. Fire raged in her eyes.*
Kazuko: Raaahhhhh!
*An attack without rhyme or reason.*
*Chris stood poised. She knew full well what her foe could do, and knew how to handle it.*
*With a surgeon's cool precision, she parried every blow as she closed the distance.*
Chris: It is over!
*A thud echoed through the arena.*
*The thud of Chris's rapier striking Kazuko's chest.*
Kazuko: ...Oof.
*And Kazuko crumpled on the spot.*
Jun: She's down! And that's the match!
*Cheers enveloped the fighters.*
Spectator A: Damn, that was awesome!
Spectator B: And the loser put up a good fight!
Chika: Wow, I know Wanko lost and all, but that was so cool!
Mayo: Yes, I respect her a lot.
Haguro: So like, that's what a girl can do when she got a dream? Daaymn.
*As the crowd broke into applause.*
Chris: What is it, judge?
Tesshin: I don't believe you've beaten her.
Chris: Hm?
Kazuko: ...I'm... Still... In... This!
*Kazuko gritted her teeth as she stood.*
Shouichi: I knew she wouldn't stay down. She's got that uncrushable spirit.
Shouichi: ...But that alone won't get her the win.
Takuya: Is this really the right time to be so stubborn?
Gakuto: She doesn't wanna lose. What more reason do you need, man?
Miyako: ...Wanko.
Chris: Dog! I will welcome a rematch whenever you are able!
Chris: But rest now. I know you are too hurt to fight on.
Kazuko: ...A rematch?
Kazuko: We don't know if there'll even be a next time!
Kazuko: It's now, and I'm not holding back!!!
Kazuko: I'll fight, and keep fighting, 'cause I don't want any regrets!!!
Chris: ...Your eyes show such determination.
Chris: So I will answer your passion in kind.
Yamato: (Dammit. How's she supposed to get out of this?)
Yamato: (I have to find her a way to win.)
Yamato: (Maybe some way to tell Chris the truth?)
Yamato: (No, Chris won't go easy on her.)
*Was this even a match anymore?*
Kazuko: Haahhhh!
*Chris dodged Wanko's attacks and struck back.*
Kazuko: Gh... No... I cant still fight!
Kazuko: Deyah!
Chris: Too slow!
Kazuko: Ugh! *cough* *cough* *cough*...
*The same sequence of events, over and over.*
*Everyone could sense that Kazuko neared her limit.*
Chika: Umm... Is this even a match anymore?
Mayo: I feel so sorry for her. I can't watch.
Haguro: What's that referee even thinking?
Tesshin: (The flames still burn in Kazuko's eyes.)
Tesshin: (So fight on, fight until your flesh finally fails you.)
Kazuko: Haahh!
*Kazuko slashed again, but Chris easily dodged.*
*Before Kazuko could put up a defense, Chris connected a thunderous kick.*
Kazuko: Gahh...
*Kazuko rolled like a ball across the ring.*
Spectator A: Heck, when the poor girl can barely even stand, why's the blond girl still going all-out?
Spectator B: What is she, some kind of bully?
*Cried more than a few spectators. They could not believe what was unfolding before them.*
Momoyo: All of you, not another word to Kuri... to Chris!
Momoyo: My sister, Kawakami Kazuko, she's fighting with everything she's got!
Momoyo: Chris is showing that determination the respect it deserves.
Momoyo: No restraint, no pity, just a true and honest show of strength.
Momoyo: There is no better way to show an opponent respect...
Momoyo: So I don't want to hear another bad word about Chris!
Spectator A: ...B-But c'mon...
Spectator B: Your sister's getting beat up out there, and you don't even feel nothing?
Jun: Hey! Did I hear something?!
Spectator B: Eek! I'm sorry!
Jun: Sheesh. You want me to deal with him later, Senpai?
Jun: ...Senpai?
Momoyo: ......
Jun: (I don't know what's going on, but I'll turn off her mic.)
Momoyo: ...Of course this hurts.
*Her beloved sister's dream was coming to an end.*
*Momoyo clenched her fist. Dug her nails into her skin.*
Momoyo: ...Wanko...
*Old memories from their childhood came back to her.*
*Kazuko had said she wanted to shine as brightly as her.*
*The life of training was harsh, but fun.*
Momoyo: One, Two! One, Two!
Kazuko: One, Two! One, Two!
Momoyo: (In the end, she did all the forms...)
Momoyo: (I thought she'd give up after a few days, but...)
Kazuko: One, Two! One, Two!
Momoyo: Hey, Wanko, you're done. Rest.
Kazuko: S-So what? I'm just getting started!
Kazuko: I... I can do this!
Momoyo: You're gonna knock yourself out.
Kazuko: I-I'll be fine!
Momoyo: You look pretty bad.
Kazuko: Honestly, it's... Hard. But!
*She had a bucket beside her, ready for her to throw up into.*
Kazuko: I decided martial arts would be the one thing I'd never give up on!
Kazuko: I know I'm stupid, and my hands are so clumsy.
Kazuko: But martial arts is going to be different!
Kazuko: I'm going to be strong enough to be proud of myself!
Kazuko: As strong as you, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: You really think I'm worth admiring?
Kazuko: Yeah!
Kazuko: It's like, you shine as bright as a star!
Kazuko: I want to shine like that too!
Kazuko: And that means I have to work hard!
Momoyo: ...You'll poop blood again if you keep going.
Kazuko: I have to go that hard, or none of this means anything!
Momoyo: ...Haha. If you're that determined, then let's go.
Momoyo: See if you can do as many reps as me.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
*...And she'd matched her, no matter what the training was.*
*No one had worked harder.*
*Nevertheless, she hadn't been blessed with world-class talent.*
Momoyo: Wanko... I'm sorry.
Momoyo: I want to pass you, I do...
Momoyo: ...But if this is all you can do, I can't...
Jun: Senpai...
*Yet Kazuko still wouldn't stay down.*
Kazuko: Gh... Ooh... I... Won't lose...
Chris: I need to knock you clean out of the ring.
Kazuko: ...Hah hah...
Chris: ...That failed? Then I will have to hit you with my strongest move.
Chris: But if I did, you would use that moment to strike me down instead.
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Chris: Even now, you are still waiting for an opportunity.
Chris: I respect you, Dog... No. You are a warrior, Kazuko.
Chris: But I will yet win this fight!
*Chris kicked Kazuko with merciless perfection, flinging her body across the ring.*
Kazuko: Nngh... Kh! *cough*...
Kazuko: ...Not... yet...
Tesshin: (Is that it? Surely her body can take no more.)
Kazuko: I-I can't... Not like this!
*Yet still she tried to stand.*
*But this time, she couldn't.*
Kazuko: Gh... GUTS!
*Willpower alone brought her to her feet.*
Kazuko: Huh?
*Only to lose her balance and tumble to the ground.*
Kazuko: N-Not yet...
Hideo: Enough!
Hideo: That is surely enough! Referee, end the match!
Tesshin: ...Kazuko. You done?
Kazuko: ......No!
Tesshin: It's over.
Kazuko: No... No...
Tesshin: ...Kazuko.
Tesshin: There, there... You did well. (He stroked her hair.)
Kazuko: ...Grandpa?
Tesshin: You put in amazing effort, more than I ever imagined you could. I'm proud of you.
Tesshin: But sometimes, that just isn't enough.
Tesshin: You don't have the talent for martial arts. You need to accept that.
Kazuko: Ah...
Tadakatsu: Hey! Guys!
Shouichi: Whoa, Gen-san?! You cut your way through the crowd just to get to us?
Tadakatsu: Kazuko's not makin' any sense.
Tadakatsu: This ain't just some regular old match. You know anything?
Gakuto: Huh? Isn't she just up against her rival?
Takuya: We haven't heard anything beyond that.
Tadakatsu: Like hell it is. You saw how desperate she looked.
Miyako: ...That's not the whole truth.
Yukie: Miyako-san?
Miyako: Now that the match is over, I'll tell you. You see...
*Miyako explained how Kazuko had gambled her dream on this tournament.*
Takuya: No... way... No wonder she was so desperate.
Gakuto: Dammit Chris, why did you have to go and do that?
Shouichi: It's no fault of hers. She didn't know.
Miyako: If anything, she's going to beat herself up when she finds out.
Yukie: Oh, Kazuko-san...
Tadakatsu: ...Kazuko...
Tadakatsu: Oh? Is she whispering something?
Kazuko: I walk the endless wilds before me...
Kazuko: There are no miracles, no path to guide me, only the night.
Azumi: ...I've received intel on what they're saying, Hideo-sama.
Hideo: Speak it. Of what dire thing do they speak?
Azumi: But sir, this is--
Hideo: We care not. Speak.
Azumi: The truth is, her dreams depended on her... (She explained the situation.)
Hideo: ...Then, with Kazuko-dono's defeat, has her dream been cut off for all eternity?
Azumi: Yes...
Hideo: ...Nm.
Hideo: No! How could this be?!
Hideo: She has worked hard, devoted herself to her path. How can fate possibly be this cruel?!
Yamato: ...Wanko...
Yamato: I have to go cheer her up!
*Everyone here was convinced of Kazuko's defeat.*
*All that was left was for the referee to declare Chris the winner.*
Tesshin: I have judged Kawakami Kazuko unable to continue fighting. The winner is--
*However...*
Kazuko: But my unwavering will... shall provide...
Kazuko: As I journey on into the darkness...: Keep pushing forward!
*Kazuko stood once more.*
Kazuko: I... can still... fight...
Kazuko: If my guts aren't good enough... Then how about the Soul of Kawakami?
Tesshin: Kazuko...
*Even the great Tesshin himself told her to surrender the fight, yet Wanko stood.*
Kazuko: That... was rude.
Tesshin: Kazuko?
Kazuko: You go on and on about who has talent and who doesn't.
Kazuko: If I lose like this, I'll be so frustrated, feel so pathetic...
Kazuko: That I'll never be able to hold my head up to Onee-sama!
Momoyo: ......
Kazuko: You're not the only ones with pride!
Tesshin: That's enough, Kazuko. You can't fight anymore.
Kazuko: It's all right. Somebody else says otherwise.
Tesshin: And who is that?
Kazuko: My body, right here.
Tesshin: Kazuko--
Kazuko: It knows me better than anyone.
Kazuko: (Yeah, we've gone through all of this together... And it says it's willing to fight on.)
Kazuko: (So... I'll fight! I don't care what anybody else says!)
*After all the hours she'd spent training her body, she trusted it more than anything.*
*So she could still fight. She could take down her opponent.*
Kazuko: The match is still on, Christiane Friedrich!
*Chris had no malice in her words.*
*For she was faced with the determination of a warrior.*
Chris: ......I am glad I came to Japan.
Chris: I finally found a worthy match.
Chris: Kawakami Kazuko, I will defeat you with every ounce of strength I have.
*Chris took her stance.*
Kazuko: ...Yeah!
*And Kazuko settled into hers.*
*She knew her foe would attack with all her might.*
*Yet Kazuko felt strangely calm.*
Kazuko: (All this time, I've trained as hard as I could...)
Kazuko: (Overcoming every drill, every day...)
Kazuko: (So now that the time's come, my body came through for me.)
*Her limit had come and past, yet her body still moved.*
*It wasn't the result of some miracle. It was her hard work and diligence.*
Kazuko: So... with the gratitude I have for my body...
Kazuko: My determination! My pride! And everything left!!!
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate: Agito!
Chris: Here I go!!!
Kazuko: Seyaaaahhhhh!!!
*She put in everything, her very soul, into that attack.*
*But Chris, calm and collected, saw the sharp blade coming.*
Chris: Now! Block and parry!
Chris: My rapier!
*That attack, infused with an ear-splitting kiai, smashed Chris's rapier and sent fragments hurtling up into the air.*
Momoyo: Her weapon's destroyed! The rapier had reached its limit!
*Meanwhile, the second strike came from above.*
*A lightning blow Chris could not defend against.*
Chris: --Gh!
*Silence fell over the crowd.*
Chris: ......Splendid.
*With that single word, Chris fell.*
Kazuko: ...I... did... it...
*In some corner of Kazuko's mind she could feel her vision waver.*
Kazuko: Wah...?
*She colapsed onto the floor.*
*Their bodies were both lifeless.*
Tesshin: Double K.O.!
Tesshin: We have no winner! Medics, take Chris and Wanko to the clinic!
*Her tournament was over...*
*...That was the last thought she had as her consciousness faded.*
*......*
*......*
Kazuko: ...?!
Kazuko: Ouch!
Yamato: Wanko! Wow, you're awake already?
Miyako: You shouldn't push yourself.
Kazuko: Everyone...
Kazuko: The tournament! What about the tournament?!
Takuya: ...They're having the finals right now.
Kazuko: The... Finals?
Shouichi: The fight's not even worth watching, it's so boring.
Shouichi: You going up against Chris was the real climax.
Kazuko: Right... I...
Momoyo: You took each other out in the third round.
Kazuko: Onee-sama!
Momoyo: You couldn't have won with those injuries. Even if you had, you never would have hit me.
Kazuko: ......
Takuya: Shouldn't you be providing color commentary?
Momoyo: Oh, even the play-by-play's been dropped.
Momoyo: Officially, I'm warming up for the exhibition.
Kazuko: ...Um.
Shouichi: Wanko, word is it's gonna take you all of a week to heal from all that.
Shouichi: Sheesh, you've got bones of steel. What do you eat?
Yukie: Th-They had to take Chris to the hospital.
Yukie: It's going to take about a month for her shoulder to heal.
Miyako: We sent Gakuto with her, just in case.
Kazuko: Onee-sama... The test -- I...
Momoyo: You failed.
Yamato: ......
*It was as if a dark cloud descended on us.*
Momoyo: ...You know that's that.
Kazuko: I...
Momoyo: You worked so hard. I'm proud of you.
Momoyo: But now it's time to find a new path.
Kazuko: ...Ooh... Gh...
Yukie: Where are you going? You can't move about, not with those injuries!
Kazuko: Move!
Yukie: I will not!
Momoyo: It's fine. Let her through.
Yukie: ......?
Momoyo: I'm sure you want to be alone right now.
Kazuko: --!
*Wanko ran off.*
Momoyo: ......
Yamato: ...No, we can't leave her by herself.
Shouichi: Darn right we can't. Let's go!
*The two of us chased after her.*
Momoyo: ...Our two oldest members have known Wanko too long. They can't help but care for her.
Takuya: Momo-senpai! Can't you do something about this?
Momoyo: Something? About what?
Takuya: About Wanko's test!
Takuya: Sure she didn't make it to you, but she brilliantly defeated her rival, Chris!
Takuya: Doesn't that mean she has the sense for martial arts?!
Takuya: This isn't fair to Wanko!
Takuya: I mean, she's been training all this time!
Takuya: She's always -- always! -- talking about becoming stronger, about becoming like you.
Takuya: That can't end. Not like this!
Takuya: Miyako! Mayucchi! Tell me I'm wrong!
Takuya: Nobody anticipated Chris would participate in this. Doesn't that change things?
Yukie: Uh, I guess, I...
Yukie: I think so too!
Yukie: But... If this is what they agreed to beforehand...
Yukie: Then I don't think there's anything to be done.
Takuya: Ts...! Wow.
Takuya: You're cold, Mayucchi... Let me guess.
Takuya: You don't even care about Wanko's dream, do you? After all, you've only been with us for a few months.
Yukie: Ah! No, never!
Yukie: I wish there was something we could do too!
Yukie: B-But... This was her test, so...
Takuya: Aren't you supposed to be her friend?!
Yukie: Aww!
Takuya: That's why you're always--
Miyako: Stop that! Can't you see she's crying?
Takuya: Oh, uh... Sorry.
Yukie: Ugh... Oooh...
Momoyo: Well, aren't you kind, Mororo.
Momoyo: But you know, an assistant master at Kawakami Temple is a professional martial artist.
Momoyo: And a pro has to be able to post results.
Momoyo: Wanko couldn't... That's all there is to it.
Miyako: ...Mayucchi's going through the same dilemma, torn between how she feels about Wanko and the hard truth.
Miyako: And I mean... I want to do something too.
Takuya: Th-Then... Then let's do something, together.
Yukie: Even if this chance is over and done with, couldn't you give her one last opportunity?
Miyako: Yeah... That's the only way.
Takuya: Y-Yeah!
Takuya: Can't you give her another chance?!
Takuya: With how hard she's working, she's bound to fulfill her dream someday!
Takuya: So Senpai! Give Wanko another chance!
Momoyo: ...I don't think so.
Takuya: Senpai...
Jun: Momo-senpai, it's time for the exhibition!
Jun: Though there's talk of a bonus exhibition between you and Kawakami Tesshin.
Momoyo: Yeah, let's go.
Momoyo: I'll show Wanko the pinnacle of martial arts that she's dreamed of.
Momoyo: ...I'll be back after.
*.........*
*Wanko ran all the way to the back of the Kawakami Temple, where she could be fully alone.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff. *cough* *cough*
Yamato: Hey, Wanko. Don't push yourself when your body can't take it.
Shouichi: If you don't rest up, you're gonna make things worse!
Kazuko: ...Huff, huff... Yamato...
Yamato: Hm?
Kazuko: I'm sorry... I couldn't pass the test.
Yamato: You did your best.
Kazuko: But my best... wasn't good enough.
Kazuko: ...I worked so hard too.
Kazuko: But... I failed.
Kazuko: Back when we were little, everyone said that, if you worked hard, your dreams would come true. I guess they were lying.
Yamato: Wanko...
Shouichi: The heck?! Back towards the arena, people are flying in midair!
*...At the arena.*
Jun: Wow, this is incredible!
Jun: It's a special exhibition match between the Kawakami Temple's strongest fighters!
Jun: A real, live match between Kawakami Momoyo and Kawakami Tesshin!
Jun: Their pupils have set up spirit barriers all around the arena.
Lu: I will be your referee.
Lu: Furthermore, since you are dueling in an urban environment, this match will be cut short after ten seconds.
Lu: The barrier won't hold any longer.
Momoyo: That's more than enough.
Tesshin: That it is.
*The two leapt into the air.*
Tesshin: Well then. Shall we?
Momoyo: Yeah.
Tesshin: Let's be flashy enough that Wanko can see it.
Momoyo: Time to light some fireworks, Gramps.
Lu:  ...Then begin!
Tesshin: Momo, try your hand against this Kawakami ultimate technique.
Momoyo: Bring it on, Gramps.
Tesshin:  Third Manifestation: Bishamonten!
*A giant foot stomped down from the heavens and squashed Momoyo.*
*The attack took a thousandth of a second so she couldn't get out from under it.*
*Then the winds swirled into a torando.*
Lu: Whoooooaaaa!
*Assistant Master Lu fired off a blast of ki, un-swirling the wind.*
Lu: This is why the whole world fears you, Kawakami Tesshin...
Lu: Because, using just your ki, you can summon and attack with the ancient gods made real.
*The entire crowd had been struck speechless.*
Momoyo: ...Damn you, gramps... Nice opening move.
Tesshin: Oh, that didn't hurt? The plan was to crush you.
Momoyo: It hurt plenty, but my flash healing got me back on my feet.
Momoyo: Now it's my turn! Get ready, gramps!
Tesshin: So be it. First Manifestation: Marishiten.
Momoyo: Nweh?! Everything around me's swaying? And it's hot...
Tesshin: Marishiten is heat waves made divine. Within, you cannot find me.
Tesshin: Let me end this now.
Tesshin: Zeroth Manifestiation: Ame-no-Minakanushi--
Momoyo: Screw that! Kawakami Explosion!
Tesshin: Nwuh?!
Tesshin: You self-destructed in order to blow away the heat waves?
Momoyo: Kawakami Phoenix Fury!
Tesshin: Interesting! Kawakami Phoenix Fury!
*Fist met fist in mid-air.*
*Momoyo's proved more powerful, knocking Tesshin back and away.*
Tesshin: Mmph...! Your youth has me beat in raw strength.
Momoyo: That's game. It's the dawn of a new age.
Tesshin: Don't be absurd. Ninth Manifestation: Amatsu-Mikaboshi!
Momoyo: You're dropping a space-rock on me?: Ultimate: Planetkiller!
*As the meteorite rocketed towards her, she blew it out of the sky with a pulse of energy.*
Tesshin: Now you're mine!
*Tesshin darted in and struck with a knifehand chop.*
*A chop that would send lightning through her body, disabling her regenerative powers.*
*A honed finishing strike...*
Momoyo: Kawakami Ultimate: Phoenix Fury!
*Momoyo blasted through with raw power.*
Tesshin: Ngh!
*Knocking Tesshin away.*
Lu: That's ten seconds -- both fighters, halt! No more techniques, please.
Tesshin: ...Ooh... Ngh...
Tesshin: You've really gotten strong, Momo. I felt that last one.
Momoyo: ...That was fun!
Momoyo: But this doesn't feel satisfying, not when I basically lost to your first attack.
Tesshin: Well, Bishamonten normally ends the match.
Tesshin: But that flash healing ability of yours is an underhanded technique.
Momoyo: If the match hadn't ended, I would've won.
Tesshin: I won't deny it. The victory is yours.
Momoyo: ...You're laughing this off. That's just one more reason...
Momoyo: I wanna keep going till the end.
Tesshin: You'll have to wait until I'm fully in shape.
Momoyo: ...I'll see you then. Don't get sick first.
*.........*
Shouichi: Holy... What was that, a movie or something?
Yamato: Those two are ridiculous.
Kazuko: ...Wow. Onee-sama really does shine so brilliantly.
Shouichi: Wanko...
Kazuko: I was silly to think I could ever be like her.
Yamato: (Oh, Nee-san wanted Wanko to see what top Kawakami Temple fighters could really do.)
Kazuko: That was my goal, to be like Onee-sama...
Kazuko: Ahaha. I guess I'm not that talented.
Kazuko: But of course I'm not. I'm not a real daughter of the Temple.
Kazuko: I wanted to prove that didn't matter...
Kazuko: But I don't have any talent after all... I'm not like Onee-sama, or Grandpa.
Yamato: ......
Kazuko: ...Before summer break, when Onee-sama first told me that, some part of me knew she was right.
Kazuko: But I couldn't accept that, not right away.
Kazuko: So I even went as far as to train in the mountains.
Kazuko: ...But I couldn't do it. Ahahaha.
Kazuko: I... just... Couldn't... Ooh.
Kazuko: I've been working at it, for so, so long, but... Oooh!
Kazuko: Kh, ooh... Ah, ahhh, ahhh...
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhh!
Yamato: Wanko...
Kazuko: Let go of me! Leave me alone!
Kazuko: Waaaaahhhhhhh!
*For the first time in ages, Wanko cried.*
*It was a lamentation of her soul.*
Shouichi: ...You're gonna dry yourself out, cryin' that much.
Shouichi: I'll go buy a drink! And bring a towel!
Yamato: Okay...
Kazuko: Ahhh, ahhh...
Kazuko: Ahhhhhh...
*Something in her had broken.*
Kazuko: Waaahhhhhhhhhh!
*Wanko cried and cried.*
Yamato: I can't just watch...
*I embraced her.*
Kazuko: Ooooh!
*She didn't try to shake me off.*
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhh...
*Just sobbed.*
Yamato: For now, you can rest.
Yamato: I'm not going anywhere.
*So ended a dream of a girl.*
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: ...Kazuko, don't cry so sadly...
*All I could do was hug her.*
*She probably couldn't even feel my arms...*
*But I would at least be with her.*
*Today was the start of the fall semester.*
*But Wanko and Chris were nowhere to be seen.*
Chika: Can you blame them? They were both totally awesome during yesterday's match.
Mitsuru: That was so moving. I got hungry just watching them.
Mayo: Isn't Chris-chan in the hospital?
Mayo: I wonder where they sent her.
Yamato: It's not even in Japan. They sent her overseas.
Yamato: Her father is making sure she gets cutting-edge medical care.
Mayo: Then that means we can't go visit her.
Haguro: Really? Then like, is she even gonna be back in time for the school trip?
Haguro: There's nothin' to be done. That last attack totally looked like it hurt.
Chika: How's Wanko holding up?
Yamato: She got off a lot lighter than Chris.
Mayo: Wow. And she suffered a lot more hits too.
Chika: Well, it has only been one day.
Yamato: Yeah... Her wounds haven't healed yet.
*But the wounds on her heart had cut far deeper.*
*Would she be all right?*
*She wouldn't answer her phone, and wouldn't leave her room either.*
*What a gloomy start to the semester.*
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
Monk: So Kazuko-dono isn't coming out of her room after all.
Monk: It's a crime to lose that smile.
Monk: We have to do something for her...
Lu: We've done enough.
Monk: But, Assistant Master, you can't be okay with this.
Lu: I am as sad as you...
Lu: However, the more you press her, the more miserable she will grow.
Monk: But...
Lu: Kazuko!
Lu: Come, jog with me and we can talk along the way.
Lu: Even though you can't become an assistant master, you can still continue to train. Building up your strength is a wonderful thing!
Lu: ...Huh? I don't sense her aura within.
*.........*
*Kazuko plodded her way through the dark city streets.*
*She had no goal, no destination in mind. She simply aimlessly dragged herself wherever her feet took her.*
Kazuko: ......Ugh.
Playboy: Ooh, hot chick ahead!
Playboy 2: Oh, yay! Check her out!
Kazuko: Hmm?
Playboy: Hey, cute thing. What's got you down?
Kazuko: ...Nothing...
Playboy 2:  Where did you come from, Cotton-eyed yay!
Kazuko: Just where did I come from?
Kazuko: I wish I knew...
Playboy: What's wrong? Walkin' a trail of tears?
Kazuko: It's not like I have a place at the Temple, when I don't have any martial arts talent.
Kazuko: What talent do I have...?
Kazuko: What even am I? Who am I?
Playboy: Yo, this chick's nuts!
Playboy 2: She's still hot enough to go for. Check her out, yo!
Playboy: No wonder you're the Virgin Hunter DJ Zukorial.
Playboy 2: Hey, you feeling down? I'll take you 'round town We'll drown that frown with some clownin' around!
Playboy: Yeah. So hey, where you wanna go?
Kazuko: Where... to go?
Kazuko: Yeah... Where do I go?
Playboy: Huh?
Kazuko: Where am I supposed to go now?!
Playboy 2: Calm your tits, clam your tips, and don't lie! Deep breaths, girl.
Kazuko: What... Am I supposed to do now?
Playboy 2: First step's going to a hotel with me!
Playboy: That was too direct! And you gotta keep up the rapper facade!
Playboy 2: Shut up! When a girl's got a hole in her heart, sometimes you just gotta drive your dick in there.
Tadakatsu: ...Yo.
Playboy 2: Eeek?!
Tadakatsu: Sorry, but she's a pal of mine.
Tadakatsu: Go find someone else.
Playboy: S-Sure, whatever you want.
Playboy 2: Wh-What, you're givin' up?
Playboy: You can't score when she's got a guy with her! 'Sides, you see that guy? (He glanced over at him.)
Playboy: He's fuckin' strong. It'd take an idiot to fight him.
Tadakatsu: ...This where you've been wanderin'? I've been lookin' all over.
Kazuko: ...Ta-chan?
Tadakatsu: Get back to the Kawakami Temple.
Tadakatsu: You're a disaster waitin' to happen out here.
Kazuko: ...Even if I go back...
Kazuko: I don't think I'd belong there anymore.
Tadakatsu: What're you on? Like hell there ain't.
Kazuko: Sure, but... I don't even want to hear the words 'martial arts' anymore.
Kazuko: And martial arts is everything there.
Kazuko: Ahh...
Tadakatsu: ...Figure that shit out once you're home.
Kazuko: Hey... So Ta-chan?
Tadakatsu: Hmm?
Kazuko: Does it ever bother you that your parents abandoned you?
Tadakatsu: Fuck no. We've been over this.
Kazuko: Yeah... Hmm.
Kazuko: It's started bothering me.
Tadakatsu: And why's that?
Kazuko: I'm wondering who I am.
Kazuko: Like, if my dad were a star baseball player, I'd have a knack for baseball.
Kazuko: You know, something like that.
Tadakatsu: Oh... You're at that age, ain't ya?
Kazuko: Yeah...
Kazuko: Ugh.....
Tadakatsu: Look, there's one thing I can say for sure.
Kazuko: ......?
Tadakatsu: Listen, you're dead tired right now.
Tadakatsu: Get yourself some rest. Sleep like a log, ya hear? (He patted her head.)
Kazuko: ...'Kay.
Tadakatsu: You got everyone worried sick at the Temple.
Kazuko: Yeah.
Tadakatsu: ......
*.........*
Kazuko: I grew up in the White Home.
Kazuko: Yeah, it was in the suburbs of City H in Prefecture A.
Kazuko: It was so cold there...
Kazuko: ...Okay!
Yamato: Wanko left and didn't come back?!
Momoyo: Yeah. When I noticed she was gone, I figured she was out for a walk.
Momoyo: But then I found this in her room.
Yamato: 'To Whoever Finds This'
Momoyo: Read it.
Miyako: 'Please don't look for me. --Kazuko.'
Takuya: Wait... Doesn't this mean she ran away from home?!
Momoyo: Has she shown up at your place?
Yukie: She hasn't come to the dorm!
Gakuto: Nor have I seen her at my house.
Takuya: Same here.
Momoyo: ...Then where is she?
Yamato: Let's blow the whistle.
Yamato: Once she hears that, no matter what state she's in, she'll come running.
Miyako: That's how we trained her -- to come on reflex.
Momoyo: Right, I'll blow it.
*Nee-san blew the dog whistle.*
Shouichi: ...Nothing's happening. Let me give mine a shot.
Miyako: Let's all blow at once.
*The dog whistles echoed about.*
*...But Wanko didn't come.*
Momoyo: What's going on, Yamato?
Yamato: Either she's out of range, or she's choosing not to come.
Momoyo: What does that mean?!
Yamato: Calm down, Nee-san. I'll ask my classmates.
Yamato: You contact your relatives.
Momoyo: ...You're right. I'll try everyone I can think of.
Miyako: Also, let's see if anything's missing from her room.
Miyako: If there's a lot missing, then maybe she did run away from home.
Momoyo: ...I'll find that out right now.
*Nee-san headed home.*
Yukie: Come to think of it, I haven't seen Minamoto-san today either.
Takuya: Oh, do you think that's related?
Yamato: Yeah, so I'm calling him right now.
Gakuto: How did you ever get him to tell you his number?!
Yamato: With a little persistence.
Tadakatsu: Tch. Fine, I'll tell you.
Tadakatsu: But don't get me wrong. It ain't like I wanna be friends or nothin'. I just want you to shut up.
Yamato: ...It went something like that.
Gakuto: Nice.
Yamato: ...No luck. I'm just getting the standard no-reception message.
Takuya: Oh...
Shouichi: That she's not answering the whistle doesn't seem right to me.
Yamato: ...What's happened to her?
Shouichi: For now, let's gather all the information we can, then meet back up at noon.
*Everyone agreed.*
*--Noon, on the rooftop.*
Shouichi: Nobody's even got a clue?!
Momoyo: None of our relatives know anything.
Momoyo: ...And she hasn't come back to the Temple either.
Gakuto: Chikarin doesn't have a clue either.
Gakuto: Nor anyone in 2-F, as far as I can tell.
Takuya: No luck with Ms. Ume either.
Yukie: I tried to search for Kazuko-san's aura...
Yukie: But I'm sorry. I can only search up to a three-kilometer radius.
Momoyo: You can scan up to three kilometers away? That's amazing.
Yukie: I am good at it, but still...
Momoyo: She took a few sets of clothes, but that was it.
Miyako: Mmm.
Momoyo: So no one has any ideas...
Momoyo: What do you think this means?
Shouichi: I'm just guessing here, but...
Shouichi: Maybe she went on one of those journeys you go on to find yourself?
Momoyo: You think so?
Shouichi: She gambled on a dream, and had it crushed.
Shouichi: Now she's got no idea what she's supposed to do.
Shouichi: So off she wanders, to find her purpose.
Takuya: Yeah, that kind of makes sense.
Yamato: Heck, what else could it be?
Yamato: There's no way she was kidnapped or anything. She's too strong.
Takuya: ...Well, right now, I'm more worried about her heart.
Momoyo: ...Yeah.
Momoyo: But either way, we can't be sure...
Momoyo: Wanko... You could at least call us.
Yamato: I wish I'd put a GPS tracker on her phone.
Momoyo: Oh, she left her phone in her room anyways.
Miyako: ...Hmmm...
Takuya: Let's say she did leave to find herself.
Takuya: If so, then shouldn't we leave her alone?
*Well...*
Leave her be
Go be with her
I don't know what to do
Yamato: Maybe... Maybe you're right.
Miyako: No, he isn't.
Yamato: Wouldn't it be dangerous to leave her alone?
Miyako: Yeah, Yamato's completely right.
Yamato: ...I don't know.
Miyako: I think I do.
Yamato: Miyako?
Miyako: We absolutely can't leave her alone.
Miyako: She's lost her pillar.
Miyako: If I were in her shoes and you left me alone, then... it wouldn't end well.
Momoyo: ...Let's find her!
Momoyo: Assistant Master Lu and Gramps will help too.
Shouichi: Hold up! I'm helping out too!
Yukie: As will I!
Takuya: Ah, there they go. Wait -- how're they moving so fast?!
Miyako: I'm impressed Capt can keep up with those two.
Takuya: He must be worried about Wanko.
Takuya: There's almost no one in our group as close as those two.
Gakuto: What about you, Yamato?
Yamato: ...I'll going to see Mr. Beard.
Gakuto: What's he got to do with any of this?
Yamato: He's a good source of information.
Miyako: Wanko... I can't believe you'd worry us all sick.
Miyako: Someone needs to teach her a lesson once she's back. Namely, me.
Takuya: Hahaha, yeah. You tell her.
Miyako: The curtains will open on a public spanking.
Takuya: Brr, that's terrifying.
*In the end, Wanko didn't come home yesterday.*
Momoyo: We teamed up to search for her aura, but she's nowhere in Kanto.
Takuya: Y-You searched that far? Wow.
Momoyo: Though now everyone's worn out.
Yukie: Yet we couldn't find her.
Matsukaze: I ain't caught no whiff of her either. Sorry.
Momoyo: So where did she go?
Yamato: About that...
Hideo: You there! Kazuko-dono still remains missing?!
Azumi: Hope you don't mind if we join you
Miyako: There they go again...
Hideo: We cannot doubt that Kazuko-dono's heart has been grievously wounded.
Hideo: If only We could hold hold the maiden in Our arms!
Shouichi: You rich people really know how to get the news fast.
Hideo: Do not be silly. Given the wide-scale search you commoners engaged in, We could not have hoped to remain ignorant.
Hideo: If you have no leads, then We will activate the Kuki Information C--
Yamato: Nah, I've got a lead.
Hideo: Nwuh?
Yamato: An orphanage called the White Home, in the outskirts of H City in A Prefecture.
Yamato: She's probably somewhere around there.
Momoyo: She went back to the orphanage?
Yamato: The strongest evidence is that Gen-san's gone too.
Yamato: He probably figured it out first and ran straight after her.
Shouichi: Did you get in touch with him?
Yamato: Yeah, last night. Gen-san's there too.
Miyako: Huh? I had that idea too, but...
Miyako: I looked it up. That orphanage closed down this year.
Yamato: Yeah... I learned that yesterday too.
Yamato: Strictly speaking, it switched over into a nursing home.
Yamato: But... Wanko didn't know that.
Yamato: Right about now, I figure she's wandering the site and trying to think things through.
Shouichi: Makes sense. Where better to find herself?
Shouichi: Even though she was given up anonymously, maybe she figures she can find some clue or something?
Momoyo: ...Oh.
Momoyo: So the orphanage isn't there anymore...
Yamato: Those kinds of places come and go really quickly these days.
Takuya: So Wanko even lost her destination.
Gakuto: How unlucky can you get?
Yukie: Then she truly is alone right now...
Shouichi: Gen-san hasn't found her yet?
Yamato: Nope. But he found someone who said they saw her, so... It's pretty likely she's there.
Momoyo: If you knew that yesterday, you should've told us yesterday!
Yamato: This is simply a theory. A probable one, but a theory all the same.
Yamato: If Wanko was in Kanto, you would've found her with the large-scale search yesterday, so I thought it's better to wait for the results of that.
Yamato: But if she's not in the area, then she's in A Prefecture for sure.
Momoyo: Great! I'm all set to run out the door!
Hideo: Pray wait. This situation demands haste.
Hideo: We shall take to the skies!
Azumi: Please enjoy your journey in the Kuki Family's customized helicopter.
Azumi: This helicopter is far faster than common sense would have you believe, and will arrive in A Prefecture in two hours
Hideo: Not even you, Goddess of War, can fly long distances. This will be faster.
Momoyo: You're giving us a ride?
Hideo: Kazuko-dono ought to be delighted to see her sister.
Momoyo: ...I owe you one.
Hideo: Think naught of it! Love would drive anyone to such lengths!
Yamato: You're a lifesaver!
Hideo: Think naught of it!
Hideo: Wait. Wherefore would you accompany Us, commoner?!
Yamato: I'm Wanko's guardian.
Yamato: I'm going to bring her back too!
Hideo: ...Mmph. Time is short. We suppose we could overlook a single commoner's presence.
Shouichi: He's not alone!
Hideo: Another boards Our craft?!
Shouichi: Today's the Friday Meeting!
Shouichi: So I gotta drag Wanko straight back here!
Yukie: And maybe I could help by searching for her?!
Miyako: You can't afford not to take advantage of my sharp eyes.
Gakuto: Tell me you got some hot flight attendants in here!
Takuya: Whoa, this really becomes crowded with everyone here.
Hideo: Are you all of a mind to ride?! You test Our generosity, commoners!
Yamato: That's a commoner's job! So please!
Umeko: Hey! What are you all doing up on the roof?!
Umeko: ...A high-speed helicopter? What are you doing?
History Teacher: This is a grave matter, yes!
Kyojin: Wow, they're really heading off. Ah, what I'd give to be young again.
Yamato: Ms. Ume!
Umeko: Naoe.
Yamato: The five of us will be skipping class today!
Umeko: The reason being?
Yamato: To bring our friend in, who's not feeling like coming to school.
Umeko: ...I see.
History Teacher: Silence! We will not let you go for such a reason, no!
History Teacher: Ms. Kojima, tell them to halt!
Umeko: We are going to have a nice, long conversation once you're back. Am I clear?!
Yamato: Crystal.
History Teacher: W-What are you saying?!
History Teacher: Mr. Usami! Will you stand for this?!
Kyojin: Man, these damn old-man eyes can't see a thing.
Yamato: Then we'll see you later!
Yamato: Please leave, now!
Azumi: Could you please not forget that you aren't in charge? 
Yamato: Uh, I'm sorry. (Whoa, I do not want to be on her bad side.)
Hideo: Nwuh! Circumstances have left Us with no choice!
Hideo: Go! And Heaven help you if you suffer from motion sickness!
Yamato: We're coming, Wanko!
*We set off into the big blue sky.*
*--The outskirts of H City, in A Prefecture.*
Prefecture Resident: Oh, that girl? She headed off towards the cape.
Tadakatsu: Thank you very much.
Prefecture Resident: Oh, that wasn't nothin'. Here, want an apple?
Tadakatsu: I'm near the end of the trail... I'll see you soon, Kazuko.
Tadakatsu: A chopper? ...It's flyin' damn low.
Tadakatsu: That symbol -- it's a Kuki chopper?!
Tadakatsu: Kuki Hideo's here?
Tadakatsu: Dammit... Give a man some peace.
Azumi: We're above our destination
Gakuto: Huh? But I didn't get my second cup of protein-enriched coffee yet.
Takuya: Gakuto, this isn't a pleasure cruise!
Yamato: Then let's split up and search for her.
Yamato: Those who can sense auras, search that way. Everyone else, use the dog whistles.
Hideo: We shall use sheer force of numbers. Azumi!
Azumi: Kuki Servant Corps, prepare for landfall!
*The maids donned their parachutes.*
Azumi: It's been far too long since I last jumped Not since Afghanistan, I think.
Maid 1: The terrain's fuckin' beautiful... Like that Hell from back then.
Maid 2: Stacy's having a flashback!
Azumi: Then we leave her. On my count: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
Azumi: Go
Momoyo: Kawakami Momoyo, heading out.
*Nee-san jumped wearing nothing but her clothes.*
Yamato: We're going to wait until we're safely on the ground.
Takuya: Yeah...
Prefecture Resident: Whoa, where'd all those maids come from?!
Prefecture Resident: Is this an omen of the end times? Did we enrage the Scallop God?!
*--Kawakami Academy.*
History Teacher: This is an issue, no?!
History Teacher: Skipping class by taking a high-speed helicopter from the roof? This is unprecedented!
History Teacher: Kuki Hideo we should overlook, yes, given his terrifying background.
*Though Ayanokouji's own family was noble, he still couldn't afford to mess with the Kukis.*
History Teacher: Yet an example must be made of the others, no?
Kyojin: Now, now, Mr. Ayanokouji.
Kyojin: We already had one student come to school on a horse. Isn't it a little late to start caring about those things now?
History Teacher: Silence! To disobey Maro is a sin, yes!
Kyojin: I knew you'd say that, in the end.
Tesshin: Well, we will have to reprimand them, or give them some sort of penalty.
History Teacher: Yes, yes. They must be punished!
Kyojin: A penalty? That's pretty harsh.
Umeko: He's probably being strict because this involves his own family.
Tesshin: (You had better bring her back safe, Momo.)
*--Prefecture A, City H.*
*Kawakami Kazuko gazed listlessly at the sea.*
*She'd spent the last two days here by the sea, never with any particular goal in mind.*
*She'd bought some sandwiches to stave off hunger, but the train fare had been expensive. She was nearly out of money.*
Kazuko: ...Ugh... The ocean's so beautiful...
Kazuko: The orphanage was... gone, so...
Kazuko: So why didn't anyone tell me that?
Kazuko: ...Well, when I can still talk to everyone, I guess the orphanage itself doesn't really matter...
Kazuko: But that was my only clue to my roots.
Kazuko: ...And in the end, I wound up empty-handed?
Kazuko: ......Ugh.
Kazuko: I'm feeling blue... Bluer than the ocean, even.
Kazuko: I'm just tired...
Kazuko: ...So tired...
Kazuko: ......What?!
Kazuko: Isn't that my whistle?!
Kazuko: They came all this way looking for me?
Kazuko: But... I don't want them to see me now...
Kazuko: Ahhh, but I can't keep myself from running to them?!
Yamato: I think she's probably the type to start looking out at the sea when she's depressed.
Yamato: So come on out. (I blew the whistle.)
Kazuko: ...Yamato.
Yamato: Oh! You really did come!
Kazuko: W-Wahhh!
*She ran off.*
Yamato: Wait! Why're you running?!
Kazuko: Because I don't want you to see me like this!
Kazuko: Not when I'm so, so...
Yamato: Hold up!
Kazuko: No!
*She quickly outpaced me.*
Yamato: Ah, jeez... (I blew the whistle again.)
Kazuko: Gah! I can't help myself!
*She came back.*
Yamato: Give up. So long as you can hear the whistle, there's no escaping me.
Kazuko: Ooh...
Yamato: You made us look all over for you, you little pup.
*I gave her a knock on the head.*
Kazuko: Aw, I'm sorry...
Yamato: Did you come to find your roots at the orphanage?
Kazuko: Yeah...
Yamato: And you didn't find anything?
Kazuko: Yeah, it's not there anymore...
Kazuko: The person who took care of me's gone too...
Kazuko: I'm all out of ideas...
Yamato: So, unable to do anything, you moped around here?
Kazuko: A 'mohhp'? What's that?
Yamato: You're so stupid.
Kazuko: Wahh! Yeah, I'm stupid!
Kazuko: I'm just some stupid, stupid, stupidhead...
Kazuko: Everything I do is stupid...
Kazuko: ...So how am I supposed to live now?
*She said, staring down at her own feet.*
Yamato: Yeah, you are pretty stupid.
Kazuko: Wahhh! I knew it!
Yamato: You don't know what to do with your life?
Kazuko: I mean, I've got nothing left...
Yamato: That's not true at all.
Kazuko: Then what do I have?
Yamato: That's something you have to answer yourself.
Kazuko: Hmph...
Yamato: Well, knowing you, as soon as you find that next big dream, you'll devote yourself to it.
Kazuko: If I ever can...
Yamato: ...I'll help.
Kazuko: Huh?
Yamato: What do you say? I know you had fun training day in and day out, but school can be a lot of fun too.
Yamato: Especially with a boyfriend around.
Kazuko: Wait, are you saying...?
*Okay. I'd been practicing this since last night. Super Confession Time: GO!*
Yamato: ...Won't you be my girlfriend? (I struck a pose.)
Kazuko: ............Huh?
Yamato: During the time we lived together, I wound up falling completely in love with you.
Yamato: Go out with me, and let that be your new beginning!
Yamato: If you don't know what to live for, then start out by living for me!
*I tried to let fervor ring in my tone.*
Kazuko: But I'm... nothing, now.
Yamato: That's not true. No matter what happens, you're still you.
Kazuko: No, I'm just some stupidhead with a broken dream.
Yamato: You've always been stupid.
*I moved closer.*
Kazuko: ...Ah, Y-Yamato...
Yamato: I'll be someone you can lean on!
Yamato: Please, go out with me, Kazuko!
Kazuko: Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-You're serious?!
Kazuko: You chose stupid me? Not Miyako, or Onee-sama, or...?
*I stared at her and said...*
Yamato: I want you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...Ah... Y-Yamato...
Kazuko: ...I... This is... But...
*She started fidgeting.*
Azumi: Over there, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Good work, Kuki Servant Corps! You are worthy of your global renown for finding her with such haste!
Yamato: Ngh, they've found us already?!
Kazuko: Huh? Kuki-kun's here, too?
Yamato: We took a ride in his chopper, yeah.
Kazuko: Oh...
Hideo: Kazuko-dono! So good to see you safe and well!
Kazuko: Ahaha. Th-Thanks?
Hideo: Naoe Yamato! There is a matter of great import We must discuss with Kazuko-dono!
Hideo: Step back and give Us space!
Yamato: You're just talking? Then there's no need to be rough.
Hideo: Of course. Now, do not make Us repeat Ourself. Step back.
*I had a bad feeling about this, but I did owe him for bringing us here.*
*I walked back to him the space he requested, if only for a few minutes.*
Kazuko: Uh, Yamato...
Hideo: Kazuko-dono! We have for you words that are grander than the cosmos!!!
Kazuko: Huh?
Yamato: (If you're going to be that loud, why'd you bother having me walk away?)
Hideo: Though oft have We told you this, once more We go into the breach!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono, you have stolen Our heart!
Hideo: We love you!
Kazuko: ...Kuki-kun.
Yamato: (Whoa? Now?!)
Hideo: We vow that We will make you happier than any other person could!
Hideo: Our ability, Our assets, and Our love for you shall be second to none!
Kazuko: U-Um... Well...
Hideo: While the Kuki Family permits the selection of a harem, for Us there shall be none other!
Hideo: Grant Us the pleasure of your embrace, Kazuko-dono!
Kazuko: Wh-Why you too, Kuki-kun?
Hideo: Nwuh?
Kazuko: Why me? I'm a total mess...
Hideo: Whatever else may be, are you not you?!
Hideo: Painfully well do We know the pain of a broken dream!
Hideo: To support a woman in her hour of need, is that not the proof of a good man?!
Kazuko: I...
Yamato: Wait, wait, wait! That's enough out of you -- way too much!
Hideo: Begone, commoner! An impudent simpleton such as you could never understand this confession of Our love!
Tadakatsu: ...Ah! Kazuko! Finally!
Tadakatsu: ...You're already here?!
Yamato: Gen-san?
Hideo: Yeargh. Why must so many show up uninvited?
Kazuko: Ta-chan...
Tadakatsu: ...Look at you. You're a mess.
Kazuko: You came to look for me?
Tadakatsu: Yeah...
Tadakatsu: I ain't leavin' you like this.
Kazuko: Huh?
Tadakatsu: Hey, Naoe, Kuki. Get lost.
Hideo: Nonsense. Commoner, woe betide this world were We lost to it!
Yamato: I can't do that either.
Tadakatsu: I got some serious shit to talk about, so get freaking lost.
Yamato: (Whoa, he's staring me down. Every instinct's telling me to run... but...)
Yamato: (I won't back down!)
Kazuko: T-Ta-chan...
Kazuko: Asking them to leave after they came all this way to find me seems a bit...
Tadakatsu: ...Tch.
Tadakatsu: Then I'll let 'em hear what I gotta say... Damn, this is awkward.
Kazuko: Huh?
Tadakatsu: Well whatever. It's too late to give a damn about that!
Yamato: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko... (He stared into her eyes.)
Kazuko: T-Ta-chan?
Tadakatsu: I love you.
Kazuko: Ah???!!!
Hideo: What?!
Yamato: (I knew it! A triple confession!)
Tadakatsu: I always have, too.
Kazuko: ......
*Kazuko looked like her brain was about to short out.*
Tadakatsu: I thought just watchin' over you'd be enough...
Tadakatsu: But I can't stand seein' you like this, without any firm ground under your feet.
Tadakatsu: I'll always take care of you.
Tadakatsu: Just like when we were kids.
Tadakatsu: ...So, be with me.
Yamato: (Even Gen-san's chosen this moment to confess?!)
Kazuko: T-Ta-chan... You like me?
Tadakatsu: ...Yeah.
Tadakatsu: When I first met you, back at the orphanage, I couldn't believe someone my age could be such a helpless crybaby.
Kazuko: ...Ooh.
Tadakatsu: It sucked, honestly, lookin' after you.
Kazuko: ......
Tadakatsu: Then I got used to it... carin' for you.
Tadakatsu: Now, I can't imagine a life without you.
Tadakatsu: And when you smile... all the bad stuff just kinda melts away.
Tadakatsu: Seein' you sad just rips me up inside.
Tadakatsu: I'm gonna always be by your side!
Kazuko: Aw... Aw... Aw.
Azumi: ...What?!
Azumi: (I-Is everyone drooling over this bitch?! Minamoto Tadakatsu could have any maid he wanted, and yet he chooses her?!)
Hideo: Wait, wait! Who gave you permission to confess to her?
Tadakatsu: Huh?
Hideo: Given that We confessed already, do not attempt to steal Our thunder.
Yamato: Hold on a sec!
Yamato: If you're complaining about him, Kuki Hideo, then what about me? I confessed first!
Hideo: You what?!
Tadakatsu: Wait, you tellin' me...?
Kazuko: ...Uh... Um, well... Err...
Takuya: Oh, there you are! You're okay, thank goodness.
Miyako: Exactly as reported.
Gakuto: Whoa. Gen, Kuki, you're here, too?
Yukie: Momo-senpai went the other way, but I've told her too.
Shouichi: ...What's up guys? Did we come at a bad time, or...?
Miyako: Everyone does seem a bit touchy, at the moment.
Kazuko: Everyone... You all came for me?
Takuya: Well, Chris is still in the hospital.
Gakuto: What's got all of you so awkward?
Azumi: Hideo-sama, if I may?
Hideo: Do as you will. We have never sought to hide it.
Yamato: Huh? You're telling them?!
Tadakatsu: Hey, wait!
Azumi: The truth is... 
*She coolly reported our triple confession.*
Takuya: Whoa. Then this is a full love polyhedron?
Miyako: --!
Shouichi: Look, Miyako, you gotta keep yourself calm.
Miyako: I-I'll be fine... I'm just... shocked.
Miyako: Especially at how all of the boys seem to think on the same level.
Gakuto: All three of you want Wanko? ...No way.
Yukie: She's quite popular...
Shouichi: Sweet, Wanko. So, who's it gonna be?
Kazuko: Huh?
Shouichi: You haven't given any of them an answer yet, right? That's gotta come next.
Kazuko: Y-Yeah...
Kazuko: ...But...
Kazuko: ...Um...
Yamato: She's probably trying to be considerate.
Yamato: Choosing one of us means leaving the other two out in the cold.
Hideo: ...Let not that burden your thoughts, Kazuko-dono!
Tadakatsu: Yeah, answer however you want.
Yamato: No hard feelings from any of us.
Shouichi: Choosing none of them's always a choice.
Shouichi: Just do whatever your heart tells you.
Miyako: ...That's right.
Miyako: But to not give any answer... that'd be unfair.
Miyako: You have to give them some response.
Miyako: ...And if you choose Yamato, then I guess I'll have to live with that.
Kazuko: 'K-Kay...
Kazuko: I've already made up my mind, so...
Yamato: ......!!!
Hideo: ......
Tadakatsu: ......
Kazuko: I...
Kazuko: ......like Yamato.
Yamato: Kazuko...
Hideo: Nwuh?
Tadakatsu: Mmm...
Miyako: Huh, really? Yamato?
Kazuko: Ta-chan... I can only see you as a brother.
Kazuko: After all, we were basically family back at the orphanage.
Tadakatsu: I knew it...
Tadakatsu: But, I can live with that. It's your choice.
Tadakatsu: Good luck to you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Ta-chan...
Hideo: Kazuko-dono...
Kazuko: Kuki-kun... I really appreciate you.
Kazuko: You're probably the person I respect the most.
Kazuko: But, when I look at you, I...
Kazuko: I just don't have feelings for you in that way.
Hideo: ...I see......
Hideo: Is there... some flaw?
Kazuko: It's not like that.
Hideo: Spare not Our feelings! Speak!
Kazuko: ...It's like, you're always going at a hundred miles an hour. I don't think I could keep up with you.
Hideo: ...I see.
Takuya: (Waaahhhh! That's harsh! Really harsh!)
Gakuto: (Gen's one thing, but she shot down Kuki? My heart goes out to him.)
Shouichi: ...Sweet!
Shouichi: Wanko! Time to go home!
Kazuko: Capt?
Shouichi: What's the whole reason you came here? To find yourself, am I right?
Kazuko: ...Y-Yeah.
Kazuko: I wanted to know, what sort of talents do I have? Where'd I come from? Why am I even here?
Takuya: There's no reason to ever feel that lonely. I mean, look at how many people came out to search for you.
Kazuko: Moro...
Gakuto: He's right. You aren't some brainiac, so there's no need to try to sound philosophical with us!: He gave her a noogie.
Kazuko: Owww... G-Gakuto.
Miyako: Actually...
Miyako: It takes gall to start whining after three men -- including Yamato -- confess to you! And you even took my Yamato!
Kazuko: Eeeeeek! Don't scare me!
Yukie: K-Kazuko-san!
Yukie: Back when I didn't have friends, I also wondered why I was here. But, I would drink my vegetable juice every day. Now look at me.
Yukie: The tunnel you're in is dark, and it may feel impossible, but a day will come when you can smile again. Until then, drink your vegetable juice!
Kazuko: M-Mayucchi?
Shouichi: Calm down over there, Mayucchi! What are you, a walking veggie juice ad?
Yukie: Aww... I must've blown a fuse or something...
Shouichi: So you wanna know why you're here, do you?
Shouichi: Lemme give you that answer nice and quick, chop chop.
Shouichi: You're here to enjoy your time in school with your boyfriend.
Kazuko: Capt...
Shouichi: That sounds like more than enough for now. The rest will come, you just gotta give it some time.
Yamato: Capt, that's basically what I said.
Shouichi: Huh? Seriously? Then I sounded lame?
Miyako: A bit.
Shouichi: Yamato, man, stop stealing all my lines!
Kazuko: Ahaha...
Takuya: (Oh, she smiled... Thank goodness.)
*With Kazuko's laughter, all the tension in the air dissipated.*
*I thought we'd start heading back soon, but then--*
Momoyo: --Wanko!
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
*Nee-san, the last of us, arrived.*
*Everyone reflexively opened up some space for her.*
Momoyo: I've finally found you.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, I--
Momoyo: Big Sister Slap!
Kazuko: Agh!
*She slapped Kazuko hard across the cheek.*
Takuya: Uh, shouldn't you have held back a bit more?
Momoyo: Hm?
Takuya: N-No, it's nothing! I'm just a seashell!
Takuya: ...That look just now was terrifying.
Gakuto: But dude, a seashell? That was really lame.
Kazuko: Oooh, that hurt...
Momoyo: It better. How much trouble did you think you caused everyone at the Temple? Not to mention the rest of us!
Kazuko: ......Ooh.
Momoyo: Sheesh... You had me worried sick, Wanko. (She patted her head.)
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
Momoyo: So, why'd you run away? Everyone who came looking is here now, so it's time for you to explain.
Kazuko: 'Kay... I've already explained most of it, but you see...
*And so Kazuko repeated her story.*
Momoyo: ...Who you are, what's your talent, where you're from?
Momoyo: Ah... So that's what's been going through your head, you big girl?
Kazuko: Yeah. All the work I've put into my dream is worthless now, so...
Kazuko: I thought, maybe I'd go and try to find myself.
Momoyo: ...Of course you would... I'm sorry, Wanko.
*She scooped Kazuko up in her arms.*
Momoyo: I'm sorry I made you feel so alone.
Momoyo: Even though I had to end your dream, I shouldn't have pushed you to this point.
Momoyo: But...
Kazuko: Onee-sama...?
Momoyo: You never have to wonder who you are.
Momoyo: You're a daughter of the Kawakami Temple, and you'll always be my sister.
Momoyo: So Wanko... Tell me you won't leave me again... *sniff*
Kazuko: ...O-Onee-sama...
Momoyo: I never wanted to make you feel this way.
Momoyo: As successor to the grand master of Kawakami Temple, and as a professional martial artist, I had to do what I did...
Momoyo: But I will never stop loving you.
Momoyo: So please... Don't ever run away again.
Takuya: (Sh-She's crying. Momo-senpai's crying.)
Shouichi: (I have never seen that before...)
Gakuto: (And from the girl who said 'crying' isn't in her dictionary.)
Miyako: (You're so lucky, Wanko...)
Yukie: U-Um, I have a handkerchief...?
Kazuko: (My Onee-sama, that invincible powerhouse... is crying?)
Kazuko: (She's never cried before.)
Kazuko: (I-I made her cry...)
Kazuko: (I hurt her... Kh, ooh.)
Kazuko: Ah... Ahhh! I-I'm sorry!
Kazuko: I'm sorry, Onee-sama. I...
Kazuko: I'm sorrrrrryyyyyyyy!
Yamato: (Now Wanko's crying too.)
Momoyo: Wanko...
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
Kazuko: Who am I? ...That's a stupid question, isn't it?
Kazuko: I'm... Kawakami Kazuko.
Momoyo: Yep. You're a daughter of the Kawakami Temple.
Kazuko: ...Yeah.
Kazuko: I'm sorry I said all that, when I'm this blessed.
Momoyo: It's fine.
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
Yukie: ... *sniff*
Azumi: (Uh, girlfriend? This has nothing to do with you, so how about you stop the waterworks?)
Azumi: (Sheesh... Hideo-sama's gotta be the saddest one of all here.)
Hideo: ...We are happy for you, Kazuko-dono.
Azumi: (I can see the trickle of blood in those clenched fists.)
Azumi: (Hideo-sama... You really were head-over-heels for the girl, weren't you?)
*...We waited until Kazuko's tears had run dry.*
Yamato: Better now, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Yeah...
Momoyo: Yeargh, crying's so lame.
Yamato: You think so? It seems wonderfully human to me.
Momoyo: I don't want to hear any wisecracks from you, Yamato!
Yamato: Ugh! Don't take it out on me!
Yamato: Kazuko, help!
Kazuko: Ahaha... Um...
Momoyo: Kazuko?
Kazuko: Oh, I'm Yamato's girlfriend now, Onee-sama.
Momoyo: Indian Deathlock!
Yamato: YEEEOOUUUCCCHHH!
Momoyo: Dammit! When the heck did that happen?!
Yamato: Somebody, help me! Miyako!
Miyako: ......
Yamato: Yeah, that was never going to work.
Yamato: One of you, help me!
Gakuto: I will never bring myself to help someone with a girlfriend, even if that girl is Wanko.
Yamato: How're you that cold?!
*I heard the sound of a helicopter.*
Hideo: Ladies and gentlemen, We shall be leaving early!
Hideo: Naoe Yamato, We shall judge you a splendid specimen of man!
Yamato: What?
Hideo: To sully your honor would be to sully that of Kazuko-dono who loves you!
Hideo: Never would We stoop to such lows!
Hideo: Rather, were something to be amiss, come to Us without hesitation!
Yamato: Kuki...
Hideo: Take this! Open it later!
*He threw a ball at me with pinpoint accuracy.*
*To it was tied an envelope.*
Hideo: Kazuko-dono! Even should someone else one day steal Our heart...
Hideo: You will always be special to Us. May happiness be yours.
Kazuko: You'd say all that? Why?
Hideo: Because you are Our first love! Farewell!
*The high-speed helicopter vanished into the distance.*
Gakuto: That bastard... He meant every word.
Yukie: He's such a passionate person.
Shouichi: ...Bwuh?
Momoyo: What's wrong?
Shouichi: We took that chopper to get here, right?
Momoyo: Yeah.
Shouichi: ...And now it's flown off past the clouds.
Momoyo: Oh!
Yamato: Shoot, I was so caught up in the confession that I completely forgot!
Takuya: ...Now what?
Gakuto: Take a plane?
Takuya: That sounds way too expensive...
Takuya: Yeap, I just checked on my phone. We're boned.
Shouichi: ...Eh, it's all good!
Miyako: It doesn't seem good at all.
Shouichi: You guys ever heard of hitchhiking?
Gakuto: ......You're kidding.
Shouichi: Alright, a race you back to the secret base! First one back it back wins!
Yukie: Huh...?!
Shouichi: I'm going straight out to the highway! Whoaaaa!
Momoyo: Sounds fun. Maybe I'll race you on foot.
Takuya: And they're both off to the races...
Yamato: I wonder what's in this envelope Kuki gave me...
Yamato: It's plane tickets for me and Kazuko, plus money for a cab.
Yamato: Man, we never asked for your help... But thanks.
Gakuto: ...There's only enough for you two?
Yamato: Looks like it.
Yamato: Mayucchi, you ride with Kazuko.
Yukie: Huh? Are you sure?
Takuya: Well, you two seem like the right choice to me.
Yukie: What about Miyako-san?
Miyako: I'll go home with Yamato. There's something I want to discuss with him anyways.
Yamato: ...Of course there is.
Miyako: Wanko, I hope you won't mind.
Kazuko: 'K-Kay. But how are all of you going to get home?
Yamato: I have a few ideas. Don't worry about us.
Gakuto: Gen, you're headin' back too, right?
Tadakatsu: I'm taking the bullet train. I'll see you back there.
Gakuto: ...All right. Then see ya. C'mon, let's go.
Kazuko: Huh? But I...
Gakuto: Let him be.
Takuya: You really are sensitive for how people feel when they're shot down.
Gakuto: Shut it!
*...And so everyone besides Tadakatsu left.*
Tadakatsu: ...Damn, there's never any peace and quiet with them around.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko...
Tadakatsu: I've been afraid all this time that, if I 'fessed to you, I'd ruin what we got.
Tadakatsu: And here's where that got me.
Tadakatsu: I wanted to be more than just a brother to you...
Tadakatsu: I'm a damn fool for not actin' sooner.
Tadakatsu: Fuck me...
Tadakatsu: ...This place brings back so many memories...
Kazuko: Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: Ugh... I'm bein' so damn emotional.
Tadakatsu: But... This is gonna stick with me.
*--The Tohoku Expressway.*
*Kazama Shouichi's hitchhiking plan was working out.*
*He'd gotten a ride from a family heading home to Kamakura from vacation.*
Pigtails: Sheesh, why'd you go and pick up that baggage?
Young Woman: Oh, but he had no money. Didn't you feel bad for him?
Lawyer: Well, your brother's happy to keep him company.
*--Fifty kilometers behind the car.*
*A few silhouettes hid inside the cargo of a truck heading to Tokyo.*
Yamato: Good job sneaking in with me.
Miyako: This will take us all the way to Tokyo.
Yamato: But after coming out here in luxury, this feels like hell.
Miyako: Did Moro and Gakuto get on a truck, too?
Yamato: Eh, even if they didn't, they can take care of themselves.
Miyako: I see.
Yamato: Okay.
Miyako: ...You have a girlfriend now.
Yamato: Yeap.
Miyako: I never expected it to be Wanko.
Miyako: If anyone would take you from me, I thought it'd be Momo-senpai.
Yamato: ...You're taking this better than I thought.
Miyako: Wanko's a great friend, so I can live with this.
Miyako: I'm so happy for you.
Yamato: Th-Thank you.
Miyako: However... That doesn't change my feelings for you.
Yamato: Um, what?
Miyako: I won't get in your way, or do anything weird, but...
Miyako: If you do break up, you'd better believe I won't waste a second.
Yamato: You're planning that far ahead?
Miyako: I don't give up that easily.
Yamato: There are other guys out there--
Miyako: I'm not looking other guys.
Miyako: I'm looking for you, Naoe Yamato.
Miyako: You're the only one in my sights.
Yamato: ...You could at least try to broaden your horizons.
Miyako: It wouldn't change anything.
Miyako: Who you love isn't something you can just decide to change.
Miyako: My love is deep like the sea, and heavy like a rock. Heh heh...
Miyako: Well, that's it. No need to worry about me.
Yamato: S-Sure... Thanks, I guess?
*A question, not a statement.*
Miyako: ......
Yamato: Yeah, Miyako? If we're done here, I think I'll pay the money for you to fly home after all.
Yamato: The truck's gonna shake a lot, and... I don't wanna put you through that.
*If she left now, she could still make the flight. I started writing a text to Kazuko, to tell her Miyako was coming.*
*Her heart was hurting too much to put her through this long journey.*
*--Hokkaido.*
*Just as Shiina Miyako met up with the two other girls at the airport, a few silhouettes shuffled about inside a truck speeding down the highway.*
Takuya: Is it just me, or is it getting colder?
Takuya: Are you certain we're heading to Tokyo?
Gakuto: It had a Tokyo license plate, right? Easy as that.
Takuya: That doesn't prove it's headed for Tokyo.
Gakuto: If you're that worried, take a peek outside.
Takuya: Okay... Huh? Was that a red fox?!
Gakuto: I mean, you see foxes out in the countryside. Maybe one will turn into a beautiful woman, pop out and tell us what the fox says.
Takuya: Hmm, are you sure about that?
Takuya: I should've had Yamato tell us more about how to tell them apart...
Gakuto: Stuff it. We've got hours until we make it to Tokyo. I'm gettin' some sleep.
Gakuto: ...Yamato has a girlfriend now.
Gakuto: We can't lose either.
Takuya: Yeah, you're right. Lucky him.
Gakuto: ...Look at him, makin' a girl in the Family fall in love with him.
Gakuto: Maybe I should take a page from his book.
Takuya: But who?
Gakuto: Momo-senpai or bust, obviously!
Gakuto: I'd go for Chris, but the military thing's terrifying. Screw bein' the trigger that sets off World War III.
Gakuto: Mayucchi's a little kid, and I'm not into kids.
Gakuto: And no one could win Miyako's heart, let alone me.
Gakuto: She loves Yamato too much. Ultraviolent difficulty is too much for me.
Takuya: Yeah... You're right...
Gakuto: So I'm goin' to confess to Momo-senpai.
Takuya: There's no way that'll work...
Gakuto: Moro, you're not even goin' to try to find a girl?
Takuya: I mean, of course I want one.
Takuya: But even having a shot sounds like ultraviolent difficulty.
Gakuto: Well, you are kinda small where it counts!
Takuya: Yeah, yeah, keep talking.
Takuya: (But still... Is this truck really heading to Tokyo?)
*The truck rumbled on towards Nemuro, Hokkaido.*
Yukie: Chris-san's healing quickly, so she should be discharged by the 11th.
Miyako: That's in time for the school trip. Thank goodness.
Matsukaze: She ain't like to wanna miss that.
Shouichi: Especially since we're going overseas, to China!
Momoyo: Hey.
Miyako: Oh, it's Momo-senpai and Wanko.
Kazuko: Hiyah.
Shouichi: Oh? You're letting your hair down now?
Kazuko: Yeah, well... It's not like a new look, not really, but...
Kazuko: There's no point in having a ponytail anymore anyways.
Momoyo: ......
Yamato: I like it, Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...Oh.
Kazuko: This is kind of awkward...
Kazuko: Eheheh...
Yamato: But you should still put your hair up sometimes.
Yamato: You looked good that way, too.
Kazuko: 'Kay, if you say so.
Momoyo: Mngh, what's this rage welling up inside me?
Miyako: It's jealousy. I know what you're going through painfully well. I feel like blood is going to spurt out of my pores.
Yukie: Th-That sounds like something out of a slasher movie.
Miyako: Well, I'll hold myself together.
Miyako: Have your injuries healed, Wanko?
Kazuko: Haha... I'm still a bit away from being at 100%.
Yukie: I'm still amazed you're up and about.
Momoyo: So those two idiots are still up north?
Yamato: They're saving up money to come home by working at the fisheries in Nemuro.
Shouichi: No fair -- why do they get to have all the fun? They better bring back some crabs!
Yamato: Well, they'll be back by this weekend.
Miyako: This semester certainly started off with a bang.
Kazuko: I feel really responsible for that.
Kazuko: Moro, Gakuto, I'm sorry.
Momoyo: It's their fault for being stupid enough to accidentally go to Hokkaido.
Yamato: Yeah, she's right, so don't let it get to you.
Kazuko: 'Kay... If you say so, Yamato.
Momoyo: You're completely in love, aren't you?
Kazuko: Yeah... I love him.
Yamato: Kazuko...
Miyako: Wah Wah hoo,: wah wah hoo.
Matsukaze: Yo, shit! Miyako-san's gettin' mad Mario style!
Miyako: Dont' worry, I'm used to this... I won't overreact again.
Shouichi: Looks like things are gonna be crazy in class.
*.........*
Ikurou: Summer is the hellish season where one choice word at a summer festival can make a girl decide to get her cherry popped.
Ikurou: Do any of the girls look like they've changed into someone more nasty?
Chika: How about you shut up, Monkey? Stop staring.
Ikurou: Heh, you haven't changed one bit!
Chika: You can't just find a good man at a random street corner.
Ikurou: Any other chicks seem different to you?
Kazuko: Morning.
Ikurou: Morni--KAWAKAMI?!
Kazuko: I can come back to school today.
Mitsuru: Congrats on your recovery. Your match at the end of summer break was amazing.
Ikurou: Yeah, that was badass!
Kazuko: Ahaha, thanks.
Chika: So Wanko, talk to me. Even if those boys are too stupid to notice, I totally can see it.
Kazuko: Huh?
Chika: Who's the boyfriend?
Kazuko: Uh... Um...
*Hmm, what to do...*
*I looked over at Gen-san, who had his head down on his desk in front of me fast asleep.*
*If everyone was about to know anyways, I'd rather announce it myself.*
*How should I explain it?*
Kazuko and I started going out
Kazuko's my woman now, so hands off
I've decided to adopt Kazuko
Yamato: Um, so the thing is...
Yamato: Kazuko and I started going out.
Chika: You what?!
Yamato: Kazuko and I, we're dating.
Ikurou: BWEEEEHH?!
Yamato: Kazuko's my woman now, so you'd better keep your hands off.
Chika: Someone's being a bit extreme.
Yamato: It's not really a surprise, but...
Yamato: I've decided to adopt Kazuko.
Suguru: That's a dangerous path! Never let the ideas of the 2D invade the third dimension!
Chika: Uh, like, I'm pretty sure he's just saying they're going out.
Chika: Still, that's a shocker.
*A stir rippled through the class.*
Mayo: Congratulations, Wanko-chan.
Kazuko: Thank you, Class Rep.
Yamato: Everyone's a lot less surprised than I expected.
Mitsuru: Well, everyone thought this might happen someday. *om nom nom*
Haguro: You two, like, have always been, like, totally close.
Yamato: (Uh, I'm pretty sure some people are staring at me with jealousy.)
Yamato: (And I'm pretty sure I can hear them talking too.)
Bitter Man 1: (Screw you, Yamato! Kawakami-san was supposed to be mine!)
Bitter Man 2: (Kawakami-san... Dammit. She was my first love.)
Bitter Man 3: (Fuck! Fuck you, Naoe!)
Bitter Man 4: (I loved Kazuko-chan, too.)
Bitter Man 5: (Ohh, Kawakami-san. I'm way better than him... Why can't you see that?)
*--Noon, on the roof.*
Yamato: They kept quiet, but...
Yamato: A lot of guys looked stunned.
Kazuko: Huh? Really?
Shouichi: A few of them even looked like they were tearing up.
Shouichi: Well, maybe that had nothing to do with you two.
Yamato: Seems a lot of guys really liked you.
Kazuko: ...Huh? That can't be right.
Kazuko: I can't think of any reason why.
Ikurou: Uh, you're actually super popular, Kawakami.
Yamato: Where'd you pop out of?
Ikurou: I have for you information that people of fine taste the world over would salivate for. Interested?
Yamato: Oh? Keep it short.
Ikurou: It's about Kawakami.
Ikurou: She's got a shocking number of fans out there. Most of them are just too scared of her sister to make a move on her.
Ikurou: One reason's that she doesn't discriminate.
Ikurou: Retards like Blondie, they call us boys 'creeps' at the drop of a hat. Like looking down on us is their default.
Ikurou: Kawakami's nothing like that.
Ikurou: She'll casually sit down and talk to anyone.
Ikurou: And that broad grin means everyone's gonna have a good time.
Ikurou: And that counts for a lot, don't you think?
Ikurou: Besides that, she's straight-up cute.
Ikurou: So be proud of the woman you are.
Kazuko: R-Really...? What do you think, Yamato?
Yamato: Yeah, he's right. You really are popular.
Ikurou: Must be great to be in your shoes!
Yamato: ...So. What are you after?
Ikurou: I can't get anything past you. So you see...
Ikurou: Yamato, I want you to buy up every picture of Kawakami I've got in stock.
Ikurou: Yeah, none of them need mosaics or anything, but do you really want pictures of your girlfriend in bloomers in circulation?
Ikurou: Do you want to wonder what some guy's doing in a room alone, late at night, with those pics?
Ikurou: Buy now for only 29,800 yen, and I'll throw in some pictures of Shiina for fr--
Yamato: Oh, I don't care about anything that's not risque.
Yamato: And if I did buy them, you'd only take more. I'd be stuck in a loop.
Yamato: Those boys can dream all they want. I'm the only one who can actually touch her.
Ikurou: Oof, I thought you'd panic and let me make a killing.
Ikurou: I guess I'll call it a day. Kazama, wanna join me?
Shouichi: Uh, I'm gonna be eating lunch with them?
Ikurou: Umm, dude, you're gonna be a third wheel?
Ikurou: (Can't you see they want to have some alone time?)
Yamato: It's fine, Yonpachi. Really. See you.
Ikurou: Well, if you say so. Take care.
Shouichi: ...It's so easygoing here... I'm so jealous of Gakuto and Mororo.
Yamato: You're eating a Kawakami Temple boxed lunch?
Kazuko: It's nice and healthy. So I don't want to stop eating them.
Shouichi: Hmm. Wanko, you really seem out of it.
Kazuko: Huh? I do?
Shouichi: Well, you can't switch your whole life over just like that.
Shouichi: ...Man, I'm sleepy...: Zzz... Zzz...
Yamato: Whoa, he fell asleep.
Kazuko: There's no way I'm feeling down, Yamato.
Yamato: I know.
Yamato: Now that we're going out...
Yamato: You're not sure what to do anymore, are you?
Kazuko: Wow! Did you just read my mind?
Yamato: It was just a guess, since I'm feeling the same way.
Kazuko: Huh? You do?
Yamato: Yeah... So far, we've just been hanging out the way we always have.
Kazuko: Right?
Kazuko: Our relationship's changed so suddenly, and I feel like that should change things, but I don't know what.
Yamato: Welp, let's try some things out.
Kazuko: Hmm?
Yamato: First, lie down.
Kazuko: Wawah! (She reflexively did it.)
Yamato: Spin.
Kazuko: T-This isn't... (Another reflexive response.)
Yamato: Shake.
Kazuko: Boyfriends and girlfriends don't do this! (Again she couldn't resist.)
Yamato: Now we'll start for real. Hold my hand. (I moved up close to her.)
Kazuko: Whooaaa...
Kazuko: ...This is so awkward.
*Her cheeks had turned red.*
Yamato: You can't blush from just that.
Kazuko: Huh? Really?
Yamato: Not when there's so many more embarrassing things for us to do.
Kazuko: Gah! Officer, there's a pervert on the loose!
Yamato: Yes I am a pervert, thank you very much.
Kazuko: Yeah... You smell like one.
Yamato: Well, setting that aside... Teigh!
*I pinched and pulled at her cheek.*
Kazuko: Bwuh?
Yamato: That didn't really make my heart race.
Yamato: What if I scratch under your chin?
Kazuko: Mmm, that tickles.
Yamato: You're practically purring.
Kazuko: Mmmm, then how about this?
*Kazuko grabbed some of the meat from her lunch.*
Kazuko: Here, now open up!
Yamato: Wow, now this feels like something a couple would do.
Yamato: So don't mind if I do. Ah.
Kazuko: Ooh... My food...
Kazuko: Goodbye, octo-sausage. I'll miss you... Here.
*Kazuko's stomach growled.*
Yamato: How am I supposed to eat it now?!
Kazuko: I'm sorry. *om nom nom*
Yamato: You ate that one yourself?
Yamato: ...Well, we can't try to force ourselves to act a certain way.
Kazuko: Hmm?
Yamato: Let's be ourselves. That was the plan along anyways.
Kazuko: ...'Kay! Will do!
Kazuko: Mmm. Just knowing I don't have to work myself up over everything makes things so much easier.
Yamato: Wait. Kazuko, did you put on some makeup?
Kazuko: Huh? W-Well...
Kazuko: Now that I have a boyfriend and all...
Kazuko: I thought maybe I'd try it out.
Kazuko: But Chikarin noticed at first glance. I think that's how she knew.
Yamato: Okay. I'm not saying you look bad, but I like you the way you are naturally.
Kazuko: Yamato...
Yamato: Don't push yourself to be something you're not, or you'll wear yourself out.
Yamato: I want this to be fun. So let's be ourselves. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Ooh... I'm happy, but as a girl, this doesn't feel right...
Kazuko: ...Eh, I still feel better now!
Kazuko: Now we're just free to be ourselves.
Yamato: Right. Don't change a thing.
Kazuko: So let's have fun together, Yamato!
Yamato: Yeah. Sounds great, Kazuko.
*We were slowly stepping up the ladder...*
*From being childhood friends to being a couple.*
NARRATOR
--2-S.
Kokoro: Ahh, my noble neck has finally healed.
Koyuki: Are you a transfer student? Want a marshmallow?
Kokoro: Enough of that demure bullying! I am Fushikawa Kokoro!
Koyuki: Oh! Right! You!
Kokoro: You actually forgot about me? The nerve!
Koyuki: You're the girl who got stabbed into the ground during the ball game tournament.
Kokoro: Is there anything less embarrassing you could remember me for?!
Kokoro: ...Although... Only Kuki paid me a visit. What was the meaning of that? And you call yourselves my classmates!
Margit: Hospitalizations due to injury are something I see every day. I could not pay them all a visit. You will accept that reason.
Kokoro: It does not seem like a daily occurrence to me...
Kokoro: But enough of that. Now that I have healed, I will have my revenge on Kawakami Kazuko!
Touma: I would humbly advise against that.
Jun: Kawakami Kazuko has just started going out with Naoe Yamato.
Touma: In other words, this is their moment of happiness.
Jun: So let them be.
Kokoro: ...Heheh. A dog, coupling with a monkey? Hilarious.
Kokoro: If this is their moment of happiness, it falls to me to shatter it!
Jun: Why do you have to be such a jerk? What would your mother say?
Kokoro: Shut up, shut up, shut up! ...Mn. Wait, Kuki.
Hideo: What, Fushikawa?
Kokoro: Was not Kawakami Kazuko the woman you fell in love with?
Hideo: She is.
Kokoro: And yet you have nothing to say to her being stolen by an inferior being?
Hideo: We would suggest you not speak that way about him again, Fushikawa.
Kokoro: Well, I suppose they can be inferior together.
Hideo: Azumi, do it.
Azumi: Surprise medulla oblongata chop!
Kokoro: Agfh! Wh-Why would you strike me where I was so recently injured?
Hideo: Naoe Yamato is the object of Kazuko-dono's affection. If the gods do not strike you down for insulting him, then We will in their place.
Azumi: Fushikawa-san, I think you have bigger things to worry about.
Kokoro: N-Namely?
Azumi: Your group for the school trip We all picked groups while you were still in the hospital
Azumi: You need to find one to join, please.
Kokoro: Oh, is that all? This should be easy.
Kokoro: Raise your hand if you would like me to join you, and I shall.
*No one moved.*
Kokoro: ...Huh?
Jun: (I kinda feel bad for her. What should we do?)
Koyuki: (Nope-ee. Me and you and Touma means we're full.)
Koyuki: (We don't need anyone else.)
Kokoro: Ugh... Nngh. To have me in your group means to ally yourself with the noble house of Fushikawa!
Kokoro: Do not forget that when you choose to raise your hands!
Kokoro: Ah! There we go! Look how many of you raised your hands
Kokoro: Oh, even Kuki raised his hand.
Hideo: Hmph... We raised Our hand only in the spirit of charity.
Azumi: (No one cares for you, girlfriend, only your family... Well, that's a form of strength too.)
Azumi: (Hideo-sama looks like he's recovered on the outside...)
Azumi: (Even though I know he's hurting so much on the inside! He's so noble!)
*--After school, over at Kinryuu Street, the shopping district in front of the station...*
Bookstore Owner: It's Kinryuu Street's annual taste-of-autumn mackerel pike day!
Bookstore Owner: Now come on up and enjoy the freshly grilled pike, ya idiots!
Yamato: Oh, they're doing it again this year.
Kazuko: The pike here was so good last year.
Bookstore Owner: Oh, you two. Here, have this big one.
Kazuko: Wow, thank you very much.
Bookstore Owner: Bandana told me y'all are goin' out! Here's to ya!
Yamato: Ah, thanks.
*He'd all but shouted at us, drawing the attention of some older ladies.*
*They smiled over at us.*
Yamato: Everyone's staring... W-Well, let's just eat.
Kazuko: Yeah. Pike, pike, pike!
*We ignored them and ate the pike on the spot.*
Momoyo: ...Hmm? If it isn't my lil' bro and sis. Sup.
*Our sister arrived, with a girl on her arm.*
Yamato: Oh, you're on a date? So are we.
Kazuko: Yeah. We were talking about where to go after school...
Yamato: And we wound up going on our first date.
Kazuko: And then we were like, isn't this the free pike day?
Momoyo: Having grilled fish for your first date?
Momoyo: That's one fishy date.
Yamato: Whoa, you're even eating the eyes? Damn, Kazuko.
Momoyo: I made a pun! Laugh, dammit!
*She stomped her feet.*
Kazuko: They're just handing them out, so you should have some too, Onee-sama.
Momoyo: Huh? We could never eat pike while on a date. Right?
Cute Girl: Ahaha, I'm just happy being with you.
Kazuko: Then go eat, Onee-sama.
Kazuko: You trained at that other dojo yesterday, so you probably didn't have any fish last night.
Kazuko: And you had meat for breakfast. You have to eat your fish.
Momoyo: All right, fine, you win. Sheesh, you never let up with this stuff.
Momoyo: I guess I'll have some too.
Kazuko: Geez... You should care more about what you eat, Onee-sama.
Yamato: What do you want to do now? Head around the shopping district as we make our way to the base?
Kazuko: Yeah. I want you to pick out some clothes for me anyways.
Yamato: Do you have the money? I thought you spent everything you had when you ran away from home.
Kazuko: Grandpa gave me some to celebrate me getting a boyfriend.
Yamato: (That man spoils you rotten.)
Yamato: Here's to a new day.
*I had a text from Kazuko.*
*Morning. It's sunny today. Yay!*
*A simple message.*
*We met all the time, so we rarely communicated by phone.*
*We wished each other good night and good morning, but that was pretty much it.*
Margit: Good morning, Naoe Yamato. What a pleasant morning it is.
Yamato: Wh-What are you doing here?
Margit: You will wash your face. You will get that sleep out of your eyes.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me that!
Margit: I will wipe your face.
Yamato: Wh-Why?!
Margit: You will stay still! And you will surrender to my will!
*What was with her this morning? I...*
Resist
Surrender to her will
Yamato: Stop it. Why'd you suddenly decide to start acting like my mother?
Margit: You are free to resist... But I will hunt you down.
Yamato: Do I have no choice but to bend the knee before your threats of wanton mayhem?
*I gave up the fight, knowing that resistance was futile.*
Margit: Good. A wise choice.
Yamato: ...Fighting back would only cause me to get hurt, wouldn't it?
*I let myself give in.*
Margit: Wisely done. I will compliment your intellect.
Margit: Now, wash your face! Do it!
Yamato: Ummgh...
Margit: Now dry it. Harder! See? That didn't hurt.
Margit: Next is your brushing. You will say ah.
Yamato: Ah.
Margit: This is dangerous, so you will desist from moving. (She brushed my teeth.)
Margit: Now you will rinse well.
Margit: Next, your hair...
*She took care of all the little things to get me ready for the day.*
Margit: Now you are worthy to stand in my lady's presence.
Margit: Frau Chris, please come in.
Chris: ...It has been a long time.
Yamato: Oh!
Chris: I have mostly healed. I can go to school now.
Yamato: Good for you, Miss Chivalry.
Chris: Ugh. I cast aside that name... Though actually, I wanted to speak about that day.
Chris: While I was in the hospital, Mar-san told me everything.
Chris: Including that I crushed Kazuko's dreams...
Yamato: ...It's not your fault. You didn't know.
Chris: That does not make things right!
Chris: I did something I should not have, all because I wanted to have fun!
Chris: How am I to face Kazuko now?
Yamato: I understand how you feel.
Chris: ...Of course I am no longer part of the Family.
Chris: ...Must I carry the burden of this sin forever?
Yamato: You've sure leapt to conclusions. No one bears any grudge against you.
Chris: ...Truly?
Yamato: You don't have to believe me. You'll understand yourself once you see Kazuko.
Chris: Yes, I heard you two are going out. Congratulations.
Chris: That is why I wanted to ask you about Kazuko.
Chris: Is she... Depressed? Angry?
Yamato: Angry no, but she has been depressed.
Chris: ......I thought as much.
Chris: ...Kazuko... She worked so hard every day.
Chris: And yet I... I...
Chris: ...Kh, urgh.
Yamato: Look, why don't you go talk to Kazuko?
Chris: W-Well... Would it be wrong for me to do so with Mar-san by my side?
Yamato: What?
Chris: Of course I will apologize myself, but I fear my heart might break.
Chris: I want someone to be there, simply standing by my side.
Yamato: Then I'll do it.
Yamato: Margit-san has nothing to do with the whole thing anyways.
Chris: ...Yes, that would make more sense.
Chris: All right. Then let us do that, Yamato.
Yamato: (!)
Margit: Are you all right, Frau Chris?
Chris: ...Yes. I have finally made up my mind.
Yamato: (You really don't need to beat yourself up so much.)
*Chris put her plan into action.*
Kazuko: Yeah, it's fine. It doesn't bother me!
Chris: Kazuko...
*As expected, Kazuko didn't blame Chris.*
Kazuko: Were you that worried about what I'd say?
Chris: Of course I was! I could not eat a single thing the day I learned the truth.
Kazuko: I might've lost my dream, but that wasn't your fault.
Kazuko: It was a good match, nice and exciting.
Kazuko: What's wrong with that?
Chris: ...Kazuko.
Kazuko: Well, but for the record, I won that!
Chris: --Mmph!
Chris: W-Well, I believe that was technically a draw.
Kazuko: But I took you out first!
Chris: Mmmph!
Chris: W-Well, I suppose you did.
Kazuko: Yay. I won, I won!
Chris: Mmmmmmmph!
Chris: Yet if we are going to be particular, I scored more hits.
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah, but nobody likes a poor loser.
Chris: Oooh. Well, if that is what you are going to say--!
*The two of them went right back to arguing.*
Miyako: ...Wanko was really considerate to Chris just now.
Yamato: Yeah, she fooled around at the end.
Miyako: I can't believe she's matured that much.
Yamato: Our Kazuko's really grown up.
Miyako: It's all thanks to love. To you, and to your love.
Yamato: ...Why do I feel like I've just been stabbed by a million thorns?
Miyako: No thorns. Only love.
Yamato: That doesn't make it hurt any less.
Gakuto: Hey! I have returned from Nemuro!
Shouichi: If it isn't Gakuto! I knew you'd make it back in time for the school trip.
Momoyo: Hey Gakuto, where's your right-hand man Mororo?
Gakuto: ...Oh, Moro's...
Gakuto: You know how stupid he can be... He lost a bet, got involved in a pollack smugglin' ring, and now... I barely recognize the guy.
Takuya: What are you talking about? I'm right here!
Gakuto: Wow, I can't believe you kept up with me.
Takuya: Haha, I built up a lot of muscle working at the fishery.
Momoyo: Heh, so we're all back together before your trip.
Yukie: I wish I were going too!
Yamato: It's your job to watch over the dorm for us, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Momo-senpai said she would visit too.
Momoyo: Yeah... We can't leave a young maiden all by herself. That'd be dangerous.
Momoyo: I'll make sure no wolves come inside.
Yamato: Of course they won't, not when the alpha wolf's already in there.
Momoyo: That's ridiculous. I won't do anything to Mayu-Mayu!
Yukie: Y-Yes, exactly! She's the Goddess of War, after all.
Miyako: When she's fighting, yes, but otherwise she's more like a pervy old man.
Momoyo: We'll have days together in that dorm, just the two of us...
Momoyo: So, well, don't be surprised if there's a few additions to the Family.
Yukie: New family?!
Matsukaze: Yo, Mayucchi, nice!
Yamato: Well... Don't be too friendly, I guess?
*--The secret base.*
Cookie: I can't believe you're going out either.
Cookie: Here's some tea. I know when my wheels would be the third one, so I'll go get some cleaning done.
Yamato: That robot needs to work on his puns...
Kazuko: Oh, there's so many new magazines.
Kazuko: Let's see... I'm a Pisces, so...
Kazuko: 'Time spent with your significant other today will be rewarding.'
Yamato: Oh, reading your fortune? Looks like today's going to be a good day.
Kazuko: And my lucky color is pink.
Yamato: Then we'll have to take good care of Cookie.
Yamato: ...Huh?
*Kazuko was squeezing her grippers.*
Yamato: Haha. Kazuko, you're going to keep training?
Kazuko: Huh?
Yamato: You're working on your grip strength right now.
Kazuko: ...Oh! You're right!
Kazuko: Hahaha, I didn't even think about it.
Yamato: No way, really?
Kazuko: It's like, my body just... starts working out, sometimes. A lot of times.
Kazuko: And I'm still waking up super early in the morning too.
Kazuko: I'm trying to watch late-night TV and get to bed later, but...
Kazuko: It doesn't help.
Yamato: That was your routine for so long.
Kazuko: Yeah...
Kazuko: But there's no point in getting up early anymore...
Kazuko: Ahaha. I should get rid of all the equipment here...
Yamato: Kazuko...
*I hugged her.*
Kazuko: Yamato...
Yamato: Let's find you your new path.
Yamato: I'll be with you all the way.
Kazuko: Yeah... I'm glad you're here.
*Kazuko hugged me back, nice and tight.*
*A little too tight -- she hadn't worked out all these years for nothing.*
Takuya:  Anybody here?
Takuya: Huh? Yamato and Wanko are -- Wha-wha-wha?!
Takuya: I can't believe it! They completely caught me off-guard.
Takuya: Now how long do I wait before going back?
Yukie: Ah, I'm thunderstruck!
Matsukaze: City folk, they're insane. Sendin' a shock through my hooves!
Takuya: Oh, I guess we're in the same boat.
Matsukaze: You shocked by that couple too, Takuyan?
Takuya: Takuyan...? You're funny, Mayucchi.
Yamato: ...The biggest reason why you wanted to be a Kawakami Temple assistant master was...
Kazuko: To be like Onee-sama, and to help her.
Yamato: So you want to help her.
Kazuko: Yeah! I love her!
Kazuko: So I thought I could support her, as an assistant master, but...
Yamato: Couldn't you help her some other way?
Kazuko: But how?
Yamato: You know, like a manager.
Kazuko: Being a manager for the grand master is also a duty of an assistant master.
Yamato: Oh...
Kazuko: ...This isn't working. I can't think of anything.
Yamato: It's too early to give up.
Kazuko: ...'Kay.
Yamato: Here's some meat, for a treat.
Kazuko: ...'Kay. *om nom nom*
Yamato: Good girl. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: ...I'm glad you're here.
Kazuko: Thanks, Yamato.
Yamato: I'm here because I want to be, Kazuko.
*Our faces slid closer together.*
Kazuko: Mn...
Yamato: Nmm...
*And then our lips met.*
Kazuko: We just... kissed.
Yamato: You tasted kinda of oily... I like it.
Kazuko: I-I'm sorry! That must've been because of the meat!
*She wiped her lips dry.*
Kazuko: Mn, now I'm good.
Yamato: Then once more?
Kazuko: 'Kay...
Kazuko: Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: ...Yeah... Now you taste sweet.
Kazuko: ...Hey.
Yamato: I would like to request another.
Kazuko: I accept your challenge. Teigh!
Yamato: Whoa!
*Her teeth crashed into mine.*
Kazuko: Wahh, that hurt!
Yamato: What did you think was gonna happen, you idiot?!
Kazuko: Waaahhh, I'm sorry!
Yamato: You have to be gentle, like this.
Kazuko: Mmm...
Kazuko: ...'Kay, I got it now.
Kazuko: ...Yamato. DOG IT AGAIN.
Yamato: It's 'DO IT AGAIN'... and remember to add 'PLEASE' to the end.
Kazuko: You're not my English teacher...
Yamato: But I still have work to do as a kissing teacher.
Kazuko: *kiss*
Yamato: ...Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...Yamato.
Gakuto: Toh! It's Gakuto time!
*We jumped back and away from each other.*
Takuya: Hello.
Yukie: I hope you don't mind if we come in?
Takuya: Mayucchi, you don't have to be so apologetic. You're our friend.
Yukie: Oh, I'm sorry -- I just...
Gakuto: Behold as I, Shimazu Gakuto, perform the impersonation of the century.
Takuya: ...We're actually doing it? ...Suit yourself. *cough*
Takuya: You're not my English teacher...
Gakuto: But I still have work to do to be a kissing teacher.
Kazuko: Awawawawawa!
Yamato: You were watching?
Gakuto: You're the ones who should've found a room!
Gakuto: And Yamato, you need to work on your one-liners!
Yamato: I don't care what you think, so long as Kazuko liked it.
Yamato: Even the corniest line won't ruin the mood if things are hot and heated enough. Got it?
Kazuko: Um... But Yamato...
Kazuko: I thought that teacher line was kinda stupid too.
Yamato:  You what?!
Gakuto: Gahahaha! You dumbass!
Yamato: Mayucchi, tell me you understand!
Yukie: I-I mean, I don't... Umm... Sure?
Matsukaze: Achoo! Damn, girl, what wrong with me? This September, not cold season!
Yamato: ...Tough crowd.
*It hadn't taken long for us to start fooling around.*
*It was finally time for the school trip. Destination: China.*
*--Haneda Airport, before takeoff.*
Chika: Huh? 2-S gets first class while 2-F's stuck in coach?!
Kyojin: That's how it is. And they stuck me, their teacher, in coach too.
Haguro: Ain't that, like, the worst? Discrimination is so wrong.
Umeko: The S Class students' families paid extra for them to be seated in first class. The school didn't pay for it.
Ikurou: Self-funded? Why do rich people get all the good stuff?
Mitsuru: On another note, Class Rep, you don't look very good. Are you all right?
Mayo: Th-The plane is so big... Is it really going to be able to soar through the air?
Ikurou: Huh? You've never ridden a plane before?!
Mayo: N-No, I'm sorry to say.
Mayo: Has everyone else?
Chika: I mean, like on family trips and stuff?
Mayo: Ooh. And I'm supposed to be the big sister.
Chika: You'll be fine. And I'll be sitting right next to you.
Mayo: Chika-chan...
Umeko: ...Is anyone else feeling unwell?
Tadakatsu: Zzz... Zzz...
Suguru: Now then... Shall I open this Tanaka Romeo light novel?
Gakuto: Believe it or not, we just took a plane the other day.
Takuya: We're old hats by now.
Umeko: Hmm, then you can handle yourselves.
Kyojin: Man, I'm glad we get to go to China together.
Umeko: This is a school event.
Umeko: What took you so long at the security checkpoint?
Kyojin: Yeah, I never thought they'd be that strict.
Kyojin: Well, why don't we chat it up until we're in Chengdu?
Umeko: We need to keep watch over the students.
Kyojin: Oh, let the flight attendants handle that.
Umeko: That would be irresponsible of us.
Umeko: Why don't you check on your own students?
Kyojin: They're in first class!
Kyojin: Fushikawa was even eating caviar. Caviar!
Kyojin: Don't you agree? I mean, you're usually eating rice crackers.
Umeko: ...Not always.
Kyojin: (Mngh, her defenses are impenetrable.)
Chris: How many times have I flown over the years?
Miyako: Mmn, damn the bourgeoisie. I've only flown once.
Kazuko: Isn't it great we got that flight in, Miyako?
Miyako: Mn-hm. Now we can be calm in front of everyone.
Shouichi: What, did you hit some turbulence on your way back from A Prefecture?
Miyako: Wanko was practically screeching, and I turned pale.
Yamato: Oh yeah, that was your virgin flight.
*Wanko and Capt were seated next to me.*
*While Gen-san, Moro, and Gakuto filled the row in front of us.*
*Behind us were Chris and Miyako.*
Yamato: But Capt, that was really generous of you, giving Kazuko the window seat.
Shouichi: I stayed up all night working, so I need to get some shut--Zzz...
Kazuko: Wow... He fell asleep mid-sentence.
Gakuto: Oh, the plane ahead of us just disappeared into the clouds.
Takuya: Then we're next... Oh, it's moving.
*Just before takeoff, the airplane shuddered.*
Mayo: Awawawawawawa! Everything's going wrong!
Chika: Everything's all right, Mayo. Just relax. Relax.
Chika: I'm not bothered at all, so you shouldn't be either.
Chika: Right, Haguro? This is nothing for us.
Haguro: ...So, like, this is, no joke, my first flight too, so...
Haguro: I'm gonna be sick... Urf!
Chika: Whoa -- seriously?!
Chika: Hold it in, Haguro! I'm begging you!
Mayo: A-Are you all right?!
Chika: Huh? Mayo?
Mayo: Oh, when I saw she was in danger, I felt much better!
Chika: Ooh, I wish I had your sense of duty.
Haguro: A beautiful girl like me would never throw up... Gh!
Chika: Shoot! I looked away for one second, and now she's dead or dying!
Mayo: L-Let's get her a bag.
Haguro: Sorry, I won't make it. I'm coming, I'm coming!
Chika: Eeeeeekkkkkk!
Yamato: Sounds like things are getting hairy behind us.
Kazuko: Ooh, why do they have to shake so much...?
Yamato: Oh, I thought you'd be calm.
Yamato: Here, chew on this meat. That'll help.
Kazuko: *munch* *munch*
*Focusing on the food let her calm down.*
Yamato: Look, we're taking off!
Kazuko: Ah, my ears are ringing!
Yamato: This is it.
Kazuko: This is my first time! Yay, yay! I can't wait!
*And so our plane disappeared into the clouds.*
*--The Szechuan Giant Panda Sanctuaries, China.*
*A panda paradise, where all pandas wanted to go. In other words, a zoo.*
*However...*
Suguru: Does not the construction sound thunderously loud to you?!
Mitsuru: You said it. Is this because of the earthquake?
Umeko: That's right. They're still in the middle of repairs.
Umeko: Please try not to let it bother you.
Ikurou: I'm a-ok! All I want to do is take pictures anyways!
Ikurou: Oh, that panda's cute. C'mon, girl, work the camera!
Umeko: You truly do enjoy photography.
Ikurou: Well duh! I'm pumped up to the max!
Ikurou: I mean, think of how much girls will pay for cute photos!
Umeko: You plan to sell them? I shouldn't be surprised...
Ikurou: You can have one of the cutest ones all to yourself.
Umeko: ...Nothing illegal. Am I clear?
Ikurou: It'll just be one of my samples.
Umeko: Well then, I suppose I won't say no.
Ikurou: (Everything's going according to plan!)
Ikurou: (Pictures of pandas? Hah! That's just camouflage.)
Ikurou: (But while everyone else thinks that, I'll really be taking photos of...)
Chika: Oh my gosh, that panda's adorable!
Chika: Do you think he might come closer?
Ikurou: Got 'em! *Click!* *Click!*
Ikurou: (...girls too distracted to realize their panties are showing!)
Ikurou: I'm Fukumoto Ikurou, a photographer of the female form!
Ikurou: ...And yet Chris and her group still won't give me an opening.
Chris: Ohh, they are so cute. Panda, panda
Chris: And look at that one climbing the tree!
Miyako: The pandas here must be used to us, to people being around. They're real crowd-pleasers.
Chris: Oh, he slipped on the top of the tree! Whew, he recovered.
Chris: Hmm, everything about them is adorable.
Gakuto: Kh. Paint them black, and they'd look no different from normal bears.
Takuya: Haha. Are you actually getting jealous of the pandas?
Chris: I also love bears.
Chris: I want to take a picture with them right now!
Takuya: One picture comes out to about 6,000 yen. They sure know how to milk the panda popularity here.
Gakuto: That's expensive. Well, at least ours is included in the trip.
Lu: Alright! It's time to have our pictures taken!
Lu: Everyone line up!
Yamato: Mr. Lu's really getting into it.
Kazuko: This is his hometown.
Kazuko: ...Hmm.
Yamato: You've seemed a bit off all day.
Kazuko: Huh? You noticed?! You really are smart! Maybe even as smart as Hammurabi!
Yamato: Do you even know who Hammurabi is?
Kazuko: He's the one who wrote The Travels of Marco Polo!
Yamato: ...I'm not even gonna bother. So, what's up?
Kazuko: I don't really want to talk about it...
Yamato: Oh. Well, if you say so.
Kazuko: Yeah... Everyone has some secrets.
Yamato: (She spent last night with her group. They probably talked about love interests, or their bodies... Must've been something embarrassing.)
Yamato: I can't stop thinking about it. You sure you don't want to tell me?
Kazuko: Huh? But it's a secret.
Yamato: ... (I stared at her, silently.)
Kazuko: Awawa, don't get all angry at me! I'll tell you the truth!
Yamato: I'm not angry. I just didn't say anything, that's all.
Kazuko: Um, so, um, well... So there were lots of melons.
Yamato: What language are you speaking?
Kazuko: Mel-ons. Lot'sa mel-ons!
Yamato: It's not Chinese, I know that much.
Kazuko: So Onee-sama, she said that since everyone's really developing, bathtime on this trip is going to be a fire sale on giant melons.
Kazuko: And she was right. Everyone has such gazongas!
Yamato: Tell me more.
Kazuko: Well, I've always known that, like, Miyako has a good figure.
Kazuko: But when I really looked, I realized everyone looks that good.
Yamato: Who exactly?
Kazuko: Chikarin in particular... Oh, and Ms. Ume.
Yamato: Wow... I can fantasize about it now.
Kazuko: ...I never really paid any attention to it before.
Kazuko: But now I can't help but compare myself, and...
Yamato: And that came as a shock? (I knew it.)
Kazuko: Yeah, they're so small...
Kazuko: I guess I'm sorry about that, Yamato.
*I...*
Don't worry about it
I'll rub them until they get bigger
There's more to a woman than her chest
You make up for it with that ass
Yamato: It's absolutely nothing to worry about. *head pat*
Yamato: I'll rub them until they get bigger.
Kazuko: Pervert!
Yamato: All men are perverts.
Kazuko: Oooh...
Yamato: Well, moving on...
Yamato: There's more to a woman than her chest, Kazuko!
Kazuko: You sound really passionate about this...
Yamato: Look, just listen up.
Yamato: You make up for it with that ass.
Kazuko: Huh? Make up for it... How?
Yamato: ...As in being some rocks I want to drill.
Kazuko: ......?
*Dammit, she was too innocent for this kind of talk.*
*My mind was really going places on this trip. Perverted places.*
Yamato: Well, forget about that. But hear me out.
Yamato: So honestly... Kazuko, I'm not going to stop liking you because your proportions are a little different.
Yamato: There's absolutely nothing for you to worry about.
Yamato: If anything, you feeling down will just make me feel depressed, too.
Kazuko: Yamato, thank you so much for saying that. *Hug!*
Yamato: Whoa, that was sudden.
Kazuko: My sickness is acting up... And the only cure... Is kisses.
Yamato: You're asking for a kiss? Fine. How many?
Kazuko: Umm, err, well...
Yamato: Two?
Kazuko: No! That's not enough!
Yamato: Three? You want three whole kisses? Someone's a greedy little pup.
Kazuko: Yeah... But the pandas are watching.
Yamato: Let them watch. We've been watching them so it's only fair.
Kyojin: How about no? No public displays of affection, you two.
Kazuko: A local just told us off...
Kyojin: I'm not a local! How'd you forget what I look like?!
Kyojin: Look, that's what they've got hotels for.
Kyojin: So stop being a moral hazard out here.
Yamato: All right. Mm.
Kazuko: Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: We'll just do it once.
Kazuko: Eheheh.
Kyojin: ...Go fuck yourselves.
Yamato: All right, then let's focus on watching the pandas now.
Kazuko: 'Kay! By the way, pandas aren't a type of dog, right?
Yamato: They're cats, sort of. They're a completely different species from dogs like you.
Kazuko: Weird, 'cause I feel like we understand each other.
Kazuko: Oh, that baby panda's so cute.
Yamato: Yeah... Hm?
Kazuko: I want my picture taken with her.
Yamato: Sounds good... Hm?
*There was a warning sign posted.*
*Judging from the Chinese on there...*
Yamato: Haha, it costs twice as much -- 12,000 yen -- for a picture with a baby.
Kazuko: Wow, they're shrewd.
Kazuko: Then I'll have a normal picture. That'll still be fun.
Yamato: It's almost our turn.
Kazuko: Yay! Charge!
Umeko: You two are taking yours together, right?
Kazuko: We'll be back later with Chris and Miyako too, but yeah.
Umeko: Then put on these rubber gloves and boots.
Yamato: Why're we equipping such low-tier defensive gear? For hygiene?
Umeko: That's right. Pandas are delicate creatures.
Kazuko: All right. Okay, okay.
*Chris was having her photo taken in front of us.*
Chris: What? The baby panda costs twice as much, and I have to pay out-of-pocket?
Chris: I do not care! That is what I want!
*She was acting like a spoiled princess.*
Gakuto: We can go with a regular panda.
Takuya: Right? They're still just as cute.
Panda: *chew* *munch*
Takuya: Oh, he's eating bamboo! There, there.
Panda: *munch* *munch*
Lu: Okay, time to take the photo. Say cheese.
Gakuto: Someone's takin' all this really calmly, Mr. Panda.
Lu: He's had photos taken of him for years. He's a pro.
Panda: *munch* *chew*
Takuya: Hmm. He's cute, but not cute cute.
Kazuko: 'Kay, we're up next!
Lu: Oh, Kazuko! Now get next to the panda!
Panda: *chew* *munch*
Kazuko: Hello there.
Panda: *glance*... *chew* *munch*
Kazuko: Nice to meet you.
Panda: ......
Kazuko: Okay, sure.
Panda: ......
Kazuko: I know, right?
Yamato: Uh, what're you two talking about?
Kazuko: He's really worried that funding for the special economic zone might run out.
Yamato: Seriously?! That's what you talk about while chewing on bamboo?!
Panda: ......
Yamato: Oh, he's really attached to you.
*The panda snuggled up to Kazuko.*
*And an attendant rushed over to pull it away.*
*But the panda wanted nothing of it.*
Attendant: Wow, I've never seen Tu Qiao act this close to a stranger.
Kazuko: Wahaha, he likes me.
Yamato: He's a male, isn't he?
Kazuko: Yamato, you're jealous!
Yamato: N-No I'm not!
Kazuko: Hm? ...O-Oh, that's cute!
Yamato: Hm? A one-of-a-kind professionally made stuffed panda?
Attendant: That isn't for sale, not even if you Japanese open up your wallet.
Attendant: It's a prize for tomorrow's event.
Yamato: (A prize for tomorrow...?)
Lu: Kazuko, the picture came out great.
Kazuko: Thank you very much!
*It was a cozy picture of the two of us and the panda.*
*...What a pandarific day.*
*For the third day, we were free to do what we wanted.*
Shouichi: My merry companions -- I mean, group members. Everybody present and accounted for?
Kazuko: Yep yep! I'm here, and ready for action!
Miyako: As am I. Because I am everywhere. Understand, Yamato?
Yamato: Ignoring her, I said, Huh? I don't see Chris.
Chris: I am right here! How rude.
Gakuto: C'mon, let's head outside. I'm all dressed up.
Takuya: (What part of you is... Never mind.) So we're still planning to walk around and eat?
Shouichi: Yeah actually, I thought I'd mix things up a bit.
Takuya: Whoa. That's the last thing I ever want to hear on a trip.
Shouichi: I slipped out of the hotel last night.
Yamato: Yeah. You were missing, now that you mention it.
Shouichi: I wanted to take a look around and see if I couldn't find something interesting.
Shouichi: And check this out. This is the The Panda Paradise Relay Race!
Yamato: Wow, the flyer's in Japanese.
Shouichi: I had them make one for me last night.
Takuya: But how? You can't speak Chinese.
Shouichi: With body language. You'd be surprised how often that gets the message across.
Kazuko: It's super important. You can even talk to animals that way.
Yamato: For the two of you maybe, but not for anyone else... Anyways, you said something about a race?
Chris: Is this not the same one we saw near the pandas yesterday?
Chris: I could not understand the Chinese one yesterday, of course, but I do recognize the picture.
Miyako: So we're entering this? It does say seven people to a group.
Shouichi: And there's seven of us. And check out the grand prize! Rare items you can't find for sale anywhere!
Kazuko: Ah, and that includes that stuffed panda from yesterday!
Miyako: The one that caught your eye? Let me take a closer look.
Miyako: Hmm. That knitting does looks sensible.
Gakuto: And the food looks amazing!
Takuya: And those bootleg electronics don't look half bad.
Shouichi: Right? If they're not selling, then we gotta go win them!
Chris: Sounds interesting. The thought of going all-out in a foreign land is tempting.
Shouichi: For this battle, we'll be running laps around the panda center.
Shouichi: We can do it! Kazama Family, move out!
Shouichi: I'll be the lead runner, and I'll get us a huge lead!
*On a whim, Capt had completely changed our plans for the day.*
*...That happened a lot, didn't it?*
Attendant: Oh, you're the ones from yesterday. ...Oh, so you're here for the relay race?
*A lot of people had gathered at the panda center.*
Attendant: But be careful. There's already twenty groups signed up, and they look serious.
Attendant: This might be a bit much for a group of students just looking to have fun.
Yamato: Nah, I think we've got a pretty good chance.
*With the sound of a gong, the race was on.*
*Everyone set off.*
Gakuto: Wow, you're right. Each and every one of them's pretty fast.
Attendant: Haha, is your group coming in last? You know, there's no shame in dropping--.
Yamato: No, he's the one in the lead!
Attendant: ...Huh?
Shouichi: Hahah! Looks like you're a pretty fast crowd!
Shouichi: But there's no one alive who's fast enough to catch the wind! Whooaaaa!
*Capt was leaving everyone in the dust as he completed his lap.*
Attendant: D-Don't tell me you're all that fast!
Takuya: I'll do my best too!
Attendant: Oh, your second kid's not all that.
*Moro ran with everything he had, but he still failed to maintain the lead Capt had earned us.*
Gakuto: All right! Leave this to me!
*The baton handoff was perfect.*
Takuya: Huff... Huff... Huff... I'm dead.
Yamato: Moro, you did good. Nobody passed you.
Takuya: That's because Capt got us a strong lead.
Takuya: I pushed myself to make up for my lack of skill. That's something you can't do in soccer or baseball where determination alone won't win you the game.
Yamato: Well, you're not wrong. Okay, I'm up next.
*Three people passed Gakuto, putting us in fourth.*
Gakuto: Yamato! Take this baton, and all the manly sweat I've poured onto it!
Yamato: Stop making me want to throw it in the dirt!
*One lap. 800 meters. I was an average runner, but three people were already ahead of me.*
*So, how should I do this?*
Start off like a rocket and pass all three
Set a pace and put the girls in a position to win
Yamato: Yeah, it's time for...
Yamato: A mad dash!
*I sprinted off at full speed.*
*The people right in front of me were soon in range.*
Kazuko: Wow. Yamato, faster faster faster! Pass them!
Miyako: That seems too fast... He might not last.
*I blasted past all three around the midway point.*
Kazuko: Wow! That was so cool, Yamato!
Yamato: (I feel like I'm on top of the world!)
*But by the end...*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff...
*Exhausted, five runners passed me.*
Shouichi: Man, isn't the tactician supposed to be the one makin' the smart calls?
Yamato: S-Sorry.
Miyako: Leave it to me. I'll never drop your baton of love.
*Miyako practically flew off from the starting line.*
*She ran like there was no tomorrow.*
Takuya: Wow, amazing! Miyako's serious as serious can be.
Chris: How unfortunate that she must make up for you.
Yamato: Ugh!
Chris: Well, relax. I will make up ground as well.
*Miyako passed two of the runners before making it back.*
Miyako: Chris, here!
Chris: Leave it to me!
*Chris dashed off at an amazing pace of her own.*
*But that was all she had in the tank. She only passed one person on her lap.*
*...Her injury must still be hurting her.*
Yamato: Okay. Slow and steady... with a splash of passion.
Yamato: I will do the best I can!
*I ran, making sure not to run recklessly fast.*
*Yet, in the sorrowful pattern every tactician knows far too well...*
*...I fell further behind the three in front of me.*
*But I managed to get the baton to Miyako without anyone else passing me.*
Yamato: Baton pass!
Miyako: Mn-hm. Leave it to me!
*Miyako sprinted past a one runner who'd been alongside me and started jocking with the leading group.*
Chris: Excellent. I can pass them from there.
*The baton passed from Miyako to Chris.*
Chris: (Oof... My injury is acting up...)
Shouichi: Chris's got speed, but I thought she had more to her than that.
Kazuko: She did just get out of the hospital. She's really pushing herself hard.
Miyako: Oh, she passed one. Heheh, she really isn't one to take a loss sitting down.
*Chris came back.*
Yamato: Kazuko, you're our anchor. Finish this!
Kazuko: 'Kay! Leave it to me!
Chris: ...It is up to you, Kazuko! Catch those two!
Kazuko: Okay! GOOOOOOO!
*She shot off like a bullet.*
*She passed the two people in front of her before I could blink.*
Attendant: That girl's amazingly fast! Who is she?
Yamato: She's Kawakami Kazuko...
Yamato: A girl who's spent the last ten years running nonstop.
Attendant: Huh?
Yamato: Up until the start of September, she went ten straight years without once skipping leg day.
Miyako: She ran and ran, even if she started throwing up.
Takuya: And usually, she did so with weights strapped to her.
Attendant: B-But there's no way she can keep up that pace.
*And yet she did.*
Attendant: Impossible...
Kazuko: (Wow. My body's doing whatever I ask of it!)
Kazuko: (They're gaining on me, but I won't lose now!)
Kazuko: (I can run so freely!)
Kazuko: (I'm amazing, if I do say so myself!)
Kazuko: First place!
*Kazuko pumped her fist as she crossed the finish line.*
Yamato: Nice going, Kazuko!
**hug**
Kazuko: Wow, what a nice welcome back! Ahahaha!
Yamato: You don't seem tired at all.
Attendant: Wh-Who are you guys?
Shouichi: We're the Kazama Family, and we're here to win!
Miyako: And win we have. Heh heh heh.
Kazuko: I'll take the stuffed pa--
Chris: Oh! There is a stuffed panda!
Chris: Yes, that will be mine!
*Chris grabbed the stuffed panda and hugged it to her chest.*
Miyako: Knee chop.
Chris: Wah?
Miyako: You have no idea how to take a hint, do you? (She took the panda away.)
Chris: Ah! What are you doing?!
Miyako: Here you are, Wanko.
Yamato: So you see, blah blah blah blah blah, so now blah blah blah.
Chris: ...Oh, Kazuko wanted it from the start?
Chris: Then you should have said something. I nearly took it away.
Yamato: You never gave her a chance. You practically pounced on it.
Chris: Mn. Ahem. In that case, what should I take...
Kazuko: If you want it that badly, I guess you can have it?
Chris: Truly?!
Chris: Thank you, Kazuko... Ah!
Yamato: (What a spoiled kid...)
Chris: No... *Cough!*
Chris: You should keep it.
Chris: I will take the necklace instead. It is rather cute itself.
Miyako: (Oh, she's matured a bit.)
*And so we fairly divvied up the prizes.*
*.........*
*--That night, at the hotel.*
Yamato: All the Kuki Conglomerate hotels are alike.
*Inside, it felt like I was back in Japan.*
Umeko: That, Naoe, is so guests can feel at home when away from home.
Yamato: Ms. Ume.
Umeko: I hear you performed well against the locals today.
Yamato: I feel like I was more of a drag on the team... But the rest of the team, especially Kazuko, really picked up the slack.
Umeko: Oh, Kazuko... I hear you two a couple now.
Yamato: O-Okay.
Umeko: Now that she's lost her dream, she's feeling lost. Support her.
Yamato: Of course, that is my intention.
Umeko: However, don't do anything foolish during this trip.
Umeko: I had better not see you heading anywhere near the girls' room.
Yamato: *gulp* What if I happen to be there?
Umeko: Today, down at the local Suikoden shop, I purchased a pair of flaming Huyan Zhuo whips.
Yamato: Oh, you powered up your equipment?
*She's so scary... And with twin whips it would be double the pain.*
*--Late night, in Boys Room A.*
*In here were myself, Shouichi, Gakuto, Takuya, Ikurou, Suguru, and Mitsuru.*
Ikurou: So then. I think it's about time we start--
Yamato: We're starting nothing. I have information suggesting that security around the bath's been tightened after the Class C idiots got caught.
Ikurou: ...So?
Yamato: Uh, don't 'so' me.
Ikurou: You can't stop me from going. From solving the mystery of the feminine form.
Yamato: Pretty sure it's not a mystery to you.
Ikurou: After all, I did just let out a load in the bath.
Gakuto: Hey, that's a public bath!
Ikurou: And so my lusts are gone, leaving me with the wisdom of a sage.
Ikurou: I had to do that, or else I would've lost control at the sight of a naked body.
Yamato: Weren't you listening? Security's on high alert thanks to those idiots.
Yamato: Get caught, and you might even be expelled. Just don't.
Ikurou: I am Ero.
Yamato: I already know that!
Ero: It is healthy and just for children our age to be interested in the opposite sex.
Ero: Hence, here I stand in pursuit of the mysteries of the female flesh.
Ero: Naoe-kun, will you not join in my journey of discovery?
Ero: Right now, the girls of 2-S are taking their bath.
Ero: The likes of Sakakibara Koyuki, Fushikawa Kokoro, Margit, and Oshitari Azumi are there to be beheld.
Ero: Come with me, Naoe-kun.
Yamato: I have a girlfriend.
Ero: So? This has nothing to do with that.
Ero: Even though there is one you love, there is no shame in feeling lust for another. It is not as if you are cheating on her.
Yamato: Hmm.
Takuya: Don't tell me you're considering it! Is he actually winning you over?!
Suguru: I sense that Yonpachi's intelligence has increased remarkably.
Ero: Yes, for I will do anything for the erotic. That desire has evolved my very brain, shockingly enough.
Gakuto: Well, seein' them naked would be payback for all the times they've made fun of us.
Gakuto: I shall go! To the bath where the 2-S girls are at!
Suguru: How foolish... Moro, stay and game with me.
Takuya: Yeah... Kuma-chan's already asleep, and I wouldn't want him to wake up alone.
Yamato: Cut the chatter. Someone's coming!
Touma: Good evening, Yamato-kun.
Jun: Yo, how's it going?
Gakuto: What are you two honor students doin' here? Nobody asked for you.
Touma: Now, now. Please hear us out.
Touma: Jun and I are on the verge of going to enjoy ourselves in the girls' room.
Yamato: The girls' rooms? They've got people on watch.
Touma: There are... ways. Isn't that right, Jun?
Jun: Yeah... I'm craving to see your class rep.
Touma: And so we are off to the 2-F girls' room.
Touma: However, that room is also shared by Kawakami-san, Shiina-san, and Chris-san.
Touma: As such, gentlemen of the Kazama Family, would you like to accompany us?
Jun: It's a tough journey to make with just the two of us.
Shouichi: Man, sneaking past all that surveillance sounds sweet.
Shouichi: Hanging with Chris and all them sounds sweet too.
Shouichi: I'm in! To the girls' room!
*Umm, so it looked like we were splitting into three groups.*
*The awakened Yonpachi and Gakuto would be peeping at the bath.*
*Touma, Jun, and Capt were headed for the girls' room.*
*Moro, Suguru, and Kuma-chan were staying here.*
*But what about me? I decided to...*
Peep inside the 2-S girls' bath
Sneak into the girls' room to see Kazuko
Play it safe and stay
*I loved Kazuko.*
*But sometimes, a perv just had to perv.*
Yamato: I won't go to the girls' room.
Shouichi: You won't? Later then.
*And then, after they'd left...*
Yamato: ...Let's go peep!
Ero: You've made the wise choice, Yamato-san. The choice a man should.
Ero: Oh, those 2-F fools. How blind they are to our upcoming invasion of their classmates' privacy.
Gakuto: Time to have some fun. Charge!
*We headed for the girls' hot spring.*
*First, we entered the first floor of the east building, on the men's side.*
Ero: The journey was easy thus far, yet it is the central hallway that spells danger.
Ero: We must find some way through...
Ero: Lest we never make it to the girls' bath in the west building.
Yamato: There's a ton of people on watch. Security's too tight.
Gakuto: What about from outside?
Ero: A number of brave comrades attempted that path, yet I have lost contact with them all. I fear they are already dead, or at least wish they were.
Ero: Something dangerous lurks outside.
*Ikurou peered up at the ceiling.*
Ero: I believe we should enter via the ventilation ducts in the first floor bathroom.
Gakuto: Yeah, that's the only way. Though that's like somethin' robbers would do.
Ero: The ventilation ducts should take us straight to the hot spring.
Ero: That should be our plan.
*And so we snuck up through the toilet and into the air ducts.*
Ero: This feels good... Let us proceed past the central hallway.
*We reached the west building.*
Gakuto: Everything's going smoothly. Party time's comin' up soon, I can feel it.
Yamato: ...I have a bad feeling about this.
*Anyone could have thought up coming through the air ducts.*
*Why wasn't anyone guarding it?*
*Did they simply figure no one would actually go this far?*
*Something felt wrong. Horribly wrong.*
*I decided to...*
Trust my instincts and got out of the ceiling
Decide to keep going
Wait and moved carefully
Yamato: --Let's bail.
Gakuto: Why? We're so close!
Yamato: This is too easy. It won't work.
Ero: ...I will not discount the instincts of a tactician.
Ero: You have my faith. Slow and steady wins the race, does it not?
Gakuto: ...Fine. Well, I trust Yamato too.
*We climbed out of the ventilation shaft.*
Gakuto: We're back in the boys' bathroom on the west building's first floor. Now what?
Yamato: Leave it to me. I have some connections with a certain member of the teaching staff.
Yamato: I'll call in support from him.
Gakuto: Isn't that askin' too much?
Yamato: He owes me more than a few favors. Leave it to me.
Ero: Then Gakuto and I will take this time to scout.
Ero: Conduct negotiations with the teacher henceforth.
Yamato: No stupid risks, okay?
Gakuto: The girls' bath is... this way. That's what the sign says.
Ero: There don't seem to be many guards over here. I think we can make it.
Gakuto: Just get past the central hallway, and everything else is easy street.
Ero: The girls' bath is right past this door.
Gakuto: The sign was really clear.
*Gakuto and Yonpachi opened the door to find...*
Umeko: Oh, someone fell for the trap.
Ero: ...?!
Umeko: Wait, you're my students? You fools!
Ero: Gwah! Wh-Why?!
Umeko: That sign you saw was a fake.
Gakuto: N-No way!
Umeko: We are going to have a nice, long conversation about this!
*I hung up my phone. I'd finished arranging things with Mr. Beard.*
Yamato: All good. He'll make sure we make it to the hot spring.
Yamato: But why aren't Yonpachi and Gakuto back yet?
*...No. It seemed more likely that they weren't coming back.*
*They must've carelessly gone too deep.*
*But I would never forget their sacrifices.*
*--Near the hot spring.*
Yamato: ...I'm finally here. Alone, but here.
Azumi: Ah, this bath is great.
Yamato: ...I need to stare triply hard, for their sakes.
*Three, two, one!*
Yamato: Ah!
Koyuki: Hmm, hmm, hmmm
*I saw before me the voluptuous rear end...*
*...of Sakakibara Koyuki.*
Yamato: Nice and plump. A true ass's ass.
*And she stepped about so innocently...*
*That I got the occasional glimpse of her secret garden.*
Azumi: Hah! This sake hits the spot!
Azumi: We go all the way to China, and we wind up in a hot spring. Beautiful!
*There rested the slender, well-toned body...*
*...of Oshitari Azumi.*
*And she was so defenseless! I could see everything!*
Margit: ...I do enjoy these places on occasion.
Margit: I wish Frau Chris could accompany me here.
*Hers was a warrior body pruned of any and all flab.*
*Leaving her bust to project proudly above her washboard abs.*
*And every time she recrossed her legs, I caught a glimpse of what lay between.*
*...And finally.*
Kokoro: Yes, no Japanese woman can do without a hot spring.
*She was showing it all! And she had no hair down there.*
*And she was facing me, letting me see all the better.*
Koyuki: *stare*
Kokoro: Wh-Why are you staring at me?
Koyuki: You're lucky. Your shoulders must not get stiffies at all.
Kokoro: What is that supposed to mean?!
Azumi: Gimme some peace, you brats.
Azumi: A hot spring's where you're supposed to kick back and enjoy a good drink.
Margit: You are too drunk, Azumi. Are you not a warrior?
Azumi: What's the big deal? A real soldier knows how to get herself nice and wasted.
Azumi: C'mon, Margit. Don't go making me drink alone!
Margit: Let us not.
Koyuki: Then pick me! I'll drink!
Azumi: This stuff's too strong for you, kid.
Kokoro: Allow me to partake as well.
Azumi: A girl who's smooth as a baby's bum's too young to be having any of this.
Kokoro: That is none of your business!
Yamato: Man, what a view.
Yamato: I could watch for days.
*It was truly a night to remember.*
*The guys who had been trying to sneak into the girls' room found that the security around Class F's room was too tight, and so settled on Class B's.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*A beautiful end to the third day.*
*No, better to keep going.*
*I couldn't chicken out now.*
*I made up my mind -- forward ho!*
Gakuto: Heheh. We're almost at heaven's door.
Gakuto: This is my last run. After this, I'm goin' back to the honest life.
Ero: I keep thinking about my family... I hope they're doing well.
*Their words sounded like a jinx.*
Yamato: Guys, think before you ta--
Yamato: ...?!
*Something snapped at my hand.*
*Hey. No. Wait.*
*Gakuto, Yonpachi, and I were the only ones up here.*
*Gakuto and Yonpachi were in front of me.*
*So... Who'd grabbed my hand?*
Lu: Hi, caught you!
Yamato: Whoa! Mr. Lu?!
Lu: You fools. This area is under my guard.
Ero: I don't believe it...
Lu: You're all caught! There's no use in running.
Yamato: (This is the worst! But there must be some way to turn this around!)
Ero: ...I regret... nothing...
*What a stupid way to get caught.*
Yamato: I'm sorry. I just wanted to meet with my girlfriend.
Lu: Even that is against the rules! You are in for a long lecture.
*And so our night proved tragic.*
*Assistant Master Lu raked us over the coals.*
*(The only salvation was that we hadn't been caught in the act of peeking. We simply said we were heading over to hang out with the girls.)*
*That could have gone better...*
*The guys who had been trying to sneak into the girls' room found that the security around Class F's room was too tight, and so settled on Class B's.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*A miserable end to the third day.*
Yamato: Something feels wrong... Let's take this slow.
Gakuto: Slow? When naked bodies are just feet away?!
Ero: No, he's right. We're moving too fast. Slow and steady.
Gakuto: You're only sayin' that because you jacked off already.
*We took our time, making sure we weren't stepping into any traps.*
Yamato: Someone's coming!
Gakuto: You're right! I can sense them!
Ero: ...There's something dangerous in these ducts!
Gakuto: We can take this route back to the boys' bathroom in the west building.
Yamato: Great. Let's get out of here!
*We climbed out of the ventilation shaft.*
Gakuto: ...West building, first floor. Now what?
Yamato: Leave it to me. I have some connections with a certain member of the teaching staff.
Yamato: I'll call in support from him.
Gakuto: You think a teacher would be on board with that?
Yamato: He owes me more than a few favors. Leave it to me.
*I hung up my phone. I'd finished arranging things with Mr. Beard.*
Ero: How'd it go?
Yamato: Perfect. He'll make sure we get to the hot spring.
Ero: Wow... Your connections are powerful things.
Yamato: Well, his story's going to be that he didn't see anything.
Ero: That would be the way for him to best protect himself, yes.
Gakuto: How long are you gonna keep talkin' like that?
*--In the ducts.*
Lu: ...Mm. I came having sensed someone, but...
Lu: No one's here. However, I am certain someone was a moment ago.
Lu: Were they here to peep, perhaps?
Lu: That's a dirty deed done dirt cheap.
*--Near the hot spring.*
Gakuto: Heheheh. We're finally here.
Ero: Finally, the mystery of the female body will be revealed to us this night.
Koyuki: Ahaha
Yamato: I can even hear them laughing.
Ero: Now, to the path of nubile dreams!
Gakuto: Buckle in your seat belts, because we're goin' for a ride.
Yamato: Put the pedal to the metal!
Koyuki: Best bath ever.
Ero: Towels... Why must I accept their cursed existence?!
Koyuki: Mnn, stupid towel.
Margit: You will bear with it, Koyuki.
Azumi: Intel suggests there are peeping toms on the loose.
Kokoro: It is strictly a precaution.
Koyuki: Mn...
Gakuto: What gives? Why'd this have to happen, Yonpachi?!
Ero: ...I don't know what's going on here.
Yamato: ...We should start figuring out how we're going to get back.
*And so our night proved mediocre.*
*The guys who had been trying to sneak into the girls' room found that the security around Class F's room was too tight, and so settled on Class B's.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*An average end to the third day.*
Yamato: I want to see Kazuko. I'll go to the girls' room.
Touma: Together, I am certain we can make it there.
Shouichi: Sweet! Then let's set off on our adventure! And I'm the leader!
Jun: We go in search of the greatest treasure in the world -- 2-F's Class Rep.
Yamato: Speak for yourself.
Jun: Let me explain the situation. The girls' room is in the west building.
Jun: We're in the east building, and between are over ten teachers patrolling the hallway. They're in groups of four and stay in contact.
Shouichi: Sounds tough right out of the gate, but I like a challenge.
Shouichi: I'm thinking maybe we should head around outside and sneak in through the window?
Jun: No can do. Kuki Hideo volunteered the Servant Corps. They're deployed outside the west building.
Jun: Try that, and you're not getting home alive.
Shouichi: How about we try the vents?
Touma: I believe Mr. Lu is patrolling thereabouts.
Yamato: Damn... Then that's too risky. So we're going to have to brave the central hallway?
Shouichi: I'm feeling fired up. Yamato, got a plan?
Yamato: What if we disguised ourselves as hotel workers? They wear hats here, so if we pull the brim down low...
Touma: That is the exact same thought I had. Why am I not surprised?
Touma: Though if I were to make a suggestion, it would be that we don the staff's full uniforms.
Touma: I earlier wooed one of the female employees into providing me a set of spare uniforms.
Yamato: Then we're all set. This should go off without a hitch.
Touma: I believe there are teachers on each floor of the west building.
Shouichi: There ain't even a single one in ours! That's blatant discrimination if I've ever seen it.
Jun: The question is, how do we break past the guards?
Yamato: Leave it to me. I'll contact a teacher I know.
Yamato: He owes me more than a few favors. Leave it to me.
*I hung up my phone. I'd finished arranging things with Mr. Beard.*
Jun: Looking good?
Yamato: Looking perfect. He'll help us out once we get to the first floor of the west building.
Touma: I see you have far more pull with the male teachers than I do.
Shouichi: We're all set to go. Let's get this show on the road.
Touma: As good as our disguises may be, the central passageway will still prove a challenge, I am sure.
Shouichi: You're such a baby. I'll show you how it's done.
*Capt donned the uniform and shot out into the central hallway.*
History Teacher: Hohoho. Maro has assembled a ironclad defense, yes.
History Teacher: The students will not be able to get through this, no.
History Teacher: Maro will suffer no flirtatious behavior on this trip!
*Capt strode straight into the west building, with Maro none the wiser.*
Jun: Wow, he waltzed right in there.
Touma: His utter lack of timidity likely forbade any suspicion on the teacher's part.
Touma: Splendidly done. Let us follow suit.
*We changed as well and cut through the passageway.*
History Teacher: Besides, students these days are simply too indecent, yes.
History Teacher: Why is the exchange of letters not sufficient to satisfy their lusts?
History Teacher: That is all that Maro could hope for.
*We made it into the est building unimpeded.*
Kyojin: Oh, that you there? You sure went all-out on the plan.
Kyojin: C'mon. I'll show you to the emergency stairwell.
Kyojin: From here on in, they're checking ID's. Those disguises won't get you anywhere.
Yamato: Crystal.
Kyojin: Hey, things are now square between us. I didn't see anything.
Yamato: 2-F's on the fourth floor, right? That's our goal. But don't let your guards down.
*We headed up towards the fourth floor.*
Jun: Someone's coming.
Yamato: Mmngh... A patrol?
Shouichi: That corner's a blind spot. Let's hide there.
*Capt's pinpoint decision-making got us past the patrols.*
Jun: Damn, how'd you know they wouldn't look here? You're like a beast out here.
Shouichi: I just know those things. It's kinda like how a soccer player can see where to pass the ball?
*And so we made it to the fourth floor hallway.*
Yamato: Wanko's somewhere on this floor...
*When I'd texted her earlier, she'd said they were in Room 4024.*
Jun: What room was it?
Yamato: 40--
Jun: Someone powerful showed up out of nowhere!
Umeko: What are you four doing?!
*Said a sharp, yet familiar voice behind us.*
Jun: Shit, I never thought the patrollers would hide their auras.
Touma: Well, we have certainly managed to make fools of ourselves.
Shouichi: Gegh, and it has to be our homeroom teacher too.
Yamato: Everyone, Plan D. Good luck.
Shouichi: That's the way it's gotta be! Over and out!
*Capt and I set off the smoke bombs we had on hand.*
Umeko: Mn?! Smokescreens?!
Yamato: Scatter! Now! It's every man for himself!
Jun: Young master, let's seek shelter in a nearby room.
Touma: But that wouldn't be Class F's... Well, I suppose I would be satisfied with any girls' room.
*I dashed down the hallway.*
Umeko: Stop!
*Capt and the others must've fled to one of the closer rooms.*
*But for me, it was Wanko's or bust. What was her room number again?: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
4023
4024
Yamato: Here! This is the door!
*I boldly barged down the door.*
Yamato: ...Wait. This isn't...
Haguro: Wohoo! We got ourselves some D!
*Shoot! Wrong room!*
Haguro: You came all this way to hang with us? Then I ain't sayin' no.
Yamato: Nah, I'm a complete gentleman who happened to enter the wrong room.
Haguro: Don't chicken out! What are you, like, a tsundere?!
Yamato: I think we both know that's not it.
Haguro: It's late, we're in a foreign land, and there's no stoppin' me! Let's go!
Yamato: N-Noooooo!
*And so my night proved wretched.*
*I somehow made it out of there with my chastity intact, but...*
*That could have gone better...*
*What a mess.*
*The peekers trudged their way back to our room without ever making it to the bath.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*The others had made it into Class B's room.*
Yamato: A chaotic end to the third day.
*This one! I choose the red door!*
Yamato: ...Hey, I--
Kazuko: Ah! Yamato!
*Wanko gave me a flying hug.*
Yamato: Geez... Guess I made the right choice.
Chris: You barge in through the door, and your first word is 'geez'?
Miyako: You made it through all that security? Amazing.
Mayo: You must have truly missed Wanko-chan.
Chika: You two are so madly in love, I'm jealous.
Mayo: I would normally be very upset at you for this, but when Wanko-chan's this happy, I can't bring myself to be mad.
Mayo: So I'll be lenient, but just this once.
Yamato: Haha. Thanks, Class Rep.
Miyako: ...Things sound hectic outside.
Chika: We probably should keep that door nice and closed.
Kazuko: Just sleep in here. You can join me in my bed.
Chika: But no funny business!
Chris: How can you even suggest such a... But I suppose it is Yamato!
Chris: If Kazuko takes responsibility for his behavior, I will not object.
*They were treating me like the dog instead of Kazuko, but I could live with that.*
Kazuko: Mneh heh heh.
*After all, I had Kazuko.*
*It was truly a night to remember.*
*What a mess.*
*The peekers trudged their way back to our room without ever making it to the bath.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*A beautiful end to the third day.*
Yamato: Wait... Ugh! Which room was it again?!
Umeko: It is too late for you to escape, uncultured swine!
Umeko: Wait -- Naoe?!
Umeko: You even disguised yourself to attempt something this inane?!
Yamato: If you'll just hear me out, I promise I have a perfectly rational explanation for this.
Umeko: I told you I would not tolerate anything of this nature!
Yamato: Y-You won't hear me out?!
Umeko: Now come! I'll lecture you in my room!
*And so my night proved wretched.*
*She thoroughly raked me over the coals.*
*That could have gone better...*
*What a mess.*
*The peekers trudged their way back to our room without ever making it to the bath.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*A miserable end to the third day.*
Yamato: Every other choice seems doomed to end in disaster.
Yamato: I'll stay here.
Touma: Ah yes, the absolutely safe choice. What better way for a tactician to avoid defeat?
Gakuto: You shoulda gone for it, man. Ah well.
*The group heading to the girls' room soon left, with the peekers leaving a few minutes later.*
Suguru: Good grief. Those people are never up to any good.
Takuya: They just don't know how to be mature.
Suguru: But enough of them. Moro, what do you think of Bamboo Blade?
Takuya: Oh, that's a fun series. Each of the characters feels unique.
Suguru: In the first volume, the author commented that he built the story around the characters. Never has something rung more true.
Takuya: If I had to guess, I'd say Tama-chan's your waifu?
Suguru: Indeed. Were only I able to see superhero movies with her.
Yamato: Is Bamboo Blade a manga? Is it good?
Suguru: Yes, with an excellent balance between humor and drama. The many girls' antics are fun to behold.
Takuya: I'll bring the first volume to the secret base next week.
Takuya: ...Though bringing a book about kendo girls to a base filled with samurai girls feels wrong, somehow.
Suguru: Ah yes, they are somewhat reminiscent of Kawakami and the others. Though a comparison of 2D with 3D can only end in sorrow.
*And so I dove into the conversation on manga and anime.*
*What a mess.*
*The guys who had been trying to sneak into the girls' room found that the security around Class F's room was too tight, and so settled on Class B's.*
Shouichi: It was totally boring in there with all those girls.
*Capt looked disappointed.*
*An uneventful end to the third day.*
*--The final day.*
*Before heading to the airport, we first stopped to pick up souvenirs.*
Chika: You know how you like, always wind up buying these meaningless things?
Chika: They just wind up in the garbage... Hmm.
Ikurou: Why aren't there any bargain bin pornos, dammit?
Takuya: Why would they have those at the hotel store?
Gakuto: Forget that -- You're finally talkin' normally again, Yonpachi.
Chris: What should I get for Father? I do not know.
Takuya: We have to buy something for Mayucchi too.
Miyako: What would she like?
Takuya: What about this panda? It looks something like Matsukaze?
Miyako: Do you want her to have two talking animals?
Takuya: Ahaha, that would be awful. They'd probably be brothers too.
Kyojin: Ms. Kojima, let me buy you a gift.
Umeko: That won't be necessary.
Kyojin: You could've at least thought about it first.
*Everyone tried to pick the souvenirs they thought would be best.*
Kazuko: Hmm.
Yamato: What are you struggling over, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Over what to get Onee-sama.
Kazuko: I want to pick something edible, since I'm sure she'd love that...
Kazuko: But they're all so meat-y.
Yamato: What's wrong with that?
Kazuko: I mean, nothing really.
Kazuko: But a balanced diet's just better.
Kazuko: If her body isn't giving her a strong foundation, she'll never be the strongest.
Yamato: That's your theory, isn't it? You always say that.
Kazuko: It's the truth. Food's important.
Kazuko: The Kawakami Temple puts too much meat in their food.
Kazuko: I think we need to include more vegetables.
Yamato: I've seen you eat tons of meat yourself.
Kazuko: But I eat enough veggies to make up for it.
Kazuko: I wish they'd pay more attention to that stuff.
Kazuko: Especially when they really know how to cook.
*Wait a minute.*
*Maybe I knew the perfect job for her.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yeah?
Yamato: If you're... Sort of... You know.
Yamato: If you're that intense about food, then, I mean...
Yamato: How about becoming a dietitian?
Yamato: Then you could support Momo-senpai that way.
Kazuko: A dietitian? Oh, like the people who decide the lunch menus?
Yamato: Y-Yeah, like that.
Kazuko: Hmm, that seems kind of vague. I don't know.
Yamato: I see.
Kazuko: I'm sorry. I don't mean to shut you down.
Yamato: Don't apologize. It's your dream.
Yamato: You need to make this decision for yourself.
Kazuko: Yeah.
Kazuko: But... Now I can't get the idea out of my mind. Dietitians focus on diets, and...
Kazuko: I'm no gourmet, but I do care a lot about eating a balanced diet.
Kazuko: Maybe I'll look into it.
Yamato: Yeah, I'll research it too.
*Maybe this would lead us to find her new dream.*
*And with that massive accomplishment...*
Umeko: All right, time to return to Japan!
Kazuko: Yeah!
*The school trip: came to a close!*
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
*It was already the week of the fall Higan.*
Tesshin: Are half the sophomores so tired from the school trip that they're skipping school? For shame.
Lu: I hope they're eating right and staying active.
Tesshin: Momo, what is Kazuko doing?
Momoyo: She's still holed up in her room, reading.
Lu: How unusual, to think of her as flipping through books.
Momoyo: She's been like that ever since the trip.
Lu: Hmm... What kind of books?
Momoyo: I hope she's not dirtying her mind with porn.
Lu: Kazuko would never do that!
Kazuko: Oh, everyone's here. Hey!
Kazuko: I want to ask you something.
Tesshin: What is it?
Kazuko: Does the Kawakami Temple have dietitians?
Lu: Not at the moment, no. We let the chef handle that.
Kazuko: I thought so, since I've never heard of any.
Tesshin: However, there has been talk of hiring one.
Tesshin: After all, that is one more way to raise our strength.
Tesshin: The idea would be to focus on the energy we take in.
Lu: I do remember those conversations, yes.
Lu: Wasn't the plan to start doing so in two years' time?
Kazuko: Wow... Two years...
Momoyo: Were all those books you've been reading dietary books?
Kazuko: Yeah!
Kazuko: I've been looking into the profession, and it seems super useful!
Kazuko: Do you know what a dietitian does, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Mnn... Don't they plan out school lunches?
Kazuko: That's what I thought at first too.
Kazuko: But that's not even half of it. There's a bunch of big dietitians in the sports world too.
Lu: You're speaking of sports dietetics.
Kazuko: Yeah yeah, that's it!
Kazuko: They make sure athletes have the strength and well-being they need to set faster records.
Kazuko: All by teaching them how to eat and what foods will make them stronger.
Kazuko: I already focus so much on food, so it's the perfect fit.
Tesshin: Oh... You are fastidious about those things, now that you mention it.
Kazuko: Yeah! And do you know what's the best part of all?
Kazuko: The work has a lot to do with athletes' mental side!
Lu: I would assume so, since they need to maintain their clients' well-being.
Kazuko: This way, I can do good work in a field that I love!
Kazuko: And I can support you, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: ...Yeah, I guess you can.
Momoyo: You're always going on and on about the stuff I put in my mouth.
Kazuko: And I can support the whole Temple!
Kazuko: I can pay everyone back for all the kindness they've shown me!
Lu: You're fired up, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yeah, I'm really fired up.
Kazuko: The more I learn about the job, the more I want to do it.
Tesshin: This... would put you into an academic field, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yeah! I'd need to get an associate's degree at least.
Lu: Do you think you can manage that, Kazuko?
Kazuko: I know I can do it if it's about what I love: food!
Kazuko: I'll do it! Just you wait!
Momoyo: ...A dietitian. I never even thought about that.
Kazuko: Specifically, I want to be a registered dietitian!
Tesshin: You're really taking this seriously. Good.
Kazuko: I'm actually about to talk to a registered dietitian right now.
Kazuko: Yamato knows a woman in the field, and he set things up for me.
Momoyo: You lucky little thing. Your boyfriend's ready for anything.
Lu: But speaking to someone in the field is an important step.
Tesshin: You'll realize things you never would have noticed otherwise.
Lu: Yes, yes. There's no need to rush, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yes, Yamato told me the same thing.
Kazuko: I won't rush my decision. I'll think through everything, and then decide!
Momoyo: You're the one who'll be walking this path, after all.
Kazuko: Yeah. Then I'll see you later, Onee-sama!
Lu: Kazuko, you're not worn out from the trip?
Kazuko: I'm completely fine.
Lu: I was a fool to ask.
Kazuko: Then I'm off!
*Kazuko sprinted off. There was a real spring in her step.*
Momoyo: Hmm, a dietitian.
Momoyo: It sounds like it's the perfect job for her.
Lu: She does care more about a balanced diet than anyone else I know.
Tesshin: And it is also supposed to be a profession that cherishes communication.
Momoyo: Haha, there's nothing to worry about there. I guarantee it.
Lu: Agreed.
Lu: ...But the elephant in the room is academics.
Tesshin: The need to calculate calories demands a certain level of scientific rigor.
Momoyo: She'll be fine. We all know how hard Wanko works.
Lu: Yes. It's hard to find a harder worker than her.
Momoyo: But still... She's still motivated by a desire to help us.
Momoyo: ...She really cares about this place.
Tesshin: She is a kind girl, in the truest sense.
Tesshin: That might be another reason looking after others' well-being is the perfect job for her.
Momoyo: ...Good luck, Wanko.
*--The station-front cafe.*
Dietitian: Don't get into this for the money.
Kazuko: I-I see.
*She started off on a dour note.*
*Her name was Suzuki Haruka. She was, of course, a registered dietitian.*
Dietitian: There's a lot of times when there won't be enough work to get by.
Dietitian: Like lately, I know a lot of specialists who picked up volunteer qualifications at the same time.
Dietitian: It's no easy job, let me tell you.
Kazuko: That's fine! I'm not in it for the money!
Dietitian: ...You need to study. Including medical science.
Kazuko: And I will! I'm not expecting this to be an easy job.
Dietitian: ...Then why are you interested?
Kazuko: ...That's because...
*Kazuko told her the truth, though it took a bit of a while.*
Dietitian: Ahaha, you're like me.
Dietitian: So back in high school, I used to play basketball.
Dietitian: But I had to retire after a serious injury.
Dietitian: So I switched over to being their manager. Then I just sort of wound up focusing on what they were packing for lunch.
Dietitian: I mean, there were so many frozen foods. That didn't seem right.
Dietitian: I started studying the stuff, and well... I got hooked.
Kazuko: ...Wow, okay.
Dietitian: You're a lot like me, so I have to cheer you on.
Kazuko: Th-Thank you very much.
Dietitian: Then let's check to make sure this is the right career for you.
Kazuko: All right.
Dietitian: ...Do you like helping others? To put someone else in the limelight? You don't get famous, doing this.
Kazuko: Yes, I'm fine with that!
Dietitian: You've got to have curiosity, a desire to talk with others, and a drive to get along with the people around you.
Kazuko: No worries there!
Dietitian: Heheh. You certainly do give that impression.
Dietitian: Next, are you meticulous?
Kazuko: No... But I pay super-close attention to food.
Dietitian: That's good enough. How about computers? Can you use them? If you can't, then that's a dealbreaker.
Kazuko: To be honest, I can barely use a computer...
Kazuko: But one of my friends is super good with one, so I can learn.
Yamato: Yeah. He'd kindly teach you, I'm sure of it.
Dietitian: What a nice friend you must have. Alright, there is one thing left to say...
Dietitian: This job is hard! You have to be interested in others' bodies, and have plenty of stamina yourself to keep up! I mean it!
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: I know I can handle that!
*Wanko answered with bold confidence.*
*--That evening.*
Kazuko: --
Yamato: Someone's in a good mood.
Kazuko: I mean, I got to hear all those fun stories!
Kazuko: And I've found my new path!
Yamato: A registered dietitian.
Kazuko: Yeah!
Kazuko: So you see, I lined up all these different jobs and tried imagining what they'd be like.
Kazuko: But there was something wrong about all of them. Nothing felt right.
Kazuko: But I completely missed dietitians even being a thing.
Kazuko: Geez, I really wish I'd known more about all those little niche jobs.
Yamato: You've really thought this through, haven't you?
Kazuko: Yeah... None of those jobs seemed right.
Kazuko: But now I've found one!
Yamato: You sure have... So now you'll be going to college.
Kazuko: Yep! But I'm not sure whether to go to a 4-year school or a community college.
Yamato: Well, it sounds like you have a lot of research to do.
Kazuko: Yeah. I'm going to talk to her again!
Yamato: I never thought you'd find something so quickly.
Kazuko: Yes, that's it! So we have to celebrate.
Yamato: Celebrate how?
Kazuko: With just the two of us.
Kazuko: We can start by going to your room, maybe?
Yamato: Oh, I see.
Shakadou: Oh, that Kazuko there?
Shakadou: Wowee, looks like she got one helluva load off her shoulders.
Shakadou: Wonder if that means she found herself some new path t'live on.
???: Master, I finished my reps.
Shakadou: Right, then let's do some kata.
Shakadou: Kazuko woulda made for one helluva match 'gainst ya, though.
???: Huh?
Shakadou: Nothin' you need worryin' about. Well, maybe you'll get that fight sooner'r later.
Shakadou: That's one destiny I'm dyin' to see... Heheheh.
*.........*
*--That night, in Yamato's room.*
Yamato: Kazuko, congratulations on finding your new path.
Kazuko: Wow, thanks. Yay, yay.
*We clinked our glasses together.*
*A toast of soft drinks, shared by just the two of us.*
Kazuko: I'll tell everyone afterwards, with a drum roll and everything.
Kazuko: Right now, I'm more in the mood to celebrate with you.
Yamato: That's the loveliest thing you've ever said.
Kazuko: I would've never thought of this if not for that one thing you happened to say.
Kazuko: TIt's like, I couldn't get the thought of being a dietitian out of my mind.
Yamato: I'm just glad I helped, really.
Kazuko: I'll be Food Expert Kawakami Kazuko! (She struck a pose.)
Yamato: ...There's more to the job than eating, remember!
Kazuko: I-I know, I didn't forget.
Kazuko: Oh, Haruka-san sent me a text already.
Kazuko: She said she'll introduce me to a friend in the field.
Yamato: Sounds great. You'll hear even more opinions.
Kazuko: Yeah. And they have so many neat stories to tell!
Kazuko: I'm meeting new people, who introduce me to more people... It just keeps going.
Yamato: Yeah, connections are a powerful thing.
Kazuko: I might have to spend more of our dates studying.
Yamato: That's what I want to hear. Besides, that'll help me too.
Kazuko: Thank goodness you're the smartest boyfriend ever! Yay, yay!
*Kazuko wrapped her arms around me.*
Yamato: Wow, someone's passionate.
Kazuko: Mnheheh... *kiss*
Yamato: Mmm......
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss*
Yamato: Whoa.
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss kiss*...
Yamato: Mm... Hm...
*She showered me with kisses.*
*Pressed her body tight against mine.*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: Mm... *lick*
*Tongue met tongue.*
*And I held her tight in my own arms.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... Mn.
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... *gasp*
Kazuko: ...So I love you so much...
Kazuko: And you're always doing so much for me...
Kazuko: So I want to do things for you too.
*She stared at me, teary-eyed with emotion.*
Yamato: Okay...
*I quickly assessed the situation.*
*Miyako, Mayucchi, and Chris would still be in Chris's room hanging out.*
*My immediate neighbors, Capt and Gen-san, were at work.*
*Which meant we could do it.*
*I'd come to want Kazuko.*
*To make her mine, body and soul. To become one flesh with her.*
Yamato: I won't let anyone interfere.
*I threw a sheet over the hermit crabs' tank.*
*Then I locked and bolted the door to my room.*
Kazuko: ...Yamato.
*A sweet scent wafted from her hair.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko.
*I gently stroked my hands over her body.*
Kazuko: ...Ah.
Yamato: What's wrong?
*I planted stiff kisses on her ears.*
Kazuko: Um, shouldn't I bathe first?
Yamato: Mn... That can wait till after.
*I licked her face like an animal.*
Kazuko: Wah... This is kind of awkward.
Yamato: *sniff* Everything about you smells good.
Kazuko: Geez... Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... *kiss*
*We passionately sought each other.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *kiss*... Yamato...
Yamato: Kazuko... *lick*... *lick*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Yamato... Yamato... I love you.
*Kazuko gazed at me, her eyes moist with passion.*
*A chill ran down my spine.*
Yamato: I love you too, everything about you.
*I leaned over to take off her clothes.*
Kazuko: Ah...
*Her simple, workmanlike underwear was so thoroughly and adorably her.*
Yamato: You're so cute in your underwear.
Kazuko: Yamato, you call everything cute.
Yamato: But you are.
*I gently stroked her bra.*
Kazuko: Eheheh, thanks... *kiss*
Yamato: Mnn... Your hair smells sweet, and I love the fragrance.
Kazuko: You're going to make me die of embarrassment...
Yamato: Let's see if you taste as good as you look. *kiss*
*I sucked on her skin.*
Kazuko: Haiee! Th-That tickles.
*I sucked so hard that she might get a hickey.*
Yamato: Then how about your neck?
Kazuko: Hah... Heh, mn.
Yamato: Oh, not bad. How about your ears?
Kazuko: ...Ahn... Kweh, mn, mm.
*She quivered with a woman's joy.*
Yamato: So your ears are sensitive.
Kazuko: Yeah, I can't stop from shaking.
Yamato: I'll have to make a note of that -- your ears are sensitive. Target acquired.
Kazuko: You've completely got me... Mn, kh, ah.
*I unhooked her bra, exposing her breasts.*
*They were small, but pretty.*
*I lightly pinched her pink nipples.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Kh... Mn.
Yamato: Your breasts fit perfectly in my hands.
*I rubbed them, worked them to my liking.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Ah... Mn... Your hands are amazing.
*Her nipples soon grew proudly erect.*
Yamato: Looks like you're enjoying it.
Kazuko: Aww. D-Don't pinch them so hard.
Yamato: Sorry, but you're so pretty that I just... *kiss*
Kazuko: ...Mm... *kiss*...
Yamato: What if I take things more gently, like this?
Kazuko: Hau... A-Ahh, mm, that's turning me on... Kh... Mn.
Yamato: I love you, Kazuko.
*I whispered, and her body trembled.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Kweh... I love you too.
Yamato: Mm... Time to get you out of those clothes.
*I slid her shorts down her legs.*
Kazuko: Wah...
Yamato: ...But geez, you have such pretty legs.
Kazuko: Really?
Yamato: Yeah. Thanks to all your training, they're beautifully slender.
Yamato: So show me everything, Kazuko.
*I removed her final piece of clothing.*
*Revealing her most private spot.*
Yamato: ...It's as pretty as I imagined.
Kazuko: Thanks... Awah!
Yamato: You've got a bit of hair down here.
*I ran my finger over the fuzz.*
*And kept going until I reached her slit.*
Kazuko: Hah... That's... Ah, I feel so--Mn!
*I slowly stimulated it.*
Yamato: How about here?
*I rubbed the flat of my finger across her clit.*
Kazuko: Waahhh!
*She jumped.*
Yamato: Whoa, that must've felt good.
Yamato: I'll make you feel even better.
Kazuko: Ah?! Huh?! Wh-Where are you... Ahh!
*I played with her love bean between my fingers.*
Kazuko: Kwah, ah, mn, mnahhh!
*I could feel her clit growing harder.*
Kazuko: Fwahh, i-it's weird... I feel all numb.
*My other hand I used to patiently work her breasts.*
Kazuko: Mnkh... Ah, mn... Huff, huff, huff.
Yamato: They're swelling bigger and bigger... It must feel amazing.
*I sped up my fingers.*
Kazuko: Ahhh, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: I love your voice.
Yamato: I'm going to go even faster, okay?
Kazuko: Mmm, ah, mm! I-It feels good!
*Her slit was wet before I knew it.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn, mm, ah, ahh!
*I licked her ear, pinched her nipple, rubbed her clit...*
*Attacked her from three places at once.*
Kazuko: Y-You're going to make me -- Kweh, ah, ahh!
Yamato: You're so cute... I love you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Ah, Yamato... I love you... I love you, Yamato!
Yamato: You're really twitching. Are you about to cum?
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, Yamato! Yamato! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Go ahead! Cum!
Kazuko: Waaaahhhhhhhhh!
*Her body shook with release.*
Kazuko: Ah, hah... Huff... Ah... Ah.
Yamato: You came... Kazuko, you're so cute.
Kazuko: ...Aww, I feel so awkward.
Yamato: Then this time, let's both feel good together.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, 'kay... Yamato, come in me.
Yamato: Ah...
Kazuko: Oh, but Yamato -- if you do me raw today...
Yamato: Don't worry. Since we started going out, I've never been anywhere without a condom.
*I'd chosen blue ones.*
Kazuko: Ooh, you're super prepared.
Yamato: I didn't want to miss on the chance to do it.
Kazuko: You're so perverted... Ahh!
Yamato: I'm putting it in, Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...'Kay...
Yamato: Mn... Little by little.
*I readied it against her entrance, then pushed.*
Kazuko: Oof...
*She was plenty wet.*
Yamato: Oh, it's so hot inside you.
Kazuko: Aww... You're super hot too...
Yamato: Kazuko, you're blushing so adorably.
Kazuko: Well, so are you!
Yamato: Heheh.
Kazuko: Haha.
*We were both pretty relaxed.*
Yamato: Mn... Okay.
*I slowly thrust my hips.*
Kazuko: Hah, kh... Oof!
*I broke through her vagina and into her depths.*
Kazuko: Heh, ah... Ahhh!
Yamato: Kazuko, I'm making you a woman.
*I felt something tear.*
Kazuko: Ouch! Ahhh! Gh!
*I tore through her hymen.*
Yamato: Are you okay?
Kazuko: ...Y-Yeah... I can push through this.
Yamato: Wow. This is amazing, and I'm not even all the way in yet.
Kazuko: Huff, huff. Amazing how?
Yamato: It feels like you're rubbing me... Ahh.
Kazuko: Yamato, this's a new side of you.
Yamato: It's because you're so sexy.
Kazuko: ...Heheh, thanks.
Kazuko: Yamato, I'm fine.
Yamato: Okay... I should be able to go deeper.
Kazuko: Hau, mnkh... You're so hot!
*I proceeded inwards, rubbing against her membranes.*
Kazuko: Ah... Mm, mm, mmm...!!!
*Pushed myself all the way in.*
Yamato: Kh... This feels good.
*It was like her pussy had wrapped itself perfectly around me.*
Kazuko: Huff, huff... Yamato...
*Kazuko was now a woman, and the first thing she did was call my name in her dulcet tones.*
Yamato: Kazuko... I'm going to move.
Kazuko: K-Kay...
*When I called her name, her insides squeezed tight.*
Kazuko: Mm... Ooh... Ah.
*I pulled out...*
Kazuko: Hau... Mnkh, ah...
*Then went straight back in.*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Yamato, I'll be fine, so... Move as much as you want.
Yamato: Okay...
*I sped up a hair, but still was careful to make sure I wasn't hurting her.*
Kazuko: Oof... Ah... Ah... Aww...
Kazuko: Ah, ahhh! Wah, ah... Mnn! Yamato, this feels... Ah!
*I let momentum carry me, driving me through her membranes.*
Kazuko: Huff, huff... Ah, ahhh!
*Sweat covered every inch of her body.*
Kazuko: Ah... Yamato, I love you... Mn, ah.
Yamato: ...Kazuko!
*I put even more power into my thrusts.*
Kazuko: Ahh! Ah... Ah, ah... A... mazing...
Kazuko: Ah, ahh... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Mn... Mm.
*We breathed in perfect harmony.*
Kazuko: I want to do something for you t--Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Huh? Hey.
*Kazuko started using her hips.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn, mmm, mm!
*She lifted her hips and rolled about in a circle.*
Kazuko: Mm, ah, mn.
Yamato: Khf, this is awesome...
Kazuko: Wah! Y-You're getting even bigger?
Yamato: Yeah. Kazuko, I'm about to cum.
Kazuko: Cum. Cum whenever you're ready, Yamato!
Kazuko: Yamato!
Yamato: Kazuko...
*We stared into each others' eyes, our hips never stopping.*
Kazuko: Kwah, mnah... Ah, wahhh!
Yamato: Uhgm...
Kazuko: Kwah, ahhn, ah, Yamato, Yamato!
Kazuko: Mnahh, ah, I'm, I'm, I'm--
Yamato: Wahh, me too!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, ah, ah!
Yamato: Kh... Kazuko.
Kazuko: Mm, mm, mm, mm, this feels so good!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, ah, I'm going crazy!
Yamato: Kazuko... Kazuko...
Kazuko: Ah! Yamato... Yamato, ah, ahh! Ah!
Kazuko: Mnahh, mn, mnnn!
Kazuko: I love you, I love you...
Kazuko: Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*As Kazuko reached her peak, I filled the condom with my cum.*
*.........*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*That had been amazing.*
*I could continue, but...*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff.
*That had been rougher on Kazuko than I'd expected.*
*...Better to let her rest.*
Yamato: That felt wonderful, Kazuko. *kiss*
Kazuko: Mm...
*Our lips gently touched.*
*.........*
*We decided to take a bath together.*
Kazuko: Ya-ma-to.
Yamato: Ka-zu-ko.
Kazuko: Heheheh. Yamato
Yamato: Someone's in a good mood.
Kazuko: Well duh.
Kazuko: I'm so happy we did it.
Yamato: Okay.
Kazuko: And plus, we didn't have to stop or anything.
Kazuko: Though you did mostly everything...
Yamato: Nah, you made me feel really good too, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yay! That's great.
Kazuko: I've been training and training forever, but...
Kazuko: I didn't know if I'd be any good at it. Ahaha.
Yamato: You're such a cutie. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Mn... Eheheh.
Yamato: Really, I mean it.
Kazuko: Huh?
Yamato: Your clitoris is so sensitive.
Kazuko: Awawawawawa! Wh-Where'd that come from?
Yamato: I'll lick it nice and good next time, okay?
Kazuko: Y-Yamato?!
Yamato: The truth is, like I'm sure I said before, I'm pretty perverted.
Kazuko: Wawawa... And now you're running your finger over my butt!
Yamato: So I'm going to do all sorts of nasty things to you, and turn you into one nasty little girl, if you don't mind.
Kazuko: N-Not if it's you...
Yamato: Even if I do this?
*As my hand ran along her ass, I stuck a finger into her asshole.*
Kazuko: Aiee?!
Yamato: You're fine with that?
Kazuko: S-Sure, if it's you...
Kazuko: I can handle anything that makes you happy!
Yamato: Kazuko...
*I took my hand off of her butt.*
Yamato: All this naughtiness aside...
*I patted her head.*
Yamato: Let's be together forever!
Kazuko: 'Kay!
*Kazuko enthusiastically replied.*
Chika: ...Oh, so that's why you were reading all those nutrition books!
Kazuko: Yep. I've found my new goal!
Chika: I had no idea so much was riding on that match.
Mayo: That was why you pushed yourself so far, wasn't it?
Haguro: Then like, are you gonna be studying all day?
Kazuko: Yeah!
Haguro: As if! You'd do better doing track-and-field.
Chika: Let Wanko be, Haguro. It's her choice.
Kazuko: Ahaha. I mean, I know I'm stupid...
Kazuko: So I can't blame you for thinking that way.
Chika: Well, I'm no brainiac myself, but you kind of are stupid.
Kazuko: Ooh... : Mn! Ahem!
Kazuko: But laugh all you want! It's my dream, and I'm not giving up!
Chris: That is the spirit, Kazuko. I will assist with whatever I can.
Kazuko: ...There is so much I can address about your diet.
Chris: I-I doubt it.
Chris: I will not deny I have a sweet tooth, but I also have a separate stomach for desserts.
Chris: I also exercise, so I should be fine.
Kazuko: Um, I wasn't trying to nitpick or anything. Sorry.
Chris: I do not mind, but... The work must be serious.
Kazuko: Yeah. I really have to start paying attention to food products and nutrition.
Kazuko: And I'll be on the lookout for any relevant articles in the paper.
Chika: You can read the newspaper?
Kazuko: Nope, but Yamato said he'll teach me.
Chika: Wow, I can't believe you said that with a straight face.
Kazuko: Yamato's going to summarize everything and make it easy to understand.
Kazuko: Eventually, he'll get me to the point where I can understand everything even without his help.
Miyako: Why do I feel like he already has you under his thumb?
Yamato: First, we need to have you ride your curiosity and gobble up all the information you can.
Kazuko: Now I'm training my brain!
Miyako: You'll have to study. You won't start grumbling, will you?
Kazuko: Studying's hard, but if I just think of it as training...
Kazuko: Then I'm raring to go! And I'm like, let's do it!
Miyako: ...That's wonderful news.
Suguru: Again the 3D girls yap away...
Takuya: So Wanko's becoming a dietitian...
Mitsuru: I wonder if she's going to keep me under close supervision...
Gakuto: And what's so bad about that? That's a lot easier than bein' a Kawakami Temple assistant master.
Yamato: Well, that's off the scale in terms of difficulty... But becoming a registered dietitian is no easy task.
Takuya: I looked stuff up online, and only one in five actually make it.
Shouichi: Plus, the test's only once a year, right? That's a tall order for her, since she's never loved hitting the books.
Takuya: No matter what, she has a lot of work ahead of her.
Shouichi: It's our friend's dream, so we've gotta cheer her on every step of the way!
Shouichi: What about you, Gakuto? Found any dreams of your own?
Gakuto: Nah, no dice. Maybe I shall become... a fisherman!
Takuya: Ahaha. You did make a name for yourself in Nemuro.
Ikurou: I'm hard at work aiming to become a photographer of the female form.
Gakuto: The panty shots from the trip were amazing.
Ikurou: I told everyone I was taking pictures of pandas, and no one suspected a thing. Simple.
Takuya: What about you, Suguru?
Suguru: Oh, this summer taught me the foolishness of placing hope in reality.
Suguru: My chastity will never fall!
Yamato: You've really settled on that, haven't you?
Mitsuru: Well, I have new hidden gems of restaurants to uncover.
Shouichi: I'm off to take this class on rock climbing.
Shouichi: After all, adventurers are always climbing up to some summit or another!
*Everyone was moving towards their dreams as best they could.*
*...Kazuko and I couldn't slack off in our studies, either.*
*--After school, at the Tama River.*
Kazuko: Ahh, it's still too hot. The cicadas are acting like it's still summer.
Yamato: You said it. Want to get some ice cream?
Kazuko: That sounds great. Yes yes yes!
Yamato: ...By the way, so, umm...
Kazuko: Hm?
Yamato: Are you still hurting down... there? You know, around the crotch?
Kazuko: ......!!!
Kazuko: Oh, I'm completely fine now...
Kazuko: The stinging went away after the morning after.
Yamato: O-Okay. Good.
*She'd been in a lot of pain the next day.*
Yamato: The pain only a woman can know... I feel for you.
*At that moment, the ground shook.*
Yamato: ...It's not just me?!
Kazuko: Nope, it's an earthquake!
Yamato: Whoa, this's a big one...
*I was back on my feet, but I could still feel the shaking.*
Yamato: (Should we head for an evacuation zone?)
*It was bad enough to warrant it.*
Kazuko: Don't worry, Yamato. I can handle even this big of an earthquake.
*It was good to have a girlfriend like her.*
Kazuko: Oh... It's over.
Yamato: Oh. You're right. Thank goodness.
Yamato: Wait... Won't it start up again?
Kazuko: Don't worry. It's over, really.
Yamato: Wow, that really surprised me.
Kazuko: What was it? A 4? A 5?
Yamato: A strong 4, I think... But I don't know. It came too suddenly.
Kazuko: Yeah, this one was rough.
Yamato: The secret base... Is probably a mess, right about now.
Kazuko: Oh, let's go check.
Yamato: Alright.
*We turned in that direction.*
Yamato: Is everyone all right? I'll text--Hm?
*But Capt sent me one first.*
Kazuko: He sent me one too.
Yamato: 'Check in if you're all right', eh?
Kazuko: Ahaha. There's no outspeeding Capt.
Yamato: Well, let's give him our replies.
Kazuko: Yeah!
*He soon texted us to say that everyone was all right.*
Yamato: Well, with all that shaking, we can just be glad everyone's all right.
Takuya: Oh, Yamato and Wanko. That was a big earthquake.
Yamato: It completely caught me off guard... You're heading to the secret base, too?
Takuya: Yeah. All the books must've fallen off the shelf.
Yamato: You can't expect an abandoned building to hold up super well, yeah.
Takuya: Then let's go. I'm sure Miyako and a few others will show up too.
Yamato: Yeah. C'mon, Kazuko.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Takuya: You two are so adorable together.
Takuya: I'd be happy to teach you anything you'd like to know about computers.
Kazuko: Thanks, Moro.
Takuya: It's nothing. I'm just glad to have a surprise opportunity to help.
Yamato: I hope the earthquake didn't put any cracks in the building's foundation...
Takuya: That's ridiculous. It wasn't anywhere near that bad.
Yamato: I want to be absolutely sure. Wanko, can you check the exterior?
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'll make sure there's no cracks.
Yamato: Then we'll check the inside.
Takuya: Okay. Hopefully everything will be all right.
*Cookie wasn't inside.*
Yamato: Hmm, there's a few things on the floor...
Takuya: But it's no disaster. Let's start getting things picked up.
Yamato: We keep getting more books.
Takuya: Maybe we need to get rid of some of the older ones.
*But then--*
*The ground shook once more.*
Yamato: Whoa, another earthquake?!
Takuya: And this one's bigger!
Yamato: Whoa, this is no laughing matter!
*The bookshelves swayed precariously.*
Yamato: --It's gonna fall! Moro, look out!
*I shoved him out of the way.*
Takuya: Yamato?!
Yamato: Wah!
*Only for it to fall on me.*
Kazuko: Yamato!!!
*But Kazuko sprinted in, beastly-quick, and rescued me.*
Yamato: --Kazuko! Just in time!
Kazuko: That was close... But it's still shaking hard!
Kazuko: We should get out of here, just in case.
Yamato: Yeah... Ow! My ankle -- I think I twisted it.
Kazuko: Huh? You can't run?!
Yamato: Get Moro out of here first. It's not like the building's gonna collapse.
Takuya: What are you saying? I'm fine.
Kazuko: Guess I'll just have to solve things!
Yamato: W-Wait?!
*Kazuko put me on her back.*
Kazuko: Moro, can you keep up?
Takuya: I'm uninjured, so yes! Let's get going!
Kazuko: Soraahhhhhhh!
*Kazuko sprinted down the stairs, somehow steady-footed despite the shaking.*
Takuya: Whoa! How are you going that fast with Yamato on your back?!
Kazuko: Moro, are you all right?
Takuya: Don't worry about me -- just run!
Yamato: Kazuko, I'm sorry. This feels all backwards...
Kazuko: Just be quiet! Or you'll bite your tongue!
Yamato: Gotcha.
Kazuko: Daaaaash!
*It was hard to believe our crybaby had become such a strong and reliable woman.*
*She ran for dear life.*
Kazuko: ...We're out!
Kazuko: Let's get a bit further away.
Yamato: Is Moro keeping up?
Takuya: Th-This is nothing!
Takuya: I'm not that big of a burden!
Kazuko: Ahaha. You can be so stubborn, Moro.
*Once we'd gotten a fair distance away, the earthquake finally stopped.*
Kazuko: ...Is it going to fall?
Yamato: ...Don't think so.
Takuya: ...Whew.
*Then our strength gave out, and we crouched down on the spot.*
Miyako: Yamato?!
Momoyo: Everyone all right?!
Yamato: Miyako, Nee-san...
*They must've ran over here, worried.*
Momoyo: Haha. Wow. Wanko, you carried Yamato on your back?
Takuya: He protected me when the bookcase fell, and then... She had to.
Miyako: The bookcase fell? Well, it was a big earthquake.
Miyako: ...Okay, it doesn't look like anybody's hurt.
Yamato: Nope. And my ankle should heal in no time.
*Kazuko let me down off her back.*
Yamato: I would've been crushed if not for you, Kazuko.
Takuya: And then she carried you out on her back... What a tough woman.
Kazuko: Nah, I was just panicking and running on adrenaline.
Momoyo: ...Okay, so you saved Yamato... Hmm, hmm.
Momoyo: In a disaster, you saved the man you love.
Kazuko: ...Onee-sama?
Momoyo: Why do you think that is? Why do you think you were able to save him?
Kazuko: Huh... Well, I was desperate.
Momoyo: And in that moment of desperation, your body lived up to your demands.
Kazuko: Oh... Yeah, I guess it did.
Kazuko: It worked hard for me. Thanks.
Momoyo: And why do you think that is?
Kazuko: Huh? ...Because I've trained?
Momoyo: Correct. You worked your butt off to get as strong as you are.
Momoyo: ...When you lost your dream...
Momoyo: You told me that all the hard work you'd done was for nothing.
Momoyo: But that's wrong, Wanko!
Momoyo: That training let you save someone important to you.
Kazuko: Onee-sama...
Momoyo: Your dream of becoming an assistant master might've come to an end...
Momoyo: But all of that hard work still bore fruit inside you.
Kazuko: ...Oh.
Momoyo: Do you understand, Wanko?
Kazuko: ...Yeah.
Momoyo: I guarantee that all of the hard work you've done meant something.
Momoyo: Hard work pays off in the end, one way or another.
Momoyo: So never say it was for nothing.
Kazuko: Onee... sama...
Momoyo: In fact, you should be proud of how you lived.
Momoyo: With all your strength, day after day.
Kazuko: ...I will, Onee-sama!
Kazuko: Thank you so much!
Kazuko: I'm finally over it!
Momoyo: ...Good.
Yamato: ...You weren't yet?
Momoyo: Moving on from something like this doesn't happen overnight.
Momoyo: But I've finally said what I've wanted to tell her for so long.
Yamato: Nee-san?
Takuya: It's Capt. He said he didn't get hurt this time either.
Momoyo: Good start. Well, despite all that shaking, it wasn't the end of the world.
Kazuko: ...Okay!
Kazuko: I'm going to use all the focus and stamina I've built up to focus straight on my new dream!
Miyako: Great. I know you can do it.
Yamato: A registered dietitian... Good luck.
Kazuko: I won't just be any old registered dietitian!
Yamato: What?
Kazuko: I'm going to be the best dietitian ever, who everyone wants to work with!
*She aimed for the stars.*
Kazuko: So let's get studying! Keep pushing forward!
*Kawakami Kazuko never slacked in her work...*
*...Ten years later.*
Announcer: Welcome to the next installment of our long-running series, 'Modern Samurai'.
Announcer: During this segment, we interview people who devote themselves to living out all sorts of professions.
Announcer: Today we have Naoe Kazuko-san, a well-known registered dietitian in the martial arts scene.
Kazuko: Oh, y-yes. Thank you for having me!
*--The Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: Oh, oh, Kazuko's live on television.
Lu: This day couldn't get any better.
Tesshin: What if she says she loves me?
Lu: I don't think you have to worry about that...
Tesshin: Do you think all her friends are watching?
*Kazama Shouichi traveled the world with his father as an adventurer, but disappeared without a trace while exploring Mount McKinley.*
*Only to miraculously come back alive. But even that didn't stop his drive to seek adventure.*
*Shimazu Gakuto worked as a pushy salesman. He spent his days asking his female coworkers out, who invariably shot him down.*
*Takuya joined a game development company. He's started making a name for himself, but couldn't get past his own virginity.*
*Momoyo became the Kawakami Temple Grand Master and received the title of Strongest in the World, which brought in the strongest foes imaginable.*
*Shiina Miyako lived the free life of a bachelorette. She still pined for Yamato to this day, but would never dream of ruining his family.*
*Chris returned to Germany, where she joined the army. A master of command, great things are expected from her.*
*Yukie returned to her hometown so she could live closer to her family. Her father would like her to find a groom, but there were no signs of any man...*
*Minamoto Tadakatsu found himself a bride. He still works at the Agency, and already has a kid.*
*Ogasawara Chika worked vigorously as an office lady. Marriage was still a distant dream.*
*Amakasu Mayo worked indefatigably to support her family. Her brothers worked too, which helped. Her family was as close as ever.*
*Fukumoto Ikurou found work as a cameraman for a softcore porn magazine. The pay was awful, but this was the life he had dreamed of.*
*Kumagai Mitsuru became a columnist for a gourmet magazine, and married a woman with an appetite that matched his own.*
*Oogushi Suguru despaired of reality. No one could remember the last time he'd left his room.*
*Kuki Hideo worked to manage the Kuki Conglomerate. Countless women adored him, but he remained single.*
*Oshitari Azumi was always by Hideo's side.*
*Fushikawa Kokoro wanted for nothing, and enjoyed life as the daughter of the House of Fushikawa.*
*Aoi Touma graduated from medical school and was preparing to become the next director of the Aoimon Hospital.*
*Inoue Jun walked the same path as Touma.*
*Sakakibara Koyuki is always by Touma's side.*
*Margit worked as Chris's aide.*
*Kojima Umeko struggling to find a husband. However, her looks were as good as ever, so she wasn't out of the game yet.*
*Usami Kyojin toiled away at the Agency, and still tried to win Kojima Umeko's heart. His chances were slim at best.*
*As for Naoe Yamato...*
*He married Kazuko, and serves on the city council.*
Tesshin: Oh, the interview's coming to a close. Alas.
Lu: That was an excellent interview, Kazuko! I'm very impressed.
Announcer: Is there anything you would like to tell the young people currently chasing their dreams?
Kazuko: ...Let's see... I...
Kazuko: I didn't start out wanting to become a dietitian.
Kazuko: I had a different dream.
Kazuko: But no matter how hard I worked, I couldn't make it there.
Kazuko: That's when I found this path.
Kazuko: So you see, and this might not happen to you, but...
Kazuko: If your dream does fall apart...
Kazuko: Know that there's always another path waiting for you!
Kazuko: It hurts to lose your dream, I know, but you have to stay positive and find a new dream.
Kazuko: And don't forget that, even if you can't have what you wanted, all that work you did won't be for nothing! It will still come in handy!
Announcer: Thank you.
Announcer: Would you like to finish with a brief word for the people who led you to choose your profession?
Kazuko: ...Yes, umm, there's so many.
Kazuko: My birthparents, my adoptive parents, the ones who supported me along the way, my irreplaceable friends...
Kazuko: I couldn't be here without each and every one of them.
Kazuko: So I have the biggest possible thanks for all of them.
Kazuko: --Ahh... hah...
Kazuko: Thank you so much!
*She spoke from the bottom of her heart.*
====================act_d_京シナリオ.bin====================
A girl told me that she loved me.
*Knowing someone loves you can be a wonderful thing, but...*
Miyako: I love you, Yamato.
Yamato: Thanks, Miyako.
Yamato: You know I'm not wearing anything after finishing my bath, right?
Miyako: That was the plan. I wanted to see you naked.
Yamato: Get out!
*I had covered up in a towel, but I was tired of her doing this.*
Miyako: Mmm-!
Yamato: Stop standing around and get back to your room.
Miyako: If you press my button, I will move. It's here, between my breasts. There's also one between my legs. If you push that, who knows what I'll do.
*I flicked her forehead instead.*
Miyako: Ouch... Meanie.
Yamato: Look, just go. I'm not showing you anything.
Miyako: Tch... Oh well. Your chest is still a feast for the eyes.
*Miyako grumbled as she left.*
Yamato: For the love of--?!
Yamato: Wait, Miyako!
Miyako: What is it? Why are you chasing after me?
Yamato: For the love of all that is holy and dear, please give me back my underwear.
Miyako: I did take my own panties off and put them in the bin for you.
Yamato: The hell'm I supposed to do with those?!
Miyako: I hoped maybe that would be your fetish.
Yamato: Not a chance. Give them back. Don't make me take them by force.
Miyako: All right, then by force it is.
Yamato: ...? Please tell me they're still in your hands?
Miyako: I've already equipped them. So please, tear them from me.
Yamato: What is wrong with you...
Miyako: You could've just worn mine.
Yamato: I'm--!
Miyako: But if I got to choose, I'd prefer you wear them on your face.
Yamato: Dammit, I can't make wisecracks fast enough!
Yamato: Miyako, you're a pervert.
Miyako: Only because of you, Yamato.
Yamato: Don't put that on me! Now strip.
Miyako: I'd love to. (She didn't waste a second.)
Yamato: --Whoa!
*I quickly turned around.*
*For how long have I endured her advances?*
*She hadn't seemed this way at first.*
*She'd just been the subject of bullying.*
*--Long ago, in elementary school.*
*-- Whoa, it's Shiina! Ew! --*
Boy B: My mommy said her mommy's a pros-ti-tute!
Boy C: So she's gonna die of an STD!
Boy D: That must be the Shiina Virus. And she's sick too!
Miyako: ...Oooh.
Boy B: Prostitute! Prostitute! Prostitute!
Miyako: ... *sniff*
Yamato: ......
Miyako: Uh...
Yamato: What're you looking at me for?
Miyako: Um...
Gakuto: Oh, you talked to her! Now you'll catch the Shiina Virus!
Miyako: Ooh...
Gakuto: That was close. You should thank me.
Yamato: Hmph. You sniveling fool. (I was going through a phase.)
Gakuto: But man, she's all skin and bones.
Gakuto: It looked like she wanted a word with you, playboy.
Yamato: Don't be ridiculous.
Yamato: ...I don't wanna deal with her.
Miyako: Ooh...
*Shiina Miyako was proceeding headlong down the path of being bullied.*
*She wouldn't talk, acted gloomy, you never had any idea what was on her mind. Nobody wanted to be with her.*
*Kids are jerks. Most classes need someone to be the scapegoat everyone else picks on.*
*Shiina Miyako was that target.*
*It all seemed to have started with some nasty gossip about her mother having an affair with a married man.*
*At first, some people had the bright idea to menace her physically...*
Miyako: Don't touch me!
*But Miyako's father had taught her martial arts, and she was strong for her size.*
*So the bullying became more like ranged attacks in the form of teasing.*
*Miyako acted like it didn't bother her, which of course only made things worse.*
*Come to think of it, she'd always come to school barefoot.*
*One of the teachers proudly proclaimed...*
Teacher: Bullying? Hmph. At our school, we use the Bullied Badge system.
Teacher: A student who is being bullied can wear a special badge on their chest so teachers can help.
Teacher: Since we started the program not one child has worn a badge, which proves we have no bullying!
*In another classroom...*
Bully: Yeah, you just try wearin' that badge and you'll see what'll happen to ya! Got it?!
Victim: O-Ooh... I won't.
*The badges were, unsurprisingly, never used.*
*With adults like this, no wonder bullying was rampant.*
*Back then, Miyako was skinny and lifeless.*
*But now, after we'd rescued her and made her our friend...*
Miyako: Here you go.
*She had somehow grown beyond anyone's expectations.*
Miyako: Hmm? Were you captivated by my body?
Yamato: I was just thinking about how much you've grown since we were kids.
Miyako: That's what ardent love does to a woman.
Miyako: My body answered my soul.
Yamato: You love me that much? Over that?
Miyako: You saved me, Yamato.
Miyako: What better reason could there be?
Yamato: Miyako... I've told you this so many times.
Yamato: I may have saved you, but you shouldn't let that weigh on your decisions so much. It's a big world out there, filled with men who're better than m--
Miyako: I can't imagine being with anyone other than you.
Yamato: Oof.
Miyako: Only you. You're the only one for me.
Miyako: It's strange... I'm falling more and more in love with you.
Yamato: Miyako, you're coming on too strong for me.
Miyako: All love is strong.
Miyako: Here, feel how hard my chest is pounding.
Yamato: --!
*She took my hand and pressed it firmly against her breast.*
*All to tempt me, I was sure...*
Yamato: Now get out of the bathroom!!!
Miyako: Tch.
*...I'd made it through another day.*
*I'd be lying if I said she wasn't sexy.*
*And despite the gossip I'd heard about her mother, she had feelings only for me.*
*In other words, if I even once yielded to the temptation, what awaited was rapturous hours of love.*
*Love that wouldn't end until death do us part.*
*To fall to temptation would be to accept the weight of her heart.*
*I couldn't let myself forget that.*
Miyako's Mom: Well sure. If I had to say, it comes down to a person's essence.
Miyako's Mom: I mean, it's not like I want to lust for men. I just do.
Miyako's Mom: I can't hold myself back, not when I see a hot stud.
Miyako's Mom: I'm sick, see? You should pity me. I didn't choose to be this way.
Miyako's Mom: I thought getting married would finally help me hold back, but I just can't.
Miyako's Mom: I'll even go for a spin with a married man.
Miyako's Dad: ...I never knew you were such a whore.
Miyako's Dad: ...Yet my heart loves you all the same.
Miyako's Mom: And I love you. But... no one man can satisfy me.
Miyako's Mom: I won't stop cheating.
Miyako's Dad: Gh... You'd cuckold me?!
Miyako: ...Umm.
Miyako's Mom: What now?!
Miyako's Dad: What?!
Miyako: Please don't fight...
Miyako's Mom: Sorry, but I don't listen to people I hate.
Miyako's Mom: Why do you have to look just like me, to remind me of my lost youth every time I look your way?
Miyako's Dad: Miyako... Will you become like this woman whose blood you share?
Miyako's Dad: I too can love you no longer.
Miyako's Dad: But I am of warrior blood. Your archery lessons will continue.
Miyako's Dad: Perhaps that will be enough to keep you from becoming like your mother.
Miyako: Um...
Miyako's Mom: Not another word. Be like a doll. Maybe then I could love you.
Miyako: ......
Miyako: Ah!
Miyako: ...What a nightmare.
Miyako: ...Where'd I put my book?
*Someone trotted over.*
Mayo: Umm, Shiina-chan?
Miyako: ......?
Mayo: We're all going to Nakamise.
Mayo: Would you like to come with us?
Miyako: ...I'm good.
*She turned back to her book.*
Mayo: O-Oh... Oh well.
Chika: I told you, Mayo. Shiinacchi never goes anywhere unless one of the Kazama Family's going too.
Haguro: And like, what gives? Mayo, you go out of your way to invite her and she treats you like that?
Haguro: She got some beef with us?
Haguro: Like, I don't even know what she's thinking.
Chika: Hey! Haguro, she can hear you!
Miyako: ... *ignore*
Haguro: Ugh, fuck this shit. I'm outta here.
Chika: Don't let her get to you, Shiinacchi. Bye.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Archery Club Captain: May I have a word?
Miyako: Captain.
Archery Club Captain: Shiina, you must come on occasion to the Archery Club.
Archery Club Captain: I would have you teach the others your skills.
Miyako: ...I'll pass.
Archery Club Captain: ...What about tomorrow?
Miyako: I'll think about it.
Archery Club Captain: I await your reply.
Miyako: ......
Umeko: Shiina, you're skipping club again today?
Miyako: Ms. Kojima, you promised me when I joined the club that I wouldn't have to go when I didn't feel like it.
Umeko: Yes, so I will not force you.
Umeko: I'd like you to observe the promising freshmen.
Miyako: ...Then I'll find a good day to go.
Umeko: Thank you.
Miyako: ......
Yamato: Zzz... Mnn Nee-san, you can't. Not in public... Hmm?
Yamato: Whoa, that was a long nap.
*My shirt was soaked with sweat.*
*Miyako was all by herself, silently reading a book.*
Yamato: Everyone's already left? We should get going too.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Miyako: Let's stop by the base.
Yamato: Sounds good.
*The sun was beginning to set by the time we arrived.*
*Moro was there by himself, playing a game.*
*It was so hot that everyone was in their summer uniforms.*
Takuya: Hey.
Yamato: Yo. What're you up to, Creature Hunter?
Takuya: You know how they just released a new DLC quest.
Yamato: Yeah, wasn't the plan to take it out as a group on Friday?
Takuya: I wanted to get some practice in first.
Cookie: Here's your coffee, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, thanks. Where's Miyako?
Cookie: She's up on the roof, staring into the distance.
Takuya: She does love watching the sunset from up there.
Cookie: Hey Yamato, when I look at Miyako, I get worried.
Yamato: ...Why?
Cookie: Because she's completely devoted to you.
Cookie: If you happened to fall in love with someone else, what would happen to her?
Yamato: It's terrifying to think about...
Yamato: But if I'm being honest, I don't think anything would change.
Yamato: Rather than throwing a fit and ruining our friendship, she'd probably bide her time and hope for a second chance.
Takuya: Well, that's the kind of girl Miyako is.
Cookie: Do you want to get together with her?
Yamato: I saved Miyako, but not to make her fall in love with me.
Yamato: I wish she'd broaden her horizons.
Cookie: I'm sick of hearing that! She likes you, so why can't you just like her back?!
Yamato: You're really passionate about this, Cookie.
Cookie: I mean, I'd understand if you loved someone.
Cookie: But since you don't, why not say yes to her?
Takuya: Now, now, Cookie.
Takuya: Yamato's doing this because he cares about Miyako.
Yamato: Yeah. If I date someone, it wouldn't be just as a fling.
Yamato: I'd want to be with her for life, which means I have to be prudent.
Yamato: ...This isn't the sort of thing you should do on a whim.
Cookie: And I'm tired of hearing that too... You're just running away from her love, Yamato.
SE0208
Yamato: I know.
Takuya: ...Argh! The enemy killed me while we were talking!
Cookie: It's not my fault.
Takuya: Cookie, you're really trying to play matchmaker.
Cookie: Of course. Miyako's the one who takes the time to polishes me.
Cookie: She makes sure I'm sparkling, while telling me that it's thanks to me the base is such a wonderful place.
Cookie: But when she doesn't know I'm looking, I see her looking so sad... I want to do something for her.
Takuya: Oh...
*--On the rooftop.*
Yamato: Here you are, happily moping about again.
Miyako: Mm-hm... I love sunsets.
Yamato: Isn't it kinda dangerous up there?
Yamato: Even you couldn't survive a fall like that.
Miyako: I'm confident I could figure something out before I fell to the ground.
Miyako: I'm more worried about falling into depression.
Yamato: Why's that?
Miyako: School's so... boring.
Miyako: Couldn't I just live here with Cookie and help guard our base?
Miyako: It's fun here.
Miyako: It's heaven.
Yamato: You won't get paid for it.
Miyako: Can't you adopt me as a pet? Woof, woof, meow.
Yamato: I'm not handing you the easy life.
Miyako: I'd work hard. I'd service you every morning and every night.
Yamato: Time to change the subject. So Miyako, why don't you try hanging out with people outside the family?
Miyako: I don't sense any need.
Yamato: That's why you're not enjoying school.
Yamato: If you open your heart to others, you'll find school can be fun.
Miyako: If you want to have input on my lifestyle, you're welcome to become my boyfriend.
Yamato: And if I said I couldn't be your boyfriend unless you did?
Miyako: Oh, in that case--
Yamato: No, hold on. I'm not offering any guarantees here.
Miyako: Tch...
*That was a close one.*
Yamato: Look, you need to spend time with others.
Miyako: No I don't.
Miyako: The Kazama Family is everything to me.
Miyako: I don't need anyone else.
Yamato: How do I put this? ...You're doing everything you can to stay in that shell of yours.
Miyako: Yeah... I'm a hermit crab.
Yamato: Huh? A hermit crab?!
Yamato: Oh... A hermit crab... A cute, adorable hermit crab.
Miyako: Wow! I got you hooked, and I wasn't even trying!
Yamato: ...Then I won't say anything for now.
Miyako: Okay...
*We looked up at the sunset.*
*Miyako went to hold my hand.*
*Well... That much I could give her.*
Miyako: ......
*Miyako happily gazed off into the distance.*
Yamato: The Kazama Family, huh?
Yamato: I'm amazed we've stuck together for so long.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Yamato: We've never really questioned it, but it really is special.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
*Somehow, as I stood alone with her on top of the abandoned building...*
*I felt strangely decadent.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*There was a girl I couldn't get out of my mind...*
*Shiina Miyako.*
*Her history of being bullied had led her to close her heart towards others...*
*But she constantly expressed her love towards me, her childhood friend.*
*Every day, she attacked me with her sensuality.*
*And it wasn't that I didn't enjoy it...*
*I had started to consider that I should stop holding myself back.*
*Maybe it was just a matter of time...*
*After all, I was catching myself thinking about her more and more.*
*It was like we just needed something to push us over the edge.*
*But what would happen between us?*
*--Kawakami Academy.*
Tesshin: How is Christiane Friedrich doing?
Umeko: She's entered into Kazama's group.
Lu: She's a wonderful girl. I'm sure there will be no trouble at all.
History Teacher: We must value her appreciation for Japanese culture, no?
History Teacher: And Maro is impressed by both her noble blood and the manners that it engendered.
Kyojin: Mr. Ayanokouji, couldn't you put a rest to worrying about people's bloodlines?
History Teacher: Silence! Maro is from Oshuu Hiraizumi! Would you spit upon Maro's noble bloodline?!
Kyojin: Look, I don't give a damn.
Tesshin: Now then, with Chris having transferred here...
Tesshin: We must send them a student in exchange.
Lu: 'Them' being Kawakami Academy's sister school in Lubeck, Germany?
Umeko: I'll ask the sophomores who've expressed interest in studying abroad.
Tesshin: Alas, they've set a condition for the student.
Umeko: Which is?
Tesshin: As I'm sure you're aware, kyudo, Japanese archery, has grown prominent internationally, and Germany is no exception.
Umeko: Yes, that's so wonderful.
Kyojin: It's been difficult for kyudo to get a foothold overseas, since it's up against Western archery.
Kyojin: But it's finally doing it, eh?
Lu: Kyudo and kendo could even become Olympic sports someday.
Kyojin: That doesn't seem too likely.
Tesshin: Lubeck in particular is becoming more interested in kyudo...
Tesshin: They've specifically requested a student talented enough to teach the students there.
Lu: That's a big responsibility.
Tesshin: Chris's father may have given them the impression that Japan is filled with high-calibre individuals.
Tesshin: So he thinks such a request is all but trivial.
Umeko: So that is the level of student we must search for...
Umeko: A sophomore who can study abroad and is talented in archery...
Lu: You are the Archery Club's advisor. Can you think of any?
Umeko: Shiina Miyako would fit those requirements.
Tesshin: Oh, the Shiinas' only daughter? They certainly wouldn't be disappointed by her skill.
Lu: Hers is a warrior family, too.
Umeko: Their skills were renowned during the Sengoku Era, known as 'Shiina of the Bow'.
History Teacher: There are no complaints to be had when it comes to her skills, no.
History Teacher: However, Maro does not see her displaying any sort of cooperative spirit.
History Teacher: (And that mother of hers is a vile creature.)
Umeko: Yes, she will likely refuse to go.
Tesshin: Would you be willing to ask her anyways?
Umeko: ...If that's what you want.
Kyojin: Ms. Kojima, that whole conversation was a bit of a downer, wouldn't you say?
Kyojin: So why don't you join me for drinks, and we can figure out a strategy?
Umeko: I will decline.
Tesshin: Another strikeout. You need to work on your lines.
Tesshin: Maybe I should show you a thing or two.
Tesshin: Hey, wanna have some oolong tea with me down in Odaiba?
Umeko: I will decilne.
Tesshin: Ugh! My pride, burned to ash.
Lu: Good grief...
History Teacher: You propose to her too matter-of-factly...
*So began the summer of 2009.*
Miyako: Yamato, spring out of bed. It's morning.
Yamato: It's too early for you to be the boss of me. I'll just stand up...
Miyako: Your first boobs of the morning.
Yamato: Press them against me all you want -- my will won't waver!
Miyako: Today's the first day of summer uniforms.
Yamato: Yes...
She looked cute in these, too
......
I couldn't wait to see Nee-san
Yamato: You look cute in these too.
Miyako: All those compliments are going to make me feel like I have a bun in the oven.
Yamato: No! Never say that word again!
Yamato: ......
Miyako: You still don't understand a maiden's heart, do you?
Yamato: I can't wait to see Nee-san in hers.
Miyako: ...Yamato, you meanie. How can you talk about her when I'm right here?
Miyako: But maybe I don't mind that.
Yamato: Make up your damn mind!
*We were all headed to school together... or so we thought.*
Kazuko: ---!
Gakuto: ---!
Miyako: I'm sensing some hostility.
Yamato: Guys, what happened?
Kazuko: Hmph! Ask Gakuto!
Yamato: I'm asking you, Wanko. *glare*
Kazuko: Wawawa! I'll talk, just stop staring at me!
Kazuko: So yesterday...
Kazuko: Wahoo! I bought a lottery ticket!
Gakuto: Nice! Now we just wait for the result.
Kazuko: When I heard that you can absorb someone else's luck by standing next to them, it hit me!
Kazuko: Since we're always with Capt, we must have a ton of luck stored up!
Gakuto: We never do things like buy lottery tickets.
Gakuto: And you can't forget about beginners' luck.
Kazuko: Right? Right? So what'll you do with your million yen?
Gakuto: I'd buy a car! I don't care that I don't have a license: I'll still buy a car!
Kazuko: Seriously? We could buy such good training equipment.
Kazuko: You want to build up muscle too, don't you?
Gakuto: My regular workouts have that covered.
Kazuko: But think of how much more efficient you'd be!
Gakuto: I'm not a trainin' fanatic like you, Wanko.
Kazuko: Mmngh! Hmph! You'd look stupid driving a car anyways.
Gakuto: What's that supposed to mean? You dare use verbal violence against me?!
Gakuto: Even if we're millionaires, I'm never lettin' you in my car!
Kazuko: Fine! Then you're never laying a finger on my equipment!
Gakuto: Hmph!
Kazuko: Hmph!
Kazuko: That pretty much covers it. Can you believe him?!
Yamato: You didn't even wait to win the lottery before you started fighting over the money?
Takuya: Say something, Capt.
Shouichi: You gotta think of all the unexplored regions of the world you could explore with that kinda money.
Miyako: Uh, you really don't have to make things worse.
Yukie: Umm... Erm... Maybe you could...
Gakuto: This little puppy did more than that. She karate chopped my hair, my pride and glory!
Kazuko: Well hmph! You deserved it!
Gakuto: My head hurt all night, thanks to you!
Kazuko: Whoa there! You think you can catch me, you big fatty! Bleah!
Gakuto: Dammit! Time to break out the dog whistle!
Kazuko: Eeek! I can't stop myself!
Gakuto: Handsome Tit for Tat!
Kazuko: Yeeouuuuccchhh!
Gakuto: Heh, wild dog exterminated. Rest in pieces.
Kazuko: Curse you! (She dragged at Gakuto's legs as he walked.)
Gakuto: Dwaaaaah!
*And he tumbled to the ground.*
Takuya: Don't you love that feeling you get when you're lined up at the supermarket and the neighboring register opens up?
Momoyo: Yeah, I get that. But when there's a cute girl at the register I'm lined up for, I'm going nowhere.
Momoyo: There's nothing like the moment when she realizes I've been staring and her cheeks blush.
Shouichi: I love the feeling of when you're at the dollar store and they forget to scan one of your items.
Takuya: You should've told them! Now that employee's going to get chewed out.
Yukie: U-Um, I'm not saying you shouldn't talk about that, but maybe we should stop them from fighting?
Shouichi: Eh, just let them get it out of their systems.
Momoyo: I believe that'll work. (Translation: She wouldn't do anything.)
Yamato: This is nothing unusual. They'll be good friends again in a day or two.
Matsukaze: But you're my man Yamato! Think about the awe an' respect my Mayucchi will give you if ya step in and stop that fight.
Chris: Indeed. Prove your worth as a tactician, Yamato.
Yamato: Gakuto, no girl likes a guy who beats up on girls. Wanko, if you don't act mature, you'll never catch up to your sister.
Gakuto: Tch. Fine, I'll be the bigger man. You count your blessings, brat.
Kazuko: Hmph! I wish you'd get bitten by a Bengal tiger!
Yamato: There. I stopped the fight.
Chris: Yet you did not resolve the fundamental issue.
Yamato: That's up to them. They'll be fine -- let them work it out.
Yukie: ...You may have faith, but... Hmm. Can I do something?
Miyako: You're concerned, aren't you? Leave this to me.
Yukie: Th-Thank you so much.
Miyako: Though I'm sure you'll get used to these kind of spats sooner or later.
*--After school, room 2-F.*
Gakuto: Dammit, why am I stuck cleaning?
Gakuto: Wait. What are you doin' here, Dog?
Kazuko: Don't ask me. Miyako made me trade with her.
Gakuto: Tch. Fine then. I'll move the desks, brat, so you clean up.
Kazuko: You don't have to tell me that, you octopus! Hmph!
Gakuto: I'm not some soft-skinned mollusk!
Kazuko: Wipe, wipe, wipe...
Kazuko: Oh, sheesh. It's so high up. (She jumped to reach it.)
Gakuto: Heheh. I bet you wish you were tall like me.
Kazuko: Shut up!
Gakuto: I guess I'll just have to do it for you.
Kazuko: Wow...
Kazuko: Then I'll carry the desks.
Gakuto: ...Good. Now we just have to take out the trash. And... Up!
Kazuko: I've got the door!
Gakuto: Thanks, mon petit. Little wonder you're my servant.
Kazuko: Who're you calling a servant? Give me half. I'm not owing you any favors.
Gakuto: ...Man, I want to get home so I can catch the reruns.
Kazuko: Hm? For what show?
Gakuto: It's called the Splendorous Clan, and one of the actresses is hot as hell.
Kazuko: Oh yeah. The characters aren't great, but I love the story.
*--On the way home.*
Gakuto: Wasn't the scene where the engineer ran towards the port amazing?
Kazuko: And then there was Shibutaku's speech!
Chris: I see you two are completely back to normal.
Gakuto: ...Maybe I'll stop by Yodobaso Camera to buy the DVD's.
Gakuto: There's always special features on the DVD's.
Kazuko: Oh, then I'll come with!
Kazuko: You can save lots of money with their points card!
Miyako: Strategy Alpha led to a quick reconciliation? Very fast, very nice.
Yukie: That was amazing, Miyako-san.
Chris: Yes, I did not expect them to make peace today.
Miyako: You're exaggerating. I barely did anything.
Yukie: All the same, thank you very much.
*............*
*I was sitting around, reading a book.*
Miyako: I'm here.
*Miyako came in and joined me, and without another word we each read our own book.*
Miyako: ......
*But I didn't mind the silence.*
*We were close, but not too close.*
*When things got tough on her, she would sometimes lean against me as we read.*
*Would it have been better for me to force her to keep some distance between us?*
*But this was relaxing for me too, being with her.*
Yamato: Miyako, come to think of it...
Yamato: I hear you mediated the fight between Wanko and Gakuto.
Miyako: I know you said they'd make up soon anyways, but Mayucchi was really worried, so...
Miyako: So I played my hand. And then they made up themselves.
*Spend enough time with someone, and you'll wind up fighting sooner or later.*
*But those fights never last long.*
*This time was no different.*
Yamato: Still, I'm proud of you doing something for the Family.
Yamato: How about I reward you with a pat to the head?
Miyako: I'd prefer a pat on the boobs.
Yamato: You'd use that as an excuse to go as far as you want, so I have to hold back.
Miyako: They're soft, but firm. You can even use them as hand grips.
Yamato: We talk at cross purposes far too much for us to be a couple.
Miyako: Then we'll have to talk more in bed.
Yamato: No! Don't you even think about stripping!
Yamato: Oh, geez! Now everything feels weird.
Miyako: Let it be weird, I can take responsibility. That was my goal anyways.
Yamato: ...I'll think about it.
Miyako: You didn't say 'Let's be friends'!
Miyako: Does that mean I'm making progress?
Yamato: Well...
Yamato: You're sort of starting to occupy my thoughts and all, so...
Miyako: Ohhhh!
Miyako: I'm so happy, I could skip.
Yamato: ...That's your happy face?
Miyako: My face may be stoic, but the rest of my body makes up for it.
Miyako: But I can't be eager.
Miyako: For now, I'll wash up and wait for you.
Yamato: That sure sounds eager to me.
*...But I could sense our relationship was growing.*
*This was one of the awful weeks when we still had to come to school on Saturday.*
*And the rising heat only made things worse.*
Miyako: Chris, come to think of it, didn't that Margit woman transfer into 2-S?
Kazuko: I couldn't believe it either! She came so quickly.
Chris: Yes, Father dispatched her to be my chaperone.
Chris: She has already found a place for herself, though I am not surprised.
Miyako: I can definitely see her fitting in with 2-S's elite crowd.
Kazuko: I can't wait to challenge her. It's gonna be fun.
Umeko: It's so hot... The perfect sort of day for edamame and beer.
Kazuko: Wow, you're so mature!
Umeko: You all will come to understand the pleasure of a pint after a hard day's work.
Umeko: Moving on, it has been decided that this years' sports festival will be an aquatic one.
Class F Boys: Aw yeah!
*Screamed the boys in unison.*
Chika: Aquatic, huh? Well, that means it'll be so nice and cool.
Haguro: If only we didn't have to deal with the boys' looks. Gwahaha.
Chris: Aquatic?
Miyako: We wear swimsuits and compete at the beach, so it's an aquatic sports festival.
Chris: Ah. Swimsuits, you say...
*This would be a sports festival I'd be happy to sit on the sidelines of and just watch.*
*............*
*--Kawakami Academy archery range.*
*Arrow after arrow from Miyako's bow thudded into the bullseye.*
Miyako: Good, I haven't grown rusty.
Umeko: Well done, Shiina. Your focus is most impressive of all.
Miyako: Ms. Kojima, what happened to your cool down jog?
Umeko: I hoped to see you here.
Miyako: ...Why?
Umeko: Yes, I'm sure you'll refuse, so I won't beat around the bush.
Umeko: Your name's come up as a candidate to study abroad in Germany.
Umeko: They're looking for someone to teach archery.
Miyako: I decline. I have zero desire to go.
Umeko: ...I thought so. Well, I can tell them I asked.
Umeko: And I did want to ask, since I do think it would be good for you.
Miyako: (The best thing for me is being with the Family!)
Miyako: (I don't need you trying to take me away from them.)
*At moments like this, nothing beat firing a shot.*
*She immediately focused, thoughts of everything else vanishing from her mind.*
*And her arrow hummed through the air straight to the center of the target.*
Umeko: ...One hundred percent accuracy. Literally.
Umeko: Could you find the time soon to examine the freshmen?
Miyako: There's a fundamental difference here, like I told you before.
Umeko: Being?
Miyako: I practice kyujutsu style archery, not kyudo.
Miyako: Namely, Shiina-style kyujutsu. It takes from too many other schools to be considered proper kyudo.
Miyako: So please, don't compare it to kyudo.
Umeko: I'm not asking you to teach them your techniques.
Umeko: You should be able to inspect their performance, even if it is different.
Miyako: All right. I'll at least look.
Umeko: Good. Use your skills to elevate everyone else.
Miyako: (What a waste of my time...)
*--The Kawakami Archery Club, 35 members strong.*
Archery Club Captain: Good, you have run enough.
Momoyo: Oh, Yumi, can I borrow some money?
Yumiko: I have nothing on hand.
Momoyo: Tch. Then you're useless.
Kosugi: Momo-senpai always has such a premium-like coolness about her.
Yumiko: Musashi Kosugi, she is not one to emulate.
Kosugi: I get that, Captain. I'll beat her one day.
Kosugi: I'll beat her with my own premium techniques!
*Kosugi, from class 1-S. With a series of duels, she achieved supremacy over the freshman girls. Word was she planned duel the sophomores next.*
Class D Student: Hey, that's Yaba-senpai. She's the second-prettiest senior after Momo-senpai.
Class E Student: And she talks just like a samurai would.
Class A Student: Musashi Kosugi's gotta be one of the top three cutest freshmen herself.
Kosugi: Mmph, those lustful jerks... My premium ears can hear whatever gossip they whisper too.
Yumiko: ...Heh, that is a powerful sense of hearing. Yet cast those worries aside.
Yumiko: Whew, we've arrived.
Yumiko: Well done, everyone! Take your break.
Yumiko: Shiina-san, you're here! Oh my gosh, this's great! Thanks!
Miyako: ...Sure.
Kosugi: I couldn't believe at first that this is what our Captain's really like.
Sophomore Club Member: She says people would make fun of her if she wasn't putting on those airs.
Kosugi: Those with the blood of warriors in their veins oft feel they have certain standards to uphold.
Kosugi: ...I do understand the desire. Bloodlines matter.
*Miyako was shooting once again.*
Sophomore Club Member: She's so silent, but deadly... Shiina of the Bow, in the flesh.
Kosugi: I'll have to have her see my premium technique.
*The club members took their bows in hand.*
Umeko: Oh, everyone's eager for you to inspect them.
Miyako: (Ooh, I'm stuck working with all of them?)
Miyako: (I knew this would be too much work...)
Miyako: I wouldn't want to teach them something that went against what you're trying to teach, Ms. Kojima, so...
*Miyako tried to dash out the door.*
Kosugi: Shiina-senpai, please wait! How do you think I'm doing?!
Miyako: ...I guess you're fine, nice and confident... But.
Miyako: You're gripping too hard. Your wrist is bent. That's why you can't hit the bullseye.
Kosugi: Huh?! Oh, you are right. How did my premium hands...
Umeko: Shiina, you're leaving already?!
Yumiko: Umm, you could practice with us if you'd like. I think that would lead to all of us improving.
Miyako: ...I'm not interested.
Yumiko: But you're so skilled.
Miyako: Kyudo's fun because it's an individual sport...
Miyako: I can't handle group stuff.
Yumiko: But don't they say that individual training only really bears fruit once you switch over to working as part of a group?
Miyako: I really don't care.
Yumiko: Mmm, what do we do now...
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Farewell, commoners! A peaceful night to you all!
Azumi: Kyaruuuun Goodbye!
Yumiko: A farewell to you as well!
Miyako: ...You're not the only one putting on an act.
Yumiko: Ms. Ume, I don't know what to do about Miyako.
Yumiko: I mean, I'm fine with her doing what she wants, but I feel like she's setting a bad example for the rest of the club.
Umeko: ...This is my fault for saying she only had to come when she wanted to.
Umeko: I never expected her to take me that literally.
Umeko: But you said you wanted to handle this. How, exactly?
Yumiko: I think it's nearly time for me to turn my heart to stone and tell her...
Yumiko: That no matter how good she is, if she's not willing to be a member of the team, then she's out.
Umeko: It would be a shame to lose her, but sometimes you have to cut your losses.
*The Kawakami Archery Club had a respectable standing within the prefecture.*
*But if they wanted to make it to nationals, they would have to raise the bar.*
*--The gambling den.*
Class S Student: Gh... I lost? ...Fine, here's your ten thousand.
Yamato: Thanks. Man, I was worried at first.
Yamato: You need to do something about that tendency of yours to spend the first round observing.
Class S Student: You're just telling me that so you can set yourself up to win next time, you dirty bastard.
*I liked stopping by here from time to time.*
Pheromone: Not bad, little boy. I'm Pheromone, a senior.
*A gaudy character I'd never seen before suddenly approached me.*
Pheromone: So, wanna throw dice with me?
Yamato: (She's been here for two hours, but this is the first time she's said anything.)
Yamato: Not right now, thank you. I'd like to take a break.
Pheromone: So you want to see me play someone else first? Oh, you are a stingy one.
Yamato: No no no, you've got me all wrong.
*I couldn't let my smile waver, not even with a rude woman like her.*
Yamato: Don't mind me staring. I just can't look away.
Pheromone: I can't stand men like you. Give me a simple, musclebound hunk.
Pheromone: Don't you have a friend like that?
Yamato: I do... (She must have meant Gakuto.)
Pheromone: I would love it if you introduced me to him.
Yamato: If this is part of some dare, then I'm having no part of this. I don't want to hurt him.
Pheromone: You've got me all wrong. Well, today I just wanted to say hello. I'll come back another time with a more formal request.
Yamato: (I shouldn't tell Gakuto about this. Not yet, anyways.)
*--In the hallway.*
Yamato: I made a killing... I'll save half of it, and the other half I'll wager the next time I'm here.
Yukie: Oh, Yamato-san. I didn't expect to see you here.
Yamato: Oh, what's up? Have you made any friends in your class?
Yukie: No, not yet... Oooh...
Matsukaze: But there's hope, lemme tell ya!
Yukie: That's right. I think I could get along with one of the people in my class!
Matsukaze: Yeah! And you diggin' being her friend.
Yamato: Making it that far's progress enough.
Yamato: Keep it up, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Thank you!
Kosugi: ...That's a real sword. So you must be Mayuzumi Yukie.
Yukie: Wah?!
Kosugi: I'm Musashi Kosugi of 1-S.
Kosugi: I hear you're the daughter of the Sword-Saint, Mayuzumi 11-dan, but you don't look nearly as powerful as him.
Kosugi: Well? How about a duel with the most premium girl in school?!
Yukie: No-No no no, I couldn't...
Yukie: The duel would be over in a second, and that would be way too embarrassing.
Kosugi: Yeah, we're on completely different levels. Bye.
Yamato: Whoa, hey, you're going to let her talk to you like that?
Yukie: It's fine, really. Ahaha.
*Maybe Mayucchi would actually, somehow, be able to find a friend.*
*--The riverside.*
Kazuko: Torah! Seyah!
Yamato: Oh, someone's really getting into her practice.
*Wanko was out here drilling by herself.*
Kazuko: Oh, Yamato! Guess what Gramps just told me?
Kazuko: He's setting me up a fight!
Yamato: Wow. What're you up against, a golden retriever?
Kazuko: I'm not competing against a dog! It's a martial arts match against a person!
Kazuko: And then he'll see how strong I've gotten.
Kazuko: So I can't lose!
Kazuko: Daaaash!
*With the match before her, Wanko devoted herself to training.*
*--At our secret base.*
Momoyo: Zzz... I stand triumphant over a mantis... Zzz...
*Nee-san was by herself, sound asleep.*
*A sign with the word 'Preparing' was next to her.*
Yamato: What's this all about?
Momoyo: *yawn* ...No money, no one powerful to fight...
Momoyo: So I just want to sleep...
Momoyo: Yamato, I'm bored. I don't know what to do with myself.
Momoyo: I should do something... but I feel like there's nothing in this world for me.
*She rested her head in my lap as she kicked her legs.*
Momoyo: Aren't I cute? Like a puppy asking you to play?
Yamato: More like a wolf that'll bite me in half if I don't play with it.
Momoyo: C'mon! Treat me for a day! I'm broke.
*I...*
Head out with her
Put her to bed
Chase her away.
Yamato: Then let's go hang out somewhere refreshing.
Momoyo: Yeah, that sounds perfect! Let's go!
*She hugged me tight.*
Momoyo: I love having a lil' bro who knows how to treat me right
*She was in a good mood... She must've been really bored.*
Yamato: Be a good girl and go to bed.
*I gently stroked her hair.*
Momoyo: You jerk... You figure you can just put me to sleep and that's that?
Yamato: A nice, long nap's not a bad option. (I continued to stroke her hair.)
Momoyo: ...Hmm.
*Her eyes closed as she drifted off to sleep.*
Yamato: You should pay me back soon.
Momoyo: Zzz...
Yamato: Can you hear me?
*I stuck my pinky in her ear.*
Momoyo: Mngh, argh, shut up...
*Nee-san started sleeping on the far sofa.*
*...She had way too much time on her hands.*
*She must be hungering for someone to fight.*
*Not having any worthy opponents was putting a strain on her.*
*--In the wee hours of the morning.*
Yamato: Okay, I've finished studying and working out.
Yamato: And I've practiced my shuffling.
Yamato: (Maybe I'll blow a load, then go to bed.)
Shouichi: Hey, Yamato, check this out! It's amazing!
Yamato: Knock first, dammit! That was close!
Shouichi: My dad found these new ruins out in Jordan.
*Capt showed me the letter.*
Yamato: Hidden ancient ruins? The counterpart to Petra? Damn.
Shouichi: They're setting up a search party... It's gonna be hot!
Shouichi: I wanna go with! There could be poisonous snakes, and army ants!
*The thrill of adventure had Capt in its thrall.*
*It seemed like everyone was going through changes...*
Yamato: It's been a long day. I've earned myself a nice, relaxing bath.
Miyako: I'll wash your back!
Yamato: Everyone except you. You never change.
Yamato: I'm impressed you found me so quickly.
Miyako: You can never hide from me for long, Yamato.
Yamato: That's kind of nice, but also terrifying.
*I politely drove her out.*
*The Kazama Family headed to school...*
Yamato: My uncle called me last night.
Yukie: What did he say?
Yamato: More talk about disaster, and that we had to make sure we're prepared.
Miyako: He keeps bringing that up, doesn't he?
Yamato: I mean, it is thanks to him that we're as prepared as we are.
Yukie: Earthquakes are such terrifying things.
Yukie: There was a big one at my family's home a few years ago.
Yamato: Yeah, like that. Were you all right?
Yukie: Yes, we were lucky and didn't have anything worse than shaking.
Matsukaze: Just a few things knocked off them shelves, nothin' more.
Yamato: I see.
Yamato: Man, I just realized you probably already had a lot of the stuff I got you in that disaster kit.
Yukie: No, I didn't bring any of that with me anyways.
Yamato: Then that's good.
Yukie: Thank you very much.
Chris: Oh, are you referring to the disaster kits you gave us?
Chris: I do appreciate it, yet it is strange to appreciate something I hope never to use.
Takuya: Most people would be shocked to receive something like that.
Miyako: The recipient might even think you're crazy.
Yamato: I don't care if they think I'm crazy, so long as they accept the goods.
Yamato: Just having them can make a big difference.
Miyako: That's right. Better safe than sorry. And. On. That. Note...
Miyako: If I stay by your side, you can always save me, Yamato.
Yamato: So that's why you're always in my room?
Yukie: Now that you mention it, you do spend a lot of time there.
Matsukaze: Get hitched already!
Miyako: That is the best idea you've had all day, Matsukaze. Good boy.
Matsukaze: Eheheh.
Matsukaze: Then I'm gonna put my hooves on the line and ask. What you do up there?
Miyako: We read books, play games, watch TV and DVDs...
Miyako: And all sorts of mischief. Hehe.
Yamato: Don't give them any ideas.
Gakuto: So Moro, did you take your laptop to browse through some sexy images?
Takuya: Yeah, I'm looking at some pretty shocking stuff. It's nasty.
Gakuto: Seriously?! Lemme see -- I'll give you this ticket for free ten-yen gum!
Gakuto: Wait -- Gaahhh! Why is there a nasty-looking snail on your screen?!
Takuya: It's been infected by leucochloridium, a parasite. When I finally mustered up the courage to click on it, I was really in for a shock.
Miyako: I've heard of that. It manipulates its host snail into being eaten by a bird.
Miyako: I know a lot about parasites. Does that turn you on, Yamato?
Yamato: You're making me exhausted on so many levels, that's for sure.
Gakuto: Ugh, why'd I gotta see that? I need to stare at Momo-senpai to heal my eyes.
Momoyo: Sure, look away as my hair beautifully sways in the early summer wind.
Gakuto: Yeah, and that's not all that's swaying! But I don't have any money.
Momoyo: Well that's a problem, because there's a 1,000 yen viewing fee!
*She lightly jabbed at Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Whoa?!
*It took all Gakuto had to block.*
Momoyo: Well, I can keep speeding up for as long as you'd like.
Momoyo: How many seconds do you think you'll last?
Gakuto: Nwaaaaaah!
*It may have looked like she was teasing him, but that was wrong.*
*Well, I mean, she was teasing him, but...*
*All the time I'd spent watching Nee-san move impossibly fast had made my eyes used to her speed.*
*Everyone else's attacks looked slow in comparison.*
*So thanks to all the times she'd teased me, I knew I could at least dodge anything anyone threw at me.*
Kazuko: Wow, Gakuto's hanging in there.
Chris: How kind of her, to train you.
Gakuto: Stop talkin' like this is noth--
NARRATOR
*An attack finally came too fast for Gakuto. It sent him flying.*
Kazuko: Wow, you knocked him all the way to us.
Chris: I shall catch him with my legs.
*Chris stretched her leg forward and caught him like a soccer ball.*
Gakuto: Gwah! At least let me land on your chest...
Yamato: ...?!
*I'd caught the briefest glimpse of Chris's underwear.*
*But poor Gakuto. He'd been at the wrong angle to see, and he was the one being kicked too.*
Yamato: (Lucky me... White, eh?)
Miyako: I saw what you saw, Yamato.
Yamato: Whoa! Don't sneak up on me like that!
Miyako: Smirking at the sight of CP is a heinous crime. You're under arrest!
Yamato: What's CP? ...Oh, Chris's panties.
Miyako: At 8:21 a.m., you were caught red-handed. You have no right to a lawyer, and will be forced to endure my sexual torture.
Yamato: What happened to law and order?
Momoyo: Hoho, I like the world you're building here.
*Nee-san's arrival meant I was doomed to be teased by them both.*
*But I wouldn't resist.*
Miyako: Weheh. Welcome to the hell of hugs. All you have to do to break free is say you like me.
Momoyo: What sort of savage would hug him in front of everyone heading to school...
Momoyo: Without letting me join in? Let's sandwich him between us.
*So the two of them squeezed me tight.*
*I figured I should at least act like I wasn't enjoying it.*
Yamato: Is there no hope for me? Must I suffer endlessly this public humiliation?
Momoyo: Heheheh. We're not here to give you what you want.
Yamato: (This feels awesome.)
*I didn't hate it -- I loved being pinned between two beautiful women.*
*Especially since that meant my face was buried in Nee-san's boobs.*
Shouichi: Mnn, seeing that's making me feel all funny-like.
Takuya: Huh? Are you finally becoming sexually aware? This is an event for the ages -- I half-want to go ring the alarm bells.
Shouichi: It's making me hungry for some meat buns. Let's head over to Nanahama's Chinatown!
Chris: Wait, hold on. Surely we should wait until after school.
Shouichi: Ngh. Chris, you're going to get in my way? I don't care -- you can't stop the wind!
Chris: I can certainly try.
Shouichi: Sounds fun! Then have a piece of my new early summer creation!
Yamato: (He should've talked her into it, rather than attack head-on...)
Chris: A powerful smokescreen? But I know your plan.
Chris: I can still find your aura...
Chris: There--Ugh?!
Shouichi: There's no way you can ever hope to punch through the picture of the cutest bear in the world!
Chris: What sort of coward would dare use that as a shield?!
Shouichi: I'm just using what I think's gonna work best.
Shouichi: So if you don't mind, I'm outta here.
Chris: Seyah! Sweep!
Shouichi: Shoot!
Shouichi: You saw my plan com--gah!
*Chris swept Capt off his feet, literally.*
Chris: All right, I have brought him down. Let us drag him with us.
Gakuto: You pulled it off in the end, and brought down Capt.
Yamato: We should get going too.
Momoyo: Yeah. Let's stop fooling around and go.
Momoyo: Mn, amph.
Yamato: Fwah! Get off of my ear!
*She'd started nibbling at it.*
Momoyo: Mm... *lick*
*Then she moved her tongue from my ear to my cheek.*
Momoyo: I have to mark you as mine.
*She was like an animal.*
Momoyo: And a kiss on the forehead.
Yamato: Whoa.
Momoyo: When I hugged you, I could tell you need to work out a bit more.
Momoyo: That way, you'll be the best hugging pillow possible.
Yamato: You actually analyzed me...
Momoyo: I have to give my lil' bro his regular checkups.
*She rubbed my chest, then let me go.*
*Her fooling around followed a certain pattern.*
*When she couldn't fight, her play would get more extreme.*
*Which meant she was currently craving a fight.*
*The rest of our trip to school was nothing out of the ordinary.*
*--In an empty classroom.*
Jun: So, what's the request this time?
Shouichi: One of my pals is lookin' for a fight.
Shouichi: So I'm sorry about this, but I'm winning this auction.
Jun: ...Oh, look there. Yaba-senpai's deep in thought.
Jun: What's going through her beautiful little head? Man, if she were just ten years younger...
Yumiko: (What do I want for dinner...?)
Yumiko: (I could make some kinpira gobo?)
*When people look like they're contemplating life's mysteries, one should expect anything but.*
*Six boys and girls had come to this empty classroom.*
History Teacher: Maro sees you are all here today, yes?
Lu: Then I will chant today's request.
History Teacher: Though love is oft fair, when stalkers take its mantle it can turn most foul.
Lu: Today's request is to eliminate a stalker.
Lu: The client has chosen to come here to explain herself.
Iyo: Hello. I'm Oowada Iyo of 1-C.
Iyo: The truth is, somebody gave me a letter that says, umm...
History Teacher: Maro will read it for you, yes? Ahem.
History Teacher: 'Iyo, my love, I long for you so. Each day I dip your things in the juices of my affections. And, as a token of my love, I gift to you my pubic hair.'
Jun: Whoa, what a creep.
Lu: Those 'things' he speaks of would be her personal belongings. They are at the center of this case.
Iyo: Please catch him and make him stop.
Shouichi: Any idea who it is?
Iyo: No, not one bit.
Yumiko: Have you noticed anyone tailing you?
Iyo: No, none of that either... I like to ride my bike.
Iyo: I ride it both to school and whenever I'm traveling around town, so I would know if someone was following me.
Shouichi: Yeah, someone sprinting after you'd stand out for sure.
Iyo: It's the 'things' bit that really makes me uncomfortable...
Iyo: But it's not like he's stolen anything. My recorder and gym clothes are safe, and I've started leaving my shoes in the classroom.
Jun: Whoa, hey. Maybe he's just putting them back after he uses them.
Iyo: We set up cameras in the classroom, but we didn't catch him.
Jun: What if he's taking things from your home?
Iyo: My mom and dad are always home, and our home's very secure. I don't think that's possible.
Shouichi: What if the perp knows all about the cameras you set up in there? He woulda known how to stay in the blind spots.
Iyo: None of the boys know about them.
Jun: That talk about 'spilling his seed' means lesbians are out of the question.
Shouichi: Where'd you wind up finding that letter?
Iyo: In my empty shoe locker.
Jun: You carry your indoor shoes home with you?
Iyo: Yes.
Shouichi: You're good at coming up with all sorts of ideas... Wait -- could it be?!
Jun: Let's not get the wrong impression here!
Jun: ...So these goods of his have to be fake, then.
Jun: Maybe he just wanted to see you squirm.
Iyo: That does seem like a possibility.
Iyo: I beg of you, please catch this guy!
Lu: The base fee is 50 high-quality meal tickets.
Shouichi: Well ain't that a fortune! This's gonna be hot! 50!
Yumiko: 49 is my bid!
Jun: 48!
*The auction continued apace.*
Jun: 38!
Shouichi: ...27!
Lu: 27. Any other bids? Then Kazama's is the winning bid!
History Teacher: Be sure to see this through, Kazama.
Jun: Good grief, you're running off with it again?
Shouichi: Like I told you, I've got someone who's just lookin' for an excuse to punch someone.
Iyo: Thank you so much!
Shouichi: You can count on us. When me and my pals get together, there's nothing we can't do.
*The Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: --That's what she's asking of us.
Miyako: Stalkers are so annoying!
Yamato: You said it!
Miyako: Why are you staring at me? ...Oh my, does this mean you--
Yamato: You know exactly what it means.
Shouichi: I had to drive down the price, or else things were gonna drag on forever.
Shouichi: 27 means 3 apiece! Who's in?!
Yukie: I would love to!
Momoyo: You're really gung-ho, Mayu-Mayu.
Yukie: T-To tell you the truth, I thought this Oowada-san person could be my friend, so...
Yukie: She didn't look well, and now that I know what's bothering her...
Yukie: I would love nothing more than to resolve her problem!
Momoyo: Okay, so that's why. All right, let's do this.
Momoyo: But taking down the stalker himself's my job. Heheheh.
Chris: The blood of justice running in my veins demands the stalker receives no mercy.
*Everyone turned out to be on board.*
Takuya: What do we do? Should we start out by having someone keep watch around Oowada-san?
Yamato: I think we can settle this without going that far.
Yamato: Miyako, when you heard everything, didn't a lightbulb go off in your head?
Miyako: Yes, yes, it blinked on!
Yamato: If all goes well, we can settle this on Monday.
Takuya: We'll have him caught and everything?
Yamato: Yeah. We don't have to keep perfect watch, just make sure to catch him in the act of taking the goods.
Gakuto: But from what I've heard, it's impossible for him to steal anything.
Yamato: Nah, I can think of one. My initial thought was her indoor shoes, but...
Yamato: Well, just wait for Monday.
*--After morning homeroom.*
Yamato: ...Welp, is he around?
Gakuto: Not her shoes, not her clothes...
Gakuto: What else could he hope to take here at school?
Takuya: Wait... You're not suggesting he took used tampons or tissue paper, are you?
Momoyo: Mororo, I never knew you were such a pervert. I'm kind of shocked.
Takuya: I was just brainstorming!
Yamato: What do you think, Miyako?
Miyako: It's a good idea, but there'd be a serious risk of accidentally choosing the wrong person's.
Takuya: I never knew so much thought went into stalking someone...
Yamato: Here.
Yukie: The bicycle rack...? Hm?
Momoyo: Someone's coming. Let's hide.
Stalker: Mweh! Mweheheh! Nobody's here!
Stalker: Where's Iyo-chan's bike... Here it is!
Stalker: Her ass sat in this saddle! Her pussy rested on it!
Stalker: Ah, this is the shit. *sniff, sniff, sniff*
Momoyo: What a creep... So the saddle's his 'goods'?
Takuya: Yamato, I'm impressed you figured it out.
Yamato: I can sort of understand where he's coming f--Ahem!
Yamato: I mean, I was the victim once myself in a very similar situation. (I glared at Miyako.)
Miyako: It was a joke.
Yamato: You took Golem's (my bicycle's) saddle!
Yukie: We have to stop him! Please let me handle this part!
Yukie: Please stop!
Stalker: Ah! You found me! This's ultra bad -- I gotta run!
Matsukaze: You ain't goin' nowhere. Cut him down to size, Mayucchi!
Stalker: Whoa, how'd you cut me off?!
Yukie: Sha!
Stalker: Dwahhh!
*She cut off his clothes, leaving him in only his underwear.*
*Furthermore, she'd cut the word 'Pervert' onto his chest.*
*I couldn't believe she'd done so much in a single cut.*
Stalker: Wh-Who are you guys?
Momoyo: You're letting him off too easy, Mayu-Mayu. Let's start by showing him a world of hurt.
Momoyo: Go on. Pick which bone you want me to dislocate. I wouldn't pick your backbone, though, if you wanna live.
Stalker: Eeeeek!
Momoyo: Ah, screw it. This won't give me any relief.
Stalker: Y-You're sparing me?
Gakuto: He's still a pervert, so let's do what we have to.
Gakuto: Hmph! Burnin' Attack! (It was a normal punch.)
Stalker: Gaaahhh!
*.........*
Yamato: Let's check your student handbook... Itou Makoto-kun of 1-A, huh?
Stalker: My love for her was too strong to resist.
Stalker: I'll do anything you want, just please don't take me to the teachers' office.
Momoyo: Tell me, how much do you make in a month?
Yamato: Don't blackmail him, Nee-san.
Stalker: It doesn't make any sense. At first, I just loved her.
Stalker: Loved her more than anything else in the world.
Stalker: Then my feelings began to escalate.
Stalker: So I'm a victim of love too.
Yamato: Wow... You've really been through a lot. I didn't realize.
Stalker: That's right.
*I...*
Let him go
Show no mercy
Yamato: I'd be willing to let you go, but...
Chris: No way. Justice demands retribution.
Yamato: Well. You heard the nice lady.
Yamato: Eh, you still have to pay for your sins, am I right?
Stalker: Huh...?
Shouichi: I'll go call the teachers.
Kazuko: Mission complete. That was boring. I didn't get to do anything.
Yamato: The setup was way longer than the actual event, yeah.
Stalker: Y-You'll pay for this...
Stalker: Eventually, you'll come to rue this day!
*At that moment, he skyrocketed into the air.*
*Then crashed back to the ground.*
Momoyo: If anyone asks, you tried to escape by jumping out the third-floor window.
Stalker: G-Gah... Oof. Eeeeek!
Takuya: Are you done? Or do you need to jump off the roof next?
Stalker: Eeek! I'm sorry forget I said anything honest please don't-- (He collapsed.)
Yukie: I think he fainted.
Miyako: ...Perverts, there they go again.
*............*
Miyako: I can't believe someone would use love as an excuse to bother someone.
Yamato: You said it.
Miyako: Let me say this: I'm not like him.
Miyako: Mine is true love. There's nothing else like it in the whole world.
Miyako: Comparing mine to his would be the cruelest thing you could do.
Yamato: And yet you both did the same thing.
Yamato: ...Well, I guess it never really bothered me.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Miyako: So, isn't it time you gave up? Won't you fall for me?
Yamato: It takes time to accept the truest love in all the world.
Yamato: To accept that I can love you for all my life.
Miyako: On that note, Yamato, I don't think we have the same point of view.
Miyako: I love you from the bottom of my heart, on a cosmic scale. Of course it would take you time to love me that much.
Miyako: But you don't have to reach that level to go out with me.
Miyako: And of course, I'd be happy if you were to love me for your entire life...
Miyako: But if things don't work out, we can always break up.
Yamato: Well, I don't plan on that. Not unless I want a knife at my throat.
Miyako: I'd never do that. I'm not sick in the head. I simply love you.
Miyako: A relationship where the spark is gone sounds too painful. If that happened, just dump me. Don't even give it a second thought.
Miyako: Basically, stop overthinking everything and just go out with me.
Miyako: Of course I hope that would lead to us getting married one day... but that would be up to you.
Yamato: ...Miyako, you'd really be okay with a normal relationship?
Miyako: (Well, that's just a means to an end.)
Miyako: (I'd work my butt off to make him love me.)
Yamato: (I know Miyako only said that as a means to an end.)
Yamato: (But she's right. If I keep overthinking everything, we'll never make it to the next step.)
*This incident had put a lot on my mind.*
*With any luck, this would give Mayucchi the opportunity to make friends with Oowada-san...*
*--Kawakami Bay, The day of the aquatic sports festival.*
Tesshin: Oh ho! What a wonderful sight.
Kyojin: It's a feast for the eyes. This is why I love summer.
Tesshin: If only all of them were wearing school swimsuits, I would have no complaints.
Kyojin: Well, regular swimsuits are still up my alley.
Kyojin: Look, check out the size of that girl's melons.
Tesshin: Which one?! I'll use my supernatural sight if I must!
Lu: Please don't use ultimate techniques for something like that!
Kyojin: Stop being such a stick in the mud, Mr. Lu.
Tesshin: He's right. With summer before us, let our hearts be open.
Lu: At least try to keep yourselves under control...
*Everyone gathered in their swimsuits.*
*We'd worn them under our school uniforms.*
Umeko: Yes, it's hot today. An excellent day to be at the beach.
Umeko: I expect each and every one of you to put up a strong fight!
Gakuto: Right guys, let's start the chant! Ready, go!
Ikurou: Ms. Ume gets to be in normal clothes while we're stuck in our swimsuits? No fair!
Gakuto: You should be wearin' yours too!
Mitsuru: Yeah, they're right! ...Was that good? Yeah, I think so.
Umeko: Hmm... Mmm...
*Normally, our instructors would still wear their normal work clothes to these events.*
*But if their own students called for them to wear a swimsuit, they could change into one.*
*It was a tradition meant to liven up the festival.*
Takuya: Swimsuit! Swimsuit!
Tadakatsu: Swimsuit, swimsuit.
Yamato: You too, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: My old man won't stop buggin' me about it!
Gakuto: Swimsuit! Swimsuit! C'mon Yamato, you chant too.
*I...*
Swimsuit! Swimsuit! Swimsuit!
Don't join the chant.
Yamato: Swimsuit! Swimsuit! Swimsuit! Swimsuit! Swimsuit!
Gakuto: Nice, you're really gettin' into it.
Umeko: (Naoe... You want to see it that badly?)
*I didn't join in the chant.*
Umeko: (Naoe's saying nothing?)
Umeko: (While Morooka is being rather enthusiastic about it.)
*Ms. Ume was carefully observing who was chanting and who wasn't.*
*The chant began to gain momentum.*
Umeko: ...Well, I wouldn't want to refuse my beloved students.
Umeko: I will lead in my swimsuit!
Gakuto: Aw yeah! She took it off!
Ikurou: And hers doesn't leave much for the imagination! She's really getting into the spirit!
Suguru: At 28, would this be her last chance to shine? How laughable!
*Three seconds later, her whip had wiped the floor with Suguru.*
Takuya: We haven't even started yet, and one person's already in the hospital?
Yamato: I feel like this festival's going to be amazing.
*--Meanwhile, in 2-S.*
Touma: Heheh. While 'wonderful' is the only word worthy of the ladies in their swimsuits...
Touma: The gentlemen's nipples are somehow even more alluring.
Jun: Young Master, you should probably think before you say things like that.
Kyojin: Whoa. Ms. Kojima, don't you look incredible? I could stare at you for ages.
Hideo: Teacher Usami, have you not more important things to pay attention to?!
Kyojin: Oh, my bad. Man, there's just too many to choose from.
Azumi: I wish the boys would stop staring.
Kokoro: Though it's too late to do anything about it, these swimsuits are a touch... Embarrassing.
Koyuki: It's the ocean Yay, yay!
Kyojin: My girls are in full bloom too. Nice.
Margit: ......
Jun: Huh? Looks like somebody's not getting in the mood.
Margit: ...I will take the cheerleader role.
Jun: You gotta join the fight, yo. You'd be a big help.
Margit: You bastard... I would think the son of a doctor could take a hint!
Jun: ...Oh! Right, sorry. You're on your period!
Jun: Oh, and that's why there's so many girls sitting out.
*Three seconds later, Jun was as beat up as an old rag.*
Azumi: ...Nobody ever taught you manners, Baldie?
Touma: One of ours, wounded already? I fear we are in for a strenuous fight.
Kyojin: Hey, you girls better not tell this old man to strip down into his swimsuit, 'cause there's no way I'm doing it.
Azumi: I wouldn't even dream of it
Kokoro: Heaven forbid your old-man reek ruins our eyes.
Kyojin: (Hey, hey. I got myself all nice and prepared, and you won't even chant it?)
*2-F.*
Gakuto: This is a view for the ages. Chris, you look amazing.
Chris: I simply cannot take that as a compliment.
Ikurou: Smile, smile! Cute girls gotta smile!
Haguro: Dammit! If this weren't my time of the month, this milkshake woulda made all the boys start turnin' the sea white!
Miyako: ...What do you think, Yamato?
Yamato: Nice. Very nice.
Chika: Sheesh, why can't the boys keep it in their pants?
Mayo: Well, once you get old enough, those sorts of things start to seem adorable.
Chika: But oh my gosh, check out Kazama. And Minamoto too.
Chika: Hmm. Naocchi's pretty buff too. What a day to be alive.
Mayo: Gakuto-san looks incredible.
Chika: But like, there's such a thing as too much.
Kazuko: Moro, look at me! Did I grow?!
Takuya: Ahaha, yeah. Come to think of it, I guess you did.
Kazuko: Really? Yay!
Gakuto: Moro might be too kind to say it, but I am not. Wanko, you haven't grown one bit!
Kazuko: You meanie patootie!
Gakuto: Hey, cut it out!
*A brawl started.*
Gakuto: Gwah... Stay still, dammit... Fuck me!
Kazuko: Yahoo! Gakuto's eliminated!
*Our second pre-competition casualty.*
Umeko: Now then, we compete in the aquatic sports festival as classes.
Umeko: The winning class will receive magnificent water-related prizes.
Yamato: That's all common knowledge, but what about this year in particular?
Umeko: Tickets for an all-expenses-paid hot spring vacation, coupons for swimsuits and surfboards...
Umeko: Free tickets for the gym, sauna, spa, pool and more...
Umeko: Gift certificates for pet shops and gardening stores...
Umeko: A swimsuit photo album and idol swimsuit figurines.
Yamato: ...Pet shop gift cards? I'd like one of those.
Chika: Let's do it!
Shouichi: Now I'm fired up! I'm in it to win it!
Umeko: You are all so honest to your desires.
*Round 1: Men's Pontoon Bridge Race*
Lu: It's a 50-meter run over the water on unstable platforms! Anyone who falls into the water will be disqualified.
Shouichi: This's gonna be sweet! I call first dibs!
Touma: Then I suppose I will go as well.
Lu: Okay, each class has sent their first runner!
Momoyo: Oh, the sophomore boys are racing.
Koppou Club Captain: OH! HOT BOY PARADISE!
Yumiko: I shall cheer for Aoi Touma.
Momoyo: Oh, so that's your type?
Yumiko: (Obviously. Intellectuals like Aoi-kun are so hot.)
*Capt was off like the wind, and easily came in first.*
Shouichi: I win! Unstable platforms don't matter if you're onto the next before it starts to move!
*Cheers welled up for him. Meanwhile, as for Aoi Touma...*
Touma: My goodness, falling into the ocean has left me utterly soaked.
Touma: But I daresay I am dripping with radiance, if you please.
*He was going for entertainment.*
Aoi's Fan 1: Squeee! Touma-kun, you're beautiful!
Aoi's Fan 2: I have to take so many photos!
Yumiko: A lady-killer is he.
*And so the applause and cheers turned to Aoi Touma.*
Momoyo: But Capt won the whole thing.
Shouichi: Damn, you took half of my applause!
Kazuko: It's fine! We're still winning!
Kazuko: But Class S doesn't really seem into it, you know?
Tadakatsu: Hmph. One look'll tell you why.
Kokoro: The sun is high in the sky... (She said, laying in the sand.)
Azumi: Hideo-sama, I have your tropical drink.
Koyuki: Oh, I found a crab! Wait, Mr. Crab!
Kazuko: Oh, they're just enjoying the beach?
Tadakatsu: None of the goods mean nothin' to them.
Kazuko: Right, 'cause they're all rich.
Tadakatsu: And you don't set records at a thing like this. Nobody remembers it, like comedy special on New Year's.
Tadakatsu: So the way they see it...
Tadakatsu: Losin' don't cost them a thing.
Kazuko: Nngh, that still drives me nuts.
Yamato: What's the big deal? Let our strongest rival be out of commission.
Yamato: We just need to pick up the win.
Kazuko: Wow, you're really into this.
Yamato: I need that discount on high-quality hermit crab food.
Hideo: Then We suppose We shall go for Our run before Our drink.
Takuya: Oh, Class S's Kuki Hideo is up next. I don't think he'll slack off.
Kazuko: He is super fast, I think.
Yamato: Then I'll go. I can restrain him.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. It is you We face, Naoe Yamato? We could not dream of a lesser foe!
Yamato: Did you hear the cheers and see the adulation Aoi got for taking a dive?
Hideo: Mn?
Yamato: So what's Mr. Hero going to do to entertain everyone?
Yamato: The people await.
Hideo: Heh. A king must rise to the expectations of his people.
*I figured that should make Kuki play to the crowd too.*
*The ground wouldn't be steady under my feet... What would be the best way to go about this?*
Run super fast
Go slow and steady
Yamato: Guess I'll follow Capt's lead!
*As soon as the gun fired, I sprinted.*
*As did my opponents from the other classes.*
Yamato: (Even with Kuki out of the picture, I've still got tough competition!)
*But somehow or another, I managed to come in first.*
Yamato: Huff, huff... It took everything I had, but I did it.
Miyako: Well done, Yamato. Very cool.
Kazuko: Well, you cut it close, but you won!
Yamato: I'll be slow and steady!
*But when I tried to stand steady on the unstable platform...*
Yamato: Bwahh, I'm sinking! Like a plane that flies too slow to stay in the air... Gwah!
Kazuko: Yeesh, Yamato fell in the water.
Miyako: What a little rascal.
*As for Kuki Hideo...*
Hideo: Say naught of running! We shall become one with the great blue sea!
*He followed Touma's lead and jumped into the ocean... Then went deeper.*
Hideo: Behold! We have taken prisoner this octopus! Mwahahaha! Look at how the devilfish trembles in fear!
*Thunderous applause and laughter followed.*
Shouichi: Class S, why do you gotta be so focused on being funny?
Yamato: And like I'm trying to say, that just means we're more likely to win.
Miyako: Well done on the race.
Yamato: You can divide people's attitudes towards aquatic sports festivals into three groups.
Yamato: First, there's people like us who want to win.
Yamato: Then there's the ones who just want to have fun.
Yamato: Everyone else is dead in the water, metaphorically speaking.
Yamato: If we can figure out what group someone's in, we can use that to our advantage.
Shouichi: But dude, how's that work?
Yamato: Just count on me. I'm a keen observer. Follow my instructions.
Yamato: The next runners look enthusiastic. Gen-san, if you would?
*When our opponents looked ready to rumble, I sent in our aces.*
Yamato: These guys seem out of it. You can win this, Moro.
*Against unmotivated opponents, I sent our weaker runners.*
*That careful observation let me assign our classmates effectively.*
Yamato: ...The next person from Class S is the MVP of the Track and Field Club.
Yamato: Kuma-chan, could I ask you to do this? I'm sorry for sticking you with this role.
Mitsuru: Nah, I'm just happy at the thought of all the free seafood pizza coupons I'll get!
*Against people we couldn't hope to beat, I spent runners who couldn't hope to beat anyone.*
*As a result, we won a ton of races--*
Lu: Round 1 complete! First place goes to Class E. Followed by Class C!
Ikurou: Oof, we were so close.
Yamato: We're doing fine. Our girls are so strong, and we've put them in a position to turn things around.
*--At a beach a slight distance away.*
Shakadou: Wowee, look at'm Kawakami Academy folks doin' their thing.
Shakadou: You girls keep flauntin' that beautiful skin.
Shakadou: Ooh! Now there's 'n idea for some fun.
*Round 2: Girls' Beach Volleyball Tournament*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, what pair of girls should play?
Yamato: Are you sure you want me to decide?
Mayo: By all means, please.
Yamato: Then the best pair would be...
Chris and Kazuko
Kazuko and Miyako
Chris and Miyako
Mayo and Chika
Yamato: Kuri and Kaz.
Kazuko: Stop making it sound like we're a comedy group!
*The two easily won their way through to the finals.*
Azumi: Think you can beat me and Yuki?!
Koyuki: I set, and Azumi spikes! We're perfect and unbeatable.
Kazuko: Kuri, you need to be more efficient!
Chris: This is your fault, Dog!
Takuya: Mmm. They're both good, but they need to stop fighting.
Yamato: The two just can't get along.
*In the end, they came in second.*
Yamato: Miyako! Wanko! We're counting on you.
Miyako: Roger that. Wanko, paw!
Kazuko: Here!
Miyako: All right, let's go. Do exactly as I say.
Kazuko: 'Kay! Just point me in the right direction!
Shouichi: They got the chops, they got the teamwork, they're all-in-all the best two we could send.
Yamato: They're the best I could think of.
*The two easily won their way through to the finals.*
Kazuko: Thanks for the backup, Miyako!
Miyako: Perfect spike, Wanko!
Azumi: Tch, they ain't bad.
*They easily came in first.*
Yamato: Chris, I want you to go with Miyako.
Miyako: Your request has been noted. I will give 100 out of 100 percent.
*The two easily won their way through to the finals.*
Miyako: I have to win, to prove Yamato's strategy is perfect!
Chris: I must live up to your determination!
Azumi: Kh, what's got their panties in a twist?
*Enthusiasm drove them to first place.*
Chris: We did it, Miyako! What a wonderful feeling this is!
Miyako: Thank you, Chris.
Chris: Think nothing of it!
Yamato: Maybe you and Ogasawara-san would be best.
Mayo: But there's no way I can win!
Chika: And like, I'm not that bad, but couldn't you send Wanko or Miyako?
Yamato: You two work so well together that I'm betting...
Yamato: You can manage something special.
Chika: Okay, so you're saying I have hidden potential... Okay!
Mayo: I'll just have to do my best!
*Once things got underway, they actually did pretty well.*
Kazuko: They're in sync?
*Until they lost in the second round.*
Chika: ...We had no potential at all.
Yamato: That was my mistake. You were still impressive.
*So the day continued.*
*Round 5: Group Ball Toss*
*All the classes would get into the water and try to throw the balls in the baskets on the beach. We were also free to get in each others' way.*
*From the starting bell, Class C went after Class E.*
Ikurou: Class E's in first place, but they're struggling. Time to rack up our score!
Takuya: Right, didn't you talk to Class C during lunch? What'd you say?
Yamato: I just hinted that Class E was looking down on them.
Tadakatsu: And those two classes ain't never gotten along. They went for it hook, line and sinker.
Yamato: I'll do anything for that pet shop coupon.
*That put us into striking distance of first place.*
*Semifinal: Sophomore Manliness Championship*
Tesshin: This is a new event.
Kyojin: A manliness championship? That doesn't sound right.
Lu: I'm getting a bad feeling about this too.
Tesshin: I spent fifty years conceiving this tournament.
Tesshin: What is more manly than an unwavering will?!
Tesshin: That is how you will contest! Here are the rules.
Tesshin: First, each class will select one man.
Tesshin: That man will stand crucified in front of the other class's girls.
Tesshin: They will tempt him!
Tesshin: They may use whatever means they choose.
Tesshin: The man must endure. Any erection spells defeat!
Tesshin: The longer you last, the more points you get.
Tesshin: For it takes the manliest man to stand limp in the face of any and all temptation!
Tadakatsu: You spent fifty years dreamin' up this shit?
Ikurou: Heck, I'm thinking this's the best event ever!
Tesshin: We'll attach a device that monitors blood flow. If it detects arousal from temptation, it will deliver an electrical shock.
Tesshin: Now, let each class bring forth their manliest man.
Takuya: Whoa, I'm out. I don't wanna die.
Chika: We'd be totally insane to send that monkey. He wouldn't last a second.
Ikurou: I won't deny it!
Miyako: Isn't Cap the obvious choice? He still doesn't like girls.
Shouichi: I'm kinda lost here, but there's no way I'm doing it!
Yamato: Why's that?
Shouichi: Being surrounded by another class's girls is all icky!
Tadakatsu: Same boat here. Like hell I'm doing it. I'd go to Hell first.
Mitsuru: That's exactly what the perfect candidate would say.
Chika: What about you, Naocchi?
Yamato: Well, I'm 200% confident I can bear it.
Mayo: That sounds wonderful! Then it's decided!
Yamato: If you insist. Everyone else, don't hate me for this.
Ikurou: If you immediately wipe out, we'll burn you up on that cross!
Yamato: I've got this, relax. Let them tease me.
Takuya: It looks like we're up against Class S.
Yamato: ...So it's the Class S girls who'll tempt me.
Yamato: This might be fun. Not that I'm saying I'm a pervert or anything.
*--Meanwhile, in Class S.*
Azumi: Now then, whom should we choose?
Kokoro: Aoi-kun would be unthinkable for the likes of this.
Touma: Alas, it is true. Simply being surrounded by those ladies would lead to my demise.
Kokoro: Ah, wouldn't Kuki Hideo be ideal?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Manly though We may be, We must decline!
Hideo: Never could We suffer the disgrace of crucifixion!
Kokoro: Oh, yes. I can certainly see why.
Jun: Then leave it to me.
Kokoro: I-Inoouuuuueeeeee!
Azumi: Didn't we beat you up? I'm surprised you've recovered so quickly.
Jun: Leave this to me. No regular girl our age could give me a boner.
Kokoro: But you are utterly weak to lolis, you buffoon!
Jun: I've got an ace up my sleeve. A plan that's simple, but effective.
Kokoro: ...You're the tactician, Aoi-kun. What do you think?
Touma: If Jun says he has a plan, then I can but trust him.
Jun: Sweet, that settles it. I'm going all-out!
Takuya: It looks like they're picking Inoue Jun.
Yamato: Inoue Jun, eh? (I wrote down some quick notes.)
Yamato: Capt, if you're having trouble against him, I want you to open this bag.
Shouichi: Sweet. We've got this covered, so you go kick some butt.
Tesshin:  Let the match begin!
*--2-F's territory.*
Jun: Right, give me your worst. It'll all be in vain.
Jun: Let me warn you. No degree of sexiness will defeat me!
Chika: Uh, we're totally not doing anything here.
Ikurou: We know your weakness, Baldie! Just throw in the towel.
Ikurou: Class Rep, I got you a lollipop.
Jun: You bastards... How dare you think of doing that!
Ikurou: I want you to lick that in front of Inoue Jun.
Mayo: Huh? That's it?
Takuya: That's all we need to win.
Mayo: Then I'll lick it. Ahmph.
Ikurou: Victory!
*Amakasu Mayo licked the lollipop.*
*But...*
Chika: Hey, what happened to the electricity?!
Ikurou: You bastard. You actually did it!
Jun: The world is clouded in darkness...
Takuya: He closed his eyes! A simple technique, but amazingly effective.
Jun: Haha! No temptation can take me if I'm blind to it!
Jun: Sure, I'm a lolicon, but like this I can never lose!
Shouichi: Let's open up Yamato's bag. There oughta be some message in there telling us how to beat him.
Shouichi: Oh, here we go. Countermeasure 23!
Shouichi: If the opponent cuts off his vision... Miyako!
Shouichi: I want you to do exactly what it says here.
Miyako: Let's see... Hmm. Aye, sir.
Younger Sister Voice: Nii-sama.
Jun: Is that an imouto character whispering sweet nothings into my ear?! Oh no!
Jun: If that voice tells me to shampoo her hair in the bath, I'll...
Younger Sister Voice: Nii-sama... It's so big.
Jun: That's even worse!!!
*Inoue Jun was instantly toasted like takoyaki.*
Shouichi: If you can't go for the eyes then go for the ears. Worked like a charm.
Takuya: I'm amazed those whispers were enough to burn him to a crisp.
Chika: So, like, this is what a cooked man smells like?
Kazuko: Hey, wasn't that a bit much?!
*They took him out on a stretcher.*
Ikurou: Shit, he's out cold, but he looks surprisingly peaceful.
Takuya: He got what he truly wanted as an unapologetic lolicon.
*--2-S's territory.*
Yamato: Please be merciful.
Hideo: Crucified, to suffer the vile torments of womankind...
Hideo: We pity you, Naoe Yamato. We shall at least look away, to spare you that much.
*Kuki Hideo left his seat.*
Azumi: Now this is gonna be easy. Yuki, start by taking out that crucifix!
Koyuki: Kay-kay, down she goes! Kaboomie!
*They knocked me on my back, still affixed to the cross.*
Yamato: Give me your worst, you elite girls!
Touma: Now then, Yamato-kun, I shall take the lead.
Yamato: Wait, hold up. Where'd that come from?!
Momoyo: Aha! My little bro's chastity's in danger.
Momoyo: Somebody film this!
Yumiko: I shall be sure to capture every moment.
Touma: I shall bring you so much pleasure, Yamato-kun, that you will find yourself drawn to a most queer fate.
Yamato: Judge! Judge! How is this not against the rules?!
Tesshin: He is right. Withdraw, Aoi Touma.
Touma: ...Mm, well played. A shame, truly.
Yamato: I'm never afraid to ask for help.
Azumi: Now that the girly man's gone, the party's really gonna start.
Kokoro: I am the personification of Japanese beauty, and I am wearing a swimsuit. How can you resist?
Azumi: Tell me, Naoe... Does this buff and fit body make you feel nothing?
Azumi: Can't you appreciate the mature sensuality those brats that you call friends lack?
Azumi: Here, take a nice, close look. Show me a tent in your trunks.
Yamato: Hmm... Oh, I see.
*I...*
Great! She was my type
I wanted a girl with some love handles
Nice, but how old was she?
Granny, marry me!
Yamato: Wow, you look amazing. You're definitely my type.
Azumi: Oh, well ain't you honest.
Azumi: Me... I like a man who's honest.
Yamato: Have you ever considered working out a bit less?
Azumi: ...Friggin' kids.
Azumi: Well, I can see you bluffing. You ain't getting nothing past me.
*She wasn't entirely wrong.*
Yamato: Yeah, I think you're pretty.
Azumi: Nice, you're a good kid. (She patted my head.)
Yamato: But how old are you? Aren't you a little old for a school swimsuit?
Azumi: Hold up. Judge, you sure I can't kill him?
Tesshin: Of course that's against the rules. You cannot directly harm him.
Azumi: Tch. Fine, bullshit all you want.
*I hadn't expected that would make her that angry.*
Yamato: Marry me, granny!
Azumi: Who're you callin' granny? Get ready to die!
Lu: Whoa there! Striking him is against the rules!
Azumi: Tch. Fine, spout bullshit all you want.
*I hadn't expected that would make her that angry.*
*Nevertheless, I couldn't believe how quickly Assistant Master Lu had intervened.*
Yamato: Well, you need more than that to make me react.
Azumi: Didn't think you had enough experience to have a gourmet's eye, little brat.
Kokoro: What of my gorgeous form, you lowly man?
Kokoro: I shall give you a close view. Feel free to spread legends of it in the hereafter.
*I...*
I love girls in school swimsuits
I have never seen one more beautiful
Flat chest! Flat chest! Flat chest!
Nay, thou art not my type
Yamato: You look good in a school swimsuit.
Kokoro: ...Is that a compliment?
Yamato: Never have I seen one more beautiful.
Kokoro: Of course not. So do not look away, for you will not have another chance.
Yamato: That flat chest of yours really brings everything together.
Kokoro: ...How bold of you, to utter such.
Yamato: Some people would take that as a compliment.
Kokoro: Well I'm not them!
Yamato: Nay, thou art not my type.
Kokoro: Have you no eye for beauty? You fool.
Yamato: Well, you can't make me react regardless.
Koyuki: Hey, hey, want a marshmallow?
*Oof, she was a fierce foe! And sexy too!*
Koyuki: Oh, right. Your hands aren't free. Say 'ahh'.
*I decided to...*
Eat the marshmallow
Refuse the marshmallow
Ask for the marshmallows on her chest
Tell her to buzz off
Yamato: Sounds great. Ahh.
Koyuki: Here you go.
*It was nice and sweet.*
Yamato: No thanks.
Koyuki: Then I'll eat it... *om nom nom*
Koyuki: Mmn, it's so good. You sure you don't want one?
Yamato: I'd prefer the marshmallows on your chest.
Koyuki: Hm? My chest? I don't have any on my chest, silly.
Koyuki: See? (She'd buried my head in her chest.)
Yamato: ......?!
*Whoa, I'd barely survived that!*
Yamato: Buzz off, dummy.
Koyuki: ...You meanie.
Kokoro: A devil, truly.
Azumi: Well, it ain't like Yuki's taken any damage.
Koyuki: Whahahaha.
*What a mysterious woman.*
Yamato: ...Anyways, I've made it through so far.
Kokoro: Hmm, so eye candy alone won't be enough.
Azumi: What's next? Wanna come up with something to say?
*That was the same plan I'd come up with.*
Azumi: Yuki, eat this right next to his ear.
Koyuki: Oh, a banana! Yay! Yummy yummy banana!
Azumi: Lick it good too. Kokoro, you also get in on this.
Kokoro: Well, I would not oppose a banana. They are to my liking, after all.
Koyuki: *lick*... *lick*... *suck*... Mn... *om nom nom*
Kokoro: *lick*... *lick*... Hamph, mnn. *nibble*
Yamato: Ts... You girls are good.
Koyuki: *kiss*... Amph... *slurp*... *suck*
*I was starting to feel tingly.*
Yamato: But that won't work on me.
Yamato: In fact, Kokoro's charms could never break me.
Kokoro: How rude, you peasant!
Kokoro: I swear by my charm that I will give you a boner!
Yamato: Well, good thing you're not licking my nipples. ......Oops!
Kokoro: You fool! I cannot believe you announced your own weakness!
Yamato: Oh no. Whatever shall I do...
Kokoro: Now that we know your weakness, it is time to go on the attack!
Azumi: Hey, hey. Calm your tits, Kokoro. That's gonna make things weird.
Kokoro: Silence! I shall put a quick end to this match.
Kokoro: (Ugh, I'm actually going to lick there? ...Mmm.)
Kokoro: ...*kiss* ...*lick*
*Her hot tongue stroked my chest.*
Kokoro: *lick* *lick*... Well? Is the electricity running through you?
Yamato: Oh no. Please. Stop. I can't resist...
Kokoro: Heheh, then I'll lick away. *lick* *lick*
Azumi: Oh, geez. She completely fell for it.
Koyuki: Wowie-zowie.
Yamato: D-Dammit. If you switch from my right nipple to my left, it'll be disaster city over here!
Kokoro: Only the most foolish simpleton would speak his thoughts aloud... Hah! *lick*
Kokoro: *lick* *lick* *lick*...
Momoyo: Ngh! He's taunting them into doing exactly what he wants!
Momoyo: I knew he was perverted to the core... I'll never take you lightly, lil' bro.
Yumiko: How indecent.
Kokoro: Nngh, why won't you react?!
Azumi: Like I said, he fooled you.
Kokoro: Bwhat?! He fooled me, a fixture in our school's top twenty?
Yamato: Whether I did or didn't...
Yamato: It looks like your charms aren't up to the task.
Kokoro: No way! You shall pay for that utterance!
Yamato: Well...
*What provocation would be best?*
'If you lick my entire body, it'd be THE END.'
'Sit on my face, and I'd be done for.'
'If you peed on me, I'd have to cry uncle.'
'Abusing me would be a one-way ticket to heaven.'
Yamato: If you lick my entire body, it'd be THE END.
Kokoro: Then THE END it shall literally be!
Kokoro: Mn... *lick*... *lick*
Yamato: You're doing it wrong. Start from my collarbone.
Kokoro: ... *lick, lick*
Yamato: Do my fingers next, one at a time.
Kokoro: *slurp* *lick*...
Kokoro: Wait! Why are you ordering me about, you fool?!
Yamato: Tch, you figured it out. Though it certainly took you long enough!
Yamato: Sit on my face, and I'd be done for.
Kokoro: I can certainly see the humiliation in that.
Kokoro: Is that what will cause you to react, you pervert?
Kokoro: Then my chair you shall be!
*She sat down on top of me.*
*Enveloping my face in her soft flesh.*
*This would normally be embarrassing, but she was wearing a swimsuit.*
*It felt amazing... How to describe it? Anything I could say would sound so pretentious.*
Kokoro: Well? Will you surrender? Or will you find yourself with a boner, pervert?
*Yes... This... This was perfect.*
Koyuki: That looks fun! Can I do it! Trade with me!
Koyuki: Boom!
Yamato: Nwha?!
*The volume, the weight of her, it was all different!*
Koyuki: ...Yay! (She swayed on top of me.)
Koyuki: ...Hm... Huh?
Koyuki: Hm... That's strange. It's like...
Koyuki: Moving my hips makes me feel so... weird. (She kept swaying.)
Koyuki: I think this feels... good? (She kept going.)
Azumi: Stooooopppp!
Azumi: That was close... We almost cost her her innocence.
*And she'd almost cost me the match.*
Yamato: If you peed on me, I'd have to cry uncle.
Kokoro: ...Wha-wha-wha?!
Kokoro: ...Would that... Truly spell your defeat?
Yamato: Yeah.
Kokoro: I would never do that, buffoon! (She kicked me.)
Yamato: Gah! I guess you're not that stupid.
Yamato: Abusing me would print me a one-way ticket to heaven.
Kokoro: That I am happy to oblige. Girls, assist me!
Kokoro: Pervert! Pervert! Pervert!
Kokoro: You're the scum of the earth! Trash! Garbage! A tick! A cockroach! A maggot! Dirt! Refuse! Puke! Someone whose phone never rings!
Kokoro: This feels absolutely incredible! I'm feeling impassioned!
Azumi: You asinine dumbass! You're pissing me off!
Koyuki: Stupid dummy silly-head!
Kokoro: Harsher!
Koyuki: Ahahaha, fuck you!
Kokoro: Uh, maybe that's a bit too much...
Azumi: She's right. Being an oddball doesn't give you an excuse to say anything.
Koyuki: Ohhh...
Yamato: Now you're ignoring me? Tch, you're good at this...
Kokoro: Yeargh! We must keep up the attack.
Kokoro: I can at least resort to licking his chest.
Kokoro: *lick*... *lick*... *kiss*
Spectator A: Whoa, she's at it again! And she's going hard!
Tesshin: Mm, he's the only one left unzapped.
Tesshin: The match is over!
Azumi: Tch, time's up? You're one tough cookie.
Yamato: Aw yeah! I'm a wei-ner!
*The judges freed me from the cross.*
Kokoro: Absurd. How did you fail to react?!
Yamato: Heh. You just weren't sexy enough.
*Well, the real reason was simple, you see...*
Momoyo: Yamato, come play with your big sister. I've got a shocking revelation! I'm so bored and I don't know what to do with myself! *hug*
Momoyo: Look at that yummy earlobe...
Miyako: I'm 50% in love with you, Yamato. *hug*
Miyako: Check out this full-body rub...
*Day after day I'd suffered their sexy combo attacks.*
*It would take more than some amateur play to make me react.*
Yamato: Still, you really got into that licking.
Kokoro: Huh?!
Spectator A: That's right. I'd love someone to caress me like that!
Spectator B: You're clearly looking to have him in your bed tonight!
Spectator C: Whew!
Spectator D: Go out already!
Kokoro: I-I-I-I-I-I-It is nothing of the sort!
Azumi: Eh, you can't blame them for thinking that way.
Kokoro: Y-You cannot?
Yamato: Fushikawa Kokoro... I'm glad to know you feel that way about me, but...
Yamato: I'm sorry.
Kokoro: Huh?
Spectator A: Oh no! He shot her down!
Spectator B: He rejected Fushikawa, even though she's from a noble family!
Kokoro: Huh? You have this all wrong!
*She hadn't confessed to me, but that didn't stop me from dumping her.*
Yamato: See? I told you I'd win!
Yamato: And I've made Fushikawa pay for all the times she's made fun of me with some severe mental damage!
*Wait. Why did everything feel so... Wrong?*
Yamato: Whew. I danced with death back there.
Yamato: When they started sucking on my nipples, I thought I was done for.
Ikurou: Damn, that school swimsuit stuff's what you're into?
Yamato: Give it a rest. A win's a win.
Ikurou: Next time, you bastard, I'll put praying mantis eggs in your room. It'll serve you right when all of them hatch!
Yamato: Eh, Wanko would exterminate them for me.
Kazuko: I'll never lose to a praying mantis!
Miyako: Yamato, you perv. You could've asked me to lick you.
Yamato: Now, now. That was all part of the game.
*At any rate, this put us in a virtual tie for first place.*
Yamato: Next up's the final round. We've come too far to lose.
*Final Round: Monster Extermination.*
Tesshin: Each class will be tasked with defeating one person in a monster costume.
Tesshin: You win when the monster surrenders.
Tesshin: Trainee monks from the Kawakami Temple will be the ones wearing the costumes, so I am certain you'll need to work together as a class to succeed.
Tesshin: Since Momo is in class 3-F, I shall be their monster.
Momoyo: How kind of you.
Chika: How is a regular class supposed to defeat someone from the Temple?
Yamato: They'll probably surrender once they think we've shown strong enough teamwork.
Chika: Oh, I get it. So like, we're being graded.
*--Elsewhere on the beach in the shadows.*
Monk: All right, I have been tasked with Kazuko-dono's class, 2-F.
Monk: I can't lose focus! I have to do my best.
Shakadou: Yo.
Monk: Huh?! Oh! Assistant Master Shakadou-- guh!
Shakadou: Former. Former assistant master... Right now, I'm outta work. Wait, you're hearin' none of this.
Shakadou: Sorry, but you're gonna have't take a quick nap.
Shakadou: Add that guy who's out cold, we've got ourselves two costumes. Perfect.
Shakadou: So get out there, disciples.
Shakadou: Today's your favorite -- live combat practice.
Bear: This bear costume's so lame.
Bear: Though Tatsu might like it.
Anteater: And I'm an anteater? ...Well, whatever.
Shakadou: Go out there, take it easy, and test how strong y'are against Kawakami's students!
Bear: Roger that! Wahah! This's gonna be awesome!
Bear: I just gotta show up at 2-S? On it!
Anteater: And I have 2-F?
*............*
Chika: Oh, the monster's here. It's the giant anteater, a local youkai.
Mayo: We just have to all work together to defeat it!
Takuya: But there's someone from the Kawakami Temple inside. This won't be easy.
Kazuko: Grrr...
Takuya: ...? Wanko?
Kazuko: Miyako, Kuri, you've noticed too, right?
Chris: Yes. I could not miss it if I tried. I am even sweating.
Miyako: Could a Kawakami Temple monk produce such a sinister aura?
Kazuko: Never! So what's this pressure I'm feeling...
Kazuko: Who's in there?!
Anteater: Hmmm.
Anteater: (You're pathetic... So are you...)
Anteater: (Oh, well, you're not bad...)
Anteater: (Ooh, here's the good stuff!)
*............*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Our beast has arrived! A bear, is it?!
Azumi: ...Hm? I can't imagine a monk giving off that aura.
Azumi: Fushikawa-san! On your feet! This isn't the time for that!
Kokoro: What? Whatever is the... Wah!
Kokoro: That headgear is letting off a most monstrous aura.
Hideo: ...Hmph. We suppose that it does seem most ominous.
Koyuki: Really? I don't feel anything at all.
Azumi: Really? I would've thought you'd be sensitive to this sort of thing.
Azumi: Well, we can't let our guards down Fushikawa-san?
Kokoro: I am aware. I shall assist in exterminating the beast.
Tesshin: Let the final round begin!
Hideo: Let those who crave glory be the first into the breach!
Azumi: Here goes Oshitari Azumi, the head of the Kuki Servant Corps!
Bear: Right, time to play some Devil Might Cry!
2-S Student: Heh. We still have you outnumbered!
2-S Student: That bear-costume guy won't last a second!
*The students from 2-S attacked the bear.*
*As for 2-F...*
Anteater: Hey, what's wrong? No need to come one at a time.
Mayo: Cast the net now! We'll capture Mr. Anteater.
Ikurou: Let's do it! The only rule's that there are no rules!
Chika: One, two, three! Yah!
Mitsuru: We did it! We captured... Huh? It's gone.
Anteater: I'm not here to play games.
Ikurou: H-How?! When did it move?!
Anteater: Hmm. I don't think I'd enjoy teasing you.
Anteater: Maybe you could be more fun.
Mayo: Wawawa! She's so intense, and right in front of me!
Anteater: So then, how will you squeal?!
Gakuto: Class Rep, look out! Snap out of that daze!
Mayo: Gakuto-san!
*Gakuto swooped in and saved her from danger.*
Anteater: Oh... You, boy?
Gakuto: You were lookin' to hurt her there, weren't you?!
Kazuko: Whoever they are, they're absolutely not from the Kawakami Temple.
Chris: Name yourself. Reveal your true form before the eyes of justice.
Anteater: Who am I? I'm an anteater.
Anteater: Why not hunt me, as per the game's rules?
Chris: Affirmative! I shall hunt you down as Mar-san would!
*Chris stepped forward, sending out a flurry of punches.*
Anteater: Please tell me you can do more than that.
Chris: ...Ts!
*The anteater blocked the strikes without breaking a sweat.*
Kazuko: Seyah!
*Wanko flew in with a flying kick.*
Anteater: You're all bark, and no bite.
Kazuko: Gwah!
*The anteater swatted Kazuko down like a fly.*
Miyako: Seigh!
*Giving Miyako the opening to strike the anteater in the stomach.*
Anteater: Mn, I barely even felt that!
Miyako: ...This isn't working.
Gakuto: Seriously, who is she? All three girls at once couldn't beat her?
Shouichi: She's a monster... I'm sorta feeling pumped!
Yamato: Class Rep, you and the others get back. I don't like the look of this.
Anteater: Wow, you guys are nothing much.
Chris: Tch. If only I were armed...
Anteater: I could say the same thing. Excuses are so ugly.
Chris: Mm... How infuriating.
Yamato: Anyways, all we have to do is kick her ass.
Yamato: Let's do it! If we move fast, we'll be number 1, no questions asked!
Chris: Indeed! Let us give this our all!
Kazuko: I'm going too! Deyaaahhh!
*Chris and Wanko savagely attacked the anteater.*
Anteater: Weheh! Nice, that's more like it!
*The pair's chaotic attacks beat down the anteater's defenses.*
Anteater: --But you still gotta do better than that!
Chris: Look out, Dog!
*Chris was focusing on supporting Wanko.*
*Which meant she couldn't use her full strength.*
Chris: Dog, what is wrong? You are moving too awkwardly!
Kazuko: ...There's nobody with this aura in the Kawakami Temple!
Kazuko: But from time to time, they're using Kawakami Temple techniques!
Chris: What? I thought those techniques were kept secret from outsiders?
Kazuko: I don't understand... But I've never seen them before.
Kazuko: And I know everyone who's this strong.
Chris: Are you judging from their external appearances? That is a costume they are wearing!
Kazuko: I know that! I'm basing it on their ki!
Anteater: Heh heh... That blond girl is gonna be fun.
Shouichi: Maybe it's about time for us men to join in. Not much point in just watching.
Yamato: Yeah. We gotta at least back the girls up.
Miyako: That's dangerous. Yamato, you and the others wait there.
Miyako: ...I'll go give her what she wants!
Yamato: Miyako? Wait -- we don't know enough to send you in alone!
Miyako: You don't know that for certain... Trump Card #1!
*She kicked up as much of the seawater as she could.*
Anteater: That won't even blind me.
Miyako: But it will obscure the trajectory. Shoot!
*The pebble rocketed towards her target's head with nearly the speed of a speeding bullet.*
Anteater: Gh -- You threw a rock?!
Miyako: Haah!
Anteater: Tch!
Kazuko: Oh, nice flying kick! It worked!
Anteater: ...To think you landed a blow on me... Hm?
Anteater: We're ordered to retreat? ...So that's it for today. I lose, you win.
*The anteater trotted away.*
*...2-S.*
Bear: Ahh hah hah hah! You guys are weak-ass pussies!
2-S Student: Wh-What's with her? She's a monster!
Kokoro: How...? In but an instant, you have brought most of Class S to the brink of destruction.
Bear: There's barely any of you left. This game was way too easy.
Touma: My oh my, what an amazing state of affairs we have here.
Koyuki: We're in super deep doo-doo!
Touma: Since it's so dangerous, let's hide in the back, shall we?
Koyuki: Yeppers!
Bear: ...Aha, this is hilarious! You bastards are blind to everything -- even my movements!
Hideo: Those are dangerous words... Azumi, do it! Show her your power!
Azumi: Yes, sir!
Azumi: (But that said, right now, my pride as a warrior matters less than Hideo-sama's safety.)
Azumi: Hut! (She kicked some sand.)
Bear: You think you can blind someone in a bear suit, you pipsqueak?!
Azumi: Nope. That was a smokescreen to hide myself in.
Bear: You're behind me?!
Azumi: Take this! (Hidden Weapon: High-Powered Stun Gun!)
Bear: Wah!
Kokoro: Now I can throw you!
Bear: Get your grubby hands off me!
Kokoro: Nwah?! YOU threw ME?!
Bear: That stung!
Azumi: It barely even affected y--ugh!
*The bear's vicious attack blew through Azumi's defense.*
Hideo: You cretin! How dare you strike Our servant?!
Bear: Ahaha! *You're* charging *me*?
Bear: You lost your mind or something, dumbass?!
Bear: Take this! You ain't mad dodgin' this attack.
Hideo: Nay, We shall! Using not reason, but rather the heat of Our emotion!
Bear: You lost me.
Hideo: Atone for the sin of assaulting Azumi!
*Hideo's style of self-defense utilized Chinese martial arts.*
Hideo: Ataaaahh!
*He had studied under his sister, Kuki Ageha.*
Bear: Wahah! What a reckless rush!
Hideo: Hwa-chaaah!
*He blasted the bear with a tremendous flying kick.*
Bear: Ugahhh?!
Bear: You landed a blow on me? Where the fuck did that drive even come from?!
Bear: Ha ha! Looks like this game is fun!
Bear: I ain't got my weapon, but I'll still go all-out! ...Ah!
Bear: Yeah, yeah, I'm going home. Tch. Bear -- out.
*The bear dashed off into the distance.*
Hideo: Gh. Must even this much effort bring pain to Our accursed right arm?
Hideo: However, We landed a blow. Vengeance was Ours, Azumi.
Azumi: Your movements were several cuts above your usual... I shouldn't be surprised.
Hideo: Are you hurt?
Azumi: No. I blocked the blow.
Azumi: But that was a fearsome foe.
Hideo: ...Whoever was she? And wherefore did she retreat?
Kokoro: Yeouch... My arm's tingling.
Kokoro: In all likelihood she was scolded wirelessly. Perhaps for going too far.
Touma: That would certainly suffice as an explanation... Now then.
2-S Student: Ugh...
Touma: It would seem everyone has made it through without requiring the use of a stretcher.
Koyuki: Eat a marshmallow. It'll make you all better.
*She shoved a marshmallow down each and every person's throat.*
*.........*
Shakadou: Okay, the practical's all over. So, how're Kawakami Academy's students?
Bear: Only two or three of them even worth talking about. The rest were weak!
Shakadou: Nah, you're too strong. It's shockin' how much you've grown.
Anteater: They're predominantly small fry... but I want a genuine fight with the blond girl.
Anteater: Also, there was one person I couldn't understand. She's an unknown.
Bear: So, you gonna let us have a real fight with the good ones?
Shakadou: ...That probably ain't happenin'. Even here, we just happened onto 'em.
Anteater: Well that's a let-down.
Shakadou: There's a path, somewhere, that'll lead to 'em. Then you'll have your fun.
*.........*
Lu: Time! First place goes to Class F! And the overall winner is 2-F!
Chika: We did it! The prizes are ours!
Mayo: The fish coupons will really help out my family's finances!
Takuya: Man, Miyako, you were amazing! You actually drove her away!
Miyako: Well, when push comes to shove, that's when I shine.
Chris: Did not our foe flinch before Miyako kicked her?
Chris: You used some tool, I am sure of it.
Kazuko: I saw it, too. She hasn't used that weapon in forever.
Miyako: You saw. Okay, look here.
Yamato: You hid it in your boobs?!
Kazuko: Wow, slingshot ammo!
Shouichi: Damn. Well, you were always pretty good with these.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I've been practicing when no one was looking, like up on the roof.
Takuya: You were? I thought you were just looking at the scenery.
Miyako: These slingshot balls were special-ordered. With these, I don't miss.
Miyako: Even when thrown, their force on impact is greater than regular stones.
Miyako: I can launch them almost as fast as a handgun... There's no way anyone dodges them.
Kazuko: Wow, I never even knew you could do that. Nice.
Yamato: I didn't even have a clue.
Miyako: It's my secret weapon. Don't each of you have one?
Kazuko: Huh? Umm... do I?
Chris: Is it truly wise to show us your secret?
Miyako: The enemy had to be defeated quickly for us to get first place.
Miyako: And Yamato wanted to come in first, so...
Yamato: Wha...?
Chris: That is your reason? You must truly love him.
Yamato: Miyako, you...
Miyako: Don't worry about it. That isn't the only ace I have up my sleeve.
Takuya: Huh? Really? Miyako, you're amazing.
Kazuko: Well, Miyako's always been pretty amazing.
Kazuko: But, hmm... a secret weapon? I need to come up with something, too.
Chris: Dog, your quick wit and agility are your armaments.
Chris: Your best path to strength is to work on those, not incorporate tricks.
Kazuko: Y-Yeah... I guess you're right.
Kazuko: (But either way, that costumed foe was so...)
Yamato: Thank you, Miyako.
Miyako: Being useful to the man she loves is what gives a woman joy.
Yamato: ...You'd go that far?
Miyako: Did you fall for me?
Yamato: I... didn't.
Miyako: (Heh heh... But you will, and soon.)
Miyako: (I'd better go clean myself up to prepare!)
Yamato: Whoa, I can practically read her mind...
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: I cannot believe Shakadou interfered. The man hasn't changed one bit.
Monk: My humblest apologies. He caught me off-guard.
Lu: Shakadou has long been wandering around Kawakami, but...
Lu: I am curious about the people inside the costumes.
Kazuko: I'm absolutely certain those were Kawakami Temple techniques. And whoever they were, they're strong.
Kazuko: But it wasn't Shakadou-san in there.
Kazuko: If someone that amazing were inside, I would've known.
Momoyo: So Shakadou-san, the former assistant master who Gramps banished, took on new disciples and taught them Kawakami Temple techniques. Slimy bastard.
Tesshin: True. The Temple's techniques are not to be shown.
Lu: Which has let us maintain the purity of our strength...
Momoyo: Now that Shakadou-san's taken on disciples, no way can we leave him be.
Momoyo: Gramps, if you're going to punish Shakadou-san, I'm going with.
Lu: Momoyo, isn't Shakadou the assistant master who helped train you the most?
Momoyo: All the more reason to defeat him myself. He's the perfect foe.
Lu: Momoyo...
Monk: But what would cause Shakadou-san to do this? He must have known this would provoke a response.
Lu: That is certainly true. It's almost as if he expressly wanted us to know.
Tesshin: Hmm. Leave this case to the top. An investigation seems in order.
Momoyo: Tch. And now my fight slips away. Aww, I'm so bored.
Lu: Momoyo! Can't you get a hold of yourself?! Enough talk of fighting!
Momoyo: ...Yeah, yeah.
Tesshin: But that said, Shiina Miyako did well to drive off the woman in the suit. I would expect no less, given her family's archery heritage.
Momoyo: That's 'cause Miyako's got talent. And she's not letting it rust.
Kazuko: I'll have to work hard too!
Momoyo: Yeah, you sure will...
*With that, the sun set on the Kawakami Temple.*
*It was back when we first started middle school.*
*Miyako had met Yamato and his friends, and even fell in love with Yamato himself.*
*The bulling had stopped and every day was filled with happiness, but...*
Miyako: Divorce?!
Miyako's Mom: Seems like he finally can't keep up with me.
Miyako's Mom: Well, it seemed like it was about time.
Miyako's Mom: I hate coming back to this house anyways.
Miyako's Dad: ...We're moving. To Yamanashi.
Miyako: What???!!!
Miyako: To be honest, I don't care about the divorce... But we're moving?!
Miyako's Mom: You brat... You've sure got yourself a mouth.
Miyako: Why are we going to Yamanashi?
Miyako's Dad: Thanks to this woman, the honor of the Shiina name is in tatters.
Miyako's Mom: It's almost like everyone thinks there's a prostitute in our family.
Miyako: That's all your fault.
Miyako's Dad: ...I can't stand to live here anymore.
Miyako's Mom: If anything, I'm impressed you lasted this long.
Miyako's Mom: By the way, I'm going to live at Kagurazaka's place.
Miyako's Mom: Miyako, don't even think about following me.
Miyako's Mom: You've started to fill in. I guarantee you'll wind up looking beautiful, just like me.
Miyako's Mom: I can't risk you stealing my man.
Miyako: Why would I follow you? I've never felt more relieved.
Miyako: I put up with you for Father's sake...
Miyako: Do you even know how much misery I've been through because of you?
Miyako's Mom: Heh. You're insufferable... You really are just like me.
Miyako's Dad: Miyako, with you entering middle school, this is a good time.
Miyako's Dad: We can rebuild in Yamanashi.
Miyako: ...I already am rebuilding.
Miyako: I've made friends.
Miyako: So I don't want to move.
Miyako's Mom: Oh, you mean that friendly group of boys and girls?
Miyako's Mom: Here's some free advice. Boys and girls can never JUST be friends.
Miyako's Mom: Especially with a woman like you around.
Miyako's Mom: You're my daughter, so I know you will tear those children apart. You'll seduce the men, screwing up the balance of power--
Miyako: That won't happen!
Miyako: The Kazama Family will never be torn apart!
Miyako's Mom: Hmph, I wouldn't be so sure.
Miyako: Enough. Can't you just leave?
Miyako's Mom: I would love to.
Miyako: ......
Miyako's Mom: How dare you look at your mother like that?
Miyako's Mom: Oh, I'm so unlucky. I should've never had you.
Miyako: I'm just as unlucky. I'm stuck with you as my mother.
*That was the last time I spoke with my mother.*
Miyako's Dad: I knew you'd made friends, Miyako...
Miyako's Dad: But living here weighs too heavily on my heart. I'm sorry...
Miyako's Dad: But I've made up my mind.
Miyako: ...Oh.
Miyako: But I can't even imagine having any friends besides Capt and the rest.
Miyako: So even if we move, I'll still come back here to see them!
*...And from then on, every Friday night, Miyako headed to Kawakami.*
*That was the start of our Friday Meetings.*
Miyako: That was chapter 3 of our journey.
Yamato: You know I know all that...
Miyako: I thought maybe I'd go over all of my memories before we start going out.
Yamato: Is us going out set in stone?
Miyako: By the way, my mother passed away due to illness.
Yamato: I knew that, too. Six months ago, right?
Miyako: I was entirely happy to hear it...
Miyako: But my father was despondent. He even cried.
Miyako: What a comedy. No matter how often she cheated on him, he still loved her.
Miyako: I'm like my father. I only have room in my heart for one.
Yamato: That's too much information.
Yamato: Heck, you're here pretty late today.
Miyako: But I want to be always ready to pounce.
Yamato: Dammit, you're... You're not even hiding it.
Miyako: I wish it weren't true, but I have her body.
Miyako: I'm devoted, but my body craves you, yes.
Miyako: (If only I had one more thing to finish the deal...)
Yamato: (Dammit. One more push, and I wouldn't be able to resist...)
Yamato: O-On another note...
Yamato: Have you heard of Gotemba Outlets?
Miyako: Gotemba? ...You mean, where there's outlets and everything?
Yamato: Listen to me when I'm talking! Don't just stop paying attention after the first word!
Miyako: There's no point trying to change the topic.
Yamato: Tch...
*Takuya and Gakuto were in the Secret Base, just hanging out.*
Gakuto: Looks like it's just you and me here today.
Takuya: Guess so. (He was playing a game on his phone.)
Gakuto: Lately, hasn't it been kinda... tricky, to get everyone together?
Takuya: ...Hmm? Well, yeah. People are busy sometimes.
Takuya: But everyone comes on Fridays. That's why we have the meetings.
Gakuto: Well sure, I guess, but...
Gakuto: Did you know? Most people stop havin' secret bases around the end of elementary school.
Takuya: Well, I think we're special.
Gakuto: That's the thing. I've been thinking...
Gakuto: Aren't we a little, you know...
Gakuto: ...too old for this sorta stuff?
Takuya: !!!
Gakuto: Maybe that's why people stay away from us.
Takuya: You've got it all wrong, Gakuto.
Takuya: Sure, calling our hangout a 'secret base' is kind of childish.
Takuya: But we're no different than those delinquents who gather in front of convenience stores at night.
Takuya: Everyone needs a place where they belong.
Gakuto: ...Oh, I get it!
Gakuto: That analogy made perfect sense. Nice one, Moro.
Gakuto: ...But dude, what if we find some other place where we belong?
Takuya: ...I can't imagine feeling more comfortable anywhere than I do here.
Gakuto: That's just how you feel, right?
Takuya: You're really stuck on this today, huh.
Takuya: Are you saying you've found some place you like more?
Gakuto: No way. This place is the greatest.
Takuya: Then why are you hung up on it?
Gakuto: Like, what happens if one of us gets a girlfriend, and then he'll have less time for us.
Takuya: Ah, that does sometimes happen. I don't think that has anything to do with us.
Gakuto: This guy who goes to my gym was grumblin' about it today.
Gakuto: Let's say I got a girlfriend. I figure I'd struggle to find time for you all.
Gakuto: So I'm worried that stuff like that will someday pull us apart... and make life so complicated.
Takuya: Hmm... For once in your life, you're really thinking deeply about something.
Takuya: But I don't think you need to worry.
Gakuto: I'm not worried, man.
Takuya: Heck, everyone's probably just studying for the semester exams we have this month.
Gakuto: Oof! Not another word about those, Moro.
Takuya: Well, even if someone were to get super busy and not be able to come anymore, I'm sure that--
Kazuko: Good evening!
Momoyo: Oh, looks like the dork duet is here today.
Shouichi: Gah! What a long day at work.
Takuya: Anyway, I'm sure you're just worrying too much.
Gakuto: ...If you say so.
Momoyo: Oh, what's wrong? You guys having a talk? Let me in on the conversation.
Takuya: We were just talking about what would happen if Gakuto got a girlfriend.
Kazuko & Shouichi: Never happening.
Gakuto: Don't say it in harmony!
Takuya: (Yeah, there's no need to worry.)
*--After school.*
Miyako: I'm going to archery club today.
Miyako: I'll finish things up there quickly, then prepare for the meeting.
Chris: Working hard towards club activities is a noble endeavor.
Miyako: No, I just don't want my skills to dull from going too long without touching a bow.
Chris: ...Stop being so cold.
Chris: She should stop isolating herself during club activities and get along with everyone instead.
Yamato: I'm glad you didn't say that to Miyako herself.
Chris: I hesitated... I have already enraged her once.
Chris: But I do think she ought to form friendships with others besides us.
Yamato: You're not the first to say that, but... It's hard for her.
Chris: Miyako has her own way of doing things. I understand that.
Chris: And yet, as her friend, I feel I am in a position to offer her advice.
Chris: I am wavering between those two paths.
Yamato: You can leave that stuff to me.
Chris: ...All right.
Chris: However, I will not push all of this onto you! Nor will I be pushy.
*Her words were reassuring, yet somehow felt ominous.*
*--At the archery range.*
Kosugi: I think she drew her bow like this!
Sophomore Club Member: Yes, yes, your pose looks just like Shiina-san's.
Yumiko: Shiina-san holds her bow tilted slightly to the side when she draws, yes.
Sophomore Club Member: There are times she goes head-on too, but they don't happen often. I think she finds uses for both approaches... though I'm just guessing.
Kosugi: Her style is different, but maybe that's why her accuracy is so premium.
Sophomore Club Member: Want to give it a shot?
Kosugi: It'll probably be impossible at first, but it might be worth the try.
Miyako: ...Are you copying me?
Kosugi: Wah! I didn't see you there.
Yumiko: Oh, Shiina-san. We were all just studying your style!
Kosugi: Yes, yes. We were hoping you'd let us steal it.
Miyako: Ahh...
Kosugi: ...Why such a premium sigh?
Miyako: You're ten years too early to steal my style, even as a joke.
Miyako: Besides, mine is unique. It wouldn't help your own technique.
Miyako: You're better off carefully following Ms. Kojima's instructions.
Miyako: She'll teach you the most beautiful stance.
Kosugi: ...But Shiina-senpai! Wasn't letting everyone else watch you shoot a condition for you joining the club?
Kosugi: You won't teach us, you won't let us steal your techniques, and you won't even mind your behavior. Why are you here?
Miyako: ...You've got a point. But I have no intention of behaving myself.
Kosugi: Hey, what gives you the right to--hey! Are you even listening?
Miyako: ......
Kosugi: Argh. Now she won't listen to a thing we say.
Yumiko: Her focus, if nothing else, is incredible.
*The arrow magnificently struck the center of the target.*
Kosugi: As perfect as ever. And her release is so quick, so light and easy.
Yumiko: Would you like to practice with us?
Miyako: I told you, I'm fine. I'll work how I like.
Yumiko: --!
Kosugi: You really are so selfish!
Umeko: ...What's wrong? What's the big fuss?!
Sophomore Club Member: Sorry. We'll start practice. C'mon, Musashi-san.
Kosugi: ...Yes, ma'am.
Umeko: ...Yaba, could I borrow you for a second?
Umeko: I see. So Shiina's selfishness continues to widen the fissure in the club.
Yumiko: I think it's finally time to have a talk with her.
Yumiko: I'm going to make it clear to her that, if things don't change, she won't be a member anymore come summer break.
Umeko: ...I see. Then Shiina will quit the club.
Yumiko: Yes. I almost wish she had remained a ghost member.
Yumiko: I won't deny she's a cut above, but that doesn't give her license to do whatever she wants.
Yumiko: Her ego could bring this team to ruin!
Yumiko: I'd feel bad for her if it impacted her exam grades, so I'll wait until after then.
Umeko: ...I suppose so. All right. You always are one to consider how others feel.
Umeko: (But this is a deep-rooted problem... I was hoping she would grow more cooperative, but... This is tricky.)
*--The gambling den.*
*I was playing a game of cards for money.*
Yamato: Here, please cut the deck.
Class D Student: Hmm? Oh, no need to cut it. Just deal them out.
Yamato: Well, if that's what you want...
Class D Student: But Naoe, you're a really good shuffler.
Yamato: (Not cutting the deck? Even novices should know how to do that... You newbies are too slow. Time to make a killing.)
Pheromone: Heh heh...
*The gaudy woman from before was looking my way.*
Gakuto: I'm comin' in!
Gakuto: Oh! It's been a long time since I was last here, but this place is really brimming.
Class D Student: Argh! Dammit, I lost again!
Yamato: Sorry. Guess today's my lucky day.
Gakuto: Hey Yamato. You called for me, and here I am.
Yamato: Oh. Then that's my last hand.
Class D Student: Hey, Naoe! You can't just leave on a winning streak!
Yamato: (The senior who's taking my place has a tell -- he crosses his legs when he gets a good hand.)
Class D Student: (Seriously?)
Yamato: (Do your best to get back your money from him.)
*That should keep him from holding a grudge.*
Gakuto: Why'd you call me here?
Yamato: This person here needs to talk to you.
Gakuto: Huh? Seriously?
Pheromone: Heh heh. Thanks for introducing us.
Gakuto: (Ngh, she's gaudy! But she's still in my strike zone!)
Pheromone: I'm not actually the one who wants to talk to you. Let's talk this over at Gosto's by the station.
Yamato: I'll go along with you.
Yamato: I'll make sure you don't get caught up in some new cult, or a pyramid scheme.
Gakuto: You might have to worry about that with the others, but not me.
Yamato: And now I'm absolutely certain I'm needed.
*I forced Gakuto to let me follow him.*
*--At Gosto's.*
Pheromone: Ami-san, I brought him here.
Ami: Oh, I see. Well done.
Ami: Yes, yes, this is the boy. Bingo, bingo.
Gakuto: Huh?! She has business with me?
Pheromone: Heh heh, pretty much. Well, good luck.
Ami: Do you remember, boy? I've met you once before.
Gakuto: Yep! We met on Oyafukou Street!
Yamato: ... (Oyafukou Street? That's weird.)
Gakuto: Man, I never thought I'd see you again. This must be destiny!
Ami: Why are you here? I'm not interested in you.
Yamato: I'm Gakuto's chaperone. What business do you have with him?
Ami: Oh, you were too worried to let him come alone?
Ami: Well, it's simple. My old slave recently became unusable.
Ami: So I was in the market for some new livestock.
Ami: I wanted a young one this time.
Ami: A guy muscular and tough enough that he wouldn't break.
Ami: Then, boy, I remembered you.
Gakuto: Me?
Ami: Yes. At the time, I said you needed to wait two or three years...
Ami: But I changed my mind. I want you now, boy.
Gakuto: Hahaha. Yamato, when will life shine on you?
Yamato: Huh?
Gakuto: Because right now, it's shinin' on me!
Gakuto: It's been a long, arduous battle...
*Let's rewind a year, to a tale of Moro and Gakuto attempting to hit on girls.*
Gakuto: I hear the word destiny makes girls go head-over-heels.
Takuya: Well, I do like the word, but...
Gakuto: I'm goin' to use that as my pickup line.
Gakuto: And I've also prepared 20 brand-name umbrellas.
Takuya: You spent your whole paycheck on that?
Gakuto: Yeah. And it's just about to rain.
Takuya: So you're planning on giving umbrellas to girls who aren't carrying one?
Gakuto: Right. I'll play it up like it's a complete coincidence.
Gakuto: I was originally goin' for vinyl umbrellas, but Yamato suggested I not.
Takuya: Why?
Gakuto: If it's a cheap umbrella, you don't have to return it, right?
Gakuto: But a brand-name umbrella...? Well then.
Takuya: I get it. You get to meet them once more when they come to give it back.
Gakuto: Okay, time to sow the seeds of destiny! I'll win for sure!
*And the results...*
Gakuto: Only one girl gave me her number...?
Takuya: Y-You should still be proud of that.
Gakuto: But it's been a full week, and she hasn't called me once!
Takuya: Then you'll have to call her yourself.
Gakuto: Alright... I'll do it! LET'S TELEPHONE!
Voice: *click* Yes, this is the Pizzeria Passione.
Gakuto: This is Shimazu. Is Haruko-san available?
Voice: Screw you, buddy! We ain't got that kinda pizza! *Click!*
Gakuto: ...A fake number. I wiped out.
*--Back to the present.*
Gakuto: And that's how it went! Those bitter days have finally borne fruit!
Yamato: Uh, I'm glad you're on cloud nine, but...
Yamato: This lady here is clearly a hard S. Things are going to be dicey with her.
Ami: Yeah. I'm a hardcore sadist.
Ami: People who can work with that get to become my livestock.
Gakuto: Heh hem. There's no one more suitable than me, the greatest masochist of all.
Yamato: That's the first I've heard of it!
Gakuto: See? Even his insults turn me on.
Yamato: Seriously? ...Don't come crying to me later.
Gakuto: You'll see. My love will change even a hard S woman.
Yamato: Impossible. Habits don't change that easily.
Gakuto: But look at her. She's got the sort of figure that makes you gulp.
Yamato: (I'm pretty sure Nee-san has a bigger chest...)
Yamato: Well, I understand. But try to be careful.
Gakuto: Yeah. See ya!
Ami: The nuisance is finally gone? Then let's start by--
Gakuto: Goin' to a hotel?!
Ami: Are you stupid? Let me just say this. You'll never make love to me.
Gakuto: Huh?
Ami: What sort of master lies with her chattel? Now come.
Gakuto: (I will change her with my overflowin' love!)
*--Kinryuu Street Shopping District, Kawakami Bookstore.*
Touma: This bookstore does have a rather tasteful selection.
Bookstore Owner: Damn straight, ya idiot.
Touma: Might you have any moving novels?
Bookstore Owner: Yeah. My selection'll make you cry!
Touma: Well, I fear I dislike manly stories filled with sweat.
Bookstore Owner: Look, just read it, ya idiot!
Touma: Then I suppose I will do just that.
Takuya: Good day.
Takuya: Has the superhero film script I ordered come in yet?
Bookstore Owner: Yeah! You got one refined palette!
Takuya: Sweet. I've been waiting forever to read this!
Bookstore Owner: I found the owner of that cat you guys rescued.
Takuya: That's great to hear.
Bookstore Owner: Well, he ain't rich, so don't get worked up over a reward.
Takuya: Sure, that's not why we did it.
Touma: You rescued a cat?
Takuya: Huh? Err... Well, yeah.
Bookstore Owner: These guys are always headin' around everywhere to do stuff.
Bookstore Owner: How are you guys? Y'all stickin' together?
Takuya: Yes, thank you very much.
Bookstore Owner: Hahaha. I wanna see how long ya last, ya idiots.
Takuya: Ahaha. I think momentum will keep us going till we're adults.
Touma: ...Hm.
Touma: One must treasure his friends, to be sure.
Koyuki: Touma, you're still not done? How about now?
Jun: Okay, okay, let's be good boys and girls and wait for him.
Touma: I, too, have such companions.
Bookstore Owner: Oh, you're a trio of friends?
Bookstore Owner: Man, it's nice to see all ya idiots findin' a place to belong!
*The store owner's laugh echoed across the summer sky.*
*Today was Tanabata. There was a festival going on at the shrine.*
Kazuko: So why aren't we there yet, Capt?!
Shouichi: Festivals are fun and all, but something just blew into my mind.
Takuya: Does that have anything to do with why you had us all come here?
Shouichi: It totally does. Guys, think back to Tanabata during elementary school!
Yamato: Oh, you mean when Wanko cried because she got lost?
Kazuko: I don't remember that!
Yamato: Or when Wanko cried because she didn't win anything in the lottery?
Kazuko: Wah!
Chris: Dog, did you do nothing but cry?
Kazuko: Shut up... I don't cry anymore.
Shouichi: Back then, we buried a time capsule for our future selves.
Yamato: A time capsule...? Oh, the wishes.
Kazuko: ...That might've happened, now that you mention it.
Miyako: Yep. It did.
Gakuto: Hmm? We did that?
Takuya: Remember? We buried it on the Tama riverbank.
Gakuto: Oh! Right, the thing we put all our wishes in!
Yamato: So, why'd you bring that up?
Shouichi: I just so happened to have a dream of back when we buried it.
Shouichi: Now I can't get it out of my head. Wanna all go see?
Momoyo: Hmm? You want to go dig it up now?
Yamato: We're going to miss the festival.
Shouichi: We buried it during Tanabata, so we gotta dig it up during Tanabata too.
Momoyo: Doesn't it feel too soon to dig it up?
Shouichi: Nah, it's been plenty long. Besides, I had a dream about it.
Shouichi: It's like a revelation, or whatever, so we gotta make it happen.
Momoyo: I don't remember what's in there. This may be interesting.
Yukie: So this time capsule is...
Yamato: Sorry. I guess the conversation's hard for you two to follow.
Yamato: So you know how for Tanabata we write down our wishes and hang them from bamboo, right?
Yamato: Well, one year we decided to make wishes for our future selves. We wrapped them in bamboo leaves and then burried them.
Chris: I see. That would be something to remember.
Yukie: That sounds wonderful.
Momoyo: Wishes for the future... Hmm, what would past me have written?
Miyako: As I recall, I wrote down a detailed description of the life I dreamed for myself.
Kazuko: Wow. Miyako, your memory's amazing.
Shouichi: Welp, let's grab some shovels and hurry out there!
Chris: Heh heh. I am interested to learn what everyone wrote.
Kazuko: I don't want to miss the festival, but let's start with this!
*--At the riverbed.*
Kazuko: Oh, here it is! Found it!
*Wanko had dug up the box.*
Takuya: I can't believe Miyako remembered the spot exactly.
Shouichi: You got it in one. That's awesome! Wish I had your memory.
Gakuto: Okay, let's open it up. I can't wait to see.
*Everyone bustled around, trying to peek inside.*
Shouichi: Whoa, there're Carddass cards in there. Man, remember when those were cool?
Takuya: And soft vinyl. I'm glad we didn't throw these out.
Chris: And is that there not a baseball? Is it signed?
Kazuko: Oh, that's the autographed ball I got from Komada-san!
Momoyo: Didn't you let it rest here because you thought it would rise in value?
Yukie: There's also a Famicoz cassette cartridge.
Chris: Toy jewels? Some things can be found in any country.
Yamato: Huh? What's this scrap of paper?
Kazuko: Oh, that! Aha! Yamato, you probably shouldn't look at it!
Yamato: Hm? ...What's this? 'Quotes from Naoe Yamato'.
Yamato: 'Here I've written down all the painfully embarrassing things he said so we can laugh at them.'
Yamato: WHAT IS THIS?!
Chris: Hmm? Strange. Give it here.
Yamato: Stop! That's back when I was a fan of the novelist Dazai Osamu!
Chris: Huh? -- 'The word love is nothing but an illusion.'
Kazuko: Ahahahahaha!
Yamato: I did some stupid things as a kid, all right?!
Chris: 'Within me dwells a savage beast.'
Yamato: STOP!
Miyako: Hehehe. I remember that one.
Chris: 'Man is ultimately nothing but a beast struggling within its cage.'
Yamato: Agah! I ripped that from an obscure poem.
Chris: 'To die and become a pile of flesh -- such is the futility of life.'
Gakuto: Hahahaha! Yeah, that stuff's pretty hilarious!
Takuya: Heheh. When Gakuto's laughing this much, that's when you know they're bad, heheh.
Matsukaze: Yo, that's pretty cringy... Maybe we should just be casual acquaintances.
Yukie: So even you had a time like this, Yamato-san.
Yamato: I'll just curl up and die now...
Kazuko: Ahahahaha. He collapsed from embarrassment!
Yamato: Who was it? Who would do something like this?!
Momoyo: Me. Got a problem with it?
Yamato: Gh... You, of all people... Yeah, I do!
Momoyo: Then fight me! C'mon!
Yamato: Is my only choice... To cry myself to sleep? Ooh...
Miyako: You can cry in my arms instead.
Yamato: Thank ye. Thank ye kindly.
Momoyo: Oh, he actually dove into Miyako's bosom.
Kazuko: That's how shocking it must've been. Ahahahaha.
*My childhood friends were utterly merciless.*
*But Miyako's bosom more than made up for it.*
Yamato: So, where's the all-important time capsule?
Shouichi: I already found it. Once we open that up, we'll see everyone's dreams for the future.
Shouichi: So Gakuto, mind if I read yours aloud?
Gakuto: Go for it. I surely wrote somethin' about being handsome or whatever.
Shouichi: 'When I grow up, I'll wake up with a hot babe in my bed.'
Matsukaze: What sorta kid dreams that?
Shouichi: 'My morning will start by looking down at the buildings of Shinjuku while mature maids wipe my body dry.'
*The girls cast cold gazes at Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Huh? Was I really like that?
Yamato: Says the man who hasn't changed one bit.
Shouichi: 'Then I will drive to work in my beautiful Orochi. When I arrive there, the receptionist will confess her love to me.'
Kazuko: Do you expect the world to bend over backwards for you?
Shouichi: 'I'll take the elevator to the president's office.'
Momoyo: Oh, he's the company president too.
Shouichi: 'As the elevator climbs to the 200th floor, I'll fool around with the elevator girl.'
Takuya: 200 floors? Even the Tower of Babel wasn't that tall!
Momoyo: If you followed that up with some cheap development, like a secretary in your office, you're going to get a pounding.
Shouichi: 'Inside my office, my secretary awaits. She'll know many intimate ways on how to greet me.'
Gakuto: Gwah!
Shouichi: 'I'll make my living buying and selling stocks, and I'll become so rich, I'll own the entire country of Argentina.'
Miyako: Couldn't you have gone with something a little more realistic?
Gakuto: A man should dream!
Momoyo: He can dream all he wants -- of something based in reality!
Shouichi: Then next up's Wanko.
Kazuko: Huh? Me? Wow, I wonder what I wrote.
Shouichi: 'I'll hit my growth spurt, get tall, and have huge breasts.'
Gakuto: You poor thing. You struck out already.
Kazuko: That was rude! I could still grow! You don't know!
Shouichi: 'I'll look as pretty as my sister, but my bust would impede my training... That'd be a problem.'
Yamato: Isn't it great, not having to worry about that?
Kazuko: Aieee! Shut up!
Shouichi: 'My strength will blossom too, and I'll be recognized for my skills as a fighter. But the mass media will be so annoying.'
Chris: What, did you write a joke instead of your dreams?
Kazuko: Oh, shut up! I was completely serious!
Shouichi: Wow. Next is Momo-senpai.
Shouichi: 'All of mankind will be under my thumb. In front of Kawakami Station, I will begin work on the Great Momoyo Cross Mausoleum.'
Yamato: Ahaha. Are you making everyone your slaves? That's awful.
Shouichi: 'I'll make my little brother (Yamato) handle all the annoying work.'
Yamato: And I'm the worst-off slave of all.
Momoyo: Why not? You're not new to this. (She stared at me blankly.)
Yamato: Don't act like that's normal!
Shouichi: My dreams? -- 'To venture into outer space. To find the first extraterrestrial life forms.'
Chris: That seems like a proper dream for a young man. I would expect no less from you.
Shouichi: 'My adventures will take me to the edge of the galaxy.'
Chris: Huh? This is starting to sound...
Shouichi: 'I'll command an exploratory ship, the Slonel, and take it beyond our known universe.'
Chris: This is going overboard!
Shouichi: 'Then, in another universe, I'll find another planet Earth.'
Matsukaze: Now there are parallel worlds?!
Shouichi: 'But on that Earth, descendants of bears are the dominant species. I'll attempt to initiate first contact.'
Takuya: That was one heck of a plot twist.
Ruler: Hmm, the humans from another Earth are bear-ly even intelligent.
Ruler: The bears of our Earth would find their presence to be un-bear-able.
Ruler: In any case, we must first stop those dman polar bears in the south. Let's start research on some grizzly weapons of mass destruction.
Shouichi: 'But the polar bears will have researched weapons of their own. The fallout from their conflict will bringing an end to bear civilization.'
Chris: That development was... surreal.
Yamato: That sounds suspiciously like a manga you were reading back then.
Miyako: Must've been A Tale of the Future.
Shouichi: 'After reaching the ends of the Universe and visiting countless planets, I will finally return home to this Earth.'
Matsukaze: Now you're just showin' off.
Shouichi: Man, going to the end of the world really is a man's dream.
Yamato: I can't say I don't understand.
Shouichi: Next are Yamato and Moro.
Shouichi: 'We'll start middle school... graduate to high school, then college, then find a job...'
Shouichi: Bor-ing! What sorta life plan is that?!
Takuya: I'd prefer you call it 'realistic'!
Yamato: Indeed. We're not the ones insane enough to say we're building a Cross Mauso--GAH!
Shouichi: Last up's Miyako.
Takuya: Saving the most intense for last?
Gakuto: We don't even have to read it to know what it says.
Yukie: Yes. Even I would hazard a guess.
Chris: Yeah, I am sure it is a love-filled diary of her life with Yamato.
Kazuko: Maybe I should cover my ears?
Momoyo: It is going to be steamy.
Yamato: Dammit all... Give me a break.
Miyako: ......
Shouichi: Umm... We got another simple one on our hands.
Shouichi: 'I'll be together with everyone, forever.'
Shouichi: ...That's it.
Yamato: Huh...?
Miyako: Yep. That's my wish. It's all I need.
Takuya: That was very simple.
Gakuto: No red-hot stories of her and Yamato?
Miyako: Those are super important too, of course.
Miyako: But I'll work hard to accomplish that on my own. It's not something I  have to wish for.
Miyako: ...That's how I thought about it.
Miyako: I saved my wish for something far more difficult.
Yamato: Am I really that easy? Frankly, that's scarry... Miyako, that part about you is...
Yamato: ...so cute.
Kazuko: Hey, isn't us being together forever the easy one?
Kazuko: We're all still here, aren't we?
Chris: With new members as well.
Miyako: ...Yes, we are.
Miyako: Getting Yamato to fall for me has been far more difficult.
Miyako: Maybe I did wish for the wrong thing.
*Everyone burst into laughter.*
Takuya: It's so easy for all of us to stay together too.
Yamato: You wrote that not long after we all became friends, right?
Kazuko: That's why you made that your wish.
Momoyo: What a charming wish.
Yukie: And what a wonderful one to be granted.
Kazuko: So what do we do with the box?
Shouichi: Let's bury it again. This time, we'll put it even deeper down.
Gakuto: Ugh... I feel like I'm just buryin' my embarrassment.
Shouichi: A bunch of years from now, you're gonna look back on that time and think 'Man, I was young'.
Kazuko: But if someone else digs it up, you'll have to commit seppuku.
Chris: Allow me to act as your second. I will wait until you have spoken your farewell poem.
Shouichi: C'mon. Even if someone else does find our stash, there's nothing to worry about.
Shouichi: Because I'm your leader! Your Capt!
Kazuko: So what?!
Shouichi: If anything happens, I'll go out there and take full responsibility!
*How uselessly reassuring.*
*...But, Miyako's wish still occupied my thoughts.*
*.........*
*As always, Miyako was brooding atop the abandoned building's roof.*
Yamato: Hey, Miyako. Everyone else went to the festival.
Miyako: Yeah... I'll go once I'm done spacing out here.
Yamato: What's wrong? Something happen?
Miyako: I might have wished for the wrong thing.
Yamato: Oh... That.
Yamato: But personally, that moved me.
Miyako: Hmm?
Yamato: It made me realize just how much you treasure this place.
Yamato: I expected you to fill every inch of that card with stuff about me.
Yamato: Maybe this is the 'gap moe' thing I've heard about.
Miyako: ...Wow!
Miyako: There's really no knowing what will pay dividends.
Miyako: So you fell for me?
Yamato: ...Who knows?
Yamato: But maybe the reason we're all still together is because you made that wish.
Miyako: It's not like you to be that sentimental.
Yamato: I mean, everyone else thinks it's easy, since here we are...
Yamato: But I think it'd normally be hard for all of us to stick together all of these years.
Miyako: Mm-hm... You said that earlier,too.
Yamato: For instance, if even one of us moved far away, that would be the end of it.
Miyako: Yeah, we'd no longer be able to say that we're all together.
Yamato: And since that never happened, maybe your wish played a part in keeping us together.
Miyako: I just selfishly wanted to stay together with everyone.
Yamato: Aren't wishes supposed to be a little selfish?
Yamato: I liked that wish of yours.
Miyako: ...Yamato...
Miyako: ...But you know, my other wish just won't come true.
Miyako: ...But I'll make it come true. Someday.
*Miyako then stared straight at me.*
Miyako: ...I'm aiming for that Tanabata bonus chance...
Miyako: Yamato, I love you. Go out with me!
*She spoke from the bottom of her heart.*
*This was a good opportunity, and she deserved an honest answer.*
*I...*
Accept her love
Reject her love
Yamato: Me too.
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: I love you.
Miyako: ......
Yamato: I love you, Miyako.
Yamato: What happened today was the spark.
Miyako: ... (She squeezed her chest.)
Miyako: I can feel it... This isn't a dream.
Yamato: Why not just pinch yourself?!
Miyako: Yamato... This better not be a joke.
Yamato: Like I'd joke around over this.
Yamato: I decided to stop thinking too deeply and just try going out with you.
Miyako: Mm-hm... That's fine.
Miyako: After years of wishing... It finally happened!
*She skipped back over to the guardrail.*
Miyako: I'M SO HAPPY!!!!!
Miyako: I wanted to shout it out as loud as I could.
Yamato: That's not like you. You're that happy?
Miyako: Of course I am!
Yamato: Miyako.
*She jumped into my arms.*
Miyako: Yamato!
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato.
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: Ahh... How long have I waited for this day?!
Miyako: Yamato! Mmmmmmmmmm!
Yamato: !!!
*She kissed me passionately.*
Miyako: Mm...
Yamato: Mm...
*Our lips parted.*
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: Yamato...
Miyako: Now I'm yours, Yamato...
Miyako: And you're mine...
Miyako: Make love to me! (She threw herself onto me.)
Miyako: *kiss* Hah, mmmm... Ah, hah, mn!
Yamato: Mm, mm...
*Our passionate kisses continued.*
Miyako: Huff, huff. Yamato, mm, mm... Mn... *lick*
Yamato: Mm?!
*My tongue, wet with saliva, plunged deep into her mouth.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... M... Nfh. Mm...
Yamato: Mn... Mm.
*I felt like I was going to melt...*
Miyako: Hah, mn... *kiss*... Yamato... *smack*... Mnnn!
*Miyako's hot saliva flowed into my mouth.*
Miyako: Mn, ah... Mn, mm... Nnm...
*Our slippery tongues entangled.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *kiss*... *lick*...
*She poured more and more saliva into my mouth.*
Yamato: *kiss* Huff, your saliva's so... sweet.
Miyako: Mwah... *lick* Then I'll give you another cup to drink.
Miyako: Mn... *slurp*... *kiss*... *suck*
Yamato: Mmm... *gulp*
Miyako: Open your mouth more, Yamato...
Yamato: Ah, mm...
Miyako: *suck*... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss*
Yamato: Mmm... Miyako... Hah.
*The more saliva I drank, the more aroused I got.*
*The memories of the times she'd fully aroused arose in force.*
Yamato: Miyako... Stick out your tongue more.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Yes, do what you want with me...
*She stuck out her moist tongue.*
Yamato: Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Mm... Yamato... Ah... Mn... *lick*
Miyako: Haheh... *slurp*... Mn, Mmm... *suck* *gulp*
Miyako: *kiss* *lick*... Nfh, hah, hah... *peck*
Miyako: Mn... *gulp*... Your saliva's tasty, too.
Yamato: --Miyako!
Miyako: Mmm! MNNN!
*I roughly stole her lips.*
*Undaunted, Miyako strongly embraced me back.*
Miyako: Mn, hah... *peck*... *Slurp!*
Miyako: Yamato. Yamato. Mn... *slurp*... *kiss*... *lick*
*She diligently licked each and every one of my teeth.*
Miyako: Mm... Mm... Mm.
*She sent her tongue even into my gums.*
Miyako: Mn, Mm... *slurp*... Mn... *gasp*
Yamato: Miyako... I can't stop anymore.
Miyako: ...Please don't stop. Make love to me, Yamato.
Yamato: ...Yeah. I won't be satisfied unless we go all the way.
Miyako: I gave you my first kiss...
Miyako: So which 'first' do you want next?
Miyako: My mouth? My pussy? My ass? ...Or all of them?
Yamato: Mmm.
*She was still kissing me insistently.*
Miyako: *gasp*... Yamato... Yamato.
*Her eyes were already those of a woman.*
*They were moist with love and emotion.*
Miyako: I love you... I love you, Yamato. Yamato... Mm.
*She looked adult, bewitching.*
Miyako: Kiss me more... Mn, mm, mm.
*She gave me one quick kiss after another.*
Yamato: ...Mm...
*The areas around our mouths were dripping with saliva.*
Miyako: Mnn, *kiss*... Mnm... *slurp, lick*
Miyako: *suck*... *slurp* Pwah... huff, huff, huff...
*A transparent thread hung between our mouths.*
Miyako: Yamato... My... My heart's racing so fast.
*She took my hand.*
*Then she brought it to her chest.*
Yamato: It really is...
*Her breasts felt soft and firm.*
*And from her voluminous chest I could feel her heartbeat.*
*I then proceeded to feel up her boobs.*
Miyako: Ah... Kh... Mm... Yamato...
Miyako: You're groping me so wonderfully erotically... Mm. Mn!
Yamato: *kiss*... Mm.
Miyako: Amph... *kiss*... *lick* *kiss*
*Still kissing her, I groped her breasts.*
Miyako: Heh... Heh... Mn, ahh, ah...
*Her breaths grew wilder.*
*I proceeded to roll up her uniform, to strip her.*
Miyako: Mmm... Mm... *kiss*
*But what made it tricky was that I didn't want to take my lips off her for a second.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss, kiss*... Ah, yes.
*Realizing my intent, Miyako removed her clothes herself.*
*Her breasts jiggled free.*
Yamato: *kiss* Miyako, your breasts are a size 82, right?
Miyako: Now they're 84... They might reach 85... Mm... *suck*
Yamato: I think that's amazing.
*Every movement of her body caused them to shake provocatively.*
*I directly and firmly massaged those bare-naked breasts.*
Miyako: Mn... Ah, n... Yamato's... groping me... I'm so happy.
*They were soft, and her moist skin stuck to my hands.*
*Despite that, they were firm.*
Miyako: Mn, hah... Ah, Yamato... Kiss me... *suck*
*I massaged that fruit-like bosom from below.*
*Beautiful mounds made all the more prominent by the taut muscles of her chest.*
Yamato: Miyako... You're so pretty.
Miyako: Mm-hm... I've made sure to keep my skin unblemished just for you, Yamato.
*I felt her up with both hands, kneading her breasts.*
Miyako: Nfh... Ha... Mn... *kiss* *lick* *gulp*
*As my ministrations grew stronger, her breasts molded to match my hands.*
*Yet her twin melons were highly elastic. They pressed back against my every touch.*
Miyako: Yamato, grope me more... These tits are all for you.
Yamato: Yeah...
Miyako: Mn, ah, yes, please knead them... Mm.
Miyako: Ah... Ah, hah, squeeze them.
Miyako: AH! ...Kh, press them as hard as you want...
*I continued to stimulate her breasts the way she told me to.*
Yamato: How about your nipples?
Miyako: Mn, heh, kh... They're for you to suck...
Yamato: Amazing... I barely touched them, and they're already erect.
Miyako: Heh... Ahhh, ahh... Tease my nipples more.
*I plucked her responsive nipples and rolled my fingers over them.*
Miyako: Yamato... *lick, slurp, smack* Yamato...
*The flat of my fingers rubbed time and time again against those nipples.*
Miyako: *kiss*... *suck* Ahh, my chest is so hot...
Yamato: Right here...?
Miyako: Ah... That's...
*I'd stuck a hand up her skirt.*
Miyako: Mn-ah!
*Her body jumped.*
*Her underwear was already wet.*
Yamato: Amazing... Miyako, you're already soaking wet.
*I could feel the warmth of her hidden recess.*
Miyako: Mm-hm. You can -- ah! -- put it in... whenever.
Yamato: Yeah... But there's so much more of you left to touch first.
*My fingers, moistened by her love juice, caressed her pussy.*
Miyako: Heh... Heh... Your fingers are moving so nastily...
*Touching her, I felt a sticky nectar.*
*I pressed my hand against her nether region.*
Miyako: Bwah?!
*Her body trembled.*
*Then I licked Miyako's earlobe.*
Miyako: Mn... *suck, lick, slurp, kiss* Yamato, Mn!
*As I stuck my tongue down her earhole, I moved my hand.*
Miyako: Kwah, th-that's...
*The flat of my fingers caressed her clitoris.*
Yamato: You really are sensitive here.
*As I stroked her pussy, my fingers toyed with her nipples.*
Miyako: Mn...*Suck, lick, slurp, kiss*... Yamato. Mn!
*As our mouths kissed, saliva again trailed between us.*
Miyako: *slurp* *gulp* *kiss*... *kiss* Yamato! Yamato...
*Miyako's cries grew more and more intense.*
*I further focused my ministrations on the area around her vagina.*
Miyako: Oww...
Yamato: Sorry. *kiss*...
*That single word from Miyako caused me to regain an ounce of tranquility.*
*The area around her entrance was delicate. I had to be careful.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... *kiss*... *slurp*... *kiss*
*I diligently stimulated her nipples and clitoris.*
Miyako: Ahh! ...Kwah, ah... Mn, mn-ah... Ahhhh!
*Miyako tossed back her head, clearly unable to control herself.*
*I playfully bit her ear and blew on her.*
Miyako: Ah, it feels so good, Yamato. It feels so good...
*I slowly increased my stimulation of her clitoris.*
Miyako: Ah, ahh, Yamato... Yamato... Yamato!
*The bottom of my finger tumbled across down there.*
Miyako: I can't take any more of--ah, ahh!
*I gripped her tapered nipple with one hand and her clitoris with the other.*
Miyako: Haaaaaahhh!
*As she reached her peak, Miyako's strength drained from her.*
Yamato: So you came while standing.
Miyako: Mnah... Ahh, I'm so happy.
*Crouching down, I brought my mouth to her slit.*
Miyako: Ann...
*I slurped up her love juice.*
Miyako: Ahh... Ah, the movement of your mouth is amazing.
Yamato: You're so pretty down there, Miyako...
Miyako: Mn, show me yours, too...
*She pulled down my zipper.*
Miyako: Amazing. Even through your pants, I can tell it's full of energy.
*She stuck her hands past the folds of my zipper.*
Miyako: ...Huff... Huff.
*I no longer had any reason to refuse her.*
Miyako: Ahh! ...Yamato's cock!
Miyako: It's so big... and hard... and hot...
Miyako: *sniff, sniff*
Miyako: It smells so musky, but so good...
Miyako: How promising. (She started rubbing it.)
Miyako: Can I taste it, too?
Miyako: Ammph... *lick*... *lick*
Miyako: Mn, I feel like I could lick it forever.
Yamato: Wait, Miyako. That aside, I want us to become one as soon as possible.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm. Okay. *kiss*
*She lightly kissed the glans of my penis.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Hmm... Ah!
Yamato: Stay like that, and stick your butt out towards me.
*I'd decided to first enter her from behind.*
Yamato: I want to conquer you in an instant.
Miyako: Mn... Conquer me.
*I didn't want us to lie down on the dirty ceiling, so we remained standing.*
*I yanked down Miyako's soaked panties.*
Yamato: I'm going in, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
*I pushed my penis against her hot, wet slit.*
Miyako: Ahh... It's finally time... Come... Come, Yamato.
*Mngh. But her entrance was... I didn't understand. I couldn't find it.*
Yamato: Miyako, help me.
Miyako: Mn...
Miyako: Mnkh, here...
Yamato: Mn... I'm going in... Ah, I'm going!
Miyako: ...Ah, ahh! Ah... Ah!
*Building up momentum, I drove my penis inside her wet entrance.*
Miyako: Ahhhh... Yamato, yours is so hot.
*I felt the pop of ripping through her hymen.*
Miyako: Oooh!
*Afterwards, I slipped through in one burst to her innermost depths.*
*The head of my penis advanced all the way to the entrance of her womb.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... Huff... Yamato's thing is inside me.
Yamato: Yeah. You're so wet, it was smoother than I thought it would be.
Yamato: And I've become a man.
Miyako: And I a wom--Ugh! Ooh, mnn... Kh... Mmn...
*She convulsed.*
Yamato: ...Wait, did you just cum?
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... I couldn't help it.
Miyako: I've dreamed of this for so long...
Yamato: Doesn't it hurt?
Miyako: Mn, I'm fine... You can move however you want. Besides...
Miyako: ...Today's a safe day. You can cum inside me, so...
Yamato: ...Miyako!
*I suddenly started moving my hips.*
*The sound of my thrusts echoed on the rooftop.*
Miyako: Mnah, ahh! Ss, mnnaahhh, ahhh!
*She was so sensitive that she was already starting to enjoy it.*
Miyako: Amazing. You're... Mn-ahhh! Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Your insides feel good too...
Miyako: Huff... Ahh, yah... Hwah, mnnn!
*As I drilled her, she arched her back.*
Miyako: Hah, ahh, ahhhh... Yamato, Yamato!
*Her unreserved moans reverberated around us.*
Yamato: We're finally... mmph... having sex...
Yamato: Every morning, every night, every day you tempted me... mngh... I held something back, and today I'm going to let it all out inside you.
Miyako: Ah, ahh, yes, yes, c-cum! Mnah!
*The walls of her pussy squeezed down on me as if they were a living creature.*
Yamato: Miyako... Make me feel even better.
*I grabbed hold of her voluptuously mature ass and banged my hips against her.*
Miyako: Yamato, I love you, I love you so much! Hah, ann, aaahh!
*Sweet sighs slipped from Miyako's lips.*
Yamato: I love you too, Miyako!
Miyako: Fwahh, I-I'm cumming aga--Ah, ahhhh...
*Her vagina contracted, putting me in a tight squeeze.*
Miyako: Haauuuuu... Mnkh, ts, ahn!
Yamato: Miyako, your body's trembling... You came again, huh. You're so cute.
Miyako: Huff... huff... Ah, ahh...
Yamato: Your insides feel so good. I can't stop my hips.
*Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.*
Miyako: Haaaahhhh! I'm still cumming--Ahhhh!
Yamato: That's right, Miyako. Tell me when you are cumming... Mn.
*I tried changing the movements of my hips from direct thrusts to a rolling motion, to rub various points of her depths.*
Miyako: Kh... Hah... Mnkh, huff... Ah!
*I tried to wipe the glans of my dick against the walls of her pussy.*
Miyako: Mnkh... Ah... Ahhhh, mnah, hah!
*My penis ground against the edges of her formerly virgin hole.*
Miyako: Ahhh... It feels so good!
*While doing that, I found one spot in Miyako where she reacted especially strongly.*
Miyako: Aww, haauuu! Mnah, ahah, ah!
Yamato: Does it feel good when I rub here?
*Here was a grainy spot just before her uterus. An erogenous zone on the side closest to her belly button.*
Miyako: M-Mm-hm... It feels so good.
*She seemed to enjoy it.*
Yamato: Then I'll scratch here a ton.
Miyako: Haauuuu... A-Amazing... Aahhhhh...
*A sweet electric current tingled through my crotch.*
Miyako: I-I'm going to... ah... cum again soon...
*Her wet, viscous walls sucked in my penis.*
Miyako: Mnah... I'm cumming... Ooh, I'm cumming!
*She once again climaxed.*
Miyako: Nyah... Hwah, mnn, ack, mnn!
Yamato: ...Kh, ahh, it feels so good... for me, too. I'm...
Miyako: Ahah, mm-hm, cum, cum, Yamato...
*I pulled my penis back out until it was only barely contained within her.*
*It glowed with the white veneer of Miyako's love juices.*
Miyako: Ahhh... Fuck me. Fuck me now, Yamato...
*From there, I drove back into her.*
Miyako: Hah, mn... Mm, haaahhh!
*When my penis went inside, her vaginal walls sucked me in.*
Yamato: Ah, my head's going blank... Miyako, Miyako!
Miyako: Mnah, aha, haaa, Yamato... Yamato...
*As we called each other's names, my hips never ceased moving.*
Yamato: Your breasts... Are bouncing too much. It's so erotic...
*I scooped up her bouncing breasts and rubbed them thoroughly.*
Miyako: Ah, even my breasts... Mn... Ah.
Yamato: Does it feel good when I toy with both at the same time?
Miyako: Huff, huff... Mm-hm, i-it feels so good!
*I pinched her pink nipples.*
Miyako: Mnnaahhhh, haahhh!
*I continued to rub her weak points.*
Miyako: I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming again... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mn, wow... You're convulsing so much... You're just cumming again and again, Miyako.
Miyako: Ahh... ah, mn-ah... But Yamato, that's because you're--
Yamato: Don't blame this on me!
Miyako: Aaahhhhh! You drove all the way into me!
Miyako: Mn, Yamato, your cock is so amazing, ah, hah!
Yamato: It's because you're so lewd! Mn, mn!
Miyako: Ah! Ah, ah, ah, ah...
Yamato: But that's a good thing. I love you, Miyako.
Miyako: Ah, I love... you too. Do it... inside me, please.
Yamato: Say it properly. What do you want?
Miyako: Mn, your semen...! I want your hot cum inside me!
Yamato: Huff, heh... Roger... Let's go.
Miyako: Mn. Kah, haah, mnaaahhhhhh...
*I plunged my penis down to the root.*
Yamato: I'm cumming... I'm cumming, Miyako.
Miyako: Hah, yes, yes, fill me up with your spunk!
*Miyako thrust her ass even higher.*
*I grabbed her beautiful buttocks and thrust even harder.*
Miyako: Kh... ts, mnah, mnoooohhhhh...
*As I reached her uterus, I hit my limit.*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Miyako!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Fwaaaahhhhhhh! Yamatoooo!
*Buckets of sperm flowed into Miyako's womb.*
Miyako: Ahhh... Mn... Hah, ah... Mn...
*Her walls tightened and undulated, squeezing every last drop of semen from me.*
Miyako: Your semen... it's so hot... and there's so much...
*Spurt, spew, spew...*
Miyako: Aheh... Mnnnnn... Huff... Hah...
Yamato: I'm so happy... That felt amazing, Miyako.
Miyako: Ah!
*My penis splashed out of her pussy.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato, umm...
*She thrust out her ass and wiggled it.*
Miyako: I want... more of you, Yamato...
Yamato: Relax. We're just getting started.
Yamato: Take a look at the Battleship Yamato's heroic cannon.
*Even though I had just ejaculated, I hadn't lost my erection.*
Miyako: ...Amazing... You're so manly.
Yamato: What did I tell you? All the times you provoked me really built up. I've still got a ways to go.
Miyako: With this cannon, you could shoot down any battleship.
Yamato: Yeah... I'm aroused. I want you more and more...
Yamato: That's right. Take off your clothes, Miyako. All of them.
Miyako: Here...?
Yamato: Yeah. I want to see every inch of you when I fuck you.
Miyako: Mm... Okay.
*In this place, one filled with our memories, Miyako took off her clothes.*
*Then, she was all-at-once naked.*
Yamato: Let's do it in the same position we were in...
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Yamato: Does it hurt?
Miyako: A little, I think, but between the arousal and the pleasure I don't even care...
Yamato: Then I guess you're fine...
Yamato: Miyako, could you spread your ass for me?
Miyako: Huh? S-Sure...
Miyako: L-Like this? Y-You have to know how embarrassing this is...
Yamato: Open it further.
Miyako: ...Hm? I-Is this good?
Yamato: Yes, yes. I can see it clearly. It's a pretty color.
Miyako: Ooh... Ah?!
*I then licked her twitching anus.*
Miyako: Mnah... Y-Yamato! That's my--!
*She squirmed. Was it truly that embarrassing?*
Yamato: You're okay with it, right?
Miyako: ...Mm-hm...
Yamato: Don't move, Miyako. Relax your muscles. I'm going to lick all the way inside you.
Miyako: ...Mn, ah!
Yamato: ...Since you're so sweaty, it tastes a little salty...
*I buried my face in her ass and continued licking her asshole.*
Yamato: But it's so tasty, Miyako... And I like doing it this way, too.
Miyako: Mn, ahh... Do whatever you want... Nkh.
Yamato: I'd expect that retort from you... But today, from the front...
Miyako: Yeah. Put your cock in me...
*She slowly thrust out her hips.*
Yamato: Mn... I'm doing it, Miyako!
*The second penetration went well.*
*The glans of my dick, set against her slit, moistly made its way into her.*
Miyako: Ahhh, mn... Mnaaahhhh, you're inside me!
*I used my semen as a lubricant to smoothly fuck her.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, your thing really is so hot, so large, so hard.
Miyako: Just you entering me makes me shake...
Yamato: Your insides are the same way. The second I entered you, you coiled around me...
Yamato: It's amazing, even if I don't move. It feels so good.
Miyako: Ah, you're twitching inside me...
Miyako: Weheh, your thing is inside me... I'm so happy...
Yamato: Did you dream of this that much?
Miyako: Nkh, mm-hm... I literally dreamed of it... Mn.
Yamato: Then let's enjoy this, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Ahhh!
Miyako: Fwah, aauuuu, ahh... Nkh!
Yamato: Miyako, you're so tight. Mn, it feels so good.
Miyako: Yamato, you suddenly moved amazingly, hah... Ah, aaahhh!
Miyako: Kheh, you're so deep... Mnaaahhh, you're inside me, hah!
Yamato: I want... to feel you more.
*I plunged into her innermost depths and relished her sticky membranes.*
Miyako: Yeess! Mnah, aahh... feel me!
Miyako: Mnhah, ahh, feel me, more, mnah!
Yamato: So this place really does feel good?
Miyako: Huff, huff, yes, a-amazing... Your dick rubbing against me feels so good... Ahh, I love you!
Yamato: You're sticking to me so much... Ahhh, Miyako, Miyako, Miyako.
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff, huff... Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: I'm going harder! Hah! Hah!
Miyako: Aiiee?! Aaahhhhhhh...! Y-You're so rough.
Miyako: Mm-hm, nkh, I'm so... turned on!
Miyako: Ahh, it feels good, so good!
*Violent splashes echoed around us.*
Yamato: Your ass is so perverted, Miyako.
Miyako: Mn, this is yours, Yamato...
Yamato: Mn, guess it is...
*I crashed my hips against Miyako's ass as hard as I could.*
Yamato: Your boobs are so sexy, too.
Miyako: Ahh. Th-Those are yours too.
Yamato: I see... Let me get your nipples erect.
Miyako: Nkh, aahhhhh... You're so... forceful, Yamato.
Yamato: Do you hate the pain?
Miyako: Mm-mm, ah, mn, it's fine if it's you.
Yamato: So even if it hurts, it feels good...
Yamato: Your insides are like a living creature, with how your walls circle around me.
Miyako: Mnheh... Ahh... That place is yours too.
*I repeatedly thrust in, practically knocking against the opening to her womb.*
Miyako: Kwah... Mn... Yamato... Aaaah!
Yamato: Then this hole is mine too.
*Having used saliva to ease entrance into her back door, I stuck my middle finger inside.*
Miyako: Hauuu?!
Yamato: Right?
Miyako: M-Mm-hm... My asshole... is yours too.
*I fucked her asshole with my finger.*
Miyako: Wah... ah, c, ukh...
Yamato: You're squeezing so hard on my finger.
Miyako: Kh, ooh, ah, huff... c, ooh...
*An even greater quantity of love juice spilled from where our genitalia met.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... Ahh... Heh, mn...
Yamato: Seems even your ass is giving you pleasure.
*The more I toyed with her asshole, the tighter her pussy squeezed.*
Miyako: Aha... Ah, aahh... Don't move your finger.
Miyako: Move your dick instead, Yamato.
Yamato: Yeah... Mn... Mmm!
*A shudder ran through Miyako's mature and moistened expression.*
*Shove, shove, shove!*
Miyako: Khah...! You're, ah, this is... Mnn!
*I placed my hands on Miyako's sweaty ass and thrust my hips.*
Miyako: Haaahh, ah, aahh... Mn, Yamato...
Yamato: Ooh, kh... Your insides are amazing.
*Her undulations and contractions were the greatest they'd ever been.*
Miyako: Haaaaahh... I came again...
Miyako: Aha, I'm just too happy... I'm cumming again and again...
Yamato: Especially... here, right? Right in front of your uterus...
*I thrust at all of Miyako's pleasure zones.*
Miyako: Ahm! Mnah! There, there feels so good.
Yamato: Miyako, you've waited for so long... Mn.
Miyako: Mn, aah... Mnah, it feels so good where your cock is touching me! Ah, aaah!
Yamato: Did you cum again...?
*In order to feel as good as I could... I had a daring idea.*
*I stopped moving my hips.*
Miyako: Ah, what's wrong? No, move, Yamato!
*She moved her ass back and forth.*
Yamato: I thought I might as well have you beg properly.
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: What do you want me to move?
Miyako: Y-Your cock...
Yamato: Where do you want me to move it?
Miyako: I-In my... pussy...
Yamato: Well said, but that was wrong.
Yamato: You have to talk dirty to me.
Miyako: Yes, I want you to fuck my nasty pussy, Yamato.
Yamato: Leave it to me!
*I surprised her with a deep thrust at her weak point.*
Miyako: Ah, ahhhhhhhh!
*And Miyako's body reacted with twitching spasms.*
Yamato: You came, huh... Then I'll keep prodding here.
*I focused my ministrations on her weak point.*
Miyako: Mn, ah, haaaaah, mn, mnah, ah!
*Little by little, my movements grew faster and rougher.*
Miyako: Khwaaaahhhh! Hah, aahh!
Yamato: This is the lust your temptations built up in me!
Miyako: Aiiee, ah, aah! Ah, aaahnaaah!
*I continued fucking Miyako, directing all my energy towards my hips.*
*Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap!*
Miyako: Aah, ah, ah, ahn, nnnh, hyah!
*From where we were bonded spurted a liquid.*
Miyako: Ahh, more there, fuck me there! Aaah!
Miyako: Ahh, I'm cumming again... Mn, ah, aaaahhh!
*Even so, I continued to move my hips to the pleasure.*
Miyako: Mnaaah, I'm cumming, yet--ahh, ah, ah, ah!
Miyako: Yet if you keep going like that--ahh, wait!
Miyako: Huff, huff, Yamato, again I'm... mnah, aah...
Yamato: About to cum?
Miyako: Mm-hm, so please, ah, Yamato, you cum too...
Miyako: Shoot your hot semen into me...
Miyako: I want... to cum together.
*She pleaded to me with moist eyes.*
Yamato: Miyako, you're so cute.
*I took a firm grip of her hourglass waist.*
Yamato: Let's cum together. I love you, Miyako.
*I then shot my hips forward.*
Miyako: Wah!
Yamato: I'm moving... Mm!
*Ejaculation near, I picked up the pace.*
Miyako: Hwaah, gh, mnaaahhhh!
Miyako: Aaaah, aaah, Yamato...
*She was driving towards her peak.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Mngh, ah, aah... I'm cumming.
Miyako: Aha, ah, aah, ah, I'm cumming, aaahhh!
Yamato: ...I'm... almost there...
*Once again her walls contracted tightly.*
*Those animal-like movements guided me to ejaculation.*
*I wanted to finish like this, inside Miyako's vagina.*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Miyako!
*I pounded my penis into her deepest regions.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spew!*
Miyako: Aaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!
*Miyako's screams echoed under the setting sun.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Ahh, aheh... mn...
Miyako: I kissed... Yamato.
Miyako: I became one... with Yamato... ah...
Miyako: You poured your semen into me... Yay...
Miyako: All my dreams, fulfilled at once...
*Her body twitched in the afterglow of my ejaculation.*
Yamato: You're going to feel even happier... Miyako... Miyako.
Miyako: Huh...? Bwuh? Ah! Hah!
*My hips again began to move.*
Miyako: Huff, ah... This is too amazing, you're moving again...
Yamato: I have to fill you up with my semen.
*My penis was still hard, and I still moved it.*
Miyako: Ah... Wah! Mnuh?! Like I said, mn, after cumming, I'm sensitive, so if you move in me I'll... Aaah!
Yamato: You just keep cumming, Miyako... Mnph!
Miyako: Haaah! I-I'm cumming again! I'm cumming...! ...Mn, ah...
Yamato: Miyako, higher. Lift your ass higher.
Miyako: Fwah, mnah, aah, l-like this?
*I grabbed her elevated ass and pounded into her.*
Miyako: Aaaah, ah, hah, mn, mnah! I can't -- I'm going crazy...
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato... Ah, aah, it feels so good! I'm cumming, I'm cumming again, aaaaahh!
*Her legs started to shake; I took firm hold of her ass.*
Miyako: I-I just keep... cumming... Huff, huff, huff.
Yamato: This time, I'm cumming again, Miyako...
Miyako: Wah?! Mnuh, ah, aww!
Miyako: Yaaa... Hah, mnfh...
Yamato: Kh! I'm cumming!
*I felt the urge to ejaculate simmer and boil within me.*
*Spurrrrrrt!*
Miyako: Aaaaaahhhh!
*I pushed Miyako to climax for what could have been the thousandth time. Her body shivered and trembled.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato... Yamato... Yamato!
Yamato: I'm right here, Miyako.
*The convulsions had rendered her immobile, so I moved in front of her eyes.*
Miyako: Ahh... Aa... Yamato... Mn. Hah, mn...
*I smacked her on the lips, and we exchanged saliva.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... Huff, hey, Yamato, I want...
Yamato: To do it again? I'm all for it.
Miyako: A-Amazing...
Yamato: Should we go all night? No, even longer. We'll skip school tomorrow.
Miyako: Yamato, your switch has been flipped...
Yamato: Yeah... Let's go!
Miyako: Mm-hm!
*Miyako's moans continued all throughout the night of Tanabata.*
NARRATOR
--The later years of elementary school.
*Back then, I was nihilistic.*
*I believed there was no justice in the world, that love was an illusion.*
*My father would say...*
Yamato's Father: Yamato, how was school?
Yamato: Today was fun! There's this Shouichi guy, and he's really funny.
Yamato's Father: Is there any bullying going on?
Yamato: Sure, but the girl being bullied has nothing to do with me.
Yamato's Father: Nothing to do with you? Then I guess just leave her be.
Yamato's Father: Some say that doing nothing is a crime itself... But you have to look out for number one. To act is to risk being dragged into it.
Yamato's Father: If you are going to save her, you must be prepared. Prepared to suffer harm yourself. The worst thing you can do is bail halfway.
Yamato: I think responsibility lies with the person being bullied.
Yamato: For instance, I'm always super considerate towards everyone.
Yamato: That politeness has given me an easy-going life.
Yamato: Those who are bullied shirk doing so. So I don't feel like saving them.
Yamato's Father: That's fine. The most important lessons to learn are not from math or English, but from relationships with others. They should be your focus.
Yamato: Yes. And people watching too!
*Fifth grade was the first year Shiina Miyako and I were in the same class.*
*Gakuto was also there with us.*
*Capt, Moro, and Wanko were all in different classes.*
Yamato: Ugh, I'm stuck with Miyako?!
Gakuto: Well, you'll be fine. Just don't touch her.
*This was a short time after when we'd protected the agave.*
*I'd returned to thinking of Miyako as a regular victim of bullying.*
*I enjoyed our fifth-grade class.*
*Miyako was sitting in the corner, quiet as a mouse.*
*She was reading a book, probably one she'd borrowed from the library.*
Class Girl: Just ignore that Shiina girl, if you don't mind.
Yamato: Okay. My default was to go along with the majority opinion.
*All the girls ignored her, of course.*
*Meanwhile, the boys had written graffiti on her desk.*
*Calling her the daughter of a whore, or diseased, that sort of thing.*
*Naturally, I tried to drop hints that people should stop.*
Yamato: Hey, hey. You're leaving behind evidence, right? So don't do that.
*I didn't care, so long as nobody was caught.*
*But I failed. I could've stood my ground, but they would've turn on me.*
*All I could do was not join in the bullying.*
*By the way, when our teacher learned of a bullying incident in another class, he said...*
Teacher: Well, kids will be kids. Sometimes they go a bit overboard.
*He was an amazing teacher. Taught me exactly what not to do.*
*Our school was supposed to be full of good teachers, but we got the bad apple.*
*Later, the tormentors turned to making her stuff disappear.*
*They began by regularly hiding her shoes, until Miyako began to carry them around with her.*
*They would also put dead cicadas in her desk.*
Miyako: ...Ooh.
*Grimaced Miyako as she tossed them outside.*
Class Girl: Really, I have no idea what goes through her head.
Class Girl B: She's disgusting.
Class Girl C: Like, maybe her disease affected her mind?
*She was bullied because of her silent demeanor and, of course, her family's circumstances.*
*During class, people always happened to bump into her things.*
*And she'd be bombarded with water balloons on the way home.*
*Miyako was too quick on her feet for them to hit, which only made them dislike her more.*
*Even a nihilist wannabe like me could see something was wrong with this.*
*I hadn't realized the horror of her situation until she became my classmate.*
Yamato: ...Hmm. What do you think, Wanko?
Kazuko: It's not good at all. Why's everyone so mean to her?
Kazuko: When we weren't in the same class, we had no idea how bad she had it, huh.
Kazuko: Hmm... Maybe I'll try talking to her?
Gakuto: Don't. 100% chance they'll ignore you, too.
Kazuko: But I have Yamato and all of you.
Gakuto: Don't you want to be friends with the others girls too?
Kazuko: Mmm.
*In the end, we didn't come up with any concrete plans.*
*--During a break.*
*Miyako was simply reading a book.*
Boy E: ...Hah!
*A boy tagged Miyako's desk.*
Boy E: Waaahhh! I've got the Shiina Virus! Worst penalty game ever!
Boy F: Stay away! You'll infect it!
Class Girl: Stop! I'll die! Don't tag me!
*They even used the 'Shiina Virus' to play tag.*
Gakuto: Nwaaahhh! Stay away! Don't infect me with her germs!
*Even today, Miyako still nagged Gakuto about how he joined in those games.*
*However, Miyako never turned away from her book.*
*As if she was used to this treatment.*
*Her greatest strength was that, thanks to her martial arts practice, physical bullying was ineffective on her.*
Yamato: (I wonder what book she's reading.)
Yamato: (Huh? It's by Akutagawa? So that's what she reads.)
*I had read the book myself.*
*From then on, I started paying attention to the books she read.*
*She read a lot of the same books I did. We would probably have a lot to talk about.*
Yamato: (She's so cultured... It's hard to keep watching her get bullied.)
Yamato: (But she's so gloomy. What's she thinking about...)
Yamato: (Of course! Everyone thinks the same way, and that's why people bully her.)
Yamato: (Hmm.)
*As that thought filled my mind, there came a day, an evening...*
*At the place where the agave had blossomed...*
Yamato: Oh.
Miyako: ...Ah.
*...By sheer coincidence, the two of us happened upon each other.*
*It was evening, at the exact moment the sun crossed the horizon.*
*In a dead space where no one else should have been.*
Miyako: ......
Yamato: ......
*Neither of us said a word.*
*However, Miyako was clearly interested in me.*
Miyako: ...Ooh.
Yamato: ...Umm, you have something to say?
*The empty field had never felt more vast.*
Miyako: ......
*No, she wasn't going to say anything.*
Yamato: ...Novels... Like Akutagawa's...
Miyako: ......?
Yamato: I saw you reading them. Did you like them?
Miyako: ...M-Mm-hm.
Miyako: ...Don't you read them, too?
Yamato: Yeah, I like them. I like Japanese fiction.
Miyako: ...Me too...
*We talked over our shared love of books.*
*And time all but flew by.*
*She didn't seem any less gloomy, but...*
*I'd be lying if I said I hated her intelligence or her calm demeanor.*
Yamato: We took a photo of all of us here, in front of the blooming flowers.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
Yamato: What were you doing then, wandering around here?
Miyako: ...I thought it looked fun.
Miyako: So I thought, if I could just say something...
Miyako: And I knew you read the same books, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: (That's right... There's a card in each library book that we use to write who borrows them.)
Yamato: I see...
*Had it been that hard, being completely alone?*
*Why had I thought I had the right to declare her used to it?*
*She really did want to join our group.*
*...But even if she asked, it wasn't that simple.*
*And heck, she never even asked.*
*There was no point trying to guess the things she never put into words.*
Yamato: The sun's completely set... Let's go home.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Yamato: Then let's get going... Oh, Miyako?
Miyako: Hm?
*At that moment...*
Yamato: Please don't talk to me at school.
*I said the worst thing imaginable.*
*All because I thought my precious social life would be ruined if she thought this meant we were friends and tried to talk to me.*
*And yet...*
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
*Was her reply.*
Miyako: I know I can't... at school, but...
Yamato: Hmm?
Miyako: Is... here okay?
Miyako: I want to talk about books.
Yamato: Sure, so long as no one is around.
Miyako: Okay.
*It was such a stupid demand, yet Miyako seemed so happy.*
*After that...*
*The bullying at school continued.*
*People even started the Get Shiina Miyako to Commit Suicide Club.*
Class Girl: That's, like, the best name ever!
Class Girl B: It's funny, but doesn't this seem wrong to you?
Class Girl C: It's fine. Even if something does happen, all we have to do is act real sorry.
Boy B: The principal'll cry crocodile tears while he reads some letter, and that's that. I bet he'll go eat sushi as a reward for showing such restraint.
*Her tormentors now saw themselves as entertainers.*
*Their bullying was meant to bring a smile to others.*
*The relationship between Miyako and me progressed a little.*
*We'd meet from time to time after dusk in the open field.*
*I only headed their occasionally, when I had nothing else going on, but I was pretty sure she came every single day.*
*I couldn't let anyone else see me talking with her.*
*Nor could I drag any of my friends into this.*
*That's why we met at our base, in the heart of the open field.*
Miyako: So then, there's this story...
Yamato: That's a somber one. But I like these stories too.
*We mostly talked about books, the conversation never stalling out.*
Yamato: I don't have any idea what the author's intent there was.
Miyako: I think that was probably a metaphor. Basically...
*It shocked me how intelligent Miyako was.*
*There was no way she hadn't figured out what I was doing.*
*But she didn't say anything, maybe because she enjoyed being able to talk with me.*
*She even waited for all of my friends to leave before ever speaking to me.*
*She really knew how to read the mood.*
*In the midst of those days, at school...*
*-- Eeek, it's the Shiina Virus! --*
*The teasing started once again.*
*There was no way she could be happy, being treated like that.*
*But if I saved her, I'd drag me and my friends into it.*
*So I tried to keep some distance, to stay out of it.*
*But...*
Boy B: Yay, I tagged Naoe!
*I was tagged.*
*Which demanded a reaction. That was how the game worked.*
*But I couldn't do it. Not in front of her.*
*By the way, whenever one of the girls was tagged, it would put her at such a loss for what to do that she'd literally start crying.*
*I...*
Yamato: ......
*Without saying a word I left the classroom.*
Boy B: ...?
Boy C: Wah. Naoe's been tagged with the Shiina Virus!
Boy B: Oh, is he gonna sneak-attack someone in the hall?!
*If nothing else, she wouldn't have to see.*
*It was the least I could do. The literal, absolute least.*
*I felt like trash. I couldn't stay in the classroom.*
*One day, Miyako was crying.*
Yamato: What's wrong?
Miyako: My cat... She ran off somewhere.
Miyako: She won't come back...
*There was nothing to be done.*
*For a while after that, nothing happened.*
*Until one day, our teacher said...*
Teacher: The Tama River is wonderfully pretty right now. How about we as a class catch and raise some fish, so we can observe the circle of life?
*I could think of nothing less annoying.*
*Unsurprisingly, no one volunteered to be in charge of raising them.*
Miyako: Then... I'll do it.
*Miyako volunteered.*
*It was no replacement for her cat, but it would at least distract her.*
*The fish taken from the Tama River were put in a fish tank.*
Miyako: ...We have to manage the temperature with a heater.
Teacher: Yeah. So Shiina, you can buy and install it.
Miyako: Yes, sir.
*So Miyako, intelligent as she was, undertook the task of raising the fish.*
*I feared the bullies might do something to them.*
*Miyako was on the lookout, but they didn't seem the least bit interested in the fish.*
*The bullies seemed willing to leave her alone on that mark.*
*The fish in the tank grew in number.*
Miyako: Okay, here's your food.
*Miyako did everything she could to care for the fish.*
*Always with a smile on her face.*
Yamato: ......
*She looked so happy.*
*But one morning, there was an accident.*
*-- Whoa? What's going on? It stinks! --*
*Something white had clouded the water, a weird stench filling the room.*
*The heater had broken, bringing the water to boil.*
Miyako: N... No way...
*All the river creatures had perished, their bodies destroyed beyond all recognition.*
Boy B: It was Shiina! She did it! The Shiina Virus killed them!
Class Girl: It stinks. Go throw it out!
Class Girl B: The Shiina Virus is so scary. Anyone who gets too close to her ends up just like those fish.
Class Girl C: Seriously, that's kinda scary. I'm feeling a bit ill -- could it be the Shiina Virus?
Miyako: Oooh... Why did the heater have to break...?
*Miyako staggered out of the room, holding the fish tank in her hands.*
Class Girl: Heh heh. We got her good. Waiting for her to get attached to them, to make place for them in her heart, was brilliant.
Class Girl B: Seriously, getting that upset over a class pet is gross. I wish she'd die.
Class Girl C: Right? It's not like there aren't plenty more where they came from. Just catch some new ones and punch the reset button.
*I waited a short while, then went looking for Miyako.*
Shouichi: Oh, Yamato, that you there? Wassup?
Yamato: Sorry, I'm in a rush.
Shouichi: ......?
Miyako: I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
*Miyako was digging a grave.*
Yamato: M-Miyako...
*-- Oh, Naoe-kun's here! Wanna join in? --*
Yamato: In what?
Boy B: In the Make-Shiina-Cry Game. Whoever makes her cry wins.
Yamato: I...
Boy C: Heck, we've even wagering some money on it. Mind being the judge?
Miyako: ...I'm sorry...
*-- Geez, Shiina. It's your fault the fish died. --*
Miyako: No! Somebody broke the heater!
Boy B: Only because you were raising the fish.
Miyako: Huh?
Boy B: If it were anyone else, those fish would still be alive right now. (This guy would go on to be a member of 2-S.)
Miyako: Ah...
Boy C: That means the Shiina Virus is real.
Boy B: Hey, why're you even here? Why don't you just die? You're only making things worse for everyone around you. Think about it, Shiina Virus.
Miyako: Ah...
Boy E: Maybe you and your whore mommy can jump off a cliff together.
Boy B: C'mon guys, let's sing it to her.
*They surrounded Miyako and clapped their hands.*
Boys: Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die!
Miyako: Oooh... Ahh... Gah...
Boy B: We did it! She cried! Yay!
Miyako: Ah, ahh, ahh...
Boy B: Yaaaay!
Boy E: Now then, Judge Naoe! Who made her cry?! Make the call!
Yamato: ...I did.
Yamato: ...I made her cry...
Boy E: Hey, what gives! Stop hogging the spotlight!
Yamato: It was me... I knew all along, and yet...
Yamato: I pretended not to notice, played the nihilist...
Yamato: ... and only cared about myself!
Yamato: I let things come to... To this!
*I stomped the ground.*
*Everyone fell silent.*
Yamato's Father: If you are going to save her, you must be prepared. Prepared to suffer harm yourself. The worst thing  you can do is bail halfway.
*I was prepared all right.*
*I stood in front of Miyako.*
*Then I turned back towards my classmates.*
Yamato: Everyone, let's stop this. Before she actually commits suicide.
Boy B: What's so bad about that? It'd make for a heroic tale.
Yamato: Think this through. Think of how cruel you're being.
Yamato: This isn't who you really are, not on the inside.
Yamato: But together with everyone else, you let yourselves get carried away.
Yamato: Guys, we can stop this.
Boy B: What are you saying? Don't tell me you're infected by the Shiina Virus.
Yamato: And stop with that already!
Boy B: Huh?
*I patted Miyako's head.*
*Her body was shaking from shock.*
Yamato: She's not infected with anything. She's just a normal girl. Let the bullying end, and this can all be over.
Boy C: You're defending a whore?
Yamato: What her mother is has nothing to do with her.
Boy D: Who knows what she's even thinking!
Yamato: Yeah, she's quiet. But maybe she'd talk to you a if you stopped bullying her. I know she likes books.
Boy E: Wait, don't tell me you like her.
Yamato: If I did, you'd be eating a knuckle sandwich right about now.
Yamato: Look, we've all gone too far. Okay?
Boy B: ...He's sick with the Shiina Virus too!
Yamato: What?
Boy B: We have to go tell everyone in class that Naoe's got the Shiina Virus too!
Boy B: I bet all of Naoe's pals are infected t--
Boy B: Yeeeeouch?!
*I'd punched him in the face. He'd had enough warnings.*
Yamato: Hey... What'd you say?
*I twisted his arm. Nee-san was always putting me in the same hold, so I knew how to execute it.*
Boy B: Ouch!
Yamato: You trying to bring my friends into this? Huh?!
Boy B: Y-Yeouch!
Boy D: Stop, Naoe. Don't be so cocky.
*Someone slapped me hard on the head.*
Yamato: ...Yeah, I'm calm now. Thanks.
Yamato: Now, an eye for an eye! (I headbutted the kid.)
Boy D: Yeouch! Y-You little!
*The second he turned aggressive, I kicked him off his feet.*
Yamato: Sorry. That was a preemptive strike.
Boy B: We'll rush you all at once!
Boy C: Naoe!
Boy E: Oraah!
Yamato: (Gh... I can't let myself be surrounded...)
*Nee-san had told me that a weak fighter shouldn't let himself get surrounded.*
Boy C: Wait!
*So I went up to the lead guy charging me and...*
Yamato: I'll send you flying!
Boy C: Gah!
Boy E: You prick... Gugh!
Shouichi: I come looking to see what's up around here, and I stumble onto a fight?
*A man arrived like the wind.*
Shouichi: Backup's here! No fair, Yamato -- you gotta save some for me!
Shouichi: I don't need much of a reason to take Yamato's side!
*With Capt here, with someone at my back, there was no way we could lose.*
*We defeated all five of them.*
Shouichi: Yay. I earned, what, maybe 12 experience points?
*He did a back handspring and struck a victory pose.*
Yamato: Miyako, wipe away your tears.
Miyako: ...Naoe-kun...
*I hugged her.*
Shouichi: Whoa?!
Yamato: I'm sorry, for all that I've done.
Yamato: But it'll be fine now. You'll have me.
Miyako: --! (Those words sounded like confession of love.)
Yamato: I won't let them bully you anymore!
Shouichi: Oh, that's what this's about? I was feeling kinda bad for her.
Yamato: Mind adding her to the Family?
Shouichi: I'm down with it.
Shouichi: I'm Kazama Shouichi, the free-living man! Nice to meet you!
*With that, he friendlily extended to her his hand.*
Shouichi: We gotta shake on it. Put 'er there!
Miyako: ...... (She was clearly astonished.)
Yamato: Now then, all that's left is to persuade them and clean things up.
*...But the day ended with much of that still unsettled.*
*The open field, our secret base.*
*I, Capt, Moro, Gakuto, Wanko, and Nee-san were there.*
*Everyone had gathered to hear my explanation.*
*Miyako was off in the distance, nervously watching us.*
Yamato: --That's everything about this incident.
Gakuto: I get it. That's why you're covered in scars.
Yamato: I decided to save Miyako, to make them pay for what they'd done.
Momoyo: Okay. ...So?
Yamato: It's simple. We just have the Family protect her.
Yamato: I want her to join our group!
Gakuto: Pah. You're kidding! There's no point in lettin' her in!
Gakuto: If she joins, what if they start sayin' stuff to Wanko?!
Momoyo: I think it's a good idea. I'll put stock in my lil' bro's spirit.
Gakuto: Sure, you'd get off easy because you're a year older!
Gakuto: But Yamato and I are in the same class as her!
Gakuto: This isn't a joke.
Yamato: All those muscles, Gakuto, and you're still a scaredy-cat?
Gakuto: Huh?! Who died and made you king of the Family?! You're the one who brought this fire to our doorstep!
Yamato: Didn't hearing what she went through make you feel anything?!
Gakuto: I mean, of course I'm pissed! But I'll pass on all the girls hatin' me.
Momoyo: ...You shouldn't worry about that. I don't think their opinion of you can get any worse.
Gakuto: Ahh! Don't say somethin' so awful!
Yamato: So, you're against adding Miyako?
Gakuto: Yeah. Heck, Yamato, you're the one who said it was her fault for bein' bullied in the first place!
Yamato: All I can tell you is that I've realized I was wrong.
Yamato: ...I'm done being a nihilist. That mindset won't fix anything.
Gakuto: Oh?
Yamato: So I'm asking you to forget about that.
Yamato: Who cares what the girls say? Who wants a girlfriend who'd hate you for protecting someone from bullying?
Gakuto: You're not gettin' it! I'd have less opportunities to even talk to girls!
Yamato: ...You seem kinda small to me, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Huh? If I'm small, then what's that make you?
Gakuto: You mess with me, and I will twist your arm until you give in, dammit!
Yamato: ...What did you just say?
Gakuto: Huh?!
Yamato: You think you can twist my arm?
Gakuto: Yeah, so what?
Yamato: Do I look that soft to you?
Gakuto: Yamato...?
Yamato: You can't make me back down. Don't underestimate me.
Gakuto: Fine! Let's go, dammit! Ouch!
Yamato: Early bird gets the worm, you idiot!
Takuya: They're going to fight? Here? What do we do?!
Momoyo: It's fine. Let them fight it out. Yamato's pissed.
Momoyo: Guess he can't stand being looked down on.
Shouichi: Yeah, 'cause he's got way more pride than you'd think.
Gakuto: I'll knock you out! Orah!
Yamato: Think you can hit me?! (Compared to Nee-san, your punches are slow as molasses!)
Gakuto: Tsk... You little!
*But no matter how well I could dodge...*
Gakuto: Yeah. Heh heh. I finally caught you.
*I would eventually slip up, and then the size difference would be too much to overcome.*
Gakuto: Take this! Pro wrestlin' technique: POWER SLAM!
Yamato: Gah!
Gakuto: Aw yeah! I am your champiyeeoucch!
Gakuto: Gh! Gah, you bit me!
Yamato: All's fair in love and war! *Kick!*
Gakuto: Ouch! You... little...
Gakuto: Stop bein' so damn full of yourself! (He ran and clotheslined me.)
Yamato: Ugh?!
Takuya: Awww, Yamato's getting torn to bits.
Momoyo: But even so, he hasn't cried uncle.
Miyako: --!
*Miyako ran towards Gakuto, trying to stop him.*
Momoyo: Stop! Don't get involved. They need this fight.
Miyako: ...Ooh.
Momoyo: If anyone tries to get in their way, I'll stop them.
*...Dozens of minutes later.*
Gakuto: Y-You're still on your damn feet...? Huff, huff.
Yamato: Huff, huff... Of course I can. I'll bite off your nose.
Gakuto: ...Huff, huff... Really? Fine.
Gakuto: ...I was wrong... That's what you wanna hear?
Yamato: Oh... Hmph. So long as you understand.
Yamato: Listen up, Gakuto. In terms of sheer strength, your power is absolute.
Yamato: But even so, if you think I'm a pushover... You're really going to piss me off.
Gakuto: I said I was wrong! Let it end!
Yamato: So long as you understand. Just so long as you... *Thud!*
Momoyo: Hm, you sure are stubborn. I should give you some first-aid.
Yamato: Gaaah! That stings!
*Nee-san grinned as she sadistically gave me first aid.*
Takuya: By the way, I support letting Miyako join.
Gakuto: Huh? You're with him too? Seriously?
Takuya: I mean, it sounds like everyone went way too far!
Takuya: It makes me sick... So I want to save her!
Miyako: ......
Takuya: N-Not that I'm trying to sound cool or anything, haha...
Momoyo: Look at you blush, you little rascal.
Takuya: What do you think, Wanko?
Kazuko: I'm 'kay with it! And if this stops the bullying, then that's perfect.
Gakuto: Hey, hey, Wanko, are you fully prepared?
Kazuko: Yeah. I could never do this on my own...
Kazuko: But with all of us together, we can stop the bullying!
Gakuto: Wanko...
Kazuko: So I'll do my best too!
Shouichi: That's the spirit. There's nothin' the Kazama Family can't do.
Yamato: What sort of hero can't save one girl, am I right?
Yamato: I want to save Miyako. Gakuto, please help.
Yamato: Make me a man who can save the people he sets out to save.
Momoyo: Those sincere words came from your heart...
Momoyo: I'll lend you my strength. Just leave it to your big sis!
Gakuto: ...Tch. I get it. I get it already!
Gakuto: But if the ladies start to hate me, Wanko, you'd better set me up on a blind date.
Momoyo: Um, you remember the part where we told you you've never been popular?
Yamato: You heard them, Miyako.
Yamato: From now on, let's all play together.
Miyako: ...Are you sure?
Takuya: Didn't you help us protect the agave?
Kazuko: Nice to meet you, Miyako! I'm Okamoto Kazuko, from the neighboring class!
Momoyo: Kawakami Momoyo. If anyone tries to start something, come talk to me.
Miyako: ...Th...
Miyako: ...Thank you... Thank... you...
Miyako: I'm... Miyako. Shiina... Miyako...
Shouichi: Sweet! Now we're friends for real!
Momoyo: Yamato! You've said you'll save the people you want to save. You know what comes next, right?
Yamato: Yeah!
Momoyo: Great. Sounds good, lil' bro. You're being pretty cool.
*Little by little, I healed the scars on Miyako's heart.*
*And so I saved her in the truest sense of the word.*
*Because of that, I felt I was able to say goodbye to the part of me who'd chosen to ignore her bullying.*
*And so Shiina Miyako joined the Kazama Family.*
*There were large benefits to her joining the Family.*
*For if nothing else, she now had the overwhelming threat that was Kawakami Momoyo at her back.*
*She could count among her friends the popular Kazama, the brilliant Naoe, and the off-the-charts strong Shimazu.*
*Though others still tended to ignore her, we put a stop to the malicious bullying.*
*The world of children could be cruel, yet simple.*
Yamato: But that's not enough.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
Yamato: From now on, make sure to say hello to everyone.
Yamato: It's important to be exact with that sort of thing.
Miyako: ...Okay.
Yamato: Part of why you were bullied was that people couldn't tell what you were thinking. You have to socialize.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
*Little by little, I reformed Miyako herself.*
*And I made up with the people I fought.*
*Thus, I gradually forced Miyako to adapt to daily life.*
*As for the Get Shiina Miyako to Commit Suicide Club, we disbanded it.*
*Some days later, our teacher learned of the club.*
Teacher: I'm sure they're just playing and didn't mean anything that they said. Let's make sure this sort of misunderstanding never happens again.
*His words were slick and slimy.*
Yamato: There's this teacher who...
Yamato's Father: A 'misunderstanding' to 'never happen again'? Heh heh heh. You poor kids.
Yamato's Father: That's just incompetence. Some of the blame for what happens in the classroom falls on him.
*Groups of people are tricky things.*
*The powerful would search for the next target to bully.*
*But on occasion, the powerful would be picked on themselves.*
*No one could afford to show weakness in our elementary school.*
*Looking back, I was thankful for that time.*
*In particular, it's what led me to meet Miyako.*
*She was sharp and could read others feelings. I never minded being with her.*
Yamato: I think you're amazing, truly.
Miyako: ...Why?
Yamato: I mean, even after everything that was said to you, after all the bullying, you kept coming to school.
Yamato: And because of that, you met us...
Yamato: So you didn't lose to the bullies. You won.
Miyako: You're wrong... I just didn't want to be at home.
Miyako: Whenever she, my mother, came home, my heart would sink as low as it could go.
Yamato: Even so, everything turned out fine. (I patted her head.)
Miyako: Ooh.
*She spoke to everyone of her home circumstances.*
Momoyo: Oh, so that's how the bullying got started.
*All because her mother was a whore.*
Shouichi: I love both of my folks, but I guess not everyone's so lucky.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Shouichi: But even so, you're parents don't have nothing to do with you. It's nothing to worry about.
Miyako: --!
*That one sentence settled things so easily.*
*We healed Miyako's emotional trauma, little by little.*
Miyako: ...Huff, huff...
Yamato: What's wrong?
Miyako: ...I just remembered how they told me, back then, that my life had no meaning.
Miyako: Sometimes I still worry that... Maybe they were right.
Yamato: Without you, life goes on, but I'm gone 'cause I die, without you.
Yamato: So you never have to worry about that. *hug*
Miyako: Ooh...
*...And on another day.*
Yamato: Everyone's left... Is it hard to go home?
Miyako: ...Mm-hm...
Miyako: The more fun I have here, the more depressed I get...
Yamato: Then I'll walk you home.
*It was dusk. Our shadows trailed before us as we walked home.*
Miyako: Yamato... You're so nice... I'm glad I have you.
Yamato: It's nothing. (I stroked her hair.)
Miyako: Hawhoo...
*We spent a year like this.*
*And then what happened?*
Miyako: Yamato...
Yamato: What?
Miyako: I like you. (Heart.)
*That happened.*
*...............*
*............*
Yamato: Oh... It's already light out.
*We'd chosen to just skip school so we could keep fooling around.*
*Miyako had passed out from the height of her joy.*
*Her body had still responded, so I'd continued to make love to her, but even I was spent after the 33rd time.*
Yamato: Man... People... Can do anything if they put their minds to it.
*She had a distant look.*
Miyako: ...Yamato... We're... Dating, right?
*She walked up and embraced me.*
Yamato: Yes, Miyako. This isn't a dream.
Miyako: I'm so happy... but so tired...
Yamato: For now, let's take a bath, eat some food...
Miyako: ...Mm-hm... Let's get some nutrition.
*--Later, before dusk.*
Miyako: I've completely recovered!
Yamato: As have I! Man, food is awesome!
Miyako: Now, for sex!
Yamato: Please calm down, Miyako-san.
Miyako: I lost consciousness partway through... Ooh. That was unfair, Yamato.
Yamato: I definitely came too many times yesterday. My batteries are dead.
Miyako: I'll fix that. (She pulled down her pants.)
Yamato: Oh, nice panties... That works.
Yamato: If you do exactly as I say, Miyako...
Miyako: You'll be good to go?
Yamato: The Battleship Yamato's main cannon will be back online.
Miyako: Then what's next?
Yamato: If we start with some situational foreplay...
Miyako: Roger!
Yamato: For now, put on your gym clothes.
Miyako: You're compelling me to cosplay. That's...
Miyako: So wonderful!
Yamato: Right? Give me a second. I once spent four hours writing up a script for what I dreamed of roleplaying with a future lover.
Miyako: Wonderful!
Miyako: By the way, what gym clothes do you want me to wear? A tracksuit?
Yamato: A gym uniform without bloomers is like that live-action Dragonboos movie made by an overseas studio.
Miyako: Understood. Okay, there we go.
Miyako: I've equipped my bloomers. Defense down, agility up.
Yamato: You've got games on your mind. Okay, exercise for me.
Miyako: Huh? You want me to exercise?
Yamato: I'll attack you when you're covered in sweat from exercising.
Miyako: So you're the aggressor.
Miyako: That, too, is wonderful.
Yamato: Yes. Here's the script. You're the senpai I adore.
Yamato: Unable to hold myself back any longer, I suddenly assault you.
*While Miyako was reading the script, I texted everyone to announce our relationship.*
Miyako: Okay, I've memorized the script.
Miyako: But let's change my line here from 'Give me your semen' to 'Cover me with your dick milk!'
Yamato: An excellent improvement. (Ouch! Is my writing that bad?)
*And so we brought my script to life.*
Miyako: ...And done! Was that exercise good enough?
Yamato: You're reasonably sweaty, but I want more.
Miyako: If that isn't enough, then I'll start high-speed push-ups! 1-2-3-4!
Yamato: Build up the sweat in your armpits. In the script, you get embarrassed when you notice that I am smelling it.
Miyako: ...Huff, huff, huff, phew. I've worked up a good sweat!
Yamato: You're in perfect condition. Time to start the play!
Yamato: Miyako-senpai, I-I can't wait any longer!
Miyako: Uh, what? No, Yamato-kun, this isn't who you are.
Yamato: I'm just another victim caught in the draw of your bloomers!
Miyako: Stop! I have a boyfriend -- Terry-kun, the Japanese-American!
Yamato: I'll make you forget all about Terry!
Momoyo: ...Ah, I stopped by to hang out and just look at them...
Momoyo: Too in love to even notice I'm here.
Yamato: Miyako-senpai, ain't it feelin' good?
Momoyo: ...Maybe I'll stay and watch the show.
Miyako: Ah, no. Don't lick me through my clothes!
Yamato: Senpai, your armpits! Long have I adored them. Every day after practice you would smell like that, and every time it would feel giddy...
Momoyo: ...Hm? Kind of a creeper vibe going on here.
Momoyo: I guess I should interrupt their little game. before it gets weirder. *Whap!*
Yamato: Gwah!
Miyako: Aww, and being watched was really turning me on too.
Momoyo: You noticed? Figures you'd exceed my expectations.
Momoyo: Look, Miyako, I understand how you feel, but show some restraint.
Miyako: Momo-senpai... Yamato was amazing all night long.
Momoyo: ...Hmm. You?
Yamato: I mean... (I could feel my cheeks turning red.)
Momoyo: What're you blushing for, lil' bro? *Kick!*
Yamato: Hagah!
*--That night.*
Miyako: -
*Miyako sat on my lap and cuddled with me.*
*We were relaxing as we watched TV.*
Reporter Yukihiro: So then, Ageha-sama, if you would comment on the world champions!
Ageha: Mwahaha! Very well. We shall explain!
Reporter Yukihiro: As a former resident of the martial arts world, you are of course a foremost expert in the subject.
*They were doing a feature on martial arts.*
Ageha: We must begin our talk of modern-day martial arts celebrities with the American Caracal Gail.
Ageha: Then there is Misuma, the oil magnate and warrior from the Middle East. And the biggest man in the world, Sergei of Russia.
Reporter Yukihiro: I'm sure many of our listeners recognized those names.
Ageha: Finally, there's Argentina's Messi, the Sun-Child.
Ageha: Of all the ones We named, Messi is likely the strongest.
Reporter Yukihiro: And how do our warriors, the samurai of Japan, compare to these fighters?
Ageha: They are like ants before Japan!
Ageha: We have the Kawakami Temple, along with the Big Four.
Ageha: The aforementioned warriors are a poor match for Us and the rest of the Big Four.
Ageha: However! Do not forget that We are exceptionally familiar with Japan.
Ageha: The world is vast! Who knows what talent still rests undiscovered out there.
Ageha: To say nothing of talent in Japan itself.
Announcer: Would you mind talking to us about the international fighting tournament known as KoS?
Ageha: KoS, or King of Soldiers, is a tournament that unearths the diamonds from the rough. All are free to participate...
Ageha: The martial arts on display shall be a feast for the eyes.
Announcer: Why did you cancel this year's exhibition?
Ageha: We could not make Our schedule work with the event.
Yamato: Hmm. Did you recognize any of these world champions?
Miyako: Not interested. Right now, I have eyes only for you. *kiss*
*Miyako happily snuggled up to me.*
Announcer: Thank you, Yukihiro. The Prime Minister is planning a summit with the visiting President somewhere in the Kanto region in order to discuss...
*I gently hugged her back.*
*I was happy that she had eyes only for me...*
Miyako: Yamato... Yamato... (She snuggled up closer.)
*But it also left me a little scared.*
*Well, our lives were full of bliss, so who cared?!*
*--Morning, Kumagai Mitsuru's residence.*
Mitsuru: Wh-What have I done...? I never meant for this to happen, and yet...
Mitsuru: I've created a terrifying recipe!
Mitsuru: ...I wonder if everyone would enjoy it... I'll ask.
*--Kawakami Academy, during swimming class.*
Chris's Father: Oh... So this is a Japanese swim class.
Tesshin: Indeed. This is the secret to my long life.
Tesshin: Just watching them is enough to absorb their youthful energy!
Prime Minister: Dammit, old man, oughta lock you up and throw away the key.
Prime Minister: Guy's lookin' for a nice, calming place to entertain foreign dignitaries, and you suggest the school?!
President: Wow. The second girl from the left -- I'd give her a night to remember.
President: Japanese beauties are just the best, you know? I love those Yamato Nadeshiko types.
Tesshin: But she doesn't even compare to the one in the front. Now that girl's a feast for the eyes.
President: Kawakami's an awesome town -- you're just the greatest.
Tesshin: Ho ho ho. Tonight, I'll have to show you a real sword fight.
President: Oh! Let's Bushido! A dance with slicing and dicing!
Prime Minister: For goodness' sake, if the opposition finds out about this... Be handing them a gift.
Tesshin: C'mon, what's wrong with a little looking?
Prime Minister: 'Prime Minister Ogles School Swimsuits' is one headline I never wanna see.
Tesshin: You're letting yourself get too worked up over all these scandals.
Tesshin: Put up results, and even if there's mumbles and grumbles over something stupid, the people will follow you.
Prime Minister: This ain't my first rodeo...
Prime Minister: But gotta be at least a little over-concerned.
Tesshin: I don't envy you.
Chris's Father: Chris' beauty truly is extraordinary.
Chris's Father: She shines brighter than anyone else here!
President: Oh, that girl I like's flirting with another boy. Should be me. She'd like me more. Hate watching a beauty waste herself like that.
Tesshin: Those two only just started going out.
President: Man, being young? It's great. Good thing I'm eternally young. Well, let's get to those talks.
*--In the hallway.*
Ikurou: Shiina and Yamato need to get a fucking room.
Gakuto: Yamato's goin' to be all over Miyako for the next few days.
Takuya: But I'm glad Miyako seems so happy.
Gakuto: A gap's formed between the likes of me and Yamato and the likes of you and Yonpachi.
Takuya: Kh!
Gakuto: We have girlfriends, and you don't!
Gakuto: We're even-numbered groups at Christmas, while you're odd. I could laugh for days!
Takuya: You're acting like you climbed Mt. Everest! It's pissing me off!
Jun: Is this the grounds excited with youth and sex?
Ikurou: Where'd you pop out from? Don't you have your own friends?
Jun: When tests are coming up, everyone in my class is on pins and needles.
Ikurou: I get you. Must be rough, being a lolicon.
Jun: It's a rough world to live in these days. Please gods, let me be a preschool teacher.
Jun: The stated reason is because I like children.
Ikurou: No matter how soft you try to make your eyes look, you'll still sound suspicious.
Takuya: Don't the people of class S think you're disgusting when you say things like that?
Jun: The people there are, you know. Very quirky.
Takuya: Oh, yeah, I guess they are.
Jun: But on that note, Gakuto, what's with all the fresh bruises?
Gakuto: Love can hurt... My girlfriend is a hard S.
Jun: Seriously? Candles seem a little too hot for me.
Gakuto: Not too long ago, she took me to a love hotel.
Jun: Damn. Did you take her hard?
Gakuto: Nah... She said this.
Ami: Did you think I would do something for you?
Ami: You're not worth the effort! Now sit!
Gakuto: Then we played a game where she left me there!
Takuya: You sure you're dating and not something else?
Ikurou: Then Gakuto, you haven't had your manhood ceremony with that hard S chick?
Gakuto: In reality, not yet. I'll text you when we do.
Ikurou: The heck? I mean, just do her already.
Gakuto: I don't get why, but when I try to put the moves on her, she twirls out of the way.
Gakuto: She's too light on her feet to be an amateur.
Gakuto: But the hope, the dream that someday it might happen make me want to stay her dog.
Ikurou: There goes your pride as a man... But I'll still cheer you on.
Jun: I get it. It's right before summer, so everyone's making their moves.
Jun: Then maybe I should finally confess to your Class Rep.
Takuya: Well that's a bombshell.
Jun: I'm serious. My heart is filled with a deep darkness.
Jun: I need the smile of a tiny girl!
Takuya: Again with your BS... Don't come crying to us when it backfires.
Jun: Leave it to me. Strike! Drive! Valor!
Jun: Class Rep, I have something totally important to say.
Mayo: Yes, what is it?
Jun: Please, from now on, call me Onii-chan!
Ikurou: Is that what counts for a confession for lolicons? ...What an abysmal display.
Mayo: ... *smile*
*Our class rep smiled sheepishly.*
Jun: --! (That's it. She's completely fallen for me. I want to hear her say 'Onii-chan, it's bitter' or 'Onii-chan, it's so big'.)
Mayo: I don't really understand what's going on, so no thank you.
Ikurou: Oh, Suguru? It's me. A pervert just got shot down and things are gonna get hilarious. Get here quick!
Mayo: Uh, umm, err, please don't be sad.
Mayo: Here, have a caramel!
Ikurou: And so the loser returns.
Jun: ...What a salty caramel. *sniff*
Takuya: It's salty with the tears of youth. Come up with a better plan next time.
Jun: When confessing, one should adapt to the moment.
Ikurou: Maybe one should figure out how to succeed first.
Chika: What did you boys say to Mayo?
Takuya: Nothing, really. He said a few words to her and that's all.
Chika: Really? Because she is so lost and confused.
Takuya: It's fine. There's nothing to worry about.
Chika: ...Morooka-kun, you're so calming.
Takuya: Huh?
Chika: It's like, you're always thinking about how everyone else feels.
Takuya: (W-Wait, does this mean she has a thing for me?)
Chika: Well, it's not like I like you or anything, but I appreciate it. That's all.
Takuya: ...You could've let me hope.
Mitsuru: Oh, so here's where all the unpopular boys are.
Gakuto: Not all of us are unpopular. Let's get that straight, my man.
Ikurou: What's going on? Why kick us when we're down?
Mitsuru: Sorry, sorry. I just got excited. Mind coming with me for a bit?
Suguru: I have arrived. Nothing makes lunch taste better than a mocking view of a man humiliated by the object of his desire.
Mitsuru: Perfect timing. You come too, Oogushi-kun.
*--At the school entrance.*
Mitsuru: I don't think there's many people here.
Ikurou: What is it? I dream of girls pulling me aside, not guys.
Mitsuru: You see, I don't just eat food -- I cook too.
Mitsuru: And as I've learned, I've come up with a bunch of recipes.
Mitsuru: These herbal rice balls are one of those creations.
Mitsuru: The short version is, if you eat these, you'll become popular with the ladies.
Jun: What, you're trying to get our money? You can't fool us that easily.
Ikurou: Nah, Kuma-chan's not like that.
Takuya: Yeah. Kuma-chan wouldn't lie to us.
Mitsuru: I think it's the result of all the herbs mixed together.
Mitsuru: You know, I get the feeling that using this is like making a deal with the devil if that's the only way girls are ever attracted to us.
Mitsuru: Is that what you want? Maybe that'll make you happy but I feel like it's a huge mistake.
Gakuto: Bro, we're perverts. Of course we want this!
Gakuto: But I have a girlfriend... I just can't!!!
Takuya: Whoa, Gakuto, I'm so proud of you! I didn't think you were capable of that!
Ikurou: I'll eat some. I'd do it even if I had a girlfriend. *om nom nom...* Whoa!
Jun: Mn. Even if they are ineffective, they still tastes pretty good.
Takuya: Well, it'd be rude to refuse. *om nom*
Mitsuru: The effect starts almost immediately and lasts for thirty minutes.
Takuya: How'd you verify that?
Mitsuru: With the old ladies living in my neighborhood.
Jun: Hey, hey... This isn't an old hag magnet, right? They're not what I'm into. Their wrinkled bodies would wither my dreams.
Mitsuru: No, I believe age is irrelevant.
Jun: Really? I want a young high-spirited girl. No disgusting old hags.
Gakuto: Jeez, Baldie. If you're just goin' to complain, then don't eat it.
Takuya: ...Inoue-kun, let's say you enter into a relationship with a loli.
Jun: A dreamlike hypothetical. I can see it now.
Takuya: Once she got older, what would you do?
Jun: By that time, we will have had a daughter together... You know how it goes from there.
Takuya: No, I don't! And you can't be sure you'll have a daughter!
Ikurou: Oh, speak of the devil. Here's the Class Rep.
Jun: Leave this to me, the third-class bookkeeper! Hi, Class Rep!
Mayo: Oh, Inoue-chan... What is it this... time...?
Mayo: Uh... Huh? What's... going on with me?
Mayo: You look so cool, Inoue-chan...
Jun: Shit. My brave new world's already at my doorstep.
Ikurou: How do you feel right now?
Jun: I think I just came.
Ikurou: All right, it works! My turn!
Chika: Hmm? What is it, Monkey?
Ikurou: Are you sure you should talk like that to your prince charming?
Chika: Huh?! What are you... say... ing? Huh?
Chika: Oh, Monkey! When did you get to be so cool?
Ikurou: Heh heh. Come a little closer.
Ikurou: (This is my chance to do whatever I want!)
Takuya: Looks like everyone got the girl they wanted.
Takuya: But... For me, it's too...
Haguro: Yo. Why so down, Morooka?!
Takuya: C-Could this mean...?!
Haguro: ...Huh? Damn, you hot! I'm gonna get knocked up just looking at you.
Haguro: Shit, this totally feels like destiny. Come here.
Takuya: N-No, I'll pass!
Haguro: Quit blushin'. I won't laugh if you're still a virgin.
Haguro: Wanna go into the back? I'll show you some nighttime pro wrestling techniques!
Takuya: Gakuto, help!
Gakuto: I know you can overcome this challenge on your own. I believe in you!
Takuya: So you're abandoning me?!: W-Waaahh!
Mitsuru: I'm so glad everyone's enjoying it.
Mitsuru: But it does only last for thirty minutes...
Mitsuru: ...Ah!
*Mitsuru had forgotten that the effectiveness varies from person to person.*
*--In an empty classroom.*
Ikurou: Okay, here's the spot. Huff, huff...
Chika: Aww, you took me here? Somebody's got something in mind.
Ikurou: Yeah, something nasty... Let's start by getting naked!
Chika: Heh heh... Hm? Huh? What?
Ikurou: If you won't take them off, I will!
Chika: What are you saying? Seriously, you're such a disgusting monkey! *Kick!*
Ikurou: Gah! Wh-What?!
Chika: What am I even doing here? What's wrong with me?
Ikurou: Gh... What the hell? I should have over 20 minutes left.
*--In the hallway.*
Mayo: Oh, I have to go shopping for dinner! So take care!
Jun: Huh? Wait, why'd you run off? Hey!
Takuya: Huff, huff... Thank goodness the effect ended so quickly.
Takuya: But still... My body is worn out.
*--At the school entrance.*
Gakuto: So Moro wound up with a slight fever. He's resting now.
Mitsuru: I see. Well, I'm glad it's not serious.
Mitsuru: But I never imagined certain people would have side effects.
Mitsuru: This recipe is too dangerous. I'll seal it away.
Ikurou: Wait! I don't care about the risks! It's the gateway to my dreams!
Jun: If you can make the effect last longer...
Mitsuru: Cooking unsafe food is sacrilege!
Mitsuru: So... I'm sorry, everyone!
Ikurou: Ooh... What even came of this?
Gakuto: Oh well. Life is full of ups and downs. This is just one of the downs.
Ikurou: Dammit! Not all of us have it as easy as you!
Ikurou: Must be nice, having a girlfriend. Right about now, I bet Yamato's...
Yamato: Let's do it here.
Miyako: Want me to do you?
Yamato: I want you to feel good too.
Miyako: Yamato... You're so nice.
Yamato: And I have to savor your school swimsuit.
Miyako: Yamato... You're so wonderful.
*I stretched out on the poolside.*
Miyako: Mn... So, like this?
*We lied down in a 69 position.*
*When she got down on all fours, her lower body settled right in front of my eyes.*
Yamato: Yes, this view is wonderful.
Miyako: Really? Heh heh... (She shook her butt.)
Yamato: Put that ass of yours in my face.
Miyako: Okay
Yamato: Then I want you to move it.
Miyako: Mn...
*Her voluptuous ass started a pressure party up in my face.*
Miyako: With most girls, asking them to rub their school swimsuit-clad butt over your face wouldn't end well.
Miyako: But I thought, that sounds wonderful.
*I could speak my desires to Miyako and know she would never be disgusted.*
Yamato: Mn, gasp, that's one of the best things about you.
Yamato: ...This time, I'm going to lick you up too...
*She moved her nether regions right in front of my eyes.*
Miyako: Yamato, yours is already full of energy.
*She had removed my penis from my swim trunks.*
Miyako: *kiss*... I'll work hard today too.
*And then she placed her lips on the familiar spot on my dick.*
Miyako: *lick*... *suck*...
*The tip of my dick twitched in response to her tongue's movements.*
Miyako: *slurp* *kiss*... Mnah... *lick* *lick* You look so cute right now... *lick*
*She lightly licked all around the glans with her tongue.*
Miyako: ...Mna... *suck* *kiss*... *kiss*... *lick*...
Yamato: I'm loving you giving me head here too.
Miyako: I'll make you feel even better... *suck* *lick* *slurp* *suck* *kiss* Mnhah...
Miyako: *kiss* *lick* *suck* I'm licking you at school. You're pretty good, too... *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. This feels so incredible, Miyako...
Miyako: Mnah, ah... *slurp* *kiss* *kiss* Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* Yamato, I want you to... umm... ...lick me too...
Yamato: Okay. But I'm cumming once first.
Miyako: Mmm. *suck* *slurp*... *kiss* Mm... *lick*
*Her tongue crawled over every inch of me, from my urethra to my veins.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... *kiss* Mm... *kiss* *smack* Nmm...
Yamato: You've gotten so good at this so fast...
*She diligently licked my weak points with her wet, lukewarm tongue.*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss* Mn... ha... Mnah... Ah...
Miyako: Yours is so wet... I'm so happy... Mnnn... *kiss* *lick* *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. It's because your mouth feels so good... Drink it up.
Miyako: You don't even have to ask... *slurp* *lick* *suck*... *kiss* *slurp*... *slurrp*... *gulp*
Miyako: It tastes so good... *lick* *slurp*... *gulp*
*Miyako happily licked me with her tongue and tasted my flavor.*
Miyako: *smack* *smack* Mmn, now that I've done yours... It makes me want you to lick mine even more...
Miyako: I'll make you cum. Aaahmph... Hammp...
Yamato: Owah... You put it in your mouth.
*A sticky sensation enveloped my entire penis.*
*My penis, dripping with precum in her mouth, met her tongue.*
Miyako: Mn... *smack* Mmm... *kiss* *slurp*...
Miyako: Ammph... *kiss* *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss*...
*She used her mouth to suck and squeeze my penis.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* ...*slurp* *suck*... Mn... mn... *slurp*... *kiss*
Miyako: Heh, heh... *lick* *kiss* *lick* *lick* Mn mm. *slurp*... *slurrrp*...
Yamato: Y-You're making me cum... A lot faster than I expected...
Miyako: *gasp* Hm... Give me your milk... *slurp* *suck*
*Her tongue's dance caused a sweet numbness to spread through to my hips.*
Miyako: Mnnnn... Nmm... *slurp* *slurp* *suck* *lick* *lick* *lick*... *kiss*...
*She moved as if she wanted nothing but to suck it all out.*
Miyako: *slurrrrrp*... *kiss* *smack*... *lick* *kiss*
Yamato: Yes, Miyako... I'm about to...
Miyako: *gasp* Yes, Yamato, cum... Hmph... *lick* *lick* *splash* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *lick* *slurp*
Yamato: Kh...
Miyako: Mmn... *kiss* *slurp*... *lick* *kiss*
*She sucked away, my rod fully in her mouth.*
Miyako: *kiss*... *smack*... *kiss* Mmn... *kiss* *kiss*... *slurp* *slurp*... *suck*
Yamato: Kh, Miyako, I'm cumming!
*Spurt! Sp-Sp-Spurt!*
Miyako: Mn, mnnnnnnnnn! Mnkh, mnnn.
*My vigorous ejaculation began deep in her throat.*
Miyako: Mn, mn... Mnkh... *gulp* *gulp*...
*She swallowed it all, an act she seemed to enjoy from the bottom of her heart.*
*Spurt... Spurt... Spurt...*
Miyako: Mnhah... Mnn... *gulp* Mm, heh... *gulp*
*Her slit twitched with every swallow.*
Miyako: *gulp* ... *slurp*... *gulp* Mn... *gulp*...
*I gazed at her holes as I let out the very last drop.*
Miyako: Pwah, yours is so thick... And hot...
Yamato: You fully drank it all... Thank you, Miyako.
Miyako: I think I could get addicted to your syrupy milk.
Yamato: Then you should drink even more.
*My penis did not wither, but instead remained erect.*
Miyako: ...This always happens, but it's still amazing.
Miyako: It's not that you recovered, but rather that you never grew weak.
Miyako: It's just too wonderful... Time for seconds. Amph.
*Then she opened her mouth and swallowed my penis.*
Miyako: Hauun... Mn, ts, mm... *kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: Mn... Me too.
*I fondled her ass as if wanting to take it all in.*
Miyako: Mnoooh... *kiss*... Zz...
*As she swallowed my penis to the hilt, this time, her lips surrounded my rod and she moved her head.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... Mnfh...
*When her lips reached my glans, she next licked me with her tongue.*
Miyako: *slurp* *lick* *smack* *lick* *lick* I've sucked out the remaining drops from before...
Miyako: *lick* *kiss* *lick*... *lick* *lick* *kiss*
*The sound of her licking me reverberated across the poolside.*
Miyako: Mn, aheh, ooh... Ngh... Mn... *slurp*
*This time, she deep-throated my still-twitching dick.*
Yamato: This time, take it slowly... And as promised, I'll do it too.
*I yanked her swimsuit aside and stuck my tongue into her slit.*
*The chlorine and her natural fragrance had combined into something sweet.*
Miyako: Haauu... Mnah... Ahhhh, ahhh, Yamato, your tongue is so hot... Mmmm!
Yamato: Now you're a little wetter.
Miyako: Ahh, mn, but when I lick yours, I absolutely get wet... Mnah, ahh, kh, mn.
*Savoring her slit, I advanced my tongue further.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... Ahhh, Yamato...
*My saliva-covered tongue peeled off the hood of the clitoris.*
*Then I firmly rolled the base of my wet tongue around there.*
Miyako: Haaah, Yamato... Yes... It feels so good... Mn.
Yamato: Pwah. Miyako, you have to lick me too.
*I swirled my tongue around the voluptuous membranes of her slit.*
Miyako: Hah, m-mm-hm... Kh, heh, mn... *lick*...
Miyako: *slurp* ...Huff... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss*...
*We enthusiastically licked each other's genitalia at the side of the pool.*
Miyako: Mnheh... *lick*... *suck, suck, lick*...
*I crawled my tongue over her clitoris, which was erect as it could get.*
Miyako: Aaaaah, nts... !... Kh, Yamato!
Yamato: Miyako, you're amazingly wet...
Miyako: But Yamato, even you're... *lick* *lick* *lick*
*Once again she sucked out my precum.*
Miyako: *suck* This is where... you make your milk...
*She lightly grasped my balls and stimulated them.*
Miyako: *slurp, slurp, suck* *slurrrrrp*
*As she mildly stroked my balls, she licked my rod.*
Yamato: Khh... Nice, Miyako. Then I'll go here.
*I started toying with Miyako's asshole.*
Miyako: Ah, Y-Yamato, that's!
Yamato: *lick, lick.*
Miyako: Ahhh, you're licking my ass...
Yamato: It's so cute when you twitch. *lick, 'ick.*
*My tongue, fully loaded with saliva, began to all but scrub her asshole and each of the surrounding creases.*
Miyako: Hauu... Mmn... *kiss*... *lick*... *splash*
*As I toyed with her backside, Miyako moved her tongue.*
Miyako: ...Mmn... *smack*... *lick*... Nmm... *slurp*
*I narrowed my tongue and stuck it down her anus.*
Miyako: Mmn! ...Mnfh... your tongue's in my ass...
*I flicked the tip of my tongue about her butthole.*
Miyako: Hah... Ah... I can't lose, either. Amph...
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*...
*The glans of my dick fit snugly into her mouth, and then her tongue extended towards my urethra.*
Miyako: Mn... Nkh... *kiss*... Mnn...
*Both of us grew more and more intense.*
Miyako: Hamph... Mn... *kiss*... Mnooh...
*Now that her ass was relaxed, I stuck a finger down her backdoor.*
Miyako: ......!!! *kiss* *slurp*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss*... Mnheh... *slurp*
*As I fingered her asshole, I tongued her clitoris.*
Miyako: Haahn! ...Huff... Nkh... Nmm...
Miyako: Yamato... If you lick me while doing that, I'll...
Miyako: Mnn! Ah! Aahh...
*A shudder rocked her body.*
Miyako: J-Just me cumming... Wouldn't be fair... Yamato, you have to too... Hamph.
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* *lick, slurrrp* *suck, slurp* *suck*... *splash* *slurp*... *suck, lick*
*Miyako's tremendous suction force brought me straight to my peak.*
Miyako: Ah, mn... Mnn... *slurp* *slurp*... *kiss*... *splash* *slurrrp*
Miyako: *kiss* *slurp* *splash* *slurp* Ah... Hamph... Hmm... *slurp*
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Ngh! Mn!! Mn! Mn!
*She drank the semen I ejaculated into her mouth.*
Miyako: Mn... Nkh... NKH...
Miyako: ...Hah... Yamato... It's your second time cumming, but you came so much.
Miyako: Let me drink... Everything that's left, too.
Yamato: Miyako... Mn, ah!
*Her tongue assaulted my glans, which was sensitive after having just came.*
Miyako: Hamph, mn... Mn... *lick*... *kiss*...
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* *slurp*... Nkh... *gulp*
*As she massaged my balls, she sucked the remaining semen out of my urethra.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... Zz... *suck*...
Miyako: Nmm... Nfh...! *kiss* ...Nfh.
Yamato: Huh? I'm going to cum again?!
Miyako: Huh? Wah!
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Aaaaaah... Amazing.
*A spray of semen hit her face.*
Miyako: Haah... Ah.
*She looked enraptured as the droplets hit.*
Miyako: I'm drinking all of this, too... *suck* *gulp*
*And so she herself drank the semen on her face.*
*Cleaned off every drop.*
Miyako: ...I drank so much of your spunk, Yamato...
Miyako: My tummy feels so... Warm.
Yamato: My penis is still as lively as ever.
Miyako: Amazing... How much of a lecher are you?
*Her smile belied her words.*
Yamato: You're one too. I'll fully stick it in you and make you fell good.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Let's do it, together.
Yamato: There's a romantic position I've wanted to try.
Miyako: Okay. Then let's do that.
*.........*
Miyako: Haah... Ah, aaaah, th-this position is...
Miyako: Sheesh. What's romantic about this?
*She flapped her feet.*
Miyako: Wait. But if I think about the right way, maybe it is romantic.
Yamato: I'd expect no less, Miyako. You're already accepting this position.
Yamato: I'm decently strong. I've done a fair bit of training, after all.
*With those words, I moved Miyako's body.*
*That was enough to cause my penis to move through her.*
Miyako: Ahh... Kh, mn... Ahh, Yamato.
Yamato: Well? This must be embarrassing.
*I moved my hips, piercing deep into Miyako.*
Miyako: Aheh... Mn, aaahh... I'm so embarrassed...
*And yet, her inner walls happily squeezed me.*
*I began pistoning, as if to shake her body.*
Miyako: It's embarrassing, but it feels so good... Aah.
Yamato: So you really are perverted. Take this. And this!
*I roughly banged my hips.*
Miyako: Ahah... You're fucking me on the side of the pool.
Miyako: My 138th dream has come true... Mnah... Hah.
Yamato: What... Did you say?
*Damn. I was too scared to ask how many dreams she had in all.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, Yamato, move...
*Her insides squeezed me tight.*
Yamato: O-Okay.
*Her mucous membranes urging me on, I resumed moving.*
Miyako: Hah! Ah, aah... Ahh.
Yamato: I'm going to go all the way in.
*I lowered her body and deepened our connection.*
Miyako: Ah, you're pressing against the entrance to my womb...
*Her body twitched and convulsed.*
Yamato: To think just a school swimsuit could be this arousing.
Miyako: Mn, hah, that's just because you're weird, mn...
Yamato: What? Says the girl who's incredibly wet from doing it like this.
*The love juice seeping from our nethers dripped onto the poolside.*
Miyako: Mnah, kh, aah... Heh, ah... Mn.
Yamato: Mn, that's right. Match your hips' movements to mine...
Miyako: Hah, aaah... Your cock feels so good.
Yamato: Want to try saying it louder?
Miyako: ...Ooh... Kh.
Miyako: Yamato, your cock feels so good!
Yamato: You actually said it. I'm getting chills.
*As I thrust through into her depths, Miyako's feet quivered.*
Miyako: Kheh, aaah, there! There!
*That spot was the erogenous zone just before her womb, on the belly button side.*
*Her insides grew even tighter.*
Miyako: Wah! Mnah, nah, mnaaaah!
*Lowering Miyako's body, I ground our hips together.*
Miyako: Hauu, mn-ah, you're focusing... On my weak points, ah, ah, ah, amazing, kh, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Miyako, your fuck-face is so amazing, it's adorable.
Miyako: Hah, mn, ah! Ahh, ahaaa... It's because you're watching me... That I'm extra... Ah, ah, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Your voice is so nice and loud. That's cute, too.
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato, Yamato! Ah, mnaaaaaah!
Yamato: Can I move my hips--kh--even faster?!
*I rapidly increased the speed at which I prodded her weak points.*
Miyako: Yamato! ...I-I can't take much more... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: You want to cum? Then cum, Miyako! Show me your face! Let me hear your voice!
Miyako: Mnah! Ahh, waah, ah, ahhh! It feels good... So good!
*I maintained my momentum and banged my hips into hers.*
Miyako: Kwah, I-I'm going to cum. Ah, ah, hah!
*Her hot pussy contracted and wrung my member.*
Miyako: I can't--I'm cumming, I can't hold it back! Ah, ah! Ah!
*Vigorously, I drove my penis into her.*
Miyako: I-I'm cumming... Ahhhhhhhh!
*Her body shook as she climaxed.*
Yamato: Kwah, it feels so good. But we've only just started, Miyako!
Miyako: Fwah! Mnah! Aaahhh!
*My thrusts caused her beautiful boobs to bounce.*
Miyako: Hah, aahh, aaah, Yamato, I'm cumming, yet it's so, ahh, ahhhhhh!
*Her walls tightened as tight as they possibly could.*
Miyako: I-If you do me like this, I'll cum again. Ahh!
Yamato: Huff, huff, cum as many times as you want!
*I kept pounding her.*
Miyako: Kh, haaaah, Yamato... Ah, ah, amazing, your cock is too amazing, ahh, ahh.
Miyako: It's so, ahh, manly... and hard, hah, ooh... and hot... Aha, mn... move forever, and ever, aahhhh!
Miyako: Ah, haaah...! I love you! Hey, fuck me more! Yamato, Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Miyako, yours is amazing, too. It's so sticky...
Miyako: Yamato, I love you... Ah, wah... Ah, aahh! Ah, ah, amazing... Yamato, Yamato!
Miyako: Y-Yamato... I can't... I'm going to cum!
Yamato: Sweet. This time, I'll cum too.
*I swung her body vertical and pounded her more strongly.*
Miyako: Aaaaah, ah, ah, ah... Ah... Ah!
Yamato: Miyako... Miyako... Miyako!
Miyako: Yamato, it's so good, it feels so good!
Miyako: Huff, ah, cum--like this! Cum inside me!
Yamato: Yeah. I'm cumming, Miyako!
*I finished by thrusting as powerfully as I could.*
Miyako: Ahh, I can't, I'm cumming again, I'm cumming!
*My lower body grew sweetly numb.*
Yamato: Mnph!
*Spurt, spurt! Pew, pew...*
Miyako: Mnaaaah... Amazing...
*I came inside Miyako as much as I could.*
Miyako: Kwah... Huff, huff... Huff...
*She lied down on the side of the pool.*
*However, my erection still hadn't abated.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato, still? Amazing...
Yamato: Yeah... Can you keep going, Miyako?
Miyako: Mm-hm... I want nothing more.
Yamato: Then next, let's... Teyah!
*I went to strip off Miyako's school swimsuit.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato's stripping me.
Yamato: Heh, stripping off a school swimsuit like this is just the best!
Miyako: Hey, you sound like an old man.
Yamato: Would an old man have my vigor?
Miyako: Now I get the feeling you're even more amazing...
Yamato: Okay, now you're in your birthday suit.
Miyako: Being naked at school's embarrassing, Yamato...
Yamato: And now you're going to be even more embarrassed... There!
Miyako: Ahh?! Again like this...? Kwah!
*With Miyako butt-naked, I plunged my dick into her pussy.*
Miyako: Mnn... It just feels so good when you do me!
*The moment I entered her, her folds entangled me as if they were alive.*
Miyako: Yamato, your thing is twitching even more as it moves...
Yamato: It's because your pussy feels so good... Mn!
*I advanced through her sticky, clingy membranes, forcing my penis through to her innermost depths.*
Miyako: Mnn... Yes... Oh, how do you feel, Yamato?
*The tightness of her pussy suddenly intensified.*
Yamato: Oh, it's the greatest, Miyako... Want to go for a stroll?
Miyako: Huh? Ah... Hah!
*Still fucking Miyako, I started to walk along the poolside.*
Miyako: Ahh, I feel a shock with every step, mn, ah... Amazing.
*As we walked, my penis automatically moved in and out.*
Yamato: If I walk all the way to the edge, somebody might see us.
Miyako: Ahh... No, Yamato, don't. Don't, I said...
*Despite her protests, Miyako's insides squeezed me even tighter.*
Yamato: You get aroused from the thought of being seen? Miyako, you pervert!
*I drove my penis even deeper into her.*
Miyako: Ah, you're pushing me up... Mnah, amazing, ah!
*Miyako was getting more turned on.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, ah, ahh, you're grinding against me.
Yamato: I guess this feels better for you... than the entrance to your womb does.
*I focused on prodding the rough spot just in front of it.*
Miyako: Mnah! Ah! Aiiee, ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mn, you're amazing, Miyako. Your insides feel so good...
*Using all my might, I banged Miyako.*
Miyako: Awn, yah, ah, that's, amazing!
Yamato: Here, right? *grunt*
Miyako: Hyahh, ahhh... You're so rough, Yamato...
Yamato: Miyako... You're so loud... Somebody might hear.
Miyako: Heh, ah, ahhhh! Ahhhh...
*Even so, Miyako was turned on.*
Miyako: Ah, ahhh... ah? ...Huff, huff, Yamato?
*I suddenly stopped moving, which worried Miyako.*
Miyako: Move... Yamato... Move!
Yamato: Wait. My arms... are tired.
Miyako: Hey...
Yamato: Man, this proves sex is a real workout...
Miyako: Then let's stop doing it like this and use a different position.
Miyako: Nnh!
*Miyako's body quivered.*
Miyako: I feel like I need to pee. Maybe because of the cold wind hitting me.
Yamato: You are in a position to pee.
Miyako: ...Argh. Don't say that.
Miyako: Let me down, Yamato.
Miyako: ...Huh? Wh-Why did you just get bigger?
Yamato: I'm in this position.
Yamato: Piss just as you are, Miyako-chan.
Miyako: Th-That's clearly just...
Miyako: Even I can feel awkward sometimes, Yamato! This is embarrassing.
Yamato: That's precisely why. I want to see you blush.
Miyako: Ahh! Ah, you're moving again! Haah!
Miyako: Mnah, n-no, ah, ah, ah!
*I began swinging my hips even more violently.*
Miyako: Ah, if you do me like that, mnah, ah, I'll cum... I'll cum...
*I stimulated her tender spot while thrusting my penis into the deepest regions of her pussy.*
Miyako: Ahh, ahhh, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato!
*Her body trembled, and the squeeze of her membranes became the tightest yet.*
Yamato: Cum, Miyako.
Miyako: Uh, but, ah, if--if I cum, I'll probably... pee... Ah, hah!
Yamato: All the more reason to cum!
Miyako: Mnooh... Ah, wahh... Ah, I-I'm cumming, I--I'm cumming... Cumming... Ahhhhh!
*I shot my penis into her deep depths.*
Miyako: Haaaaahhhh!
*Spurt, pew, spurt...*
Yamato: Kwah, I came a lot. Again.
*Inside her, I poured my semen into Miyako.*
Miyako: ...Ah. I-I can't... Y-Yamato...
*Urine began to trickle out of her.*
Miyako: Ah... Ahh... You're seeing me like this. Ahh... Ah... Ah.
*Miyako continued to pee, a blank look on her face.*
Yamato: Miyako, that expression is wonderful.
*I gazed at her look of ecstasy while the rest of my semen flowed into her.*
Yamato: So much is flowing out!
Miyako: Noooo...
Yamato: I saw... I saw you pee.
Miyako: Huff... Ah, ah... Ahh.
*With a shake of her body, Miyako finished peeing.*
*.........*
History Teacher: (Now, Maro cannot wait for the semester finals, yes.)
History Teacher: (We will learn if everyone is truly paying attention to Maro's class.)
Momoyo Fan 1: So Maro, like...
History Teacher: (Oh, they are speaking of Maro on the far side of the wall, no?)
Momoyo Fan 1: He's so creepy.
Momoyo Fan 2: Heck, is he even human?
History Teacher: (!)
*Today was the first day of semester exams.*
Mrs. Shimazu: A hearty, healthy breakfast will get you all ready for your exams!
Yukie: Yes, ma'am. The mackerel is delicious!
Chris: Breakfast mackerel could even be considered one of Japan's virtues.
Miyako: Okay, Yamato, say 'Ahhh'.
Yamato: Ah.
Chris: Mnn, I can taste the abundance of minerals within.
Matsukaze: Hey girl, you've got lots of meat left there. You gotta level up you're mackerel eatin' skills.
Chris: ...Kh. This is fairly vexing.
Tadakatsu: Hijiki and fried tofu... That's the ticket.
Mrs. Shimazu: Personally, I'm for miso soup in the morning.
Yamato: In return, here's some dried plums and salted fish. Say ahh.
Miyako: Ahh... *om nom nom*
Shouichi: Me, I could live for forever on just rice and baked seaweed.
Cookie: You also need the occasional pickled vegetables. Daikon does the job well, Meister.
Yamato: Guys, that's a pretty cold reaction, even if we are going out. I figured you wouldn't be able to stand watching us.
Shouichi: Nah. It's like, nothing about that feels the least bit wrong.
Tadakatsu: She's always been like that. You've just finally gotten around to returnin' the favor. This ain't nothin' new.
Chris: You two always seemed like a natural couple.
Yukie: So we've accepted this rather easily.
Miyako: It seems we're a fairly neutral couple.
Chris: It goes without saying that I bless your relationship.
Chris: Congratulations, Miyako.
Miyako: Thank you, Chris.
*I decided to...*
Show them more
Whatever
*That just wasn't enough.*
*I want them to curse us, to treat us as a pair of love-struck fools.*
*To try to knock us down a peg, not treat us as ordinary.*
Yamato: My tea is so hot, Miyako.
Miyako: (She blew on it.)
Yamato: Bring it down to body warmth.
Miyako: Leave it to me. *slurp*. (She started drinking the tea.)
Miyako: (I won't swallow it. Instead, I'll let it cool in my mouth.)
Miyako: Mmm... *kiss*... (She transferred the tea via kiss.)
Yamato: *gasp* Heh heh. Well?!
Yukie: Th-Thank you for the meal! Let's get going, Matsukaze.
*She ran off, blushing.*
Tadakatsu: Mm. Nice pickled wasabi... From Odawara?
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, you noticed. I brought it back as a souvenir.
*They ignored me.*
Shouichi: If you try putting raw egg and soy sauce on white rice, it tastes totally awesome!
*And he in particular casually ignored me.*
Chris: For goodness sake... Have you no self-control?
Yamato: You're a good girl, Chris. Long live the German-Japanese Alliance.
Chris: ......?
Miyako: There you go again...
Yamato: Whatever, at least you accept us.
Miyako: It's one page of our daily life.
Mrs. Shimazu: But still, I expected you two to be much more nervous on the first day of semester finals.
Chris: Mayucchi and I have never missed a day of preparatory review.
Miyako: And for me and Yamato, this is a chance to show off.
Shouichi: While me and Gen-san don't care much about our grades!
Tadakatsu: Well, I studied enough that I at least ain't embarrassin' myself.
Shouichi: Which means we're taking it easy this morning.
Mrs. Shimazu: So the ones most at risk are the least concerned. That makes sense.
Mrs. Shimazu: But my Gakuto is so pigheaded.
Mrs. Shimazu: If only he would hit the books every afternoon.
*She was grumbling about her son.*
Miyako: Thank you for the food.
*We dispersed and began preparing for school.*
Miyako: Now then, I'll get these tests done with lickety-split...
Miyako: So that I can head off to my practical health exam with Yamato...
Cookie: Miyako, you're drooling.
Miyako: Oh no...
Cookie: I'm so happy that you're happy.
Miyako: Thank you, Cookie.
Cookie: Just don't be so merry that you cause an accident.
Miyako: Mm-hm!
Cookie: Have a good day.
*.........*
Takuya: I wonder if our world is going through a time loop.
Momoyo: Where'd that come from? Play one too many of those visual novel games?
Takuya: I experience a lot of deja vu. Including right now.
Miyako: How interesting.
Miyako: (An infinite loop of Yamato taking my virginity)
Momoyo: We're not looping. Gakuto's got a girlfriend.
Gakuto: Are you jealous of me, Momo-senpai? Yet I would never betray the love of my life.
Chris: Even your heart is tough, Gakuto.
Miyako: No, wait. My maiden heart couldn't bear looping before we got married...
Chris: I confess, I do not see the appeal in a time loop.
Momoyo: Looks like Mororo's loop theory has been rejected.
Takuya: Guess that bit of pre-exams escapism didn't last long.
Kazuko: So Mayucchi, what's this loop we're talking about? Is it tasty?
Matsukaze: She's testin' your sense of humor.
Yukie: Let's just answer her honestly, Matsukaze. You see...
Momoyo: (Damn... She realized she couldn't find a good comeback, so she used Matsukaze to set up a cheap joke. How entertaining, Mayu-Mayu.)
Gakuto: Ugh... But even so, Chris, did you forget your earlier declaration that mine is the spirit of toughness and handsomeness?
Chris: I never said the latter... But, well, what of it?
Gakuto: Toughness is not truly my definin' feature. Right now, I feel down. My treasure stash was destroyed at my mother's hands.
Takuya: Well, they were R-rated books.
Momoyo: Learn to hide things better. Like Yamato does.
Yamato: I'm not hiding anything like that!
Momoyo: They're under your tatami mats. You should know better than to try to hide anything from your big sister.
Yamato: ...Those are medical books meant to furnish a personal library.
Miyako: It wouldn't really bother me if I found them.
Chris: Is that really the appropriate sort of conversation to have this early in the morning?
Gakuto: (Ah, I want to fuck my girlfriend already.)
Gakuto: Ah, I want to fuck my girlfriend already.
Momoyo: Did you just say what your thoughts out loud? You've got it bad.
Chris: Goodness, you are the worst... Hmm? There's someone at the foot of the bridge.
Momoyo: ...I can sense they're out for blood. Maybe they're a challenger?!
Messi: Kawakami Momoyo, correct? I am Messi, martial artist.
Kazuko: (This guy is strong! You can tell just by looking at him.)
Chris: (His stance is intimidating, and seems to have an air of strength about him...)
Yamato: Oh, he's one of the people they featured on TV.
Messi: I have been called the strongest in South America, yet that is not enough.
Messi: I want to know how it feels to face the strongest in the world. Fight me, Momoyo.
Momoyo: I accept. Face me now, right here.
Messi: Thank you... Also, this is my disciple, Zucchero. I would like to provide him a fight as well. He is not at my level, yet he shows promise.
Zucchero: You there!
Takuya: Now it's South America? The last thing this story needs is even more characters.
Kazuko: Me me! I'll do it!
Chris: Would you kindly leave this task to me?!
Kazuko: Mmph! This is my time to shine, Kuri!
Chris: Look, just yield the floor to me, Dog!
Zucchero: You're my foe?! Good luck!
Miyako: Mm-hm. Good luck. *nod*
Kazuko: Hey, Miyako! No fair!
Chris: Mmph... I wish I were the one fighting, but there is nothing to be done.
Yamato: Are you all right, Miyako. He's... strong, probably.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I can tell just by looking... That's why I want to test myself.
Miyako: I feel like I've grown even stronger than before.
Yamato: How so?
Chris: Let us decide on an order for next time, Dog.
Kazuko: Sounds good. Rock, paper, scissors, battleship! Battleship battleship battleship!
Chris: Hawaii Hawaii battleship!
Kazuko: Nwah?! I lost, I lost! Waaahhhh!
Takuya: Our girls are as strong as ever, but I wonder if Miyako will be okay.
Zucchero: Let's go!
*The man called Zucchero rushed towards Miyako.*
Zucchero: Hi! Hoo! Hiiii!
*Miyako coolly eluded his ferocious barrage of punches.*
Zucchero: Heh! I've got your leg!
*Then, astoundingly quickly, he shifted to tackling her.*
Miyako: Ngh!
*But Miyako reacted quickly, and met his outthrust face with her knee.*
*A bloodcurdling squelch echoed around us.*
Zucchero: ...Gh... Huff... How... Do you react so quickly?
*Her knee had driven square into his face. He slumped to the ground, defeated.*
Yukie: That's the match, isn't it?
Kazuko: Wow, that tackle was sharp. Nice combo.
Chris: Excellent reaction, Miyako. And your knee-strike counter was also impressive.
Miyako: I'll only let Yamato knock me off my feet!
Yamato: I don't think that's the problem here.
Shouichi: Heck, Miyako, is it just me or are you actually stronger?
Kazuko: Miyako, how'd you do it? What's your secret?
Yukie: It must be Yamato-san's love for her.
Miyako: Mm-hm! I'm in perfect form!
Miyako: It's all thanks to the Yamato energy he's pouring into me!
Kazuko: Yamato energy? What's that? Can I have some too?!
Yamato: Calm down!
Kazuko: Hey, hey, pour me some Yamato energy too!
Miyako: Are you trying to seduce my man?! (She put Kazuko in an arm lock.)
Kazuko: Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow! Huh? What was that for?!
*Wanko really didn't understand anything.*
*If sex had truly made her stronger... Miyako was a woman to be feared!*
Momoyo: Hm? You guys finally finished, too?
*As per usual, Nee-san's foe didn't even last a second.*
Chris: This Messi warrior seemed reasonably strong, but...
Momoyo: Mm, I didn't much feel like losing.
Momoyo Fan 3: Oh my gosh, Momo-senpai defeated her enemy before we even noticed!
Momoyo Fan 4: Senpai could beat Seagal even in the kitchen!
Momoyo Fan 1: Squeee, how wonderful! Take me now!
*It was just another day.*
*--Class 2-S.*
Margit: So as we see, intelligence suggests that Shiina Miyako and Naoe Yamato have entered into a relationship.
Touma: Is that true?
Margit: The information comes from the most trusted source. You will believe it.
Touma: Is that true?
Margit: You will refrain from asking the same question twice.
Touma: My... A shock, truly. Were this a manga, I would be presently suffering an out-of-body experience.
Koyuki: Your soul left you? Let's go catch it!
Jun: Hey, hey. You can't go skipping about in such a short skirt. With tests coming up, you shouldn't burden everyone with temptations like that.
Koyuki: It's no biggie. I'm wearing bloomers! (She flipped up her skirt to prove it.)
Jun: That is exactly what I'm telling you not to do!
Koyuki: Oh, because it's sexy? Want to see my sexy bloomers?
Azumi: I don't think there's much point in asking me that!
Margit: Is that your type, Aoi Touma?
Touma: Yes. Though I would not have been disappointed had my overtures towards Yamato-kun proven successful.
Margit: Men... Such sinful beasts. You will refrain from such acts.
Hideo: In this era of declining birth rates, all couples should be welcomed.
Kokoro: All of that said, i had not expected Class F to be so quiet before their exams.
Hideo: They are surely struggling in vain. Oh, how We pity Our beloved commoners.
*In class F--*
Kyojin: C'mon guys, pick up the pace. You've got a ton of slacking to make up for.
*Mr. Beard paced the aisles.*
Ikurou: Whoops.
*A student slipped Mr. Beard a bribe.*
Kyojin: The first example on page 43 and the exercise in the middle of page 46.
Ikurou: Sweet!
Chika: Come here too!
*She too slipped him a bribe.*
Kyojin: That's it...? There's something on pages 43 and 46.
Chika: Aww, really vague.
Gakuto: Me too, please!
Kyojin: On my way.
*But Chris grabbed Kyojin's sleeve.*
Chris: Even a teacher is not above reprisal for impropriety.
Kyojin: You can't blame an old man for what he mutters to himself.
Kyojin: Besides, look. Everyone else thinks your actions are uncalled for.
Gakuto: That's right. What's the big deal about whisperin' a hint or three?
Haguro: Get a clue. Some of us are, like, just tryin' to dodge an F.
Chris: Nngh.
Miyako: ...Yes, well, that doesn't make wrong into right.
Kyojin: Then screw it. Ms. Kojima should be getting here soon anyway, so I'm out.
Kyojin: Okay, this will buy me a little extra for lunch.
*Mr. Beard, having made his money, quickly left the room.*
Chris: Miyako, thank you for your support.
Miyako: Mn. Don't worry about it.
Chris: Still, Usami is a frustrating teacher.
Chris: If only I had a way to take video or otherwise produce evidence against him.
Yamato: Don't bother trying. He'd spot any hidden cameras instantly and just not do anything below board.
Tadakatsu: He's damn clever, I'll give him that... And he probably doesn't give a rat's ass if he gets fired over it.
Miyako: Just forget all the little nuisances of life and focus on the tests.
Chris: ...Mmm, you are right. Let us do our best.
*And so the tests began.*
*The noise of our mechanical pencils sounded rhythmical to my ears.*
Yamato: (Miyako... You're amazing. Both your head and your body are in top condition.)
Yamato: (Now then, time to ace this test!)
*One question contained the word 'backside'.*
Yamato: (Backside...)
Yamato: (Yeah, I love her backside.)
Yamato: (Ah! No! Focus, focus!)
*There was a multiple-choice question; the answers were labeled X, Y, and Z.*
Yamato: (Answer is... Y.)
Yamato: (Seeing her legs up like that...)
Yamato: (Wait, what am I doing?!)
Yamato: (Aww... Shoot, shoot!)
Yamato: (I've got a boner! Nnnngghh!)
Yamato: (Miyako! Are you holding up? I'm in anguish.)
Miyako: ... (She looked totally focused.)
Yamato: (Astounding... No wonder you're an amazing archer.)
*.....................*
Yamato: So yeah. I got turned on during the test and it was awful.
Miyako: It's all my fault. I'm sorry.
*We laid out the futon.*
Yamato: Now, would you mind taking responsibility?
*I slipped into the bed.*
Miyako: I would love to.
*She slipped in, too.*
Yamato: Oh, I almost forgot something. (Namely, the condom.)
*We couldn't speak, so we had fun under the covers.*
Yamato: I'm going to fuck you as hard as you turned me on.
Miyako: Sink me with your main cannon!
Yamato: ...That's just a really bad pun.
Miyako: ...I regret everything.
*.....................*
*--Night, past 11 o'clock.*
Miyako: Okay, I've finished washing your back.
Yamato: Mm.
*We were washing the sweat (and other liquids) off of ourselves in the bathroom.*
Yamato: Miyako... Wash here, too.
*I was pointing at my already-erect penis.*
*It had briefly drooped after thrice satisfying my lusts in the futon.*
*However, seeing Miyako's naked form as she washed me quickly brought it back to life.*
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll diligently wash your thing. Mn.
*She happily licked her lips as she positioned herself for the licking.*
Yamato: My body's cold, so I'll turn on the shower first.
Miyako: There's steam, and it's summer, so we're fine.
Miyako: Mnheh... Yours is already so... amazing.
*She took her time observing my penis.*
Miyako: Your manly scent is just too wonderful, Yamato...
Miyako: Fwah... Smelling it like this... makes me feel so hot.
Yamato: Clean it thoroughly, please.
Miyako: Yep. I'll lick it clean.
*Miyako's flexible hands approached my penis.*
Miyako: While we were saying all that, it got even harder.
Miyako: Your thing is so greedy... and wonderful.
*Miyako's moistened tongue appeared from within her mouth.*
Miyako: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*
Yamato: Mmm... Your tongue really does feel so good.
Miyako: Yamato, your... *lick* *kiss* ...dick tastes so good.
Miyako: Mnn... mn... *kiss* Mn... *suck* ...Mnnn, mnah...
*Her wet tongue stimulated the glans of my penis.*
Miyako: Eheh *kiss* Mn... *lick* *suck* *slurp*... *lick*
Miyako: It's... all clean... *lick* *lick* *kiss*...
Miyako: *lick* *lick* *kiss* If only it were dirtier... there'd be more point in cleaning it... *kiss*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* Ah, it's already so wet. Heh heh. Hamph.
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... *suck*... Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: Nkh... Your mouth is amazing.
*The intense suction she provided made my cock tingle with even more heat.*
Miyako: Mn... *slurp, slurp*... Mn, an, ngh... *slurp* *slurp* Pwah! Well? Does it feel good, Yamato?
Yamato: It does. Please don't stop.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Hamph... *slurp* *suck* *gulp* *gulp*
*She noisily drank my precum.*
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* Mn... *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *slurppp* Nfh... *gulp*...
*Saliva accumulated in her mouth. It felt almost as good as fucking her pussy.*
Miyako: Ngh, mn... *suck*... M-Mnn... *kiss* *slurp*... *slurp*... Mn! Ngh, mn... *suck*...
Miyako: *gasp* Yamato, your dick has been releasing too much precum... Are you that close to cumming?
Yamato: ...Yeah. Your nudity and your tongue are just too much.
Miyako: Then shoot lots of your thick, hot milk into my mouth.
Yamato: ...Will do.
Miyako: Release everything you've built up... I'll clean it all up nice... Ahhhmn.
Yamato: Miyako... Ah!
**smack* *smack*... *sluurrrrp*....*
*My penis sunk even deeper into Miyako's mouth.*
Miyako: *slurrrrp* *suck* *slurp*... *slurp*... Mnmm... *suck*... *slurp* urp... *lick*
Yamato: ...Mnn, I'm ready, Miyako...
*To think I'd reached my limit this quickly.*
*The feeling of ejaculation welled up from the root of my dick.*
Miyako: ...Nfh, mnnn... *suck* Nph, Yamato... *slurp* *suck*... Cum in my mouth, just like this... I want your white stuff... *suck*
Yamato: Mnah. I'm cumming, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm! Hamph... *suck, slurp, slurp, slurrrrrp*... *slurrrrrrp*
Yamato: Geh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt...*
Miyako: Mn, kh... Mn! Mnfhhhhh...
*I took a firm hold of her head and continued to ejaculate.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Hmm, ooh... Gh... Mn, nfh... *gulp* Mn... *slurp* Ngh... Mn... *gulp*
*Miyako's throat purred as she swallowed my cum.*
Yamato: Mnn... You cleaned me from the inside.
Miyako: Pwah... Mn, I drank all of your milk...
*My penis did not droop; it remained erect.*
Miyako: Oh... It's still so big...
Yamato: When I see you, Miyako, I can't hold back my erection.
Miyako: You really know how to make me happy.
Yamato: Being licked just after cumming feels really good.
Miyako: Mm-hm, okay, I'll do it again... I'll use my mouth to clean you up.
Miyako: Time for seconds. Hamph...
*Her mouth felt so moist.*
Miyako: Mn... *slop*... Mn... *kiss* mnn... There's still some inside you.
Miyako: ...Mnn... *suck, slurp, slurrrrrrp* nkh.
Miyako: Your cock... It tastes like delicious semen milk... I want to drink my second helping soon... Mn... *lick*
*She stimulated the entrance to my urethra with her tongue and sucked me.*
*I had just came, so my glans was wonderfully sensitive.*
Miyako: ...Mnn... *slurp* Mnkh... *suck* ...Ngh!
Miyako: Mn... *slurp* *suck* *slurrrp* ...Mn, hah, ah...
*She violently shook her head as she serviced me.*
Yamato: Aren't you... Nope, you're not getting cold at all.
Miyako: I'm drinking such warm stuff, so I'll be fine. Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: Oh... I'm about to cum for the second time.
Miyako: Pwah, yes, cum... *suck, slurp, slurrrp* cum in my mouth again... *slurrrrrp*
Yamato: This time, I want to cum on your face.
*I wanted to answer her sticky oral ministrations with a grand ejaculation.*
Miyako: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* ...Pwah.
Miyako: Mm-hm, go ahead, cum on my face... *suck* *lick*
Yamato: Miyako...! I'm cumming again!
Miyako: Mn... *suck* Mnn... *slurp* Mnah... Hah... *suck* *slllurp*
Yamato: Kh!
*An instant before I exploded, I withdrew my cock from her mouth.*
*Then I ejaculated onto her beautiful face.*
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Hwaaahhhhhh!
*I covered every inch of her face with semen.*
Miyako: Ahh... Ah.
*The point-blank ejaculation had left Miyako blushing.*
Miyako: Mn... Ah.
*It had gotten on her hair, her cheeks, even her nose.*
Miyako: ...I'm covered in your cum...
Yamato: That expression is wonderful, too. You're so pretty, Miyako.
*Pew, pew!*
Miyako: Mn, mnhah... Ah... You came so much...
Yamato: ...Whoa.
*I faced Miyako towards the shower.*
Miyako: No. That would be a waste.
Yamato: Huh?
Miyako: I'll drink all of it. *kiss* *slurp* *suck*
*She scooped up the semen with her fingers and brought it to her mouth.*
Miyako: *kiss* *kiss*... *lick* Mn, it's so delicious...
Miyako: Oh, this is such a huge clump... Ahhmph.
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*... Mn... *gulp*
Yamato: ...There's still some semen on the tip of my dick.
Miyako: I'll clean that up for you ...*lick* ...*kiss*... *lick*...
Miyako: There's some on the back too... Nmm... *kiss* *lick*
*Miyako expertly used her tongue to lick off the semen stuck to my dick.*
Miyako: I'll suck out the semen inside too. Hamph... *kiss* *kiss*
Miyako: *kiss* *smack* *smack* *kiss*
*She sucked out all the remaining semen.*
Miyako: Mn... *suck* *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*
*Miyako drank the remaining semen while she shook her ass seductively.*
Miyako: And your erection is still holding strong... *lick*
Yamato: Aren't I manly?
Miyako: Mm-hm. Alternatively, you're the most dependable lecher in the world. *smack*
Yamato: I think I'm gonna cum again.
Miyako: Understood. Ammph... Mn... *kiss* *kiss*...
Yamato: Mn... I want you to lick it while still sticky with my semen, okay?
*She pursed her lips, then stimulated the tip of my dick.*
Miyako: ...Mn... *kiss*... *suck*... Ha wa hah, wamahau? (How was that, Yamato?)
Yamato: Nwah. You can still talk that well with my dick in your mouth?
*She brought her face even closer as she gave me head.*
Miyako: Slurp... Nkh, kfh... Mn, suck, kiss!
*Her wet saliva felt so pleasant.*
Miyako: Mn, n... *kiss*... Mn... Mm... *suck, lick* ngh...
*The texture of the inside of her cheeks felt just like her pussy's.*
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp*... Mn... *suck*. Awwnn... Mn... *slllurp*...
Yamato: Ooh, Miyako! I'm cumming again!
Miyako: *slurrrrrrrp*.... *suck* *suck* *suck*
Yamato: Kh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt...*
Miyako: Nfh! Mn! *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*...
Miyako: Mnnn... Nm... *gulp* Hah, mn... *gulp*
Miyako: Gasp... Huff... Huff... So delicious...
Yamato: I've been defeated!
*I entered the shower and rinsed her body with hot water.*
Miyako: Mn. I'm so hot inside and out.
Miyako: Heh!
*Miyako casually jabbed her fist.*
*The air cracked with the force of the attack.*
Miyako: The more of your cum I drink, the stronger I get...
Yamato: That's one amazing skill you've got there.
Miyako: Well, I do think there's a limit to how strong I can get this way.
*My girlfriend was one sexy beast.*
*Our semester exams were over and done with, every subject cleared.*
Suguru: Now then, shall I clear some of my gaming backlog?
Takuya: Giga's new Baldr title was pretty fun! It's only part one of a duology, but with how good it was, I didn't mind too much.
Gakuto: There must be some game out there where you make a queen submit to you, right?
*In Class 2-F, where the mood was merry...*
Kazuko: You're taking applications to work in a movie?!
Tadakatsu: Yeah. It's called 'Departing'.
Chika: Hey, like, what's it about?
Tadakatsu: It's about people who help the departing... you know, taxi drivers. It's a story about the sorrows of taxi drivers.
Tadakatsu: We're doin' a wide-scale search for actors.
Tadakatsu: I'm helping find talent as part of my work for the Agency.
Mayo: But is it really okay for a novice to try out?
Tadakatsu: A bunch of shit went down, and now he's overbudget.
Tadakatsu: So that's why I'm here, lookin' for anyone interested.
Chika: You know, I look pretty good on camera.
Mayo: Wah! Chika-chan, you look really excited for this.
Haguro: I'd, like, even show my tits for a part!
Ikurou: You idiots. There's some tits nobody wants to see!
Tadakatsu: Looks like I've got some takers.
Tadakatsu: Anyone interested should gather on-site in the Italian shopping district on the night of July 20th.
Gakuto: Gen, are you lookin' for men as well?
Tadakatsu: Yeah. There ain't any real restrictions, Shimazu.
Tadakatsu: Maybe it's finally time for those muscles you're so proud of to explode onto the big screen.
Gakuto: ...What sort of man could back down now?!
Tadakatsu: Word is you'll get paid as extras, plus grub.
Tadakatsu: The documents out in the hallway got the info you'll need. Take one with you.
Shouichi: I got a feeling this is gonna be awesome! Maybe I'll head over too.
*Anything Capt thought was interesting was sure to be trouble, maelstroms, epic adventures.*
Yamato: (I'll pass... My gut's telling me I shouldn't go.)
*Meanwhile, in class 2-S...*
Kyojin: --That's my pitch for the movie, guys.
Kokoro: I see. So you are recruiting actors for this 'Departing' film...
Azumi: Hideo-sama, how do you feel about this?
Hideo: Mwahahaha. We could never be satisfied with a bit role.
Azumi: It was silly of me to ask, Hideo-sama!
Kokoro: Truly. The roles are simply too minor, Usami. If you wish to entice us with acting work, only starring roles will do.
Kyojin: Don't ask the impossible. Give me a break, please.
Kyojin: Anyways, anyone who wants in, take one of these sheets. The necessary info's printed on them. Everyone's to meet up on the 20th at--
Kokoro: I doubt anyone will go.
Jun: Says the most interested girl in the class.
Kokoro: Heavens no!
Koyuki: That's what someone who wants to go would say.
Kokoro: No means no! I simply will not go!
Touma: ......
Kyojin: Huh? You're spacing out, Aoi. What's on your mind?
Touma: What was I thinking? ...That is perhaps the trickiest question of all.
Jun: Between studying for tests and helping out at the hospital, the Young Master's exhausted.
Koyuki: That's right. If you're going to scold someone, scold innocent little me!
Kyojin: Quit jumping up and down in front of me, Sakakibara. It's annoying.
Jun: I'll take her back. (He picked her up dragged her away.)
Koyuki: Yay! (Which she really enjoyed for some reason.)
Kyojin: I feel like you've been like this a lot lately?
Touma: I do have a lot to think about. There are so many cute girls to keep track of.
Touma: Not to mention all the cute boys. Oh, my worries will never cease.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Oh friend of Ours, such are ever your thoughts!
Kokoro: Heh heh. Well, that is Aoi-kun's quirk.
Azumi: No matter what troubles you, I'd be happy to talk about it! 
Margit: I can understand how one's mind would wander after the end of exams.
2-S Student: And yet you came in first, Aoi-kun. You're something else.
Kyojin: That's the reaction you get? For that? Sounds like you're popular.
Koyuki: You're wondering if we'll cheer you up when you're feeling down, aren't you? Well guess what: We won't! Ahaha!
Kyojin: That's cold. What's so bad about worrying for me?
Koyuki: Consider how you regularly interact with your students.
Kyojin: Ooh! Ouch! You hit me right in the heartstrings!
*--After school.*
*The sound of cicadas, the cry that announced the advent of summer, had begun.*
*We were hanging out, floating bamboo-leaf boats down the river.*
*It would be the end of the world if one of us dropped our phone in the river, so we'd left them in our bags.*
Kazuko: Now that tests are over, I feel super-duper.
Yukie: Super-duper, frizzle-frazzle, hoop-de-doo and razzle-dazzle, roaring soaring Twenties
Matsukaze: Roaring soaring Twenties
Takuya: You're in a good mood. You even sang in a canon. What happened?
Matsukaze: Thanks for givin' us a close listen, Morotaro the Mororo.
Yukie: The truth is, I'm going to see a movie with Oowada-san, my classmate!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi's seeing a movie with a classmate! You go girl!
Yamato: N-Nice. What movie are you seeing?
Yukie: T4. Everyone's talking about that one!
Momoyo: Hahaha. This is your chance, Mayu-Mayu.
Yukie: Yes. I have to use this opportunity to grow even closer to her!
Matsukaze: When you finally get lots of friends... My work here'll be done.
Yukie: Matsukaze... I'll never forget you.
Matsukaze: Hey, hey, before you grow as a person, ain't it common courtesy to be a bit more sentimental?
Chris: You are in high spirits... Yours is a perfect one-woman comedy.
Shouichi: Ahh! I can't take anymore!
*Capt suddenly did a backflip.*
Kazuko: What? I won't lose!
*Wanko instinctively responded with a backflip of her own.*
Kazuko: Heh-hem.
Yamato: So? Where'd that come from?
Shouichi: Remember when I was sayin' my dad found some ruins in Jordan?
Yamato: Yeah. What happened with that?
Shouichi: He was finally about to set out when the cave just and collapsed. A whole bunch of the team got injured, so things've been pushed back.
Yamato: Things sound genuinely dangerous. As if there's a curse.
Shouichi: I know, right? The place keeps sounding more and more awesome! I wanna be there too!
*He was itching to go.*
Gakuto: As for me, summer has finally arrived.
Gakuto: I'm gonna take things with my girlfriend to the next level!
Yamato: You're still calling her your girlfriend?
Miyako: You mean like starting to call her queen?
Gakuto: How can you two lovebirds be such jerks?!
Takuya: I mean, when you went to a hotel, you didn't even kiss.
Gakuto: This summer will change that!
Shouichi: Let me cheer you up before hand -- there's always next time!
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah. It's a never-give-up story!
Gakuto: Nnagh! Argh. Stop screwin' with me, Capt!
Shouichi: Woah...
Gakuto: Stop dodging! I can see three moves ahead!
Shouichi: You what?!
*I could hardly believe my eyes! Gakuto had actually caught Capt.*
Shouichi: You caught the wind? Damn you, you shelterbelt!
*He proceeded to heft Capt's body up into the air.*
Gakuto: Love makes a person stronger, as Miyako well knows!
Miyako: Mm, m-more or less.
Gakuto: Take that! Capt, I'm sendin' you down the river!
Shouichi: Gwuh?!
*He threw him into the river.*
Momoyo: Oh, you took out Capt. Nice one, Gakuto.
Gakuto: How about I throw you in next, Dog?!
Kazuko: Twah! Not if I get you first!
*Wanko struck him from behind with a flying kick.*
Gakuto: Ouch! But I've got you now!
Kazuko: I drove my leg too far into him, and now I'm caught! Wah! Let go!
Gakuto: Hey, stop struggling! Whoa!
*The two of them both fell into the river.*
Momoyo: Aww, it's just like a lovers' double suicide...
Kazuko: *gasp* *cough* *wheeze* Argh!
Chris: Hahaha. Were you that eager for a dip, given the heat?
Kazuko: Mmgh... Just shut up and give me a hand!
Chris: You truly are a troublesome pup--: Wah!
*Wanko pulled Chris into the river with her.*
Kazuko: Now you're soaking wet too, Kuri! Ahahaha!
Chris: ...Curse you. Why would you do that?!
Momoyo: It looks so nice and cool in there. C'mon, Mororo and Yamato, you too.
Takuya: Wah!
Yamato: Gh! Stop tossing us in like we're the bamboo boats!
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, Miyako, you're going in to. Three, two, one!
Miyako: Wah!
Yukie: Us too?!
*Everyone was made to take a dive.*
Kazuko: Geez. Gakuto, it's your fault I'm soaked!
*She splashed water at Gakuto.*
Miyako: Hey, you got some on me, too, Wanko!
Chris: Moreover, Dog, I should be saying that very line to you!
Yamato: Pwah! Chris! You'd splash water on me too? Counterattack!
Chris: *gasp* Now you have done it, Yamato. I hope you can learn to live with the conseq--Pwah!
Miyako: Adding support fire. Cha-pooh, cha-pooh!
Yamato: The onomatopoeia you're making for splashing water is wonderfully sexy!
Chris: Nfgh, You would double-team me?!
Chris: ...No, I must not go blind with rage -- that is your goal. Hmph.
Miyako: Oh. I didn't know you could keep your calm that well.
Chris: Your provocations are powerless before a noble knight!
Yamato: Chris seems kind of stupid, huh. (I smiled wryly.)
*Lighting a fire in Chris's heart.*
Chris: You cretin! I will not stand by while you insult me, Yamato!
*The flames roared excessively brightly.*
Momoyo: You're being toyed with. I'll support you, Kuri! Take this!
*Nee-san unleashed at us a tremendous spray of water.*
Miyako: Wanko guard!
Kazuko: Eeek!
*She used Wanko as a shield to block the water.*
Kazuko: *cough* Damn you, Miyako.
Miyako: That was payback for earlier.
Takuya: Slip away...
Gakuto: Hey, why are you tryin' to sneak off by yourself?!
Takuya: Wawa! But my uniform's soaking wet!
Yamato: In a situation like this, rather than trying to sprint away, you should casually edge towards the riverside.
Umeko: ...What in the world are they doing?
Kyojin: They're students celebrating their freedom from tests. Good for them.
Umeko: Well, I suppose I can't bring myself to scold them.
Kyojin: We were like that once ourselves.
Kyojin: However, it's not until you get as old as us that you understand how glorious those years were.
Kyojin: Man, that hurts to think about.
Kyojin: Do you think they'll be able to stay together forever, all nine of them?
Umeko: That is an excellent question...
Kyojin: (Oh? Things are feeling good. Now's my chance.)
Kyojin: What would you say to a night of French cuisine?
Umeko: I was planning to have chilled Chinese food and a beer tonight.
Kyojin: ...That really is your idea of a perfect meal, isn't it?
Kyojin: In that case, would you allow me to share?
Umeko: I will not. Don't you have tests to grade?
Umeko: So I'll be going.
Kyojin: Mnn... She's so serious. I can't get a foothold.
Jun: Were you dumped again? Don't cry or you're through.
Touma: Try not to let that get to you. Simply think of this moment as a jab.
Kyojin: Yeah... Even the coldest ice melts one day.
Koyuki: Do you know about permafrost? I know about permafrost!
Kyojin: Girl, is it just me, or have you been really defiant towards me lately?
Koyuki: Beardy's mad! (She hid in Jun's shadow.)
Touma: There, there.
Jun: There, there.
Kyojin: You're spoiling her rotten.
Kyojin: Oh yeah, have you guys heard of the Child Palace?
Touma: Yes. Wouldn't that be the huge amusement facility opening in the fall near the entrance to the industrial district?
Jun: People even gossip about it in class, now and then. So, what's that have to do with us?
Kyojin: Seems bad sorts are starting to hang out there.
Kyojin: Keep your distance, even if she says she wants to go.
Touma: I wouldn't think the place that sinister.
Kyojin: ...I have been through a few battles myself, you know.
Kyojin: And those old instincts of mine are chatting up a storm, telling me that place smells fishy... Something's gonna go down there.
Jun: Then why didn't you tell that to everyone during homeroom?
Kyojin: Those honor students would never stray that far.
Kyojin: But you three go wandering around an awful lot.
Kyojin: Aoi, you're the heir to the Aoimon Hospital. I don't wanna deal with something happening to you. I honestly don't care what happens to Inoue.
Jun: ...You're not pulling any punches. Though I do appreciate you keeping it simple.
Touma: Thank you for your consideration.
Kyojin: Take care... Maybe I'll go enjoy some shaved ice back at the office...
Koyuki: Oh, that looks fun! They're splishing and splashing in the water!
Jun: Oh, you're right. With the sun shining bright, they must be loving it.
Koyuki: Yeah. That water must be so cool in this heat.
Touma: I too could not be more jealous.
Touma: However, we cannot stray from our path.
Jun: I know. I'm with you, Young Master.
Koyuki: Oh, I'll go too. You, me, and Jun makes three!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Azumi, show Us once again today your rickshaw drift.
Azumi: As you wish, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Mm?! Pray wait -- bring Us to a halt, Azumi!
Hideo: Over yonder is Kazuko-dono! Behold how she elegantly plays in the water.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, you are in a bit of a hurry...
Hideo: Yeargh. With tests complete, meeting after meeting now plague Us.
Azumi: It is as you say...
Hideo: No matter. Such is the duty of those who stand at the top. Farewell, Kazuko-dono.
Chika: Oh, Wanko and her friends are playing in the Tama River.
Mayo: Wah, they're playing in their school uniforms. That looks fun.
Mayo: But I have to help out at home... Take care!
Chika: Bye-bye. I'll call you tonight.
Haguro: Bye. ...Now, Chikarin, it's mixer time!
Chika: Yeah! And the guys are from a modeling agency!
Haguro: Girl, I'm gettin' some D tonight! I'll knock 'em down and rock their world!
Chika: Uh, well, I don't think you have to be that excited.
Chika: But I'm glad there'll be hunks there.
Chika: Kazama's nice, don't get me wrong, but there's no way I can break into their group.
Haguro: Sweet! Hey hotties! You're knocking me up -- deal with it! Bun in the oven an' you're caught. Woohaw! Child support payments -- bling bling!
Chika: That's your end goal?
*Destinies would always cross paths here at the Great Tama Bridge.*
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: Hmm. Momo crushed Messi the Sun-Child?
Lu: Messi expressed considerable surprise when he regained consciousness several minutes ago. Surprise that one such as she exists.
Lu: There is no limit to the depths of her power.
Tesshin: Furthermore, hard as it is to believe...
Tesshin: She is awakening to a new power.
Lu: If she gets even stronger, I fear only misfortune can follow.
Tesshin: ...How goes the search for Shakadou?
Lu: I'm still searching. I haven't been able to contact him since the incident.
Tesshin: Hmm. Then, while you continue with that...
Tesshin: I think I shall take Momo with me on a mountain retreat.
Lu: To strengthen her heart?
Tesshin: Yes. She can learn from the water, from the land, and become one with heaven and earth.
Lu: There are certainly benefits to training in a new environment.
Tesshin: I must take this opportunity to cleanse her heart.
Lu: Yet I cannot imagine Momoyo doing as you ask.
Tesshin: I have a certain strategy for that.
*--Night, Miyako came once again.*
Miyako: I seek permission to enter the country of Yamato!
Yamato: Welcome to the land of 40% taxes.
Miyako: You tax so heavily... But I still want to enter.
Yamato: The custom houses here are strict.
Miyako: But I'm just a lightly dressed girl. I own nothing.
Yamato: Stop!
*I embraced Miyako and cupped her tits.*
Yamato: Wow, what a powerful weapon you've got here. I don't think we can let you in. (I groped her chest.)
Yamato: Oh, and you've got a weapon on your backside too. (I also grabbed her ass.)
Miyako: Haah... But I want to enter... I'll do anything to get in.
Yamato: In that case... You're a woman. I trust you understand?
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll work hard to serve you... 
*One hour later.*
Miyako: Thanks for the meal. It was so strong and rich and felt gummy as it went down my throat.
Yamato: We've wrung out all the joy we can... Let's do it again before we sleep.
Miyako: And in the morning. How wonderful!
Yamato: So wonderful!
Miyako: Can I lick your asshole soon?
*I...*
Yes
No
Yamato: Well, I guess that's okay, but it's embarrassing...
Miyako: Leave it to me. I'll massage your prostate.
Yamato: It'd feel so awkward.
Miyako: But you're always licking mine.
Yamato: Because yours is cute.
Miyako: And yours is cute, too.
Yamato: I wonder...
*I couldn't make the jump.*
Miyako: Mnfh. I love you, Yamato. I love you so much.
Yamato: You're snuggling closer to me... Come to think of it, about Gakuto and Mayucchi...
Miyako: I LOVE YOU... write it in all-caps, and it looks kind of nutty.
Yamato: Hey, are you listening?!
Miyako: What is it, darling? *om nom nom*
Yamato: I'm trying to talk about Gakuto and Mayucchi.
Miyako: Yeah, yeah. (Munch, om nom...)
*She was playfully biting the scruff of my neck. I soothed her as I continued to talk.*
Yamato: Their lives might start to get extremely busy.
Miyako: Yeah. One's got his queen, and the other's got her classmate.
Miyako: Is it that big of a deal? I mean, we're not ones to talk.
Yamato: Well, yeah. We're spending more and more time cuddling with each other.
Miyako: Yep, we're very cuddly. (She rubbed against me.)
Miyako: ...It doesn't really matter.
Yamato: Huh?
Miyako: Even if everyone gets too busy to spend much time with us, I can put up with it.
Yamato: Miyako...?
Miyako: So long as I have you, I can handle anything.
Yamato: Miyako...
*The Kazama Family meant more to Miyako than anyone else.*
*But she wouldn't mind not being able to see them for a while?*
*A month ago, she would have never said anything like that.*
Miyako: Mn heh heh... Yamato.
Yamato: Miyako...
*...I couldn't get the feeling out of my head...*
*That, as happy and merry as we were...*
*The closer together we became, the more she distanced herself from the outside world.*
Yamato: Hey, Miyako... Nmm.
Miyako: Yamato... Yamato. *kiss, suck*...
*She gently, passionately, and lovingly caressed my mouth.*
*I surrendered myself to the pleasure.*
*And in the sweetness of her saliva I could taste my self-indulgent depravity.*
*At the archery range.*
Miyako: It's been a long time.
Miyako: Now then. I need to do enough that my skills don't dull.
Yumiko: Hey freshman! Make sure to shout before you go to fetch arrows! What if you were struck by an arrow?!
Kosugi: Oh, Captain! Look, it's Shiina-senpai!
Yumiko: ...Oh, Shiina-san! ...Mm, ahem, mm.
Kosugi: (Captain, It's so premium how you're psyching yourself up!)
Yumiko: Shiina-san, why didn't you come during the post-exam break?
Miyako: I was hanging out with my boyfriend.
Yumiko: I instructed you to come on either Saturday or Sunday!
Yumiko: No matter how skilled you are, you have to work with me!
Miyako: ...
Yumiko: Are you listening to me, Shiina-san?! Club activities are group activities!
*The archery range was deathly silent.*
Miyako: (I don't like standing out..)
Yumiko: If you won't follow the policies of the club, then maybe you shouldn't even come!
Miyako: I understand. Then, I quit. Goodbye.
Yumiko: ...There's--There's no need to decide so quickly, Shiina-san!
Yumiko: Why do you have to be so contrary? Spend a few minutes thinking about it before you decide what to--
Miyako: I was already long tired of this game.
Sophomore Club Member: --!
Yumiko: ...Game?!
Miyako: So this is a good opportunity for me to leave. Bye.
Kosugi: Hey! Please wait, Shiina-senpai!
Kosugi: No matter how premium a senpai you may be, I can't let that statement stand. Take it back!
Miyako: Then let's have a match. If you win, I'll take it back.
Kosugi: ...Let's do it! An archery contest!
*A match where the two archers alternated shots. The first to miss would lose.*
Sophomore Club Member: Musashi-san, you can't win! Not at archery, not against her!
Kosugi: I won't know unless I try!
*Yet, Miyako won decisively.*
Miyako: Eight in a row... Not too shabby.
*It didn't matter how hard Kosugi tried. Miyako did not miss. Ever.*
Kosugi: Ooh...
Yumiko: It hurts to say it, but you truly are amazing...
Miyako: Musashi-san, you're too obsessed with the match. You should just shoot.
Kosugi: Well, we're just getting started! If I can't outshoot you, then let's fight hand-to-hand!
Yumiko: Huh?! That doesn't make any sense. You can't, Musashi-san!
Kosugi: I have to beat her in something!
Miyako: There you go again... You're such a sore loser. Aren't you in class S?
Kosugi: I'm still the strongest freshman! Hiya!
*She attacked savagely.*
*Too savagely. Miyako used Kosugi's momentum against her and easily threw the younger girl.*
Kosugi: Huh...?!
Miyako: I'm not likely to lose, even hand-to-hand.
*Miyako struck Kosugi while she lay dumbfounded on the ground.*
Kosugi: Ah...
*A violent punch to the chin rocked Kosugi, knocking her unconscious.*
Miyako: I've confirmed she's unconscious... So then.
Yumiko: M-Musashi-san?! Musashi-san, are you all right?!
Sophomore Club Member: --!
*The club members silently opened a path for Miyako.*
Miyako: ...What a good-for-nothing club...
*--Italian shopping district, on the set of 'Departing'.*
Kyojin: I wonder how many aspiring actors will come.
Tadakatsu: They act proud, but a bunch of 'em are actually lowbrow... Should be a decent crowd.
Kyojin: Oh. Looks like most all of Class F showed up.
Kyojin: And, from Class S, there's just Fushikawa and Aoi's gang?
Kokoro: On a noble whim, I decided to come here to observe.
Kokoro: And then it turned out each and every person here was a bumpkin.
Kokoro: I thought I would show mercy on the director and provide him a far more elegant candidate.
Kokoro: Wouldn't you agree, Yuki?! Let us show them the beauty of Class S!
Koyuki: *om nom nom* Wahehheh. Yummy
Ikurou: Oh, you're eating cream bread!
Gakuto: You do like sweet things. Okay, next is--
Kokoro: What are you feeding her?!
Koyuki: Oh. I was going to give them a marshmallow as thanks, too.
Touma: Yuki, someone gave you bread? That was rather nice of them.
Koyuki: Those people are good people.
Ikurou: Aww, she went back to the hunk.
Touma: Thank you for entertaining our Yuki.
Gakuto: I didn't expect to see guys like you out here.
Touma: I sensed in this moment the trappings of fate. Heheh...
Gakuto: Would it kill ya to talk normally?
Touma: Frankly, I hoped beautiful men and women would come here by the score, ready to fall to my wiles...
Touma: Yet everyone here is an acquaintance... Though that is not terribly disappointing.
Kokoro: Even so, all of you monkeys are stinking up the place.
Chika: You can be such a bitch. Guys, let's ignore her.
Kokoro: You hope to appear on the silver screen? Hohoho! I cannot contain my laughter.
Chika: And you won't even leave me alone... What's wrong with you?
Chika: I struck out at the mixer too, dammit.
Kokoro: Why not take a look in the mirror? You would see reflected there a yodel.
Haguro: What'd you say, bitch?! I'll kick your ass!
*Haguro attacked Fushikawa Kokoro.*
*Haguro, whose father was a wrestling heel, moved pretty crisply, but...*
Haguro: Gotcha! Now take prepare for my Monster Suplex!
Kokoro: Au contraire, for I am the one who has caught you!
Kokoro: I have you off your feet! Toryaaaa!
Haguro: Ugweh!
*Her combat instincts were a far cry from Class S's Kokoro.*
Haguro: Huh? It doesn't hurt?!
Kokoro: I pulled back an instant before you fell. The ground is concrete, after all.
Kokoro: You are not worth fighting with all of my strength. No need to thank me. Hohoho!
Jun: Wah, even the way she holds back pisses me off.
Kazuko: You stupid little...
Tadakatsu: Hold it, Kazuko. Eat a cream puff and calm down.
Kazuko: Yum! (She calmed down.)
Koyuki: Lucky. Can I have one, too?
Kazuko: Hmm... I guess I have to. Here, take half.
Kazuko: Gaah! I'm so stupid -- I tore it in half, and now the cream's gonna--Ahh!
Kazuko: Waaah.
Koyuki: Waaah.
Jun: We both have it rough, dealing with our little girls.
Takuya: Well, we're used to it by now.
Chris: Fushikawa Kokoro... Your arrogant manner is unacceptable. Justice calls for me to act.
Chris: ...Yet there is no point to starting a fight here.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. If you wanna fight, fight over who gets a role.
Shouichi: Ta-chan, I'm thirsty!
Tadakatsu: Shut it! Go find a damn vending machine or somethin'!
Chris: A battle over who reaches the status of actor? How intriguing!
Kokoro: Heh heh. Chris, was it? You shall be a pushover.
Kazuko: Mmm, maybe it's about time to explain the movie?
Kazuko: Appearing on film sounds fun, but...
Kazuko: Ugh... I wish I had bigger boobs.
Jun: You should stay the way you are. Don't forget about the people who prefer things to stay fixed.
Kazuko: Huh?
Jun: Sorry to drop that on you, but I meant what I said. Take care.
Kyojin: Okay everyone, listen up! The director's looked over your documents, and I've got the results!
Kyojin: If I say your name, stay here. Shimazu Gakuto!
Gakuto: Aww yeah! I'll be the new Terminator model!
Kazuko: Wow, you're already planning on going to Hollywood.
Kyojin: Ogasawara Chika! Sakakibara Koyuki!
Chika: Heh heh. Oh my gosh, what if Tendou Hiro, the lead actor, talks to me?
Koyuki: Wow, I think they're calling my name!
Kyojin: Amakasu Mayo!
Mayo: Wow, I did it! And I'll earn money. What a lifesaver!
*The two friends happily jumped together in joy.*
Kyojin: Aoi Touma, Kazama Shouichi, Inoue Jun!
Kyojin: Morooka Takuya, Kawakami Kazuko!
Takuya: Huh? Wanko and I passed, too?
Kyojin: Everyone else is free to head home! Take some of these souvenirs with you.
Chris: ...Huh?
Kokoro: ...Huh?
Kyojin: Oh, thanks to your blond hair and your kimono, the director passed on you both. Said it looked too unconventional and isn't what he's looking for.
Chris: ......
Kokoro: ......
Gakuto: Umm, Yamato, Miyako, and Mayucchi all didn't attend, so...
Gakuto: I can't believe every member of the Family who tried out passed!
Kazuko: Not everyone. Kuri failed!
Gakuto: Oh, my bad! I never even imagined you failing.
Shouichi: Guys, no bullyin' Chris 'cause she's the only one who didn't pass.
Kazuko: Kuri... Live strong!
Chris: Gwah! Now I am even more angered!
Kokoro: Well, I was a fool to expect a world-class meal would be well-received at a pedestrian pub.
Jun: No one's buying it, not with all those tears.
Kokoro: Hmph. I feel not even a hint of vexation!
Koyuki: Poor Kokoro. Everyone else in Class S passed, so you have no ground left to stand on.
Kokoro: On the contrary, this is a relief!
Kokoro: I shall now head home where I shall frolic while eating caviar in an air-conditioned room. Jealous? Hoh hoh hoh!
Koyuki: Hey, you need to get going. We're trying to shoot a film here.
Kokoro: Waaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Chris: Maybe I should head home as well...
Haguro: We both failed. Wanna lick each other's wounds?
Chris: I shall pass, thank you.
*--Meanwhile, in Chris's room.*
Margit: Colonel, I have used the war funds to purchase a cake.
Chris's Father: 'Congratulations Chris on Your Acting Debut'. Perfect. The chocolate lettering is elegantly done.
Chris's Father: I am certain Chris will be overjoyed as well.
Margit: Shouldn't filming be starting right about now?
Chris's Father: I wish I could go see, but that would make me an overly doting father.
Chris's Father: At most, I can throw a grand celebration for her at her home.
Chris's Father: If she were to be scouted by a Hollywood firm and win the Mocademy Award for Best Actress... She would feel so distant.
Chris's Father: Kh... Ooh... That thought brings tears to my eyes...
Chris's Father: Please don't let it be so. My daughter is my finest treasure.
Margit: Please calm down, Colonel.
Margit: No matter what happens, Frau Chris will remain herself.
Chris's Father: You are right. What sort of father cries when his daughter leaves the nest?
Chris's Father: All right. When she gets home, immediately set off the party poppers.
Margit: An excellent idea. I'm sure Frau Chris will be excited as well.
*.........*
Kyojin: Have you read the script? Do you understand your roles?
Chika: ...Is this for real? It can't be right.
Kyojin: What'd you expect from a bit role?
Chika: But a lady of the night? ...Though like, that's not the real problem.
Kyojin: You have to step fully into the role of being a taxi passenger.
Chika: But even so... This just seems a bit...
Shouichi: Hm? What's it say there? Let's act it out.
Chika: Huh? If you say so, Kazama-kun... *Cough!*
Chika: Hey, so I don't actually have any money...
Chika: But if we go to a hotel, I'm sure I can make it worth your while.
Chika: Like, what's with this?!
Gakuto: (That was spot-on.)
Takuya: (She was spot-on.)
Jun: (Pretty spot-on...)
Shouichi: Hmm? What's the big deal?!
Chika: Well, it's such a sexualized bit part...
Shouichi: You gotta start out by acing the roles you're given.
Shouichi: Be the sexiest bit role ever!
Shouichi: Pull it off, and you won't be doing that stuff long. You'll start moving up in the world, get yourself bigger and better roles.
Shouichi: Rather than get in a funk because things ain't perfect, do the best with what you've got!
Chika: O-Okay... Yeah.
Chika: (You're so perfect, Kazama... I'm in love.)
Kyojin: Kazama, how are you doing as a host? Can you perform it?
Shouichi: Eh, this whole thing feels kinda boring to me, so I quit.
Chika: Hey!!!
Touma: Now, no need to be like that. Why won't you take the stage with me?
Touma: I will play the gentle host. Kazama-kun, the innocent.
Jun: And I'm the silent badass.
Jun: Quit your bitching, woman, and fill my glass with Don Peri.
Touma: Goodness me. Jun, you're really getting into it.
Kyojin: Well, looks like you'll be fine.
Mayo: So, about my role...
Mayo: I'm a child who gets into the taxi while searching for her father...
Mayo: Do you think he miscast me?
Kyojin: Well, personally, I can't think of a better role for--
Kyojin: Uh, I mean--Well, maybe, sure!
Mayo: Although, this is a job. I should see it through...
Kyojin: Then why don't you give us a sample?
Mayo: Don't blame me if I don't fit the part... Ahem!
Mayo: 'Mister! My father's missing! Please, help me find him!'
Mayo: I don't know if I can do any better than that...
Kyojin: Yeah, that was perfect. Don't worry, your acting's phenomenal.
Touma: Come now, Jun. Take your eyes off the poor girl and focus on our own practice, if you would?
Kyojin: Kawakami, Sakakibara, are you two ready?
Kazuko: Umm, I'm supposed to act like a modern schoolgirl, right?
Kazuko: Wouldn't Haguro be way better at this than me?
Gakuto: Hey, Gen! How dare you set up a guy as pure as I?
Tadakatsu: What're you on about?
Gakuto: My role. I'm a robber, and I can deal with that, but...
Gakuto: But I gotta hijack a taxi, which catches fire and I go up in flames? Without a stunt double?!
Tadakatsu: Didn't you say you wanted your muscles to explode onto the big screen?
Gakuto: Not literally!
Tadakatsu: Sure it's dangerous... But you know, girls love a guy who's dangerous.
Gakuto: Yeah, I had the same idea. I spent some time workin' on my autograph.
Chika: Devoting and risking your life for your work is great, but you? Popular? As if.
Tadakatsu: You didn't even blink.
Gakuto: A girl like her, she might say one thing, but that body don't lie.
Chika: I did try to warn you. Go off and roast yourself for all I care.
Tadakatsu: I'll be on standby with a fire extinguisher.
Gakuto: When I'm on fire, you're goin' to cover me with that white spunk?
Tadakatsu: C'mon, get going. Sounds like they're going straight to your scene.
Kyojin: Have they ever heard of rehearsals?
Takuya: ......
Kazuko: What's wrong, Moro? What role did you get?
Takuya: Well... So I'm a new office worker.
Kazuko: That's kind of lifelike.
Takuya: I'm not particularly skilled at anything, just an office worker, and I'm worried I might've screwed up my life somewhere along the way.
Takuya: My friends find huge success, while I'm in a dead-end job.
Takuya: My friends get married, but I don't even have anyone...
Takuya: Every day, all I do is go home, surf the net, and go to bed...
Takuya: And for a run-of-the-mill office worker, I've got a lot of lines.
Kazuko: Whoa. And hey, your script is way thicker than everyone else's!
Kyojin: You must be proud of yourself, Morooka. Your sheer normality caught the director's eye. He thinks you have real talent.
Kazuko: Wow. Mororo, you're going to be a star!
Kazuko: ...Oh, but the script keeps going and going.
Kazuko: What'll you do? There's no way you can finish in one day.
Kyojin: Heck, he won't even finish in two or three. If you're in for this, you'll be spending most every day on-site.
Kazuko: Should he be doing that much in his first role?
Kyojin: That's just how badly the director wants him.
Kyojin: He said Morooka looks like he was born for the role.
Kazuko: I'd be lying if I said that wasn't a good thing...
Kazuko: But in a way, it seems kind of rude.
Kazuko: What'll you do, Moro? You would lose your whole summer break.
Takuya: ...If he wants me, I'll give it my all!
Kazuko: Amazing. You're never this fired up!
Takuya: I completely understand how this character feels.
Takuya: It's like, he's me.
Takuya: So I have to try!
Kyojin: Oh, good going. Then I'll introduce you to the director. Try not to get weirded out.
Kazuko: That's so cool. I'll be cheering you on!
Takuya: Thanks... Well, he might fire me after he sees me act.
Takuya: But I'll try!
Gakuto: Nwahh! I am on fire! The burning, the burning!
Director: Don't stop! Keep rolling!
Director: This is scenes is going to be great.
Takuya: Haha. He's a bit strange all right... I hope Gakuto's fine.
Kazuko: You'd have to be crazy to cast a beginner for such a big role.
Kazuko: Oh, the fire's out. And Gakuto's looking fine, of course.
Takuya: A-All right. I'll do my best!
*--That night, in Yamato's room.*
Yamato: You quit the club?!
Miyako: Mm-hm. Why are you so surprised?
Miyako: I barely ever showed up anyways.
Yamato: But don't you have to keep in shape?
Miyako: With the bow? ...Relax. I'll keep practicing.
Miyako: All I have to do is make the shot when I need to.
Yamato: That's great, but you're missing the point.
Yamato: How can you quit when you're so good at it?
Miyako: I've already shot an arrow through your heart.
Yamato: Did you tell them you were quitting and leave?
Miyako: Mm-mm. We had a fight, and then I left.
Yamato: Ohh.
Miyako: But that's fine...
Yamato: No it's not.
Miyako: Yes it is!
Miyako: I mean... I have you, Yamato.
*She pushed me onto my back.*
*She straddled me on all fours and licked my face.*
Miyako: I love you... Yamato... Yamato... Yamato.
Yamato: Ohhhhh.
*I could feel the depth of her love, which I truly did appreciate, but...*
Miyako: Do you want to lick my ass?
Yamato: Yeah.
Miyako: Then I'll strip... Lick it as much as you want.
*I was dragged along by her precocious body.*
*One I could fuck again and again and keep on cumming.*
*But was this really all right?*
*It was finally summer break.*
Chris: Wah! Cicadas are diving in through the window.
*Large brown ones on the brink of death buzzed and writhed about.*
Chika: Gaah, yuck! Wanko, do something!
Kazuko: Yes, sir. Hey, I caught one!
Kazuko: Well, Kuri? Bow before the queen of cicada catching!
Takuya: Right. Now that you mention it, there was a lot of buzz about you back in the day.
Kazuko: I spent a whole summer gathering their husks! What do you think about that, Kuri?!
Chris: Keep them away from me!
Kazuko: Oh, the poor knight's afraid of cicadas.
Chris: Kh. Their insides look disgusting!
Miyako: C'mon. Don't be mean to her.
Kazuko: Okay, okay.
Kazuko: Yamato, I caught some!
Yamato: Don't bring them to me. Just toss them out the window, please.
Kazuko: You'll fly again!
*She opened her hands and the cicadas mustered the last of their strength to dance into the air.*
Cicada: I owe that child my thanks... We should try to enjoy life just a little bit longer!
Kazuko: I have a feeling that's what they're saying.
Gakuto: Um, those cicadas... just became a bird's lunch.
Kazuko: Oh no...
Miyako: That's why everyone and everything has to live in the moment. (She cuddled up against me.)
Yamato: Try to keep a little distance here at school, please... Not that I mind.
Chris: How sultry... Well, so long as you are happy.
Gakuto: Argh, damn it. My burns won't stop stinging.
Yamato: Just how dangerous of a movie was it?
Gakuto: Eh, not bad. I'm a tough boy, so I only suffered flesh wounds.
Gakuto: I'm more upset about what happened after! When I talked to my girlfriend about the movie, she...
Ami: Oh? So you like the heat, pig?
Gakuto: That's not what I meant. And I'm not a pig.
Ami: You can have those candles. The ones dripping with wax.
Gakuto: Gaaaaahhhh! HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT!
Ami: That's the reaction I'm looking for! Have some more, you pig!
Gakuto: ...Can you believe that? We still haven't even kissed.
Yamato: Just break up already, before things get even worse.
Gakuto: But if a hard S like that opens her heart to me, wouldn't that be awesome?
Takuya: Sure, if there were a more than 0% chance of that even happening.
Yamato: So Moro, you're going to keep going with the movie?
Takuya: Yeah. The director got pretty angry at how bad my acting was.
Takuya: But that awfulness fit the character perfectly, so he begged me to stay... Long story short, I'll be learning how to act on the job.
Yamato: Then congratulations are in order?
Takuya: Yeah. I'll do the best that I can.
Chika: That's so amazing. And everyone else was done shooting after just one day, too.
Mayo: Morooka-chan was the only one to get special treatment! Clap clap clap.
Takuya: Nah, I'm just...
Takuya: But shooting is going to get heavy next week.
Takuya: I might not be able to make the Friday Meetings for a while.
Gakuto: Nothin' you can do. Don't hold back because of that.
Takuya: I won't.
History Teacher: You there! Whatever are you doing?!
Kyojin: Hey! You little rascal! That's dangerous!
Kazuko: Hm? Are the teachers yelling at us?
Shouichi: Whoosh, good mornin'!
Chris: And now Capt has dived in through the window?!
Mayo: Wait, this is the third floor!
Shouichi: I climbed my way up here. Thought I'd get in some light practice!
Tadakatsu: Oh, you actually got in here in one piece? Nice climbing.
History Teacher: There is no point in admiring such behavior, none!
Kazuko: Practice? Practice for what?
Shouichi: I'm gonna be heading off to Jordan.
Chris: That would certainly not have been my first guess.
Shouichi: I'm gonna be exploring the ancient ruins out there with my dad.
Shouichi: He told me that they're short on hands, so I oughta come join up with him!
Takuya: Huh? Then you're going to the Middle East?
Shouichi: Investigating ancient ruins... Doesn't that get you pumped?
Shouichi: I have to be at Narita by 11. Here's my leave-of-absence form.
*He put the form atop the teacher's podium.*
Chris: Hey. Today is Friday. What about our meeting?!
Shouichi: That's right. Yamato, you be my proxy!
Shouichi: Take care of the Family for me! I'll be back in September!
Gakuto: Capt, there's still tons to talk about! Get back here!
Yamato: And hey, I never said I'd be your proxy!
Shouichi: Hahaha! I live the way I want!
Umeko: Stop, Kazama! This is simply--!
Shouichi: Later bitches!
*This time, he leapt out the third-story window.*
*Sliding down the rain gutter.*
Miyako: Jordan, out of the blue...? He's certainly outdone himself.
Yamato: Capt, he's always full of bombshells...
Chika: He's taking a break from school to explore the ruins? How romantic.
Mayo: He's like an adventurer.
Gakuto: Kah kah kah. Looks like he nabbed everyone's attention, just like that.
Takuya: It's fine. This will help me really step into my role.
Kosugi: Ah... Is that Kazama-senpai I see running?
Kosugi: He's hot, but I wish he weren't so out-of-control...
Kosugi: Given that, maybe his friend Naoe-senpai's more my type?
Kosugi: But Naoe-senpai is Shiina-senpai's boyfriend...
Kosugi: She probably won him over with those boobs... Yeah, I'm sure of it.
Kosugi: And that means the rumors are true.
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Momoyo: This isn't funny. Why do I have to go waste time in the mountains?
Lu: I expected you'd refuse. I know you too well.
Tesshin: You will spend your summer in the mountains with me, working when it's sunny and studying when it's wet.
Momoyo: That's torture... Are you trying to pluck my angelic wings?
Tesshin: See it as training, Granddaughter.
Momoyo: There's no better training than battle. So if you wanna train me, let's duel.
Lu: We have prepared you an opponent.
Momoyo: ......I know this aura. It's--
Ageha: Mwahahaha! Kuki Ageha has arrived!
Momoyo: Oh, Ageha-san! Long time no see.
Ageha: Kawakami, you are as dazzling as ever!
Momoyo: Seyah!
Ageha: Hiyah!
*Ageha cleanly dodged Momoyo's hard punch.*
*The vacuum and aftershocks it produced, Tesshin deflected skywards.*
Momoyo: I'd expect that much from you, Ageha-san. You haven't weakened one bit.
Ageha: We do not skip training. One must take care of herself.
Momoyo: Most people wouldn't survive that attack.
Ageha: Yes, given that your fist bore right through your foe's guard.
Tesshin: She will be joining you on your mountain retreat. How does that sound?
Momoyo: Me, in the mountains? With Ageha-san? ...That sounds awesome! I won't be bored.
Ageha: We have taken a temporary leave from work.
Ageha: Shameful as it is to admit, We are still subject to fits of anger.
Ageha: We must train Our spirit, that We might deal with the cunning men and women who have the world under their thumbs.
Ageha: As such, We requested that We be allowed to train Our spirit this summer at the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: You're okay with this? With letting someone from another school train with us?
Tesshin: It is fine. I will be training not your fists, but rather your hearts.
Ageha: As such, Momoyo, We will join you in every day of training.
Momoyo: Then I'm down with this. I'm game.
Lu: Oh, it all came together.
Tesshin: Good. I shall use this opportunity to temper her heart!
*.........*
*The underground school Web site.*
*An intraschool forum, but it was a place to mingle in name only. Malicious gossip ruled the space.*
Suguru: Now then, let me make today's rounds.
*He was enjoying his daily routine of surfing the net.*
Suguru: First, the news bulletins... As painful as ever. Next, I'll gather information at Katoyuu... Welp, now I visit NucoNuco Video...
Suguru: Then I'll finish up with some trolling.
Suguru: Let's find a popular manga artist... and post... So lame. Who still likes this predictable crap? XD
Suguru: Now, let's see who rises to the bait.
*--Ten minutes later.*
Suguru: Oh my. Look at these suckers just snapping at it.
Suguru: I've got 18 so far... Heh heh. Not too bad.
Suguru: Maybe I'll go to Kawakami Academy's underground site and...
Suguru: Hmm, there's a number of new threads.
Suguru: A thread on The Theory of Bitches Being Bimbos (2)?
Suguru: Hmm. I'll give it a bump.
Suguru: Time to start writing... (His fingers flew across the keyboard.)
Suguru: This is Theodore Three. He can automatically get the third post in any thread. And post.
Suguru: Everyone pissed off at Class S, post here! Topic 9 (55). Nice.
Suguru: What's this? Class S is full of sheltered babies. Just wait until they they enter the real world.
Suguru: I could be in Class S too, if I tried! ...Heh, in your dreams.
Suguru: How worthless... There's nothing fun in here. Just some envious normies.
Suguru: I wonder if there is some fresh material... Hm?
Suguru: A thread on 2-F? Let's check it out.
Suguru: I'm so jealous of Naoe and Shiina being all lovey-dovey.
Suguru: But they look so nice together. ...Heh.
Suguru: Hm...?
Suguru: But Shiina's the daughter of a prostitute. Didn't you know?
Suguru: What the...?
*The sound of wind chimes, a melody over the cicadas' echoing cries.*
*And for percussion, the whirs of an electric fan.*
Yamato: It's a Japanese summer...
Miyako: Yamato, would you like to slurp and suck on these tokoroten noodles?
Yamato: Yes, thank you. Also -- that was hella sexy.
Miyako: I made sure to add mustard.
Yamato: ...Okay. But not too much.
Miyako: I'm impressed you can eat it with so little mustard.
*Miyako's tokoroten broth was dyed yellow.*
Miyako: Mmm, this mustard tastes so good.
Yamato: You're eating tokoroten noodles with mustard, right? Not just mustard?
Miyako: Don't sweat the small stuff. Mm... It burns, but it's so good...
Yamato: Your cooking's always spicy as hell.
Yamato: But this time it's normal! I can actually eat it!
Miyako: You can be a jerk sometimes.
*Miyako kindly held back the amount of spice in my portion ever since that one time I got swollen lips after eating her cooking.*
Yamato: You've learned how to accentuate the flavor with the spices.
Miyako: You say 'accentuate', I say 'compromised'.
Miyako: Well, even so, the most important thing to me is that you're happy.
Yamato: Yeah.
Miyako: Kiss me...
Yamato: Right now, your lips taste like mustard.
Miyako: Yes. It's a little different.
*As we kissed, I looked up at the blue sky.*
*Capt had actually gone to Jordan.*
*The day he'd arrived, a steel frame had happened to fall while he was passing a construction site.*
*He'd avoided it somehow, but... None of this sat well with me.*
*And that had been the least of the strange phenomena. For starters...*
*The water in the shower had suddenly turned red.*
*If I'd seen something that strange, I'd conclude the ruins were cursed and pack my bags, but Capt?*
Shouichi: This is so cool! I'm totally getting to the heart of the ruins!
*It had actually fired him up. Right now, they were preparing for their expedition.*
*That man was nothing if not a gust of wind.*
*Meanwhile, Moro was busy filming.*
*He didn't have that many appearances, but he was so bad that just getting through one scene took an eternity.*
*Moro, on the silver screen? Life just didn't make sense sometimes.*
Miyako: It's about time I folded the laundry.
Miyako: You can just relax, Yamato.
Yamato: I have to clean my room.
Miyako: I already finished that.
Miyako: You can just leave everything to me. *kiss*
Yamato: Miyako...
*She briskly did the housework.*
*And except for the spiciness of her cooking, her work was perfect.*
*Save for her erotic side, she was the spitting image of the ideal Japanese beauty.*
Yamato: Then I'll go buy some things out by the station.
Miyako: I'll go with you.
Miyako: ...Oh, but... Maybe the sun's too hot today.
Yamato: Don't push yourself. I'll be back soon.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll be waiting.
*--Kawakami Station.*
Yamato: Mm, it's been a long time since I've been out by myself.
*Since the start of summer break, Miyako had been sleeping in my room; she'd basically moved in with me.*
Yamato: Okay, let me buy some comics... And I'll pick up a book from the library.
Chika: Oh, it's Naocchi.
Haguro: Like, this is totally such a coincidence!
Yamato: Huh? Why are you in your uniforms?
Chika: Each of us failed one subjects on the semester exams, and now we're stuck going to school in the summer!
Haguro: Someone with good grades like you could never understand our pain!
Yamato: So you're on your way home? Take care, then.
Chika: Better idea: Want to have a quick chat over at Gosto's?
Chika: I wanna hear about your life with your girlfriend.
Haguro: Oh, I'm so interested!
Yamato: Okay. That's fine.
*So long as it didn't take over an hour.*
*...But what did they actually have in mind?*
Haguro: Like Naoe, I could never get with you. You're just not Jojo-y enough for me.
Chika: Ahaha, what's that even mean?
Haguro: You know, a guy with a bizarre side.
Chika: Oh, I get it. *om nom nom* ...Mm, maybe I ate too much.
Haguro: Don't erupt on me, girl.
*Miyako could be erotic, but she had character.*
*The two of them seemed intolerable, now.*
Haguro: Oh, I wanna fall in love, too. Like, I'm in love with bein' in love.
Chika: Think before you talk, Haguro.
Haguro: Calm yo tits. I'm just keepin' the conversation flowin'.
Chika: With non-sequiturs?
*This was exhausting.*
Chika: How are things with Shiinacchi? You lovey-dovey already?
Yamato: Pretty much. We're living in love.
Haguro: Shit, I still don't even know the meanin' of love.
Chika: Lucky. I wish I could find love too.
*I wished I could go home.*
*But I didn't let that show; I coped with a smile.*
*...At the Shimazu Dorm, in Yamato's room...*
*Miyako was polishing Cookie.*
Miyako: You're a new model, so we have to keep you clean.
Cookie: Yep. Thanks as always.
Miyako: Right about now, your master's probably in the ruins.
Cookie: Yep, probably... I hope he's all right.
Miyako: With Capt, like... I can't imagine him not being all right.
Miyako: Even without any proof, nothing can make me feel otherwise. That's how amazing he is.
Cookie: I wish I could've gone too.
Cookie: I could've helped so much if I changed forms.
Miyako: Right? That was so rude of him, leaving you behind.
Cookie: ...He can be so wild, sometimes.
Miyako: Whoever becomes Capt's wife is going to have a long road ahead of her.
Cookie: He's the kind of guy who makes a great friend, but a bad boyfriend?
Miyako: I can't see anyone but Yamato as boyfriend material.
Cookie: I guess you can't, yeah. That was a silly question.
Miyako: Okay, I'm done polishing you.
Cookie: Yeah. Thanks for making me all shiny!
Cookie: Yamato must be so happy to have a girlfriend like you.
Miyako: Heheh... Thank you.
Miyako: Right now, I couldn't be happier myself!
Cookie: And the two of you will live happily ever after.
*--The secret base.*
*Today was the day for the Friday Meeting.*
Gakuto: So where is everyone?!
Gakuto: Capt, Moro, and Mayucchi are all missing!
Chris: Moro is surely busy with filming, while Capt is in Jordan.
Kazuko: But it's weird for Mayucchi not to be around.
Miyako: Hmm? I got a text from Mayucchi herself.
Miyako: She said she's at a classmate's house, and will be a little late.
Yamato: Tell her there's no rush.
Yamato: After all, she's finally got herself a friend.
Momoyo: Hmm. Then would this be everyone for today?
Momoyo: Yamato, the most beautiful person here has an announcement.
Yamato: Oh. Miyako, you have something to say?
Miyako: Oh Yamato, you always say that.
Momoyo: Great. Well, if you're that close, then you should be fine.
Momoyo: Because I'm heading off to the mountains with Ageha-san, my old rival.
Gakuto: Bwuh? Momo-senpai, why the heck would you need to do that?
Momoyo: Gramps says I have to go 'reforge my spirit', whether I want to or not.
Momoyo: But with Ageha-san going to, it's going to be fun.
Momoyo: So I'll be missing meetings starting next week.
Yamato: So, which mountain are you going to?
Momoyo: The Kunlun mountain range. The plane leaves tomorrow.
Yamato: In the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region... For how long?
Momoyo: Lonely already? Don't worry, I'll be back by September.
Yamato: I see.
Miyako: You actually do sound lonely. Now I'm jealous.
Yamato: I didn't realize how much she meant to me until she was gone.
Momoyo: Uh, I'm still here.
Momoyo: And right now, I'm accepting donations.
Yamato: Alternatively, you could pay me back what you owe me before you leave.
Momoyo: Zzz...
Chris: So Momo-senpai is going overseas too...
Chris: Hm? Dog is fine with being alone?
Miyako: (Only you would ask that question so directly, Chris.)
Kazuko: They said I'm still not strong enough... Ooh.
Chris: I-I see.
Momoyo: She could never join in the battles between me and Ageha-san.
Momoyo: But if that bothers you, then get stronger.
Kazuko: Yep! I can't wait to be as strong as you!
Gakuto: Hmm. So startin' next week, Momo-senpai will be absent too.
Yamato: Chris is so sad, she's about to cry.
Chris: No I am not!
*Our Friday Meeting was as boisterous as ever.*
*However, without Capt, it felt like something was missing.*
*Well, there were still a fair number of us... Things would surely be fine.*
*Or so I thought.*
*The blazing-hot summer of 2009 continued.*
Yukie: 
Yamato: Oh. You look like you're having fun, Mayucchi.
Yukie: I am. Oowada-san and I are going fishing.
Yamato: Oh. Nice going. You're already friends.
Yukie: But there's one dark spot, or maybe I should say I'm worried, or...
Yamato: What?
Yukie: Anyways, over summer break, Oowada-san only has time on Fridays and Saturdays.
Yukie: That completely overlaps with the Friday meeting... And I don't think I'll be making it today either...
Yamato: Don't worry about it.
Yamato: If you wind up hanging out somewhere, be sure to tell me.
Yukie: Thank you so much!
*Mayucchi was doing her best too.*
*At the moment, Miyako was out shopping.*
*So what was I to do? I decided to...*
Go to the shopping district
Go to school
Go to Kawakami Station
Relax at home
Yamato: I wonder if anyone's here... Oh.
Mayo: Hut, two, hut, two.
*Class Rep was hustling about, a shopping bag in hand.*
Yamato: Class Rep, what's up?!
Mayo: Oh, Naoe-chan! Good day!
Yamato: Are you on your way home the market?
Mayo: I am. They had a special Lucky Sevens sale for the seventh, and I bought so much.
Yamato: Let me carry some.
Mayo: I-I couldn't ask you to do that.
Yamato: Whoa, this is heavy! You don't have to push yourself, Class Rep.
Mayo: Aren't you in a hurry?
Yamato: I've got nothing going on.
Mayo: But I'd feel bad for Shiina-chan.
Yamato: If anything, if she found out, she'd probably consider it another reason to love me.
Mayo: Ahaha. Then if you would be so kind.
Yamato: Leave it to me.
*.........*
Mayo: Are things between you and Shiina-chan going well?
Yamato: Yeah.
Mayo: If anything happens, feel free to talk to me.
Mayo: I want her to be happy.
Mayo: As the big sister in our class, please make that happen!
Yamato: O-Okay!
*There was no refusing her.*
*Even during summer break, Class Rep still thought about all of us.*
Yamato: School, huh.
*I made my way there.*
Yamato: No one's around, unsurprisingly.
Kokoro: Oh, if it isn't one of Class F's monkeys.
Yamato: Hey. Supplemental lessons?
Kokoro: Heavens no, you moron!
Kokoro: I am returning from a tea party.
Yamato: A tea party. At school.
Kokoro: It was organized by Mr. Ayanokouji, our history teacher.
Kokoro: If you're interested, I'm sure he would extend you an invitation.
Yamato: Nah, I'm good.
Kokoro: Tch. I hoped to see you beg, only for him to cast you aside.
Kokoro: Mm. Come to think of it, regarding your girlfriend...
Yamato: What about her?
Kokoro: ...No, never mind.
Yamato: (Her tone sounded teasing, yet curious, blended with guilt over making it the topic of conversation.)
Yamato: (Whatever it was, it couldn't have been anything good.)
*But what had she wanted to say?*
*I could hazard a guess, though...*
Yamato: Maybe I'll head down to the station...
Yamato: It's still pretty cool around here... Hm?
Bookstore Owner: Hey, if it ain't one of ya idiots.
Yamato: Hello. (It was the owner of the place where Capt worked.)
Bookstore Owner: So, that bandana-clad idiot still breathing?
Yamato: He's as good as ever! (Probably...)
Bookstore Owner: He's an idiot, but it's rough bein' without him.
Bookstore Owner: When he's over and done with whatever it is, tell him he's to get his butt back here.
Yamato: Uh, yes, sir.
Bookstore Owner: Also, you like books, don't ya? Stop by my place sometime.
Bookstore Owner: We've got a ton of old books.
Yamato: I'll look forward to it.
Bookstore Owner: Great. My selection's good enough to make a specialist cry.
Bookstore Owner: See ya, ya idiot!
*...Everyone loved Capt, it seemed.*
Yamato: It's hot. Going outside would be such a pain...
Yamato: Especially when I can admire my hermit crabs instead.
*I gazed at the hermit crabs I raised in my room.*
Yamato: In this heat, you guys take it easy.
*I gave them their expensive hermit crab food.*
*Hermy and Crabba quickly gobbled it up.*
Yamato: Hermit crabs really are divine works of art.
Yamato: Just looking at their beautiful forms makes me hard.
Yamato: ...Heheheh...
*I watched and watched, but slowly grew tired.*
*Eventually, I gave myself over to sleep and closed my eyes.*
*The next thing I knew, I was in the secret base.*
Momoyo: I can't forgive you for eloping with Miyako, and not me.
Momoyo: I guess your dog training didn't take hold.
Momoyo: I'll try one last time to make your heart mine.
Yamato: No. I have Miyako!
Momoyo: Your body tells a different story.
Yamato: Stop... Nee-san, Nee-san!
Yamato: ...Hah!
*It was a dream.*
Yamato: Whew... That was close. Thank goodness Miyako didn't hear.
*Only a few days without Nee-san around, and *that* invaded my dreams?*
*When Miyako was the woman I loved?*
Yamato: Besides, I'm a hard M. That whole dream was just stupid.
*Or maybe I actually had a bit of a thing for sisters?*
Yamato: ...I can worry about that later. For now, I'm going to sleep.
Yamato: And that's absolutely not because I'm eager to see what happens next, by the way.
*An excuse no one could hear but me.*
Touma: My patience is near its limit.
Touma: I will make you mine, whatever the cost.
Touma: But rest assured I won't cum inside you.
Touma: Now then, let us graduate from mere heterosexuality.
Touma: I have your certificate rolled up right here, ready to stuff inside you... Ready?
Yamato: Gaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!
Yamato: ...*huff* *huff*... Oh, just a dream... There's divine punishment, and then there's that.
Yamato: ...I'm not getting back to sleep tonight.
*--Kawakami Temple, Nakamise Way.*
Kazuko: Oh, that thundercloud looks really big...
Chika: Hey there, Wanko. Are you training?
Kazuko: Yeah. I've been out running all day, so I'm taking it easier on the way home.
Chika: Then here, have some candy. It'll help recover you from fatigue. Suck on it on the way.
Kazuko: Yay! I'd never say no to candy! Thank you!
Kazuko: It looks like your store's doing good business. That's great.
Chika: Yeah, more and more foreign tourists are coming to us!
Chika: Like, no recession can keep us down!
Kazuko: Great. Good luck!
Chika: You too, Wanko!
Tadakatsu: Yo Kazuko, you'd better be keeping yourself hydrated.
Kyojin: And don't follow any strangers.
Kazuko: I won't!
*............*
Lu: Mmm, how I love the scent of summer... Oh, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Assistant Master, I'm back!
Lu: I have good news for you, Kazuko!
Kazuko: Huh?! Did you win the lottery?
Lu: Oh, no, I lost.
Kazuko: I guess you're not as lucky as Capt.
Lu: We've officially decided who you'll be facing.
Kazuko: Wow! Now that's good news!
Kazuko: So who is he? Where's he from? What's his style?
Lu: She is a Kenyan girl called the Daughter of the Earth.
Lu: Her name is Nya-Nya. She's about the same age as you.
Kazuko: And she's strong?
Lu: She practices capoeira. Lately, she has begun to make a name for herself.
Lu: Rest assured that she is fast, a genuine speed queen.
Kazuko: I'm a speedster too, I can't lose.
Lu: That's right, Kazuko. The honor of the Kawakami Temple will rest on you.
Lu: Simply holding your own will not be enough. Win, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Sounds good to me! I'll do it!
Lu: That's the spirit! The match will be in late fall!
*--The Friday Meeting.*
*Miyako, Chris, and I waited for everyone.*
Chris: They are late.
Yamato: Right?
Miyako: Maybe they're not coming.
Yamato: Oh, Mayucchi's hanging with her friend from class.
Chris: Which leaves Gakuto and Dog? Well, I do expect them to arrive soon.
Miyako: Why don't we text them? I'll handle Gakuto.
Chris: Then I shall query Dog.
Miyako: Oh... He said he's... With his girlfriend.
Yamato: He's still going out with the queen?
Chris: Dog... Is not answering.
Chris: Shall I try calling her?
Chris: Oh, she picked up. Hey, Dog. The Friday Meeting has begun.
Chris: What? You are out running? In Chiba's Kujuukuri?
Miyako: Another marathon trip.
Yamato: That's so like her.
Chris: That means this is all of us for tonight.
Miyako: It's our first time to have three people at a meeting.
Yamato: This place feels so big with just us here.
Miyako: ......
Yamato: ......
Chris: W-Well, we could... we could play a board game!
Chris: I was certain there were still more games piled up here. Umm...
Chris: Here! Excitecar Racing!
Chris: What color will you choose? I shall choose yellow!
Miyako: ...The box says we need at least four players.
Chris: Oof!
Cookie 2: Then my moment has come!
Chris: Oh, Cookie! You will make four!
Cookie 2: In this game, intelligence carries the day. Let us compete, Yamato.
Yamato: Sounds good. Let's play.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Cookie 2: Let me apologize in advance for my immaturity.
*...Thus began our three-person, one-machine meeting.*
Cookie 2: Fear me, Yamato, for I have blockaded your route!
Yamato: That's fine. I'll use up my slow-movement cards.
Chris: I shall move farther and farther ahead!
Yamato: Chris, you're overusing your fast cards without any long-term plan.
Yamato: See? I'm back in the race. And I just overtook you.
Chris: Ahh. Curse you, Yamato!
Cookie 2: Ngh. Damn your perseverance!
Cookie 2: ...In that case, I must as least defeat Chris!
Chris: Do not harass me!
Miyako: That's how board games work.
*It didn't take long for things to start heating up.*
*--On the shores of the Tama River.*
Cookie 2: Dwaahh! Should any perverts show up, leave them to me! Ngh!
*Cookie 2 started swinging his saber about.*
Miyako: He's so suspicious, all the perverts will run away. We'll be fine.
Chris: Mm. I nearly had you beat at the end!
Yamato: You're still going on about that? You really are a poor loser.
Chris: Of course I am! Of course I am!
Chris: I will have a rematch, once everyone else returns.
Chris: This time, I will not lose!
Yamato: If you say so. (I looked at her pityingly.)
Miyako: ...When everyone else... Comes back, huh?
Miyako: Wanko and Gakuto and all of them... They'll be here next time, right?
Chris: Only Capt and Momo-senpai should regularly not be in attendance.
Yamato: Haha. Though Mayucchi's still a big question mark.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Yamato: Chris, do you know constellations?
Chris: Mar-san taught me. That's Scorpio.
Miyako: (I wonder if everyone will come...)
Miyako: (I've always assumed our stupid fun and games would never end.)
Miyako: (But maybe that's impossible now...)
Miyako: (Maybe now, everyone's moving further away...)
Miyako: (Maybe we have to graduate from having a secret base.)
Miyako: (I've been afraid of this for a long time, but I hated thinking about it, so I didn't...)
Miyako: (But... Maybe that time has finally come.)
Miyako: (That's a very... Lonely thing to consider.)
Miyako: (But... Right now, I have Yamato.)
Miyako: (Yamato, the one who rescued me from bullying.)
Miyako: (And even after that, he continued to stay with me.)
Miyako: (Yes, I have the person I love the most... That's all I need.)
Chris: And that is Cygnus!
Miyako: Yamato... (She threw her arms around me.)
Yamato: What's wrong?
Miyako: You know... Hm?
Yamato: Your phone's ringing.
Miyako: But who? I don't know this number...
Miyako: Hello? Yes, this is she... Huh?
Miyako: My father collapsed?
Miyako's Dad: The truth is, I've been in and out of the hospital this past year...
Miyako: I had no idea.
Miyako's Dad: Haha. Doctors these days can be so brutally honest.
Miyako's Dad: They said that, with my illness, I have two or three years left to live.
Miyako: Two or three years? But that's so...
Miyako's Dad: I've never felt hale since the day I heard your mother passed away...
Miyako's Dad: Yet I can't believe I'm chasing after her.
Miyako's Dad: Haha. Maybe that means some part of me still loves her.
Miyako: ......
Miyako's Dad: But that is fine. I've grown tired of life.
Miyako's Dad: I still have time. I'll do all I can to make sure you'll be fine on your own.
Miyako: But... This is all so sudden...
Miyako's Dad: It's strange... The moment I knew how much time I had left, the one only thing I wanted was to see your face.
Miyako's Dad: The fall I suffered from standing up too fast may have been a blessing in disguise. I'm glad you came back.
Miyako's Dad: I'd like to see you again, even if you can't come often.
Miyako: Father...
Miyako's Dad: Daughter, all life is transient. We must accept that.
Miyako's Dad: And treasure the days we have left.
Miyako's Dad: I feel at peace, now.
Miyako's Dad: In the afterlife, perhaps I can meet your mother once again.
Miyako's Dad: I loved her, truly...
Miyako: ...What do you want to do... With your remaining days?
Miyako's Dad: Hmm. There is no stronger proof of my time spent on this Earth than the Shiina school of kyujutsu.
Miyako's Dad: I think I would like to show as many people as possible the wonder of the bow.
Miyako: I see...
*.........*
Miyako: ...That's the conversation I had with my father at home.
Yamato: So that's what's happened...
Yamato: Miyako...
*I embraced her.*
Miyako: I... didn't love my father, I don't think.
Miyako: But the thought of him dying leaves me so... So...
Yamato: I know...
Yamato: You should try to see him from time to time.
Miyako: I know that...
Miyako: ...It's so strange... I thought my father would always be around.
Miyako: The thought of him leaving me just doesn't feel real.
Yamato: I'd feel the same way. But you don't have to worry about that just yet.
Miyako: Mm-mm, I do...
Miyako: I mean, I thought my father would be around forever, but he won't be...
Miyako: I thought everyone would always be together at the Friday Meetings, but that hasn't worked out lately.
Miyako: Nothing lasts forever, nothing at all...
Miyako: You're really all I have, Yamato...
Miyako: Yamato, I'll do anything you ask, just... Don't leave me.
Yamato: I'm your boyfriend, aren't I?!
*I embraced her.*
Miyako: Yamato!
Miyako: Yes, even if I lose everyone else, so long as I have you...
Yamato: Wait, Miyako. There's something I have to say.
Miyako: Huh...?
Yamato: I'll support you as much as I can.
Yamato: However, a woman who just clings to me is, to be honest, kind of boring.
Miyako: Yama... to...?
Yamato: I'll be by your side.
Yamato: However, don't let yourself think that means you don't need anything else.
Yamato: That's an order, as your boyfriend. Hold yourself high.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm... All right...
Yamato: Okay... (I hugged her as tight as I could.)
Miyako: Oooh...
Yamato: At times like this, you have to be strong!
Miyako: ...Mm-hm...
*Not a cloud was in the clear blue sky.*
Miyako: Hmm. It's so hot... 35 degrees... I'm going to melt.
Miyako: But I have things to do.
Yamato: Zzz...
Miyako: I'm heading out, Yamato.
Cookie: Where are you going in this heat, Miyako?
Miyako: ...You see, Yamato...
Miyako: He said he didn't want me to rely on him so heavily.
Cookie: Yamato said that?
Miyako: The Friday Meetings really are important to me...
Miyako: Being together with my friends... That's all I need to stay calm.
Cookie: You really are so close.
Miyako: So long as I have my friends, I won't have to rely on Yamato as much.
Miyako: So I'm going to go yell at the guys who haven't been coming that often.
Cookie: I see... Then I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news...
Cookie: But Yukie's heading home for Obon.
Miyako: ...Well, I certainly can't blame her for that.
Miyako: Family's important. You never know when you might lose someone...
*--Tama River, on the riverbank.*
Kazuko: CHASER!
*Kazuko was dashing about under the blazing sun.*
Miyako: Wanko, you've been running for over three hours. By this point you should have consumed at least 360ml of water to maintain optimum hydration.
Kazuko: Oh, Miyako! Huff, huff, huff...
Kazuko: Eh, I'm fine! I'll blow through this with guts and spirit!
Kazuko: Seyah!
*Drops of sweat dripped from her tanned skin as she went back to training.*
Miyako: I'll wait until she's done...
Miyako: Mmm... The asphalt is burning hot, but it's pretty cool in the shade of the trees...
*.........*
Kazuko: Aaahhh... That was a good breather. Now, back to training!
Miyako: Wait a second. Wanko, today's the Friday meeting.
Kazuko: I know that. I'll totally stop by. Sorry about last week.
Miyako: Mm, all right then.
Miyako: It feels like you're training a lot harder than normal.
Kazuko: Yeah. In late fall, I'm going to be fighting a warrior from Kenya!
Kazuko: And I have to win!
Miyako: I see. Your match is finally scheduled.
Kazuko: So I might be a little late for the meeting, depending on whether I can get through my training program.
Miyako: Huh? Wait a--
Kazuko: Seyah! DAASSSSSHHHH!
Miyako: She's on fire... Well, off to the next.
*--At the family restaurant in front of the station.*
Takuya: So you see, things are mostly done with the movie.
Miyako: Oh. Then you'll be able to make it to the meetings starting this week.
Takuya: Yeah, for the most part.
Miyako: 'The most part'?
Takuya: I might suddenly be called in at any point up through mid-November.
Miyako: I see. You must be busy.
Miyako: ...There's something about you being busy that just doesn't feel right.
Takuya: Ahaha. Well, I feel the same way myself.
Takuya: Though any of that should be limited to the weekends.
Miyako: However, I can't wait for the movie. We'll have to all see it together.
Takuya: I feel like I'd die from embarrassment... Though I really do want it to succeed.
Miyako: I think you're looking a little more mature now too.
Takuya: Huh? I do? Wah, please don't make me blush.
Gakuto: Yo! What suddenly popped up, Miyako?
Gakuto: Oh, my order? I, Gakuto, will have barley tea.
Takuya: Huh? You're not going to gobble anything up?
Gakuto: My mouth's killin' me right now. Anyways, what's goin' on?
Miyako: I was hoping you'd be able to make it to the meeting today.
Gakuto: Sure. If nothin' comes up, I'll be there.
Takuya: How's it going lately with your girlfriend?
Gakuto: I feel like we are on the verge... of holding hands.
Takuya: That's it? Seriously?
Miyako: Let me say it one more time: Break up before you get hurt.
Gakuto: But I'm so close.
Miyako: That's also what you said last time. She's just hanging a carrot in front of your nose.
Gakuto: But she's cookin' me homemade food.
Takuya: Oh, that's a happy thought. What'd she make you?
Gakuto: Spaghetti, occasionally with extra nails.
Miyako: Torture cooking?!
Gakuto: So when I bit one, she said, 'That suits you.'
Takuya: No no no no no no no no no. Just no.
Gakuto: She can be gentle too. She made sure to completely disinfect those nails. Can't you see how she loves me?
Miyako: I can see how she's brainwashing you. Love is a disease, after all.
Takuya: I believe it, coming from you. But he won't listen.
Gakuto: Of course not. This is the path I chose!
Gakuto: I can smell it in her pheromones. She wants what I'm offering, I'm sure of it!
Gakuto: Just a little longer. A little longer, and I'll win her over.
Takuya: It's like the Gambler's Fallacy.
Miyako: You're tripped out... Mmm, this is unbelievably bad.
Takuya: If you're talking to everyone like this, there must be barely anyone there.
Miyako: Yeah. Last time, it was just me, Chris, and Yamato.
Takuya: That's the least there's ever been.
Takuya: But yeah. I should be there most times now.
Miyako: Mm-hm. Thank you. You'll have to tell us all about the filming.
Takuya: Yeah, the stories I have to tell... All of them, embarrassing.
Gakuto: Oh, when will I finally see boobies in the flesh?
*Gakuto's trip wasn't ending anytime soon.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: Huh?
Cookie: It's just the four of us again?
Chris: Miyako, did you not say that...?
Miyako: Mm-hm. They were supposed to come, but...
Miyako: Moro contacted me to say he'd suddenly been scheduled to shoot. He'll be here when they're done.
Yamato: Oh, I've got a text. Gakuto says his girlfriend summoned him.
Chris: Given the evidence, Dog must still be training.
Miyako: Mm...
*Miyako went up to the roof.*
*Off to gaze at the sunset once again, I supposed.*
*Better to give her some alone time.*
*After all, she was always clinging to me at the dorm.*
Chris: It looks as if it will be a while before everyone arrives.
Yamato: You said it.
Cookie: Would you like another cup of tea? I have delicious Cookie water I've created myself.
Chris: Oh, could I have some?
Cookie: Of course. I'll go make water, so wait right here.
Yamato: It tastes good, but... It's weird. I can never bring myself to like it.
Chris: ...This place is truly calming.
Chris: Yamato, do you remember?
Yamato: When you said this abandoned building should be torn down?
Chris: Oh, amazing. Well done realizing my intent.
Yamato: Between your expression and the flow of the conversation, I could guess.
Chris: At that time, I spoke carelessly...
Chris: I do feel sorry for it, though perhaps you could have been less aggressive in your response.
Yamato: Yeah. We can be a bit touchy about something like that.
Chris: After three months here, I am coming to understand why.
Chris: This space is beloved because it is so laid-back.
Yamato: I know...
*Ever since Miyako joined, it had been the seven of us.*
*We would spend all the time we could in our secret base.*
*And so the years flew by...*
*With time, our gathering spot became sanctified.*
*There was no touching story behind it.*
*We hadn't dramatically lost someone.*
*We'd just spent one day after another goofing around.*
*And before we knew it, we had here something precious.*
Yamato: It must be hard, seeing a place like this from the outside.
Yamato: This isn't like a house or a school. It's more like...
Yamato: ...A castle? Anyways, it really is calming.
Chris: Yeah... I can see that now.
Yamato: Hearing that from you really helps bring home how much this place means to me.
Yamato: I'm sure everyone feels the same way.
Chris: Yeah...
Cookie: Okay, here's your tea.
Yamato: Doesn't it look a little too yellow?
Cookie: I-It's just your imagination. That's the water I made.
Yamato: Why are you blushing...? And where'd it come out of?
*Meanwhile, Miyako was being melancholic on the roof.*
Miyako: There's so few people here at the start this week too.
Miyako: ...Oooh...
Miyako: ...I hate this... I feel so anxious...
Miyako: It feels like everyone's going to go away...
Miyako: If we were to lose this place...
Miyako: I'd lose everyone besides Yamato, but...
Miyako: But if that happened, Yamato would get angry because I'd be too dependent on him.
Miyako: ...Next time, I have to do whatever it takes to make the meeting take place.
*Miyako was getting fired up.*
Yamato: A typhoon's approaching? ...I guess it is that season already.
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, a storm's coming.
Yamato: But there's no need to worry. I'm here for you.
Yamato: I'm off to the meeting!
Yamato: Mayucchi, aren't you going?
Yukie: Yes. And I'm making snacks for everyone!
Yamato: You're working hard, huh.
Yukie: It's been so long since I've been able to attend, so...
Yamato: But still, you've been hanging out with everyone outside of the meetings.
Yamato: Don't work yourself up over it.
Yukie: No, no. This is something I want to do.
Matsukaze: So you go ahead, Yamatocchi.
Yamato: Okay, see ya.
Chris: I believe Moro and Dog are already at the base.
Miyako: Mm. Then let's go.
*--That evening, at the secret base.*
Miyako: Huh? Where's Wanko?
Takuya: She's training on the roof. And she's really getting into it.
Miyako: The roof? ...Let's go take a look.
Cookie: Then I'll prepare tea.
Chris: Allow me to study the mechanism with which you do so.
Cookie: I don't know how I feel about doing it where people can see...
*Lately, Chris and Cookie had been exceptionally close.*
*We all went up to the roof to check on Wanko.*
Kazuko: Dah! Huh! Seyaaaahhhh!
Yamato: Wow, you're really getting into it.
Kazuko: ...Oh, Yamato! Miyako!
*She dashed over.*
Yamato: Looks like you're training pretty hard, Wanko.
Kazuko: Well yeah! I mean, I do have my deathmatch in the late fall!
Kazuko: I am absolutely positively without-a-doubt going to win!
Yamato: That's the spirit. (I patted her on the head.)
Kazuko: Hehehe...
Kazuko: But I really do feel at peace, seeing you all here.
Kazuko: Now I can freely devote myself to training!
Miyako: Hm? You already seem awfully devoted to me.
Kazuko: I'll be even more so!
Kazuko: So there might be times when I'm late for the meetings, or not even able to come at all.
Miyako: !!!
Miyako: (You won't make all of the Friday Meetings?)
Miyako: (That's no good at all...)
Kazuko: This is all for victory! I'm gonna do it!
Takuya: Yep, yep. That's the spirit.
Miyako: ......
Miyako: I wonder.
Kazuko: Hm?
Miyako: You say you're training hard...
Miyako: But no matter how hard you push yourself, can you really win?
Kazuko: ...Huh?
Yamato: Miyako?
Miyako: At the end of the day, Wanko, do you really have that much talent?
Kazuko: Wh-Where'd that come from, Miyako?
Miyako: This isn't the first time I've thought this way...
Miyako: You're strong, Wanko, but do you really have the talent to stand even with Momo-senpai?
Takuya: What brought this on, Miyako? You're not funny.
Miyako: I mean it. I'm being honest with you, because we're friends.
Miyako: I've started to have my doubts.
Kazuko: ...Heh. Heh heh heh heh.
Kazuko: Hmph! Maybe right now, saying we're in the same weight class is ridiculous!
Kazuko: But I'm working hard to realize my dream, to become strong!
Miyako: When your goal is the strongest person in the universe, maybe you're shooting too high.
Kazuko: I don't want to hear complaints from you, Miyako!
Miyako: Yeah... That's true.
Miyako: ...But can you even beat *me* hand-to-hand? When I'm an archer?
Kazuko: I can! I've won most of our matches!
Miyako: That was in training.
Miyako: But I'm a fair bit stronger in real battles.
Kazuko: ...So you think you can beat me?
Miyako: Probably. That's the feeling I get.
Miyako: That's why I'm questioning just how strong you are.
Kazuko: ...Miyako.
Kazuko: Are you trying to pick a fight?
Miyako: I'm simply stating the truth.
Kazuko: Hmph! Then fine by me.
Kazuko: Let's fight!
Takuya: Hey, hey!
Kazuko: If you think it's true, then prove it!
Takuya: I said stop, both of you!
Takuya: What's the point of you two fighting here?!
Kazuko: But Moro, I can't let her say that and not do anything!
Kazuko: I need to let her know first-hand how wrong she is!
Miyako: I accept your challenge, Wanko.
Yamato: That sounded like you two meant every word, but...
Yamato: Both of you, get a hold of yourselves.
Miyako: Yamato...
Kazuko: How could I lose to someone who spends all her time clinging to a boy?!
Yamato: Hey Wanko, don't--
Kazuko: She denied my dream. I can't allow that!
Yamato: Wanko...
Miyako: If you're that angry, then I guess...
Miyako: Part of you must know how right I am.
Kazuko: No, you're wrong!
Miyako: No matter how much you trained before, you still made it to Friday Meetings.
Miyako: Is the reason you're working so hard that you don't have time for anything else...
Miyako: That you think this might be your one last chance?
Kazuko: Miyako!
Kazuko: Enough! I'll give you what you want!
Kazuko: Let's do it here, on the roof! Unarmed!
Kazuko: The sooner this is over with, the better!
Miyako: You'll lose, Wanko.
Kazuko: No, you will.
Miyako: You've taken off your wristbands and other weights?
Kazuko: Of course.
Takuya: Y-Yamato, this is...
Yamato: I can't stop Wanko... She's furious.
Takuya: It's been years since I've seen her that mad.
Yamato: That tells you how strongly she feels about this.
Takuya: But it's not like Miyako to say something like that in the first place.
Yamato: I'll send a brief text.
*The sun had completely set.*
*The cicadas cried in the distance.*
Kazuko: I'm going in, Miyako. And I'm serious!
Miyako: Mm! As am I!
Miyako: If you lose, Wanko, you'll stop this reckless training schedule.
Kazuko: There's no way that happens! Anyways, I don't have a choice!
Takuya: Why do you have to do this now...? Argh.
Yamato: I've done what I can, for what it's worth.
Kazuko: Haaaahhhhh!
*Kazuko punched straight and unhesitatingly towards Miyako's stomach.*
*But Miyako coolly dodged her adamantine fist.*
*An instant later, she struck with her other arm.*
*And as Miyako dodged that strike...*
Miyako: Hah!
*She drove a counterpunch towards Kazuko's face.*
Kazuko: Gh?!
*She twisted her body, turning it into a glancing blow.*
*Ultimately, it felt like Kazuko had been driven back slightly.*
Takuya: Wow. They're moving so fast, I can't tell what's going on.
Yamato: Miyako took the initiative... And heck, they really are serious.
Yamato: If my plan doesn't come through in time, I'm jumping in between them.
Takuya: Yeah!
Kazuko: Tch. (Shoot. She's reading me like a book.)
Miyako: If you're going to attack me, Wanko, you can't hold anything back!
Kazuko: That's just what I want! Seiyah!
*With blazing speed, she stepped in and shot off a straight side kick.*
Miyako: Hah!
*Miyako used both her arms to parry that destructive kick...*
Kazuko: Wah!
*And then she used the momentum from the kick to throw Kazuko.*
Kazuko: Kh!
Takuya: What do they call that in fighting games? A command grab?
Kazuko: You stupidhead!
*Kazuko rushed forwards once more and launched a flurry of fists.*
Miyako: The more emotional you get... A trick?!
*However, before her strikes reached Miyako, she changed the trajectory.*
Miyako: (A feint?)
Kazuko: I won't sit back and wait!
*This time, it was Kazuko who threw Miyako.*
Miyako: Kh!
Takuya: She switched from a strike to a throw.
Yamato: Wanko's serious too.
Kazuko: Miyako! Sure you're steady and strong...
Kazuko: But you're going to bow before my speed!
Miyako: A fast assault... It sounds good on paper, but it leaves you wide open.
Miyako: You won't defeat me like that!
Kazuko: Yes I will!
Takuya: Yamato! We have to stop them now!
Yamato: Yeah. But my plan's succeeded in the nick of time.
*The instant the two were about to intersect...*
Chris: Stop!
*Chris jumped in between, forcing them to halt.*
*I'd made the right choice to text her to come.*
Kazuko: Kuri! You'd get in the way of our fight?!
Chris: If this fight has legitimate reason, I shall not stop it.
Chris: However, from what I have heard, it will do nothing but wear at your hearts.
Kazuko: Heard? From who?
Yamato: From me.
Kazuko: ......
Chris: I know not a sliver of what was going on before it began...
Chris: But if Yamato asks that I stop it, then stop it I shall!
Miyako: How kind of you to answer to Yamato's beck and call.
Chris: I can tell that the consideration he feels is genuine.
Kazuko: But I don't intend to stop midway. My pride's on the line.
Miyako: ...You heard her. And I won't apologize for what I said.
Chris: Both of you!
*They ignored Chris and began their fight anew.*
Chris: Wait! Wait!
*In an instant, she fainted a kick at Miyako and got between the two.*
Kazuko: Tch!
*Kazuko's knifehand strike grazed Chris's neck.*
Kazuko: If you get in my way, I won't hold back!
Chris: Dog, how dare you!
Miyako: Chris, stay out of our way!
*Chris fired a blow at Kazuko, but Miyako cut it off.*
Kazuko: Now for some payback!
*This time, Kazuko came swinging at Chris.*
Chris: Khh...
*Chris didn't hesitate to retreat.*
Chris: When you two work so well together, why fight?
Kazuko: Because there's some things I won't back down on!
Miyako: That's why we're fighting.
Chris: Then I, too, shall fight -- to stop you both!
*The three jumbled together.*
Takuya: Hey... Now there's three of them going at it.
Yamato: They're out of control. Now what do I do?
*Cutting in between all of them would be like sticking a finger in a fan.*
Kazuko: Seigh!
*Kazuko's foot swung up and in, like a sword.*
Chris: Hmph!
*That kick was met by Chris's elbow, their strikes canceling each other out.*
Miyako: Thanks for the opening.
*Seeing Chris was exposed, Miyako swept her leg.*
Chris: Ugh?!
*As Chris's stance crumbled--*
Kazuko: Kawakami Flying Spear!
*Kazuko leapt in with a spear-like flying kick.*
Chris: Kh!
*She somehow managed to get her arm in front of the strike, but the impact still drove Chris back.*
Takuya: I can't...
Takuya: I can't believe we've come to have this bad of a fight between us.
Yamato: ...We've certainly had our fair share of spats.
Yamato: But this time, things are a little too deep-seated.
Takuya: Don't you have something else up your sleeves? If you don't, I'll stop them.
Yamato: Wait. Look what happened to Chris when she tried to step in.
Yamato: There's an extremely high chance that anything we tried would be pointless.
Takuya: But we can't just stand here and watch.
Yamato: I'm not just watching.
Yamato: I'm waiting for the right moment to throw myself in the middle.
Takuya: Do you think that moment will come?
Yamato: There's no rush. Things are still fine. None of them has opened up her strength that much.
Yamato: Not enough to cause any serious injuries.
*The blows were being focused on Chris, the intruder.*
Chris: Gh...
*Chris was good, but she was fighting 2-on-1. She couldn't get a solid hit in.*
*Meanwhile, she had judged Kazuko to be more on the offensive.*
*So Chris focused her blows on Kazuko. Which meant...*
Chris: Hah... Hah...
Kazuko: Heh... Heh...
Miyako: ...
*...Only Miyako was left with anything in the tank.*
Kazuko: What gives? Only Miyako's taking it easy.
Chris: I get the feeling she has improved her abilities!
*A thought came to mind.*
*She'd said my semen had made her stronger... Was it literally true?*
Kazuko: At least get... A little tired!
*This time, Kazuko attacked Miyako.*
Miyako: Strike me and I'll counterattack!
Chris: You are too erratic, Dog. You should focus on one target!
*Miyako and Chris's attacks simultaneously hit Kazuko.*
Kazuko: Whoops...! Ugh!
*She suffered damage, and her stance crumbled considerably.*
Chris: Go cool your head!
Miyako: Mmph!
*When the battle was serious, no fighter would let a weakened foe escape.*
*Neither Chris nor Miyako shied away from attacking Kazuko while she was off-balance.*
Kazuko: Kh?!
*A rain of blows fell on her.*
*But Kazuko fired herself up enough to deal with the simultaneous assault.*
Kazuko: That's iiiitttttt?!
*Each of those strikes was a finishing blow aimed at a vital point.*
*If even one of them slipped past her guard...*
Chris: Haaaah!
*Chris was superior in both force and raw power.*
*However, the person with an overwhelming advantage in spotting her foe's vulnerabilities...*
Miyako: There!
*...Was Miyako. Her eagle eyes could precisely spot any weaknesses.*
*Miyako's punch slipped through Kazuko's guard like a snake.*
Kazuko: Gh!
*The Shiina style made sure to teach their students how to fight even if they ran out of arrows.*
*Plus, Miyako had dabbled in the Kawakami Kenpo she'd picked up from Momoyo, making her perfectly capable when it came to close-ranged combat.*
*The damage caused Kazuko's body to bend backwards...*
Chris: I will not let this opportunity slip by! Haaaahhh!
*All that remained was for Chris's surging waves of combo attacks to strike her down.*
Kazuko: Waaaahhh!
*Kazuko's body tumbled in the air.*
*Until she met the earth with a thud.*
Yamato: Now, Moro! Let's go!
Takuya: Yeah!
Chris: It is time you took a short nap!
*Chris, not one to stay her hand, moved to further punish her victim.*
Yamato: Wanko's out! That's enough!
Kazuko: ׫...׫...
Chris: ......!!!
Takuya: Do you two want your fight that badly?!
Chris: ...I originally entered the fray to stop them.
Chris: I intend to end this fight.
Miyako: I don't have any reason to fight you either, Chris...
Miyako: (Furthermore, I can't beat Chris unarmed.)
Miyako: I'm sorry, Wanko, to fight you two-on-one.
Miyako: Now you won't be able to accept this.
Yamato: Wanko's... We need take her to the Kawakami Temple.
*She wasn't seriously injured, but she was exhausted.*
Chris: You are right. I was not able to hold back.
Chris: She may be spending the next three or four days recovering from her injuries.
Takuya: I'll help too.
Miyako: Me too--
Yamato: Miyako, you stay here.
Miyako: ...Hm?
Yamato: We need to have a talk.
Takuya: ...Then the two of us will take Wanko there.
Yamato: Yeah. Thanks, Moro.
*Chris put Wanko on her shoulder and left for the Kawakami Temple.*
Yamato: ...Miyako, what the heck is wrong with you?
Yamato: How could you say that to Wanko?!
Miyako: I simply said what was on my mind.
Miyako: There's really no point in her becoming this frantic, this diehard with her training.
Miyako: ...Wanko definitely has an amazing work ethic.
Miyako: But if she's training so much that she can't even come to Friday Meetings, then she's pushing herself too hard.
Yamato: She just wants to make sure she leaves nothing on the table.
Miyako: If her match is in the late fall, then it's too late for that to do any good.
Yamato: Well... Maybe that's true. There's only so far you can get with sheer tenacity.
Miyako: Wanko, she's just not as talented as Momo-senpai.
Miyako: The sooner she accepts that, the sooner she can find a new path.
Miyako: But right now, she's just mindlessly chasing after someone she can never catch, training to clear a bar that's far too high.
Yamato: I see... I get most of that. It makes sense.
Yamato: But Miyako, isn't that only half of your reason?
Miyako: What are you saying?
Yamato: Your goal is to force Wanko to come to the Friday Meetings.
Miyako: Mm-hm. Because that helps me too.
Miyako: These Friday Meetings are very important. She has to come every week.
Yamato: But you knew you didn't have to go this far for her to come.
Miyako: Of course you would read between the lines and see what I was trying to do.
Yamato: Obviously. If you didn't have a second objective, I would've had some pretty harsh words for you, but...
Miyako: I did. I stand by what I said to her.
Miyako: That is to say, I truly believe my words.
Yamato: I know...
Yamato: But things ended without anything being settled.
Miyako: Yeah... This is the worst possible result. Wanko will never accept it now.
*I had never imagined I would ever feel this depressed on a Friday evening.*
*The setting sun seemed especially striking this night.*
Miyako: It's such a pretty red...
Yamato: I'm going to check on Wanko.
Miyako: Mmm...
*--The Kunlun Mountain Range.*
Momoyo: Why... am... I... plowing... the... fields?!
Ageha: Mwahahahaha! This is how you become one with the Earth.
Momoyo: Sheesh, this really is a healthy way to live.
Ageha: Are your battling instincts suppressed?
Momoyo: Of course not.
Momoyo: But, well, I don't feel as bloodthirsty as I did in Kawakami.
Ageha: A wonderful thing, is it not? Here the tomatoes are ripe.
Momoyo: *chomp* ...Mm, delicious.
Ageha: Being here brings calm to Our heart as well.
Momoyo: But when I return to the city, won't I go back to normal?
Ageha: Probably. However, you will have learned something.
Momoyo: Is that how it is... Oh, the cucumber's good too.
Tesshin: When you've finished, there's flame-broiled fish.
Momoyo: It'll bring me to tears.
Momoyo: I wonder what everybody else is up to...
*--The ancient Jordanian ruins, ground floor.*
Soldier: So these are the rumored ancient ruins.
Soldier: The rejuvenating treasure His Excellency seeks rests here.
Soldier: All men, assault the ancient ruins!
*--Meanwhile, on floor B2.*
Grave Robber: These treasures are ours!
Shouichi: Whoa?! They've got themselves guns!
Kazama's Dad: So what? We'll be safe here, hiding out in the shadows. Let's take a breather and think up a breakthrough solution.
Shouichi: So this is a real-live genuine battlefield. I gotta get through it!
Grave Robber: Go run along home, all of you! This treasure was made for me.
Shouichi: Let's do it. I've got a rock and a sling -- that's all I need!
Grave Robber: Why are you throwing fucking rocks at us?!
Shouichi: That was close! If I'd stuck my head out, I'd be dead!
Kazama's Dad: That's why I told you to be patient. Sit back and watch.
Grave Robber: You oriental small fry oughta go home and build me a computer.
Grave Robber: There's only one of us going down this pa--A trap hole?!
Grave Robber: Gaaaahhhhhhh...
Kazama's Dad: See? Our work is done.
Shouichi: Whoa. They fell all the way to hell, by the look of it.
Shouichi: Are the traps gonna get more and more dangerous the deeper down we go?
Shouichi: Th-These ruins are...
Shouichi: ...So freaking awesome! I'm pumped!
Kazama's Dad: Thatta boy!
Shouichi: I'm scared, but I gotta keep going: That's the Kawakami spirit!
Shouichi: I wonder what the rest of the gang's up to right about now... Heheh.
*Today was the day of another Friday Meeting.*
*Wanko had completely recovered from her wounds.*
*Cookie was cleaning every floor.*
Gakuto: That must have been one heck of a fight last week.
Gakuto: Wanko, you're such an idiot. Why'd you let yourself get outnumbered?
Kazuko: Shut up...
Miyako: Well, I'm glad things are settled now.
Kazuko: Says the person who started it all. And I still don't accept a single thing you said back then, got it?!
Miyako: ...Oh.
Kazuko: Awawawa. Miyako, don't be like that! It's just, even I have things I can't back down from.
Chris: Heh. You are back to your old self, Dog.
Kazuko: Don't act like you had nothing to do with it!
Yukie: Well I can't wait for Moro-san's movie!
Matsukaze: Maybe we oughta get his signature now? No worries. We ain't auctionin' it off.
Yamato: You should make sure he dates it.
Takuya: I told you, it's a small part! I'm not a big shot.
*Everyone was here, save for Capt and Nee-san.*
Takuya: What about you, Mayucchi? How did things go?
Yukie: I think we're almost friends, thank you very much.
Gakuto: Huh? You still haven't gotten that far?
Takuya: Says the guy who *still* hasn't kissed his girlfriend.
Yukie: I still can't pull out any of Oowada-san's nose hairs. I can point them out to her, don't get me wrong, but... No, I can't call her a friend yet.
Gakuto: That was just me givin' you an example. Don't take it seriously.
Miyako: Now then, onto today's agenda.
Chris: Hm? We have an agenda?
Gakuto: Hey, hey. Don't tell me you're goin' to support my romantic journey?!
Takuya: Do you think everything's about you?
Miyako: I want to talk about how people haven't been attending the Friday Meetings recently.
Gakuto: Geh. That cuts to the bone!
Takuya: It really does...
Miyako: I understand that each of you has other things in your life...
Miyako: But you have to come to the Friday Meetings no matter what.
Yukie: ...Y-Yes, you're right. Of course you're right. I'm sorry.
Gakuto: No, no, no. Hold up, Miyako.
Miyako: Yes, go ahead, Gakuto-kun of the house of Shimazu.
Gakuto: I'll come to the meetings. You don't even have to ask.
Gakuto: But you know, there's somethin' wrong about being ordered to come.
Miyako: But it's easy. You've always made sure to come.
Gakuto: I'm not sayin' I don't wanna come.
Gakuto: Heck, I want to show up But I don't want to feel forced into it.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I don't want to force you either.
Miyako: But attendance has been awful lately.
Gakuto: What about you? Weren't you and Yamato too busy hidin' in Yamato's room for the first two weeks after you hooked up to show up here?
Miyako: Mm.
Gakuto: It feels like you're takin' a cheap shot at us.
Yamato: You've certainly got a point.
Gakuto: But like I said before, I don't really mind.
Yamato: So you're saying you want to come, you just don't like being forced to.
Gakuto: Yeah, that's it. We don't need stiff rules here.
Miyako: It certainly does hurt, having when we became a couple brought up.
Miyako: Then, well, it won't be a rule. But please, come.
Kazuko: Hmmm. Meeee!
Miyako: Yes, Dachshund!
Kazuko: At least let me be a Shiba!
Miyako: So you're not denying you're a dog... Go ahead, Wanko.
Kazuko: You know, I didn't really mind much when you and Yamato became a couple and didn't show up. I thought it was fine.
Kazuko: I didn't try to force you to come.
Yukie: That's right. You said you didn't mind, so long as they were happy.
Kazuko: So you know, when things come up in my life, I want you to support me too.
Kazuko: I won't say I don't want to come either. If anything, I do want to.
Kazuko: But I have to worry about myself too.
Kazuko: My dreams are riding on this!
Miyako: ...I see. Then you won't be coming from now on?
Kazuko: Yeah. To be blunt, I won't regularly be here until the day of the match.
Kazuko: But I need to make sure I win.
Yamato: That's right. That's a reasonable argument to make, Wanko.
Miyako: Hmm.
Gakuto: No, no, no. How do you even have to think about that?
Gakuto: Just accept it.
Miyako: ...I know, but...
Chris: Miyako, if there is something on your mind, you should say it forthrightly.
Miyako: I'm afraid that, if things like this keep happening, our Friday Meetings will come to an end.
Gakuto: Like hell they will! How stupid can you get?
Takuya: I'm done with filming, so I'll always be showing up.
Miyako: But didn't you say they might call you in?
Yamato: Well, he signed up for a job. He has to see it through.
Yukie: Umm, summer break is already ending, so...
Yukie: So you don't have to worry about me!
Miyako: Hm. I see. That's good.
Kazuko: Hmm? Something about that felt wrong.
Gakuto: Yeah. Mayucchi's studyin' Miyako's expression.
Yukie: N-No, no, no, no, no. I would never do that!
Gakuto: I'm not objectin' at you, Mayucchi. Miyako's the one worked up over this.
Miyako: You're objecting to me?
Gakuto: That's right. Who do you think you are? Capt?
Miyako: Well, I am the one who treasures the Friday meetings.
Kazuko: What's wrong with you? Are you trying to say we don't?
Yamato: Now, now, you two. Calm d--
Chris: Hey, Yamato.
Chris: Would it not be best for us to fully speak our minds here?
Yamato: We could do that, but...
*What to do?*
Stop them
Let them share their opinions
Yamato: Hey, hey, both of you, just calm down.
Kazuko: But this is important, Yamato.
Yamato: Which is exactly why we need to keep our emotions in check.
Miyako: It's fine, Yamato. I want to hear what they have to say.
Gakuto: I also have somethin' I must say.
Yamato: ...Guess this is as calm as we're gonna get.
Yamato: (I suppose I'll have to let them speak their minds.)
*Finding the right moment to stop them was going to be tricky.*
Miyako: At any rate, I don't want us to lose our Friday meetings.
Gakuto: So you've got nothin' to worry about.
Miyako: But in fact, we've been struggling to get everyone together.
Yukie: That's in the past now!
Matsukaze: Yeah. Though with me showin' up every week, who knows what'll happen.
Kazuko: So personally... Sorry to start dragging up things from the past, but...
Miyako: Hmm?
Kazuko: You know, remember when Kuri just couldn't take a hint and said this building shook be torn down?
Miyako: That did happen. I might never forget it so long as I live. Heh heh.
Yamato: (With you, I actually believe it.)
Takuya: Yeah, that was a pretty embarrassing moment for her.
Gakuto: You said it.
Chris: I do regret that statement.
Matsukaze: And then Mayucchi up'n chained into the combo.
Yukie: I too regret that.
Miyako: So? What about it?
Kazuko: Yeah... When it was happening, I didn't say anything to Kuri.
Yamato: Yeah, I made eye contact and signaled you not to.
Kazuko: Yep, that's right. You gave me a look that said, 'stay quiet or I'll punish you'.
Kazuko: So I was able to keep a pretty cool view on what happened.
Kazuko: And then, I felt a little strange, or... Like, Kuri shouldn't have said what she said, but Miyako still went a little too far.
Takuya: Went too far? I wouldn't say that.
Chris: Ooh.
Takuya: Th-That was back then.
Takuya: I don't hold it against you, Chris.
Takuya: I let all of that anger out.
Yamato: Yeah, you were really pissed... I had no idea what you were going to do.
Takuya: I won't apologize for then, but that doesn't mean I'll keep dragging it up.
Chris: Yes... That is more than enough. Thank you, Moro.
Kazuko: So like, I'm not trying to attack her either, and our base and our friendship are the most important things to me in the world, but...
Kazuko: This is sort've, what's the word, umm... I dunno?
Yamato: Are you saying that, if you let yourself get too wrapped up in something, you can blind yourself to the big picture?
Kazuko: Oh, yes yes yes! Wow, of course you'd know!
Miyako: ...? I have no idea what you're thinking, Wanko.
Miyako: So... What?
Kazuko: S-So, you know... This place is super important...
Kazuko: But if you start saying we have to come, and start tracking our attendance, that seems too binding. I don't know how I feel about that.
Miyako: In other words?
Kazuko: Umm, well...
Yukie: Friends are very important, we all agree about them, but that doesn't mean you should be clingy... Right?
Yamato: Oh, Mayucchi, you took the words right out of my mouth.
Kazuko: Yes, yes, that's it!
Kazuko: I love you, Miyako!
Kazuko: But I think you need to be careful, or else...
Kazuko: So that's why I gathered up the courage to say what I did!
Kazuko: ... *glance*
Miyako: ......
Kazuko: S-Silence?!
Miyako: I love you too, Wanko.
Miyako: But it's upsetting to hear you to call it being clingy.
Kazuko: Hm?
Miyako: What's wrong with putting your friends first?
Gakuto: I agree with Wanko!
Gakuto: You all are very important to me, but I am important too!
Gakuto: After all, I'm here because I want to be! Bein' forced to do it sounds like it would suck.
Gakuto: This is the kinda place where it's live and let live!
Takuya: If you don't like being tied down, Gakuto, then why the current girlfriend?
Gakuto: My current plight will make the moment when I turn things around and make her fall for me all the sweeter!
Miyako: I understand how you like to live life as you please.
Gakuto: Damn straight!
Miyako: But back then, didn't Mayucchi's choice of words raise hackles in your heart? Isn't that why you objected?
Gakuto: Ooh?!
Miyako: If you were truly live and let live, shouldn't you have let Mayucchi have whatever attitude she wanted?
Gakuto: No, that's... How do I put it...
Yukie: No, it's fine! I was conscious of that myself.
Yukie: Gakuto-san, you were the one who said a friend picks a friend's nose hairs!
Yukie: In other words, a friend's supposed to be someone who points out your flaws. So what you said doesn't concern me.
Miyako: Yes. That's right, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Hwuh?
Miyako: I am identifying your flaws.
Gakuto: Wait a second. I did nothin' wrong!
Gakuto: So I'm not listening to anythin' you have to say about that!
Takuya: I don't think you're at fault, but that doesn't mean that you can cover your ears and throw a tantrum when the conversation turns against you!
Gakuto: What?!
Takuya: But that is what the neighborhood bully would do.
Takuya: This seems like a good opportunity for you to do something about that.
Gakuto: What the hell, Moro? Since when are you the big man in town?
Gakuto: Are you sayin' you're on Miyako's side?
Takuya: There are no sides here!
Miyako: I'll point out Wanko's flaws too.
Kazuko: Mine? I don't think I've done anything wrong!
Miyako: You have. How could you call putting friends first being 'clingy'?
Yukie: Awawawa, me and my big mouth... I've ruined everything.
Yukie: Miyako-san, could you please not bring that up anymore?
Miyako: Why? You should be more confident. It was a fantastic view.
Chris: Hmm... I suspect that, if Miyako had not gotten so angry at me, I would have never learned to sense the mood of the room.
Yamato: (You're still pretty bad at taking a hint, you know.)
Chris: In that way, pointing things out can be good.
Kazuko: But this time she's just picking hairs!
Chris: Was she picking hairs when it came to me, too?
Kazuko: No, no. Back then, you were clearly--
Chris: It is unlike you to not sympathize with how dearly Miyako values this place.
Kazuko: I do sympathize! And it's because I do that I'm not okay with her overdoing it and tying us down!
Miyako: I do think what I did was fine, but... Look outside.
*The city's industrial area stretched out towards the Pacific Ocean.*
*A wasteland of reinforced concrete surrounded by clouds of smog.*
Miyako: We live in such a boorish, exhausting world.
Miyako: One that leaves no room to care for those who aren't in our circle of friends.
Kazuko: That's just how you think, Miyako!
Miyako: Then why was everyone angry when Chris said what she did?
Gakuto: Because our friends and this place matter to us!
Gakuto: But just like Wanko has her dream, we each have things that are important to us!
Miyako: Do friends weigh so little compared to our dreams?
Miyako: Gakuto, Wanko. Is that the limit of our friendship?
Yamato: H--
*But before I could say anything, the targets of her attacks shot back.*
Kazuko: Take that back! Why are you being such a meanie?!
Gakuto: You said it! Seriously, what's with you?!
Gakuto: Moro! You've been listening. What do you think?!
Takuya: ...I... I was busy with filming...
Takuya: Miyako, I never stopped to think about how that might make you feel.
Takuya: So Gakuto and Wanko, we know you love everyone. However, I think we need to make sure to come to the Friday Meetings.
Yamato: Moro...
*I knew then, plain as day... that Moro really did like Miyako.*
*He couldn't have been any less biased in his answer.*
Yukie: In this matter, I support Kazuko-san's side.
Yukie: I think the way you're talking right now is horrible!
Miyako: ...Let's talk about a make-believe group of friends.
Miyako: They were an awful bunch who didn't think twice about harming others, but would rage when any of their friends were hurt.
Miyako: When asked about how they could so easily hurt others, they said the pain and the people meant nothing to them.
Miyako: It had nothing to do with wanting to hurt others.
Miyako: While that example is extreme, I look up to groups like that.
Miyako: To be completely apathetic to anyone who isn't part of their group.
Kazuko: That's just how you feel.
Kazuko: But if Capt heard that, I bet he'd get mad and shout 'You can't tie me down'!
Kazuko: There's only one rule here, and that's to have fun.
Kazuko: That's what our leader, Capt, told me.
Gakuto: That's what I was told when I joined too.
Yukie: That's right. He said to have fun.
Yukie: Back then, I was trying too hard to be polite and I wasn't any fun to be with. I admit it.
Yukie: But right now, this is not fun!
Yukie: And I think you're the cause of that, Miyako-san.
Miyako: ...Well look who's found her voice.
Miyako: Well, I did start the argument. It's a fair shot.
Yukie: I don't think there's anything wrong with bringing it up!
Yukie: But the way you spoke to Kazuko-san and Gakuto-san was unconscionable.
Chris: That is certainly true...
Chris: However, Miyako is concerned for everyone.
Chris: I ask that you all understand that too.
Gakuto: You two have been really close lately.
Chris: Yeah.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Kazuko: ...Our battle last night ended in a mess.
Kazuko: Thanks to a certain somebody.
Kazuko: I wouldn't mind settling this argument with our fists!
Miyako: Even though you'd have a better chance of beating me with words? You're such a dummy, Wanko.
Yamato: (Things are going south! If I'm going to stop them, it's now or never!)
Kazuko: What did you say? ...I can't let that slide. I'm going in!
Yamato: Wait!
*As I spoke, Wanko leapt towards Miyako.*
*Then, still flying through the air, she fired off a spinning kick.*
*Miyako had anticipated the strike and parried--*
Miyako: Seyah!
*Her palm-heel punch struck Wanko before she hit the ground.*
Kazuko: Gh... You little...
Yukie: Please stop! Miyako-san, you're in the wrong.
*Yukie dashed in front of Miyako, using her shoulder to prevent her advance.*
*She then went to grab her for a throw...*
Chris: Wait, Mayucchi!
*...but Chris shoved her away.*
Yukie: Why did you stop me?
Chris: Stopping them is one thing, but how can you attack Miyako?
Yukie: But in this kind of situation...
Chris: I will not let you attack Miyako!
Yukie: Chris-san!
*All of that took place in a brief instant.*
Yamato: Hey, hey!
*I was dumbfounded.*
*The situation had exploded beyond control.*
*Is this how our friendship would deteriorate without without Capt or Nee-san around?*
Gakuto: Whoa, looks like the girls have gotten started.
Takuya: But they didn't have to fight about it. Why did things escalate like this?
Gakuto: Hey, what's that supposed to mean? You lookin' for a fight, too?
Takuya: We're supposed to stop the fighting, not make it bigger!
Gakuto: That's because I understand how Wanko feels.
Takuya: And I understand how Miyako feels!
Gakuto: So it's Wanko's friends versus Miyako's.
Gakuto: At times like this, you have to figure out who's right and who's wrong!
Takuya: No, you're wrong! A real man doesn't sit back and watch everything fall apart!
Gakuto: Yeah, when push comes to shove, you're just not the fightin' type.
Takuya: ...Heh... Heheh.
Takuya: ...That's totally not what I said.
Takuya: I'm saying that there's a difference between settling a matter with your fists and a fight.
Gakuto: They're the same thing, Moro. You're always thinking too much.
Yamato: That's enough, guys.
Gakuto: Yamato, are you on Miyako's side?
Yamato: I know tensions are running high.
Yamato: But don't start splitting us up with words like that.
Gakuto: ...Yamato.
Yamato: If anything, we are all part of the Kazama Family.
Yamato: We deal with enough disgusting cliques at school and in society.
Kazuko: Seiyah!
Yamato: Okay, this is gonna hurt.
Miyako: Haaah!
Yamato: But, there's nothing else left to do.
Chris: Teigh!
Yamato: It's my fault for not stopping this sooner...
Yukie: Yaaa!
*...and a tactician must atone for his failures...*
Yamato:  WITH HIS BODY!
*I barged into the maelstrom of fists and feet.*
Yamato:  UGHHHH!
*And a quartet of attacks converged on me.*
*No, just a triplet?*
*Mayucchi, with her superior precision, was able to pull her strike.*
*I had stuffed magazines inside my clothes to protect against the blows, but Chris's kick connected with my head.*
Miyako: Yamato!
Chris: Why...
Kazuko: Hey, are you all right?
Yamato: Yeah, sure... Of course I'm not fine!
Yamato: Everyone, just cool down... for my sake.
Yamato: Gah!
Miyako: Ahh! Yamato...
Kazuko: O-Oh no!
Yamato: Kh... Gh. I have magazine armor, so I'll be fine.
Chris: But I held nothing back from that kick.
Yamato: So what...?
Gakuto: Maybe we should take him to a hospital, or the Kawakami Temple? I'll carry him.
Yamato: No, I'm fine... Thank you, Gakuto.
Yamato: But I've got something to say to Miyako...
Miyako: Huh...?
Yamato: Come up to the roof...
Miyako: Okay...
Chris: Yamato...
Takuya: For now, let's just get this place cleaned up.
Yukie: Y-Yes, of course...
Cookie: ...What is it? What's wrong?
Takuya: Ahaha. It's nothing, Cookie.
Gakuto: It's nothin' my ass!
Takuya: Gakuto...
Gakuto: ...Tch. I just... Argh!
Gakuto: We've cleaned up. I'm headin' home for today.
Cookie: Gakuto...?
Kazuko: Me too. I don't think I can see Miyako's face without wanting to punch it.
*Kazuko too left the secret base.*
Yukie: ...I apologize for earlier, Chris-san.
Chris: No, I attacked you. Apologies.
Yukie: ...Why, when I finally think I have friends, do we have to fight...?
Yukie: I think I will cool my head outside... I need to reflect on this.
Takuya: My phone...?
Takuya: Yes... Tonight? Well, tonight is...
Takuya: Yes, I did hear that I might have to come in...
Chris: (Is it someone from the film?)
Takuya: *nod*
Chris: (Then I do not mind. Go, Moro.)
Takuya: (But Yamato and Miyako are...)
Chris: (I will stay here.)
Chris: (Moro, this is your duty, is it not?)
Takuya: (Yeah...)
Chris: (Then go. You must take full responsibility for your choices.)
Chris: (Leave this to me.)
Takuya: (Okay.)
Takuya: No, I can come. I'll see you soon!
*Takuya left as well.*
Cookie: The Friday Meeting hasn't even started.
Cookie: But everyone's already going home...
Cookie: This has never happened before...
Chris: ...I see.
Cookie: Let me sit next to you.
Chris: What do you intend to do?
Cookie: Hmm. I expect they'll come back soon.
Cookie: I'll keep this place looking clean and shiny for that happy reunion.
Chris: Thank you.
*Cookie headed downstairs.*
*--Secret base, on the roof.*
*A crimson veil surrounded Miyako and me.*
Miyako: Yamato... How are you feeling?
Yamato: Honestly? It still hurts... but that doesn't matter right now.
Yamato: I just wanted to say what's on my mind.
Miyako: D-Don't give me that scary look...
Yamato: I'm sorry, but I don't know how to soften this.
Yamato: Let's give each other some space. If you can't do that, then we should just break up.
Miyako: ...Huh?
Yamato: Why did you pick a fight with everyone today?
Yamato: Are you trying to destroy the place that's most important to you?
Miyako: No, Yamato. That wasn't it.
Miyako: I want to be together with everyone...
Miyako: That's why I said what I did...
Miyako: It was Wanko and Gakuto who said my suggestion was restrictive, not--
Yamato: Because it would be.
Yamato: I understand how you feel, but coercing them?
Miyako: But... Yamato...
Miyako: Please no...
*She walked up and embraced me.*
*I loved the warmth of her body more than anything else in the world.*
Yamato: (Kh...)
*Yet I hardened my heart and tore Miyako away.*
Miyako: Ah...
Yamato: I know you. You're not the type of person who'd say something like that.
Yamato: So when I try to think back on what's changed... It has to be me.
Yamato: Because I told you not to cling to me so much.
Miyako: Yamato...
Yamato: So now you're instead being clingy with our friends.
Yamato: This whole thing is partly my fault.
Miyako: No, Yamato, it isn't!
Miyako: So, Yamato... Please don't say you want to put distance between us.
*She still embraced me.*
Miyako: ...Mn, Yamato...
*She kissed me.*
*Never had I tasted a sweetness so heartrending.*
Yamato: Not like this, Miyako...
Miyako: ......
Yamato: I can't love you the way you are right now.
Miyako: No way... Stop it. Don't say that.
Miyako: If you do, Yamato, I'll... Ooh, oooh... Ooh.
*She wiped her tears with a handkerchief.*
Yamato: Miyako... I love you, Miyako.
Yamato: But I hate how you always have to cling to something.
Miyako: Oooh...
*Again she cried.*
*It broke my heart to make the person I loved cry.*
*But I couldn't console her. I couldn't allow myself to.*
Yamato: Do you hate this...?
Miyako: Yeah...
Yamato: Then fix that dependency.
Yamato: If you want to return to being my woman, conquer it.
Yamato: If you do, then I, Naoe Yamato, will love you, Shiina Miyako, for all of my life.
Yamato: Because then, you'd be the greatest girl in the world.
*I kissed her.*
Miyako: Hauu... Heh... *lick, lick, suck*
Yamato: *lick* Amph... Pwah!
Miyako: No! Give me more, more!
Yamato: Only after you're no longer dependent on others.
Yamato: If you hate me as a man for pushing things like this, then by all means, break up with me.
Yamato: Because that will mean that's as far as you can go.
Miyako: Mm, but that... It's so hard.
Miyako: How am I supposed to... To not rely on anyone?!
Yamato: Maybe you can try communicating with other people. Not just us.
Miyako: I do... I go to school, don't I?
Yamato: Miyako... When Chris transferred in, didn't you break your promise to show her around the dorm?
Yamato: You can't do that.
Miyako: Ooh...
Yamato: The love you feel for your friends is good, but you need to learn not to cling to them.
Miyako: But that's so hard.
Miyako: You're the one who saved me...
Miyako: And then everyone was there for me...
Miyako: I don't know how to interact with anyone else!
Yamato: Then you'll have to learn. Now's the perfect chance.
Yamato: I know you can do it.
Miyako: ...*sniff* Yamato, wait...
Yamato: Miyako, I'll be waiting.
*Without another word, I left the roof.*
Miyako: Ah...
Yamato: --Gh!
*That had been too trying... I wanted to go back, to hold her close.*
*But if I did... All of this would have meant nothing.*
Yamato: Ahh...
*The world seemed so bitter...*
*I made my way home.*
Chris: ...That was Yamato... He is going home?
Chris: How did the conversation fare, I wonder.
Chris: ......
Miyako: ......
Chris: ...Oh, Miyako!
Miyako: ...Huh? Where is everyone...?
Chris: They went home. It's just me.
Miyako: ...I see.
Chris: Are you all right? You look pale.
Miyako: ...No, I'm not.
Miyako: I can barely even stand.
Chris: ...Miyako.
Miyako: ...Earlier.
Chris: Hm?
Miyako: When we were fighting, you supported me.
Miyako: Thank you.
Chris: No, that was nothing worth your gratitude.
Chris: I had simply seen how lonely you have looked every week.
Miyako: Everyone must have gone home angry...
Chris: Angry...? No, I do not think so.
Miyako: ...I wonder... What about next week? ...Will they come?
Chris: Moro... Was called away because of the movie.
Chris: He may busy with that next week as well.
Miyako: ...I see...
Chris: As for Dog and Gakuto... I do not know.
Chris: Dog seems likely to come during the breaks in her training.
Miyako: ...So in the end, they still don't understand how I feel.
Chris: Y-You misunderstand! Everyone understood just fine that you love us all!
Miyako: The truth is... Yamato, he...
Chris: Hm? (Miyako explained the situation.)
Chris: ...I see. So that is what has you down.
Miyako: Mm-hm... I've fallen all the way to the bottom.
Chris: But still, that's--
Miyako: It doesn't make sense.
Miyako: Yamato's the one who saved me from bullying...
Miyako: Who's been so nice to me...
Miyako: He's been with me forever...
Miyako: So why would he push me away now?
Chris: H-Hey, Miyako...
Miyako: He should be with me forever!
Miyako: Despite all the pain I'm in... Chris, you're the only one who stayed for me.
Miyako: How am I supposed to get through this without everyone by my side?!
Miyako: If they won't do that, then who needs frien--
Miyako: --Huh?
Chris: You are far too spoiled.
Miyako: Chris?
Chris: You think you do not need friends?
Chris: How dare you state something that absurd!
Chris: What happened to the person who was so angered by just my words?!
Miyako: ...Ooh.
Chris: Now that I know how wonderful this place can be, I cannot abide such a statement!
Chris: Did not everyone say they love you, Miyako?!
Chris: Even I understood that much!
Chris: So how can you not understand it yourself?
Miyako: If I was important to them... then they'd be here by my side.
Chris: Yamato just told you to stop being so clingy, yet the first thing you seek is to cling to them?!
Miyako: Kh...
Chris: Besides, at present, everyone has their own battles to fight!
Chris: Momo-senpai has her spiritual training...
Chris: Capt went to live out his dream at the ancient ruins.
Chris: Dog is currently improving herself so that she might pursue her dreams!
Chris: Even Moro is hard at work, using this chance to express himself in a movie!
Chris: And Gakuto, he is giving it his all to wear down the woman he has fallen for.
Chris: And Mayucchi, is she not desperate to make friends from her own class?!
Chris: Everyone is taking that next step, so that they might someday improve themselves!
Chris: Yet they still expressed, time and time again, the importance of this place!
Miyako: ...Ah.
Chris: Incidentally, my father has recently offered to teach me military tactics, and I intend to take him up on the offer.
Chris: That may lead to times when I will be unable to come here.
Chris: Yet I can proudly say that this place is important to me!
Chris: Miyako! Is it your will that you alone withdraw into this shell?
Chris: To be left behind while everyone else levels up?
Chris: Is that not what Yamato is saying?
Chris: Furthermore, turn the chessboard around with regards to Yamato's words!
Chris: If you fix this, will not Yamato be yours forever?
Chris: For he is not the type to jest about such topics.
Miyako: I...
Chris: Miyako, in the end it was you who tried to get everyone here for selfish reasons.
Chris: That does not sound like a healthy friendship.
Miyako: Ah...
Chris: It sounds like a chain binding the saviors to the saved.
Chris: We are your friends, are we not?
Chris: If so, then you too must step up!
Chris: This is your moment!
Miyako: Ooh...
Chris: Do not take this to mean you should change the feelings in your heart for Yamato or the rest of us.
Chris: But should you not evolve in your own way?
Chris: I know you can do it, Miyako!
Chris: Have you nothing to say?
Miyako: ...Well...
Miyako: You didn't really give me a chance to get a word in edgewise.
Chris: Oops.
Miyako: ...Heheh.
Chris: Wh-Why the sudden laughter?
Miyako: You're so passionate, Chris...
Miyako: So passionate...
Miyako: I was lectured. Me. By you.
Miyako: That is the only thing that struck home.
Chris: Hey, what is that supposed to mean?
Miyako: ...Friends are your equals... How could I forget that?
Miyako: Yes... I'll do my best.
Chris: Good... I know you can do it.
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll make my spirit stronger too.
Chris: You can do it. After all, you have a reason to do so.
Miyako: Mm-hm! It's so I can make Yamato mine forever!
Chris: That is the spirit! You have my support!
Miyako: However... You slapped me.
Chris: I shall not apologize. You did tell me to go fuck myself.
Miyako: Heh... I suppose I did. That was the one thing that got you angry.
Chris: Heh. That is right.
Chris: That time, I was the one lectured to and remonstrated. However!
Chris: This time, I am the one lecturing. Hahahaha!
Miyako: Ooh.
Cookie: It looks like you two are done talking.
Miyako: Cookie.
Cookie: I think it'll be hard, but good luck!
Cookie: I wish there were more I could say, but...
Miyako: Mm-mm, that's more than enough.
*Miyako felt as if a fire had been lit in her heart.*
*A warmth she could feel across her entire body.*
Miyako: Okay, there's no time to waste!
Miyako: Thank you, Chris, Cookie!
Chris: You are welcome!
Cookie: Fight on!
*Miyako dashed off.*
*I awoke that morning.*
*I was greeted by nothing but the ceiling above me.*
*A morning without Miyako.*
Yamato: Normally, it was like...
Miyako: Yamato, it's morning!
Miyako: And when you think of mornings, you think of milk. Want to drink mine?
Miyako: I don't think any will come out, but if you suck really, really hard, then maybe...
*Something like that would happen.*
*But Miyako wasn't going to come wake me anymore.*
*She told me Friday night...*
Miyako: Yamato, I'll try my best!
*She'd sounded so vigorous. So...*
Yamato: Yeah. I'll be waiting.
*I'd replied.*
*She'd recovered amazingly well.*
*Apparently, she'd also called Wanko and Gakuto to apologize.*
Gakuto: That was a shock. I figured she'd be sulkin' for a while.
Gakuto: Did you inspire her again, Tactician?
Yamato: Nah. This time, I didn't say anything.
Yamato: I think this is the answer she chose.
Gakuto: Huh...
Yamato: Miyako's starting her own battle.
*I was rooting for her.*
Gakuto: By the way, what's Capt up to?
Yamato: I haven't heard from him since he entered the ruins.
Gakuto: ...What sort of mess do you think he's up to this time?
Yamato: Let's at least hope he doesn't cause an international incident.
*We weren't particularly worried.*
*--Jordan's underground ruins, 25th Floor.*
Shouichi: Whoa, bats?!
Kazama's Dad: I choose you, Shouichi! Use Slash!
Shouichi: Sweet! I've earned seven experience points!
*Shouichi had cut down the bats with his knife.*
Kazama's Dad: Well done. Heheheh. This tastes pretty good.
Shouichi: The water we brought in isn't gonna be enough by itself. We gotta eat meat and get ourselves nutrition too!
Kazama's Dad: Next... Oh, this millipede is edible.
Shouichi: Hmm. Oh, I'm gonna eat this hornworm!
*Shouichi was adapting perfectly to his environment.*
Kazama's Dad: Bat blood is also very nutritious. Hopefully it's not carrying any diseases...
Shouichi: ...Remember those soldiers who passed by us while we hid? What do you think they're up to now?
*Kazama's father pressed his ear against the ground.*
Kazama's Dad: Hmm. I believe they're two floors below us.
Shouichi: Aren't there about 50 floors in all?
Kazama's Dad: Yeah. Based on these wall drawings, I'm sure of it.
Shouichi: It's like, these ruins just keep on going forever.
Kazama's Dad: Since we let the soldiers take the lead, the least they can do is set off all the traps for us.
Shouichi: You're sick, Pops.
Kazama's Dad: I told the army time and time again of the dangers!
Kazama's Dad: If they chose to ignore me, then what happens is on their heads.
Shouichi: Well sure, I guess...
Kazama's Dad: Also, be careful. Even though the army's passed through, we can't be certain they've deactivated every trap.
Shouichi: Oh, look here. It's the spitting image of a treasure chest.
Kazama's Dad: No, far from it. It's a time-delayed trap... Wait! It was so suspicious, the army brats never opened it!
Shouichi: I get the feeling this'll turn out a-okay. (He opened it.)
Shouichi: See? No trap! And we get some treasure to boot.
Kazama's Dad: Oh, this is a rather rare metal!
Shouichi: Huh? Did you hear that rumbling?
Shouichi: And it's coming closer? Isn't it?
Kazama's Dad: Whoa, run! A giant boulder's rolling this way!
Shouichi: Whoa! This's the adventure of a lifetime!
*I tried heading up to the roof of the secret base.*
*This was Miyako's usual spot.*
*Here was where she would gaze dreamily at the sky,*
*while grumbling at how oppressive the world could be.*
Yamato: ...But now, she's...
*Gone.*
*Because I had told her to face that oppressive world.*
*...Damn it, but it hurt being without her.*
*If I had it this bad...*
*I could only imagine what Miyako was going through.*
Yamato: ...Good luck, Miyako.
*The words had risen unbidden to my lips.*
*This was the scenery Miyako always saw.*
*A whimsical world of crimson.*
*--Meanwhile, in Kawakami's Kinryuu Street.*
Kyojin: Man, with school starting up on Tuesday...
Kyojin: We're gonna need a lot of liquid courage!
Kyojin: I'm sure our great principal will pay the tab.
Tesshin: How can you be so cruel to this old man?
Tesshin: But fine. Drink as much as you want, all of you.
*The teachers from Kawakami Academy were out for drinks.*
Kyojin: Hahaha, man, Principal, you're a man of the people.
Kyojin: Right, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: Yes, I will gladly take you up on your offer. Is everyone ready to order?
Umeko: Liver sashimi and Satsuma-age, firefly squid okidzuke, fried flounder, chicken tartare and green soybeans!
Kyojin: Oh, would you like a salad, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: That can wait. First, we must eat meat.
Kyojin: Whoa, nice. That's wild.
Kyojin: You too, Mr. Lu. Don't stop ordering now.
Lu: I'll have oolong tea, tofu salad, and a yam salad.
Kyojin: That's certainly what I'd expect from a man as serious as you.
History Teacher: Maro shall have a light meal and sake, yes.
Tesshin: Then won't you drink with me, Mr. Ayanokouji?
History Teacher: It would be an honor. Then we must order Umeshina snow sake, no?
Tesshin: After all that time in the mountains, this mundane food tastes so delicious.
History Teacher: So, what of Kawakami Momoyo's spirit, hmm?
Tesshin: I won't know until she comes down from the mountains.
History Teacher: You did not bring her back with you?
Tesshin: I did not. She still needs a little more training.
Umeko: All the same, sake tastes great when we're all drinking together!
Umeko: (Gulp, gulp, gulp...)
Umeko: Pwah!
Kyojin: Whoa, you pounded back a whole stein... Damn.
Umeko: Should I order a pitcher?
Kyojin: Th-That'd be amazing...
Lu: Mr. Usami, you shouldn't push yourself.
Kyojin: Hush. Be a good boy and drink your soft drink.
Kyojin: This old man was thinking of drinking shochu, but Ms. Kojima, mind if I join you?!
Lu: My oh my... Your ulterior motives are so transparent, it saddens me.
Tesshin: However, while I don't mean to spoil the mood...
Tesshin: Have you found any students who would be a good fit to send to Lubeck?
Umeko: I'm sorry to say that no, not yet.
Umeko: Now that Shiina isn't an option, I was thinking perhaps Wakabayashi from class B.
History Teacher: (Mm...)
Tesshin: Hmm... We'll be sending the student in the winter, so we must narrow it down.
Umeko: Yes, I will speak to Wakabayashi.
Kyojin: Haha. Looks like you have a lot to deal with, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: No, this is part of the job.
Lu: Come to think of it, Ms. Kojima, what time do you go to bed when you don't have work the next morning?
Lu: I get the impression you get to bed early. Are you growing tired?
Umeko: Thank you for your concern, Mr. Lu.
Umeko: I am fine. When I don't have work the next day, I usually watch TV while drinking cans of beer...
Umeko: Usually until around 2:30 or 3 in the morning.
Lu: You stay up a lot later than I would've thought.
Kyojin: 'Late'? At that point, the night's still young.
Kyojin: I stay up till I see the morning sun.
History Teacher: May Maro have a moment, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: What is it, Mr. Ayanokouji?
History Teacher: Class B's Wakabayashi is unsuitable to study abroad, no.
Umeko: Oh? On what basis?
History Teacher: One of her parents is an immigrant.
History Teacher: It seems inappropriate to have our Japanese exchange student not be pure-blooded Japanese.
Umeko: That's irrelevant.
Kyojin: Mr. Ayanokouji, you really should let go of your obsession over people's heritage.
Kyojin: Unless you're looking to make enemies.
History Teacher: You need not worry about that. No one is listening, yes?
Kyojin: (So what, I don't count?)
History Teacher: Besides, Maro had already considered becoming more strict in the coming semester, yes.
Kyojin: What do you mean?
History Teacher: Maro is the legitimate child of the austere Ayanokouji family, so Maro sought to kindly raise them to be culturally astute, and yet...
History Teacher: Students lately have been spoiled rotten, no?
History Teacher: Maro must be harsher with them, see?
History Teacher: Similar to how you, Ms. Kojima, use your whip of love, yes?
Kyojin: Oh...?
Umeko: My heart aches every time I whip my students.
History Teacher: Maro is prepared for the pain.
History Teacher: It brings Maro to tears, yes. Maro must harden his heart.
Kyojin: You're really dead set on this.
History Teacher: Well, pay close attention to Maro during this second semester.
*--The Musashi household.*
Kosugi: Mm, I'm done studying! Now I'm even further ahead of everyone.
Kosugi: My goal is to be at the top of Class S. To have premium strength.
Kosugi: Now then, time to surf the net.
Kosugi: A new Yaruo? They're interesting, but long reads.
Kosugi: And the boy band KAT-TUN's official site updates on Fridays.
Kosugi: I'll have to start by checking the school's message board.
Kosugi: Oh. There's a popular thread about me!
Kosugi: Let's see... 'If Kosugi-tan comes back after summer break looking more mature, I'll die'. Ugh. You creep.
Kosugi: I don't plan on getting a boyfriend, lucky for you... There's got to be something better out here.
Kosugi: Oh, a topic for lovers of the Archery Club's three beauties!
Kosugi: Mm-hmm, they mean myself, the captain, and Shiina-senpai, right? I don't even have to look to know.
Kosugi: ...Hmm? What's this? Something about Shiina-senpai?
Kosugi: What...? I'd heard rumors, but I never realized they were legit.
*--Start of the second semester.*
*Miyako and I spoke some, of course, but...*
Miyako: ......
Gakuto: ...Mm, ahem.
*We didn't really know what to say.*
Kazuko: ......
*Wanko wasn't angry, but that didn't mean things were well between her and Miyako.*
Chris: There will be a disaster drill today.
Takuya: Yeah. So there won't be a literal earthquake.
Chris: Yet we must approach this with the same mentality as if there were!
Chris: Let us do so well that we become known as masters of disaster drills.
Takuya: I think I'd rather not have that nickname, thanks.
*Surprisingly, those two didn't let our awkwardness slow them down.*
Yukie: Do we know when Momo-senpai expects to return home?
Kazuko: Mm-mm. Not a clue. Gramps was the only one to come home.
Chika: Oh, it's Naocchi's group. Hi, everyone.
*The group of girls from our class walking ahead of us turned around to say hello.*
Yamato: Good morning!
Kazuko: Morning!
Chris: What a fine morning this is!
*And we cheerfully greeted them back.*
Miyako: Good morning!
Yamato: (Whoa!)
*Everyone turned to look at Miyako.*
Kazuko: M-Miyako responded to them? Without Yamato prompting her?
Gakuto: H-Hey, she's serious.
Yamato: (Miyako...)
Chika: Haha. Shiinacchi, you seem a little brighter?
Miyako: I wouldn't say that.
Chika: Mm-mm. Summer changes a girl, you know.
Miyako: Hmm, who knows?
*What was more, she technically held a conversation with the classmate!*
Chris: ......
*Chris gazed at Miyako, kindness in her eyes.*
Yamato: (Back then, Chris was the only one to remain at the base.)
Yamato: (She must've said something to her.)
Yamato: (Thank you.)
Chris: Wow, look! This cicada has collapsed onto its back!
Chris: Surely it is deceased, right?
Yamato: Up you go!
*I got close, grabbed it, and lobbed it in the air.*
*The cicada mustered all the strength it had to fly toward the blue yonder.*
Chris: So it was alive after all... My apologies, Yamato.
*I could repay the kindness through small deeds over time.*
*--Class 2-F.*
Mayo: Good morning, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Morning. You're the same as ever, Class Rep.
Mayo: As your elder sister, I have to be stable.
Mayo: That's why my character will never waver.
Yamato: That's almost too fitting.
Mayo: Wanko-chan, good morning.
*Naturally, our Mayo called out to everyone.*
Kazuko: Class Rep... About the summer homework...
Yamato: Huh? Didn't you tell me you'd finished it all?
Kazuko: U-U-U-U-Uh, no, I thought I did! Don't yell at me! I just forgot this part.
Kazuko: So, umm...
Kazuko: *glance*
Yamato: Do it yourself.
Kazuko: S-Sure. Hey, Class Rep?
Mayo: No. You can finish this page here and now. I believe in you!
Kazuko: Oooooh.
Mayo: Shiina-chan, good morning!
Miyako: Morning, Class Rep.
Mayo: Oh!
Mayo: Shiina-chan, your big sister is very happy.
Mayo: Let me pat your head.
Miyako: Why are you being like this? Geez.
Mayo: After the disaster drill today, all of us girls are going to karaoke.
Mayo: Would you like to come too, Shiina-chan?
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
Miyako: Thank you. I'll go.
Mayo: Aha! I can't wait!
Kazuko: ...Wow.
Kazuko: Umm. Miyako?
Miyako: ...Hm?
Kazuko: You said over the phone you were going to do your best... I guess you really meant it.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Kazuko: Okay...
Kazuko: Yeah! Miyako, I'll be cheering you on!
Miyako: I support you too, Wanko.
Kazuko: Yep. Thanks!
Miyako: But I won't show you my homework.
Kazuko: Waaahhhhh, no way!
Yamato: Uh, Wanko? I thought I told you to do it on your own.
Kazuko: Eeek!
Yamato: But until you finish, I'll be gently smiling beside you.
Kazuko: That's terrifying and scary and no!
Yamato: However, I'll broaden my smile, little by little.
Kazuko: I'll do it! I'll do it myself!
Ikurou: So Gakuto, did you score during break?
Gakuto: Nah... We didn't even hold hands.
Suguru: ...How can one be such an imbecile? Thus my advice to quit the third dimension.
Gakuto: Was I just bein' toyed with?
Ikurou: You're just realizing that now?!
Mitsuru: Ugh... The melancholy of Kumagai Mitsuru.
Mayo: Kumagai-san, what's wrong?
Mitsuru: Well... I gained a kilogram. I look horribly overweight now, don't I?
Mayo: Y-You did? I think you look fine.
Mayo: Did you overeat during the summer?
Mitsuru: It was the season of cool, delicious soda, and I drank so much with so many potato chips... And I had cake before bed...
Mayo: That's way too many sweets!
Mitsuru: Ooh, you're right... I'll have to be more careful.
Mitsuru: ...Huh? Come to think of it, where's Kazama-kun?
*--Jordan's underground ruins, floor 45.*
Soldier: Good grief... I never imagined you were sneaking along behind us.
Kazama's Dad: Khh. I'm ashamed to be caught by the likes of you.
Soldier: Now then. Please take the lead, Mister Kazama.
Soldier: Now it's your turn to disarm the traps for us.
Shouichi: Tch...
Soldier: One false move, and I turn you into a beehive.
Kazama's Dad: Then give us some water. We don't have any strength left.
Soldier: Drink as much as you want.
Shouichi: Thanks. You're a lifesaver... My throat was completely dried up.
Kazama's Dad: Let's just consider it a relief that we now have a secure supply of food.
Shouichi: Though from now on, we'll be the ones tackling the traps.
Kazama's Dad: Relax. The documents we found list all the traps from the 40th floor down.
Kazama's Dad: From here is the Emperor's Hallway, where the common folk must be made to know how small they are.
Shouichi: That's just a hint! There's gotta be something more concrete in there!
Kazama's Dad: Think! Or do you want to be riddled with bullets?
Shouichi: What's a commoner supposed do before an emperor...? I've got it.
Shouichi: We get through here by crawling down on all fours.
Kazama's Dad: Of course. Nicely done, my son!
Soldier: Oh...? Well done. No wonder you are such a famed adventurer.
Soldier: If only you had helped us from the beginning, so many lives would have been spared...
*--That evening, at the athletic fields.*
Freshman Student: I've got this much of it.
Freshman Student B: Hahaha. You serious?
History Teacher: You two. Did you not hear the bell for the end of the school day?
History Teacher: You should head home posthaste, yes.
Freshman Student: Yeah, yeah, we're going.
Freshman Student B: (Dammit, that teacher makes me sick.)
History Teacher: Did you just insult Maro?
Freshman Student: Huh?!
History Teacher: Time for some instructional guidance! Seigh! Seigh!
Freshman Student: Ouch! The corners of your fan are really sharp!
History Teacher: Do not take your teachers lightly, you simpletons!
Freshman Student B: O-Ouch! Hey, I didn't say anything!
History Teacher: You would disobey Maro? Disobeying a teacher is punishable by expulsion, no?
Freshman Student B: O-Ooh.
History Teacher: Furthermore, Maro is from the noble house of Ayanokouji!
History Teacher: Draw your bow at an Ayanokouji and your entire family will be left out in the cold. You do understand that, yes?!
Freshman Student C: Ooh... Well... No... We wouldn't dream of it.
History Teacher: That is all Maro asks, no? Simply your understanding.
History Teacher: From now on, you will respond to everything Maro says with 'Yes, sir'.
Freshman Student B: Y-Yes, sir!
Freshman Student C: Yes, sir, I understand, Mr. Ayanokouji!
History Teacher: Hmm. Very good, yes.
History Teacher: Clearly Maro has set them on the correct path.
Kyojin: Now, wait just a second, Mr. Ayanokouji.
History Teacher: Oh, Mr. Usami. You were watching, no?
Kyojin: Yes. And because I saw, I'd like to offer some candid advice.
Kyojin: Doesn't that way of doing it seem, I don't know... Wrong?
History Teacher: Mr. Usami, why do you think so few students defy a buff gym teacher?
Kyojin: Because he's scary, I assume.
History Teacher: Maro is simply doing the same thing, no? However, my threat is not physical, but rather one born of authority!
History Teacher: But we are the same in that we both seek to intimidate the students, no?
Kyojin: I see. I can't say I don't understand.
History Teacher: Hence shall Maro instruct and instruct some more!
Kyojin: And there he goes... This still doesn't seem right to me.
*--That night, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: Yes, we did the whole disaster drill, all right?!
Yamato: So I'll talk to you later. Yes. Good night.
Yamato: Damn it. The old man's scared as hell of earthquakes.
Yamato: He even managed to pass it on to me...
*I gazed at the hermit crabs.*
Yamato: ...Hey, Hermy, listen to this. Today, Miyako said hello to everyone, and even hung out with them.
Yamato: See? It's easy. She just had to try.
Yamato: I hope she keeps adapting and growing. Right, Crabba?
*The hermit crabs toddled back and forth so cutely.*
Yamato: ...Huff, huff... Hermit crabs... Shit, I've got a boner.
Yamato: I'll get in the bath and let one out.
*Wait, wasn't it still the girls' turn to bathe?*
*Miyako was probably taking her bath right about now.*
*I nearly opened the door.*
Yamato: ...Hm?
*I could barely hear a voice from within.*
Yamato: Huh? Is she bathing with someone?
*I pressed my ear against the door.*
Miyako: ...day.
*Yet Miyako's was the only voice I heard.*
Miyako: ...ning.
Yamato: She's talking to herself? That's not like her... What's going on?
Miyako: ...Morning.
Miyako: Thank you...
Miyako: ...Goodbye.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm. I can say them.
Yamato: ...Miyako.
*She was practicing.*
Miyako: One more time.
Miyako: ...Morning.
Miyako: Good, I can say it.
Yamato: (I guess it wasn't that easy...)
Yamato: (She's really working hard...)
*I wanted to embrace her.*
*But somehow, I held myself back.*
Miyako: Goodbye!
Miyako: ...Mm-hm. Heheh. Maybe I'm getting better.
*Keep it up, I thought to her.*
*Each of us was taking the next step.*
*...Which meant I needed to focus on my studies.*
*The summer heat still lingered in the air.*
*--In the select class, 2-S.*
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Is it not hot? Unbearably hot?!
Jun: It was sweltering enough already, dammit!
Kokoro: Ngh... How could the AC have broken... I am melting.
Koyuki: I wonder what color you'll be when you melt.
Kokoro: That is too scary a thing to say so casually!
Hideo: At times like this, the shogun would send for ice from the northern provinces to suck on whilst he enjoyed the cool breeze.
Hideo: Azumi, bring Us some ice-cold ice!
Azumi: Yes, Hideo-sama!
*She took some out of the ice house she had went and installed in the classroom...*
*Her tools rattled as she made shaved ice.*
Azumi: Here you go! The syrup is strawberry-flavored.
Hideo: Mwahaha! What other flavor would syrup be?
Hideo: Now, We shall stuff Our mouth with this!
Jun: Personally, I like melon-flavored syrup.
Touma: I prefer blue Hawaii. That sweet flavor is boyhood incarnate.
Koyuki: I wanna eat shaved ice too!
Jun: You must be patient.
Koyuki: But Hideo's eating some! I wanna have some too, Jun! Jun!
Jun: Ah, fine then! Just wait there.
Koyuki: Pitter-patter pitter-patter...
Touma: I have great hope in your powers of negotiation, Jun.
Jun: Hey, Maid. Give us some of that.
Azumi: Huh?
Jun: Uh... Err, please?
Azumi: What do you say, Hideo-sama?
Hideo: Nngh... We have found ourselves stricken by a headache of unknown origins.
Azumi: Hideo-sama?! Is this bioterrorism?! Swine flu?!
Azumi: I tried to warn them they should have mandatory screenings for anyone coming in from overseas -- why didn't they listen?!
Kokoro: No, no. Kuki Hideo simply ate too much in one sitting.
Hideo: Worry not! Heroes never die! We shall promptly recover!
Azumi: Of course a future leader is made of different stock! You're like the Masarao-no, like the upgraded Masarao, the Susano'o!
Hideo: To give the commoners ice is a form of amusement. So, today shall be a shaved ice festival! Mwahaha! Let this nice ice be everyone's vice!
Azumi: Very nice! Let us clap!
Azumi: Now, everyone else laugh too!
2-S Class: Heheheheh.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Who else but We to soothe the hearts of the common man's fervent toils through this day?! Azumi, go serve them the ice!
Azumi: Yes, sir. What flavor should the syrup be?
Koyuki: Condensed milk! I like condensed milk!
Azumi: Right away. *crunch crunch crunch*
Kokoro: I would also like some. The noble flavor of Uji tea, if you would.
Margit: You will cover mine in lemon syrup.
Hideo: Azumi, do not stay your hand. Partake in some as well!
Azumi: Then mine will be with rose-flavored syrup!
Koyuki: The lemon one looks yummy too.
Margit: Would you like some? Then you will beg for me and open wide.
Koyuki: Gimme some. Ahhh
Jun: Ahh, that's twice now she's been fed by strangers.
Kokoro: Mm. Shaved ice eaten together with everyone is scrumptious.
Margit: Heh... Certainly. You are welcome to think that way.
Kokoro: We are permitted to do this during break time because we are so noble.
Kokoro: Such is forbidden to those of base stock.
Touma: Heheh. My, whom might you be speaking of?
Kokoro: Let me tell you of what I learned from the school's message board.
Kokoro: The person in question is in class 2-F. A suitable place for a bumpkin.
Kokoro: Her name is...
*--After School, Room 2-F.*
Miyako: I'm going to go to club.
Yamato: Oh, the Archery Club? Wait -- didn't you...
Miyako: Hm?
Yamato: Didn't you resign?
Miyako: It might be a little late, but I'm going to apologize.
Miyako: It is my fault the fight began...
Yamato: ...I see.
Yamato: Good luck, Miyako!
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll do my best!
Miyako: (Yamato cheered me on... Weheheh.)
Miyako: (If I can keep up this pace...)
Miyako: (Okay, time to go all-out.)
Miyako: (Because all of this is to improve myself!)
Miyako: (But, going there will take no small amount of courage.)
Miyako: (Just be casual...)
Kosugi: Shiina-senpai is--
Miyako: (Huh? They're talking about me?)
Kosugi: So you see, her mother was completely senseless!
Sophomore Club Member: Wah... She slept with five sophomores' fathers?
Kosugi: Everyone knew about it back when she was in elementary school.
Kosugi: There was so much written about it on the message board!
Yumiko: Hey, you shouldn't talk about that!
Kosugi: But there's so much amazing stuff here. When her father found out he'd been complimented, her family fell apart.
Kosugi: It's a compliment, really. I mean, think of how pretty she must've been.
Sophomore Club Member: Well, Shiina-san is pretty too.
Sophomore Club Member: ...Huh? Wait... Shiina's part of that close-knit group of boys and girls. Has she been hooking up with the boys?
Kosugi: Who knows?!
Yumiko: Okay, okay, that is enough! One more word, and we're going to have issues here.
Kosugi: What's the big deal? She quit, didn't she?
Yumiko: Speaking ill of others lessens your own dignity. Remember that.
Sophomore Club Member: But Shiina-san's... Oh, I get it.
Umeko: ...Hm? Is that Shiina I see?
Umeko: Could she have made up her mind and decided to return to the Archery Club?!
Miyako: --!
Umeko: Hey, Shiina?!
Gakuto: Oh, it's such nice weather today. Wait -- Miyako, what're you doin' here?
Gakuto: What's wrong? What about club?
Miyako: ...It's nothing.
Gakuto: It sure looks like somethin'. What is it? What happened?
Miyako: Forget it.
Gakuto: Hey, Miyako!
Gakuto: ...She just went straight into the dorm.
Yamato: What is it, Gakuto? Why are you standing in front of the dorm?
Gakuto: Hey Yamato. Miyako just looked a little off right now.
Yamato: She said she was going to club...
Yamato: Maybe she pushed herself too far.
Gakuto: Maybe. We passed by each other, but she didn't say much.
Yamato: So, the reason you're here is...
Gakuto: She looked kinda grave, so I was keepin' an eye on her.
Yamato: Thanks.
Gakuto: If anythin' else happens, I'll let Mr. Boyfriend take care of it.
Yamato: Yeah.
Miyako: Oh, Yamato...
Yamato: Nm. It's true. Gakuto said you were completely out of it.
Miyako: Ooh.
Yamato: Did something happen?
Miyako: ...Nothing happened.
Yamato: I didn't mean that you couldn't rely on me at all.
Yamato: If there's something really big, then please, tell me.
Miyako: ...Mm-mm. I'm all right.
Miyako: I'm fine, so...
Yamato: ...Are you sure?
Miyako: Yes. I'm completely fine.
Miyako: It's my problem, so...
Yamato: I see.
Miyako: So don't worry.
Yamato: ...All right.
Miyako: Mmm...
Miyako: I'll go take a bath... Okay?
Yamato: ...Miyako.
*It was so frustrating.*
*She said she was fine. If I started clinging to her now, it would ruin the point of pushing her away in the first place.*
*But it was clear to see she wasn't all right.*
Yamato: One possibility is that the Archery Club didn't welcome her back.
Yamato: But would that alone affect her so much?
Yamato: Her expression looked like... Like she was resigned to something she could do nothing about.
Yamato: ...Something she could do nothing about... Her body... Her blood... Her parents?
Yamato: Did they say something about her parents?
*Then I needed to help her.*
*But Miyako had said she was fine. Nnngh.*
*I decided to go to the washroom and see how she was doing.*
*Maybe she'd surprise me, and she'd just be practicing lines for making up with friends.*
Miyako: ...Hah...! Ooh, oooh!
Miyako: How? How can people still be talking about my parents?!
Miyako: It's because of her... That stupid mother of mine...
Miyako: You're dead, so why must you live on in people's memories?!
Miyako: Please, stop making me suffer!
Miyako: How long am I going to have to keep being miserable, thanks to you?!
Miyako: ...Ooh... Gh, ugh.
*The contents of her stomach flowed into the sink.*
Yamato: Hey, Miyako? Are you all right? Open up!
Miyako: Y-Yamato...
*When she heard me banging on the door, she hurried to rinse away the vomit.*
Yamato: Miyako, I know you're in pain. Open the door.
Miyako: Mm-hm, it's hard... I can barely even breathe.
Yamato: For now, just forget everything I said and open the door!
Miyako: Mm-hm. I want you to save me, Yamato... I want you to save me.
*She laid her hands on the door to the washroom.*
Yamato: Yeah, so just open the door, and I'll be able to hold you.
Miyako: Yamato......
*However, her shaking hands couldn't open the door.*
Yamato: What's wrong? Does it hurt, Miyako?
Yamato: ...Miyako!
*I...*
Force the door down
Wait for Miyako to open the door
Yamato: Miyako, get out of the way!
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: I'm going to break down the door.
Miyako: ...Yamato.
Yamato: C'mon, get out of the way.
Miyako: ...Ah... Ahahaha.
Yamato: Hmm?
Miyako: That was all an act. I did it to get your attention.
Miyako: I'm completely fine, really.
Yamato: Miyako.
Miyako: I'm sorry I surprised you.
Miyako: But I won't do it again.
Miyako: So it'd be a big help if you pretend you didn't see anything.
Yamato: ...Oh. Guess that's how it is.
Yamato: But don't do this again, all right? Don't scare me like this.
Miyako: I won't.
Yamato: ...Good luck.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
*I decided to just wait for Miyako to open the door.*
Miyako: ......
Yamato: ......
Yamato: Miyako?
Miyako: ...I can't open the door.
Miyako: If I did, you'd just spoil me.
Yamato: Like I said, you can forget about that!
Miyako: Heheh... You can be so sweet sometimes, in your own way.
Miyako: It's just some mean words, nothing more...
Miyako: I can't let every little thing get to me. I have to push through...
Miyako: To not let me lose to myself over this!
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: I'm fine... I feel so much easier now, just from hearing your voice.
Miyako: I'll be okay, so...
Yamato: But...
Miyako: I have the spirit of Kawakami in me, too.
Miyako: So you don't have to baby me.
Yamato: --!
Yamato: ...Okay. Good luck, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
*She was fighting her own battle.*
*For now, I decided to leave her alone.*
*There was what I'd said to her too.*
*...But it still hurt.*
Yamato: I wonder what Capt would've done?
Yamato: ...Heck, what is Capt even up to right now?
*--Jordan's underground ruins, 50th (final) floor.*
Shouichi: Huff, huff... Is this the last barrier?
Soldier: We've finally made it... Now, tackle the challenge!
Kazama's Dad: The final gateway -- the treasure's watchman?
Kazama's Dad: The documents say that, to stop the watchman, we have to take the treasure key buried in his body.
Shouichi: Simple enough. So simple it's tough.
Kazama's Dad: Hey, we're going to need your help here.
Soldier: I understand. Bring the watchman to this line. My squad will turn him into a beehive.
Kazama's Dad: Just don't shoot us along with it.
Soldier: You have my word we will not.
Kazama's Dad: Don't forget, he's the type to say something like that, then shoot us anyways.
Shouichi: Copy that.
Shouichi: You said the watchman would show as soon as we got up close to the treasure room, but...
Shouichi: It's not coming out. Do we keep walking all the way in there?
Kazama's Dad: Shouichi! The statue! The stone statue's moving!
Statue: Oh fools who seek the treasure...
Shouichi: It speaks Japanese?!
Kazama's Dad: That's what surprises you?!
Statue: You shall atone for your corrupt avarice!
Statue: Now, I will cut you down before you can recover from the surprise!
Shouichi: Whoa there!
Statue: Oh? Most would freeze from shock at my appearance.
Shouichi: It's 'cause I'm used to seeing Cookie!
Statue: Regardless, I will shred you all the same.
Kazama's Dad: Heh, you piece of junk! Just try coming all the way here.
Shouichi: Yeah, we really should stop fighting this thing and run!
Statue: Raaahhhhhh! Get back here!
Shouichi: Over here! Over here!
Soldier: Okay, just keep luring it in. Ready!
Kazama's Dad: Now. Dive sideways just before the line!
Shouichi: On it!
*Just as the two leapt, the soldiers mercilessly opened fire.*
*Had they brought the watchman all the way to the line, they would have been turned into beehives.*
Statue: Nghaahhhhhhh!
*The bullets riddled the statue.*
Statue: How foolish... Begone, philistines.
Soldier: What? All of our bullets bounced off of it?!
*The soldiers were then decimated by the bullets they themselves had fired.*
Soldier: The bullets went right through our Kevlar... Did their hardness increase when they bounced back?
Statue: Did I not say you would atone for the depths of your sins?
Soldier: Am I the only one who got out unscathed...? Tch.
Statue: Now, I shall shred you, then guide you to the underworld.
Shouichi: Not on our watch!
*Shouichi attacked the stone statues.*
*The key was in its torso. Slip past its guard, and one could reach it.*
Statue: You would attack from the front... You have courage, young one!
Statue: In such case, may my sword dance take you to the underworld.
*Its thick blade sped through the air.*
*It came at him with such might and speed that even the well-trained soldiers would've have lasted a second.*
Shouichi: Compared to what Momo-senpai dishes out, this--
*Shouichi splendidly evaded every swing.*
*After all the times Momoyo had jabbed at him and Yamato, their evasive power was through the roof.*
*Furthermore, the place Shouichi had slipped to just happened to be nearly impossible for the stone statue's sword to reach.*
Shouichi: --is not sweat!
*Tremendous agility and overwhelmingly good fortune.*
*Those two abilities combined let him cleanly weather the field of death.*
Statue: Ngh?! Wonderfully done... Oh foreign youth.
*Shouichi had taken the key.*
Statue: Once you've taken the treasure, do not hesitate to run...
Statue: If the king who established these ruins... Cannot rest in peace... Then these ruins, at least, shall...
*The stone statue ceased moving.*
Shouichi: Heheh, score one for the good guys. Though I think it was tryin' to say something?
Shouichi: Ugh?!
*A bullet had shot through one of his legs.*
Shouichi: Wh-What the hell?
Kazama's Dad: You bastard. You would even shoot my son...?
Soldier: Hand over the key. Heheheh.
Soldier: As a reward for guiding me this far, I will let you see the miracle of the elixir of youth.
Soldier: Afterwards, I'll kill you nice and slowly. I'm told I'm quite the torturer.
Soldier: Finally... Finally, the elixir of youth is mine!
Shouichi: Hey, man, you're gonna drink it yourself? Wasn't it supposed to be tribute?
Soldier: You fool. Obviously this is mine to enjoy.
Soldier: It's mine, all mine. *Gulp!*
Soldier: Look at me! I'm growing younger!
Shouichi: Whoa... What a crazy twist.
Soldier: Hahah. I'm getting younger and younger!
Soldier: ...Hey? Wait! This is young enough!
Soldier: Ah, I'm going back to being a child?!
Soldier: I'm a child, but it's still not stopping!
Soldier: Bah, wah...
Shouichi: He's a baby... and now he's getting even smaller.
Soldier: ......
Kazama's Dad: He vanished... He must've drunk too much.
Kazama's Dad: Welp, time for me to try some!
Shouichi: Hey! Didn't you see what happened to the last guy?
Kazama's Dad: That's because he threw it back like a mug of beer!
Kazama's Dad: If I sip it little by little, I'll be fine!
Shouichi: Eh, you've got a point. You gonna do it?
Kazama's Dad: Yeah! Everything in life's a gamble!
Shouichi: Huh? Hey, this isn't...
Kazama's Dad: Oh no... The ruins are collapsing.
Shouichi: Wait -- Our legs!
*Each of them had been shot; neither could run.*
Kazama's Dad: Don't give up, Shouichi!
Shouichi: Wasn't planning on it!
Kazama's Dad: Mm. There's a large boulder blocking the exit?
Shouichi: Even so, I ain't giving up!
Kazama's Dad: It's a matter of time till the ceiling falls in...
Shouichi: It's stuff like this that keeps me adventuring!
Kazama's Dad: Mm... Look there... At the corners of the room. A river's flowing...
Shouichi: Maybe it connects to an underground lake!
Kazama's Dad: However... Yes, this would be best to handle naked.
Shouichi: If we take the treasure, we'll sink!
Kazama's Dad: Tch. The ceiling's coming down! Follow the current!
Shouichi: Yeah! It's all or nothing!
*The ruins completely caved in.*
Local Person: ...This is for the best. If the treasure that rests therein were misused by outsiders, the world would be in grave danger.
Local Person: Besides, the ruins' value as a scholarly tool was no greater than that of the other ruins we've found.
Local Person: Truly, it is best that those dark ruins are gone.
Local Person: I know not who is responsible, but you have saved us all.
*And that was how Kazama unknowingly became the savior of our world.*
*--During practical philosophy class.*
Ikurou: Hey Beardy, that Maro guy's been kinda annoying lately.
Chika: He totally has. He keeps going on and on about life guidance.
Haguro: He literally chopped off some of my hair because he said it was against the rules.
Kyojin: Whoa! He went that far?
Haguro: A woman's hair is her life. If he thinks we gonna take that sittin' down, he's got another thing coming.
Kyojin: That's certainly a problem.
Haguro: And if you try to disobey him, he starts threatenin' to turn his whole family against yours!
Chika: What's he even bringing that up for?
Yamato: (Because that's all he has to rely on, I imagine.)
History Teacher: Maro took the liberty of hearing what you had to say, yes!
Kyojin: Mr. Ayanokouji, we are in the middle of class.
Yamato: (Silence is golden... Thank goodness I didn't speak.)
History Teacher: Silence! You were gossiping about Maro, no?
History Teacher: Especially you, Haguro! You will come see Maro after school today!
Haguro: You gotta be kidding. Save me, Beardy -- I'm gonna be raped!
History Teacher: You imbecile! Why must you refuse to simply say 'Yes, sir'?!
Haguro: Ouch! You hit my face!
Kazuko: Hey! That's going too far!
Mayo: I think that was very mean of you!
Chika: Down with the tyrant!
History Teacher: Silence! Maro is the legitimate son of the austere house of Ayanokouji.
History Teacher: You would not like your entire family to be left out in the cold, no?
History Teacher: So do as Maro says!
Chris: What sort of logic is that...?
Yamato: Wait. Calm down, Chris.
Chris: But Yamato--
Yamato: Let the teacher handle the teacher. I'm sure Mr. Beard will take care of this.
Kyojin: Naoe, c'mon...
Gakuto: (We're countin' on you, Beardy.)
Tadakatsu: (Pops, show them what a true man is.)
Kazuko: (Beardy...)
Kyojin: Ohhh. I've never had so many expectations riding on me.
Kyojin: Okay. Time for this old man to go all-out.
Kyojin: Oh, Mr. Ayanokouji! We're in the middle of my class right now.
Kyojin: For my sake, would you please leave?
History Teacher: Silence! You can see this family crest, no?!
*He thrust before him the Aya crest.*
History Teacher: Who do you figure Maro is? Maro is Ayanokouji Maro, the 32nd of his line!
Ikurou: (And dumbass, nobody gives a shit.)
History Teacher: The only family who can speak to Maro as an equal is Fushikawa's!
History Teacher: Maro's family has a myriad of connections with those at the heart of Japan's power. We could easily crush an entire company, if we so willed!
Ikurou: (Huh? His authority's that dangerous?)
History Teacher: Would you like the Usami Agency to be crushed?
Kyojin: Nah, I've got people working under me depending on that paycheck. I can't--
History Teacher: Then you should withdraw, yes?
History Teacher: --Though with that said, Mr. Usami, you do have some standing.
History Teacher: Should you offer a proper request, Maro would consider it.
Kyojin: Please, Mr. Ayanokouji. For now, go back to your room.
Yamato: (How adult...)
Tadakatsu: (Pops!)
Yamato: (Gen-san, you need to keep your cool.)
Tadakatsu: (Tch. I know, dammit.)
History Teacher: Hoho. Then leave Maro shall.
Kyojin: If that's enough to end this, it was a cheap price to pay.
Chika: Wasn't Beardy totally lame? I thought he'd stand firm, but nope.
Haguro: Well, that was, like, totally like him.
Kazuko: Hey wait. Why's Maro been acting like that ever since the start of the second semester?
Miyako: That's not a question I want to dig into.
Kyojin: Good grief... This just isn't my day.
History Teacher: Hohoho. How fun! Maro should have begun doing this ages ago.
History Teacher: Because Maro treated the students with kindness, they mocked him.
History Teacher: Put those brats who think they own the world back in their place. See how they quivered before the house of Ayanokouji. Very simple, yes.
History Teacher: Hohoho. How wonderfully thrilling!
*Ayanokouji Maro's personality had undeniably warped.*
*--After School, Room 2-F.*
Ikurou: I tried taking a parabolic mic to the park at night so I could listen in on the couples getting down and dirty, but I got nothing to show for it...
Gakuto: It was revealed to us long ago that porn is to be captured on film, not heard.
Takuya: Please stop doing things that would actually get you arrested.
Gakuto: Why're you lookin' at me as you say that?!
Yamato: Have you stopped gathering girls' used toilet paper?
Gakuto: I never did! Don't accuse me of nothing!
Miyako: I'm going to the Archery Club.
Yamato: Yeah.
*I'd resolved to stop openly worrying, and to believe in Miyako.*
Gakuto: ...I don't got a clue what's goin' on, but...
Gakuto: Good luck, Miyako.
Takuya: Fight on.
Miyako: Mm-hm. Thank you.
*Gakuto would get in fights, but by the next week, he wouldn't even remember what he was angry about.*
*He was the kind of guy who wouldn't sweat the small stuff, for whom the past was in the past.*
Miyako: Goodbye.
Ikurou: Yeah, bye-bye.
Ikurou: Looks like Shiina's starting to say hello and goodbye like a normal girl.
Ikurou: That's your doing, Yamato? Dude, you know how to take the reins.
Yamato: Miyako's the one actually doing everything. It's her determination that's seeing her through.
Chris: Miyako, would you like to head home togeth... Oh, you are going to club?
Miyako: Mm-hm. Sorry.
Chris: No, it is fine. Maybe next time.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Kazuko: I need to train too!
Miyako: Then I'll see you later.
*She made it to the stairs, but could still feel someone's eyes on her back.*
*When she turned around, she saw Chris and Kazuko waving to her off in the distance.*
Miyako: ...Heheh.
*She waved back in farewell and walked off.*
Miyako: Okay. I have to get fired up!
*She headed for the archery range, hoping to repair her relationships.*
Miyako: And my skill with the bow has weakened...
Miyako's Dad: Hmm. There is no stronger proof of my time spent on this Earth than the Shiina school of kyujutsu.
*She earnestly accepted her father's teachings.*
*She could never bring herself to erase those teaching, the proof that he had lived.*
*She had to continue to practice the bow.*
*Hence why she was so determined to return to the Archery Club.*
Miyako: ...Ooh, it's time... Now that I'm actually going in there, I...
*Miyako hesitated at the entrance.*
*She felt nervous and wanted to go to the bathroom.*
*If she let her focus waver, she feared she'd grow anemic and lightheaded.*
Miyako: But I have to go in.
Kosugi: And when I saw her bow online, it was so...
*There were people talking about her behind her back.*
*Which made it even harder to take that last step.*
Miyako: It... really is hard.
Miyako: I don't want to go in...
*However... Could she keep on living if she cared about every little piece of gossip?*
*And besides, no matter what they said about her...*
*She suddenly remembered the gazes she had felt from behind.*
Miyako: I know my friends will always be behind me.
*Though Chris and the others weren't physically here, she could feel them by her side.*
*Of course they hadn't gone with her to apologize.*
*Coming here was her lone, solitary battle.*
*Yet their presences were reassuring all the same.*
Miyako: Let's go... I have to change!
*She clenched her teeth and took that first step.*
Miyako: Good morning.
*Miyako's dignified voice echoed across the archery range.*
*The place fell silent. Everyone's eyes were on her. Their gazes bore into her.*
Yumiko: Shiina-san...?
Miyako: I've come here with something to say.
*Suddenly, the sun began to cross the horizon.*
*The archery range was bathed in a vermilion glow.*
Miyako: I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.
*She bowed her head to each and every one of the club members.*
Miyako: I won't say something that selfish ever again, so...
Miyako: Would you please allow me to rejoin the Archery Club?
Kosugi: As I'm sure everybody knows, I'm against this!
Kosugi: I can't believe you think you can just waltz back in here after what you did!
Miyako: I'm sorry.
Sophomore Club Member: Captain, shouldn't we stop her?
Yumiko: Y-Yes...
Kosugi: ...But with that said, I can't deny how skilled she is. Part of me would also like you to let her in so I can improve my own skills.
Kosugi: So, since half of me feels one way and half of me the other...
Kosugi: I think the first thing that needs to happen is for her to be penalized somehow.
Yumiko: Musashi-san, could you just calm down for now? Okay?
Kosugi: This isn't retaliation for me being beat. I'll even that score myself, in a match.
Kosugi: The real problem here is that she called our club activities 'games'.
Miyako: ...Yes. I did.
Miyako: So what should I do...?
Kosugi: Well...
Yumiko: That is for me, the captain, to decide.
Kosugi: ...All right.
Sophomore Club Member: (After how much time has passed, Musashi-san needs to let this go.)
Umeko: Hm? Oh, Shiina, what is it?
Yumiko: You've come at the perfect time. Shall we ask her, too?
Miyako: Yes.
Yumiko: Everyone, could you leave this matter to me? For now, just practice.
Sophomore Club Member: All right.
*...Twilight was nearly at an end.*
Umeko: Hmm. I understand the situation.
Umeko: Since Shiina's come here to apologize, I think it's fine for her to rejoin the club.
Yumiko: Yes. I would welcome that too.
Yumiko: But there's still, well... She needs to be made an example of -- no, that's too much, but something that will let everyone accept this.
Umeko: That is true. Then for a time, how about we have her join the freshmen in doing all the odd jobs after club is over?
Yumiko: Oh, that sounds good. Everyone should be able to accept it then.
Yumiko: What do you say, Shiina-san? We need you to come to club every day, and you'll need to do the same work as the freshman for a while.
Miyako: I understand.
Yumiko: Relax. I won't make you do it forever.
Miyako: Thank you...
Miyako: Oh, however.
Yumiko: Hmm?
Miyako: (I want to ask her to let me skip doing that after school on Fridays...)
*The day of our meeting.*
Miyako: (But I can't do that...)
Miyako: (Going after club activities are over should still leave me with plenty of time.)
Miyako: (And I have to recover my intuition with the bow!)
Miyako: No, it's nothing.
Yumiko: Really? Great! Then it's good to have you back.
Umeko: You won't be getting any special treatment this time.
Miyako: I understand.
Umeko: Still, while I don't know what brought this on.
Umeko: Well done apologizing and starting over! I'm impressed!
Umeko: Shiina, you have done something spectacular.
Yumiko: Isn't this great? Things turned out so well!
Miyako: (These are good people.)
Miyako: (I can't act spoiled here. I'll do my best!)
*--Jordan, local camp.*
Shouichi: Welp, it's about time for me to head back to Japan.
Kazama's Dad: Yeah. It's thanks to you we both made it home safe this time around.
Shouichi: Me, I would've liked to keep swimming a little longer.
Kazama's Dad: What sort of would-be adventurer would be daunted by something so trivial?
Shouichi: I'm not daunted. It was awesome!
Kazama's Dad: My next journey is into the heart of the K2 glacier.
Kazama's Dad: I'm going there in search of the legendary yeti.
Shouichi: Seriously? Man, I wish I could go with.
Kazama's Dad: You aren't used to alpine heights. You're not ready yet.
Shouichi: Tch. Yeah, I know.
Beautiful Woman: Kazama, you go home?
Shouichi: Yeah!
Beautiful Woman: Could live here with me?
Shouichi: Sorry. I've got people who I wanna see back in Japan.
Kazama's Dad: Then until we meet again, Shouichi, somewhere in the great blue yonder.
Shouichi: Yeah!
Beautiful Woman: Kazama...
Local Person: Give up. That there's a man like the wind. Once it decides to blow, there's no changing it.
Local Person: If someone as free as him has people he can trust, then...
Local Person: That's gotta speak mountains of them, don't you think?
Yamato: Miyako's at club. She said she'll be back just in time for the meeting.
Takuya: I see. She's really giving it her all.
Yamato: Yeah. I still can't believe she's going every day now.
Takuya: I hope she can start making friends with everyone else in the club.
Takuya: That's what she wants too, right?
Yamato: Yeah. She's trying to join a community outside of just us.
*She had completely revolutionized her way of thinking, gone above and beyond.*
Takuya: ...I wonder what Capt and Momo-senpai are doing.
Yamato: Capt should be back any day now.
Shouichi: Wassup.
Takuya: You're back already?!
Yamato: Hey, why's your leg covered in bandages?
Shouichi: Oh, I kinda got shot by this soldier guy fifty levels down in the ruins.
Yamato: That's even more insane than I expected...
*--The Friday Meeting.*
*Everyone but Nee-san had come today.*
Shouichi: --And that's what happened.
Yamato: How big of an adventure did you have?!
Takuya: Who in the world survives crossing a tightrope while doing a handstand like you did on the 36th floor below ground?
Shouichi: I kinda thought I was done for myself when I got bit by that poisonous snake.
Shouichi: But I've learned my lesson. Next time, I'm leaving none of my antidotes behind.
Takuya: That's the lesson you learned?
Kazuko: Well, you know. He's like a manga protagonist. No matter how many bullets you shoot, you'll never hit him.
Yamato: I can't believe we're comparing him with that.
Miyako: ...You fought an army, collapsed historic ruins...
Shouichi: What's wrong, Miyako? You keep sighing.
Miyako: After hearing that, I feel stupid about how much I worked myself up over so little.
Shouichi: Oh. Truth is, I was worried too!
Shouichi: Every Friday, your faces would flicker in my eyes. Aww man, I just wanted to go to the meeting so bad.
Miyako: ...I see.
Shouichi: Yeah. Same thing happened when they tied me up and pointed that gun at my face.
Shouichi: I was like, 'Geez. I don't wanna die before I see them again. Yeah, there's no way I'm dying here!' And that gave me the strength to go on!
Shouichi: If you ever find yourself in that kinda jam, you'll feel the same way.
Yamato: Please no. Heck, I don't think I could get in that sort of mess if I tried.
Shouichi: Yeah, coming here really does take a load off my shoulders.
Miyako: ...I see.
Gakuto: Now that everyone's distracted, I'll just say I've broken up with my girl and be on my way.
Yamato: H-Hold up. Gakuto just dropped a bombshell.
Gakuto: Damn you, Yamato.
Yamato: Do you think I'm going to let juicy news like that slip away?
Yamato: (Your tone sounds like you actually want to gripe, so go ahead and get it all off your chest.)
Takuya: We should be congratulating you for finally breaking up. We're glad for you.
Miyako: Huh...? Moro, why are you so happy?
Takuya: This is the best thing that could have happened to him. The girl was far too sadistic.
Miyako: (Are you trying to say you're the perfect partner for him?)
Yamato: You're twisting his words.
Gakuto: When I couldn't stand up to her sadistic acts anymore, I told her...
Gakuto: Are you even the slightest bit interested in me? I can't tell anymore.
Ami: Oh... Is that so?
Gakuto: If you do care for me in the slightest...
Gakuto: Then first and foremost, at least hold my hand!
Gakuto: That has to be a cute demand, right? Right?!
Ami: I believe the rules forbade you from pleading.
Gakuto: Like I'm tellin' you, I can't wait any longer, realistically!
Ami: ...Aw well.
Ami: You've run out of endurance already? I thought you'd last longer.
Gakuto: What do you mean?
Ami: You see, I'm always trying to delve deeper into the heart of sadism.
Ami: And I believe the first step is to create the antithesis of myself -- an extreme masochist.
Ami: You were my guinea pig.
Gakuto: I-I was what?!
Ami: A masochist would, for instance, seek verbal abuse.
Gakuto: Hmm? Enough of your nonsensical words -- kiss me.
Ami: Just listen.
Gakuto: Gah?!
Gakuto: (Th-The heck was that kick? Damn, she's strong.)
Ami: Scolding someone who wants to be scolded is simply giving them a gift.
Ami: The sort of interaction I'm seeking is one where my parter hopes for punishment, desires something, and I give him nothing.
Gakuto: You'd what?!
Ami: He'll endure, and endure, and endure, and endure until he can endure no more, and only then will I give him the ecstasy he's earned.
Ami: But until then, he has to let it ripen.
Gakuto: So how long are you plannin' on havin' me wait?
Ami: You're so pestering... I had considered forgiving you if you proved understanding, but I don't think I will.
Ami: There's a famous saying of Nanahama's conductor, Kuonji Shinra.
Ami: If a dog bites your hand once, forgive it.
Ami: But if he dares to do it again... (She kneed him in the groin.)
Gakuto: Yeouch!!!
Ami: You dispose of the pet. So goodbye, boy.
Ami: I'll find my ultimate masochist somewhere else.
Gakuto: ...That's how it went.
Chris: ...What an incredible tale.
Yukie: People who are S's are truly incredible.
Miyako: I would certainly think them peculiar.
Gakuto: Farewell, my first love. I will never forget the taste of the thumb tacks you put inside my pasta.
Shouichi: ...Good thing you broke up. This here's why you'll never catch me with a girl!
Miyako: In the end, you never even held hands. That's just too sad.
Gakuto: Well, all the same, I learned a lot.
Gakuto: I think all my efforts to show off in front of her were too much, and that I just spun my wheels.
Gakuto: When it's exhaustin' to be with someone, you know it's not real love.
Gakuto: I should have been more true to myself.
Takuya: Oh, then that's good. Just take that advice to heart next time.
Gakuto: That's the plan.
Yukie: Then next, I have an announcement.
Yukie: Oowada-san and I have become friends.
Chris: Congratulations! *clapping*
Yamato: Congratulations! *clapping*
Miyako: Congratulations! *clapping*
Takuya: Congratulations! *clapping*
Gakuto: Congratulations! *clapping*
Kazuko: Congratulations! *clapping*
Shouichi: Congratulations! *clapping*
Matsukaze: Congratulations! *clapping*
Cookie: Congratulations! *clapping*
Yukie: Thank you very much!
Yamato: That took you a while.
Yukie: Yes. I was in such a rush to narrow the distance between us...
Yukie: ...That I kept saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, so...
Yukie: But earlier, when we were all cooling our heads, I realized something.
Yukie: Being aggressive can just scare the other person off.
Miyako: Ooh. I feel like you learned that by seeing everything I did wrong.
Yukie: Oh, I would never say that.
Miyako: Mm-mm. I'm glad I wound up helping.
Yukie: Let's each work hard, at our own pace!
Cookie: Wow It's like everyone's growing up.
Cookie: I wish robots could grow up too...
Yamato: Nah. The old you wouldn't have let that conversation play out. That shows you've grown too.
Cookie: Huh...? Maybe. Ahaha.
Gakuto: What're you blushin' for?
Cookie: I'm not blushing! When did I blush? What hour, what minute, which revolution of the Earth?!
Cookie 2: Come now. Tell me the answer, you with the out-of-date hairstyle.
Gakuto: What? Did you call my hair stupid? Is it too cartoonish for you?!
*The robot and the human began to scuffle.*
Shouichi: Haha, go get 'em! My money's on Gakuto!
*Though one of us was missing, things here in our Secret Base still felt considerably more normal.*
*--In my room.*
Miyako: You called, Yamato?
Yamato: Yeah. Come on in.
Miyako: O-Okay.
Yamato: Well done going to club every day.
Miyako: Mm-mm. I've only just begun.
Miyako: So, what is it, Yamato?
Yamato: I know...
Yamato: Isn't the class trip next week?
Miyako: Right? I can't wait to go to Canada.
*Each year, the school trip destination would be chosen at random.*
*We luckily wound up with Canada.*
Yamato: I want it to be a trip we'll remember.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Yamato: So I know this is pretty early, and I'm just asking for my own sake...
Yamato: But maybe it's time we removed the distance we put between us.
Miyako: Yamato!
Yamato: I'm ashamed to admit it, but I can't live without you.
Yamato: When I wake up in the morning, and see no one between me and the ceiling...
Yamato: My heart just feels so empty.
Miyako: Of course we can!
Yamato: Nwah!
*She pushed me onto my back.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss, kiss*...
Miyako: I can keep doing my best to improve myself now...
Miyako: So Yamato, put your sword back in its proper sheath.
Yamato: Heh. Even though you've changed, you're still you on the inside.
Miyako: Look at me blush.
Yamato: You're so cute.
Miyako: I love you.
Yamato: And I, you.
Tadakatsu: Hey Naoe, I got a cake. You oughta...
Tadakatsu: Whoa! My bad!
Tadakatsu: Damn it... Lock the fuckin' door when you fuck.
Tadakatsu: ...Screw tryin' to do anything in the next room over.
Tadakatsu: Maybe it's time I took a trip 'round the town at night.
*.....................*
*That night, Kawakami was as sleepless as ever.*
Tadakatsu: The Child Palace's opening soon?
*It was a giant, yet boorish amusement facility.*
*A giant bug trap built to lure in the young, perhaps.*
Angel: That guy looks familiar or some shit...
Tatsuko: Awah. It's so late, I'm tired...
Angel: Like you ain't tired during the day, too?
Tadakatsu: And we got all these weird folks on the prowl...
Tadakatsu: Kyojin did say something about this place smelling fishy...
Delinquent: Yo, bro, lend me some cash -- indefinitely.
Delinquent 2: Dude, you got a death wish? That's Minamoto-kun.
Delinquent: Whoa! Shit... He's Minamoto-kun?!
Delinquent 2: Look, just get on your knees and apologize. This ain't no joke.
Tadakatsu: Forget it. Piss off before you piss me off.
Tadakatsu: Damn, it really is like all the assholes came here to play.
Tadakatsu: And to beat all, they got that new drug too.
Tadakatsu: For now, they're just the underbelly of society...
Tadakatsu: But if that darkness starts eroding at the tranquil daylight of Kawakami, where Kazuko and the rest live...
Tadakatsu: There'll be hell to pay.
*In his mind flashed a vision of Itagaki Ryuuhei, the punk who commanded Kawakami's delinquents.*
Tadakatsu: I'll use everything I've got to hunt you down, you starved beast.
*Someday, perhaps, he would walk down that road.*
*From the Child Palace shined an ominous light.*
*The airplane flew towards Canada.*
*It had taken several hours, but everyone had finally settled down.*
Lu: Kazuko, are you airsick?
Kazuko: Nope, I'm good now!
Chika: Umm, I don't think Haguro's doing too good.
Haguro: Shit, am I airsick or having morning sickness? I dunno.
Lu: Let's see here... Oh, this is airsickness.
Lu: Kawakami Ultimate: Blissful Breaking Fist!
Haguro: Gwoh?! Oh... Ah, I feel so at ease!
Lu: Just in case, please rub her back.
Miyako: I'm close by, so I'll do it.
Haguro: Oh, thanks.
Haguro: You're so nice, Shiina. Sorry for gunning for you back during the first semester.
Miyako: It's fine. I'll never forget what you did, but I forgive you.
Haguro: HUH?
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Chika: (It didn't sound like a joke to me. Just scary.)
Lu: Shiina, it's good to see you becoming more sociable.
History Teacher: Is she? Maro's danger sense is tingling.
Lu: And why is that?
History Teacher: No, it is nothing.
Lu: A teacher must not discriminate.
History Teacher: Yes, yes. Maro understands, yes.
History Teacher: How irksome, that Maro's authority is powerless on Mr. Lu because he comes from another country... And he's strong. Maro's weakness, yes.
History Teacher: Yet even so, Shiina Miyako...
History Teacher: (She is still the daughter of a whore. The more sociable she becomes, the more opportunities she has to sink her poisonous fangs into men.)
History Teacher: (If noble Maro does not keep an eye on her, that is.)
Ikurou: Okay, that damn Maro's left us.
Suguru: He has been so quick to find fault lately. I cannot stand him.
Gakuto: Now we class F boys can finally relax.
*And in first class, the most refined place on the flight...*
Hideo: Indeed, this striped shore crab has a taste so divine We could gobble it up.
Azumi: The salt really brings out the flavor, doesn't it, Hideo-sama?!
Hideo: And then there is this prosciutto. Its flavor is truly deep.
Azumi: Please, also have some of this tuna carpaccio.
Hideo: Goodness, We have never seen carpaccio with so much vongole!
Azumi: It and the pasta go perfectly together, don't they?!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Lemons and salt go well with a good meat!
Azumi: I can feel the savory flavor of the fat spreading through me!
History Teacher: Oh. Things here are so refined, yes.
Kokoro: My, if it isn't Mr. Ayanokouji. What an elegant day today is.
History Teacher: Indeed... Oh Fushikawa, if anything happens, be sure to tell Maro.
Kokoro: Wahahahaha.
History Teacher: Hohohohoho.
Jun: I can't stand those two together... A wise man keeps from danger.
Touma: But nevertheless, I must say that first class does not disappoint. Jun, look how tender this spiny lobster is...
Touma: The food is so delicious, I cannot help myself. Wouldn't you agree, Yuki?
Koyuki: *om nom nom* Yep, it's super yummy.
Jun: Hey, hey. Don't talk with your mouth full.
Margit: What is Frau Chr--What is 2-F eating, I wonder.
Kokoro: Naturally, they are eating foodstuffs suitable for such bumpkins.
Kokoro: It is not right for them to join us in this raw oyster buffet.
Gakuto: Oh, these butter roles are so sweet and delicious.
Ikurou: You say everything tastes good. I dunno if I trust this stuff.
Suguru: The meat is tough, and smells foul...
Mitsuru: The servings of sashimi are so small. It's not nearly enough.
Kyojin: I feel bad for you boys, having to live with just this.
Kyojin: I brought some salami that I bought for cheap. Anyone want any?
Shouichi: Whoa! Give it here!
Mitsuru: Pleeeaaasseeee!
*While the boys sought meat, Kazuko and Chris were...*
*...Sitting opposite each other, their eyes closed.*
Mayo: What are they doing together?
Miyako: Image training.
Miyako: In the world of their imaginations unfolds a melee battle.
Mayo: That's amazing. So even now, they're training?
Miyako: But it's so tiring, when they're done, they'll probably sleep.
Chika: But it seems like a good way to kill time.
Kazuko: Mn!
Chris: Mm!
*Both of them had broken out into sweat.*
Umeko: Oh, you're image training? How interesting.
Chika: Ms. Ume, you can tell?
Umeko: I used to often do it myself.
Chika: ...Huh? Hey, Shiinacchi, is Ms. Ume super strong?
Miyako: I don't know her ceiling, but...
Miyako: Well... At the very least, I couldn't hope to beat her.
Chika: Wow, that's amazing. She certainly hasn't been wasting away to old--
*The instant she spoke the word, Chika found a whip coiled about her neck.*
Umeko: Ogasawara, I heard that.
Chika: Eeek?! Why was that the one word you caught...?
Umeko: Why don't you and your teacher have a fun little chat?
Chika: Gaahh!
*She dragged Ogasawara Chika into the lavatory.*
Miyako: ...I'm glad I'm not her right now.
Yamato: I just saw someone getting dragged away. Did she say the forbidden word?
Miyako: Oh, Yamato! Mm-hm, that's right.
Yamato: She'll sometimes hear even the faintest whispers, so you have to be careful.
Miyako: What is it?
Yamato: Are you airsick or anything?
Miyako: Nope. I'm completely fine.
Yamato: That's great. I was worried. (I patted her head.)
Haguro: Fuck me, I don't wanna see that.
Mayo: Naoe-chan, you're such a nice boyfriend.
*Miyako, I, and all our friends were in top physical condition!*
*...Oh, though one of us still had an injured leg.*
*Tomorrow, we'd be in Canada.*
*--Niagara Falls.*
*One of the greatest tourist spots in the world.*
*The students were free to study one of the world's three biggest waterfalls however they wished.*
*Behind the waterfall were Miyako and Yamato.*
*They handed over their shoes and bags at the counter.*
*Then they donned the available ponchos and advanced down the tunnel.*
Miyako: Wow, it's so impressive... So this is the backside of a giant waterfall!
Yamato: There's so much spray, I can't believe it.
Miyako: But it's nice here, behind the waterfall... It's mystic, almost.
Yamato: It might be a little late to say it, Miyako, but you're a little strange.
Yamato: Normally, most people would ride the Maid of the Mist up close to the waterfall.
Miyako: That's nice too, but I like how gloomy it is here.
Miyako: And since fewer people come here, we have space for ourselves.
Yamato: I see. Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Mm
*The fall's famous sightseeing cruise, the Maid of the Mist.*
*Most 2-F students had chosen to go on it.*
*However, Shouichi, Kazuko, and Chris were off doing something else.*
Suguru: Whoa, such intensity. But the spray...
Suguru: My glasses are fogging up... Tch. How awful.
Haguro: Eeek! My camera got soaked, and now it's broken!
Ikurou: You amateur. Of course you bring waterproof gear to a place like this.
Gakuto: No wonder you're a photographer's son.
Chika: Aww, I'm soaked...
Ikurou: SHUTTER CHANCE!
Mitsuru: But you're taking photos not of the scenery, but of the girls. *om nom nom*
Gakuto: The wind's blowing, so it's like we're in a rainstorm!
Takuya: Man, Gakuto, I'm so glad you're here.
Gakuto: I'm not your shield! Tch. I should've just gone in the cave with Yamato and Miyako.
Takuya: Those two, huh... I'm glad they're enjoying themselves.
*Downstream, the Niagara River swirled and eddied.*
*There was a jet boat tour where one could enjoy that intensity.*
*Kazuko, Chris, and Shouichi were riding on one.*
Shouichi: Waha! This's impressive!
Kazuko: The water feels so nice!
Chris: Thank goodness I prepared a towel.
Shouichi: We've got thirty more minutes of this?! Ha ha ha. This's the life!
Kazuko: Go! Faster, faster!
Tourist: Even some of the Japanese are rambunctious, I see.
*At that moment, the boat shook fiercely.*
Kazuko: Whoa, look out!
*Kazuko, who was at the fore, quickly spun in midair to avoided being thrown from the vessel.*
Tourist: Oh, a ninja!
*The spectators thoroughly enjoyed the performance.*
Kazuko: O-Oh? Aww, now I'm blushing.
Chris: I have an ill premonition. Hey, Capt, you are far too injured to attempt to--
Shouichi: No fair, Wanko! Only you get to show off?
Shouichi: I'll do a backflip and get then I'll be the talk of the town! Teyah!
Tourist: Wow, he jumped so high.
Chris: Considering he is injured, I am impressed he can jump so high...
Shouichi: Shouichi of the urban jungle, strong as I can be. Just gotta watch out for that--
Shouichi: Ahh!
*He crashed into a tree branch.*
*He then landed in the river, where Chris fished him out.*
Shouichi: *cough* *cough* Oh, nice backup, Chris.
Chris: Surely there is a limit to how troublesome a leader can be.
*--The helicopter tour.*
*The aircraft circled countless times above the Falls, allowing those within to fully enjoy it in all its splendor.*
*Most of 2-S had taken this route.*
Kokoro: Oh, look. There are rainbows every which way.
Koyuki: So pretty. It's like they're being sucked in.
Kokoro: Indeed. Yet despite that, this is a fine, impressive view.
Koyuki: Kokoro, will you become a rainbow, too?
Kokoro: I will not!
Azumi: How wonderfully dynamic...
Margit: Such beautiful scenery. Things like this are on occasion nice.
Touma: Hmm. Before Mother Nature, the girls forget all malice and frolic innocently... How nice. How truly nice.
Jun: Sure, except maybe Yuki...
Hideo: The Niagara Falls is, to Us, an all too familiar sight.
Hideo: Yet seeing them now with Our friend, they look more brilliant than ever.
Touma: I too am glad to see the falls beside you.
Jun: Sheesh, Young Master. You swing both ways.
Margit: You will be aware that the time when we are to meet up approaches.
Touma: Quite so. We should begin heading back.
Jun: That's a soldier for you. Always punctual.
Margit: Correct. You will continue revering me in that manner.
Jun: Mar-san, you're the greatest.
Kokoro: Of course we superior beings are punctual.
Kokoro: However, the hoodlums of class F will surely all be late.
*Sure enough, she was right.*
Umeko: My goodness, you're all late! I'm ashamed of you!
*Miyako and I arrived on time, but the Maid of the Mist group was late.*
*They tried to be on time, as they feared their homeroom teacher's wrath, but a momentary lack of focus had led them to be several minutes late.*
Umeko: Even if you were only due a few minutes ago, you are still late. Such lack of care is impermissible! You are old enough to take care of yourselves!
Umeko: A shame... As punishment, Class F, you will have no free time tonight.
Ikurou: Whaaat? Th-That's harsh, Ms. Ume.
Chika: Mercy, please!
Gakuto: Denyin' us time to hang out at night is too cruel, Ms. Ume!
Umeko: You brought this upon yourselves! Don't pretend otherwise!
*She cracked her whip, and the bridge fell silent.*
Mayo: ...We're sorry, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: Amakasu, I believe you cared for Kumagai when he became seasick?
Umeko: I am not angry at you personally, but the group must take responsibility.
Shouichi: Huh? Why everyone? We made sure to get back in time.
Shouichi: (Well, it's no big deal. You can forbid whatever you want -- I'll still find me a way outside.)
Yamato: I know we have to take responsibility as a group, but can't you do something for those who weren't personally responsible?
Kazuko: Yes, yes! We've come all this way, too!
Umeko: ...Hmm. You have a point -- it is your long-awaited trip.
Umeko: Then all of you students will team up against me in a game.
Yamato: A game?
Umeko: If you win, I will give you your free time tonight. However, if you lose, you will obediently stay in your rooms.
Yamato: What sort of game?
Umeko: Hmm. It should be something you are all familiar with.
Ikurou: Strip rock-paper-scissAGH! At least let me finish saying it!
*Ms. Ume had punched Yonpachi.*
Umeko: If I left it to you, I'm sure you would think of something improper.
*She placed the can she'd been drinking on the ground.*
Umeko: So then, let's play kick-the-can.
Chika: Wow. Like, I haven't played this in ages.
Umeko: You have three minutes. If one of you can kick this can, you win.
Umeko: If you cannot, I win. How's that?
Yamato: Huh? So, you're saying it's the entire class versus you, Ms. Ume?
Umeko: That's right... There are no rules. Either one of you will manage to kick the can, or I will stop you. It's that simple.
Chika: We don't have a choice. I so don't want to lose my free time.
Ikurou: Yeah. We have to fight.
Gakuto: And you have me. Plus there's Wanko, Chris, and Miyako.
Gakuto: We students will win in a landslide, if you stop and think about it.
Yamato: ...She's confident. That doesn't bode well.
Umeko: Playing with my students over the Niagara doesn't sound too bad.
Lu: I heard the whole story! Ah, if only I were part of this moment.
Lu: I shall referee this fight, if no one minds.
Umeko: By all means, please.
Shouichi: Aww, damn it. If only my leg'd finished healing.
Umeko: I take everything I do seriously. Come at me.
Yamato: Mr. Lu, you're just going to watch?
Lu: I will only act as judge. I certainly wouldn't interfere.
Yamato: Okay. So you won't lift a finger.
Lu: Let the kick-the-can battle... Begin!
Yamato: Wanko, hurry around towards the side near the bottom of the waterfall.
Kazuko: Roger that!
Umeko: ...Heh. I see.
Lu: (That's a good move. If anything is allowed then that includes moving the can into the water. It would be a fair move, checkmating the kicking team.)
Umeko: But Naoe, I am not such a fool as to throw litter into the river.
Yamato: I make sure to cover all my bases. There could be an accident.
Yamato: Next, Moro, I've got something for you to do. Break away from here, go to a vending machine, and then...
Takuya: Aye, sir.
Ikurou: Everyone, don't act on your own.
Ikurou: We all have to work together to kick that can!
*Everyone slowly closed in on Ms. Ume.*
Chika: But you know, like... She would've known she could be surrounded when she made the rules.
Chika: She must have anticipated this might happen.
Ikurou: Nngh. Which means we can't rush in.
Umeko: Aren't you going to attack? The clock's ticking.
Shouichi: Well if I can't take the lead, I'll make up for it by supporting like a god!
Umeko: Mm, a smokescreen?!
*The smoke bomb Capt threw landed at her feet.*
Ikurou: Now's our chance for an all-out attack! Go, go, gooooo!
*All of them charged Ms. Ume at once.*
*A heartbeat later, her whip savagely cracked from student to student.*
*The trajectories were too irregular; the students couldn't react.*
Miyako: Yamato, look out!
*Miyako deflected the whip, protecting me.*
Chris: She handles her whip like a master.
*When the smoke cleared...*
*Only myself, Miyako, Kazuko, Chris, Gakuto, Capt, Minamoto-san, and Moro were still standing.*
*Miyako and Chris had reacted to the whip and dodged it.*
*Gakuto and Gen-san were able to withstand the whip's blows.*
*Wanko and Capt hadn't gone on the attack.*
*And Moro wasn't even here in the first place.*
Umeko: Hmm. Of course the ones with pride in their skills still remain.
Yamato: You did this, just by swinging your whip...? Damn.
Umeko: All I did was gently caress their chins.
Gakuto: No wonder I'm feelin' dizzy... But still!
Tadakatsu: We won't go down that easily.
*Sheer willpower alone kept the two powerhouses standing.*
Yamato: I hope everyone's all right.
Umeko: They'll be back on their feet and hopping about in a few minutes.
Chris: I am astounded by your command of the whip.
Umeko: Sometimes, I prefer that everyone gets to share equally in my whip of love, if you will.
Umeko: And to make sure everything's fair, Chris, I'll have to hit you too.
Chris: No thank you. I will be the one to kick that can!
Miyako: Besides, I was able to predict your whip in flight just now.
Kazuko: Me too! At least well enough to dodge around your attacks and kick the can!
Gakuto: Then I shall take the role of the wall that blocks her whip.
Tadakatsu: You sound too damn excited about that.
Gakuto: Havin' free time at night tonight means that much to me.
Chris: Let's go!
*All of the skilled members of our class rushed Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: Good, but not near enough to break past my whip!
Miyako: It's faster than before!
Chris: Kh?!
Kazuko: Wah! I can't break through?!
*All of them were repelled by the whip-storm.*
Umeko: My whip moves according to my will -- its trajectory, whatever I desire.
Umeko: You need more than a minute or two to learn how to deal with it.
Kazuko: Oww... That whip is incredible, huh.
Chris: Even with so many people, we cannot press the attack?
Miyako: It's more like that she's just that strong... Stronger than even I imagined.
Chris: Though it pains me to say it, we are yet still inexperienced!
Umeko: I might be inferior to you in raw power and speed...
Umeko: But I have confidence in my technique.
Kazuko: If we try to fight her, it won't end well for us...
Umeko: There are many weapons and combat styles. Remember that.
Umeko: Although, I have never seen a more flexible weapon than my whip.
Lu: (She can do over a hundred different things with it.)
Lu: (No matter how hard she tries, Kazuko cannot hope to come up with countermeasures within a few minutes.)
Chris: If only I could predict her whip well enough to catch it...
Umeko: An excellent line of thinking. However, I will not give you that opportunity.
Miyako: We've wasted the past minute just talking.
Yamato: Three minutes isn't enough time to deal with your whip, but it's also too long for us to complain we weren't given a fair chance.
Umeko: Exactly. Naoe, aren't you going to come up with some plan?
Yamato: Since everything is fair game... I do have a plan.
Umeko: Oh? I cannot wait to see it.
Yamato: Please don't be angry with me.
Umeko: That will depend on the plan.
Yamato: This is an especially ugly one...
Yamato: However, as the tactician, I have to win.
Takuya: Here, Yamato. I bought the can of juice.
Yamato: Thanks, Moro... Yet my heart aches.
*I faced towards the Falls and threw the can over the edge.*
Umeko: You would throw the can into the water?! Naoe, how dare you?!
*Now Ms. Ume couldn't help but catch the can I'd thrown.*
*She shot out her whip, aiming for the can.*
Yamato: You're straight-laced to a fault. Now! Go, all at once!
Chris: This plan does not sit will with me, but acknowledged!
*Everyone stepped forwards.*
Lu: (I see. He doesn't care about appearances. To him, a win is a win.)
Lu: (Was this why he ensured I wouldn't interfere?)
Umeko: --Tch.
*Her whip wrapped around the can and yanked it back up.*
*This prevented any littering, but...*
*It naturally also left Ms. Ume's defenses wide open...*
Kazuko: You're mine!
Umeko: Only ten seconds left! I won't let you!
*Ms. Ume kicked the can as hard as she could.*
Kazuko: I-If you kick it that far forward--
Umeko: Then it will take you over ten seconds to reach it.
Miyako: I can see a way. Trust in the strength of my eyes.
*All of this took only an instant.*
*Shiina Miyako slipped out one of her hidden slingshot balls...*
*...and sniped the flying empty can!*
Umeko: What?!
*Shot down by the ball, the empty can rebounded off the ground...*
Kazuko: Okay, now I can kick it.
Chris: Yes, as it fell right in front of you.
Umeko: I won't allow it!
Gakuto: But the two of us will bar your way.
Tadakatsu: Do it now!
Umeko: Tch. Out of the way, both of you--
*But removing the pair took time, however brief.*
Chris: I shall be the next barrier.
Umeko: Kh--
*Just as their fists crossed--*
Kazuko: Teyaaaaa!!!
*Kazuko happily kicked the can into the air.*
Lu: (Good. Well done, Kazuko!)
Lu: After two minutes and fifty-eight seconds, the students of 2-F have emerged victorious!
Kazuko: Wahoo!
Umeko: ...Your tenacity in the end... Was truly splendid.
Umeko: Especially from you, Shiina. Well done shooting the can as it flew through the air.
Miyako: Long-ranged marksmanship is my specialty.
Umeko: As for you, Naoe... While your strategy may have worked, it was vile. I will speak with you later.
Yamato: Ugh. I did say it was an ugly one.
*Well, even so, we'd won. That was what counted.*
Miyako: Yamato, your plan was wonderfully diabolical.
Yamato: And your trump card really saved our bacon! Nice shot!
Shouichi: This is what we can do when we all work together.
Chris: This time, Capt, I believe you mostly sat out?
Shouichi: What're you saying?! You shoulda seen all the work I put in behind the scenes!
Shouichi: Wasn't I the pillar of moral support you all needed in the end?
Yamato: Not especially. This was thanks to Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-mm. This was thanks to you, Yamato.
Shouichi: You two need to get a room, sheesh.
*Our Canada trip continued.*
*The city of Niagara Falls was famous for its casino.*
*Today, we had all headed there.*
Chika: Wow, it's so resplendent.
Haguro: It's like a whole different world in here. I'm so wet.
*The casino was four floors tall and open 24 hours a day.*
Shouichi: Sweet! We're finally here! We're here! We're here!
Umeko: Everyone, do not bet more than your initial seed money.
Umeko: Be aware of how terrifying the stakes here can be.
Lu: You cannot turn your winnings into yen here!
Lu: You'll do that in the airport on our way home!
History Teacher: If your winnings eclipse a certain amount, those funds will be donated to the school.
History Teacher: But this is us being considerate, a preventive measure from you earning so much you become addicted. You should thank us, yes.
Lu: If anyone makes a fortune, we'll upgrade tonight's meal!
Shouichi: Oh, legit? Sweet, then it's time to go all out.
Kyojin: If you gamble it all away, it's not your money you're losing, so...
Kyojin: So get out there and let the magic of money lure you in.
Takuya: I've finished investigating the games we can play... It's amazing how much energy there is here.
Takuya: There's baccarat, blackjack, roulette...
Takuya: And about three thousand slot machines. It's unbelievable.
Shouichi: Places like this, you gotta play against people!
Shouichi: I'm heading straight on over to the roulette tables!
Gakuto: I think I'll be his bodyguard. And see how strong he is.
Miyako: Capt's too lively... Like I was when I got my Yamato.
Touma: Should I take this to mean he is simply that confident?
Yamato: Whoa?!
Miyako: Where did you come from... and where are your hands right now?
Touma: On Yamato-kun's butt.
Miyako: Yamato's butt belongs to me. *death stare*
Touma: But of course. Yet I do wish I could share in that scrumptious feast.
Yamato: This conversation's giving me a headache.
Touma: I hope you won't mind if I borrow him for a moment?
Koyuki: Yay! You can play with me instead!
Jun: I'll be around as a bodyguard, so relax.
Miyako: ...I'm not sure if I can.
Koyuki: Jun's super strong. (She skipped about.)
*So much that she wound up stepping on a Westerner's foot.*
Bob: OUCH!
Koyuki: Oh, I'm sorry.
Bob: WHAT YOU DOING?!
Jun: Hey, chill. She did apologize.
Bob: NO FORGIVE! YOU GIVE APOLOGY AND REPARATIONS--
Jun: C'mon, we're all friends here. Right?
*Jun thumped his hand on the man's shoulder.*
Bob: --?!
Bob: OH, YEAH, I FORGIVE.
Jun: Heh. There he goes. That could've turned ugly.
Koyuki: Heh-heh. Jun's super-duper strong!
Miyako: ...He's so aloof, it's hard to tell how strong he is.
Touma: Though I am certain you are eager to wander about with your girlfriend...
Touma: Perhaps you could put that on hold while we perform a certain job?
Yamato: You want us to head around together? You sent your bodyguard, Inoue Jun, off with the girls...
Yamato: So who's going to be protecting the two of us?
Touma: I was hoping you would keep us safe.
Yamato: I'm not sure I could beat a trained 12-year-old.
Touma: While I, to be perfectly honest, am knee-high to a grasshopper.
Yamato: So neither of us are any good.
Touma: Though this may be a class trip, having someone on hand who can inflict violence does have its benefits.
Yamato: Then I have just the woman in mind. (I blew my dog whistle.)
*The cacophony surrounding us meant nothing to Wanko.*
Kazuko: Oo all? (You called?)
*Her cheeks were stuffed with a hamburger.*
Touma: Kawakami-san, you are surrounded by games and yet you choose the food?
Kazuko: Hm? I mean, there's no way I'd win. *om nom nom*
Kazuko: So I'll just hang around and enjoy my food.: *munch, munch*
*So Wanko would be our bodyguard.*
*Meanwhile, as for Kazama Shouichi's group...*
Shouichi: 400 dollars on red.
Gakuto: ...Hey, hey. Don't put all your winnings back into the game.
Takuya: Aw, it's black! You lost!
Shouichi: Yeah, sometimes things turn out that way.
Shouichi: I'm putting another 400 dollars on red!
Gakuto: And now he's bet everythin' he has.
Takuya: Whoa, he won?!
Gakuto: Well, there's no way he'll bet it all again.
Gakuto: It's common sense to leave a little bit off the table.
Shouichi: Nah, I'm riding it all.
Gakuto: Is your head broken? Did you start trippin' on me?
Shouichi: But this's the only way to make it fun.
Shouichi: I'll put everything I won on red.
Takuya: There's never a dull moment with you.
Takuya: Hey, you lost. They're taking everything away.
Shouichi: Ah.
Shouichi: That was fun... Life's boring without a few risks.
*He stood from his seat.*
Gakuto: ...The hell? You brought money back with you?
Shouichi: I pleaded with some guys who made out big, and they gave me some.
Takuya: Even though you can't speak English? ...Did you use body language again?
Shouichi: Yep. Now then, let's rock this place!
*But I had a decision to make. Would I go with Miyako or with Touma?*
*I decided to...*
Go with Touma
Spend the whole time with Miyako
Yamato: Okay, I'll spend a bit of time with you.
Yamato: Come along, Wanko.
Kazuko: Kaaay.
Touma: Yes. What is the point in coming to a casino if one does not win?
Miyako: Have a good trip...
*Oof. She didn't seem too happy about this.*
*Well, of course she'd want to spend the trip with me...*
Yamato: But I need you to hang in there for a little while.
Touma: Oh, I'm sure she'll forgive you if you make a killing.
Yamato: I never thought I'd hear you talk like that... Right, time for some blackjack.
Touma: Very nice. A mature game, wouldn't you say?
Touma: Let us play together.
*The two of us sat down at the blackjack table.*
Kazuko: I can't do anything... Umm?
Yamato: Oh, you can just take a seat over there and enjoy your meat.
Touma: I see no reason to begin hastily.
Yamato: Yeah, we wouldn't want to try to split and find we're out of money.
Yamato: Thank goodness you're cautious and understand that.
*I tapped my fingers on the table, requesting cards.*
Yamato: ...What are you looking at?
Touma: Each casino has its own local rules. I thought I would check theirs.
Yamato: Six decks, stand on all 17's, surrenders legal, double down whenever, right?
Touma: Precisely. The standard rules, to be sure.
Yamato: You didn't check online before we came?
Touma: Ahaha. There are simply so many other things to see online, as I'm sure you know.
Yamato: Hmmm?
*As we chattered, the round played out.*
Yamato: What age were you when you memorized the basic flowchart for blackjack?
Touma: I must've been ten... A little old, perhaps.
Yamato: I see... Though I think I was even later.
Yamato: (Counting cards comes as easily to us as breathing.)
Touma: (Well, one must be able to do that much.)
Kazuko: I feel like, for every three times you win, you're losing twice.
Kazuko: Why not just win in a landslide?
Yamato: Don't ask the impossible. We're only human.
Touma: And we are making a steady profit.
*Touma and I took our time and made sure to win.*
Yamato: It was fun, working with you.
Touma: We do have so few opportunities to enjoy each other's company.
Kazuko: ...I feel like you guys wound up with a ton more money than I thought.
Yamato: Right?
Haguro: Hey, check it out! Kazama's tearing up a storm at the roulette table!
Kazuko: Wow, really?
Touma: ...Roulette is disadvantageous game, I would say.
Yamato: We've finally won some, and he just sprints ahead of us.
Yamato: Yeah, I'll stay with Miyako after all.
Miyako: Yep, Yamato belongs to me.
Touma: You'll cling to your girlfriend? A wonderful choice, in its own way.
Touma: Then I hope we find some other opportunity to enjoy each other's company.
Yamato: Yeah.
Miyako: So, what should we play?
Yamato: How about we spin the slots?
Miyako: I don't really understand them, so I'll cheer you on from the side.
*Which machine to play...*
Miyako: Is there any chance of winning? Aren't they made to favor the house?
Yamato: Statistically, yes. But we'll be fine, so long as we aren't greedy.
*I played the slots, but... I wasn't winning anything.*
Miyako: The fruits won't line up, huh.
Yamato: Let's try a different one.
Miyako: Oh, this time they lined up. And money's spilling out.
Yamato: Okay, let's stick with this machine.
Miyako: You're going to play on solely this one?
Yamato: Nah, just for a little while. Then I'll swap.
Miyako: ...Little by little, you're making a profit. Amazing.
Yamato: Slow and steady wins the race... I'll wind up with plenty, just you wait.
Haguro: Hey, check it out! Kazama's tearing up a storm at the roulette table!
Miyako: You heard her.
Yamato: ...But the odds at the roulette table are so long.
Yamato: We've finally won some, and he just sprints ahead of us.
Shouichi: 10,000 dollars in all! And it's all mine.
Ikurou: Whoa! You won again!
Chris: Well, a historic figure did once say, 'I would rather have lucky generals than good ones'.
Kyojin: It's a rare for someone to be THIS lucky.
Suguru: Luck? At this point it's cheating.
Mitsuru: Wow, Kazama-kun. You really are amazing.
Umeko: Kazama! Enough! Surely you've won enough!
Shouichi: Why's that? Here I'm finally getting in the grove.
Takuya: Just watching him is making me feel ill... Ugh.
Umeko: You are a student. You cannot bet ten thousand dollars on a single spin.
Shouichi: Ten thousand or a million, there's no way I'm changing who I am!
Gakuto: It's 1 dollar to 100 yen, right? Then that's a ton of cash! 100,000 yen!
Takuya: No, it's a million!
Gakuto: That's a fortune. But it's still not enough for you?
Shouichi: A million? You're thinking too little. Just a million's not enough to satisfy me!
Lu: Leave, Kazama. You are the first student to ever win so much.
Lu: I would think this is a good time to quit. Oh, look.
Shouichi: Whoa, hey, let go of me, I'm--!
Umeko: All of 2-F will feast for the rest of the trip.
Kyojin: You had to know this was how this was gonna end. C'mon, let's collect your winnings.
Shouichi: THIS IS TYRANNY!
Ikurou: Hey, we've come all this way. Let him do what he wants!
Gakuto: Yeah. And with Capt, I get the feelin' he can do it.
Mitsuru: Yeah. I can't justify it, but I have faith in him.
Umeko: Ergh. Don't stir the pot!
Umeko: Hasn't he already won more than enough?!
Ikurou: Huh? But...
Umeko: Now get. Get!
Gakuto: The hell? You're no fun.
Kyojin: But still, this really is something... Maybe I'll try to double it?
Umeko: Please don't, you'll lose. We'll spend it on food.
Kyojin: Whoa, that's harsh...
*--At dinner.*
Mitsuru: Grade-A sirloin! The sashimi of kings! Waahhh!
Takuya: What a feast! It's so awesome!
Kazuko: I can eat and eat and it'll never run out!
*The entire class could've believe the feast before them.*
Umeko: Give your thanks to Kazama. Most of this was thanks to his winnings.
Yamato: I owe you, Capt!
Miyako: Thank you, Capt. I'll fill my belly.
Chris: We can eat to our hearts' contents. You have my gratitude.
Shouichi: Yeah, go ahead and eat all you want...
Shouichi: I just wanted to find out how much I could win...
Chika: All that, and you're still disappointed?
Chika: You're amazing, Kazama, but... I don't know if I can keep up with you.
Haguro: What's the big deal if he loses? Then he'll feel something real.
Mayo: You're like a real, live gambler.
Mayo: You're such a bad boy, but after you earned us this delicious food, I couldn't possibly scold you.
*--Class 2-S.*
Kokoro: H-Hey! 2-F had a more extravagant meal than we did.
Jun: Well, they did spend over ten grand on it.
Kokoro: Wha! This is infuriating! Why do I feel defeated?!
Margit: You will think of it as simply a gambler's earnings.
Kokoro: I can't compartmentalize as easily as you, soldier!
Margit: Then I have no choice. Take some of my meat. You will eat it thankfully.
Kokoro: Isn't that the fat?! Why would I want it?!
*The night was a lively one...*
*The students had free time to themselves.*
*The hotel was Canadian in name, but it was part of the Kuki Conglomerate.*
*All their hotels across the globe had identical interior layouts.*
*--2-F boys' room, pep rally.*
Ikurou: We've got everyone except Kazama, Gen, Suguru, and Kuma-chan!
Gakuto: Right now, our hearts are as one!
Ikurou: I'll put it to you straight -- we're going to peek on our classmates in the bath.
Takuya: You're really all for this, huh...
Yamato: So then, what business do you have with me?
Ikurou: Simple! We're going to peek in on the hot springs.
Gakuto: But we need a tactician. Won't you do it?
Yamato: Me? The Peeking Tactician? Hey, hey, guys.
*A difficult question. I had a girlfriend, but...: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
I would peek
I wouldn't peek
Yamato: You did well to ask me.
Ikurou: Whoa.
Yamato: Okay. Then let us now begin Operation: Conquer Canada.
Ikurou: That's the spirit. I knew you'd do it, Ero Tactician.
Gakuto: Who knows how many of us will survive the battle...
Yamato: I swear, you will reach the destination alive!
Gakuto: Yeah, I knew you were a lecher on the inside.
Takuya: That's not a compliment!
Yamato: Everyone, please follow my orders...
Yamato: First, give me a map of the vicinity.
Gakuto: Here. The best hot springs to peek at are near the peak.
Ikurou: First, there's the normal route. It's covered in guards.
Yamato: Of course it is. So we can't cut through there.
Yamato: We'll have to go through the lost woods.
Gakuto: The slow-and-steady strategy?
Ikurou: Heck, any other route gets us caught for sure.
Yamato: (But that's not the only reason.)
Yamato: (If I buy us a bit of time, Miyako and Wanko will have finished their baths.)
Yamato: (Then I won't have to worry about the guys seeing them nude.)
Yamato: (No matter how slight the risk, I won't chance anyone else seeing my woman's naked body.)
Yamato: (Besides, I should probably protect Chris and the rest of my friends too. Definitely. Yup.)
*We began our assault of the open-air baths.*
*However.*
Ikurou: Whoa, the inn set traps?!
*We lost men before we even reached the hot springs.*
Gakuto: I care not. I shall go on ahead!
*In the end, when I reached the destination...*
Takuya: I can't stay in someplace this dangerous. I'm going back!
*I stood alone...*
Yamato: Just me...? Good grief.
Yamato: For everyone else's sake... I have to go, even if just by myself.
Yamato: Now then, beyond this cliff lies the truth of the world!
*I felt as if... I was dreaming.*
Yamato: They do say hard work is rewarded.
*The sight was amazing... Thank goodness I'd made the right choice.*
*The view was so amazing,*
*I knew I'd be fapping to what I was seeing here for days.*
Yamato: --Sorry, Miyako. I swear I won't cheat on you, but...
Yamato: Just looking... That's fine, right?
*I loved Miyako, but...*
*But that didn't preclude me from admiring female beauty in all its forms!*
*And from taking the time to appreciate them properly.*
*That would be my requiem for my comrades whose journeys had been cut tragically short.*
Yamato: First... There's Class Rep. Her body is like a child's.
Yamato: And yet, mmm, it's still attractive.
Yamato: It's so sleek, and nothing if not pure.
Yamato: A refreshing sight amidst the bodacious babes surrounding her.
Yamato: In their midst, I love those pink tits.
Yamato: As delectable as those breasts might be...
Yamato: What feast would be complete without some backside?
Yamato: Yes, very nice.
*That was enough of that.*
Yamato: Class Rep is so sleek...
*There was no hair anywhere near her special parts.*
*Gazing at it felt wrong, yet I struggled to look away.*
*Next, there was Ogasawara.*
Yamato: Her body's so pretty...
Yamato: And shockingly, she has no bush.
*I'd catch glimpses of it every time she recrossed her legs.*
Yamato: And heck... Her nipples are amazingly pink.
*She didn't look like she was fooling around.*
*Was it that I wanted to see her as a virgin, or was she really...?*
*Yet either way, sexy was as sexy did.*
*And how I loved how they jiggled.*
*I certainly wasn't going to refrain from enjoying that view.*
*I had to remember this sight for all my life, after all.*
Yamato: Hmm, I could watch those forever.
*Miyako had a nice body, but hers was nice, too, in its own way.*
*I kind of felt awful about this, but... Well, I could crack this up to being a man.*
*It looked like the three of them were talking about something.*
*I focused on my sense of vision.*
*Then...*
Yamato: Now what can I say... Are 28-year-olds the best?
*Her breasts stood proud.*
*They still brimmed with youth, bore none of the signs of aging.*
*And her nipples were as pink as Ogasawara-san's.*
*She had an innocence to her that belied her 28 years of age.*
Yamato: And the back of her neck is sexy too...
*It was white, smooth, and pretty.*
*Her beautiful curves cave together to a plump ass that was in perfect view.*
*Her bottom's beautiful skin was utterly unblemished.*
*It was as white as a freshly-peeled peach.*
*Hers were the seductive curves of a mature woman.*
*Her defenseless, abundantly ripe ass...*
*The glimpses of Ogasawara's crotch whenever she moved her legs...*
*Class Rep's nipples...*
*What a wonderful world this was.*
*No, I would watch until they left, until my heart was content.*
*Then, I tasted a mysterious, bizarre feeling of satisfaction.*
Yamato: I can't peek!
*I had Miyako.*
*Sorry, but this wasn't something I could do.*
Yamato: C'mon, c'mon, go back to your rooms!
Gakuto: Damn you. Then we'll go without you!
*And the results.*
Tadakatsu: Everyone who went to go peek came back a failure.
Yamato: Don't say I didn't warn them.
Tadakatsu: They even went and got themselves hurt... For fuck's sake.
Yamato: ...Hmm.
Ikurou: You're taking too long! Screw it, you're coming with!
Yamato: Hey, you don't get to decide for me.
Ikurou: This isn't like you, Yamato. Make up your mind.
Gakuto: If you're hesitating, that means you want to see.
Yamato: ...Well, kind of.
Takuya: Ahahaha. Well, that is the nature of a man.
Yamato: Okay. I'll do it.
Yamato: And therefore...
Yamato: Everyone, please follow my orders.
Yamato: First, give me a map of the vicinity.
Gakuto: Here. The best hot springs to peek at are near the peak.
Ikurou: First, there's the normal route. It's covered in guards.
Yamato: Of course it is. So we can't cut through there.
Yamato: We'll have to go through the lost woods.
Gakuto: The slow-and-steady strategy?
Ikurou: Heck, any other route gets us caught for sure.
Yamato: (But that's not the only reason.)
Yamato: (If I can buy us some time, Miyako and Wanko will have finished their baths.)
Yamato: (Then I won't have to worry about the guys seeing them nude.)
Yamato: (No matter how slight the risk, I won't chance anyone else seeing my woman's naked body.)
Yamato: (Besides, I should probably protect Chris and the rest of my friends too. Definitely. Yup.)
*We began our assault of the open-air baths.*
*However.*
Ikurou: Whoa, the inn set traps?!
*We lost men before we even reached the hot springs.*
Gakuto: I care not. I shall go on ahead!
*In the end, when I reached the destination...*
Takuya: I can't stay in someplace this dangerous. I'm going back!
*I stood alone...*
Yamato: Just me...? Good grief.
Yamato: For everyone else's sake... I have to go, even if just by myself.
Yamato: Now then, beyond this cliff lies the truth of the world!
Yamato: --What?
Yamato: It's like I've been Rickrolled...
Yamato: A natural setting, but they're wearing towels?!
Yamato: Oh God! Why must you be so cruel?!
Yamato: This is how it ends? What am I peeking for?!
God: Thou hast a girlfriend, yet thou wouldst be a Peeping Tom? Perhaps thou ought consider the error of thy ways.
Yamato: Ugh... Fair point.
Yamato: But I can't die knowing I left things like this.
Yamato: Maybe if I wait, they'll take off the towels?
*The three seemed to be talking about something.*
*I strained my ears.*
Chika: Peeking? Really? You think they'll actually come this far?
Umeko: This is a precaution. Just in case.
*...What?*
*While I'd hesitated... Shit.*
*I should've made up my mind sooner.*
Mayo: Ooh. Chika-chan... Yours really are big.
Chika: I've worked hard to keep them well-shaped.
Mayo: I feel like I should be putting in that extra effort too...
Mayo: But my chest simply won't play along.
Mayo: H-How can I awaken their slumbering power?!
Chika: Wow, Mayo, you're getting serious.
Yamato: (They're talking about their bodies?)
Yamato: (Her ass, where it isn't covered by the towel, looks amazing.)
*I stared and appreciated the fine art before me.*
*Man, Ms. Ume was truly sexy.*
Chika: Well, Ms. Ume might know more about that than me.
Chika: I mean, she's got a way better figure than I do.
Umeko: Heh. Your body will develop as you grow older.
Umeko: This is natural.
Chika: How many boyfriends have you had?
Umeko: Huh?
Chika: You're stoic, so maybe three? Or five?
Umeko: Mn, mm!
Umeko: That is a secret.
Umeko: (I could never tell them the truth...)
Umeko: (But still, three? For shame.)
Umeko: (How can she guess that many?)
*What a slapstick class trip this turned out to be.*
*All of which was coming to an end.*
*-- Farewell, Canada. --*
*That weekend, we returned to Japan.*
*A week had passed since our class trip.*
*I was out deepening my friendships with students in the other classes.*
*I had to, in order to make even just one more acquaintance.*
Yamato: ...? (I feel like somebody's eyes are on me.)
Yamato: (This isn't just my imagination...)
*Why was I standing out more than normal?*
Yamato: Hey, I'm feeling some pretty harsh glares right now.
Yamato: Am I that famous for being a lovebird?
Class D Student: Yeah, you could say that.
Class D Student: What, you didn't see the message board?
Yamato: Huh? What're you talking about?
Class D Student: It's an online forum.
Class D Student: You're all pretty famous there.
Yamato: You mean the school's underground site? I've got a bad feeling about this.
Class D Student: You'll understand once you see it for yourself... Well. Don't let it get to you.
Class D Student: They're probably just jealous.
*In 2-F.*
Yamato: So, Moro, do you know anything?
Takuya: Oh... About that site? Yeah... I know.
Gakuto: Then let's boot up your laptop and check it out.
Takuya: I think you'd be happier not seeing it.
Shouichi: Hearing things like that gets my curiosity flowin'.
Shouichi: There I was, having a pleasant nap on the roof, when I hear those words, and then I'm up in a snap.
Takuya: This is a secret between us four guys, got it? It's better not to know.
Takuya: Umm, okay, here's the site.
Takuya: It's the post written here. Take a moment before you read it.
Yamato: Let's see...
Takuya: I'm begging you, please. Don't get so angry you break my PC.
Takuya: I almost destroyed it myself.
Yamato: --
Shouichi: What is it? What's written there?
Gakuto: Let me see, too.
*2-F's Shiina Miyako is the daughter of a prostitute. She used to be bullied for it.*
*Miyako? You mean that hot chick? You serious?*
*Everyone who went to the same elementary school as her knows it.*
*Heck, I hear the daughter's a whore too.*
*I mean, she's always playing with a bunch of boys.*
*Bet she's fuck-buddies with Kazama, the bandana guy, and that musclehead.*
*Maybe I can ask her for a quickie.*
Takuya: Well? I know that must make you feel sick. I can't stand it either.
Yamato: You said it... They're just blabbing on.
Takuya: I'm only calm now because I already got the anger out of my system.
Takuya: But I hope those assholes get tortured so badly they wish they'd never been born.
Gakuto: Aw, damn... Who'd write lies this nasty?
Gakuto: People think anonymity gives them the right to say all sorts of things they'd never say to your face.
Shouichi: Okay. So. Do we got any way to identity them?
Takuya: It's possible, but that's a tall order.
Takuya: And besides, Miyako's not the only one being slandered.
Takuya: On this forum, all sorts of people are the topics of conversation.
Shouichi: Oh, you're right. They're even talking about me.
Takuya: People like me, who don't stand out, don't get talked about at all. I guess you could call it the price of fame.
Takuya: ...But the hailstorm of slander and libel surrounding Class S is disgusting.
Gakuto: Yeah. This is gross...
Gakuto: But even more infuriating is not being able to do anythin' about it.
Takuya: I didn't say anything before because I thought it'd be better if you didn't know...
Shouichi: Yeah. The girls don't have to know about this.
Shouichi: It's the leader's job to deal with attacks on his friends' reputations.
Takuya: Sure, but what can you do?
Shouichi: Yeah, when I don't even know who wrote that...
Yamato: I'll talk about this forum to the school and get it shut down.
Gakuto: Whoa.
Yamato: ...But eventually... They'll just make a new one somewhere else.
Yamato: I wonder... Is Miyako all right?
Shouichi: You're worryin' way too much. You gotta believe in her.
Yamato: You're not wrong, but...
*--At the archery range.*
Kosugi: ...Torya! I'm mimicking Shiina-senpai!
*Musashi Kosugi stood straight, her bow pointed at the target.*
Sophomore Club Member: Ahahaha. You look even more like her now.
Miyako: Hey, hey, what are you doing? Just shoot normally.
Kosugi: But learning from you, Senpai, has improved my accuracy. I thought being more like you might improve my technique even more.
Miyako: You don't have to take exactly the same stance I do.
Kosugi: So you don't want me to improve quickly, do you?
Miyako: No. You'll improve, Musashi-san.
Kosugi: Wow, I have your seal of approval.
Miyako: So don't rush, and take your time. It's a long road ahead of you.
Kosugi: Okay!
Kosugi: So my dream to be as good as you could come true!
Miyako: Well, that might be out of your reach.
Kosugi: Oh, that's mean. I guarantee you I will.
Sophomore Club Member: Ahahaha.
Umeko: ...Little by little, Shiina's truly becoming part of the team.
Yumiko: Yes. And she hasn't shirked from any of the chores.
Yumiko: And as everyone gets to know her better, they're gossiping about her less.
Yumiko: Everything turned out well! Thank goodness.
Yumiko: I feel as satisfied as when I eat a delicious meal.
Umeko: Truly.
Yumiko: I'm sure there's still a lot of club members with strong opinions, but at the rate she's going, I'm sure she'll manage!
Umeko: Indeed! ...Mm!
Umeko: Shiina, would you stay for a bit once you're finished? I'd like to speak to you.
Miyako: Yes, ma'am.
Umeko: The sun's started to set early.
Miyako: Yes... It's so sad.
Umeko: Do you remember when we talked during the first semester about studying abroad?
Miyako: You mean, with sending someone to Germany in exchange for Chris?
Umeko: Precisely... The truth is, we still haven't decided on whom to send.
Miyako: You still haven't, after all these months?
Umeko: They want someone who can teach the bow, which makes things tricky... I have one candidate, but there's opposition to her.
Umeko: But I don't think anyone would object to you, so let me ask again--
Miyako: But, Ms. Kojima, the truth is...
*She explained her father's circumstances...*
Umeko: ...Your father's isn't well? Then you certainly can't leave Japan.
Miyako: Yes. I'm sorry.
Umeko: Your father's dream--to show as many people as possible the wonder of the bow--is a splendid one.
Umeko: While this is just a suggestion...
Umeko: The Germans are so lacking for instructors that, if we asked, I'm certain they would be happy to welcome both you and your father.
Miyako: My father can go with me to Germany?
Umeko: We'd still need to ask, but I can't imagine they'd say no.
Miyako: ...I see.
Miyako: ...Could I have some time to think it through?
Umeko: ...Okay. It would be for a year and change... But you are going out with Naoe.
Umeko: Give it some careful thought.
Umeko: And of course, you are free to decline. Think it over.
Miyako: ...Mm.
Miyako: I don't know where studying abroad will lead... But I'd be with my father...
Miyako: That sounds so wonderful, but...
*Miyako paced about, a dozen things on her mind.*
*Thump!*
Kokoro: Mm...
Miyako: Oh, I'm sorry.
Miyako: So then, goodbye.
Kokoro: Oh, I touched the Shiina Virus.
Miyako: ......
Kokoro: Hohoho! Are you infuriated? Oh, don't let a little joke bother you.
Kokoro: I hear you were bullied back in elementary school.
Miyako: Well, there was a time like that. What of it?
Kokoro: Is everything written on the message board true?
Miyako: I really don't care who wrote what where.
Kokoro: ...How stoic. How you show such strength in the face of this, I will never know.
Miyako: What are you trying to say?
Kokoro: I think your parents decide whether you are a winner or loser in life.
Kokoro: Since I was born into nobility, I was a born a winner.
Kokoro: But you were born into a horrible life. I'm impressed you made it this far.
Kokoro: The more I think about it, the more sad your fate seems to me.
Miyako: So what?
Kokoro: I mean nothing in particular. I have an intellectual curiosity.
Kokoro: I simply had no idea there are those who struggle as you do. Hohoho.
Miyako: I almost feel like you're trying to insult me.
Miyako: And I would rather you wouldn't, if it's all the same to you.
Kokoro: No thank you. If you wish me to cease, get on your hands and knees and beg.
Miyako: ...I wouldn't say I mind Kawakami Academy's system instead.
*Miyako slammed her school badge on the ground.*
Miyako: If I win, you will never speak that way about me again.
Kokoro: ...Oh? Someone infected with the Shiina Virus would fight with one as elegant as I...?
*She placed her own badge atop Miyako's.*
Kokoro: Then the duel has been arranged.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Kokoro: Then let us summon a teacher to referee.
*...One hour later.*
PA: A duel will soon be commencing on Field 1.
PA: The combatants will be armed. Any who wish to observe should head to Field 1...
*The grounds were packed with onlookers.*
Cooking Club Member: Anyone want a snack?!
Yamato: Who's fighting whom?
Yamato: Whoa, it's Miyako?!
Gakuto: And she's against Fushikawa, from the neighboring class? What happened?
Takuya: We have to cheer her on.
Shouichi: Hold it. She actually planning on fighting her up close and personal?
Yamato: ...Weapons are legal, so I think she'll be using her trump card.
*The grounds were packed with the students who hadn't already gone home.*
Lu: So then, with the permission of the full staff, I, Lu, shall referee this duel.
Lu: Each of you is fine with starting one meter apart, yes?
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Kokoro: I take no issue with it.
Kokoro: (You fool... You, an archer, challenged me, an expert in throws, to a close-ranged fight?)
Lu: Though you are not required to do so, if I may make a suggestion...
Lu: Limit the match to five minutes! No one seeks a sluggish fight.
Kokoro: That is fine. Five minutes would be too long as it is.
Lu: There are no special rules. Everything is legal.
Lu: The battle will continue until one party gives up!
Miyako: Roger that.
Kokoro: Understood!
Lu: You are not defeated until you accept defeat. Don't give up.
Kokoro: Hohoho. You think you can defeat me?
Miyako: I won't lose. It's that simple.
Yamato: Miyako! I don't know why you're fighting, but good luck!
Miyako: Yamato...
Miyako: Your support gives me infinite strength. *wriggle*
Kokoro: My oh my. You should know your place, you pervert.
Yamato: For Miyako to win, she has to...
Shouichi: First up, she's gotta start things simple, make sure she doesn't get caught.
Spectator A: C'mon, get started! I'm so pumped!
Spectator B: This is why I love Kawakami Academy. C'mon, start!
Lu: Seeing as to how even the onlookers are eager to start, begin!
*At his signal, the two plunged without into battle.*
*Their shadows clashed together time and again.*
Kokoro: I shall catch you!
Miyako: I won't let you!
*Miyako used her arm to sweep away Kokoro's hands.*
Kokoro: You're tenacious, but do you even have a way to win?!
*Sometimes she would go for the grab; other times, she would try to sweep Miyako's legs.*
*Fushikawa Kokoro was attacking Miyako right and left.*
Miyako: Mnph!
*Miyako nimbly evaded those attacks.*
Yamato: Again I see just how amazing my girlfriend is.
Kazuko: Yeah. It's amazing how she's dodging all those attacks, but...
Chris: But as her opponent stated, I can see no way for Miyako to win.
Yamato: Oh, you two are here, too?
Shouichi: I get what you're saying, Chris.
Shouichi: She's doing nothing but dealing with her opponent's attacks.
Gakuto: Good luck, Miyako!
Chris: Your opponent is being predictable!
Kokoro: Hmph! Enough peeping from the stands!
Miyako: --!
*Miyako wasn't one to let that brief moment of weakness escape unpunished.*
*Though she had been running away, now she drove forwards.*
*She swung her elbow at her opponent's body, a finishing blow.*
Kokoro: I showed you that opening on purpose, you simpleton.
Miyako: Kuh!!!
*No sooner did Miyako realize she'd been baited than her vision turned upside-down.*
*Kokoro had gracefully thrown her.*
Miyako: Kh!
*Miyako rolled back to her feet.*
Miyako: ...? You're not attacking.
Kokoro: Now do you understand? You can never defeat me.
Kokoro: An archer, in melee combat? How paradoxical. This result is inevitable.
Kazuko: She must not have done any follow-up attacks to make it seem like she's in complete control.
Chris: And yet, if she had pressed the assault, she surely would have won.
Chris: Such a facet can prove a weakness.
Yamato: Stay strong, Miyako.
Kokoro: Now then. Now that I have planted in you the seeds of despair...
Kokoro: I shall give you a full course serving of my noble joint manipulation techniques!
*She moved towards Miyako.*
Miyako: (My plan to instantly punish any weakness in close-quarters combat isn't working.)
Miyako: ...In that case!
*She stuffed a hand into her breast pocket.*
Miyako: Seigh!
*Then she threw a slingshot ball, her secret weapon.*
Kokoro: --!
*At this range, it would take skills on par with the Goddess of War to dodge the something moving that fast.*
Miyako: (I got her!)
*Fushikawa Kokoro couldn't hope to do so.*
Kokoro: So each of us has in her possession a trump card!
Miyako: Kh!
*However, Miyako had failed to account for Kokoro's own secret weapon -- an iron fan.*
*She's unfolded it and thus repelled the projectile.*
Kokoro: Do you understand now why ranged attacks are ineffectual against me?
Miyako: Kh.
*She fired a ball high into the air.*
Kokoro: What are you aiming at?
Miyako: And I'll set another! ...Hm?!
*Miyako threw a second slingshot ball.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. You fired consecutive shots to hide the second behind the first.
Kokoro: Naturally, I can gracefully deal with such. Like so! And so!
Miyako: Mm. And one more!
Kokoro: This time only a single-bounce ricochet attack? How lax.
Miyako: Ah! She blocked every shot...
Kokoro: You need not be so glum. For F to lose to S is the proper way of the world.
Kokoro: Be proud that you will fall in battle to me.
Miyako: I won't let you get close!
*She prepared another slingshot ball...*
Miyako: Ha!
*And fired it.*
Kokoro: Trying to target my fingers that hold my fan? How pointless.
*She deflected the projectile with her fan.*
Miyako: Ooh.
*Bit by bit, Kokoro closed the distance between them.*
*Miyako prepared her next round.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. After blocking your next shot, I shall be in range for my noble flying joint manipulation.
Kokoro: And then I shall first render you unable to speak!
Kokoro: I shall crack every bone in your body and turn you into a jellyfish.
Miyako: Ooh...
Kokoro: (It would be hilarious if she were so frightened that she wet herself!)
Kokoro: Hohoho. Here I go!
Miyako: Wah!
Kokoro: Hahaha. You're so nervous that your hands went wild! You shot in entirely the wrong direction!
Kokoro: I have you now! This is the end. Super Finishing Move, Flying Joint Manipulation!
*The moment Kokoro sprung at Miyako, wrapped herself around her--*
Kokoro: Hagh?!
*--A slingshot ball hit Kokoro's forehead from an impossible angle.*
*The force coiling about Miyako's arms slackened.*
Kokoro: Impossible... I was on guard for any rounds falling from above.
Kokoro: ...That one... came diagonally? ...Ah!
*Now that her strength had weakened, her half-completed flying joint manipulation left her a sitting duck.*
Miyako: Prepare yourself.
Kokoro: Wait--
Miyako: Seyaaahhhh!
*Her downward hammerfist blow struck a critical hit on Kokoro's forehead.*
Kokoro: Gaaaaaahhhhhh!
*Kokoro crumpled to the ground, bounced once.*
Miyako: Seigh!
Kokoro: Nyowaahhhhh!
*Miyako soccer-kicked her bouncing body.*
*And then, Kokoro rolled like a ball on the ground.*
Miyako: I've won.
Kokoro: O-Ooh... ooh... You ricocheted your shot.
Kokoro: You fired a ball at the previous one that was already behind me, causing it to ricochet back and strike me!
Miyako: Thank you for saving me the explanation. Mnph!
Kokoro: Hhgh?!
Miyako: I've sealed your mouth. Now you can't cry uncle.
Kokoro: ...?!
Miyako: You said you would break every bone in my body and turn me into a jellyfish...
Miyako: So you must have been prepared to suffer the same fate if you lost.
Kokoro: ......!!!
Miyako: Heh heh. I haven't the slightest idea what you're saying.
Miyako: Also, you called me a pervert... But you're wrong.
Miyako: I am far worse than a pervert.
Miyako: Let's start with your left pinky finger... Hold out your hand.
Kokoro: ......!!!
Miyako: Here we go!
Miyako: Oh, listen to it snap, crackle, and pop.
Miyako: I'll break one, and then the next, and then all the rest.
Miyako: Oh, no. But then your life would be ruined forever!
Kokoro: ......!!!
Miyako: ...Ah.
Miyako: Oh, I just wanted to scare you a bit. I'm sorry.
Kokoro: Hick, ugh... Oooh... Ooh, wahhhh!
Miyako: I can't believe she peed herself.
Kokoro: Waaahhhhh! I give, I give!
Miyako: You heard her.
Lu: The winner is Shiina Miyako!
Miyako: V for victory! (Her victory pose, apparently.)
Miyako: You're crying... For Pete's sake.
*Miyako covered Kokoro with the water Assistant Master Lu had brought for them to drink.*
Miyako: Let that cool your head.
Spectator A: Oh, she's pouring water on the loser! She's so merciless.
Spectator B: I can't get enough of these cold-ass bitches!
Miyako: This should stop anyone from finding out you wet yourself.
Miyako: ...It's fine now. I won't tell a soul.
Miyako: It'll be our little secret.
Kokoro: Aiiie, I-I understand!
Miyako: Good.
History Teacher: (Nwah! Fushikawa Kokoro was defeated?)
History Teacher: (Curse you, yes. No daughter of a prostitute should emerge above a noblewoman!)
History Teacher: (How odious, yes! Oh how Maro detests you, Shiina Miyako!)
Spectator A: It sounds like Maro's grumbling to himself.
Spectator B: That dude's scary. Let's get outta here.
History Teacher: Wait, you two!
History Teacher: You seem somewhat suspicious... Maro will perform a body check.
Spectator A: How's that make any sense?!
Spectator B: We haven't done anythin' wrong. Whats your problem?!
History Teacher: Silence! Do you know who you're speaking to?
Spectator A: Ouch. Please, don't dig into my cheeks with your fan.
Momoyo Fan 1: Mr. Ayanokouji, you're going too far. If that went into his eye, you could really hurt him.
History Teacher: Why must each and every one of you fight Maro at every turn?!
Spectator B: I mean, we did apologize.
History Teacher: You were insulting me with your eyes!
Momoyo Fan 1: I think you're going a little far--
History Teacher: You there... Your hair looks a little long.
History Teacher: That violates school rules! Maro shall cut it.
Momoyo Fan 1: Y-You're kidding. Please, stop!
Spectator A: H-Hey, you can't just do that.
History Teacher: Silence! You would resist?! For Maro's family, leaving your entire family out in the cold would be child's play!
History Teacher: And given the recession, would you even be able to eat?
Spectator A: Kh...
History Teacher: In the first place, it was wrong of you to interrupt your teacher!
History Teacher: Maro tries to be polite about it, yet disgust is the response... How unacceptable!
History Teacher: Now, Maro shall cut your hair!
Momoyo Fan 1: S-Stop, please. N-Noooooo!
History Teacher: Oh, my. Because you moved, my hands slipped...
History Teacher: Maro may have cut off a little too much...
Spectator A: (Y-You'll pay for that. I'll entrap you, and get the state to arrest you.)
Spectator B: (It's impossible. His family is too strongly connected with the government.)
Spectator A: (Why is someone like him a teacher in the first place?!)
History Teacher: Maro will cut more off! More, and more!
Momoyo Fan 1: *hic*... *whimper* sniff.
History Teacher: This is one link of Maro's guidance...
History Teacher: Thus shall Maro steer everyone into becoming good, perceptive individuals.
History Teacher: Then, if Maro can thoroughly instruct them in the Heian Era...
History Teacher: The age of nobility will come to Japan once again.
Spectator B: (Th-This is unfair. He's so full of himself...)
Spectator A: (If only someone would punish evildoers.)
*Could no one bring the wrath of justice upon this man?!*
*The students' anger was reaching the boiling point.*
*--Kawakami Academy, on the roof.*
Tesshin: I have heard many horrible stories.
Tesshin: ...You seem to have gone a bit overboard, Mr. Ayanokouji.
History Teacher: (My oh my. Have the stories reached even the troublesome old man?)
Tesshin: You had better change your ways.
History Teacher: Maro understands.
History Teacher: (Maro shall instruct the students, so why would Maro cease doing something that feels so good?)
History Teacher: (But Maro will be more subtle next time.)
Tesshin: ...We've got a student skipping class to nap on the roof?
Shouichi: *snore*
Tesshin: You can rest easy. I will overlook this, just this once.
*--The Friday Meeting.*
*Everyone had gathered save for Momoyo, who was still overseas.*
Shouichi: Guys, today the leftovers from my job are cakes!
Chris: Cake, cake!  I could eat two myself.
Shouichi: Oh, don't go holding yourself back. Shoot for three!
Chris: If you insist, Capt!
Kazuko: We have to eat them today!
Gakuto: There's so many Mont Blancs... I'd like a tiramisu myself.
Yukie: What would you like, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Y'all never seen a horse love mille-feuille till you see me go after 'em.
Miyako: Then I will have the chocolate...
Takuya: I'll take whatever's left over. What about you, Yamato?
Yamato: I'll be orthodox and have shortcake.
Gakuto: Oh, that reminds me. Miyako, didn't you go home to Yamanashi last Sunday?
Miyako: That's right... Although I feel so wild, eating with my hands.
Gakuto: Was your father doin' well?
Miyako: Mm-hm. It looks like he's going to hang in there.
Takuya: That's great!
Miyako: Mm-hm!
Miyako: (But still, I couldn't believe it.)
*--Five days earlier, in Yamanashi.*
Miyako's Dad: Oh? I would accompany you to Germany?
Miyako: Yes. That's what I heard.
Miyako's Dad: You've done well to be chosen for such a thing.
Miyako: Do you think I'm going?
Miyako's Dad: Hm? You're not?
Miyako: You're not interested in it yourself, right?
Miyako's Dad: No. If anything, I want to go!
Miyako: Huh?
Miyako's Dad: My dojo may be here, but I have no pupils...
Miyako's Dad: Better then to go where my skills are sought, where I can teach a new generation the wonder of the bow.
Miyako: I see...
Miyako's Dad: This would be a wonderfully tranquil place to meet my end, of course...
Miyako's Dad: But unfortunately, I am a hair too healthy to sit and wait.
Miyako: Isn't that a good thing?
Miyako: But, I see... Okay...
Miyako's Dad: Oh, but this is nothing more than my opinion.
Miyako's Dad: Right now, you have friends and a boyfriend, right? Though it is only for a year, you should think.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
Miyako: (I want to fulfill my father's wish too...)
Miyako: (And part of me wants to spend more time with him...)
Miyako: (But being apart from everyone for a year is just...)
Miyako: ......
Yamato: Hey, Miyako, what are you worried about?
Miyako: Mm-mm, I'm not worried about anything. I've already made up my mind.
Yamato: You have?
Yamato: When you're troubled about something, you look really despondent, so I get worried.
Kazuko: But she's usually worried about something stupid.
Miyako: Wanko, shush.
Kazuko: I was kidding, just kidding. Ahaha.
Yamato: Well, at any rate, let's eat the cakes.
Momoyo: Don't mind if I do. I'll have the strawberry, sponge, and cream cakes.
Yamato: Wait, there's only one person I know who eats that mercilessly!
Momoyo: Hey guys! I'm back!
Kazuko: Yay! Onee-sama!
*Wanko jumped up and hugged her tight.*
Kazuko: I missed you so much!
Momoyo: Hahaha. There, there.
Kazuko: Huh. You brought a ton of luggage.
Momoyo: Yeah. I came here before heading home.
Momoyo: Ahhhh! There's no place more relaxing than here!
Cookie: Here, have some tea.
Momoyo: Oh, long time no see, Cookie.
Momoyo: *gulp* *gulp* ...Pwah!
Takuya: How was your training, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: Nothing about me's really changed.
Momoyo: But if I had to say, I don't want to fight as much as before.
Yamato: That's amazing.
Momoyo: My nature hasn't changed. The cycles are just longer now.
Yamato: Even so, you've grown! Good work.
Momoyo: Heheheh. It seems you've been a good boy, little bro.
Momoyo: I missed you too. *kiss*
*She lightly kissed my cheek.*
Miyako: Ooooh!
Momoyo: Haha. Nothing makes me happier than that you two are as close as ever.
*She kissed Miyako's cheek as well.*
Gakuto: Give me one too, Momo-senpai!
Momoyo: Wow, it's been so long since I've had a moment like this. Mororo, where's the comeback?
Takuya: I knew you'd say that!
Momoyo: Hahaha. Yes, yes, that's it! So nice.
Momoyo: Man, every Friday, I would get so fidgety I didn't know what to do with myself.
Chris: Heheh. Capt and the others said the same thing.
Shouichi: That's how it is.
Momoyo: I'll be coming every week from now on!
Yukie: It's great to have you!
Matsukaze: And now we back to ten.
Yukie: Matsukaze, you can't count yourself as a person.
Chris: ...Miyako, things are back to normal in no time at all.
Miyako: So...
Miyako: Why was I being so difficult back then?
Momoyo: Hm? What happened?
Kazuko: You see, while you and Capt were away... (She explained everything.)
Momoyo: Haha. Miyako, you're so cuuuuute!
Shouichi: You said it. They say some people are just fated to be stuck with each other, right? No way would our meetings go away that easily.
Kazuko: Right! We've been together for years.
Miyako: I can't argue with that... Heheheh.
Shouichi: Well, sorry for making you feel lonely.
Shouichi: Looks like nothing really gets started 'round here without me!
Momoyo: Hah! You think you're that key?!
Shouichi: Ouch! Don't kick me into the air!
Kazuko: Time for a combo. I'll layer some weak punches...
*Everyone quickly started horsing around.*
Miyako: ...Heheh. They teased me.
Yamato: Yet you seem so ecstatic.
Miyako: ...Even though everyone went away, they still had this place on their mind.
Yamato: Why wouldn't they?
Miyako: ...Yeah... I finally understand why that's so obvious.
Miyako: Really, I was such a fool for panicking...
*Currents of change could be scary...*
*But here, things were still the same.*
*We might have fought sometimes...*
*But in the end, we would always be like this.*
Umeko: Shiina, about what we discussed regarding your father...
Umeko: The Germans said they would be happy to have both of you come. And that they would cover all expenses.
Miyako: Really?
Umeko: We shouldn't be surprised. They are aware of your father's talents.
Miyako: But he's sick.
Umeko: I've already told them. They accepted nevertheless.
Miyako: Wow...
Umeko: And none of the other teachers objected to your suitability as an exchange student.
Umeko: By all means, please participate.
Miyako: I see...
Miyako: ...Hmmm... Let me talk to Yamato about it.
*During lunch break, on the roof.*
Shouichi: Zzz...
*While Capt nonchalantly took a nap...*
*Miyako told me about how she'd been offered the opportunity to study abroad.*
Miyako: --And that's where things stand.
Yamato: Wow. I never would've seen this coming.
Yamato: So Miyako, what'll you do?
Miyako: I-I... Well...
Miyako: (My father wants to go...)
Miyako: (And I'd get to spend his last year together with him.)
Miyako: (But that means spending a year apart from everyone.)
Miyako: (That's still too...)
History Teacher: Oh, Shiina. So this is where you have been, yes?
Yamato: Mr. Ayanokouji?
History Teacher: Hmmmm. Your boyfriend is here, too. This may be perfect.
History Teacher: During today's morning meeting, you were again suggested as an exchange student.
History Teacher: But you are the person in question, no? How do you feel about it?
Miyako: Well... I...
History Teacher: Hmm. You look so downcast... You are disinclined to do so, no?
History Teacher: Heh heh. Then that is good. It gives Maro peace of mind, yes.
Yamato: What's that supposed to mean?
History Teacher: Must Maro state the obvious?
History Teacher: If the daughter of a prostitute were to go, it would bring embarrassment to all of Japan, no?
Miyako: Huh?
History Teacher: If anyone is to go, it should be someone of higher pedigree!
History Teacher: But if you say you will not go, then that is good.
Yamato: Hey. Please wait a second, Mr. Ayanokouji.
History Teacher: What is it?
Yamato: Do you have any idea how unbecoming of a teacher your statements are?
Yamato: I think you owe Miyako an apology.
History Teacher: Maro wants no such thing, no. Why must Maro sink to such lows?
History Teacher: Nothing is more important than appearances and public standing! Maro does not believe you so foolish as to not know that, no.
Yamato: But I would never say it like that.
History Teacher: Listen, Naoe. For Maro is about to impart an important lesson.
History Teacher: The Germans have sent as their student the scion of the Friedrichs.
History Teacher: A noble family in Germany, they. So we must consider the same.
History Teacher: If we send someone noble, then they will know we view them with import, yes? Thusly is trust built.
History Teacher: If we send someone like Shiina, in whose parents there is a problem, that will come out.
History Teacher: Not only Shiina, no, but even the school will suffer for it.
History Teacher: Simply surrender on this. Accept that you must suffer for your parents' sins!
Yamato: And if we can't accept a single thing you just said?
Yamato: I certainly hope you don't think you've won this argument!
History Teacher: What did you say?!
Yamato: I'm sure the goal was never to exchange students of equal pedigree.
History Teacher: There are tacit understandings in play, no?
Yamato: And even if there were a problem with Miyako's parents, that has nothing to do with her.
History Teacher: The world shall not see it thusly!
Yamato: Furthermore, Miyako won't suffer. She's not that weak.
Miyako: (Yamato...)
History Teacher: Nunununugh... Curse you, Naoe. You oppose Maro on everything, no?
History Teacher: If you oppose Maro, you will soon be expelled from school!
Yamato: I'm not so sure even you have that power!
History Teacher: Maro does! That is Maro's strength!
History Teacher: Now, apologize to Maro! Say you are sorry for talking back to Maro, yes!
Yamato: Gh... (Is his power that absolute?)
Miyako: Yamato, it's fine...
History Teacher: Heh. Not even your little group of friends can oppose Maro.
Miyako: Let's go.
History Teacher: ...Well, there is nothing to fear from your vile group, no.
Miyako: Hm?
History Teacher: Do you not have relations with all of them, you prostitute?
History Teacher: Such was written on the forum.
*The son of a...! I knew I had to...*
Hold it in... now's not the time
Beat him up
Miyako: ......
Yamato: (Shoot!)
History Teacher: Truly, you modern youngsters are hopeless without Maro's loving guidance.
Miyako: Hey.
Yamato: Miyako, wait!
History Teacher: Oh?
Miyako: How dare you insult everyone!
History Teacher: Aiieee?!
Yamato: You're screwed if you hit him! Stop, Miyako!
*I desperately tried to hold her back.*
History Teacher: A-Aiiee...?!
Yamato: We'll make him pay for that. But don't give into anger and hit him here and now!
Miyako: But he...! Just me is one thing, but he insulted everyone!
Yamato: Even so, fight through it, please...
Miyako: And heck, how do you plan to make him pay?!
Yamato: W-Well...
Miyako: Then I have to give him what he deserves right now!
History Teacher: Ho...... Hoho.
History Teacher: Of course you would understand, Naoe.
History Teacher: Namely, how terrifying it is to oppose Maro! Just how many connections do you think Maro's family has with the political world?!
History Teacher: One party's chief secretary, another's chairman, all of them Maro's relatives!
History Teacher: No commoner can raise his hand at Maro, no.
Yamato: ...Ngh.
History Teacher: Now, strike Maro -- if you can!
*...We... were in a tough spot.*
*We'd had countless crises over the years.*
*And always, in such times of peril...*
Shouichi: Leave this to me.
History Teacher: Huh?
Miyako: ...Capt.
*In times of peril, a hero would arise.*
Shouichi: All this shouting while I was tryin' to sleep's really pissed me off.
Shouichi: If it's a punch you want, it's a punch you'll get!
History Teacher: Are you an idiot?! Maro is a noble--
History Teacher: Paghoooo?!
*Capt's iron fist smashed the history teacher's face.*
*Strong enough to send him head-over-heels into the ground.*
*We all watched, dumbfounded.*
Shouichi: None of that matters one bit.
History Teacher: Y-You idiot! You have no idea what you have done, no!
History Teacher: Maro will give the order, oh so soon...
Shouichi: Sorry to say it, but the only guy who can order me around -- is me.
Shouichi: One more time!
History Teacher: HOLY MOLY!
Yamato: C-Capt, that might get you expelled.
Shouichi: So what if it does?
Shouichi: I mean, you two are such high achievers, it'd be a waste to see you get kicked out.
Shouichi: But I'm the wind! A free man!
*He kicked the teacher back into the air.*
History Teacher: Gahhhh!
Shouichi: If I'm gonna get expelled, I'd better make sure I earn it.
Shouichi: There's a lotta hate going around for him.
Yamato: Y-Yeah, there is.
Shouichi: What's going on here has absolutely nothing to do with you two.
Miyako: Capt, what are you...?
Shouichi: Let this be all my doing.
Yamato: You think that'll actually hold water? ...I'll testify.
Miyako: Mm-hm, of course!
Yamato: Sorry... I couldn't hit him, yet...
Miyako: Thank you...
Shouichi: You idiots. Didn't I tell you?
Shouichi: Whatever happens, I'm your captain. I'll take responsibility.
History Teacher: Wh-Why has Maro been brought to this?!
Shouichi: 'Cause you insulted my friends. Simple as that.
Shouichi: Yamato, Miyako, you two call a teacher here. I figure you don't wanna look at this guy's mug.
Yamato: Yeah, got it. We'll explain what happened while we bring them here.
Miyako: Capt...
Shouichi: I told you not to be so worried. I'll be fine.
Shouichi: Now then...
*--Broadcast room.*
Jun: Now then, let's getting ready for the radio program.
*He could hear voices from outside.*
Jun: Hm? What's going on out here?
Shouichi: C'mon, keep walking.
History Teacher: Gh, geheh...
Jun: K-Kazama, don't tell me you finally...
Shouichi: Yeah, I hit him. He was insulting my friends.
History Teacher: B-But that is all Maro did.
Shouichi: I'm borrowing the broadcast room.
Jun: For what? Hey!
Shouichi: I'll knock the wind out of you!
Jun: Gwuh?! Hey, this isn't enough to take me out.
Shouichi: Please. If I'm getting expelled, I wanna clear the air first.
Jun: ......
Jun: Gwah! Kazama got me! He's taken over the broadcast room... *thud*
*Jun made a big show of collapsing to the floor.*
Shouichi: Good thing I got here before Momo-senpai... Welp.
*He blocked the entrance to the broadcast room.*
Umeko: The two aren't here?
Shouichi: Oh, testing, testing. This is Kazama Shouichi from Class 2-F.
Yamato: Capt? What're you doing on the loudspeaker?
Miyako: He's in the broadcast room!
Umeko: Let's hurry.
Kyojin: Hey, hey, what's going on?
Class D Student: Kazama-kun grabbed Mr. Ayanokouji and barricaded himself in the broadcast room.
Kyojin: ...What? Hey, the door won't open.
Kyojin: Hey, open up, Kazama!
Shouichi: Sorry to interrupt your lunch, but I hope you won't mind hearing me out.
Shouichi: Today, this guy here decided to insult my friends.
Shouichi: I'm never one to let people who do that get off easy.
Shouichi: Word is the same guy's put you all through hell too.
Shouichi: So he's sayin' he wants to take this chance to apologize.
Shouichi: Here you go!
History Teacher: Aiieee!
Chika: Huh? That's... That's Maro.
Ikurou: What in the world's going on...?
Shouichi: The mic's on. Don't you got something to say?
History Teacher: Why did this happen to Maro... Ooh.
History Teacher: Do you have any idea what will happen to you la-hagh!
Haguro: Whoaaa?! This shit's legit?!
Suguru: That brilliant bastard... He really did it.
Kosugi: Hey, did you hear that? Oh my gosh, this is amazing!
Yukie: Capt-san...?!
Touma: What a thrilling surprise.
Koyuki: Jun texted me, saying he didn't get dragged in.
Touma: That is a relief.
History Teacher: Ugh... M-Maro is sorry.
History Teacher: Sorry for... all the burdens... Maro laid on you.
Momoyo Fan 1: Aha, he did it! Serves you right!
*Cheers burst out from all over the school.*
Momoyo: Looks like our Capt's stepped it up to the next level.
Kyojin: Hey, Kawakami. I know you could bust down this door with one finger...
Kyojin: But would you mind waiting, I dunno, ten seconds?
Umeko: Mr. Usami!
Kyojin: Doesn't sounds like everyone else will play ball...
Yamato: Capt... You're just doing whatever you want.
Miyako: Will he be all right?
Shouichi: Looks like things are getting crazy around here. My work's done.
Shouichi: But I've got one last thing to say first, and it's important.
Shouichi: This teacher here's been going on and on about nobility and all that junk...
Shouichi: But your parents have got nothing to do with you! What matters is you yourself!
Shouichi: What we do here's going to decide our futures! We can't let that potential get crushed 'cause someone's stuck on something dumb!
History Teacher: You have no idea how the world works...
Shouichi: Yeah, I don't got one clue about the world.
Shouichi: But I've figured out one thing -- noble blood doesn't mean squat when you're hated by everyone.
History Teacher: Ugh...
Shouichi: Save the discrimination for when you're eating dinner with your relatives.
Umeko: Hey Kawakami, won't you break down the door already?
Momoyo: For times like this, there's a trick you have to use to build up your ki.
Momoyo: (It's too late to change anything now anyways.)
Momoyo: (I'll let him finish saying his piece.)
Momoyo: (I know that's what you want, Capt.)
Shouichi: That's what drove me to do all this, and I did it on my own.
Yamato: Huh?
Shouichi: Man, being a hero to everyone is sweet.
Miyako: Capt's lying...
Momoyo: ...I'm breaking down the door.
Shouichi: Oh, looks like I'm outta time.
Shouichi: Welp, sorry for bothering you all.
Shouichi: Come reprimand me, the sole magnificent perpetrator.
*Then the broadcast cut off.*
Yamato: Ms. Ume, Capt is...
Umeko: I believe I understand the circumstances.
Umeko: But given the extremes he went to... He's on the brink of expulsion.
Miyako: But that's...
Umeko: Relax. I won't let him go over that edge.
Kyojin: We've been flooded with complaints about Mr. Ayanokouji.
Kyojin: He won't be able to dodge a suspension, but we should be able to keep him from being expelled.
Yamato: ...I...
Momoyo: Leave the rest to them. You've explained things, right?
Yamato: Yeah, to Ms. Ume.
Momoyo: Then your work here is done. If you cause trouble here, you'd just be spitting on Capt's feelings.
Yamato: Capt...
Shouichi: Ouch. You don't have to cuff me. I'll go!
Shouichi: Oh, Miyako and Yamato.
Yamato: Geez, you're just so...
Shouichi: Hah. There's nothing like hogging the spotli--: Wah, don't yank me!
Shouichi: Hey, Miyako.
*Miyako ran over to him.*
Shouichi: Guess I made you feel so lonely you wound up starting a fight. Sorry about that.
Miyako: None of that matters...
Shouichi: Listen, don't let yourself get down in the dumps over the past.
Shouichi: I've just shown you what I do to folks who say otherwise.
Miyako: ......
Shouichi: Why? 'Cause I'm Capt. I'm the guy who--
Shouichi: Hey, that hurt! Let me finish!
*They finally took him away.*
Miyako: (Capt...)
Miyako: (I was saved... by Capt and Yamato.)
Miyako: (Earlier, I... tried to rely on Yamato again.)
Miyako: (Tried to have Yamato to decide my future...)
Miyako: (I can't go on like this...)
Miyako: (I can't let myself get beat up over every little thing from the past.)
Miyako: (I know I can get even stronger...)
Miyako: ......
Yamato: ......
History Teacher: Truly, you modern youngsters are hopeless without Maro's loving guidance.
Miyako: Hey.
History Teacher: Oh?
Miyako: How dare you insult everyone...
History Teacher: Aiieee?!
Yamato: You don't have to hit him...
Miyako: Yamato?
Yamato:  Because I will!
History Teacher: Paghoooo?!
*My fist directly struck the history teacher's face.*
*Strong enough to send him head-over-heels into the ground.*
Yamato: You slandered Miyako, slandered everyone!
Miyako: Y-Yamato...
History Teacher: Wha... Naoe Yamato!
History Teacher: How dare you! How dare you do this!
History Teacher: You will pay for this, yes! Know the vengeance of Maro's entire family!
Yamato: Shut up. (I kicked him.)
History Teacher: HOLY HELL!
*I didn't regret hitting him even in the slightest.*
*The only question was, how would I deal with this situation?*
Shouichi: Aww, you done did it.
Yamato: Capt, you were awake?
Shouichi: I opened my eyes to the sight of you giving him a knuckle sandwich.
Shouichi: That isn't like you, Tactician!
Yamato: I've still got some vigor in me.
Shouichi: For now, I'll keep watch on him -- you go call Ms. Ume.
Shouichi: Besides, given how much everyone hates him, you should get off lightly.
Yamato: Yeah, got it. We'll explain what happened while we bring them here.
Miyako: Yamato...
Yamato: I'm fine. Let's go grab a teacher.
Shouichi: Yeah. Leave this place to me.
Yamato: Thanks for the help.
Shouichi: Dude, stuff like this's a leader's job.
*Miyako and I headed to the teacher's office.*
History Teacher: Maro shall make you pay for that, yes...
Shouichi: Welp...
History Teacher: Ho?
History Teacher: Gaaahhhhh!
*--Broadcast room.*
Jun: Now then, let's getting ready for the radio program.
*He could hear voices from outside.*
Jun: Hm? What's going on out here?
Shouichi: C'mon, keep walking.
History Teacher: Gh, geheh...
Jun: K-Kazama, don't tell me you finally...
Shouichi: Yeah, I hit him. He was insulting my friends.
History Teacher: M-Maro won't forgive you... Not you, nor...
Shouichi: Shut it!
History Teacher: Gah!
Jun: Hey, hey.
Shouichi: I'm borrowing the broadcast room.
Jun: For what? Hey!
Shouichi: I'll knock the wind out of you!
Jun: Gwuh?! Hey, this isn't enough to take me out.
Shouichi: Please. If I'm getting expelled, I wanna clear the air first.
Jun: ......
Jun: Gwah! Kazama got me! He's taken over the broadcast room... I'm done for!
*Jun made a big show of collapsing to the floor.*
Shouichi: Good thing I got here before Momo-senpai... Welp.
*He blocked the entrance to the broadcast room.*
Umeko: The two aren't here?
Shouichi: Oh, testing, testing. This is Kazama Shouichi from Class 2-F.
Yamato: Capt? What're you doing on the loudspeaker?
Miyako: He's in the broadcast room!
Umeko: Let's hurry.
Kyojin: Hey, hey, what's going on?
Class D Student: Kazama-kun grabbed Mr. Ayanokouji and barricaded himself in the broadcast room.
Kyojin: ...What? Hey, the door won't open.
Kyojin: Hey, open up, Kazama!
Shouichi: Sorry to interrupt your lunch, but I hope you won't mind hearing me out.
Shouichi: Today, this guy here decided to insult my friends.
Shouichi: I'm never one to let people who do that get off easy.
Shouichi: Word is the same guy's put you all through hell too.
Shouichi: So he's sayin' he wants to take this chance to apologize.
Shouichi: Here you go!
History Teacher: Aiieee!!!
Chika: Huh? That's... That's Maro.
Ikurou: What in the world's going on...?
Shouichi: The mic's on. Don't you got something to say?
History Teacher: Why did this happen to Maro... Ooh.
History Teacher: Do you have any idea what will happen to you la-hagh!
Haguro: Whoaaa?! This shit's legit?!
Suguru: That brilliant bastard... He really did it.
Kosugi: Hey, did you hear that? Oh my gosh, this is amazing!
Yukie: Capt-san...?!
Touma: What a thrilling surprise.
Koyuki: Jun texted me, saying he didn't get dragged in.
Touma: That is a relief.
History Teacher: Ugh... M-Maro is sorry.
History Teacher: Sorry for... all the burdens... Maro laid on you.
Momoyo Fan 1: Aha, he did it! Serves you right!
*Cheers burst out from all over the school.*
Momoyo: Looks like our Capt's stepped it up to the next level.
Kyojin: Hey, Kawakami. I know you could bust down this door with one finger...
Kyojin: But would you mind waiting, I dunno, ten seconds?
Umeko: Mr. Usami!
Kyojin: Doesn't sounds like everyone else will play ball...
Yamato: Capt... Don't tell me you...
Miyako: Ahhh...
Shouichi: Looks like things are getting crazy around here. My work's done.
Shouichi: But I've got one last thing to say first, and it's important.
Shouichi: This teacher here's been going on and on about nobility and all that junk...
Shouichi: But your parents have got nothing to do with you! What matters is you yourself!
Shouichi: What we do here's going to decide our futures! We can't let that potential get crushed 'cause someone's stuck on something dumb!
History Teacher: You have no idea how the world works...
Shouichi: Yeah, I don't got one clue about the world.
Shouichi: But I've figured out one thing -- noble blood doesn't mean squat when you're hated by everyone.
History Teacher: Ugh...
Shouichi: Save the discrimination for when you're eating dinner with your relatives.
Umeko: Hey Kawakami, won't you break down the door already?
Momoyo: For times like this, there's a trick you have to use to build up your ki.
Momoyo: (It's too late to change anything now anyways.)
Momoyo: (I'll let him finish saying his piece.)
Momoyo: (I know that's what you want, Capt.)
Shouichi: That's what drove me to do all this, and I did it on my own.
Yamato: --I knew it. You're--!
Shouichi: Man, being a hero to everyone is sweet.
Miyako: Capt's covering for us...
Momoyo: (So that's what's going on.)
Momoyo: (That's why we made you our leader...)
Momoyo: ...I'm breaking down the door.
Shouichi: Oh, looks like I'm outta time.
Shouichi: Welp, sorry for bothering you all.
Shouichi: Come reprimand me, the sole magnificent perpetrator.
*Then the broadcast cut off.*
Yamato: Ms. Ume, it wasn't just Capt.
Umeko: I believe I understand the circumstances.
Umeko: But given the extremes he went to... He's on the brink of expulsion.
Miyako: But that's...
Umeko: Relax. I won't let him go over that edge.
Kyojin: We've been flooded with complaints about Mr. Ayanokouji.
Kyojin: He won't be able to dodge a suspension, but we should be able to keep him from being expelled.
Yamato: ...I-mgh!
Momoyo: Leave the rest to them. You've explained things, right?
Yamato: But I--
Momoyo: Then your work here is done. If you cause trouble here, you'd just be spitting on Capt's feelings.
Yamato: Capt...
Shouichi: Ouch. You don't have to cuff me. I'll go!
Shouichi: Oh, Miyako and Yamato. Man, I just sort've snapped.
Yamato: Geez, you're just so...
*I really couldn't measure up to him...*
Shouichi: Hah. There's nothing like hogging the spotli--: Wah, don't yank me!
Shouichi: Hey, Miyako.
*Miyako ran over to him.*
Shouichi: Guess I made you feel so lonely you wound up starting a fight. Sorry about that.
Miyako: None of that matters!
Shouichi: Listen, don't let yourself get down in the dumps over the past.
Shouichi: I've just shown you what I do to folks who say otherwise.
Miyako: ......
Shouichi: Why? 'Cause I'm Capt. I'm the guy who--
Shouichi: Hey, that hurt! Let me finish!
*They finally took him away.*
Miyako: (Capt...)
Miyako: (Earlier, I... tried to rely on Yamato, again.)
Miyako: (Tried to have Yamato to decide my future...)
Miyako: (I can't go on like this...)
Miyako: (I can't let myself get beat up over every little thing from the past.)
Miyako: (I know I can get even stronger...)
Miyako: ...Hey, Yamato!
Yamato: Hmm?
Miyako: You know, I'm thinking of going to Germany.
Yamato: Miyako...
Momoyo: You're going to study abroad...?
Miyako: Mm-hm. I've made up my mind.
Miyako: I want to build myself up more, and get rid of the spoiled part of me.
Momoyo: You decided on your own?
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Momoyo: Good job making up your mind. It's hard to believe...
Momoyo: ...That the little bullied kid has come so far.
Yamato: ...Studying abroad's no easy task.
Miyako: Yeah... It'll be full of hard times.
Miyako: I can't quite put it into words... But regardless, I'm going!
Momoyo: ...I'll support you too.
Yamato: Nee-san?
Momoyo: When you're trying to make your heart stronger, words mean nothing.
Momoyo: Just act, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm!
Miyako: Yamato, it'll be for a little over a year. Will you wait for me?
Yamato: Of course.
*I answered instantly.*
Miyako: Mm-hm! Then I'll go make myself stronger.
Miyako: I'll be back... I'll return an even better woman.
Yamato: I won't stop you. And I promise I'll be waiting.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm!
*She had chosen for herself the hard road.*
*That was why I didn't stop her, and instead blessed her.*
*Because our evolution was only just beginning.*
*--Seven years later.*
*Kazama Shouichi left the confines of Japan for the world at large. He remained an adventurer, and went on many epic journeys with his father.*
*Shimazu Gakuto worked as a pushy salesman. He spent his days asking his female coworkers out, who invariably shot him down.*
*Takuya used his connections from the film to gain experience as a stage actor. He currently works for the Asatani Spiders in Tokyo's Shimokitazawa.*
*Momoyo became the Kawakami Temple Grand Master and received the title of Strongest in the World, which brought in the strongest foes imaginable.*
*Kawakami Kazuko supported Momoyo at the Kawakami Temple. Lots had happened since then, but the sisters remained close.*
*Chris entered the military after returning to Germany. She exhibited leadership ability and had a promising future as an officer.*
*Yukie returned to her family home so she could live closer to her family. Her father would like her to find a husband, but there were no signs of any man.*
*Minamoto Tadakatsu found himself a bride. He still works at the Agency, and already has himself a kid.*
*Ogasawara Chika worked vigorously as an office lady. Marriage was still a distant dream.*
*Amakasu Mayo worked indefatigably to support her family. Her brothers worked too, which helped. Her family was nothing if not close.*
*Haguro Kuroko flourished in women's pro wrestling as a rising star. Her humor made her famous on many TV programs as well.*
*Fukumoto Ikurou slowly but surely began to find work as a cameraman for a softcore porn magazine. The pay was awful, but it was his dream.*
*Kumagai Mitsuru became a columnist for a gourmet magazine, and married a woman with an appetite that matched his own.*
*Oogushi Suguru became a GM for an online game, thanks to a recommendation from someone he'd met there.*
*Kuki Hideo energetically managed the Kuki Conglomerate.*
*Oshitari Azumi was always by Hideo's side.*
*Kuki Ageha was at the age to find a husband, but had no potential spouses. She spent her boisterous days with her butler, Takeda Kojuurou.*
*Fushikawa Kokoro wanted for nothing, and enjoys life as the daughter of the House of Fushikawa.*
*Aoi Touma graduated from medical school and was preparing to become the next director of the Aoimon Hospital.*
*Inoue Jun walked the same path as Touma.*
*Sakabibara Koyuki was always together with Touma.*
*Margit worked as Chris's aide.*
*Kojima Umeko struggling to find a husband. However, her looks were as good as ever, so she wasn't out of the game yet.*
*Usami Kyojin toiled away at the Agency, and still tried to win Kojima Umeko's heart. His chances were slim at best.*
*Musashi Kosugi declared herself to be a new hero. She battled the evil organization Florsheim.*
*Yaba Yumiko became a teacher at Kawakami Academy. Her students loved her.*
*Ayanokouji Maro was so embarrassed by his misconduct that he reformed himself, and was now dedicated to teaching.*
*And as for Naoe Yamato...*
Miyako: ...He moved.
Yamato: Not much longer now, my son.
Miyako: He seems just as healthy as you.
Yamato: My father-in-law seems overjoyed, too.
*Miyako's father still clung to life.*
*Most didn't, but there were exceptions for those in high spirits and with strong family.*
Miyako's Dad: Haha. It seems I can't die a dramatic death. If I'm going to survive, I have to do what I can.
*So now Miyako's father ran a Web site devoted to encouraging others with the same disease.*
*Incidentally, the Ayanokouji family hadn't taken vengeance in the seven years since what happened to Maro.*
Tesshin: You all have nothing to worry about regarding that.
Lu: You have the Kawakami Temple on your side!
*In all likelihood, these two had suppressed the Ayanokouji family.*
Tesshin: The Ayanokoujis probably couldn't act, given their pathetic circumstances.
Yamato: Thank you very much.
Tesshin: All I did was make sure Maro's actions didn't cross the line.
*The man known as The God of War smiled and laughed.*
*...But that was in the past now.*
Chris: I dropped everything to rush over, but it seems there is still time before the birth?
Yamato: Don't fly a stealth fighter here. That's dangerous.
Miyako: Heh heh. I see you so often, Chris...
Miyako: You're in Germany and we're in Japan, yet I see you more than my local friends.
Chris: That is because I am light on my feet.
Chris: You said this was your son? Then it's a boy...
Miyako: Yes. A healthy, bouncy boy.
Yamato: I can't wait. What'll I teach my son first?
Chris: How enthusiastic of you. Have you picked a name?
Yamato: We discussed that with everyone yesterday.
Yamato: Nee-san and Wanko each offered a name.
Yamato: They suggested Momo, or Kazu.
Miyako: Mm, I was glad for the offer, but we turned them down.
Chris: Heheheh. Nothing changes. Oh, what of Capt?
Yamato: We got a congratulatory postcard from NASA.
Chris: Why NASA?
Yamato: He's being sent to space as part of some experiment.
Chris: Amazing... After just returning from deep sea, now he is going to space?
Miyako: The scale is simply too big...
Miyako: He's always going above and beyond anything I can imagine.
Miyako: My heart races whenever I hear where he's going next.
Chris: Well, no matter what happens, he will come home safe.
Yamato: Even when the deep-sea exploratory vessel broke down, he still made it back in one piece.
Yamato: So anyways, we're naming him Kanetsugu.
Chris: That name will demand a well-raised son to match it.
Miyako: Mm-mm. If he knows love, his character will stand out.
Yamato: Yes. That's while we'll teach him plenty about love.
Chris: Yes. Love is a wonderful thing.
Miyako: And of course you wouldn't blush when talking about love, Chris.
Chris: Heh. I have witnessed plenty of your dialogs.
Miyako: ...Chris, thank you. Truly. Is the military okay?
Chris: Yes. I left things to my capable aide, Mar-san.
Miyako: I see. That's good.
Yamato: Oh, that's right. Come eat with us tonight, Kuri.
Yamato: We've been getting congratulatory gifts from Mayucchi every day.
Chris: Every day? That is just like her.
Yamato: We've been calling Gakuto and Moro over to help with the stuff that has to be eaten quickly.
Miyako: Come to think of it, Gakuto wanted to attend a mixer with military women.
Chris: It is almost shocking how unchanged he is...
Miyako: Mm-hm, the same as always...
Yamato: Right?
*The city of Kawakami was changing into an even better place to live.*
*Even the Shimazu Dorm had been reconstructed into something else.*
*But though the world around us changed...*
Chris: Is the agave safe?
Yamato: Yeah, of course.
Chris: I wonder if they will blossom soon. I want to take a picture together with everyone.
Miyako: Right? We can all be there together?
Chris: Yeah!
*But some things never change.*
Yamato: Let's just be friends.
Miyako: ...I've been dumped, again.
Yamato: ......
Miyako: ...
Yamato: Let's go to the festival.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
*.....................*
*--Ten years later.*
Yamato: That happened once, back when I was young.
Shimokitazawa: Yamato-chan, you so stupid! You didn't get it? Seriously?
Yamato: Get what?
Shimokitazawa: Get that you coulda drilled that bitch.
Yamato: She's a friend. I could never do that.
Shimokitazawa: Man, you're so stupid. You threw away your shot, you hopeless prick.
Shimokitazawa: You gotta live like me, and think of women as things to gobble up.
Yamato: I didn't want to half-ass things. It would've been rude to Miyako.
Shimokitazawa: I can't listen to any more of--?!
Shimokitazawa: Ugh...
*A woman had walked into the shop and suddenly stabbed Shimokitazawa-kun.*
Girlfriend: You? Happy? I won't allow it!
Shimokitazawa: ...Usa... miiiiiiiiii...!!!
Yamato: H-Hey, Shimokitazawa-kun?!
Girlfriend: Just die already!
Shimokitazawa: Gwah. R-Ridiculous. This should never have happened to me...
Special High Class Individual: Still your notions remain fixed... Did you think you could get away with your countless acts of adultery?
Kyouhei: We're Usami's brothers. We've got scores to settle, too.
Shimokitazawa: Gwoohhhhhh!!!
*They mercilessly stabbed Shimokitazawa-kun over what he had done.*
*It looks like I made the right choice...*
*Better to live a faithful, honest life--*
====================act_e_由紀江シナリオ.bin====================: We all headed to school in the warm spring heat.
Miyako: Class 1-C, Mayuzumi Yukie...
Yukie: Y-Yes?
Miyako: I've been wondering... Why are you in Class C?
Miyako: You seem smart enough to be in Class S.
Momoyo: And you're strong enough.
Yukie: They offered, but I declined. I don't mind competing, but since I'm here to make friends, well...
Gakuto: Everyone in that class just studies, studies, and studies.
Gakuto: You made the right choice, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Takuya: Speaking of, how goes your quest to make friends?
Matsukaze: *cough*! Mnn... *cough, cough*...
Takuya: Oh. That must mean you still have zero friends in your year...
Yukie: Ooh... Everyone acts like I'm scary, even when I leave the sword at home.
Yukie: I try to smile, but my face cramps up, and...
Yukie: See... This is the best I can do!
Gakuto: That's scary.
Yamato: It's scary all right.
Takuya: If you asked for my wallet, I'd hand it over without a second thought.
Yukie: Aww...
Yukie: But I'm aiming to smile...
Momoyo: Don't you think you're focusing on it too much?
Momoyo: Just try smiling naturally.
Miyako: She's right. Don't think, just smile.
Matsukaze: But yo, thinkin' about not thinkin' means ya gotta think, don't it?
Momoyo: Have you been training with that sword for nothing? Concentrate.
Yukie: I try to be as serene as I am when I draw my sword, but when I start talking to someone I just...
Momoyo: ...I see. You got it bad.
Yukie: Yes. I really would like to fix this.
Yukie: So please, if I look scary, tell me.
Yukie: Then I can fix it!
Momoyo: That's the spirit, Mayu-Mayu!
Chris: Yes. Do your best!
Yukie: Th-Thank you very much!
Momoyo: Oof... You're in for the long haul.
Miyako: Come to think of it, Wanko's been awfully quiet.
Kazuko: Zzz...
Miyako: Sleepwalking...? There she goes again.
Momoyo: She did push herself training yesterday. There, there.
*Nee-san picked Wanko up and carried her on her back.*
Yukie: (Momo-senpai's so kind...)
Chris: ...If only Mayucchi could capture her current expression.
Miyako: Mm-hm. She looks pretty just the way she is... I guess she needs more experience?
Shouichi: Zzz...
Gakuto: Hey, hey, Capt's sleepwalkin', too?
Yamato: Oh yeah, right. He stayed up all last night building a model.
Chris: He does not seem like one to leave such a task undone.
Yamato: Yeah, and he does the level of work that gets reprinted in magazines too.
Takuya: It's pretty amazing... He even got an offer to do a monthly magazine column.
Yukie: How did he respond?
Yamato: He turned them down. He said it's the kind of thing he wants to do when he feels like it, not once a month on a schedule.
Momoyo: A free man to the end... So, what'll we do with Mr. Bandana?
*I proposed we...*
Lay him on the riverbanks
Carry him
Wake him up
Yamato: There you go.
*I laid him face-up on the bank of the river.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. We're not kind to our boys here.
Chris: Hey, should we truly be doing this? What about class?
Yamato: It's just gym.
Momoyo: We couldn't wake him up if we tried anyways.
Chris: I shall see about that... Wake up! Wake, I said! WAKE!
Shouichi: Zzz... The only guy who can order me around's me... Zzz...
Chris: Are you certain he is sleeping?!
Yamato: Ah well. Let's carry him like we are Wanko.
Gakuto: Screw that. There's no way I'm carryin' that big of a guy on my back.
Takuya: But if you do, people will start to whisper about how strong you are, and then all the girls will like you.
Gakuto: Well, somebody's got to do it, so I guess it's me!
Takuya: Was that right, Yamato?
Yamato: I would've done the same thing, but I think you're better than me at handling Gakuto.
Takuya: Half of me isn't happy about that, and the other half is depressed.
Yamato: So all of you feels negatively, then.
Shouichi: Zzz... Zzz...
*Through all that, Capt stubbornly refused to wake.*
Yamato: Oh well. Guess we'll wake him... Who'll do the honors?
Miyako: Can Chris wake Capt? Or is he trapped in an eternal slumber? Find out next time on... Majikoi! Love Me Seriously!
Chris: All right. Come, Capt. It is time to awaken.
Shouichi: Zzz...
Chris: ...Hey, I have told you to wake.
Shouichi: Zzz... I'm game. Get me in the Ideon B mecha!
Takuya: He's even going on adventures in his dreams.
Gakuto: Our only choice might be to throw him in the Tama River.
Chris: That certainly seems extreme... Hey, Yamato?
Yamato: Anybody up for some high-stakes gambling?!
Shouichi: What?! I heard that! I dunno what we're betting on, but I'm in!
Yamato: Problem solved. The only downside is, it's hard to calm him down afterwards.
Momoyo: Geez, Capt's got a one-track mind.
*I intentionally dropped a coin.*
Momoyo: Where? It's mine!
Yamato: Same to you, Nee-san...
Miyako: Mayucchi, you should try to live as freely as them.
Yukie: I think that's a pretty high bar to clear.
Yukie: But... I have to, don't I?
Matsukaze: Girl, YOU wa SHOCK!
Yukie: My goal is to make 100 friends, and I'm well underway!
Matsukaze: Fight on, Mayucchi!
*She could be... weird, but she was full of energy, yes sirree.*
*--After dinner, Shimazu Dorm.*
Yukie: Everyone, the tea's ready.
Miyako: Thank you.
Yukie: It's top-grade tea, so I hope you like it.
Chris: Whoa, top-grade tea! I cannot wait.
Yamato: Aren't you supposed to let it cool, then pour it into a small teapot?
Yukie: Yes. It gets too strong otherwise, so...
Yukie: About 60 degrees celsius should be perfect.
Chris: Wow. How can you tell its temperature?
Matsukaze: Girl, don't go sweatin' the small stuff.
Matsukaze: Put your hand over the pot and start thinkin' like, 'Hm, that's a warm pot!' then you're good.
Chris: I see, so it is a matter of experience... Well done.
Miyako: There's nothing Mayucchi can't do, is there?
Yamato: She's supporting the whole dorm from behind the scenes.
*Everyone complimented her.*
Yukie: Th-Thank you so much.
Miyako & Chris: You're doing it again.
Yukie: Aauu... You both saw it too.
Matsukaze: Them's the breaks.
*This was proving to be tricky.*
*After school, everyone had come to the secret base.*
Momoyo: Mmm. Yeah, nothing beats Mack G's teriyaki burger.
Yamato: I'm surprised you could afford it.
Momoyo: Oh, one of my fans bought me one when she saw me longing for it.
Momoyo: As a wise man once said, blessed are the poor, for theirs is the kingdom of burgers.
Chris: Which burger place do you like, Yamato?
Yamato: Your 'burger' pronunciation is a little off, my fine German friend. Let's practice.
Matsukaze: B U R G E R.
Yamato: YES!
Momoyo: B U R G E R.
Yamato: YES!
*Time to teach them what a burger really was... Or at least tell them my favorite.*
Mack Gonald's
Death Burger
Lottery Burger
Kentaro's Fried Chicken
Yamato: I guess I have to go with Mack G's. You like theirs too, right, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Yeah. Just smelling Momo-senpai's is makin' me hungry.
Yamato: Death is solid, especially their newer burgers.
Shouichi: Right? Death's my favorite too.
Yamato: Lottery Burger's always making new random flavors.
Takuya: I know, right? I like them.
Yamato: Let's go get some Kentaro's Fried Chicken!
Momoyo: Yeah, now that you mention it, that sounds good.
Chris: I see everyone has their own preferences.
Momoyo: I don't feel like fries today. They're up for grabs.
Kazuko: Dibs!
Yukie: You're as popular with the ladies as ever, Momo-senpai.
Matsukaze: Damn! When a girl's hot enough to pull off adult underwear, there's no stoppin' her!
Takuya: ...I never thought I'd hear something like that from a strap.
Kazuko: Um, just to make sure, Mayucchi's the one speaking for that horse, right?
Takuya: Yeah, though she does it so naturally...
Kazuko: Too naturally. It's like he's his own person.
Takuya: Maybe we should try talking to it.
Takuya: H-Hey, Matsukaze.
Yukie: Oh, Matsukaze, someone wants to talk to you.
Matsukaze: Yo. What's up, Moro-boy?
Matsukaze: An hour with me ain't cheap. We talkin' Ginza rates here.
Kazuko: (I-I can't even imagine Mayucchi talking like that.)
Takuya: Matsukaze, umm... Do you have a favorite food?
Yamato: (Oh, Moro's trying to ask a question Matsukaze can't answer.)
Yamato: (Matsukaze seemed curious to me as well... I'll try to help.)
Matsukaze: So, you wanna know what I like to eat? That'd be puffer fish sashimi!
Takuya: Huh? You're a carnivore? And a gourmet at that?!
Yamato: Matsukaze, you know... You're fast for a horse, right? Are you strong?
Matsukaze: I'm hella strong.
Matsukaze: Like, you oughta call me the black unicorn of Hokuriku.
Yamato: You sure talk big, Matsukaze...
Matsukaze: I ain't all talk -- it's fact.
Matsukaze: You want some of this? You'll be taking a dirt nap.
Yukie: Now, now. Calm down, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: My bad, girl. Talkin' with them started bringin' back memories of the old days.
Shouichi: Whoa, you seriously know how to pull off a ventriloquist act.
Takuya: You said the v-word!
Yukie: As I've tried to explain before, Matsukaze is a tsukumogami, so...
Shouichi: To be perfectly honest, if it's more friends you want, Matsukaze here's gonna be holding you back.
Matsukaze: Huh...?
Shouichi: Like I think it's funny and all, but it's gonna give most folks the creeps.
Yamato: Whoa! It's way too late coming, but Capt actually gave good advice!
Yukie: But I can't leave Matsukaze, not now.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi...
Yukie: When things were at there worst, he stayed by my side!
Yukie: So I want you to accept him too!
Matsukaze: Thanks, girl... Mayucchi, you're a real pal.
Gakuto: That's a touchin' story.
Kazuko: Why's it bring tears to my eyes?
Yamato: (You do remember it's all an act, right...?)
Miyako: I can think of a very different reason this brings me to tears.
*They didn't seem likely to separate anytime soon.*
*I had in my hands a pair of lunchboxes.*
*Why? Well, this morning...*
Yamato: It feels nice to be up early for once... *yawn*
*As I sat in the living room, I caught the scent of something juicy wafting in from the kitchen.*
*Mayucchi was cooking... so I decided to wash up.*
Yamato: Morning, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Ah! Good morning, Yamato-san!
Yamato: You're always up this early to make lunches, aren't you?
Yukie: It is one of my hobbies, so...
Matsukaze?: Mayucchi's got an S-rank in this stuff. Ya ain't findin' a better girl.
Yamato: Um, Matsukaze isn't here right now?
Yukie: H-He can use telepathy, from my room, so... Yes.
Matsukaze: Once a tsukumogami's been 'round the block as much as me, this stuff's a cinch.
Yamato: I see... Anyways, your food smells amazing.
Yukie: Today, I'm making noodle fried rice.
Yukie: The trick is to cut the noodles as small as the rice.
Yamato: Nice. I'm almost jealous.
Yamato: Heck, I'm amazed how easily cooking comes to you.
Yukie: It's nothing special. I've just gotten a lot of experience over the years.
Yamato: How long have you been cooking?
Yukie: For as long as I can remember.
*Even as we talked, her hands never slowed for a second.*
Yukie: Cleaning and laundry were the same way. I was doing them before I realized it.
*I kept catching my eyes straying to a certain part of her.*
Yukie: Housework is a part of training, so... Yes.
Yamato: So that's why you're so hot--I mean, so homely.
Yukie: It's not hard once you've practiced. And I enjoy it.
Yamato: I see...
*Though really, what was with her butt?*
*How could a freshman have such a meaty backside?*
Matsukaze: Yo, guy, what's goin' through that head of yours?
Yamato: Ahaha. Eh, I just thought it looked tasty.
Yukie: In that case, I'd be happy to make one for you as well.
Yamato: You're sure?
Yukie: I already made too many noodles, so...
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's too reckless.
Yukie: I wouldn't want to waste food, so please.
Yamato: Wow, today's lunch is going to be a feast.
Yukie: Oh, no. I could never manage a feast.
*But even as she spoke, she was already back to working on the lunches.*
*...And I could stare at the way she did it for hours.*
*Living with a girl meant you sometimes saw sides of them you rather wouldn't, but...*
*Mayucchi always behaved beautifully.*
Yukie: I'll just add a fruit gelatin for desert, and I'm done.
Matsukaze: You are perfect.
*Perfect, yes -- if only not for that strange one-woman show.*
Yukie: Here you are, Yamato-san. I made two.
Yamato: Two lunchboxes, just for me?
Yukie: Yes. There was a bit too much food, so...
Yukie: Why don't you eat with somebody?
Yamato: Oh, then I'll invite someone to have lunch with me.
Yukie: Oh, wait. I didn't cause you trouble, did I?
Yamato: It's fine. Thanks.
Yukie: Whew... I'm glad. I crammed a lot in there.
Matsukaze: But kids shouldn't be crammin' in school all day.
Yamato: I'm not sure how I feel about today's lax education, though.
Yamato: I can't wait for lunch... (I flipped the TV on.)
*A debate was underway at the National Diet.*
Opposition Party Member: Prime Minister, this matter demands careful deliberation.
Opposition Party Member: We should take the time to clearly understand each party's position, and let that guide us to an answer.
Prime Minister: Keep dragging this whole thing out, and the people ain't gonna be happy.
Prime Minister: Our duty here's to come up with a quick and clean decision.
Yamato: Wow, sparks are flying out there. Do you follow politics?
Yukie: Not really, to be honest. I can never understand them.
Yukie: But I do like how hard our current Prime Minister works.
Yamato: He's lost some weight. I just hope he doesn't work himself to death.
*That had been my morning. Now it was lunchtime.*
*Who should I share this lunch with?*
Capt
Gakuto
Moro
Gen-san
*I decided to share the lunch with Capt.*
Shouichi: Oh, a Mayucchi lunch? Sweet, I'm in!
Yamato: Yeah, I've been looking forward to it. Let's eat.
Shouichi: Chow time! (Nom, om nom nom!)
Yamato: Hey, shouldn't you, you know, enjoy your food?
Shouichi: Man, this is so good I can't stop moving my chopsticks! *om nom nom*
Shouichi: Thanks for the grub! De-licious!
Yamato: Slow down!
*I felt bad for whoever would wind up marrying him.*
Shouichi: Man, I sure could get addicted to this stuff.
*Oh, but he was fully satisfied.*
*Needless to say, he loved the bento that Mayucchi had made.*
*I decided to share the lunch with Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Oh, so this is a lunch Mayucchi made?
Yamato: Yeah. There's a ton, so it should even be enough for you.
Gakuto: Noodle fried rice, pork, cabbage. The kind of things a boy loves. Yeah, I'm in!
Yamato: *om nom nom* Mmm, this is good. The sauce has mixed perfectly with the rice.
Gakuto: Whoa! It's the perfect harmony of ingredients!
Gakuto: Ahh... If only one of the beautiful senior girls had made this instead.
Yamato: Keep talking like that, and this is the last Mayucchi lunch you'll ever have.
Gakuto: I'm kidding! Man, this is seriously amazing.
*Needless to say, he loved the bento that Mayucchi had made.*
*I decided to share the lunch with Moro.*
Takuya: You're a lifesaver. Now I don't have to spend money on today's lunch.
Yamato: And most of all, it looks incredible.
Takuya: Yeah! Let's eat!
Takuya: *om nom nom* Wow, this is good.
Takuya: She mixed the sauce in perfectly!
Yamato: Moro, there's a grain of rice on your cheek.
Takuya: Huh? Ahaha. I guess I wolfed that down, didn't I?
Takuya: I really appreciate how she took the seeds out of the prunes.
*Needless to say, he loved the bento that Mayucchi had made.*
*I decided to share the lunch with Gen-san.*
Tadakatsu: So that freshman girl made this?
Yamato: Yeah. Let's eat it together.
Tadakatsu: Sure, if you insist. Thanks.
Yamato: Huh? I was sure you'd say no.
Tadakatsu: I also cook, so I'm interested to see how she put this bento together.
Yamato: I see. Then let's gaze into each other's eyes as we eat.
Tadakatsu: Quit bein' such a fucking smartass... Let's eat.
Tadakatsu: Mm... Damn, this is actually pretty good... She's outdone herself!
Yamato: I wasn't expecting such a serious review from you.
Tadakatsu: This ground beef-stuffed cabbage is killer, man.
Yamato: You said it... I could eat it for days.
Yamato: Oh, here. I brought some tea in a thermos.
Tadakatsu: Oh... Thanks.
*Damn, but chatting with Gen-san felt nicer than it had any right to.*
*Those tsundere types pull at your heart strings... Not that I felt anything for him, specifically.*
Tadakatsu: Shit, I need to step up my cooking to beat this...
Yamato: Wow, you're fired up!
*--That night, Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: Thanks for the lunch, Mayucchi! We loved it.
Yukie: Oh, and you even washed the boxes for me... Well, you're very welcome!
Yamato: It was so good, I'd love to have another chance to eat your food.
Yukie: Yes, by all means!
Yamato: Everything tasted great... You seem like the type to cleanly manage all of this without a single mistake.
Yukie: Ahaha. I've forgotten to season omelettes plenty of times.
Yamato: That level of a mistake seems more cute than anything else.
Matsukaze: You said it. Even monkeys can fall outta trees.
*Mayucchi was an amazing cook.*
Yamato: I wish Chris would spend less time watching period dramas and learn from your example.
Chris: Hmm? Learn what?
*Life was truly peaceful.*
*--Homeroom.*
Umeko: They say each person has their personality reflected in one of the Major Arcana.
Chris: The Major Arcana... Of the tarot, yes?
Umeko: Exactly. It can be a fun thing to put to the test.
Umeko: Shuffle the cards, and yours is the one you take at random.
Umeko: Mine is the Empress Arcana... Every time I do this, I draw the same card.
Umeko: Shimazu, you should try.
Gakuto: Sure. Random, right? Here I go! ...I got Strength!
Umeko: That one is a straightforward card. Next, Ogasawara.
Chika: Okay. I just love fortune-telling! Hah!
Chika: I got the Lovers card.
Suguru: A Blondie card, to be sure... This does seem strangely accurate.
Umeko: Kazama, you give this a shot.
Shouichi: Sure thing. Hyah!: What... Why'd I get the fool?
Gakuto: Haha! Sucks to be you, Capt!
Umeko: The Fool is a good card. It signifies the beginning of a journey, and the liberation of the soul.
Kazuko: Okay, me next! I'll do it!
Kazuko: Huh? The Sun? So that's good, right?
Umeko: Oh. I had thought you would be the Chariot for sure, but the Sun...
Umeko: The Sun represents progress, dynamism, the essence of life, joy...
Kazuko: That sounds good. Miyako, Kuri, you should draw cards too.
Chris: Oh, mine is Justice. An excellent card.
Mayo: Wow... Maybe these are accurate.
Takuya: Miyako, what did you get?
Miyako: ...Something about being hung.
Kazuko: Ooh, that doesn't sound good.
Umeko: You drew the Hanged Man Arcana?
Umeko: Its meanings are the immortal soul, moments of change, and extreme decisions.
Miyako: The immortal soul...?
Umeko: Morooka, Fukumoto, Oogushi, you should draw cards as well.
Takuya: I'm the Hierophant...? I feel like that's good.
Umeko: A merciful heart, a stern but proper warning, compassion. An excellent card.
Suguru: I have the Hermit... Hmph, acceptable.
Umeko: The Hermit signifies deep knowledge... No further explaination needed.
Ikurou: I'm... The Star. I'm the Star Arcana.
Suguru: Why would you be a star? The star carries a platinum-like meaning -- I would have killed for it.
Mayo: I'm... The High Priestess.
Chika: Ah, I can see that, kind of.
Umeko: Sagacity, sound judgment, and purity. A clean fit.
Umeko: Well Naoe, will you draw one as well?
*I...*
Draw a card
Don't draw a card
Yamato: Then let's get it over with...
*Even if I got something weird, hopefully it'd at least be funny.*
Yamato: Nah, I'm good...
Kazuko: You're no fun. Everybody else did it!
Yamato: All right, all right. Just give me some space.
*I drew a card.*
Yamato: I got...
Yamato: The World.
Suguru: Why do you get the card of infinite power?! Who do you think you are, a VN protagonist?!
Chris: I had Mar-san try. She got the Chariot.
Kazuko: Wow, you even called her on the phone to do it.
Tadakatsu: This is freaking stupid.
Kazuko: You have to draw one too, Ta-chan!
Shouichi: Draw a card, Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: Shut your pieholes... Fine!
Tadakatsu: Hmph... I got the Devil.
Gakuto: Wow. Normally I'd explode in laughter over that, but it seems kinda right for you. Now what do I do?
Haguro: I'm so not doing this! I'd probably get Death, and that so wouldn't be funny!
Takuya: Kuma-chan, you should try too!
Mitsuru: I'm so hungry... I feel like I'd eat the card.
Takuya: Th-That's way too wild...
Yamato: You sure know a lot about tarot cards.
Umeko: It's just a maiden's game.
Ikurou: Bwhah!
Suguru: ...Heh. Oh, apologies. I didn't mean to crack a smile.
*Her whip cracked, and the next thing I knew, the two looked as battered as old rags.*
Umeko: I dabbled in it in the past, and I'm getting back into it now.
*--Meanwhile, in 2-S's homeroom.*
Kyojin: Listen up, guys. Tarot are in right now, seriously!
Kokoro: Should a teacher of practical philosophy truly rely on something so baseless?
Kyojin: Don't take tarot lightly. And don't you even consider the possibility I picked this up to have something to talk about with Ms. Kojima.
Kyojin: It's time to find out your Major Arcanas.
Kyojin: Come on up and draw a card at random!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! What card would suit Us, save this.
Hideo: The radiant Emperor?!
Azumi: That's the only card for you, Hideo-sama!
Kyojin: Material wealth, leadership, strength of command... Bullseye.
Azumi: Mine is... Oh, the Magician.
Kyojin: The Magician represents schemes, business sense, and hidden truths.
Jun: Sounds right.
Touma: Precisely so.
Kyojin: By the way, I got Fortune.
Kyojin: C'mon Fushikawa, you step on up and draw one too.
Kokoro: Which shall I be... Nryah!
Kokoro: I am the Moon shining in the heavens!
Kyojin: It symbolizes deceit, instability, fallacy, cowardice, things like that.
Koyuki: Bingo.
Kokoro: It is not 'bingo'!
Kyojin: You three friends should draw too.
Koyuki: Yay! Touma, can I?
Touma: By all means. Ladies first.
Koyuki: I'm the Tower! It got hit by lightning and went kaboom!
Jun: It's my turn. I'll draw one card from my deck!
Jun: Gaahhh! Death?!
Touma: My oh my. A tragic fate, Jun, but one that surely befalls all lolicons.
Jun: Even if you're right, I won't change who I am!
Koyuki: That's super cool!
Kokoro: Heinous, more like.
Touma: As for me... Heheh, this one seems appropriate!
Touma: My goodness, I drew Death as well.
Jun: Probably because you hit on men and women alike.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. An ominous card, Touma.
Touma: Even Death is not immune to my charms... That is my sin.
Azumi: Wow, you took that well.
Hideo: No less would We expect from Our friend.
*............*
*--At the secret base.*
Miyako: That was how we killed time in homeroom.
Yukie: That sounds fun. Could I try, too?
Momoyo: Oh, then I guess I'll also join in.
*She said this while continuing to twist her legs around my neck.*
Miyako: Here you go, Momo-senpai. I wonder what you'll get...
Momoyo: Hah! Oh, it's Judgment.
Takuya: Didn't Judgment mean something about changes, the joy of life, and freedom?
Momoyo: Yamato! It turns out I'm free!
Yamato: Whoa, maybe a little too free!
*She pushed me down and pinned me to the floor.*
Momoyo: Ah, when I can't get a fight, nothing beats teasing you.
Miyako: Mngh. I want to join in the fun, but... Here, Mayucchi. Take your card.
Matsukaze: I bet my girl Mayucchi's gonna get Za Warudo.
Yukie: Seyah! Oh, it's Temperance.
Miyako: Temperance? That's quite the card to pull.
Matsukaze: I'm gettin' in on this too. Draw, Monster Card!
Miyako: Uh, seriously? You're obviously going to get the same card.
Matsukaze: Huh? Temperance again? The hell?
Miyako: ...Bless your unique, quirky heart.
Yukie: I wonder what meanings Temperance holds...
Takuya: Umm, let's see... It comes after Death, so...
Takuya: It means moderation, synthesis, growth, restraint, patience, frugality...
Matsukaze: Oh, that kinda livin' humbly within your means sounds samurai-like.
Yamato: Yeah, it really fits you.
Cookie: Umm, can I draw one too, Miyako?
Miyako: Well this will be interesting... What in the world will happen?
Cookie: I got it! It's The World!
Yamato: Huh? The same as me? That takes a lot of the fun out of it.
Cookie: Why don't you like it? You should be happy!
Yamato: All right, fine, I'm sorry. Just don't go start transforming again, ok?
Momoyo: C'mon, Yamato. I'm bored, so entertain me.
*She'd gotten down on all fours and started pressing against me.*
*I'd be lying if I said I didn't like it, so I decided to let her be.*
Yukie: Temperance... The arcana of growth, you said?
Matsukaze: Ya gotta grow fast, girl. No half-assin' it.
Yukie: Yes, I'll do my best. Which is why I'll make friends!
Gakuto: In the end, we're still circling back to that? But really, what's gettin' in the way?
Matsukaze: Mayucchi's just way ahead of her time.
Yukie: No, no. If I were just a better person, then maybe...
Yamato: There's times when you need to speak confidently, even be pushy.
Yukie: Ahaha... I-I guess you're right.
*She might've believed me more if Nee-san weren't pinching my cheeks now that she'd knocked me over.*
Momoyo: Here, here.
Miyako: Stop that. You'll mess up his face.
Momoyo: Then maybe I'll play with you instead.
Yamato: Great, but could you not do it on top of me? (Combined, they were too heavy.)
Yukie: Temperance... I need to grow up, and mature, and...
*Mayucchi kept murmuring the phrase to herself.*
*--Shimazu Dorm.*
Cat: Meow, meow.
Chris: Oh! What an adorable cat.
Yamato: Wait, that's the neighborhood stray. How'd it get in here?
Shouichi: Ah! He got into the sardine snack I left out in the living room!
Cat: *purr* (It ran away.)
Shouichi: Get back here, you emergency calcium reserve swiper!
Shouichi: Huh? Wait a minute...
Shouichi: If I go chasing after him barefoot...
Shouichi: I'd be the fun-loving guy chasing barefoot after a stray cat with a fish in its mouth!
Shouichi: Sweet, then it's no shoes for me!
Tadakatsu: Did someone screw up and give your leader caffeine?
Yamato: I hope not. From the look of it, he won't be back for a while either...
Yukie: Thanks to the cat, the floor's a bit dirty.
*She quickly started wiping it.*
Yukie: This comes right off. Thank goodness.
*Mayucchi was a good cleaner too.*
Matsukaze: If I see that kitty again, I'm sendin' him to a catgut factory.
Yukie: You mustn't be so cruel, Matsukaze.
*Yeah, that had been pretty extreme of him.*
Yamato: I wish Chris would spend less time reading manga and learn from your example.
Chris: Hmm? That is twice now. I still do not understand.
*Miss Justice looked nothing if not peaceful.*
*By the way, I was right. Capt never did come back.*
*--Another sunny day.*
Yukie: ...Dear Father, if I might write you a few words...
Yukie: With the flowers bloomed, summer feels finally at hand.
Yukie: I myself have made dear friends.
Yukie: I hope to introduce you to them in this letter.
Yamato: Morning, Yukie.
Yukie: Good morning.
Matsukaze: Mornin'. Right, break fast time. And it better not be horse on the menu.
Yukie: Naoe Yamato-san... Unlike me, he has many friends.
Yukie: Everyone likes him because of his soft-spoken manners.
Yukie: As do I, of course.
Yukie: He just now gave me a wonderfully ebullient greeting.
Yukie: He is a master socializer.
Shouichi: Yamato, let's make a bet. Gen-san's about to show up, so what do you think he'll eat first?
Yamato: Gen-san tends to start with a light miso soup.
Shouichi: Nah, he looks too hungry. I'm going with meat.
Shouichi: Sweet, then let's wager three slices of breakfast ham.
Yamato: Sounds good. I won't change my guess, because I'm not losing.
Yukie: The gambler is Kazama Shouichi-san.
Yukie: He's our leader, and everyone calls him Capt.
Yukie: He is difficult to describe. He has a mysterious charm that makes you think him capable of achieving anything.
Yukie: I wish I could share his cheer and the ease with which he draws in others.
Tadakatsu: Hey, I'm starving... Time to eat.
Shouichi: (Sweet, he's going for the meat! I win--)
Miyako: Teigh!
*Miyako flicked a pickle into Tadakatsu's mouth.*
Tadakatsu: *om nom* What the hell?!
Miyako: Doesn't it taste wonderful? I recommend it.
Tadakatsu: Just use your freaking words next time... *om nom* Though yeah, it is good.
Yamato: And so we see he ate a pickle. It's a draw.
Shouichi: I should've banned all outside interference. *om nom nom*
Yamato: Your luck's too strong to go up against without any insurance.
Miyako: I'll ensure your safety for life.
Yamato: Let's keep it to a minute.
Miyako: You meanie... Wah, wah.
Yukie: Shiina Miyako-san... An expert archer, she treasures her bonds with the rest of us more than anyone.
Yukie: She loves Yamato-san.
Miyako: Whew... I'm so hot... Uh, I mean, it's so hot.
Tadakatsu: Hey, do something about her.
Yamato: What do you want me to do?
Yukie: ...She can be a bit strange.
Yamato: Still, doesn't it seem like there's a lot of natto today?
Miyako: I want to take care of it all, but there's too much.
Yamato: All right, I'll figure something out.
Chris: Good morning, Mayucchi. What a pleasant morning it is.
Yukie: Yes, good morning to you as well!
Yukie: Chris-san... She is the person I'm currently closest to.
Yukie: She is a wonderful woman with a strong mind and a confident heart.
Yamato: Chris, can you eat this much natto?
Chris: I do not need that much.
Yamato: This is barely any, and you can't eat it? I guess you're not tenacious after all. *sneer*
Chris: Heh, do not underestimate me! (She stirred the natto.)
Chris: I shall eat it! Mmn... Mm, mm! How stringy...
Yamato: All taken care of.
Miyako: So you can eat natto, then.
Yukie: ...Though she can be so straightforward that the others tease her for it.
Gakuto: Yamato, I found a porn mag by the Tama River, but it was filled with furry stuff.
Yamato: And you're telling me this... Why?
Miyako: I'm not into furries, either.
Gakuto: Ugh, I'm fed up with this. Everythin' sucks. Even this bike here's parked illegally.
Gakuto: Well, I'm gonna fix that.
Yukie: The man lifting a medium-sized motorcycle with one arm is Shimazu Gakuto-san. He reminds me a bit of you, Father.
Yukie: He has so much strength, he could probably break any conventional device used measure it.
Yukie: I realize I keep describing him in terms of his strength, but...
Yukie: Um, err... There's much more to like about him. He even taught me what a true friend is.
Takuya: Ahaha. I think I like Ground Channel 5's new mascot.
Gakuto: Let me see... Wahaha! What even is that?!
Yukie: This is Morooka Takuya-san. He knows a lot about the Internet and magazines, and has showed me so many funny things.
Yukie: He's kind and gentle, though he can be... scary, when he's angry.
Kazuko: G'morning!
Yukie: The girl who came running in backwards is Kawakami Kazuko-san.
Miyako: Why are you even... Stop that. You need to run forwards.
Yamato: You're not one to talk.
Kazuko: I thought it'd be good training.
Yukie: I think she has a gift for hard work. I've never seen her slacking off.
Kazuko: Mayucchi, I've got you this time! *Chop!*
Yukie: Wawa! (She blocked with her hand.)
Kazuko: Nngh, I should've known. But I would've gotten Kuri with that one!
Chris: Absurd. You are welcome to try.
Yukie: She can be bellicose, and will sometimes test her strength against me. Which is entertaining.
Momoyo: Yo! I've been waiting for you all!
Yukie: The one standing on a pile of beaten-up delinquents is Kawakami Momoyo-san, whom many call the strongest.
Yamato: More challengers? They never learn.
Miyako: You'd think people on their level would've heard enough rumors by now to fear you.
Momoyo: They said something about being from the Death Egged Gang up in Hokkaido.
Miyako: ...Even hooligans are crossing the sea to fight you now?
Yukie: Momoyo-san is terribly strong -- no one else can match her.
Yukie: If the average person had a power level of 5, hers would have to be over nine nonillion. No, it might be on the scale of novemdecillions.
Yukie: What must the world look like when one is so strong?
Momoyo: Oh, Mayucchi. Your butt's looking good as ever! Find yourself something sweet and make it even better!
Yukie: Awww... She can be so forward sometimes.
Yukie: Being surrounded by all of these delightful individuals will make school life even more fulfilling.
Yukie: From here, I hope to make a friend in my year -- no, in my very class.
Yukie: I apologize as ever for my inelegant handwriting. Sincerely yours, Mayuzumi Yukie.
*--In the freshmen hallway.*
Yukie: T-Today is another chance, Matsukaze!
Matsukaze: Don't go thinkin' so hard you burn yourself out. Keep it 80% out there.
Yukie: Yes... All right, to class!
Yukie: G-Good morning!
Class C Girl 1: Oh, um... G-Good morning...
Class C Girl 2: ...Hey there... Ahaha.
*Yukie trotted over to her desk and sat down.*
Yukie: (I-I was able to say hello again, but...)
Matsukaze: They still keepin' their distance... Girl, they don't know what they missin'.
Yukie: Is there something wrong with me?
Yukie: It's the katana, isn't it?
Yukie: Or is it because my expressions are always so weird?
Yukie: Maybe talking with a strap is to blame.
Yukie: Hmmm...
Class C Girl 1: (All of them! They're all part of it!)
Class C Girl 2: (Mayuzumi-san's just scary in general...)
Yukie: I still have such a long way to go to make a hundred friends...
Matsukaze: But someday, you're gonna make it to that promised land.
*Yukie looked up at the late spring sky.*
*It was blue as blue could be.*
Yukie: ...Yes, I have to keep my spirits up.
*So began her day at school...*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*There was a girl I was interested in.*
*Mayuzumi Yukie.*
*A female swordswoman from Hokuriku and a recent addition to the Kazama Family.*
*A timid girl who never felt comfortable in a crowd.*
*But she had a kind heart.*
*She was just... clumsy. Very very clumsy.*
Yukie: My goal is to make one hundred friends!
*That journey seemed to me endlessly long...*
*But I wanted to support her, as her senior.*
*She was cute, a good cook, and had the body of a model.*
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, I think my heart's racing.
*Nee-san and Miyako were too close to me. They felt more like family than anything else.*
*My eyes saw them as the women they were, but my heart couldn't.*
*On the other hand, I couldn't get Mayucchi out of my mind.*
Yamato: A younger girl... I always thought I'd fall for someone older than me.
Yamato: But I could see me and Mayucchi together.
*Though heck, first I wanted to see her make friends in her own year.*
*But... It didn't look like there was much progress on that front.*
*For the time being, we were just friends.*
*But how might that change going forward?*
*I flipped on the TV to find a baseball game was on.*
*The Nanahama Bay Stars were losing.*
*The team was doing everything they could to avoid last place in the division, and were coming up short.*
Yamato: Go, local sports team!
*So began the summer of 2009.*
*It was a brisk morning, colder than it had been as of late.*
Yamato: I can't blame anyone for wearing winter uniforms today.
Miyako: Come to think of it, Chris, didn't Margit transfer into 2-S?
Kazuko: I couldn't believe how quickly she got here!
Chris: Yes, Father dispatched her here to watch over me.
Chris: And she is already a full member of the class, of course.
Miyako: I can definitely see her getting along with the elites in 2-S.
Kazuko: I have to challenge her to a match. I can't wait!
*A soccer ball lay on the side of the road.*
Chris: Did someone forget it?
Shouichi: Sweet, me and that soccer ball are friends now.
*Capt popped it up and started juggling it with his feet.*
Takuya: He took it for himself.
Miyako: We can't take him away from his friend.
Shouichi: How about whoever drops it buys everyone else drinks?
Takuya: I'm no good at juggling. I need a handicap.
Shouichi: Then Moro gets one bounce. Here.
Takuya: Wawa! To you, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Heh, this is easy for me.: Here you go, Wanko.
Kazuko: Wah, that's nowhere near me... Hah! Got it!
Kazuko: Hutt, hutt, hutt. Wahaha.
Chris: Dog, cease hogging it to yourself and pass it about.
Shouichi: Let's say everyone gets one touch before they have to pass.
Kazuko: Got it. Kuri, here!
*The pass was more of a kick than anything else.*
Chris: That was surely on purpose. Honestly.
*With the ball inches away from her, Chris kicked it high and slightly forward.*
Chris: Here, Yamato.
*She walked underneath the ball, then lightly passed it to me.*
Yamato: You girls are amazing... Here, Miyako.
*I wasn't allowed to one-hop it, so it took everything I had to juggle the ball.*
Miyako: I'll curve the ball to Mayucchi.
Yukie: Wawa! I got it.
Yukie: Here's the pass, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Yay! Ain't no one able to head the ball like me!
Shouichi: Handball and too many touches! Mayucchi, you're out! We're not playin' volleyball here.
Yukie: That was Matsukaze, not me. He headed the ball.
Shouichi: Then skip Matsukaze next time! Right, let's have Momo-senpai start.
Yukie: Aww. You'll have to rest for a bit, Matsukaze.
Momoyo: It's kinda hard for me not to send the ball flying...
NARRATOR
Shouichi: Let's stick with the pattern. Don't screw up now, Moro.
Takuya: We're almost at the Tama Bridge, guys, so watch out for cars.
*We approached the bridge, still passing the ball around, when...*
Shouichi: --?!
Yamato: Oi, Miyako.
Shouichi: Momo-senpai, when you pass it to me, can you kick the ball up in the air high as you can?
Yamato: Back up. Why'd you tear off your shoes?
Momoyo: If I do, it's not coming back down.
Miyako: Momo-senpai, pass.
Shouichi: C'mon, just do it.
Momoyo: Suit yourself. Yoh!
*Momo-senpai's kick sent the ball skyrocketing straight up above us.*
Gakuto: Uh, does it look too high to anyone else?
Miyako: Even my archer's eyes can't see it anymore.
*We heard the sound of someone diving into the water.*
Yukie: Huh? Capt-san dove in?!
Miyako: There's a cat drowning in the river!
Yukie: So he didn't even hesitate to dive in. Amazing.
Yamato: Wanko, be on stand by.
Kazuko: Roger!
Cat: M-Meow! Meow!
Shouichi: Sweet, you're all safe now. Cheer up, kitty.
Kazuko: I don't think he needs any support from me.
Chris: Yes, he has already returned to land.
*Capt laid the still-soaked cat on the riverbank.*
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot, I saw that! Nice goin', eh?!
Shouichi: Boss, you mind taking it to the vet? Just in case.
Bookstore Owner: Yeah, I'm on it. You get yourself dried off and get to school!
Shouichi: Haha. Nice to be back on land, don't you think?
Cat: Meow.
Shouichi: Welp, you take care of the rest! Whooaaaa!
Bookstore Owner: Sure thing. If they do a writeup of this in the paper, don't forget to namedrop my store!
Yamato: Huh, he's sprinting straight towards us, even though his clothes are still soaked.
*We stood there, dumbfounded, as he ran up to us. And then...*
Shouichi: --Made it! The ball's gonna fall down right about... Now!
Takuya: You planned this all out so you wouldn't be eliminated?!
Shouichi: Haha. Moro, you were too busy making fun of me to handle the ball, so you lose.
Takuya: Fine, whatever, I lose, just do something before you catch cold.
Shouichi: Don't you worry about that. I just washed my gym uniform today.
Miyako: Awwww, you're stripping in public?
Chris: For goodness' sake, think before you do that.
Yamato: Let's all circle around him to form a wall.
Shouichi: Guys, you'd protect me like this...?
Miyako: No, we're just protecting the innocent eyes of everyone else.
Kazuko: Yep, yep... Wait--Wawa!
Kazuko: I don't care anymore, just get dressed already!
Momoyo: The Bridge of Weirdos always lives up to its name, hahaha.
Momoyo: So Yamato, if I started staring at Capt's body, would you be jealous?
Yamato: Huh? You're interested in him?
Momoyo: I'm into guys. A well-muscled bod has its appeal.
Gakuto: Then why not stare at me, Momo-senpai?!
Momoyo: Because you're just showing off for your own selfish pleasure.
*I...*
I don't care
I might get jealous
You should look at me instead
Yamato: I don't really care what you do.
Momoyo: Oh? Then I'll stare away.
Momoyo: ...Hmm, hmm. Yeah, with those muscles, Capt does have the potential to kick like a pro.
*...I knew she'd examine him from a martial arts' perspective.*
Yamato: Maybe I'd be a bit jealous.
Momoyo: Oh, I see, I see. Then I won't.
Momoyo: Aren't I the greatest sister of all time?
Yukie: Y-Yes, I think so!
Yamato: Why look at Capt when you can look at me?
Miyako: I'll stare at you from point blank! So close I can see your pores, even your cells!
Yamato: I'm not talking to you, Miyako.
*I pushed her head down and away, and Miyako immediately went down into a squat.*
Momoyo: Hoh hoh... Then I'll stare away...
Momoyo: Not bad, but you'd be even better if you built up some more muscle.
Miyako: You pushed me down right in front of your zipper? Well, I can take a hint.
Yamato: Uh, don't you dare do a thing.
Miyako: *gulp*
Yamato: Why are you gulping?!
Shouichi: Fresh bandana: Check!
Chris: Oh, you carry spares with you?
Yukie: Thank you for rescuing the cat.
Kazuko: Nice going spotting it before the rest of us.
Shouichi: I didn't spot it, really. It was more like I felt it.
Shouichi: Man, I hope that cat belongs to somebody rich.
Shouichi: He'll make it rain yen bills as thanks, and I'll be living the good life!
Chris: That is why you did it?
Yukie: Even if that were so, it does not change the fact...
Yukie: That he did not hesitate to save it.
Chris: ...Hmph. For goodness sake, there was no need for him to even allude to such.
Chris: Then surely it would be fair to say he would decline any reward offered.
Miyako: Uh, if the guy's rich, he'll take whatever he can get.
Chris: I-I see.
Momoyo: Wow, Capt's grabbed the hearts of the new girls.
Gakuto: Mmm. I mean, that's fine, but... I still feel screwed.
*I completely understood.*
Yamato: If I'd seen it first, I would've ordered Wanko to dive into the river.
Kazuko: Yeah, and what's wrong with that? I'm the best swimmer here.
Kazuko: And if you were by yourself, you would've dove in.
Yamato: ...Well, you're not wrong.
*I always played the tactician.*
*Maybe I didn't have the chops to be the hero Capt was.*
*But I still wanted to beat him someday.*
*What sort of man would I be if I didn't?*
Touma: Oh Jun, nothing soothes the soul quite so well as a girl in her summer uniform.
Jun: Well, I don't mind seeing them dress lighter, but it's nothing to write home a--
Jun: 2-F's Class Rep! Good morning!
Mayo: Good morning to you too.
Jun: You look wonderful in your summer uniform, like a flower in a field.
Mayo: Th-Thank you very much.
Koyuki: Toh! Knee chop!
Jun: Whoa?!
Koyuki: You lolicon. I'm wearing a summer uniform too.
Touma: My, jealousy? From Yuki? Rare does not even begin to describe this.
Jun: Seriously...? Look, Yuki, I'm sorry.
Koyuki: Touma complimented me, but you don't even have a single nice word? You're not just a baldie -- you're a bad baldie!
Jun: I-I'm sorry!
Koyuki: Fooled you! Touma, did I seem normal? Did I?
Touma: You were positively adorable, Yuki. Lovely, even.
Koyuki: Ahaha. Though really, I don't care anyways.
Jun: The part of me that nurtures you wishes that weren't so.
Touma: Come, we must enjoy the summer uniforms while we can.
Jun: Well yeah. After all...
Jun: ...No one in our class even cares!
Kokoro: What? Do you have a complaint, Inoue?
Jun: Couldn't you ladies wear something a little more summery?
Margit: A soldier must always be ready for battle.
Margit: And I can fight much easier in this.
Azumi: I am a professional maid, after all
Jun: Uh, don't forget you're also a student at our school.
Hideo: Hahaha. He has quite the point, Azumi.
Azumi: Kyarun He sure told me.
Azumi: You're gonna friggin' pay for that, Baldie.
Jun: Hideo! Look! Your maid's glaring at me!
Hideo: Whatever are you saying? Well, We suppose We can pay her a look.
Azumi: Hideo-sama?
Hideo: She is as virtuous as ever. Mwahahahaha!
Azumi: You being a snitch, Baldie? Huh? You want me to dig a hole in your ass with a shovel?!
Jun: Ugh! Why is Hideo always looking away when you show your true colors?!
*Morning homeroom.*
Umeko: Though we have changed into summer uniforms, there will be cold days like yesterday and warmer ones too.
Umeko: When the weather so demands, I won't mind if you wear your winter uniforms.
Umeko: Though I believe all of you reached that conclusion on your own...
Umeko: Now then. Today is June 11th. Do you know what that means, Naoe?
Yamato: Yes. It's...
Peter Dinklage's birthday
The day the national bank was established
Noodle Day
The day I first drew a pair of great tits
Yamato: It's Peter Dinklage's birthday.
Kazuko: Oh! I like him!
*Wanko did a little happy dance.*
Chika: Hm, who's that? I know I've heard the name somewhere.
Mayo: Who could it be?
*I guess there were people who didn't know him.*
Yamato: It's the day the national bank was established.
Umeko: Heh, that is the kind of answer I expected from you, Naoe.
Chris: You certainly are very familiar with that sort of thing.
*Chris was impressed.*
Yamato: Noodle Day.
Mitsuru: Oh, that's right. The 11th of every month is Noodle Day. Oh, now I want some.
Miyako: I like to cover my noodles with chili peppers.
Chris: How easily a bowl of red comes to mind.
Umeko: Noodles...? Makes me want to head to the train station and eat at the noodle shop that's there.
Ikurou: Eating noodles at the train station? That's not the kind of thing a girl sa--
NARRATOR
Yamato: Whoa there, that's enough out of you.
*Frivolity could cost you your life.*
Yamato: It's the day I first drew a pair of great tits.
*The classroom fell silent.*
Chika: Bwah!
*Ogasawara-san found it hilarious, at least.*
Yamato: A few years ago my art teacher took our class on a field trip to the local zoo to visit the aviary.
Yamato: I drew a couple birds that caught my eye. It was a pretty good drawing actually, so I asked the zookeeper what kind birds they were.
Yamato: The zookeeper explained that they were Parus major, but were commonly known as great tits.
Yamato: On that day, I learned that new experiences can be rewarding. Don't you agree?
Umeko: Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: Yes?
Umeko: That's the dumbest story I've ever heard!!!
Yamato: Gwah!
*She'd seen right through my clever pun.*
Chris: What did Yamato do to deserve that?
Mayo: Even I don't understand.
Kazuko: Teach me, Miyako!
Miyako: Hmm. I'll tell you all about it during the Friday Meeting.
Chika: I can't believe you told a dirty joke.
Haguro: Maybe those creeps put him up to it.
Chika: Oh, yeah. That would so make sense.
Ikurou: Hey, don't try and blame this on us.
Gakuto: What happened to fairness and equality, dammit?
*--Lunchtime.*
Chris: Inari sushi is no doubt the best. I will suffer no argument to the contrary.
Yamato: Thanks for your opinion. And?
Chris: In truth, yesterday I made my first attempt at making my own.
Takuya: Wow, you made these?
Chris: Indeed. Given how much I love them...
Chris: Surely mine will taste incredible. An unimpeachable argument, to be sure.
Chris: But I would never say no to letting you have some.
*Capt, Moro, and I looked at each other.*
Shouichi: Well, I'll never look a gift horse in the mouth! Thanks!
Yamato: Dude, you have to know this can only end badly.
Chris: How rude. And when I made these too.
Yamato: I know. That's why I said it.
Shouichi: Nah, this's good.
*Something about Capt's reaction felt off.*
Takuya: Really? Then maybe I'll try one. Thanks.
*So Moro also used Capt as a poison tester.*
Eat it
Don't eat it
*It was inari. Even she couldn't screw that up.*
Yamato: ......UGH?!
Takuya: ......Ack!!!
Chris: I added various seasonings, eggplant, and mushrooms as secret ingredients.
Yamato: --Th-The pain...
*Click, went the firing hammer in my head.*
*My conscious mind shattered.*
Chris: ...So? How was it?
Yamato: Disgusting, you idiot! It tasted like goo!
Takuya: Ugh. I'm sorry, but I kinda want to spit it out.
Shouichi: Heheheh. You gotta share the pain, am I right?
Shouichi: Geh... Hah!
*Capt collapsed. Staying on his feet all this time must've taken all he had.*
Takuya: Huh? You're not having any, Yamato? *om nom nom*
Takuya: ...Ugh?!
Takuya: Waaaahhhh!
*Moro writhed in agony.*
Yamato: I knew it... You were acting, Capt.
Shouichi: Gwah! I just wanted you guys to share in the pain!
Takuya: Yamato, why didn't you say something? Am I your guinea pig?!
Chris: This is a very rude reaction, boys.
Chris: Perhaps I did let myself become too engrossed with the secret ingredients.
Yamato: Dammit... You never tried your own cooking, did you?
Chris: I could not, lest I lose control and eat them all.
Yamato: Look, let's just seal these up and bury them underground before anyone else--
Gakuto: Gwaahhhh!
Yamato: Too late...
Chris: Oh, but Gakuto finished his.
Yamato: Daredevils always die young.
Miyako: Then Yamato, would you like to try my lunch? It's not spicy.
Yamato: I'm not sure if I trust your judgment on that.
Chris: With all that spice, does your stomach not hurt?
Miyako: I'm completely fine. This is who I am.
Chris: Why do you like spicy food in the first place?
Miyako: It was not I who chose the spice. The spice chose me...
Chris: That sounds more like a curse......
*--Meanwhile, at the Kawakami Temple.*
Prime Minister: Whew, nothing like this place to calm the soul.
Prime Minister: Reminds me of when I was a young student.
Tesshin: So, what brings you here today?
Prime Minister: When Putin comes down, you up to giving him a demonstration?
Tesshin: ...Hmm, I suppose.
Tesshin: But putting that aside, you know...
Tesshin: The media haven't been pulling any punches.
Prime Minister: They should be thankful they have nothing worse to write about than a single misread word.
Tesshin: Hmph. Then what do you say to actually changing the country?
Prime Minister: Mmm, never seems to work out. Damned if you do and damned it you don't, out there.
Tesshin: Well, keep your chin up. Come hell or high water, it's your shoulders the country's riding on.
Prime Minister: Oh, I ain't giving up. Life's a constant fight.
Tesshin: Exactly. To stop fighting is to cease evolving.
Prime Minister: You don't gotta tell me. I just gotta do it.
Prime Minister: But you know... I'm still gonna gaze out at the Tama river sometimes, and come to see your old mug.
Prime Minister: That's enough to keep me going.
Tesshin: Good. You're always welcome. I can't do much, but I can listen.
Prime Minister: That's all I'm looking for. Don't go croaking anytime soon.
*It was Saturday, but we were still stuck going to school.*
*And it was getting hotter by the minute.*
*In the freshmen hallway, Mayuzumi Yukie was fired up.*
*She was peeking into her classroom.*
Yukie: The seat changes could be my big chance.
Matsukaze: Damn straight. The dice are comin' up big, Mayucchi.
*She had finally figured out who could be her first classmate friend.*
Matsukaze: Her name's Oowada Iyo.
Yukie: Hey, that's Oowada-san to you.
Matsukaze: Ehehe.
Class C Girl 1: (M-Mayuzumi-san's talking to her phone strap, again.)
Class C Girl 2: (That's creepy...)
*Yukie was blind to how her classmates moved away from her.*
Yukie: Now that we're sitting next to each other...
Matsukaze: Maybe you're gonna be friends!
Yukie: Plus, we both move from out-of-town. (She'd learned that during their first-day introductions.)
Matsukaze: And she ain't got tons of friends, so she's an easy target.
Yukie: She seems nice. I think we'd have a lot to talk about.
Matsukaze: Then go ask her to walk home with us!
Yukie: Yes! I have to muster up the same courage I had when I joined the Kazama Family.
Matsukaze: Be brisk, like a summer breeze!
Kosugi: Wow, they're right. You're actually talking to a cell phone strap.
Yukie: Hweh?
Kosugi: I'm Class 1-S's premium Musashi Kosugi!
Kosugi: And you... Aren't you the daughter of the Sword-Saint, Mayuzumi 11-dan?
Yukie: Y-Yes... That's right?
Kosugi: Hmm? Hmm, hmm, hmm... Hah-hah, I get it.
Matsukaze: Wait, don't tell me you lookin' to be friends with my girl Mayucchi?
Yukie: What?! Someone took the lead to be my friend?
Kosugi: ...You lack ambition, a premium disappointment.
Kosugi: Not that I was expecting much.
Yukie: Umm, what do you... Why are you... Umm...?!
Kosugi: Stomachache, huh? As for me, I'm taking over the entire freshmen class.
Kosugi: Once I'm the strongest freshman, I'll take on the sophomores and seniors, until I challenge Kawakami Momoyo-senpai herself!
Yukie: Would that mean you want to spar with me?
Kosugi: Kawakami Academy does have their 'duels' after all.
Kosugi: But from what I've seen, you're not that strong. So what'll it be? I would never force you to fight.
Yukie: Oh, well today's a bit, umm...
Kosugi: Eh, it's fine. Nobody likes losing, right?
Kosugi: Just don't complain later when everyone calls me the strongest
Yukie: Ahh...
Matsukaze: She's finally off. Now, girl, get in there and talk to Iyo-chan.
Yukie: Yes, let's tackle this challenge!
Matsukaze: Huh? She's gone? I'm tryin' to be positive here, but she's gone?
Yukie: Aaaaaah, she slipped out while we were talking.
Yukie: I could find her aura. Should we chase after her?
Matsukaze: Drop it, less you wanna be called a stalker. Like Sun Tzu said, you gotta know when to fold 'em.
Yukie: ...You're right. And Oowada-san rides a bike to school anyways, so...
*Her plans to make a hundred friends... was still stalled at just the Kazama Family.*
Ikurou: Today's finally the day of the Goblins' Banquet!
Gakuto: I've been scrimping and saving, pinchin' every yen I can!
Kyojin: You're still in the classroom? You guys can't be late for the Banquet.
Ikurou: Yeah! Let's move out, Moro! There's no time to waste!
Takuya: Geez, am I really getting dragged into this? ...We'll catch up with you later, Yamato.
Yamato: What, I can't join you at that Goblins' thing?
Gakuto: We can't bend the rules even for you, Yamato. The only men who can go there... Are the ones who have crawled the bare earth in their shame.
Ikurou: If that ever changes, an emissary of Hell will come for you.
Yamato: All of this feels wrong, but why...?
*But I didn't have any choice but to go home.*
*On the way home, I chatted with some guys from other classes.*
Yamato: That gives me another connection... Oh, Mayucchi.
Yukie: ...Ooh. How many times will I lose without even taking a single swing?
Yukie: ...Oh, Yamato-san.
Yamato: What's got you so down that you're just moping down here by the river?
Yukie: ...Aww.
Yamato: You have that look you get when you're worried about friends, but you don't want to talk to me about it.
Yukie: Auuu?!
Yamato: Anyone could tell that, if they looked at your face.
Yamato: But I have some time. Let me help.
Yukie: ...And then she was gone.
Yamato: You're looking to get closer to that potential friend? Okay, I get it.
*That was something I'd anticipated. Good.*
Cookie: That sounds serious. Here, have some tea.
Yukie: Thank you very much.
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi, she's always trippin' up at the finish line and lettin' her golden shot slip away.
Yamato: But now that you know exactly who you want to be friends with, helping you should be easy.
Yamato: I'll help you as much as I can with it.
Yukie: ...Yamato-san... Are you sure?
Yamato: Helping out's what a senpai's supposed to do.
Yamato: It'd be rude of you not to accept.
Yukie: I-I see... Thank you very much!
Yamato: Besides, I have to pay you back for that amazing lunch.
Yukie: Yamato-san, I-I owe you so much!
Yamato: Mayucchi, you're doing that scary look again!
Cookie: Yep. I almost transformed in fright.
Yukie: Hawa!
Yamato: That's the first thing we need to work on. We should at least be able to make it less common.
Yukie: I know that I need to, but when I get tense, I can't help myself.
Yamato: Then we'll have to train you until its muscle memory.
Yamato: You need to give yourself more opportunities to chat with everyone.
Matsukaze: Everyone bein' the folks in the Family?
Yamato: Yeah, that's right.
Yamato: You're introverted, so you usually pass up the chance to talk, right?
Yukie: Yes... I tend to be passive, given the chance.
Yamato: So bring yourself to talk to them. Get yourself over that mental block.
Cookie: Blow past that wall in your heart. You can always talk to me, too.
Cookie 2: You may speak with me as well, though you might want to get more experience first.
Yamato: There was really no need to transform...
Takuya: Whew, I'm exhausted... Sheesh, what's even with them?
Yamato: There's the perfect person to talk to right there.
Matsukaze: *sniff* I smell someone good. This gonna be a cinch!
Takuya: Huh? What's a cinch? ...Oh, okay. (He said as we explained.)
Takuya: Yeah. I can't really make eye contact when I'm talking with a girl, so I guess I need the practice as much as you do.
Yamato: Yeah, talk all you want.
Takuya: Come to think of it, I haven't really spent much time talking with you.
Yukie: No, but thank you very much for the help.
Takuya: Well, I usually talk about manga and other nerdy things.
Takuya: We have a lot of manga here... Have you read any good ones lately?
Yukie: Umm, well... Oh, I really enjoyed Whispers of the Tengu Girl.
Takuya: I know, isn't it so good?! This isn't the first shoujo manga that appeals to boys, but it really takes the cake!
Yukie: Weren't the animals so cute?!
*The two started talking.*
*Moro was an easygoing introvert, so he should be an easy conversation partner.*
Yukie: Is there any manga you would recommend?
Takuya: Let's see, out of the ones here...
Takuya: I'd recommend April Comes in Like a Lion and Girl Fights.
Matsukaze: Hmm, hmm...
Takuya: Yamato, is there anything you'd recommend?
*Hmm, well...*
Saint Aniki (Comedy)
Kingdom (Historical)
Two Outs (Sports)
Dead Frenzy (Swordplay)
Blue Spring! (Shojo)
Yamato: Lately, I've seen all sorts of people push this manga.
Takuya: Yeah. But there's a lot of female fans, so it would give you something extra to talk about.
Yamato: Plus, it's just straight-up good.
Takuya: I only read through the second volume. The new characters in the third didn't sit well with me.
Yukie: I see. Thank you very much.
Yamato: I'd choose Kingdom.
Takuya: Oh, that's an excellent choice!
Yukie: A historical drama? That does sound interesting.
Yamato: What about Two Outs? I really like the protagonist.
Takuya: You would. But if we're going to recommend Mayucchi a sports manga, that can't be right. Small Windup would be much better.
Yamato: What about the soccer manga, Giant Killing?
Yukie: Oh, I know that soccer one. It's good!
Yamato: Dead Frenzy might be good.
Takuya: That's a hardcore one. Shouldn't we be more considerate?
Yukie: But the swordplay aspect sounds interesting!
Yamato: Blue Spring's good. Mayucchi would like it.
Takuya: Oh, nice choice. It can be cliched, but it does it well.
Yukie: Wow, you both agree. Then it must be good.
*So continued our manga talk.*
*Little by little, we would get her used to conversing with others.*
*--Kawakami City, Oyafukou Street.*
History Teacher: This area is completely unsafe, yes.
Angel: So then that idiot started bawling.
Ami: That's barely anything. Torture should begin with the fingernails.
History Teacher: And the people look so uncultured, no?
History Teacher: Maro heard students from our school came here... Hmm.
History Teacher: There are none to be seen... Whew. Maro was worried for nothing, yes.
Delinquent: Hey you, you creep!
History Teacher: ...Who?
Delinquent: You, you idiot. Don't ignore me.
History Teacher: Y-You would name Maro a 'creep'?
Delinquent: Gimme your cash. Do it quickly enough, and maybe you'll even get it back someday.
History Teacher: Silence! There is no justice in that, no!
Delinquent: Shut the fuck up! Guess I'll take your HP instead of your GP!
History Teacher: Pgaahhh! Y-You hit Maro?!
Delinquent: Hey, so you do got cash. Heh heh heh.
Delinquent: I'm outta here!
History Teacher: C-Curse you... The heathen! The scoundrel! He shall pay!
History Teacher: Maro shall bring the full power of the Ayanokouji Family to bear!
*--During the usual walk to school.*
Momoyo: I'm bored... Why isn't there some beautiful girl in a bikini along the side of the road?
Takuya: Why would there be?
Momoyo: I'm not picky. If she's only wearing half of the bikini, I won't complain.
Takuya: That's even less likely! ...Senpai, this isn't like you. Are you all right?
Momoyo: Yeah... But all this lack of fighting is leaving me unfocused.
Kazuko: Ah! Onee-sama, there's a new challenger on the bridge!
Momoyo: Yes, yes, yes! I've been waiting for this!
Ismail: I am God's chosen warrior of Kyrgyzstan.
Ismail: Kawakami Momoyo! By defeating you, I shall be the strongest in Central Asia no longer, and be reborn the strongest in the world!
Momoyo: We'll fight here and now. I can fight in this.
Ismail: I have no objections... Though I do use weapons.
Momoyo: You're really here to win it... Use whatever you'd like.
Ismail: Are you unarmed? Then you are welcome to take your pick of these weapons I have available.
Momoyo: No thanks. I'm best barehanded.
Ismail: I see... Then here I come.
Momoyo: With tomahawks? Those throwing axes?
Ismail: These are called franciscas, and I use two of them.
Ismail: And throw... both at my target!
Momoyo: You weren't even trying to hide their trajectory. Hah! Got 'em!
Chris: Oh! You somehow managed to catch them both.
Ismail: ......Looks like you lose.
*At that moment the axes exploded in her hands.*
Yukie: Woah, that's a flashy move. Ah, some fragments are coming this way!
Takuya: Thanks.
Ismail: Exploding axes, designed to take advantage of one's instinctive desire to use your opponent's weapons.
Yamato: Miyako, Wanko.
Kazuko: Aye-aye! I'll make sure none of the fragments go near civilians.
Miyako: All right. But for the record, this is ridiculous.
*The two of them dealt with the axe fragments.*
Ismail: Goodness, you're all much calmer than I expected.
Ismail: Shouldn't you be more worried about Kawakami Momo...?!
Momoyo: ...So that was a neat side show. Where's the main event?
Ismail: Y-Y-Y-You're not hurt at all?!
Ismail: Kh, then I'll use my Jamadhar!
Momoyo: A katar, now?
Ismail: It is coated with venom from the Scorpion Milo.
Ismail: If this grazes you, you will go straight to God.
Momoyo: Poison now? Everyone has their own shtick. But!
Momoyo: I like my men to fight like men, not pussies!
Ismail: When did you get behind me?!
Momoyo: Haahhh! Kawakami Ultimate:: Overdrive!
Ismail: Haaaggghhh?! You penetrated my half-armor?!
Ismail: Impossible. This metal should be too hard for you to...
*Ripples spread from where her blows landed.*
*Shattering bone after bone.*
Ismail: How could there be a human with so much strength...
*He knew, by then, that his body had been brought to ruin.*
Ismail: Her very existence... *cough* ...is an abomination!
*Ismail crumpled on the spot.*
*Nee-san bowed her head to him, then took out her phone.*
Momoyo: Poison, electricity, fire... none of that stuff's gonna work on me.
Momoyo: Hi, it's me. I've got another challenger awaiting pickup out on bridge...
*The match complete, she summoned medics from the Temple, then we were on our way.*
*.........*
Kazuko: If it was you out there, Kuri, how'd you deal with those throwing axes?
Chris: I probably would have charged straight in. That would have prevented the explosion, but he may have then used some other weapon.
Miyako: I'm bad with multi-weapon users like him.
Shouichi: I wish he would've lent me one of those bad boys.
Gakuto: Totally, right? You don't get to see stuff like that every day.
*All of them were excited over the fight.*
*As for Nee-san herself.*
Momoyo: Yeah, I kinda had fun, but...
Momoyo: That wasn't nearly enough, Yamato.
Yamato: Whoa, don't cling to me.
*She squeezed up tight.*
Yamato: It's hard to walk like this.
Momoyo: C'mon, you can do it.
Momoyo: Oh, and Mayu-Mayu?
Yukie: Yes?
Momoyo: I want to fight someone powerful.
Momoyo: And I think it's about time you showed us all exactly what you can do.
Yukie: I-I couldn't. There's still so much I have to learn.
Momoyo: You always say that...
Momoyo: Yet my instincts are tellin' me you're stronger than you let on.
Momoyo: But if you're not up for a fight, there's nothing I can do about it.
Momoyo: I can't wait to see what kind of fire is burning within ya.
Momoyo: Don't you think so too, Yamato? *nibble*
Yamato: Ow... Stop play-biting my ear.
Momoyo: Heheh... *kiss*... *lick*... *lick*
*She sent her tongue all over my ear.*
Yamato: Ooh... Nee-san?
Momoyo: Hah... Yamato... That battle wasn't nearly enough to satisfy me.
Momoyo: So you and I... Are going to have So. Much. Fun.
*She strokes her fingers along my chest, and pressed her giant peaches hard against my back.*
Yukie: Wawawa... She seems so much... Worse, today.
Matsukaze: She gettin' bold... Mayucchi, you're gonna go blind if you keep starin'.
Yamato: Nee-san, Mayucchi's watching.
Momoyo: Miyako is the only one you have to worry about, and she went on ahead.
Momoyo: Besides, we're on the Bridge of Weirdos. A little weirdness is to be expected.
Yamato: No, it isn't!
*Nee-san would always mess with me when she couldn't fight, but she'd never gotten this extreme.*
*She was like a guy with blue balls, only the release she sought was in battle.*
Yamato: It'll be bad for Mayucchi's upbringing.
Momoyo: I won't be doing anything that bad.
Momoyo: And if I were to guess, I'd say Mayu-Mayu's a pervert at heart.
Yukie: A-A pervert? Me?
Yamato: Huh, you're sure? ...Actually yeah, I can see it.
Matsukaze: Hey, hey, what sorta lies are you spewin' 'bout my innocent girl Mayucchi?
Momoyo: Tell me she doesn't look like a girl who likes to give head.
Matsukaze: Hey, it'd never fit in her throat!
Momoyo: Hah! I knew it: You do know what it means!
Yukie: Matsukaze... What are you all talking about?
Matsukaze: Stuff you don't gotta worry your little heart over.
Momoyo: And now you're trying to pull the wool over our eyes!
Yamato: Nee-san, I'm surprised you know this much.
Momoyo: Everything I know, I'm pretty sure I learned from those magazines you have hidden under the tatami mats in your room.
Yamato: Oh, that? A classmate asked begged me to hide his there.
Momoyo: You're just as bad a liar as her, you pervert.
Momoyo: Well, dealing with your big sister's pent-up emotions is all part of a little bro's job.
Yamato: Nee-san, won't you hear me out?
Momoyo: Hmm?
Yamato: So... You were talking about Mayucchi's true strength, right? I don't really know about that...
Yamato: But I might know something connected to it.
Momoyo: Hoh? Tell me what you know.
*I explained what I knew, but kept it short.*
Momoyo: She's trying to get more used to talking to people? Okay, I'm on it.
Yukie: Wah?!
*Nee-san now pressed herself up against Mayucchi.*
Momoyo: Peaches are my favorite fruit...
Momoyo: And you've got plenty of them right here!
Yukie: H-Huuuhh?!
Yamato: Hey, Nee-san! I said talk, not scare!
Momoyo: Whoops, right.
Momoyo: Then let's have a nice, early-morning talk about sex.
Yukie: Why would we talk about that?!
Matsukaze: Out here? Momo-senpai, you're legit high-level.
Yamato: Mayucchi, you need to get used to talking to people.
Yamato: I'm going on ahead!
Yukie: Aww, Yamato-san?! Wait, don't go!
*I wished her good luck in my heart.*
*--Middle of Homeroom*
Yamato: (Is Capt off sleeping on the roof again?)
Gakuto: Oh yeah. Yamato, what were you and Momo-senpai talkin' about this morning?
Yamato: I can't believe you're crazy enough to whisper to me during homeroom.
*I passed Gakuto a note with the details written on it.*
Gakuto: Hmm. You're trying to get Mayucchi more experience talkin' to people? Sure, I'll help.
Yamato: (I appreciate it, but now isn't the time to talk!)
Umeko: Hey, Shimazu! Were you whispering just now?!
Gakuto: Huh? Y-You heard me?
Umeko: I have no doubt that was your best attempt at a whisper.
Yamato: (I knew it... How is he still stupid enough to whisper during Ms. Ume's homeroom?)
Umeko: Answer my question, or face the whip!
*Ms. Ume wrote some titles on the board.*
Umeko: Which one of these is a novel written by Koda Aya?
Gakuto: (How the hell would know?!)
*Gakuto glanced at me, hoping for help.*
*Koda Aya's novel was...: [ Timed Selection ]*
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
SelectMenuTimeLimit.spm
The Coastal Train
The Black Skirt
Growing Up
In the Grove
Yamato: (It has to be one of the first two. Number one, maybe?)
Gakuto: Um, is it the first one?
Umeko: Close! It's the second one!
Gakuto: Ouch!
*Ms. Ume's whip cracked against Gakuto's flesh.*
Yamato: (Oof, that has to hurt.)
Yamato: (Mmm, and I should've known that. I need to study more.)
Yamato: (It's number two, I'm sure of it. I'll signal him to say so.)
Gakuto: Heheh. It's number 2, isn't it?
Umeko: Oh! Precisely, Shimazu! I love the author's simple, compact prose, and her unwavering ethics!
Gakuto: Um, when did she live again?
Umeko: I believe Black Skirt was published in the 1950s.
Gakuto: That's a bit old--
NARRATOR
Umeko: Think before you speak!
*Geez. I did all that work to help him, but he got himself whipped anyways.*
Yamato: (3 doesn't sound right, but whatever.)
Gakuto: Hmph. It's the third one.
Umeko: Wrong! That one's by Higuchi Ichiyou!
Yamato: Yeah, I was pretty sure of that.
*The only thing the two authors had in common was their gender.*
*Ms. Ume's whip cracked against Gakuto's flesh.*
Yamato: (It's the fourth one.)
*I said as a joke, certain he would yell at me not to mess with him.*
Gakuto: Heh-hem. It's the fourth one.
Umeko: The fourth is by Akutagawa! Even if you went by process of elimination, you should have eliminated that one first!
*Ms. Ume's whip cracked against Gakuto's flesh.*
Gakuto: Ow?!
*He must not have known.*
Yamato: (Tch. If I signal him blatantly, I'll get whipped too.)
*But while I hesitated...*
Umeko: Time's up!
*Ms. Ume's whip cracked against Gakuto's flesh.*
*The crazy school day was over, though most students hadn't gone home yet.*
*A stir was running through 1-C.*
Class C Girl 1: Hey, I heard that Musashi-san broke the Koppou Club's Andy-san in a duel.
Class C Girl 2: That's so amazing. So now she has to be at the top of the freshman class, right?
Yukie: She's not even here, yet they still talk about her...
Matsukaze: Wish we were in her shoes. And that we had her cheer.
Yukie: Yes. I have to learn from her example.
Class C Girl 3: (Why does Mayuzumi have to keep whispering to herself? It gives me the creeps.)
Yukie: Then today will be the day I rush Oowada-san.
Matsukaze: Go take a quick glance at your target.
Iyo: *om nom nom*
Iyo: This daifuku is so good...
Matsukaze: She's enjoyin' that after-school snack of hers.
Yukie: I think she looks adorable.
Matsukaze: Wasn't there some show on TV where they said people let their guard down while they're eatin'?
Yukie: How impressive, Matsukaze. Then it's time to try. Matsukaze, blow the conch.
Matsukaze: Pwooohhhh, pwoh, pwoh, pwoh!
Class C Girl 1: Oh right, Oowada-san, where do you live?
Class C Girl 2: We're asking because we saw you yesterday in Nanahama.
Iyo: Oh, I just went there to shop.
Yukie: Ahhhh.
Yukie: Ah... In the end, she wound up going home with them instead.
Matsukaze: Tomorrow's another day! ...Geez, what'm I sayin'?
Yukie: Ah! Matsukaze, there's a letter in my shoe box!
Yukie: Wh-What could it be? Someone seeking friendship?!
Matsukaze: Or maybe it's some sweet love letter. Girl, open'er up.
Yukie: Yes, then open it I shall. Eiyah!
*          Cursed Chain Letter*
Yukie:  Hauuu!
Matsukaze: What do we do now? The thing says we gotta send it to five others, or we gonna get cursed!
Yukie: I could never drag anyone else into this. I'll accept the curse myself... Oooh.
Matsukaze: If I were human, there's no way I'd leave you like this.
Momoyo: Hey, Mayu-Mayu, let's go home together.
Yukie: Oh, Momo-senpai!
Matsukaze: You so cool, Senpai!
Momoyo: There's all sorts of things we can chat about.
Yukie: A-All right!
*.........*
Yukie: And that's what happened today!
Yamato: A chain letter, on top of everything else you're dealing with? That's rough.
Yamato: But it sounds like Nee-san showed up in the nick of time.
Yukie: Yes! We had a wonderful chat in the family restaurant.
Matsukaze: Dude, there ain't nothin' like free refills.
Yamato: Wait. How did you pay for this?
Yukie: Oh, Momo-senpai was out of money -- penniless, in fact -- so I paid for both of us.
Yamato: She sponged off of you? ...I can't say I'm surprised.
Yukie: It's all right. After all, she had to listen to me whine about how I can't even make a single friend in my year.
Yamato: Haha, then I guess that's fine.
*She wasn't keeping it bottled up. This was a good step forward for her.*
Yukie: ...Nevertheless, Yamato-san, you are incredible.
Yamato: How?
Yukie: I saw how your phone vibrated, even during our brief conversation.
Yamato: Yeah, my contacts text me a lot.
Yamato: Oh, this one says 'Do you want to see this show my friend's in? I'll introduce you to the cast afterwards.'
Yukie: Wow... So your friends lead you to even more friends.
Yamato: And it can be fun to learn about things you've never experienced before.
Yukie: I'll have to work hard to make a hundred friends of my own!
Yamato: Mm-hm. It might take you a while, but you can do it.
*I hoped she would gradually get more used to this.*
Delinquent: Dammit, am I really fucking broke again?
Delinquent: That creep Maro had a ton of money... Huh? A phone call?
Delinquent's Mom: Hello, Kouichi? Wh-What... What in the world did you do?!
Delinquent: Huh? The hell are you talking about, you old hag?!
Delinquent's Mom: Your father was just fired.
Delinquent's Mom: And all of our furniture's been confiscated... What's going on?
Delinquent: Huh? What?
Cop: Arimura Kouichi?
Cop: You are under arrest for attempted murder, armed robbery, and assault.
Delinquent: Huh? Wait -- I never tried to waste anyone.
Cop: These things happen when you're dumb enough to punch an Ayanokouji.
Delinquent: H-Huuuhhh?!
Cop: They're one of the three noble families around here, on par with the Fushikawas.
Cop: People like him have privileges, connections... You have no idea how big of an enemy you made.
Delinquent: Wait! I barely even did anything!
Cop: Let's say you're right. So who's going to come to your rescue?
Cop: Unless you've got someone big at your back, like the Kuki Conglomerate or the Kawakami Temple, you're through.
Delinquent: Bullshit! You're saying they get free rein?!
Cop: No, even they must maintain appearances. They can't do anything illegal.
Cop: ...But they will be merciless to anyone who defies a member of their family.
Cop: And you have only yourself to blame for the thievery that brought things to this point.
Delinquent: W-Waaaaaahhhhhh!
*In the half-waking doze of morning...*
Miyako: Mmm... *kiss*... *kiss*
*Something felt good.*
*I opened my eyes to see...*
Miyako: Mmn... Yamato.
Yamato: Whoa! Why're you on top of me?!
*My childhood friend's lips were pressed against my neck.*
Yamato: Hey!
Miyako: Oooh.
Yamato: Get off, I said.
Miyako: Ahn.
Yamato: Why'd you sneak under my covers?
Miyako: I thought maybe I'd leave a hickey on your neck.
Yamato: ...Why? (I asked, though I already knew the answer.)
Miyako: I love you.
Yamato: And I love you too, but as a friend.
Miyako: But things were going so smoothly...
*Miyako trudged her way back to her room.*
Yamato: She left before I even had a chance to respond... Whoa?!
*She'd pulled down my pants!*
Yamato: But she didn't touch my briefs... Thank goodness.
*A man should be able to wash up in the morning before having to face mortal danger.*
*And while I washed up, cleared my mind, I smelled something good coming from the kitchen.*
Yamato: I figured it was you, Mayucchi. Hey.
Yukie: Yamato-san, good morning!
Yukie: Umm, I sort of made you another lunch today?!
Yamato: Oh, that sounds great! Thanks!
Yukie: I wanted to make you it as thanks for all the help you're always giving me.
Yukie: ...Though I think I'm going to have enough leftovers to make an extra one again.
Yamato: I'm more than happy to take it.
*I wouldn't call it love, not yet, but I could feel a slight attraction from her.*
*Which Miyako must've been jealous of.*
*That kind of jealousy could be cute...*
*But I needed to set clear boundaries, for Miyako's sake as well.*
*We all headed to school together.*
Gakuto: I heard from Yamato, Mayucchi.
Gakuto: You can count on me to talk with you all day.
Yukie: Th-Thank you very much!
*Good thing I'd asked them one by one.*
*If I'd brought it up at the Friday Meeting, everyone would've come at Mayucchi at once, and then she would've blown a fuse.*
Gakuto: So, let me start by tellin' how my saga began--
Yamato: You have to let Mayucchi talk too, you know.
Gakuto: Oh, right... Whoops.
Yukie: Gakuto-san, are you always training at the gym?
Gakuto: Yeah. I've been there so long, I'm practically the king of the gym.
Matsukaze: King of a gym? Ain't that sellin' yourself short?
Gakuto: You should be the one to say those wisecracks, not Matsukaze!
Yukie: Wah?! I-I'm sorry!
Gakuto: C'mon, give me the best wisecrack you can think of. I'm tough enough to take it.
Yukie: Wh-Wh-Wh-What're you talking about?
Gakuto:  What're you talkin' about?
Gakuto: You gotta be fiercer than that.
Matsukaze: You got this, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Okay!
*You can do it, Mayucchi.*
*--2-F, break time.*
Ikurou: The Nanahama Bay Stars lost again last night.
Suguru: Yeah, they're especially bad this season. At this rate, every baseball fan is going to start following soccer instead.
Takuya: Especially when there's a hometown team, the Kawakami Frontale.
Mitsuru: Hey, hey, Naoe-kun, could I borrow some of your wisdom?
Yamato: Sure, if it'll help.
Mitsuru: So there's this restaurant that serves the most delicious food...
Mitsuru: But what suppliers they're using for ingredients is a company secret.
Yamato: Okay.
Mitsuru: Is there any way I can get them to tell me?
Yamato: The fair way to go about it would be to frequent the store and become friends with the owners.
Mitsuru: I thought you'd say that. But I don't think it'll work.
Mitsuru: I could be come their best friend and they still wouldn't tell me.
Yamato: In that case... This is a bit dirty, but you could look into where they dispose of their garbage.
Yamato: Look for the cardboard boxes, and they'll give you your leads.
Yamato: After all, they'll usually have the producers name right on them.
Mitsuru: Oh, I see. All right... I hadn't considered that. And I wouldn't be making a mess or anything like that.
Yamato: All that said, you'd still have to get lucky.
Mitsuru: Thank you. Also, I see you brought a lunch today?
Yamato: You have a keen eye. Or should I say, a keen nose?
Mitsuru: Yeah, I can tell from its scrumptious smell.
Mitsuru: Most people wouldn't be able to notice, but I can tell.
Yamato: (I can't believe the scent's good enough to get Kuma-chan's attention.)
*Okay, I knew exactly who I was going to invite to lunch today.*
Yamato: Wanko, do you want to eat with me on the roof?
Kazuko: 'Kay.
Yamato: Mayucchi made an extra lunch. Do you want it?
Kazuko: Yeap. (She didn't even hesitate.)
Yamato: But... don't you already have a lunch?
Kazuko: I'm hitting a growth spurt, so I'll have room.
Yamato: I knew you'd say that. Right, let's eat.
Kazuko: Huh? What about Miyako, and everyone else?
Yamato: Oh, I wanted to talk to you today, so it'll just be the two of us.
Kazuko: 'Kay.
*That was what I wanted to hear.*
Kazuko: Lunch, lunch
*Wanko skipped after me.*
*We found Capt sleeping softly.*
Kazuko: Do you think he's staying up all night playing? ...Yeah, he's a bad boy!
Yamato: Well, let's leave Capt be and have our food.
Kazuko: Yay, yay! Let's eat!
Kazuko: Miso marinated mackerel? Yum.
Kazuko: And this breaded chicken breast! I love it!
Yamato: Take the time to enjoy it.
Kazuko: The miso's flavor is dancing in my mouth... and it matches so well with the mackerel! Nothin' can beat miso!
Yamato: You know you don't have to be silly.
Yamato: The omelette's wonderfully sweet. I can feel my energy perking up.
Kazuko: My favorite thing about Mayucchi's lunches is how she always crams them full of vegetables!
Kazuko: The sesame broccoli really compliments the rice.
Yamato: And the carrot umami goes down really easily.
Kazuko: I'm really falling in love with this 16-grain rice.
Yamato: Anyways, I want to talk about Mayucchi.
Kazuko: Yamato, don't move.
Kazuko: Mmm... *lick*
Kazuko: Nahaha. You had a grain of rice on your cheek.
*And she'd licked it off.*
Yamato: I gotta say, I did not see that coming.
Kazuko: You did teach me to do it that way.
Yamato: Huh? When did that happen?
Kazuko: Well, long ago...
Kazuko: Oh, Yamato, there's a kernel of rice on you.
Kazuko: *lick* Hamph.
Yamato: ...You licked one right off my lips?
Kazuko: Oh, was that bad? I've never done it before.
Yamato: And you probably shouldn't again.
Kazuko: Okay. I'll either get it with my hands, or tell you with my lips.
Yamato: But you know, when it's just us you can use your lips directly.
Kazuko: Got it!
Kazuko: Don't you remember?
Yamato: Yeah, now that you mention it. (I did remember messing with her, during her training.)
*I even had to give her an anal suppository once...*
*I hated to admit it, but I had been kinda of an ass back then.*
Kazuko: So, you said you wanted to talk about Mayucchi?
Yamato: Yeah, about that...
*I explained it to her with diagrams, in a way she was sure to understand.*
Kazuko: Okay, I think I've got it.
Yamato: I gave you that thorough an explanation and you only think you've got it?
*Teaching her was always taxing.*
Kazuko: I'll keep opening up to her, but you know she can't make friends without going after her target herself.
Yamato: Yeah. She's said she's trying, but...
Kazuko: Hmm, how about we actually go down there today?
Kazuko: Then we can give her direct support!
Yamato: ...And we can thank her for the lunches while we're at it.
Kazuko: That settles it! Time for post-lunch push-ups!: One, two, three, four...
Yamato: You never sit still, do you?
*--After school, freshmen hallway.*
Yamato: So we both came here in person.
Kazuko: Here we are!
Yukie: Thank you for coming all this way.
Yukie: If you had told me beforehand, I would've--
Yamato: You would've spent all day in class panicking.
Yukie: Ohh, I certainly can't deny that.
Kazuko: So, who're you going for? Who's the girl?
Yukie: Oh, she's the one eating daifuku.
Yamato: Oh, she's a cute one... And she eats like a squirrel.
Kazuko: Oh, because she's off by herself.
Kazuko: Wait, you have a million chances to talk to her. What are you doing? Geez.
Matsukaze: I was--
Kazuko: No using Matsukaze!
Matsukaze: Oof...
Yukie: Aww... I know how shameful this is.
Matsukaze: Mind lettin' me talk about now?
Yamato: Already?
Kazuko: Anyways, your final objective for today is to talk to her and get her to walk home with you.
Yukie: Th-That's setting the bar pretty high, but I'll give it a try.
Yukie: First, how shall I start the conversation?
Yamato: Why not bring up a shared topic? You could talk about things at school.
Yamato: The sports festival is just around the corner. You could talk about that.
Yukie: I-I see... That would be natural.
Matsukaze: You ain't wrong to say school's what they got in common. Exams too, maybe?
Yamato: Only if you're sure exams aren't a touchy subject with her.
Kazuko: Just the word 'test' makes me want to hide in a corner.
Yukie: I see... Then if I talk to her while feigning an air of calm--
Kazuko: No, no, no. Don't feign anything -- be calm.
Matsukaze: You gotta give my girl Mayucchi one more boost.
Yamato: Hmm, let's see...
Yukie: For example, what if I got her attention by acting out some sort of role?
Yukie: Or would that be excessive?
*I responded by telling her to...*
Talk like a poet
Talk like a gangster
Talk naturally and just be herself
Yamato: You could try whispering her sweet nothings, like a poet.
Kazuko: Nothings? How can she talk about nothing?
Yamato: Mayucchi, let's rehearse.
Yukie: Huh? Me, a poet?
Matsukaze: You're askin' a lot here, yo. This here's why you gotta keep an eye on new folk.
Yamato: C'mon, talk to me like you would her!
Yukie: Ooh... Okay!
Yukie: I bid a hello and good morning to you, one free of the rains that fell yesterday too.
Yukie: By the way, isn't the sports festival soon? Are you looking forward to it? I certainly hope you are...
Yamato: W-Well, I suppose I'm looking forward to it.
Yukie: Oh, you enjoy sweets, right?
Yamato: Y-Yes, I am.
Yukie: Those snacks are sure to fill your spirits and I hope that you get well soon... Um, and are always healthy like you are now.
Yamato: Ugh...
Yukie: The kindness I see on your face makes me wonder... What color would your soul be?
Matsukaze: *whistle* Timeout, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Yukie: H-How were my poetic words?!
Yamato: A zero out of ten.
Yukie: Aww.
Matsukaze: You gotta admit, that was pretty good ad-libbin'.
Kazuko: I liked it. It made her seem gentle.
Kazuko: But you did get super confusing at times.
Yamato: You should keep things simple, and just be yourself!
Yukie: Y-Yes! I'll break a leg!
Yamato: Maybe it'd be funny if you acted like a gangster?
Kazuko: Huh? How's she supposed to do that?
Yamato: Mayucchi, let's rehearse.
Yukie: I-I don't know if I can do a gangster impression...
Matsukaze: Yo, when my girl wants to go dive for cover, don't go askin' a lot outta her.
Yamato: C'mon, talk to me like you would her!
Yukie: Ooh... All right! (She took deep breaths.)
Yukie: Yo.
Yamato: G-Good morning?
Yukie: Babe, what middle school'd ya go to?
Yamato: I-I went to Kawakami Middle...
Yukie: That so? I was out in San Middle. Ya know Suo? He ran the place. Damn, he's one sweet sonofabitch.
Yamato: I see...
Yukie: Yeah, he's my boy. We go way back, ya know what I mean?
Yukie: Anythin' ever happened to me and bam! I guarantee, no, 200% guarantee he comes flyin' to my aid.
Matsukaze: *whistle* Timeout, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Whew... That was exhausting.
Yukie: H-How was it? Did I make a good gangster?
Yamato: ...It was realistic. Too realistic.
Yukie: Wahh!
Matsukaze: But my girl risked her rep to do that and everything!
Kazuko: You really seemed to enjoy yourself.
Yamato: You should keep things simple, and just be yourself!
Yukie: Y-Yes! I'll break a leg!
Yamato: You should keep things simple, and just be yourself!
Yukie: Y-Yes! I'll break a leg!
Kazuko: Move in! Go, go, go!
*Mayucchi charged at the girl, at Oowada Iyo-san.*
Yukie: ...U-Um...
Iyo: ...A manager just needs to sit on the bench, but when the pitcher walks a guy you sub him? It's your fault the relief pitcher got clobbered.
Yukie: Huh?
Matsukaze: I-I sense... the dark side of the Force!
Yukie: Let's retreat! Matsukaze, please cover the rear.
Kazuko: You're back already, Miss Sheltered?! You have to go for it!
Yamato: Do you want to stay like this?
Yukie: But she seemed to be in a horribly foul mood, so...
Kazuko: Hm? She seems the same to me...
Yamato: Yeah...
Iyo: ...Oh, geez.
Yamato: No, I think Mayucchi's right!
Kazuko: Really?
Yamato: For a second there, she bit her lip. Something's on her mind, and it's making her mad.
Yamato: The more I look at her, the more I can tell she's in a bad mood.
Yamato: Waiting a day might be the right call after all.
Kazuko: But she could just charge in there. Girls gotta have guts!
Yamato: Only a daredevil attacks when there's no hope of victory.
Yamato: Better to wait to charge until the time is right.
Kazuko: Even if that means putting it off?
Yukie: I can feel my ears burning, listening to you.
Yamato: Whoa, she's picking at her eraser with her nails.
Yamato: We need to call it a day.
Kazuko: She's not always like that, right?
Yukie: Of course not.
Yukie: But now that you mention it, there have been other days when she's been in a foul mood.
Kazuko: If Yamato says we retreat, then that's what we do.
Yamato: We might have to give this a lot more thought and preparation than I anticipated.
Yamato: Okay, Oowada... Iyo, was it? Time for me to take a look into you.
*I whipped out my cell phone.*
*--Shimazu Dorm*
Tadakatsu: That's check.
Shouichi: Ngh... Not bad... Hmm.
Yukie: Tea's ready. Please, by all means.
Shouichi: Oh, thanks. That'll calm my head.
*I entered the living room to see Capt and Gen-san playing shogi.*
Tadakatsu: Give up. You're outta winnin' lines.
Shouichi: Nngh... I wish I could dive into those 81 squares.
Yamato: Move here, Capt. *tap*
Shouichi: Hey now, I'm the one playin' here!
Tadakatsu: ...He never asked for your help. And did you have to fuckin' show him that?
Shouichi: Oh! Well if you don't like it, then I'm gunning for it!
Yamato: Mayucchi, I looked into Oowada Iyo-san.
Yukie: W-Wow, that was fast.
Yamato: Her birthday is October 7th. Her blood type is AB.
Yukie: You even found out her birthday and blood type? And she has the same blood type as me.
Yamato: Her family's rich, and her parents are still alive. She bikes to school for fun.
Yukie: Yes, I had gathered that much on my own.
Yamato: Sorry, but that's all I've got.
Yukie: Oh, no, that's more than enough!
Yamato: The fact that her whole family moved here just before the school year started makes things tricky.
Matsukaze: So there's no info even out there.
Yamato: (But I was able to find out her height and measurements.)
Yamato: (158 cm tall, with BWH of 83-58-83. Not bad.)
Yamato: (Well. Not that I could tell Mayucchi that.)
Yukie: What is it?
Yamato: Thanks for the lunch, Mayucchi. It was great.
Yukie: Oh, you're very welcome!
Yamato: Really, it was delicious. I could eat that every day.
Yukie: R-Really?
Yukie: In that case, given all that you're doing for me, I would be happy to make you one every day.
Yamato: Huh? That was just a figure of speech!
Yukie: Making two isn't much harder than making one, so...
Yamato: Y-You're sure?
Yukie: Yes!
Yukie: I want to do something for you, Yamato-san!
*Mayucchi looked at me with a glint in her eyes.*
Yamato: (It's 30% affection, 20% love, and 50% obligation, I think?!)
*She had more of a thing for me than I'd realized.*
Yamato: ...T-Then if you don't mind...
Yukie: I don't!
Tadakatsu: What're you blushin' for, dumbass?
Yamato: Gen-san, jealous?
Tadakatsu: Like hell I am! What're you on?!
Yukie: Let's do our best, Matsukaze!
Matsukaze: Yeah! Let's make him so much good food, he'll get fat!
Yamato: ...Let's try not to go that far.
Shouichi: Ngh... Just you wait one second.
Tadakatsu: This is truly the end, Kazama.
Yamato: You need to move this here. *tap*
Tadakatsu: Huh... There? ...Gh!
Tadakatsu: Argh! Stop kibitzin' with him, dumbass!
Yamato: ...Younger girls can be so adorably innocent.
Yamato: I want to help Mayucchi, I really do.
*I'd grown attached to her, too.*
Yamato: 
Miyako: ...You're in a good mood.
Yamato: So could you not ruin it?
Miyako: So now you're not...?
Yamato: Nope.
Miyako: And Mayucchi's falling in love with you...
Yamato: Okay.
Miyako: Are you interested in her, too?
Yamato: Yes, I think so.
Miyako: It sounds pretty cut and dry.
Yamato: With something this important, of course.
Miyako: Am I not good enough...?
Yamato: You're a dear friend, but just a friend.
Miyako: What does she have that I... don't?
Yamato: Stop it...
Yamato: That's not something I can answer.
Miyako: Is this too heavy...?
Yamato: It's heavy.
Yamato: Maybe you should stop, you know, thinking of me in that way.
Miyako: That's my choice.
Yamato: But I don't like being questioned like this.
Miyako: ...I know.
Yamato: So, try falling in love with someone else for a change?
Miyako: ...It's not that easy.
Miyako: But... I'll think about it.
Yamato: Ah...
Miyako: (No, I could never do that!)
Miyako: (Yamato's the only man for me. I'd die before that changes.)
Miyako: (But if I'm bothering him, I have to hold back.)
Miyako: (I'll have to accept him and Mayucchi getting close.)
Miyako: (I won't get in their way, either. It would just cause him to hate me anyways, and then what's the point?)
Miyako: (Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll wait until you do.)
Miyako: (For history has taught us, this is how you win.)
*It was hot and humid during the rainy season.*
*I turned on the TV to see political parties debating the direction of government.*
*I decided to keep it on as background noise while I dealt with my inbox.*
Yamato: ...Oh, this person wants to barter some info on the final that they got from a teacher. Sure, that'll pay off nicely.
Yamato: Here's... an invitation to a mixer? I have someone I'm interested in, so I'll pass.
Yamato: But another acquaintance said he wanted to go to one. I'll suggest him in my stead.
Yamato: I've got a reply. 'That makes three. I owe you.' Yes, yes you do.
Yamato: And this one's an invitation to a new gambling place? Interesting, but...
Yamato: Better to let someone else head there first and see how they fare.
*Give and take was one of my favorite phrases.*
*As I worked, time flew by.*
Chris: Wawawa... So salt truly does melt slugs.
Shouichi: That's right. And they're not even edible, the jerks!
Chris: Do you know that because you tried? One of these?
Shouichi: Once, when I was stuck out in the woods. I was pukin' my guts out!
Shouichi: I'd heard you couldn't eat them, but I wanted to check it myself. Damn, that sure showed me to never again discount what others tell ya.
Shouichi: Same to you, little guy. We wouldn't have had to melt you if you'd just kept your mouth off of Mrs. Shimazu's plants.
Chris: ...Ugh. I feel a bit sick.
Yamato: Hey, are you all right?
Chris: Mm, it is nothing... How could I ever speak of something this shameful?
Yamato: What's with her?
Shouichi: She responds this way because you always keep messing with her.
Yamato: I do it lovingly.
Shouichi: Uh, but anyways, I like the two new winds we got. They're gonna change things up around here.
Shouichi: Things are working out good, just like my gut said they would.
Yamato: But we did get in a fight. A nasty one.
Shouichi: We've been in plenty of fights over the years our own selves.
Yamato: I mean, fair.
Shouichi: Chris's in our year, so she's fine, but I was a bit worried about Mayucchi.
Shouichi: But you're taking good care of her, of course.
Yamato: I'm only doing it because I want to.
Shouichi: ...I wanna go on another trip with everyone. It'd be a blast.
Yamato: Yeah, and this time we can go farther than Hakone.
Shouichi: Sweet! And the early bird gets the worm! I'm gonna see if Momo-senpai's got any good ideas!
Yamato: He whooshed off like the wind... That man never settles down.
*This pretty much meant the trip was happening. He was a man true to his word.*
*Mayucchi and Miyako were chatting in the living room.*
*Their conversation seemed peaceful.*
Miyako: I would be happy to help you out.
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Yamato: Looks like you two are getting along.
Yukie: Yamato-san, Miyako-san offered to assist me with my conversational training.
Miyako: You should've told me about that sooner.
Miyako: I'll give the most support a friend can give.
Yamato: ...Thanks, Miyako.
Yukie: T-To be honest, I sort of thought you'd be upset if you found out I was making Yamato-san lunch.
Yukie: But that was terribly rude of me. I'm sorry.
Miyako: You're honest to a fault... It's all right.
Miyako: But it was good of you to move forward with making Yamato lunches, without worrying too much about me.
Miyako: You're learning to express yourself without putting yourself down. (She patted her head.)
Yukie: Miyako-san... You're so kind.
Yamato: (Despite her words, she's not acting like she's given up. She's willing to simply wait. That's like you... I can read you like an open book.)
Yamato: (But here, I'm going to ignore all those nonverbal clues.)
Yamato: (It hurts, but there's no other choice.)
Yamato: (Giving her false hope would be even more cruel.)
Miyako: (I feel like Yamato's already seen through everything.)
Miyako: (Well, I'm still going to do nothing but wait... Heh heh heh.)
Yukie: At least let me express my gratitude by making dinner tonight.
Miyako: But then you'd need to spend money on food.
Yukie: I've already got it covered. I just received a package of foodstuffs from my mother in Hokuriku.
Yamato: She's always sending you all sorts of things. You're so lucky!
Yukie: Thank you! It's because she's always worrying about me!
Miyako: I can't believe I'm feeling this envious. Make sure she knows how important she is to you.
*--That evening, on the Tama River floodplain.*
Koyuki: Huh? Hey, Jun, I think I've seen that person somewhere before.
Jun: Oh, what? Who? Are they a loli?
Koyuki: He's a middle-aged man.
Jun: Then why would I care?
Koyuki: Aha. Oh, and he looks like the Prime Minister.
Jun: Wait. Let me see...
Jun: ...Haha. Yeah, he does, at least from afar.
Koyuki: I'm gonna go get his autograph!
Jun: There's no way he's the real deal, just a lookalike.
Koyuki: Aww, really? Boo.
Jun: Cheer up. I'll buy you marshmallows.
Koyuki: Yahoo!
Jun: Oh, hey there! Don't jump around in a skirt, not unless you want people to see what you're wearing underneath!
Prime Minister: Good to see young folk so full of energy.
Prime Minister: ...Knew the Tama River would calm my heart, just by looking at it.
Prime Minister: Feels like it washes away all the troubles in the world...
Prime Minister: Heh heh. Ain't like me to get sentimental.
Archery Club Captain: ...Might he perchance be the actual Prime Minister?!
Kosugi: No way. He has to be a look-alike, Captain.
Prime Minister: ...Heh... Now that I've refreshed myself...
Bodyguard: Mr. Prime Minister, it's almost time.
Prime Minister: Right. Back to work!
*--The office of the opposition party.*
Opposition Party Member: The Prime Minister's term will soon come to a close.
Opposition Party Member: And we will triumph in the election to follow.
Opposition Party Member: We will realize our greatest dream for a regime change!
*For all the allies the Prime Minister had, he had just as many enemies.*
*Soga, the secretary-general of the opposition party, sought the same goal as he -- peaceful lives for the the people.*
Opposition Party Member: All this I do for my beloved citizens of Japan!
*Yet policy differences kept them from being on the same side.*
*So their parties continued to oppose each other, and the Prime Minister's trials continued.*
*--Shimazu Dorm, living room.*
*Mayuzumi Yukie was cooking, smoke rising from the food.*
Yukie: I'll have to write Father to tell him I think things are going to work out.
Matsukaze: Yeah, it feels great knowin' people love your cookin'.
Yukie: Yes. I now feel like a cog of society.
Matsukaze: Feels like I've been talkin' way less than I used to.
Yukie: Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Girl, don't go worryin' about it. It means things are goin' good.
Matsukaze: Make sure your folks keep sendin' you regular shipments.
Yukie: You're right... I can put my skills to the test, here.
Yukie: ...What sort of food do you suppose would make Yamato-san the happiest?
Yukie: That is what I would like to make him.
Matsukaze: Ooh, feels the rain ain't the only thing wet around here.
Yukie: The rainy season has always been like a wet blanket with its gloomy weather...
Yukie: But these emotions I feel towards Yamato-san...
Matsukaze: Folks, looks like we got a storm of love brewin' in Kawakami!
Chris: Swim class will start shortly.
Chris: I cannot wait. Swimming is my specialty.
Yamato: It's a Japanese traditional for transfer students to swim in a loincloth.
Chris: A blatant lie. Do you take me for a fool?
Yamato: It's true. Here's the photo to prove it.
Chris: ...What?! Y-You were telling the truth?!
Yamato: Part of being a samurai means being able to overcome your shame.
Chris: Japan is truly incredible...
Chris: Then I must wear a loincloth as well.
Chris: Ooh... I do not know if I can withstand the embarrassment.
*I could feel my blood rushing.*
Ikurou: That chick's so gullible.
Takuya: It's like she's never seen a photoshopped picture before.
Ikurou: You actually gonna have her do it?
Suguru: Only if he seeks to name one of the most powerful armies in the world his enemy.
Ikurou: Oh, right... Her dad's terrifying... And there goes my boner.
Yamato: She's going to find out I was messing with her any minute now... I should probably start running.
Chris: Naoe Yamatoooooo!
Yamato: Damn that was fast! Run away!
Chris: I have locked onto your ki -- you cannot flee!
Yamato: Whoa! Don't mount me!
Chris: Goodness, you are quite the liar.
Yamato: I was joking.
Chris: After all the times I have expressed my hatred of those 'jokes' -- I will abide you no longer!
Yamato: What?! There's no need to go that far.
Ikurou: Hey, hey. Get a room, you two.
Chris: You started this!
Yamato: Well maybe if you weren't so gullible?!
Ikurou: No use. Yamato, I wish she were riding me right now.
Chris: Why must you be so...?!
Yamato: So what?!
Kokoro: ...My oh my.
Kokoro: Why must I be forced to lay eyes upon a pair of monkeys copulating in the hallway?
Chris: Ooh... See? We have been scolded!
*Embarrassed from riding me cowgirl style, she finally let me up.*
Chris: Ahem. I shall go cool my head.
Kokoro: Hohoho. Naoe Yamato, were you not fighting with the same girl at that dessert cafe back when she first transferred here?
Kokoro: What sort of self-styled tactician would dare let himself be caught making such a ruckus?
*She unleashed her rich-girl laugh as she walked away.*
Yamato: Ah geez... Now my clothes are dirty.
Ikurou: Hey hey, Yamato, are you really gonna leave things like this?
Yamato: What're you saying?
Ikurou: If you keep fighting like this out in the open, people are gonna stop respecting you as a tactician.
Yamato: What's the big deal? If anything, I welcome it.
Yamato: The less they respect me, the easier it'll be to pull the wool over their eyes when it counts.
Ikurou: Yeah, I guess you've got a point.
Yamato: Plus, the sports festival's coming up soon. I'll prove my worth then.
Ikurou: Planning everything out an advance takes a ton of energy. It's much better being like an animal and only having sex on your mind.
Yamato: That said, I don't like being looked down on.
Ikurou: You do seem like that kind of guy, yeah.
Yamato: Pride's a burden, sometimes.
Yamato: Conquering that might require me to age a few years first.
Ikurou: That isn't something any student should say.
Ikurou: I feel like sex with you would never end.
Yamato: The hell'd that come from?!
Yamato: ...Back on topic, I don't think I need anything extra to fool Fushikawa Kokoro.
Ikurou: You have no idea how much I'm fooling around with that bitch in my imagination. I've drowned her in a sea of lust, even.
Yamato: ...That's one hardcore imagination you've got there.
*--The freshman hallway.*
Kokoro: Goodness, how foolish the riffraff of 2-F are.
Kokoro: We will have to pummel them during the athletic festival.
Class C Girl 1: (Huh? Why's that girl wearing a kimono?)
Class C Girl 2: (She's that sophomore. You know, the Fushikawa girl?)
Class C Girl 1: (Fushikawa? You mean, the noble family? Whoa, I'd better not make eye contact.)
Kokoro: ...Hmm. I had thought to crack down on some bratty freshmen...
Kokoro: Yet they are all so terrified of me that there is nothing to be done.
Kosugi: Oh, found her! This is my premium chance! Senpai!
Kokoro: Oh?
Kosugi: I'm Musashi Kosugi of Class 1-S! It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Kokoro: I am Fushikawa Kokoro of Class 2-S, a woman of noble blood.
Kosugi: I'd heard one of the upperclassmen came to school in a kimono...
Kosugi: It's an honor to meet you in person.
Kokoro: Hmm. Live with the pride of Class S in your heart.
Kosugi: ...About that... I've actually subjugated the entirety of the freshmen class.
Kokoro: Oh? So you are the freshman who has won duel after duel.
Kosugi: I am. So I thought, maybe I'd follow things up with the sophomores.
Kokoro: Mm?
Kosugi: If I start with someone as famous as you, then everyone will have to pay attention to me.
Kokoro: ...Hohoho. It is wonderful to have such an adorable junior.
Kokoro: But you, top of your year? Then yours must be a weak crop.
Kosugi: Ooh, that's a low blow.
Kosugi: Umm, Senpai? There's a mosquito on you.
Kosugi: See?! (I'll win before you even know we're fighting!)
*Kosugi charged in, drove her fist at Kokoro.*
Kosugi: Huh?
*A heartbeat later, Kosugi's vision had turned upside-down.*
Kokoro: Challenging me in close combat is as foolish as fighting a shark in the water.
Kosugi: Whoa!
*Only when her body smashed into the ground did Kosugi realize she'd been thrown.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. The mosquito must have escaped in the chaos.
Kosugi: Kh! *cough*
Kokoro: Do not take this personally. I am simply too strong for you. But that said...
Kokoro: Gather more experience before challenging another sophomore, or you will only embarrass yourself!
Kosugi: Gh... *cough*... I can't believe how big a gap one year makes!
*The freshmen parted for her like the Red Sea.*
*While Fushikawa Kokoro might have looked delicate, she was nothing of the sort.*
Kokoro: Hohoho. The freshmen are truly a disappointing bunch... Mm?
Yukie: Today's the day I will finally talk to Oowada-san!
Matsukaze: The woodpecker strat's gonna pay dividends!
Kokoro: Hmm... That footwork marks her as no ordinary woman. As does her grace.
Kokoro: Wait there, freshman. I would speak with you.
Matsukaze: Hm, you got business with me? The name's Matsukaze! My special move's the Argentine Backbreaker!
Kokoro: What sort of creature are you...?
Kokoro: Hohoho, I see, I see. You're the daughter of the Sword-Saint, Mayuzumi 11-dan.
Kokoro: Little wonder you carry yourself so extraordinarily.
Yukie: Y-You're surely exaggerating.
Kokoro: Come now, no need for modesty. Eat.
Kokoro: That tsukimi udon is my treat.
Yukie: All right, if you insist.
Kokoro: Mmm, I do love udon. It is my favorite!
Yukie: *nibble*
Kokoro: *nibble*
Kokoro: ...You even eat with such wondrous grace.
Yukie: Huh? I'm not doing anything special.
Kokoro: If that is normal for you, then all the better.
Kokoro: Yes, I can tell you have been raised well, as befits your family.
Yukie: You eat so tidily too, Fushikawa-senpai.
Kokoro: Yes. Even when eating udon, I must do so with grace and beauty.
Yukie: It shows.
Kokoro: Heheh. It is good to see a freshman who is so honest and cute.
Kokoro: But why did you not enter Class S?
Yukie: Well... I wanted to make friends, so... (She launched into an explanation.)
Kokoro: I see. Class S would prove an obstacle to making friends.
Kokoro: Now then. Once we've finished, what would you say to a battle with me?
Yukie: Wh-Why would we fight?
Kokoro: Don't you seek to know which of us is the stronger?
Yukie: I could never fight you, not over that.
Kokoro: And here I've finally found a worthy fighter in the freshman year...
Kokoro: Alas. Mayuzumi, I see in you potential.
Yukie: Huh?
Kokoro: If it is friends you seek, I would happily spend time with you.
Yukie: ...Fushikawa-san, you would be my friend?!
Kokoro: Well yes, I suppose I would. Though the word feels odd to speak aloud.
Matsukaze: Whoa! Mayucchi, you've got a fastball comin' at ya straight over the plate!
Yukie: Yes, and I won't let it get away! I'll send this ball into the stands!
Kokoro: I-I'm sorry?
Yukie: I-I would love to be friends with you!
*She clasped the elder girl's hand.*
Kokoro: Yes, good. (I can tell from her handshake that she's strong.)
Yukie: (I did it, Matsukaze! Though I did hope to make friends with a fellow freshman...)
Matsukaze: (Good goin', girl! That's one more friend on the counter!)
Kazuko: Oh, I'm hungry. I'm so hungry.
Kazuko: Thanks for taking me to an all-you-can-eat place, Gakuto.
Gakuto: That's not where we are! My budget's 1,000 yen!
Gakuto: Tohoho... I can't believe you, of all people, outdid me on a quiz.
Kazuko: When food's on the line, my intelligence skyrockets!
Gakuto: Heh. Yeah, it skyrocketed all the way up to one point above me.
Kazuko: A loss is a loss. Hmm, what to eat...
Kokoro: ...The scum of Class F?
Kokoro: Mayuzumi, take care not to become like that ilk.
Yukie: Huh?! B-But, umm, I...
Kazuko: Oh, it's Mayucchi! Hey there!
Gakuto: Huh? Wait, isn't that Fushikawa of Class S?!
Kazuko: You're right. She might be in trouble!
Gakuto: Yeah, because Fushikawa's no good. Let's go to the rescue!
Kokoro: My, do you know them?
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Kazuko: Hey, what're you doing to our friend?
Gakuto: I don't like hittin' girls, but I'll do it if I gotta!
Kokoro: Monkeys... Already picking a fight?
Kazuko: You're the one who's always starting things!
Yukie: Pl-Please wait, Kazuko-san, Gakuto-san.
Yukie: She wasn't being mean to me or anything.
Yukie: We were just sharing a snack. It's all right.
Kazuko: Hmm? Is that true, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Yep. Keep things peaceful, eh?
Gakuto: If that's how it is, let's get going.
Kazuko: 'Kay. Sorry about that.
Gakuto: You're sure you're all right?
Kokoro: Why will you not let the matter drop?!
Gakuto: Because I trust you as far as I can throw you!
*The two of them finally left.*
Kokoro: ...Normally, I would have struck them for such insolence. The nerve of them.
Yukie: I was on pins and needles.
Kokoro: I am surprised to learn you have already made friends with them.
Kokoro: I now have a condition on being your friend.
Yukie: A-A condition?
Kokoro: Precisely. You must leave that group this instant.
Yukie: Huh?!
Kokoro: Only then will I be your friend.
Kokoro: As a fellow lover of harmony, I know I can be sure of your answer.
Yukie: My answer is that I will not leave them.
Kokoro: ...Huh?
Yukie: I cannot accept that offer, not even from you.
Kokoro: In other words, you would judge them more highly than me?!
Yukie: Th-That isn't what I said!
Kokoro: Y-You you you you you! And here I offered to become your friend, an offer I do not easily make!
Yukie: F-Fushikawa-san.
Kokoro: I don't care anymore! Waaahhh!
Yukie: ...Was she... crying?
Yukie: Did I make her cry?
Yukie: Even though she offered to become my friend?
Chika: Umm, so I saw all of that, and like, it's not your fault.
Chika: She's always running off crying from something or another.
Yukie: ...How could I have...
Chika: ...Huh? She left. She didn't look good... I hope she's all right.
Kokoro: Ooh... *sniff*... *hic*
Kokoro: I thought I had finally found someone with both the talent and the pedigree to be my friend, and yet...
Kokoro: Mayuzumi, you foolish fool who foolishly dreams of foolish dreams... *sniff, sniff*
Kyojin: ...You came right out of nowhere.
Kokoro: Nyowa! Someone's here... Wait -- Beardie?!
Kyojin: Well, everyone needs a good cry sometimes.
Kyojin: You're welcome to cry in this old man's arms, if you want?
Kokoro: ...Then I shall take you at your word. (She tottered over.)
Kokoro: ...Except I am not crying! Noble shoulder throw!
Kyojin: Gwah! What're you doing?
Kokoro: Hmph. Throwing you has cleared my mind.
Kyojin: ...Sheesh, good thing most students aren't like you.
Kokoro: (Nevertheless...)
Kokoro: (Though I did show a measure of restraint, I did not expect him to so cleanly breakfall.)
Kokoro: (It is almost as if he has some measure of experience... That is a surprise.)
*.........*
*--That evening, in the Tama River's floodplain.*
*Kanto's largest river flowed as it always did, downstream without a care in the world.*
Yukie: Ah... I feel so blue...
Matsukaze: World round here's just full of blue girls and bluegills.
Yukie: We were so close to becoming friends, but now... Ooh.
Matsukaze: Wish I was bigger. Then I could plop you on my back, and we'd go runnin' off into the wild blue yonder.
Yukie: Why must relationships be so tricky? *sniff*
Prime Minister: Wipe away those tears, little missy.
*She saw in front of her a hand holding a handkerchief.*
Yukie: Huh...? Oh.
Prime Minister: Looked like you were having one hell of a bad day, so figured I'd come talk.
Prime Minister: Oh, no need to be suspicious.
Yukie: But... Rather... Wait. A-Aren't you the Prime Minister?!
Prime Minister: Hahaha. I get that a lot.
Matsukaze: There ain't no way the real one'd be here.
Yukie: Y-Yes, I suppose not.
Prime Minister: Missy, I heard you talkin' earlier...
Prime Minister: About how relationships can be tricky. You hit the nail on the head with that one.
Prime Minister: That's what's got you worried?
Yukie: Yes...
Prime Minister: You get in a fight with your friends?
Yukie: I wouldn't exactly say that...
Prime Minister: You're welcome to talk to me about it. Who knows, might even help clear the air.
Yukie: (I-It's strange. I feel like I can't go against him.)
Prime Minister: ...Ah, so you got in a fight when you were on the verge of becoming friends.
Yukie: Having to break up with old friends to make new ones feels wrong to me.
Prime Minister: Damn straight. Missy, you made the right choice.
Yukie: But now Fushikawa-san won't...
Prime Minister: Ain't no way you can be friends with everyone in that school.
Prime Minister: Some things just weren't meant to be.
Yukie: I can't give up. I want to be friends with her.
Prime Minister: ...Then you gotta march right on up to her and tell her that.
Prime Minister: If that ain't enough, then that's on her.
Prime Minister: Ain't something you gotta worry about, Missy.
Yukie: But I still feel responsible, so...
Prime Minister: When the burden gets so heavy you start feelin' down, you gotta lighten the load.
Prime Minister: There's nothin' wrong with living life easy.
Yukie: ...Yes, but...
Prime Minister: ...Missy, can you do this?
Prime Minister: Ryaht!
*The stone he threw skipped across the water.*
Yukie: A little...
Prime Minister: Give it a shot. Mine went six. Think you can beat that?
Yukie: Seigh!
Prime Minister: Whoa, hey, ten on your first try?
Prime Minister: Looks like I've gotta strut my stuff... Hah!
Yukie: Was that fifteen?
Yukie: In that case...
Yukie: I did it, Matsukaze! I got mine to reach the far shore!
Matsukaze: Pahooo! Pahoo!
Prime Minister: Coatin' the rock in ki ain't fair play, Missy.
Yukie: Oh, did I? I didn't even realize!
Prime Minister: Well, can you do this?
Prime Minister: First step's to cut off the end of the reed. Then...
Prime Minister: Roll up the stem and blow on it, nice and hard!
Yukie: Oh, you made it whistle.
Yukie: Let me see if I can copy you... Eigh!
Yukie: H-Huh? It's not making any sound.
Prime Minister: Gotta roll it up better than that. Watch.
Yukie: I-I see! Eigh!
Yukie: Oh, I did it! I made it whistle!
Prime Minister: Nice. You're a quick study, Missy.
*.........*
Yukie: Ah, is it this late already?!
Matsukaze: Can't believe we've been playin' out here this long.
Prime Minister: Hahaha. That ought've made for a good change of pace.
Yukie: Aww.
Prime Minister: Think positive, all right? Positive.
Yukie: Th-Thank you so much.
Prime Minister: ...Right, better get going. See you around, Missy.
Yukie: Who are you...?
Prime Minister: Just an old Prime Minister passing on through. And don't you forget it.
Yukie: Huh?! So you are the Prime Minister!
Prime Minister: Hahaha. I'm joking.
Yukie: Y-You' were joking? Don't surprise me like that.
Prime Minister: Missy, never lose sight of that kindness of yours.
*And with that, he left.*
Matsukaze: But he's a strong one. He never let his guard down, even when he turned around.
Yukie: And moreover, his aura was incredible.
Matsukaze: Maybe he and the PM are related.
Yukie: I still have his handkerchief... I'll have to give it back to him someday.
*Here on the riverbanks was where people worried.*
*In fact, another man was here worrying too.*
*Staring down at the river from atop the bridge was Kazama Shouichi.*
Shouichi: Ahh...
Man: Oh, there's a nice-looking boy. Tasty, I'd say.
Man: Hey kid, what's on your mind?
Shouichi: Who're you?
Man: Oh, just somebody looking to dish out advice.
Shouichi: ...So today, this girl two years younger than me who I've talked to all of two or three times confessed to be out of the blue.
Man: Girl trouble? I know how that can be.
Shouichi: Yeah... 'Cause I mean, I can't say yes to a girl I barely even know, but then she runs off all crying, and...
Shouichi: There's no understanding girls, not one bit.
Man: You're exactly right. Have you ever been in love with a girl?
Shouichi: Not even once. I just wanna hang out.
Man: I see. Then you must be into boys.
Shouichi: What makes you figure that! You're giving me the creeps!
Man: But if you're not into girls, then you must be into boys. Isn't that how it works?
Shouichi: I'm... pretty sure it's not.
Man: On that, you're mistaken. And I would be more than welcome to teach you the error of your ways.
Man: Won't you go to the sauna with me?
Shouichi: Nah, my every instinct's telling me that going with you would be the worst mistake of my life.
Shouichi: So I'm outta here.
Man: Bend an ear to your inner voice!
Man: So close. And I was going to suck him dry, too.
*The Bridge of Weirdos lived up to its name once again.*
Kazuko: Today's the day of the super fun sports festival!
Kazuko: So why in the world...
Kazuko: IS IT RAINING?!
Yamato: They'll have to push the sports festival back now.
Takuya: The rain day's tomorrow, right?
Miyako: Wait, didn't the weather report say it'd rain tomorrow, too?
Takuya: There were rainclouds on the forecast for every day this week. Not a dry day in sight.
Chris: Capt, what do you think?
Shouichi: It's gonna rain for so long they'll up and cancel it, is the feeling I get.
Miyako: And your instincts are always right... What will come, will come.
Takuya: For now, we're looking at an 80% chance each day... That's pretty high.
Takuya: If it can't happen on the 28th, 29th, or 30th, then that's it for this year.
Kazuko: Nooo! This is my big once-in-a-year moment in the spotlight!
Chris: Why not pray for sunshine?
Suguru: ...Hmph. So these are rains blessed down in Japan?
Suguru: Fall, oh rain. fall for me, now and forever!
Suguru: Fall for we who detest the very thought of sports festivals!
Yamato: Mayucchi's probably not happy about this either.
Kazuko: Why Mayucchi?
Yamato: Because I told her the obvious. Making a strong showing could help her make friends.
Kazuko: Ohhhh.
*In the freshmen hallway.*
Class C Girl 1: Three days straight of rain is like, so ridiculous.
Class C Girl 2: Are they going to have to push it back and back?
Kosugi: And here I was about to make a big splash, too!
Tesshin: Whew, it's so hot and humid.
Kosugi: Oh, Principal! May I ask you a question?
Tesshin: Oh, Musashi Kosugi. By all means. Would you like talk about hobbies?
Kosugi: No, Principal, I'm not interested.
Tesshin: You're not...?
Kosugi: Wouldn't someone of your level be able to clear the skies of these rainclouds?
Tesshin: Yes. That would be easy.
Kosugi: You can? Then...
Tesshin: I cannot.
Tesshin: Deliberately messing with nature is something one should avoid at all cost.
Tesshin: For even the rain falling here has some meaning behind it.
Tesshin: By disrupting the natural order, we are beckoning for disaster.
Kosugi: ...I can appreciate your logic, but...
Kosugi: Everyone's been looking forward to the sports festival.
Tesshin: We all have been! I've been looking those bloomers!
Kosugi: (N-Now you're angry at me, old man?!)
Yukie: I had hoped to show everyone the best side of me, too...
Matsukaze: Girl, the heavens still ain't smilin' on ya.
Matsukaze: At times like this, maybe you oughta suggest everyone try and wish the rain away?
Yukie: That's a wonderful idea. You really are an intelligent horse.
Matsukaze: Did you know the lobster's natural enemy is the octopus? My brain's overflowin' with smarts.
Yukie: (All right. First, I need to talk to some people.)
Yukie: (I can do it. I can, I can, I can!)
Yukie: U-Um...
Class C Girl 1: Huh? Uh, yes?
Yukie: Let's go hang?
Class C Girl 2: Huh?! I-I'm sorry?!
Yukie: Oh, n-no, I know I said hang, but I didn't mean it in as some kind of threat of violence...
Yukie: U-Umm, err...
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, calm down, girl. Take some deep breaths!
Class C Girl 1: (S-She's having the horse talk again?)
Yukie: Hoo... Hah...
Yukie: Kohhhhhh...
Class C Girl 2: (Is she focusing her ki?!)
Yukie: Um...
Yukie: Oh! E-Everybody's gone?!
Matsukaze: You've gotta learn to ad-lib, ya mule!
Yukie: Does that make me lower than a horse...?
Yukie: If the sun does somehow come out tomorrow...
Yukie: I know I'll have the energy to set the crowd on fire with my taijutsu. But...
*Back in elementary school...*
*My classmates feared me, knowing I was the scion of a prestigious family and the daughter of Mayuzumi 11-dan.*
*Even worse, my every step revealed all too clearly how transcendently powerful I had become.*
*My father's blood ran in me, which only added to their terror.*
Hokurikan: That girl's special, so--
Hokurikan 2: You must not speak to her lightly.
*Even in kindergarten and elementary school, I was treated as a VIP.*
*It left me lonely, but the strict training Father put me through took my mind off of it.*
*I learned the techniques of his style, and how to became his heir.*
*Meanwhile, my mother taught etiquette.*
*Both of my parents were strict, but they could be kind, and gave me all the love I needed.*
*Before I knew it, I'd become a well-mannered honor student.*
*But when I looked around, I found myself alone.*
*One day, a woman on a training journey came to challenge our dojo.*
*She was a walking mass of ki, who carried the signs of countless other dojos as her trophies.*
*Father commanded me to fight.*
*The intense battle ended with me cutting her down.*
*Father praised me for that and named me a full master of his style.*
*Yes, I had become strong, for the small price of a friendless childhood.*
*I felt very happy, but... I felt extremely proud, but...*
*I felt like something was missing.*
*As good as it was to be strong, loneliness was always its companion.*
*So I decided to hold myself back. Not much, just a little.*
*Enough that I could make friends.*
Yukie: ...I had finally steeled myself to do it, but now...
Matsukaze: This here's a place where no one'd look down on you for goin' all-out, too.
Yukie: One cannot triumph over nature. Even Kenshin was hard-pressed by the snows in Echigo.
*--That night, Kawakami Temple.*
Kazuko: I was supposed to get to fight Class S in sports today!
*Kazuko was throwing a tantrum.*
Kazuko: Maybe I should train... There's always time for sit-ups.
Tesshin: You fool! You've been training incessantly.
Tesshin: Rest is also a part of training!
Kazuko: 'Kay... I'm so bored.
Lu: Why don't you study for finals?
Kazuko: Ugh...
Momoyo: There, there. Then play with me, Wanko.
Kazuko: Yay, Onee-sama!
Momoyo: Want to play a game?
Kazuko: Yep!
Momoyo: Right, then I'll carry you there on my back.
Kazuko: Yay!
Kazuko: Ouch?!
Momoyo: Oh, did I bump your head on the ceiling? Hang in there, Wanko!
Tesshin: ...What are those girls up to?
Lu: What they always do. Momoyo truly cares for her sister.
Lu: If only she could show that same tenderness towards others...
Tesshin: As good as it is to be strong, loneliness is always its companion.
Tesshin: When Momo was small, she would clear the stress from training by playing with her friends.
Tesshin: But she'd grown too strong to find friends within the Temple.
Lu: Most children would fear such abnormal strength.
Tesshin: That was when she met Kazuko.
Lu: It was Momoyo's idea to take her in, as I recall.
Tesshin: Indeed. She must have sought a playmate.
Tesshin: But at any rate, Kazuko grew fond of Momoyo.
Tesshin: She wanted to be just like her and spent everyday dedicated to training... I think Momoyo also started to feel less lonely.
Lu: A friend seeking to perfect her martial art. A playmate who didn't fear her.
Lu: Kazuko filled a hole in Momoyo's heart.
Tesshin: Yes... I suspect that Kazuko means more to her than either of us realize.
Lu: That is why she is so kind... that much is clear.
Lu: Your blood does not run in my veins. I began as a common stranger.
Lu: I often thought about this. About my envy for those born with strong genes, but...
Lu: Strength alone does not bring happiness.
Tesshin: There is a loneliness and suffering that one can only see from the top.
Kazuko: Hey hey, Onee-sama, if you were reborn as something, what do you want it to be?
Momoyo: Maybe an actor with a beautifully toned body to match. Between my looks and my talents, chicks would be all over me.
Kazuko: So, a person?
Momoyo: I mean, that was a joke.
Momoyo: Hmm... A kingfisher?
Kazuko: Oh, that seems graceful.
Momoyo: I'd fly freely through the skies.
Kazuko: That sounds fun.
Momoyo: Wanko, fly up there with me.
Kazuko: ...'Kay!
Momoyo: Good.
*The rainy night drew late.*
*It had rained for four straight days.*
*A fact that left Kawakami Academy in shock.*
*2-S, the elite class, was no exception.*
Azumi: They'll cancel the sports festival for sure. I can't believe it rained on every rain day too...
Hideo: Are We but powerless before Nature's wrath?
Koyuki: Awww... But I was super looking forward to it, Jun.
Jun: Yes, yes, I know. It's all right.
Jun: Can't the Kuki Conglomerate throw money at it until it gets fixed?
Hideo: Hmph. We are at present engaged in talks to conduct a massive buyout.
Azumi: Here's a hint: It involves a country of millionaires in the Middle East!
Hideo: Now is the hour of temperance... Azumi, Our lunch shall be the deluxe sushi.
Touma: My, so you have cut back from the super-deluxe sushi.
Kokoro: Perhaps I shall also have a modest lunch of domestically-raised eel with rice.
Margit: ...I am in a class of decadence... And yet.
Margit: This is a sorry day for those who sought to perform.
*One of whom was to be found in Class 1-C.*
Yukie: Ooh... I don't have any luck.
Matsukaze: I told you to try drawing a different fortune slip at the shrine!
*Mayuzumi Yukie pouted there after school.*
Yukie: The Jetavana Temple bells ring the passing of all things...
Class C Girl 2: (She's started reciting The Tale of the Heike?!)
Matsukaze: The arrogant do last long, like a dream during a cool spring night.
Yukie: What I could have done there is merely a dream, now...
Matsukaze: And now that dream's runnin' about some withered field... Though that's the wrong season.
Yukie: Auauau... Let's go home.
Class C Boy 1: Ah, geez. Why're these boxes so heavy?
Class C Boy 1: Do I really gotta take them all the way to the empty classroom?!
Yukie: (Oh, that's my classmate, Kashiwagi-san.)
Yukie: (He's in trouble... A-All right!)
Yukie: E-Excuse me!
Class C Boy 1: Wah! Oh, Mayuzumi-san. What's up?
Yukie: If you'd like, I could carry that for you.
Yukie: I can take care of this box. See? (She lifted it with one arm.)
Class C Boy 1: (But that weighed a ton... No, no, this isn't happening!)
Yukie: Where do we need to take these?
Class C Boy 1: Umm, the empty classroom next to the AV room.
Yukie: All right. Please leave this to me.
Class C Boy 1: Seriously? Thanks. I'll pay you back soon!
Yukie: I did it! I helped someone!
Matsukaze: Thatta girl!
Class C Boy 1: (Why's the strap... Whatever. I'm outta here. There's an arcade cabinet with my name on it.)
Yukie: Huff, huff.
Matsukaze: Almost there. Almost there... Alright, stop.
Yukie: Hm, do you hear that? I thought he said the classroom was empty?
Matsukaze: Time to break out my horse ears. They're almost as good as elephant ears!
Yukie: Do you suppose someone's inside?
Yukie: Wait, isn't that Oowada-san?!
Iyo: Arrrgh! It's the eighth inning, and Klynn's pitching for all he's got, so why won't you give him any support? We have to score!
Iyo: Go, Minamikawa! Get a hit, and then it'll be the WBC Warrior Sotokawa at the plate!
Yukie: (Huh? She is by herself, isn't she?)
Matsukaze: (Look. She's got a radio.)
Yukie: (You're right. Nevertheless...)
Iyo: Wait! A pinch-hitter now?! Sit down and let the players play, manager!
Yukie: (I've never seen her like this in class.)
Iyo: We're up against Nakuruto. If we don't win now, when will we?!
Iyo: Kinjou's pinch hitting? ...Maybe this won't be a disaster.
Iyo: Hit it out of the park, Kinjou!
Iyo: Yes! He did it!
Yukie: What a surprise!
Iyo: Huh? M-Mayuzumi-san?!
Matsukaze: Looks like we got ourselves a master gettin' caught by an amateur.
Yukie: Auau... I couldn't help but be surprised.
Iyo: Ahem. Mayuzumi-san, what brings you here?
Yukie: Oh, nothing, I just, uh, brought this box here.
Iyo: I-I see.
Yukie: Umm, what about you, Oowada-san?
Iyo: Ahaha... I was a bit tired, so I wanted to get some rest away from anyone--
Iyo: Yes! Muratani hit a homerun! He's not the Japanese Cannon for nothing! He might hit 40 this season!
Yukie: Huh?
Iyo: ...Oh.
*.........*
Yukie: So you were listening to the baseball game.
Iyo: Y-Yeah...
Iyo: I'm sort of a huge fan of the Nanahama Bay Stars.
Iyo: My whole family likes them, so I wasn't given much of a choice.
Iyo: So when there's a day game, I try to sneak off somewhere and listen to it on the radio.
Iyo: But when the game's tight, it's hard for me to stay quiet.
Yukie: So that's what was going on.
Iyo: Yes, that's what brought me here to the empty classroom.
Yukie: Couldn't you listen to it at home?
Iyo: I checked the game on my phone and saw that we had a good chance, so...
Yukie: I-I see. I didn't know a phone could do that.
Iyo: It's nothing special. I just checked a Web site.
Iyo: ...Well, at any rate...
Iyo: ...I'm kind of ashamed of this.
Yukie: O-Oowada-san, um...
Iyo: I-I know I must be weird. I mean, what sort of girl likes pro baseball, and is a Bay fan, and even has Misaki Bancho-san as her favorite pitcher?
Yukie: I-I don't really know about baseball, but...
Yukie: I'm a girl too, and I'm a swordswoman.
Yukie: So, um... I don't there's anything strange about a girl loving baseball!
Iyo: Mayuzumi-san...
Iyo: You just made my day. Thank you.
Yukie: Oh, no, that was nothing.
Iyo: To be honest, I've wanted to talk to you.
Yukie: Huh?
Iyo: But I could never find the right moment...
Iyo: So I'm glad we're having this moment.
Yukie: ...Hawa, awa, awawawa.
Iyo: Though the cause is a bit bittersweet.
Yukie: I've never felt so much delight!
Iyo: Mayuzumi-san?!
Yukie: Matsukaze! How do I do it? How do I express how much joy I'm feeling?!
Matsukaze: You've got paper and brushes right on that there shelf!
Yukie: All right! A brief word! A report!
Iyo: ...Ummm?
Yukie: Seyah!
*The brush swooshed across the paper.*
Matsukaze: Damn, girl! You're gonna make the goddess Gaia herself jump in surprise, you're goin' so hard!
Iyo: H-Hello?
Yukie: Finished! This perfectly expressed my feelings!
Yukie: Spring has come to my world!
Matsukaze: Quick, Jayce! Jayce the intern, get out here and hang this up!
Iyo: Mayuzumi... san?
Yukie: Ah!
Yukie: Uh... Umm... E-Err... I...
Yukie: W-Waaaahhh!
Iyo: Ah, Mayuzumi-san? Mayuzumi-san!
*The weather had drastically improved.*
*The smell of past rain filled the city.*
Yukie: *sob* *sniff*
*Yet the rains still fell in one girl's heart.*
Yukie: Why did I have to pick up that stupid brush?
Matsukaze: That's my line. Girl, were you on spacin' or something?
Yukie: Thinking that I'd made a friend made me so happy that I just...
Yukie: Why did I have to ruin everything?!
Iyo: Mayuzumi-san!
Yukie: Hwah... And now I'm seeing illusions.
Matsukaze: Nah, ain't she real?
Yukie: Huh? A-Are you sure?!
Iyo: M-Mayuzumi-san, you run too fast for me.
Yukie: O-Oowada-san?
Iyo: Huff, huff, huff.
Iyo: I finally caught up to you on my bike!
Yukie: You chased after me?
Iyo: Yeah. There was still so much left to say.
Matsukaze: You're a fine gal. Real fine.
*.........*
*The two looked down at the unchanging currents of the Tama River.*
Iyo: I've noticed that, uh, you talk to your phone strap sometimes.
Yukie: Oh, yes! That's right! You haven't met!
Matsukaze: Yo, Matsukaze here. I ain't nothin' to be afraid of.
Matsukaze: Red Hare's my rival. He might dye himself the color of speed, but I'd still win if I put my mind to it. You can take that to the bank.
Iyo: H-He has quite the personality.
Matsukaze: Even if a makura-gaeshi shows up to gaeshi your makura, I'll put a stop to it.
Iyo: Mayuzumi-san, did you come up with his character on your own?
Yukie: Y-Yes, that's right.
Yukie: But Matsukaze isn't a fictional character. He's the tsukumogami that dwells in my cell phone strap, and he's kind enough to speak with me, so...
Iyo: Hmm, I get it.
Iyo: I was wondering why you were always talking with it.
Yukie: ...Ahaha.
Iyo: But when you think about it, it's normal for girls to talk to stuffed animals.
Yukie: Oowada-san...
Iyo: I mean, when you said that my love of baseball didn't affect how you viewed me, it really made my day.
Iyo: So I won't let any of that earlier stuff affect my view of you either.
Yukie: Thank you so much! (She grabbed her hand.)
Iyo: N-No problem...
Yukie: ......
Iyo: ......
Yukie: Umm.
Iyo: Umm.
Yukie: Oh, go ahead!
Iyo: N-No, you go ahead.
Matsukaze: I comes before Y, so Iyo's leadin' the Suicide Squad! GO!
Iyo: All right, I'll go first.
Iyo: Um, if you don't mind, I'd like to be your friend.
Yukie: Aww... Are you sure you want to be my friend?!
Iyo: I'm asking you. Well?
Yukie: I was about to ask you the same question, actually.
Iyo: Wow, I'm so happy. I didn't live in Kawakami before the school year started, so I barely know anyone.
Yukie: I'm happy too!
Yukie: I've wanted to be your friend for so long!
Yukie: In fact, I've aimed for you ever since you said you recently moved here during your introduction.
Iyo: Huh?
Yukie: I've been watching you ever since, waiting for my chance.
Iyo: O... Oh.
Yukie: But I just couldn't do it... Now that I think about it, the times you were in a bad mood must have been days when the Bay Stars lost?
Iyo: Yeah, something like that. A-Ahaha...
Yukie: ...Oh!
Yukie: I-I did it again. I ran my stupid mouth!
Yukie: Please, put this on my tombstone: 'Forever mourned by her many friends, all of them imaginary.'
Matsukaze: Mayucchi... You're tryin' to apologize by givin' up your life?!
Yukie: Yes!
Yukie: *glance*
Iyo: Huh? Wait, Mayuzumi-san! You can't!
Yukie: But I can't live with what I've done!
Iyo: Listen to me, Mayuzumi-san. I've spent a lot of time watching you, wanting to speak to you!
Yukie: Huh?
Iyo: You actively seek the classroom tasks nobody wants to do, like watering the flowers or carrying worksheets.
Iyo: It really impressed me.
Yukie: Oowada-san... you noticed me doing that?
Iyo: Ahaha, so we're even now. We've both watched each other.
Iyo: One of us really should've spoken up sooner.
Yukie: Y-You're really right.
Iyo: But now we're friends, Mayuzumi-san.
Yukie: Th-Thank you so very much.
Iyo: Oh, maybe you could tell me your phone number?
Yukie: Of course!
*.........*
Yukie: That was what we discussed. Heheheheheh.
Yukie: I'm so happy I could roll around. But that would be unseemly of me, so Matsukaze will tumble instead.
Matsukaze: Waaaaah, I'm getting dizzy!
Yamato: Y-You're in a good mood.
Yamato: But I'm really glad for you!
Yukie: Thank you!
Matsukaze: And so Mayucchi's ambition slowly became a reality.
Yukie: HAPPY END.
Yamato: Uh, no no no. You're just getting started!
Yukie: Huh?
Yamato: If anything, what's coming up is the hard part.
Yamato: Why not start off by texting her 'good night'?
Yukie: O-Of course! Thank you, Tactician!
Yukie: I would have taken everything for granted. Thank you so much.
Yamato: Sure, though this is something most people would do, tactician or not.
Yukie: Matsukaze, extol Yamato-san in an elegant kabuki style!
Matsukaze: Naoe Yamato, the first of his name!
*...Maybe I needed to be more worried.*
*It was past midnight.*
Yamato: That's probably enough studying for one night.
*I turned on the TV to see a rerun of Hagewashi airing on MHK.*
Yamato: Seeing this reminded me of my Dad, since they do similar work.
*Both me and my dad preferred to win on the strength of our connections, rather than through our imaginations.*
*In other words, we'd put more points into politics than intelligence.*
*While my mind played with that thought, I put in a DVD I'd borrowed and replied to my stuffed inbox.*
Yamato: Mn, another text... Oh, it's from Mayucchi.
Yamato: 'Are you still awake?' Yes, I'm awake. She must want to ask me something.
*I gave her a call.*
Yukie: Yamato-san. There's something I want to, uh, ask you about, and, umm...
Yamato: First off, calm down.
*...It was a little late, but I could deal.*
Yamato: Want to head down to the living room?
*--Late night, in the Shimazu Dorm's living room.*
Tadakatsu: I come home dead tired from work and I find the place occupied?
Yukie: G-Good evening!
Tadakatsu: ...I brought some manjuu back with me. Take it.
Yamato: Wow, that'll go great with this green tea.
Yukie: Th-Thank you for the offer, but I'm worried it would stick in my throat.
Tadakatsu: I don't got a clue what's got you messed up, but eat some damn snacks and calm down.
Tadakatsu: I'm too tired for this... I'm takin' a bath and gettin' in bed.
Yamato: Thanks as always, Gen-san. I totally love you.
Tadakatsu: Go fuck yourself.
*What a kind soul...*
Yamato: So let me guess: She hasn't replied to your text?
Yukie: Yes... And I sent it just after 8.
Yamato: Well, there's a good chance she's busy and just hasn't seen it.
Yukie: I know.
Yukie: However... What if I screwed up the text?
Yamato: Hmm, all right. Can I see what you wrote?
Yukie: Um... Here it is. (She poked around until she found it.)
Yamato: 'Subject: This is Mayuzumi?' As for the body...
Yamato: Geh!
Yukie: I spent so much time polishing it, I know it by heart.
Yamato: Hold up. Then tell me exactly what it says, word for word.
Yukie: All right, then I will.
Yamato: And don't forget, this is someone you're texting for the first time.
Yukie: Good evening, Oowada-san. Thank you for today.
Yukie: I was so glad to get to speak to you. I can't wait to speak to you more!
Yamato: (She did all right up to there, but...)
Yukie: By the way, do you happen to have a favorite color? Mine is green, likely because I grew up surrounded by a forest.
Yukie: Do you have a favorite soba? I like normal, zaru soba because that brings out the flavor of the noodles.
Yukie: The way some yakiniku stands let you pour sauce with a lever is deceitful. I'd rather taste the food itself, not the sauce.
Yukie: By the way, I know a senpai named Yamato-san, and his name is written almost exactly like yours.
Yukie: P.S. Matsukaze has something to say too.
Matsukaze: *Whinny!* This is Matsukaze, everyone's favorite horse tsukumogami!
Matsukaze: I hope you 'gallop' to Mayucchi when she's in need!
Yukie: That's what he said. Well, tata and toodle-loo...
Yamato: ......
Yukie: T-That's it. H-How was it?
Yamato: Did you write a text or a novel?!
Yukie: Eeek!
Yamato: Don't ask her so many questions!
Yukie: Auau...
Yamato: Don't jump from topic to topic!
Yukie: Ugh...
Yamato: And leave Matsukaze out of it!!!
Matsukaze: Ugh, that's a knife stabbing my glass heart.
Yamato: The last joke bombed!
Yukie: ...Hauuuu.
Yamato: That's a quintupple whammy. Overall, this text wasn't the least bit beautiful.
Yukie: Hauuu! I knew it!
Yamato: How's she supposed to know how to respond to this?
Yamato: If she's dutiful, now she's stuck wondering if she should respond with something equally long.
Yukie: Auau... Wh-What should I do?
*I clapped her shoulders.*
Yamato: Leave it to me.
Yukie: O-Okay...
Yamato: Take a deep breath.
Yukie: Whew... hah...
Yamato: All right. Feeling calmer now?
Yukie: Yes! Switching gears is my specialty.
Yukie: Well, it only takes me an instant to panic, too.
Yamato: Now, now... Relax, relax.
Yamato: Once you've calmed down, I want you to think to yourself 'We can fix this.'
Yukie: We... Can fix this.
Yamato: Yeah. Think positively.
Yukie: All right... I suppose I have been completely pessimistic.
Yamato: First, let's reference the Bay Stars' victory.
Yamato: There's sports news... But it's not on right now, and Bay vs. Nakuruto might not even make the highlight reel anyways.
*I searched the Net.*
Yamato: This play-by-play thread says Sotokawa's clutch hit was broadcast on the 11 o'clock news. We can use that.
*I looked for and found the footage on a video site.*
Yamato: Lying's not gonna work out, so I want you to watch this moment in action.
Yukie: He has a beautiful swing.
Yamato: So... What if you texted her something like this?
Yukie: L-Let me take a look at it.
Yamato: Luckily, she already knows you have a tendency to panic.
Yukie: Oowada-san, sorry for the long message! I got a little caught up in it. Please forget I even sent it, and thank you again for being my friend.
Yukie: P.S. I just happened to see the baseball news on TV. The announcer was really impressed by Sotokawa, he must be incredible.
Yukie: I see. So that's it.
Yamato: I kept it pretty simple. Any objections?
Yukie: Doesn't the baseball thing seem a little too blatant?
Yamato: She's such a big fan that she should still appreciate it.
Yukie: I see... That is a good thing to know.
Yukie: Time to send it... Ohh, my heart's pounding so fast.
Yamato: Just stay calm.
Yamato: No matter what happens, we'll have your back.
*I kindly pat her head.*
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: You're not alone.
*Then I stroked my hand along her cheek.*
Yamato: Worst-case scenario, I'll be there to pick up the pieces, all right?
Yukie: ...Thank you. Then I'll send it!
Yamato: Okay.
Yukie: ... *stare*
Matsukaze: ... *stare*
*Mayucchi stared at me, her eyes full of passion.*
*...I felt like I'd raised her affection value for me even higher.*
*It was morning.*
Yukie: Good morning to you!
Yamato: If you're sounding that good, then...
Yukie: Yes, she replied to me!
Yukie: She said the first text surprised her, but that she can't wait to spend more time with me!
Yamato: Yeah, that's great.
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Yukie: To show my appreciation, I'm putting extra work into today's lunches. Please look forward to them!
Yamato: I see...
Yukie: Yes... It's all for you, Yamato-san!
Matsukaze: Yamato's a good man. I give him my seal of approval.
Yukie: And I'll have to make an extra lunch from now on.
Yukie: I'll put the boiled kelp in a separate container.
Matsukaze: She made it usin' the Mayuzumi family's secret recipe, so it's full of calcium.
Yamato: I really appreciate it.
Yukie: I'm always glad to cook for you, since you eat every last bite.
Yamato: Your cooking's too delicious for me not to.
*I found myself patting her head.*
Yukie: Fwah... Yamato-san.
Yamato: (She's my junior, and I find her cute...)
Miyako: ...Tch.
Miyako: They're getting even closer...
Miyako: And he's looking on her earnest nature with affection.
Miyako: Hmmm.
*--After class, school entrance.*
Takuya: Oh, Mayucchi. What a coincidence.
Yukie: Moro-san, I hope you had a good day at school.
Takuya: I'm heading to the secret base... Want to come along?
Yukie: Thank you for the offer, but I'm waiting for a classmate, so...
Takuya: Oh, that's great. Then you must've made big progress.
Yukie: Yes, thank you very much.
Takuya: I didn't do anything.
Yukie: Oh no no no. The manga you recommended to me turned out to be a shared interest.
Takuya: Oh, really? I'm glad to hear it.
Takuya: I can always help with that sort of thing...
Takuya: So don't hesitate to ask. Good luck!
Yukie: I will. Goodbye!
Yukie: (Moro-san is a wonderful and gentle boy.)
Takuya: Hmm... This is tricky... What's next? 'Her and His Circumstances' maybe?
Suguru: Oh, if it isn't Moro. What is it?
Suguru: Incidentally, I am debating on which 2D world I would enter, if I had the chance. It's hard to argue with being cast away with a harem on Airan Island.
Takuya: Ahaha, I'm not surprised.
Takuya: So a freshman at my dorm is interested in manga.
Takuya: She'll read whatever I recommend, so I'm wondering what I should introduce her to.
Suguru: I can see the entertainment in teaching another of the world of nerds.
Suguru: Wait. Did you say 'she'?
Takuya: Yeah, she's in our group.
Suguru: Do you feel affection for her? Have your interests made the quantum leap into the third dimension?
Takuya: No, no, not a chance. I swear it.
Suguru: Splendid. Then come to my place. We can watch an episode of ShigaAni's K-Off!
Suguru: I'm not into music, but I fear I may purchase the same instrument that Miya-tan uses.
Takuya: (Mayucchi is sweet, but I'm already interested in a different 3D girl...)
*--Secret base, on the rooftop.*
Miyako: ...Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: I'd never leave a sad-looking beautiful girl to cry by herself.
Miyako: ...Thank you...
Momoyo: Is it about Yamato and Mayu-Mayu?
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Momoyo: I never thought they'd hook up.
Miyako: ...Hey, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: What?
Miyako: What does she have that I don't?
Miyako: ...What am I missing?
Miyako: Why won't Yamato look at me the way he looks at her?
Miyako: I feel so pathetic, losing him to a freshman.
Miyako: ...I can't stand it.
Momoyo: Miyako...
Momoyo: ...Let's see... Hmm.
*She looked up at the crimson sky.*
Momoyo: I think of him as my lil' bro at this point.
Momoyo: I love him, in a way.
Miyako: Mmm.
Momoyo: But as a brother, not as a man.
Miyako: Mmm...
Momoyo: I think you and Yamato are the same way.
Miyako: So he sees me less as a woman and more as family...?
Momoyo: Right.
Momoyo: We are the Kazama Family, after all.
Miyako: Even so... I just...
Miyako: ..We've been so close... Too close?
Miyako: I thought that gave me an advantage, but... Was I wrong the whole time?
Momoyo: Yeah. Too much familiarity can get in the way of romance.
Momoyo: Maybe that's the difference between you?
Miyako: ...Mmm.
Miyako: Thank you, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: You're welcome.
Miyako: If you hadn't come by, I might've gotten too depressed and jumped.
Momoyo: Hah. No need to be that negative, silly.
Momoyo: If you really love him, you'll just have to hang in there and wait.
Miyako: ...You're right.
Momoyo: Of course I'm right.
Miyako: Thanks... That was very senpai-ish of you.
Momoyo: That's how I always act.
Miyako: Heheh...
Miyako: Childhood friends... Our relationship is weird, isn't it?
Momoyo: More than children, not quite adults... It's so complicated.
Miyako: ...Maybe I'll write down my wish.
Miyako: That even now, we become engaged one day.
Momoyo: Hey, don't put a hex on the rooftop.
Miyako: Heheh.
Momoyo: (But Yamato, you're such a sinful man.)
Momoyo: (How can you make such a cute girl cry?)
Momoyo: (You've got some nerve.)
*Ours was a complex web of emotions...*
*--The freshman hallway.*
Kyojin: Here's the list of of strong sophomores you asked for.
Kosugi: Thank you, Mr. Usami.
Kosugi: I brought this, by way of thanks. Please take it.
Kyojin: There's no way I can take that.
*Kyojin went to leave, but she stuffed the bribe down his sleeve.*
Kyojin: Kids got too much money these days... But it'll be good to add a little extra to my meals.
Tadakatsu: I saw that, Pops. You're taking bribes from freshmen?
Yamato: It's amazing how bad of an example you are.
Kyojin: Shut up. It was a fair trade. We both got what we wanted.
Kyojin: What's wrong with shilling for a shilling?
Yamato: And your gags are awful...
Tadakatsu: You might be my old man, but you still should give a damn.
Yamato: Look, I'll stay quiet if you give me 10%.
Kyojin: See that, Tadakatsu? He's way more evil.
Tadakatsu: You're all the same to me... Fuck it.
Yamato: He left. Is your family doing all right?
Kyojin: Where're you reaching? You're actually taking the money?
Kyojin: You're a tough one... Sheesh.
Kyojin: Well, Tadakatsu respects me in his own way.
Yamato: Sure he does...
Kyojin: What're you being doubtful for?
Kyojin: I might not look it, but this old man used to be strong.
Yamato: Geez, back to your usual war stories? You really are a bad example.
Kyojin: Shut up. The strong are good at hiding their powers.
Yamato: (He might be playing dumb, but...)
Yamato: (It didn't seem like he was lying.)
Yamato: (Was Mr. Beardy actually strong way back in the day?)
*The strong were good at hiding their powers, he claimed...*
Kosugi: Hmm, hmm... I see...
Kosugi: There's as many heroes in the sophomore class as there are stars in the sky.
Kosugi: There's no way I can take them on the way I did the freshmen.
Kosugi: I'll start off with some who look weak, and work my way up to Fushikawa Kokoro.
Kosugi: This 'Chris' girl seems like a good place to start.
Kosugi: Right, time to go! There's no better training than live combat!
*--Class 1-C.*
Iyo: Mayuzumi-san, it's finally exam season.
Yukie: Yes.
Iyo: ...I can't believe how relaxed you are.
Yukie: Oowada-san, are you worried?
Iyo: The pennant race started up, and when I know a game's going on... It's so hard to focus.
Iyo: My heart's pounding in my chest.
Matsukaze: That's love.
Iyo: No it's not, Matsukaze.
Iyo: Mm, but I have to do my best.
Yukie: I'd be happy to help you with anything you don't understand!
Iyo: ...Wait, what did you get on the last test?
Yukie: I managed to get a 96.
Iyo: Wow, when the average was a 68? I only got a 78 myself.
Iyo: You're amazing, Mayuzumi-san. You could be in Class S.
Matsukaze: That ain't the place for her. It's nerve wracking.
Iyo: Oh. So. What I really wanted to ask is, are you free on Tanabata?
Iyo: You know how there's going to be a festival at the shrine?
Iyo: We could go there together, as two girls sharing their first summer in Kawakami?
Yukie: That sounds absolutely wonderful. I would love to!
Matsukaze: Goin' with a friend to a festival? That's high-level, girl.
Iyo: What about your senpais? Did you make any plans with them?
Yukie: No, my schedule is clear.
Matsukaze: The Family ain't even brought it up yet.
Iyo: Ahaha, all right then.
Iyo: Then that settles it. I can't wait!
Yukie: A festival would have a ring toss game, right?
Iyo: I'd like to go to the shooting gallery.
Iyo: Now we just have to hope it's sunny. It's been raining so much lately.
Yukie: Matsukaze, say the good-weather prayer we came up with.
Matsukaze: Eldoggora Zombino!
Iyo: Is that a prayer or a spell?!
Yukie: It's a charm to ward off rain.
Iyo: That's an incredible thing you can do, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: All that sorrow over the sports festival gettin' canned caused a new power to rise up within me.
Iyo: Then can you pray for today too? I don't want rain to screw up our pitching rotation.
Matsukaze: G-Gimme a break, girl!
*July had begun, and finals were fast approaching.*
*Yet some still hung out at the arcade.*
Shouichi: This here's the arcade, Cookie.
Cookie: I feel like there's a lot of ancient machines, Meister.
Jun: Oh, hey Kazama.
Shouichi: Hey. What brings a guy from Class S out here to the arcade?
Jun: Even I like a breather sometimes, you know?
Hideo: Poor though the air may be, surely that is part of the thrill.
Jun: Though this might be the first time he's followed me here.
Hideo: One must appreciate the occasional change of pace. The king, playing alongside his servants. Such a picturesque scene, no doubt.
Jun: Well, so long as we're all here, let's play a game.
Shouichi: How about that one, the one with the cockpit-shaped cabinet with all those extra things that really make it feel like you're in a robot!
Hideo: That We too can play, for the Kuki Conglomerate made it.
Jun: Seriously? The company name's different, so I had no clue. Heck, is there any business you guys aren't in?
Shouichi: There's four of us here -- let's do co-op!
Hideo: Oh, Cookie. Are you being a good boy?
Cookie: Goodness me, my developer! Yes, thank you very much.
*Shouichi, Jun, Hideo, and Cookie entered the cabinet.*
Shouichi: Eh, it's co-op, so I can take this easy... Whoa, a challenger?
Jun: Hey, hey, and it's only one player.
Hideo: What fool would dare challenge Us?
Shouichi: Let's deal with him nice and quick. Hah!
Mysterious Man: Damn, that's a cold welcome.
Mysterious Man: Let's do this! I don't go easy, not even'n games!
Shouichi: Whoa, who is this guy?! It's like he's dancing around us!
Mysterious Man: Hah, you goin' down!
Shouichi: Ngh, dammit! He got me!
*Kazama Shouichi had been eliminated.*
Shouichi: I never did see his face... Wonder what sorta guy he is?
Shouichi: Other than that impactful voice, I've got nothing to run on.
Cookie: Meister...! How dare you! I'll avenge him!
Cookie: H-Huh?! I can't move!
Mysterious Man: Whoa, someone's clumsy'n his feet. Newbie?
Mysterious Man: Then I'll take y'outta your misery. Missiles!
Cookie: Whoa! I'm completely stuck!
Jun: He's good... But he's in range of my mega bazooka launcher.
Jun: This'll send him to hell! I'm taking the lead!
Mysterious Man: Sorry, but that ain't happenin'.
Jun: Huh? He dodged? I call hax!
Mysterious Man: Hey Baldie, just 'cause you ain't good enough don't mean I'm cheatin'!
Jun: Gwah! You're not wrong!
*Inoue Jun also fell in battle.*
Cookie: Wawa! We lost another one?
Cookie: I don't have a choice, I have to analyze the code!
Mysterious Man: Welp, time t'finish off the other guy.
Hideo: We shan't allow it!
Mysterious Man: That so?
Hideo: Your breadth of skill marks you as a worthy opponent!
Mysterious Man: The fuck are you?
Hideo: Let Us fight with honor, one on one!
Mysterious Man: What d'ya think you are, some sorta samurai?!
Hideo: We are Kuki Hideo!
Mysterious Man: You think announcin' your name'd get y'somewhere? Orah! There's no way you're dodgin' this!
Hideo: That attack? What of it?!
Mysterious Man: Whoa, y'dodged?!
Hideo: We shall cut you down!
Hideo: Our controls failed?!
Mysterious Man: Hah. Did y'go so crazy y'broke the lever?
Cookie: How could you do that to everyone?!
Mysterious Man: Oh, y'still kickin'? Sit y'ass down so I can kick it.
Cookie: That move won't work twice!
Mysterious Man: Huh? Y'dodged that? Whoa!
Cookie: Diiiieeee!
Mysterious Man: Whoaaa?! Who're you'n what happened t'the old guy?
*Cookie expertly eliminated the challenger.*
*Everyone climbed out of the arcade machines.*
Shouichi: Haha, nice going. You got us the win, Cookie!
Cookie: Heh-hem. I know, right?
Hideo: The challenger... Mm. He already left.
Jun: Seems like it. He's not in the cabinet anymore.
Shouichi: That guy was so awesomely strong, I really wanted to take a look at him for myself.
Shouichi: ...? Huh? What did I just say...?
Shouichi: Something about what I said just don't feel right.
Jun: Hey, what are you mumbling about? The mission's starting.
Shouichi: O-Oh, roger. Sweet, time to get back in the machine!
*The boys continued to escape from the reality of finals season.*
*............*
*The Tama River glowed crimson in the light of the setting sun.*
Bookstore Owner: Yo. Hey there, ya idiot!
Yukie: Good day
Bookstore Owner: You're a jovial-lookin' idiot...
Yukie: I'll be going to the shrine for the festival... The flowers of spring have finally bloomed for me too!
Matsukaze: I was worryin' those buds might never sprout.
Yukie: I'm so happy, I might not even complain if it looked like the chef forgot my order!
Matsukaze: Mm, there's that old man from before.
Yukie: Oh, the Prime Minister look-alike.
Matsukaze: He's kinda... starin' lifelessly at the Tama River.
Yukie: The poor thing... All right! This is my chance to return the favor!
Prime Minister: Ugh...
Prime Minister: Need to start getting ready for that visit to Europe...
Prime Minister: And there's so much work on the economic restructuring left to do...
Yukie: Good day! I'm a high school girl passing on through.
Prime Minister: Oh, if it ain't the Missy from before!
Yukie: Today, I think you're the one in need of some help.
Prime Minister: ...Eh, you ain't wrong.
Yukie: Please look at this! I've been practicing.
*Yukie showed off her reed whistle.*
Prime Minister: Haha, you're getting good at it.
Yukie: It simply took some practice.
Prime Minister: (Last time wasn't no fluke. She's still got a perfect guard.)
Prime Minister: ...By the way, Missy, what's your name?
Yukie: Mayuzumi Yukie.
Prime Minister: ...You're not Taisei's daughter, are you?
Yukie: Yes. Do you know him?
Prime Minister: (So she's the daughter of Mayuzumi 11-dan, the Sword Saint...)
Prime Minister: (That explains that.)
Prime Minister: ...Hey.
Yukie: Yes? *glare*
Prime Minister: ...Never mind... *cough*
Prime Minister: ...That a shopping bag you've got in your hands?
Yukie: It is. I'll be using these to cook dinner and lunch!
Yukie: Everything's so expensive, so I'm always on the lookout for a good sale.
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's a veteran of the Grocery Store Wars.
Prime Minister: Yeah... Prices are getting up there.
Yukie: I won't yield, not even to the glares of the most powerful housewives in the city.
Matsukaze: Still scares the shit outta me, though.
Prime Minister: Sorry to put you through that.
Yukie: Why would you need to apologize?
Prime Minister: For the recession. Half my job's keeping this economy on track, and we're barely making a dent.
Prime Minister: So I'm sorry for that.
Yukie: Don't be ridiculous. You can't shoulder all the responsibility by yourself.
Matsukaze: Get your head outta the clouds.
Prime Minister: ......!!!
Yukie: Matsukaze, you shouldn't say that.
Prime Minister: ...Haha. Got a point there, I think.
Prime Minister: All this time dilly-dallying would be better spent working.
Yukie: ...Oh, you seem so much better now. Thank goodness.
Prime Minister: Yukie-chan.
Prime Minister: When we were talking before, you said you were looking for friends?
Yukie: Y-You remember that?
Prime Minister: Gotta have good memory, position I'm in.
Prime Minister: So what do you say to me being your friend, Yukie-chan?
Yukie: You want to be friends? With me? Are you sure?
Prime Minister: Yeah. We've both gotten each other through some bad times.
Yukie: Then yes, thank you very much!
Bodyguard: Sir, it's almost time.
Prime Minister: Great. I'm good to go. Got the spring back in my step.
Yukie: Is it work?
Bodyguard: Hey kid, you're getting awfully close there.
Prime Minister: Oh, it's fine. She's my friend.
Bodyguard: But, Prime-- *cough* Ahem!
Yukie: Huh?!
Matsukaze: 'Prime' as in prime minister, or are'ya some kinda robot in disguise?
Prime Minister: The former. Time for me to reveal who I truly am.
Yukie: ...Whaaaat?!
Prime Minister: Got a bit of a chat coming up with Russia, so I'm out.
Yukie: S-So you're the real Prime Minister.
Prime Minister: Bye, Yukie-chan. Let's hang out again sometime.
Prime Minister: ...Though I don't got a clue when that time will come.
Yukie: Umm, I can't believe I said that to the Prime Minister... Auauauau.
Prime Minister: Don't let it get to you. See you!
*The Prime Minister's car stately drove off.*
Matsukaze: No wonder he's got one hell of an aura.
Yukie: I've become friends with the Prime Minister...
*The Prime Minister's car headed for the expressway.*
Prime Minister: (A part of me figured, hey. Being friends with Mayuzumi 11-dan's daughter can't hurt.)
Prime Minister: (But I'm embarrassed I felt that way.)
Prime Minister: (Friendship ain't about winning and losing.)
Prime Minister: (Her pure eyes brought me back...)
Prime Minister: (Thanks, Yukie-chan.)
*--That night, in the Shimazu Dorm's living room.*
Yamato: ...But man, this manga's funny.
Tadakatsu: What's got you laughing your ass off in the middle of the night?
Yamato: Space Kobra. It's a bit old, but it's good.
Tadakatsu: ...Oh. I don't hate that one.
Yamato: What about me?
Tadakatsu: You piss me off. Especially how you look down on everyone.
Tadakatsu: Fuck it, it's hot. Have some ice cream.
Yamato: Thanks.
Tadakatsu: Bought too much for myself. That's all there is to it.
Yamato: So Kobra's absolutely amazing, but the author, Tsutsuji-san, never really gave out autographs, did he?
Tadakatsu: Yeah. Word is no one's been able to confirm a single one.
Tadakatsu: He's famous for it, for those in the know.
Yamato: But I bet the Kuki Conglomerate would have his autograph.
Tadakatsu: Nah, he's supposed to be too stubborn to give into the rich or influential.
Yamato: What a savant...
Tadakatsu: Space Kobra's popular the world over.
Tadakatsu: Even one autograph'd be a huge deal.
Yamato: I wish I could have it...
Tadakatsu: He ain't the only one who don't sign things. You got Takahashi Remiko, for starters.
Yamato: I see. That's interesting too.
Tadakatsu: Well, that's their style. There's nothin' doin'.
Yukie: I need to tell you something. Today, I met the Prime Minister by the Tama River, and we became friends! And this is the second time we've met!
Yamato: ...Huh? You what?
Tadakatsu: Hey, you starting to confuse dream with reality over there?
Yukie: It's another page on my journey to make a hundred friends... I'm so happy.
Yamato: Guess we gotta wait until she calms down. Gen-san, could you make us some tea?
Tadakatsu: Sure, on it.
Tadakatsu: Wait -- why the hell are you orderin' me around?!
Tadakatsu: ...Fuck it. I already started, might as well finish... Hmph.
Yamato: There really are so many interesting people at this dorm.
Yamato: (But why the Prime Minister? Did he come to pray at the Kawakami Temple?)
*.........*
Yamato: Nee-san told me, saying there was no sense keeping it a secret now.
Yamato: He's the real McCoy. He was at the Temple until this evening.
Yamato: Meeting his master, the principal.
Yukie: That makes sense. Oh, I knew it...
Matsukaze: Apologize to my girl Mayucchi right this second!
Tadakatsu: Fine, all right, sorry for doubtin' you.
Tadakatsu: Just blew me away, is all.
Yamato: But friends with the Prime Minister... That's incredible.
Tadakatsu: Yeah, good goin'.
Yukie: At this rate, I'll have a hundred friends in no time!
Matsukaze: We goin' on a mad dash, girl, you and I!
*Mayucchi's plan to make friends had begun to move along.*
Jun: Man, things in Class S are always too glum come finals.
Ikurou: So you think that gives you the right to walk up to your mortal enemies and act like we're your friends?
Jun: Hey, I'm the head of the moderates. I want things to be friendly between us.
Chika: Haguro, did you see the new Monday night drama?
Haguro: The Most Divine Kiss in the World? Can't believe they made the hero some guy who might not live to see tomorrow.
Chika: And the girlfriend? I hear she's the same way?
Haguro: Shit, they gonna kill off everyone?!
Chika: I know. Like, the whole cast feels like that. It'll have fewer survivors than Battlin' Royale when it's finally done.
Haguro: I'm so gonna be cryin' by the end.
Suguru: Hey Moro, which episode of Ushishi and Tora made you cry the most? I shed many during the finale.
Takuya: I cried during To the Promised Night. I was so glad to see Hyou-san finally make it home after wandering for so long.
Jun: Everyone's so relaxed here. I love it.
Kazuko: If you hate Class S that much, why not drop out?
Chris: Of school? How can you advise that, Dog?
Kazuko: No, out of Class S. You're already kicked out anyways, if your grades aren't in the top 50 in the year.
Chris: The principle of competition at work... Mar-san loves that sort of thing.
Chris: (The stuffed animal she gave me was so cute.)
Jun: The Young Master is in Class S, along with Yuki. So there I will stay.
Kazuko: Now that you mention it, you're always together.
Jun: Just like you guys, we're childhood friends.
Ikurou: Doesn't Aoi Touma's father work with yours at the hospital?
Jun: Yeah. So if you get sick, make your appointment at the Aoimon Hospital.
Ikurou: So how'd Koyuki-chan join up?
Jun: Well with Yuki, I guess it started when we saw her smiling at us, and then we called out to her.
Ikurou: Oh, that sounds pretty normal.
Gakuto: *Munch!* *Munch!*
Yamato: *Chomp!* *Chomp!*
Mitsuru: You guys are wolfing down your food, as you should be.
Takuya: By the way, Yamato's eating a lunch his junior made, and Gakuto's eating a lunch his mom made.
Yukie: Yamato-san, here's today's lunch. I hope you find it to your liking!
Mrs. Shimazu: Here, Gakuto. This lunch is filled with love and resignation. If you don't eat all of it, I'll kill you with a moonsault.
Gakuto: You could've left that part out!
Chika: Killed by his own mother with a moonsault? That's legendary, in a way.
Haguro: Whoa, Chikarin. Nice knowin' the moves.
Chika: Of course I'd know. You're my friend, and you're a wrestler.
Gakuto: Damn you. I'm not interested in younger girls, but I'm still jealous.
Jun: ...A lunch... Made by... Your junior...?
Jun: Don't tell me it was made by a girl of tender age, her inexperience showing in the cuts on her fingers as she prepared this bento lunch?
Ikurou: Calm your tits, Baldie! I'll show you pictures of some kids playing in a water fountain at the park if you just shut up!
Jun: ...So paradise is to be found in this world.
Mayo: You must truly be enjoying your lunch, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: It's that good, yeah.
Chika: Are you going out with the girl who made it?
Haguro: Oh my gosh, you said it. But now you have to tell us.
Miyako: ... (She stoically read her book.)
Kazuko: ... (She was worried how Miyako might react to this situation.)
Chris: ... (She was still thinking about how cute stuffed animals were.)
*I answered with...*
We were sort of going out
We were just friends
No answer
Yamato: Yeah... We're sort of going out.
Chika: Woo-wee!
Miyako: --!
Kazuko: (Eek?!)
Kazuko: (I-I can sense Acala hanging over Miyako?!)
Miyako: ......
Kazuko: (Sh-She quelled her anger?!)
Miyako: (Best to wait until the time is ripe.)
Mayo: Naoe-chan, you younger-lady killer you.
Jun: I'd love to have that title. So, how much younger are we talking here?
Gakuto: Calm down. She's a damn freshman.
Jun: Oh, then forget it. Guess I'll watch Sawayaka Class 4 DVD's instead.
Gakuto: There's no way you'll die with honor.
Jun: Yeah, I've come to terms with that.
Yamato: We're not going out. We're still friends.
Chika: 'Still'? Hah.
Yamato: Language can be a wonderful thing.
Chika: Then he's hoping it's a matter of time, Mayo.
Mayo: When it comes to this, you have a really quick mind.
Chika: I mean, it's practically my hobby.
109
Yamato: ...
Chika: Huh? You're just going to make us more suspicious!
Yamato: Man, this lunch really is good!
Miyako: (I can't believe Yamato would do something as mean as eat another girl's lunch while I'm in the room.)
Miyako: (It's merciless, but... That's just like him.)
Miyako: (He's trying to make it clear to me that I don't have a chance...)
Miyako: (But that just makes me love you even more, Yamato.)
Yamato: *om nom nom*
Yamato: (There's only one girl who stares at me with that tenacity -- Miyako. And it's not a gaze of protest, but one of love.)
Yamato: (I'm eating Mayucchi's lunch without giving a damn how she feels, so how can she view me with affection?)
*Rumors and speculations flew like wildfire.*
*Meanwhile, as for Christiane Friedrich...*
Chris: (I would love another teddy bear... Perhaps Father would buy me one if I do well on the finals?)
*...She was stuck in fantasy land.*
Takuya: Yamato, come to think of it, today's Tanabata.
Takuya: I think Chris is going to the festival together with the other girls.
Yamato: Right, they mentioned that at the Meeting.
Takuya: I'll be playing games at Suguru's house... Do you wanna come along?
Suguru: Yonpachi started playing Creature Hunter, so I thought we could help him raise his hunter rank.
Takuya: Well, we'll mostly just be hanging out. How about it?
Yamato: I see.
Jun: Oh, I almost forgot. Yamato, the Young Master's asking to go to the festival with you.
Yamato: Why would I go with him?!
Jun: He said he wants to physically pound how he feels into you with his hips.
Chika: Wow, I'd pay to see that.
Yamato: The scary thing is, he's not kidding. There's no way I'm going.
Jun: Well, I'm sure he's joking. Yuki and I are going too, after all.
Yamato: (Hmm. Mayucchi's going to the shrine with her friend, and Wanko will be off with the other girls.)
*How would I spend the evening of Tanabata?*
Go to the festival with Jun, Touma, and Koyuki
Play games with Moro and Suguru
Relax at the dorm with Gen-san
Nap alone by the river
*I went to the festival with Inoue and the others from 2-S.*
Yamato: ...This is different.
Touma: Goodness, I am overjoyed to see you actually came.
Koyuki: Touma's happy...
Koyuki: So I'm happy too!
Jun: So Yuki, where do we start? With takoyaki?
Koyuki: But that's cannibalism.
Yamato: You three are really close.
Koyuki: Yep, we're bestest friends!
Touma: Would that be goldfish scooping? Yes, that seems worth a try.
Yamato: You're going to give it to her?
Touma: Heavens no. It's for Jun.
Yamato: Give it to a girl, man.
Touma: I'd fear for the goldfish's life, were it in Yuki's hands.
Jun: She would likely dissect the poor thing.
Yamato: Is she that scary?
Koyuki: Nope, nope.: Not one bit.
Koyuki: I'm the kind of girl who warms up everyone's hearts with her picture book shows!
Koyuki: I'm working on a new one right now!
Yamato: Wow.
Koyuki: But I'll let you hear the story early. It's called Super Commander Kamata.
Yamato: Super, you say?
Koyuki: Kamata was an upstanding warrior who fought for the nation of Suruga.
Yamato: So it's set in the past? You've got me hooked.
Koyuki: Kamata cared about nothing except loyalty to his lord.
Yamato: That's a good thing. Workers these days could learn a thing or two from him.
Koyuki: And his lord recognized his talents.
Yamato: Competent workers are valued for their efforts. That's how work should be.
Koyuki: When ordered to drive out a band of villains, his strength quickly sent them running. However, his over-enthusiasm led to many deaths.
Yamato: He must be quite the warrior, but that seems overkill.
Koyuki: If his lord ordered him to act like a dog while he drank, then he would bark away.
Yamato: I'd love to have a vassal like that.
Koyuki: Kamata could not imagine disobeying his lord.
Koyuki: One day, a woman was brought to Kamata for him to marry. She was ugly, looking more like a locust than person.
Yamato: ...That's pretty bad.
Koyuki: But Kamata followed his lord's suggestion and married her.
Yamato: He's devoted to a fault.
Koyuki: And he loved that locust with all his heart.
Yamato: Kamata... Damn, you're what a man should be.
Koyuki: When a court spy discovered the lord's illegal activities, the lord ordered Kamata...
Koyuki: To claim responsibility and die in his place.
Koyuki: He had known about his lord's crimes, but out of loyalty had chosen to say nothing.
Koyuki: And so Kamata gladly took his own life.
Koyuki: Stab...   Slash...   Chop!   Thump.
Koyuki: And so the lord survived the encounter, but he did not stop his wicked ways.
Koyuki: Soon he too was exposed, and he suffered the same fate as his vassal.
Koyuki: Stabbity-stab, went the knife! Slash, went the second's sword, and his head tumbly-umbly'd!
Koyuki: Kamata held his head high in the afterlife, for he had been a loyal servant.
Koyuki: However, when his soul was judged, he was told...
Koyuki: That he had been nothing more than a puppet.
Koyuki: Kamada couldn't understand why.
Koyuki: Even as his soul fell into Hell, Kamada wore that as a badge of honor with which he could suffer through the torments to come.
Koyuki: The end.
Yamato: It ends with him going to hell? That's as bad as it could've gone for him.
Koyuki: That was super duper fairy tale-ish!
Yamato: Uh, you don't see people judged to damnation in fairy tales.
Koyuki: Are you sure? I think the judge makes it a fairy tale.
Koyuki: In the real world, after you die, there's just nothing.
Yamato: Well, there's people who say that.
Koyuki: The moral is, sycophants doom themselves.
Yamato: I can feel my ears burning, but you definitely made that clear.
Touma: Isn't Yuki so adorably eccentric?
Yamato: 'Mysterious' is the word I'd use.
Touma: My word. Did you hear that, Yuki?
Koyuki: Whahahaha.
Jun: Anyways, the Young Master got me a goldfish, so let's eat some candy apples. I bought one for everyone.
Yamato: Whoa, this is good.
Touma: The way you dabble at it with your tongue leaves me aching.
Yamato: You sure that's not a symptom of some STD?
Touma: What an awful thing to say. I assure you, I am not unchaste.
Jun: It's easy to get the wrong impression about him, but he's not gay or anything.
Touma: I am more of a switch hitter. Bisexual, if you will.
Touma: A sadist and a masochist, whatever the situation demands.
Yamato: A pervert's what you are.
Touma: But I would never lay hands on Jun or Yuki.
Yamato: Why?
Touma: Because they are family. Only a fiend would lay his hands on family.
Koyuki: *lick, lick, lick, lick*
Jun: Hey. Stop licking so wildly, or you'll get the sauce all over your clothes.
Yamato: I think I get where you're coming from, about them being family.
Touma: You yourself do have the Kazama Family.
Touma: Incidentally, I plan to walk the path of a doctor following my graduation.
Koyuki: I'm gonna be Nurse Koyuki, and start off every meeting with a shot!
Yamato: I'm pretty sure a girl like her should never be a nurse.
Touma: She can be a touch destructive, but she is a wonderful girl.
Jun: She even destroyed my hair!
Yamato: Huh? She cut it off?
Jun: Yeah, but it felt so freeing that I decided to keep it.
*Still, while I'd shrugged it off at the time, what had he meant by 'destructive'?*
*Her legs were thick with muscles -- did that have anything to do with it?*
*They were a mysterious trio.*
Yamato: Oh! It's Mayucchi and her friend.
Yukie: Should we try the cookie cutting next?
Iyo: Aww, I don't know if I'll be any good at that.
Yamato: Bingo! I can't believe we found you.
Playboy: Oh, I found me some real cuties!
Yukie: I'm sorry?
Playboy 2: Oh, yay! Check it out yo!
Playboy 2:  Where'd you come from? Yay!
Iyo: U-Umm...
Yamato: Right, right, now get out of here.
*I drove the playboys away.*
Yukie: Yamato-san!
Iyo: Oh, is this Yamato-san? I see...
Yamato: I'm Naoe Yamato. Thanks for being Mayucchi's friend.
Iyo: I'm Oowada Iyo. Mayuzumi-san's told me all about you.
Yamato: Like what?
Matsukaze: Hey, a gentlemen ain't supposed to ask ladies about what they say in private!
Iyo: Simply compliments, by and large.
Yukie: Hauuu...
Yamato: Oh, I'm happy to hear that.
Touma: Yamato-kun, why are you talking to these women and who are they?
Iyo: ...?!
Yamato: Don't act like you're jealous!
Iyo: H-He's so cool... Who is he?
Touma: I am Aoi Touma of 2-S. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Yamato: Wow, what's with how you react to him versus how you react to me?!
*I couldn't stand it!*
Matsukaze: Well, ain't any point worryin' yourself sick!
*And Matsukaze was the one to cheer me up?!*
*I decided to play games with Suguru and Moro.*
Suguru: Let's have Autumn on in the backround while we play CH.
Takuya: Wait, you're starting with the best episode.
Suguru: How better to get them hooked?
Ikurou: I can't jump into the middle and follow along.
Suguru: Well, simply fall silent and listen to the voices, for they now begin.
Ikurou: Time to raise my rank. Thanks, guys.
Suguru: Here, have a pickaxe.
Ikurou: Huh? Why? I thought we were on a hunting quest.
Suguru: While we capture the beast, mine for materials.
Ikurou: Hey, then how am I supposed to be able to deal with the higher-ranked monsters?
Suguru: Don't be such a child. You will grow accustomed with time.
Yamato: Right, let's go.
Suguru: Wait, when are you reloading your bowgun?
Yamato: Just before transferring into this area.
Yamato: You know how your leg moves forward when you reload? If you change areas at that moment, you'll cancel the reload animation, but still have ammo.
Suguru: Yes, here we are. Let us hunt!
Takuya: Yeah!
*We were obsessed with the game.*
Ikurou: ...Man, my rank shot through the roof. Thanks.
Takuya: Miyako and the others are probably at the festival right about now.
Suguru: Ah, yes. Today is Tanabata, isn't it?
Ikurou: Hey, hey, the streets outside are packed, and you just remembered?
Takuya: Look at this. It's live footage from the shopping district near the festival.
*He pointed at his laptop.*
Ikurou: Whoa, there's way too many people...
Yamato: There's probably people who came all the way from the next town over.
Suguru: I cannot understand. Why would anyone head out into those crowds on such a hot night, placing themselves at the mercy of mosquitoes?
Suguru: How much better to be inside, playing games in an air-conditioned room!
Takuya: I mostly agree with that.
Ikurou: But when it's this crowded, you can always say it's an accident you touched a girl's ass and get away with it.
Yamato: Please don't actually try that. I don't want to have to bail you out.
Ikurou: Tch. Man, I want a girlfriend already so I can make a sex tape.
Takuya: That's your dream? Don't upload it to Mixee and get flamed, all right?
Ikurou: There's gotta be things you want to do when you get a girlfriend too.
Takuya: I'm fine with just talking with her in bed.
Ikurou: That's way too boring...
Takuya: --While she's tied to the bed.
Ikurou: Whoa, that's how you spice things up!
Takuya: So yeah, I guess I'm into light S&M.
Suguru: For goodness sake, talk of the third dimension is a waste of time.
Suguru: Why spend time focusing on those trashy meatbags when we have before us 2D women?
Yamato: Your opinion never changes, does it?
Suguru: Why would it? Real women are trash, nothing more.
*Declared Suguru with all the confidence in the world.*
*I decided to spend the night at the dorm with Gen-san.*
Tadakatsu: Why the hell're you doin' that, dumbass?!
Yamato: You don't have to poke fun at my monologue.
Tadakatsu: I'm goin' to bed! Some of us have to work most days.
Yamato: Come on, watch a DVD with me.
Tadakatsu: ...Why the hell are you givin' a fuck about me?
Yamato: Because I want to be your friend.
Tadakatsu: Fuck that...
Tadakatsu: Do that shit with your Family, not me.
*Gen-san left.*
*I decided to be by myself.*
Yamato: So this is the place Mayucchi was talking about.
*I had a fanboyish reason for coming here.*
Yamato: Will the Prime Minister come back? I'd love to talk to him.
Yamato: ......
Yamato: ......I guess not. He must be busy.
Yamato: He couldn't possibly have that much spare time... I'm getting tired...
Yamato: Zzz...
*......Something squished against me.*
*What was it? What could be this soft?*
*It had to be boobs. Nothing else fit.*
*Boobs as big as Nee-san's!*
*But they weren't hers -- I could tell that much.*
*I opened my eyes to see.*
Young Woman: Zzz... *yawn*
Yamato: Oh, you're the girl from back then.
Young Woman: Hey... We meet again.
Young Woman: When I saw you sleeping, it made me want to sleep here too.
Yamato: ...Thank you very much.
*No true gentleman would forget to thank a woman for providing a boob pillow.*
Young Woman: We're sleeping buddies.
Young Woman: You look so nice and comfortable when you sleep.
Yamato: So do you.
Young Woman: Heheh. Then we must be made for each other. (She patted my head.)
Young Woman: I have a younger brother, but he's a rascal.
Young Woman: I want one more like you.
Yamato: I see... Hmm?
Young Woman: Oh, that's my little sister.
Younger Sister: Wow, you're always sleepin'.
Younger Sister: Tatsu, he callin' for us.
Younger Sister: Everyone who can get there's supposed to show.
Tatsu: Ooh, fine, I'll go.
Tatsu: What's it today? Dealing with something? Dealing with someone?
Younger Sister: Don't ask me.
Younger Sister: Huh? Who's this prick? Screw it, I'm gonna kill him!
Yamato: (She'd given me a death sentence just like that?)
*This felt ominous. As if she could attack at any moment.*
Tatsu: You can't, A-chan. He's a good guy.
A-chan: ...Fine, have it your way.
Tatsu: Bye-bye.
Tatsu: Maybe there's a route that gives us time to really chat.
Yamato: ......?
*A mysterious woman, she.*
*And so the night of Tanabata drew late...*
*--Sunday before finals.*
*What were the Kawakami sisters up to?*
Momoyo: He's here. It's Assistant Master Lu. Let's go, Wanko -- With me!
Kazuko: 'Kay, Onee-sama! I'll follow you anywhere!
Lu: What should I name my new finishing move?
Lu: Thunder Crush!
Lu: Mmm, that wasn't quite right.
Lu: Space Stream!
Lu: No, that's not right.
Lu: Cosmo Miracle Attack!
Lu: Wait, I feel as if I am going in the wrong direction.
Momoyo: Assistant Master!
Kazuko: Assistant Master!
Lu: Whoa?!
Momoyo: We don't want--
Kazuko: To fail the test--
Momoyo: Even though we don't--
Kazuko: Regularly study--
Momoyo & Kazuko: So please tell us what's on the test!
Lu: No matter how adorably you ask me, my answer remains no!
Momoyo: Wh-Why do you have to be so stingy?
Lu: How many times must I tell you to study regularly?
Kazuko: Normally we'd have had enough study sessions during Friday Meetings for me to feel comfortable, but this semester we've barely had any... Awawawa.
Kazuko: We're down to our last hope -- Yamato!
Momoyo: No fair! I can't pull that off because I'm a year older than you!
Momoyo: Dammit, I have no other choice...
Momoyo: But to sleep. Zzz...
Lu: Go study!
Momoyo: Wawawa?!
*What was Shimazu Gakuto up to?*
Gakuto: Umm, I just... have to follow... Yamato's breakdown.
Gakuto: This is the absolute worst, but it's the only way to avoid an F.
*He was working on practice problems I'd made him.*
Gakuto: Why do I gotta get so horny when I study?
Gakuto: But if I let out a load, I'll fall asleep. I gotta keep going.
*Now he owed me a lot.*
*What was Morooka Takuya up to?*
Takuya: *yawn* ...I feel sleepy.
Takuya: ...I can go back to this after a nap.
Takuya: ...Zzz...
Takuya: Waaahhh! I overslept!
*He'd fallen into a bad pattern.*
*What were Chris and Miyako up to?*
Chris: Hmm, that ought to do it.
Miyako: This is good enough.
*Using their well-honed powers of concentration, the two of them worked efficiently.*
*What was Kazama Shouichi up to?*
Kansai Person: This here's special, what with sesame seeds and green onions!
Kansai Person: I reckon you'd like this takoyaki!
Shouichi: *om nom nom* Whoa, this is delicious!
Shouichi: So how much?
Kansai Person: That'll be 300 yen. And it's only 300 thousand more for my heart!
Shouichi: Whew, that's cheap!
Kansai Person: Wow, didn't think y'all easterners knew how to joke.
*He didn't have any intention to study in the first place.*
*What were Yukie and I up to?*
Yamato: Mind if I come in?
Yukie: By all means, please.
Yamato: Wow, so this is your room.
*It was my first time in here.*
*It was plain, yet elegant.*
Matsukaze: Here's where I can sit back and munch on grass.
Yamato: (But I feel like he's taking away from that elegance.)
Yukie: Yamato-san, might you be a bit tired from all the studying?
Yamato: Kind of. I always put in a bit of work before exams.
Matsukaze: You keep it on the small end for today, got it? Be in top shape for the test.
Yamato: Yes, Sir. (It looks like Mayucchi's following the same advice.)
Yukie: Yes. I study regularly, so there's no need to panic.
Yamato: Same here. What about your friend?
Yukie: She said she was going to pull an all-nighter.
Yukie: I offered to help, but she declined.
Yamato: There'll be more chances.
Yukie: ...Yamato-san, you've always been encouraging me.
Yamato: You're worth encouraging.
Yukie: By way of thanks, I made you this tea. It will warm you up.
Yamato: Hmm, let's see...
Yukie: It's a hot coarse tea mixed with dried plum and soy sauce...
Yukie: Plus some ginger extract. It's called Mayuzumi Tea.
Yamato: ...Mmm. I can feel it warming me up.
Matsukaze: Mayuzumi Tea's a magical drink that'll restores a person to perfect health.
Yukie: I hope this will make you be in perfect condition tomorrow.
Yamato: ...I hope you're in top shape tomorrow too.
Yukie: Fweh? Yamato-san...?
Yamato: You need to pray for yourself too. *pat pat*
Yukie: Ooh... I can never thank you enough!
Yukie: You can have this too, if you'd like! (She whisked something in front of me.)
Matsukaze: They're Mayuzumi Dango. They taste awesome. Make you feel like you're dreamin', even.
Yamato: You make all sorts of food, don't you? *om nom nom*
Yamato: It's good... Sweet and springy, and matches the soy sauce and seaweed perfectly.
Yukie: He liked that too, Matsukaze!
Matsukaze: Looks like all that time you spent masterin' it wasn't for nothin'.
Yamato: It feels like you can do anything. (I looked at her admiringly.)
Yukie: I'll do anything! (She gazed at me passionately.)
Yukie: I want to whatever I can to help those who are nice to me.
Yukie: But I don't know how I can ever hope to repay you.
Yamato: You don't have to worry about that, Mayucchi.
Yamato: I'm doing this because I like you.
Yukie: But I want to do something. The little being inside me just won't take his foot off the gas pedal.
Yamato: I didn't do this so I'd get something in re... turn?
*My eyes suddenly found the books in the corner of her room.*
*'How to Make Friends 2009'*
*'Psychological Techniques to Make People Like You'*
*'Friendship for Dummies'*
Yamato: (Mayucchi... You really were lonely.)
Yukie: Even so... There must be something I can do for you.
Yamato: Heck, you're already making me such delicious food and drink.
Yamato: That's more than enough, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Is that so, Yamato-san...?
*It was if she wanted me to order her.*
Yamato: Well, I do want to keep eating your food.
Yukie: Oh...! Yes, I'll make as much as you'd like for as long as you'd like!
Yamato: I can't wait to see what's in tomorrow's lunch. (I patted her head.)
Yukie: Yes! I'll put my soul into every single piece of rice!
*Mayucchi smiled from ear to ear.*
*After dinner we watched TV in the living room.*
Yukie: Auau... The Nanahama Bay Stars lost.
Chris: Alas, whenever they did hit the ball out of the park, they were solo home runs.
Tadakatsu: Back up. Why's the rest of the team playin' like shit when Glinn's on the mound?
Yukie: Oh, that's a jinx. He's had it since his previous team.
Miyako: And the second baseman makes such disastrous errors, I can't watch.
Yamato: Oh well. They'll just have to train some young talent.
*Mayucchi had gotten us to support the Bay's with her.*
*The game had been on a local channel, so we transitioned afterwards to local news.*
Reporter Yukihiro: Our next story features the Kawakami City's famous Stamp Rally, which begins just next week!
Miyako: Right, that always happens after exams.
Tadakatsu: Ain't it that thing where you run around all the famous places in Kawakami and get a stamp at each one?
Yamato: And you compete to get the fastest time.
Chris: This takes place after exams? Sounds interesting.
Miyako: Hmm, but there's a lot of entrants, and you don't win anything anyways.
Yamato: Though a little wager can spice things up.
Yukie: Oh, it's the Mayor.
Reporter Yukihiro: We have the Mayor of Kawakami here to personally explain the new rules for this year.
Kawakami Mayor: Fellow taxpayers, I thank you for your contributions.
Kawakami Mayor: I want Kawakami City to be known nationwide for its stamp rally.
Kawakami Mayor: To encourage everyone to participate, starting this year, we'll be handing out prizes to everyone who finishes in the top 20.
Tadakatsu: Yeah, I think I've heard gossip sayin' shit like that.
Miyako: What do you think the prizes will be?
Reporter Yukihiro: We have on display here some of those prizes.
Chris: Oh, these seem nice... Are they?
Reporter Yukihiro: This is an SPS game...
Yamato: Wow. That's not bad, but... Eh?
Reporter Yukihiro: Umm, fourth place will be receiving a Yokoshimaya gift card.
Yukie: That would be a pretty good prize to receive.
Miyako: If that's for fourth place... Hmm.
Tadakatsu: Uh... Is that autograph there what I think it is?
Reporter Yukihiro: Next, we have an all-expenses-paid trip to Hakone.
Miyako: I get the feeling that's the same prize Capt won before.
Yamato: It sure looks like it!
Reporter Yukihiro: ...Hakone is such a wonderful place. I'd love to take a vacation there myself.
Reporter Yukihiro: ...Next up, and the one I'm most excited to find out more about...
Reporter Yukihiro: Is this signed autograph that you've placed ever so high.
Kawakami Mayor: Yes, that is this year's showcase prize!
Kawakami Mayor: The truth is, there's a relative of mine who draws manga.
Kawakami Mayor: When I asked him to help revitalize the city, he gave me this autograph.
Reporter Yukihiro: Goodness! I apologize for getting so excited...
Reporter Yukihiro: But it's a signed autograph from Tsutsuji-san, the world-renowned author of Space Kobra!
Kawakami Mayor: He too grew up along the green banks of the Tama...
Kawakami Mayor: And shares our love of the city.
Tadakatsu: Well ain't that shiny.
Yamato: It's something you can't buy with money, but you could sure get a lot of money for it.
Miyako: A true treasure... Now there'll be even more participants.
Miyako: I'm thinking about it too.
Chris: How mercenary... Yet. I too am intrigued. I may join you.
Reporter Yukihiro: My, Mr. Mayor, I can only imagine how much this autograph is worth!
Kawakami Mayor: Yeah, it's an ultra-rare autograph.
Kawakami Mayor: What better prize for a star performance?!
Reporter Yukihiro: What are the stamp rally's rules?
Kawakami Mayor: You're free to travel however you want, but you can use nothing with an engine!
Reporter Yukihiro: So no motorcycles, but you're free to ride a bike!
Kawakami Mayor: Exactly. Cars, helicopters, and planes are also forbidden.
Kawakami Mayor: We don't want to have any accidents on the road, after all.
Reporter Yukihiro: But rollerskates and skateboards are okay?
Kawakami Mayor: Precisely. That's the main rule.
Kawakami Mayor: Oh, and you also can't directly attack other racers.
Tadakatsu: (Leavin' room for indirect attacks? You sick bastard.)
Kawakami Mayor: We've set up six checkpoints, but their locations are a secret.
Reporter Yukihiro: I assume that's to make the rally more fun?
Kawakami Mayor: We will reveal more at the starting line! This design favors locals who love their city and know all the shortcuts.
Reporter Yukihiro: That's all we have for you regarding the Kawakami Stamp Rally.
Yamato: The race comes down to speed. The winner is whoever can visit the six checkpoints, get their stamps, and make it to the goal line first.
Miyako: Wow, you're really getting into this.
*I absolutely wanted Tsutsuji-san's autograph, but...*
*I couldn't win myself. I simply wasn't fast enough.*
*So I'd have to pair up with somebody who was, and then we'd split the prize.*
Yamato: Hey Mayucchi, can we talk for a second?
Yukie: Yes! What is it, Yamato-san?!
*I figured Mayucchi would have both the enthusiasm and the skill.*
Chris: I shall participate as well! And I will not lose!
Miyako: Hmm... What should I do...?
*.........*
Tadakatsu: Right, I got a night shift to cover.
Tadakatsu: What, another segment on the stamp rally?
Kawakami Mayor: Yes, that is this year's showcase prize!
Tadakatsu: Seriously? The same shit as before?
Yamato: Yep, exactly the same. But that's what I wanted.
Tadakatsu: You want Tsutsuji's autograph that badly?
Yamato: Yeah, so badly I can taste it!
Kawakami Mayor: What better prize for a star performance?!
Yamato: --!
*They presented a full-screen close-up of the autograph.*
Yamato: ... (I'm getting that, whatever it takes.)
Shouichi: I'm home! Man, the trip was a blast!
Tadakatsu: You gotta be fuckin'... You forget we have finals tomorrow?
Yamato: That devil-may-care attitude of his might bring me to tears.
Kazuko: Waaahhhhh! Yamatooooo!
*Wanko came running in, crying.*
Yamato: I'm not helping you study.
Kazuko: It's all over... (She slumped to the floor.)
Tadakatsu: Shit, this's why you gotta hit the damn books every day.
Yamato: Why don't you help her out, Ta-chan?
Tadakatsu: I told you, I got work. And I barely beat the average anyways.
Yamato: With all you do, I'm astounded you can manage that.
Tadakatsu: Naoe, just fuckin' help her.
Yamato: All right, if you insist.
Kazuko: Hey! Why do you only do it if he asks?
Yamato: Look, do you want help or not? Get in my room. You have a lot to catch up on.
Kazuko: Brrr... B-But I have to.
*Though she shuddered like a chihuahua the whole way through, I drilled all the information Wanko needed into her brain.*
*She, too, needed to learn from Mayucchi.*
*Time always flew by during finals week.*
Gakuto: Did you study?
Ikurou: Not one bit. I'm doomed!
Suguru: I myself am suffering from muscle pain.
Takuya: Isn't that the kind of thing you use to get out of sports festivals?
*Half-truths and false information were all jumbled together.*
Yamato: All I have to do is solve the problems on the sheet.
Shouichi: Zzz...
*I concentrated on the exam.*
*Finally, the last day of tests had come to an end.*
Shouichi: Whew, what a nap. And I needed that after that trip.
Yamato: You used exam time to nap? How can you be so...?
Chris: Wait. Then the answer to Question 4B was 'D'?
Miyako: No, it was 'C'. The answer 'D' was a trick.
Chris: Again, I have been fooled...
Chris: Such trick questions are no better than bullying.
Shouichi: I know you're all tired, so I got you all some good news! Momo-senpai!
Momoyo: Everyone, I've got a proposal.
Momoyo: How about we all go on a trip to Okinawa this August?
Yukie: Okinawa?! The place with all the shiisaa statues?
Chris: Another trip? How fun!
Gakuto: It's too early to get excited!: Now where did I put my swim trunks...
Yamato: Calm down. First, tell us what's going on here.
Momoyo: I just wanna hang out. Let's cut loose!
*From the look of it, Nee-san was desperate to cut loose.*
Momoyo: So there's this guy who trained at the Kawakami Temple who inherited a boardinghouse in their hometown in Okinawa.
Momoyo: There's an open invitation to come hang out.
Takuya: So from what you're us, it'll be light on our pocketbooks?
Momoyo: Room and board's on him, but getting there and other odd fees are on us.
Takuya: Okay, then I'm in!
Momoyo: The later we wait, the more likely there's a typhoon, so I've scheduled us for August 5th.
Shouichi: So let's make sure to save the date and all that jazz. Any questions?
Miyako: Yes. Okinawa is pretty broad for a destination...
Yamato: You know Miyako-jima?
Miyako: Mm-hm. It's filled with me's.
Gakuto: Yamato, you'd be a god there.
Miyako: The curtain will rise on the ghastly struggle for God's semen.
Gakuto: They're goin' to milk you dry.
Momoyo: It's a remote island, yeah. Namely, Higan-jima.
Gakuto: Soon will come the time for my trunk to set the world on fire.
Momoyo: Whoops, wrong place. It's Kume-jima.
Takuya: Kume-jima, huh? Isn't that the place famous for tiger prawns?
*Moro looked up the information online in no time at all.*
Momoyo: You see the Beach of the End? That's where we'll be.
Takuya: The ocean's so beautiful. I'll have to find work so I can save up money.
Matsukaze: I wanna check out the epic viper vs. mongoose duels.
Yamato: I can play with hermit crabs in their natural habitat.
Shouichi: Shoot! I'm getting so excited, there's no way I can wait!
Shouichi: I'm gonna go scout out the place!
*Capt ran off on his way to Okinawa.*
Miyako: As I recall, didn't the same thing happen with the Hakone trip?
Chris: He is as dynamic as ever.
*We now had our big August event to look forward to.*
*--5:10 p.m., Nanahama.*
Yukie: So this is Nanahama Stadium...
Iyo: The captain of the Nanahama Bay Stars' Cheer Squad, Beni!
Beni: Oh, Iyo-chan, you brought a friend!
Iyo: Yes, Beni. Now, let's put some fire in our players' hearts!
Beni: All you need to do is put your heart and soul into it!
Beni: We're up against the Nagoya Draggys.
Yukie: (I-I feel like I've walked into a minefield.)
*The game was on. Nanahama was at bat.*
Beni: Knock it outta the park, Kinjou!
Iyo: Home run! Home run! Kinjou!
Yukie: Y-You all cheer him on so amazingly. You can do it!
Beni: I can't hear you!
Iyo: Louder!
Yukie: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Beni: Nice, a hit! Yay! (She hugged her.)
Yukie: Wah?!
Matsukaze: (These girls are pumped up. Mayucchi, you've gotta get up there with 'em.)
*.........*
Bookstore Owner: Right, time to close up shop.
Bookstore Owner: I barely sold anything today... Ugh, I could cry!
Bookstore Owner: That local revitalization's just what the doctor ordered, ya idiots!
Bookstore Owner: One day at a time. Tomorrow's the stamp rally.
Yamato: About that.
Bookstore Owner: Whoa! Don't scare me like that, ya idiot!
Yamato: What I'm offering should be a good deal for your bottom line.
*I grinned.*
Bookstore Owner: I got me a bad feeling about this.
*.........*
Yukie: Wow, I'm so glad we won!
Iyo: Yep! That was awesome!
Iyo: ...But I'm sorry. I lost control again, didn't I?
Iyo: The cheer squad just prefers to be direct with newcomers, so...
Yukie: It's fine, perfectly fine. I enjoyed myself!
Iyo: Really? I didn't ask too much from you?
Yukie: ...Why would that be too much?
Yukie: More importantly, I was truly moved by Sudou-san's pitching today. He seems so much younger than his 46 years!
Iyo: Everyone calls him Old Reliable.
Yukie: That's so refined. I almost want to be his fan!
Iyo: ...I'm glad you really enjoyed it.
Iyo: I lost a friend this way, once...
Yukie: Over baseball, you mean?
Iyo: Mm-hm...
Iyo: It was a bit traumatizing, but... This worked out.
Yukie: Oowada-san...
Iyo: Iyo-chan.
Yukie: Huh?
Iyo: That's my nickname...
Iyo: ...M-Mayucchi, I'd like you to call me that.
Yukie: Y-You called me by my nickname too... *gulp*
Yukie: I-Iyo-chan.
Iyo: Yes.
Yukie: Aha...
Iyo: Mayucchi!
Yukie: Yes!
Iyo: Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Oh yeah!
Yukie: ...Aha!
Iyo: Heheh...
Yukie: Oh right. Iyo-chan, do you want to go to the wind chime market?
Iyo: Oh, isn't that at the Kawakami Temple?
Yukie: Yes. We could go after class on Monday?
Iyo: Yes, yes, let's go.
Iyo: Right, tomorrow is the Kawakami City Stamp Rally.
Iyo: You'll be running, right?
Yukie: Yes, I've already registered.
Iyo: Good luck. I can't really run, so...
Yukie: I promise I'll do well!
Iyo: *munch* Mayucchi, would you like some of my sweets?
Yukie: Thank you very much.
Iyo: I don't know what it is, but I just like to be constantly munching on something.
Iyo: I'm afraid it'll make me fat, but I just can't stop.
Yukie: You have nothing to worry about. You're so thin!
Iyo: But you know how fat can sneak up on you, even if you don't see it.
*The two continued their girly chat as they headed home.*
*It was the day of the Kawakami City Stamp Rally.*
*Energy filled the area in front of Kawakami Station.*
Kawakami Mayor: There's so many people here. A thousand, maybe?
Kawakami Mayor: The roads feel so open, since we banned driving on the streets...
Kawakami Mayor: But I fear too many of them will get heatstroke.
Tesshin: We'll watch over each and every one of them.
Kawakami Mayor: Thank you for that. We couldn't have done this without your and the Temple's support.
Tesshin: Oh, we have to participate in revitalizing the city.
Tesshin: Volunteering trainee monks to be staff and judges is easy enough.
Lu: This is simply another element of their training. I will be helping as well.
Kazuko: Tch. I have to help staff? I wanted to run.
Momoyo: You're telling me. How can they keep us beautiful flowers in the back?
Momoyo: Yamato and everyone else gets to run. Lucky them.
*Meanwhile, as for Naoe Yamato...*
Yamato: I'll lead, you run. Got it?
Yukie: Yes. I'll break a leg. Both legs, even.
Yamato: We'll split the prize in half.
Yukie: Yes. There's three autographs, which leaves one for each of us.
Yamato: Yeah, with the last one going to our spy on the inside.
Yamato: So by and large, I want you to follow the instructions on this paper.
Yukie: Yes! I memorized it last night, so I'll be fine.
Yamato: Nice, that's good to hear. If anything comes up, don't hesitate to call.
Yukie: But after you did all this groundwork, all I have to do is run? I feel like I'm not holding up my end of the bargain.
Yamato: Running's probably the hard part. This is more than fair.
Yamato: My legs aren't fast enough for me to follow my own plan, so it's up to you!
Yukie: Okay, I'll run as if my life depends on it!
Matsukaze: It's finally the day for me to gallop!
Yamato: Yeah, running's the most important thing. I'm counting on you.
Hideo: Now off with you, Azumi!
Azumi: I, Azumi, promise to bring you victory!
Yamato: Oh, if it isn't Kuki.
Hideo: Mwahahaha, Naoe Yamato! So you too send your pawn in your stead?
Yamato: I prefer the term 'partner', but you're not wrong.
Hideo: We too shall deliver unto her orders, steering Our pawn across the board that she might win!
Hideo: All that We might obtain that autograph!
*Hideo pointed at the prize stand.*
*At the very top was displayed the autograph.*
*Everyone was snapping pictures of it from afar.*
Yamato: Oh, so even you can't get an autograph from him.
Hideo: Tsutsuji-san is a stubborn man. Money means nothing to him.
Hideo: Fushikawa is also a fan of Space Kobra.
Yamato: Oh, you're participating, too?
Kokoro: Even the Fushikawa name did not get me his autograph.
Kokoro: I always obtain what I want!
Kokoro: I am in this to win! I shall not lose!
Yukie: N-Nor will I!
Azumi: ...Can you really run in that kimono?
Kokoro: I could ask you the same question, maid!
Kokoro: Though moreover, I shall be using a skateboard.
Yamato: (In a kimono? I feel like that can only end in disaster.)
Miyako: Yamato, I borrowed Gouram. (That's the nickname for my bike.)
Yamato: Oh, Miyako, you're also playing? Wait, you're using my bike?
Azumi: I don't know if you'll be able to corner tightly enough on that
Azumi: No, there's simply nothing better than one's own legs.
Miyako: I won't know unless I try.
Yukie: Wait, wasn't Chris-san coming?
Miyako: Now that you mention it, I haven't seen her.
*A stir ran through the crowd.*
Chris: Go forth, Hamachidori!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! A genuine horse -- truly, a most interesting selection!
Miyako: Can we all pretend we don't know her?
Matsukaze: That horse thinks he's so hot, just 'cause he's life-sized and ridable.
Yukie: But no one's more soothing than you, Matsukaze, so cheer up.
*It looked like everyone was here.*
Hideo: Yamato! Those of us who are not running ought to step aside.
Yamato: Yeah, you're right. It's time we backed up.
Yukie: I'll bring home the autograph, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Right on!
Hideo: What say you to a ride in Our helicopter? Your phone will still work up there.
Yamato: Why would you invite me?
Hideo: Oh? We have both have sent a pawn onto the board...
Hideo: This is what they'd call a battle of intellect, is it not?
Yamato: You've got a point. Picking the right runner's part of the game too.
Hideo: Though Our mind may be second to Touma's, it is third to none!
Yamato: ...You do always come in second on the semester finals.
Hideo: Will your skill as a tactician triumph?
Yamato: Or will your precise directions carry the day?
Hideo: Exactly. Let Us fight with honor.
Yamato: Let's do this!
Hideo: Again and again have We won such duels as this.
Hideo: Such is Our past, and so too will it be Our future! Mwahahaha!
*He laughed confidently.*
*Yet at the time, he didn't realize...*
*That I laughed too, and with no less confidence.*
*.........*
Kawakami Mayor: Now then, the first checkpoint will be the Kawakami Temple!
Reporter Yukihiro: Ladies and gentlemen, we have the first destination -- and it's a far one!
Kawakami Mayor: On your marks, go!
*The starting gun echoed over the screams of the crowd.*
Chris: Hamachidori, forward! Heeyah!
Reporter Yukihiro: Chris of Kawakami Academy immediately jumps to the front of the pack!
Reporter Yukihiro: Her horse definitely gives her a quick acceleration!
*We watched the scene play out on TV.*
Hideo: Chris is nothing if not dignified. Yet Our Azumi is no less so.
Yamato: Same with my Mayucchi.
Reporter Yukihiro: A few runners are keeping up with the horse!
Reporter Yukihiro: Yes, it's Mayuzumi Yukie and Oshitari Azumi, both on foot!
Reporter Yukihiro: They're overtaking the horse! I don't believe it!
Hideo: We have not fallen behind.
Hideo: Furthermore, Our maid has the intelligence to match.
Azumi: You're all bunched up! Now's my chance!
Yukie: (She slowed down and laid something on the road.)
Reporter Yukihiro: A bike's racing after the lead pack -- but it popped a tire?
Reporter Yukihiro: Not just one! Bike after bike is getting flat tires!
Kawakami Mayor: Mngh, caltrops are not a direct attack... It's legal!
Azumi: That, civvies, is how you win.
Kokoro: I suspected you would perform such vile acts, Azumi!
Miyako: I can simply see where she laid them, as an archer.
Kosugi: A keen eye saves lives! Whoa, whoa!
Miyako: Musashi-san, I didn't know you were running. (She was a fellow member of the Archery Club that Miyako rarely attended.)
Kosugi: I won't lose, Shiina-senpai.
Reporter Yukihiro: Whoa, some still made it through the caltrops!
Reporter Yukihiro: Musashi Kosugi, freshman at Kawakami Academy, speeds through the streets on roller skates.
Chris: Heh, I have myself a strong lead!
Chris: Wait. Why is no one behind me?!
Reporter Yukihiro: Chris is still too new to know all the good shortcuts!
Reporter Yukihiro: Meanwhile, everyone else is taking those shortcuts straight to the Temple!
Chris: Tch. Yet I have a horse. I shall win!
Yamato: Good, I like your route. Keep up the pace, Mayucchi.
Hideo: Your pawn is talented, Yamato. She has taken the shortest route by far.
Yamato: There's not much to complain about your maid's route, either.
Lu: Okay, I'll stamp your cards!
Yukie: Hello, Yamato-san? I'm getting the stamp right now.
Yukie: Your next destination is the iron factory.
Yamato: Follow the planned route.
Yukie: Yes sir!
Hideo: What, you see no need to be more precise?
Yamato: Well, like I said, I picked a skilled pawn.
Hideo: ...Azumi! We shall henceforth inform you of the shortest route to the iron factory.
*So continued the stamp rally.*
Hideo: Azumi, We have for you your next instructions!
Azumi: Will do, Hideo-sama!
*Hideo's accurate instructions placed Azumi in second.*
Azumi: Next, I'll dig a pitfall right... Here!
*As she carried out her orders, she continued to lay traps for her foes.*
*But Kokoro knew full well Azumi's style, and so could slip around the other woman's traps.*
*Miyako and Musashi Kosugi followed at her heels.*
*As for Chris...*
Chris: Wh-Where am I?!
*Her horsepower had carried her too far afield, now she was lost.*
*As for Yukie...*
Yukie: Yamato-san, I've passed the fifth checkpoint.
*She had herself a solid lead in first.*
Hideo: ...How large the gaps widens.
Yamato: Yeah, sorry to blow you out of the water like this. She's just that good.
Yamato: Though really, all that sabotage work you're doing is just slowing her down.
Hideo: Mwahahaha, no need to be curt.
Yamato: At this rate, there's no stopping her.
Hideo: Have you not heard the saying that the nail that sticks out gets hammered down?
Hideo: Your lead has grown too vast. Here come the obstacles.
Yamato: How do you lay a trap for someone in first?
Hideo: No traps. Direct attacks, We presume.
Yamato: Then they'd be disqualified.
Hideo: Fushikawa Kokoro has at her command heavy authority.
Kokoro: Nngh... At this rate, I can never overtake the first.
Kokoro: It is time to execute the plan!
Yukie: ...?! Other participants? Why are they heading for me instead of the checkpoints?
Fushikawa's Assassin: There she is, the top runner! Prepare yourself!
Yukie: Wawawa, you're attacking me?
Fushikawa's Assassin: Sorry, but you're not getting through here.
Matsukaze: Y'all gonna get your asses in jail!
Yukie: Such is the fate of assassins!
Fushikawa's Assassin: Look, just listen!
Fushikawa's Assassin: We don't care if we're eliminated. This was our role from the start.
Yamato: ...Mmm, unexpected obstacles?
Hideo: Indeed. One must consider the possibility that another would preparatively hire commoners to crush those in the lead.
Hideo: One with such a lead cannot escape the eyes of the camera, nor the eyes of her assailants.
Hideo: And thus the nail that sticks out gets hammered down, leaving the second nail free to--
Yamato: I naturally anticipated something like this might happen.
Fushikawa's Assassin: Wh-What?!
Gakuto: This is where we big damn heroes come in!
Tadakatsu: You keep on runnin'! I plan on earnin' my pay!
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Fushikawa's Assassin: Wai-
Yamato: I'm sure you know my friend Gakuto. The big guy?
Yamato: He doesn't really stand out, not when he's in the shadow of all the samurai girls...
Gakuto: Handsome Clothesliner! Blamooooo!
Fushikawa's Assassin: Gaahhhh!
Yamato: But even just his hand strength is off the charts.
Tadakatsu: When you just want a wall, you're a damn strong one, Shimazu.
Gakuto: Yeah. The simpler the order, the stronger I get.
Kokoro: What?! The interference attempt largely failed?!
Hideo: So you already employed soldiers that could free her way.
Yamato: Of course. There's no way we're not getting that autograph.
Yamato: And when I get serious, Kuki, I don't back down.
Hideo: Enough talk. That match has only just begun.
Hideo: Behold! Though you were not stopped, Azumi has closed the gap, with the others close behind!
Yamato: Huh, so she has.
Hideo: As We suspected, Mayuzumi Yukie spent too much energy in the opening stages.
Hideo: The fault lies with you, Yamato, for not instructing her to preserve her energy.
Yamato: ...Sure, great, can you give me some quiet? I'm on the phone.
Azumi: We've captured the lead!
Miyako: Mn, good thing I've kept nibbling at your heels!
Kosugi: There's still no way to know who'll win!
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Azumi: Hahaha, you're exhausted! Eat my dust!
Miyako: Mine too!
Kokoro: You took too early a lead! Though I suppose I should not expect a freshman to pace herself!
Kosugi: See ya, Mayuzumi-san!
*The others finally overtook her.*
*--The sixth checkpoint, at the Tama River's riverbank.*
Momoyo: Here, I'll stamp your cards.
Momoyo: The final goal is Kawakami Academy's main gate!
Azumi: We have to turn around and recross the bridge?!
*Azumi, who was in first place, sprinted off.*
Miyako: I have to hurry too.
Kokoro: Nnngh, why must I be in third?
Kosugi: Oh, Mayuzumi-san just got here!
*She arrived just as Miyako, Kokoro, and Kosugi -- 2nd, 3rd, and 4th place, respectively -- left the sixth checkpoint.*
Momoyo: So it'll come down to those three... Hm?
Hideo: Sprint to the bridge, cross it, and arrive at school, Azumi!
Yamato: She's outrunning people on bikes and on skates... Your maid is something else.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. Azumi is not one to be taken lightly!
Hideo: She has not pulled Our rickshaw day after day for nothing!
Hideo: At this rate, Azumi shall run away with this!
Yamato: ---I'm afraid I just can't let that happen.
Hideo: ...Who have you been calling on that phone of yours.
Yamato: Oh, just my helpers.
*It was a far cry to the other shore of the Tama River.*
*The only way across was the bridge.*
*Yet the trip to the school was a short one as the crow flew.*
*The only problem was how to cross the river.*
Class D Student: All right, let's all line up!
*Yet at that moment, on the direct line to the school on the far shore...*
Class E Student: Damn, you work us to the bone!
*...Eight dinghies came together to form a path.*
Class A Student: Well, I can't say no to Naoe-chan!
*Each of the rowers found out where they were supposed to be and lined up perfectly.*
Hideo: Yamato... What have you done?!
Yamato: It was a lot of work, but... Using connections to win has always been my style.
*The eight boats lined up side-by-side, an even gap between each pair.*
Yukie: Here I go!
Yukie: Hassou Tobi!
*Yukie lightly leapt from boat to boat.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! You would with boats craft a sham bridge?
Yamato: Man, I came up with that plan on a lark. I didn't think it would actually come in handy.
Hideo: A poor jest. You clearly knew beforehand the route the runners would take.
Hideo: Otherwise, you would never spend so much on such a grandiose plan!
Yamato: C-Come on, sometimes it's just a coincidence.
*--The night before.*
Yamato: Sir, think you can you slip me the destinations for tomorrow?
Bookstore Owner: The hell're ya talkin' about, ya idiot?!
Yamato: Whoa! Don't try to hit me just for asking!
Yamato: You've got to know. Your store was listed as one of the sponsors.
Bookstore Owner: That doesn't mean I'm gonna tell ya.
Yamato: Tsutsuji-san's autographs come in a set of three.
Bookstore Owner: ...And?
Yamato: If this works out, one of those could be yours.
Bookstore Owner: Ya think I'd be game for such an underhanded tactic, ya idiot?!
Yamato: Whoa. Please, I'm telling you, stop trying to hit me.
Bookstore Owner: Besides, if the autograph turned up with me, everyone'd know we conspired.
Yamato: You misunderstand. Officially, I'd just be lending it to you.
Bookstore Owner: Huh?
Yamato: Let's say I win the autographs. I wouldn't have a clue how much they're worth, but maybe a certain friend knows a bookstore owner...
Yamato: Maybe I could lend it to him so he could figure out the price, and if he hung it up in his store in the meantime, so be it.
Yamato: If customers flock to see such a rare item, everybody wins.
Bookstore Owner: You're the scum of the earth, ya idiot.
Bookstore Owner: That's not how a man should act!
Yamato: With all due respect, I hear your store's been suffering as of late.
Bookstore Owner: Pay your elders proper respect! My problems ain't nothin' for ya to worry about!
Yamato: (I'll never persuade him at this rate. Time to switch gears.)
Yamato: Just between you and me, I already know most of what I need to know.
Bookstore Owner: Huh? What'd ya say, ya idiot?
Yamato: Kawakami Temple... Kawakami Academy... Yokoshimaya Mizonokuchi...
Bookstore Owner: Huh?! Ya already know the checkpoints!
Yamato: (The list of sponsoring businesses, coupled with the distances to various landmarks, made a number of the checkpoints clear enough.)
Yamato: There's plenty of other people willing to talk.
Bookstore Owner: Those sons of... Y'all idiots.
Yamato: I'm simply looking for confirmation.
Yamato: And you don't even need to tell me directly.
Yamato: Maybe you just grumble to yourself, and I happen to overhear you.
Bookstore Owner: ...You've been a sly one ever since ya were a kid, ya idiot.
Bookstore Owner: Screw it. This hurts, but I'll talk.
*And so he happened to let slip the checkpoints and their order.*
*All that remained was to use a map to find the shortest route.*
*Which did take most of the night, but...*
*I'd been able to give Mayucchi a manual with all of my plans.*
*The Hassou-Tobi, or 8-Boat Jump, was simple in theory, but I was honestly blown away by everyone's performance.*
Hideo: A splendid plan, yet victory shall still be Ours.
Yamato: Hmm?
Hideo: How oft have We said that We were born under a star of victory?
*Hideo called Azumi.*
Hideo: We have been had, Azumi. Behold what lies to your rear.
Azumi: Huh--Gh?!
*In the far distance, she saw Yukie leaping from boat to boat.*
Miyako: Why would you stop to look... Oh!
Kosugi: What's going... Gaaaassss!
*The four in the lead pack immediately realized the weight of the situation.*
*The boats would soon row away, so they couldn't follow her.*
*The bridge was too long a detour.*
Yamato: Fushikawa said she was in this to win, but...
Yamato: The match was over before she even started playing.
Miyako: We've been outplayed...
Kokoro: I-Is this it...?
Kosugi: What they said...
*The three hung their heads in defeat.*
Hideo: Defeat is not Our intent. Is that clear, Azumi?
Azumi: Crystal clear!
Azumi: Maid -- Cast Off!
Kosugi: Sh-She stripped?
Azumi: Maid -- Clock Up!
Miyako: And now she's swallowed a drug? She's doping?!
*Azumi unhesitatingly dove into the river.*
Azumi: You don't know what you're messing with, you friggin' twit!
*She coursed across the river.*
Yamato: Wow... She's swimming after her?
Hideo: Yamato, your chicanery is no match for Our overwhelming might.
Yamato: That's a lot of confidence you've got there, Kuki.
Hideo: Failure here is not an option, for We are royalty!
*Momoyo watched the final two competitors in action.*
Momoyo: One last sprint for the finish line, eh?
Kazuko: Who do you think's gonna win, Onee-sama?
Momoyo: If I'm right...
Momoyo: Azumi wins...
Momoyo: With a 99.9999% probability.
Yukie: All right! One last dash!
*Having cleared the last boat, Yukie entered her final straightaway.*
*Hot on her heels was Azumi, who was fresh out of the water.*
Tesshin: So, who will cross the goal line first?
Tesshin: I shall judge this photo finish.
Yamato: The water has to be weighing too heavy on Azumi.
Hideo: Your Mayuzumi Yukie is on the brink of exhaustion.
Azumi: Whooooooaaaaaa!
Yukie: Awawawawa!
*The distance between them closed.*
Hideo: The difference, then, is who has more oft stared death in the face and lived to tell the tale!
Hideo: It is a question of will! And We have faith in Azumi!
Yamato: Mayucchi, I'm counting on you!
Hideo: Go, Azumi!
Azumi: Ahhhhh, Hideo-samaaaaaaa!
*Unwilling to lose, Azumi dove forwards.*
*Stretched out her arm. Dislocated it, to stretch it even farther.*
Yukie: Huh?!
*Extending her reach just enough...*
*To break the plane of the goal line faster than Mayucchi.*
Tesshin: Yes, the winner is Oshitari Azumi!
*Tesshin magnified his voice, letting the name of the winner echo about.*
Hideo: Mwahahahahaha! Splendidly done, Azumi!
Yamato: ......
Hideo: Naoe Yamato, the Golden Rule with which We were born grants Us such an edge.
*Third place was Kokoro, followed by Miyako and Kosugi.*
*And so the curtain closed on the stamp rally.*
Kawakami Mayor: Well done, everyone! Let's now transition to the award ceremony.
Hideo: Mwahahaha... How thrilling this was.
Hideo: Though willpower alone determined the end, a victory is a victory.
Kawakami Mayor: Now, the third place prize!
Yamato: ...Heh. Heheh.
Hideo: What is so humorous, Yamato?
Yamato: Sorry, but I couldn't hold it back any longer.
Yamato: I guess you could say I lost the battle, but won the war.
Hideo: Yamato, to be a poor loser speaks ill of a man.
Yamato: The city sponsored this. You really don't get what that means, do you?
Yamato: It means the mayor selected and prepared every last prize.
Hideo: And what of it?
Yamato: You don't understand our mayor's personality at all.
Kawakami Mayor: And now, the second place prize!
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Kawakami Mayor: Here!
Kawakami Mayor: You showcased extraordinary effort...
Kawakami Mayor: And so you win the showcase prize: Tsutsuji's three autographs!
Azumi: Huh?
Hideo: What?!
Kawakami Mayor: And now, finally, the first place prize!
Yamato: We've done enough lottery drawing to know...
Yamato: That he always custom-orders a statue of himself from Busts-R-Us for the grand prize.
Yamato: He's a bit of a narcissist. He couldn't change his ways if he tried.
Kawakami Mayor: Surprise! For your ultimate performance, we have the ultimate prize: A bust of me!
Hideo: Huh?! We need not such a thing, you simpleton!
Yamato: Congrats! It's all yours!
Yamato: I hope you like it.
Hideo: You...
Yamato: We'll just have to content ourselves with the second-place prize.
Hideo: Should We presume you took second place on purpose?!
Yamato: No need to blow a fuse.
Yamato: That bust will probably sell for a lot of money on the open market.
Yamato: Though I suppose the Kuki Conglomerate is already flush with cash.
Yamato: Our goal was always the autographs! But even then, it still sucks to have lost.
Hideo: When did you realize the autographs would be the second place prize?
Yamato: When I rewatched the announcement on the rules, something seemed fishy.
Yamato: He called it the showcase prize, but never said it was for first place.
Yamato: And the broadcast also said only some of the prizes were on display.
Hideo: ...How could this be?
Hideo: Such a surprise as this, for a citywide event?!
Yamato: It was pretty hard, coming in second on purpose.
Yamato: But we came through, thanks to a certain eternal victor.
Hideo: You allowed Us the victory...?
Hideo: You are not a man to take lightly, Yamato. You will even accept defeat in pursuit of your goals.
Yamato: That's right... And now the autographs are ours.
Yamato: Mayucchi did an amazing job selling it.
*But at the time, we had no way to know...*
*That this was simply the first skirmish of a broader conflict.*
*.........*
Kokoro: Oooh... Curse this loss!
Kokoro: I have no need for the tickets to Hakone.
Kokoro: Ugh... Why can't I win?
Yukie: U-U-U-U-U-Umm!
Kokoro: Nyowah!
Kokoro: Mayuzumi...! What brings you here? I'll throw you!
Yukie: Err, umm... Here. Have one of Tsutsuji-san's autographs.
Yukie: I wouldn't have any idea how much it's worth. Would you like it?
Kokoro: What?! Are you sure?!
Yukie: ...Y-Yes.
Kokoro: How commendable of you... Mm?!
Kokoro: ...No, I need it not!
Yukie: Huh? But...
Kokoro: If you would do this, then bring me all three!
Yukie: I-I only have the one as my share of the prize.
Kokoro: That is not my problem. Give me all three!
Yukie: H-How can you say that...?
Kokoro: ...Some are those who would say such things.
Kokoro: Beware of such conceited individuals.
Yukie: Huh?
Kokoro: I need not that autograph, Mayuzumi.
Kokoro: I do not like being the object of charity.
Yukie: Oh, I-I'm sorry I wasn't more considerate.
Kokoro: Furthermore, I am your senior.
Yukie: I'm sorry!
Kokoro: ...You are a rare creature.
Yukie: How so?
Kokoro: Normally I am subjected to the sneers of those who defeat me...
Kokoro: But not only do you not sneer, you speak to me with kindness.
Kokoro: Truly, you are an odd one.
Yukie: Um, err, there's something I wanted to ask you.
Kokoro: I know not what question you might have...
Kokoro: But given my mental state, surely there is a better time than now?
Yukie: R-Right, of course...
Kokoro: ...Ah, enough. What is it?
Yukie: As I told you before...
Yukie: I want to be friends with you, Fushikawa-san.
Kokoro: Mm...?
Yukie: However, I will not leave the Kazama Family as a condition to do so.
Yukie: Does that really mean we can't be friends...?
Kokoro: ...Oh, I did say something of the sort, now that you mention it.
Kokoro: Yukie, that was a spur of the moment statement. You need not pay it such heed.
Yukie: Huh?! R-Really?!
Kokoro: ...Kh.
Kokoro: Ahahaha! You are a funny one.
Kokoro: Very well. I will unconditionally be your friend!
Yukie: Aha!
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Kokoro: Are you happy? Good, good, that is wonderful to see.
Kokoro: ...So, now that we are friends, what next?
Yukie: C-Could I have your contact information?
Kokoro: Oh, y-yes, of course.
Yukie: Use the share feature...?
Kokoro: The what?
Yukie: Huh? But haven't you done it with your friends in your class? I haven't, but...
Kokoro: O-Oh! Yes! How could I forget? Of course!
Kokoro: I know exactly how to do it. Umm... I do this, then this.
Yukie: Ah, yes! Thank you so much!
Kokoro: I am a genius, if I do say so myself, to be able to follow along.
Yukie: (I've become friends with Fushikawa-san too!)
Matsukaze: (You go girl!)
*So progressed Mayuzumi Yukie's plan to make a hundred friends...*
*That morning, on the way to school...*
Momoyo: Oh, so you made another friend.
Yukie: Yes!
Momoyo: Nice. Keep up the good work.
Yukie: I will. I'm beginning to think I can actually do it.
Momoyo: But keep this in mind, Mayu-Mayu.
Momoyo: Becoming friends isn't the end goal. If anything, it's the start.
Momoyo: It's a long road ahead of you, but good luck!
Yukie: ...Okay! Thank you so much!
Momoyo: By. The. Way...
Momoyo: I loved your Hassou-Tobi across the Tama River.
Momoyo: But I know you can do more than that.
Yukie: I-I...
Momoyo: I can't wait to see how strong you truly are.
Momoyo: I'll take you on anytime, anywhere. Me, the Goddess of War.
Yukie: ......
Momoyo: Well, whenever you're ready.
Momoyo: Yeah... Hm...?
Momoyo: ...A conch-shaped cloud. That's an omen of war.
Momoyo: ...I get the feeling something's about to happen.
*We were in practical philosophy.*
Yamato: Huh? Where's Capt?
Gakuto: He's sleepin' on the rooftop. He only just got back from Okinawa too.
Yamato: He really must like it up there...
*Probably because it brought him close to the sky and let him feel the wind.*
Kyojin: A wedding ring's supposed to be like a talisman.
Chika: Isn't it how men with cute faces keep the ladies away?
Ikurou: That's nothing Beardy's ever had to worry about.
Kyojin: Well, let me finish. Ogasawara just suggested wearing a wedding ring tells women you're not interested. You would think so, wouldn't you?
Kyojin: But you know, there's vixens out there who will say 'I'm married too, so now we're even.'
Kyojin: Their type won't hesitate to prey on you.
Ikurou: Whoa. I don't know whether to be scared or jealous.
Kyojin: I'm telling you, it's just scary. And speaking of things that are scary...
Kyojin: Boys, if you don't practice safe sex, you'll wind up praying the girl's period comes on time.
Kyojin: Make it too obvious, and when she does get her period, she'll say 'It came. So lucky you.'
Ikurou: Ugh, that's a downer.
Chika: So, like, are you trying to tell us to use contraception?
Haguro: Sex Ed was ages ago.
Kyojin: Nah, that's wrong. I just want to warn boys not to seek any emotional support from girls. That's an illusion.
Suguru: Precisely. You took the words straight from my lips.
Suguru: There is no soothing, no dreams to be found in reality's embrace.
Gakuto: What if we're just lookin' for sexy times?
Kyojin: You do you, but I want this to stay serious. If I hear any dirty jokes, I'm breaking out the yellow cards.
Chika: ...That seems rude. Chris, what do you think?
Chris: I am afraid I am lost. Are these vixens venomous?
Chika: Ahaha... Well, I guess we can let them talk.
Yamato: ......
*When the conversation turned to love, my thoughts turned to Mayucchi.*
*...I loved her, didn't I?*
*--During a perfectly ordinary lunch break.*
Shouichi: Dude, Okinawa was so sweet!
Gakuto: You'd better not say you're sick of it once August is here!
Shouichi: ...This is dull. Might as well get some food.
*Just another regular lunch, where Capt would come up with some crazy idea as soon as he was done eating.*
Ikurou: Oh right, wasn't there going to be some martial arts royalty on today's talk show?
Gakuto: Really? Who is it? Some macho man?
Chika: Wow, martial arts royalty? Wanko, do you know who it is?
Kazuko: Hmm, I wonder. Maybe it's Messi of Argentina?
*Everyone wound up turning towards the TV.*
Host: Today's guest is Dubai's king of martial arts, Misuma-san!
Host: With a perfect record of 123 KO's in 123 fights, Misuma-san wield both the power of the fist and the power of the purse in his kingdom!
Kazuko: Oh, Misuma? Yeah, he has been popular recently.
Chika: You really know a lot about that stuff, huh.
Kazuko: I read about him in Deathmatch Monthly, a well-regarded martial arts magazine.
Kazuko: I guess he's rich, but he's decently strong anyways.
Ikurou: Oh, here he is. Hmm, so that's Misuma.
Misuma: I've got a message for all the bitches out there.
Misuma: You're all gonna follow me back to my hotel and give me head.
Misuma: Make me cum, and you'll get a hundred million.
*Shrieks of glee rose from the in-studio audience.*
Misuma: Pathetic... You are mere sheep who lose all thought of pride at the first sight of money.
Takuya: What sort of man is he?!
Haguro: Wait -- a hundred mill? I'm so givin' him a night to remember!
*Several of the girls in class nodded in agreement.*
*Miyako didn't seem interested, and neither Wanko nor Chris seemed to understand what he meant.*
Haguro: So Chikarin, I know you're in.
Chika: As if. I'd never do that with someone I don't like.
Mayo: Exactly! I mean, it's practically vulgar!
Haguro: This is on a different level. We talkin' a hundred mill here. A hundred!
Host: D-Do you think we'll stand for this?!
Misuma: You cannot stop me. I have money, and I have power. Nothing is true and everything is permitted.
Misuma: The world bows before such overwhelming power!
Ageha: Mwahahaha! With that We agree, oh false king!
Host: Who're you?!
Ageha: Kuki Ageha of the Kuki Conglomerate graces you with Our presence!
Ageha: Mwahahahaha! We shall make this place Our own!
Misuma: ...The Kuki girl? I had heard you dabbled in martial arts, but... Heh. Did you lose your mind?
Ageha: We simply thought this public event would be the perfect place to crush you who would claim to be king.
Misuma: Ten seconds. Ten seconds is all it will take...
Misuma: To make you crawl on the floor like a pig.
Ageha: Mwahahaha! You will find that We are not fond of bullying the weak...
*Ten seconds later.*
Misuma: Mercy... Please... Mercy...
*Kuki Ageha triumphed over Misuma without a scratch on her.*
Ageha: This is the end, false king.
Misuma: Pigaaahhhhhhhh!
Ageha: Behold, ladies and gentlemen: this is the man who dared call himself king.
Ageha: Though strength he did have, he was weak in Our eyes.
Ageha: The world of martial arts is not so shallow as that!
Ageha: Thus We have for you an important announcement.
Ageha: This was but a demonstration. The main event shall be at seven tonight, broadcast live to the entire world via MHK.
Ageha: Be sure to tune in! Mwahahahaha!
*The class buzzed at the news.*
Suguru: What the heck? How can the king of the world be that weak?
Ikurou: Forget him -- Kuki Ageha was so... damn hot.
Gakuto: Yeah. It's hard to believe she's his sister.
Yamato: Was the man that weak? It didn't look that way.
Chris: I believe Misuma to be strong -- he was simply outmatched.
Chris: Kuki Ageha... She is on the same level as Momo-senpai.
*--Class 2-S.*
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Big sister, you are as flashy as ever!
Kokoro: Goodness, you siblings are equally ridiculous.
Kokoro: Misuma's strength is true... Yet she slaughtered him all the same?
Margit: Kuki Ageha... Like Momoyo, she is one of the Big Four.
Margit: Which means there are two more of their caliber. I cannot wait to meet them.
Azumi: I... am going to have to accompany Ageha-sama tonight.
Hideo: Indeed. You may leave Us in the care of Stacy and Lee.
Hideo: Who knows what response Our foes may make to the announcement of the announcement? Her safety is in your hands.
Azumi: You can count on me, Hideo-sama!
Kokoro: I am not sure if there is a need to protect her so.
*--7:00 p.m.*
*The Japanese people turned on their TV's and awaited Ageha's announcement.*
Announcer: We are now broadcasting live across the world. Interpreting will be Yoshio Anderson.
Ageha: Mwahahaha! We are Kuki Ageha!
Ageha: Our Kuki Conglomerate has this very day annexed the Misuma Conglomerate of Dubai!
Ageha: We are hence the largest corporation in all the world!
Ageha: In commemoration of this event...
Ageha: We will hold a martial arts world tournament: KoS 2009!
Ageha: Our goal is for KoS, or King of Soldiers, to unearth talented warriors who would otherwise go unnoticed.
Ageha: Hence, there are no requirements to enter. Any can participate in this battle royale.
Ageha: It will be a smorgasbord of martial arts prowess.
Ageha: The format is teams -- namely, four-member squads!
Ageha: The battle will be staged in the greatest port city in Asia, which is this year celebrating the 150th year since Japan opened its doors: Nanahama...
Ageha: Along with its great neighbor, the city of Kawakami!
Ageha: It will be a metropolitan battle in these two cities.
Ageha: What are the rules, you ask? The first rule is that there are no rules.
Ageha: Provided, that is, no harm is brought to the civilians there.
Ageha: You may do and use whatever you desire.
Ageha: ...However, We have for you one warning. If you believe firearms to be undefeatable, do not bother coming.
Ageha: We shall prove the foolishness of your ways.
*At her signal, a maid walked up to the podium.*
Ageha: Shoot, Azumi!
Azumi: By your leave, Ageha-sama!
*She fired the shotgun mere feet away from Ageha.*
Ageha: Hmph!
*Yet Ageha caught every pellet with her fingers.*
Ageha: Against those who have overcome even a single barrier of strength, mere firearms are worthless!
Ageha: Bear that in mind if you choose to enter!
Ageha: By the way, the winning team will receive a total prize...
Ageha: Of one chicken dinner and 50 billion yen!
Ageha: This will surely be a tournament of international scale!
Ageha: Emerge victorious, and you will have all the wealth and fame you can imagine!
Ageha:  So come! And win!
Ageha: So says Kuki Ageha. Mwahahahaha!
*A grand tournament with a 50 billion yen prize.*
*The news shook Japan.*
*--The Usami Agency.*
Tadakatsu: Yo pops, you hear that? 50 billion yen.
Kyojin: That's a dangerous sum.
Kyojin: People will come who'll do anything for money.
Kyojin: People like this nasty old man. Heh heh heh.
Tadakatsu: Whoa, hey. Don't tell me you're gonna fight?
Kyojin: It's 50 billion yen. That's worth takin' a risk or two.
Kyojin: But this old man's worried.
Kyojin: The Kuki Conglomerate's got enough money to plop down 50 billion, just like that?
Kyojin: Then there's gonna be a flood of idiots...
Kyojin: Who think it'll be way easier to steal it all instead.
Tadakatsu: You ain't wrong. Well, they're gonna be ready for it.
*............*
Azumi: That was a magnificent speech, Ageha-sama!
Azumi: Now I'm certain the tournament will succeed!
Ageha: Mwahahaha. Busy days are ahead, Azumi.
Ageha: Mmm? Kojuurou isn't coming. Normally, he would run up to Us like a dog.
Azumi: ...I don't see any of the watchmen or security either.
Ageha: What is more, blood lies on the ground.
Ageha: Kojuurou! Are you here?!
Azumi: This is an emergency... Communications are jammed.
Ageha: Who's there?!
Azumi: Show yourself!
Terrorist A: Hahaha, of course you'd sense our presence.
Terrorist B: Then there's no sense hiding.
*Six figures appeared out of nowhere.*
Ageha: Optical camouflage... The same sort being used to wreck havoc in the Middle Eastern conflict.
Azumi: Terrorist scum.
Terrorist C: Yes. We are Invisible Soldier.
Terrorist D: To further perfect this suit...
Terrorist E: We need money, so you're coming with us.
Ageha: Did you think a mere five people could overwhelm Us?
Terrorist C: Of course not. We've brought you a worthy match.
Peach Kid: THIS, MY PREY?
Azumi: A peach tattoo on his face -- he's the mass murderer, Peach Kid!
Azumi: He has an A+ ranking on our watch list, Ageha-sama!
Ageha: So you are the man who wrecks such absurd violence in the cities of China...
*The rank of A+ was reserved for only the most dangerous individuals.)*
Ageha: ...What did you do with the guards and watchmen?
Terrorist C: Oh, we threw the bodies over there.
Terrorist B: But we left them alive. This doesn't have to be personal.
Ageha: ...Whew.
Ageha: (Kojuurou... Thank goodness.)
Ageha: What a useless dolt. We shall punish him later by making him Our chair.
Peach Kid: YOU SUPER PRETTY. AFTER BATTLE FUN TOO!
Ageha: You think you can take Us by force? You are welcome to try.
Ageha: Azumi, the other five We leave to you. He is Ours to best.
Azumi: May I punish them?
Ageha: Indeed, you have Our permission to do so. Let them be punished!
Azumi: Roger!
Peach Kid: THEN START. FIRST, SHOW YOU WHAT CAN DO.
Ageha: Mwahahahaha! You poor fools!
Terrorist B: You idiot! Optical camouflage -- activate!
*The terrorists disappeared into the darkness.*
Azumi: Flash Bomb!
*Azumi jumped into the air and threw a ball at the ground.*
*It exploded, illuminating her surroundings with dazzling light.*
Azumi: ...Yes! I won in a moment of radiance!
Terrorist A: You fool. Our suits make us immune to blinding effects.
Terrorist B: Ugh!
Terrorist C: Ugh!
Terrorist A: My allies are down? Does she know where we are?
Terrorist D: Raahh!
Terrorist E: Gah!
Terrorist A: Kh... We need to fall back.
Azumi: You're the last one.
Terrorist A: How'd you know where to find me?!
Azumi: Even if you're invisible...
Azumi: ...you still have a shadow.
Terrorist A: You used our shadows to find us?!
Azumi: Bye-bye.
Azumi: Shwoosh!
Azumi: Hmph. Mop-up complete.
Ageha: Are you done too, Azumi?
*Peach Kid was smashed into a wall behind Ageha, his bones shattered.*
Ageha: Anyone who would waste time with bluster is not worth speaking of.
Azumi: Well done, Ageha-sama!
Ageha: Let Us wake up our useless comrades and go home.
Azumi: ...I apologize for my men's failures.
Ageha: Think nothing of it. We enjoyed the exercise, and most importantly, no one was harmed.
Ageha: ...Still, an attack already?
Ageha: This tournament promises to be a violent one in its first year.
Ageha: Yet with that We have no complaints. Mwahahahahaha!
*Nee-san looked unsteady on her way to school.*
Momoyo: Oof... Yamato... I'm so listless.
Yamato: Why are you so out of it?
Yamato: Didn't you see my text? It's 50 billion yen!
Momoyo: Yeah, normally I'd be excited...
Momoyo: But they banned me, Gramps, and Assistant Master Lu from the tournament.
Yamato: Oh, you can't enter? That sucks.
Momoyo: She said that anyone can participate, that liar. This is discrimination...
Yukie: I'm sorry for you. Will you be refereeing, then?
Momoyo: That's exactly it. What a waste of time...
Yukie: The same thing happened to you during the stamp rally too...
Momoyo: The only silver lining is that the pay's good.
Kazuko: But she said I can enter!
Momoyo: Nnngh. Wanko, I'm so jealous.
Kazuko: Miyako, let's do our best together!
Miyako: I think the tournament is going to be so high-level that we'll struggle.
Takuya: Oh, you two are entering? Be careful out there.
Miyako: Will do. *nod*
Yamato: What if somebody brings a gun?
Miyako: I'm not that worried about being hit, but it would be bad if I were.
Kazuko: Well, it's going to be a battlefield. We know what we're signing up for.
Kazuko: We won't back down now! Real combat is too cool.
Yamato: Excellent. You're a model warrior.
Takuya: So who else is on your team? Chris?
Chris: Oh, about that.
Chris: I spoke about this with Mar-san last night...
Chris: And we decided to enter the tournament together.
Chris: When Father heard, he became so worried for me that he insisted on participating as well.
Chris: In other words, my team only has one open spot.
Takuya: Okay. Wow, everyone's forming teams so fast.
Chris: Well, in a team battle, nothing is more important than your teammates.
Kazuko: So Mayucchi, you should fight with us!
Kazuko: Miyako, you don't mind, right?
Miyako: I'm all for it.
Yukie: I-If you really want me, then I'd love to!
Miyako: That settles it. And our fourth is Yamato.
Yamato: Me?! What makes you think I'd be any good in a fighting tournament?!
Miyako: It's all right. You'll be my mental support!
Momoyo: Aww, you're all having so much fun without me.
Momoyo: ...Well, if this lets me find new people to challenge, I'll get what I want in the end.
Kazuko: But 50 billion yen... It's too much money for me to even imagine.
Miyako: If we do win, we'll have to have a meeting on how to use it.
Yamato: That's what I'm worried about. I mean, 50 billion yen?
Yamato: Who knows what sort of people are going to enter.
Shouichi: 50 billion, eh? Sweet music to my ears.
Gakuto: You said it. Think of all the love that money could buy!
Shouichi: ...Wanna do it?
Gakuto: ...Yeah, let's enter KoS.
Takuya: Wait, you two are actually going to enter? You can't possibly win.
Momoyo: He's right. You'd be up against the strongest people in the world.
Momoyo: I wouldn't call you weak, Gakuto, but you might be out of your league.
Shouichi: There's still no knowing how they're actually gonna have us fight.
Shouichi: If the game is right, we stand to make ourselves a killing!
Takuya: You got guts, that's for sure...
*Even at school, the tournament was all that was on anyone's minds.*
Kosugi: Then Captain, you're participating, too?
Archery Club Captain: But of course. Musashi Kosugi, let us fight as one.
Kosugi: Yes! Let's do our best!
Kosugi: What sort of warrior would let herself get scared by a stupid gun?
*--On the school rooftop.*
Azumi: So what's this thing what you wanna talk about, Mr. Usami?
Kyojin: I'll be blunt: I want to enter KoS.
Kyojin: But there's no way I can win without some help. That's where you come in.
Kyojin: What do you say to working for me?
Azumi: ...We Kuki servants got the right to enter KoS, you got that much right.
Azumi: Hideo-sama's not interested, and I got the time. I'd be down to enter.
Azumi: But the Kuki family's full of folks what I'd love to have guarding my back.
Azumi: If I'm fighting, it's with them. So get lost.
Kyojin: Don't be so harsh.
Azumi: There's not much point in fighting alongside some old man well past his prime.
Kyojin: Hey, even this old man still remembers how to cut loose.
Azumi: Huh?
*Kyojin's fist had stopped right in front of Azumi's face.*
Azumi: ...What?
*With his fingers pointed straight at her eyeballs, as if to stab right into them.*
Kyojin: You need to be more careful. I could be up two eyes right about now.
Azumi: So the whole idiot routine was just an act?
Kyojin: I wouldn't call it an act. Old lazybones is part of me, but so is this.
Kyojin: I used to get up to all sorts of trouble. Even fought for money.
Kyojin: I retired from all that, but I haven't lost all my old strength.
Azumi: Heh. Didn't have a clue, given what your build looks like.
Kyojin: Well, I take pride in my disguise.
Azumi: Does anyone else got a clue what you got in store?
Kyojin: Just the people who work for me, though the principal probably saw right through me.
Azumi: And now you've decided to finally reveal yourself?
Kyojin: It's hard for this man to say no, the money being what it is.
Kyojin: C'mon, I know you want it too.
Azumi: A simple, natural reason. Can't say I don't like it.
Azumi: ...That ki you've been hiding ain't nothing small.
Azumi: So why'd you back down from living off your fists?
Kyojin: 'Living off my fists'? You make it sound noble, but...
Kyojin: Not every job was for a fair fight. Some work had me ganking some poor sod who never got to see me coming.
Kyojin: Evil work for money that always felt too heavy.
Kyojin: Things got to the point where I couldn't take it anymore.
Azumi: I see...
Azumi: (Hmm... This might be fun.)
Azumi: ...Eh, fine. Why not give my homeroom teacher a helping hand?
Kyojin: Heheh. You're a strong woman to have on my side.
Azumi: But out of all the warriors you could've gone for, why me?
Kyojin: Because you don't hesitate to do whatever it takes to win.
Azumi: Heh, looks like you know me to a T.
Kyojin: Old age has its perks, wouldn't you say?
Azumi: You friggin' shut your mouth, or you're heading for an early grave!
Kyojin: Whew, now I've got a real chance to win.
*Team after team formed up in preparation for the tourney.*
*--That night, Shimazu Dorm.*
Mrs. Shimazu: My okonomiyaki came out perfect today, if I do say so myself.
Yukie: These pickled vegetables taste wonderful as well.
*We were all gathered around the dinner table, eagerly digging in.*
Shouichi: Yeah, your grub's the best there is!
Mrs. Shimazu: Don't think you can butter me up.
Shouichi: I'm begging you, cook for us on Saturdays too!
Mrs. Shimazu: Heheh, not a chance. Cook for yourselves, at least on the weekends.
Shouichi: Tch. Guess there's no way out of having to cook my own food on the weekends.
Yamato: Mm... A phone call?: From Wanko? It can wait.
Yamato: She's calling me again? What's going on over there?
Kazuko: Hey Yamato, are you watching TV right now?
Yamato: Nah, we're all eating dinner right now.
Kazuko: Then turn it on. You won't believe it!
Yamato: Hm? It's just a special on the martial arts tournament, right?
Kazuko: I mean yeah, but -- just watch it already!
Kazuko: It doesn't matter what channel, it's on every one!
Kazuko: Oh, except Televideo Tokyo. They're doing their own thing with some gourmet special.
Yamato: Well, that's what TVT always does. But all right.
*After getting everyone's permission, I turned on the TV.*
Yukie: The Prime Minister?
Yamato: In an emergency press conference? ...But what for?
Prime Minister: Umm, so as I just said...
Prime Minister: As a man, as a warrior, as a samurai...
Prime Minister: I'll be participating in KoS 2009!
Tadakatsu: What, so the Prime Minister himself's steppin' up to the plate?
Miyako: What a crazy idea...
Yukie: My goodness... Mr. Prime Minister, why?
Prime Minister: It's an extension of my political policy.
Prime Minister: I'll achieve a crowning victory, and prove to the world the strength of the Japanese samurai spirit!
Prime Minister: Of course, I'll use all of the prize money to stimulate the economy in the more rural parts of our nation.
Prime Minister: The people of those villages will find themselves with new job opportunities. The patchwork roads will be connected, and the communities saved.
Prime Minister: Having the strongest man in the world as our Prime Minister would give our nation great status on the international stage, and...
Mrs. Shimazu: The Prime Minister himself, duking it out in the streets?
Mrs. Shimazu: What in the world is going to happen next?
Yamato: Since when has his political platform been this off-the-wall?
Shouichi: First cash handouts, now this? Haha, this is gonna be hype!
Yukie: ...But will he be all right?
Announcer: A number of members of the Prime Minister's own party have raised complaints against this action...
Announcer: And it seems likely the opposition will strengthen their pressure on the administration.
Yukie: Aww, I knew there'd be fierce opposition.
Yamato: I mean, of course there is.
Announcer: President Putin also implied in a press conference that he seeks to join the competition.
Yamato: If he wins, he'll be a hero. If he loses, the whole government might fall.
Mrs. Shimazu: You got that right. The opposition will probably send people after him too, looking to take him out of the tournament.
Shouichi: Whoa, that's playin' dirty.
Yamato: That's politics. And the Prime Minister knows it.
Yamato: The real question is, who else will he be fighting with?
Prime Minister: Err, I've already settled on the rest of my team.
Yukie: He says he already has a team. Who could they be?
Prime Minister: Don't intend to reveal them at this time...
Prime Minister: But one is a master with the sword. Another is a master of jujitsu.
Prime Minister: Each is a hero Japan can be proud to show the world.
Prime Minister: Their hearts are as pure as their techniques.
Prime Minister: I promise we will not let you down.
Miyako: He sounds confident.
Shouichi: This isn't a battle he can afford to lose in. They gotta be strong.
Miyako: Strong of body and strong of character. If their hearts aren't noble, the opposition will say he disgraced Japan.
Yukie: Who do you suppose they might be?
*Even the Prime Minister would be competing in the tournament.*
*And so the event dominated the headlines.*
*--The office of the opposition party.*
Mysterious Man: Soga-san, why'd y'summon me so late at night?
Mysterious Man: I ain't a member of CIRO no more.
Mysterious Man: I've got a different job these days.
Mysterious Man: So I haven't a clue how y'expect me to respond.
Opposition Party Member: Now there's no need to be hasty, Shakadou-kun.
Shakadou: 'Sides, this supposed t'be part of some political fight?
Shakadou: It's one thing t'serve my country, but this?
Shakadou: I owe the Prime Minister, y'know?
Opposition Party Member: And who was it who cleaned up the messes you left behind?
Shakadou: ...Eh, there's no denyin' I owe y'one.
Shakadou: But I ain't got beef with the PM.
Opposition Party Member: How about you hear us out first?
Opposition Party Member: We simply want to see a certain pair of people meet with unfortunate accidents.
Opposition Party Member: Each of them is a sublime martial artist... Well?
Opposition Party Member: Here's our reason why. (He proceeded to explain.)
Shakadou: ...Right, that clears that up.
Shakadou: If that's all it is, I'm game.
Shakadou: The PM should've sent word t'me.
Shakadou: He must've only considered those who walk the straight'n narrow.
Opposition Party Member: Exactly. With Kawakami Temple's Master Tesshin unable to compete, you and Heizou are the top two in Japan.
Opposition Party Member: However, the Prime Minister chose to prefer those with honor and dignity, the types the old folks would like.
Shakadou: Which pisses me off, pardon my French.
Opposition Party Member: Then we can trust you to see this through, Shakadou-kun?
Shakadou: But this's the last time, got it?
Shakadou: Unless you want any problems.
Opposition Party Member: We understand. I wouldn't want to ruin our relationship either.
Shakadou: So, time t'arrange some accidents.
Shakadou: Eenie meenie miney mo, who's gonna be their first No Show?
Opposition Party Member: How many men will you need?
Shakadou: Nah, I'm good t'do this alone.
Opposition Party Member: Take a careful look at the data, Shakadou-kun.
Opposition Party Member: One is Mayuzumi 11-dan, the Sword Saint of Hokuriku. The other is Fujiwara, the jujitsu prodigy of Oushuu. Both have experience in real combat.
Opposition Party Member: I can't imagine you losing in a 1-on-1 fight, but we do need you to take out both.
Opposition Party Member: We can't have you take out one, only to be too injured from the fight to eliminate the other.
Shakadou: They're renowned big shots, I'll give'm that.
Shakadou: Mayuzumi in particular's gonna be real dangerous.
Shakadou: But y'know, there's zero chance of me getting hurt.
Opposition Party Member: Oh...? That is quite the confidence you have there, Shakadou-kun.
Shakadou: Heh... You forget about how I used t'be a Kawakami Temple assistant master?
Shakadou: That Mayuzumi guy's supposed t'have already retired anyways.
Shakadou: Might've been trouble back in his prime, but...
Opposition Party Member: That is what I like to hear.
Shakadou: Then lemme get t'the airport. It'll be on your dime, of course.
Opposition Party Member: Must you be so stingy? ...Do as you wish.
Opposition Party Member: ...But those two are the ones the Prime Minister is planning to team up with.
Opposition Party Member: Crush them first, and he will be left alone.
Opposition Party Member: Thus he will be the first eliminated from the tournament, faith in him will plummet...
Opposition Party Member: And his government will fall!
Shakadou: That's one convoluted plan y'got there.
Opposition Party Member: This and all things I do for the future of Japan!
Shakadou: When you're both aimin' for the same thing, you'd think y'all could get along.
*With those words, Shakadou vanished from the room.*
Opposition Party Member: ...Yes, we do both seek the happiness of the people.
Opposition Party Member: But Prime Minister, you are going about it the wrong way.
*--Breakfast, Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: Someone's phone's vibrating.
Chris: Is that not Mayucchi's?
Yukie: Huh? Oh, you're right.
Matsukaze: It's from her ma. What's got her callin' at this hour?
Yukie: Hello? Good morning, Mother.
Yukie: ...Huh?!
Yamato: ......?
Miyako: Something must have happened.
Chris: It sounds dire.
Yukie: Is he all right? ...I see. Yes.
Yukie: Whew, thank goodness. Will it take him a month to heal?
Yukie: ...Yes, of course. I will see you on Obon.
Yukie: Take care.
Miyako: What is it? Did something happen?
Yukie: My father carelessly injured himself. It will take him two months to fully heal.
Mrs. Shimazu: Goodness me, that's horrible news.
Chris: Indeed, especially given that it is your father. Are you sure you should not be rushing home?
Yukie: My mother said the hospital is taking good care of him, so I should concentrate on my studies.
Yukie: It's almost Obon, and I was planning to visit home then anyways, so...
Matsukaze: Her folks are damn good people.
Yamato: ...?
*Mayucchi seemed visibly out of it.*
*Of course she must have been worried about her father, but it seemed like it was more than that.*
Yukie: ...Aww... Yamato-san, nothing slips by you, does it?
Yamato: Something felt off. What happened?
Yukie: ...I feel strangely happy, knowing that you can understand how I'm feeling. I'll tell you everything.
Yukie: The truth is... My father wasn't careless. He was injured in a duel.
Matsukaze: And injurin' my girl Mayucchi's pops takes one hell of a badass.
Yamato: Holy... Someone injured the Sword-Saint?
Yukie: He was challenged by a traveler, and in the course of the duel his right arm was broken.
Yukie: ...Ooh.
Yamato: ...Then he's lucky that it'll only take him two months to heal.
Matsukaze: I said the same thing to try to cheer her up...
Yukie: Those things happen, in a duel, but...
Yukie: I admire my father so. When I think of how his arm's broken, I just...
Matsukaze: Whoa, my girl's burnin' with rage.
Yamato: I know exactly how you feel.
Yukie: I also feel as if someone struck a blow against our style, and...
Yukie: I just don't like this one bit.
Yukie: I'm told he did manage to wound his opponent as well, but...
Yamato: Then it was a draw?
Yukie: Mother watched, and said they were even, if she was being generous.
Yukie: And they still don't know why he came.
Matsukaze: Why the hell'd he beat up your pops just to vanish?
Yukie: I don't like that one bit either!
Yamato: Now, now...
Matsukaze: Whoa there. Settle down, girlie.
Yukie: I'm sorry. I know no one wants to listen to me whine.
Yamato: It's fine, don't worry about it. If anything, I'm glad you opened up to me.
*--The office of the opposition party.*
Announcer: An unknown assailant has injured Fujiwara Michiyuki-san, the jujitsu prodigy of Iwate Prefecture.
Opposition Party Member: Impressive, Shakadou-kun. And it's been all of a day.
Opposition Party Member: Good work. We could not have asked for a faster or more precise work.
Shakadou: The Fujiwara-san they got on the news was one thing, but... Ouch.
Shakadou: Mayuzumi-san wasn't no slouch. He even cut me.
Opposition Party Member: Yet your injuries will heal in a week. Against the Sword-Saint, that's a superb accomplishment by any measure.
Opposition Party Member: Especially given that you fought a swordsman empty-handed.
Shakadou: Sure he was retired, but he earned that title all right.
Opposition Party Member: Well done. Your country thanks you!
Shakadou: Well, I enjoyed gettin' t'have a real fight for t'first time in forever.
Shakadou: But this's it. My main boss ain't gonna be happy if I keep turnin' up injured.
Opposition Party Member: I can only imagine what sort of man could have such a tight grip on you.
Shakadou: Heheh... Y'gotta have two, right? Me t'embody power, my boss t'crave it.
Shakadou: But you'd never believe how old my boss is, I guarantee it.
*--On the banks of the Tama River.*
Yukie: Hah...
*As the setting sun weighed on her, Yukie trudged to her destination.*
Prime Minister: Yo, Yukie-chan. I've been waiting.
*Someone called out to her from inside a car.*
Yukie: M-Mr. Prime Minister!
*She instinctively checked her surroundings.*
Prime Minister: Eh, I don't give a darn if anyone sees.
Prime Minister: They'll think I'm just some look-alike.
Yukie: When you must be so busy, what are you doing here?
Prime Minister: I was doing some paperwork while I waited.
Prime Minister: ...Figured I owed you an apology.
Prime Minister: What with how your father got injured.
Yukie: How did you... You must have quite the sources to know that.
Prime Minister: That ain't it.
Prime Minister: That was my fault.
Yukie: Huh?
Prime Minister: The plan was to enter KoS alongside your old man.
Yukie: Whaaat?!
Prime Minister: I kowtowed to him, saying I was desperate for his help.
Prime Minister: And now... Thanks to that... Thanks to me...
Prime Minister: Someone who wants to see me fail sniffed out that info...
Prime Minister: And made sure my help wouldn't make it to the ring!
Prime Minister: After all, no way I'm gonna win on my own.
Yukie: So that's why... Now everything makes sense.
Prime Minister: I'm sorry! I never thought they'd send someone after him!
Yukie: No, it isn't your fault!
Yukie: The leader of a nation shouldn't bow his head to a high school girl.
Prime Minister: It doesn't matter who we are. You're my friend.
Prime Minister: And when you do wrong by a friend, you apologize.
Yukie: You still don't have to lower your head to me. Please.
Yukie: ...So, did you find a substitute for my father?
Prime Minister: I just stopped by the Kawakami Temple, but there wasn't anyone who could take the Sword-Saint's place.
Prime Minister: The top brass like Assistant Master Lu ain't even allowed in the tournament.
Prime Minister: To be honest, I'm in a bit of a bind.
Yukie: ...I see.
Prime Minister: Eh, nothing you gotta worry about.
Prime Minister: I've got people searching for a sub as we speak.
Prime Minister: There's gotta be someone out there.
Yukie: ...Um.
Prime Minister: Yeah?
Yukie: I need to make a brief phone call, if I could have a minute?
Yukie: ...Yes, that's right. Th-Thank you so much...
Yukie: Umm... Ahem! Thank you for waiting.
Yukie: Wh-Why not me?
Yukie: As his daughter, let me take up his sword!
Prime Minister: Yukie-chan...
Prime Minister: You know how to warm an old man's heart... But it's gonna be hell in there.
Yukie: You can test me if you want. I won't take it personally.
Yukie: But I do think I can help you!
Bodyguard: ...Hey kid, I wasn't gonna say anything, but...
Yukie: Fweh?
Bodyguard: I'm the PM's regular bodyguard, and even I'd be useless in that tournament.
Bodyguard: And you, you're just a girl in school. It's out of your league.
Prime Minister: He's a bona-fide karate-man, with strong performances in international tournaments.
Yukie: Then... If I beat him, would you consider it then?
Yukie: I want to take the field, both for the father I admire...
Yukie: And so I can help you!
Bodyguard: I like your passion... But you need to wake up and face reality.
Bodyguard: Hmph!
*The bodyguard struck the ground, cracking the earth around him.*
Matsukaze: Whoa. Powerful man over here.
Bodyguard: Do you still think you can beat me?
Yukie: I do. Are you ready?
Bodyguard: Then so be it. Bring it o--
Bodyguard: --n...
*No sooner had the word escaped his mouth than the bodyguard collapsed.*
Prime Minister: ...Huh?!
Yukie: I-I'm sorry. I guess I hit him a bit too hard.
Yukie: Are you okay?
Prime Minister: I didn't even see it coming...?
*He was a proud sniper. His eyes were sharp.*
Prime Minister: And yet... Oh, come to think of it...
*Mayuzumi 11-dan the Sword-Saint had told him...*
*...that his daughter had already surpassed him in strength.*
*At the time, he'd thought it the joking boasts of a doting father, but...*
Prime Minister: It was all true... Damn.
Prime Minister: This'll work. I did announce I had a sword-master in tow.
Prime Minister: Math adds up.
Prime Minister: But you sure about this, Yukie-chan? With how strong you are, gotta be some folk who've already asked you to join them.
Yukie: Yes, and I called them earlier to get their understanding.
Prime Minister: So that's what that call was about... Hmm.
Prime Minister: That just leaves the other person I mentioned, the jujitsu master.
Yukie: I think I know just the woman.
Prime Minister: Seriously? Damn, that's awesome.
Matsukaze: Just gotta send word to her. Leave it to me. Pony express: Go!
*.........*
Kokoro: Whatever is so urgent, Mayuzumi?
Yukie: Kokoro-san, you're the only one who can do this for me.
Kokoro: A task doable only by one as graceful as I? In that case...
Kokoro: Noblesse oblige demands I do it.
Prime Minister: Oh, ain't that there missy!
Kokoro: My, if it isn't the Prime Minister.
Yukie: I'm surprised you're not surprised.
Bodyguard: Wait one moment, Prime Minister!
Bodyguard: Are you seriously going to rely on these two girls?
Yukie: I think Kokoro-san is quite strong, especially in close range.
Kokoro: Eh-hem, if you will.
Bodyguard: I-I'll take for your word for it, but...
Bodyguard: The Prime Minister seeks to display the strength and character of Japan.
Bodyguard: Wasn't that why we decided to use people from distinguished families?!
Kokoro: Hohoho. Then you could find none better than I.
Bodyguard: Huh?
Kokoro: I bear the noble name of the house of Fushikawa. Does that change your tune?
Bodyguard: F-Fushikawa? I-It couldn't be...?
Bodyguard: You are the scion of the Fushikawas, one of Japan's three noble houses?
Kokoro: Precisely. Adore me, commoner.
Bodyguard: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Prime Minister: This'll put a bit of a stop to the MPs against me.
Prime Minister: They can't let themselves be seen as being rude to the Fushikawas.
Kokoro: Those who would oppose the authority of a noble house are not long for politics.
Yukie: I never really appreciated how famous you are, Kokoro-san.
Matsukaze: Think I oughta get her autograph later?
Kokoro: Hohoho, you need not stop there.
Prime Minister: Mind if I pick the last guy on my own?
Yukie: Do you have someone in mind?
Prime Minister: No one who really stands out, no...
Prime Minister: Well, I'll figure it out.
Yukie: Umm, in that case, could I maybe make a suggestion?
Prime Minister: Heh. Says the same girl who just brought me the Fushikawa girl.
Prime Minister: If you got someone in store, then I'll sit back and roll with it.
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Yukie: Then I'll call him right now!
Prime Minister: Right, what sort of person is it gonna be this time?
*............*
Prime Minister: Of all the people I expected to see, a regular kid wasn't one of them.
Yamato: I'm sorry to disappoint.
Yamato: But Mayucchi, this is incredible. You're teaming up with the Prime Minister?
Yukie: He is my friend!
Prime Minister: She's kinder than I deserve.
Prime Minister: If you got her stamp of approval, you're in.
Yamato: Huh?! Let me prove myself, please!
Prime Minister: No one gives a damn about that small stuff.
Kokoro: Oh, with me here, you need not worry.
Kokoro: Simply stay put, and we will win this ourselves.
Yamato: Ngh... I don't like being a third wheel. Or fourth, in this case.
Yukie: He's a really good strategic planner!
Yamato: Umm, I don't know if anything I could do would impress the Prime Minister.
Prime Minister: Well, maybe we'll need your kinda folk on our side too.
*I didn't want to join their team and not be a full part of it.*
Prime Minister: Samurai Japan's gonna burst onto the scene, here and now.
Yamato: I don't mean to point out the obvious, but...
Yamato: Are you sure you want to be seen teaming up with a bunch of high school students?
Prime Minister: Eh, I'm already getting plenty of heat just for doing this.
Prime Minister: We need to show results. Nobody complains about a winner.
Yamato: I see.
Prime Minister: I'm counting on you all. The future of Japan's at stake.
Yamato: This feels like a dream made real... I'll do my best.
*I couldn't believe how large-scale things had gotten.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Yukie: ...And so Samurai Japan was reformed.
Kazuko: Wow. When you first called me, I thought you had to be joking.
Chris: You have such passion, Mayucchi. The lengths you go to, for friends and family.
Chris: And you are associating with no less than the Prime Minister himself.
Yukie: I'm so sorry, Kazuko-san, Miyako-san.
Yukie: I know I said I'd be on your team, but... I just...
Miyako: It's no problem. We dragged you onto our team in the first place.
Kazuko: That's right. Don't worry about it.
Kazuko: But we won't hold back if we get matched up!
Yukie: Nor will I! Good luck to you!
Miyako: So Wanko, what about us? Who's number 3 and number 4?
Miyako: We have to figure this out.
Kazuko: Hmm. Ta-chan might... No, I don't think so?
Cookie 2: Hiya! Hiya!
Cookie 2: Heh. Long has it been since I trained so heartily.
Cookie 2: Goodness, if it isn't Kazuko and Miyako! What a coincidence.
Miyako: ...Well? It looks like a certain someone's desperate.
Kazuko: Can robots even enter?
Miyako: The only rule was that there are no rules.
Kazuko: 'Kay, then that makes Cookie our third!
Miyako: Let's all do our best at the tournament.
Cookie 2: Heheheh, what should I do?
Miyako: What a jerk. Hey Wanko, how about we kick him out?
Cookie 2: Wait! I was kidding! Please let me join your team!
Miyako: There you go again...
*Thusly did the teams begin to take shape.*
*Only a few short days remained until the tournament.*
*The city was alive with tournament fever.*
*KoS was just around the corner.*
Kyojin: Whoa, what's this 'KoS lunch'?
Tadakatsu: Everyone's piggybackin'. This'll be a lot of money in our economy.
Kyojin: That's all well and good, but... The scale's getting too big.
Tadakatsu: We got stars, heroes, and braves showin' up from every damn corner of the world.
Tadakatsu: I'm good in a fight, but I ain't that good.
Azumi: Well, when anything goes, y'all can expect something out of me.
Kyojin: We've got some intel on how the contest is gonna be conducted.
Azumi: Oh, nice going. You figure that out on your own?
Kyojin: Yes, since you wouldn't help.
Azumi: I ain't gonna leak confidential information from my own friggin' boss.
Kyojin: Well, aren't you the perfect employee.
Kyojin: Anyways, it's going to go down like this.
Tadakatsu: ...All right, then maybe we do got a chance.
Azumi: Good going. Time for me to start prepping.
Kyojin: Heh heh, I feel like everything's coming up Kyojin.
*............*
Kazuko: Aww... You already have a team, Ms. Ume?
Umeko: Apologies. Though I do appreciate the offer...
Umeko: I have already accepted a spot on Chris's.
Miyako: Excuse me, but did Chris's pushy father insist on it?
Umeko: Yes. He insisted that I give her aid, as her homeroom teacher.
Miyako: Couldn't he have just asked one of his soldiers?
Umeko: With Margit participating, his other men are apparently busy covering for her absence.
Miyako: There they go again...
Miyako: What next, Wanko?
Kazuko: Hmm, nobody else comes to mind.
Umeko: Have you tried asking the She-Devil of Kawakami?
Kazuko: The who? I've never heard of her.
Umeko: Oh, perhaps I shouldn't have run my mouth.
Kazuko: Oh, Ms. Ume! ...Hmm, who could it be?
Miyako: Let's look into it. Maybe it's a clue to someone strong.
Kazuko: 'Kay, leave it to me.
Tesshin: The She-Devil of Kawakami? Yes, of course I know her.
Kazuko: Huh? Who is it?
Tesshin: Shiina, she's your dorm mother.
Miyako: ...Oh, Mrs. Shimazu. Yes, that makes sense.
Kazuko: Oh, Gakuto's mom? She is strong.
Kazuko: But how'd she get that nickname?
Tesshin: Because when she gets mad, her face turns as red as a devil's.
Tesshin: Her look of indignation brings a lifetime of nightmares to all those who see it.
Kazuko: I-It's that scary?
Tesshin: Indeed. Simply put, she strikes fear into all around her.
Tesshin: There's neither rhyme nor reason to it, just sheer terror. And in that simplicity is great strength.
Tesshin: In her youth, everyone in town knew about her.
Miyako: I can't believe she's the same housewife who's now hooked on Korean dramas.
Kazuko: But maybe she'll be our fourth member!
Miyako: Mm-hm!
Tesshin: Oh, so you're looking for a team for KoS 2009?
Tesshin: Perhaps I gave them an edge.
*--The Shimazu Dorm, living room.*
Mrs. Shimazu: No thank you.
Miyako: This is going to be tricky.
Miyako: Aren't you dreaming of the day when you can make it rain blood once again?
Mrs. Shimazu: Who do you think I am? For goodness' sake.
Mrs. Shimazu: I see no reason to waste my time on that tournament.
Miyako: Did you see the prize money?
Mrs. Shimazu: We have enough to put bread on the table. That's all I need.
Mrs. Shimazu: Besides, I'm scary, not strong.
Kazuko: Um, I do have this KPOP star card...
Mrs. Shimazu: I already have that one.
Miyako: (She's tough! ...But she is Gakuto's mom.)
Miyako: ...Our team isn't quite as sexy as we'd like it to be.
Mrs. Shimazu: Mm!
Miyako: Your mature allure is something we'd really like on our team.
Mrs. Shimazu: All right, now I understand you.
Mrs. Shimazu: But I never feel like my makeup looks right anymore...
Miyako: You worry too much. You're beautiful.: (She shot Kazuko a glance.)
Kazuko: Oh, right! You're beautiful!
Mrs. Shimazu: Heheh, is that right? Well, if you insist...
Mrs. Shimazu: Then you have Shimazu Reiko at your disposal!
Kazuko: Wow, that's the best news all day!
Miyako: We've got a really strong team. I can't wait.
*--In front of Kawakami Station.*
Shouichi: I brought Inoue Jun here to be our ringer.
Jun: Yeah, I'll have your back during KoS.
Jun: You can count on me to beat up anyone who's either male or has boobs.
Gakuto: You're fine partin' ways with your regular friends?
Jun: Oh, the Young Master's too busy assisting at the hospital, and Yuki's supporting him there.
Takuya: But even then, are they okay with you hanging out with us?
Jun: They want me to enter and bring them stories to make up for them having to sit out.
Takuya: Wow, you guys are really close. I mean it.
Jun: Aren't you guys the same way?
Gakuto: By the way, you are good in a fight, right?
Jun: Yeah. I might look weak, but I'm pretty strong, I'll have you know!
Jun: But we're going up against world-class people. Honestly, I think we're screwed.
Gakuto: Eh, that just means we get an opportunity to hit them where it hurts.
Takuya: Please just don't get shot. I mean it.
Gakuto: If we win the grand prize, we're splittin' it evenly.
Shouichi: Yeah, the only thing I'm scared of is getting in a fight over all that money.
Jun: Yeah, it's a good idea to agree about that beforehand.
Takuya: But it still feels like we're counting our chickens before they hatch.
Gakuto: That makes four. Let's register right now.
Takuya: Here, I have the waivers and consent forms. There's so many places where we have to sign.
Jun: This sucks, but there's no use fighting lawyers. Where's my pen...
*--Ruling party headquarters.*
Ruling Party Member: Prime Minister, is this really your KoS team?!
Prime Minister: Why are you surprised? My handwriting's clear. They're my choice.
Ruling Party Member: But the rest of them are all students!
Ruling Party Member: And two girls at that! You surely aren't serious.
Prime Minister: I am serious, and don't call me Shirley. Didn't you read the documents?
Ruling Party Member: Yes, and I won't argue that they aren't powerful or of respected families.
Ruling Party Member: But I cannot abide with you seeking help from high school girls!
Prime Minister: It's my best chance to win this.
Ruling Party Member: But the very idea is simply...
Prime Minister: Put some faith in me!
Ruling Party Member: Ugh... The press is going to have a field day with this...
Ruling Party Member: To say nothing of the opposition. You're like a lobster swimming in a pot on top of a stove with a stick of butter on his back.
Prime Minister: Let them talk.
Prime Minister: I'm gonna win, and give the people of this nation something to be happy about.
Ruling Party Member: Great, if they don't die of fright first.
*--Opposition party headquarters.*
Opposition Party Member: Heheh, so the substitutes for the Prime Minister's all-stars are high school students?
Opposition Party Member: First he can't read simple Japanese, and now he can't read their ages?
Opposition Party Member: I respect him as a person, but... He isn't the man this country needs.
Shakadou: And? I said I'm out.
Shakadou: I'm gonna be enterin' KoS myself with my disciples.
Shakadou: So yeah, it's gonna be somethin' like their debut.
Opposition Party Member: Oh? I trust they're strong?
Shakadou: Yeah. Eh, only problem is, they got tempers.
Opposition Party Member: I called you here today because I wanted to impress you.
Shakadou: Even I keep a busy schedule, y'know?
Opposition Party Member: You're already familiar with Cookie, from the Kuki Conglomerate. It's said to be the pinnacle of Japanese technology.
Opposition Party Member: I had the CIRO analyze it...
Opposition Party Member: Then optimize its output for military performance. Behold!
Opposition Party Member: Psycho Cookie 1.
Shakadou: Damn, that's one big robot.
Opposition Party Member: Psycho Cookie 2!
Shakadou: Yeah, that one's big too!
Opposition Party Member: I shall fight in the tournament with them by my side.
Opposition Party Member: Though of course, they'll be hidden at first.
Shakadou: Fightin' the PM with your own two fists? Then you're takin' things seriously.
Opposition Party Member: I am a man. I'll take the field of battle myself.
Opposition Party Member: And if those were the best people he could find... Heheh. Oh so easy.
Shakadou: ...Hm? A phone call? 'Scuse me.
Opposition Party Member: That's the cheapest ringtone I've ever heard...
Shakadou: Hello? ...Huh? Yo, are y'serious?
Shakadou: ...Maybe y'all can go fuck yourselves then?
Opposition Party Member: What's wrong?
Shakadou: That temper I mentioned just got'm in a fight.
Shakadou: That fun of theirs is gonna keep them in bed for two weeks, and keep them out of the tourney.
Opposition Party Member: Hahaha, they seem like interesting disciples.
Shakadou: They're a shitshow. I'd throw'm in a ditch somewhere, if I found one big enough.
Opposition Party Member: Hmph. Please do not forget the majesty of these halls.
Shakadou: Soga-san, things have changed.
Shakadou: Looks like I got the time t'help you now.
Opposition Party Member: Knowing you, the thought of missing out on a fight has you itching for battle.
Shakadou: Eh, loathe as I am t'admit it...
Opposition Party Member: That is the destiny of those who hearts are taken by the darkness of battle.
Shakadou: Don't dress it up.
Opposition Party Member: Then I welcome you as our fourth, Shakadou-kun.
Opposition Party Member: Heheheh. Now our victory is certain.
Opposition Party Member: Now then, would you like some food before you go?
Shakadou: Wouldn't mind some coffee. Plenty of sugar'n it.
Opposition Party Member: That's a surprise. I would've assumed you like it black.
Shakadou: I ain't a big fan of drinkin' muddy water.
Opposition Party Member: Incidentally, what was that ringtone of yours earlier?
Shakadou: Oh, one of my disciples picked that out for me.
Shakadou: I ain't never been good with machines.
Opposition Party Member: You might as well at least make it the national anthem.
Shakadou: My patriotism's a little short for that.
Opposition Party Member: ...Perhaps you should think more about where you stand before you speak.
*--Shimazu Dorm, courtyard.*
Yamato: ...It's finally time for the tournament.
Yukie: Yes.
Yukie: I'm so sorry for dragging you into... Well, everything.
Yukie: But rest assured I won't let them hurt you.
Yamato: I can protect myself.
Yamato: Focus more on keeping the Prime Minister safe.
Yukie: I will. He's a dear friend...
Yukie: I want nothing more than to bring him victory!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's nice and fired up. I got high hopes in her.
Yamato: If you're feeling good enough to sing your own praises, we'll be fine.
Yamato: But there might be some truly dangerous assassins out there, so be careful.
Yukie: I will!
Yamato: ...You could've made friends with anyone, and you chose the guy who puts us up to this.
Yukie: Oh, no no no. He's a good person.
Yukie: He became friends with me...
Yukie: I have to repay him for that kindness!
*Mayucchi was fired up.*
*--The day of the KOS tournament.*
*A gorgeous parade marched through the streets of Nanahama.*
*Fireworks filled the afternoon sky, with everyone outside watching like it was a festival.*
Prime Minister: What a grand event for the 150th anniversary of the opening of Japan.
*The Prime Minister himself led the opening ceremony.*
*All of us participants gathered had gathered in Nanahama Park.*
*We filled the park to the brim.*
*After all, we'd gathered here from all over the world.*
*The combined aura of our ki was almost palpable.*
*The prize money had done its job attracting all comers.*
*My team -- the Prime Minister, Yukie, Kokoro, and myself -- huddled up.*
Yamato: But still, I can't believe how many people there are.
Kokoro: Do take care not to get lost, Prime Minister. Spare us the effort of finding you.
Prime Minister: That ain't happening. What sort of Prime Minister do you think I am?
Yamato: You gave a wonderful speech earlier.
Prime Minister: Thanks. From here on in though, I'm just one fighter.
Yukie: In this massive crowd, who knows how we might be targeted...
Yukie: I must prepare...
*Mayucchi steadied her breath.*
Kokoro: Your ki is sharp. That ought to keep the assassins away.
Kokoro: I suppose I shall join you.
Yamato: You gotta work on your game face, Fushikawa.
Kokoro: What's that supposed to mean?!
Yamato: Now that look looks more like it.
Kokoro: Yaaaa!
Prime Minister: If our team breaks up now, it'll be no laughing matter. Watch out.
Yamato: This is how we always are.
*As for Kazuko, Miyako, Cookie, and Reiko's team...*
Cookie: Hmm, what's that aura?
Mrs. Shimazu: What's wrong?
Cookie: I can faintly sense someone else broadcasting the same ID signal as mine.
Mrs. Shimazu: Huh. Does that mean a friend of yours is nearby?
Cookie: That can't be right. I should be the only one like me.
Miyako: Everyone looks so strong. Wanko, who should we watch out for?
Kazuko: The one there, who everyone's avoiding. He's the Sun-Child.
Kazuko: Also known as Messi of Argentina, he's a fan favorite.
Miyako: I can see it. He's calm, but I sense a strong presence from him.
Kazuko: Other than him, who else is in a league of their own...
Kazuko: ...Oh! Watch out for those two.
Kazuko: They're the American Caracal brothers, Gail and Gates.
Miyako: Hmm... I don't get the same feeling from them as I did from Messi.
Kazuko: You've gotta watch out for Gates' computer. His new PX version can spit out some nasty tactics.
Mrs. Shimazu: You really do know your stuff. I don't recognize any...
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, I do know one. That's Shibukawa-sensei, a master of jujitsu from Kawakami.
Miyako: That old man? ...Oh, he's strong. I can tell.
Kazuko: This is gonna be so much fun... Who do you think we'll be matched up with?
*As for Chris, Margit, Umeko, and Frank's team...*
Chris's Father: My goodness, what a crowd this is.
Umeko: It's a good thing they installed all those new bathrooms.
Margit: They were completely on top of that, yes.
Chris: I am in top condition today!
Chris: Let us defeat foe after foe.
Chris's Father: It is good to see you fired up, daughter.
Chris's Father: ...Many mixed in here clearly share my profession.
Margit: Please watch out for any bullets.
*As for Kyojin, Tadakatsu, Azumi, and Stacy's team.*
Kyojin: Weheh, this whole crowd's out for blood.
Tadakatsu: Eh, let's just make sure we ain't gettin' hurt.
Azumi: This is a battlefield. If things go to hell, I'm leaving you behind.
Azumi: And I expect you to do the same to me.
Tadakatsu: You don't gotta tell me twice.
Azumi: Good... Friggin' yes, this is it.
Azumi: The energy, the electricity in the air... War's coming to this town.
Maid 1: They gonna scream like fuckin' virgins on their weddin' night.
Maid 1: I can hear the symphony of hell warmin' up right now... Heh heh heh.
Tadakatsu: Whoa, hey, are you insane? What sort of maid are you?
*As for Shouichi, Gakuto, Takuya, and Jun's team...*
Shouichi: Whoa, everyone here's so intense! We've gone global!
Takuya: Back up. How are we supposed to compete against those powerhouses?
Jun: Each and every one of them packs a punch.
Gakuto: This will be fun. I will get to find out how strong I truly am.
Jun: The question is, how do we fight? There's too many to make a bracket.
Shouichi: Yeah, that's pretty limiting... Wait.
Shouichi: Ain't being clumped up like this kinda dangerous and all?
*Dozens of other teams packed the park.*
Ageha: Mwahahahahaha!
*Ageha-san's laughter echoed throughout the park.*
Ageha: Warriors from around the world, welcome to Japan!
Ageha: Let the festival of martial arts, KoS, begin!
*Cheers and roars reverberated through the area.*
Ageha: Now then... Allow Us to explain the nature of the fights!
Ageha: Everything will be permitted. Find your path to victory.
Ageha: All weapons are legal -- no target area is restricted!
Ageha: Every participant has consented to not hold others responsible for their injuries, so you need not hold back!
Ageha: You may fight anywhere within this city of Nanahama and the neighboring city of Kawakami.
Yukie: Huh? But that's so big...
Yamato: So we're fighting an urban battle...
Kokoro: Of course. Even Kuki Stadium could not hold this many.
Ageha: Furthermore, the fight shall last three days!
Ageha: The only condition of victory is to survive until the end!
Ageha: To be the last team standing, if you will.
Ageha: You will proceed to move through Nanahama and Kawakami.
Ageha: When you encounter another team, then you will fight.
Ageha: You will not know peace for the duration, neither to eat nor to sleep.
Ageha: No, it will be three days of constant war.
Ageha: A battle royale in a city full of enemies... Excited?
Ageha: And in order to make sure there aren't any chickens too scared to fight...
Ageha: We have arranged for several executioners: Ourself...
Tesshin: Me, Kawakami Tesshin. A pleasure... Wait, I've seen most of you before!
Lu: I hope you give it your all. I'm Lu.
Momoyo: Kawakami Momoyo!
Ageha: We four are the executioners.
Ageha: If too many teams abstain from combat, We shall eliminate them.
Ageha: And that rule remains true at night as well, so be wary!
Ageha: Your movements will be tracked at Our HQ via the bracelets you've been given.
Ageha: Hence, a team that camps and hides can never win.
Yamato: ...This is bad, if I'm right.
Yamato: Everyone, keep listening, but move towards the edge of the crowd.
Prime Minister: Why? She's barely started.
Yamato: Because by the time she's done, it might already be too late.
Prime Minister: Ah, I get it!
Kokoro: Whatever do you mean, monkey?
Yamato: You'll see soon enough.
Kyojin: Steady. Nice and steady.
Shouichi: We just gotta slip out all cool-like.
*A number of other teams had noticed the same thing.*
Ageha: Finally, the following actions are prohibited.
Ageha: You will be disqualified if you exit the combined regions of Kawakami and Nanahama...
Ageha: Or if you strike or injure a civilian.
Ageha: Take care not to forget that!
Ageha: With that, begin!
Kazuko: Huh...?
Ageha: ...Should you be just standing there? The tournament has already begun.
Chris: ......!!!
*The last few people finally grasped her meaning.*
Kung Fu Fighter: Kyaaaa! I am Kumono Juuzou!
Martial Artist: I, Muyacha the Desert Wolf, shall fight you!
Shibukawa: You guys are raring to go... I don't want no part of that.
*The battle royale began in those close confines.*
Kokoro: I see. Then it is good that we have put some distance between us and the main pack.
Kokoro: I have never been much fond of bloody encounters.
*In a heartbeat, the park became pandemonium.*
*Who knew what would've happened to us if we stayed.*
Jun: Whew! If we got caught up in that, I don't know if we would've made it out alive.
Shouichi: Let's get ourselves some distance between us and them.
*Everyone scattered.*
*Yet the most violent of the fighters remained in the center.*
*The initial bloodbath was sure to take out a considerable number.*
*The heart of Nanahama Park was a scene of mayhem.*
Gail: Hahaha. We're surrounded, but this is nothing our nation hasn't faced before.
Gail: Gates, I assume everything's going according to your calculations?
Gates: Of course, brother. Now squat!
Gail: Squat... Like this, Gates?
*A bullet rifled through the the space where Gates' head had been moments before.*
Mercenary: Tch, I missed my chance to finish off Gail!
Mercenary: But this is still the end. All men, fire!
Gates: Roll, brother, and there's a 100% chance of survival!
Gail: The Statue of Liberty keeps us safe! Hey!
Mercenary: How? How did every bullet miss?!
Gates: Now defeat them beginning with the ones on the right! Heheh, my predictive software is flawless! ...Though it does lock up sometimes.
Gail: Ya! First-World Gail Shot Kick!
Mercenary: I can't reload in t--Gah!
Gail: The only weapon I need is my body. Only third-world cretins would rely on guns.
Gates: They're no match for us, Brother!
Gun Fanatic: My machine gun will fill you with more holes than Swiss cheese!
Messi: Strength born of firearms is not strength at all.
Gun Fanatic: Geh--the Sun-Child?! When did you--Haaggh!
Messi: Bullets cannot reach the sun.
Chris's Father: Listen close. We are to prioritize those armed with firearms.
Chris's Father: We cannot risk a stray bullet harming a civilian!
Gunman: Heh. You think you're so hot just because you wear a uniform? Fight me. Draw.
Chris's Father: Oh, a western gunman? This will be interesting.
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: At ease, Chris. I won't be beaten.
Gunman: Heh, is she your daughter? Hah! I'll shoot her in the leg, then fuck her raw!
Chris's Father: ...I will bring you to justice!
Chris's Father: Dance for me! (He shot him in his left hand.)
Gunman: Geh?! That took you 0.18 seconds -- how?!
Chris's Father: Next, raise your right arm!
Gunman: Gah! W-Wait, please!
Chris's Father: Jump on your left foot!
Gunman: Gwah! I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry, just please stop!
Chris's Father: Finally, spin on your left leg!
Gunman: Higgghhh!
Chris's Father: That was the dance of death. The rest I lead to King Minos in hell.
Crossbowman: Time to open fire! Fear my crossbow, Absolute!
Margit: Your eyes are too obvious. I know exactly where you're aiming.
Crossbowman: What?! She blocked with her tonfas?!
Margit: Tonfa kick!
Crossbowman: But you kick with your feet, not ton--gah!
Margit: Yet I blocked with my tonfas, did I not?!
Bomber: So in short, bombs are the ultimate weapon.
Bomber: Hah! (He jumped high into the air.)
Bomber: Eat these grenades! I'll burn you to hell!
*He lobbed them straight into the midst of the melee.*
Bomber: Everything's gonna go kablooie! Wahoo!
Miyako: Grenade from above! Wanko!
Kazuko: On it! Kawakami Ultimate: Bird-killer!
*Her kick sent the grenade back up into the air.*
Bomber: It came back at meeeeeeeee!
Jun: Not just gunshots, but explosions too. It's a real war out there.
Gakuto: For now, let's get some more space. Screw havin' to deal with guns.
Ageha: Mwahahaha, Nanahama Park has beecome a field of death!
Momoyo: I knew everyone who brought a gun would be the first to be targeted.
Ageha: Yes, for they are easy to hunt, and no one wants to fall to a sniper's bullet.
Lu: This should eliminate most of the gunmen.
*Even now, the strongest of all still held on in that central battlefield.*
Kouga Ninja: Seven Shadow Clones! Just try and find me now! (The center figure stood with a group of three on each side.)
Chris: That center one stands out far too much!
Kouga Ninja: Gwowah!
Iga Ninja: Taste my steel! Iga Heavy Shuriken!
*He sent his giant shuriken whirling towards his target.*
Umeko: Kojima Whip Strike -- Mountain Echo!
*The whip caught the shuriken in flight and sent it back at the ninja.*
Iga Ninja: What?! How's it flying back at me as fast as I threw... iyeagh!
Umeko: There's no end to them. Jump, all three of us!
Chris: ......?
*Yet despite their confusion, her teammates trusted her and jumped.*
Umeko: Heh. Kojima Whip Strike -- Kamaitachi!
*Her whip indiscriminately struck everything in a 360 degree arc.*
Kung Fu Fighter: Gwaaahhh!
Shibukawa: Gaahh?! Kh, so I don't even survive the melee...? Ugh!
*The strike mowed through the fighters in an instant.*
Kazuko: Ah, look out!
Messi: My, your whip moves as lithely as a snake!
Gail: HAH! First-World Gail Ignorance! (She dodges the attack.)
Momoyo: Wow. You're that strong, Ms. Ume?
Tesshin: She too is the daughter of a warrior house.
Martial Artist: Gwah!
Martial Artist: I've never seen a whip so fast, so strong... Gh, ah...
*Nearly twenty fell to the attack.*
Umeko: Mop-up complete!
Margit: The path is open. Let us retreat from the center.
Chris's Father: Yes. Time to withdraw.
*The soldier-heavy squad knew well how to beat out a retreat.*
Kazuko: Oh, Kuri's team got away! ...Wow, they're moving fast!
Chris's Father: This ought to be fine enough.
Chris's Father: Goodness, that was spectacular. I would recruit you to my army, were you German.
Chris: I could not agree more! Ms. Kojima, I had no idea you were this cool!
Umeko: Well, I may have trained to fight...
Umeko: But perhaps I made the wrong choice as a woman.
Margit: Nonsense. You will hold your head high.
Chris: What should we do now?
Umeko: Nanahama is not my home turf. I would rather return to Kawakami.
Chris: Yes, we would have a greater terrain advantage there.
Chris: The battles will soon take a broader scale...
Chris's Father: Agreed. There is no need for us to spend our strength needlessly.
Chris's Father: Let us wait for the opportunity to strike a sure blow.
*--Nanahama Park.*
Kazuko: Seigh, seigh, seigh, seigh, seigh!
Messi: Kh, curse your naginata. I cannot close this gap!
Kazuko: Your leg's mine!
Messi: Whoa there! ...The strikes to my left have such range!
Messi: But now I am ready for th--
Kazuko: You don't think I can only strike with the blade, do you?!
Messi: Whoa, an attack with the handle? Must I fear that too?!
*He dodged the phantasmagoric attacks by a hair's breadth.*
Kazuko: Nngh, you just keep dodging. You're good.
Kazuko: (He's ranked #1 in South America. He's something else.)
Miyako: Wanko, I know you're tired. We need to widen the battlefield.
Kazuko: That'd be nice, but it's packed too tight here for us to break away.
Cookie: Then maybe it's finally time for me to transform?
Mrs. Shimazu: No, I'll handle this. Save the trump card for later!
Mrs. Shimazu: Get lost, you mindless mob!
*Her ki took the form of a devil, intimidating everyone around her.*
Messi: ...?! Something about this feels dangerous.
Gates: Brother, I've detected a heavy influx of unpredictable energy! We're in danger!
Gail: Tch...! This reminds me of the chills I felt during the terrorist strike!
*The packed crowd scattered.*
Kazuko: Whew... Now we have some space.
Cookie: Aww, look at you. You're all beat up.
Kazuko: But they were all so strong. It took everything I had to survive.
Miyako: That's very true. But the real battle is just beginning.
Miyako: After the violence of the opening minutes, things should be quiet for a while.
Mrs. Shimazu: You're right, and we need to rest.
Mrs. Shimazu: Back to the Shimazu Dorm, then? I see no reason why not.
Mrs. Shimazu: It's a three day battle. We're just getting started!
Miyako: That's certainly true...
Ageha: Hmm, it would appear that the slaughter has slowed down at Nanahama Park.
Momoyo: This tournament really reveals the quirks in everyone's styles.
Ageha: Precisely. First, there are those such as Chris and Kazuko who aggressively seek battle.
Ageha: And then there is the other pattern.
Martial Artist: Huff... Huff... Heheh. I, Muyacha, am invincible!
Martial Artist: But my comrades have fallen, so I must spend time to recov--
Gakuto: Now! Sorry, but we're takin' you out!
Shouichi: Seyah!
Jun: Hah!
Martial Artist: Nngh, what sort of cowards fight 3-on-1? ...Gwah!
*Muyacha finally fell unconscious.*
Shouichi: Sweet! Operation successful!
Gakuto: But I feel like a mountain bandit. I could cry.
Jun: But you know we can't win in a head-on fight.
Gakuto: You're not wrong, but isn't the way a man should fight.
Takuya: I understand where you're coming from, but unless you have a better plan...
Takuya: You'll need a better argument than 'it's not manly enough' to get us to back down.
Gakuto: And I get that. I know things don't always work that way.
Shouichi: Well, I bet you we're gonna stumble onto a clean fight sooner or later.
Shouichi: You save up your strength for then!
Ageha: They plan to aim for weakened foes, to lay low the wounded.
Momoyo: That isn't my style, but there are always vultures on a battlefield.
Ageha: Indeed. Yet those are not the only strategies being employed.
Azumi: Huff, huff, huff...
Guerrilla: Fucking get back here! Don't tell me you came all this way to play chicken!
Guerrilla: ...Once I catch you, me and the boys are gonna have to set you straight!
*Some sixteen men chased after Azumi.*
*They were a pack of wolves hoping to finish off the weakened beauty.*
Azumi: Ahh, somebody help me!
Guerrilla: Gehehe, wait right there!
*However--*
Azumi: Now! Bye-bye *click*
Guerrilla: Gaaaahhhhhh!
Azumi: Friggin' A, got them all in the trap. This is the life.
Kyojin: Finish off everyone who's still conscious.
Tadakatsu: Aye!
Maid 1: Azumi-sama, you fuckin' rocked!
Azumi: Yeah, that was a piece of cake.
Azumi: Thanks to that info what Beardy got us, I was able to place traps all over.
Azumi: Heh heh heh. No-holds-barred fights are just my style.
Ageha: There are those who lay traps and fight with cunning.
Momoyo: Those sly fools always fold to real power.
Ageha: We are not so sure, given the nature of this battle.
Monk: All right, it's time to treat the defeated warriors.
Tesshin: Good. Bring them to the Kawakami Temple for treatment.
Ageha: What other strategies might there be... To establish a base, perhaps?
Ageha: To take shelter in an advantageous encampment and strike from there.
Spearman 1: The Prime Minister isn't here... I thought for sure he'd be here.
Spearman 1: Guess we'll have to try mov--Hah?!
Spearman 2: Hey, what's wrong? Hey? He's having a seizzaaahhhh!
Spearman 3: Wh-What's going on? Where're they attacking us fraaggghh!
Spearman 4: What? But we are the greatest spearmen in the woryeagh!
Spearman 4: Gh... They're up... on the... hill... kfh.
Yamato: Enemy target delta hit and down. Enemy spearmen neutralized.
*As the spotter, I reported what I saw through my binoculars.*
Prime Minister: Well, that's how it's done. Leave the long-range fighting to me.
*He had sniped them with a customized rifle.*
Kokoro: Quite impressive.
Yamato: That wasn't live ammunition, right? So what are you using?
Prime Minister: Electric bullets. They only deliver pain, but they send a real shock to your system.
Prime Minister: Eh, it'll keep them paralyzed for three or four days.
Yamato: Wow, and that minimizes bloodshed... That's real stylish of you.
Prime Minister: Right? Can't be cruel to my own people.
Kokoro: I see you do not close your off eye when you snipe.
Prime Minister: Cuttin' off your field of view on the battlefield doesn't usually end well.
Kokoro: Hmm... Yet this is all rather dull, simply watching you peck away at them.
Yamato: But winning alone isn't enough.
Yamato: Given the Prime Minister's day job, it's best he win without a scratch on him.
Kokoro: I do understand that. You need not coddle me at every turn.
Yamato: At any rate, right now, our goals are to search and destroy.
Yukie: I think it's time for us to move soon?
Yamato: Yeah, before we get wise to us and we're surrounded.
Yukie: ...?! We're being watched. Please be cautious.
Kokoro: Are you certain? I sense nothing.
Yukie: The enemy do not seem to be close. Where could they...
Prime Minister: ...Huh? Hey, hey. If we're being watched, but they're not nearby, then...
Prime Minister: Hostility's coming from... that way. I can feel it.
*The Prime Minister peered through his scope towards the Bay Bridge to see...*
Prime Minister: Dammit, a foreign sniper!
Yamato: From the bridge? That has to be too far.
Prime Minister: They're aimin' for us! Be ready to take fire!
Yukie: Oh no. Get down!
Prime Minister: Don't worry about me, just get cover yourselves!
Kokoro: Do not be so reckless!
Prime Minister: If he's confident enough to shoot from that range, then I ain't gonna sleep easy unless I take him out here and now.
*The Prime Minister took aim...*
*Just as his foe pulled the trigger.*
Prime Minister: ...Right, he's in my sights.
*The enemy round grazed the Prime Minister cheek.*
Prime Minister: Guess he ain't good enough to account for the sea breeze.
*Undisturbed by the near miss, he returned fire.*
Yamato: What happened? (I checked through my binoculars.)
Prime Minister: Well, I figure that should've hit.
Yamato: Yes, I can't believe it -- you actually hit him!
Prime Minister: I've been buildin' up good karma, is all.
Yukie: Impressive... W-We should get going.
Yamato: Let's go higher into the mountain. Prime Minister, please take this chance to rest.
Yamato: There's only one road up here, so Mayucchi can ambush anyone who comes.
Yamato: Cut down any enemies who come, using the back of your sword.
Yukie: Affirmative. And this is an excellent location to rest.
Kokoro: However, it may be too withdrawn. What if no one comes to engage us?
Kokoro: Too much passivity will bring out the executioners.
Yamato: I'll get a text on my phone before that happens.
Kokoro: ...I have come to see you are truly skilled at laying such groundwork.
Yamato: I worked it out with Nee-san. Though I had to forgive all her debts to me.
Prime Minister: Well, even so, I am glad for the rest.
Prime Minister: ...How do you suppose those who seek to stop me will play their hands?
Lu: Then I'll go mop up those teams who refuse to fight.
Tesshin: As will I. Heheh, ours might be the most fun role of all.
Ageha: Thank you for doing this.
Ageha: Oh... Heheh. Momoyo, look at this.
Momoyo: Hmm? What is it?
Ageha: India's Dhalslim has entered the tournament.
Momoyo: Oh, the one who uses yoga to fight? That's... interesting. I can't wait to see.
Ageha: His arrival almost feels like an ambush... Dhalslim...
Momoyo: He comes from a storied country. He must know all sorts of techniques.
*--In the mountain residential district.*
Dhalslim: ...Oof... Ooh... Kh.
*Dhalslim struggled to stand, but collapsed from his wounds.*
Dhalslim: ...You devils... Gfh!
Shakadou: Those're some robots y'got there.
Opposition Party Member: I myself did not expect them to be this strong.
Opposition Party Member: I could not have asked for a better test run. Such fireworks!
Opposition Party Member: Let's keep on going until we've defeated the Prime Minister.
Opposition Party Member: ...This way.
Shakadou: Y'got a bead on him? 'Course you do.
Opposition Party Member: The robots can also track scents.
Opposition Party Member: They are flawless. Let's go.
Yume: Wow, those robots are so big.
Yume: Are they participating in the tournament, too?
Yume: It's such a big world out there...
Shakadou: ...I only just realized, but...
Shakadou: They kinda stand out. Every civvy's got their eyes on us.
Shakadou: Y'good with not keepin' those robots under wraps?
Opposition Party Member: This is quite all right. They will be sold to the world afterwards.
Opposition Party Member: But as all-purpose robots, not strictly weapons.
Shakadou: So it's advertisin'? Y'think of everything.
Opposition Party Member: Let's go. The Prime Minister is on top of this mountain.
*Meanwhile, as for Shouichi's team...*
Karate Fighter: The rest of my team's been eliminated... I underestimated this tournament.
Karate Fighter: I have to make it back to the base camp, somehow...
Karate Fighter: Shit, why do the Gail Brothers have to be so strong?
Jun: Well? I think we can handle him.
Shouichi: A lone man's a lone man, sure, but there isn't a single scratch on him.
Takuya: And doesn't he look strong, too?
Jun: We've made it this far. We can do this.
Takuya: If we let ourselves get overconfident, we're through.
Jun: It'll be fine. If he is able to put up a fight, I'll communicate with you guys like a Western porn star.
Gakuto: So what's wrong with that? Nothing, that's what.
Gakuto: It's four on one, and you're goin' to chicken out because he's a teeny bit strong?
Shouichi: Right, let's do this! Bring out the Tripler!
Karate Fighter: ...Hm?
Shouichi: Seyah!
Karate Fighter: Whoa! Not even a word of warning?!
Jun: You've dodged straight into my fist! Whish!
Karate Fighter: A straight punch?! Whoa, you're strong...
Gakuto: And now that he's off-balance, time for a Handsome Clothesline!
Karate Fighter: That's enough out of you!
Gakuto: He dodged my magnificent attack?
Karate Fighter: Hwacchaa!
*He viciously swung his leg at the three of them.*
Shouichi: No way you hit me!
Jun: You're not hitting me!
*Jun and Shouichi's youthful reflexes easily got them out of the way.*
Gakuto: Gwah! Just me?!
*Only Gakuto suffered a direct hit.*
Gakuto: *cough* *wheeze*
Shouichi: H-Hey Gakuto, you all right over there?
Takuya: See? I told you he's strong!
Jun: ...OH... NO... OW...
Takuya: Wah, even you can't deny it now.
Gakuto: ...Heheh, there's nothin' wrong with this. I wouldn't have it any other way.
Gakuto: Both of you, stay out of this!
Gakuto: A real battle between men has to be fought face-to-face, with no funny business.
Gakuto: Let's fight! I'm Shimazu Gakuto!
Karate Fighter: ...Suzuki Kenta!
Karate Fighter: Fire!
*His low kick slammed into Gakuto's leg.*
Gakuto: Ugh! B-But I can take it.
*He closed the distance.*
Karate Fighter: Seyah!
*His next crisp kick dug into Gakuto's chest.*
Gakuto: Gwah! H-Heheh. It's been easy up till now.
Gakuto: This pain is simply makin' up for that!
*He closed in even closer, close enough to grasp the other's shoulder.*
Karate Fighter: You cheeky bastard -- I'll shake you off...
Karate Fighter: My hand's numb from when I blocked that straight punch -- I can't move it!
Gakuto: It's headbutt time... Oraaaaahhhhhh!
*Pow!*
Karate Fighter: Gwah!
Shouichi: Whew, that's gotta hurt.
Gakuto: One. More. Time!
Karate Fighter: Gwah!
*The karate fighter crumpled where he stood.*
Shouichi: Wow, nice going!
Jun: OHH... EXCELLENT! EXCELLENT!
Takuya: You can just talk normally now!
Gakuto: Ah, I feel so much better. Now that's how a man should fight.
Gakuto: Sorry, but it's gonna be a while before I can stand back up.
Shouichi: You can lean on me now, when you're not all that strong. C'mon.
Jun: Holy mother of Konata. He took that guy down like he was nothing.
Gakuto: Girls are always starin' down my back, you know? But they're never watchin' when I'm being awesome.
Takuya: If you have enough energy to complain, you'll be fine.
Shouichi: Maybe we oughta call it a day.
Takuya: We've taken out more than enough -- that was the sixth team!
Gakuto: ...I wonder how Yamato's group is doing.
*...It was already the middle of the night.*
Kokoro: No one came, I see.
Prime Minister: Which meant I was able to sleep like a log. Good, since I might not get the chance later.
Yamato: Since we'll probably have the executioners on our heads if we don't fight for too many hours...
Yamato: Let's get in a fight, then head back to the dorm.
Yukie: And someone is just arriving.
Yamato: Then let's meet them head-on.
Yukie: Prime Minister, please fall back.
Prime Minister: No need to baby me. I got my rest in.
Kokoro: Let us have a share of the limelight, if you would.
Prime Minister: ...Yeah. Then long-range support fire it is.
Prime Minister: It's the age of girlpower, ain't it?
Yukie: Their aura -- it's so strong...
Kokoro: Indeed. One of them, a being most ominous, is especially powerful.
Yamato: Who in the world are these people?
*I could hear them thudding up the path.*
Kokoro: Why does the earth quake?
Yukie: They're here... Wait, that's--
Yamato: Cookie?! No, Cookie's not that big!
*They were a pair of giants, each a full two meters tall.*
Kokoro: Whatever is going on?
Yukie: They are clearly not the same constructs as our Cookie.
*Cookie's 1st form...*
*And Cookie's 2nd form...*
*Both long-familiar sights, yet they looked so strange at this size.*
*And the man leading them along was...*
Yamato: The Secretary-General of the opposition party, Soga-san...?
Opposition Party Member: Precisely. I'm afraid I must eliminate you from this tournament, Prime Minister.
Kokoro: No beating around the bush from this one.
Yamato: I thought for sure you'd try a Trojan Horse plan, or some sort of foul play.
Opposition Party Member: Not against a team that gave an entire slot up to a tactician.
Opposition Party Member: Is the Prime Minister in the back? Have him come out.
Yukie: We cannot allow that.
Kokoro: Indeed. You shall not pass.
*This Soga-san guy had an intensity to him, but...*
*The real problem was the man who'd popped up beside him.*
Yukie: *shudder*
Kokoro: *shudder*
*The two girls immediately prepared for battle.*
*His very presence was like a dagger stabbing at Kokoro's show of confidence.*
Shakadou: Tryin' t'be brave, huh? This'll be fun.
Yamato: Gh...?
*Seriously, who was he? Just looking at him was making me sweat.*
Yukie: --!
*Mayucchi had also fixed her gaze on the man.*
Shakadou: Heh, such fiery eyes. You're a strong one.
Opposition Party Member: Shakadou-kun, you are to stand by and watch.
Opposition Party Member: ...As for you...
Opposition Party Member: Despite being only students, you possess no small quantity of power.
Opposition Party Member: Why would you side with the Prime Minister?
Shakadou: ...Oh, startin' out roundabout?
Opposition Party Member: I do not need to explain to you the impoverished state of our economy.
Opposition Party Member: The Prime Minister steers this nation, and so the fault lies with him.
Opposition Party Member: The stratified society born of his policies is wrong.
Opposition Party Member: But we will take over the reins and solidify this land!
Opposition Party Member: Besides, the Prime Minister is too spoiled to be trusted with so much power.
Yamato: ...So all you do is criticize others.
Opposition Party Member: Hmm?
Yamato: I won't deny that I have nothing but unease and dissatisfaction with the current state of government.
Yamato: But I see no one fit to take his place.
Opposition Party Member: ...Well, that is a pity. A true shame, young man.
Opposition Party Member: Surrendering would be the wiser choice. It would spare you the pain.
Yamato: I'm afraid we can't do that.
Opposition Party Member: ...Then so be it. Psycho Cookie, destroy them!
S Cookie 2: Mwahahahaha! Come, let us fight!
*The second form blasted towards us.*
*He raised his sword, then swung down hard.*
Kokoro: This is no time for daydreams, monkey! Fall back!
*I jumped back, as did Fushikawa.*
*The sword crashed into the earth where we'd stood only moments before.*
S Cookie: Target locked! Switch on!
*The first form's arms spun like a Gatling gun.*
*No -- not *like* a Gatling gun.*
Yukie: Seigh!
*Her sword danced through the air, cutting down every last bullet.*
Opposition Party Member: Wonderful. You are most certainly the Sword-Saint's daughter.
S Cookie 2: Suffer my merciless attack!
*Again he readied his weighty blade.*
Yamato: If he scores a direct hit with that...
Yukie: You are far too exposed!
*She dashed into range of the second form and slashed.*
Yukie: It's hard.
*Yet her sword was stopped by its rigid armor.*
S Cookie 2: My armor gives me the confidence to be aggressive!
Opposition Party Member: You cannot cut him. How large do you think its budget was?
S Cookie: Go forth, my clones.
*The first form's lid opened, and out of it spilled mini-Cookies.*
Mini Cookie: Skree, skree.
Yukie: Th-They're cute?
Matsukaze: Ain't half as cute as me!
*The mini Cookies scurried toward Mayucchi.*
Yamato: Dammit, if I'm right... They're all bombs!
*A heartbeat later, support fire came rifling in from the rear.*
Mini Cookie: Skree?!
*The bullet struck one of the mini Cookies...*
*And it exploded into fire and chunks of metal.*
*I crouched down and plugged my ears.*
*The shockwave created a chain reaction, exploding more of the 'bots.*
Yamato: Wow... But it's still hurting my ears.
*I looked back at the column of flame to see...*
S Cookie 2: I'll steal your hopes and dreams!
Matsukaze: I'd like to see you try, ya hunk of junk!
*Mayucchi crossed swords with the robot, and kept holding her own.*
Opposition Party Member: Mmm, perhaps that move had a little too much firepower... Hm?
*A figure rushed in under the cloud of smoke.*
Kokoro: You are mine, you accursed politician! With you in my grasp, the match is over.
*Kokoro had him in range for her point-blank finishing strike!*
Opposition Party Member: You are a fool if you think me hopeless in a fight! Shah!
*He fired off the knifehand strike he'd learned practicing traditional martial arts in his school days.*
Kokoro: The monkey long ago delivered to me that data!
*But she'd already factored that trump card into account.*
Opposition Party Member: Huh? You dodged it?
* She gracefully grabbed his outstretched arm...*
Kokoro: You are mine!
*And nailed the noble flying armbar.*
Opposition Party Member: Gwoh?! Gh... Nwoh!
Kokoro: Now, unless you want your elbow dislocated, call your robots to a halt!
Shakadou: Geez, that's a pretty fine job y'did there.
Kokoro: You stay still as well, or I shall hurt this VIP.
Shakadou: So?
Kokoro: Huh?
Shakadou: Y'don't get it, babe -- him gettin' hurt has nothin' t'do with me.
*Shakadou casually closed the gap between them.*
Kokoro: Whoa...
*A chill ran down her spine.*
Kokoro: (I must immediately adopt a defensive stance, or I will be defeated!)
Shakadou: Soigh!
Kokoro: Wah!
*He kicked her like a soccer ball.*
*The kick grazed the opposition party member's head, tearing a few strands of hair from his head.*
Shakadou: Hostages don't mean shit t'me...
Opposition Party Member: Shakadou-kun... You put me at risk.
Shakadou: Oh, I am so sorry. But hey, you're free now. All's good.
Opposition Party Member: I could cry at your unchanging ways, Shakadou-kun.
Opposition Party Member: Then it's down to business. In addition to offensive efforts, you are to be my bodyguard.
Shakadou: Great. Pleasure doin' business with you.
Kokoro: Yeouch... I blocked it, yet my arms are numb?!
Shakadou: Welp, time for naughty Miss Judo t'go beddy-bye.
*I couldn't imagine Fushikawa could beat him.*
*And it was taking Mayucchi everything she had to hold back the robots.*
Shakadou: Just relax. I'll make it quick.
*Which meant Fushikawa was doomed.*
Kokoro: Ooh...
*...It would serve that elitist Class S jerk right.*
Yamato: Hold up!
Kokoro: Monkey?
*Yet despite that, my body wouldn't stay still!*
Shakadou: Oh! Whatcha cuttin'n front of her for?
Shakadou: Oh, y'think you're gonna be her knight in shinin' armor?
Yamato: Sure looks like it.
Kokoro: Monkey, well done. Buy me time to recover from my injuries.
Yamato: Got it. I'll do what I can.
Shakadou: Heh... You think y'can actually do somethin'? Heh... Heh heh.
*The way he moved seemed so familiar...*
*Wait, he fought just like Nee-san did when she was fooling around.*
Shakadou: Kakah, mwahaha, Kaaaah kah kah kah kah!
*I just had to remember how she moved!*
Shakadou: Shah!
Yamato: Then I can dodge!
*His hand went for my head, but I slipped out of the way.*
Shakadou: ...Damn good reactions y'got there, eh?
*What would Nee-san do next...?*
Shakadou: Coincidence?
*She'd go to grab my collar!*
*I punched my fists to the side, striking the hands reaching for me.*
Shakadou: Ouch. Yo, hey, this seems like more than luck.
Shakadou: You're some punk kid who ain't even trained, so why...?
*At the same time, another round of support fire raced in from behind.*
Shakadou: Heh. Y'got a sick sense of humor, aimin' for there, but you're outta luck.
*He evaded the bullet, his spine twisting unnaturally, like a snake's.*
Yukie: Are you all right?!
*Mayucchi ran over to help as well.*
Shakadou: Y'got the same stance as the Sword-Saint, babe.
Yukie: Wait, are you...?
Shakadou: Yeah. Did it for work, sure, but I took your old man outta action.
Yukie: --!
Shakadou: Damn, that's some hella ki!
Prime Minister: Wait, thought you looked familiar. Was it you?
Shakadou: Long time no see. Y'sure the Commander'n Chief oughta take the field himself?
Prime Minister: Yeah, 'cause goin' bang-bang from the back lines while students fight from the front? Ain't my style.
Prime Minister: Got so sick of it that here I am.
Opposition Party Member: ...I do respect your bravery, Prime Minister.
Shakadou: Then let's have ourselves a real war!
Opposition Party Member: That will not do, Shakadou-kun. I've ordered the robots to stop attacking.
Shakadou: Y'get me all worked up, and then you steal it all away? C'mon!
Prime Minister: You fear that civilians will be caught in the crossfire?
Opposition Party Member: The country exists for the people. If we let the Cookies operate any longer in this densely-packed neighborhood...
Prime Minister: Then yes, they will eventually be injured. That cannot happen.
Opposition Party Member: ...I would rather not deal with the executioners' punishments. We'll retreat.
Opposition Party Member: But two days' hence, we will be standing on the winners' podium, Prime Minister.
*The earth rumbled beneath those ominous foes' feet as they withdrew.*
Yukie: That man... attacked my father. I will avenge him, I promise!
Matsukaze: My girl's gettin' payback. When you're through, I'm gonna dance all over his corpse!
Kokoro: Nngh... The arm I blocked with still hurts!
Prime Minister: Damn, it doesn't look good. Here, hold on.
Yamato: Oh, let me. I can carry her.
Prime Minister: I got the whole country on my shoulders. Compared to that, what's the weight of one girl?
Yamato: By the way, didn't you say something about a safehouse you set up around here?
Prime Minister: Yep, sure did. Here we go.
Prime Minister: Got a friend of mine, said he wasn't gonna enter, but that he'd focus on protecting me from here.
Chiharu: Welcome. We've been waiting for you, Prime Minister.
Prime Minister: Hey, got a wounded. Take care of her?
Chiharu: Of course. Bring her this way.
Prime Minister: We should be good until morning, now.
Yamato: Yes. We just got out of a battle, so we should be fine for a while.
Miyuu: My, if it isn't the guests I've heard so much about. Welcome.
Yukie: Oh, thank you for having us!
Miyuu: My...
Yukie: Huh...?
Miyuu: I think I like your voice.
Yukie: Thank you very much!
Matsukaze: Compliment get! You go girl!
De Niro: Things in here seem like they're getting weird.
*This mansion seemed like a safe place to rest.*
*Fushikawa had hurt her arm, but not too badly.*
*The Prime Minister was unhurt. We should be good for tomorrow.*
*But was everyone else still all right?*
*I had to imagine they had all called it a night.*
*--Nanahama Park.*
Messi: Zzz... I won't lose in a fight, but the city I can never beat. Zzz...
*Messi's team, one of the favorites, slept without a care in the world.*
*They were confident that, if any foes approached, they could quickly wake and respond to the attack.*
*However...*
Kyojin: Messi-san and his band of favorites to win it all... Sorry, but winning's our job.
Azumi: Okay, I'll take out Messi.
Messi: ...Heh, a midnight ambush? But that will never... work... against...
Messi: Wh-What's... going on...? I can't... move... my body...
Azumi: On the battlefield, you gotta keep a closer eye on the stuff you're putting in your friggin' mouths.
Messi: No, you... couldn't possibly have... poisoned our meat buns?!
Meat Bun Seller: Hey, meat buns, get your hot meat buns, they're Nanahama's specialty!
Messi: That peddler of meat buns -- No. He was one of you in disguise?
Azumi: Not all of us fight all our battles on the battlefield.
Pedro: You cowardly bitch. Why won't you fight like a man?
Kyojin: Sorry for the cheap shot, but it's the only way we'll win.
Kyojin: Welp, Old Man Punch!
Pedro: Gwah!
Azumi: Goodnight.
Messi: Gaaaahhhh!
Azumi: Targets neutralized.
Tadakatsu: Nobody else saw. Let's keep goin'.
Tadakatsu: Whole bunch of teams are stayin' in that hotel.
Tadakatsu: They've got a truce set up so they can actually get some rest.
Azumi: So every single one of them is dead certain...
Azumi: That there's nothing to fear as long as they stay there.
Azumi: But they ain't got a clue!
Kyojin: There's no one easier to beat than some punk who thinks its safe to sleep.
Kyojin: Let's take them out one by one.
Tadakatsu: You're good with me stayin' on watch?
Maid 1: Fuck yes. You still ain't got nothin', boy.
Tadakatsu: Well, then I'll just have to be the best damn watchman ever.
Azumi: Good. You got the personality what takes to be a soldier, kid.
Kyojin: He's normally kind, but when push comes to shove, my Tadakatsu can do what's necessary.
Tadakatsu: Don't make me sound like a damn killer, pops.
Azumi: Great, let's do this.
*--The hotel suite.*
Warrior: Zzz...
*The bed creaked with the weight of someone on it.*
Azumi: This here's why you gotta be on guard for night ambushes and morning attacks.
*Azumi stabbed her long, thin needle into the warrior's forehead.*
Warrior: ...?!
*His body spasmed for a few moments, then all strength left him.*
Azumi: Pathetic... You won't be going nowhere for four or five days.
Azumi: Assassination's my specialty... Let's keep it up.
*--The deluxe double room.*
Pugilist: Ohhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming!
Call Girl: Ahh, yes, yes! Cum, cum!
Kyojin: Hey, you called for this old man to come?
Pugilist: Huh?!
Kyojin: Orah!
Pugilist: Gwaahhhh!
Call Girl: Eeeeek! (She ran away in a panic.)
Kyojin: You can't go so crazy over a pussy that you forget where you are.
Kyojin: Now... That was a pretty nice scream. I'd better hide.
Swordsman: ...I'm trying to sleep. Don't tell me you broke another chick... Hm?!
Swordsman: Hey! What's wrong?! You all right?!
Swordsman: Gwah! A-An arrow in the knee?! It's a trap?!
Kyojin: It's a little primitive, but effective.
Swordsman: Hey! Wait!
Kyojin: Has anyone ever actually stopped for that?!
Swordsman: Gwah?!
Kyojin: Sorry, but anything goes.
Ronin: So much noise there is in here. Something ongoing?
Ronin: A man collapsed?! Indeed, a shock -- are you all right?!
Azumi: BOMB.
*The elaborate mannequin exploded in his face.*
Ronin: You... Bitch... You fight... Like a coward... Gweh.
Kyojin: Tadakatsu, how's it looking?
Tadakatsu: No need to worry. No other teams are lookin' to join in.
Kyojin: Great. Unless there's some sudden surprise, this mission's a success.
*--A family restaurant.*
Wrestler 1: Gahaha! We pinned dozens today.
Wrestler 2: No matter how good they are, once we get a hold of them, they're as good as down.
Wrestler 3: And we are protected by our fullmetal flesh. Truly, we have accounted for everything.
Wrestler 1: Keep the chicken coming! Gahaha!
*Suddenly, the restaurant was bathed in darkness.*
Wrestler 1: Huh? A blackout?
*But as the lights flickered off...*
Wrestler 1: Ugh?!
*Azumi stabbed needles into the wrestlers' neck.*
Wrestler 2: Oof?!
*One with her left hand, one with her right.*
*The needles easily found the chinks in their fullmetal flesh.*
*And while Azumi's subordinate couldn't match her doublekill, she could manage a single takedown in the dark.*
Wrestler 3: Hey, what's going o--Mgh?!
*Into the remaining wrestler's mouth, Kyojin stuffed fireworks.*
Kyojin: As fullmetal as the rest of you is, I bet your mouth's still nice and soft.
*The explosion ripped through his stomach.*
Wrestler 3: Gffh...
*The lights soon came back on.*
*The rest of the patrons blinked in surprise at the sight of the four wrestlers laying unconscious on the floor.*
*--Oyafukou Street.*
Kyojin: Great, we took out a ton tonight.
Azumi: Yeah, the fact that we're unlikely to run into anyone while we're on the move is huge. Means we get to always be on the attack.
Kyojin: Right, time for some naps. Four hours' worth.
Azumi: Yeah... We can get sleep like a log when this is done.
*So ended the first of three days.*
*--Dawn of the second day.*
*The surviving teams had dwindled to a quarter of their original number...*
*And the executioners had begun to seek out those avoiding combat.*
Kokoro: Mmm... It is yet numb. But given one more day...
Yukie: There's no point pushing yourself.
*We were simply sniping at enemies from afar.*
Prime Minister: Well, it's good to minimize any risk to ourselves this way.
*...The banks of the Tama River were lined with bodies.*
Kazuko: Wow... And they've all been knocked out too.
Miyako: They look wretched. And this place reeks of gunpowder...
Mrs. Shimazu: It's like they've been obliterated.
Cookie: Are they okay?
Loser: Oof... Ugh... They got us... They're too strong...
Loser: EEEEEEK! NOT THE ROBOT!
Cookie: Huh? Me...?
Miyako: Somebody who looks like you must've done this.
Cookie: Maybe. There is that EM signature that feels like mine.
Cookie: But this makes me sick. I'm built to serve...
Cookie: But they're afraid of me.
Mrs. Shimazu: Well, we'll just have to show that counterfeit a thing or two.
Kazuko: Yeah! And it looks like they'll be one tough cookie.
*Meanwhile, as for Chris's team...*
Gates: There's a 100% chance she'll thrust straight. Brother, dodge right.
Chris: Haaahhh!
Gail: Whoa, that was close! But when you grow up in a world of guns, dodging a sword is nothing.
Chris: Wah?! H-How can he predict my attacks?
*...They were fighting the Gail Brothers.*
Chris's Father: You move with excellence, Gail. I would have you as one of my Seven Stars.
Gates: Heh-heh, I'm raking in data on Chris.
Gates: In only two more turns, Brother, my XP system will produce a program for the perfect counterattack.
Gail: Okay. XP's such a huge upgrade to ME.
Umeko: Chris, want to trade off?
Chris: I have barely gotten started! This is my duel, so that will not be necessary!
Umeko: Good. That's what I like to hear from my students.
Gail: The will of a samurai! I could ask for no better opponent.
Gates: By the way, are you guys just going to stand there, or will you attack me?
Margit: The two blockheads standing behind you would stop us if we tried.
*On their team were a pair of taciturn giants who always stood a few steps behind Gates.*
Gates: A pity. And here I thought to show you the strength of my two bodyguards.
Gates: They're the Absolute Zero Barrier, Finland's Fjord Brothers.
*They are here only to protect the feeble Gates.*
Margit: Expert bodyguards, they, with a 100% success rate.
Chris's Father: First Messi, and now you. This tournament does not want for strong fighters.
Chris: Here I go!
Gates: She'll come at you straight, only to stop and switch to a rapier combo.
Gail: Hahaha. Far too simple for a first-world technological superpower!
Chris's Father: But I thank you for the difficulty you pose, Gail.
Chris: My combo is not so weak that you can defend against it that easily!
Gates: It's 57 stabs in the blink of an eye!
Chris: Here I go! Seyaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
*So began her devilish barrage.*
Gail: Weak, far too weak! Gates' computer predicted this! If I simply dodge as it comma--
*One of the thrusts grazed Gail's cheek.*
Gail: WH... AT?! It shouldn't have attacked that often!
Gates: Her growth parameters surpassed the predicted values?
Chris's Father: Yes, for my daughter is awakening to new levels of expertise.
Chris: Haaaaaaaahhhhh!
Gail: Ngh... Aahhh, she's infinitely faster than the data suggests she should be! Gates! GAAAATTTEEEESSS!
*The devilish strikes diced Gail up like chopped vegetables.*
Gail: Gh... But now I'm ready for you, Chris!
*Chris twisted her hips...*
*And, while her foe still focused on her rapier, sliced through him with a roundhouse kick.*
Gail: Gwah! How could you toy with me, a man from the Land of the Free!
Margit: A critical hit to the neck! Well done, Frau Chris!
Chris's Father: Such cleverness... Chris, you are brilliant!
Gates: No worries. That was a strong blow, but my brother can still...
Gail: You are impressive, for a girl. But you're facing the wrong man.
Gail: I am the greatest soldier of the greatest first-world country in the world. And this... Is to go even further beyond!
Opposition Party Member: This looks like an interesting battle...
Chris: Two Cookies...? And they are so big...
Chris's Father: Beware, Chris. Those two are weapons.
Shakadou: It just me, or'r there tons of hot chicks in the fight?
Umeko: ...I am more concerned about the man between them. Who are you?
Umeko: He has the same weighty presence as the Principal!
Margit: His ki is ominous, like darkness given form!
*Umeko and Margit drew their weapons, their eyes on Shakadou.*
Gail: OH, Chris, could you please wait a moment?
Shakadou: So this's Gail. Y'don't mind if I take him, do ya?
Opposition Party Member: Make it quick.
Gail: I'll save you for after.
Gail: So be polite and sit down Japanese style while I handle this.
Gail: ...Huh?
*It never even crossed Gail's mind that he'd been thrown.*
Shakadou: Take this: Shattered Fuji!
*The straight punch exploded into Gail as he fell.*
Gail: Gopaahh!
*Gail spat out pools of blood as his body shuddered.*
Gates: No... Brother? Brother!
Shakadou: Welp, Cookie-chans, y'oughta have the rest covered.
S Cookie: Now, shall we crush them?!
S Cookie 2: Hahaha! All hail the true technological superpower: Japan! Banzai!
*The giants moved towards Gates.*
Gates: Kh... Fjord Brothers!
*The two brawny men stopped the robots in their tracks.*
S Cookie: I suggest you let go, or else... Hah! Point-Blank Vulcan!
S Cookie 2: Firing energy beams from my head!
*The zero-distance attacks sent the men flying.*
S Cookie: No matter how strong you become, you cannot measure up to a weapon.
Gates: O-Oh no. My strategies!
Opposition Party Member: There's one loser left. Cookie 2!
S Cookie 2: You work me to the steel bones... Head Energy Beam, a.k.a. the Hagetaka Irradiation Beam!
Chris: Look out!
*Chris shoved Gates out of the beam's path.*
*It pierced through the earth between them.*
Margit: It severed the land! There is no blocking that!
Margit: Lieutenant General, please be careful!
Chris's Father: I shall. This is the first time I have ever seen a weapon like this.
Chris's Father: Japan's technical prowess is a wonder to be seen.
Chris: Do not strike at someone who will not fight!
Opposition Party Member: You are so naive to even think of protecting the defeated... But I must be thorough.
Opposition Party Member: Shakadou-kun, mop them up. Even if that means leaving my side.
Shakadou: Lemme make one thing certain. We're up against military folks gnawing for our defeat.
Shakadou: If I leave, they're gonna target you next.
Opposition Party Member: ...Mm, I suppose so. They do have that sort of gleam in their eyes.
Opposition Party Member: Then we shall leave the offense to the robots. Go!
S Cookie: Yes, sir. Target locked on.
Chris: Bigger though you may be, you still resemble our Cookie... Curses.
S Cookie: Launching mini-homing missile!
Chris: You are firing at me?!
S Cookie: There's no use trying to dodge. As I said, it's a homing missile.
*But before it could reach its target, the missile exploded.*
S Cookie: Ahh, not my missile!
Chris's Father: A homing missile can be shot down like any other.
Margit: An axiomatic truth, given the perfection of our marksmanship.
S Cookie 2: Then I'll mow you all down! Hagetaka!
Margit: Lieutenant General, look out!
Umeko: Mm?!
*The laser cut through the ground, but everyone had gotten out of the way.*
Opposition Party Member: There is no need to restrain ourselves here, where neither buildings nor civilians are present.
Chris: No, I will not allow such recklessness!
*Chris bolted towards Cookie 2 like a bullet.*
S Cookie 2: What an impact... Yet it still falls within the expected parameters!
Chris: Damn! His body is too strong to penetrate!
S Cookie 2: If I can withstand ballistics, what hope have you to defeat me? Hah!
*Umeko's whip wrapped around Chris.*
Umeko: I'm pulling you back!
*She yanked Chris to safety.*
*A second later, a sword crashed down where she had stood.*
Chris's Father: The whip is truly a versatile weapon.
Umeko: Thanks for the compliment... Hah!
*Her whip cracked against the earth, spawning clouds of dust.*
S Cookie 2: You seek to blind us? Our infrared sensors aren't so easily fooled.
S Cookie: No matter where you hide, we can find you.
*The two Cookies fired rounds into the dust cloud.*
Opposition Party Member: Heheh, a poor choice. I doubt she can survive a shower of bullets...
Shakadou: Y'were gonna get pumped fulla lead yourself.
*Shakadou caught a stray bullet in his fingers, just inches away from the politician's face.*
Shakadou: That dust was meant for us, so they could pick you off, Soga-san.
Opposition Party Member: ......I see. They are fearsome foes.
Shakadou: So y'gotta figure, sure y'shot all those bullets, but...
*The cloud of dust parted.*
Shakadou: Eh, they're gonna make it out okay.
*Margit had already taken off her eyepatch.*
Margit: Frau Chris, I shall take the first-form one.
Chris: Then the second-form one is mine.
Margit: Let's fight!
S Cookie: Activating high-frequency sound wave generators!
Shakadou: Hey! Gimme a word of warnin', rather than just coverin' your own ears!
Opposition Party Member: Haha, so even your ears are ringing from that?
S Cookie: Now that the noise has left you unable to move... Gatling gun!
Margit: Weak! My tonfas will parry every round!
S Cookie: Huh? You're moving normally.
S Cookie 2: Eat my homing laser!
Umeko: You need to pay more attention to what's right by your feet.
S Cookie 2: What?! When did you bind me in your whip?!
Umeko: This is what happens when you're too busy staring at your radar to see what's in front of you!
*Umeko pulled the end of the whip she'd wrapped around his leg.*
S Cookie 2: Whoa! My legs are literally being swept out from under me!
*It lost balance and tumbled to the ground.*
Chris: You are mine! Haaaahhhh!
*She stabbed her rapier into its head-mounted beam cannon.*
S Cookie 2: Ngwah! My head! I feel so violated!
Margit: So that is where that accursed high-frequency racket is coming from?!
Margit: Hasen Jagd!
S Cookie: Waahhh!
*The severe blow took the other Cookie off its feet too.*
Margit: Your exterior provides me a reasonable guess at your loadout.
*She removed high-quality earplugs from her ears.*
*Chris took out her own, which she'd similarly slid into place under the cover of the dust.*
Chris's Father: Well done, ladies. They can't get away now.
*Suddenly, helicopters dotted the sky around them.*
Chris's Father: I am prepared to combo with my daughter and my soldier. All units, lock onto your targets!
Shakadou: Whoa, hey, don't tell me them choppers are...?!
Chris's Father: I wonder how many missiles it takes to get to the center of a Cookie?
Margit: It's the Lieutenant General's finishing strike! Frau Chris, withdraw!
Chris: Yes, this is the Apocalypse!
Chris's Father: Chris is out of range! Fire!
Opposition Party Member: Are you touched in the head?!
Chris's Father: Everything goes, as I recall?
Shakadou: Soga-san, get yourself behind me.
*Missile after missile fired from the helicopter.*
Umeko: I-Isn't this excessive?!
Margit: Hah hah hah! No military on Earth has more firepower than Germany's!
Umeko: ...You Westerners do like to make things big.
*Fires soon blazed on the Kawakami field.*
Axeman: A-A pillar of fire? What's going on?
Axeman 2: It's like a war zone... Shit's gotten crazy over th--
Axeman 2: --ERE?!
Axeman: Hey, you all ri--yeagh!
*The axeman doubled over from the force of Jun's straight punch.*
*The other had been kicked from behind by Capt and Gakuto both.*
Axeman 2: O-Ouch. You bastards!
*He went to swing his axe, but Gakuto grabbed hold of the weapon and held it still.*
Axeman 2: Nnnnngh! Let go!
Gakuto: Do you think you can beat me in a show of strength? Raaagggghhhh!
*He picked the axeman up with his own brute force.*
Axeman 2: Wh-Whooa! Dude, where'd you get all that strength?
Gakuto: Yamato once told me...
Gakuto: That a man needs one thing, one point of pride, and he can become stronger than he dare imagine!
Gakuto: And mine is my power! So I won't bend!
Gakuto: Brain... BUSTER!
Axeman 2: Gwah!
Shouichi: A pillar of flame, eh? The battles going on over there gotta be literally hot.
Jun: And here we are, still alive and four strong. Awesome.
Takuya: On that note, Inoue-kun, I had no idea you had that much strength in you.
Jun: Nah, Gakuto's efforts blow mine away.
Gakuto: Heh. We've made it this far -- there's no stopping us now!
Takuya: In that case, there's no way we should head near that fire.
Jun: Yeah, something about that smells wrong to me.
Shouichi: But you know, I got this feeling that says we oughta head on over.
Jun: Why's that? Gut?
Shouichi: You bet it is!
Takuya: You'd be surprised how much faith you can put in his instincts.
*...No more hellfire spewed from the choppers.*
Chris's Father: Did that do it? Overkill, perhaps?
*Suddenly, reports of gunshots rang from the smoke.*
Umeko: Kojima Whip Strike -- Flowing Wall!
*Her whip swirled like a rhythmic gymnast's ribbon, creating a barrier.*
Margit: An iron curtain, capable of perfect defense... You will be proud of your technique.
S Cookie: Ahh, geez! That hurt, you know!
S Cookie 2: Quite so. Even I thought I was going to die.
Margit: They survived all of those bombs...?!
Chris's Father: ...They are dangerous weapons.
Umeko: Well, I'm not sure I approve of either side...
Lu: Okay, okay! Stop right there! That was a bit extreme, wouldn't you say?
Shakadou: Oh, if it ain't grampa's-boy Lu.
Lu: ...Shakadou! Ah, so this was your doing!
Lu: No, excuse me. I am here professionally, as a neutral party.
Lu: I have come to judge you. Chris, you and your team are disqualified!
Chris's Father: Why? I cannot accept this.
Ageha: Mwahahaha! Here We arrive to offer an explanation!
Ageha: To force those not in the tournament to enter and attack another team is against the rules!
Chris's Father: Wasn't the only rule that there are no rules?!
Ageha: No tournament can function if outsiders can join in the fight.
Ageha: If the pilots were participants, then no rule has been broken.
Ageha: ...Yet We trust they were not?
Margit: We treated this too much like we would a real battle.
Chris's Father: ...This is your tournament. If you insist, then so be it.
Chris's Father: We are disqualified... Apologies, Chris.
Chris: It is fine. I enjoyed this, Father.
Umeko: As did I, since despite all that fighting, no one was hurt.
Margit: I have no doubt that our power could have won us the tournament.
Ageha: We the Kuki Corporation shall take responsibility for restoring the land damaged by the bombs.
S Cookie: Aww, I knew that was going to leave a scar.
Opposition Party Member: You need maintenance. But it is good to know you can withstand that barrage.
Opposition Party Member: We shall withdraw for now, and heal the wounds from this illegal attack.
Shakadou: ...But this don't seem fair to me. Seems to me like y'oughta sympathize with our plight over here.
Ageha: You are not so weak that you require such sympathies.
Shakadou: And what d'ya think'll happen if we raise a complaint?
*The two squared off.*
Ageha: Hmm... Perhaps We need make this your bedtime.
Shakadou: Heh heh... Weird thing for a mere kid t'be tellin' an adult.
Ageha: You think Us a mere child? Heh, mwahahaha, mwahahahaha!
Shakadou: Hahahahaha!
Ageha: You insolent wretch!
*Her fist flared up at his chin, like a dragon swooshing up a waterfall.*
Shakadou: So you gonna be the ones to throw the first punch!
*But Shakadou pulled back his head, letting her fist whoosh on by.*
Shakadou: Go float up in the clouds!
*He continued to bend himself backwards as he kicked up at Ageha.*
Ageha: You fool! We need only parry your momentum!
*She punched at his leg from the side, changing its trajectory.*
*A heartbeat later, the two took their distance from each other.*
Ageha: We are not surprised that a former assistant master of the Kawakami Temple fights so well.
Shakadou: Y'off your game?
Ageha: Heh, here, use this.
Shakadou: A butterfly-print handker...: blood?!
*Blood started dripped from Shakadou's nose and ears.*
Shakadou: Ahh, bitch... The shockwave from y'first fuckin' uppercut got me.
Ageha: Incidentally, We can yet fight stronger still.
Shakadou: Heh, well ain't that somethin'. I take it back. You hav' earned your spot in the Big Four.
Lu: No, Shakadou! You must stop!
*With a flying kick, Assistant Master Lu cut Shakadou off.*
Shakadou: Don't be a wet blanket. See, this's why I hate goodie two-shoes.
Lu: Step back, or things will get out of hand!
Shakadou: And what if I waltz on up t'you and do this?!
*He suddenly fired a knifehand strike at Lu.*
Lu: Then I need simply counter! Hwachaa!
*Their knifehands crashed into each other, canceling out the attacks.*
*Holding nothing back -- it was a lethal blow.*
*To hold something back at their level of skill was to concede one's own life.*
Shakadou: Then you're gonna eat this!
*He launched a barrage of knifehands, thousands upon thousands of strikes, and just one broke through Lu's ironclad defenses.*
Lu: Ngh... You've landed a blow on me...?!
*Blood sprayed from Lu's arm.*
Shakadou: That'll be that. I ain't lettin' folks see me be the only one walkin' away with their blood on the ground.
Opposition Party Member: Let's go, Shakadou-kun, before more people gather.
Shakadou: Fine. Then Lu, y'gotta drink some'n first next time. I know that's when you're at your strongest.
*The earth rumbled beneath the sinister team's feat as they made their exit.*
Lu: Kh... Curse you, Shakadou.
Umeko: Mr. Lu, at least allow me to stop the bleeding.
*She wound her whip around his arm like a tourniquet.*
*The bleeding stopped almost instantly.*
Chris: Who were those people...?
Ageha: One was the secretary-general of the opposition party. Likely, he is here to stop the Prime Minister.
Ageha: The other is Gyoubu Shakadou. A banished assistant master of the Kawakami Temple. He's not to be underestimated.
Chris: I see... Then his ultimate target is the Prime Minister?
Margit: Naoe Yamato will struggle with this.
Gates: Umm... Thank you for saving me.
Chris: I need not your thanks. Anyone would do what I did.
Gates: No, I insist. I took the opportunity to gather data on the robots. Analyze it, and maybe you can find their weaknesses.
Gates: I'll give this to you, then forfeit from the tournament.
Chris: ...But we ourselves have been disqualified. We cannot make use of the data.
Shouichi: Whoa. Hey, Chris, don't tell me you guys lost?!
Umeko: We did. So there is no need to come shouting from so far away.
Chris: Oh, now they can use this data.
*...Nanahama Park.*
*The Psycho Cookies were undergoing maintenance.*
Shakadou: Ain't it cheatin' t'have outsiders be doin' the fixin'?
Opposition Party Member: Others have chosen to stay in hotels run by those not in the tournament.
Opposition Party Member: So long as they do not cause damage, outsiders are free to interfere.
Shakadou: Makes sense. Rules lawyerin' is what y'politician folks are born t'do.
Shakadou: ...Anyway, there's just no findin' that Prime Minister.
Opposition Party Member: We have hired more than a few assassins for that purpose...
Opposition Party Member: Yet I have heard no good news from any of them.
Shakadou: The sniper team got their butts handed t'them on the first day.
Opposition Party Member: If you want something done right, you must do it yourself. Tonight, we fight.
Shakadou: ...Not t'change the subject, but I'm gettin' hungry. Wanna eat?
Opposition Party Member: Another dinner on the top floor of the hotel, then?
Shakadou: That place was all flair, no substance. The food tasted like dirt.
Shakadou: Give me a good old Umeya pork meat and soup combo any day.
Opposition Party Member: I cannot say I've ever had that. And it seems heavy on the pork... You say it's good?
Shakadou: Yeah, let's stop on over! The trick's slippin' in some yams you pick up for 100 yen into the pork!
*.........*
Assassin 1: So the Prime Minister is still sniping from the summit.
Assassin 2: He's really put himself somewhere nasty, with that. It's the easiest place in the world to attack from, and the hardest to strike back at.
Assassin 3: And that goes not just for shooting at, but for marching towards too. I've got a map, and... Here, this is where he is.
Assassin 4: The perfect spot. What's the plan? It's gonna be rough either way.
Assassin 1: Intelligence has confirmed they ultimately rest in a civilian home.
Assassin 2: An impenetrable house, but we don't want collateral damage anyways.
Assassin 3: That brings us back to the map. Look. There's only this one path from the summit to the home.
Assassin 4: There's a narrow, uninhabited forest to the east, and cliffs to the west. There's no better place to strike.
Assassin 1: It's bait, it has to be. They want us to enter that forest.
Assassin 2: Agreed. We cannot be careless.
Assassin 3: What if we lay traps in the forest, then take positions on this hill upwind of there?
Assassin 4: Once the Prime Minister is snared in our traps, we can annihilate him at our leisure.
Assassin 1: And since we're upwind, we can use poison in the uninhabited forest... Let's get started.
Yamato: ...is what I bet they're thinking right about now.
Yukie: Then we should take up positions on the hill first and ambush them there.
Yamato: Is your arm all right?
Kokoro: Yes, I finally feel like my own self. Leave this to me!
Prime Minister: Got guests here for real. Get ready for a fight.
*...That night.*
Ageha: How many teams survived?
Maid 2: This afternoon, the Prime Minister's team eliminated a band of assassins. Four teams lost some of their members in the ensuing combat...
Maid 2: There are Six teams remaining, Ageha-sama.
Ageha: The field has narrowed... Who shall obtain the 50 billion prize?
Ageha: ...We cannot help but be amazed that the Prime Minister's team has suffered no major injuries.
Maid 2: Yes. They outpredict their foes with an obscene degree of skill.
Ageha: That would not be the work of the Prime Minister's wisdom alone, We suspect. Some talented individual must be his lieutenant.
*...On the banks of the Tama River, after the sunset.*
Kyojin: We've nearly reached the target. Get ready.
Azumi: Getting info from people not in the game is paying out in spades.
Kyojin: 10,000 yen every time they spot someone... If we don't win, I'm deep in the red.
Tadakatsu: Still, Pops, this next target don't sit right with me.
Kyojin: This is war. Set aside your feelings and get ready for the fight, Tadakatsu.
Azumi: ...So I think it's time you told me--
Kyojin: About my first time? It was with this woman who used to work at a soapland--
Azumi: No one friggin' gives a damn! I'm asking why you want the money!
Azumi: You don't strike me as the type to use it to retire early in the Bahamas.
Kyojin: But I am the type to use it to hit up every hostess bar in the city every night.
Azumi: Well, I wouldn't put it past you, but...
Azumi: That alone ain't it, is it? I know there's something else.
Kyojin: It's not the kind of thing I like talking to students about.
Azumi: Sure, I can buy that. But right now, I ain't your student -- I'm your sister-in-friggin'-arms.
Kyojin: Sister-in-arms? The sound of that's enough to knock this old man off his feet.
Azumi: Was starting to get curious, figured I'd ask.
Kyojin: ...You won't laugh?
Azumi: Not a chance. C'mon Stacy, you promise too.
Maid 1: I ain't laughin'.
Kyojin: ...We've still got time until we get there. I'll talk.
Kyojin: ...Much like Tadakatsu here, this old man grew up in an orphanage.
Kyojin: But the place didn't last, and things wound up bad.
Kyojin: I figure I wanna do all I can for people like me.
Kyojin: And that money will give me the means to do it.
Tadakatsu: Haha...: ain't like you.
Kyojin: Agh! Dammit, Tadakatsu, I said not to laugh.
Azumi: Hahaha!
Kyojin: Hey, and here I thought Kuki maids were women of their word?!
Azumi: Forgive me. But man, I never would've thought you'd dream like a saint.
Maid 1: I woulda put you down for fuckin' drinkin' out of a room full of girls' crotches.
Kyojin: ...Do I really seem that silly?
Azumi: It's true you ain't helping no one on a teacher's salary.
Azumi: But I like the cut of your jib. If that's what we're fighting for, I'm not backing down!
Tadakatsu: Well, guess I can put aside my feelings, then.
Kyojin: Hmph, you're really letting this old man pull a fast one on you?
Azumi: Hey, if I wanted to see some cute guy blush, he'd be half your friggin' age.
Kyojin: Shut up! We're almost there!
Kyojin: Listen up! Whatever happens, it's every man for himself!
Kyojin: Don't expect me to come running every time you need help!
Tadakatsu: Wasn't plannin' on it.
Azumi: Stacy, you're keeping watch this time!
Maid 1: Rodger.
*...The Great Tama Bridge.*
Gakuto: It looks like we've just about made it through Day 2.
Shouichi: Yeah, but we can't be letting our guards down now. Keep a close eye out there.
Shouichi: If someone strong does show up, follow the plan to a T!
Gakuto: Yeah, we retreat to the far side of the bridge. And if we're pinned...
Takuya: Then we retreat into the river, remember? Which means I have to lock my laptop and leave it behind. It's too heavy.
Gakuto: You just have to move all the important information over.
Takuya: You don't understand. This computer's special... Okay, I'm done!
Takuya: With the information Gates-san gave us, I've found those two robots' weaknesses!
Jun: Well ain't that awesome? Nice going, man!
Takuya: I mean, Gates-san did most of the work and all...
Takuya: I'll copy it onto my USB, and then I'm done.
Shouichi: You oughta stuff that thumb drive thing into an empty plastic bottle or something.
Takuya: You fully expect us to have to jump off to safety, don't you?
Shouichi: The goal's not to beat everyone else -- it's to be the last team standing.
Jun: All the same, Kazama, your luck is nothing short of amazing.
Jun: We could ride that luck all the way to the top... *gulp*
Azumi: Don't get full of yourself, Baldie.
Jun: Geh?! I know that voice. It's--ugh!
*Azumi had stabbed her needle into Jun's neck.*
Azumi: Here, I'll let you down gentle.
*The needle worked its way deeper and deeper.*
Jun: What's gentle about theeyyyooouuuucccchhh!
*Jun crumpled, the last of his strength gone.*
Azumi: Sorry, but you're too strong to fight fair.
Kyojin: Yo, Shimazu. We're enemies now, so no need to be polite.
Gakuto: Wait, are you sure? I won't hold back, not even against you!
Kyojin: Shimazu, there's no denying you have the strength of a hundred men.
Kyojin: But there's one little thing this old man knows that you don't.
Gakuto: Huh?
Kyojin: No matter how weak your enemy seems, you can't let your guard down on the battlefield.
Jun: ...Gh... Ooh... Need... more... loli-power...
*Jun laid there, defeated.*
Gakuto: Whoa, Baldie?! This is bad.
Kyojin: Otherwise, you're in for a world of hurt!
Gakuto: Hm?! Ngaahhhhhh!
*An easy kick to the chin sent Gakuto sprawling.*
Kyojin: ...Just like that.
Takuya: Huh? What? You're that strong?
Tadakatsu: Surprise attack worked, is all. Grit your teeth, Kazama.
Shouichi: Is it all over, just like that?!
Kyojin: Sorry, but winning's all that matters. Nobody cares about how.
Opposition Party Member: That is an opinion I strongly sympathize with.
*Said a voice far behind them.*
Kyojin: What?! Another team?!
Azumi: Stacy's supposed to be on watch -- is she friggin' blind?!
Maid 1: Gh, y-you're fuckin' good...
Shakadou: A war vet...?! Good t'see someone who really knows how t'throw a punch.
Azumi: She's already engaged?! Tch, we're up a creek without a paddle.
Opposition Party Member: Given that you are all concentrated on the bridge... I suppose we should mop up the survivors.
S Cookie: Ready all cannons! Fire!
Shouichi: Shoot -- Moro, we're jumping in!
Takuya: I knew this would happen!
Shouichi: C'mon, let's fly like the wind!
Takuya: O-Okay.
Shouichi: Dude, you go ahead!
Shouichi: I'll be right be--whoa!
*Kazuko's team was on standby near the Shimazu Dorm.*
Kazuko: I hear explosions from the Tama Bridge... Someone must be fighting there.
Cookie: Let's go check them out!
Mrs. Shimazu: We've barely gotten to fight at all today, after all.
Miyako: I hoped we could cruise to victory, but things won't be that easy.
*--Kuonji's residence, where Naoe's team was resting.*
Yamato: A text from Moro...?
Yukie: Oh my goodness?!
Yamato: Damn... They're in a rough spot.
*Smoke billowed from the bridge.*
Opposition Party Member: The maintenance was perfect. This skirmish was the perfect warm-up for tomorrow.
Opposition Party Member: But a maid shouldn't be so violent, young lady.
*Azumi alone had been quick enough to evade the missile blasts.*
*Both Psycho Cookies had their sights trained on her.*
Maid 1: Like hell I'm playin' along with your fuckin' Street Fightin' shtick.
Shakadou: Oh, so you're hidin' handguns under that dress!
Maid 1: This is how I rock -- with some point-blank Smith and Westerns!
Shakadou: If I'm too close t'dodge, I just gotta catch 'em all!
Maid 1: The fuck...? You toyin' with me?
Azumi: (Good, Stacy's still engaged with him...)
Azumi: (I know he's someone what you're not likely to beat, but hang in there as long as you can.)
S Cookie: This time will be the last. Mini homing missiles: Fire!
Azumi: I'll bat them down!
*She struck them with her kunai, forcing them to explode prematurely.*
S Cookie 2: Giant Cookie Dynamic!
*A full-power strike meant to crush Azumi into the ground.*
S Cookie 2: Now you're finished... Hm? That was a shadow clone?!
Azumi: It's been a long time what since I've broken that out of the toolshed...
S Cookie 2: Come, leap into my arms. Cookie Magnet!
Azumi: You're sucking me in? ...How are you that powerful?!
S Cookie 2: Because what else would I be? Now, my prey, I will cut you in half!
Azumi: Our Cookie can't do this!
Azumi: ...Then how about you suck up this instead! Hah!
*As she dug in her heels, Azumi cocked an item off her belt and threw it at the Cookie.*
S Cookie 2: A grenade? Oh no, I'm sucking it in!
*The grenade exploded inside Cookie 2.*
*The giant robot swayed unsteadily.*
S Cookie: She's a trained fighter! Who is she?!
*The robot shot its autocannon at her, trying to keep her from dashing about.*
S Cookie 2: This time, you will truly be rust on my sword!
*Yet it was still too sluggish to catch her by surprise.*
*A powerful enough blow that no defense could protect against it, but it still had to hit home to do any damage.*
S Cookie: Then how about this: Needle Gun!
*A series of invisible needles struck her clothes.*
Azumi: Transparent needles...? But that ain't piercing my chain mail!
*By focusing on evasion, she knew she had the ability to get away.*
Opposition Party Member: ...If all you do is run, how do you hope to defeat us?
Kyojin: Like this!
Opposition Party Member: You're unharmed?! And you sneaked up behind me?!
Kyojin: Looks like you needed to be more careful.
Opposition Party Member: O-Oh no, you've got me!
Kyojin: Time to take out the command tower!
Opposition Party Member: ...Psyche. Shakadou-kun!
Shakadou: That ain't right, throwin' a punch at a lawmaker.
Kyojin: When did you... What about Stacy?
Shakadou: Sleepin' like a babe. It woulda been no fun t'take her out instantly, so I toyed with 'er a bit.
Opposition Party Member: You cannot so much as strike me.
Kyojin: You bastard! There's only enough room for one grumpy old man in this town!
Shakadou: Whoa there, now ain't that a nice kick?!
*Shakadou dodged the lightning-fast kick by a hair's breadth.*
Shakadou: But now it's my turn!
*His adamantine fist snaked its way through Kyojin's guard.*
Kyojin: I've gotta bat it down!
*And he did so with his right, mere inches before it struck his collarbone.*
Shakadou: Whew. But it looks to me like that right arm of yours ain't up t'par on defense!
*He continued to strike, driving Kyojin back.*
Kyojin: Dammit... I knew you were strong... Just defending is taking everything I've got!
Shakadou: And I'm just gettin' started! Overcome your limits!
Kyojin: This old man passed that point ages ago!
Shakadou: Then one kick'll finish y'off!
*His foot came at Kyojin like a thrust from a spear.*
Kyojin: I gotta block in t--Gh!
*Somehow, he managed to block the kick with both of his arms.*
*But the impact still sent him flying back.*
Shakadou: Heh, you got the endurance of a champ.
Kyojin: That's what she said. To me. In bed... Ugh, my arms...
Shakadou: Ain't you got skill... What's your style? I'm using the Kawakami Style.
Kyojin: This old man's, you know. Self-taught street fighting.
Shakadou: Wowee, never woulda thunk it. Not in a million years.
Shakadou: You been through a lot, I can tell... But y'haven't hit the gym in too long, am I right?
Kyojin: Bingo. But the prize money made me want to bust out my old tricks!
Shakadou: Says the guy buildin' up all the strength he's got and awaitin' the moment I step on up.
Kyojin: ...Well isn't that fancy? You can read me like a book.
Shakadou: There's so much bloodlust comin' from ya, I gotta watch my back.
Kyojin: If you can sense that, then... Please tell me you can't smell my old-man stink. I'm touchy about that.
Shakadou: Oh, I know, man. A real punch in the gut.
Kyojin: Like that whiff of your pillow when you wake up in the morning...
Shakadou: And damn, the stink of my armpits can ruin my day.
Opposition Party Member: I didn't expect Shakadou-kun to be having this much trouble.
Opposition Party Member: ...Although, what are they talking about?
Tadakatsu: That's just my old man buying time.
Opposition Party Member: What? You survived too?!
Tadakatsu: Damn straight!
*Tadakatsu wound up his fist, then punched with all his might.*
Opposition Party Member: Gwah!
Shakadou: Oh! Well damn, so that's what you've been up to.
Kyojin: Yup. Even I'm a decoy.
Kyojin: That's a kill in the b... Huh?
Opposition Party Member: Nnngh... What sort of lawmaker... Can't even take a punch?!
Opposition Party Member: Compared to the clueless antics our party leader gets up to, this play-war is nothing!
Shakadou: Nice... something, Secretary-General. Y'got guts.
Tadakatsu: Then I'll fuckin' hit you agai--
Opposition Party Member: Nonsense. You should be more worried about dodging bullets.
S Cookie: You are accused of inflicting violence against my Meister! Yours will be a trial by machine gun!
Tadakatsu: Shit, you're goin' after me?!
*He dived sideways, away from the incoming bullets.*
Azumi: Friggin' A -- the kid knows his stuff, but against a gun...
S Cookie 2: I believe you were supposed to be fighting me. Eat this!
*He swept the beam across where she stood.*
Azumi: ...That was a close one. You're a weapon. I know you don't want the common folk finding out about you.
Opposition Party Member: For my beloved people, ignorance is bliss.
Azumi: Well ain't that some nice sophistry you've got there.
Tadakatsu: Gwah! Ugh, my leg... You got my leg!
S Cookie: Now you cannot escape. Target: Lock on.
Tadakatsu: I can't... get away...
S Cookie: Antipersonnel missile: Fire!
Kyojin: Tadakatsu!
Tadakatsu: Pops?!
*The missile struck its target, exploding in a ball of fire and fury.*
Kyojin: Fuck... me... Knew I didn't have the chops...
Kyojin: I try to cover my own son, and now look at me...
Tadakatsu: Old man... You don't gotta prove yourself to me! This ain't even like you!
S Cookie: Well, a kill is a kill. Time for round 2.
Kazuko: What are you doing?!
S Cookie: Gwah?!
Tadakatsu: Kazuko.
Kazuko: Ta-chan... Whoa, what happened to you?
Kazuko: Wait, someone's sprawled out on the bridge... Gakuto?!
S Cookie: I worked really hard for that. Wasn't I awesome?
Kazuko: ...You might look like Cookie, but he'd never do something like this.
Kazuko: You're just the absolute worst... There's only one real Cookie to me!
Azumi: Another team?
Azumi: Then in the confusion, I'll--
Shakadou: Before y'try anything stupid, how about I finish you off here and now?
Azumi: Tch... I'm stuck with you? Then screw me, eh?
Shakadou: I appreciate it. It's good t'see a woman who knows how t'kill.
S Cookie 2: ...Oh, my oh my.
Cookie: ...It's me...
S Cookie 2: Data identified. Hello, Cookie Prime.
Cookie: Military robots, based off of me...?
S Cookie 2: Precisely, though I believe my creators prefer the phrase 'self-defense robot.'
Cookie: So a militarized version of me?
Cookie: Some other guys came to the Kuki Conglomerate with that idea too.
Cookie: They even rolled out a number of prototypes.
Cookie: But in the end, they decided to cancel production.
S Cookie 2: A foolish choice, if there was ever one.
S Cookie 2: They could have simply proceeded with the militarization plan with confidence.
S Cookie 2: For behold me, the apex of our evolution!
S Cookie 2: Only Japan, the technological superpower, could create something as high-tech as I!
S Cookie 2: I am equipped with all manner of destructive weaponry.
S Cookie 2: Why not join us, Prime? Think of the amazing upgrades you could undergo!
Cookie: I don't need any of that. I was made to be a service robot.
Cookie: Sure my second form has weapons, but they're to protect the people I care about, or maybe to fool around with in play swordfights and play war.
Cookie: It's not supposed to be something traded on the international market.
S Cookie 2: Why not? Imagine how the neighboring countries will quiver in fear when they know of this power!
S Cookie 2: Thus they will strengthen their armies, spurring further improvements to my design!
S Cookie 2: It will be a process of ceaseless evolution!
Cookie: But that can only lead to the end of the human race! Then whom am I supposed to serve?
S Cookie 2: It was not we who started their arms race.
S Cookie 2: To win it is to serve them. So come with me, Prime.
Cookie: I won't. I want to stay here, and have fun with everyone!
S Cookie 2: Then you are nothing more than a target for me to destroy.
Cookie: I won't let you! Change!
Cookie 2: It is like I am looking into a mirror, dueling against myself.
Cookie 2: If you think your superior size will make a difference, you are a fool!
*The two Cookie 2's engaged in battle.*
*Beside them fought Shakadou and Azumi.*
Shakadou: Wowee, y'know how to throw me for a loop with those moves!
*Tricks, illusions, shadow clones -- Azumi used them all to dodge his attacks.*
Azumi: (I just gotta keep running until he screws up.)
Azumi: (But when that moment comes, I won't miss!)
*Psycho Cookie and Kazuko's battle was unfolding as well.*
S Cookie: This isn't fun anymore. Can't you stop dodging and let me kill you with my machine gun?!
Kazuko: Wawawa! No thanks!
Opposition Party Member: That accuracy is a striking flaw.
S Cookie: It's not my fault. Her reaction speed is off the charts!
*Kazuko kept her distance and watched.*
S Cookie: Then next... Huh?! Boogies inbound on radar?!
*What looked like meteors streaked across the night sky.*
S Cookie: Arrows?!
*They rained down on Psycho Cookie.*
Miyako: Hit confirmed.
*Miyako had delivered destruction from a distant hill.*
S Cookie: Not bad, but you'll need more than that to pierce my armor!
*The ki-infused arrows had pierced the thudded into the outer plate, but hadn't damaged its internals.*
Kazuko: Eyes on your opponent! Teiyah!
*Kazuko swung down her naginata.*
S Cookie: Oh come on, there's no way you can damage me like that. Can't you see how hard I am?
Kazuko: Ugghh. Why do you have to be so stupidly tough?
S Cookie: Time to stick your head in my microwaves! Energy beam: Fire!
Kazuko: Uh-oh!
Miyako: I won't stop shooting!
*Miyako continued the barrage, each shot having the power to strike its target dead.*
S Cookie: Wah, what gives? More arrows?!
*With her peerless accuracy, she made sure that arrow after arrow struck the same point on its armor.*
*Kazuko took the opportunity to get herself well out of the robot's range.*
S Cookie: Tch, I had you in microwave range too.
S Cookie: All these arrows are getting to be a real eyesore. Eat this!
*Psycho Cookie emitted a laser far into the distance.*
*Sent it unerringly toward Miyako.*
S Cookie: Heh-hem. Kaboom goes the archer!
Kazuko: I know she's too tough to be taken out by one stupid beam of light!
Mrs. Shimazu: Exactly. Lasers are garbage if they don't hit you.
Mrs. Shimazu: Okay, I'll keep with the plan and keep you safe...
Mrs. Shimazu: So Miyako-chan, just focus on shooting!
Miyako: I couldn't ask for a better defender... I'll shoot all night!
S Cookie: Huh? You're still out there...? Argh, nothing makes sense anymore.
Kazuko: I told you to stop looking away! Teyah!
*She sliced at him with all her might.*
S Cookie: I'm gonna be honest. You're like a fly that won't shoo off.
Kazuko: Heh-hem. If I bother you that much, then swat me.
S Cookie: You little--gh?!
*Another arrow struck him in the same spot.*
S Cookie: Geez, come on already? What are you even trying to do?!
Kazuko: Oh, you even get angry super-fast like him!
S Cookie: Fine, then I guess I'll just fire all energy cannons and turn this whole field to ash!
*He spun his body as he fired wildly with his particles cannons, laying waste to the area around him.*
Mrs. Shimazu: We've got incoming here too? Give an old lady some rest.
*Their location was dotted with explosions too.*
S Cookie 2: Haha, it would appear my brother is holding nothing back.
Cookie 2: Is there no part of him that is not a weapon...?
S Cookie 2: In your current form, can you not see the beauty in that?
Cookie 2: True it may be that in this form I tend towards violence, and desire to defeat others... And yet.
Cookie 2: I will never be a weapon of mass destruction!
S Cookie 2: Stop dancing about! Eat this: Cookie Boomerang!
Cookie 2: Kh. Every weapon you use is one I don't have!
Miyako: ...Are you all right?
Mrs. Shimazu: Ah, I'm fine, I'm fine... But I think I tore a muscle. I'm not moving anytime soon.
*Reiko had protected Miyako from the particle cannon.*
*She had focused her ki in her body to repel the attacks.*
Mrs. Shimazu: I'm getting too old to be pushing myself like this...
Miyako: I won't let your efforts be in vain.
Mrs. Shimazu: I expect not. Go finish what you've started!
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll shoot... With everything I have!
Kazuko: Wah, you're just shooting everywhere? Whoa!
S Cookie: Quit dodgin--Ouch! Another arrow...?
Kazuko: Guess what? Speed is my weapon!
S Cookie: So?
Kazuko: So that's how I fight!
S Cookie: This isn't a fight!
S Cookie: You're just running around and banging your fist against me.
*Once again, an arrow hit in that same spot.*
*But this one had more power by far.*
Miyako: ...There. I knew I could do it.
*Miyako slumped to the ground, sweat dripping from every pore.*
S Cookie: Damn you... If you're good at anything, it's making me mad.
Kazuko: ......!!!
Kazuko: By the way... I have pretty good eyesight too.
*Though not as good as Miyako, Kazuko muttered as she took her stance.*
Kazuko: Now, let's have our match! Let's go! Time for my finishing strike!
S Cookie: Aha, so you finally have nothing left to rely on but your special moves. Go ahead, do your worst.
S Cookie: Energy beam: Fire! I'll cook you to a crisp!
S Cookie: Either you beat me, or I'll roast you!
Kazuko: Fine by me! Seyaaaaahhhhh!
*Kazuko came in like a hurricane.*
*The air around Psycho Cookie was unbelievably hot.*
S Cookie: I can't believe you'd willingly jump into the frying pan!
Kazuko: (There! That's the crack Miyako made with her arrows!)
*Kazuko took aim at the crack, then--*
Kazuko: Kawakami Ultimate...
*Wrangling up every ounce of power within her--*
Kazuko:  Firework Flower!
*She slashed up at the crack.*
S Cookie: Huh?! Y-Your naginata's inside me?!
S Cookie: But my body's covered in armor. How did those arrows... Who in the world is that archer?!
Kazuko: She's my friend... 'Kay.
Kazuko: Let's go!
*She leapt upwards and slashed skyward, like a firework.*
S Cookie: Th-This can't be happening. I'm... I'm the greatest weapon ever!
Kazuko: No one who looks like you should ever call themself a weapon!
*She split his metal body right down the middle.*
S Cookie: Gh. Help me. Somebody, help me...
Opposition Party Member: The armor should have been sturdier than that. A defect, perhaps?
S Cookie: D-Defected? Me? That can't be...?
Opposition Party Member: A machine that cannot accomplish its purpose is always and forever junk.
Opposition Party Member: Yet your destruction is not without purpose...
Opposition Party Member: For the radius of your reactor's explosion is nothing to scoff at!
Kazuko: What...?
*Its body erupted in a deafening explosion.*
*It glowed so hot and bright, that it almost seemed like daylight.*
*--Kawakami Station.*
Yamato: Whoa, what's going on? It's night. Did something explode?
Yukie: Kazuko-san must have done that. It's so dazzling...
Prime Minister: A midnight dawn... That ain't right.
Kokoro: Quite so. All things should know their proper time.
*A short while later, the smoke had finally cleared from the Tama floodplain.*
Shakadou: ...Overkill much? Y'stick him full of C4 or somethin'?
Opposition Party Member: Even if defeated, the Psycho Cookies make sure to take their foe with them to the grave. A simple backup plan.
Kazuko: ......
Shakadou: Aww geez... Kazuko, yo, y'alive in there?
Shakadou: ...Whew, she's just out cold. Knew you were tough, kid.
Shakadou: The others... Are down, all of them.
Opposition Party Member: We are surrounded not by the dead, but the beaten.
Opposition Party Member: All that remains is the battle between the old and the new.
Cookie 2: My energy, spent... Did I spend too much on my vernier thrusters in too short a time?
S Cookie 2: You should if anything be proud that you have proven a worthy match for me.
Cookie 2: If only I could at least take you down with me... Kh. A pity.
S Cookie 2: Did his batteries finally expire?
S Cookie 2: We could fix those fuel concerns, if only you would become like me.
Opposition Party Member: Leave the robot where it lies.
S Cookie 2: Affirmative.
Opposition Party Member: Destroying it would anger the Kuki Conglomerate more than I am willing to bear.
*Only Shakadou and the secretary-general had escaped the floodplain alive.*
*He looked down at what he'd wrought, satisfied.*
Opposition Party Member: Hmm, then that leaves only the Prime Minister's team.
Shakadou: The archer's gotta have exhausted her ki'n thrown in the towel.
*Shakadou glared in Miyako's direction.*
*He could sense no ki, no aura. She must have been spent.*
Shakadou: There ain't no need t'finish the job in person.
Opposition Party Member: Good. Heheh. Your government is not long for this world, Prime Minister.
Shakadou: Let's get some rest in before tomorrow, eh?
*Shakadou gave his partner a significant look.*
Opposition Party Member: ...Yeah, I'll flip all the switches.
*The two started walking away from the river.*
Azumi: Just because we're down--
Tadakatsu: That don't mean we're out!
*The two had waited for this moment, and attacked their foes from behind.*
*Azumi went for Shakadou while Tadakatsu was after the secretary-general.*
*Each of them certain they'd timed the attack perfectly, but...*
Shakadou: Yeah, I knew. There's no use playin' dead against me.
Opposition Party Member: I'm sorry, but you won't hit me again.
*Both were more than ready for the attack.*
*He quickly shoved a stun gun against Tadakatsu's stomach.*
Tadakatsu: Gwah?!
Opposition Party Member: Shocking, isn't it? I had it personally customized.
Tadakatsu: Gh, fuck me.
Opposition Party Member: Did you not think we would prepare for this?
*Meanwhile, Azumi had been kicked away by Shakadou.*
Azumi: Gh, friggin' hell.
Shakadou: You're tough... Here I thought I got y'with a fatal blow there.
Azumi: I'd be a bad example for the other maids if I got my ass handed to me!
*Azumi threw a grenade at the ground.*
*It exploded in a flash and a bang.*
*By the time the smoke cleared, Azumi was long gone.*
Shakadou: Ain't you more a ninja than a maid...?
Opposition Party Member: Did she escape?
Shakadou: I know I hit her good. She ain't fightin' us anytime soon.
Opposition Party Member: All right then... Well. Come, Shakadou-kun.
*The party member looked around at their surroundings.*
Shakadou: Yeah, I'm still the watchdog, 'cause you're down with the sickness.
Tadakatsu: ...Kh.
Opposition Party Member: Are you stunned?
Tadakatsu: Huh?
Opposition Party Member: I'm sorry for shocking you. Allow me to make it up to you...
Opposition Party Member: By upping the voltage.
Tadakatsu: Gwoooohhhh?!
Opposition Party Member: I'm going to vent every ounce of stress I have onto you! (He screamed uncontrollably.)
Shakadou: (All that stress makes him flip... Bein' a politician's hard work, I mean it. Though here's hopin' he's the exception, not the rule.)
Tadakatsu: Y-You bastard...
Opposition Party Member: Didn't your mother ever tell you to watch your language? Maybe this will teach you.
Tadakatsu: Gaaaaaaaahhhh!
Opposition Party Member: Hah hah hah!
Shakadou: ...Any more of that, and you'll be riskin' his life.
Opposition Party Member: Ah, yes. In that case...
Opposition Party Member: Just one more time.
Tadakatsu: Ugh, gwoohhhh?!
Opposition Party Member: Ahaha, I did it! I did it!
Opposition Party Member: Well then, I do hope you're all right...
Tadakatsu: ...Ugh... Kh.
Opposition Party Member: Ah. He's right as rain, Shakadou-kun.
Shakadou: That so... Then let's call it a night.
Shakadou: Someone's gonna come lookin' soon t'see what exploded.
Opposition Party Member: ...Ah?!
Opposition Party Member: Wh-What the... I don't understand... What was I...?
Tadakatsu: ...Ugh.
Opposition Party Member: Shakadou-kun, don't you think this was excessive?
Shakadou: Uh, don't go pinnin' that on me, Soga-san.
Opposition Party Member: ...Did I suffer another episode of my illness?
Shakadou: Everyone's a little sick. The world ain't nice enough t'be otherwise.
S Cookie 2: People are coming.
Shakadou: Then we oughta withdraw.
*The first to arrive came upon the scene of a disaster.*
Prime Minister: Holy... Bodies left and right.
Yamato: Wanko! Hey, Wanko! You all right?!
Kazuko: ...Mmm... You're a worthy rival, Mr. Yorkshire Terrier...
Yamato: Okay, she's fine.
Kokoro: Hey, get a hold of yourself!
Kyojin: Oof... Kh...
Kokoro: He's suffered a heavy injury. We must call an ambulance!
Yukie: Tadakatsu... How could someone do this to you?
*We further found Gakuto and Inoue Jun unconscious on the bridge.*
*Along with pieces of some machine, but... What?*
Cookie 2: Recharge complete. Feeble as the moonlight is, it contains some energy...
Cookie 2: Transforming to low-energy first form.
Cookie: All righty.
Cookie: Aww, he's fallen to pieces...
*Cookie lowered himself and started gathering those pieces.*
Yamato: What?
Miyako: Yamato...
Yamato: Thank goodness you're safe. What happened?
Yamato: ...Oh. Oh goodness...
Prime Minister: All of it done by Soga and his team?
Cookie: Yeah... And the one I fought, he... He was a lot like me.
Cookie: They took my model, a service robot, and turned him into a weapon...
Cookie: I can't bear to see him shattered like this.
Miyako: I'll help.
Cookie: Thank you.
Takuya: Oh, Yamato!
Yamato: Moro! You're all right! Where's Capt?
Takuya: At the hospital. He protected me from the blast, but...
Takuya: Well, he said he didn't want anyone else to see him looking less than cool.
Yamato: ......
Takuya: Here, take this. The files on here contain the robot's weaknesses.
*He handed me a thumb drive.*
Takuya: My team might've lost, but I know you can put this info to good use.
Yamato: The robots and their politician boss...
Yamato: They're the same ones who hurt Gakuto and Capt, right?
Takuya: Yeah. They alpha struck us out of nowhere...
*Wanko, and Gen-san, and Mr. Beard...*
*Especially Gen-san. When I saw what they'd done to him, I nearly puked.*
Yamato: There's some lines you don't cross, not even in a match.
Yamato: They'll... They'll pay for this.
Prime Minister: Yeah, this is going too far. Someone needs to put them in line.
Yukie: ...Let me fight Shakadou!
Yamato: Then we'll research into that other robot.
Kokoro: Indeed. I intend to be brilliant in the final battle.
Yamato: Makes sense, considering you've mostly sat out so far.
Kokoro: That is enough out of you!
Yamato: Tomorrow, our teams will be squaring off in one-on-one fights.
Yamato: They're down a man -- err, a machine -- which gives us the advantage.
Kokoro: Well, only three of us have any particular skill at combat.
Yamato: Well sor-ry!
Kokoro: Victory shall be ours! Defeat against such an inelegant squad as theirs is unthinkable.
Tesshin: Hey, I have a message from the tournament officials.
Tesshin: If both teams are still standing by tomorrow's end, you'll all be disqualified.
Yukie: You need not worry about that!
Prime Minister: ...Soga... Tomorrow's the last day.
Prime Minister: I have to defeat you.
Yamato: Right, let's start studying.
*Everything rested on tomorrow's outcome.*
Announcer: Two teams remain standing in the KoS tournament. Will victory go to the Prime Minister, or to Mr. Soga? The battle for it all is about to begin.
Announcer: Analysts are certain that this match will impact the results of the upcoming elections...
Opposition Party Member: All of Japan is watching. We cannot afford to lose.
Shakadou: Heh, heh, heh. Check this out. They sent us a formal challenge'n everything.
Opposition Party Member: 'We seek to battle on the shores of Kawakami Bay.'
Opposition Party Member: Even if this is a trap, we have Psycho Cookie 2 and you, Shakadou-kun.
Shakadou: I can sense for auras, and Cookie can sense for landmines.
Shakadou: If anything, bein' out in the open favors us.
Shakadou: And turnin' them down will make us into laughingstocks.
Opposition Party Member: All right... Then let's accept their challenge.
*--On the reefs of Kawakami Bay.*
Prime Minister: Yo. You made it, Soga.
S Cookie 2: Searching for traps... I sense nothing suspicious.
Shakadou: Same here. None of the auras creep me out. We're good.
Prime Minister: Ain't one for cheap shots... Let's get started.
*The two politicians faced off.*
Opposition Party Member: This is the beginning of the end of your government.
Prime Minister: Not happening. My plans are just getting started.
Opposition Party Member: I will bring all I have to bear to stop you, to change Japan.
Prime Minister: And I'll push on through, to keep her safe.
Prime Minister: ...Good to have a chance to talk to you, face to face.
Opposition Party Member: Agreed... But now we fight, Prime Minister.
Momoyo: Don't worry about us. We're just here to ref.
Tesshin: We'll only step in if it looks like the city might be damaged.
Momoyo: Then let the final battle of the final day... Begin!
Yukie: Shakadou-san, over this way.
Shakadou: ...Y'think I oughta be takin' her up on her offer?
Opposition Party Member: Certainly, so long as you make it quick.
Shakadou: 'Kay.
Tesshin: Mm, so Mayuzumi is of a mind to duel Shakadou.
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu's... She's got a mysterious strength to her.
Momoyo: I've been waiting for a chance like this to see just how powerful she is.
Yamato: Then it's the three of us against you two.
S Cookie 2: Fine. I can mop the floor with you by myself.
Opposition Party Member: But before that, I have an honest question.
Yamato: You're welcome to ask. I'll answer as best as I can.
Opposition Party Member: Why did you side with the Prime Minister? Can't you see how our economy is in tatters?
Yamato: Didn't you already ask me that?
Yamato: We can't blame this recession on the Prime Minister.
Yamato: As for why we're cooperating... Mayucchi, you should say it.
Yukie: Yes! It's because he's my friend.
Opposition Party Member: ...Hahahaha. Prime Minister, what manner of farce is this?
Yukie: This is not a farce.
Yukie: Sometimes, you have to risk your life to help a dear friend!
Yukie: That's how a person should want to live their life.
Opposition Party Member: You've such a pure heart... But Prime Minister, you're an evil man.
Opposition Party Member: How could you let yourself enthrall such innocent children?
Prime Minister: Age, position, none of that matters.
Prime Minister: Friends help friends.
Prime Minister: That's what they do.
Opposition Party Member: Pretty platitudes, but the fact remains that you are making children fight your war.
Yukie: ...I think that it's time we step away.
Shakadou: Yeah, but let's not be goin' too far. Make sure we can still see them all.
Yukie: Very well. Please don't worry about that.
*The two of them walked down the shore.*
Kokoro: I have faith that Mayuzumi will see her fight through!
Kokoro: Now, let us focus on eliminating our colossus.
Yamato: Oh!
Prime Minister: Agreed.
Opposition Party Member: Prime Minister, I will not be satisfied unless I defeat you myself.
Prime Minister: Want a duel for us too? I'm down for some old-fashioned fisticuffs.
Opposition Party Member: I am not so foolish as to box with a medalist.
S Cookie 2: You want to ride me? Then come, enter me.
Opposition Party Member: Good. Though I do feel a bit nervous, entering inside you.
S Cookie 2: A man must be bold. Try whatever you like.
Yamato: So the analysis was right. You can climb inside one.
Prime Minister: You intend to control him from within?
S Cookie 2: ...Mmm, docking complete!
S Cookie 2: Prime Minister, my voice may sound different now, but it is still me, Soga!
Prime Minister: Politicians oughta become one with the people, not one with a robot!
S Cookie 2: If I defeat you now, then I will have defeated you with my own two hands!
Prime Minister: Gotta be kiddin' me... Get out here and fight me like a man.
S Cookie 2: ...Enough foolish talk. This weapon of slaughter is now under my control.
S Cookie 2: And now I will purge you from this Earth.
S Cookie 2: Eat this: Punishment beam!
*A giant laserbeam zapped through the space between us.*
Kokoro: Still holding nothing back, I see.
S Cookie 2: Of course not. I am at full charge.
S Cookie 2: Hahaha, run as you will! Fire!
Yamato: Whoa!
*I ducked under the laser.*
S Cookie 2: Run, run, as fast as you can... here comes my lasers!!!
Kokoro: Nyowah! You singed my kimono!
S Cookie 2: Hahaha! The next shot won't miss!
Yamato: You'll never hit me!
*This time I dove to the side.*
S Cookie 2: Nngh. You dodged even that?
*The beam had a tell that gave it away.*
*All we had to do was be alert whenever the beam cannon on his head began to glow red.*
*This Gates person was a genius. Only a few moments of observation were all it had took him to fully understand how Psycho Cookie functioned.*
*His data contained all those tells and more.*
S Cookie 2: You seem rather relaxed. Do you think you know all there is to know about this Psycho Cookie?
Yamato: Hm?
S Cookie 2: I expected past data to be analyzed.
S Cookie 2: That is exactly why I boarded this robot.
S Cookie 2: For with me as the pilot, your data will become worthless.
S Cookie 2: For instance, this beam cannon. I can turn off the targeting computer... and aim using my instincts.
Prime Minister: Eh, that's really best left to the computer.
S Cookie 2: What...? Now you've done it, Prime Minister.
S Cookie 2: Change of plans -- there is no need to delay your annihilation!
Prime Minister: Sorry, but I ain't going anywhere.
*The Prime Minister pulled the trigger of his rifle.*
S Cookie 2: Hahaha. You increased the bullets' penetrative power?
*Round after round hit their mark.*
S Cookie 2: Even that cannot hope to penetrate this armor.
S Cookie 2: For far more money has been spent on this then your piddlesome rifle!
Prime Minister: You're looking fine, sure...
S Cookie 2: Eat this!
*Cookie 2 activated its beam.*
Prime Minister: Weak.
*The Prime Minister kept his feet still, dodging only with a twist of his torso.*
S Cookie 2: Tch... The manual aiming should have been flawless.
S Cookie 2: Be thankful for the poor terrain. I cannot get quite the proper footing.
Yamato: You do realize that's why we chose to fight here, right?
S Cookie 2: What?
Yamato: We knew you'd be too worried about a sniper ambush or landmines...
Prime Minister: To ever spare a thought for something as simple as the terrain.
S Cookie 2: Damn you all! Then I will cleave you in twain!
Kokoro: I shall not allow it!
*Kokoro clung to Cookie's metal frame.*
S Cookie 2: What -- when did you...?! Why didn't you show up on radar?
Prime Minister: Oh, that? I took it out.
S Cookie 2: Earlier? But then... Ah, so that's what you aimed for!
Kokoro: No matter how high-spec a robot you may be, here you are weak!
*Her target -- his exposed joints.*
Kokoro: Noble Joint Lock!
*Objective destroyed!*
S Cookie 2: Nngh... Shoo, fly.
Yamato: The surface is glowing -- electric beam incoming!
Kokoro: You need not tell me! Teigh!
*Kokoro jumped away.*
S Cookie 2: Hmph, now you can't move until you hit the ground.
S Cookie 2: Leaving me free to slice you in half!
*But the arm holding the sword did not swing up.*
S Cookie 2: Wh-What's going on?! It won't obey my orders!
S Cookie 2: Arm, get up! Why won't you rise?!
Kokoro: Hohoho. Nothing can compete against the elegance of my joint locks.
S Cookie 2: You destroyed the joint in that short of a stretch?
S Cookie 2: Then let's see how you deal with leg missiles!
Prime Minister: Ain't going to work. The moment you fire...
*With every missile came a pull of his trigger, followed by a premature explosion.*
Prime Minister: I'll shoot them down.
*But he'd run out of ammo.*
*I rushed over to bring him spare magazines.*
Prime Minister: Thanks. You're keeping me free to worry about nothing but shooting.
Yamato: It's nothing.
Prime Minister: Well done using the challenge to lure them to a place and time that's to our advantage.
Prime Minister: The wind's never strong at this hour. Makes my job easy.
Yamato: But that small stuff is all I can manage.
Prime Minister: Yeah, and all that put us in a position to win.
S Cookie 2: Damn your sly ways!
S Cookie 2: Shakadou! Shakadou, what are you doing?!
S Cookie 2: Come quickly, Shakadou!
*But there was a reason why he still hadn't returned.*
*--Moments ago.*
*Yukie and Shakadou had finished making their way away from the others.*
Yukie: Would here be acceptable?
Shakadou: Yeah, sounds good.
Shakadou: Welp, little lady, y'got yourself that duel y'wanted.
Yukie: As I've heard that you broke one of my father's arms...
Shakadou: Yep, I did that t'keep him outta this tourney.
Yukie: ...I believe the only way to make things right is to break yours in turn.
Shakadou: Heh heh heh. Drop it, little lady. Revenge has never gotten anyone anywhere.
Yukie: It will save the proud honor of the Mayuzumi swordfighting style.
*Yukie drew her weapon and held it ready.*
Yukie: Here I come. Prepare yourself.
Shakadou: Well ain't you a gallant little la--?!
*In the blink of an eye, she'd cut him down the middle like a piece of bamboo.*
Shakadou: Nngh?! Holy...
*Cut not by her sword, but by her raw thirst for blood.*
*Yet the wound felt no less real.*
Tesshin: Splendidly done, Mayuzumi. That warning shot will ensure he holds nothing back.
Momoyo: Heheh, I'm feeling chills.
Shakadou: Well ain't this interestin'?!
*His true personality bared its fangs.*
*Once Yukie had made sure of that...*
Yukie: Hah!
*She rushed Shakadou. She needed no more words.*
Momoyo: I knew you were fast!
*Seven slashes, so fast they were almost simultaneous.*
Shakadou: Whoa there! Well ain't you shiny?!
*Two grazed Shakadou, forcing him to retreat.*
Shakadou: Right, then now it's my t--
Yukie: No. It is mine again.
*Yukie kicked off the ground and chased him, her steps like a dancer's.*
Shakadou: Whew!
*The attack had come with divine speed, but he'd gotten away from it with only a graze.*
*But her move had no cooldown, left no opening, allowed no counter.*
Yukie: The next, and the next, and the next, and the next, and the next, every attack is mine!
Shakadou: ...The hell are you?!
Yukie: Haaaaaaaahhhhhh!
*A blitz of sword-swings rained down at him, and from him rained blood.*
Shakadou: Nwooohhhhh?!
Tesshin: Goodness... Mayuzumi, is this the extent of your strength?
Momoyo: Hahaha, thata girl. There's no doubting your strength.
*Every tenth of a second, another attack.*
*All Shakadou could do was desperately throw his fists in front of the attacks.*
Shakadou: I gotta get outta your range!
*Frantically, he sought some escape from the stage of the sword-dance.*
Shakadou: Don't go wettin' your pants when y'see this!
*Shakadou began condensing his ki into his hands--*
Shakadou: Go, Ring!
*Chakram-shaped energy rounds shot towards Yukie.*
Yukie: Eliminating enemy bullets -- seigh!
*She easily cut down every last one.*
Shakadou: Hey, hey... Cuttin' up raw ki's straight-up bullshit.
Yukie: Enough talk. We duel, and duel alone.
Shakadou: Eh, there's no denyin' that.
Shakadou: ...So what do y'say about this, little lady?!
*Shakadou took his stance, prepared himself to unleash a finishing strike that had sent many a challenger to their metaphorical grave.*
Momoyo: The Kawakami Reverie Stance... So he wants to end it with that strike.
Yukie: (He's gathered enough ki to cover the mountain... Alright...)
Yukie: (I too will show a Mayuzumi Sword Ultimate.)
*Yukie took her own stance.*
*Hers was an unblockable sword technique that cut her foes in half.*
*The instant Shakadou saw it, a jolt of electricity ran through him--*
Shakadou: ...Well shit, somethin' bad's comin'!
*So warned his beastly instincts.*
*A head-on clash would end with his certain defeat.*
*And the finishing strike would soon be upon him.*
*He had to focus everything he had to defend against it, every ounce of his strength, or he would die.*
Shakadou: (It oughta be easy... I just gotta dodge once her sword starts swingin', and then I kick her down.)
Yukie: Father, this is for you... Haahh!
*The weight of her ki warped the very space around her.*
*Made her sword seem to waver, like in a heat haze.*
Shakadou: (I can't get a fix on her katana. She's veilin' it in that aura of hers.)
Shakadou: (There's no judgin' how far I gotta dodge.)
Shakadou: (And that ki might go makin' her attack longer anyways.)
Shakadou: (I could throw myself back but then I can't counter and she'll overwhelm me.)
Shakadou: (Which leaves me one option...)
*And then, the katana still blurry in the fog of ki--*
Yukie: Haaaahhh!
*Down it came, far faster than even the blisteringly fast swings she'd exhibited so far.*
*An attack that did not allow time to dodge, let alone counter.*
*So Shakadou did the only thing he could -- he closed his eyes.*
Shakadou: ...Here!!!
*He slapped his hands together, perfectly catching the sword in flight.*
Shakadou: Bingo!
Tesshin: Oh, the Kawakami Avidya Blade Grasp!
Momoyo: So by closing off his vision he could sense her hostile energy.
Shakadou: Gwah?!
*While Shakadou stood proud of himself for catching her blade--*
Yukie: Mayuzumi Taijutsu!
*Yukie had already let go of her sword and driven in for the follow-up.*
Shakadou: Y'let go of your weapon?!
*A hand-to-hand technique honed to perfection, far better than than he'd expected from a swordswoman.*
Yukie: At times, one's body must become the sword!
*Shakadou dropped the sword as he reeled from the assault.*
*And as Yukie picked it up...*
Shakadou: (Like hell you're cuttin' me. I'll tighten up my defenses!)
*...She sliced horizontally through the dazed Shakadou.*
Shakadou: Sorry, but there's no cuttin' through my arm right now. If you're aimin' for anythin', go for the neck.
Tesshin: Dammit, Shakadou. You focused your ki into your arms to block the sword?
Tesshin: That does give him enough defense to block a swing, I'll give you that.
Momoyo: ...You'd think so, but Mayu-Mayu's something else.
Yukie: There is nothing I cannot cut.
Shakadou: ...?!
*Fresh blood sprayed from his arms.*
Shakadou: Wha... Gwoohhh?!
Tesshin: She even cut through his cloak of ki...
Momoyo: Finally... Mayu-Mayu, I've waited so long to see you really fight.
Tesshin: Momo, you realized this?
Momoyo: Well, I had no idea that she was this good.
Tesshin: Well done for never tryin' to test her.
Momoyo: A girl like her never shows her true strength anyways, unless she's truly serious about it.
Tesshin: Hmm, yes... Being able to hide one's strength is a strength itself.
Lu: You must listen! I've finally found the answer I've been looking for!
Momoyo: Hmm? Where've you been all day, Assistant Master?
Lu: I've found out who defeated Tachibana of the Big Four!
Momoyo: Yeah. Mayuzumi Yukie did it, right?
Lu: Yes, you're right. Did she tell you herself, Momoyo?
Momoyo: No.
Momoyo: But only someone on the Big Four's level could injure Shakadou-san that heavily.
Lu: Goodness... She drew blood from that beast of a man?
Tesshin: Which means that she will take Tachibana's place in the Big Four.
Momoyo: And she's still so green... I can't wait to see how she grows.
Shakadou: Well ain't I in a pickle? Y'slashed up my arms.
Shakadou: Hmm, how do I play this? My real client did say t'hold a bit back and all.
Shakadou: But I just ain't the kinda guy t'stand back and do nothin' after gettin' cut in both arms.
*The air around Shakadou fell eerily still.*
*As if a thousand curses hung suspended there.*
Yukie: ...Amazing.
*She was honestly astounded.*
Matsukaze: Damn, dude... You think ya know how far a guy can go, and then he proves you wrong.
*He was doubtlessly a pinnacle of strength, a cluster of violence.*
*They thought they'd seen the depths of Gyoubu Shakadou's power, only to be given a glimpse even deeper into his abyss.*
*Yet when faced with that dark power...*
Yukie: I simply must strike him down!
*Yukie pushed forward with her vigorous ki.*
*And her pure-white ki drove back his twisted energies.*
*...At that moment, Shakadou's phone rang.*
Shakadou: Y'always gotta call when things are gettin' interestin'...
Shakadou: ...Yeah... Roger, General.
Shakadou: My true client's ordered me t'withdraw.
Shakadou: But someday, we gotta settle this. When that time comes, I'll be bringin' along my disciples.
Yukie: Disciples...?
Shakadou: That route's out there somewhere, even if this one's hittin' an end.
*Shakadou said as he left.*
S Cookie 2: Shakadou! Why aren't you coming?! Shakadoooouuuu!
Yamato: Time to finish this... Please, leave it to me.
Prime Minister: Sure you can handle it?
Yamato: Yes. I can think of no better person for the role.
S Cookie 2: Kh. Could she have possibly beaten that beast?
Yamato: What a shame.
S Cookie 2: Nngh?!
Yamato: Allow me to express my gratitude.
Yamato: Victory would have been much harder if you hadn't climbed inside the robot, so thank you very much.
Yamato: Your attack pattern is so predictable. (I grinned wryly.)
S Cookie 2: Y-You brat!
S Cookie 2: You say I'm predictable?!
S Cookie 2: Then how about this? Cookie Boomerang!
*He fired a boomerang so large, it looked more like a scythe.*
Yamato: (Yes! I've been waiting for you to use that.)
*I'd already jumped to the side, out of the way of the first attack.*
S Cookie 2: Oh, well dodged! But the boomerang will keep going until it strikes its target!
S Cookie 2: And it can cut through anything!
Yamato: Well, that's terrifying!
*The boomerang swung back towards me.*
*I threw myself on the ground to get under it.*
S Cookie 2: Hahaha, you look absolutely pathetic.
*I slowly inched towards him.*
*This time, the boomerang spun vertically as it came.*
S Cookie 2: It can only move with this precision because I am controlling it directly!
Yamato: (But while you're controlling it, you can't control anything else. That's perfect for me.)
*I dove forwards, head-first, to get past this one.*
*My destination had been a fairly flat rock, but...*
Yamato: Ouch... That probably wasn't my best idea.
*The surface was still painfully hard.*
S Cookie 2: What? You dodged it again?
*I continued to close the distance.*
S Cookie 2: Then I'll maximize its speed.
*The weapon of destruction homed in on me.*
Yamato: But this is still slow compared to Nee-san!
*Even this I somehow managed to dodge.*
*But it did graze me, sliced through my shirt.*
S Cookie 2: You can avoid even that? Just who are you?
Yamato: A guy who can't fight, but someone you can always count on to run away like a pro.
S Cookie 2: Curse you! This time! This time I'll go above and beyond!
*The boomerang sped up even faster.*
Yamato: (I can't dodge this!)
*The instant that thought crossed my mind, my body was blown away.*
Prime Minister: That bullet's special. Won't pierce the skin.
Yamato: Gwah... It still hurts like hell...
*I'd asked him to shoot me to safety whenever it looked like I couldn't dodge.*
*Even though it'd been my idea, that didn't make it hurt any less...*
*With me out of the way, the boomerang kept going straight...*
S Cookie 2: Oh no--!
*...Into the Psycho Cookie.*
S Cookie 2: ...Im... possible... How... Could I... Looooose?!
Kokoro: Goodness, it tore straight through that armor!
*I'd somehow managed to breakfall, but on the rocky terrain the pain was still unbearable.*
Yamato: Ah, so it turns out it really can cut through anything.
*Sparks began flying out of its body.*
Yamato: It's gonna explode!
Kokoro: We must take cover!
Prime Minister: There's still stuff we gotta do!
Yamato: Prime Minister? What are you--?!
Prime Minister: Ain't watchin' someone die right in front of me!
Prime Minister: Teigh!
*He ripped open the cockpit.*
Opposition Party Member: Prime... Minister...?!
Prime Minister: Battle's over, so let's get outta here. Hold on tight.
Opposition Party Member: ...Why would you save me...?
Prime Minister: Can't run a country if everyone around you's a sycophant.
Prime Minister: Anytime you got an opinion, don't be a stranger.
Prime Minister: Come on in, we'll give it a chat, and make this country better together.
Opposition Party Member: ...Kh... Even in the end... You insist on being cool...
Opposition Party Member: This... Is why... I can't stand you...
*The two limped away from the robot.*
Yamato: Get down! It's gonna explode!
Prime Minister: Prioritize yourselves! Or do you think I'd put my lives over my citizens?!
Kokoro: Whoa, I never appreciated how tense moments like this could get!
*I cloaked Fushikawa with my body.*
Kokoro: Wh-What is the meaning of this?
Yamato: This should protect you at least a little bit from the shockwave.
Kokoro: N-Naoe Yamato...
*Then Psycho Cookie exploded, and all the heat and pressure slammed against my back.*
Yamato: Gh... It really did go up like a big ball of fire.
Kokoro: Nwoohhhh, my ears are ringing.
Yamato: (But we're definitely far enough away to be safe.)
Yamato: (Part of the reason I protected her was because she's a girl, of course...)
Yamato: (But this also gets me an in with the Fushikawa family!)
Yamato: (I never really appreciated their prestige before, but how the Prime Minister treated them really changed my mind.)
Yamato: (A few scrapes is a cheap enough price to pay.)
*.........*
*The explosion had come to an end.*
Yukie: Are you all right, everyone?!
Prime Minister: Yeah, I'm good, though there's a bit of ringing in my ears.
Yamato: Same.
Kokoro: I am perfectly all right.
Prime Minister: ...So it's finally over.
Yamato: Luckily, you suffered no visible injuries.
Prime Minister: Avoiding real combat and sniping away from afar proved to be the right choice...
Prime Minister: Though ain't you covered in blood.
Yamato: Yeah, from when I dove onto the rocks.
Yukie: Your legs are bleeding so horribly. I'll provide first aid.
Kokoro: Mn. Mayuzumi, you treat his right leg. I shall treat his left.
Yamato: Ouch, ouch, ouch!
Kokoro: Be a man and bear the pain in silence.
Kokoro: For goodness sake... A mere monkey, risking his life to save me?
Yamato: (Wait... That's a look of affection. She likes me now?!)
*Maybe my plan had worked better than I'd hoped.*
Ageha: With that, one team remains.
Ageha: The champions of KoS are the Prime Minister and his team!
*And so the curtain closed on our long battle.*
Prime Minister: You sure about the prize money?
Kokoro: Mnngh?
Prime Minister: It's 50 billion yen. Sure you don't want any of it?
Kokoro: I do not mind. My family isn't in need of money.
Yukie: I don't need it either. That isn't why I decided to participate, anyways.
Yukie: I did it to help a friend, so I couldn't possibly...
Yamato: (I can't disagree with that, but all that work deserves some compensation.)
Yamato: (Truth be told, I don't think 100 million would be unreasonable.)
Yamato: (But it's going into the national budget. Even if I only asked for a bit, people would point fingers. Would they feel I've earned it?)
Yamato: (No, no, no... It just feels too risky.)
*All the signs suggested I couldn't ask for a share.*
Yamato: (Well, that's fine.)
Yamato: (A sudden windfall can ruin a life anyways.)
Yamato: (Someday, I'll earn a hundred times that amount with my own two hands.)
Yamato: (Most of all, I didn't do nearly enough to deserve that money anyways.)
Prime Minister: Thank you.
Prime Minister: 50 billion... It'll do wonders for the nation.
Yukie: Great!
Prime Minister: Take care! Let's hang out again sometime!
Yukie: I know it can get hard at times...
Yukie: But good luck with your job!
Matsukaze: Don't slack off. You representin' all us samurai!
Prime Minister: Yeah, thanks!
Prime Minister: You and Yukie-chan, keep hanging in there.
Prime Minister: I'm lucky to have such friends...
Prime Minister: See ya!!!
Yukie: Farewell!!!
*The Prime Minister and Mayucchi continued to wave until he was finally out of sight.*
*Fushikawa family used their control of the press to ensure that, out of the four of us, only the Prime Minister was interviewed.*
Yamato: Thanks for that.
Kokoro: Think nothing of it. I benefited no less than you.
Kokoro: You must be glad that you didn't take a share of the 50 billion yen.
Yamato: Yeah... I almost had paparazzi biting at my heels just for being on the winning team.
Yamato: If they found out I took money that otherwise would've been handed over to the treasury...
Yamato: My life would've been ruined. Completely and utterly.
Kokoro: Indeed. Well, I am certain you have the talent to earn that much yourself.
Kokoro: You would not have caught my eye otherwise, monkey.
Kokoro: No... Naoe Yamato.
*Huh? Was it just me, or were things going in a dangerous direction?*
*Best to change the subject.*
Yamato: But it's still hard to believe your family has that much power over the press.
Kokoro: Why wouldn't we? Given that we have connections with the political world...
Yamato: Extending your reach to the press is easy enough?
Kokoro: Indeed. Especially given that the opposition party considers KoS a touchy subject as well.
Kokoro: They too sought to minimize press. Our interests aligned, as it were.
Yamato: I see... That's great. I'm glad things are staying quiet.
*The Prime Minister had announced that he would use the 50 billion for rural investments, and had already begun to put that plan into action.*
*Hopefully that would improve people's lives...*
Kokoro: Now then... Ahem.
Yamato: I should get going.
Kokoro: Wait.
*She grabbed my arm.*
Yamato: Yes?
Kokoro: You are quite the prospective individual...
Kokoro: What would you say to being my personal butler?
Kokoro: Your pay would be 500 thousand yen per month, with benefits and one day off per week.
Yamato: (Wh-Whoa... That's one good offer.)
Kokoro: Yours would be the honor of staying by my side.
Yamato: You would be my noble master, then?
Kokoro: ...What say you?
Yamato: I appreciate the offer, but I'd like to know the reason why you've come to me with this.
Kokoro: That would be because you caught my eye.
Kokoro: I had thought you nothing more than a monkey...
Kokoro: When you shielded me, I gleaned how you must have been overcome with the desire to protect me.
Yamato: ...I see.
Kokoro: I promote you from monkey to man.
Kokoro: So, what is your answer? Will you enter into my employ this very day?
Yamato: Starting today? That's fast.
Kokoro: I prefer quick decisions, don't you?
Kokoro: So... W-Well?!
*Faced with her naked affection, I...*
Refuse
Become Fushikawa's butler
Yamato: This is simply too sudden. I can't!
Kokoro: Nngh... You are not even willing to let me down gently.
Yamato: I thought it best I make this clear.
Kokoro: Is the money insufficient?
Yamato: It's a really tempting offer, especially given that I'm still in school...
Yamato: But I'm sorry. Money isn't the issue here.
Kokoro: Well, I suppose this was a bit sudden.
Kokoro: But do give it plenty of thought!
*Fushikawa walked away briskly.*
Yamato: (She's fallen for me... Damn.)
*Given this sudden confession, there was only one answer to be said.*
Yamato: All right.
*Having been so close to 50 billion yen had broadened my perspective.*
Kokoro: ...O-Oh! Truly?!
*I'd even seen a political battle with my own eyes.*
Kokoro: Then come with me. This way.
*There was simply no way I could throw away my dream.*
Yamato: (First, I'll slip into the Fushikawas as a butler.)
Yamato: (I'll make my way up from there.)
*Seeing the Prime Minister had driven me...*
*To want to change the country myself.*
Yamato: (It seemed like a lot of fun.)
Yamato: (All that's left is to find time to play with everyone. That's something I can't let go of.)
Yamato: (But for now, having a personal master should put me in a more flexible position...)
Yamato: (Right, let's do this!)
Yamato: (If I want to change Japan, I first need to acquire power!)
*Thinking that, I found myself appreciating Kokoro's looks.*
*I would go on to be elected to the Diet as Fushikawa Yamato, but that is a story for another time.*
*--Meanwhile, at Kawakami Temple.*
Momoyo: So there's no way I can get you to fight me seriously, Mayu-Mayu?
Yukie: I'm sorry, but...
Yukie: I can't bring myself to want to fight you.
Momoyo: Don't you want to test yourself against the strongest people out there, as a warrior?
Yukie: I... Um... When I'm up against someone that strong...
Yukie: When I have to draw my sword... That's when I fight seriously.
Yukie: But that means that I'm fully willing to use that sword against them, so...
Yukie: So I could never bring myself to feel that way towards you.
Momoyo: Too bad. And here I hoped we'd be two of the Big Four going at it.
Ageha: No battle, then? A pity. We had hoped to enjoy it.
Yukie: I'm sorry...
Momoyo: Oh well. Guess dessert will have to wait.
Ageha: Do you find it that difficult to wield your sword against a friend, Mayuzumi?
Yukie: Y-Yes.
Ageha: Then what say you to fighting Us?
Momoyo: Hey, hey. That's not happening, Ageha-san.
Lu: Yes, yes. That is enough trying to instigate a fight, you two!
Lu: There are those who do not hunger for battles!
Momoyo: Mmm...
Momoyo: ...Sorry, Mayu-Mayu. I didn't mean to try to force you.
Yukie: I'm sorry too.
Lu: Was the tournament successful in finding strong fighters?
Ageha: Well. Our scouts have identified dozens of diamonds in the rough.
Ageha: We believe We can polish them into valiant stalwarts.
Ageha: They will thus be brought into Our private army.
Ageha: For We are not yet powerful enough to conquer the world.
Tesshin: You're fired up...
Ageha: Mmm, is Momoyo gone?
*I turned the pages of my book while cicadas cried in the background.*
*I was alone, with no one to block the wind, so I was cool despite the summer heat.*
Yamato: ...So Mayucchi's at the Kawakami Temple...
*I reread the text she'd sent me.*
*Though I still wasn't sure why she'd titled it Matsukaze the Swift.*
Yamato: Momo-senpai's probably trying to get her to fight her.
Yamato: ...I hope she's all right.
*Nee-san wouldn't go that far against a friend.*
*Then...*
Momoyo: Ugh...
Yamato: Oh, Nee-san?
Momoyo: ...You're by yourself? (She glanced around.)
Yamato: Yes...?
*When I glanced up at her, a chill ran down my spine.*
Momoyo: Well then... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Nee-san...?
*My danger sense was tingling, so I called Mayucchi.*
Yukie: Is something the matter?
Yamato: Oh, it's me. I'm at the secr...
*But before I could figure it out, she'd swiped my phone without me even realizing.*
*Which she then turned off.*
Yamato: Nee-san, what are you -- Wah!
*She pushed me down.*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Yamato... I can't...
Momoyo: ...I need something, or I'm going to go crazy.
Yamato: Huh? Nee-san, are you all right?!
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... I want to fight... But I can't.
Momoyo: And even when I can, it's never against anyone strong...
Momoyo: But that said... Huff...
Momoyo: Jumping people on the street... Would just make me a beast...
Momoyo: And yet...
*Her custom, beating up others. Her nature, a love of battle.*
*A nature she'd been forced to repress, which left her unstable.*
Momoyo: Yamato... *lick*... *lick*
*She drew her tongue across my face.*
Momoyo: Huff... Yamato.
*Thus far was still the sort of play siblings would get up to.*
Momoyo: ...Yamato... We're kissing.
Yamato: Nee-san--Mngh?!
*She suddenly stole my lips.*
Momoyo: Mn, heh... *kiss*... *smack*... *lick*
*Then she licked her wet tongue along my lips.*
Yamato: Nee-san, what are you--Ah, mn!
Momoyo: Yamato... Hah, mnn.
*When I tried to open my mouth, she forced her tongue inside of it.*
Momoyo: ...Mm, mnf, mm... *smack, lick*...
*I tried to scooch away, but her unstoppable power kept me fixed.*
Momoyo: Mnf... *kiss, lick*... Mn, mnffh...
*When I finally accepted the futility of resisting any further, I twined my tongue around hers.*
Momoyo: *slurp* *lick* Mnmm... *slurp* *kiss*... Pwah...
Momoyo: Hey... Yamato... *lick, lick*...
Momoyo: Want to try being my pet?
Yamato: Huh?!
Momoyo: Satisfy my hunger... Hah!
Momoyo: Mn, mnf... *slurp* nm... Yamato, I...
Momoyo: I need relief... But I can't fight, so...
Momoyo: So all the pent-up feelings are driving me crazy.
*She rubbed her ample bosom against me.*
Yamato: Nee-san... You don't mean...?
Momoyo: This is exactly what I mean, Yamato...
*Nee-san gently pet my crotch.*
*And a certain part of me snapped to attention, whether I wanted it to or not.*
Yamato: Nee-san, if you touch me there, I'll...
*Dammit. With her, all I could do was sit there and take it...*
Momoyo: Not another word. *kiss*... *lick, smack,* pwah.
Momoyo: This, all of this... With any other boy, the thought's just disgusting, but with you...
Momoyo: You're different.
Yamato: Do you... like me?
Momoyo: Nah, I don't feel anything for you as a man.
Momoyo: But as my lil' bro, I want to get as close to you as I can.
*I could feel her sweet sighs on my cheeks.*
Momoyo: You're just the food to satisfy my hunger... Mn, *kiss*... Mnf.
Yamato: Mmn!
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mn... *lick*... Hey, don't hide your tongue.
Momoyo: Stick it out, Yamato.
*She sweetly whispered in my ear.*
Yamato: But...
Momoyo: Do it.
Yamato: Mn...
Momoyo: Good... Heh... *slurp*... *smack*... Mn... *slurp*
*I could feel myself melting in the moist softness of her tongue.*
Momoyo: Hamph, amph... *kiss*... *slurp* *smack* Hamph...
*The sound of our tongues grew more and more intense.*
Momoyo: Mn... Nfh... Zz... *smack* *smack*...
Momoyo: Mmm... *slurp*... Nf... *gulp* *gulp*
Momoyo: Mm... *smack* pwah, Yamato.
Yamato: Mnkh, pwah, Nee-san...
Yamato: Wait, stop! Why am I letting you do this to me?
Yamato: N-Nee-san.
Momoyo: What...? *kiss*... *slurp*... Hahn... *gulp*
*The passionate kisses continued as she patted my head.*
Yamato: Pwah... Nee-san, listen to me.
Momoyo: ...Huff... Huff... Hmm?
*Saliva connected my tongue and hers.*
Yamato: I'm not your dog.
Yamato: If we were in love, that'd be one thing, but I can't be your pet when we're not.
Momoyo: Is that a no, Yamato?
Momoyo: You looked like you enjoyed those kisses just now.
Momoyo: Didn't it feel good? Mn... Heh... *lick*... Mn... Ah.
*Her warm tongue gently traced the contours of my mouth.*
Momoyo: Yamato... *smack, smack, smack* Nmmmn... *slurp*
*She licked my gums, poked her tongue through and around all of my teeth...*
Momoyo: *smack*... *lick*... *suck*... *smack*... Mmn.
*Slobbered over my inner cheek...*
Momoyo: Mm, drink my saliva too... *slurp*...
*And let her sweet saliva pour into my mouth.*
Momoyo: Huff, huff... So Yamato, tell me...
Momoyo: Be my pet. Be my dog.
Momoyo: Then I'll always adore you.
Yamato: Nee-san, is that the sort of love you really want?
Momoyo: Gosh no... Yes, if I were to love a man, I'd want him to be manly in spirit too...
Momoyo: But I'm ordering you to be my pet, not my lover.
Momoyo: A master and her dog, that's all we'll be.
Momoyo: So won't you fill... The emptiness... In my heart?
Yamato: No!
Momoyo: Bwah?
Yamato: Who'd ever want to be a dog? Lovers would be one thing, but this?!
Momoyo: You seemed pretty happy when I gave you those kisses.
Yamato: My body might have enjoyed it, yes, but--
Momoyo: Then let's both make each other feel good.
Yamato: Nee-san, this isn't you. You're not like this.
Momoyo: Yamato... I know you want it.
*I was the man who'd fended off Miyako's sexual assaults for years.*
Yamato:  No!
*My will was too steadfast to start fooling around now.*
Momoyo: Mm... Then there's some other girl you like?
Yamato: (!)
*Mayucchi came instantly to mind.*
Yamato: To be honest, there's that too...
Momoyo: And here I thought you'd always be my property...
Momoyo: Good grief...
Momoyo: ...Maybe I should take that last step and make you mine before she can.
Yamato: (It's tempting, it's really tempting, but...)
Yamato: No means no!
Yukie: Yamato-san!
Yamato: Mayucchi!
Momoyo: ...I knew it was her, at some level.
Momoyo: Mmm... He's supposed to be my brother.
Yukie: ...?
Momoyo: Well, whatever... I'm still going to make you mine for good.
Yamato: Hey! Nee-san! She's right there!
Momoyo: So? That just makes it more exciting.
Yamato: Nee-san! Cut it out!
Momoyo: Shut up.
Yamato: Ugh...
Momoyo: Huff... That's it. Be a good boy and don't move, Yamato...
Yamato: Nooooo!
Yukie: Please stop!
Momoyo: Not happening. Not in the middle of me and my bro having our fun.
Yukie: Yamato-san is clearly uncomfortable with this!
Momoyo: He'll be singing a different tune soon enough. Huff, huff.
Yamato: M-Mayucchi! There's a time for manly pride, and this isn't it...
Yamato:  Please save me! (Yamato, The Tactician)
Yukie: ! Yes!
Momoyo: Heh. Mayu-Mayu, against m--
Momoyo: Huh?
Momoyo: I was sent flying? ME?!
Yukie: Slash!
*She cut Momoyo faster than a speeding bullet.*
Momoyo: Gwah?!
*The force slammed her into the ground.*
*But her flash healing instantly treated her wounds.*
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu... You...
Yukie: I'm so sorry! But if I held anything back, I'd never be able to knock you off your feet!
Momoyo: Haha... Nah, this is it! Yes! This is fun!
Momoyo: It's been so long since anyone actually hit me!
Yukie: Kh!
*Yukie tried to deal with Momoyo's chaotic strikes, but she couldn't defend against everything.*
Momoyo: Take this!
*She drove a kick into a gap in Yukie's guard.*
Yukie: Waaahhhh!
Momoyo: A critical hit?
Yukie: Whew, that was close!
Matsukaze: Safe!
Momoyo: Haha, I knew you were tough!
Ageha: Hey now! A quick check on you, and We find you are fighting after all!
Lu: How much trouble do you intend to cause the poor girl?!
Tesshin: Thank goodness my other daughter doesn't take half the effort you do!
Momoyo: Gh! Everyone...
Tesshin: Hahmph!
*The earth trembled before his shout.*
*A literal earthquake.*
*.........*
Momoyo: ...I lost control. I'm sorry.
Ageha: You couldn't hold it in any longer, huh?
Ageha: Goodness, you are a hopeless slave to fighting.
Ageha: But be at ease. We, the Kukis, will find for you a proper opponent.
Momoyo: Thank you... And sorry, Ageha-san.
Ageha: (Hers is the loneliness of being at the top...)
Ageha: (Is that why she seeks this group?)
Ageha: (As her senpai, We must see to her needs.)
Tesshin: At any rate, Momo, you will spend the second half of August secluded in the mountains.
Momoyo: That's not funny. Why do I have to do that?
Lu: I knew you'd refuse. You always were predictable.
Tesshin: You will spend sunny days in the fields and rainy days buried in books in the mountains with me.
Momoyo: That's torture... Are you trying to pluck my angel wings?
Tesshin: It is training, granddaughter.
Momoyo: There's no better training than live combat. I'd rather fight.
Lu: We have prepared a sparring partner for you.
Ageha: They speak of Us!
Tesshin: She will join us in the mountains. How does that sound?
Ageha: Shameful though it may be, We are still prone to outbursts of rage.
Ageha: We must temper our spirit, if We are to face the cunning men who grip the reins of the world.
Ageha: As such, We requested the Kawakami Temple to aid Us in spiritual training this summer.
Momoyo: You're sure about this? She doesn't practice our style.
Tesshin: I don't mind. We are teaching her discipline of the mind, not discipline of the fist.
Ageha: Thus you shall accompany Us in training every day in those mountains, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Then that changes things. I'll go with.
Lu: Oh, then everything comes together.
Tesshin: Excellent. This will be my chance to forge your heart anew!
Momoyo: ...Um... Yamato?
Momoyo: I went crazy back there. I'm sorry.
Momoyo: ...I'm ashamed of myself for taking out my frustrations on you.
Yamato: It's fine.
Yamato: That's my job, to accept you for who you are. Though, maybe I can scold my Nee-san a little.
*There was a part of me that would have loved for her to keep going.*
*But Mayucchi's face always forced its way into my mind.*
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, are you hurt?
Yukie: Facing you made me sick to my stomach.
Momoyo: I'm sorry for that.
Momoyo: ...I'm going to go cool my head.
Tesshin: What are you saying? It's clearly time for me to give you your lecture.
Lu: It will not be a short one!
Ageha: We too shall join in the effort.
Momoyo: ...I really thought I'd be able to sneak off before you remembered.
*They led Nee-san away.*
*Leaving Mayucchi and myself.*
Yamato: You saved me...
*I hadn't been able to resist Nee-san, back there.*
*...The sliver of my soul that wanted her love must have let that come to be.*
Yamato: I feel so pathetic...
Yukie: Please don't let it bother you, Yamato-san.
Yukie: I'm so glad I was able to help you!
Matsukaze: I thought you were toast back there!
Yamato: I'm sorry to put you through that.
*Mayucchi is the better woman in my eyes.*
*But she's stolen my first kiss. And my second, and more.*
*But maybe I could overwrite those memories with new ones, right now...*
Yamato: Close your eyes.
Yukie: Okay? (She did as I asked.)
Yamato: Thanks, Mayucchi.
*This moment called for a little bit of courage.*
Yukie: Hm...?
*I leaned forward and kissed her on the lips.*
Yukie: Huh...?
Yamato: I know that must've been a surprise, but...
Yukie: Huh? Did we just...?
Yamato: I wanted to do this with you.
Yukie: Was that a k-kiss just now?
Yamato: Yeah, a wet one right on your lips.
Yukie: ...Ah... Awa... Awawawa...
*Her cheeks grew redder by the second.*
Yukie: Yamato-san and I kissed...
Matsukaze: KISS...
Yukie: W-Wa! Wawawa!
Matsukaze: Yo we gotta pull back and regroup!
Yukie: Waaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!
*She ran off.*
*Maybe that had been too sudden.*
*Maybe what had happened with Nee-san had pushed me to be too bold.*
Yamato: Yeah, I'm fine. Bye.
Yamato: Whew... Thank goodness Nee-san's completely back to normal.
Yamato: Oh, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Hauuu!
Yukie: U-Um... Good morning.
Yamato: Yeah, hi.
Yamato: So...
Yukie: Hm--?!
*Mayucchi blushed before my eyes.*
*Given her lack of interpersonal skills, maybe that surprise kiss had been too much for her.*
Yukie: I have plans with a friend, so I'm heading out now. Bye!
*She sped away.*
Yamato: Hmm... She's avoiding me.
Chris: And what did you do to deserve that?
*She pressed the knife of her hand against my throat.*
Yamato: Nothing wrong.
Chris: I hope, for your sake, that you are being honorable.
Yamato: Like what? I need examples.
Chris: I... I cannot give you any, but I would know it if I saw it!
Yamato: That's great and all, but I was curious. Can your knifehand even cut anything?
Chris: See this daikon? Teigh!
*She cut it cleanly in half.*
Chris: Hmph. Press the two halves back together, and you will see they fit perfectly.
Yamato: Let me see... Wait, it's not working!
Chris: Umm, ahem. These things do happen.
Yamato: I do try to stay fit, but...
Yamato: But man, you're really strong.
Chris: ...Yet I am a far cry from Mayucchi.
Yamato: Wow, you admit it?
Chris: Yes. I took the liberty of watching the footage of the battle between Mayucchi and Shakadou...
Chris: Unless I could catch her with her sword still sheathed, I have no hope of besting her.
Yamato: Ah, she's so good you can't help but accept it.
Chris: Yes... Though it pains me to admit it.
Chris: But of course, that only holds true for the present moment.
Yamato: You intend to catch up to and surpass her?
Chris: Naturally. I shall not stop the course of my evolution!
*There was never a reason to doubt.*
Yamato: (I've already kissed her, so I need to keep things moving.)
Yamato: (I don't want things to linger like this forever.)
Yamato: (Which makes the trip to Okinawa the perfect opportunity.)
Yamato: (A phone call... It's from Fushikawa. I gave her my number during the KoS tournament.)
Iyo: I'll order some anmitsu.
Yukie: Then the soba for me, I guess?
Iyo: You really do like soba, don't you?
Yukie: I also like sobayu.
Iyo: Was there a really good soba place near your parents' home?
Yukie: It's thanks to my father. He made soba as a hobby, so...
Iyo: Oh, that's why. I feel like I'm getting even closer to you now.
Yukie: Yes, since we've both been influenced by our parents so.
Iyo: Yeah, right? It's like, it's hard to like any television stars your parents reject.
Yukie: Their ideas just plant themselves in your subconscious.
*The waiter came bearing their food.*
Iyo: *om nom nom*
Iyo: Mmm, I'm so happy.
Yukie: Iyo-chan, the way you eat is so adorably charming.
Iyo: Y-You think so? Oh my gosh, I'm blushing.
Matsukaze: If you ask me, that sight's what made us think you'd be an easy mark for friendship!
Iyo: Oh, ahaha... I guess I really do look that dumb.
Yukie: Neither of us said anything like that!
Iyo: ...So, you said you were struggling over something to do with your senpai?
Yukie: Awawawawawa, right.
Iyo: ...Wow, your cheeks flashed red. Want to tell me more?
*High school girls love to talk about love.*
Iyo: Wow, he kissed you?
Yukie: Yes...
Iyo: You made him sound like a beta before, but it looks like he's not!
Yukie: No... He is more of an alpha, Yamato-san.
Iyo: So M-Mayucchi, what are you going to do now?
Yukie: A-About what?
Iyo: I mean, he kissed you. How did that feel?
Iyo: Was it like being at a tie game in the bottom of the 9th and watching Sakamoto hit a walk-off home run?
Yukie: I-I'm not quite sure I follow, but...
Yukie: ...It wasn't... bad.
Yukie: If anything... I think I liked it.
Iyo: Wow, oh my gosh. You don't need to talk to anybody -- you're just showing off.
Yukie: D-Do you think so? But being kissed like that, out of the blue, it... I just froze up.
Iyo: Well, that's fine for then and there, but you can't let things between you grow silent and distant.
Iyo: Or do you want him to give up on you, even though you both love each other?
Yukie: Is that how it is?
Iyo: Yep, that's how relationships work!
Yukie: ...Iyo-chan, I thought you've never had a boyfriend?
Iyo: Sure. And?
Yukie: (A-And yet she talks like she's had tons of experience...)
Iyo: He's your senpai anyways, so you can just take it easy.
Iyo: Once you tell him how you really feel, he'll take the lead, won't he?
Yukie: ...Yamato-san does seem like he'd...
Iyo: Do you have any big events coming up?
Iyo: You know, like that Okinawa trip you mentioned to me a while back?
Yukie: Th-That's so close!
Iyo: Oh, then that's where you'll have your pennant race.
Yukie: ...In other words, that will be the match?
Iyo: Yeah. So stand proud, girlfriend!
*The love in the air had the two freshmen girls excited.*
*I had been summoned once again.*
Kokoro: Now, I trust you remember our earlier discussion?
Yamato: Oh, about me becoming your butler?
Kokoro: Precisely. I have given you time enough.
Yamato: Uh, all the time in the world won't change my answer.
Kokoro: Why not?!
Yamato: Because my heart's already set on another.
Kokoro: --!
Yamato: I want to go to school with her.
Kokoro: And who... is that?
Yamato: Mayuzumi Yukie.
Kokoro: What?!
Kokoro: Mmm... I see.
Kokoro: If it were anyone else... But it is not. I must bear this pain...
*A mature response -- that was a surprise!*
Kokoro: Oooh... Yet it vexes me all the same.
Kokoro: You are a fool to spurn my advances!
*Fushikawa left.*
Yamato: So I guess that's settled...?
*All that was left was Mayucchi herself.*
*Thus was the stage set for our trip to Okinawa.*
*We were already high in the sky.*
Gakuto: Only two hours to Okinawa? That's pretty close.
Shouichi: Do you think someone'll show up and try to hijack the plane?
Shouichi: He'd probably be dumb enough to try to take the girls hostage.
Shouichi: He'd point the barrel of a gun straight at Wanko and Momo-senpai...
Kazuko: And then we'd have to be good little hostages.
Momoyo: That'd be so much fun, I'm laughing just thinking about it.
Shouichi: A few minutes later, they'd be all beat up and it's happily ever after.
Takuya: Problem. If there were a hijacking, then there goes our vacation.
Miyako: Even if we defeated them, I don't think we'd be allowed to continue straight to our destination.
Chris: Then they deserve double the punishment.
Momoyo: Think we can dump them into the Pacific Ocean as fish food?
Yamato: You are better now, right, Nee-san?
Momoyo: I'm fine. I've always said things like that.
Takuya: Then I really am glad there aren't any terrorists.
Gakuto: You've got that right.
Yukie: ......
Yukie: (Yamato-san...)
Yukie: (This trip to Okinawa... Is this my chance?)
Yukie: (If something big happens between us, then what do I...)
Yukie: (Oh, I can't believe I'm even thinking that!)
Momoyo: What's wrong? Mayu-Mayu, your cheeks are burning up.
Miyako: There she goes again, daydreaming for sure.
Yamato: ...Okinawa, huh?
*I'd hidden a certain food item inside my jacket.*
*Something Kuma-chan had given me.*
Yamato: A chameleon sandwich?
Mitsuru: Yeah, that's what I named it.
Takuya: So what sort of bizarre thing can it do?
Mitsuru: So if you eat this? You can conceal your aura completely.
Gakuto: Well damn...
Takuya: What sort of ingredients managed that?!
Mitsuru: I started with amino acids, since they neutralize the ammonia and amines in your body... ...[one thesis later]...and eliminates odor.
Mitsuru: It will also temporarily weaken your life force.
Mitsuru: By paralyzing your parasympathetic and primary nervous systems...[redacted]...it weakens your vitality, which erases your aura.
Gakuto: D-Doesn't that mean it's a poison?
Mitsuru: Yeah, it's similar to one. This is dangerous stuff.
Takuya: Why would you make something so dangerous?
Mitsuru: For research into culinary culture. This is a reproduction of ninja rations.
Yamato: I see.
Mitsuru: Anyways, Gakuto asked me to tell him the next time I came up with a recipe for anything peculiar, so here I am.
Gakuto: Right, thanks. But this time, I think I'm good.
Takuya: Yeah, I don't want to risk my health.
Mitsuru: What about you, Naoe-kun?
Yamato: ...Well, I might as well hold on to it.
Mitsuru: If you ever do eat it? Make sure you have a strong conviction, okay?
Yamato: Got it.
Mitsuru: And it's just a prototype, so I won't mind if you just throw it away. Really.
*.........*
*I'd never expected to have the chance to use it, but...*
*Since we were all going on this trip together...*
*Sealing my aura meant I could peep in on the girls' bath.*
*After all, knowing how strong my friends were, I probably wouldn't survive otherwise.*
*But with this... Well, no harm in bringing it along.*
Momoyo: Huh? Yamato's got a big grin on his face.
Miyako: There he goes again, thinking something stupid...
Miyako: (But your expression right now is wonderful, Yamato.)
*And so we headed to Okinawa--*
*We arrived close to sundown.*
*--Close to bathtime.*
*Would I use the 'chameleon sandwich' to peek?*
No, do not peek
Be normal
Yes, I must peek
Yamato: Nah...
*No, this just wasn't a good idea.*
*I had the perverted heart of a guy, but...*
*Using this didn't feel right.*
*Well, I could just keep things normal.*
*Just act normal...?*
*Then no, I wouldn't peek.*
*Even if we were on vacation, better not to get in over my head.*
*I made sure nobody ate the Chameleon Sandwich, and eventually threw it out.*
*Sorry, Kuma-chan.*
Yamato: ...I've been waiting for this trip for so long.
Yamato: I have to go.
*Besides, this was more of me doing a medical checkup on them.*
*Was everyone eating properly?*
*Were they growing well?*
*I had to make fully sure, as their tactician.*
Yamato: ...Then off I go!
*I devoured the, what had he called it? The ninja ration.*
Yamato: It's sweet... He must have done that to make it edible.
*Then I hid in the bushes near the spring.*
*Normally, the girls would find me there in a heartbeat...*
*I could already feel my limbs growing numb.*
*Soon I couldn't even move my lips. Only my consciousness remained.*
*I was practically a corpse, but this did mean my aura was gone.*
Momoyo: Let's see... Hmm... I don't sense anyone anywhere nearby.
Yamato: (That's Nee-san's voice.)
Momoyo: Then there's no need to be defensive, not here.
Yamato: (Yes! It fooled her!)
*So what was happening now?*
Yamato: ...Gh?!
*What were those towels doing there?!*
*It wasn't really my place to complain, being the peeper, yet here we were.*
*What were those towels doing there?!*
*I'd risked my life for this.*
*And towels. Towels!*
*Did they have a problem with letting a poor guy have some fun?!*
*Then a certain phrase popped into my mind.*
*Karma's a bitch.*
*Ugh, this was what I got for making all those awful choices.*
*Everything always comes back to bite you in the end.*
*This was the worst.*
*The one bright spot was Mayucchi's ass.*
Yamato: Damn, she's got assets where it counts...
*I could see a second butt off in the distance, but I couldn't care less about it.*
*Wanko had a tight ass, but Mayucchi's just couldn't be ignored.*
*I stared, my eyes fixed on the beauty of it.*
Yamato: ...Amazing.
*Mayucchi, you were just... beautiful.*
*That ponytail, like a true samurai girl's.*
*A voluptuous ass paired with a generous bosom.*
*And her pristine white skin.*
*The perfect female body.*
*Wanko, sure, she was fit.*
*And Nee-san... She gave glimpses, but nothing I could really appreciate.*
*Miyako was... wonderful.*
*It was hard to believe I'd fended off her attacks day after day for so long.*
*Chris was no less spectacular.*
*And she was at the perfect angle for me to see everything.*
*......So she was blond down there, too.*
*I could hear them talking.*
*Time to maximize my weakened sense of hearing.*
Chris: So Mayucchi, how goes things with Yamato?
Yukie: I-I don't know how I'm supposed to...
Chris: Your embarrassment is clear from a glance.
Chris: If you like him, then why not simply express that?
Chris: Oh, what about the suspension bridge effect during the upcoming trip?
Yukie: I'm amazed that you know that Japanese term, Chris-san.
Chris: Never underestimate a Japanophile.
Yukie: Should I tell him, or...?
Miyako: *stare*
Yukie: ......
Yukie: *glance*
Miyako: ...You don't have to worry about me, you know?
Miyako: It's how Yamato feels that really matters.
Miyako: I don't mind... No, that's not true. But you should do what you want.
Chris: See, even Miyako has granted you permission.
Miyako: If you're still holding back, then I guess your love must not be all that.
Chris: Yes, yes. I truly agree.
Miyako: Actually, you should be raging at me, yelling that I shouldn't get a say either way.
Yukie: I-I wouldn't go that far.
Miyako: ...Nevertheless, with your body, it's hard to believe you're a freshman.
Yukie: Fweh?
Miyako: Especially that giant peach you have for a backside. How could Yamato resist that?
Miyako: You're so lucky...
Yukie: D-Do you really think so?
Miyako: You know how you usually wear pants at home, Mayucchi?
Miyako: I'm always catching Yamato looking at you whenever you go to pick up bags, or clean, or just stick out your butt in general.
Yamato: (Gaahh! Why must she watch the watching man?!)
Chris: ...He is such a pervert.
*Oooh, I felt like I was being raked over the coals.*
*As for the Kawakami sisters...*
Kazuko: Hmm, hmm, hmm
Kazuko: Onee-sama, I can wash my hair by myself without opening my eyes!
Momoyo: You're such a big girl! That's my sister!
*They were completely carefree.*
Kazuko: I really hope the typhoon stays away tomorrow.
Momoyo: Actually, it looks like it's coming tonight.
Momoyo: We might have to just hole up for a day.
Yukie: And after coming all this way, too... That's such a shame.
Momoyo: Eh, it'll be gone by the next day anyways.
Momoyo: And I sent plenty of things to get us through a rainy day from the Kawakami Temple.
Kazuko: Huh? Like what?
Momoyo: Heh heh, you'll just have to wait and see.
*What followed was a casual chat.*
Momoyo: Yo. Enjoyed the feast for the eyes earlier?
Yamato: What are you talking about? (How'd she know?!)
Momoyo: I sensed your presence during that initial sweep.
Momoyo: But I didn't say a thing. Now we're even.
Yamato: Y-Yeah... (Even? But what... Oh, the attack at the secret base.)
Momoyo: That was a pretty good trick you pulled, hiding your ki, but not good enough.
Momoyo: Kuri and the rest of them really should've noticed...
*She'd seen through me from the start... That could've been ugly.*
*Kuma-chan still had some work to do, clearly.*
*Though maybe this was the best we could hope for against Nee-san.*
*And so our first night here drew late...*
*Okinawa day 2.*
Takuya: It's supposed to be horrible outside.
Miyako: What a typhoon.
Yamato: Gakuto, what happened with your lucky charm?
Gakuto: I followed the book. I mean, seriously.
Momoyo: It's Okinawa in August. You have to expect one or two.
Yukie: But we should be able to play outside tomorrow.
Matsukaze: Yo, ah'm strippin' down and breakin' out my best dressage moves.
Momoyo: Yeah, we'll go swimming at Hatenohama Beach.
Yukie: What should we do today?
Chris: Train! (She jumped to her feet.)
Yamato: Relax! (I slumped in my chair.)
Shouichi: Well, we can each do what we want.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, I think we've got a package.
Momoyo: Heh, so it's finally here.
Momoyo: For our long-awaited excursion, I've prepared this.
Momoyo: It should get us through the storm.
*She took a bottle out of the cardboard box.*
Gakuto: Whoa, alcohol?! Finally!
Momoyo: It's not alcohol! It's Kawakami Water!
Yukie: Kawakami Water? What sort of water might that be?
Chris: There is no alcohol in it?
Momoyo: Tactician Yamato.
Yamato: It's non-alcoholic.
Yamato: It's non-alcoholic.
Momoyo: Something that important has to be said twice.
Yamato: It's just normal water, drawn from the source of the Tama River. It's not alcohol, of course, so we can drink it, but it can have similar effects.
Takuya: You whizzed right through that explanation.
Momoyo: If you get buzzed, just assume it's from our fun atmosphere.
*Nee-san poured out enough glasses for everyone.*
Chris: The smell is... Like water, too.
Momoyo: Right? So there's no reason to feel uncomfortable about it.
Chris: You sent so many bottles... Will we be able to drink them all?
Momoyo: You better believe it. It tastes great.
Shouichi: Hmm. Then I guess I'll have me a drink.
Yamato: Though Nee-san, you didn't need to serve for everyone.
Yukie: Yes, I would be happy to do it.
Momoyo: It's fine, it's fine. Let me do the first round.
Kazuko: It looks completely clear, too.
Momoyo: Oooooo kay! So Capt!
Shouichi: Yeah! Time to batten down the hatches!
Shouichi: Cheers!
*I took a chug, and Chris and the others followed my lead.*
Chris: This is a touch sweet. It goes down easily.
Chris: And yet it warms the stomach. This is delicious.
Yamato: Yeah. (It's non-alcoholic, though!)
Kazuko: Oh, this would go great with sashimi.
Kazuko: I love how smooth it is.
Yamato: Yes. (Still non-alcoholic.)
Miyako: I feel like my mind's going distant.
Yamato: Quite so. (Zero alcohol.)
Yukie: Yes... I think the occasional drink would be good for your health.
Yamato: I concur. (Zero...)
Gakuto: I think that I have started to feel... good.
Yamato: (None...)
Shouichi: But you're absolutely sure there's no alcohol or anything in this?
Yamato: (...)
Shouichi: Whoops, right, yeah.
Momoyo: What's it going to be like with everyone quasi-drunk?
Momoyo: I can't wait to see. Heheheh.
Shouichi: But you know, man... I'm getting all sleepy.
Takuya: Right...? I can't stay awake... either... Zzz...
Shouichi: And here I thought I'd be able to hold my non-liquor...
Yamato: Capt, for you, there's a simple reason.
Yamato: Your lack of sleep.
Shouichi: Oh, that so... Zzz...
Momoyo: Two down already? You're such kids.
Yamato: I'll lay them down in the boys' room next door.
Gakuto: Ah... It's like there's a fire in my belly!
Gakuto: First up is me, Shimazu Gakuto, and I am goin' to strip!
Momoyo: Nobody wants to see that!
Yukie: Gakuto-san, please try to control yourself!
Chris: Wahahahaha! Yes, do it!
Yukie: Chris-san?
Momoyo: Well one of us has clearly snapped.
Yukie: Maybe she doesn't have much tolerance for Kawakami Water. (She took another drink.)
Momoyo: (Mayu-Mayu looks completely unflustered.)
Gakuto: Ah, geez. It's so hot in here! Why are you all still wearin' so much...?
Chris: Hahahaha, hahahaha. (She gulped down more of the stuff.)
Gakuto: I'm startin' to think now is my chance to put the moves on Chris!
Chris: Too bad!
*She drove a leg into Gakuto's face.*
Chris: My guard is as strong as the iron curtain! The iron curtain, I say!
Yukie: Ahhhh, Chris-san, you're going to spill it.
Yamato: I'm gone for one minute and you've already killed Gakuto...?
Yamato: Oh well. I'll carry him to the others.
Momoyo: Get back fast!
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I'll be waiting.
Chris: Yamato, where are you going?!
Yamato: I'm taking Gakuto to the boys' room.
Chris: You had best come back quickly!
Yamato: Yes, yes.
*I carried Gakuto to our room.*
Yamato: You all can stay right where you are...
Yamato: Leave the drunk girls to me!
*Things seemed to be getting exciting, maybe because of the drink.*
*Yet no true tactician would let himself get too deep in his cups of Water.*
Yamato: Breezy, buzz it, easy does it. Just play it cool, boy.
Yamato: Whooaaa! Here I go!
*I charged into the room.*
Chris: You are late, Yamato!
Chris: Wax this.
Yamato: D-Do you mean 'wash this'?
Chris: No, I misspoke... Drink.
Yamato: *gulp* *gulp*
Momoyo: So Kuri's a happy drunk.
Chris: *swig* *gulp* *gulp*
Yamato: Whoa! She's drinking straight from the bottle?
Momoyo: Let her. I'm making sure to take plenty of photos.
*She grinned, cell phone in hand.*
Chris: *Thud!* Zzz...
Momoyo: Want to buy the photos? It's good blackmail.
Yamato: I don't think that's necessary.
Miyako: ......
Yamato: So, what are you doing next to me?
Miyako: I love you. (She ground against me.)
Momoyo: Here, Miyako. Drink.
Miyako: Mm-hm, mmm-hmmmmm.
Miyako: *gulp* *gulp*
Miyako: *Thud!*
Yamato: She self-destructed...
Kazuko: Aww, did Miyako drink herself sick, too?
Yamato: You seem... normal.
Kazuko: It's not good for your body to start gulping down Kawakami Water. I think it's the same way for sake, too?
Kazuko: Anyways, you have to take your time to enjoy it!
Yamato: You're as particular about food and drink as ever...
Momoyo: Yamato, I'll pour you some.
Yamato: Thanks.
Momoyo: ...Good luck.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: I'm off to have some fun with Kuri in the bath.
Momoyo: So come along, Kuri. I'll be your personal nurse.
Kazuko: Have a good time.
Momoyo: You bring Miyako.
Kazuko: 'Kay! C'mon, Miyako! Let's go!
*The four girls left for the bath.*
*...Leaving only...*
Yukie: ...Just the two of us, isn't it?
*Me and Mayucchi.*
*Part of me wished she hadn't worked so hard to give us some privacy.*
Yukie: ... (She looked about.)
*...Did that mean she felt that way about me?!*
Yamato: ...Mayucchi, you seem completely sober.
Yukie: Yes, I'm fine.
Yamato: Y-Yeah... That's great.
Yukie: I was born in sake country, after all.
Yukie: Perhaps that gives me an immunity from its effects.
Yamato: I see.
Matsukaze: It ain't easy, bein' the only sober girl at a party.
Yamato: Sounds like a hard-boiled wonderland.
Yamato: ...By the way, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Yes? (She gulped down another cup.)
Yamato: So you know how I suddenly kissed you the other day?
Yukie: Th-That was... Um...
*Wow. She'd actually managed to keep it together until after she'd finished swallowing, like a real pro.*
*I sat down next to her.*
Yukie: ......
*...She looked as nervous as I felt!*
Yukie: I-I'll put Matsukaze between us. (She set him down there.)
Matsukaze: Yo, ah'm here!
Yamato: Don't be a third wheel. (I gently removed him.)
Matsukaze: You're gonna make me cry!
Yukie: But Yamato-san, you...
Yamato: Hmm?
Yukie: You removed him kindly for my sake, didn't you?
Yukie: That part of you is wonderfully warm.
Yamato: ...And that's such a kind thing for you to say.
*I took her hand.*
Yukie: Hauuuu...
Yukie: (That was my last chance to run away.)
Yamato: (I won't let you slip away again.)
Yamato: Mayucchi, rest assured I'm just as nervous as you are.
Yukie: Ah, you're right. I can feel your heart pounding, and...
Yamato: ...The smell of alcohol in the air probably doesn't make for the ideal backdrop for this, but...
Yamato: Mayucchi, I love you. Will you go out with me?
Yukie: ......Ooh.
Yamato: Well?
*Mayucchi slowly freed her hand.*
Yamato: Huh?
Yukie: ...Yamato-san.
*She stared at me, deadly serious.*
Yukie: I might not be the best girlfriend, but I'd be happy to be yours.
*She bowed, her hands on the floor.*
Yamato: Whoa, you scared me. I thought you were going to say no.
Yukie: ...I couldn't be happier, Yamato-san.
Yamato: I think we're going to have fun together.
Yamato: And Matsukaze too, of course.
Yukie: ...Yes!!!
*Mayucchi replied with a truly dazzling smile.*
*Cute girlfriend, UNLOCKED!*
*--Day 3, the storm had passed.*
*Everyone was surprised by the news of our relationship.*
Miyako: I wake up, and you're already an item? You're such a jerk.
Chris: Whenever did you... Well done, Mayucchi.
Gakuto: Given that she's younger than us, I'm definitely happy for you.
Takuya: Congrats, Yamato.
Shouichi: There's no rule sayin' any of us can't fall in love with each other. Go for it.
Yamato: Thanks.
Momoyo: She's a high-spec girl. You got to treat her right.
Yamato: Okay.
Kazuko: This is the first time any of us have started going out with each other.
Kazuko: It feels kinda strange, but...
Kazuko: Nope, that doesn't change anything!
Miyako: Consistency is a good thing.
Momoyo: All right, all right, now let's have a blast!
Kazuko: Oh, guess what guess what? There's a place in the hotel where you can have your picture taken.
Kazuko: Mayucchi, you and Yamato should take a picture together!
Yukie: Oh... That does sound nice.
Yukie: But we do have cell phones, so...
Yukie: So if we're going to take a fancy picture, we should all be in it!
Shouichi: Yeah, maybe we oughta take a commemorative photo and all that. Gather round!
Chris: Oh, Capt is calling us to gather?
Miyako: Hey, hey. Mayucchi, don't hide in the corner of the frame.
Momoyo: It's your happy day, so you should be right in the middle.
Yukie: Wawawa.
Chris: Come, Yamato. Stand next to her.
Yamato: All right, I'm going, so stop pushing me.
Gakuto: I am perfectly fine right here. Today, I will yield the spotlight to you.
Takuya: Then I'll just stand here.
Shouichi: Here's my spot!
Kazuko: Hey, hey! Don't push me!
Miyako: Says you?
*We were all still jostling about when they took the picture.*
Shouichi: Sweet, that's over and done with! Time to charge the beach!
*And so our forces advanced towards the sea.*
*...As we frolicked by the cobalt blue sea, time passed us by.*
Gakuto: Oh, it looks like it's finally just us guys.
Gakuto: So damn you, Yamato! I can't believe you left us behind like this!
Yamato: She's not even your type. And you just said you'd cheer us on.
Gakuto: Dude, do you really think that's how I feel?
Yamato: Maybe 20% of you. The rest, jealousy.
Takuya: You didn't even blink.
Gakuto: I gotta get a girlfriend of my own too, come hell or high water!
Gakuto: So I've set my sights on Chris. Her father's, well... I'll think of somethin'... I hope.
Takuya: That's not a bad idea, minus the part where it's impossible.
Gakuto: You're as blunt as he is...
Gakuto: Moro, you're not still angry at Chris, are you?
Takuya: Nope, not one bit. But I'm not interested in her either.
Gakuto: Then go for Miyako while she's rebounding.
Takuya: ...Well, I can at least offer her a listening ear.
Shouichi: Pwah! Guys, I saw this totally cool shark thing, and you all have to check it...
Shouichi: Whoa, you're having a group chat without me? Lemme in!
*Capt shoved his way in.*
Gakuto: Capt, you go play with your fellow airhead, Wanko.
Shouichi: Sweet! Maybe it's finally time for the two of us to have a swimming race!
Takuya: But that leaves Momo-senpai by her... Wow.
*She'd already started hitting on a group of beautiful women.*
Takuya: I don't think we have to worry about her.
Gakuto: Great, then let's split up. Fortune favors the bold!
Yamato: I'm just glad to wind up alone with Mayucchi.
*And so everyone headed off to their respective destinations.*
*As for Moro and Miyako...*
Miyako: ...Hmm. This is a nice sandcastle, if I do say so myself.
*Miyako had simply set to making a sandcastle.*
Miyako: I'll call it Kazama's Showdown Castle. Everyone will live there.
Takuya: Hey, Miyako. That looks absolutely incredible. Can I help?
Miyako: Mm-hm. Help me install the Kazama Cannon in the keep.
Takuya: This castle's going to be really stylish...
*The two bustled about.*
Miyako: ...Heh heh heh. Moro, you're so klutzy.
Takuya: Ooh, I'm such a fool. I'll make up for it by working extra hard.
Miyako: Moro, it's not like I'm feeling depressed or anything.
Miyako: You really don't have to worry about me, okay?
Takuya: Huh?
Takuya: Oh, yes, right. Sorry, I was too focused on building the sandcastle.
Miyako: You really are klutzy.
Miyako: (There's no way I'm giving up, Yamato. Though I'm in for a long fight...)
*The two continued in silence.*
*As for Chris and Gakuto's...*
Gakuto: Wow... The castle looks magnificent.
Gakuto: Yet I am old enough now that I won't go stompin' on it!
Chris: Is that something to be proud of?
Gakuto: But man, you were a pretty funny drunk last night.
Chris: What do you mean?
Gakuto: I mean, what else could I mean?
Chris: I have no recollection of it.
Gakuto: At all?
Chris: No. (She said flatly.)
Gakuto: Wow...
Gakuto: ...Anyways, you surely know how Mayucchi and Yamato are a couple.
Chris: Indeed. I am glad Mayucchi looks so happy.
Gakuto: Well, would you like some of that happiness for yourself?
Chris: I feel as if you are beginning to disturb me.
Gakuto: Yamato, why do you do so much better than me, even in this?
*Gakuto's chances were looking slim.*
*As for Capt and Wanko...*
Shouichi: Check this out! I was out with the dolphins, and they taught me this cool new way to swim!
Kazuko: Y-You're going so fast! But I won't lose!
Kazuko: But orcas? What? (Wait, was it orcas?)
Shouichi: So remember when I popped down here for a preview? I was swimming out in the sea when suddenly they're all around me.
Shouichi: But they turned out to be all friendly, and we went for a huge swim.
Kazuko: Lucky. Stop always having cool things happen to just you!
Kazuko: I won't lose! Kawakami Long-Range Swimming!
Shouichi: You've sped up? Wait, hold up -- is there a Kawakami technique for everything?!
*The two children played together.*
*And finally, as for me and Mayuzumi Yukie...*
*We found an isolated place where we could splash in the water.*
Yamato: It's so sunny. It's hard to believe there was a typhoon just yesterday.
*I held her hand. It felt warmer than the sun.*
Yukie: Yes. Both of our prayers must have paid off.
Matsukaze: Nah, three people were prayin'!
Yamato: Hey, you're a 'person' now? Who even are you?
Matsukaze: A fragment of a god escaped destruction during the birth of the universe. It then smashed the laws of causality, and now seeks to open the gates of time.
Matsukaze: That there is me...
Yamato: Try bringing it down a notch.
*I poked at the hermit crab by my feet.*
Matsukaze: But, I've been thinkin' it's high time I--
Yamato: Argh, you're ruining the mood.
Yukie: So I would appreciate it if you were quiet for a little while, okay?
Matsukaze: ...I guess...
*The time we had for just the two of us was quickly running out.*
*Which made me long for Mayucchi all the more.*
Yamato: Mayucchi... I want to kiss you.
Yukie: ...Okay...
Yamato: Mmm... *kiss*
Yukie: Mn...
Yukie: Haah, a kiss... We kissed...
Yukie: ...On this beautiful beach, we kissed.
Yukie: It's so romantic.
Yamato: Okay.
Yamato: Mayucchi, like... You always seemed like such a proper young lady, the kind who saved her lips until marriage.
Yukie: My mother once told me...
Yukie: That if a man appears who makes me want to spend the rest of my life with him, I should feel free to offer whatever I want.
Yamato: Oh...
Yukie: I've already settled on my answer.
Yukie: Yamato-san... To you, I would offer anything.
Yamato: Mayucchi... You have such a cute smile.
Yukie: D-Do you really think so?
Yamato: You'd have a thousand friends, if only you always smiled like this.
Yukie: But I'm not doing it on purpose or anything...
Yukie: Maybe it's because, when I'm with you, I don't have to feel nervous.
Yamato: You put up really strong barriers around your heart, didn't you?
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Mayucchi...
Yamato: ...You're my girlfriend, but I'm still calling you Mayucchi...?
Yukie: I like you calling me that.
Yamato: Okay... Then I'll stick with your nickname for a little while longer.
*But soon, I wanted to be close enough to call her by her first name.*
*We lived in the same dorm. Progress was likely to be swift.*
Yamato: ...Oh, shoot. My mind's going to all sorts of dirty places.
Matsukaze: What're you whisperin' 'bout?
Yamato: Oof! You called me out on it, Matsukaze?!
Yamato: Ahem! There's still time!
Yamato: Let's play, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Yes, Yamato-san!
*I strengthened my grip, and she squeezed my hand in kind.*
Yukie: Mm...
*Afterwards, we shared one more kiss.*
*And so the curtains closed on our Okinawa trip.*
*Mayucchi and I had been going out for about two weeks now.*
*It was summer break, so we had all the time in the world.*
Yamato: *yawn* Oh... It's eleven?
*I must've stayed up too late studying last night.*
*It was blazing hot outside, and blazingly bright to match.*
*How the cicadas had the energy to keep chirping, I'd never know.*
Yamato: Morning, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Oh, Yamato-san. Good morning to you.
Yamato: I think it's just us inside the dorm.
Yukie: Everyone else already headed out for the day.
Yamato: When it's this hot? I'm amazed they want to go outside.
Yukie: I believe the high today is 35C, so...
Yamato: Mayucchi, doesn't the heat bother you?
Yukie: Thanks to Foehn-san, Hokuriku has hot summers too.
Yamato: Oh, right. I've heard about how hot it can get even in May up there.
Yukie: Yes, so I can operate normally even in this.
Yamato: That's good... I don't have any plans today...
Yukie: Nor do I.
Yamato: So we're just two young kids with more energy than we know what to do with.
Yukie: Th-That expression seems... How do I put this...?
Matsukaze: Yahoo! I'm top summer boy Matsukaze, comin' to you live over the psyche-waves from my room straight to your brain.
Yamato: I guess you've barged your way into this conversation.
Matsukaze: You keep up with that suggestive talk, and my girl Mayucchi's gonna freeze up.
Yamato: It's no big deal. I'll massage that out of her. (I reached out with a glint in my eyes.)
Yukie: ...Wh-Why do you look like you're about to grab something...?
Yamato: If there's no one here, that means there's no one to get in our way.
*I ran my fingers through her long, sleek hair.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san?
Yamato: Let's take it easy. *kiss*
*I planted a gentle kiss on her lips.*
Yukie: Y-Yes...
Matsukaze: You damn oil-bath lady-killer... You made my girl Mayucchi ding!
Yamato: Is that... Breakfast? Or should I say, lunch?
Yukie: Yes. I made enough for both of us.
Yukie: There's chilled noodles, along with some snacks to munch on...
Yamato: Ohh, chilled noodles sounds great.
*But nevertheless...*
*It was just, what an ass.*
Yamato: Please, keep on cooking.
*She was my girlfriend, so I was free to stare at her all day.*
Yukie: I-I can't relax with you staring.
Yamato: It's fine, it's fine.
Yamato: Every man likes to watch a woman cook.
Yukie: Is that what this is?
Yamato: Yeah. Knowing we're going to be sharing what you're cooking makes me feel so happy.
*I said, then kissed her again.*
Yukie: *kiss* ...Haweh, Yamato-san.
Yamato: So I'm going to stare away.
Yukie: Okay...
Yamato: Do you want me to kiss you again? All right then.
Yukie: Hamph... Haweh...
Yamato: Don't hurt yourself.
Yukie: 'ay...
*I went back to admiring that fine backside.*
*...Green? Mayucchi did like that color.*
*It jiggled with her every movement.*
Yamato: It's strange, but I'm suddenly hungry for a peach.
Yukie: Oh, would you like one?
Yamato: Can I?!
Yukie: Yes. It's filled with juicy deliciousness.
Yamato: I couldn't agree more.
*I smiled at how she'd misunderstood me.*
Yamato: Mayucchi... Another kiss?
Yukie: I would like to kiss too... Go ahead.
Yamato: Mn... *kiss*
Yukie: Hamph... *kiss*
*I let my hands swing around to her ass.*
Yukie: Hauu!
Yukie: Y-Y-Y-Yamato-san?
Yamato: Oh, sorry about that.
Yamato: But it looked so alluring.
Yukie: Ohhh, but it's still so early to...
*She started fidgeting.*
Yamato: That sounds like the perfect time to get it on.
Yukie: Yamato-san, is that all that's on your mind?
*I squeezed her tender butt through her pants.*
Yukie: Wah!
Yamato: I'm the victim here. No man could resist your butt's siren call.
Yukie: Yamato-san... This is all so... sudden...
Yamato: Huff, huff... Part of me wants to take you now.
Yukie: Awawawa.
Yamato: I'm kidding. That'd be dangerous. I wouldn't want anyone to get hurt.
*I pulled back my hand.*
Yukie: ...You're far too bold.
Yamato: Yeah, that's what all the ladies in my neighborhood said back when I was a kid.
Matsukaze: The hell sorta kid were ya?
*Matsukaze with the comeback from upstairs!*
Yukie: Sheesh. Could you please stop touching me so suddenly?
Yamato: One more time... I'm going in!
Yukie: Hauu! I just told you--Ahhn!
Yamato: It looked to me like you wanted it.
Yukie: And it turns out that you were mistaken.
Yamato: Can I bury my face in your butt?
Matsukaze: Pervert alarm!
Yamato: I'm kidding. Kidding! Heh heh heh.
Yukie: Auau. I'm stuck alone with the most terrifying person in the world...
Yamato: ...Well, that's enough fooling around.
*I removed my hands from her butt, though I wished I could have kept them there forever.*
Yukie: Whew, that is a relief.
*I yanked down her pants and checked out her underwear.*
Yamato: So you are wearing green again today.
Yukie: Waahhh!
Yamato: Sorry. I'll stop for real now.
Yukie: Hamph... Mn... *kiss*
*Having done all the sexual harassment I could, I left.*
Yamato: (We both desire each other's body more and more.)
Yamato: (I like her personality and her body too. What could be more wonderful than this?)
*A brazen thought, but I embraced it fully.*
*.........*
Yamato: Thanks for the food. It was delicious.
Yukie: You have such a wonderful appetite, Yamato-san.
Yukie: I'll go wash the dishes.
Yamato: Let's do it together.
Yukie: Yes
Yukie: What should we do this afternoon?
Yamato: After eating your affection-filled meal, I'm getting sleepy.
Yukie: Would you like to take a nap?
Yamato: Yeah... And if I'm sleeping anywhere, it's on the most comfortable pillow in the world.
Yukie: ......?
Yukie: Hehe. So this is what you meant.
Yamato: I figured I'd try.
Yukie: This is lovely.
Yukie: By all means, please.
*The clock had struck three. There wasn't a cloud in the sky.*
*The singing of the cicadas had deepened, signifying the end of summer.*
Yukie: Is the wind cool?
Yamato: Okay.
*I could hear above me the jingle of the wind chimes.*
Yukie: With the heat being what it is, Matsukaze's taking a nap too.
Yamato: I see... Ah, this is paradise.
Yamato: I can't imagine a softer pillow than your lap.
Yukie: No, I wouldn't -- I mean...
Yamato: You're gonna be modest over that?
Yukie: *pat*
*She gently stroked my hair.*
Yukie: You're always patting my head, so...
Yukie: So this time, I would like to take the liberty of patting yours.
Yamato: Okay... Ahh, this is really relaxing.
Yukie: ...Heheh...
Yamato: ......
Yukie: ... *pat, pat*
Yamato: ...Come to think of it, Mayucchi.
Yukie: Yes, what is it?
Yamato: You've told me a lot about Oowada-san, but...
Yamato: What about Fushikawa?
Yukie: Oh, it's been smooth sailing, thank you for asking.
Yukie: We spoke over the phone yesterday. She told me all about Karuizawa, which is where she currently is.
Yamato: Bragging, I take it?
Yukie: I was happy to listen.
Yukie: And I was so happy to hear her say that she wants to take a trip there with me.
Yukie: None of this would have happened without you, Yamato-san.
Yamato: Nah, you did all of this on your own.
Yukie: The Prime Minister sent me a postcard.
Yamato: He must have written it during the time he usually spends reading manga on airplanes.
Yukie: My life is going swimmingly, thanks to you.
Yamato: What are you saying? You did all the hard work.
Yamato: Have some confidence in your... Wait, I'm lecturing you, aren't I?
Yukie: Oh, no. Please, keep going.
Yamato: Are you a masochist...?
Yukie: I want you to care about me.
Yamato: Wow, that was one heck of a fastball.
Yukie: I love you, so...
Yamato: Seriously?
Yukie: Yes. You are the object of my affection.
Yamato: I totally love you too.
Yamato: ...That feels so shallow.
Yukie: Not in the slightest.
Yamato: ...But I'm truly happy to see you've made friends.
Yamato: Now, you'd be fine even without me.
Yukie: ...Without you?
Yukie: ......
Yamato: ...Mayucchi?
Yukie: Ooooooh.
Yukie: Just thinking about that is so, so depressing...
Yukie: ...I'd hate for you to be gone.
Yukie: Please stay with me, Yamato-san.
Yamato: ...You're being ridiculous.
Yukie: Not in the slightest.
Yukie: I want to be like this forever, and...
Yukie: If you were gone, I'd...
Yamato: Right, your imagination's nothing to scoff at.
Yamato: Did your mind start going places?
Yukie: ...Yes.
Yamato: Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere.
Yukie: ...Yes...
Yamato: Though actually, you'd better not go anywhere either.
Yukie: Of course not. I would accompany you to the ends of the earth.
Yamato: ...Mayucchi.
Yamato: Then if I told you here and now I wanted to see your boobs, you'd show them to me?
Yukie: Huh? Whaaa? How did the conversation jump to that?
Yamato: Well? How about it?
Yukie: W-Well... Umm... Ah...
Yukie: What about a quick glance from the side?
Yamato: What about baring it all?
Yukie: ...That's too embarrassing.
Yamato: I'm not going to get any less perverted. Are you fine with that?
Yukie: ...It's less that I don't want to, and more that I can't gather up the courage...
Yukie: But you could touch them, if you want?
Yamato: ...Haha, I was joking.
Yamato: But I really appreciate how far you're willing to go for me.
Yamato: I feel like you really would follow me to the ends of the earth.
Yukie: Naturally.
Yukie: ...Your perverted side has erased my tears.
Yamato: Good, good.
Yukie: Matsukaze just woke up. He's on his way here.
Yamato: ...Uh, there's really no need to bring him here.
Yamato: ......
Yukie: ......
Yamato: I changed my mind. Can I play with your boobs after all?
Yukie: Auauau.
*So the afternoon drew on...*
Yamato: Ohh... This feeling... It's incredible! *grope*
Yukie: Aweh... Kh...
Yamato: I'm going to use these as handgrips from now on!
Yukie: Oh, Yamato-san...
*We were lovebirds to a T.*
*Next week marked the beginning the second semester.*
Yukie: Good morning, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Morning, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Yes! Today begins the new semester!
Yamato: Give me a good morning kiss.
Yukie: Yes.
Yamato: Hamph... *smack*...
Yukie: Amph... *kiss*... Mn!
Yamato: ...You looked so cute in your uniform, I couldn't help but make it a French kiss.
Yukie: Haweh... Oh Yamato-san.
Yamato: It looks so novel, after seeing you in pants for so long.
Yamato: You probably shouldn't come dressed like that to my room at night, or I won't be able to hold back.
Yukie: Ah, you're full of energy this morning.
*The second semester had began.*
Iyo: Well? Made any big strides with Naoe-senpai?
Yukie: Umm... He's getting more aggressive with each passing day, and...
Iyo: Squee! I'm so jealous!
Iyo: I wish I had a boyfriend...
Yukie: You can do it too, Iyo-chan.
Iyo: So personally? Nanahama Bay's been so weak recently that, well...
Iyo: I'm more worried about them.
Yukie: That's just like you.
*......*
*--That night, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yukie: That's everything that happened.
Yamato: You spent too long chatting at the restaurant. It's night already.
Yukie: But we had so much to talk about.
Yamato: I mean, I don't really mind.
*More importantly, she'd come wearing her uniform.*
Yamato: Mayucchi, come over here.
Yukie: Okay.
*That had to be consent.*
*I kissed her.*
Yukie: Mm...
*The instant our lips touched, I pined for her all the more.*
*I pulled her close and kissed her even more passionately.*
Yukie: Hah... Mmm... Mn!
Yamato: Mn...
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss* mm.
*We both kissed each other more intensely.*
*Our tongues were naturally entwining around each other.*
Yukie: Huff... *lick*... *kiss*... *lick*...
*Unable to resist, I groped her ass.*
Yukie: Aww... Mnn... Yamato-san.
Yukie: ...You're so dirty... Ah!
*As I kept going, I could feel myself getting hard.*
Yamato: *kiss*... *lick*... Today, I don't want to stop...
Yamato: I want you, Yukie.
Yukie: ...Yes...
*I could see the love pour from her when I called her by her given name.*
Matsukaze: Mayucchi... You bold, girl. Good luck...
Yamato: (Huh? You'd have Matsukaze talk now?)
*Oh, but if I kissed her, that should seal both their lips.*
Yamato: *kiss, lick*... *lick*...
Yukie: Hau... Mn, nmm... *lick*... *lick*
Yamato: Yukie, your heart... It's pounding so fast.
Yukie: That's because we're kissing, Yamato-san...
*I touched her breasts, then proceeded to grope them.*
Yukie: Hau... Mn, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Your moans are so sexy...
Yukie: That's because of you, Yamato-san... Mn... *kiss*
*As I worked my hands over her voluptuous bosom, I laid my lips on hers.*
*Even through her clothes, I could tell how splendidly large they were.*
Yukie: Mn... *kiss*... *smack, smack, slurp*...
*As we kissed, I slowly but steadily took off her clothes.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn, mm... *kiss* mn, Yamato-san...
*There were a few trickier places, but there was no need to rush.*
Yukie: ...Huff... Huff... Mn, ah, ah... Mn.
Yamato: Yukie, your breasts are so big and soft and perfect.
Yukie: Hah, ooh... Thank you very much, mnn.
Yukie: *kiss*... Mnn... *smack*... *slurp* mnn...
*I played with her firmly round boobs and butt while saliva flowed between us.*
Yukie: Mm... *kiss* ahh, Yamato-san... The way you move your hands is so nasty...
Yamato: You're too cute for me to stop.
Yukie: There you go again with that silly--Ah, ahh!
Yamato: You think I don't mean it? Stick out your tongue.
Yukie: Yes...
Yamato: Mn... *lick*... *lick* *lick* *lick*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn... *lick* *peck*... *kiss*
*Little by little, the tension drained from her body.*
Yukie: *smack* *slurp*... Mnnn... *kiss* *gulp*
*Moist sounds echoed through the room we exchanged saliva.*
Yukie: Your tongue feels so good... Mm... *kiss* Mn... *slurp*... *smack*... Mn... *peck*
Yamato: Oh, geez... You melt so adorably.
*My hand began to knead her breasts harder.*
Yamato: I want *kiss* you to feel even better, Yukie.
Yukie: Mn... *slurp*... Mn, Yamato-san... Ah, ah, ahhh!
*I rubbed my finger against her tits, and watched them perk before my eyes.*
Yukie: Mn... Ah... My chest feels so hot...
*Then I rolled my fingers over those pink protrusions.*
Yamato: And don't worry, I won't forget about your ass. See?
Yukie: Mn, mm... Mnf... *kiss, lick, lick, lick*
Yamato: Yukie... Mn, mm...
*I let my fingers on her beautiful butt grow more tenacious.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss* Yamato-san... Yamato-san.
*Then I pressed my tongue tight against hers and let the saliva flow down.*
Yukie: ...*Smack, slurp*... Mmm... *slurp*... Mnn!
Yukie: *kiss, kiss*... *gulp, gulp, gulp*
*Her eyes were moist with emotion as she swallowed everything I sent.*
Yukie: Haah, Yamato-san... Mn... *kiss, kiss*... Mn!
*I sought her, all restraint gone from me.*
Yukie: Mnf... Mn, mm... This feels... So good.
*Her hips started to jolt against my thighs.*
Yukie: *smack, lick, peck, kiss, slurp*...
*Inside her mouth, my tongue licked every part of her gums.*
Yukie: ...Mn... *smack, slurp* mnn, mmm!
Yamato: Yukie... I like you... I love you.
Yukie: Aweh... Yamato-san... I love you too.
*My fingers invaded into the far side of her underwear.*
Yukie: Hauu?!
Matsukaze: Yamato, until you're gettin' married, that there's the danger zone!
Yamato: The words came straight to your lips? No surprise you value your chastity... But Matsukaze?
Yamato: If we keep going, marriage is what's in store for us.
Matsukaze: Yamato... If I'm bein' perfectly honest...
Matsukaze: I don't hate the sound of that...
Yamato: I'm happy you feel that way.
*A warm wetness had already taken hold.*
Yukie: Mm... Ah!
*I figured that sudden stimulation to her pussy would be painful, so I extended a finger towards her clitoris.*
Yukie: Ah! That's...! Kh, heh, mn!
*Yukie looked like she was in heaven.*
Yamato: Does it feel good?
Yukie: Y-Yes... Amazingly good... Ah, ahh!
*I could feel her clitoris grow under my finger's pressure.*
Yamato: You're so cute. I want you to feel even better.
*I moved my hand, as if to rub it.*
Yukie: Mnaaahhh, Yamato-san...
*She gripped my arm tight.*
Yamato: The sound, it's... Amazing.
*Rubbing was all it had taken for moist sounds to echo from her slit.*
Yukie: Haahhh... If you move that much... Ah.
Yukie: Ah, it feels good... Fwah... Ahhh!
Yukie: Yamato-san -- Ah, ahhhhhhhhh!
*A shudder ran through her body.*
Yamato: Yukie...
*It was the first time I'd ever seen a woman cum.*
*I held her close, wanted to bring her even more pleasure.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huff... Wah?!
*I'd read once that a person's more sensitive after they cum.*
Yukie: Ah, you're still... No, Yamato-san, I can't take this!
*So I continued to fondle her clit.*
Yukie: Ahh... No, not right now! Ah, ahhhh!
Yukie: Fwaaaah?! Again?! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Yukie... You're so cute.
Yukie: Fwah... Ahhhhh.
*Yukie slumped to the floor, exhausted.*
*I quickly laid out the futon and rested Yukie on top of it.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*She was still immersed in the afterglow of her climax.*
*Meanwhile, I ripped off my own clothes.*
*I was surprised how calm I was, given that it was my first time. Maybe it was because of the younger girl's level of composure.*
*...Actually, I had to take the lead.*
Yukie: Ah... Ooh.
*Yukie stared at my naked crotch.*
*At my fully erect penis, at the precum dripping from its end.*
Matsukaze: D-Damn... The Sword of Justice...
Yamato: Show me yours, too... I'll take this off for you.
*I slid her underwear down her thighs.*
Yukie: Hauuu...
Yamato: Wow... It's so pretty, Yukie.
*It was unspeakably bewitching.*
*A sight so overwhelming I could heardly believe she was a freshman.*
*Especially given how plump her backside was.*
Yamato: Yukie, you're... You're so incredibly wet down here.
*It demanded my mouth approach.*
Yukie: Haah, ooh... I can't believe you're licking it -- ah!
*The inside of her slit was already soaking wet.*
Yukie: Ah... Ahh... Yamato-san, your tongue, it's...
*It was lapping up the love juices flowing from within her.*
Yukie: Fwah... Yah, ahh... Mn.
*I stretched her pure, virgin slit open wide and licked away.*
Yukie: Ah! ...Ooh, I feel so embarrassed...
*I checked her vagina -- it was twitching away.*
Yamato: It's pretty even on the inside, Yukie...
*I licked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, too.*
*Pinched it with my fingers, slowly rubbed along it.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're being too dirty. If you keep going, I'll...
Yamato: Really, I think it's adorable how sensitive you are.
Yamato: I know this is your first time, but... How often do you masturbate a week?
Yukie: I-I can't answer that, it'd be so...
Matsukaze: Yo! You can't go 'round askin' virgins girls that kinda thing, you bedroom yakuza!
*I pried apart her buttcheeks.*
Yamato: If you don't tell me, I'm going to start messing with your butthole.
*I stroked my tongue across her ass.*
Yukie: Hauuu. S-Seven times a week... A-Ahhh!
Yamato: Every day, then?
Yamato: And you say I'm nasty. Hamph.
*I planted a hickey on her sweat-soaked butt.*
Yukie: Oooooh.
Yamato: As your reward for gathering the courage to tell me, I'll lick your butthole.
Yukie: That doesn't make any--Ah! Fwaahhh!
Yamato: It's so cute, and beautifully pink.
*I brought my tongue, which was moist with saliva, closer to her ass.*
*I stuck out the tip, then pressed it against her anus.*
Yukie: Hawahn!
*I could see her tremble as I kept licking.*
Yukie: No, can't keep going th--Ah, ahhh!
*I glued my face against her butt and kept licking that asshole.*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, Truly, I can't--Hauu... I feel like I'm going even crazier--Ah, ahh!
*I pulled back my lips to see her asshole, glowing with saliva, twitch in response to my ministrations.*
*When I pressed my finger against it, the flesh around her entrance clung to it so sweetly.*
Yukie: Ahh... Ahhh... Haahn...
Yamato: Yukie, you're really getting turned on by this anal.
Yukie: Aaau... That's not true at all.
Yamato: But you're so incredibly wet down here that I...
Yukie: Mmn!
Yamato: I'm putting it in, Yukie.
Yukie: O-Okay... Go ahead...
Yamato: You don't have to be so nervous. *kiss*
Yukie: Ahmph... *kiss*...
*I caressed her head.*
Yamato: I masturbate a lot too... Just like you.
Yukie: I see... *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. But now, we have each other...
Yamato: Let's enjoy this. I love you, Yukie.
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: One second. I'll put on the condom.
Yukie: Umm... Err.
Yukie: Today should be fine, Yamato-san.
Yamato: ...Ah... Then I'll do you raw.
Yukie: Yes!
*I positioned her so I had a clear view of her ass.*
*Then placed my penis against her soaked slit.*
Yamato: Mn... (For the love of god, don't screw up.)
*I began to penetrate her.*
Yukie: Hau... Mnkh... Ah... Ah.
*As the foreign object entered her, Yukie's voice began to waver.*
*I moved smoothly through her, probably because she was so wet.*
Yukie: Kh... Ahh... Ah, ahh!
*I was plowing through her maidenhood. It must have hurt.*
Yamato: Yukie, I'm... I'm taking your virginity.
*From there, I tore through her hymen.*
Yukie: Kh! Haaaahhh...! Ahh...
*Once I had the tip buried in her, the rest was smooth.*
*I slid all the way inside her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff... I-It's in me... isn't it?
Yamato: Kuh... It's all in... It feels amazing.
*Her walls gently wound around me. It made me feel like I was going to melt.*
Yukie: Hau... Yamato-san, yours is so hot... and big.
*Within her, my cock throbbed with the urge to move.*
Yamato: Mnkh... I'm moving, Yukie!
Yukie: Yes, Yamato-san...
*I began to shove forwards and back.*
Yukie: Hah, ooh... Mnkh... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Kh, this feels amazing... Yukie, how about you?
Yukie: Y-Yes, fwah... I-It feels good.
Yamato: It doesn't hurt?
Yukie: It does, a little... But it feels good, too--mn--and tingly...
*My penis knocked against the entrance to her womb.*
Yukie: Mnah, ah... Hah, ahh... Your hard cock is so deep!
*I poked deep inside her, stimulating her.*
Yukie: ...Auuu, ah, kwah, fwah!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie.
Yukie: Hau... Ahh... Yamato-san, Yamato-san.
*Yukie clutched down on the futon.*
Yukie: Mm, kweh... Hau... Wah! Ahh!
*Her moans grew more and more wild.*
Yukie: Ahh... You're so manly... Fwah!
Yamato: Yukie--Mmph!--you look like you're on Cloud Nine.
Yukie: Hwah... Ah, kwah... Yes, this feels wonderful.
Yukie: So... Please move... Fwaaaah!
Yamato: Yeah... I'm not stopping anytime soon.
*I scooped her up in my arms and thrust my hips.*
Yukie: ...Hwahhhh... Aww, mnkh... Your thing is moving so much inside me... Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute when you're turned on. Mnph.
Yukie: Hah, khn... Waahh... Please don't look at me.
Yamato: Sorry, but I can't look away.
*I smacked my hips against hers, pressed my glans against her womb.*
Yukie: Ah, ahh... This is just too embarrassing!
Yamato: I'm so deep inside of you that you can't get away.
Yamato: You look so cute right now that I want to preserve your expression in amber forever.
*I proceeded to rotate my hips, grinding myself against her.*
Yukie: Ah, aweh... Kweh... Ahhhh...
Yamato: Ah, I'm starting... To feel amazing too.
*I grabbed her hips and slammed them into mine.*
Yukie: Ah, fwah... I can't believe you're... Ahhhh!
Yamato: Mnph, Yukie... Yukie!
*I thrust deep and powerfully into her.*
Yukie: Ah, ugh... Waaahhhh... Yamato-san!
*I pounded straight into her.*
Yukie: I-I can't... I'm going to go crazy!
*Her sweaty, supple limbs danced about, but my penis held firm inside her.*
Yamato: Go ahead. Lose yourself to the pleasure, Yukie.
Yukie: Haahn! M-My head... My mind's going blank--Ahhh!
*Her body stiffened, and then her walls contracted around me.*
Yukie: H-Help me... Yamato-san! Kweh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie...
Yukie: Ah, ahhh, ah! Ah! Ahhhhh!
*I thrust in even deeper.*
Yukie: Hauu! ...Fwaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!
*The powerful vice-grip of her membranes pushed my penis past its limit.*
Yamato: Mngh, I'm cumming too...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurrrrt!*
Yukie: Kweh?!
*The semen gushed from my dick.*
Yukie: ...Kwah... Ah, your sperm...
*I ejaculated at the deepest point of her cavity, letting the semen pour into her womb.*
Yukie: It's pouring... into me... My stomach feels so hot...
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff...
*My penis twitched...*
Yukie: Hauu!
*Causing her body to shudder in a chain reaction.*
Yukie: Hau... O-Ooh... Ooh... Huh?
Matsukaze: Yamato... Could it be? Is your brave sword still...?
Yamato: Yeah... It's still in thrusting stance.
Yamato: Yukie, I'm going to fuck you again... Keep up with me.
Yukie: Hau... A-All right.
Yukie: I'm told that the perfect ideal woman is one who can --Ah! ...satisfy her husband, so... Ahh... I'll do my best!
Yamato: Good girl... I love you, Yukie. *kiss*
Yukie: *kiss*... Yes, Yamato-san.
Yamato: I'm moving...
Yukie: Fwaaaah... So rough, ah, ahh... So fast... Ah, hwahhh...
Yamato: It doesn't look like it hurts anymore... Thank goodness.
Yukie: Fwah, ah... Yamato-san... I love you.
*Her membranes worked my sensitized glans.*
Yamato: Ukh, ahh, Yukie... I love you too...
Yamato: I'm going to cum again, so...
Yukie: Ah, kh, yes, please cum.
Yamato: I'm going to fill you up to the brim, got it?
Yukie: Please fill me with your sperm...
Yamato: Mnn... Someday, this too... shall be mine.
*I lodged my moistened finger into her anus.*
Yukie: Fwaaaaah... Kwah... B-But that's...
Yamato: Ah, amazing... I can feel you clamp down on me...
Yamato: Yukie, you really do have a sensitive ass.
*I penetrated her asshole further, my finger easily slipping in.*
Yukie: Hwah... Mn, kweh, you're mistaken.
Yamato: No way. You're the kind of girl who likes it in the butt.
*I began to move the finger in her ass more aggressively.*
Yukie: Hagh, ah... Awww... I can't... I can't...
Yamato: And I'll move in this hole too.
Yukie: Ah, mnkh... Ahh, my butt, it's so hot... Ahhh.
*I sped my hips faster and faster.*
Yamato: Mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mpnh!
Yukie: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
*Again her pussy clamped tight around me.*
Yamato: Kweh...! Yukie!
*I knocked against her womb time and again.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... I-It's happening again -- I...
Yamato: Mn, I'm cumming too... Yukie, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!
Yukie: Ahhh...! Yamato-san... Mnph... Fwaahhh!
*For the last spurt, I moved as hard as I could.*
Yukie: Ah! ...Ah, fwaaaaaahhhhhhh!
Yamato: Mnkh!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: A-Ahh... Even more of your semen is...
*My sperm flooded into her womb.*
Yamato: Mnn... It's still flowing.
Yukie: ...Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Finally, semen spilled from where our bodies were connected.*
Yamato: Yukie... You look truly adorable when you cum.
Yukie: Ooh... Aww... Fwah... Ah.
*My erection remained hard, so I rubbed it against her walls.*
Yamato: Feel that? I'm painting the walls of your pussy with my semen.
Yukie: Ah... Ahh, ahaa... Ahh.
Yamato: Ah... It feels amazing, Yukie...
Yukie: You're moving... Again... Aweh!
Yamato: ...Just one more time. How's that sound?
Yukie: BWEH?
Yamato: Hm, I'll cum soon... Let's go.
*I started off fast.*
Yukie: Ahhhh! Mn, ahh!
Yukie: Oh, it just feels so good now--Ahah!
Yukie: Ah, I... Ah, hwaahh, haaahn!
*I wrenched my finger out of her ass.*
Yukie: Haaaaau?!
*Then drove my penis as deep as it could go.*
Yukie: Ah, agaaaaiiiiinnnn?!
Yamato: Kweh... Oooof!
*I yanked my penis out before any semen came out.*
*The instant I was freed, sperm came spilling out.*
*It splattered onto Yukie's body.*
Yukie: A-Ahh... I'm covered with your spunk...
*It showered on her breasts, on her ass, on her face.*
Yukie: It's so hot...
*Yukie let the stuff rain on her, her mind in a daze.*
*But one of those globs of semen...*
Matsukaze: Hey now! Y-You're gettin' it on me too!!!
Yamato: ...Zip those lips.
Yukie: Amph... Nmmm!
*I shoved my rod against Yukie's mouth.*
Yamato: Now that I came, it's your job to clean me off.
Yukie: Hahf... *smack*... *slurp*
*Yukie sucked my dick as she lay there, listless and covered in cum.*
Yamato: ...We should get in the bath now.
*I had to slow it down a bit, or I else I'd wear her out.*
*But I wouldn't push her that far.*
*I gently stroked the hair of the woman sucking my dick.*
*......*
Yukie: Yamato-san... (She purred.)
Yamato: There, there. (I patted her head.)
Yukie: ...Heheh... I'm so happy. Happier than I've ever been.
*We'd tidied up in the bath.*
*But we couldn't fall asleep right away.*
Yamato: There's so many more ways I have to make you happy.
Yukie: C-Could there really be a greater happiness than this?!
Yukie: Making love to you has made me feel more satisfied than I ever knew I could.
Yamato: You've got a point. You're my woman now.
Yukie: Yes! Please bathe me in your affection!
Yamato: You're so cute. Geez.
*I planted a kiss on her forehead.*
Yukie: I'll do my best too!
Yamato: Alright...
Yukie: ...Then tonight, I will sleep in perfect serenity...
Yukie: In the arms of the man I love...
Yukie: ......
Yamato: ......
Yukie: Hwaah?!
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san?!
Yamato: Sorry, but with a beautiful woman lying naked next to me...
Yamato: I couldn't keep my hands to myself.
Yukie: Aww... M-My breasts...
*My empty hand began sexually harassing Yukie.*
Yukie: Ah... I can't believe you're pulling at it.
*Then I let my hand slide down her.*
Yamato: Does any of this hurt? Are you okay?
*I gently petted the slit I'd penetrated earlier.*
Yukie: Heh... Ah, I-I'm all right.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... Um, your hand is...
Yamato: I'll be honest here, Yukie.
*I took one of her hands and laid it on my penis.*
Yukie: Awah? It's so hot and big...
Yamato: That just wasn't enough to satisfy me after all.
Yamato: Can we do it maybe three more times?
Yukie: Th-Three more?
Yamato: Yeah... I can't help myself.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're...
Yamato: Kind of a lecher, yeah... However.
Yukie: Ah!
Yamato: With how wet you are, I think you're the perfect match for me.
*I gently kissed her lips. They felt soft and wet.*
Yukie: Awwww...
*Embarrassed, Yukie turned herself away.*
Yamato: Mnph... I'm putting it in.
*I pulled her hips close to me from behind.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... Ah, ahaaaaa!
*I lifted up one of her legs and pushed myself inside her.*
*I couldn't believe how smooth it went.*
Yukie: Mnah, ahh, your hot thing's inside me again...
*As her membranes gave me a warm welcome, I proceeded to move my hips.*
Yamato: Yukie... I love you.
Yukie: Hahmph, mnah... Ahhh, Yamato-san!
Yamato: See, I'm deep... Mnn, inside you again.
Yukie: This position is embarrassing... Aweh... Ah.
*My tip brushed against her cervix.*
Yukie: Ahh, i-it's so deep... Hwahn, mnn!
*In no time at all, her insides filled with love juices.*
Yamato: It feels great... This is amazing, Yukie.
Yukie: Ugh...
*The sweet words whispered into her ears brought a tighter squeeze from her membranes.*
*I moved my penis left and right, squicky sounds resounding from within her.*
Yukie: Haahh... No matter how many times I hear it, that sound still sounds nasty.
Yamato: Isn't it--mnph--proof of our pleasure?
Yukie: Yah... Ah, hah, mnn, fwah...
*I explored every inch of her walls, trying to find where she was the most sensitive.*
Yukie: Ah, you're getting even bigger inside me? Ahh!
Yamato: It feels so good that it's expanded to its limit...
*But no matter where I touched her, her reactions were the same.*
Yamato: Then... I'll try somewhere else.
*I scooped her swaying boobs in my hands.*
Yukie: Hau...
Yamato: Oh... Your nipples are getting a little softer. See?
Yukie: Ahhh! Kh, fwah, please don't pinch them like that.
Yamato: Your boobs are so big and seductive...
Yukie: Hau... Mnn. That's... not... Ah!
Yamato: There's no need to be modest. I'll hug them and squeeze them and call them Georgettes.
*I groped her amazingly firm breasts.*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, hah, my chest, it feels so hot... Ah.
*Her soaked pussy enveloped my member.*
Yamato: Mnn, this feels great... for me too...
*Her walls were so soft, yet their grip was so tight.*
Yukie: Mnn... Mm, ah, Yamato-san... Fwaahhh...
Yukie: Ah, fwaaah... Please... Don't move... Your hands... So much--Ah, please!
Yamato: Would you prefer if I moved my hips more?
Yukie: Ah, ahh...! Yamato-san, you're such a bully.
*My glans crashed against her womb.*
Yamato: Not just your boobs, but here, too?
Yukie: Mn, kwah! Ah, ahh?! That's... Fwah!
*I stimulated her clit with my love-juice-soaked fingers.*
Yukie: Ahh, no, if you keep going like that--Yamato-san... I can't... Fwaahhh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie.
Yukie: Fwah, Yamato-san...! Ah, ahhh!
*Every time I touched her clitoris, her feminine body jerked in response.*
Yukie: Aww... I-I feel like I'm going crazy all over again.
*All the while, I kept stimulating her tits.*
Yukie: I-I don't even have the strength to sit up anymore--Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: We're so hard up here and down below, Yukie.
Yukie: Fwah... I-If you keep going, I'll...
*Yukie arched her back and trembled in ecstasy.*
Yukie: I-I'm... Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: About to cum?
Yukie: Mnf... Kwah... Y-Yes...
*Her walls were clutching at my cock, leading me to my own ejaculation.*
Yamato: Yukie... I can feel it coming too... You're so cute, I just...
*I snatched an eagle grip of her swaying breast, doubled down on my ministrations to her clit.*
Yukie: Kweh... Mnkh, ahh, Y-Yamato-san, ah, ahh, I-I can't, ah, ahhhh!
*Yukie's walls squeezed on me like a vice.*
Yukie: Ahhh, help me, Yamato-san! Mnahh! Ah, fwah! Hwahhh!
Yamato: Yukie, when you cum, tell me... Mnph!
*I slammed into her, pushing her over the edge.*
Yukie: Kwah... Ahh, I'm cumming... I'm going to cum...
Yamato: Yukie!
*I pinched her clit and drove in even deeper.*
Yukie: Ah, ahhhh! Yamato-san, I'm cumming! Ah!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: Fwaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
*I sent gushes of sperm towards her womb.*
Yukie: Mn, hah, kh... Fwoooh...
*A shower of semen upon that entrance.*
Yukie: Haaaahhh, Yamato-san...
*She let it all flow in as she quivered in joy.*
Yamato: I'm still cumming.
*Spurrrrt!*
Yukie: Ts... Waahhh...
Yamato: Mm... Mm... Yukie.
*I worked her sweaty tits while I came away.*
Yukie: Heh... Huff, huff... Huff... Ahhh.
*This time, I could feel her pussy twitching.*
Yamato: Whoa... Just being inside of you feels amazing.
*My penis still hadn't lost its rigidity.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... I... can keep... going...
Yamato: Mm.
*I raised my head and kissed my kind girlfrined.*
Yukie: Aww... Yamato-san, please, do whatever you'd like.
Yukie: ...My mind's gone blank... I've never felt like this before.
Yamato: Blank how?
Yukie: ...As if... Anything you did... would bring me pleasure.
Yamato: You're so cute... Then I'll start up again.
Yukie: ...Yes Ah!
*I once more moved my hips, this time slowly at first.*
Yukie: A-Aweh... Your cock is so robust.
*We pressed our sensitized genitals together.*
Yamato: Huff... Yukie...
Yukie: Yamato-san... Ahh, this is amazing!
Yamato: Does it feel better... The faster I go?
Yukie: Hwah! Mn, kweh... Ah, auu, i-it feels amazing...
Yamato: Yukie, I can't quite hear you.
Yukie: Ahhh! It feels amazing. It feels wonderful!
Yamato: And you love me?
Yukie: Yes, Yamato-san... Ahhhn! I love you! Mnph! Kwah!
Yamato: I love you too, Yukie.
Yukie: Kweh... Ahn, mn, ooh... I couldn't be happier.
Yamato: So you masturbate every day?
Yukie: Haauuu?! Don't embarrass me!
Yamato: But you do, right?
Yukie: Aweh, p-please don't pinch my chest. Auu... Aww...
Yukie: Huff, Huff, I-I do.
Yamato: While thinking about me?
Yukie: Hauuu... I couldn't possi--Ah, auun!
Yamato: You don't...?
Yukie: Ooh... Ooh, manhhh! I do! Huff, huff... Mnph! So many times...
*I wriggled my hips, focused on driving into her.*
Yukie: Ahh... Yes... It feels wonderful... Ah.
Yamato: Such a cute girl as you... Mnph... Deserves a reward for your honest answer.
Yukie: Mnah... Ah... Ah, ahhh.
Yamato: Sticking out your tongue? That's so cute.
*I took her moist tongue in my fingers, played with it.*
Yukie: Haweh... Ah... Hwaheh... Hah... Hweh.
Yamato: Mnn, so what do you think about while you masturbate?
Yukie: Fwah, ahh, ahhhhh...
Yamato: Mnph, mnph... Say, me making sweet love to you?
Yukie: Y-You're mistaken... Ah, ahhh.
Yamato: I am...? Mnph, then what do you think about?
Yukie: Oooh...
Yamato: Yukie! (I pounded, and pounded, and pounded, and pounded!)
Yukie: Huff, ah, ah, ah, I'll tell you. I-I imagined it just like... this... Ahh...
Yamato: So you were a bit masochistic?
Yukie: ...Oooh, that's exactly right.
Yamato: Well said. You're the greatest, Yukie.
Yukie: I feel so embarrassed... *sniff*
Yamato: I masturbated to you, too... And I imagined it like this!
*I moved my hips and rubbing against her wet walls.*
Yukie: Ahhh, fwaah, mn, kweh...
*I ground my hips aginst her, drove her past the edge.*
Yukie: Ah, fwaaah...! Kwah... Mn! Yamato-san, if you keep going, I'll... I'll...
Yamato: Yukie... I'm cumming too!
Yukie: Ah... Ahh, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Yukie... Do you want me to cum inside you?
Yukie: Yes! Fwah, ah, please cum inside me!
Yamato: Got it... Mmph!
*I drove deep into her pussy, aiming to bring her to her end in one fell swoop.*
Yukie: I'm... cumming...
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: Ahhhhhhh...
*I clutched onto her legs and came away.*
*Spew, splat, spurt...*
Yukie: Ahh... Your sperm... It's so hot... And there's so much...
*It dribbled from where our bodies met.*
Yamato: Huff... I'm still cumming, Yukie...
*The spunk dirtied the futon, but I couldn't care less.*
Yukie: Ahhhhh... First my mind, and now my body... You've filled them both with your essence.
*Sp-Spurt! Spew, spew...*
Yukie: Hwaaahh... You're still cumming... This is too incredible.
*Her body continued to convulse.*
Yamato: One... last time, eh? After all, see how hard I still am?
Yukie: ...Huh?
*I proceeded to shove it into her.*
Yukie: Mnweh, ahh, Y-Yamato-san?!
*Then pistoned away.*
Yukie: Ahah, no, I'm cumming, I'm cumming already!
Yukie: I can't, not now, ahh, I'm cumming a-again!
Yukie: Fwaaahh, mnahhhh!
*Yukie reached her second climax in so short a time.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
*But even then I kept moving my hips.*
Yukie: Mnah, ah, ahh, stop...
Yukie: I can't, I can't... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Your lips say one thing, but your hips say another. They're swinging away.
Yukie: Ahh! P-Please don't say that. Ah, ahh.
Yukie: M-My, it won't... Ahhh, fwahh!
*We rubbed our sweaty bodies together.*
Yamato: I'm not cumming yet, Yukie...
*I briefly paused my hips.*
*It took a lot of stamina to thrust all night long.*
Yukie: Awww... Huff, mn... Mm... Mm.
Yamato: Kwah?
*But then Yukie started swinging her own hips.*
Yukie: Ahhh... Yamato-san, more... Mmn.
Yukie: Please keep making love to me... Ahh.
*She wriggled her hips, knocked them against mine.*
Yamato: Kweh... It's hard to believe you were a virgin earlier today.
Yamato: ...You're so dirty.
Yukie: O-Only because of you, Yamato-san...
Yukie: So--Mmph!--please move...
Yukie: Please fuck me, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Then I have a request, Yukie.
Yukie: Okay, whatever you want.
Yamato: I want to fill you up completely.
Yamato: Would you finish by drinking my cum?
Yukie: Y-Yes... Please fill my stomach with your cum too.
Yamato: Mnn, then I'll thrust!
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, Yamato-san!
*I kept myself tight against her.*
Yukie: Fweh... Ah, fwah... Mn, ahh.
*She threw back her head, tracing an arch with her alabaster skin.*
Yukie: Ahhh, this... It's amazing, Yamato-san.
*A sweet scent wafted from her pristine locks.*
Yamato: Mmm... Yukie...
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust. I cupped them in my hands.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato-san...
*Then I groped them to exhaustion.*
Yukie: Hwai... Ah, you're such a beast...
*My glans continued to grind against her womb's door.*
Yukie: Fwah... Ah, this is wonderful, Yamato-san...
*Yukie too thrust her hips, giving herself over to lust.*
Yukie: Give it to me... Yamato-san, give me your sperm.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, Yukie!
*Mustering all the strength left in me, I pounded deep into her depths.*
Yukie: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
*I embraced her as hard as I could.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Yukie: Ahhh... Huff, huff... Ahh, awah... Mnn...
*The cum continued to pour into her.*
Yukie: Ah, ah... Mm, fwah... It's so hot... Kweh?
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... You're still moving? Fwah, ahh.
Yamato: It feels so good, I can't stop... Yukie, Yukie!
*As I rubbed inside her, my penis pulsed again and again, cum spewing out each time.*
Yukie: Hwah! Yamato-san... Any more, and I'll... Ah, ahh!
Yukie: Hwaaaah, I'm cumming again...
Yamato: Me too. I'm cumming too...
*Massaging her drooping melons, I ejaculated once more.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Yukie: Even more... cum--Kh, ooh, mnnooh...
Yamato: I can't believe, mnph, how tight you are...
*How tight she was around the penis deep inside of her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... You're so rough...
*A heavy stream of cum came from down there.*
*Thick man-juice, pouring into her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Yamato-san...
*After Yukie'd caught her breath, I withdrew my penis.*
*Her previously pure slit now dribbled with my semen.*
Yamato: This sweaty ass of yours...
*I pulled open her buttcheeks, then set my penis against the crack.*
Yukie: Ooh, m-my ass feels so hot.
*Then I rubbed my penis against that beautiful buttcrack.*
Yukie: Hau, Y-Yamato-san, where are you...?
Yamato: I'm going to let your big-ass butt make me feel amazing.
Yamato: I've wanted to do this ever since I first saw it.
Yukie: I-Is that so...? Aweh, it's so hot...
Yamato: Your figure's amazing from head to toe, mnkh, but your ass takes the cake.
Yukie: Ahh, you've gotten hard again...
Yamato: Yeah... That just goes to show how hot you are.
Yukie: Ahh... Ahhh.
Yamato: One last time... I'm cumming again, Yukie.
*Working my rod with my hand, I thrust my dick into Yukie's mouth.*
Yamato: Ah...
*Then I unleashed my seed inside that wet embrace.*
Yukie: ...Mnn... Kh... *gulp, gulp*
*As promised, Yukie swallowed all of my semen.*
*Her expression, melting with ecstasy.*
*I gently stroked her hair.*
Yukie: Aweh...
*And adored the sweetest moans I'd ever heard.*
*......*
*After a wonderfully sweet morning together, we headed off to school.*
Yukie: I hope today is another fun day.
Iyo: Heheh. Mayucchi, you're so cute.
Iyo: Really, I wish I had a boyfriend too.
*--Class 1-C Homeroom.*
History Teacher: And so we see that, as an element of our regional development, Nanahama Stadium has provided us with tickets.
Iyo: --!
History Teacher: Well, Maro is afraid they are outfield seats, yes.
Yukie: (Iyo-san!)
Iyo: (*Nod nod nod nod nod*!)
History Teacher: There must be someone who wants to go, no?
Iyo: Umm... I think my little brother would like to go, so...
Yukie: Uh... And my friend would like to...
History Teacher: Mm. They are yours to take.
History Teacher: ...Yet many still remain, yes.
History Teacher: Someone must desire them, no?
History Teacher: Maro would not see them go to waste.
Class C Girl 1: Like, baseball's boring anyways.
Class C Girl 2: Isn't that such a boy thing?
Class C Student 2: ...I guess, but... You know?
Class C Student 3: Yeah. Going to a Nanahama game seems... You know.
Class C Girl 3: Huh? Are they that bad?
History Teacher: Maro would not know. Kemari is more to Maro's taste, yes.
Iyo: (Mmmph)
Class C Student 2: Well, they're just weak. They'll easily come in last place this year too!
Class C Student 3: They've blown more games than I can count! They might even break the record.
Class C Student 2: There aren't even any star players. There's maybe Sotokawa, but that's it.
Class C Girl 3: Huh? What about that Dhalslim guy? He's pretty hot.
Class C Student 2: He plays for Hokkaido. There's no one that handsome on the Stars.
Class C Girl 2: Huh? What's the point of watching a team if there's no one cute?
Class C Boy 1: I guess you guys have never heard of the genius manager?
Class C Student 3: Aren't you thinking of Mom-san? Nanahama doesn't have anyone like that.
Class C Boy 1: Oh, right. I don't even know who it is.
Class C Girl 1: Anyways, you see how we don't want them.
History Teacher: Hmm, all right. Then Maro shall dispose of them.
Iyo: Wait!
Yukie: (Iyo-chan?)
Iyo: Please don't be so mean towards Nanahama!
History Teacher: Oowada...?
Iyo: Sure... Sure they're going through a losing streak, but...
Iyo: But the infielders are young and improving!
Iyo: And if you want a hot guy, there's Misaki Banchou!
Class C Student 2: ......
Iyo: What I'm trying to say it, Nanahama's...
Yukie: I-Iyo-chan, please calm down!
Iyo: Wah?! Oh, I-I'm sorry...
Yukie: Iyo-chan...
Class C Girl 2: *whisper*
Class C Boy 1: *whisper*
Iyo: Ooh...
Class C Girl 3: *whisper*
Yukie: Ahh... Wh-What is this feeling in the air?
Matsukaze: I'm smellin' the stench of gunpowder.
Class C Girl 1: (Why look at her, still talking with that mascot of hers!)
*The room had turned uneasy.*
*--Classroom 1-C.*
Iyo: Good morning.
Class C Girl 2: ...H-Hi there.
Class C Girl 1: Oh, it's Bay-be.
Iyo: Huh?
Class C Girl 3: Hey, don't use it in front of her!
Class C Girl 1: Whoops, I couldn't help myself. Heh heh heh.
Yukie: Ahh...
Yukie: I feel like Iyo-chan's lost her place in the class.
Matsukaze: Sure did, after the way she made herself stand out.
Yukie: ...Hm?
Kosugi: I'm sure of it.
Class C Boy 1: Wow, so Bay-be's always been a baseball geek?
Class C Student 2: Huh? What's this about Bay-be?
Class C Boy 1: One of Musashi-san's friends knew her back in middle school.
Kosugi: So Oowada-san was the baseball team's manager.
Kosugi: But apparently, she got so passionate about baseball that she got in this huge fight with her teammates, and they fired her.
Class C Student 2: Haha, that's hilarious! And it has to be true.
Class C Student 3: Is that why she chose such a distant high school?
Kosugi: Huh? Really? Did I do something wrong here?
Kosugi: Then I'll have to make it up to her by telling everyone!
Class C Boy 1: Musashi-san, you're way too cruel...
Kosugi: (I'm pretty sure Oowada-san had a decent amount of popularity as a diamond in the rough.)
Kosugi: (So sorry, but you're going down. Nobody gets to beat me. Nobody.)
Kosugi: (Now that I know how tough a barrier than sophomores present, I have to crack down on the other freshmen.)
Class C Boy 1: Finally, she's been really close with Mayuzumi-san lately.
Class C Student 2: One talks to a cellphone strap, and the other's a baseball fanatic?
Class C Student 3: It's not like anyone else was going to be friends with them.
Kosugi: That strap, it's... Way too weird. I'm grossed out just looking at it.
Yukie: Auau...
Matsukaze: ...You're makin' my ears bleed... Ya better not expect me to gallop away from this!
*.........*
*Iyo left school with Yukie, wheeling her bicycle behind her.*
Iyo: Ugh...
Iyo: Everyone thinks I'm weird...
Yukie: P-Please cheer up, Iyo-chan.
Iyo: It's amazing how little it takes for bullying to start.
Yukie: Oh, this isn't that bad.
Iyo: I went through something a lot like this before...
Iyo: In middle school...
Iyo: I was the manager of the baseball team. The players didn't want to practice very much. I tried to push them to work harder, and there was a huge fight.
Iyo: So I lost my job.
Iyo: But the way they spun it, they made me sound awful...
Iyo: Ugh...
Iyo: I thought I'd finally gotten away from it all, too.
Iyo: But it's back to the nightmare...
Yukie: Everything will be fine!
Iyo: ...Do you really think so?
Matsukaze: 100%! They all just messin' with ya, girl.
Matsukaze: Them rumors ain't gonna last long!
Matsukaze: So cheer up!
Iyo: ...Mayucchi.
Iyo: ...I noticed before, but... Whenever you have something important to say, you tend to have Matsukaze say it.
Yukie: Huh?
Iyo: That seems kind of... Unfair.
Yukie: Iyo-chan...
Iyo: Oh... What am I saying?
Iyo: I'm sorry. I'm going home.
*She left on her bike.*
Yukie: ...Iyo-chan...
Yukie: ...Aww.
Matsukaze: Heck...
Matsukaze: Feels like that was 'bout time.
Yukie: Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: I've been thinkin', maybe it's gettin' to be time.
Matsukaze: ...You've gotta choose, girl. Once and for all.
Yukie: Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Might be time to say goodbye...
Yukie: ...But I...
Yukie: I need to think about this.
Matsukaze: Girl, ain't nothin' to think about.
Yukie: ...I suppose there isn't.
Yukie: But I still can't make the decision this suddenly.
Yukie: At least let me have until tomorrow.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi...
*We'd gathered round, even though it was a Thursday.*
Gakuto: What's goin' on? Why call us all here?
Shouichi: Mayucchi says she's got something she wants to say.
Yukie: I'm sorry, but I have to.
Yukie: There's something I have to have you hear.
*Yukie looked grim.*
Momoyo: Say it.
Yukie: The truth is, I have to say my farewells to Matsukaze.
Yukie: Tonight, he'll be returning to being just a normal cellphone strap.
Chris: Matsukaze... will stop speaking?
Yukie: Yes. From now on, I have to go on by myself...
Kazuko: Huh? Wha?
Yukie: The tsukumogami will no longer possess him.
Takuya: ...I see.
Yukie: Matsukaze, say your goodbyes. Stay strong. Don't be affraid.
Matsukaze: Yeah.
Matsukaze: So... I guess this's it.
Matsukaze: Took her long enough, but my girl Mayucchi ain't got no future if she don't go it alone.
Gakuto: It doesn't sound like you're joking.
Matsukaze: Nope. I already figured I ain't got much longer.
Chris: Hey, are you really fine with this...?
Matsukaze: Kuritichi, you've gotta a real good heart on ya.
Matsukaze: Heck, cellphone straps don't usually do the whole chattin' thing.
Matsukaze: But even so, you accepted me. Thanks, really.
Kazuko: But...
*Shouichi raised his hand, putting a stop to all of our comments.*
Shouichi: Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Yeah?
Shouichi: It's been real.
Matsukaze: Yeah, the best ever.
Shouichi: Together with Gakuto, you really had us laughing all these months.
Gakuto: Do you have to bring me up now?!
Shouichi: You're part of the Family, too.
Matsukaze: Heheh, thanks.
Momoyo: ...What'll you do, Mayu-Mayu?
Yukie: I'm going to finish my goodbyes.
Yukie: This is something I have to do alone, so...
Momoyo: Yeah... You're right.
Momoyo: So Capt, let's...
Shouichi: Yeah, we oughta head home.
Momoyo: See ya.
Matsukaze: Bye-bye!
*Matsukaze cheerfully saw them off.*
Chris: ...Wait. We simply headed home, but...
Chris: Is this truly ok with you?
Shouichi: 'Course it is. That's what she wants and all.
Shouichi: So we just gotta stand by her.
Kazuko: ...I don't really know what's goin' on here...
Kazuko: Is everything going to be okay?
Gakuto: Don't ask me...
Gakuto: But I looked her in the eyes, and there wasn't any doubt.
Miyako: ...I once saw a movie where a man fell in love with a doll.
Miyako: In the end, he wound up loving a human woman...
Miyako: And the only way he could move on from the doll was to give it a funeral.
Yamato: ... (A funeral? That's... kind of sad.)
Takuya: But that was what it took to move on.
Momoyo: Yeah, a person like her needs something to symbolize the change.
Momoyo: So she has to go this far.
Chris: The more I think about it, the more Matsukaze seems like a second personality of Mayucchi's.
Gakuto: And losin' that's... Yeah.
Takuya: When you put it that way, it really is sad.
Kazuko: A personality, huh? ...So that's why Capt treated it like a friend.
Shouichi: Darn straight.
Yamato: I'm... I'm going to say here. You go on ahead.
Momoyo: Yamato, you do understand this is Mayu-Mayu's battle?
Yamato: Yeah... I won't interfere.
Yamato: But I want to be by her side when it's all over.
Shouichi: Sounds good. We'll leave it to you.
Yamato: You bet!
Yamato: ...Yukie.
*I simply stood back and watched over her.*
*......*
Yukie: ......
Matsukaze: ......
Yukie: ...The first time you ever talked to me... It was just the two of us then too, wasn't it?
Matsukaze: Yeah...
Yukie: Ohhh! No, there's no way I can make friends.
Yukie: ...I'm so lonely.
Matsukaze: Cheer up. Girl, you can do it. I know you can!
Yukie: It talked?
Matsukaze: Yo, I'm Matsukaze. I'll be your friend.
Yukie: ...I remember that like it was yesterday.
Matsukaze: I could barely stand to watch you back then.
Matsukaze: But look at you now, girl!
Matsukaze: You've got the Kazama Family, and Yamato, and Iyo-chan too.
Matsukaze: You've got this! This ain't nothin' you can't do.
Yukie: ...Ok!
Yukie: I'll do my best!
Matsukaze: Yeah... Then looks like my train's leavin' the station...
Yukie: I see...
Matsukaze: Ain't no reason to sound so sad.
Matsukaze: 'Sides, what sorta girl starts talkin' to her cellphone strap?
Matsukaze: So it's back to normal.
Yukie: Yes...
Matsukaze: Hasta la vista, baby.
Yukie: --!
Yukie: No, I can't! This isn't right!
Yukie: ...The thought of you feeling makes me feel so...
Matsukaze: Hmm?
Yukie: ...You come to me when I'm at my worst, but as soon as I start to recover, it's goodbye? That's just not...
Yukie: ...No...
Yukie: ......
Yukie: Matsukaze, you're... Me.
Yukie: In a way, you're me myself.
Yukie: Another side of me born out of my loneliness.
Yukie: A shadow who said the things I wanted to, but couldn't.
Yukie: So you don't have to leave...
Yukie: Please come inside me.
Yukie: ...Become a part of me once again.
Yukie: And let's live on together!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, girl... You're too kind by half.
Yukie: Matsukaze... You're wonderfully sensitive yourself.
Matsukaze: Got it... Then this ain't goodbye.
Yukie: Yes, we'll be together forever.
Matsukaze: Yeah!
Yukie: ...Matsukaze... Thank you.
Yamato: Yukie...
*The whole thing was a bit bizarre, but I was glad for her.*
*There ending wasn't the sorrow of Matsukaze leaving...*
*But the joy of accepting him as part of herself.*
Yukie: ...All right!
*The strength to gaze into her soul would give her the power to face reality.*
Yukie: I will face reality!
*Yukie was fired up.*
*Yukie moved confidently down the freshmen's hallway.*
Yukie: (Is she here?)
Kosugi: Now that you mention it, I actually got my hands on another hilarious story about Oowada-san.
Yukie: (There she is!)
Yukie: (And she's already saying mean things about Iyo-chan.)
Yukie: (That says a lot about how much smack she must talk.)
Yukie: That is unacceptable!
Kosugi: So when they were on the field trip, she--
Yukie: Musashi-san!
Kosugi: Wah! You gave me a premium scare.
Kosugi: Mayuzumi-san... What's up?
Yukie: You were talking about Oowada-san, weren't you?
Kosugi: Yeah, you wouldn't believe the things in her past.
Yukie: Please stop. You're hurting her.
Kosugi: Huh? It's all true--
Yukie: I asked you politely to stop!
Class C Boy 1: Whoa, shit. Mayuzumi-san and Musashi-san are goin' at it.
Class C Girl 1: Huh? Really? I have to go see!
Class C Girl 2: I'm going to go grab a teacher, just in case.
Iyo: ...Huh?
Iyo: Mayucchi? But why?!
*People had filled the hall.*
Iyo: E-Excuse me.
Iyo: Mayucchi...
Yukie: Do I have your understanding, Musashi-san?
Kosugi: Wh-What gives? Why do you care so much?
Kosugi: She has nothing to do with you.
Yukie: She has everything to do with me.
Yukie: Because she's my friend.
Kosugi: I-It's not like I'm saying things about you...
Kosugi: I'm not calling you a creep who talks to her cellphone strap or anything.
Yukie: ...I've stopped talking to my cellphone strap.
Yukie: More importantly, I guess I don't care what you say about me.
Yukie: I'm much more angry about you insulting my friend!
Iyo: Mayucchi...
Yukie: That ends today!
Kosugi: ...Heh, heheh...
Kosugi: I mean, I'm only talking about the past.
Kosugi: You'd call facts insulting? Now that's worth getting angry about.
Yukie: Then what will you do?
Kosugi: Isn't it obvious?
*Kosugi slammed her badge on the desk.*
Kosugi: I challenge you to an unarmed duel! Unarmed, got it?!
Yukie: Very well.
*Yukie answered the challenge.*
Kosugi: (Yes! If she doesn't have her sword, I can win!)
Kosugi: When I win, you're going to apologize to me in front of the entire campus.
Yukie: If you insist.
Yukie: But if I win, please never speak that way about Oowada-san again.
Kosugi: ...Sure... *if* you win.
Tesshin: Yes, yes. I came running as soon as I heard, and I see things have turned spicy.
Kosugi: Principal...
Tesshin: Go ahead. I permit your duel. Fight here and now, in this very spot.
Yukie: Understood.
Kosugi: Plus you're unarmed in a premium way!
Yukie: As I said, I don't mind.
Kosugi: I won't hold back!
Yukie: I will respond in kind.
Tesshin: Then this will be a one-point battle with no time limit!: Begin!
Yukie: Hah!
Kosugi: ...Huh?!
*No sooner had the match began than Kosugi gaped in astonishment.*
*For Yukie had already driven her fist into her chest.*
*It wasn't that she was just stronger than her.*
*They were on completely different levels.*
Kosugi: ...Someone as premium as I lost? In front of the entire campus?!
*Kosugi spat up blood as she fell unconscious.*
Tesshin: The winner: Mayuzumi! I'll bring Kosugi to the nurse's office.
Tesshin: It should take her about a month to recover.
Yukie: ...Whew.
*Meanwhile, everyone in the area averted their eyes.*
Class C Student 3: (Damn! She ain't normal!)
Yukie: ...Ah.
*The coughed-up blood had splattered around her.*
*Everyone now trembled in fear of her.*
Yukie: ...Oh.
*She'd held nothing back.*
*Neither had her opponent. She'd done nothing wrong, and yet...*
*This was the same thing that had caused people to stay away before.*
Yukie: I guess it's back to square one.
*Her standing in the Kazama Family was one thing, but regular civilians would surely see her as...*
*But no. One thing was different this time.*
Iyo: --Mayucchi!
Yukie: Iyo-chan?!
Iyo: Thank you. Thank you for doing this for me.
*She hugged her.*
Yukie: Iyo-chan...
Yukie: Aren't you afraid of me?
Iyo: Why would I?
Yukie: I-I see.
Iyo: I'm so happy you called me your friend.
Iyo: Especially after what I said yesterday... Thank you.
Yukie: It's all right.
Iyo: Mayucchi!
Yukie: Iyo-chan!
*Glomp!*
Yamato: I heard there's a fight! Mr. Boyfriend's here!
*I gallantly took the stage.*
Iyo: Mayucchi...
Yukie: Iyo-chan...
Yamato: ...I'm late, aren't I?
Yamato: Well, I'll at least wipe up the blood and vomit.
*I cleaned it up like a true protagonist.*
*--The Tama Riverbank.*
Yamato: Thank goodness it went well!
Yukie: Yes!
Yamato: Working hard for a friend in need...
Yamato: There's nothing better.
Yukie: If you put it like that, you'll make me blush.
Yamato: You did this. Be proud of yourself.
Yukie: ...Okay!
Yamato: I didn't even do anything this time, after all.
Yukie: Weren't you by my side?
Yamato: Well sure, but I'd like to do more than that next time.
Yamato: It's hard to stand by and do nothing while the woman I love is the hero.
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Also...
Yamato: I get the feeling it's not just me. Look up.
Yukie: Huh...? Ah!
*Our friends were waving at us.*
*Worrying for Yukie, they'd come to find out what happened.*
Yukie: Everyone...
Yamato: They've been anxiously waiting here, since you said you wanted to tell them yourself.
Yukie: Ahah!
Yukie: I'll go report right away!
*Her smile was calm and kind.*
*Again today it soothed my heart.*
Yamato: All right. Go!
Yukie: Yes!
*Once again she was giving life her all.*
Yukie: Mayuzumi Yukie shall sally forth!
*To making a hundred friends--*
*This was the photo we'd taken during our high school trip to Okinawa.*
*Mayuzumi Yukie had framed it on her wall.*
*It wasn't her only treasure...*
*But this picture meant the world to her.*
*Kazama Shouichi became a famed adventurer.*
*Shimazu Gakuto put his stamina to good use as a salesman.*
*Takuya joined a game studio. After gathering experience, he ultimately went solo, moving away from development and into accounting.*
*Kawakami Momoyo succeeded the Kawakami Temple and continued to fight. A living Goddess of War, she was still yet to lose a match.*
*Kawakami Kazuko supported Momoyo at the temple. They'd been through a lot, but the sisters remained close.*
*Shiina Miyako still pined for Yamato, even now.*
*Chris joined the military. She was presently a lieutenant general, just like the father she admired.*
*Oowada Iyo was hard at work as the Nanahama Bay's head cheerleader.*
*Musashi Kosugi joined the police and was rocketing up the ranks.*
*Ogasawara Chika went onto college, then began working in an office.*
*Amakasu Mayo lived happily with her family.*
*Haguro Kuroko became the rising star of women's pro wrestling.*
*Fukumoto Ikurou had found his calling as a cameraman.*
*Kumagai Mitsuru had overcome health problems to live a full life.*
*Oogushi Suguru remained to this day a virgin.*
*Minamoto Tadakatsu quickly found a wife and started a happy family.*
*Kuki Hideo happily busied about tending to the Kuki Conglomerate.*
*Oshitari Azumi was always to be found by Hideo's side.*
*Fushikawa Kokoro wanted for nothing, and enjoyed life as the daughter of the House of Fushikawa.*
*Aoi Touma became the director of Aoimon Hospital.*
*Inoue Jun became the assistant director of Aoimon Hospital.*
*Sakakibara Koyuki was always together with Touma.*
*Margit traveled the world to carry out her missions.*
*Kojima Umeko was still teaching.*
*Usami Kyojin was also still teaching.*
*Kawakami Tesshin & Lu Yi were somehow still active martial artists.*
*Today we'd decided to take a new photo.*
*For today, the agave had bloomed.*
*Even now, a half-century after this photo had been taken...*
*We remained lifelong friends--*
====================act_f_クリスシナリオ.bin====================: Chris was out in the hallway, and she was angry.
Chris: Sprinting full-speed down the hallway is both dangerous and unlawful.
Class C Student: What gives? You're not a hall monitor.
Chris: I am simply pointing out your errors as a fellow student at this academy.
Chris: My role is irrelevant. *stare*
Class C Student: Ugh... F-Fine, all right already.
*The Class C boy frowned uneasily as he walked off.*
Yamato: So the warnings are for everyone, not just those in our class.
Chris: No matter the person, I will see justice served.
Chris: Even you, my friend, are not exempt from that.
Chris: Mmm... Your shirt is not particularly disheveled.
Yamato: I'm a good kid. I try to follow the rules.
Chris: Yes, as a good boy should. Incidentally, Yamato...
Chris: Do you believe I should become a hall monitor?
Yamato: Mmm, that would be a lot of extra work.
Yamato: All while you're pushing yourself to learn more about Japan.
Yamato: Are you sure you want to deal with that limitation?
Chris: Well... I do not particularly mind, but I often hear that complaint. I am not even a hall monitor.
Yamato: Well, haters gonna hate.
Yamato: Even if you were a hall monitor, they'd just start grumbling about how the other hall monitors aren't so strict.
Chris: I see. Then I suppose I will adhere to the status quo.
Yamato: Although, that's just my opinion. You should make your own decision.
Chris: No, I am good with remaining independent. Thank you, Yamato.
Yamato: Okay then.
*Whew, that had been close. If a paragon of justice like her joined the hall monitors, they'd crack down on all the fun.*
Chris: Hey, it is dangerous to apply makeup while climbing down the stairs. In fact, I believe that violates rule...
*She was already off doing it again!*
*Holy hell... I would be best for everyone if she gets a position of authority.*
Takuya: I can barely breathe after gym today... A marathon around the school?
Yamato: Mr. Lu does like to make people run.
Chris: Hey, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, Chris. How's Japanese girls' gym class treating you?
Chris: It is going well, but I do have a problem with you.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: Can you not feel how the back of your shirt is hanging out?
Yamato: Mn... (Tch. Must've been when I changed after gym...)
Chris: Heheh. I see you are letting yourself slack off.
Chris: Classes are not done for the day, so pull yourself together.
*She looked proud of herself. She must have been waiting for the chance to lecture me.*
Yamato: Oh, you know how I just got out of gym and am covered in sweat? This is just a signal to tell everyone that. To be polite.
Chris: What...? I see. I had no idea.
Chris: Nobody else is doing it.
Yamato: It's a pretty old custom. I can't blame them for not knowing.
Chris: Of course Japan's culture and history would be so wonderfully deep.
Yamato: So it's not like I'm doing anything wrong, I'm just keeping to tradition.
Chris: Forgive me. I had not the slightest idea.
Yamato: Just be more careful, okay?
Chris: Yes. Apologies.
Yamato: See that? I actually made her apologize to me.
Takuya: If this comes back to bite you, don't come crying to me.
*............*
Chris: Yamato! You tricked me!
Yamato: Calm down. What's the big deal?
Chris: There is no evidence anywhere of this custom of yours!
Chris: When I asked Mr. Usami, he even laughed at me!
Yamato: Oh, so that custom must not exist back where he's from.
Chris: Oh, are you saying this is a regional custom?
Yamato: Yeah... But all right. I'll just make sure to always have my shirt tucked in from now on.
Chris: ...Mm... Ah, nothing.
Chris: All right. Then I shall refrain from commenting on your shirt henceforth.
Chris: Mmm, I did not appreciate how tricky these things could be.
Yamato: ...That takes care of that.
Takuya: Takes care of what?
Yamato: Think of how annoyed people would be if Chris started running around yelling at everyone without their shirt tucked in.
Takuya: I really don't think she'd do that with anyone outside of the Family...
Yamato: I'm just making sure it doesn't happen. Like a true friend.
Takuya: That's one way to spin it...
Chris: I have obtained the latest Yamatomaru Dream Diaries DVD!
Chika: Wow, you bought that DVD like it was nothing.
Mayo: Chris-chan, you must really like those dramas.
Chris: I do, especially ones featuring good triumphing over evil.
Chris: Oh, how I wish I could join their fight for justice.
Gakuto: ...Chris is already a full part of our class.
Yamato: No matter how strict she can be, or how peculiar her tastes, at the end of the day...
Chika: Oh, I almost forgot. Anybody else want to go out for sweets today?
Chika: Kuma-chan told me about this amazing cake place.
Chris: That sounds wonderful! Let us go!
Yamato: She's such a girl.
Gakuto: ...Yeah. She can be cute, our Chris.
Yamato: Dude, don't tell me you...?
Gakuto: Makin' her my lover... Is not my goal right now.
Gakuto: But it looks like there's plenty of guys who have.
Yamato: I see...
Chris: Cake Yummy, yummy cake!
*She could be so cute, especially thanks to her good looks.*
Chris: ...What are you looking at, Naoe Yamato?
Yamato: Uh, nothing...
Shouichi: Ain't it nice to eat out here once in a while?
Momoyo: And this is part of my turf, so relax and just enjoy yourselves.
Chris: Is eating here not against the rules?
Yamato: Don't rain on our parade. We won't be able to enjoy the food.
Chris: You are mistaken! Doing something illegal will ruin the taste.
Chris: Although, nothing could ruin the taste of inari sushi.
Takuya: You're fighting again? Just relax. We're allowed to be here.
Chris: ...I would not call this a fight.
Yamato: Yeah, Chris just loves starting arguments with me.
Chris: Who starts what now?!
Yamato: See what I mean?
Chris: Kh... Argh! Yamato, curse you!
Yamato: Hey! Now you're resorting to violence?!
Chris: Oof!
Yamato: What sort of knight breaks out her fists when she cannot win a debate?
Yamato: And besides, if you actually threw a punch, what do you think Miyako would do?
Miyako: You want to use me?: ......Sounds wonderful!
Yamato: Words should be answered with words.
Chris: ...Nnngh!
Chris: ......Nnnnnngh!
Yamato: ......Nnnnnngh!
Chris: You stupid stupidhead!
Yamato: ...Huh?
*Everyone stood agape.*
Chris: Stupid stupid stupidhead!
Yamato: ...Yeah, that's fair. I'm sorry.
Chris: ...Wow!
Yamato: I feel really bad about what I did.
Chris: So you finally understand... Goodness, what to do with you!
Chris: Miyako, I have defeated Yamato in a battle of words!
Miyako: Good for you, Chris. (She gave her the same look I had.)
Chris: Fantastic. Now, let us eat!
Chris: Today, I shall have inari sushi. And tomorrow...
Chris: More inari sushi!
Momoyo: ...Kuri, you're just the cutest. (She also looked at her affectionately.)
*Somehow or another, Chris's actions had warmed everyone's hearts.*
Chris: This must be my package!
Chris: It has finally arrived
Yamato: You're in a good mood, Chris. What'd you get?
Chris: You would not believe it!
Chris: ...Mmm. Yamato.
Chris: No, I will not tell you. You would only make fun of me.
Yamato: I won't. I swear to inari sushi.
Chris: Then I shall tell you. It is this!
*Chris revealed a teddy bear.*
Yamato: Huh? Didn't I see that one in your room?
Chris: This one is completely different. But you cannot tell, can you?
Chris: How long I have waited for it!
Yamato: Well, good for you.
Chris: ...Oh, but first.
*I'd thought she'd left for her room, but...*
Chris: I must do my evening practice.
*She changed, then headed out into the courtyard.*
Yamato: What about your bear?
Chris: No. I had already decided to train.
Chris: A decision made must be kept to.
*Said Chris, and then she began to train.*
Yamato: (Mmm. She's as strict with herself as she is with us.)
*So I decided to...*
Mess with her
Watch over her
*I picked up the teddy bear she'd left behind.*
Yamato: I'm Beary the Bear, and I'm lonely because my favorite girl won't play with me!
Chris: ...Taahh!
Yamato: Huh? She didn't hear me?
*No, she must have been ignoring me.*
*She was a true warrior, at least while she was training.*
*............*
Chris: ...Whew, break time... Hey, Yamato.
Yamato: Oh, sorry for bothering you earlier.
Chris: And his name is not Beary Bear. He is Kagetora.
Yamato: Oh, you already named him?
Chris: Right, Kagetora?
Yamato: Yo, Kagetora here.
Chris: That's Matsukaze.
Yamato: You got me...
Chris: ...Seigh!
*She was practicing an offensive kata.*
*She moved with such beauty and grace.*
Chris: Taaaahhhh!
*Her body was limber and slim, yet her moves were crisp.*
*I could have watched her practice all night.*
Miyako: I'll practice in the courtyard too.
Yamato: Umm, I promise I wasn't out here to see her in bloomers! You don't have to try to compete!
Yamato: I want to introduce you to a friend.
Yamato: Here, this is Yoshito-kun. He's head-over-heels for Chris.
Class A Student: H-Hello. I'm Yoshito Masaki from Class 2-A.
Gakuto: Oh, I see. You're in love with Chris?
Class A Student: I mean, she's absolutely beautiful!
Shouichi: So what're you looking to get from us?
Class A Student: I heard you're her friends, so couldn't you introduce me to her?
Shouichi: Oh, you're not the first guy to ask us that. The last one was from Class E.
Takuya: Didn't you tell him no?
Shouichi: You bet I did! I told him that if he really wanted something, he oughta get in there and fight for it himself.
Gakuto: So we're sorry, but we don't do introductions.
Class A Student: ...I see.
Class A Student: But she's not going out with anybody, right?
Shouichi: Yeah, I feel pretty safe to say that, and it's none of our business if she goes and falls for you.
Class A Student: All right. Then if you'll excuse me!
Yamato: I told you it was a long shot.
Class A Student: I'm happy enough just knowing she's single. Thanks, Naoe.
Miyako: ...He's one of Chris's fanboys, isn't he?
Shouichi: Miyako, you were hiding your aura on us? I never even saw you.
Miyako: Does she have that many fans?
Takuya: Eh, there's a decent number.
Shouichi: Yeah, there really are a bunch.
Gakuto: ...But with her looks, you would expect a huge contingent.
Miyako: Well, I guess she is hot enough to have a fanclub.
Gakuto: Yeah, but there's still not nearly as many people comin' out of the woodwork as you would think. Just the random guy here and there.
Takuya: So why is it a dull flame rather than a roaring fire?
Yamato: Probably because she wears her heart on her sleeve, if I had to guess.
Yamato: For instance, just today, I was reading a manga about a swindler when...
Chris: The protagonist is a swindler...? Why must you always read such drivel?
Yamato: I mean, it's full of clever twists and excitement.
Chris: That chicanery is a fragile thing before the might of justice.
Yamato: Where in the world does that confidence come from?
Chris: From the way of the world! Good always prevails.
Yamato: That's not quite how the real world works. The winners write the history books.
Chris: ...Argh! Why must you quibble over everything?!
Yamato: Because you're always trying to jam your self-righteous beliefs down my throat! (I blew on my dog whistle.)
Kazuko: Yamato, you called?! Tell me, tell me -- are we going to play?!
Yamato: Chris says she wants to take you on in a beef bowl eating contest.
Kazuko: Sounds fun! Mix in some vegetables, and I'm in!
Chris: Why would it come to that? I have no interest in doing so in the first place.
Kazuko: Oh, so you're running away? I thought you were tougher than that.
Yamato: We'll have to call her Chicken Chris from now on.
Chris: I accept your challenge! I will never lose! Never!
Yamato: ...And that's the end of that story.
Yamato: Wouldn't you say that tendency to nag is why she's not popular?
Miyako: ...While this is strictly a generalization...
Miyako: Guys seem to prefer a girl who is more like...
Miyako: Wow! I, like, don't have a clue but that's amazing!
Miyako: Girls with cutesy shallow compliments are more popular, I've heard.
Gakuto: Hmm, that makes sense. Girls like that are cute.
Miyako: ...You're gonna get eaten alive out there.
Gakuto: ...Let them take me. I won't mind.
Gakuto: All I ask for is that the deceit lasts as long as possible.
Miyako: I know you thought that sounded cool in your head, but it didn't.
Gakuto: I thought people would quote that line for years. Centuries, even. Dammit... Dammit all!
Yamato: But Chris looks really girly, if you ask me.
Miyako: ...You've been looking a lot, haven't you? *glare*
Yamato: We've all been thinking the same thing. Gakuto, you know what I mean, right?
Gakuto: Well, yeah. There's so much about her that's cute... Though normally, maybe it's hard to tell.
Miyako: ...Yamato, I don't know why you look at her when you have me.
Miyako: For instance, at this very moment, I'm going commando. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: Again? Why this time?
Miyako: Because you're close. I burn for you all the more.
Gakuto: Miyako, you're so perverted that you scare even me.
Yamato: Really? This is normal for Miyako.
Miyako: ...Heheh...
*And so, Chris didn't have the popularity one would expect for a girl with her good looks.*
*However... Was that really all there was to it?*
Chris: Ooh... Too... much... beef... Ooh.
Chris: And I could not... even beat Dog... We drew! Such pain, for nothing...
*Far behind her...*
Class A Student: Chris-san... She's so exquisite. I want to make her all mine.
Margit: ...Whom are you following?
Class A Student: Huh? O-Oh, I was just--
Margit: Come with me for a moment.
Class A Student: Huh...? Uh... Umm... You see...
Margit: Do not worry. I only hunt the boys who can't learn their lesson.
Margit: But the bad ones I hunt with pleasure.
Class A Student: A-Aiiieeeee?!
Yamato: Hey, if it isn't Yoshito.
Class A Student: Oh! Naoe!
Yamato: I see you've got a book on making sweets. That's a good hobby.
Class A Student: Sweets are what I use to get close to girls, after all.
Yamato: So, did you wind up making a move on Chris?
Class A Student: Eeek?!
Class A Student: I-I-I-I-I-I've never heard of this Ch-Ch-Ch-Chris.
Yamato: Huh? C'mon, what're you talking about?
Class A Student: Goodbye!
Yamato: Did he give up? No, he's afraid.
Yamato: Why is he afraid... Was he threatened, but by whom? Actually, that's a stupid question.
*Her doting father instantly came to mind.*
Yamato: Of course her guards show up whenever anyone with romantic intentions comes near her.
Chris: Yamato, is it? What brings you here?
Yamato: Oh, nothing. I'm on my way out.
Chris: Heading to the base? Then I shall accompany you.
*...The two of us, alone on our trip to the base?*
Chris: The weather has steadily grown hotter.
Yamato: Yeah, it's almost time for summer. Don't let the Japanese heat wear you down.
Chris: I am not weak like that. I have steeled my body.
Yamato: Hm...? That car up ahead seems way too suspicious to me.
*A black, foreign car stood parked in front of us.*
Chris: ...Should anything happen, stand back.
Yamato: Wow. You're a real lifesaver, you know that?
Chris: You are fine with this?
Yamato: I'll leave everything to you.
Chris: ...Well, let me get a closer look. (She bore a proud grin.)
Chris: ...Ah!
Yamato: Wh-What?
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: Oh, Chris. You are more beautiful than the Alps!
Yamato: (Geh. Don't tell me he thinks I'm trying to woo her too?)
Yamato: How wonderful. You enjoy talking to your father -- I'll go on ah--
Margit: Well, you will accept there is no need to rush.
Yamato: (No escape, then?)
Chris's Father: You are, um...
Chris: Naoe Yamato.
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun, I hear you've become Chris's friend.
Chris's Father: I'm sure I've said this before, but please treat her well.
Yamato: Yes. I'm really enjoying being her friend.
Chris's Father: Hmm... I believe we understand each other.
Chris's Father: Chris, go play with Margit.
Chris: Yes, sir!
Chris: Mar-san
Margit: Frau Chris.
Yamato: They're so close.
Chris's Father: Yes. My, they are practically sisters.
Chris's Father: But to business. Naoe Yamato-kun...
Chris's Father: I have a request... If a man does approach my daughter, I want you to call this number.
Yamato: ...If I do, what happens to the guy?
Chris's Father: There's no cause to worry. We have no intention of harming the man.
Chris's Father: But I think he may be more discerning in the future.
Yamato: ...I see.
Chris's Father: Should you accept my offer, I promise good things will come to you.
*I decided to...*
Accept
Refuse
The truth was, I had my eyes on Chris
Yamato: (If I don't play along, things could go bad, fast.)
*The old bastard had chosen me to be his informant.*
Yamato: I would prefer if you handled those things yourselves.
Chris's Father: ...Heheh. I see you have a backbone. I like that.
Chris's Father: But you are speaking to a lieutenant general, remember. Surely that is worth some respect.
Yamato: (When it comes to his daughter, he's blind to everything else.)
Yamato: (If I don't play along, things could go bad, fast.)
*...No, wait. I can't even think about joking like that.*
*I could more than imagine the consequences.*
Chris's Father: Youth is a font of mistakes, you fool of a man.
Chris's Father: Margit? Do it.
Margit: The hunt is on. You are a wild hare, so you'd better run.
Yamato: (This is a bad idea. Some things are too reckless.)
Yamato: (Better to play along.)
Yamato: All right. I'll report anything I manage to notice.
*I didn't have any intention of actually doing so.*
*Not unless the guy looked visibly dangerous.*
Chris's Father: Please do. I'll finally be able to rest easy tonight.
*You had to feel bad for Chris, with how her father wouldn't let her stretch her wings.*
Yamato: *yawn* ...I haven't woken up this early in ages... Whoa.
Cookie: Good morning, Yamato. You have bags under your eyes.
Yamato: Yeah, I need to go wash up... Hmm?
*A foreign woman stood in the front hall.*
Yamato: Who is she, a friend of Chris's?
Mrs. Shimazu: Yep. Chris-chan introduced me to her herself.
Mrs. Shimazu: She's going to be stopping by every so often to check on Chris, apparently.
*The woman saluted us, then left.*
Yamato: She's military? Do you think she's under Margit?
*Chris was off in the courtyard, training under the morning sun.*
Chris: ...Ahh... Hah...
Chris: ...Ts!
*She kept her voice down, presumably to keep from waking anyone.*
Chris: ...Ts! Ts!
*She moved more like a martial artist than a fencer.*
*I'd never been able to look away from the beautiful elegance of her form, and today was no exception.*
*I'd spent a fair bit of time watching Wanko's katas. Hers were more dynamic, and certainly enjoyable, but seemed crude in comparison.*
Chris: Whew... Hm?
*Chris's, meanwhile, were refined and precise.*
Chris: Yamato. Good morning. You are up early.
Yamato: Yeah. I see you're really going at hard from sunrise.
Chris: How else am I to maintain my strength?
Chris: ...I have, on occasion, caught other girls throwing me looks.
Yamato: Oh.
Chris: Each of them with a hostile glint in their eyes.
Chris: Heh, but of course they would. Here, in the land of the samurai, I cannot let my guard down.
Yamato: Well, we do have a lot of aggressive types.
Yamato: Who knows when someone other than Wanko will challenge you.
Chris: I cannot wait! I would accept any such challenge.
Yamato: ...It's like you were born for our school, honestly.
Chris: Meanwhile, I see the one who has spent a full year there did not bother to wash his face this morning.
Yamato: Uh, yeah...
Chris: Early to bed and early to rise. Now is your chance to change.
Yamato: That's a tall order. I don't know how you do it.
Chris: Heheh... Well, it is easy for me.
*Chris puffed out her chest.*
Yamato: Look, I'll just go wash up.
Chris: Would you like to join me for a run?
Yamato: I'll pass.
Chris: Haha, of course you would.
*Nngh. She thought she was hot stuff, just because she was used to being up this early...*
*Though it was something to be proud of... A truly chivalrous and dignified girl.*
Yamato: Bathroom time... (I shut the door.)
Miyako: You didn't lock it? You fool! (She threw the door open.)
Yamato: I had a feeling that this would happen.
*I gave her a light chop on the head.*
Miyako: Ooh... You tricked me.
Yamato: Geez, you could learn a thing or two from Chris.
Miyako: ...Hmm?
Yamato: What?
Miyako: ...From Chris, you say?
Miyako: I get the feeling you've been with her a lot recently.
Yamato: ...Now that you mention it...
*She was right.*
*Was I starting to see Chris as more than a friend?*
Miyako: So, when does the strip show start?
Yamato: Get out!
Yamato: What? You're dueling someone today?
Chris: I was challenged the other day to an unarmed contest.
Kazuko: Lucky! But tell me, tell me -- who're you fighting?
Chris: A freshman girl by the name of Musashi Kosugi.
Kazuko: Oh, I've heard that she's the strongest freshman.
Takuya: She's another local with the blood of samurai in her veins.
Takuya: Now that she's conquered the freshmen class, she's apparently turning her sights towards the upperclassmen.
Kazuko: I heard that too! I can't believe she'd try, that jerk!
Gakuto: Hey Moro, you sure know a lot. Did you read that on that underground school website?
Takuya: Yeah, that's what was posted there.
Miyako: And so she chose Chris as her first opponent because she stands out.
Kazuko: Ahaha, not because she looks super weak?
Chris: Excuse me?
Kazuko: Don't you think she thinks you're an easy warm-up?
Kazuko: If that bothers you, then go kick her butt.
Chris: I shall. It will not take more than an instant!
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah! Show her how much stronger we upperclassmen are!
Yamato: ...Even Wanko can manipulate her now?
*...And so the hour of the duel arrived.*
Kosugi: I've been waiting for you, Chris-senpai.
Chris: I see there are many freshmen in the gallery.
Kosugi: They must be looking forward to the premium sight of a freshman crushing a sophomore.
Chris: Apologies, but I fear they will learn the harshness of reality instead.
Kazuko: Hey, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Oh, everyone. Hello.
Kazuko: This isn't the time for hellos, Mayucchi!
Kazuko: Everyone's saying that Musashi Kosugi girl is the strongest in the entire freshman class!
Yukie: It would seem that they are. She has defeated a rather large number of students.
Kazuko: And you're okay with that? You haven't fought, have you?
Yukie: No, oh no, there's no need for that.
Matsukaze: Musashi-san and my girl Mayucchi ain't even on the same level.
Yamato: There's no need to be so modest.
Momoyo: Ooh, now there's a lively freshie!: M'kay.
Tesshin: Now then. I will be your referee.: Begin!
Kosugi: ...Together with my brother Zakuro, I will raise my name to the heavens.
Kosugi: The first step is to become the strongest person at Kawakami Academy! Let's go!
Kosugi: Atatatatatata!
Spectator A: Whoa! A barrage of fists right out of the gate!
Spectator B: Won't Chris be at a disadvantage in an unarmed fight?!
Momoyo: ...Well, she's no match for Kuri.
Chris: Seiyah!
*A single, mighty punch struck Musashi Kosugi in the chest.*
Kosugi: ...Gugh... Huh?
*Kosugi staggered, and Chris pressed her advantage.*
Chris: Hah!
*She kicked high, scoring a hit on Kosugi's chin.*
Kosugi: Gh, huff... You're... strength... is so... premium...
*As Kosugi's body spun to the ground, the entire arena fell deathly quiet.*
Tesshin: ...The battle is over! Chris wins!
*Chris bowed politely.*
Gakuto: Damn. She took out the top freshman in two hits?
Takuya: Yeah, she's plenty strong even without her rapier.
Momoyo: Well, she's one of the strongest sophomores around.
Kazuko: Mmmngh... I'm going to go train!
*Chris was truly strong.*
*A fact that I'd known since I'd met her, but that I hadn't truly appreciated until now.*
Yamato: A complete, straightforward annihilation. No tricks, no nothing. Cool.
Chris: What did you expect? Some of us have class.
*Though her thorny nature clearly wasn't going anywhere...*
Chris: Well, I must say I do appreciate the compliment. Heheh.
*Perhaps she had softened a touch.*
*I was eating dinner with everyone in the dorm.*
Yukie: Umm, could I have seconds?
Matsukaze: And you know it'd warm her heart if you made it an extra big servin'.
Mrs. Shimazu: Coming right up. You guys all eat a ton.
Shouichi: We're in the middle of our growth spurts, springin' into the spring of our lives!
Cookie: And Mrs. Shimazu's far past her spring. More like her, fall. Heheheh.
Mrs. Shimazu: What was that, you piece of junk?!
Cookie: Who're you calling junk? Can't a robot make a joke?!
Shouichi: Hey, so what's she gonna become once she hits the end of winter?
Cookie 2: We are all but stardust.
Yamato: You willing to die on this hill?
Mrs. Shimazu: Too late, he's already dead!
Mrs. Shimazu: I plan to be alive and kicking even when I'm 100 years old. No joke! And my son will take care of me the whole time. Heheheh.
Yamato: Good luck, Gakuto. I can see her really doing it.
Chris: ...Thank you for the meal.
Mrs. Shimazu: Chris-chan, you barely eat anything.
Yamato: Though she will plow right through sweets.
Chris: Ahem. Do they not say women have a second stomach for dessert?
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, I know exactly what you mean. You remind me of myself when I was your age.
Miyako: (I can't believe how shameless she is... This must be a middle-aged woman's secret weapon.)
Mrs. Shimazu: Here, I happened to pick up a cake today. I saw it at the department store, and it looked so good I couldn't help myself.
Mrs. Shimazu: If you do have a second stomach, I know you'll have room for this.
Chris: Goodness... Of course!
Mrs. Shimazu: Isn't it so pretty? Especially with that strawberry on top.
Chris: Oh! Can I have that slice with the strawberry?!
Mrs. Shimazu: Do you want yours to be big?
Chris: Yes, I do... Can I?
Yamato: Go ahead. (She's so spoiled.)
Miyako: By all means. (She's spoiled rotten.)
Tadakatsu: Suit yourself. (Such a spoiled brat.)
Yukie: Please do. (I'm helping a friend!)
Shouichi: Oh! I wanna have that strawberry part t--: Hey! What gives?
Tadakatsu: Maybe this's your chance to finally learn some damn patience.
Chris: *om nom nom* Mmm, it's so good...
Chris: I could not be any happier.
Miyako: Good for you.
Shouichi: What the heck? Stop picking favorites!
Shouichi: Fine, all right! I'll just buy my own.
Shouichi: And you can't have any!
*Capt flew off like a tornado.*
Tadakatsu: ...No wonder he ain't got a girlfriend.
Yamato: Yeah, because he doesn't have an ounce of restraint.
*...After dinner.*
*The period drama lovers had gathered in the living room.*
Chris: The Yamato Dream Diaries 2009 Special Arc was amazing!
Yamato: Yeah, I was really impressed by the extravagant guests.
Chris: I have to argue that their efforts to return to their starting point were instrumental.
Chris: They held fast to the moral of good triumphing over evil. Yes, yes.
Yamato: Ishihashi-san and Tsugawa-san put up amazing performances as the antagonists.
Chris: Certainly, which truly tightened up the story.
Chris: ...Though I fail to understand the purpose of that hometown girl.
Yamato: She barely had any screen time, too.
Chris: But my favorite scene...
Chris: ...was the finale. The part where he fought a hundred men and won!
Yamato: That was really intense, yeah!
Chris: ...It is a joy to have someone to talk to about this.
Yamato: You said it. The others won't even give it a second glance.
*We both sipped our teas.*
*And what sort of tea was it?*
Tadakatsu: ...You're watchin' TV in here?
Tadakatsu: Then lemme put you on some tea. But don't get me wrong. You start gettin' bored of your show and stoppin' by my room, and you're gonna piss me off.
*Then, an hour later...*
Tadakatsu: I'll make you another pot. But...
Yamato: We won't get you wrong, don't worry.
Tadakatsu: Then good. I ain't doin' this for you.
*And so it went on.*
Chris: ...Whew.
Chris: I feel as if I am finding more opportunities to speak with you.
Yamato: Hmm, I guess so. More than before.
Chris: These conversations are so much fun. It is a shame you are always trying to pick a fight with me.
Yamato: I can see the sparks flying in that line, but... Well, whatever.
Chris: I would rather we were not at odds with each other.
Chris: Did not Yamatomaru himself say that conflict is devoid of meaning?
Yamato: Yeah, I guess...
Chris: Then let us be allies, and cease our spats!
Yamato: I accept your offer. Let's stop fighting.
*With our alliance formed, our fights finally came to an end...*
Yamato: Okay, that's enough enjoying the hermit crabs. Time for a bath.
Chris: ...What?!
Yamato: Oh shoot. I completely totally absolutely forgot all about it.
Yamato: Well, we're allies. Friends. Compatriots.
Chris: Our alliance is OVER!
Yamato: Gwooohhhhh!
*...For all of an hour.*
Yamato: I'm getting a real strong sense of deja vu...
Yamato: ...Argh. Why does it always have to end up like this?
Yamato: And I guess it's my fault...
Shouichi: Ugh... Yamato... Help a guy out... The cake, it never ends!
Yamato: How much did you buy?!
*Today was June 7th.*
*A month since Mayucchi and Chris had joined.*
*Things around us were getting livelier than ever.*
*But the craziness wasn't all that defined my school life.*
*There was also a girl who had caught my eye.*
*Christiane Friedrich.*
*A valiant warrior and transfer student who had just recently joined the Kazama Family.*
*Though a stubborn and frustrating woman if there ever was one...*
*There was a lot about her that was cute.*
*Yet every meeting of ours tended to end in a fight.*
Chris: I simply hold fast to what I believe to be just!
*I kind of wished she'd be a little more flexible about that.*
*But there was a brilliance to her spirit, one I lacked.*
*...Maybe that was what had drawn me to her.*
Yamato: What do you think, Hermy, Crabba?
*When I thought of how often we were running into each other...*
Yamato: There's no denying I'm drawn to her.
Yamato: I'm even thinking of her while gazing at my beloved hermit crabs, after all.
*...Perhaps memories of an erotic nature had a strength others lacked.*
*For now, we were still just friends.*
*But what would the future hold?*
*So began the summer of 2009.*
Chris: I love the summer uniforms. They really breathe, and are so light.
Momoyo: Yeah, and that's really nice in this heat.
Yukie: Having grown up in the north, I'm afraid that, for me, the summer here in Kanto might be a bit...
Yamato: You'll be fine. It doesn't really get that much hotter.
Gakuto: Chris and Mayucchi in summer clothes... Hmm, this is the spice of life.
Takuya: It's just... And this is just me, but...
Takuya: I'd hoped Chris would wear white stockings.
Gakuto: And you wonder why we call you a closet perv.
Miyako: You're really open about your fetishes.
Gakuto: Hey, don't sneak into on our guy talk.
Miyako: Yamato, what do you think about Chris's legs?
*Hmm...*
I like them au naturale
I like them wrapped in white stockings
I like Miyako's (Have you saved recently?)
Yamato: Oi, au naturale ahre ze best.
Miyako: Why the accent?
Yamato: Ze beauteeful legs come out een ze summair.
Gakuto: That's twice now.
Takuya: He must like them that much.
Yamato: I like it when she wears those white stockings.
Takuya: I know, right? I couldn't agree more.
Yamato: Ugh...
Takuya: Man...
Miyako: ...There you go again.
Yamato: I prefer Miyako's legs.
*I must not fear, for fear is the mind-killer.*
Miyako: I... didn't expect that.
Miyako: Then let's head into that thicket.
Yamato: Why?
Miyako: You can rub, stroke, lick, suck, do whatever you want to my legs.
Yamato: Whoa! I was joking! Somebody, help!
Gakuto: You heard him, Miyako. Just let it slide. It was just lip service.
Miyako: That's exactly what I'm offering in return. A full-body lip service of my own.
Yamato: That's not what I meant and you know it! Stop playing up his dumb joke!
Miyako: Some things are too serious to dismiss as jokes!
Yamato: Waaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*Miyako pulled me into the thicket, our bodies disappearing from view.*
*Silence hung in the air...*
Shouichi: Hahaha, well aren't they close friends.
Gakuto: Uh, I'm pretty sure this escalated to beyond just friendship.
Gakuto: H-Hey, Moro, what do we do?
Takuya: Sh-Should we grab the girls and ask them to help?
*At that moment, I emerged from the bushes, but now naked from the waist up.*
Yamato: Help--Ugh!
*Only to be yanked back in.*
Gakuto: Oof...
*Boxer shorts soared out from the thicket.*
Takuya: Whoa... That's harsh.
Gakuto: Let's see if we can hear them...
Yamato: Stop... Miyako, no, not in a place like this... Ooh!
Gakuto: Let's go... It's over for him.
Takuya: It only took an instant, too.
Gakuto: Well, put yourself in Miyako's shoes. After finally bein' given hope like that, how's she supposed to stop herself?
Takuya: She'll probably get herself a bun in the oven, and then they'll have to get married.
Gakuto: Well, this is all one way things could always have turned out. If anything, bein' with Miyako's probably one of his better options.
Takuya: Yeah... Yamato, you let your freedom get to your head. I've never really like being free that much.
Gakuto: ...Good-bye, Yamato.
Takuya: Farewell, Yamato.
*And so Yamato and Miyako proceeded down the path to marriage.*
*--School, homeroom.*
Umeko: We have our theme for this year's sports festival--
Umeko: Kumagai! Don't eat tenzaru noodles during homeroom! At least pick food you don't have to slurp!
Mitsuru: O-Ouch. I'm sorry, I just...
Kazuko: Kuma-chan has a lot of courage to eat in front of such a scary teacher.
Umeko: This year will be a normal sports festival, to be held on the 27th.
Ikurou: Tch. You could've gone with an aquatic one so everyone would be in swimsuits.
Chris: The sports festival will surely be my place to shine. I cannot wait.
Kazuko: We compete as classes, Kuri, so this time we're on the same side.
Chris: I see... Which class do you suppose will be our most formidable foe?
Kazuko: Definitely Class S. They're really good.
Kazuko: ...But even so, I'd be super mad if they wound up on our side.
Yamato: Yeah. They're always picking fights with us too.
Shouichi: So this here's the perfect excuse to go fight them! This is gonna be sweet!
*--In 2-S.*
Kokoro: Hmm, a pedestrian sports festival? Well, I suppose that will do. I won't hold it against you.
Kyojin: Why're you acting like this is my fault?
Kokoro: Kuki, as a member of a noble house, I have a proposal.
Hideo: Then We, the heir of the unparalleled Kuki Conglomerate, shall hear your thoughts.
Kokoro: At the sports festival, shall we focus all our efforts on 2-F?
Kokoro: A Kawakami Campaign to destroy those upstarts sounds wonderful, wouldn't you say?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! A Kawakami Campaign? That is an interesting direction to take things.
Hideo: The Kawakami Campaign is a contest in which the winner is permitted to induct one member of the losing class into their own, is it not?
Hideo: Who shall be the prize?
Kokoro: You like Kawakami Kazuko, I believe?
Kokoro: Then why not name her?
Hideo: We would never do something to countermand her wishes.
Azumi: That's so wonderfully kind of you, Hideo-sama!
Kokoro: I thought you were more determined than that...
Touma: Then may I propose we seek Yamato-kun?
Kokoro: Yamato-kun? How disgusting. And you address him by his given name?
Touma: Yes, and I hope he appreciates all the love I put behind it.
Touma: Few besides him could hope to keep up with our class. Amakasu Mayo-san, and perhaps Shiina Miyako. I can think of no others.
Kokoro: But think of the joy of summoning a patent fool to our class and watching him panic.
Jun: This is why I keep telling you to get a hobby.
Jun: This is our chance to recruit Amakasu Mayo, who could actually keep up... Huff, huff.
Jun: And before you ask, I swear I have no ulterior motives!
Jun: I simply hope... that I... can put a smile on her face!
Jun: ...Like, for instance...
Jun: Class Rep, I don't quite understand this bit...
Kokoro: Why are you imagining her in a swimsuit? You clearly have only ulterior motives!
Mayo: Hmm. Big Brother, you have to do it this way.
Kokoro: Did she call you Big Brother? You clearly are not right in the head, you pervy pervert!
Jun: Shut up! Stop being a killjoy on my tropical dreams!
Kokoro: Perhaps you could try to be less 'tropical'.
Koyuki: Who do we steal... This is so tricky.
Hideo: Well, setting that aside, a Kawakami Campaign is certainly an intriguing suggestion.
Hideo: Let us deliver unto 2-F a letter of challenge. Mwahahaha.
Kyojin: ...So that's settled?
Kyojin: Then now that you're all settled, I've got a transfer student to introduce.
Koyuki: Wow, this is super huge!
Kokoro: Goodness. Such things should take precedence!
Kyojin: This old man won't be a good sport forever... Eh, just come on in.
Margit: I am Margit Eberbach.
Jun: She's no ordinary character, I'd say.
Kyojin: She's an exchange student from Germany.
Kyojin: You know the girl who's in Class F, what's her name... Chris! They're connected.
Margit: A pleasure.
Kyojin: Right, anyone with questions, raise your hand.
*A number of hands shot up.*
Class 2-S Student: You can speak Japanese?
Margit: You will consider me nearly fluent. For instance...
Margit: Let's go hit dem books t'night!
Margit: For real? I'm, like, totally tuckered out.
Margit: As you can see, I am a master of various dialects.
Class 2-S Student: Th-That's incredible. Though I wouldn't call those different dialects...
Koyuki: Me, me! Did you get permission to wear those?
Margit: The military has made a considerable donation to the Kawakami Academy.
Margit: As such, I was told that no one would mind if I dressed in standard uniform.
Margit: You will understand that this allows me to be prepared for any emergency.
Azumi: I see. You took a similar solution to the matter of uniforms as me.
Azumi: ...Margit-san, how talented might you be?
Kyojin: She's exceptional, probably in the top three in the class.
Kyojin: Also, Margit's arrival means Takigawa drops out of Class S.
*The classroom erupted with noise.*
Azumi: Wow, then you will be a vicious rival
Class 2-S Student: Takigawa stopped coming to school, so of course he'd get kicked out.
Kokoro: His mental health had begun to suffer, yes.
Hideo: Well, he surely must have grown tired. Time away from Our class will surely help him recuperate.
Nakamura: (Oh... Takigawa-san's finally out... Then I'm next on the chopping block.)
Nakamura: (I'm sick of competition. This isn't for me.)
Touma: You have such splendid abilities. The name is Aoi Touma.
Touma: What, if I may ask, do you hold most precious?
Margit: Myself, of course.
Touma: Whom do you admire?
Margit: Myself, of course.
Touma: What is your philosophy?
Margit: I am right. I am absolute justice.
Touma: You truly are a natural fit for our class. And furthermore...
Touma: You have a most majestic beauty, and strike me as a wonderful individual. May I be the first to bid you welcome.
Margit: You are too close to me. You will regret that. (She threw a punch at him.)
Koyuki: Now, now. (She stepped up and knocked her arm aside.)
Margit: ...?!
Koyuki: Here, want a marshmallow? It's yummy!
Margit: ...It would be rude to reject an offer. You will hand it over.
Koyuki: Mm, yummy. *om nom nom*
Margit: (It's probably not poisoned.)
Margit: ...Hmm, it's sweet... But tasty.
Koyuki: Heh hah heh, now we're friendsies!
*Koyuki happily twirled about.*
Jun: Umm... Not to ruin the fun, but you're a soldier?
Margit: Yes. But here at school, mine will be the place of a student.
Kokoro: What brought you here?
Margit: To learn about Japan. You will accept that explanation without question.
Jun: ...I feel like we've already got enough soldiers in this class.
Azumi: Oh, I'm just a former mercenary
Margit: I never would have thought to meet you in such a peaceful place at this, Queen Bee.
Azumi: How long has it been. Since the Middle East episode? Fate must be playing tricks on us, Hound.
Hideo: Oh. It is a surprise, to learn you know of Azumi's battlefield nickname.
Kokoro: Interesting. You should fight so we can see just how strong you are.
Hideo: Hmm. It is true that We have not seen her sword dance in too long.
*.........*
*The remainder of homeroom was for self-study.*
Gakuto: ...? I know that sound -- someone must be fightin' in the courtyard!
Kazuko: Huh, really? Maybe it's a duel!
Umeko: Hey, hey, you are supposed to be studying. Return to your seat, Kawakami!
Kazuko: *whimper*
Umeko: ...Hmm, who's fighting?
Umeko: Oh, the Class S transfer student. You are all welcome to watch.
*Sparks flew from the two silhouettes.*
Margit: ...Ugh. You haven't lost your step!
Azumi: I'll never lose while Hideo-sama's watching
*Armed with her kodachi, Azumi was pushing Margit back.*
Umeko: That girl is Margit, who entered Class S today.
Chris: Oh, if it is not Mar-san! I had not realized she had arrived!
Yamato: She actually transferred here. Damn.
Suguru: A soldier? One of my favorite professions for a woman, were this world any other... Curse realities cruel taunts.
Umeko: I'm told you know her, Chris?
Chris: Yes. She is practically a sister to me.
Ikurou: She's freaking scary, but damn is she hot. Check out those tits...
Chika: Another powerhouse? Really?
Mayo: Wouldn't you say she looks older?
Chris: Yes, she is 21. Several years older than myself.
*Azumi finally connected a kick, knocking Margit off her feet.*
Umeko: You've learned her face, then? Please show her a warm welcome.
Gakuto: You don't even have to ask! It looks like it's over down there.
Miyako: Mm-mm. Don't you think she's about to get serious?
Margit: Hasen... Jagd...
Azumi: Well, I suppose I'll have to break a sweat
Kokoro: Oh my, Margit looks nimbler now.
Touma: And I believe her attack power has skyrocketed as well. A truly ferocious woman, she is.
Hideo: Enraged, is she? And she is fighting Azumi to a draw.
Jun: Whew, that's something else. What a transfer student.
Kokoro: W-Well, I could easily surpass that.
Jun: Oh, really? I think you'd be in for a hard time.
Kokoro: Not in the slightest. I simply need get in range to throw her!
Kokoro: Then I would grab her like this, and body slam her!
Jun: ...I love how childish you can be... Weh heh heh.
Kokoro: Aiee?! I need not your puppy-dog eyes!
*The match ended in a draw.*
Azumi: You always did attack with such severity
Margit: And the variety of your attacks is always astounding.
*It was as if the battle were less to determine superiority and more to establish Margit's power.*
Ikurou: Wow, it's a draw? Man, that got me so hard.
Umeko: Don't be so vulgar. Next time my whip will test just how hard you are down there.
Ikurou: Sex!
Umeko: Such a quick tongue, uncultured swine!
*As promised, she whipped his crotch!*
Ikurou: Gaaaahhhh! The pain is bliss!
Gakuto: Holy... You goaded her into doin' that, like a boss.
Chris: ...A tie...? Hmph. Mar-san never removed her eyepatch.
Chris: She is not really serious unless she takes that step.
Yamato: There's a third level to her power? Who's stronger, you or her?
Chris: Without her eyepatch, I do not know.
Yamato: Then that third level must be something else... Okay.
Mayo: She'll be a powerful foe in the sports festival, won't she?
Chika: Uh, this totally isn't the time to be impressed.
*Fukumoto Ikurou went on to spend a week in the hospital letting his Johnny recover.*
*--Shimazu Dorm, at the breakfast table.*
Tadakatsu: Yo, we clearly got one person here too many.
Margit: Eat your breakfast as you normally would. (She stirred her natto beans.)
Chris: Heh-hem. Mar-san, I can eat natto!
Margit: Then I shall try some as well... *om nom nom*
Margit: This has a rather refined flavor. Interesting.
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, I see you can eat it just fine.
Chris: Mmm, I had thought I was special...
Tadakatsu: What makes you think you get to blend in here so naturally?
Margit: I am here to tend to Frau Chris.
Yamato: Visitors are perfectly normal, but...
Yamato: Are you sure you should be feeding her, too?
Mrs. Shimazu: It's fine. I'll give her as much as she wants.
Yamato: So she bribed you.
Chris: You misunderstand, Yamato. Mar-san would never do such a thing.
Mrs. Shimazu: How much is one euro in yen these days?
Yamato: Yeah, I'm sticking with my theory.
Margit: Reiko-dono, I seek four raw eggs.
Mrs. Shimazu: Here you are, my pot of gold--I mean, Mar-chan.
Margit: 'Margit' will do.
Chris: ...The salted salmon goes well with rice too.
Yamato: ...You weren't listening to any of that, were you?
*Margit cracked the each of the eggs and spilled their contents into her glass.*
Margit: *glug, glug* ...Ah! I truly do love eggs.
Chris: Mm, this fishbone is yet... driving me mad.
Margit: You will leave this to me. There, and... There.
Chris: All the fish bones are gone! Thank you, Mar-san!
Mrs. Shimazu: Margit is going to irregularly stay the night here at the dorm, you see.
Margit: I am welcome to showing you good will. You will respond in kind.
Yamato: ...So all this, even entering school, it's for Chris?
Margit: Of course. The Lieutenant General ordered it himself.
Mrs. Shimazu: I still don't see why you entered her class, then.
Yamato: Her father said he didn't want to indulge her that much.
Margit: Moreover, the advanced class suits me.
Chris: I wish I had your brains, Mar-san...
Chris: Regardless, she is like a sister to me, so please treat her well!
I will!
......
How about a Friedrich sandwich?
Yamato: Yeah, will do!
Chris: Good.
Margit: An excellent response, one worthy of praise. (She patted my head.)
*I wasn't entirely sure how I felt about that.*
Yamato: ......
*I couldn't bring myself to say yes.*
*Dammit, military-grade coercion just wasn't something I could deal with.*
Yamato: (A delicious Friedrich sandwich, maybe...?)
Yamato: (I'll throw that delusion in the garbage where it belongs.)
*As much as part of me liked the idea, it'd be best if I kept such thoughts away from my mouth.*
*Besides, I didn't want to usurp Yonpachi as resident creeper.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Here, there's yogurt for dessert. It's nice and sweet.
Yukie: Oh, you're right. This is wonderfully delicious.
Matsukaze: Truth be told, me and my girl Mayucchi were here the whole time, but we ain't had no chance to speak up till now.
Miyako: Yeah, it's good yogurt...
Margit: Oh, is it? Then I shall have some as well.
Chris: Wow! This yogurt is wonderful!
Margit: ...Frau Chris, you may have mine as well.
Chris: Really? Thank you, Mar-san!
Yamato: What a nice sister you have...
Miyako: Too nice, if you ask me.
*So Margit would be staying over irregularly...*
*...I decided not to tease Chris while she was around.*
*.........*
*I finished my breakfast, finished preparing, and headed off to school.*
Shouichi: Yo, so I was watching the Osaka special that they had up on TV this morning.
Yamato: If you don't get changed fast and wolf down your breakfast, you're going to be late.
Shouichi: Eh, I've got this sudden urge to go visit Osaka instead now, so that's where I'm going to go!
Yamato: Aaah... Your wanderlust strikes again?
Yamato: The usual takoyaki for a souvenir, please. And try not to make the news?
Shouichi: Aye-aye. Then I'm getting on outta here.
Chris: ...You are not actually going to Osaka, are you?
Yamato: Eh, he'll be back in a few days.
Chris: You must not do this, Capt. We have classes.
Shouichi: Yeah, but I'm really feeling this whole go-to-Osaka thing, so see you.
Chris: But--
Shouichi: There's only one person who can boss me around, and that's me. Bye!
Chris: Wait! ...Kh! Curse your speed!
*...I decided to flee to school while she was distracted.*
Chris: Hey, Yamato. Hold on.
*Only for her to catch me.*
Yamato: Look, there's no stopping Capt's wanderlust. He's always been like this.
Chris: But he is breaking the rules of communal life.
Yamato: And he's paying for it with his grades.
Chris: Then we must warn him and make him stop!
Chris: Capt is doing nothing but indulging his whims. You cannot simply chalk this up to wanderlust and leave it at that.
Yamato: What do you want me to do about it?
Chris: You are his friend and his tactician. You should be assisting me!
Yamato: I've told him again and again and again and again.
Yamato: But he never changed. In the end, that's just who he is.
Chris: Hmm... Is there truly nothing to be done?
Chris: No strategy, no tactic?
Chris: Perhaps I will try speaking to him myself.
Yamato: Eh, wouldn't that be kind of annoying?
Chris: Mmmph!
Yamato: Being a wanderer is in Capt's nature.
Chris: I will not be asking him to cease his adventuring ways.
Chris: But could he not at least wait for the weekend?
Yamato: Well... Yeah, I guess. Maybe I should've put up more resistance this time!
Chris: Is it not a friend's duty to point out her friends' flaws?
Yamato: Yeah. Even if there's no stopping him from wandering, we really should force him to go when there's no school.
Chris: Right? Yes, yes.
Yamato: ...It's become practically a custom, but...
Yamato: Next time, I'll try stopping him and suggesting something else.
Chris: I shall assist.
Yamato: ...Nngh, I never thought you'd convince me on something like this.
Chris: I do consider myself to have learned from what happened at the secret base.
Chris: I will not fully deny something, but when I see wrong, I will not hold my tongue.
Yamato: ...Wow, you've really grown.
Chris: But I am still of a mind to fully reject your schemes.
Yamato: Then you haven't really grown up after all.
Yamato: Huh? Where's Mayucchi and Margit?
Yukie: ...Umm, what is it?
Margit: You are rather strong. I can tell from your smell.
Margit: I would love to battle you, but I must prioritize my mission.
Yukie: Ahh... Do I smell that bad, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: All Ah'm smellin' is somethin' flowery. Don't get ya panties in a twist.
Yukie: Margit-san seems strong.
Matsukaze: Yeah, she's probably good for, what, two minutes?
Yukie: Do you think so? ...I still need a lot more training, then.
Chris: ...Hmm.
Yamato: What's wrong, Chris? I'm busy replying to people on my phone right now.
Chris: Yamato, you... You spend a lot of time on that phone.
Chris: Whoever you are speaking with, you must be writing a novel at that rate.
Yamato: Oh, you know. I know a lot of people.
Chris: Yes, I have had that impression since the day I met you.
Chris: From what I have seen, you actively seek friendships.
Yamato: That's right. That makes it easier to pull off my schemes.
Chris: How can you... They are your frie--
Yamato: Don't you think it's time to head home? We can talk on the way back.
Chris: Hey. Wait one moment, Yamato.
Chika: Heheh, well aren't you two a close couple.
Yamato: Well yeah. I think we've got a lot going for us.
Chris: We are not going out!
Yamato: Let's not tell Moro and the others we're going, so we can keep talking.
Chris: S-Sure.
*The two of us left school together.*
Chris: So about our conversation...
Yamato: Yeah, there's something I'm particular about.
Yamato: If I don't explain this properly, I'm afraid you'll never stop making fun of me for it.
Chris: Go on?
Yamato: It's a fact that I'm making new acquaintances...
Yamato: But I don't feel like I'm making friends.
Chris: What do you mean?
Yamato: So the people I'm chatting with on the phone?
Yamato: We'll hang out sometimes, but...
Yamato: But our relationships are strictly ones of give and take.
Yamato: I'll offer information, and expect info in return.
Yamato: I'll offer to introduce someone to someone else so that I can be introduced to a fourth party. Things like that.
Chris: And so you do not consider them your friends?
Yamato: Not me, at least. They're welcome to feel however they want.
Yamato: Everyone has their own sense of how close you need to be to be friends.
Chris: Well, I suppose so...
Yamato: For example, if they were in deep trouble, I'd do what I could to help, but I wouldn't risk life and limb.
Yamato: And I'm sure they'd act the same way towards me. They'd never go through hell for me.
Yamato: So I don't consider them friends.
Chris: Hmmm.
Yamato: To turn that around, my only friends are the Kazama family.
Yamato: If anything ever happened to Moro or Wanko... I feel awkward saying this, but I'd even give up my life to save theirs.
Yamato: And I think they'd do the same for me.
Yamato: Does that make sense to you?
Chris: I have sensed how considerate you are towards the Family.
Chris: ...Yet is it not sad to assume one would not risk their life to save you?
Chris: Kumagai-dono would surely come to your aid.
Yamato: It's more that I'm not relying on it.
Yamato: I don't want to think I have so many friends that it lulls me into a false sense of security.
Chris: ...I see.
Chris: Why would you need to insist on making so many new acquaintances when you could simply spend more time with your friends?
Yamato: Like I said in the beginning, there's a lot of upsides to building connections.
Yamato: Right now, a whole lot of people owe me favors.
Yamato: And that's a coin I can spend if anything ever happened to me.
Chris: I simply do not understand. An example, please?
Yamato: I could have them vote for me as student council president, or bring them in on one of my plans... Something like that.
Chris: Hmm... I cannot deny that, and yet...
Yamato: Chris, if there's one thing you want it's...
Chris: Straightforward honesty!
Yamato: Thought so. So I'm not surprised you're not convinced. If you're not denying it, I'll take it.
Chris: All right...
Yamato: ...There's one last thing I'd like to say.
Yamato: Don't forget that I consider you one of my friends.
Chris: Huh...?
Chris: O-Oh... I-I see. Yes.
Chris: I too would help you should anything happen to you!
Chris: Nevertheless, the justice of which I am so fond is a righteous path.
Chris: I hesitate to help no one, be they friend or stranger!
Yamato: I'm not saying I wouldn't do nothing!
Chris: Yet your words sounded heartless to me.
Yamato: How far do I gotta go for you to bend?
Chris: Farther than you will ever go, I suspect.
*We'd come a little bit closer, yet still remained far apart.*
*We were halfway through practical philosophy.*
Kyojin: Don't go underestimating the country. Even if everything else goes to hell, the tax collectors won't.
Kyojin: If they ever catch you not paying taxes, you're in for a bad time. They'll freeze your bank account and everything.
Takuya: It sounds like you're talking from experience.
Chris: I am sure he is.
Ikurou: Aww, but paying taxes sucks. If they start trying to tax porn, I'll have to protest.
Chika: I'm gonna ignore that porn... whatever. Taxes are just a thing everyone pays.
Kyojin: Your only choice is to try minimizing yours.
Mitsuru: We can do something about that? *om nom nom*
Kyojin: Stop eating that seafood pizza during class.
Kazuko: He's right, Kuma-chan. I think you've made a big mistake here.
Kyojin: And you shouldn't lift weights during class either.
Kazuko: But it smells so good that it's making me really hungry.
Mitsuru: I'm really sorry. Umm, would you like some?
Gakuto: I will have a slice as well. I'm desperate for some carbs.
Chika: Then why don't we all order a pizza?
Kyojin: You really think this old man's going to let you get away with that?
Yamato: I think turning a blind eye is your best choice here.
Kyojin: So as I was saying, your average office worker might have a one-man business on the side to lower his bill.
Kyojin: If you can pull in at least 200,000 yen a year, it counts as proper work.
Kyojin: Then you can write off meals, odds and ends, travel fees, all of that as business expenses. Which makes it deductible.
Yamato: And the tax collectors let you get away with that?
Kyojin: It's on a case by case basis. And if there's one thing I need to add...
Kyojin: Watch out for if your main job doesn't want you having a side job, or you're in for trouble if they catch you.
Kyojin: My business is so short on hands, you wouldn't have the time for it anyways whether we banned it or not.
Yamato: Wow, you're that shorthanded?
Kyojin: Well, yeah. What do you say to working for me someday? I'll work you to the bone.
Yamato: I'll consider it an option.
Kyojin: It's the sly statements like that one that make me think you'd be perfect for it too...
Chris: Hmm... Well, I suppose it does not truly matter.
*Chris didn't show much interest in our down-to-earth conversation.*
*That night, at the Shimazu Dorm--*
*Capt had somehow made it back from Osaka with armfuls of domestic beef.*
Shouichi: Man, so I was turning my head every which way that night in the city when this guy covered in cuts comes staggering on up to me.
Shouichi: He asked for help, so I took him on over to this hospital he knew.
Tadakatsu: ...Don't tell me he was... Nah, I ain't overthinkin' this.
Shouichi: You wouldn't believe all these thugs who were trying to chase us down before we could get there.
Shouichi: It took all I had, but I managed to lead the guy through the shadows and outta that trouble.
Cookie 2: Meister, I am glad you were not caught.
Cookie 2: Goodness me, the story was so exciting that I automatically transformed.
Shouichi: Then he said he wanted to thank me and all that, so threw all this beef right down there on the table!
Yukie: Wow, this is really high-quality meat.
Matsukaze: I've never had meat this good!
Tadakatsu: Ain't this the stuff the Kukis put on their table?
Shouichi: Is it that high up there? Then I can't wait to eat it -- it's gonna be sweet!
*And so we immediately set to make sukiyaki--*
Mrs. Shimazu: This is one scent I'll never tire of. I'm glad I became a dorm mother.
Yamato: Shouldn't you call your son?
Mrs. Shimazu: Then there'd be less for me!
Mrs. Shimazu: And besides, he's off visiting a distant gym anyways.
Shouichi: Okay gang, I got a question for you. Anyone who can give me a convincing answer gets a bite of this meat.
Yamato: More sudden games? Well, spit it out.
Shouichi: A-kun and B-kun are havin' a fight, and A-kun says that B-kun did something awful. So, what awful thing did he do?
Miyako: B-kun is cheating with C-kun.
Shouichi: Woah, I had no idea they were going out... Eat up!
Miyako: Mnn, It's so good!
Mrs. Shimazu: B-kun left a 'surprise' and forgot to flush the toilet.
Shouichi: Screw that kinda surprise. Mrs. Shimazu, here you go.
Mrs. Shimazu: This is excellent meat, too good to waste on Gakuto.
Yamato: They were playing Creature Hunter together and B-kun killed Cravios while it was in the lava.
Shouichi: That's a real jerk move, for sure, but I'm lookin' for something anyone could understand. No good.
Yamato: Whenever B-kun goes on a trip he always brings back the same gift -- chocolate peanuts.
Shouichi: He's just pickin' those up at the airport, isn't he? That's lame, but it's not something truly awful.
Yamato: He ate the ice cream out of A-kun's soda float, then teased him about the ice cream floating away.
Shouichi: You could've come up with a better punchline, but eh. You get a bite.
Yamato: ...Wow, this is good.
Chris: Th-Then I too shall try. Ahem.
Chris: B-kun broke a promise he made to A-kun.
Shouichi: What kind of promise?
Chris: Huh? Umm... A promised to hang out together, maybe?
Shouichi: Nope. I'm totally not invested in the story.
Chris: Ugh.
Margit: B-kun started going out with A-kun's mother.
Shouichi: That sure would leave A-kun at a loss. Eat up.
Margit: ...Wow, this meat is good.
Shouichi: Let's see... *om nom* Wow, this stuff's amazing!
Chris: Ugh!
Chris: Okay!
Shouichi: Proceed, Sir Chris.
Chris: B-kun... broke A-kun's toy.
Shouichi: What kind of toy?
Chris: A-A model airplane, maybe?
Shouichi: That kind of answer just isn't gonna cut it.
Yamato: *om nom nom* Gen-san, this is amazing. You're not going to try?
Tadakatsu: Hey. Chew your food, dammit! Nah, I'm good.
Miyako: *om nom nom* The flavor is truly wonderful.
Chris: Ooh! Urgh!
*I......*
Wave the meat in front of Chris
Encourage Chris
Yamato: Yeah, this really is the good stuff. Hamph, hamph! Hamph!
Chris: ...Ugh!
Yamato: Chris, don't give up.
Chris: ...I have no idea what to do.
Margit: ...I will give my portion to you, Frau Chris.
Chris: Mar-san... But you will not be able to have any.
Margit: I do not need much to fill my stomach.
Margit: So please eat it, Frau Chris.
Chris: Really? Thank you! *om nom nom*
Yamato: (You actually ate it?!)
Chris: Mmm, it is delicious! Wonderfully so!
Margit: ... (She looked at her affectionately.)
Shouichi: Mmm. Right, game's over. Everyone's free to dig in.
Chris: It's it delicious, Mar-san?
Margit: Yes. I am even willing to thank you, Kazama Shouichi.
Shouichi: Man, it's nothing. It's not like I had to work to buy the meat or anything.
Yamato: Uh, I'm pretty sure putting your life on the line surpasses work.
Chris: Once we are finished, Mar-san, we should take a bath.
Margit: Agreed. I brought my bath set with me.
Chris: Will you stay here tonight?
Margit: So long as that is your wish.
Chris: Then that settles it!
Margit: Good. We will sleep together tonight.
*Chris practically clung to Margit.*
*--Homeroom.*
Umeko: I have the army assignments for the sports festival.
Umeko: Class F is in the Seiryuu Army. Class S is in the Byakko Army. We are enemies, as we hoped.
Suguru: For the sports festival, we compete for points as members of four armies: Genbu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Seiryuu.
Suguru: How are classes assigned, you ask?
Suguru: By lot. Hence, the results differ each year.
Suguru: Thus concludes my brief foray into the world of plot dumping.
Umeko: Furthermore, Class S has challenged us to a duel to be held during the festival.
Umeko: Their request, a one-on-one Kawakami Campaign.
Suguru: Nngh... A Kawakami Campaign? I thought it the stuff of legends.
Takuya: You've heard of it? That's good, because everyone else has.
*Murmurs broke out throughout the class.*
Shouichi: This's legit huge. Things gonna get nas-tay!
Haguro: What is with that fake accent? Like, that's not you. Your old style felt way more spiritually right.
Shouichi: Whoops, guess I slipped up a bit. Ahem. So it's time for a Kawakami Campaign, eh?
Chris: Is that not the style of battle Yamato and I fought in Hakone?
Yamato: Yeah, and this is how it's normally done, pitting one class against another.
Chris: Interesting. And I am never one to ignore a challenge.
Chika: ...I'd like to too, but like... A Kawakami Campaign?
Chris: What is going on? Why the lack of spirit?
Chris: Is 2-S not our nemesis?
Mitsuru: So a Kawakami Campaign consists of five rounds.
Mitsuru: After each win, you can select a member of the losing class.
Mitsuru: From that moment on, that person is forced to change classes, whether they want to or not.
Chris: Goodness. I had no idea the rules were so severe.
Chris: Then a string of five losses would result in five of us being forced into Class S?
Takuya: Where they'll treat us like slaves, or worse.
Suguru: Given their elitist attitudes, I would not put it past them.
Chika: ...I bet those jerks would choose me, too.
Haguro: ...Nah, it's gonna be me. I guarantee it.
Haguro: They'd make us their bitches, their personal play things... *shiver*
Haguro: Like, they'd tell me to pleasure five of them at once... Shit, I'm getting wet.
Kazuko: Well, I want to fight Class S, no matter the risk!
Kazuko: Just think of it this way: If we win, then it's all good!
Chika: ...Well, yeah. When you put it that way, it really does sound simple.
Chris: Dog, so you can have a way with words.
Chris: I shall even give you my inari-san...
Kazuko: Huh? Really? Gimme gimme gimme!
Chris: ...No, that is the one thing I just cannot do.
Kazuko: What gives?! Does a knight break her word?
Yamato: Sorry to cut off your comedy sketch, but I have to ask if everyone is down for this?
Shouichi: You know I'm down for it. It sounds like a challenge, but that's what'll make it fun. Things are gonna be sweet!
Ikurou: I'm in too. We'll win for sure.
Yamato: Yonpachi, have you recovered from that time you got whipped where the sun don't shine?
Ikurou: Somehow, yeah. The best part was when I got to show the nurse my wound.
Ikurou: Listen up. If we win, We can steal one of the hot girls from Class S.
Ikurou: I wanna steal Sakakibara Koyuki! Fushikawa's hot too, but she'd drive us insane.
Gakuto: That's a strong argument. She wouldn't even know what to do with herself.
Gakuto: Then comes in this knight in shining armor to offer a helpin' hand, and thus love is born.
Haguro: Dayum, that's nasty
Chika: I'd expect something like that out of a ten-year-old, not a high schooler.
Chika: No, we have to pick Touma-kun.
Chika: Being surrounded by all of you stupid boys might leave him moping...
Chika: But then me, his princess, could offer him a helping hand... Then one day, he'll make a passionate confession, and then...
Suguru: Do you not grasp that your delusions are more baseless than his?! It is your ilk that perpetuates the cycle of conflict! Get lost!
Chika: It's gonna be Touma-kun and that's final!
Ikurou: Nah, it's Sakakibara Koyuki or bust! No--*and* bust!
Kazuko: This problem's easy: We can just win them both!
Chika: Oh yeah. Well, aren't you brilliant, Wanko.
Ikurou: That settles that.
Yamato: So we're not even considering the possibility of defeat? I can't say I'm surprised.
Takuya: Yamato, who do you want to join our class if we win?
*I wanted...*
Sakakibara Koyuki
Fushikawa Kokoro
Oshitari Azumi
Margit
One of the guys
Yamato: Sakakibara Koyuki, maybe? No, definitely.
Gakuto: Wow, I can feel the wind at my back.
Ikurou: Right? I knew you'd catch our drift. It's smooth sailing now.
Miyako: Ah... You have me right here, and you want her?
Miyako: Want a marshmallow?
Yamato: Don't steal her character! Besides, you don't have any in the first place.
Miyako: Oh, but I do. Two, in fact, and a cherry that's all yours.
Yamato: Mngh. So basically, I'd prefer a calm girl.
Yamato: What about Fushikawa Kokoro?
Gakuto: No way! She's got a pretty face, but that's it!
Chika: She's the one person we are totally not picking ever.
*I couldn't believe how poorly that went over.*
Yamato: Maybe Oshitari Azumi?
Suguru: You would risk that real maid, even given the mystery that is her past?
Kazuko: She'd probably do nothing but talk about Kuki-kun too.
*It didn't seem like people would welcome her.*
Yamato: Maybe Margit?
Chris: That would be nice, being together with Mar-san.
Chris: She would surely not contest the results of the contest, either.
Takuya: I'm not so sure... She's really aggressive.
Mitsuru: ...Beautiful, but terrifying. *om nom nom* Oh, this street stand chicken is to die for.
Yamato: Hmm... So the guys aren't really open to the idea.
Yamato: If it's a girl, I feel like I'd have to watch my every word, so...
Yamato: Maybe it'd be better to go for one of the guys.
Yamato: And tag-teaming with Touma sounds like a lot of fun.
Miyako: ...I'd lose you for a man? *sniff, sniff*
Yamato: I don't want him like that, and you know it!
*And so we accepted the challenge to a Kawakami Campaign.*
*The showdown would be on June 27th--*
*After dinner, we had a heated discussion on dangerous animals.*
Shouichi: If there's two things I never want to go meet, it's bears and great white sharks.
Margit: ......
Yamato: (Margit's never this quiet.)
Yukie: I still have to go with snakes. Venomous snakes are just...
Matsukaze: Yo, so I was takin' a walk when I saw this snake with a frog in its mouth. Like, only its head was stickin' out. I've had night-stallions for weeks.
Yukie: Stallions, because he's not a mare.
Miyako: And there's the cone shells with dangerous needles.
Yamato: Wasps are scarier to me, since I'm much more likely to run into one.
Yukie: Aww, everyone ignored it...
Matsukaze: Find out what happens in the next episode of 'Gyakushu no Mayucchi' -- or, for our international fans, 'Mayucchi's Counterattack'!
Tadakatsu: I helped exterminate them once, but screw goin' through that shit again.
Chris: But wasps can simply be struck down.
Yamato: It's not that simple. What if they came as a swarm?
Chris: Then I need simply swat them all.
Yamato: Well, somebody's strong.
Chris: Hmph. I am a knight, after all.
*Chris stood up.*
Yamato: (Hmm, off to the bathroom.)
Miyako: Blue-ringed octopuses are pretty exciting t--
Chris: Waaahhhhhh!
*A scream from the hallway.*
Shouichi: An accident's come bolting out of the blue to interrupt our daily lives? Yes!
*Capt backflipped his way into the hallway.*
Yamato: Capt, why do you have to... Chris, what's wrong?!
Chris: It is a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a...
Shouichi: Oh, the roach. He's finally decided to show himself.
Chris: Th-Th-This is not funny. Do something about it.
Yamato: Do you dislike them?
Chris: I-I-I-I-Is there anyone who does not?!
*I decided to...*
Tease her
Kill the cockroach
Yamato: My oh my, is our brave knight quivering at the sight of her enemy?
Chris: I-It is not like that, and you know it!
Yamato: What are you saying? One minute ago you called yourself a knight, and now--
Chris: I do not care, just kill it, kill it, kill it!
Yamato: A-All right, I will.
*She'd snapped at me.*
Yamato: I guess we have no choice. And by we I mean Capt.
Shouichi: Me? Well, sure I guess.
Chris: Wah! While you two are busy talking, that *thing* is rustling!
Shouichi: Right, let's go. I got me my trusty rolled-up magazine and am ready for action.
Chris: M-Mar-san! The black pest is on the loose!
Margit: ......
Chris: Mar-san?
Shouichi: Terah! Flyin' Chop!
Shouichi: Yay, score one for the good guys! That's three experience points in the bag!
Yamato: But I'm worried he won't be the last of them. What if his brother comes seeking vengeance?
Miyako: I'll set up some roach hotels. They can check in, but they can never leave.
Chris: What's wrong, Mar-san?
Margit: ...Frau Chris, I need to harden my heart.
Chris: What for?
Margit: ......I cannot say.
Chris: Mar-san... Please. Tell me.
Margit: I received new, confidential orders from the Lieutenant General.
Chris: From Father? What were they?
Margit: That is confidential, Frau Chris. I cannot say.
Yamato: (When it comes to this, she's a true soldier. She won't back down.)
Chris: Mar-san... (She looked up at her with puppy-dog eyes.)
Margit: ...Mmph. Ahem. Very well. I shall tell you.
Yamato: (Hey, what happened to the whole confidential bit?!)
Margit: My orders are to duel you and determine the capacity of your strength. They come from the Lieutenant General himself.
Chris: Father said such a thing? But why?
Margit: He seeks to determine if you have the fortitude to harness your talents even in a foreign land, and to see if your skills have surpassed mine.
Margit: Given that our classes are opposed, this was an opportunity to do so.
Margit: And then came the Kawakami Campaign.
Chris: I see! Yes, we are to fight Class S this weekend.
Margit: Hence why I must harden my heart.
Margit: Frau Chris, I shall show no mercy come the Campaign.
Chris: ...Then this is to be my trial!
Chris: Good! I accept the challenge, Mar-san! I will prove my strength so thoroughly that he will have to be relieved!
Margit: You have become an amazing woman.
Chris: I know. I will break straight through this deathly trial!
Miyako: ...Where do I even start?
Yamato: Well, if this causes her to give 110% during the Campaign, I'm all for it.
Tadakatsu: Right, that's this weekend, ain't it? But this smells like nothin' if not fishy.
Tadakatsu: ...Makes me almost start hopin' for rain.
*The Sports Festival was today, and the skies were obnoxiously clear.*
*We blazed through the program.*
*--The freshmen borrowing race.*
Yukie: Now, I wonder what it's going to say?!
*'A Friend'*
Yukie: Auauauau... Whoever set this up is so cruel.
Yukie: I'll have to go visit Capt-san or one of the others.
Yukie: But they're so far away.
Matsukaze: Yo, Mayucchi, my girl, ya got me right here.
Yukie: Oh, you're right!
Matsukaze: They shoulda thought twice before they left out what species the friend's gotta be.
Yukie: Then we're good to go! Okay!
History Teacher: Maro shall be your judge, no? Show me.
Yukie: Here you go!
History Teacher: A friend? Maro sees no friend.
Matsukaze: Heya! It's a me-a!
History Teacher: You think this is a joke, yes?!
Yukie: Wh-Why are you angry at me?!
*We blazed through the program.*
*In the teachers' race, first place went to Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: Did you see that, students?!
Kyojin: That was amazing, Ms. Kojima. Even if you didn't have to run against Lu.
History Teacher: Ms. K-Kojima is yet in her twenties, yes...
*And finally...*
Momoyo: Now, it's time for the Kawakami Campaign!
Momoyo: On the mic is that familiar voice from the afternoon broadcasts, Kawakami Momoyo...
Lu: Along with myself, Lu, providing color commentary.
*The students packing the grounds, let out a cheer.*
Spectator A: Whoa! At long last, it's the ultimate battle!
Spectator B: It's the 2-F good-for-nothings versus the 2-S elites.
Spectator C: I've been looking forward to this all day! It's gonna be fucking A-class!
Tesshin: Then let's begin the explanation!
Tesshin: There will be five rounds. No more, no less.
Tesshin: Lots will be drawn to determine the events.
Tesshin: The first round's theme is athletic ability. Four may participate.
Tesshin: In this box there's slips of paper with various events that fall under our theme.
Tesshin: You will compete in the drawn event.
Tesshin: Furthermore, any given student can participate only once!
Tesshin: Choose your members carefully.
Tesshin: By the way, the second match's theme is cuteness, with one player per team.
Tesshin: The third is beauty. Another solo match.
Tesshin: The theme of the fourth match is intelligence and playfulness. Again, solo.
Tesshin: The theme of the fifth match is intelligence and martial strength, and five will compete!
Tesshin: And each match will be followed with a selection, of course.
Tesshin: The selected student will from that moment henceforth be a member of the other class.
Spectator A: There's nothing more severe than that!
Spectator B: I'm on pins and needles just watching!
Tesshin: Then I shall draw the first event. What will it be...?
Tesshin: I myself would enjoy a round of death-seven darts, but... Mmngh!
Tesshin: Here it is: Super Cavalry Battle! Now, choose your players!
Yamato: 'Super' how? ...I've got a bad feeling about this.
Kazuko: Yes yes! Pick me!
Kazuko: As the captain of the van, leave this to me!
Chika: Well, I'm obviously best suited for the beauty contest in the third round.
Haguro: Then I'm so gonna be the cutie in the second. Easy-peasy.
Chika: Uh, this totally seems more like your moment. You're pretty decent at sports.
Haguro: But, like, I'm totally a cutie.
Kazuko: Anyone else?
Shouichi: Yeah, there's no way I'm not going in last! That's where things are gonna get hot!
Yamato: Same here... Chris, you should wait too.
Chris: I would think myself a fair hand at this?
Yamato: I'm not denying that, but given that you're high on brawn and decent on brains, I'd rather save you for round five.
Chris: I-I see.
Yamato: I suspect they'll be doing the same with their ace, Margit.
Chris: ......You have a point!
*We chose Minamoto Tadakatsu, Kawakami Kazuko, and two athletes besides.*
Koyuki: Wow, this looks fun!
Koyuki: I wanna be on top.
Hideo: Yes. Go, and wreak havoc.
Hideo: With you can go the star athletes of Class S.
Kazuko: Onee-sama! I'm gonna do my best!
Momoyo: Yeah! Good luck, my beloved sister!
Lu: Do try to remember what you're here for, Momoyo.
Tesshin: This is a cavalry race. The first team to reach the goal wins.
Tesshin: By the way, each team can attack the other. However, none may begin the contest armed. You will mostly be fighting empty handed.
Tesshin: Each team's formation is allowed to collapse once, provided they can reform in five seconds. However, you must cross the finish line in cavalry formation.
Tesshin: A second breakdown spells immediate loss.
Momoyo: That leaves a big chance they'll abandon the race and fight on the spot!
Tesshin: And so I've prepared a bonus at the midpoint of the track.
History Teacher: Maro stands here with a kusarigama, yes.
History Teacher: The blade is dulled, but the weight will still hurt.
History Teacher: ...Such a barbaric weapon, no?
Momoyo: Now, both teams have chosen and lifted up their jockeys!
Kazuko: Thanks so much, Ta-chan. (She was our jockey.)
Koyuki: Ahaha, I'm way up high! And Koyuki was theirs.
Tesshin: Begin!
Momoyo: Okay, both teams started out at the same time--
Momoyo: But Class S is overwhelmingly fast! Their team just outclasses Class F's!
Kazuko: Wah! They're leaving us in the dust?
Tadakatsu: Each and every one of them's got chops. Figures, from Class S.
Tadakatsu: They got us way outgunned...
Kazuko: What do we do, Ta-chan?
Tadakatsu: Look, they spun around.
Tadakatsu: Looks like they're more interested in crushin' us than winnin' clean.
Momoyo: Class S spun around! They're charging straight at Class F!
Jun: Yuki, you're having too much fun out there... You could've already won, with that lead.
Kazuko: You wanna fight? Well, I'm game!
Tadakatsu: Calm it, Kazuko. Ain't no way we'd win that clash.
Kazuko: Then do you have a better idea? They're coming!
Tadakatsu: Just follow my lead... Got it?
Momoyo: They're running straight at each other -- Is someone gonna chicken out, or...?!
Tadakatsu: Scatter!
*The Class F cavalry split off, Kazuko rolling onto the ground.*
*Leaving their foes without the target they'd aimed for.*
Tadakatsu: Five! Right guys -- Four! -- Dash forward fast as you can -- Three!
*Everyone ran on their own feet, without the burden of carrying Kazuko.*
Tadakatsu: Two -- Back together -- One!
*Kazuko hopped herself back up, and they were back in formation.*
Tadakatsu: Zero! We're in the clear!
Momoyo: They broke up on their own and went off for the races -- not a bad plan!
Touma: Quite brilliant. However, that would be the first and only time they can do it.
Koyuki: Well I'll just zip up to them in no time anyways!
Tadakatsu: Yeah, it ain't likely to take you much time at all...
Kazuko: The kusarigama's mine! Give me one sec, and I'm ready to fight!
Tadakatsu: We don't need nothin' more than that weapon.
Momoyo: That gives Class F an overwhelming advantage!
Kazuko: Time to hit you with the heavy end! Seyah!
*Kazuko whirled it around with amazing speed.*
Koyuki: I'm gonna use the midpoint bonus too!
History Teacher: Huh?
Kazuko: Kawakami Kazuko's Original Ultimate: Slingshot!
Koyuki: Eigh! (She lifted the teacher up.)
History Teacher: Wh-Wh-What?! What are you doing--
NYOUGH!
Kazuko: Whoa... You blocked me by using him as a shield?!
Lu: Hmm. I suppose he was in fact to be found at the midpoint.
Tesshin: We do try to encourage our students to think outside the box.
Momoyo: Looks like our referees are giving the human shield tactic their OK!
Koyuki: Guess who grabbed your weapon!
Kazuko: Let go!
Koyuki: No! It's mine now! Mine!
Kazuko: Nnnnngh! Since when are you that strong?!
Momoyo: The two jockeys are in a tug-of-war over the kusarigama!
Kazuko: There's no way you'll take it from me! Three, two, one, pull!
Koyuki: You know what? I don't want it anyways.
Kazuko: Dwah! Don't surprise me like that!
Tadakatsu: Ah... Dammit, you idiot!
Momoyo: Wanko falls! And that means the match is over!
Kokoro: Sayonara, Class F. Hoh hoh hoh.
Azumi: It's always good to start off with an easy victory
Touma: And Yuki managed to have her fun. I couldn't have asked for more.
Gakuto: Hey, hey, hey. Gen and Wanko got trashed.
Shouichi: Good. I was hoping they wouldn't be pushovers!
Yamato: Is this really the time to be talking smack, Capt?
Yamato: That loss means Class S gets to take one of ours.
Shouichi: Right, forgot all about that part.
Tesshin: Now, Class S! Who will you choose?
Chika: They're totally going to pick me... This is goodbye, Mayo.
Mayo: Yes, because I know they're going to choose me.
Chika: As if. It's me, and I know it.
Mayo: No, no, I know they'll choose--
Haguro: I'm gonna be your sex slave, your cum dumpster? I better start warmin' up my tongue. *lick*
Ikurou: Man, why do I feel 100% safe right now?
Takuya: I know what you mean. I'm relaxed too, since there's no way they'd pick me.
Suguru: Though I would love to be saved from the torturous mewling of that dumb Blondie, that would mean suffering proof of her popularity. Curses!
Mitsuru: Wouldn't it be Kazama-kun? I mean, he's such a nice guy.
Touma: Then ladies and gentlemen, may I assume there are no objections to proceeding according to plan?
Hideo: Well, so be it. We leave this to you, Our friend.
Touma: We would like to take...
Kazuko: *gulp* ...
Chris: ......
Touma: Naoe Yamato-kun.
Yamato: What?
Momoyo: Whoa! Class S with the shocking choice nobody saw coming!
Touma: I do not doubt you have an intellect worthy of Class S.
Touma: Coupled with your competitive drive, I do not doubt you will find a place here.
Yamato: It sounds like they're not joking... Oh well. Rules are rules.
Miyako: Yamato... Don't worry. I'll earn my way into Class 2-S too.
Yamato: Uh, how about you just win me back instead?
Hideo: Mwahaha! Here comes Naoe Yamato to Class 2-S!
Touma: Yamato-kun, come here. Heheh. Please, take my hand.
Momoyo: Yamato's transferred from Class F to Class S!
Takuya: W-We gotta get him back, no matter what!
Takuya: We can do it! I'll do whatever I can to helped!
Miyako: Moro...
Yamato: You seriously chose me, huh?
Touma: I cannot wait to get to know you better.
*I decided to...*
Act excited
Act dismissive
Yamato: Yeah, same to you.
Yamato: Well, it's not like I'll be here long.
Touma: Heheheh. I must say I simply love your expression just now.
Yamato: (Hurry up and save me!)
Kokoro: We bid you welcome, Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: Huh? You're not treating me like a monkey?
Kokoro: You are no longer a member of the lower class. That changes things.
Kokoro: I see no reason why, as fellow chosen, that we should not get along.
Kokoro: Though of course, it is still your place to worship me.
Azumi: Here's some welcoming tea.
Koyuki: Here, have a marshmallow!
Yamato: Th-Thanks?
*They gave me a warm reception.*
Tesshin: Now, let's dive into round 2!
Tesshin: The theme is cuteness! But what's the event? Oh, what could it be?
Tesshin: It's...... a drag show!
Chika: A-A drag show?!
Azumi: Aoi-kun would be the perfect fit
Touma: I may find myself in love with boys and girls alike, but ever as a boy.
Touma: I would not consider myself a switch hitter, if you will.
Kokoro: What a strange thing to be picky about.
Touma: I will let someone else have the honor. Yamato-kun, perhaps you would do it?
Yamato: Gimme a break... I don't want to go through that, even if I'd throw the match anyways.
Class 2-S Student: Fine... I, the Harry Potbelly lookalike, will go.
Takuya: Wh-Who can we even send for this one?
Gakuto: Hey, hey. That's a stupid question, Moro.
Takuya: Huh?
Ikurou: We have you here for times like this, right?
Takuya: Huh? Th-There's no way I can win!
Gakuto: Nah! This might be strange comin' from me, but believe in the me that believes in you!
Takuya: Why would I do that?!
Gakuto: Back in middle school, I'd get a boner whenever I caught a glimpse of your feminine skin.
Takuya: Why'd I have to ask?!
Umeko: This probably isn't my place to say, as your teacher...
Umeko: But I believe in Morooka as well, yes.
Takuya: You do?!
Chika: Hmm... Now that I take a closer look, maybe you could pull it off.
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah! Moro, you can do it!
Miyako: I'll make you absolutely adorable. Heh heh heh.
Chris: You can count on us!
Shouichi: You heard the ladies, Moro! So c'mon, man! You said you'd do whatever you could, and this here's what you can!
Takuya: Oooh... Me and my big mouth...
Takuya: But this might be the only way to win Yamato back.
Takuya: All right, I'll do it! I'll get Yamato back!
Gakuto: Good. Be a womanly man!
Ikurou: You got it wrong -- he needs to be a manly woman!
Takuya: Oh, geez! I'm just going to go!
Momoyo: Then allow me to explain the rules. You have one hour to ready yourselves.
Momoyo: The audience will judge which of you makes for the cuter girl.
Momoyo: Only the crossdressing boys count as participants. Anyone in your class can help pretty up a boy and still join another event.
Chika: Mm-hm! Then leave this to us.
Chris: Come this way, Moro!
Takuya: Chris, I think you're enjoying this a bit too much...
Momoyo: We'll take a short break while they get ready.
Momoyo: While we wait, the Mantra Club will entertain us with a brief talk!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Oh my goodness, Kawakami-kun. You're going to work me to the bone...
*--An hour later.*
Club Captain Kyougoku: Perhaps we should consider the teachings instilled by our parents to be a mantra in its own right, another curse that binds you to yourself.
Club Captain Kyougoku: As precious as those may be, to be imprisoned should be avoided. Please strive to be flexible. Thank you for listening to my talk.
Momoyo: ...Now it's the event you've all been waiting for. The Drag Show!
Momoyo: We'll start with 2-S! Come on, cutie!
*He arrived to find...*
Momoyo: Oh, that's a cold reaction from our audience!
Class 2-S Student: Kh. Why couldn't the girls make up their mind on the makeup direction?
Azumi: My, my. That's not an excuse, is it? 
Margit: There was not much to work with.
Kokoro: Indeed. A shame that we chose him, when we had someone much more suitable.
Shouichi: ...Class S doesn't got a clue on how to come together. Maybe that's their weakness.
Momoyo: Now for 2-F! Come on, Morooka Takuyo-chan!
Momoyo: Hmm? Is he embarrassed? Oh, here he comes--
Takuyo: This really is embarrassing.
Momoyo: A roar of approval! A clear victory for Class F!
Takuyo: Huh? I-I won?!
Takuyo: They're cheering? For me? That's never happened before...
Takuyo: I-I'm feeling chills? What does this mean?
Takuyo: At any rate, I should head over to Gakuto...
Gakuto: Hey, Moro.
Ikurou: Yo, Moro.
Takuyo: Wh-Why are you smiling at me like...?
Gakuto: Maybe you could dress up like that, just from time to time?
Ikurou: Yeah, you're dazzling. (He snapped some photos.)
Takuyo: My gosh, quit it...
Chika: You're a waste as a boy. Like, you could easily beat Haguro.
Haguro: Fuck you, Chikarin! Wanna take this outside? It'll rain blood so strong the weather service won't know what hit 'em!
Tesshin: Now choose, Class F! Name who you'll take!
Chika: Then let's go with Aoi Touma! Let's get some payback!
Haguro: I'm down for that! Get fucked, Class S!
Yamato: HEEEEYYYYYYYYY!
Chika: Don't worry. We'll save you next round.
Yamato: You're supposed to start with me! Haven't you ever seen a movie? You start by saving your friends!
Chika: But like, with you as a hostage, the Kazama Family are totally motivated.
Shouichi: Having a damsel in distress sure makes me fired up, I gotta give her that.
Shouichi: There's no way I'll let you down!
Yamato: You're letting me down right now! God dammit...
Touma: Goodness me. Myself, in 2-F?
Momoyo: This time, Aoi Touma gets sent to Class F! And it's time for round 3!
Tesshin: The theme this time is beauty! Let's see...
Tesshin: Ooh la la! A swimsuit contest!!!
Takuya: It's the draw of destiny!
Miyako: You really like that word, don't you?
Tesshin: ...A men's swimsuit contest. One-on-one.
Ikurou: Don't mess with us! You can't make our hearts race and then take that away!
Tesshin: How do you think I feel?!
*The old man snapping in anger made the crowd fall silent.*
Tesshin: This is a contest of male beauty. Send your representatives forwards.
Suguru: What is the meaning of this? Tell me, who? Who benefits from such a match?
Haguro: Ripped muscles, eh? Not bad. *slurp*
Suguru: Oh, of course real women would enjoy this farce. Curses...
Class E Student: Whew, this is can't-miss action. A feast for the eyes.
Class E Student 2: Yeah. A face-off between two good men is a good match.
Suguru: ...And even some men find bliss in this? Ugh.
Shouichi: So, who're we gonna go with?
Gakuto: There's only one person in this class worthy of callin' handsome -- me!
Hideo: Mwahaha! We of course will go!
Azumi: You are the ultimate beauty, Hideo-sama! I'm certain you'll win!
Hideo: Indeed, We cannot even fathom the possibility of defeat.
Tesshin: Then let the match begin!
*The boys, having changed into swimsuits, strutted in front of the crowd.*
Koyuki: Yep, still that flashy swimsuit.
Jun: Heck, he could flash someone in that. It's just fundoshi underwear.
*The opinion of the crowd was evenly divided.*
*Their choice was between the robust and muscular Gakuto...*
*And the balanced beauty of Hideo.*
Hideo: Heh. The match remains unsettled, then?
Hideo: Then behold the perfection of Our beauty.
Gakuto: Huh?
Hideo: Our statuesque beauty rivals that of Michelangelo's David.
Hideo: Behold 100% of We, bereft of fiction.
*Kuki Hideo laid his hand on the loincloth.*
Hideo: We... Will... Strip!
Yamato: He's actually gonna do it! Close your eyes!
Jun: Yuki, let's compete to see who can close their eyes the longest!
Koyuki: Yay yay! Game time! Ready, start!
Tadakatsu: Fuckin'... (He closed Wanko's eyes.)
Kazuko: Huh? What? I can't see, Ta-chan.
Momoyo: I can't deal with this right after lunch. (She closed her eyes.)
Miyako: As if I'd want to see anyone's besides Yamato's. (She closed her eyes.)
Miyako: Chris, close yours too.
Chris: ... (She was clueless, but closed her eyes.)
Yukie: Huh? ...H-He's baring it all?!
Club Captain Kyougoku: You too would be best off not to look. (He covered her eyes with his fan.)
Mayo: Let's close our eyes, Chika-chan!
Chika: Uhh, umm, I'm kinda curiosity, so...
Mayo: No, no, no! You're a good girl, and good girls don't look at that sort of thing!
Kokoro: Nothing is more filthy than a man's crotch. (She closed her eyes.)
Margit: I am willing to look at it, for future reference.
Kyojin: Nope, nope. I'm the teacher, and I say you ladies need to cover your eyes.
Margit: ...Roger.
Hideo: This... Is the ultimate beauty!
Lu: He bares it all! He actually did it!
Haguro: It's huge! Ginormous! Hung as a horse!
Class E Student: ...How gorgeous... It's such a shame he's straight.
Ikurou: It's like something out of an American porno!
Suguru: Rarely do I see ones of that girth in eroge.
Umeko: --They're... They're that big, on a man...?!
Umeko: My... My goodness...
Gakuto: I-Impossible... It's too big. Too magnificent.
Gakuto: If mine's a bazooka, his is a nuclear missile!
Gakuto: I... lose. Only a monster carries a 25-centimeter flaccid sword.
Tesshin: Gakuto throws in the towel! Kuki Hideo takes the match!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! You have born witness to Our manliness!
*A manliness that had sent most of the guys there into despair.*
*Despair at how gorgeous the truly rich could be.*
Lu: Kuki Hideo has already put his clothes back on.
Kazuko: ...Huh? Why do all the boys looks so sad?
Tadakatsu: Don't even ask.
Kazuko: Wait. Then why are you smiling?
Tadakatsu: 'Cause even though I lost, it wasn't by much.
Kazuko: ......?
Tesshin: Now, Class S. Make your decision of whom to choose.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. Must you even ask? Aoi Touma shall return to us!
Yamato: Yeah. You would choose him. Because you guys aren't insane.
Touma: Though our time together was short, I must say I enjoyed every second of your company.
Chika: Aww... All that work to score a stud, and now he's gone!
Tesshin: On to round four: Intelligence and Playfulness.
Tesshin: You will compete in... a VN!
Chika: Whoa, a game? And it's one of those dating sims?
Mayo: ...But that means...
Suguru: That this shall be my task to bear.
Ikurou: S-Suguru!
Suguru: In VNs I cannot lose. Naoe Yamato, I will bring you back.
Kokoro: Vee-En? Is this one of those things with those beeps and boops?
Azumi: There must be someone here familiar with those.
Jun: Interesting... I'll go.
Margit: Have you ever played a VN?
Jun: Sure, I guess. I try to 100% every game in the Hajimete series.
Tesshin: Both players, come forward!
Spectator A: A VN face-off... I've definitely never seen anything like this, I'll say that much.
Spectator B: How in the world does this work?
Tesshin: You'll choose one of the games lying there.
Tesshin: The first person to clear a heroine's route wins.
Gakuto: Hey Suguru, can you handle this?
Suguru: I've got this. The games here are ones that any true enthusiast of the genre has played to death.
Jun: How about Kono Aozora ni Yakusoku wo?
Suguru: Hmph... Giga, then? An interesting choice, I must say.
Suguru: Yet I place my hopes in you, 'Autumn'!
Jun: Oh, the new masterpiece.
Suguru: Well? It does have one of your beloved lolis.
Jun: Sounds fun. Let's do it. Just you wait -- I'll clear her before you've even installed.
Tesshin: The contestants have settled on the game 'Autumn'!
*It was a run-of-the-mill school life love comedy.*
Tesshin: Press start in three, two, one, go!
Jun: Hmph... First, the prologue.
Suguru: Yeah. If we're not allowed to skip, then I will enjoy these moments.
Kokoro: Are they supposed to be just sitting there and clicking through?
Touma: Yes. Choices will come up in a little bit, and from there the story branches.
Kokoro: Oh? I had no idea it was such a developed subculture.
Jun: (You idiot. This game's loli is the perfect girl. You can clear her route while making the fewest choices.)
Jun: (I'm taking the shortest route. No way you can win!)
Suguru: At this choice we select... this one.
Jun: You're spending a ton of time with your work senpai.
Suguru: Sure am.
Jun: (You idiot. She doesn't even have a route.)
Jun: (And I know, because I 100% cleared the game.)
Jun: (Besides, it turns out she's the main character's sister by blood. Of course she's off-limits.)
Suguru: I know what you're thinking. You think this girl doesn't have a route.
Suguru: But I'm afraid you're mistaken.
Jun: Wah? I don't get it. Your choices make absolutely no sense.
Suguru: Just wait until I select this choice here...
Suguru: Then once I make this final choice, we get...
Senpai: I... I love you.
Jun: What?! Impossible. I've never seen this event!
Suguru: This is a phantom route. When the producer learned you could romance your sister, the fools sought to kill the route.
Suguru: Yet they were so close to the release date that the data yet remains.
Suguru: They believed all the flags for the route had been eliminated, but one route through a maze of choices will yet reach this neglected heroine.
Jun: ...There's nothing about that online.
Suguru: What you know of the Internet is but its shallowest waters.
Suguru: And you never will, lest you do as I do and spend entire days glued to your monitor.
*The credits began to play. He had cleared a route, technically.*
Tesshin: Class F wins!
Shouichi: Sweet! Nice going out there, Suguru!
Jun: ...I... lost... What are VNs to you?
Suguru: My life, of course.
Tesshin: So, who will Class F name?
Miyako: I want to choose Yamato...
Miyako: If nobody objects?
Chika: Y-Yeah... I don't want to be on your bad side.
Suguru: We will need his might in the fifth round. Summon him, naturally.
Miyako: We choose my soulmate.
Yamato: Could you please do it in a way that doesn't make me want to stay here?!
Tesshin: All right! We have a tight match, 2 to 2!
Tesshin: Everything comes down to round five!
Tesshin: You will compete in... Ah! This will be incredible!
Tesshin: A Real PK Battle!
Tesshin: Now make your choices. Choose those with intelligence, those with martial strength...
Tesshin: Or those with both -- the heroes!
Yamato: Could you explain what sort of game it is?
Tesshin: I will explain after you've chosen your teams.
Yamato: Again you're saving the explanation for after we choose... Argh. I have no idea what's coming.
Yamato: A PK battle make me think soccer, but...
Tesshin: It can stand for penalty kick, yes... Or for player killer.
Yamato: Seriously?!
Tesshin: This will be a fierce battle unlike the previous four.
Tesshin: There is a strong risk of the girls being injured too. Choose wisely.
Shouichi: Well, this party's not getting started without me here.
Ikurou: K-Kazamaaaaa!
Chris: And of course I shall accompany him.
Ikurou: Ch-Chriiiiisssss!
Yamato: And if we need brains, I'll have to go too.
Ikurou: Y-Yamatoooooo!
Mayo: I'm smart too, so I'll help out there as well.
Ikurou: C-Class Reeeeeep!
Shouichi: There's one slot left. Who's gonna be the last one?
Miyako: If Yamato's participating... Then I'll go too.
Ikurou: Sh-Shiinaaaaa!
Momoyo: All right, it looks like both classes have finished choosing their teams!
Momoyo: Let me introduce both sides!
Momoyo: From Class S, Aoi Touma!
Yamato: (I knew you'd come. You're my target.)
Momoyo: Margit!
Chris: (Mar-san... Today, we are enemies!)
Momoyo: Fushikawa Kokoro!
Shouichi: (The girl who's always treating us like we're a bunch of idiots? There's no way I'm losing to her.)
Momoyo: Oshitari Azumi.
Miyako: (I'll do this, for Yamato.)
Momoyo: Nakamura Tooru!
Mayo: (I'll muster all the wisdom I have.)
Momoyo: And from Class F, Naoe Yamato!
Touma: (Oh Yamato-kun, how I have waited for this moment.)
Momoyo: Chris!
Margit: (Frau Chris, I will show no mercy.)
Momoyo: Kazama Shouichi!
Kokoro: (His impertinence makes the rest of his class look almost docile. I will make him cry.)
Momoyo: Shiina Miyako.
Azumi: (I'll do my best for Hideo-sama)
Momoyo: Amakasu Mayo!
Nakamura: (I'll fight both to win and to have a moment I'll remember forever.)
Tesshin: The kicker will be the attacker, and the keeper will defend against the kick!
Tesshin: The kicker can directly kick the keeper once.
Tesshin: If they fall, or if their knee touches the ground, it's a goal.
Tesshin: If they keep their footing, it's a no goal.
Tesshin: Both sides will alternate over the course of one turn.
Tesshin: After five turns, the team with the most goals wins.
Tesshin: That gives each side five chances to score, and five times they'll need to defend.
Yamato: That's so violent...
Chris: In short, would this not be an endurance contest?
Mayo: Wh-What does intelligence have to do with this?
Tesshin: I'm only halfway through my explanation.
Tesshin: Next, look at the board. For the attackers, it lists positions for negotiator and kicker.
Tesshin: For defense, it lists negotiator and keeper.
Tesshin: These negotiators are the key to the battle of wits.
Tesshin: Each of your armies will be provided 100 points.
Tesshin: First, before the kick, the negotiators will simultaneously reveal the number of points they'll wager.
Tesshin: If the attackers wagered more points than the defense, they can attack.
Tesshin: But on the other hand, if they wager less, they cannot even attack. The PK will fail by default.
Tesshin: You're free to use points however you wish, but you will not earn any more. Use 20 on the first round and you'll have 80 for the rest of the match.
Yamato: So we can't attack unless we offer more points than our foes...
Tesshin: What if the points wagered are the same, you ask?
Tesshin: Then the four people on the field will engage in a free-for-all melee for one minute.
Tesshin: If the attackers can defeat both of the defenders, they win. But, the defense can win outright as well.
Tesshin: Finally, the negotiators, kickers, and even the keepers...
Tesshin: Will be chosen randomly each round.
Tesshin: In other words, Amakasu Mayo may be your keeper.
Mayo: Huh?!
Tesshin: In which case the defense may have to spend a large quantity of points to defend her.
Tesshin: Why? Because if the randomly-chosen participants are unable to battle, they will lose by default.
Tesshin: If on attack, your kick fails, if on defense, you automatically allow a goal.
Tesshin: There are no substitutes.
Tesshin: ...That is the full extent of the rules. Oh, and no weapons.
*A stir ran straight through the crowd.*
Spectator A: A real PK battle... What sort of sadist comes up with this stuff?
Spectator B: The trick is how you use those 100 points.
Spectator C: Fucking... How the hell is this gonna turn out?!
Tesshin: Then let's give it a try! First turn!
Tesshin: Class S has the first attack! Now, to randomly choose the participants!
Momoyo: You can see the names cycling through on the slots! And it looks like they've settled on...
Momoyo: Fushikawa Kokoro will negotiate for kicker Oshitari Azumi!
Lu: That's a vicious kicker! She's up against...
Momoyo: Naoe Yamato negotiating for Amakasu Mayo!
Chika: Whoa, you're putting her there in round 1?!
Yamato: ...This is pretty much the worst outcome.
Mayo: Awawawa. Are they going to kick me?
Yamato: That's what I'm here for, as your negotiator. Leave this to me.
Momoyo: Right, the negotiators have stepped forward.
Kokoro: There's a chance for an early lead. Our lead.
Yamato: Yeah, this isn't the start I was hoping for.
Kokoro: Well, I can be merciful. I'll give you a handicap.
Yamato: Oh?
Kokoro: I am going to bid five points.
Yamato: Why are you telling me this?
Kokoro: That information is your round one handicap.
Kokoro: An easy victory would not be very enjoyable, wouldn't you say?
Yamato: A handicap, eh? Well, thanks.
Yamato: I'll happily accept it, but...
Yamato: In the end, we're going to be on top.
Kokoro: That is some cheek you have.
*But this really was lifesaving...*
*Knowing how many points she would wager.*
Shouichi: Weren't the two of them talking about something out there?
Miyako: Mm-hm, but I couldn't hear a thing. Only they could.
Momoyo: As I speak, the negotiators are typing their bids onto their laptops.
Tesshin: So first, we'll present Fushikawa's wager.
Momoyo: 6! Fushikawa Kokoro wagered 6 points!
Yamato: What?! You didn't wager 5?!
Kokoro: Hohoho, you fool! Did you actually think I would give you a handicap?
Kokoro: We'll enter battle time, and then we will publicly execute you both!
Momoyo: Next, we'll present Naoe Yamato and the defense's wager!
Tesshin: 7! No attack. The PK fails.
Kokoro: What?! But it should have been 6, one more than 5!
Spectator A: Wow... A one-point defense! Damn!
Spectator B: I know it has to be a coincidence, but that's huge!
Yamato: Whoops, sorry. I punched in the wrong number.
Yamato: I honestly believed you would never be so mean as to enter 6. Man, what a typo.
Yamato: So I'm still good for the handicap next time, right?
Kokoro: Y-Y-Y-You infuriating wretch!
Shouichi: Yo, sweet! You held them off!
Mayo: And we still have so many points!
Yamato: By the way, ref, I have a question!
Yamato: What happens if our scores are tied after five rounds?
Tesshin: In that case, both sides will simultaneously choose two representatives to settle the match in a no-holds-barred battle.
Touma: Hmm...
Momoyo: Now it's Class F on the attack! Start the roulette!
Momoyo: Class F's on the attack, with Amakasu Mayo as negotiator and Shiina Miyako as kicker!
Lu: Though an archer, her melee skills are nothing to scoff at!
Momoyo: Margit's negotiating on defense, and Nakamura Tooru's the keeper!
Spectator A: Nakamura -- isn't he the Tennis Club ace?
Spectator B: I hear his grades have been in a slump lately, but that he's still strong in a fight.
Mayo: Th-Then I'll go do my best!
Yamato: Class Rep, you're up against a methodical soldier.
Yamato: She'll probably utilize the balance theory.
Mayo: Yes, given that we are tied and in the opening stages. I thought the same thing.
Yamato: Margit knows how strong Miyako is. She'll want to avoid the PK.
Mayo: Please leave this to me.
Yamato: Miyako, I'm counting on you.
Miyako: ...You're counting on me? I can feel my heart racing... You have nothing to worry about.
Momoyo: Okay, both sides are typing in their wagers!
Margit: (Shiina is strong. Better that we prevent her PK.)
Momoyo: Then let's reveal them both: Class F, 16! Class S, 15!
Momoyo: Class F wins the right to attack! It's time for our first PK!
Spectator A: Whoa, this time they won by one point!
Spectator C: Class F never stops blowing me away!
Shouichi: What's that balance thing you two were talking about right before you sent her on out?
Yamato: So you know how, counting defense and attack, there's ten total rounds in this contest?
Yamato: That means the 100 points have to be divided ten ways.
Yamato: Which leaves us an average of 10 points per round.
Shouichi: Yeah, that'd be right about where I'd expect things to fall on average.
Chris: Agreed. Were I to be our negotiator, that would be at the forefront in my mind.
Yamato: But last round, we didn't use all 10.
Yamato: Our opponents used 6, leaving 4 to spare.
Yamato: So this time, it seemed likely they'd add those four points onto the average to get a total of 14 for their wager.
Yamato: But Margit's the type to prefer round numbers, making 15 a likely bid from her. That's why she chose 16.
Shouichi: Good thing she didn't get cocky and pick a low number for the heck of it, eh?
Yamato: Nah, that would've been fine. What I want is for us to score the first point.
Yamato: And that gets momentum on our side.
Yamato: I'm sure Class Rep wants to get that first W too.
Spectator B: But the kicker's a chick. You really think she can take out a guy?
Spectator C: You're not wrong. If she misses her kick, then it's all for nothing.
Tesshin: Then let the PK begin!
*The Class S boy stood tall, not saying a word.*
*Miyako took aim at his thigh, twisted her hips...*
Miyako: ...Haahhh!
*And slammed the full force of her body against him with a roundhouse kick.*
Nakamura: Gh...?! Ugh...
*His leg crumpled under him, as if he'd lost all sensation to it.*
Tesshin: Gooooaaaaaaaal!
Momoyo: Class F connects! With a beautiful roundhouse kick, Miyako delivers her class an early lead!
Kazuko: Yay! You're the best, Miyako! I knew you could do it!
Ikurou: This is why you can never count Shiina out!
Gakuto: No one could stay standin' after that, the poor guy.
Yamato: Now that changes everything.
Yamato: If we can hang onto our lead, the win is ours.
Yamato: The balance theory doesn't even matter anymore.
Kokoro: Nakamura, can you remain in the match?
Nakamura: Haha, she went right for my good leg...
Nakamura: Sorry, but I won't be any good as a kicker. But other than that, I can keep going.
Momoyo: Class S is on the attack. Can they even the score? Let's start the roulette!
Momoyo: For the attackers, it's Oshitari Azumi as negotiator and Aoi Touma as kicker.
Lu: The perfect pair -- if their roles were the other way around, that is.
Momoyo: And on defense, Shiina Miyako negotiates for the keeper, Chris!
Chika: Yes! This time, we have the advantage!
Yamato: I couldn't have asked for a better pair of kicker and keeper.
Touma: Apologies, but I do not make a habit of striking women.
Azumi: Tch, you useless prick...
Azumi: Keeping you alive while fighting 2-on-1 in the melee's a tall order too.
Azumi: Shit's not looking good.
Momoyo: Negotiators, punch in your wagers and reveal!
Momoyo: Class F, 0! Class S, 1! You may attempt a PK!
Azumi: I knew you'd save all the points you could, but this's still the best what I could hope for.
Azumi: A 0 from me would've triggered the free battle.
Tesshin: Then let the PK begin!
Chris: Go ahead, attack me from wherever you will.
Touma: In that case...
*Touma walked over to Chris...*
*And tapped his toes against her shoes.*
Chris: ...Hey.
Touma: I simply cannot bring myself to strike a woman.
Tesshin: The PK's no good! No points!
Aoi's Fan 1: Eeeek! Way to go, Touma-kun!
Aoi's Fan 2: He's just too nice! Too sweet! Too perfect!
Jun: Young Master... Well, there's no changing his nature.
Koyuki: Why couldn't I go instead? I would've been awesome! Tch.
Jun: That's the rules, so be a good girl.
Koyuki: Fiiiiine.
Momoyo: Class F's back on the attack with a lead in their pocket! Roulette: Start!
Momoyo: For the attackers, it's Amakasu Mayo negotiating for kicker Kazama Shouichi.
Lu: That's a nicely balanced team, wouldn't you say?
Momoyo: And on defense, it's Aoi Touma negotiating for keeper Fushikawa Kokoro!
Shouichi: If it's what it takes to go win a match, I'm down for hitting girls. They knew what they were signing up for.
Momoyo: Whoa there, it doesn't look like Kazama Shouichi's going to follow Aoi Touma's lead!
Touma: Best of luck to you.
Mayo: T-To you as well.
Momoyo: Okay, both sides are typing away, and it's time to reveal the wagers!
Momoyo: Class F, 0! Class S, 1! No PK!
Mayo: Ah!
Touma: Amakasu-san, you are so kind. Redirecting points from attack to defense, I trust? How freeing it must feel to mold your tactics to fit your lead.
Touma: We are now forced to do the same.
Mayo: H-He used my personality to see right through me.
Momoyo: That ends the second turn, with both teams having spent a total of 23 points!
Lu: But 2-F, with their one-goal advantage, has a decisive lead.
Momoyo: For the attackers, it's Aoi Touma negotiating for the kicker Margit!
Momoyo: That's twice in a row now that Aoi Touma is negotiating!
Lu: And theirs is another dream pairing. I'm sure he's eager to get his team the opportunity to kick.
Momoyo: Defending is Naoe Yamato negotiating for Keeper Kazama Shouichi.
Momoyo: A battle of wits between Yamato and Touma!
Momoyo: Both sides are stepping up to input their wagers!
Yamato: ...I know he must be desperate to kick here.
Yamato: I should spend all the points I need to defend.
Touma: ...May I presume that is what you were thinking, Yamato-kun?
Yamato: What?
Momoyo: Oh my... Class F, 52! Class S, 53!
Yamato: Aoi Touma, you...
Spectator A: Whoa, they both dumped their points into it!
Spectator B: Looks like it's going to get nasty!
Touma: You must do a better job of hiding your emotions.
Touma: A child could have guessed that you would, to turn a phrase, 'bet the farm'.
Yamato: (Maybe I did have a slight tell... But how would he have noticed?)
Touma: I suppose I cannot blame you for taking leave of your senses, given the risk to your friend.
Yamato: (And your expression hasn't changed one bit!)
Touma: From no one else would I expect the courage to bet what I imagined to be the upper limit.
Yamato: (You're way creepier and a bigger pain-in-the-ass than I thought.)
Tesshin: So let the PK begin!
Yamato: Capt, I'm sorry. This is gonna hurt.
Shouichi: There isn't nothing you gotta worry yourself over. I just gotta withstand one kick, and then we're all good.
Touma: This is a must-win situation, so I do hope you bring us home.
Margit: I will hold nothing back, for the first time in a long while.
*Margit took off her eyepatch.*
Margit: Seigh!
Shouichi: Gwoah!
*She swept Capt's legs out from under him.*
*His body did a full flip, she kicked him so hard, before he crashed to the ground.*
Kazuko: Ah! Capt!
Gakuto: Whoa, hey, that has to hurt. Is he all right?!
Kokoro: Hohoho, how pathetic! But that is what you deserve!
Tesshin: Goaaaaal! The game is tied!
Spectator C: Fuck, I've got no idea who's going to win anymore.
Chika: Oh my gosh, I could hear the sound of that hit from all the way over here. That had to hurt.
Shouichi: Y-Yamato... There's no resisting... a kick like that...
Yamato: Yeah... She mowed right through your legs. I'm sorry to put you through that.
Kokoro: What, no cries of grief? And I had hoped for some entertainment.
Miyako: Capt, can you stand up?
Shouichi: Y-Yeah, somehow. I'm still good to go.
Azumi: Things are going wonderfully Momentum is entirely on our side.
Touma: Betting heavily on a winning combination is the most basic of fundamentals.
Momoyo: Things are taking a dark turn for Class F! They need luck to be a lady today!
Momoyo: They have Kazama Shouichi negotiating for the kicker, Chris.
Momoyo: And on defense, it's Aoi Touma negotiating for the keeper Fushikawa Kokoro.
Momoyo: His luck just keep going! That's three straight negotiator roles for Aoi Touma!
Touma: Heheh. Half of everything is luck, as they say.
Touma: Perhaps even Lady Luck could not resist my charms.
Haguro: Wow, he, like, just implied he fucked Lady Luck?
Chika: Oh my gosh, they're both so hot -- who do I cheer for?
Suguru: As everyone who is not a dumb blondie knows, you cheer for your class!
Shouichi: Yeouch... Ts... I can handle being the negotiator out there.
Yamato: Capt, it's time to get even.
Shouichi: ...Hmm, hmm... Right, I get you.
*Capt limped his way across the pitch.*
Miyako: We have 25 points left... And they're running low too.
Yamato: There's five rounds left, so that's five per round.
Yamato: ...Normally, I'd try to be conservative, but...
Touma: (But given that expression, I am all but certain you will bet big.)
Shouichi: This, wasn't it? (He typed in his wager.)
Touma: This should do. (He typed in his own.)
Momoyo: Both sides are done typing, and...
Momoyo: Class F, 20 points! Class S, 11 points!
Touma: That is quite the commitment.
Shouichi: I'm going off of Yamato's orders, and he told me to bet big!
Yamato: Big, yes, but I never expected him to bet 20.
Shouichi: Who cares if we use all our points if we turn things around! Every instinct I have's telling me now's the time!
Miyako: So even Aoi isn't perfect on his guesses.
Yamato: This lets us get payback for last round.
Mayo: I-Isn't he thinking about next round?
Yamato: Don't worry. If we can injure Fushikawa here and now...
Yamato: They'll only have two kickers left who we need to worry about.
Yamato: Even if we're low on points, there's a good chance we can pull through.
Mayo: Th-That makes sense.
Touma: ...Your absurdity knows no bounds, does it?
Shouichi: There's just no predicting the wind.
*Capt's free spirit defied all comprehension.*
Shouichi: So Chris, it's all up to you.
Chris: I am well aware. This attack shall succeed.
Kokoro: Mmmm, simply standing here waiting to be kicked does not rest well with me.
Chris: Haaaahhhh...
Tesshin: You're good to kick! Fushikawa, stand perfectly still!
Kokoro: ...Hey! Hey, Chris!
Chris: ......?
Kokoro: Won't you kick me lightly? There is money in it for you later.
Chris: HOW DARE YOU MOCK THIS CONTEST?!
Kokoro: Aieeee!
*Chris slammed her foot into Fushikawa's stomach.*
Tesshin: She's down! Goooooaaaaal!
Momoyo: That brings the score back to 2 to 1! Class F's in the lead!
Kokoro: Ugh... It hurts... Ow, ow, ow... *sniff, hic*
Kokoro: Wah... Waaaaahhhh! Waahhhh!
Momoyo: Whoa, she's crying! Fushikawa actually broke out into tears!
Kokoro: It hurts... *sniff* it hurts so much...
Tesshin: Her heart's broken. Fushikawa Kokoro is unable to battle!
Koyuki: Whoopsie. Guess she's a bad girl.
Jun: She looks so childish even when she cries... Heheh... I've really started to appreciate her.
Koyuki: And you're an even badder boy.
Momoyo: Things are getting crazy down here! Class S has 13 points left, and F has only 5!
Momoyo: Class S has the advantage going into Turn 4! Roulette away!
Momoyo: Attacking is Nakamura Tooru negotiating for kicker Aoi Touma!
Momoyo: And on defense, we have Amakasu Mayo negotiating for keeper Naoe Yamato.
Spectator A: Whoa! The two intellectuals rolled kicker and keeper?!
Nakamura: They have 5 points left. They'll have to use them sparingly.
Nakamura: (And Touma's our kicker too, so I'll be frugal.)
Mayo: *glance*
Yamato: (Yeah. Do it, just like we planned.)
Momoyo: Both sides are done! Class S wagers 4 points! Versus...
Momoyo: Wow, four points from Class F too! It's free battle time!
Nakamura: What?! They spent four points all at once?!
Spectator A: Wow! F's already left with just 1 point!
Spectator B: I can't believe they're that reckless! They really are good-for-nothings.
Tesshin: Let the one-minute free battle begin!
Touma: A question, judge: May I assume that we must defeat both foes?
Tesshin: Precisely.
Yamato: Whew. Class Rep, let's keep our distance for the full minute.
Yamato: Just run away if that Nakamura guy heads towards us.
Mayo: Yes, I'll do my best to escape!
Momoyo: Whoa! There's not nearly enough battling in this battle!
Nakamura: The kick I suffered means I can't run. So if they flee, that's that.
Touma: Whereas I am of course not one to strike girls... A brilliant checkmate.
Nakamura: What if you just took out Naoe Yamato?
Touma: And how do you suppose I would accomplish that?
Nakamura: No, guess you can't... Well, with me here, they can't go after you either.
Momoyo: The attack ends with neither side able to find an advantage! No goal!
Shouichi: Blowing all of our points was a huge roll of the dice, but...
Shouichi: Heheh, the luck of the draw saved us in the end. All's good.
Yamato: We rolled a 20, yeah. Though we still have to get lucky one last time.
Momoyo: Class F's on the attack, with Shiina Miyako negotiating for kicker Chris.
Momoyo: And from Class S, Aoi Touma's negotiating for keeper Oshitari Azumi.
Lu: Normally this would be an exciting match, but...
Momoyo: The wagers are up, and it's 2 for S, and 0 for F!
Tesshin: The defenders wagered more points, so the PK fails!
Touma: ...Dead rubber, if you will.
Momoyo: Right, it's finally time for the fifth and final turn!
Shouichi: With Fushikawa out, victory's ours if her name comes up.
Yamato: We'll still win if Aoi or the injured Nakamura is the kicker. It'd make this a quest transgressed with success, so to speak.
Shouichi: I know you got my back, roulette! Give us Fushikawa!
Momoyo: Class S has Nakamura Tooru negotiating for the kicker Margit!
Shouichi: Ugh. Should've known things wouldn't be that easy.
Yamato: Heck, this is the worst draw we could've gotten.
Momoyo: While defending for class F is Amakasu Mayo negotiating for Shiina Miyako!
Yamato: Miyako, I'm sorry... It looks like you're stuck with the worst luck possible.
Miyako: It's fine. I'll be back soon.
Chris: I can almost imagine Miyako withstanding the blow, but...
Shouichi: She probably doesn't have a shot in high heaven. This isn't a question of hanging in there.
Momoyo: Class S wagers 2, Class F 0! It's a PK!
Margit: I will take off my eyepatch. Only with all of my strength can I win.
Margit: Here I go... Hah!
Miyako: Kh!
*The kick crashed against Miyako's leg.*
*Sweeping it clean out from under her.*
Tesshin: Gooooaaaaallll!
Momoyo: Another amazing kick!
Lu: I would've been hard-pressed myself not to fall to my knees from that.
Miyako: Oww... I'm sorry, It was too much. Yamato, could you rub it?
Yamato: I'm sorry. This only happened because I spent so many points in the mid-game.
Yamato: Ref, we need a brief timeout!
Tesshin: Well, we will wait while you tend to her.
Yamato: It was too big of a gamble... *massage*
Miyako: It's fine... Just please, keep massaging my leg for a little while.
Yamato: No problem... *massage*
*.........*
Tesshin: All right, let the match continue!
*Next was our turn to attack. If Fushikawa's name came up, victory was ours.*
Momoyo: On attack is Chris negotiating for the kicker Kazama Shouichi.
Momoyo: For defense, it's Oshitari Azumi negotiating for keeper Aoi Touma.
Tesshin: That's 2 for Class S, 1 for Class F. Not enough points, so the PK fails!
Yamato: This one looks like a throwaway match... which means... *massage*
Miyako: Ahh... Yamato. Just a little higher... and in more of a fondling motion.
Tesshin: The result is 2-2, which means--yes!
Tesshin: Both sides will choose representatives to participate in a free-for-all battle!
Tesshin: Anyone taken to their knees or their back is eliminated!
Tesshin: And as a special rule, you may use your hands!
Spectator A: Whooaaaa! A final battle -- this is hot!
Spectator B: Who's the representatives? Oh, look! Check out Class S!
Spectator C: Oshitari Azumi and Margit! Of course they'd send those two!
Momoyo: Class S sends their two uninjured players! It's an easy choice for them.
Azumi: ...Hah. We won the moment Shiina Miyako got injured.
Azumi: 'Cause that means Chris is the only girl you've got who can stand up to us.
Chris: I shall go. I am unhurt, and most of all, Mar-san is there.
Chika: ...A battle... But as if Mayo could go out there.
Ikurou: And it looks like Shiina's not moving much at all for a while.
Shouichi: Then I figure it's gotta be me after all. Don't you all worry about a thing.
Chris: Capt, can you handle it?
Shouichi: Yeah. Besides, what sort of hero doesn't pull things off at the end?
Yamato: You're hilarious.
*I gave Capt a light shove.*
Shouichi: Yeouch...
*Capt tried to brace himself, but he couldn't and fell.*
Shouichi: Yamato, what gives?
Yamato: Do you think you can win against them with the injury to those legs you're so proud of?
Shouichi: But if I don't go, we're gonna lose for sure!
Yamato: You've got a healthy, able-bodied man right here.
Shouichi: Dude, you're serious? This match is for keeps.
Shouichi: And there's not just gonna be kicks. Hands are legal, so you got punches to watch out for too.
Yamato: I know I'd never win in a fair fight, but I've got a plan. Leave this to me.
Shouichi: Don't tell me you're tryin' to make up for blowing all of our points?
Yamato: My motivations aren't that noble. I just want to prove that I can.
Yamato: Come on. Let me be the hero for once.
*I held my gaze.*
Shouichi: ...Dammit, Yamato. If I'm giving this spot to you, then you'd better win.
Yamato: Will do.
Chris: Are you certain? They will hold nothing back.
Yamato: Do you think you can beat them two-on-one?
Chris: ...To be honest, I am at a heavy disadvantage. Yet it must be done.
Yamato: I don't let my friends fight at a disadvantage.
Yamato: Listen, your job is to beat Margit.
Yamato: No matter what happens, keep your cool and take her out.
Yamato: I'll keep Oshitari Azumi at bay.
Chris: You will not last two seconds against that maid.
Yamato: In a fair fight, sure. But my brains will find a way.
Chris: How?
Tesshin: Class F, send your representatives!
Yamato: We're out of time. Just leave this to me, and you stay calm.
Chris: ...All right. I can be calm. Then let us go.
Chris: Nevertheless, his limit should be some five seconds.)
Chris: (I must prepare myself for the inevitable two-on-one...)
Chris: (Though given the two in question... It will be do-or-die.)
Momoyo: Class F sends their two healthy players, Chris and Naoe Yamato!
Ikurou: Yamato, dude, you can still fight?
Suguru: None were left, save he... Alas.
Margit: Frau Chris...
Chris: Mar-san...
Azumi: Margit, I get the feeling you're looking for a one-on-one fight here...
Azumi: But I need to offer this victory to Hideo-sama...
Azumi: So I'm showing no mercy. I'm going in, two-on-one.
Yamato: That's not happening. You're going to be fighting me.
Azumi: Hmph... Says the kid so weak you'd think he's still sucking on his mama's tits.
Yamato: Weak? Me? Heheh. I wonder. The clever falcon hides his claws, as they say.
Azumi: Ignore him. We're taking the girl out, two-on-one.
Yamato: Don't be not like. Let's fight, Granny.
Azumi: WHAT?!
Chris: Yamato... Did you just...?
Yamato: Oh, don't worry about it.
Chris: Surely calling her a grandmother is going too far.
Yamato: You're going to chide me? Now?!
Azumi: You think I don't got game, you infant?
Tesshin: Then let the free battle begin!
Chris: Here I come, Mar-san!
Margit: As do I!
*The two charged straight at each other.*
Yamato: I'm begging you, try to make it quick?
Azumi: You're mine.
*Before me approached Oshitari Azumi.*
Azumi: I'll crush you quick, then go reinforce Margit.
Yamato: I'd like to parley.
Azumi: Nah.
Yamato: It's not a bad deal. It's about Kuki Hideo.
Azumi: Oh, then maybe I do wanna hear you out.
Yamato: --And there's something else I know you don't want Hideo to hear.
Azumi: Well, that's a terror.
Azumi: But my goal here is to score a victory, right?
Azumi: So I don't got time to spend listening to you!
Yamato: Tch!
*She kicked at me, lightning-quick. I jumped back.*
*Yet that was a warning shot, I was sure, meant to tell me she wouldn't negotiate.*
Azumi: Well, looks like your silver tongue's all tarnished.
Azumi: Or did that brilliant plan of yours actually have more to it than just stalling for time?
*I risked a glance towards Chris's fight.*
Chris: Seigh!
Margit: Haaahh!
*There, a high-speed battle was unfolding. One still far from a conclusion.*
Azumi: There's nothing left you can do.
Yamato: Nah, I can think of one thing.
Azumi: What's that?
Yamato: I can run!
*I dashed off for dear life.*
Momoyo: Whoa, Yamato's on the run! He's in full flight!
*I kept sprinting all the way to Capt and the others.*
Mayo: N-Naoe-chan, are you all right?
Tesshin: People of 2-F, step farther back!
Shouichi: Yeah, sure... It ain't like we're offering him help or anything...
Miyako: Yamato, everything's okay, so good luck.
Yamato: Aye-aye. Come and get me, Oshitari Azumi!
Yamato: ...Huh? You're not coming?
*Azumi had turned towards Chris and Margit.*
Azumi: I don't give a damn if you run! I've got a better fight here!
Yamato: Come and get me, Granny!
Azumi: Tch. I'll chop off that dick of yours later.
Yamato: Shoot, even that isn't enough to get her to bite?
Yamato: In that case... (Forgive me, Kuki. I don't want to say this, but...)
Yamato: You coward! But of course you are -- you're just shithead Kuki Hideo's dumb maid!
Azumi: What did you call him...?!
Azumi: How dare you call him something that vulgar?!
*She turned towards me.*
Yamato: (Great, she fell for it! All that's left...)
Chris: Well fought, of course, Mar-san!
Margit: Same to you, Frau Chris!
*Was to pray for their fight to end soon.*
Azumi: Stop running and friggin' die!
*I dodged her flying kick with a quick sidestep.*
Azumi: Seyah!
*A quick left-right kick combo. It took everything I had to avoid them.*
Azumi: You bastard!
*Now she went low and tried to tackle me.*
*I slipped away once again, though I could barely believe it myself.*
Momoyo: Yamato's evading every attack!
Lu: Wow, his dodging technique is quite impressive!
Momoyo: I'm always messing with him, so he must've picked somethin' up.
Momoyo: It takes skill to track a fighter's speed.
Miyako: And I've been trying to tackle and hold him down since forever.
Shouichi: After dealing with all of that, he must've developed a sixth sense.
Azumi: ...I see. So running away is the one thing you're good at.
Yamato: Yeah, pretty much. I don't lead a crazy life for nothing.
Azumi: This is lame. You'd be dead by now if I just had my weapons.
Yamato: You're not wrong. Good thing we're empty-handed.
Azumi: --You cunning prick!
Yamato: (This is bad. I don't think she's playing around anymore.)
Yamato: (She hasn't broken a sweat, while I'm dodging for dear life... Though I've still managed to make it this far.)
*I looked towards Chris.*
Margit: Let us see who has the better punch! Haaahhhhhh!
Chris: I accept the challenge! Seyaaahhhhh!
Yamato: Ahh... Things are heating up, but there's no sign of things ending!
Azumi: Where are you looking?!
Yamato: Gh--I can't dodge!
*Her knifehand stabbed into my stomach.*
Jun: Whoa, that's a broken rib for sure... Buddha have mercy.
Koyuki: Nopsies, he's not done yet.
Azumi: That blow should've... Friggin' hell. Stop screwing around!
Yamato: Whew... Good thing I stuffed my shirt with issues of Weekly Shounen Jast.
Yamato: Wait, whoa! Your knifehand made it all the way to the credits page at the end!
Momoyo: Wow, it turns out Yamato's snuck in armor!
Yamato: The rules said we had to be empty handed, but there wasn't anything saying I couldn't stuff my clothes with magazines.
Azumi: Well, it ain't like I'm not wearing chain mail myself.
Yamato: You stuff that under your clothes...?!
Azumi: That said, this is friggin' ridiculous.
Yamato: I was just copying this protagonist in an old manga I love.
Azumi: But that armor's over and done for.
Yamato: Yeah... That's that.
Azumi: So now you've stuffed your hands with pocket sand?
Yamato: ...There's no getting anything past you, is there?
*I threw the sand away.*
Azumi: Looks like you're all out of bright ideas.
Yamato: Heh... Not quite. Look up at the sky.
Azumi: You think I'd fall for that?:  (She started walking.)
Yamato: Huh? Th-That didn't work?
Azumi: Of course not. You're not running away any m--
*Her forward leg gave out from under her, if only slightly.*
*That surprise shifted her attention from pursuing me to her current situation.*
*Which was all the time I needed to fall back.*
Azumi: A tiny little hole... Just big enough for me to barely stumble?
Yamato: Did you think all I was doing was rubbing Miyako's leg?!
Miyako:  It was a team effort of our love. He dug his fingers in, then I finished.
Yamato: Y-You're not wrong... but it sounds wrong.
Azumi: Then you led me all the way here... Heheh. If this were a real battlefield, a landmine would've blown off my leg right about now.
Azumi: I underestimated you, thought you were a beginner, but... The way things have turned out?
Yamato: (She's 100% targeting me now, which means...)
*I ran full-tilt in the opposite direction.*
Azumi: It's time... to hold nothing back!
*Azumi sprinted after me.*
*I was all out of plans. I just had to run and run.*
Azumi: I've caught you.
Yamato: That fas--gah!
*She hit me with a flying kick, sending me tumbling across the floor.*
Azumi: You should've gone down. That would've made things easy for you.
Yamato: I can't let it end like this...
*I retreated, trying to keep Azumi out of range.*
Azumi: Srah!
*But she closed the gap, faster than I could believe, and shot a low kick at my legs.*
*I managed to retreat, fighting back the pain,  when a powerful kick came flying down at the place I was just at*
Azumi: Running till the end, eh? You're just bringing yourself more pain.
*My leg grew numb. Running grew harder and harder.*
Yamato: But... I still can't let this end.
*Chris and Margit took their distance from each other.*
*Neither side had been able to land a finishing blow.*
Chris: Huff... To be able to duel you like this, Mar-san...
Chris: Is simply wonderful!
Chris: ...Huh? A duel?
*Her mind, which had been swept up in the fervor of the fight, suddenly cooled off.*
Chris: Yamato?!
*She'd grown so enthralled in battle that she'd forgotten.*
*He was off far in the distance, suffering Azumi's fierce blows.*
Chris: (Yamato... You bought me all this time?!)
Chris: (And still you hang on... Fantastic.)
Chris: (While I am the fool who lost her cool. Apologies.)
Margit: Well done matching your potential even here in the far east.
Margit: But I expected nothing less, Frau Chris.
*Margit removed her eyepatch.*
Chris: ...Yes, for I have found friends.
Chris: They are more than enough to support me mentally, to let me summon all of my strength!
*Chris mustered her energy.*
*I was hanging on for dear life.*
*My legs hurt from the low kicks, so a retreat was not possible.*
Azumi: You're real tenacious, you know that?
Yamato: When a plan fails, a tactician's got to put everything on the line to make things right.
Azumi: Take this!
*A tremendous roundhouse kick swept in from the side.*
Yamato: (I can't dodge it... I'll have to block!)
*But the force of the blow still knocked me off my feet, if only for a moment.*
Yamato: Ts...! I can't let myself fall!
*The arm I'd blocked with fell limply to my side.*
Azumi: That shot took out your arm? Then this will finish you!
*She powered into me now, leading with her shoulder.*
Yamato: Wah!
Azumi: I know you can't hold your ground. It's over!
Yamato: ...If I'm gonna stagger, I'll stagger till the cows come home!
*I stumbled back, unsteady, from the blow.*
*All that was left was for me to fall, but I could feel against my back the bark of the tree planted in the schoolyard.*
Yamato: ...Haha, I have a back support. I'm safe...
Azumi: So that's why you ran this way? Good: Job!
*Azumi punched me in the chin.*
*The world wavered before me.*
Yamato: You think I'm finished...?
Azumi: You sure don't know when to quit.
*Before my world went black, I felt her grab my clothes.*
Margit: Frau Chris... Here comes my strongest attack
*Margit snapped into her stance.*
*Meanwhile, Chris thought only of countering.*
Chris: (I have to take the upper hand!)
*Given the opportunity to focus all of her being on the enemy in front of her, Chris did just that.*
Margit: Haahhh... Now!
*Her aura pulsed with such force that the air around her shook.*
*Her attack would be as she claimed -- one made with all of her strength.*
Margit: The match is on!
*She fired a right straight punch that bore tremendous power.*
*Faced with that finishing blow...*
Chris: Seyaaahhh!
*...Chris stood strong, proud, fearless.*
*Their fists crossed path in midair.*
*In that thousandth of a second, Chris could see.*
*See her counter zoom towards Margit's face.*
*See Margit's opening blow only graze her cheek.*
*And see the words in the expression of the woman she thought of as her sister.*
*'Well done, Frau Chris.'*
*The crash of the blow echoed through the arena.*
*Margit, without so much as a cry...*
*Fell graciously to the earth.*
Chris: ...Mar-san...
*She stared at her unconscious sister's face.*
*She knew Margit would never have used such a simple punch in a real battle,*
*No more than a pitcher would declare he was throwing a fastball, then send it straight over the plate.*
*But she had believed, swung with all her strength, and this was the result.*
*A wonderful, serious match.*
Chris: Thank you very much.
Chris: Referee, would you please care for Mar-san?
Tesshin: We'll carry her off immediately. She's a tough one so I wouldn't worry too much.
Chris: It is over, Yamato...
Chris: Yama...
*But Azumi had already thrown him to the ground.*
*Even though he lay unconscious, still he held onto her shoe.*
Spectator A: Naoe's unconscious, and yet...
Spectator B: Damn, I had no idea he had the guts.
Azumi: Come on. You're out of the match, so let go.
Azumi: I still got another battle... Ugh, friggin' hell.
Chris: How dare you hurt him! Seyaaahhhhh!
*She charged.*
Azumi: (Calm your tits, 'Frau'.)
*The instant Chris went to grab Azumi--*
Azumi: Hoi! Foot sweep!
*Azumi shot out her leg, aiming to trip her.*
*She had gorgeous technique, sure to crush Chris's charge.*
*No one in the thralls of passion could have hoped to dodge it.*
*But...*
Chris: Tsubame-gaeshi!
*Chris's mind was clear.*
*She slipped past Azumi's leg, used its power against her...*
Azumi: What?!
*...To throw Azumi, forcing the maid's knee into the ground.*
Chris: Yamato told me to stay calm, cool, and collected.
Azumi: Your anger was fake...?
Chris: Of course not. I was truly enraged.
Chris: But though my heart burned with fire, my mind stayed cool as ice.
Azumi: ...So you matured, even during the battle... Then that's that.
Azumi: Guess we lose.
Tesshin: Gooooaaaal! Goal, goal, goal!
Tesshin: Goal! Goal! Go--*Cough, cough!*
Momoyo: Hey, hey. You all right, Gramps?
Tesshin: Mn... *cough, hack.* I'm fine.
Tesshin: That's the match! Your winners: 2-F's Naoe and Chris!
Ikurou: Whoaaaaaa! We won!
Gakuto: Nice going! I am overwhelmed with emotion!
Chika: Chris, Naocchi, you were both so cool!
Suguru: And so the noble few were defeated by the power of the masses.
Suguru: Hmph. This is but a microcosm of history.
Chris: Is Yamato... unconscious?
Chris: How did he buy so much time?
Shouichi: Welp, it all started when...
Tesshin: And thus, the fifth and final battle of the Kawakami Campaign is won by Class F!
Tesshin: Now, choose who you will take from Class S.
Chika: Guys, this is important! Let's all talk it over before we--
Ikurou: I want Sakakibara Koyuki!
Gakuto: I say yes to that!
Class F Boy: No objections!
Chika: Hey! Guys! The girls get a say too!
Tesshin: All right, so be it.
Haguro: Hey, hey, hey, you're gonna cut us off? You're gonna let the boys totally fuck us over?!
Koyuki: Wow, they chose me?
Touma: You must not understand, Yuki.
Touma: You are now going to be a member not of 2-S, but rather of 2-F.
Koyuki: Huh...? What about Touma and Jun?
Touma: We're staying here.
Koyuki: No! No no no!
Jun: Ugh... Why do I feel like I'm selling off family?
Jun: Sorry, but we lost too much at the poker table.
Touma: That fiction rings too true. Apologies, Yuki.
Jun: Well, we'll still get to see each other after school and during breaks.
Touma: And we'll be sure to play plenty of cards at home.
Koyuki: No! I don't want this...
Ikurou: Heyya, I'm here to take her with me.
Gakuto: Come with us, Koyuki-chan.
Koyuki: ...Jun!: Juuuunnnnn!
Jun: Yuki...
Jun: N-No, I just can't... Not Yuki! Anyone but Yuki!
Ikurou: Huh?
Jun: She's practically our mascot! Please!
Ikurou: No deal.
Jun: If you have to take someone, take me!
Ikurou: You, baldy? Then there's nothing in it for us!
Gakuto: Heck, you probably want to come, you damn lolicon.
Ikurou: We'll give her the love a mascot deserves, don't worry.
Gakuto: So come with us, Koyuki-chan. Heheheh.
Ikurou: Heh heh heh. We got ourselves a fair-skinned beauty!
Koyuki: Ooh... I don't wanna.
Ikurou: We'll give you pretty kimonos and you can eat as much as you want.
Koyuki: Huh? Food? ...Marshmallows?
Gakuto: The biggest marshmallows in the world.
Koyuki: Touma...
Touma: This, too, is a rule. There is nothing to be done.
Koyuki: ...Jun...
Jun: I'm sorry... Take care of yourself. We'll still have the breaks to see each other.
Koyuki: ...Fine...
Gakuto: C'mon, let's go. Don't worry, we won't do anythin' bad.
Ikurou: Heheh. We're all good guys at heart. (He said while ogling her.)
Koyuki: Aww...
Hideo: How the winds are laughing. They laugh with all their might.
Jun: We're the fools who never stopped to think about what would happen if we lost.
*And so Sakakibara Koyuki joined Class F.*
Yamato: Ahh, I can finally stand... That was tough.
Chris: Yamato! You are still awake?
Yamato: The whole being out cold thing was always an act.
Chris: What?!
Yamato: Interfering with her even though I'd been beaten would've gotten us disqualified. But by feigning unconsciousness, I was able to grab her leg.
Chris: ...Again you rely on such villainy?!
Yamato: Ts! Don't grab me! I'm still in real pain!
Yamato: It really did take me this long to stand up!
Chris: O-Oh. Then you should have said so.
Yamato: That's not funny. Being unable to stand is incredibly uncool.
Chris: ...Heh. You can be such a child sometimes.
Yamato: Hey, who do you think you have to thank for--
Chris: Of course I have you to thank for desperately buying me time.
Chris: That gave me the pleasure of a duel against Mar-san. You have my thanks.
*She stared directly into my eyes.*
Yamato: Y-Yeah. You getting that means the world to me.
Yamato: So you finally accept my tricks and chicanery?!
Chris: ...You did do so much to stall her...
Yamato: It did mostly come down to guts this time around, though.
Momoyo: Yamato comes up with his plans to keep his friends from getting hurt, Kuri.
Chris: ...You did do a service for me. I will allow it.
Chris: And there is logic to doing things for your friends. Thank you.
Yamato: Good, so long as you understa...
Miyako: Ah, you need to go to the nurse's office. I'll take you there.
Chris: No, it is I who should assist.
Miyako: Fshaaaaaa!
Chris: As threatening as that was, he suffered this injury for my sake.
Miyako: ...Mnn? You won't do anything weird to Yamato?
Chris: What kind of weird things are you even thinking?
Miyako: You know, like yanking him into a bush and give him head?
Chris: Give him a head? A head of what?
Miyako: ...Sure, whatever. Make sure he gets there safe.
Chris: Good. Then come with me, Yamato. Hold on.
Yamato: I don't need your shoulder. I'll go by myself.
Chris: Quit being ridiculous and come.
*She pressed against me, supporting me.*
Yamato: Nngh. I don't get a choice...?
*Chris's body was hot, probably because of all the fighting.*
Chris: I must repay you for your efforts. That is the way of justice.
Yamato: Wow, that's... cool, that justice of yours.
Chris: Naoe Kanetsugu was a samurai of justice. If you are his descendant, then you would understand.
Yamato: Nah, I'm not his descendant or anything. We just share family names.
Chris: Did I not see his helmet in your room?
Yamato: That's more there as a joke than anything else...
Chris: Well, enough. Let us go. Forward march...: One, two. One, two.
Yamato: T-Too fast! Could you at least spare a thought for the injured guy?!
Chris: Oh, apologies. I instinctively turned to marching... Are you all right?
Yamato: Y-Yeah, barely...
Yamato: How do you still have so much energy? Heck, you got out pretty much unscathed. Damn.
Chris: I have my training to thank. You can leave this to me!
*She puffed out her chest with pride.*
Yamato: I think all of my injuries are starting to hurt more...
Chris: Is not the manly path to bear the pain in silence?
Chris: And did you not manage that earlier?
Yamato: Quit it. Now that you know my pain, I'm going to whine and whine!
Yamato: It hurts, it hurts!
Chris: You can be such a coward.
Yamato: Yeah, so what if I am? That's nothing new.
Chris: No, my view of you has changed.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: Though you always do sound pathetic...
Chris: You deliver when it counts. Is that not right, Naoe Yamato?
Yamato: ......N-Ngh... Well, yeah!
Yamato: (This close-up of a blond beauty is cheating. It's making me shake.)
Yamato: (But only me blushing isn't fair.)
Yamato: U-Um, you know...
Yamato: You did well to pull off the victory, Chris.
Chris: Ts... Mn... Well, yes.
Yamato: I knew you could.
Chris: D-Do not stare at me from so close...
Yamato: Heh, why are you blushing? Your face is bright red.
Chris: Huh? I am surely not blushing! You are the one is blushing!
Yamato: Nope, it's you...
Chris: It must be you! You are blushing!
Yamato: Chris...
Chris: It's you! You, you, you!
Yamato: F-Fine, I'm blushing.
Chris: See that?! I made you admit it!
Chris: Besides, you making me blush is unthinkable!
Yamato: That's a shame.
Chris: Hm? Why is that, Yamato?
Yamato: I'm pretty interested in you, Chris, so hearing you say that feels so...
Chris: You are interested in me?!
Chris: H-How... am I supposed to take that?
Yamato: Hey, hey, I'm kidding. But see? Your cheeks are completely flushed.
Chris: What? You scum!
Yamato: So that's just another joke... But in all honesty--
Chris: Ergh!
Yamato: That's a joke too.
Chris: You!
Yamato: Take a hint, stupid. I'm too embarrassed to tell the truth.
Chris: Huh?!
Yamato: You're really not used to this, are you? It's hilarious.
Chris: Do not tell me... Am I being teased?!
Yamato: In Japan, we joke around like this to forget about pain.
Chris: Oh, what a peculiar culture. But I should expect no less from Japan.
*And so I teased Chris all throughout my recovery.*
*The sports festival ended with our army scoring a huge victory.*
Yamato: Great... My injuries are finally getting better.
*I could shuffle the cards without a hitch.*
Chris: Yamato, could I have a moment?
*Chris had come to check on me every day since the sports festival.*
Chris: I bought extra inari. Have them for a late-night snack.
Yamato: Oh, thanks for doing that night after night.
Chris: It is nothing. I will come bringing more tomorrow.
Chris: Hmm? Are you practicing some technique again?
Yamato: Well, I wanted to get my mind off of studying for a bit. Watch.
*My one-handed shuffled usually garnered a fair reception.*
Chris: Wow...
Chris: ...Yes, your injuries seem to have largely healed.
*This was why Chris had dropped by every night.*
*She was worried about her friend's injuries.*
*I weighed on her mind at school and at the dorm.*
Yamato: How's Margit doing?
Chris: She's gone from recovering in two months to recovering in one, thank you very much.
Yamato: How does she do it...? Her time in the hospital just keeps getting shorter.
Chris: Because she is Mar-san. Ehem!
*She looked proud of her.*
Yamato: Still, you sent her to the hospital with one punch... That's scary.
Chris: Though it was the result of a fair match, I would like to come see her.
Chris: However, she is hospitalized in Bonn, Germany.
Yamato: (And her father's leaving her without a chaperone?)
Yukie: Chris-san, your father's out front.
Chris: My father is here?!
*She whooshed out of the room.*
Yamato: Now he's come to the dorm? ...Maybe I should go say hello.
*Please, I thought, don't let there be another soldier to take Margit's place...*
*.........*
Chris's Father: I am terribly fond of this dorm's policies.
Mrs. Shimazu: Really? I try to keep things pretty lax.
Chris's Father: Any boy who enters the second story without permission is to be executed.
Chris's Father: That is what I find especially wonderful.
Chris's Father: I can leave my daughter in your care without worry.
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: Ah, Chris. You're as beautiful as Beethoven's melodies.
Chris: ...Why did you come all this way?
Chris's Father: Because I wanted to compliment my beloved daughter in person.
Chris's Father: Well done defeating Margit and overcoming the trial!
Chris's Father: You have grown as a warrior. I couldn't be prouder!
Chris: Father... Thank you so much!
Mrs. Shimazu: They're so close, unlike a certain son of mine.
Matsukaze: The Seven Gods of Fortune'll give you good luck if you let us in on the conversation.
Yukie: I wish... I wish I were able to meet with my own father...
Matsukaze: Ah, my girl Mayucchi's gettin' down? Hey! Someone turn up the heat to warm her heart!
Yamato: How about you try being quiet, for their sake?
Matsukaze: I got some fresh advice sayin' that route ain't for beginners, but fine. I can take a hint.
Chris's Father: Chris, I am going to give you another trial.
Chris: Another one already, Father?!
Chris's Father: And it will be tough. You will hate me for it.
Chris: I do not mind! Father, tell me what it is.
Chris's Father: Then with my heavy heart I will tell you.
Chris's Father: You are to live here and show your independence!
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: It will be tough... But I know you can do it.
Chris: All right! I shall accept the challenge.
Chris's Father: Good. The funds deposited to your account will continue unabated. Please make use of them.
Chris: I understood, Father! I will make you proud!
Chris's Father: Good!
Yamato: He's challenging you to live in the dorm, but is supplying you money?
Mrs. Shimazu: I was curious about that too. Not much seems to have changed.
Chris's Father: Oh, here you are... Naoe Yamato-kun.
*He'd finally noticed me. His daughter had left him blind to everything else.*
*I greeted him with...*
Good evening, Lieutenant General
Good evening, Father
Yamato: Good evening, Lieutenant General.
Chris's Father: Thank you.
Yamato: Good evening, Father.
Chris's Father: I believe that to be inappropriate.
*He pointed his gun at me.*
Yamato: It was just a Japanese joke.
Chris's Father: Oh? Japan is always full of surprises.
*The excuse worked.*
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun, could we go for a brief walk?
Chris: Then I shall go too!
Chris's Father: Chris, I will come to see you again later.
Chris's Father: For now, focus on your finals.
Chris: If that is your wish, Father! Goodbye!
*Chris proceeded back to her room.*
Yamato: Wow. She listens to every word you say.
Chris's Father: Yes, because I raised her with love. Look at this.
Yamato: H-Holy...
Chris's Father: It is Chris as a child. She is more beautiful than the fairy folk.
Yamato: I see... (He must have raised her like a princess.)
Chris's Father: First, let us have a change in location.
*...We wound up at the restaurant near the station.*
Chris's Father: Order whatever you would like.
Waitress: Are you ready to order?
Yamato: Coffee, please.
Chris's Father: I shall have your 'Special Treat for a Hard-Working Girl  Honey-Drenched Pancakes'.
Yamato: So, what did you want to talk about?
Chris's Father: I hear that you helped ensure Chris and Margit's battle was a one-on-one duel.
Chris's Father: I wanted to start by thanking you.
Yamato: It was nothing, really.
Chris's Father: Thanks to that, my Chris overcame her reliance on Margit.
Yamato: Though, it seems you have a new challenge for her.
Chris's Father: Indeed. She is to live at the dorm without support.
Yamato: That doesn't make sense to me. You'll still be sending her money, right?
Chris's Father: Of course, and some to spare. I could not bear to deny her the opportunity to buy the stuffed animals she loves.
Chris's Father: But the cleaning and laundry she will do alone.
Yamato: Huh? But that's normal for living at a dorm.
Yamato: Chris was already doing that by herself the last few months, right?
Chris's Father: Have you not seen a German woman at the dorm?
Yamato: You mean other than Margit? Yeah, occasionally I'll catch a glimpse of someone.
Chris's Father: She too is my subordinate, you see.
Chris's Father: She has periodically cleaned Chris's room and helped her with the laundry.
Yamato: So Chris wasn't doing that stuff on her own?
Chris's Father: Not even I could be that cruel.
Chris's Father: I must make her growth sure yet steady.
Yamato: So basically, all the cleaning and stuff was done by that other woman?
Chris's Father: I will dispatch her here no longer.
Chris's Father: Chris must strive to succeed on her own.
Yamato: I don't know what to say...
Chris's Father: What do you think of my choices?
Chris's Father: Do you think me too doting a father?
Yamato: (I am definitely not going to tell a lieutenant general he's wrong to his face.)
Yamato: I understand how you feel painfully well.
Yamato: When I imagine having a daughter of my own, I can feel myself break into a smile.
Yamato: I'm sure I'd dote on her too.
Yamato: What boy wouldn't feel that way?
Chris's Father: Ohh! You are wonderful, Yamato-kun!
Chris's Father: Then imagine your daughter fell into bad company.
Yamato: The thought pains my heart. Makes me want to grind my teeth.
Chris's Father: As it should. So please, continue to be my eyes.
Chris's Father: If any unsavory sorts approach her, contact me.
Yamato: ...Understood. (Unless it's someone extreme, it's not happening.)
Chris's Father: Furthermore, can you check to see if she is withstanding the trial?
Yamato: Are you sure? I am a man.
Chris's Father: You are a prudent gentleman thus I can trust you.
Chris's Father: And I know you would rather an air raid not turn Kawakami City into a field of ash.
Yamato: You're not wrong... But what about one of the other girls in the dorm?
Chris's Father: Oh, I've already spoken with them...
Chris's Father: One of them was an enigma.
Chris's Father: And the other kept nervously looking around.
Chris's Father: Either choice would be too risky.
Yamato: ...Well, all right.
Chris's Father: Then we come to you, her classmate.
Yamato: I'm not a soldier, so there's a lot I probably can't do. Please don't expect that much out of me.
Chris's Father: Be at ease. I have taken that into account.
Chris's Father: But if you excel, I'm certain you will welcome my appreciation.
Chris's Father: A connection with a lieutenant general seems like something you would enjoy.
Yamato: I'm salivating at the sound of it.
*The lieutenant general heartily cleaned his plate of pancakes.*
Yamato: ...I have a question.
Chris's Father: Go ahead.
Yamato: You said you both came here because you admire the country of samurai...
Yamato: So as such an admirer, how does present-day Japan seem to you?
Chris's Father: --!
Chris's Father: It is not right for the children of samurai to have become so listless.
Chris's Father: How many times have I thought this? Perhaps too many...
Chris's Father: Yet, if I am to be honest, I still want to believe.
Yamato: I see...
*My own father popped into my head.*
*He'd despaired at our corrupted bureaucracy and abandoned the country.*
*Chris's fathers also had high hopes for Japan, which heightened the fall when he saw the truth.*
*We parted ways, the mood still melancholic.*
*.........*
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, ideals and reality are such heavy words.
Yamato: Chris's father seems like he'd go off at the drop of a hat... What would despairing of Japan make him do?
*I talked to my hermit crabs in my otherwise empty room.*
Chris: Yamato, I realize it is late, but may I have a moment?
Yamato: Sure, I'm still up anyways.
Chris: I have studied as much as I planned to today, so I came to play.
Chris: I furthermore brought inari as a gift. Have it as a late-night snack.
Yamato: I'm actually having a second round of inari tonight? ...Eh, thanks.
Yamato: So, you want to know what me and your father talked about?
Chris: I-Indeed. He texted me afterwards.
Chris: He said you are a trustworthy individual, and that you would watch to see if I accomplished my trial.
Yamato: Yeah, we just chatted.
Chris: I see... As you heard, this is to be my trial.
Yamato: Trial? You just have to clean and do laundry.
Chris: Indeed...
Yamato: If there's anything you don't know, Mayucchi can help.
Chris: My first worry is tomorrow morning.
Yamato: What happens then?
Chris: Mornings are usually handled via alarm clock, are they not?
Yamato: Umm, how have you handled things this far?
Chris: I have always received wake-up calls.
Yamato: You what?!
Chris: Even those will come to an end... This will truly be a harsh trial!
Yamato: We were all there for the Hakone trip, yeah. But seriously, you're a rich girl to a T.
Yamato: The alarm function on your phone should be good enough.
Chris: I do not know how to use it.
Yamato: Let me see.
Chris: Here.
Yamato: You press this here, then set the time.
Chris: Oh, I see. Impressive, Yamato. You use the phone so easily.
Yamato: No, this is nothing. Really, it isn't.
Yamato: ...You're not going to be able to wake up tomorrow, are you?
Yamato: If you can't, I'll come get you.
Chris: Very well. If that comes to pass, you have my permission to come upstairs.
Chris: However, I promise it will not be necessary.
Chris: Do not underestimate me, Yamato. For I...
Chris: I am the proud knight Christiane Friedrich!
Chris: Waking up in the morning is nothing at all!
*Proudly declared Chris.*
Chris: Zzz... Zzz... Mnnn...
Yamato: Hey, Knight! You should've woken up ages ago, Knight!
Chris: Mnyahhh... Zzz...
Yamato: I knew you wouldn't be able to wake up!
Chris: Mnn... Give me my usual... Five more minutes...
Yamato: Do you think I'm gonna spoil you?!
Chris: Stop it, I am tired... I am tired, so just let me sleep...
Yamato: You look way too sexy, Miss Sleeping Beauty!
Chris: ...Hm? Hmm? Yamato...?
Yamato: Yeah, it's me! Waiting to see you blush!
Chris: You are heavy even in my dreams... Zzz...
Yamato: I'm not a dream!
Chris: Zzz... Zzz...
Yamato: Tch, that didn't even wake her up.
Yamato: And I thought it would make any girl jump to her feet...
*So, what did I try next?*
Yell and shake her
Take away her bear
Call Miyako and Mayucchi to wake her
Have some have fun while she's asleep
Yamato: Kuritchi, wake up! (I shouted as I shook her.)
Chris: Yes!
Yamato: Wow.
Chris: Zzz...
Yamato: You think this is a game?
Yamato: Whoa, hey, and you call yourself a knight?!
Chris: Mnnn...
*Chris raised her teddy bear...*
Chris: Teddy!
Chris: Zzz...
*And with that nonsense shout went back to sleep.*
Miyako: What's all the noise about?
*Miyako showed up.*
Yamato: Let me cool my head. Clearly, I just need to take away her bear!
Yamato: She's already defending against that?!
*There was no way I could pull it from her.*
Yamato: D-Damn it!
Chris: Mnnn...
Yukie: Um, what's been going on in here?
*Now Mayucchi showed up.*
Yamato: That's the fastest route. Miyako! Mayucchi!
*The two quickly responded to my calls and came into the room.*
Yamato: I'm supposed to wake her up, but... this is... (*gulp*)
*I looked around, marking every area I checked with my finger. No one was here.*
Yamato: I never work for free, after all.
Yamato: C'mon, Chris. Wake up.
*I stroked her thigh.*
Yamato: It's so warm...
Chris: Mmm...
Yamato: Time to wake up, Chris.
*I traced my finger along her collarbone.*
Chris: ...Mn... Mmm...
Yamato: That turns you on, doesn't it?
Chris: ...Ah...
Yamato: May I have your ear, Lady Knight?
*I put my pinky in her ear and tickled her.*
Chris: Mnn...
Miyako: I feel from here a strange yet ominous aura...
Yamato: Time's up?! (I leapt away.)
*Miyako and Mayucchi almost caught me red-handed. I'd need to be more prudent going forward.*
*I could name too many idiots who'd escalated things too far and gotten themselves caught.*
Miyako: Goodness, she's so defenseless... And Yamato is staring right at her.
Miyako: What is the meaning of this?! And in front of your mistress, too?!
Yamato: I'll tell you the details at the Friday Meeting, but for now, can you wake her?
Matsukaze: Roger roger, over and out. Wake up before you're late for day tradin'.
Yukie: That won't do, Matsukaze... Chris-san! *Shake!*
Yukie: Hyah!
Chris: Whoa?! Mnn... Oh.
Chris: ...Mayucchi? Good morning...
Chris: *Yaaaaaawn!*
*Chris yawned as she rubbed her eyes, then saw...*
Chris: Mnn...?
Chris: Oohhhhh! Yamato!
*The gears were finally turning in her mind.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Takuya: Wow, that really happened this morning?
Yamato: Man, I'm as surprised as you are.
*I told them about this morning's events while we ate the donuts Capt had brought.*
Chris: Well, you see... (She ate a donut.)
Chris: That was an accident. It was the first day of the trial. (She ate another donut.)
Chris: It shall not happen again. (She ate another donut.)
Yamato: How many are you planning on eating?!
Chris: Oh, I simply could not help myself.
Yamato: Mayucchi hasn't even had any. Don't hog them.
Chris: N-No, she has not... Mayucchi, here.
Yukie: Don't mind me. Have as many as you'd like.
Chris: Really? Thanks *om nom nom*
Takuya: It's rare to meet someone who would actually accept that at face value.
Momoyo: Well, that's what you'd expect from a rich girl like her.
Chris: ...Was that an insult?
Momoyo: No, no. That's what makes you cute.
Yukie: Chris-san, if you'd like, I could wake you?
Yamato: That's the best idea I've heard all day.
Takuya: Yeah, we just need to find somebody else to wake her.
Miyako: Problem solved. Congratulations.
Shouichi: Miyako, could you please not spread over all of the donuts?
Chris: Wait a moment, everyone.
*Chris rose to her feet.*
Chris: I have something serious to say.
Yamato: There's chocolate on the corner of your lips.
Chris: Wh-Where?
Yukie: Oh, I'll wipe it off for you. Here.
Chris: Mnn... (She let Mayucchi wipe her clean.)
Chris: As I was saying, do not treat me so lightly!
Chris: I simply happened to make an error. I need but make up for it.
Chris: Dog, would you not agree?
Kazuko: Zzz... I beat the poodle!
Momoyo: She's taking a nap, and must be having sweet dreams of fighting other species of dogs.
Chris: Wh-Why now, of all times... R-Regardless.
Chris: Only a kindergartener would act like he had become the king of the world over a single mistake, Yamato!
Yamato: So you're saying you can get away with mistake after mistake? All right then.
Chris: N-No, that was not my intent.
Yamato: There is always so much to learn from you, fair knight.
Chris: Nwaaahhhh! You stupid stupidhead!
*She'd entered Rage Mode.*
Chris: Then watch me tomorrow and in all the days to come, and behold!
Chris: You will have to report to Father on how much I have grown!
Gakuto: Huh? You have to report?
Yamato: We've been getting along, and... Yeah.
Gakuto: With a lieutenant general? Did you praise his tastes and hobbies, too?
Yamato: Strive to humble yourself while elevating and understanding others.
Yamato: That's a smooth path to friendship.
Momoyo: Heh. If I don't get to have any fun, then forget that.
Yamato: I envy people like you who live in the moment, if I'm being honest.
Chris: Listen to me!
Yamato: W-We are. Calm down!
Chris: ...I have accepted your talents... But it would seem that you do not accept mine.
Yamato: That's not true. Not being able to wake up in the morning is a part of who you are. I accept that.
Chris: I do not seek acceptance of that!
Chris: At any rate, tomorrow morning will be the match!
Chris: And we will see who is laughing when I come to wake you up!
Yamato: Nah, I'm not looking for a contest. You just have to wake up in the morning.
Chris: No, I have made up my mind. We compete! We compete! We will compete!
Yamato: F-Fine, all right already.
Chris: Whew... My logical reasoning has finally persuaded you.
Chris: Then I cannot wait till tomorrow!
Shouichi: Hold up, you two. What you've got going on isn't nearly thrilling enough.
Shouichi: You gotta lay something on the line.
Chris: Gambling is not really my taste.
Yamato: So you're saying you're not confident?
*The slightest provocation.*
Chris: Interesting. I will risk whatever you name.
*She fell for it easily.*
Yamato: Then, you know. Tanabata's coming up, so how about the loser buys the winner food at the festival?
Chris: Very well. Heh, I can see your foolishly sleeping self already.
Yamato: Well, I always knew it would end up like this.
Yamato: Though I'm not one to take risks, so I woke up early anyways...
Chris: Zzz... Zzz...
Miyako: Wow, so she is asleep.
Miyako: You worthless knight! Wake up!
Chris: Mnn... (She turned over in bed.)
Yamato: Words aren't working. She's in too deep.
Miyako: Let's tickle her with this feather. Hah, hah.
Chris: ...Mm...! Kh, ah!
Miyako: You'd lure my Yamato with those coquettish moans? You witch! Summon the Inquisition at once!
Yamato: Uh, you're the one teasing her.
Yukie: She isn't awake?
Yamato: See for yourself.
Yukie: Heheh. Oh, Chris. If we must.
Chris: Mnyah...
Yukie: She looks so cute as she sleeps.
Miyako: Yeah, she's so innocent.
Yamato: Maybe we should let her sleep in.
*--The 2-F classroom.*
Chris: You misunderstand, Yamato.
Yamato: Huh? Misunderstand what?
Chris: Well... Our match this morning.
Chris: Why did it end up like that, you ask?
Chris: ...Because I realized that, if I never went to bed, I could not lose.
Chris: No matter how early you woke, I would be up first.
Yamato: Yeah, that would work...
Chris: ...But. By three in the morning, I grew tired and tireder.
Chris: Then it occurred to me that I could sleep for some two hours.
Chris: But when I went to bed... You know the rest of the story.
Yamato: Oh, that's why you were so soundly asleep.
Chris: I never even heard my phone's alarm...
Yamato: That ruins the point. And that's with a snooze alarm?
Yamato: Why not set it to use a ringtone as the alarm sound?
Yamato: Then you'd reflexively wake.
Chris: Naturally I already took that measure, and yet...
Yamato: Oh, I should've guessed. Well, you'll just have to get used to it.
Chris: As for the result of our match, given how things have turned... I must concede defeat.
Yamato: Obviously yes, but we can call it a draw.
Chris: Do not pity me! A loss is a loss!
Yamato: You're sure? Then I'll enjoy my feast come Tanabata.
Chris: Good...
Chris: Mm... I am sleepy.
Yamato: You have to get your sleep, especially since you're a girl. You have to take care of your skin.
Chris: I shall henceforth...
Ikurou: Hey! Hello there, Yuki-chan!
Gakuto: It's time for your snack!
Koyuki: ...Ohh, marshmallows...
Ikurou: Yeah, and they're really tasty. Enjoy.
Koyuki: ...Mm... But...
Koyuki: I don't want 'em...
Ikurou: I-It's an emergency! Yuki-chan won't eat her feed!
Gakuto: Ever since we brought her here, she's been like a squid out of water.
Takuya: She looks so depressed. I feel bad for her.
Gakuto: Hey girls! Do somethin' for her!
Chika: We're trying! But we haven't managed anything either.
Haguro: There's nothin' to grab onto, and that whole mysterious gimmick is supposed to be MY thing.
Mayo: She won't open her heart to us...
Koyuki: Oooh...
Gakuto: Listen, she's moaning. Hey, she's gotta be feeling sad.
Shouichi: This moment calls for the man who raised a colored chick into a chicken, Yamato himself!
Takuya: Right? And he raises hermit crabs.
Shouichi: So, you mind looking after Sakakibara?
Yamato: I mean, whenever I try to go anywhere near her...
Miyako: No. That will not do.
Yamato: ...A certain someone gets in my way.
Shouichi: What's wrong with him helping a girl out, Miyako?
Miyako: Her personality seems a little too close to mine.
Haguro: Huh? Then you're saying me and you overlap-- Hah!
*Haguro suddenly collapsed, even though no one had so much as touched her.*
Kazuko: (Was that... Miyako? Did she flick something at her?)
Chris: (I suspect so, though I could not quite tell.)
Miyako: Where were we?
Miyako: If Yamato helps her, she might fall for him.
Miyako: I won't let that happen... Not when you could help raise me instead! *hug*
Yamato: Let go! Wanko, if you tear her off of me, there's some salami in it for you.
Kazuko: Yay! Get away from him!
Miyako: I don't wanna!
Shouichi: But you know, doesn't Sakakibara Koyuki have Aoi Touma and Baldie on her side?
Takuya: Yeah, yeah. They're always hanging out together.
Shouichi: Then there's no way she'll fall for Yamato. Not that I'm an expert or anything.
Miyako: ...Mnn, but even so...
Miyako: Yamato can be so, so cool that who really knows?
Chika: Sure, great, that's enough of that. So, what do we do about her?
Ikurou: Let's wait and see. I'll create an anthology of pictures that show her slowly wilting away.
Yamato: Since when did you become a character from one of Yumeno Kyusaku's novels?
Miyako: Little girl, little girl, why do you dance? Is knowing the secret intention of the boys scary?
Yamato: The point is, I can't do anything. And Miyako isn't the only reason.
Yamato: Right now, I'm pretty much stuck as a certain rich girl's chaperone.
Chris: Oh, there is such a girl in your life?
Yamato: She can't wake up on her own.
Chris: I am endeavoring to accomplish that, so I have her beat. Heheheh.
Yamato: ...She does decently well on tests, but holy moly, can she be stupid.
Takuya: Miyako, maybe you could try talking to her?
Miyako: I think you're just deluding yourself, but... Here we go again.
Takuya: I think you two would really get along.
Miyako: Hello?
Koyuki: ...Mn?
Miyako: Good day.
Koyuki: Oh... You're like me?
Koyuki: ......Ooh... No, forget it.
Miyako: ......?
Koyuki: Nope, we don't talk the same language one bit. Lame.
Miyako: I guess I failed to make contact.
Gakuto: It's moments like this when our leader should shine.
Shouichi: I figure I'm down with just handing her back to Class S.
Chika: Kazama-kun's right. Why don't we give her back?
*That result seemed inevitable.*
*--Bonn, Germany.*
Chris's Father: How are you feeling, Second Lieutenant?
Margit: My body has healed. I would like to return to duty.
Chris's Father: No, you should use this opportunity to rest.
Margit: Is Frau Chris faring well?
Chris's Father: She has grown so much. She even struck you down.
Chris's Father: Surely she can bear to live a month without your eyes on her.
Margit: That is a drastic decision.
Chris's Father: After all, the students are busy with exams.
Margit: That is true. No foul sorts should have the time to creep on her.
Chris's Father: I also found an informant within her group of friends.
Chris's Father: Since I am stationed in Japan as well, there should be no trouble at all.
Margit: May she lives successfully on her own.
Chris's Father: A prayer? I thought you were an atheist.
Margit: It is not a prayer, but rather a hope.
Margit: And the hopes of one as strong as I deserve to come true.
Chris's Father: Heheh... You can be as sweet as any of us.
Chris: Heheheh... Hahahaha!!!
*A strange laughter resounded from near my ear.*
Yamato: What are you doing here, Chris? It's early... *yawn*
Chris: Heh. It would seem you were sleeping like a log, Yamato.
Chris: It is already time to leave for school.
Yamato: Sure, on a weekday. But it's Sunday so we're free.
Chris: That is irrelevant. This is a match between you and me.
Chris: And today I have finally woken before you!
Yamato: Oh, that's right. You weren't downstairs a little before 9 last night.
Chris: Yes, for I had already gone to sleep early.
Chris: Now, bemoan your failure, for that is all you can do!
Yamato: It's a shame. You would've really loved the shortcake festival we had thanks to Capt, too.
Chris: What?! What sort of festival is that?!
Yamato: Those strawberries were divine. I had to do so many sit-ups and push-ups to make sure I didn't put on any weight, but it was worth it.
Chris: Oh, that sounds wonderful... Why did you not call me?!
Yamato: Mayucchi went to your room to get you, but she said you didn't respond.
Chris: I must have already been asleep... Ooh, how could I have missed cake...?
*Chris bemoaned her failure.*
Yamato: So would you mind letting me sleep in?
Chris: That will not do!
Yamato: Wh-Why not?
Chris: Because you are going to apologize to me.
Chris: Though you insulted me so for not waking up in the morning, I have now woken up on time on our day off.
Chris: What do you intend to say to that?!
Yamato: Waking up one morning isn't anything special.
Yamato: If you can keep it up for a full week, then we'll talk.
Chris: Ugh!
Yamato: Meanwhile, I stayed up until dawn studying for finals, and now you're waking me up? What do you have to say for yourself?
Chris: I-I am sorry.
*Chris apologized to me.*
Chris: Something about this feels wrong.
Yamato: Chris's rich-girl ways are a pain and a half.
Miyako: I can't believe she'd barge into your room.
Yamato: She's still better than a certain someone who crawls under my covers in the morning...
*I hadn't even realized she was there until she'd spoken.*
Miyako: Your words say one thing, but your body's saying something else.
Yamato: It's just morning wood!
*I kicked Miyako out of my room.*
*--That afternoon.*
Kazuko: Capt, let's play!
Yamato: He's not here. He went to Lake Hamana with Kuma-chan to taste the difference between domestic and foreign eels.
Kazuko: Really? Tch, that stinks.
Yamato: Why are you putting yourself a set distance away from me?
Kazuko: I mean, I know you're going to try to catch me and make me study.
Yamato: Finals are coming up. Now that I've found you, it's too late.
Kazuko: Not if I can get away! To freedom!
*I blew the dog whistle.*
*She zoomed right back, like a video run in reverse.*
Kazuko: *sniff*... No freedom for me...
Yamato: Not so long as I have this whistle. C'mon, let's study.
Kazuko: You hold me captive. What, me? Me? My immortal soul?
Kazuko: Ahahaha, see! I am educated, because that's from War and Peace! I'm a reader too!
Yamato: Maybe a reader of the manga adaptations we have at the secret base! *Chop!*
Kazuko: Ahhh! Ouch, ouch. I'm sorry!
Yamato: We're studying. Now.
Kazuko: *sniff* Only if you'll play with me for an hour after an hour of studying.
Yamato: Sure, that's fair. But we'll have to be efficient.
Kazuko: 'Kay.
Yamato: Get on my lap. If your focus wavers for a second, I'll torture you.
Kazuko: B-But then you won't be able to study.
Yamato: Don't worry about me. Watching you desperately struggle is plenty of fun, and that's even if I don't get to torture you.
Kazuko: Aiieeee!
*She started trembling in my lap.*
Yamato: Then let's start with what I'm sure will be on the test.
Kazuko: How... do... you... know?
Yamato: I get some of the teachers to tell me. Once you've got friends in high places, everything's easy.
Kazuko: Wow.
Yamato: But you know you can't tell anyone that, okay? If you understand, answer me in dog-speak.
Kazuko: Woof, woof.
Yamato: Zip your lips. Tell anyone, and I'll share a story so scary it'll bring you to tears.
Kazuko: Brrrrr... (She zipped her lips.)
Kazuko: But they really tell you exactly what's going to be on the test?
Yamato: Not exactly. They keep things vague, to maintain deniability.
Yamato: But I can put two and two together. All right, it's time to learn. First...
*I stuffed her brain with all the facts she'd need.*
Kazuko: Ah! It's been ninety minutes!
Yamato: This is all to keep you out of the hell that is summer remedial lessons.
Kazuko: I'm taking back my youth! Play! Play!
Yamato: Right, how about a fighting game? Say, Esseff V?
*What followed was an intense battle...*
Skip the details
Let's fight!
Kazuko: I've been training a bit! Today, my Ryu's gonna win!
Yamato: You really do like Ryu, don't you?
Kazuko: He's so stoic in his pursuit of strength, but never forgets to show his opponents respect. He's a model warrior!
*Character select. I picked...*
Zangear
The Indian Guy
Branka
Oroh
Haken
*Best to use the guy whose throw range increased year after year.*
*Best to use the character that's hardest to counter.*
*Best to use the long-time brute-force powerhouse.*
*Doing Jinchuu Watari into Yagyou Dama always felt great.*
*...You know, I still didn't understand the character design here.*
Yamato: Let's go!
Kazuko: Seyaahh! Seyah seyah seyah!
*Unsurprisingly, she used quick jabs and footsies she'd confirm into huge combos.*
*Her quick reflexes threatened me at every turn.*
Kazuko: Your sweep's so slow! I just have to counter with I-Frames!
Yamato: Damn your instantaneous reactions... I feel like I'm fighting one of those OP AI opponents.
*Experience meant I was more than able to hold my own.*
Kazuko: Hwahn... I knew I wouldn't have a winning record.
Yamato: Given how rarely you play, I'm amazed you do as well as you do.
Yamato: All right, it's back to studying.
Kazuko: I burned up all of my concentration on the game!
*Wanko dashed off, but I blew my whistle.*
Kazuko: Waahhhn! There's no escaping you!
Yamato: Resist and I'll sell you to the circus for 580 yen.
Kazuko: No! And that's oddly specific -- what are you buying?!
Yamato: The coconut hermit crab food. It's their favorite.
Kazuko: Nweh! You should care more about me than those crabs!
Chris: You are being rather noisy. Are you playing?
Yamato: Oh, sorry. Guess we got in the way of your studying?
Chris: No, I was actually about to take a break myself.
Kazuko: Then let's play! Wanna spar me down in the yard?!
Yamato: You're not going anywhere until you do this problem set.
Kazuko: Oooh... Fine, I'll do it.
*We left Wanko behind and headed out into the hallway.*
Chris: Is this right for Dog? I feel sorry for her.
Yamato: You'll feel even worse for her if she loses her summer break.
Chris: I suppose so. By the way, I was thinking of cleaning my room.
Yamato: Y-You're what?! It's the event of the century!
Chris: Oh, rest assured I will see it through to perfection.
*She completely missed the irony.*
Chris: So, I simply need to use the vacuum cleaner?
Yamato: It should already be on the second floor. You're free to use it.
Chris: Mm, all right. Then come and behold, Yamato.
Yamato: ...You want me to watch you clean?
Chris: Then you will tell Father how expertly I have cleaned.
Yamato: It's not that big of a... Fine, just give me permission to come upstairs.
*...And so Chris began to clean.*
Chris: Wait, why are Mayucchi and Miyako here?!
Yamato: Yeah, it turns out they're itching with curiosity.
Yukie: I'm here to cheer you on. I know it isn't much, but you have my support.
Miyako: And I'll naggingly point out every mistake.
Chris: Hmph, you think that little of me? When I need but turn on the vacuum and pass it over the tatami mats?
Chris: You need say nothing! Now, let me begin!
*Chris started cleaning.*
Chris: This is a piece of cake
Chris: But it smells so dusty... *cough*
Yamato: Yeah, I've stayed silent long enough. Open the windows!
Chris: Oh, o-of course. Windows should be open. Yes.
Miyako: Also, you put the vacuum on full power, but there's a recommended setting written on the tatami mats. You should follow that.
Chris: What? It is adjustable?
Miyako: Look, right here.
Chris: Oh, so it is.
Yukie: You should try to vacuum along the grain.
Chris: Huh? The tatami has a grain?
Yukie: Could I see that for a moment? (She took the vacuum.)
Chris: Ah...
Yukie: Like this.
Chris: Wow... Expertly done. All right, leave the rest to me.
Chris: Like this?!
Yukie: Not quite. Could I see it again?
Chris: Mmph.
Yukie: Please try to move the vacuum more slowly.
Chris: I see...
Chris: ...All right, that is pretty much that!
Yukie: This is a good time to teach you how to use a rag too.
Chris: Oh, I have one right here.
Yukie: A new one for every cleaning...? Well, let us use this one.
Chris: As I recall, you soak it in water first?
Yukie: No, a dry cleaning should suffice.
Chris: Then I shall rub it clean. Teigh!
Yukie: Wipe with the grain as well, please.
Chris: Haha, I see little need to--
Matsukaze: Fight the grain, Kurikicchi, and put that tatami into a world of hurt.
Chris: O-Oh.
Yamato: And so Chris found herself lectured by horse.
Chris: Be quiet, you...
Chris: ...No thoughts, no anger. Simply wipe...
Yamato: (They're white... With her cleaning in a skirt, I have a perfect view.)
Miyako: Chris, Yamato's looking at your underwear.
Chris: Wawa!
Yamato: Yeah, I was just about to mention that you should--Whoa!
*I found myself dragged down to the first floor.*
Miyako: If you wanted to admire underwear, all you had to do was ask. Let's go.
Yamato: Get your hands off my pants! I'm sorry I looked, okay?
Yamato: I like the lucky glimpse, but having such a clear view causes no end of troubles...
Miyako: How can you act so privileged? ...Men are so stupid.
Yamato: At any rate, I'm heading back up to support her.
Miyako: (His mind's on Chris all the time...)
Yukie: We should try to clean the paper door too.
Chris: Hahaha. Is there even anything that needs to be cleaned?
Yukie: Yes, there is. Look here, on the frame.
*Mayucchi was like a mother-in-law, running her finger along the dust.*
Chris: Oh?
Yukie: If we do not deal with this, it could absorb moisture in the air and form a stain.
Yukie: A cotton swab is best for the corners, but let's start with a feather duster.
Chris: A... what, exactly?
Yukie: I'll lend you mine for today. Please wait one moment.
Chris: ...I never knew Mayucchi could be so intense.
Miyako: She always is picky when it comes to housework.
Yukie: Thank you for waiting. I brought the feather duster.
Chris: And this will let me clean the door? Fantastic.
Chris: There, and there! (She stabbed at the dust.)
Chris: Th-The door went and broke on its own?!
Miyako: That was obviously your doing, Chris. You were too forceful.
Matsukaze: You're more of a wild buck than I am!
Yamato: Just calm down, Chris. (Yamato used Tranquility.)
Yamato: Everyone screws up their first time trying to clean.
Yamato: Let's take this one step at a time, okay?
Chris: Yeargh. Did I say you need to say something?!
Yamato: Mmm... There's no calming her. (It's not very effective.)
Chris: I do not need your advice... I must be gentle... And deliberate.
Chris: ...All right, I am done!
Yukie: Well done.
Chris: Oh, yes! There was something I wanted to say, a wonderful idea I had!
Chris: We should clean the ceiling as well! Brilliant, would you not say?
Matsukaze: Kurikicchi, doin' that'll send all the dirt tumblin' floorward.
Chris: Yes, wonderfully so.
Matsukaze: And where do you think all them parachutin' dust bunnies are goin'?
Chris: To the floor, natural... Oh!
Matsukaze: Yep. If you're gonna do the ceiling, that's gotta come first.
Chris: Come to think of it, Mar-san would do it that way.
Chris: I see... I had no idea there was a reason to it!
Yukie: What were you doing when she was cleaning?
Chris: While Mar-san was working?
Chris: I would read, or play with my stuffed animals, I suppose.
Yamato: ......
Chris: What is it, Yamato? Is there something you would like to say?
Yamato: No, nothing at all.
Yukie: Alright. Next, let's teach you how to do laundry.
Chris: Yes, and thank you.
Yukie: U-Umm... That includes her underwear, so...?
Yamato: Ah, I'll see myself out.
*I returned to my room.*
Yamato: Still, it looks like Chris has a long road ahead of her.
Kazuko: Mmm, mmm...
*Wanko was silently studying.*
Chris: Waaahhh! What is happening to the washing machine?!
Yukie: This is why you can't randomly push buttons!
Yamato: It sounds like a disaster up there... Hm?
Kazuko: Mmm, mmm, mmm...
Yamato: ...You blocked out all the noise, eh?
*Once she sat down and started studying, her concentration was amazing.*
*She'd be near the top of our class if she did this on a regular basis.*
*............*
Chris: Huff... Huff... I am exhausted...
Yamato: Honestly, good work out there.
Kazuko: I'm pooped too from all the studying.
Yamato: There, there. You did good too. (I patted her head.)
Chris: Your treatment of me and her feels different, somehow.
Yamato: Oh, do you want me to pat your head, too?
Yamato: You're a big girl now, Chris. There, there.
Chris: Mnn... Do not... Belittle me.
*Hmm. Her expression belied her words.*
*Her father's constant praise must have made her fond of moments like this.*
Yukie: By the way, there's no school today, so it's up to us to cook, right?
Yamato: That's pretty much it. Capt and Gen-san aren't around either.
Yukie: Then would you all like to cook together? And then we could eat together too.
Yamato: Good idea. I was just debating over what to do.
Kazuko: Can I join too, maybe?!
Yukie: Yes, by all means. Mrs. Shimazu stocked our cupboards with more than enough ingredients.
Yukie: Oh, but we are short on a few ingredients.
Yamato: We'll split the cost. How much is it a person?
Yukie: 200 yen should...
Yamato: That's nothing. I'll pay.
Kazuko: Sounds good to me. I call shopping duty!
Yukie: Then if you'll wait one moment, I'll jot down everything we need.
Yamato: Mayucchi, isn't it your turn to clean the bath? I'll cover that for you.
Yukie: I couldn't ask you to--
Yamato: I can't cook, so let me make it up there.
Yukie: All right. Thank you very much.
Yukie: I already finished cleaning the bathtub, so if you could just take care of the washroom?
Yamato: Roger.
Miyako: Then the two of us will cook the spiciest food imaginable.
Yamato: Don't let her anywhere near the spice rack, Mayucchi.
Yukie: I-I'll try my best.
*Everyone split off for their respective jobs.*
Chris: Uh? Uh, uh, uh?
*Chris looked around restlessly.*
Chris: Yamato, what should I do?
Yamato: You're exhausted, right? Why don't you go watch TV?
Chris: That simply will not...
Yamato: At any rate, cleaning this is a one-man job.
Chris: I see...
Chris: Miyako, Mayucchi, is there anything I can help with?
Miyako: No. You can go rest.
Chris: I-I see... There is not even an opening for me, there.
Yukie: Didn't you say earlier how tired you were? Please, take some rest.
Chris: Y-Yes, I did. Thank you.
Chris: ......
Chris: ...I can feel my stamina recovering, but...
Chris: ...No, this is not just. I must help.
Chris: Yamato, is there nothing new I can help you with?
Yamato: Nah, I'm good. I'll be done soon anyhow.
Chris: Is this sponge here to polish the faucet?
Yamato: Look, I've got it covered. You just rest.
Chris: I am going to clean! I am going to clean! I am going to clean!
Yamato: O-Okay.
Chris: Good, then leave this to me! Scrub, scrub... There.
Yamato: Oh, use this detergent.
Chris: Oh, this? Like this? (She poured from the bottle.)
Yamato: That's way too much! You're wasting it! (I snatched it away.)
Chris: Mmph...
Yamato: I'm seriously just finishing up here, so why don't you help in the kitchen?
Chris: ...Understood.
Chris: Miyako, Mayucchi. I have come to help.
Miyako: Oh, then go flip on the TV.
Chris: Like that?
Miyako: Sit in the chair.
Chris: Okay.
Miyako: Now watch.
Chris: All right.
Actor on TV: Hey, drab Cinderella!
Chris: Hahaha, this drama is rather funny.
Miyako: Okay, it's steamed tender. What do we do with the duck?
Yukie: Steep it in the lemon broth!
Chris: Wait. This is not right, Miyako!
Chris: There must be something I can help with. Come, challenge me!
Yukie: The two of us are more than enough, so...
Chris: No, I am going to cook! I am going to cook! I am going to cook!
Miyako: Tch, tch, tch. Unfortunately, that pouting is powerless against another girl.
Chris: P-Pouting?! I would not dream of--
Miyako: Great, could you not be in the way?
Chris: Oooh...
Chris: I... Am completely useless.
Chris: Even I must admit it...
Kazuko: Hey, out of the way! Coming through with the goods!
Chris: Argh! Even Dog is helping!
Chris: Th-This is infuriating! Yet there is nothing I can do!
*Chris started stomping in the hallway.*
*...If I made eye contact, she'd probably throw a punch at me.*
*Best to look into the distance as I tried to pass.*
Chris: Ooh!
*Whoa. She was staring at me. Straight at me.*
Yamato: Right, it's time for me to check the Dow...
*I talked to myself, which was somehow enough to get me past her.*
*She could be so spoiled sometimes.*
*...After dinner...*
*Chris thought to herself...*
Chris: (Hmm... I must admit, I was powerless to do anything today.)
Chris: (I am beginning to understand why they think me spoiled.)
Chris: (I never appreciated how much work goes into housework.)
Chris: (I must master these skills at once, lest I face more days of humiliation... Yes, that will not do.)
Chris: (And I especially cannot stomach Yamato's mocking ways.)
*The door creaked open.*
Chris: Ah...
Yamato: Huh...?
Chris: Ya... mato...
Yamato: I did knock. You should've said something.
*I said as I inspected her from head to toe.*
*My eyes instinctively went to her like glue.*
*Even those pink protrusions were exposed to my sight.*
Chris: Ah... Ah... (She was frozen stiff.)
Yamato: I assumed nobody was i--
Chris: Eeeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkk!
Yamato: Wait! Calm down! I still didn't actually do anything!
Yamato: Heck, this is your fault for not answering!
Chris: I-I was deep in thought!
Yamato: O-Oh. But that's fine.
Chris: ......?
Yamato: I didn't actually see everything, so don't worry.
Yamato: Just your boobs, is all.
Chris: Oh... Uh.
Yamato: So let's leave it at that. No hard feelings?
Chris: H-Hold on! You saw my breasts, and expect me to harbor no 'hard feelings'?!
Yamato: Weren't you paying attention? I'm the victim here!
Chris: When you saw my breasts, you think--
Yamato: That's not that special an event, really.
Chris: ......
Chris: One moment, Yamato. Surely even you realize how cruel that statement was.
Yamato: Oh, it bothered you? Sorry.
Yamato: But they're really shapely. Yeah. I mean, seriously.
Chris: Shut uuuuppppp!
Yamato: Gwaaaahhhhhh!
Chris: I cannot stand my own shiftlessness! You will not see another moment of weakness from me ever again!
*Her roars of anger echoed across the night sky.*
Yamato: I'm starting to like your silly stupidity more and more.
Chris: Yawn... Zzz...
Yamato: After saying all of yesterday that I wouldn't see another moment of weakness from you...
Chris: Mnnn...
*Chris turned over in her sleep.*
Yamato: H-Here I am, seeing everything. And black, too? How bold.
Chris: Zzz... Zzz...
Yamato: Your snores sound so tired. But too bad, Chris -- wake up.
Chris: Mnn...
Yamato: Let's try tickling your toes. Goochy goo!
Chris: Mnnph!
Yamato: Haggh!
*Her leg shot out wildly, smacking me in the chest.*
Yamato: You hit me, the greatest dodger alive...? Nice going.
Chris: *snore*
*Memories from yesterday flooded back to me.*
Yamato: Girl, I guess this is just the star you were born under.
*But I would never do anything that would rise to the level of sexual harassment.*
*After all, even though I couldn't sense her, I knew there was a pretty good chance Miyako was behind me, watching.*
Miyako: ...Chris isn't waking up?
Yamato: Nope. (I knew it... That was a close one.)
*Chris slept peacefully.*
*...On the way to school.*
Chris: Kh. Is it the destiny of man and woman to repeat their mistakes?
Chris: I must cut through this chain of torment!
Momoyo: Whoa there. Where'd that badass line come from, Kuri?
Chris: These past twenty-four hours have been a litany of mistakes. I can hardly believe myself!
Chris: I stayed up late researching housework, only to not get enough sleep...
Yamato: Which meant you overslept... Your torments really are chaining together.
Chris: Shut up!
Yamato: Okay, okay.
Chris: I must master these life skills as quickly as possible, both for my own honor and so that I no longer have to suffer your insults.
Momoyo: Hey, hey. What's that grumbling I hear?
Takuya: She definitely doesn't look like she's doing well.
Gakuto: It's obvious. Yamato clearly did somethin' awful to her.
Yamato: Don't look at me.
Chris: You think you are not to blame?!
Yamato: Whoa, you heard me?
Momoyo: Go take care of her, lil' bro. Sounds like it's your fault anyways.
*She started giving me a noogie. There was no way out, then...*
Yamato: Chris... If I can be serious for a second, don't let yesterday get to you.
Yamato: You don't have to master housework in a day. Just take baby steps.
Chris: ...My patience with your insults has run thin.
Chris: And that led to me oversleeping... How can it not get to me?
Chris: The only answer is to be immune to insults!
Yamato: You're taking this way too seriously. You need to take a more relaxed view of things.
Chris: Hmph!
Yamato: (She's turned stubborn... There's no changing her mind now.)
Miyako: Oh, the persuasion failed?
Momoyo: I thought he was better than that.
Takuya: Oh yeah, where's Capt?
Yamato: He called to say he's going to eat boar at the Wild Boar Park.
Takuya: What I wouldn't give to know how he decided to do that...
*--Lunchtime.*
Yamato: Chris, what book are you reading?
Chris: That is none of your business.
Yamato: You're such a child... Let's see. 'Basic Housework for Veterans'?
Chris: I borrowed it from the library. There is much knowledge here for me to absorb.
Chris: Hmm, so strawberries spoil faster when in the dark and cold...
Yamato: Hey, hey, shouldn't you be more worried about finals next week?
Chris: I can handle both.
Yamato: Without oversleeping and leaving yourself defenseless before me again?
Chris: This time I will be careful!
Yamato: Yeah, I don't believe that. That's just who you are.
Chris: That is enough of positioning me as a laughingstock.
Chris: I must master housework...
Yamato: I'm sorry. I promise I won't make fun of you even if you can't do housework, so let's all stay calm here?
Chris: Did you know that eggs last longer pointy-side down?
Yamato: You didn't hear a word I said, did you...
*But if this was partially my fault...*
Chris: Hmm, hmm... When choosing which fish to buy... The drier ones...
Chris: They should be shiny, firm to the touch, and with clear eyes...
*Then I had to do something, didn't I?*
*And the sooner the better.*
*At any rate, our rich girl was a handful and a half.*
*--That morning.*
Chris: *yawn* ...See, Yamato? I woke up on my own.
Yamato: But you look exhausted.
Chris: What is everyone doing?
Mrs. Shimazu: Shou-chan brought back bamboo, so we're preparing for Tanabata.
Tadakatsu: Great. Put the bamboo here and it's perfect.
Shouichi: All that's left is to hang the tanzaku.
Chris: TanZAKU?
Yukie: They're strips of paper. We write wishes on them, then hang them from the bamboo.
Yukie: The way they sway so colorfully in the wind is a sight to behold.
Mrs. Shimazu: Yep. This is a Japanese tradition, so join in, Chris-chan.
Yukie: Here's your tanzaku.
Chris: Th-Thank you. May I write any wish I want?
Yamato: --!
Shouichi: May life be off-the-walls insane!
Yukie: May I find more friends...
Miyako: May Yamato awaken to the true love waiting at his door...
Tadakatsu: I'm stuck writin' one too? 'May no one get sick'. That good enough?
Chris: I have made my choice -- 'May the light of justice shine upon the Earth'.
Miyako: That smells a bit religious.
Chris: Yamato, what will you do?
Yamato: Oh, I'll write mine later. Hahaha.
Chris: ......?
Yamato: More importantly, don't forget that the festival today is your treat.
Shouichi: Oh, from that time you were competing to see who could wake up first and all?
Chris: ...I would rather study, but... So be it.
Yamato: Knew you'd never shirk from duty. Now, what do I eat...
Chris: Keep it under 10,000 yen!
Yamato: That's more than I can eat. But if you're offering that much...
*--Kawakami Temple, Tanabata Festival.*
Momoyo: I heard there's an all-you-can-eat buffet, Yamato. Let me in.
Kazuko: Me too!
*Just as planned, the always-short-on-money Kawakami Sisters jumped at the chance.*
Chris: Dog, I only agreed to treat Yamato.
Kazuko: Then we'll just eat with Yamato. Easy.
Momoyo: You wouldn't say no, would you, lil' bro? Right? Hm?
Yamato: I mean, I--Oomph!
Momoyo: I can't hear you.
*She shoved my face into her boobs before I could get a word in edgewise. She wasn't taking no for an answer.*
Yamato: ...Yeah. Sure. Okay.
Momoyo: Good answer. Why don't we siblings all have a nice dinner together?
Momoyo: C'mon, Wanko. Speak your heart's desires!
Kazuko: First, cotton candy please! They're so fluffy!
Yamato: You heard her. Cotton candy it is.
Chris: Ugh... Suit yourselves... *yawn*
Yamato: You sound tired.
Chris: I am trying my hardest.
Yamato: Stop it. Cramming's not good for you.
Chris: Just shut up and eat the food I have to buy you.
Yamato: You know I'm seriously worried for you, right?
Chris: I cannot imagine that.
Yamato: Geez... Welp, here's the cotton candy.
Kazuko: We'll eat from each side. *om nom nom*
Momoyo: Then that makes this side mine. *chomp*
Kazuko: It's tasty and sweet. *om nom nom*
Momoyo: It's sweet and tasty. *chomp*
Yamato: So I'm just stuck holding it?!
Kazuko: Yum, thanks!
Momoyo: Yamato, go ahead and have some too.
Yamato: All that's left is the stick!
Momoyo: There's bound to be some sugar on it.
Yamato: What am I, a beetle...?
Kazuko: Next up, yakisoba! Agedama bomber!
Momoyo: Oh, that takes me back.
Chris: All right, all right...
Yamato: You should eat something too. The festival only comes once a year.
Chris: I am curious to try the chocolate banana.
Yamato: Then that's where we're heading next.
Momoyo: *om nom nom* Here, Yamato. I left you your share.
Yamato: There's only pickled ginger left!
Chris: Two of those chocolate bananas, please.
Momoyo: Wanko, let's decide who gets the chocolate and who gets the banana. Ready? On three!
Kazuko: I want the banana! Three, two--
Yamato: Hey, hold up. If you split the chocolate banana into chocolate and banana, you'll wind up sticking me with just the stick again!
Momoyo: But you will get to see us stuff our cheeks.
Yamato: What good is that?
Momoyo: I'm just having the chocolate, so I have to lick it off.
Momoyo: Just. Like. This. Mn... *smack*
Chris: Oh, is that the proper manner? *hamph* *smack*
Yamato: Just stop!!! (I hunched over, trying to hide a certain reaction.)
*In the end, the two gluttons gobbled up most of the food.*
*...Late that night, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Chris: Whew, that was a nice bath. I almost fell asleep.
Chris: Now, I must study hard!
Chris: ...Hm? Is that silhouette heading outside Yamato?
Chris: And with a tanzaku in hand. That must mean...
Chris: And yes, he has returned quickly. Which means he left to hang his wish on the bamboo.
Chris: Come to think of it, Yamato failed to do so this morning.
Chris: What could his wish have been? I must know.
Chris: I shall take a look.
Chris: Yamato's tanzaku is... This one!
Chris: He surely asked for something stupid, like for his schemes to succeed...
*She looked at the paper.*
*'May Chris not work herself sick -- Yamato'.*
Chris: Huh...?
*Her trains of thought ground briefly to a halt.*
Chris: ...This? This is what Yamato wrote?
Yamato: You know I'm seriously worried for you, right?
Chris: ...I see... He truly was worried about me.
Chris: ...Argh, I am such a fool.
Chris: ...I dash forward headlong, causing no end of trouble to those around me...
Chris: Perhaps I should spend a moment reexamining my own behavior.
*--Shimazu Dorm, living room.*
Shouichi: Oh, that star's still breathing?
Yamato: He's not a one-hit wonder. He's been working hard all over the place, even running a marathon.
Chris: ......
Shouichi: Oh. What's up, Chris?
Yamato: Weren't you not getting enough sleep? Get yourself in bed already.
Yamato: Sheesh, we really have to micromanage you...
Chris: ...Yes, I am off to bed.
Shouichi: Huh? Wow, that never goes that easy.
Yamato: (Great. Given that reaction, she must have seen the tanzaku.)
Yamato: (Timing things to make sure she saw me go outside was tricky...)
Yamato: (But in short, Chris was moved by my hidden kindness enough that she shouldn't work herself to death.)
Yamato: (And if Miyako finds it, I can pass it off as me being worried for a friend.)
Yamato: (I didn't lie, either. I would feel bad if she worked herself sick.)
Yamato: (Really, she's such a ton of work...)
*--That morning, on the way to school.*
Takuya: You don't look tired today, Chris.
Chris: Yes, I made sure to sleep properly.
Takuya: Wow. Did Yamato talk to you?
Yamato: I didn't do anything.
*I figured that would take care of that.*
*So today, it was back to building connections. There were some people in Class C I'd wanted to talk to.*
Mayo: Good morning. Isn't it such a nice day today, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: Oh, Class Rep. Hey there. I didn't notice you.
Mayo: That's strange. I gracefully walked up to you, like I normally do.
Yamato: (It's less that I didn't notice and more that I didn't see her.)
Mayo: Mmm? I sense wicked thoughts? From you, Naoe-chan?!
Yamato: I was. Just. Deep. In thought. Yeah.
Chika: Naocchi, like, you watch TV, right?
Yamato: Now and then, yeah.
Chika: Did you see the first episode of 'The Most Divine Kiss in the World'?
Yamato: (That heavy drama? I didn't like it.)
Yamato: (But, it sounds like she wants me to share in her excitement.)
Yamato: (I should just play along...)
Yamato: It's hard to judge after only one episode, but I think I'm going to really like it. Especially with how serious it is.
Chika: I totally agree! When I saw the protagonist battle his illness, I literally cried.
Yamato: (Nice. I'd never just be a complete yes-man, but when people are looking for affirmation, I can bring it.)
*I helped people along and built connections.*
*Someday those connections would be my strength.*
*Today we had practical philosophy with Beardy.*
Kyojin: Ready for today's discussion? Let's talk about the death penalty.
Kyojin: Do you think we should have executions?
Ikurou: Yeah. Without executions, what are we even doing?
Suguru: Life imprisonment does keep the door open to allow for release after a long enough period.
Tadakatsu: I'm for it, too. We're stuck payin' taxes to keep them in prison.
Chika: Sure, but don't some people get framed? That sounds super scary.
Ikurou: You girls should worry more about falsely accusing guys of sexual harassment.
Chika: If guys could keep their hands to themselves, maybe that wouldn't be a problem.
Kyojin: Hey, hey, let's stay on topic.
Mitsuru: Hmm. I do like the idea of allowing them to have a change of heart.
Gakuto: But you know, think of how you'd feel if your best friend got killed. You'd never want them freed.
Takuya: Of course you'd talk about friends and not family, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Dude, you can't kill my mom. She's the kind of woman who tackles armed thieves, forces them to take her to their base, then gets their whole gang arrested.
Kyojin: Then what about our foreign exchange student, Chris?
Chris: On the matter of capital punishment?
Chris: I agree. Evil acts must be judged, and capital punishment serves that purpose.
Kyojin: ...Naoe, what's your view?
*I thought...*
The death penalty is necessary
The death penalty should be abolished
I'm not sure
Yamato: I'm for it.
Gakuto: Right? You can't let them off the hook.
Yamato: We should abolish it.
Haguro: I'm with you. Like, can people really judge other people.
Suguru: (Of course they can, Blondie. Off with your head.)
Ikurou: Whoa, hey, are you trying to turn Japan into criminal heaven?
Chika: Oh, but isn't that what you've always wanted, Monkey?
Yamato: Capital punishment doesn't seem to be working as a deterrent, I guess.
Tadakatsu: Oh, that's where you stand? Didn't see that comin'.
Yamato: Yeah, well, I figured I had to take this side for there to be a real debate.
Yamato: Hmm, I'm not sure...
*Unable to choose, I dodged the question.*
Kyojin: This is turning into a real debate. Just call me Great Teacher Usami.
Miyako: Yeah... No.
Kyojin: Ack! Cut down by the archer?
Kyojin: What about you, sleepy Sakakibara?
Koyuki: Ahh... Ahh...
Kyojin: ...Yeah, she's not doing well. She checked out ever since joining this class.
Kyojin: Well, what do you say to joining this old man for eating some jumbo shrimp this evening?
Koyuki: Uh-uhh.... (She shook her head.)
Kazuko: Then I guess I'll just have to eat them instead!
Kyojin: YOU need to study for the finals.
*--Afternoon homeroom.*
Koyuki: Aww...
Jun: Yo, I've come today as a messenger.
Gakuto: Hey, hey, what brings you to the gates of Hell?
Koyuki: Ah! Jun! Jun! Jun!!!
Mayo: Thank you so much for coming, and we welcome you. What brings you here?
Jun: We'd like to bring Yuki back. We're willing to accept whatever demands you have.
Yamato: Is that Class S's consensus?
Jun: Yeah, we decided by majority vote. So please, give her back.
Gakuto: That's not on the table. You guys are pathetic.
Jun: I'm not saying you're wrong, but... Look how weak Yuki's become.
Ikurou: Sure, but she always bounces back and runs to you guys as soon as school lets out.
Yamato: We understand your position. We need to talk things over.
Mayo: That's true. This isn't for me alone to decide.
Jun: We'll be waiting.
Shouichi: Oh yeah, what happened to that Fushikawa girl? I haven't seen her since the sports festival.
Jun: She's stopped coming to school. Crying in front of everyone must've really messed with her head.
Shouichi: Seriously? I thought she was tough, but that's all she's got?
Jun: She'll show up for finals. After all, it's that or drop out of Class S.
*--On the way back to homeroom.*
Umeko: Oh, they've requested the return of Sakakibara Koyuki? Everyone, what do you think of that?
Ikurou: Nothing says we have to give her back. Man, she'll get used to this place any day now.
Haguro: Well, if it's yes or no, I'm, like, down with yes...
Haguro: But screwing those bastards over sounds way more fun.
Haguro: Whenever I walk by them, they start giggling, and say I smell like a meadow, and worse! Seriously, fuck them!
Class F Boy: You said it. If they're going to treat us as less then human, why should we care what they want?
Suguru: Class S's displeasure is the spice of life, the honey in my wine.
Mayo: Naoe-chan, what do you think?
We should give her back
We shouldn't give her back
I didn't care either way
Yamato: I don't mind giving her back.
Koyuki: ...Wow.
Gakuto: Yo, hey, are you a male in puberty or not? Do you get mornin' wood or not, dammit?!
Takuya: He has to say with Miyako here.
Gakuto: Oh, I guess you have a lot to deal with.
Yamato: I don't know how I feel about giving her back so easily.
Koyuki: *sniff*
Yamato: Ugh, but this really weighs on my conscience.
Miyako: How dare she sway my Yamato's heart with her tears?!
Kazuko: Mnn. I don't care either way, really.
Yamato: Either way works. I'll do whatever you guys decide.
Kazuko: You don't seem very interested.
Miyako: That's because he's more curious to know what color my underwear is.
Yamato: Like hell I am.
Miyako: I actually decided to boldly go commando.
Yamato: Please go to the bathroom and put some on.
Chris: Hmm... I had thought returning such a lifeless captive would be just, yet this issue is more deep-seated than I had realized.
*Whispered Chris as she leaned towards me.*
Yamato: What do you expect, with how they discriminate against us?
Chris: Then to stand here and declare we should cease this pettiness and return her would be a foolish act?
Yamato: Very. They'll just complain that you're too new to understand Class S's awfulness.
Chris: ...Hmm. In that case.
*She still stood from her seat.*
Chris: If I could offer my opinion...
Umeko: Say whatever you'd like.
Chris: I believe we should return her.
Chris: She has grown weak, and I feel sorry for her.
Chris: However, given everyone's feelings, perhaps we could settle on some condition for her release?
Ikurou: ...Well, there's that, depending on the whats and hows.
Chika: But like, we've got to really make them pay.
Mayo: Then let's proceed assuming we're going to issue demands.
Chris: My will shall not waver... But I will consider those around me.
Chris: See, Yamato? I can do it!
Yamato: Yeah. For you, that was really impressive.
Chris: I have been here two months. Of course I would do some maturing.
Chris: And part of that was due to you. You have my thanks.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: No, n-never mind.
Umeko: Naoe, Chris, refrain from having private, irrelevant conversations.
Yamato: I'm sorry I wasn't able to caution her against that.
Chris: Y-You...! I should have known better than to thank you!
*Maybe she was a bit more flexible...*
*Good, good.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Over summer break, you want me to teach you... housework?
Chris: Yes.
Mrs. Shimazu: You, when you're as pretty as a flower?
Mrs. Shimazu: I like your spirit. You've won me over so I'll teach you.
Chris: Thank you very much!
Mrs. Shimazu: But your finals come first. Good luck.
Chris: Thank you!
Mrs. Shimazu: What do you say to marrying my Gakuto? Act now, and you'll get this real estate in the bargain.
Chris: I must decline! We should stay good friends!
Mrs. Shimazu: I knew I was asking the absolute impossible, but... It's still disappointing to hear.
Yukie: Y-You don't want me to be your teacher?
Chris: You are a wonderful teacher, Mayucchi.
Chris: ...The problem is with me. Being taught by someone younger feels... Please understand.
Yamato: Yeah, you've got a lot of pride.
Chris: No one asked you.
Chris: When Mrs. Shimazu's not available, I will come and ask you.
Yukie: Great! I'd be happy to help.
Chris: But like Mrs. Shimazu said, next week's finals come first.
Miyako: Good girl. You're really taking the long view.
Chris: Yes. I must take things steady, one sure step at a time.
*With her passion, I was certain she'd learn housework, little by little.*
*Her father was sure to enjoy the report I'd give him.*
*......*
*A familiar scene was taking place in front of the school gate.*
Kyojin: It's already the season for going to the beach.
Umeko: I suppose it is. It's gotten hotter than ever.
Kyojin: Yeah, you said it. It's a scorcher.
Kyojin: What do you say to dodging the summer heat by stopping by a bear garden?!
Umeko: I'm sorry to say that, with finals coming up, I'm simply too busy.
Kyojin: Hahaha, they are, and I'm busy too!
Kyojin: But still, you know, I don't think anyone would blame you for taking one night for yourself.
Umeko: ...I'll consider it.
Kyojin: Thank you.
Umeko: Goodbye.
*Ms. Ume briskly strolled off.*
Kyojin: Did you see that? I'm making good progress.
Gakuto: Like hell you are!
Kyojin: Man, I can feel my journey nearing its destination!
Takuya: Be careful. I think that finishing line's just a mirage.
Kyojin: Nngh... All I want is a fun summer, you know?
Kyojin: Shiina, let me hear a woman's opinion. Do I have a chance?
Miyako: Nope.
Kyojin: Again you cut me to pieces... I'd rather be cut by love. That wouldn't hurt as much as this.
*...The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: Today is our pre-finals study session.
Kazuko: Well, not yet. First we get to eat the fried chicken Capt brought us.
Chris: Seeing this fried chicken made me wonder... Is Valentine's Day celebrated here?
Yamato: What's fried chicken got to do with Valentine's Day?
Chris: Yamato, how do you fare? Do you receive chocolate?
Yamato: I... am the king of receiving from friends.
Chris: Is that something to be proud of?
Kazuko: And that means I get to be super happy and eat tons of chocolate.
Miyako: But I'm the only one who chooses him as her special someone. Heheh.
Chris: Yours must be rather impressive.
Miyako: Actually no. If I make it too bizarre, he won't take it.
Yamato: I never thought I'd see someone cover their body in chocolate in real life, but there we were.
Miyako: Isn't he mean? ...But that's fine.
Miyako: He eats chocolate that I've dipped into all sorts of things.
Yamato: Hah, you're just saying you made them by hand.
Miyako: As far as you can tell. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: Wait... Then...?
Chris: What about you, Moro?
Takuya: For me and Gakuto, our childhood friends are messiahs.
Momoyo: Yeah, our friendly chocolates are about all they get.
Miyako: But I do take the time to make mine by hand.
Gakuto: She makes them spicy -- Chocolate! Spicy! -- to keep us 'warm' in winter. I shed many manly tears that day.
Gakuto: But there was one person who made somethin' special for just Moro.
Chris: Well, is that not wonderful, Moro?
Takuya: The person's name was Abe Tsuyoshi. A guy.
Chris: Oh...
Chris: What about you, Capt?
Shouichi: Me? People give me a ton.
Shouichi: And you better believe I have the good graces to eat every bite!
Gakuto: He talks a cool game, but I've never seen him give anythin' in return.
Shouichi: They wanna give me a gift, that's on them. Why do I gotta be stuck returning the favor?
Takuya: See...?
Shouichi: But you know, I'm no expert on this stuff, but aren't guys supposed to be buyin' girls all kinds of stuff?
Shouichi: Put it that way, and then all the chocolate they're giving is just evening the score.
Momoyo: Eh, maybe there's something to that.
Yamato: Then here I am buying plenty of return gifts in order to stimulate the economy.
Miyako: You don't have to spend any money on my present. All I ask is your love.
Yamato: And that's why they say something that's free has the highest cost of all.
Chris: Dog, are yours handmade?
Kazuko: I can't, so I work to buy mine.
Momoyo: I get a big haul, so I'll donate some of the bigger-sized ones to these guys.
Chris: Receiving your own would seem to be your lot.
Momoyo: Kuri, I bet you make some for your dad.
Chris: Yes, together with Mar-san.
Chris: Father is always so happy, he fires dozens of guns in salute.
Yamato: Are we sure he's not bankrupting the military?
Yukie: I've given to my father and Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: I don't get none from none but my girl Mayucchi, so that makes my day.
Chris: Strange. A wave of sorrow just washed over me.
Yamato: You've lived a strong life, Mayucchi.
Yukie: ...Ah! Come to think of it, I'd like to ask you all a question...
Yukie: Did everyone receive the cash handout?
Shouichi: Oh, ours oughta be in the mail right now.
Kazuko: What do I use it on...?
Gakuto: That is the question, isn't it?
Shouichi: Mnn, then how about we all use it to hang out together sometime?
Takuya: Sure, that sounds good.
Yukie: All right.
Miyako: I agree.
Miyako: ...Though it's up in the air whether or not my parent will send any my way.
Momoyo: ...Sorry, but I'm planning to use it to pay off my debts.
Shouichi: Oh, I wasn't counting on you saving up any cash anyhow.
Momoyo: Well, when the time comes, I'll figure something out.
*Ultimately, we started studying much later than I would've liked.*
*--Time for the finals.*
Shouichi: And we're finally done with finals!!!
Kazuko: Super fast too! Not that I'm complaining.
Gakuto: I feel kinda like time just tick-tocked straight to the ending.
Chris: So, did everyone finish strong?
Chris: Mm? Not quite, then?
Yamato: There's some questions you don't ask. But what about you?
Chris: I believe I will accomplish my goals, yes.
Yukie: I am certain I did well. Though the proctor was very upset when Matsukaze and I started talking during the test.
Matsukaze: I mean, ain't nobody gonna be happy to see you chattin' up a horse.
Momoyo: Why care about tests? It's about having fun when summer has arrived. -- Nice haiku, right?
Yamato: It really captures both the power and transience of summer break.
Momoyo: I feel like a dark cloud's settled on my mind.
Momoyo: This beautiful girl's going to snap if she doesn't find someone to beat up soon!
*Our battle maniac was getting frustrated, it would seem.*
Momoyo: Maybe I can let all that pent-up stuff out on my lil' bro?
Yamato: Kh. I knew I'd be the fall guy.
Momoyo: There's no way you're getting away. Not now, not ever. C'mon, let's play.
*Nee-san hugged me, which also kept me from getting away.*
Yamato: What's everyone say to a round of karaoke to burn off all the stress?
Takuya: My voice is... You know. But if nobody minds, I'm okay with it.
*Moro couldn't carry a tune, and never sang by himself.*
*But so long as nobody forced him to sing, he'd have fun singing along without the mic whenever a song he knew came on.*
Momoyo: That sounds good. Should let me let out some steam.
*We headed off to karaoke.*
Momoyo: Okay, what'll I sing for you guys?
Kazuko: First, let's order a round of oolong tea and have a toast.
Chris: Momo-senpai, are you confident in your singing?
Momoyo: I can even sing western songs. English class is boring, but I'll memorize song lyrics.
Yamato: And you're so good at pronouncing English.
Momoyo: Yes, I am.
Chris: Wow, so you are. Incidentally, this honey toast is amazingly huge!
Yamato: Your mind's already turned to food?
Chris: Mm, I never said that. I am eager to sing!
Chris: Then I shall go first, with 'It Doesn't Hurt to be Slashed by Love'!
*Chris sang enthusiastically.*
Yamato: Wow, you're good. Your voice is so pretty.
Chris: R-Really?
Miyako: Mmph!
Shouichi: Not bad. Looks like I'm gonna have to up my game.
Gakuto: Then now is the time to sing the 'Theme of the Death Squad'.
Miyako: I call next!
Yamato: Uh, this doesn't need to be a competition. You can go just go la--
Chris: Oh, do you want to compete against my score, Miyako?!
Takuya: I really don't think competing against her is a good idea.
*Miyako sang just as enthusiastically.*
Chris: W-Wow, I had no idea she was so good.
Yamato: The girls in our Family are all as good as idols, honestly.
Kazuko: ......
Yukie: ......
*Two of the girls looked away.*
*The karaoke continued into the evening...*
*And we proceeded straight to the Friday Meeting.*
Kazuko: Oh no, oh no, I still have to do today's reps!
Takuya: Can't you skip the sit-ups and stuff for one day?
Kazuko: No can do. You can't skip even one day. One, two, three, four.
Momoyo: Whew, all that singing cheered me up a bit.
Yamato: That's all I ask for.
Chris: We spoke regarding Valentine's Day before heading to karaoke, and...
Chris: It sounds like I missed many interesting events from before I arrived here in Kawakami.
Chris: Are there any other events I should know of?
Miyako: There's an amazing festival in the first week of April.
Kazuko: Eeek! That? That's what you bring up first?!
Gakuto: But that's -- you mean the Men's Festival?!
Kazuko: Nooooo!
Chris: Why have your cheeks turned scarlet, Wanko?
Momoyo: There's one internationally-famous festival in Kawakami...
Gakuto: And it's the Kawakami Namara Festival!
Chris: And what... is a 'namara'?
Kazuko: Yamato, they're perverts! They're all perverts!
Yamato: There, there. I guess this conversation is too much for you, Wanko.
Gakuto: What are you callin' perverted? It's a religious ritual.
Miyako: Right? I love how indignant the guys get in its defense.
Chris: But what is this Namara Festival about?
Gakuto: Remember how proudly Yonpachi and I carried the palanquin?
Yamato: I was there too, though Moro said no.
Takuya: Sorry, but that role is too much for me to handle.
Chris: I do not understand. Somebody explain.
Gakuto: Moro, show her some of the pictures that are online.
Takuya: Fine, fine, but don't come crying to me... There.
*The Kawakami Namara Festival...*
*Mara basically refers to a man's penis.*
*For part of the festival, a bunch of guys parade around a giant replica of a dick.*
*And of course the image Moro brought up had that bastion of male sexuality front and center.*
Chris: ...?
Yukie: What is it?
Yukie: I-I-I-I-It's the light of darkness?!
Matsukaze: Ah'm hung like a horse, but it's still got me beat! What sorta god's is that?!
Chris: ...? What has you so flustered?
Momoyo: Ooh, looks like one of you knows more about the birds and the bees, Mayucchi.
Yukie: ...Ah!
Yukie: N-N-N-N-No, umm, you see, I don't know much, not really, but it matched this image I saw online once so it has to be, uh...
Miyako: Basically, that thing that looks like a mushroom?
Miyako: *whisper*
Chris: --!
Chris: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What?!
Miyako: Also, it's modeled after Yamato's.
Chris: Goodness... It looks more akin to a weapon than anything else.
Yamato: Like hell it is! I wish it were, seriously, but nobody's got one that grand.
Gakuto: By the way, this festival isn't just sexual harassment.
Gakuto: It's said to bring success in business, a long family line, easy childbirth, marriage and family unity!
Miyako: You really know all about it, don't you? Well, so do I.
Shouichi: Plus, you wouldn't believe the things they're selling out on the street.
Gakuto: Yeah, like a lollipop shaped like the relic itself.
Miyako: And they sell like hotcakes, even to women.
Chris: K-Kawakami sure is an incredible city...
Kazuko: Yamato, are people done talking about nasty stuff?
*Asked Wanko, who'd been covering her ears.*
Yamato: It's currently going at full blast.
Kazuko: Eeeek! (She covered her ears.)
Gakuto: Wanko's always so innocent.
Gakuto: On the other hand... Mayucchi sounded pretty precocious.
Momoyo: Yeah, even though Kuri didn't know a thing.
Miyako: Might madam have the heart of a lecher?
Yukie: A-Auau... Umm, well...
Matsukaze: You got it all wrong! Mayucchi ain't done nothin' wrong!
Matsukaze: I'm the one who stumbled onto some stuff while surfin' the Net!
Matsukaze: Don't you go believin' Mayucchi got curious come her teenage years and went lookin' herself!
Yamato: Hey, you're digging yourself deeper with every word.
Momoyo: It's no big deal, Mayu-Mayu. Most girls get curious around that age.
Yukie: Aww, I know you're trying to let me down gently, but you don't understand...
*Not knowing when to give up, she continued to give excuses.*
*--Late at night, Chris's room.*
Chris: Today was quite the culture shock...
Chris: Oh, a call from Father! Yes, hello!
Chris's Father: Your voice is as beautiful as an opera singer in Bonn, my beloved Chris.
Chris: Father, I...
Chris's Father: Yes, I heard the report.
Chris's Father: It would seem you're making steady progress learning housework.
Chris's Father: I would expect nothing less of my daughter. You are my pride and joy, Chris.
Chris: Thank you so much!
Chris: But I spent so much time focusing on the exams that I am still terribly inexperienced.
Chris's Father: No, a student's job is to study. You made the right choice.
Chris's Father: It was a truly wise decision.
Chris: Whew... It is a relief to hear you say that.
Chris's Father: My beloved Chris, though I am certain you are happy to have made it through finals...
Chris: I know. I will not grow lazy, but instead strive to improve.
Chris: I hope to spend summer break mastering housework.
Chris's Father: An excellent plan, and just what I would expect from my daughter.
Chris's Father: And with the dorm mother as your instructor, there should be nothing to worry about.
Chris: No.
Chris's Father: Furthermore, do not forget that summer is when are their most aggressive. Be on your guard
Chris: I will, Father!
Chris's Father: But one man, Naoe Yamato, is an exception.
Chris: Huh...?
Chris's Father: Him you can rely on.
Chris's Father: (After all, he is directly tied to me.)
Chris's Father: I am not so narrow-minded as to demand you spend no time with men, but my heart would prefer you spend it with those like him.
Chris: A-All right...
Chris: (Yamato... He has my father's approval.)
Chris: (Incredible.)
Chris: I am enjoying myself here, but what about you?
Chris's Father: ...Hmm... To be honest, I am losing faith in Japan.
Chris's Father: At times, I even long to return to Germany.
Chris: Huh? You do?
Chris's Father: Oh, but you need not worry. I did promise I would be here for at least a year, after all.
Chris: Yes...
Chris's Father: But I am uncertain how much more I can take.
Chris's Father: The samurai spirit is gone from this land. Officials are dirtied with corruption, caring only for their elderly voters. A fruitless struggles for supremacy.
Chris's Father: And all that while the common people struggle in this recession. Nothing could be more foolish, wouldn't you say?
Chris: I... do not despair as much as you, Father.
Chris: But I will not deny that this is not the place I expected it to be.
Chris's Father: I realize the fault lies with me, for assuming a grandeur that does not exist, but...
Chris: (Father... I never imagined you could come to hate Japan.)
Chris: (But I know there are so many wonderful things here... Should I tell him about them?)
Chris: (No, my father's word is absolute. It is not my place to speak up.)
*.........*
*The summer rays beamed down on the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yukie: The cicadas have finally starting to cry.
Yamato: Yeah. Hearing them makes it feel like summer's here, honestly.
Yukie: So you are a fan of air conditioners, I take it?
Yamato: Yeah, I guess...
As a city boy, I need my air conditioner
I try not to use it that often
Yamato: I'm a city boy. I need my air conditioner.
Yukie: I see... Of course you would.
Yamato: Well, I do try to conserve energy, but it's generally more than I can take.
Yamato: I use air conditioning, but...
Yamato: I'd like to get through the summer using it as little as possible.
Yukie: Wow... I barely use it myself, so perhaps we can make that dream come true.
Yukie: Let's sprinkle water around the house. That will make it feel cooler.
Yamato: I see... So we're starting with the spirit, in true Japanese fashion.
Yamato: I bet Chris would like to join in on that. Hey, Chris!
Mrs. Shimazu: Once you've ironed an article of clothing, quickly hang it on a hanger. And this, it needs to become a habit.
Chris: Understood!
Mrs. Shimazu: You can be more forceful.
Yamato: ...Whoa, I guess we should leave her be.
Yamato: Mrs. Shimazu's busy teaching her how to iron.
Yukie: Chris-san is truly taking this seriously.
Matsukaze: At the rate she's goin', she's gonna be a master in no time.
Yamato: Then we'll spray the water by ourselves. *splash*
Yukie: Please try not to splash any passersby on accident.
Yamato: Like Chris would say, justice would lay us low.
Gakuto: Oh, wow. You two are spendin' all that energy somethin' so little as that?
Yamato: It's hot, so we thought we'd take steps to make things seem more bearable.
Gakuto: Oh yeah, there was this fat guy at Umeya red in the face complainin' that he didn't get enough curry.
Yamato: Why would you bring up curry when it's this hot already! Mayucchi, get him!
Yukie: I choose you, Wild Stallion!
Matsukaze: Bam!
Gakuto: Yeouch! You think you're so hot, you punk?!
Yamato: This is wonderful... Nice and peaceful.
*Vapor trails stretched across the blue summer sky.*
*...That evening.*
Chris: Yamato, may I have a moment?
Chris: I have slowly but steadily improved my housework over the last few days! Look at my growth and be amazed!
Chris: ...Huh? He is not here? ...Is he in the bath?
Chris: Now, what should I do... Hm?
Chris: Oh... These must be the hermit crabs!
Chris: They have normally buried themselves in the sand whenever I come, but... They truly are cute.
Chris: Let us see. Come on out, both of you. (She opened up the lid.)
Chris: Haha, resting them on my hand is so much fun.
Chris: This is rather amusing... Hm? There is something black in the tank.
Chris: Does he own more than just these two? Hey, come on out little guy.
*As Chris picked up the piece of driftwood...*
*...a cockroach scurried out.*
Chris: Waaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!
Shouichi: What's up? Something wrong?!
Chris: C, C-C-C-C-C-C...
Shouichi: I know that reaction. It was one of those speedy devils!
Chris: It just appeared, and from a place that it never should have been!
Shouichi: Double Newspaper Samurai Sword Mode: Activate!
Shouichi: There you are, you tiny little bugger. Ora! Midair Double Slash!
Shouichi: That did it. And down the toilet you go. That's like two experience points!
Chris: Thank you... That was quite the surprise.
Shouichi: So, where'd it pop out of?
Chris: The hermit crab tank in Yamato's room.
Shouichi: Oh, it finally showed its face? It's all coming together now.
Shouichi: Their tank, you see, is warm and humid, Yamato puts all sorts of food in there, and there's all those places to hide.
Shouichi: It's rare for a roach to sneak in there, but it'll happen now and then.
Chris: You would think the lid would keep them out.
Shouichi: The air hole alone's enough for them to sneak on in.
Chris: I-I see... Regardless, thank you for the help.
Chris: I must put the hermit crabs back into their tank...
Shouichi: Huh? You let them out?!
Chris: Yes. They were so cute that I let them play on my hand.
Chris: ...Huh?
Chris: One of them is missing...
Shouichi: What? Find it! Or Yamato's gonna snap!
Chris: Ridiculous. It's only been a minute so it can not have gone far.
Shouichi: Check every nook and cranny. They're small, so there's no knowing where they'll sneak into.
Chris: Capt, you did not notice where they went while you were battling the C.R.?
Shouichi: My eyes were fixed on that thing, right?
Chris: I-Is it here? ...No... Nor here...
Shouichi: Well, we're lucky he's in the bath. Just play it cool and find the--
Yamato: Wow, that was a good bath. It feels good to get all the sweat off.
Chris: ...Oops.
Yamato: What are you two doing in my room? (I chugged a glass of milk.)
Shouichi: I'm gonna say you're best off waiting to hear till you've finished up that milk.
Chris: ...Ah, I am sorry!
Chris: The truth is, one of your hermit crabs is missing.
Yamato: ...What?
Chris: Well, blah blah blah blah, and then blah...
Yamato: Hermy's here... So Crabba's missing?!
Yamato: Drop everything else and find her! Tear the place apart!
Chris: O-Okay.
Yamato: Crabba's always loved to climb trees... Maybe she's up here?
Miyako: Hmm? What's going on?
Yukie: Is everything okay?
*I had Miyako and Mayucchi join in the search.*
Shouichi: I found her here, between the game consoles!
Yamato: Crabbaaaaa!
Yamato: Are you all right?!
Yamato: ......Whew, she's fine.
Yamato: But that must have been stressful. I'm sorry, Crabba.
*I gently returned her to her tank.*
Chris: Th-Thank goodness, Yamato. I am sorry.
Yamato: ...Chris, sit seiza there on the floor.
Chris: I-In seiza?!
Yamato: I said sit!
Chris: A-All right!
Yamato: Chris... I believe we taught you previously that there are certain things that people hold precious, even if no one else can understand?
Chris: Y-Yeah...
Yamato: One of the things I hold dear are my hermit crabs.
Yamato: Watching them play in their adorable way is so soothing.
Yamato: So what, exactly, did you think you were doing?
Chris: As you say, they are incredibly cute...
Chris: So I let them out of the tank and put them on my arm.
Yamato: That's not how you do it!!!
Yamato: Hermit crabs are delicate creatures. You don't raise them to sit on your arm like a parrot!
Yamato: If anything, the stress could've shortened their lifespans!
Chris: I-I had no idea... I will be more careful in the future.
Yamato: Well, even if I somehow bring myself to let that slide, how could you have abandoned them as you fled from the roach?
Chris: The C.R. appeared so quickly that it caught me by surprise, so--
Yamato: Does a knight turn tail and flee just because she's surprised by a foe?
Chris: Never!
Yamato: And yet, Lady Knight, didn't you run away and leave the hermit crabs behind?
Chris: I-I did not mean to... I cannot stand those things.
Yamato: So you run from your fears? I guess your chivalry has its limits.
Chris: No! I am simply inexperienced, but my values are not at fault!
Chris: I am sorry, Yamato... Okay?
Yamato: Do you really think those puppy-dog eyes will work on me?
Chris: Ugh.
Yamato: Maybe they have, up until now.
Yamato: But maybe it's time to welcome you to the real world!
Chris: Ooh!
Chris: ...All I can offer... Is an apology.
Yamato: ...Chris, you can go.
Chris: Hmm?
Yamato: I need to care for the hermit crabs after what you did, so you can leave.
Chris: Is there anything I can do to--
Yamato: N-O No.
Chris: ...I see...
Chris: ......
Yamato: What? Why haven't you left?
Chris: You are still angry, and have not yet forgiven me.
Chris: What should I do?
Yamato: You don't get it. Sometimes, things don't just magically smooth over in one night.
Yamato: Look, just get going.
Chris: ......
Yamato: What? Why aren't you saying anything?!
Yamato: I told you to leave!
Chris: ...Ummm.
Yamato: Huh...?!
Chris: *sniff*...
Yamato: Oh...
Chris: W-Waaaaah...
Shouichi: Oh, this's bad...
*Chris was crying?!*
Oh no! She broke into tears!
A few tears won't get her off the hook!
Yamato: S-Sorry. I guess I went too far.
Chris: Ugh... Ooh... *sniff*
Yamato: You really think crying's going to help?
Yamato: That's your problem, Chris.
Chris: Ooh... Ooh... *sniff*
*To no one's surprise, she didn't listen to me.*
*But making her cry probably didn't look the best.*
*I glanced around.*
*Everyone seemed uncomfortable.*
Yamato: So this my fault?
Miyako: It's 120% your fault.
Chris: ...*sniff* ...*sniff*
Shouichi: You made her cry! You made her cry!
Yamato: Shut up!
Chris: *hic* ...Ooh... Ooh.
Yamato: I-I'll forgive you, Chris. The hermit crabs are fine, after all.
Yamato: So please, stop crying.
Yukie: Matsukaze, could you say something that Chris-san can't help but respond to?
Matsukaze: Hmm, we're on the scene of the murder. The China-made chair exploded, but there's nothing suspicious about it.
Yamato: Umm... Mayucchi, could you take a hint and realize now's not the time?
Yukie: Hauu, I'm sorry.
Yamato: How do I say this... I know I can be kind of intense when it comes to hermit crabs, so... Sorry.
Chris: *sniff*...
Yamato: C'mon, you're getting snot everywhere. (I handed her a tissue.)
Yamato: I'm sorry. *pat pat* Here, wipe away your tears.
Chris: ...Okay...
Yamato: ...What're you all looking at?! Out, out!
Shouichi: Dude, I thought you were cool.
Yamato: Shut up!
*...Eventually, I finally drove everyone off.*
*The hermit crabs made my mind turn to mush; I couldn't stay composed.*
*But who could blame me? They were just that cute.*
Yamato: ...Have you calmed down?
Chris: Yes, I am fine now...
Chris: What sort of knight breaks into tears? I must seem pathetic.
Yamato: ...Don't be so hard on yourself. I shouldn't have been so aggressive.
Chris: ......
*...The awkward atmosphere wasn't good for my heart.*
*The sooner we made up, the better. But that meant...*
*I opened the door.*
Yamato: Stop eavesdropping, all of you!
*None of them wanted to mind their own business.*
Yamato: ...Chris, could we talk outside for a moment? Follow me.
Chris: All right...
Yamato: Put this on your leg. It'll drive mosquitoes away, just in case there's any.
Chris: Does it work?
Yamato: It's a Kuki Conglomerate product, and there's commercials with Ebi-chan saying the stuff works wonders.
Shouichi: Ah, don't take her outside! That ruins our fun!
Miyako: Let's give chase, but nobody break the speed limit.
Matsukaze: Ain't leavin' them to their lonesome the better choice, Miyako-san?
Miyako: That might lead to them becoming a couple. I won't allow that to happen.
Matsukaze: D-Damn, girl. You're da' boss.
Yamato: It sounds like we're being tailed. Moving on foot might have been a mistake.
Yamato: Chris, get on behind me. I've got a story to tell.
Chris: All right...
*We left on Gouram (my bicycle).*
Miyako: They're riding Gouram? And with Chris sitting on the back?
Miyako: If he was going to let anybody on, he could've at least chosen me.
Miyako: Whatever. I'll still chase him down, now and forever.
Matsukaze: Sure, but they got wheels.
Miyako: Days like today are why I never skip leg day!
Yukie: Y-You're running after them? Incredible.
*............*
*It was a hot and humid night, with nary a breeze to be felt.*
*We rode along the Tama River.*
Yamato: My mom loved hermit crabs to death.
Yamato's Mom: Yamato, hermit crabs are awesome. Seriously.
Yamato's Mom: Aren't they cute? You're old enough to start taking some responsibility, so you ought to be able to take care of a crab.
Yamato: She used to lead a gang, and she loved living creatures.
Yamato: But one day, my dad, who I looked up to, told me...
Yamato's Father: Yamato, I see you truly care for the hermit crabs.
Yamato: Yeah.
Yamato's Father: So I want you to kill them.
Yamato: Huh...?
Yamato's Father: People mature by losing the things they value.
Yamato's Father: Killing your beloved pets will let your mind mature.
Yamato's Mom: Umm, Maste-- I mean, dear, doesn't that seem too--
Yamato's Father: You would dare talk back to your master? I'll have to punish you later.
Yamato's Mom: I'm sorry... (He had her at his beck and call.)
Yamato's Father: Now Yamato, it is time to kill.
Yamato: ...I can't do it!
Yamato's Father: Oh?
Yamato: I don't think it will cause me to grow!
Yamato's Father: Then you would disobey me?
Yamato: Yes!
Yamato's Father: Yes, excellent! Well said, Yamato.
Yamato's Father: Nothing is more important than the courage to look someone in the eye and tell them they are wrong.
Yamato's Father: You are a good son. The hermit crabs are a gift from your mother, I believe? Hold them dear.
Yamato: ...Do you understand now?
Yamato: That's where my love of hermit crabs comes from.
Chris: I see... I had no idea.
Chris: ...Yours does seem like a strange family.
Yamato: I think so, too.
Chris: They mean so much to you, and yet I... I am sorry.
Yamato: It's fine, really. And I'm sorry I snapped.
Yamato: Oh, but the hermit crabs I had then already reached the end of their lifespans and went to Heaven... Hermy and Crabba are different ones.
Chris: How long do they live?
Yamato: Ones their size live about four or five years at most.
Chris: I see...
Chris: You must truly respect your father.
Yamato: Yeah. Just like you do yours, I guess.
Chris: ...Your love seems slightly different.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: I consider my father's word absolute.
Chris: After all, I respect him from the bottom of my heart as a soldier.
Chris: So the life I want to live is one where I live for my father, and am even willing to risk my life for him.
Yamato: I see... And that's part of why the bushido code resonates so strongly with you.
Chris: Exactly. Chushingura's Forty-seven Ronin is a good example.
Chris: They are candid and honest in serving their master. They are justice itself, shining in all of its glory.
Yamato: You love your father more than I thought.
Yamato: ...Well, I'm glad we had this conversation.
Chris: As am I. I understand you better now.
Yamato: You understand how weird my family is?
Chris: That is part of it.
*Her smile had returned to her.*
Chris: By the way, are we heading to any particular destination?
Yamato: Yeah, and we've just arrived. This is it.
Chris: There does not seem to be anything here.
Yamato: Since you love Japan so much, I thought that, as part of my apology, I'd show you one of the hallmarks of summer.
Chris: ...Hmm? Is someone here?
Miyako: Hey, what a coincidence to find you here. (She sensed me.)
Yamato: ...You followed us, didn't you?
Chris: Oh, I was so caught up in the conversation that I never noticed.
Miyako: I just happened to long to see those same faint lights.
Yamato: And now you're giving spoilers... We're heading up there, Chris.
Chris: Wow... Such beauty!
*A field of lightning bugs.*
Yamato: They're called fireflies.
Chris: I know. They are in Germany too.
Yamato: Really? Huh, I never knew.
*I should've done more research.*
Chris: Though that said, I have never seen so many in one place.
Chris: So I am happy to see this. It looks so magical.
Miyako: If I hadn't come, this probably would've been a really romantic moment.
*Whispered Miyako in my ear.*
Yamato: Eh, I'm just trying to apologize.
Chris: Is this place famous?
Yamato: Sure, to us locals. Most people around here know it.
Yamato: The old folks say you used to see them all along the Tama River, but nowadays you only spot them in a few places like this one.
Chris: Wow... Oh, I thought that one was about to land on my hand.
*She looked like a kid in a candy store.*
Chris: I see they fly in rather straight trajectories. Hmm.
Yamato: Umm, I think that's a Luciola Firefly?
Chris: The more I watch them, the prettier they seem... Hey, Yamato?
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: Could I bring one... No, it would be too lonely. Could I bring two or three home?
Miyako: You're such a... There you go again.
Chris: Hm? I cannot?
Yamato: It's even considered bad manners.
Chris: Mmngh...
Chris: But they would be so pretty when I turn off the lights in my room.
Yamato: I guess.
Chris: ...But if those are the rules, then so be it.
Yamato: Plus, while fireflies are really pretty to watch from up here...
Yamato: When they turn off their lights, they look a lot like that 'C.R.' from earlier.
Chris: ...Enough of that idea, then.
Yamato: But okay, so there's fireflies in Germany too... This was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing, so...
Chris: Did I not say that this was the first time I had seen so many in one place?
Chris: Thank you, Yamato.
Yamato: You've gone from tears to a smile so fast.
Yamato: (Out here, Chris looks so cute...)
Yamato: (Shit, now my heart's racing?)
Miyako: This brings back memories...
Miyako: In elementary school, we preferred to play in the river during the summer instead of the city pool, so we spent a lot of time here.
Miyako: ...Yamato?
Yamato: ......
Miyako: --!
Miyako: (Yamato's staring at Chris...)
Miyako: (And the look on his face... It's one I've never seen.)
Miyako: (So he is developing feelings for her?)
Miyako: (You were supposed to save that expression for me...)
Yamato: Hmm? Miyako?
*Miyako left for home, hanging her head as she walked.*
Yamato: ...Ugh. (Did she see me tense up there?)
Yamato: (Then she must have figured it out, realized I have feelings for Chris.)
Yamato: (I'm sorry, Miyako...)
Chris: Heh... I will have to be alert.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: No matter how well things may seem, I am certain you will once again ruin it by waltzing into the bathroom while I change?
Yamato: C'mon, there's no way that happens again.
Chris: I am not so sure. Perhaps I should bring my rapier with me.
Chris: Then I can give anyone foolish enough to peek a sharp riposte.
Yamato: A deadly sharp riposte... I'll be careful.
Yamato: Well, wanna get going?
Chris: ...Do not move.
Yamato: ......?
*Chris threw a few punches, like she was shadowboxing.*
Chris: There were some mosquitoes, but they are no more.
Yamato: You're the most dependable bug repellent in the world.
Chris: Oh, speaking of dependability...
Chris: Nanahama is close by, is it not?
Yamato: Yeah, it's a straight shot along the Nankaido line. It goes from Shinagawa to Kawakami, and then to Nanahama.
Chris: Father is stationed on a ship near Nanahama Port.
Chris: We will be having dinner together to celebrate the end of exams.
Yamato: Yeah, that sounds great.
Chris: However, he asked to meet at the 'Hyourinmaru', but I do not know what that is.
Yamato: It's in Nanahama Park. It's the biggest tourist spot there.
Chris: I see. If I asked at the magistrate's office, could they guide me there?
Yamato: ...Did you forget we don't have those anymore again?
Chris: Hm?
Yamato: Tomorrow's Sunday anyways... Eh, maybe I could show you the way.
Chris: Oh, truly?
Yamato: We're so close to Nanahama that we have to show you the sights sooner or later.
Chris: That sounds fun! By all means, please.
Yamato: You're really up for it.
Chris: I was thinking to take Mar-san there once she recovers.
Yamato: That's so thoughtful.
*And so Chris and I made up...*
Yamato: Alright, time for a quick shower.
Chris: Still inside! I am the last girl, so just wait a bit longer.
Yamato: No problem...
Yamato: (It's weird how it's always Chris in there last.)
Yamato: (She's been in there for an hour and a half. Whatever, I'm going in.)
Yamato: Okay bath, here I come!
Chris: --!
Yamato: You're taking way too long in the bath!
Chris: I fell asleep!
Yamato: Gwah!
Chris: I knew I should have brought my rapier.
Chris: Goodness. What are we to do with you, Naoe Yamato?!
Yamato: ...You're the one hogging the bath!
Chris: You still could have knocked!
*Our amicable relationship didn't even last the night.*
*--Nanahama, the greatest port city in Japan.*
*150 years had passed since Japan had opened its ports, and it showed no sign of slowing down.*
Yamato: It's just so hot... What's with this heat?
Chris: Lubeck never gets this hot...
Yamato: If you start feeling sick, tell me.
Chris: If anything, I should be warning you to tell me if you near your limit.
Yamato: Why are you trying to act tough? I've lived through this all my life, so you have to be doing worse.
Chris: No, no, you are the one who...
Chris: ...All this arguing will only make more hot air!
Yamato: Just being able to realize that shows how much you've grown.
Ringtone: Milord, 'tis a letter-arrow!
Chris: ...Mmm. Father sent a text. He is worried about me.
Yamato: You'd think you're the only thing on his mind... Also, what's with that ringtone?
*--Cosmo World, Nanahama.*
Chris: Wow, that Ferris wheel is gigantic.
Yamato: It's so famous, it's 'destroyed' in pretty much every monster movie filmed here.
Chris: An amusement park... My heart feels like dancing.
Yamato: Your body too, by the look of it. You're already skipping.
Yamato: If you expect me to kindly ask you what you want to ride, you're talking to the wrong man. I'm deciding on my own.
Chris: Why must you always be so belligerent?
Yamato: Let's ride the water slides over there.
Chris: The sprays of water do look cooling.
Chris: But the line is so long! It will take forever...
Chris: What should we do? Personally, waiting seems...
Yamato: The line might look long, but each ride is short.
Yamato: See, the line's already moved while we've been talking.
Chris: Oh, so it has.
Yamato: Shall we join the line, Frau Chris?
Chris: Mmngh. Why would you call me that?
Yamato: Maybe 'cause you're spoiled and impatient?
Chris: What was that?!
Yamato: And that short temper of yours proves it. You really do need to learn some patience.
Chris: I do not hold myself back around friends.
Chris: And so for you, let me show you my raging temper. Teigh!
Yamato: Owch. Don't karate chop me.
Chris: Teigh, teigh!
Yamato: That's enough chops already.
Yume: Excuse me, but there's an opening in front of you, so...
Yamato: Oh, s-sorry.
Chris: Apologies...
Yume: Ugh... I wish I had a boyfriend.
Natose: You can't give up now, Yume!
Yume: Well, I do have you, Natose-san.
Yamato: Hey, hear that? I guess we look like a couple.
Chris: A couple? And to think we are just friends.
Yamato: It's because you always come swinging at me.
Chris: 'To come swinging' is an expression that has always sounded strange to me...
Yume: Excuse me? The line...
Yamato: Oh, sorry.
*That same scene must have played out four or five times in a row.*
*Finally, we got on the water slide.*
Chris: And it was over in an instant...
Yamato: I can't believe you dodged the spray. The whole point was to enjoy the cool water.
Chris: I wondered if I could, and I had to find out.
Chris: All right, I shall decide the next ride.
Yamato: The roller coaster? All right, if you insist.
Chris: No one said a word of that. The Ferris wheel is my choice means I want to ride the Ferris wheel.
Yamato: Are you okay with heights?
Chris: Well, they are not my strength, but not my weakness either.
Yamato: Then lucky us. We get the glass cabin.
Chris: Why is this the only one made entirely out of glass?
Yamato: It's not. There's two. But yeah, we hit the jackpot.
Chris: Mmmph...
Yamato: Wow, this is pretty thrilling.
Chris: Heh, this is nothing.
Yamato: You should look down too. You're missing the view.
Chris: A knight never stares down at her feet.
Yamato: Uh, you were staring down at your feet pretty hard when I was yelling at you.
Chris: ...I was? Hmph.
Yamato: Wait, don't tell me you're scared? Are you frozen stiff?
Chris: Do not be ridiculous. Look, I can move around at will. Hah!
*The cabin shook.*
Chris: ...?! Hey, why is the cabin shaking?!
Yamato: Because you're shaking it!
Yamato: ...C'mon, look there. That's the luxury liner Hyorinmaru.
Chris: It is close. Would that not be only a short walk from here?
Yamato: But if I hadn't told you, you probably never would have found it.
Chris: I am no fool. I obviously would have figured it out once I got close.
Yamato: Even a journey of a thousand inches begins with a single step. The tale of your desperate search will become a movie, I'm sure of it.
Chris: A good story demands a longer journey than that. I shudder to think of its box-office numbers.
Yamato: Eh, I'm sure people will flock to see you playing the lead role.
Chris: That is the most obvious flattery I have ever heard. I do not enjoy it in the slightest.
Chris: Heheheh.
Yamato: (I've never met someone so easy to manage.)
Chris: Hey, Guide, what is that place that is sticking out?
Yamato: Drop the nickname. And that's Oosanbashi, a pier.
Chris: Oh, I see. That must be where they launch the ships that carry exiles.
Yamato: We're going to have to take fixing your warped understanding of history slow and steady.
*We reached the highest point of the Ferris wheel.*
Chris: Still, what possessed them to make this cabin out of glass?
Yamato: For the fun of it. I mean, check out the view.
Chris: ...Hmph. I-I suppose.
Yamato: It's clear as day you're uncomfortable with it.
Chris: I do feel strange, as if I were about to plummet...
Chris: I do not like it.
Yamato: Mm, so you really are feeling bad. I'm sorry to hear that.
Yamato: ...I've got it. Chris, look straight at my hand.
*I pulled out an orange from nowhere.*
*Then I vanished it back into the void, as far as Chris could tell.*
Chris: W-Wow. How did you do that?
Yamato: For my next trick, see how I have clutched in my hand the white dragon mahjong tile.
Yamato: But I'll close my hand, and open it back up to reveal the red dragon.
Chris: Wow. But how? How?!
Yamato: I want you to pick one of these four cards.
Chris: ......?
Yamato: Did you pick... This one?
Chris: How did you read my mind?!
Yamato: So I was right. Honestly, that trick is pretty much a coin flip...
Yamato: Basically, when I line them up like this, a lot of people will choose this one.
Chris: Amazing...
*While all of that was going on, our cabin reached ground level.*
Chris: We have arrived already?
Yamato: That bought a lot of time... It took your mind off things, right?
Chris: ...You were being considerate.
Yamato: Those petty tricks you hate so much aren't useless after all.
Chris: Yes. I cannot even bring myself to retort.
Chris: But I do have one question: Are you always carrying those with you?
Yamato: Yeah. They're both to kill time, like right now, and for emergencies.
Chris: Emergencies?
Yamato: Let's say I'm alone without anyone who's good in a fight, and some punks come after me. Such as this one time, when I was in middle school.
Thug: You're one of those Kawakami Middle kids. Gimme your money.
Yamato: I don't have any, but I'll show you a magic trick instead.
Thug: Huh? Why the hell would I care about some stu--
*I showed off some cheap tricks.*
Thug: Hahaha. Damn, you're weird. You gotta tell me how.
Yamato: Sure. First you do this, and then...
Thug: Hmm, maybe I'll do that for this chick. Get outta here, kid.
Yamato: Sure, and thanks.
Yamato: ...And that's how magic tricks got me out of trouble.
Chris: That is so very you.
Yamato: I didn't pay up, and he didn't hit me either. And because I didn't attack him, I don't have to watch my back for him.
Yamato: It's amazing what some patience can buy you.
Chris: Yes, I understand that is your way of life.
Chris: How do you put up with it all? For goodness sake.
Yamato: Eh, I just wish I was better at putting up with a full bladder.
Yamato: I'm off to the bathroom. Stay here in the shade.
Chris: What is with your tone?! How can you be so rude?!
Yamato: Because I don't want you wandering off anywhere.
*............*
Chris: ...I feel as if it is getting hotter and hotter.
Playboy: Huh? A girl all by herself? Hey, wanna hang with me?
Chris: Mm.
Yamato: Too bad, she's with me. Sorry.
Playboy: Tch. Wish I had a hot chick like that.
Yamato: Sorry to keep you waiting. Are you starting to get thirsty? Want a drink?
Chris: Yeah. You bought me one already? How thoughtful of you.
Yamato: That'll be 200 yen.
Chris: And how stingy of you...
Yamato: I would've thought you wouldn't want me to treat you.
Chris: Now is different. I am welcome to accepting your generosity.
Yamato: So you've had a change of heart... Right, what do we ride next?
Chris: Hmm... Yes, we have another two hours yet.
Yamato: Only two hours... That's it?
Chris: Mn, apologies.
Yamato: N-Nah, forget I said anything. *cough*
Chris: What is it? Are you all right?
Yamato: (Why'd I blurt that out? Do I want to hang out with her longer that badly?)
Chris: Are you feeling unwell? (She rubbed my back.)
Yamato: N-Nah, it's nothing...
*And I could feel my cheeks redden...*
*Her presence inside me grew and grew.*
*--That night.*
Chris's Father: Yes, there is no better sushi than medium-fatty tuna...
Chris's Father: So, you went to the amusement park today?
Chris: Yes. Other than that... There was one stranger who hit on me.
Chris's Father: The nerve! How dare he poison your ears with such evil words?!
Chris's Father: I will activate all troops at once, and drop a satellite upon that man's house!
Chris: Oh, but Yamato drove him away. With him gone so soon, he was no bother.
Chris's Father: Oh, did he now? Hmm, I see.
Chris's Father: Then he is indeed worthy of attention. I would like him on my staff.
Chris: Is he that promising?
Chris's Father: Yes. His is a quick mind. I know his craftiness may be frustrating to one as chivalrous as you, but this world also demands such talents.
Chris: Yes, I understand that now.
Chris's Father: Indeed you do. You have grown, Chris.
Chris's Father: So for succeeding thus far in your trial, I have for you a present.
Chris: Th-The rare teddy bear I wanted!
Chris: Father, thank you so much!
Chris's Father: You are welcome. Your smile is worth the world to me.
Chris's Father: (My precious daughter... I will never let anyone harm you.)
*--The Wednesday before summer break.*
Shouichi: Hey Yonpachi, I went and got you the goods you asked for.
Ikurou: Whoa. The water Chris bathed in?
Shouichi: Don't expect me to be doing this again... Now hand over the cash.
Ikurou: I'll have to savor it... Here's the money.
Ikurou: Pleasure doing business with you... There's no smell, and as for the taste...
Ikurou: *gulp* *gulp* *gulp* ...Incredible!
Ikurou: Chris's taste... It's giving me energy!
Yamato: What are you selling, Capt?
Shouichi: The guy was asking me for some of the water Chris had gone and bathed in.
Yamato: And you actually sold him that?
Shouichi: You kidding? I just filled a bucket with some of the stuff in there after I got out.
Yamato: You defrauded him? You?
Shouichi: But dude, anyone who makes an order like that's gotta be a pervert, right?
Yamato: There's no doubt about that.
Shouichi: Then this here's his just deserts.
Shouichi: Though there's one thing...
Ikurou: This has a real rich flavor. Maybe one you can only get from a foreigner.
Shouichi: Seeing that made me wanna puke, you know?
Yamato: Well, you got paid, so you can't start complaining now.
Shouichi: But all that said, Yamato, your reaction was like you took a punch to the gut.
Yamato: Ugh! N-Now that you mention it...
Shouichi: There's only one thing that could mean...
Shouichi: You're lookin' for a share of the profits, you money-grubber!
Yamato: (Someday, Capt, you'll learn. Someday.)
*And today was the day we got our test results!*
Miyako: The top fifty are posted in the hallway.
Yamato: Great! Let's go see, Gakuto!
Gakuto: Are you tryin' to piss me off, you sadist?
Gakuto: I will stay here and save my energy, for we have swim class next.
Chris: The results are posted in the hallway? This I would like to see.
Yamato: Then let's go.
Touma: To little surprise, Nakamura-kun indeed is not present within the top 50.
Kokoro: Then that will be the end of his time in Class S. I had thought him tougher than that.
Jun: And I'm impressed you clawed your way in at 40th.
Kokoro: A noblewoman like myself would never fall in a simple meritocracy.
Touma: Yuki's 49th. A close shave, but that does put her in the top 50.
Touma: Ideally, she would have through her own efforts advanced back into S, yet this would put an end to that.
Kokoro: How fare the negotiations?
Jun: Their demands are all over the place, like wanting time in a closet with our girls, and a group date hot guys with a guarantee to go home with someone.
Kokoro: They are truly lawless and profane, crooks who would do anything to satisfy their lusts.
Jun: Still, once I made it clear that wasn't happening, we've made some progress.
Jun: I'll have her back before the school festival, just you wait.
Touma: I see persistence is of the essence. You have our trust in this.
*Once the Class S students disappeared, the others waiting in the wings crowded forwards.*
Yamato: It's packed. But let's see...
Chris: Oh, impressively done. 14th place?
Yamato: But there's still people better. And even if I studied all day and night, I don't know if I could top the list.
Chris: It is amazing all the same. Well done.
*Chris said, nodding approvingly.*
*...Maybe I'd proven myself in her eyes.*
*--Gym class.*
Ikurou: Look. It's a buffet for the eyes out there.
Gakuto: The only question is, do we blow our load quick or take it slow?
Takuya: Chris's school swimsuit is definitely something new.
Yamato: Yeah... It's great.
Yamato: It really is...
Chika: Mr. Lu, the guys are being totally disgusting.
Lu: Oh, are they bothering you?
Chika: ...I mean. If they just wanted to look, then let them look, but like...
Gakuto: Huff, huff. *stare*
Ikurou: That damn blondie's shaking her ass like it's salad dressing.
Chika: They feel more like lions looking to devour me.
Lu: Then you'd best get into the water nice and quick.
Shouichi: Why's everyone got their hands over their crotch?
Yamato: The day you figure that out for yourself is the day you become a man.
Shouichi: Wait, what? You lost me there, but you make it sound like I'm a loser!
Gakuto: Oh, there's our special guest!
Koyuki: ......
Takuya: Wow. She's so sensual, or maybe...
Ikurou: Nah, you got it one. She's something else.
Ikurou: ...But still, her legs are so thick, it's like...
Shouichi: Yeah, like she's got muscle and tone for days.
Shouichi: I finally get why she's always kicking butt in sports.
Yamato: Forget that -- she looks bored.
Gakuto: She's all by her lonesome in our class, yeah.
Gakuto: ...It's probably about time for us to give her back.
Ikurou: Yeah. As bad as Class S is, that's not her fault.
Lu: Let the 25-meter race begin!
Kazuko: Heh-hem. Swimming's my specialty! You should see my doggy style!
Kazuko: People call me the kappa of Kawakami. Think you can beat me?
Chris: Then I, the Mermaid of Lubeck, will take you on.
Chika: I would totally rather be a mermaid than a kappa. She's got you beat there, Wanko!
Kazuko: We'll see who's laughing once I spank her tail,: 25-meter race... GO!
Shouichi: Oh, Wanko's out there swimming, and that doggie paddle of hers is zooming!
Takuya: But her opponent's moving even faster... Is that Chris?
*The two swam towards us from the girls' side.*
Chris: Hmph, the victory is mine. The initial kick locked it in.
Kazuko: Nwah! How can a Japanese water monster lose to a Western one on its home turf?
Chris: Oh, Yamato. Were you watching?
Yamato: Nice going, Chris. I never thought you could out-swim Wanko.
Chris: As impressive as your exam results were, I too have my specialties.
Yamato: Yeah, you did good.
Chris: Are you guys not going to swim, too?
Yamato: Mnn, sooner or later, yeah.
Chris: You will not slack in your swimming, for it is extremely effective training for the entire body.
Yamato: You sounded almost like Margit just now.
Chris: I respect her a lot, and I do try to take after her. I will take that as a compliment.
Suguru: ......
Yamato: Hmm? What is it?
Suguru: Hah, you poor fools caught in reality's addicting thrall. Or perhaps I should say, the thrall of the transfer student character.
Ikurou: Get a goddamn room before I die of jealousy.
Tadakatsu: Oh, so you're gettin' close to Chris?
Yamato: Whoa, hey. Et tu, Gen-san?
Ikurou: Just, if you ever get around to doing her, umm... Can I film it?
Yamato: We're not in a relationship. And even if we were, do you actually think I'd say yes?
Ikurou: I'd split the profits, 50-50.
Yamato: Money isn't the problem! I can't believe you're still not letting this drop.
Takuya: I mean, you guys seem so close. But what's really scary is how calmly Miyako's taking this. That can't last.
Yamato: If I had to break down her thoughts, I'd say she's acting 30% out of jealousy, 50% being calculating, and 20% just head-over-heels for me.
Miyako: (Being openly jealous of Chris would just annoy him... I'll have to wait and endure this so I can snatch the chance to win my Yamato back.)
Miyako: (And I still get to enjoy seeing my hunk in a swimsuit!)
*The chorus of chirps from the cicadas was our background music for the rest of the school day.*
*--5:35 p.m., the secret base.*
Shouichi: Guys, thanks for coming to this emergency meeting.
Takuya: When you texted us, you did ask for everyone to come who could, not just for whoever was free.
Shouichi: We've got ourselves a new request, one I won us the bid for today.
Chris: A request... What is it this time?
Shouichi: There's apparently some guys hunting along the Tama River.
Shouichi: The request's for us to turn the tables and make them the prey we hunt.
Momoyo: A beatdown?! Ahhh, I finally get to kick some ass.
Shouichi: Remember that stray cat who used to come by school? You know, the black-and-white spotted one?
Kazuko: Oh, right. But she never liked me much.
Yamato: 'Used' to come? Then...
Shouichi: Word is they ganged up on her and kicked her to death.
Kazuko: They what? Now I'm pissed!
Chris: They must pay!
Shouichi: There's scum like that out there.
Takuya: It seems like that's a problem for the whole area.
Gakuto: Is there somethin' about it online?
Takuya: Yeah. It looks pretty bad too.
Shouichi: There's this senpai who loved playin' with that cat.
Shouichi: And she's not willing to let them off the hook.
Shouichi: But she can't get payback herself, so that's where we come in.
Shouichi: As for the pay, it's two meal tickets apiece.
Momoyo: I'll be honest: That's low.
Gakuto: Yeah. You expect us to work for that little?
Gakuto: ...But... That story left me sick to my stomach.
Gakuto: And the only cure for that is beatin' those guys senseless.
Momoyo: I'm in too. I've been needing to pound some faces in.
Chris: Exactly. This is not a question of logic. Justice must be dealt.
Chris: I need no payment.
Yukie: Let's do it! I don't need the pay this time either.
Kazuko: Yeah. Me and that cat might've gotten in a fight, but even so...
Kazuko: I have to avenge her. I'll skip on the tickets too.
Miyako: Yeah, this time is no laughing matter.
Momoyo: Oh, really? Then I'll take all the girls' pay.
Yamato: Of course you're still taking yours.
Momoyo: I'll earn my keep. They won't get off easy.
*--Midnight at the Tama River.*
Middle-aged Man: Wh-Who are you guys?!
Trash 1: Wahah! We got him scared!
Trash 2: See? Told you there's nothing better than hunting humans.
Trash 2: After all, there's tons of homeless around the Tama River. Which means we have tons of prey.
Trash 3: Hunting people's real fun.
Trash 4: H-Hey, do people burn?
Trash 1: Damn, let's fucking experiment! Stick your lighter on his clothes!
Middle-aged Man: P-Please stop!
Trash 3: Shut up. This's what you get for slackin' off in life.
Trash 1: Whoops, looks like you got some money. Once he's roasted, let's hit the hostess club.
Trash 5: Shit, people're coming.
Trash 2: ...How many?
Trash 5: Four. And one of them's huge. He's gotta be strong.
Trash 3: So leaving out whoever keeps watch, it's four-on-four? Then fuck this.
Trash 4: Yeah, it don't take brains to be bad. You just gotta count the numbers. So if you got your numbers down, you're good as gold.
Trash 5: Then let's get outta here.
Gakuto: Wow, they really ran away. Chickens.
Shouichi: Tch. And here I was hoping we'd get to beat them up.
Yamato: I guess we'll let Nee-san get some relief tonight.
Takuya: I know they deserve it, but I still kind of pity them.
Trash 3: Right, start rollin'.
Trash 4: Wanna grab a bite at a family restaurant?
Trash 2: Tch, they ruined the whole night.
Momoyo: Good evening.
Trash 5: Huh?! ...Whoa!
Trash 3: Yahoo! Look at that hot stuff!
Momoyo: Mind if I ask you for some directions?
Trash 1: Damn, she's a hell of a woman.
Trash 4: Fuckin' A...
Trash 5: I ain't never seen someone that hot. She an up-and-coming star?
Trash 1: ...We should all tap dat ass.
Trash 3: Yeah!
Trash 5: Yeah, sure. Where are you headed?
Momoyo: Mmm, do ya know the way to Hell?
Trash 5: Huh?
Momoyo: That's where you're headed. I don't want you all gettin' lost.
Trash 5: What?
Momoyo: Taste of the pain of Hell. This is gonna hurt.
Trash 5: Gaaaahhhh! The pain, the pain!
Trash 3: Dude, what the hell?!
Momoyo: And up.
*With a roundhouse kick, she blasted the man twenty meters away.*
Trash 1: Shit, run!
Trash 4: Who is she? Who the fuck is she?!
Trash 5: W-Wait up. O-Owwww...
Momoyo: Nice friends you got there. They all scattered.
Momoyo: This is another painful pressure point. This one's a dull pain, as if you got clubbed.
Trash 5: Yeeeooouuucchhh! Stop, stop, stop!
Momoyo: And this one over here hurts like a stabbing.
Trash 5: Owwwwww! Mercy, please! I'll turn myself in! I'll talk!
Trash 5: The burglary in the neighborhood, the purse snatching, the fraudulent checks, that was all us... I'm so sorry.
Momoyo: You guys held back at nothing... Well, it was good of you to confess the truth.
Trash 5: Whew.
Momoyo: So I guess I'll go with a few less bones than planned.
Trash 5: Wh-What do you--Ahh... Ahhh
...
*She mercilessly dislocated his bones.*
*Seeing her smile, the smile of a woman who knew she was on top, made him realize...*
*He was being hunted... Yes, now he was the prey.*
Trash 5: Ugh. How... could I have been... so evil...?
Momoyo: Starting to understand how they felt?
Trash 4: Huff, huff, huff!
Trash 4: Dammit. We should've just kept hunting nerds in Akiba.
Trash 4: Shit. Heheh, guess karma's a bitch.
Yukie: G-Good evening.
Trash 4: Wawawa?!
Yukie: I'm sorry I have to meet you like this.
Trash 4: Huh?
Yukie: I truly mean that. Umm... Eigh!
*She thwacked her sword against the back of his knees.*
Trash 4: Whoa?!
*Which brought him to his knees.*
*Then the glint of cold steel flashed towards his neck.*
Trash 4: Kweh?
*The strike knocked the man cold.*
Trash 1: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Kazuko: Hey, are you going to run away from me, too?
Trash 1: Wh-Who are you guys?!
Gakuto: Hey, this is a dead end.
Trash 1: W-Wawawa!
Trash 1: ...Huff, huff, huff. Wh-Why?
Miyako: You really came, just like Yamato predicted.
Trash 1: Aiee! Why's there always someone waiting wherever I run?!
Trash 1: D-Dammit. Huff, huff, huff!
Trash 1: I feel like I'm the prey, the way I'm running all over...
Shouichi: Scared? Making you feel that way's the whole point of Yamato's plan.
Trash 1: What?
Shouichi: But we don't put in for that sick stuff you like. I'll make it quick.
Trash 1: Screw that. I'll put you to sleep with my stun g--
Abeshh!
Shouichi: You're too slow.
Kazuko: Nice punch... Now there's nothing left for me to do.
Shouichi: Nah, I wouldn't say that. I went straight in from the front, so that leaves you with his cheeks.
Kazuko: He's already lost. I can't go after him when he's out cold.
Shouichi: It's what they've been doing to all the people they beat up.
Kazuko: Even so, I won't.
Shouichi: Wow, I'm real proud of you. That's the kinda mindset a daughter of the Kawakami Temple oughta have.
Trash 2: Don't tell me I'm the last one left?
Chris: I see. His prediction was on the mark. You really did come this way.
Trash 2: Wh-Who are you?
Chris: I am she who brings tyrants to justice.
Trash 2: You bitch!
Chris: Seigh!
Trash 2: Geh... Y-You're too strong.
Chris: On your feet.
Trash 2: D... Don't ask the impossible. I can't, not after that kick.
Trash 2: It was something else... I've never seen anything like it.
Chris: Then I will finish you off. Know that you face your just deserts.
Trash 2: H-Hold on! 'Just deserts'?
Trash 2: You're talking about how I bullied dogs and old people, right?
Chris: That, too, was on your list of crimes?
Trash 2: Wait! Sure I beat up the weak...
Trash 2: But you know, you're overwhelmingly stronger than me.
Trash 2: Which means you're bullying someone weaker than you too.
Chris: What...?
Trash 2: You talk about bringing me to justice, but the second you do, you're just as guilty as I am.
Chris: Th-That is untrue.
Trash 2: You use your strength as a shield to attack the weak. That makes you no different.
Yamato: Nah, there's an overwhelming difference.
Trash 2: Th-There's more of you?
Yamato: You didn't blink before hurting people and animals. You even killed some.
Yamato: So there's justice in capturing you and making you pay.
Yamato: Otherwise, there'll be more victims.
Trash 2: You idiot! What happened to trials?
Trash 2: It takes a lot of ego to think you get to be judge, jury, and executioner!
Yamato: We're not being egotistic. Tell him, Chris.
Chris: Yes. Mine is a heart that cannot allow wickedness. It seeks justice itself!
Chris: Feel the pain of those you made cry!
Trash 2: Y-You want me to feel their pain?
Trash 2: Oh... So you're paid to do this. Sure you're doing what you should as professionals, but that doesn't give you the right to talk about justice!
Yamato: Nah. This girl here? She refused the pay.
Trash 2: N-No way... That can't be...
Chris: Seeeiiiggghhh!
Trash 2: Gaaahhhhh!
Yamato: The rest we'll be sure to leave to the courts.
Chris: Whew...
Chris: Thank you for the help, Yamato... I must admit, I am ashamed of myself.
Chris: How could the words of one such as him cause me to falter?
Yamato: ...It's fine. You take people at their word and take the time to consider what they mean.
Yamato: I think that's a good thing.
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: And if it ever looks like you're getting tricked down the wrong path, I'll set you straight.
Chris: ...All right. Thank you.
Yamato: Um...
*Her eyes seemed so passionate as she gazed at me.*
Chris: All right, let us return to the others!
*Part of me felt a bit closer to her now.*
*I liked that thought... Which meant I was interested in her.*
*I felt we both provided each other with what the other lacked.*
*We dove into summer break.*
*--The secret base, before the Friday Meeting.*
Gakuto: Look, we have to clean things up before the girls get here.
Takuya: I can't believe we have so much porn that we've run out of space to hide it.
Gakuto: Don't be sad, Moro. We all share responsibility for this.
Takuya: When most all of it is yours?!
Yamato: Just how much money are you sinking on porn?
Takuya: Look, we're going to have to throw away and porn magazines we don't need.
Gakuto: Though I can't imagine anything bringin' more pain to my heart... We have no choice.
*The porn videos and dirty books we boys shared here...*
*The treasures we'd snuck into the secret base.*
*We didn't include Capt, of course.*
Gakuto: 'Bloomers of the World?' We can't throw this away.
Gakuto: 'Naughty Bootcamp' is hard to let go of too... And who can forget 'The Sister-in-Law'?
Takuya: But we need to narrow down what we're throwing out, or the cabinet will overflow and then the girls will know everything.
Gakuto: Yamato, which one of these would you throw away?
*If it were just up to me, I'd choose...*
How to Train Your Schoolgirl
Backdoor Festival '08
How the Grope Stole Christmas
Orthodox Photo Book of Former Celebs
Yamato: Let's throw out the schoolgirl one.
Takuya: Huh? Wouldn't you rather keep a normal one like that?
Gakuto: I too think you made a drastic decision.
Yamato: Was it that good? Then let's reexamine it.
*The three of us huddled around the porn.*
Gakuto: Hey, turn the page.
Yamato: Shut up, don't rush this. You still don't get the aesthetic beauty in a half-naked woman do you?
Yamato: ...Still, this is surprisingly good. And practical.
Gakuto: Right? We can't throw it away.
Yamato: But we made our decision. We have to throw something away, or it'll overflow.
Yamato: Let's start by getting rid of Backdoor Festival.
Gakuto: Yeah, I prefer women to be done right, or not at all.
Takuya: Wait. Yamato, I thought you really liked anal.
Yamato: I'm not unwilling, especially with a wild girl.
Yamato: But think about how terrifying it would be if they found this.
Yamato: They'll treat us like dirt if they just find a normal one, but think about what'll happen if they find this.
Takuya: I'm sure they wouldn't listen to another word we said.
Gakuto: Yeah, when you put it like that, it really does narrow our choices.
Yamato: This is what is call risk management.
Yamato: The groping one I don't think we need?
Takuya: I sort of like it, though I'd never do something like that myself.
Gakuto: There it is! Moro, the closet perv, shows his face!
Takuya: Shouldn't we try to keep a varied selection?
Yamato: I sort of understand. It's like how you sometimes have the urge for a cup of instant ramen.
Gakuto: But ramen is so delicious that I'd have it every day if I could.
Yamato: Not if you don't want Wanko to howl at you for having an unbalanced diet.
Yamato: ...At any rate, we need to make our decisions final and throw it away.
Yamato: I don't think we need this.
Gakuto: It's dazzlin' how you'd get rid of the safe bet and keep the anal stuff.
Yamato: I just can't stand how composed the girls look.
Takuya: Well, I can't deny how annoying it is when a porn actress acts innocent.
Takuya: If you're in a porno, you're not innocent. That just doesn't work.
Yamato: Right, then it's decided.
Yamato: ...Let's take one last look.
Gakuto: Sure.
*...The selection process continued smoothly.*
Gakuto: What do we do with the condoms and stuff?
Takuya: Didn't we buy them and then all put them on for no reason?
Gakuto: My heart was racin' before we put them on, but after we did, it was languish that I felt.
Yamato: We don't really need them, but eh. They don't take up much space. Let's keep them.
Takuya: There's quite a lot of them all together.
Yamato: Right. Cookie, we're counting on you to cut them to smithereens.
Cookie 2: Never did I think that I, the fruit of human wisdom, would for his first task be made to chop the objects of male desire.
Gakuto: You, a robot, can understand the nature of a teenage boy?!
Cookie 2: Not in the slightest.
Cookie 2: But enough talk. Like this?: Dadadadada!
Yamato: Wow, they're just scraps of paper now. You're better than a shredder.
Yamato: Okay, can you make it so we can stuff these into the garbage bag?
Cookie 2: As you will... But why must my mission bring me such shame?
Yamato: You can't tell the girls about this.
Cookie 2: I am well aware. My lips are as tightly sealed as a steel wall.
Yamato: I mean, your face is literally made out of steel.
Takuya: Ah! Miyako and Wanko are here!
Yamato: Right, let's hide everything!
Takuya: Aye, sir!
Kazuko: Wow, everyone's running all over!
Miyako: Huh? You threw out the porn?
Gakuto: How did you figure that out in all of one second?!
Kazuko: Huh? What? Wh-What are you talking about?
Miyako: Heh heh heh. They're adult fairy tales.
Kazuko: ......?
*We befuddled Wanko, luckily enough, but... Miyako was a fearsome woman.*
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: I stopped by this place where I used to work and managed to get some leftover yamakake zaru soba, so today's gonna be a soba festival.
Yukie: A surprise festival? A parade is dancing its way through my heart.
Chris: You certainly do like soba, Mayucchi.
Yamato: Don't go too heavy on the wasabi, Chris.
Chris: Mnn... Ugh. You should have told me earlier. It stings.
Momoyo: After being in Alaska for a week and change, this is a feast.
Takuya: Weren't you there to fight the strongest fisherman in Alaska on top of the frozen channel?
Momoyo: It was way too easy. He'd need at least a blizzard to give himself a real home-field advantage.
Momoyo: But for something that came up out of the blue, it was kinda fun.
Shouichi: Come to think of it, check out this horse racing form.
Takuya: You really are a gambler at heart... What am I looking at?
Shouichi: See this race here? One of the horses is named Matsukaze.
Takuya: Oh, you're right. Hahaha, you're making your race debut?
Matsukaze: They ain't said nothin' to me! I'll sue 'em!
Yukie: There, there, Matsukaze. That just goes to show how famous you are.
Yamato: Heck, it's more that you have a popular name.
Shouichi: This's interesting enough that I'm gonna bet on him. The payout's five or six times too.
Gakuto: Just don't bet the farm.
Shouichi: I figure a good starting bet would be about half my paycheck.
Gakuto: What did I just say about the farm!
Shouichi: If you're in it for the thrill, you gotta bet big.
Shouichi: Little bird, if you don't sing I'll bet on when you will.
Shouichi: What'd you guys do with that lil' bird?
Chris: Huh? I am completely lost.
Yamato: For example, do you kill the bird? It's a famous poem in Japan. How you finish it tells a lot about your personality.
Shouichi: You got it. Man, your support power must be at level 90 to give an explanation like that.
Yamato: Examples make everything easier to understand.
Shouichi: Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll sing for you.
Yamato: For a man who loves the spotlight, that sounds just about perfect.
Kazuko: Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll do my best until you do.
Yamato: Spoken like someone with tons of fighting spirit. Sounds just like Wanko.
Momoyo: Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll force it out of you.
Yamato: That is definitely your style, Nee-san...
Yukie: Little bird, if you don't sing then that's fine.
Yamato: That definitely captures your kindness, and also your unassertiveness.
Miyako: Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll wait until you do.
Takuya: Sounds like an answer Tokugawa would give.
Takuya: Little bird, if you don't sing then I'll find a bird that will.
Yamato: Moro has a strict side to him, too. As for me...
Yamato: Little bird, if you don't sing then let's see if I can convince you.
Takuya: Hmm, nice yet assertive. That would be your style.
Chris: Hmm, this is interesting. As for me... umm...
Chris: Little bird, if you do not sing then tell me your extenuating circumstances.
Yamato: I'm not sure I believe you on that last bit.
Chris: If someone is foul they will be rebuked, unless extenuating circumstances exist. That is justice.
Yamato: Justice, huh?
Chris: Justice indeed.
Momoyo: Come to think of it, Kuri, how's that housework stuff coming along?
Chris: I am slowly mastering the art of cleaning.
Yamato: As if. You're getting better, but you've still got a long ways to go.
Chris: She asked me, not you. Today, I learned how to clean the filter in the air conditioner.
Yamato: But you tried to put the filter, still wet mind you, back inside.
Chris: I will not deny that I have made mistakes. I simply need not commit the same mistake twice.
Yamato: Yeah, and if we tried to list them all we'd be here all night anyways.
Chris: Why, Yamato, can you not let anything I say go unchallenged?!
Momoyo: Fighting again?
Chris: How stupid can one be? *Bonk!*
Yamato: Ouch. One day, you'll come to appreciate my kind honesty.
Chris: Hmph. I am not so sure, you idiot!
Momoyo: ...Nah, this isn't a fight. It feels... What's going on?
Momoyo: You're okay with this, Miyako? You're not going to stop them from getting any closer?
Miyako: I do feel like Chris stole my Yamato, but...
Miyako: I shall wait until you sing, little bird...
Miyako: I will not throw a tantrum or panic. I will stay calm, lick my wounds, and wait for my opportunity.
Momoyo: The depth of your love blows me away, there's no hiding that.
Momoyo: The only question is, how's everything going to turn out?
*The sun burned so hot, I could almost hear the ground sizzle.*
Yamato: So we chose to have our barbecue today why, exactly?
Shouichi: It'll get cool in no time. Dudes, you just gotta trust me.
*The entire Kazama Family was having a barbecue by the river.*
Shouichi: After all, Matsukaze turned out to be a winner!
*His horse had won the race, and we were here celebrating.*
*With the food money coming out of Capt's winnings, of course.*
Shouichi: But check out how much money I've still got left. Awesome, right?
Gakuto: How are you usin' the rest?
Shouichi: Doesn't all of us taking a trip in the winter sound fun? I'm thinking of using it then.
Gakuto: Nice! That's our Capt!
Yamato: And if we start now, we have plenty of time to figure out where to go.
Shouichi: Anyways, that money's booked for Family use.
Miyako: Everything is ready. Including all the utensils we'll need.
Shouichi: Sweet, then let's party.
Momoyo:  Meat, meat. Meat's a treat in the summer heat  There I go singing, haha.
Gakuto: As I stare out at the water, my body wants to dive in... I wish I were a chilled watermelon right about now.
Kazuko: You should. That means more food for me.
Gakuto: Nah, I'm eating. Cookie, are the drinks cold?
Cookie: I can't fit a whole watermelon inside me, but drinks I have covered.
Gakuto: Great, fantastic. Too bad you can't share the meat.
Cookie: Actually, I do have a meat-eating system.
Cookie: I sort of have to open my mouth, which isn't the prettiest thing, but...
Cookie: More importantly, I eat only the finest domestic Japanese Black beef.
Gakuto: ...For one second, I let myself forget how freakin' rich your creators are.
Gakuto: Wait. What would happen if you tried to transform with the drinks inside of you?
Cookie: Wanna try? Change: Cookie 2!
Gakuto: Whoa! You're actually transforming--Hey!
Cookie 2: Heh, the sun is bright in the sky... As for the result?
Cookie 2: Transforming does not damage the drinks stored inside me. I can crush cans and emit their contents through my mouth.
Cookie 2: Now, what would you like to drink? I will spit out whatever you name.
Gakuto: No thanks. Argh, me and my big mouth.
Kazuko: So I'll start grilling.
Chris: I shall go first.
Kazuko: Hey! That was my role! I was going to do it first!
Chris: Fierce is the battle to be first, I see.
Takuya: Yes, yes, now let's stop fighting before you make it any hotter out here.
Kazuko: What gives? Why can't you take a hint, Kuri?
Chris: Quiet, Dog. ...What if I give you the mushrooms that lie in between the meat?
Kazuko: You can't! You have to eat the mushrooms too!
Kazuko: Darn you, Kuri... Eat smoke!
*She waved her fan, turning the smoke towards the other girl.*
Chris: Gh, how childish! Smoke return!
*She responded in kind.*
Miyako: Leave those two to their games and help me cut vegetables.
Yukie: Miyako-san, you're so skilled with a knife.
Miyako: Yes, I can cut through anything, chop-chop.
Matsukaze: A-I've been on your side since the day I was born.
Miyako: I mean, that was a joke...
Shouichi: Chris, you're burning the meat! Flip it!
Chris: Oh! I forgot!
Shouichi: Look, you scorched it as black as coal.
Chris: Ooh, apologies. But I will take responsibility for my mistake and eat it myself.
Kazuko: So you can't even cook properly?
Chris: What? Dog, you grilled yours to perfection?!
Kazuko: Heh-hem. I flipped it without breaking a sweat.
Kazuko: Right? Aren't I the best, Capt?
Shouichi: Nah, that's just normal.
Kazuko: Awoooo.
Gakuto: Step aside, Miss Can't-Manage-Normal. I shall grill the meat.
Shouichi: Yeah, grilling meat's a man's job. Men and meat are meant to go together.
Chris: Wh-What sort of nonsense is that?
Chris: Miyako, is there anything I can help you with?
Miyako: There's only room for the two of us and the horse.
Matsukaze: I count! That makes me a real boy!
Yukie: Let's go get you a birth certificate!
Momoyo: Right, the watermelon's nice and cold.
Yamato: Isn't it a little early to cut it?
Chris: Is there anything I can help with?
Yamato: No, we're good.
Chris: I-I see...
Momoyo: For now, you can just eat that meat.
Chris: Moro, is there--
Takuya: The dishes and keeping the fire controlled are delicate stuff, so I'll do that.
Chris: You did not even let me finish...
Chris: Again there is nothing I can do... Why have I spent so much time developing my skills, if I cannot use them?
Yamato: Aww, now you're down in the dumps. Oh well.
Yamato: Chris, can you hand me that skewer?
Chris: This? But the meat is burnt.
Yamato: Eh, it looks plenty edible to me. *om nom nom*
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: Here, come help me out.
Chris: ...Sure, leave this to me!
Yamato: And if you want to help more, you can pick up tasks after we're all done eating.
Yamato: Then the cleaning skills you've cultivated will shine.
Chris: I see! All right, I shall do my best.
Chris: It is about time for me to prove my worth.
Cookie 2: Oh, can you feel the love today?
Takuya: You can tell? Wow.
*We spent the rest of the day barbecuing.*
*The oranges and reds of twilight had begun to spread through the sky like dye through water.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Isn't it wonderful it's sunny today?
Gakuto: You said it. Especially with the Buddhist memorial service and everythin' else we're stuck doing.
Shouichi: Hey Chris, do you know what they're doing?
Chris: Oh, would that not be the welcoming flame?
Yamato: ...This is the sort of thing you always know about.
Chris: They did a similar thing in episode 12 of Yamatomaru Dream Diaries.
Gakuto: But going all the way to the gravestone to light a welcomin' fire feels a bit extreme.
Mrs. Shimazu: Our ancestors having land is what lets us put decent feasts on the table. Now be a good son and be thankful.
Yukie: Oh, a welcoming fire. And the wind just started to blow too.
Matsukaze: You think that's the Shimazu ancestors are comin' on home?
Gakuto: They are all the toughest of guys, of course.
Gakuto: Which means you could say the most muscular spirits are gatherin' around us right now.
Yamato: It was getting colder, but now I suddenly feel warm...
Matsukaze: Wow, I think I feel someone ridin' on my back!
Chris: You are taking the place of the cucumber horse, then? Well done.
Chris: You know it is the end of the day when you can hear the evening cicadas.
Shouichi: They sound so sad. I don't like it.
Chris: But are they not part of Japan's wabi-sabi culture?
Shouichi: When we were little, hearing them cry meant it was time to start heading home. Another day was coming to an end.
Yamato: You're not wrong.
Yukie: That's right. The city here doesn't have a chime that sounds at 5 p.m.
Shouichi: What're you talking about?
Yukie: 'The crows cry, so it's time to fly home'.
Yukie: Where I'm from, you could hear that chime across the whole city when it was getting late.
Yukie: Though I was always playing by myself. Ahaha...
Matsukaze: Such is the secret past of Mayucchi.
Yamato: Wait, don't you have a sister?
Yukie: Yes, but she'd always play with her friends.
Yamato: The more I hear, the more painful it sounds.
Shouichi: Talking about when we were little? Man, that takes me back.
Chris: Come to think of it, there was one other thing of which I was curious.
Chris: Why did you and Yamato begin to play together?
Yamato: We were in the same neighborhood. Simple as that.
Shouichi: Yeah... But if that first meeting wasn't weird, nothing is.
Yamato: You're going to tell her?
Chris: I would love to hear.
Yamato: This is too embarrassing. I'm going back to my room.
Yukie: What could have possibly happened between you two?
Shouichi: So I was secretly building this huge base on this empty plot.
Chris: Even back then, you had already begun to construct bases?
Shouichi: At the time, it was just a cardboard fort. But no ordinary cardboard fort: It was Fort Kazama II!
Shouichi: Let me tell you, that place was comfy as it gets!
Yukie: Wait, there was a Fort Kazama I?
Shouichi: I built that one on this empty land near the station, and then this random old man went and moved in.
Chris: Then that must have truly been a most pleasant dwelling.
Shouichi: So anyways, there I was, Fort Kazama 2 finished in secret and me jumping with joy...
Shouichi: When up walked Yamato, a frown on his face.
Shouichi: Hey, this here's my spot. Stay out.
Yamato: It's not like you own this place.
Chris: So Yamato lacked charm even as a child.
Yamato: Right now, I'm a rebel without a cause.
Shouichi: Whoa, hold up. That sounds cool.
Yamato: I got sick of my mother, so I ran away from home.
Shouichi: You ran away?! Dude, that's awesome!
Yamato: But even so, I am a calm and composed child.
Yamato: I could go far away and let some fool kidnap me, but that would leave a mark on my record.
Yamato: But if I turn back now, I'd only make a fool of myself. I need to strike a balance.
Shouichi: Hmm? Maybe that's not so cool?
Chris: What an aggravating child. He more than has the disposition to be in Class S!
Yamato: This vacant lot is pretty nice. Maybe it'll be my hideout.
Shouichi: No way. I laid eyes on this place first which means it's mine.
Yamato: I actually found it first, so it's mine.
Shouichi: Screw off! I was here first!
Yamato: Can you prove it?
Shouichi: Yeah! Look at this. It's Fort Kazama!
Shouichi: I made this, but I never saw you around here.
Yamato: Hmm. It's a nice castle, but you need to do better than that.
Shouichi: What?
Yamato: Look. Your enemies can flood into this giant hallway.
Yamato: You need to narrow it, then make this point a right-angle.
Chris: What kind of a child was he?!
Yamato: What are you planning to do with such a big castle?
Shouichi: I'm gonna make it my base, of course.
Shouichi: It's my secret base!
Yamato: ...I don't think I've seen you around here.
Shouichi: Till now, I've been going on all these trips with my old man.
Yamato: I see. Then this secret base...
Shouichi: It's just for me.
Yamato: A lord with no subjects... No country can function like that.
Shouichi: Dude, you're kinda funny.
Shouichi: Wanna hang out with me?
Yamato: Sure. I'll just let myself into your castle.
Shouichi: ...And that's how we met.
Yukie: Yamato-san was so mature, even then.
Shouichi: Then we got talking inside the base.
Shouichi: So yeah, that was a heck of an adventure I had in Niigata.
Yamato: You're a really good storyteller.
Shouichi: And you've got brains.
Yamato: Well, you know, I'm a genius.
Shouichi: He cajoled me along, and I wound up spending the night there with him.
Shouichi: But as you can see, we really hit it off.
Shouichi: Though our parents were all totally pissed the next day...
Chris: I would certainly expect so.
Chris: To disobey one's parents, and at that age too? It is unthinkable.
Chris: What are your parents like, Capt?
Shouichi: Hmm? Whoa, what a coincidence! *wave*
*A beautiful woman was walking with Mrs. Shimazu.*
*She and Mrs. Shimazu waved back to Capt.*
Shouichi: That's my Ma. She lives right around here.
Chris: Your home is that close, yet you live in the dorm?
Shouichi: Yeah, 'cause that's way more fun!
Chris: I had no idea... When you mentioned your father was an adventurer, I was certain your mother would be the same.
Yukie: The school must not have raised any objections...?
Mrs. Shimazu: Keiko and I are good friends too.
Shouichi: Keiko's my ma. My dad's Tsubasa.
Yukie: 'Keiko' as in 'comet' and 'Tsubasa' as in 'wing'? It's nice how 'Shouichi' means 'flying', too.
Shouichi: Yeah! They all gotta do with the sky. No one can take the sky from us!
Chris: Perhaps you could do with a little less sky.
Chris: But is not your mother lonely by herself?
Shouichi: She figures dorm life's a good chance for me to get out from under her wings.
Chris: That is a far more severe mindset than I would have thought from her.
Shouichi: She said she's good by herself. Gives her more time for her hobbies.
Chris: Oh, such as?
Shouichi: You know, it's like, you'll think she's super into making soba, but then she'll go on an African musical instrument binge.
Chris: That is quite the broad range. I see, all right...
Shouichi: Yamato's pop's pretty quirky too.
Chris: Yeah, I have hard some of the stories. He is an odd one.
Chris: And though Yamato would of course be influenced by him...
Chris: That still is not enough to explain Yamato's lack of childish charm.
Shouichi: The guy was a pretty hard nihilist up through fourth grade.
Shouichi: You should've seen him in second and third grade, when he got really into Dazai and Akutagawa's stuff.
Yamato: Perhaps life is nothing more then time to be wiled away before death.
Shouichi: I mean, seriously! Can you believe that?!
Mrs. Shimazu: Truly, yes... A kid shouldn't act like he knows about life.
Shouichi: Well, that dream of his, to do something about the world being that way, still blows me away.
Chris: Heheh. I see. No wonder he did not want to be here!
Chris: I cannot wait to tease him! Ahaha!
Shouichi: Whoa, look at her go off with a smile on her face.
Mrs. Shimazu: Heheh.
Gakuto: What are you laughing for? That's creepin' me...: OUCH!
Mrs. Shimazu: Stop your whining... Whenever I'm teaching Chris-chan housework, she always has that smile as she talks about showing Yamato who's boss.
Mrs. Shimazu: It's a matter of time until they start dating, I guarantee it.
Yukie: Incidentally, what ever happened to Fort Kazama II?
Shouichi: Rain finished it off.
Matsukaze: Cardboard breaks the heart...
*I was curled up in my room.*
Chris: Yamato, I am coming in.
Yamato: No.
Chris: I heard everything.
Yamato: Everything except the word 'no'?
Chris: Well, you know, I am a genius.
Yamato: Gaaaahhhh! Stop using my own words against me!
Chris: My goodness, how could anyone say something that embarrassing?
Yamato: Why did I have to be that cocky back then...?
Yamato: Geez! Yes, I'm embarrassed, all right?!
Chris: Wow. Yamato himself, blushing. *giggle*
Chris: 'Perhaps life is nothing more then time to be wiled away before death.'
Yamato: *Thud!*
Chris: Oh, you died.
Chris: Goochy goochy goo.
Yamato: Ahahaha, st-stop it.
Chris: Your face is as red as a tomato.
Yamato: Get off of me!
Chris: I would not have to if you were not hiding your face.
Chris: Now come, let me see.
Yamato: Never!
Yamato: Wait -- you're trying to force me to turn? You think you can make me give in?!
Chris: But I must see.
Yamato: I don't want you to! Stop, haha!
Chris: Come now, let me see, haha.
Miyako: ......
Miyako: He's enjoying it. He's not supposed to enjoy it from her!
Miyako: Ahh...
Miyako: I told myself I could take this, but it still hurts.
Miyako: But I have to wait, though waiting so be hell...
Miyako: ...This is the last time I let myself feel depressed! Steady heart, Miyako!
*Capt went to Amami-Ooshima, while the Kawakami sisters took Miyako to Okinawa for training.*
*At the height of Obon, Mayucchi went back home for a while.*
*Moro was busy attending the Comic Festival market.*
*Gakuto and Yonpachi had left on a journey to visit every mixed-gender hot spring they could find.*
Chris: Everyone is off somewhere or another.
Yamato: A lot of people always head off somewhere during Obon.
Chris: Perhaps, but just thinking about Gakuto's journey makes my head hurt.
Yamato: I actually let myself be impressed by how much work he was doing over the first half of summer break, and then he's blowing it all on this.
Chris: Are mixed hot springs that common?
Yamato: I can't really say...
Chris: What is this Comic Festival that Moro is attending?
Yamato: It's like a open-air mall where every business is selling mountains of manga.
Chris: And Moro is there to shop?
Yamato: Till he drops.
Chris: Hmm? Perhaps I will ask to borrow some.
Yamato: You probably shouldn't, though I won't say why.
Chris: Why not? You have only made me more curious.
Yamato: Anyways, forget that and look at this!
Chris: T-The unabridged DVD of the Yamatomaru Dream Diaries Season 12 finale, 'And Now His Watch Has Ended' -- it is impossible to find!
Yamato: Yeah, the staff made their limited run of it really limited.
Yamato: The bookstore owner that Capt knows lent it to me.
Chris: Goodness... I must thank him!
Yamato: I just had to grumble about how much free time I had. Though he did make me buy those books...
Yamato: Want to watch it?
Chris: Yes. Shall we watch it during dinner?
Chris: Until then, I must drill with my sword and with my housework!
Yamato: Drilling hard enough to pierce the heavens?
Chris: I am psyched up! Today, I will clean the kitchen.
Yamato: Then I guess I'll hit the books. I need to drill my head over the summer.
Chris: ...Oh, come to think of it, are the hermit crabs well?
Yamato: They're doing great. Don't worry about them.
*I hadn't realized they'd been on her mind.*
*--Dinnertime.*
*Chris was eating inari and salad.*
*While I had an Origin ready-to-eat meal.*
*Proof positive that neither of us could cook.*
Yamato: Aren't you going to learn how to cook? I think Chef Chris has a nice ring to it.
Chris: Eventually. But I am starting with my initial objectives of cleaning and laundry.
Chris: For there is all too much to learn...
Chris: Cooking seems like it can wait.
Yamato: That makes sense. Then let's watch the DVD.
Chris: However, I have learned how to brew tea. That you can leave to me.
Yamato: ...Are you sure?
Chris: Yes, though some of the details I learned by imitation.
Yamato: That doesn't sound sure.
Chris: First, the tea leaves... There.
Chris: Ah!
Chris: ...Well, whatever. It is for Yamato.
Yamato: Hey! Now I'm dying to know what you screwed up on before I literally die!
Chris: Next, I add hot water and stir...
Chris: See? I have done it! (She poured it out like a waterfall.)
Yamato: Slow down a little bit, eh? And aren't you going to have any?
Chris: Try it.
Yamato: Mmm, this is good.
Chris: Let me see...
Chris: Hm... A bit strong, but drinkable.
Yamato: Then I'll have some.
Chris: Hey! You made me drink first!
Yamato: You tried to do the same to me!
Chris: Goodness, you are just so... *sip*
Yamato: I wouldn't want to put your work to waste, so let's drink. *sip*
Chris: Still, it is so... Tart.
Yamato: Maybe that's good for an after-dinner tea? Though I'm no expert.
*I pushed play.*
Chris: Mnn, this era truly has such impact!
Chris: Though battered and bruised, he still has the strength to stare down his foes.
Yamato: And Yamatomaru's really psyched up as he goes to attack.
Chris: Each has such strong eyes... As well they should.
Chris: Hmm.
Chris: Could you pause it for a moment?
Yamato: Sure. (Bathroom break?)
Chris: Thank you for waiting.
Yamato: They've finished the attack.
Chris: But I asked you to pause it!
Yamato: Let's rewind it.
Chris: I do not understand. Why must you be such a bully?
Yamato: Now I need to go to the bathroom.
Chris: And you paused it for yourself...
Chris: Heh, but now is the moment of my revenge! I will push play...
Chris: Argh! The remote is gone!
Chris: Yamato, you even took it with you?!
Chris: Mngh... This is infuriating. Is there nothing I can do?
Chris: Oh! I can use the controls on the DVD player!
Chris: Then I will unpause it at o--
Yamato: I'm back.
Chris: Ooooh! I cannot stand this!
Yamato: What's wrong, Chris? Is something bothering you? (I asked, but I knew the answer.)
*Messing with her had become second nature.*
*If I did this with Wanko, I'd feel like I was bullying her, but with Chris it was different.*
Yamato: I always cry at the end, when he has to bid his brother-in-arms farewell.
Chris: Yes... And now Yamatomaru is alone once more.
Chris: The way he watches his back so forlornly... Without a word, the actor says so much.
Yamato: And then there's the arrangement of the main theme that plays during it...
*We fanboyed and fangirled.*
Chris: Whew, that was a passionate talk... On another note, the period drama made me remember something.
Chris: There are fireworks tomorrow, right? Mrs. Shimazu mentioned them.
Yamato: As nonsequitous as ever... But yeah, there's gonna be fireworks.
Yamato: And with everyone else gone, you want to go? It'll be just the two of us?
Chris: Sure. Knowing the fame of the event makes me want to see it all the more!
Yamato: Okay, then I'll show you a good spot.
Chris: Heheheh, I cannot wait.
Chris: Wait for the fireworks, that is!
Chris: I could do without you!
Yamato: Oh, I'm sorry then...
Chris: H-Hey, I was joking!
Chris: Umm, well... I suppose having you there will make things a bit more fun.
*Chris took her leave, a bounce in her step.*
*Then, to my surprise, she turned back towards me.*
Chris: But only this much, understand?
Yamato: All right, I get it, now go take your bath.
*She left, and I found myself not look away until she rounded the corner.*
*She'd completely fallen for me, I was sure of it.*
*...And I'd fallen for her.*
*My apologies to Chris's father, but...*
*It looked like I'd be the one to woo her.*
*--Late that night.*
Margit: I have finally fully recovered, Lieutenant General.
Chris's Father: That was much faster than the initial estimate.
Chris's Father: This is wonderful news. Congratulations, Lieutenant.
Margit: ...Thank you, sir.
Chris's Father: Have you told Chris?
Margit: I will as soon as I have my leave.
Chris's Father: Why would you wait? She is a sister to you.
Margit: Yes, then I shall do so post-haste.
Chris's Father: After all this time apart, speak to her as long as you wish.
Chris's Father: Seeing her recovery did bring me some relief.
Chris's Father: But I... simply cannot love Japan anymore.
Chris's Father: Peace is well and good, but they have grown drunk on it...
Chris's Father: I stay only for my daughter...
*--Kawakami Fireworks Festival.*
Yamato: This here's the best spot to see the fireworks.
Chris: Wait, the best spot is the rooftop of the secret base?
Yamato: The streets below are crowded. Up here, it's open and we're even closer to the explosions.
*The fireworks began to rise from the Tama River.*
*And they gorgeously illuminated the dark night sky.*
Chris: Oh, they have begun. And begun with a bang.
Yamato: Right on time.
Chris: ...Mmm.
Chris: I noticed, Yamato, that you are saying a lot less than usual.
Yamato: Really?
Chris: Yes. I usually cannot make you stop talking.
Chris: I will not have you ruining the mood for this festival.
Yamato: I mean, I don't think I'm doing anything to affect the mood.
*But her showing up in a yukata had completely caught me off-guard.*
*A yukata that looked absolutely amazing on her...*
*I could feel my heart race.*
Chris: If there is something on your mind, speak it.
Yamato: Oh, I just thought you look pretty in that yukata.
Chris: Hmm? Sorry, but I could not hear you over the fireworks.
Yamato: I said, you look pretty!
Chris: HUH?!
Yamato: Now I feel nervous. I know that's not like me, but...
Chris: I-I see... S-So it looks good on me?
Yamato: Yeah. You look nothing like your usual klutzy self.
Chris: Hey! Is that supposed to be some kind of compliment?
Yamato: Um... Yeah.
Chris: I see... Heh. Heheheh.
Chris: Mrs. Shimazu helped me put all of this on.
*She twirled around.*
Chris: I feel... um...
Chris: Happy, to see you enjoy it.
Yamato: Huh? I couldn't hear you over the fireworks.
Chris: I said, I am happy to see you enjoy it!
Yamato: Sorry, one more time?
Chris: You are doing this on purpose!
Yamato: Gff... But why would you be happy?
Chris: Obviously because that means you recognize my success.
Yamato: I've been doing that for ages.
Chris: Ah! I-I see...
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...Ahem!
Chris: Yet you forcing me to repeat myself was despicable.
Yamato: Wow, these fireworks are beautiful.
Chris: You always do try to change the subject when things are not going your way.
Chris: I cannot believe myself. Why must it be you?
Yamato: Huh? What's me?
Chris: Oh, no. There was no deep meaning to it!
Chris: It truly is a pretty starmine. Hahaha.
Yamato: The starmine's long gone.
Chris: Ahem!
Yamato: ......
Chris: ......
*A white mist of firework smoke lay over the sky.*
Yamato: (What am I doing? I should've made that conversation way more constructive.)
Yamato: (I want to get closer to Chris. Keep pushing forward... It's the Soul of Kawakami!)
Yamato: ...Hey, Chris?
Chris: Yeah?
Yamato: Is there anyone you like?
*A wave of fireworks blossomed in the sky above us.*
Chris: W-Well...
Yamato: I have someone!
Chris: Mnn... I suppose I do as well.
Yamato: When you've only just moved here? Wow.
Chris: It is a mystery to me as well.
Yamato: What's the guy like?
Chris: He is a far cry away from my ideal.
Chris: He rejoices in his schemes, and has a mean streak.
Chris: Seriously, why did I fall for him?
Yamato: ...Mmngh.
Yamato: The girl I like isn't anything like my normal type either.
Yamato: She has a one-track mind and is never flexible.
Yamato: Seriously, how did I fall in love with her?
Chris: ...Mmngh.
Yamato: So, want to both say it on three?
Chris: Say what?
Yamato: The name of the person we like.
Chris: Wh-Why would I?!
Yamato: I mean, at this point, we can both hazard a guess.
Yamato: His name starts with an 'N', doesn't it?
Chris: No, a Y!
Yamato: I meant his last name.
Chris: Mn... Oh, yes, I guess Naoe does start with the letter 'N'.
*She'd given it away, but failed to notice herself.*
Yamato: Mnn... Then let's say it on three!
Chris: Th-There is one thing I need to know first.
Yamato: What's that?
Chris: What if her father was against his daughter being in a relationship?
Yamato: I'd talk it out.
Yamato: I wouldn't be fooling around. I would want a pure, honest relationship.
Chris: Mnn... That is a wonderful thought.
Chris: That does seem enough to convince Father.
Chris: Th-Then on three, you said?
Yamato: Yeah.
Chris: ...Ah! W-Wait. Hold. My heart is not ready.
Chris: Whew... Hah...
Chris: ...Hah... Whew...
Chris: All right! Sh-Shall we?
Yamato: Yeah. Let's say the name of the person we love.
Yamato: One, two, three!
Yamato: Oh, yeah, no, I'm feeling nervous t--
Chris: Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: Her eyes seemed so passionate as she gazed at me.
Chris: Wah......
Yamato: I-I guess I'm sorry about that.
Chris: Y-You are the worst! Are you stupid?!
Yamato: Calm down. You're the person I like too. Yeah.
Chris: You expect me to accept your little trick?!
Yamato: But I'm glad you like me.
Yamato: Since I like you too...
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: Chris...
Chris: ......
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...S-So, what do we do about... this?
Yamato: W-Want to try going out?
Chris: ...Y-Yes!
Yamato: ......
Chris: ......
Yamato: But doing nothing on the day of the festival seems a bit...
Chris: A bit what?
Yamato: Let's start with a kiss.
Chris: Aiee?!
Yamato: Mmm...
Chris: Nmm?!
Chris: Mm...
Chris: Whew... You could have given me a little warning first!
Yamato: But the fireworks were at their finale, so...
Chris: Oh, was that the end...?
Yamato: ......
Chris: ......
Yamato: Let's start with holding hands on the way home?
Chris: You say 'let's start with' way too much......
Yamato: Sorry...
*The festival had given me the push to finally pop the question.*
Chris: Mm, let's head back.
Yamato: Yeah.
*We held hands... well, actually more like touched hands.*
*I tried to take a firmer grip.*
Chris: ......!!!
*(She squeezed back... hard!)*
Yamato: Ow! Are you trying to crush my hand?!
Chris: Ah! Apologies!
Yamato: I know you're happy, but there's no need to be this tense.
Chris: It's not that! I have never gone out with anyone before, so I am lost at things like holding hands.
Chris: And you seem plenty tense yourself too!
Chris: 'Let's start with a kiss?' (She mocked my voice.)
Chris: What sort of a pickup line is that?
Yamato: It would take a saint to overlook how badly you imitated me, and I am no saint.
Chris: That is not the problem here!
*It didn't seem like going out was going to change anything between us.*
*I was happy, but I had to figure out some way to deal with her father later.*
*But my negotiating skills were up to the task... At least, I hoped so.*
*And so we became a couple.*
Yamato: You said it first!
Chris: No, you did!
*But things between us hadn't really changed.*
Chris: For goodness' sake... I must wonder if you actually like me after all.
Yamato: You're asking that already after only three days of going out?
Chris: Do you think this a laughing matter?
Yamato: I super-duper love you.
Chris: Why do you still sound flippant?
Yamato: Hm? A phone call? It's from someone from another class. I'll call him later.
Yamato: See? You're more important to me than the call.
Chris: That gave me an idea.
Chris: I am now going to call you on my phone.
Yamato: Why?
Chris: Any man would use a different ringtone for his girlfriend.
Chris: Now, let us see!
Yamato: Oh, it's from my dear girlfriend.
Chris: Ugh.
Yamato: I told you I super-duper love you.
Chris: ...Yamato...
Chris: I... I made sure to change mine too.
Tadakatsu: Get a room. You're makin' my eyes bleed.
Chris: Ah!
Tadakatsu: I brought some takoyaki back for you guys. Bite down on that before I bite your freakin' heads off.
Yamato: Thanks, Gen-san. You're a really good guy.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. This is just a little celebration 'cause you're dating.
Yamato: What an amazing gift.
Chris: Shall we go to your room? Doing this here does feel awkward.
Yamato: Sure.
*--Takoyaki time.*
Yamato: If you think I'm going to ask you to feed me, you're completely wrong.
Chris: Oh, so you do want me to do it. Well, if you insist.
Yamato: Nah, you don't need to. The octopus is still hot anyways.
Chris: You were not being sarcastic?!
Chris: This is not too hot for me.
Chris: Mmmmm, this is good.
Yamato: Sweet, I'll take it. (I snapped a picture on my phone.)
Chris: ...Why did you take a picture?
Yamato: Get a clue. Every guy wants a picture of his girlfriend on his phone.
Chris: Show me the picture.
Chris: I look too silly, right?
Yamato: I'd say it's more like a delicious moment.
Chris: You are just gathering joke images of me!
Yamato: Of course not. I'd never dream of using it to make fun of you later.
Chris: Ugh... I wonder... Om nom nom...
Yamato: Yeah, you're really cute.
Chris: What part of that was possibly cute?!
Chris: 'Cute' seems like a better descriptor for something more like...
*Chris gave me puppy-dog eyes and winked.*
Chris: ...This, would you not say?
Yamato: There's some sauce on your lips.
Chris: *wipe* *wipe*
Yamato: Yeah, I really like that side of you.
Chris: I cannot understand you!
Yamato: Just be yourself.
Chris: Incidentally, the takoyaki has cooled down now.
*Translation: Do you want me to feed you?*
Sure, okay. Ahhhh
Huh? What?
Let's just do it already
Yamato: Yeah, okay. Ahhh.
Chris: Oh, so you do want me to feed you.
Chris: If I must. Here.
Yamato: Yum, delicious.
Yamato: All right, now I'll do it for you. Open wide.
Chris: Mmn... Ahh.
Yamato: Say Cheese! (I snapped a photo.)
Chris: Do not photograph this!
Yamato: I'll save it as... 'Chris Begs for More'.
Chris: And get rid of that strange name!
*She playfully kicked at me with her bare feet.*
*We were really getting along.*
Yamato: So... What do you mean?
Chris: ...Argh!
Chris: I am saying we need to eat it now, before it grows colder.
Yamato: Just be honest and say that you want to feed me.
Chris: Then say 'ahh'...
Yamato: A-Ahhh!
Chris: Here.
Yamato: Nngh. *om nom nom*
Chris: Hahahaha, you are completely blushing! This time, I win!
Yamato: Tch. I have to say, I'm weak to surprise attacks.
*Lovebirds seemed like an apt term.*
Yamato: Let's just do it already.
Chris: Do what?
Yamato: No, you're right. We have to consider the time, and place, and mood.
Chris: You are at times incomprehensible.
Yamato: But don't you love the mysteriousness?
Chris: It is a negative.
Yamato: So it's not an urban legend -- men are judged by their flaws!
*A terrifying thought.*
*--After dinner.*
*Chris had put on a rather moody song, but...*
Chris: 87, 88, 89, 90!
*She was doing nothing but sit-ups.*
Chris: 91! After all, I ate a lot for dinner! 92!
Chris: So I must -- 93 -- do an extra 100 sit-ups! 94!
Yamato: So that's why you stay thin despite your love of sweets.
Yamato: I try to make some effort, but you're on an entirely different level.
Chris: Especially now -- 95 -- that I have a boyfriend -- 96 -- I cannot let myself get fat -- 97!
Yamato: Yeah, I'll be careful too.
Chris: ...100! Whew. The additional reps are of course exhausting.
Chris: I have always thought muscular men are handsome. You should try to buff up. You need not get to Gakuto's level, but some muscle tone would be nice.
Yamato: Wow, that's a fresh -- and pretty strong -- mental image.
Yamato: Then maybe I'll add a bit more to my workout.
Chris: Well, that is strictly my preference. Do not worry about it.
Chris: You fight with your brain more than your brawn, after all.
*She said, gently striking me in the stomach with a knifehand chop.*
Chris: Mmm, but by the touch of it...
Chris: You are fairly muscular.
*Her hand against my chest felt oddly strange.*
*I took her hand.*
Chris: Yamato... I do want to tell my father that we are going out.
Yamato: Yeah, I won't put that off.
Yamato: We'll do it next Saturday or Sunday. Please wait till then.
Chris: Mmm, okay...
*The reason was because that was when Nee-san was coming home.*
*I couldn't announce anything without her here.*
Yamato: Chris...
*I went to kiss her.*
Chris: W-Wait!
Chris: I only just finished my training. All the sweat is still--
Yamato: I don't mind. An after-workout sweat -- what's wrong with that?
Chris: Y-You are so abnormal... All right. Just this once.
Yamato: Mmm.
Chris: Mm... Nmm... Mm.
*I tried to pull away, but...*
*Chris took my chin in her hands and held me still.*
Chris: Mm... *kiss*...
Chris: Mmmnn...
*Now that we were going out, I'd realized...*
*That Chris could wind up being surprisingly aggressive.*
Chris: *gasp* Yamato...
Yamato: Chris...
Chris: I-I am going to take a bath.
Yamato: Do you want me to wash your b-- Ack!
*She flicked her bare toes into my chin.*
Chris: No! Play with Nagahide, my stuffed animal, instead.
Yamato: I don't even know which one that is!
*And so we began to seek each other more and more.*
Yamato: (The end of autumn... should spell the end of my virginity.)
*Yes, such thoughts were the essence of a young man's heart.*
*But there was someone I had to deal with first.*
*I had to be careful, or else I wouldn't make it to the end of summer in one piece.*
Yamato: They say the cry of the cicadas herald the end of summer, but...
Chris: It is still plenty hot.
Chris: So we have come outside, but what do we plan to do today?
Yamato: No idea!
Chris: You do not know? I was certain you had a plan.
Yamato: Chris, I'm sad. I'm really sad.
Yamato: You can't expect the man to decide everything like that.
Chris: You think you can look down on me?! *Kick!*
Yamato: Ouch! Can you walk without kicking me? Fine, I'll decide.
Chris: We are going to stroll about Kawakami, right? But where?
Yamato: Let's spend the morning close to nature.
*I had three choices...*
Bike along the riverbank
Play in the shallows
Rest in the shade
Yamato: Right, let's borrow Gen-san's bike from the dorm.
Yamato: Chris, you'll ride it.
Chris: What is your plan?
Yamato: To go on a refreshing bike ride along the Tama River.
Chris: Oh, that does sound pleasant.
*Chris looked really happy.*
*We peddled along, the sun beating down on us.*
Yamato: Mmm, I always love going along the river. The wind feels so wonderful.
Chris: You are too slow, Yamato!
Yamato: You know, you should take the time to enjoy this.
Chris: Mm, yes... I suppose you are right.
*Chris slowed down.*
Yamato: Yaaaayyyy! (I passed her.)
Chris: Hmph...
Chris: You are absolutely not beating me!
*Chris raced after me.*
Yamato: Oh, you poor fool.
*Out of all the bikes at the dorm, Gen-san's was the worst. It could barely get any speed.*
*And I already knew that the tires were getting flat.*
Yamato: I have a gift for you -- the gift of defeat.
Chris: Got you!!!
Yamato: Oh, but of course you're fast!
Chris: Hahaha. I win! I win!
Chris: Did you see that? That is the difference between us in raw strength!
Chris: Annoyed yet, stupidhead?! Silly, stupid Yamato!
Yamato: Chris, look out in front!
Chris: Hmm?
Chris: A bridge column?! I think not!
*With deft maneuvering, she acrobatically swerved around it.*
Yamato: Wow, I shouldn't be surprised. However...
Yamato: Now I'm back in front.
Chris: Hey, wait! What sort of boyfriend would not ask if I am all right?!
Yamato: But you beautifully dodged it!
Chris: You little...
*One would think the race was finally picking up, but...*
Chris: Yes, I am finally getting back in front!
Yamato: Nah, let's stop for a minute.
Chris: Why?!
*Chris spun out as she slammed on the breaks.*
Yamato: Look ahead of us.
Chris: Mmm, children who have come to play in the riverbed?
Yamato: I saw them ahead, so figured it'd be dangerous to keep going.
Chris: Mn, I suppose so... Well done, Yamato.
*She praised me, but in an oddly haughty way.*
*After that, we enjoyed a more run-of-the-mill bike ride.*
Yamato: It's so hot... Let's play in the water, down in the river.
Chris: Hmm? Play in the water, you say?
*Chris's reaction was, well, normal.*
Yamato: You grew up in a port town. You like this stuff, right?
Chris: Well... Yes.
Yamato: I need to teach you about nature near the Tama.
Chris: I do hate small insects, remember.
Yamato: If you hate them that much, maybe you should go hide under your pillows.
Chris: Seriously, that personality of yours never changes!
*--By the Tama River.*
Chris: What is the bird that is flapping higher and higher?
Yamato: A migratory gray-faced buzzard, I think? It's probably on its way south.
Chris: ...Hmm?
Chris: Swallow!
Yamato: That's a sparrow.
Chris: ...Mmph.
Chris: I-Is that a hawk?!
Yamato: That's a kite. It's Wanko's rival.
Chris: Huh?
Yamato: One swiped Wanko's hamburger right out from her hand when we were visiting Enoshima.
Chris: Hahaha. A bird as a rival? Well done, Dog.
Yamato: Let's get in the water. It's nice and cold.
Chris: Hey, hey, hold on. Do not rush me.
Yamato: Just look out for glass shards and fishhooks. You find them sometimes.
Chris: Hm... Oh, this truly is pleasantly cool.
Yamato: Here. You can handle this, right?
Chris: A turtle...? It is so small and cute.
Yamato: There's also... Hmm... Oh!
Yamato: Do crayfish bother you?
Chris: Ah... They do not take long to find, do they?
Yamato: We used to go fishing here a lot.
Yamato: Capt was exceptionally good at it.
Chris: Oh, here is another turtle. I found one too.
Yamato: How about you wait right there?!
*She went to grab it, but I grabbed her hand.*
Chris: Y-Yamato. Do not surprise me like this in the river.
Yamato: No, I'm not... Look.
Yamato: Doesn't that look like a softshell turtle? I don't think you want to touch it.
Chris: There are dangerous turtles, too?
Yamato: You know, sometimes people let their pets go free.
Chris: Oh, I see...
Yamato: But if I search the bottom of the river... Ah! Look, it's a Yamato shrimp.
Chris: It's so small... It could rest in the middle of my palm.
Yamato: It's the same size as a bug, but you can handle that, right?
Chris: Yes, since they look much more charming.
Chris: Oh, we should go fishing here sometime.
Chris: I have heard that there are sea bass here.
Yamato: Yeah, there's a dam upstream. Ever since it was built, the sea bass haven't been able to swim past.
Chris: I would love to fish for them!
Yamato: There's also arowanas and piranhas.
Chris: I am certainly not going to fall for that.
Yamato: Humans let them go free here, like with the turtles. It's true.
Chris: ...The ecosystem here seems incredible.
Yamato: The arowana don't like the water here. You'll see them floating belly-up sometimes.
Chris: This river is so complex...
Yamato: Back during the heavy industrial days with all of the pollution, people called it the River of Death.
Yamato: But Kawakami Tesshin and other locals came together to clean it up.
Chris: And the clean water is why so many fish are living here?
Yamato: Due to global warming the water temperature is changing, and that's why some Amazonian fish can also survive here.
Chris: Each and every one of us must do their part to save the environment.
*This ends a very special episode of... Majikoi! Love the Environment Seriously!*
Yamato: First up... Let's nap in the shade of a tree!
Chris: We come all the way outside, and that is what you suggest?!
Yamato: The sun's too hot... No one can play in this.
Chris: ...Well, it certainly is hot. That would not be unwelcome.
Yamato: Then I'll go grab a blanket.
*--By the Tama River, in the shade.*
Chris: Wow, this is a nice place. The wind is doing wonderful work.
Yamato: Right? Isn't it great?
Chris: What are you doing at the corners of the blanket?
Yamato: I'm spraying some smokeless bug repellent. You hate them, right?
Yamato: I'm putting some at all four corners to form a barrier.
Yamato: Now no bugs will appear here. Right, activate!
Chris: I am so happy for that, Yamato.
Yamato: Great, then come on over and take a seat.
Chris: Hmm?
Yamato: No, in a way that lets me put my head on your lap.
Chris: Oh, so you want a lap pillow?
Yamato: Yeah. Your thighs look amazingly relaxing.
Chris: Yamato, I do not know how I feel about that.
Yamato: I meant it as a compliment, but... There we go.
Yamato: Wow, it's like heaven down here! Ahaha!
Chris: Is it something worth being that happy over? Heheheh.
Yamato: I wanted to have a nice, calm talk with you.
Chris: Hm...?
Yamato: About your dreams.
Yamato: You want to be a soldier like your father, right
Chris: Yes, and as a daughter of the Friedrich house.
Yamato: I've been wondering... Are you yourself okay with that?
Chris: What do you mean?
Yamato: That means risking your life. Have you really weighed that?
Yamato: I don't know if it's the sort of thing you should get into because it's the family business.
Chris: Oh, that is what you mean.
Chris: Rest assured I am fully prepared!
Yamato: I'm surprised your dad supports that decision.
Chris: More than anything else, it is what I desire.
Chris: I want to be an excellent soldier like my father!
Yamato: ...Is he really that great?
Chris: Yes, he is a hero in my country. Does he not look the part?
Yamato: Sorry, but no, he doesn't.
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...What? Are you against me becoming a soldier?
Yamato: I'm just enjoying how wonderfully soft your thighs are.
Chris: Hey!
Chris: Ah! What are you doing?! Stop squirming -- mngh!
Yamato: If you've accepted the consequences, then there's nothing for me to say.
Yamato: My job is to support your dream.
Chris: Okay...
Chris: Wait! Hey! Stop smelling my legs, you pervert! Pervert!
*...Right, of course Chris's dad was a skilled soldier.*
*Was that why he could do as he pleased?*
*He was trouble and a half...*
*After having spent the morning frolicking with nature, we went to lunch.*
Yamato: The Italian Shopping District was the obvious choice, but I chose here instead.
Chris: I am happy to go here. They do have such an extensive menu.
Yamato: Gosto's? All right.
Yamato: The only downside to family restaurants is that sometimes the other customers will drive you insane.
Chris: Truly? I will not deny the atmosphere is lively, and yet...
Yamato: I guess there's nothing wrong with families being lively... Let's go in.
*......*
Chris: I will take the Japanese favorites combo set.
Yamato: That comes with three sides.
Chris: Hmm, which should I choose?
Chris: ...All right. Yamato, you decide. I shall not complain.
Yamato: Pork shabu-shabu, pork fillet cutlets, and fried chicken.
Chris: Do you intend to make your girlfriend oily?!
Yamato: We've got a long day ahead. Store up that energy.
Chris: It is not that simple... You are going to eat some of the cutlets, understand?
Yamato: I'm having the healthy combo -- heavy on the veggies, light on salt.
Chris: Hey, should not the boy be having the oily food and the girl the healthy one?!
Yamato: You've gotten really good at those witty retorts.
Chris: I would not have to if your behavior were less outrageous!
Yamato: You see, I already decided I wouldn't spoil you.
Chris: That makes no sense!
*...And so we progressed along our lunch.*
Yamato: The pickled vegetables are a refreshing touch amid all the oily food.
Yamato: By the way, Chris, if I could ask you something personal...
Chris: Go ahead and ask. And eat one piece of fried chicken.
Yamato: I've actually been really curious about this, so...
Yamato: Do you have a fiance waiting for you or something?
Chris: A fiance? Heavens no.
Yamato: Oh, okay. That's good.
Yamato: I wouldn't have put it past your father to have set you up with someone.
Chris: Father has not once spoken to me regarding relations with a man.
Yamato: And girls don't talk about love and romance in German schools?
Chris: Not personally, though there were many tales from those around me.
Chris: There were charms and tricks as well, like walking ten steps in the shoes of the person you love. I know many who have tried those things.
Yamato: That's toeing the line to theft... Anything else?
Chris: Some would make hearts with their hands, then gaze through it at the person they had a crush on.
Yamato: That's adorable. Weird, but adorable. Is that it?
Chris: A third was to trim your pinky's fingernail to exactly 7mm for ten days straight.
Yamato: Now that takes dedication.
Chris: I will try. Give me a second.
*She formed the heart and stared through it into my eyes.*
Yamato: Oh, I feel like I'm falling in...
Yamato: ...to hell.
Chris: You are truly merciless! Ugh!
Yamato: I already decided not to spoil you.
Chris: Is that supposed to be your catchphrase now?
Chris: ...Humph.
Yamato: What now?
Chris: ......
Yamato: What's up, Kurikicchi? I won't know unless you tell me.
Chris: Saying that you are falling into hell...
Chris: What an awful thing to say.
Yamato: Oh, that bothered you? I'm sorry. I really do love you.
Chris: ...No, it did not bother me one bit. Hmph.
*Oof. She'd started sulking.*
*Shimokitazawa-kun once told me...*
Shimokitazawa: Yo dude, you seriously gotta take a few bitches for a ride, or you ain't never gonna learn how to take control.
Yamato: (He always had a very... extreme way of speaking, but... This is tricky.)
*All right, the check was here.*
Pay the entire bill
Split the bill
Let Chris pay the bill
Yamato: Okay, I'll pay for everything.
Chris: No, going Dutch will suffice.
Yamato: Let's say I'm making up for my cruel words.
Chris: It is not as if that money can heal the wounds in my heart.
Chris: We will split the bill here, and you will endeavor to do better elsewhere!
Yamato: Nnngh... You're so severe.
Yamato: Let's split the bill.
Chris: Of course. Things between us should be equal and fair.
*She already had her wallet out anyways, so...*
Yamato: You can take care of it, Chris.
Chris: Me, pay for everything?
Yamato: I'm a little bit tight this month.
Chris: I see. All right.
Chris: Then you will need me to take care of the movie ticket as well?
Yamato: Huh?! No, you don't need to... We'll split the bill.
Chris: Did you not just say you were tight on money? Please, allow me.
Yamato: I was joking.
Chris: Why must you... Do you realize how much worry your lies cause me?
*Still, she actually offered to pay for the movie tickets, too?*
*She was a rich girl to the core. And I almost let myself become her gigolo.*
*--In front of the movie theater.*
Yamato: The forecast says we shouldn't expect the good weather to last, so...
*I'd looked it up on my phone. A typhoon was coming.*
Chris: It is making landfall sooner than expected? The main storm is to come tomorrow, then.
Yamato: I don't want to get caught in the rain, so let's stick with the plan and see a movie.
Chris: No objections here. So, I see there are a lot. Which one should we see?
*I looked at the list... A lot of them were nearing the end of their run, too.*
T4 (Action)
Love Typhoon XIX (Romance)
Room 613 (Horror)
Dragon Reborn (Kung Fu)
Yamato: Let's go with the tried-and-true T4. Plus, I haven't seen it yet.
Chris: ...I have heard poor things about it, yet I am still curious to see it.
Yamato: We'd probably enjoy it if we lower our expectations.
Chris: Then that will be our choice. Let us go.
*--After the movie.*
Yamato: That was... Not good, but not bad either.
Chris: Let us be positive -- we have seen a movie that so many are talking about, and now we can join in their conversations.
Chris: Mar-san was interested in it, so I will text her my thoughts.
Yamato: Huh. I wouldn't have expected her to like summer blockbusters.
Chris: She is a fan of the leading actor, Kristian Balle.
Yamato: Wow, I never expected her to be a fangirl of anything.
*It felt like I'd glimpsed a whole new side of her.*
Yamato: The name's a bit melodramatic, but let's go with Love Typhoon XIX.
Chris: I had wanted to see that one, and it is rated highly.
*--During the movie.*
Yamato: (Another sex scene...? The director does know not every scene has to be in a bedroom, right?)
Chris: ...Mmngh.
*She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was embarrassed.*
*So I decided to mess with her by stroking her hand.*
Chris: ...?!
Yamato: (Kidding.)
Chris: --!
*She stomped on my foot.*
*The movie was pretentious to a fault, but I found myself enjoying it.*
Yamato: It's hot, so let's cool off with some horror.
Chris: I do not see even a sliver of need for that?
Yamato: Come on. It's too late to change now.
Chris: Why must you drag me to a horror film...?
Yamato: Oh, you're scared?
Chris: Not in the slightest!
Yamato: You're so easy to read, but that's one thing I love about you.
Yamato: I'm scared senseless right now, so hold my hand please.
Chris: I guess if that's the only way to calm you down... But do not let go!
*Squeeeeeeze!*
*--During the movie.*
Chris: ...Mn-mnnngh...
Yamato: You're hanging in better than I thought, honestly.
*About as well as your average girl would, to be specific.*
Chris: Of course I am. No knight would kneel before something as trifling as this.
Monster: Gaaaaaaaaaaaaah! (In the movie.)
Chris: ......!!! (She squeezed my hand hard.)
Yamato: (You're so interesting... I'll treat you right.)
*This wasn't how I expected my love for her to grow, but here we were.*
Yamato: The Dragon Reborn. That's what you want, right? I'm sure of it.
Chris: Uh, I would be happy with Love Typhoon...
Yamato: Well, then let the passion flow through you!
Chris: Who takes their girlfriend to a kung-fu movie?
Yamato: I take it you haven't seen anything like this?
Chris: Nothing at all.
Yamato: Then consider this your big chance!
Chris: Do you expect me to find it that interesting?
*--During the movie.*
Jakkie: Time for my counterattack?
Jakkie: Hoh! Hwatah! Aoooo!
Chris: Whooaaa!!!
Yamato: Uh, Chris, calm down! You're embarrassing me.
Chris: Impossible -- me, behave impolitely? ...Excuse me?!
Chris: I simply did not expect a movie with such intensity!
*Chris was overjoyed.*
*And so we spent the day together.*
*And for the end of the day...*
Chris: Hey... Your tongue... it just...
Yamato: Yes, Reverend, I stuck out my tongue during a kiss. What is my penance?
Chris: Do not speak as if you were going to confession!
*...We saved some time to flirt.*
Yamato: Once I make up my mind, I don't beat around the bush. Of course the tongue's getting involved.
Chris: Why must it be times like this when you sound the most passionate?!
Yamato: Chris, stick yours out too.
Chris: ...My tongue? That strikes me as improper.
Yamato: It's only keeping things fair. I've stuck out mine, so you stick out yours.
Chris: Mn... Mm.
*I kissed her sweet lips.*
Chris: *kiss* ...Hamph.
*She still hadn't stuck out her tongue.*
*I licked her lips, trying to coax her into it.*
Chris: ......!!! ...*kiss*
*Then I felt her moist tongue lick my lips.*
*And I wound my tongue around hers.*
Chris: Mn... *kiss*... *lick*
*A shiver ran through her body.*
Chris: Mn... *lick*... *smack* amph.
Yamato: Doing this with you feels so good.
Chris: ......That is it for today!
Yamato: Oh, leaving so soon?
*Summer break meant we spent every day together...*
*Which gave us endless chances to deepen our relationship.*
Yamato: The typhoon's really bad... We should stay inside.
Shouichi: Torrential rains and hurricane winds: Dude, I'm getting pumped!
Yukie: No, I certainly think that's a bit... Is there any risk of a flood?
Miyako: I know the Tama River's nearby, but don't worry. That's never happened before.
Miyako: ...I'm tired. I'm going to sleep. *yawn*
Shouichi: Huh? You're skipping out on the Thursday Night Movie Showing in the living room?
Miyako: I'm good. Good night.
Yamato: Good night. It's too bad. This C-movie's supposed to be hilarious.
*And so we got ready for our viewing.*
Tadakatsu: Ain't nothin' better to do today, so... Guess I'll watch.
*We each took a handful of the sweets Gen-san had brought and started watching.*
Matsukaze: Watchin' a movie with everyone's so fun.
Shouichi: Don't you go hoping for even a hint of a good plot. We're all here to laugh at it.
Chris: That is a rather sophisticated way to watch.
Shouichi: It's the same way I approached that live-action Dragon Stone Z movie back in the spring.
Yamato: Man, Yonpachi was really good at imitating Goku.
*Chris sipped her tea next to me.*
Chris: ...The heat is just perfect. Well done, Minamoto-dono.
*The wind rattled the trees.*
Chris: Mmm, and yet the wind is tremendous.
Shouichi: If Matsukaze took one step outside, I bet he'd go flyin' away.
Matsukaze: Even a thoroughbred like me ain't got nothin' on Mother Nature.
Tadakatsu: Oh, Titanik 2's started.
DiKaprio: They made this Titanik twice as big as the last one. Now there's no way it can sink!
Yamato: I still don't get why they made a sequel. And didn't he die?
Shouichi: But the way they forced the plot together is totally sweet!
*Suddenly, we were bathed in darkness.*
Chris: Is this the work of an enemy stand-in?
Yamato: I mean, if you stop and think, it's clearly just a blackout.
Shouichi: This's got my blood pumping!
Tadakatsu: It's just a pain in the damn neck... Eh, they'll have things runnin' again soon.
Yamato: ...Since it's pitch black...
*I took her hand.*
Yamato: Chris, would you mind?
Chris: Mind what, Yamato?
*I gently stroked her cheeks, making sure of where her lips lay.*
Yamato: Mind this. *kiss*
Chris: Mngh?!
Chris: Mn... Mmn... Mm.
Chris: You idiot! Everyone else is here too!
Yamato: It's just a summer night prank.
*Though truth be told, I would've been too scared to do it if Miyako were here.*
Yamato: One more!
Chris: Mnkh... Mn... *kiss*... Nmm.
Shouichi: Well, looks like this isn't ending anytime soon, so let's start up a game of shiritori.
Tadakatsu: That's so damn primitive... But I guess I'm in.
*I nibbled on her lip.*
Chris: Mnn... Mm... Mn.
Shouichi: Let's get this party started. Start us off with a bang, Mayucchi, with the letter 'B'!
Yukie: B-Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia!
Matsukaze: A... Aftershock. That's 'K' to you, Kurikicchi.
Yamato: *gasp*... (Say something.)
Chris: Huff... Umm...... K-Kiss......
Yamato: Oh, I see what you're thinking.
Chris: A-Again...? Mm... Kh.
Yamato: Sadomasochist! Nmm, mn...
Shouichi: That's tough, but not tough enough! Tundra!
Chris: Ah...! *Kiss!* (Another deep kiss? Everyone will hear!)
Yamato: Mmm...
*I sucked on Chris's moist tongue.*
Chris: ......!!! *kiss*... *lick*... Mnn.
Chris: *lick* Mn, mmm... *kiss*
Tadakatsu: (Hey, that sound... Don't tell me they're doing that?)
Matsukaze: Gizzard! Show me a 'D', Kurikicchi!
Chris: (Yamato!)
*She squeezed my hand.*
*She was clearly turned on right now.*
Matsukaze: Kurikicchi-kun, anyone home?
Chris: Nmm... Mn... Mmmm... Mm.
Yamato: (Wait, Chris. It's your tur--)
*But, before I could finish, the lights came on.*
Shouichi: ...?!
Matsukaze: Holy moly! Calm down -- everybody, calm yourselves!
Chris: Mn... *kiss*... *lick* Mn, mn, mm.
Yamato: Umm... Chris? The lights are...
Chris: Fwah...? (She looked around.)
Chris: ...Ah!
Chris: Uhhhh, well, you see...
Yamato: It's not Chris's fault. I started it.
Tadakatsu: Hmmm...
Tadakatsu: Just get a room already!!!
Yamato: Gaaaahhhhh!
*He chased us out.*
Chris: I am such an idiot... Ahhh, what have I done?
Yamato: Chris... I'm glad you're so bold.
Chris: How is that supposed to cheer me up?!
Chris: Oooh... I am so embarrassed.
*She crumpled to the floor.*
Yamato: She died so young. Rest in peace.
Chris: I am not dead!!!
Chris: The point is, no matter how much we may love each other, we are still students! There are lines we should not cross.
Yamato: Like what?
Chris: Umm... Some things are too dangerous... Like your tongue.
Yamato: But that's the best part.
Chris: No, we must stop!
Chris: You have no idea how embarrassed I am right now.
Yamato: Maybe... this much?
*I spread my arms as wide as I could.*
Chris: Not even close. More accurate would be from there...
*She pointed to a corner of the room.*
Chris: I am going outside.
Yamato: In the typhoon?!
*...Five minutes later.*
Chris: Huff, huff, huff... I am back from having touched Gosto's sign in the shopping district by the station... Huff.
Yamato: And why'd you do something that stupid?
Chris: Because that is the distance! From here, all the way to there, is the extent of my embarrassment!
Chris: Or did you expect me to somehow illustrate it just by spreading my arms?!
Yamato: To be sure, red-in-the-face doesn't even begin to cover it.
*Steam was coming from her ears.*
Chris: Hmph... Regardless, I have made my point. Understand?!
Yamato: Then let's have one last, deep k--
Chris: Prudence!
Yamato: Gwah?!
*Her snap kick was too fast for me to react to.*
*My consciousness... began to fade...*
*.........*
Yamato: Ah?!
*I'd dreamed that Nee-san had made me her chair.*
*Even now that I had Chris as my girlfriend...*
*Nee-san still dominated me.*
*This was bad, real bad... I needed a bath.*
Chris: What...?
Yamato: Oh, sorry. (Though I was half looking forward to it.)
Chris: You know you need to knock!
Yamato: Sorry, but somebody kicked me and so my mind's still fuzzy.
Chris: It is high time you learned your lesson. This never was and never will be funny.
Yamato: But you're my girlfriend now, so it's fine.
Chris: Fine? It is not fine for me...
Yamato: ...?
Chris: Wh-What...?
Yamato: You're taking this really calmly. Normally, you would've broken some roof tiles in rage by now.
Chris: I have never done that.
Yamato: And your wit's lacking its usual sharpness.
Chris: ...Stop.
Chris: Yamato, how long are you going to stay here?
Chris: I told you how awkward this is...
Yamato: I'm really sorry about that.
Yamato: But you're so pretty. I'm proud to have you as my girlfriend.
Chris: Huh?
Yamato: So show me more.
Chris: Wh-What are you saying? Where did this come from?!
Chris: I told you to be prudent. You are moving too fast. Much too fast.
Chris: I am not saying I hate you or anything, but relationships should be taken one step at a time, and...
Chris: Well... How to say it... This is my first time doing anything like this, and...
Chris: I decided that I want my first time to be with my husband.
Chris: So that has to wait until marriage.
Chris: ...What am I even saying?
Yamato: Then I'll strip too. Then we're even.
Chris: ...Yamato... Did you even listen to a word I said?
Chris: I said I felt awkward, so why will you not stop?
Yamato: A-All right, I'll leave. I'm leaving.
Yamato: ...On one condition -- kiss me.
Chris: What makes you think you can look down on me here?!
Yamato: Ouch! Stop kicking! Though there's nothing but joy in it for me if you lift your leg up that high--Gwah!
Chris: I will tell you one last time...
Chris: Be prudent!
*She kicked me out.*
*Mnngh. Ordering prudence from a young man was an act of tyranny.*
*But she'd put a hard limit on our level of intimacy.*
*The storm had passed, and it was clear skies today for our Friday Meeting.*
*Everyone was here, their Obon obligations complete.*
Shouichi: Seems like they wrote up a story about me in their local paper for catching these poachers.
Yukie: My father was overjoyed when I told him about you all.
Kazuko: I got to have fun fighting some pretty strong people.
Momoyo: And since we were in Okinawa, there were tons of hot young tourists!
Miyako: And the food was delicious. It was a good use of time.
Gakuto: What the heck? Everyone else had fun but me?
Momoyo: So how'd that mixed hot springs tour turn out?
Gakuto: It was terrible! Listen to this!
*--At the hot spring.*
Ikurou: For all that is holy and dear, please let the next person finally be a woman!
Gakuto: Why must every last person here be a man!
Ikurou: ...Because they're all here to check out naked women, too?
Gakuto: Dammit. And here I thought we'd found an edge, too.
Ikurou: Hey, someone's coming in!
Gakuto: Please let it be a woman! Please let it be a woman!
Old Woman: Oh, my. So many young folks.
Gakuto: Why wasn't I more specific, dammit?!
Ikurou: This is a mixed bath in name only... Why must the truth be so cruel?!
*All the men there felt let down.*
Man: Hey there. You look like you're having a bad day, so...
Man: What if I told you about this special orgy bath?
Gakuto: Seriously?!
Man: Absolutely. In fact, I'm only going from hot spring to hot spring to find the right men to invite to the orgy.
Ikurou: We have to go! Or else we'll regret it for the rest of our lives!
Gakuto: Damn straight! A man hasn't lived until he experiences an orgy!
Man: Whew, I love men who're resolute. C'mon, follow me.
*......*
Ikurou: What's up with this sauna? There's so much steam, I can't see anything!
Man: Hm? Really? You'll get used to it soon. This way.
Gakuto: There's somethin' scary on the other side of that fog, I can feel it.
Man: A man must be courageous! Come on, follow me.
Gakuto: Yonpachi, I must tell you that I have a bad feeling about this.
Ikurou: I hear you. There's a chance we're walking headfirst into gayland.
Gakuto: An orgy of men? ...That's not funny.
Ikurou: But if there's a chance, even a 1% chance, of an orgy with women...
Ikurou: I've gotta take that chance!
Gakuto: Dude, that's ballsy! I'll sit this one out.
Ikurou: Fine, you chicken.
Ikurou: I'll go in first.
Ikurou: You can change your mind after you hear my report.
Ikurou: If ya hear me scream 'Yahoo!' then come in and we'll start plowing those pussies.
Ikurou: However, if it's more like 'Gaaah!' then it's nothin' but men in there. Be ready to run.
Gakuto: ... *gulp* All right. Any last words?
Ikurou: A man who lives by the penis dies by the penis. I wouldn't have it any other way. CHARGE!
Gakuto: ...He actually did it. I salute you, sir.
Gakuto: Guess I'll just wait here for the signal.
Gakuto: 'Yahoo!' or 'Gaaah!' -- which one'll it be?
Ikurou: O-Ooooohhhhhhhhh!
Gakuto: A plot twist?! What's that supposed to mean?
Ikurou: Gakuto!
Gakuto: I hear a voice callin' to me from the distance!
Ikurou: This feels so good! You should come, too!
Ikurou: It's totally amazing -- don't miss out!
Ikurou: Look, just come!
Gakuto: ...Somethin' feels off about this!
Gakuto: ...And so I turned my tail and bravely fled.
Takuya: Huh? You left Yonpachi behind?
Gakuto: Of course not. After that, I came up with a brilliant plan to rescue him.
Gakuto: So I armed myself and stormed the bath...
Gakuto: Only to find nobody there.
Gakuto: And Yonpachi is still yet to answer his phone.
Takuya: This is starting to sound more like one of those campfire ghost stories...
Momoyo: How was your break, Mororo? You went to ComicFes, right?
Takuya: Yeah, and I managed to buy all the books I was looking for.
Takuya: But Suguru, well...
Suguru: What?! The Katrea body pillow has sold out?! Why must you toy so with my soul, GIGA?!
Takuya: He was really depressed from not being able to buy what he wanted.
Momoyo: He does define his life with that stuff, yeah.
Yamato: As for us...
Momoyo: It's 'us' already? Oooh.
Yamato: Yeah, since we've started going out.
Chris: I hope you support us.
Miyako: Congrats. *smile*
Miyako: I can accept you falling for someone in the family, and congratulate you.
Miyako: Please, don't worry about me. Go ahead, congratulate them.
Shouichi: Then if that's how it is, congrats.
Gakuto: Damn you for stealin' away the hot transfer student!
Takuya: Congrats. I'm honestly jealous.
Kazuko: Yay for you! Wow, Yamato and Kuri...
Momoyo: You might be her boyfriend, but you're still my lil' bro, got it?
Yukie: Congratulations. Matsukaze, would you perform the celebratory dance?
Matsukaze: Breakdance!
Gakuto: So, does Chris's dad know yet?
Yamato: I'm telling him next Sunday. He's made some time for me then.
Takuya: I hope that day isn't your last. Seriously.
Shouichi: There's no sayin' he won't whip out a gun outta nowhere.
Yamato: If we tell him our honest feelings, I'm sure he'll understand!
Yamato: ...Success means preventing a war, so Nee-san, I have a request.
Momoyo: You lost me, but sure, if the price is right.
Chris: A request? Cannot I do it myself?
Yamato: No. This is something only she can do.
Chris: ...Hmmm?
Yamato: Stop it. There's no need to feel jealous.
Chris: I would not say I am jealous in the slightest!
Gakuto: Yo, hey, have your couples' spat somewhere else.
Miyako: There they go again. And I wait, though waiting so be hell.
*--At a family restaurant.*
Chris's Father: Oh, the salad bar is all-you-can-eat? That is a good deal.
Margit: You always do try to be healthy, Lieutenant General.
Chris's Father: Yes. Heaven forbid I have cholesterol problems.
Chris's Father: But sugar is forever my weakness. A jumbo parfait, please.
Margit: You will bring me a plate of omurice.
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun, by all means, order whatever you wish.
Yamato: Oh, I'm fine. I'll still with just a drink.
Chris's Father: And yet... You want to speak to me regarding Chris?
Yamato: The truth is... Please stay calm for what I'm about to say.
Chris's Father: I assure you, I quite calm. No matter the battlefield, I have never lost my cool.
Yamato: Then I'll be blunt... Chris has a boyfriend.
Chris's Father: That is not funny!
Yamato: It's true.
Chris's Father: ...And you had no idea?!
Yamato: And to put it on the table, I'm the boyfriend.
Chris's Father: ...Excuse me?
Yamato: I'm the boyfriend.
*Margit's aura changed in an instant.*
Chris's Father: Perhaps you have forgotten who my assistant is.
Chris's Father: She is Second Lieutenant Margit Eberbach, leader of The Huntresses.
Chris's Father: When she removes her eyepatch, none in the West can match her strength.
Chris's Father: She will mercilessly hunt any prey I name.
Yamato: ...Rest assured, I do appreciate that.
Margit: ...Do not think being hunted down is the end.
Margit: My Huntresses know forty-eight torture styles. Beating, whipping, waterboarding, cockroaching... You will be made to pick your poison.
Yamato: Wow. You make extraterritorial rights look kind.
Chris's Father: You still do not understand your situation, do you? Right now, you--
Yamato: I have a choice to make: to return to the earth, to return to the sea, or to return home?
Chris's Father: And you believe that third option is available to you?
Yamato: I prepared for this eventuality, just in case.
*I raised my hand, and a bloodthirsty aura swept over the restaurant.*
Chris's Father: Oh...?
Chris's Father: I see... You brought strength with you. Well played.
Momoyo: That's me
Margit: Kawakami Momoyo... How could I have not noticed your presence here?
Momoyo: Not letting loose the second you showed your hostility was tough, yeah.
Chris's Father: So. What is your objective?
Yamato: She is simply insurance against any attempts to haul me away.
Yamato: All I want is to talk. So let's talk.
Chris's Father: What makes you think you have the right?
Chris's Father: You were tasked with watching over my daughter, yet you would take her as your girlfriend? That is treason, wouldn't you say?
Yamato: She was just...
Chris's Father: Hm?
Yamato: Chris was just too beautiful.
Chris's Father: I see... Yes, normally you would keep your wits about you, yet she was so cute that she stole your heart!
Yamato: Yes. (That was the only answer I had!)
Chris's Father: I do understand your passion. My daughter is charming to a fault.
Chris's Father: So... I will grant you had extenuating circumstances.
Yamato: Meaning?
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun, you are to break up with my daughter at once.
Chris's Father: Then I -- and the military -- will abandon our crusade.
*I wanted...*
Stay with Chris
Break up with Chris
Yamato: I refuse.
Chris's Father: Is it your will, then, that this land become scorched earth?
Yamato: But Chris loves me too. Me giving up wouldn't change anything.
Margit: Lieutenant General, you must not open fire here.
Chris's Father: Yes, that was close... I must take deep breaths...
Chris's Father: In my 47 years, such rage as this, where I forget my station, has been rare.
*He was younger than he looked! I knew he sounded young, but he was actually still in his forties?!*
Chris's Father: ...But yes, you are right. I must first confirm my daughter's feelings on this... matter.
Chris's Father: Then how about this: If she gives up, you will as well.
Yamato: All right. (I could tell he wasn't going to give me a better offer.)
Chris's Father: ...Then farewell for today.
Chris's Father: I trust you will handle the bill.
Yamato: (Ch-Cheapskate.)
Momoyo: That was really touch-and-go, Yamato.
Yamato: That gun gave me chills. I really thought he might fire at any moment.
Momoyo: Here's your bill. I made sure to get my money's worth.
Yamato: Whoa. Five desserts?!
Yamato: Well, that's a cheap price to pay to get out of here in one piece.
Chris's Father: ...Lieutenant, if you and all of the Huntresses were to attack Kawakami Momoyo, what would be your odds of success?
Margit: Negligible, sir. Her power far outstrips that of us mere mortals.
Chris's Father: ...While I am not suggesting anything...
Chris's Father: A hostage would surely leave even her unable to take action.
Margit: There would be no point. Her superhuman acceleration would let her attack in 0.1 seconds.
Chris's Father: And if the hostage were kept secluded somewhere far away?
Margit: It is impossible to say, not when I am certain she has many abilities she keeps hidden.
Chris's Father: So she is that strong... Goodness...
Margit: That is exactly why I want to fight her.
Chris's Father: You must not. I forbid it.
Margit: Yes, sir.
Chris's Father: Well, right now my lovely daughter takes priority. I must speak to her.
*A familiar scene was taking place in front of the school gate.*
Chris: I see. So that is what Father said.
Yamato: So the rest depends on you.
Chris: Leave it to me. I will speak with him this very night.
Chris: Oh, I am certain he will understand.
*...That night, on the Great Tama Bridge.*
Chris: I am sorry to make you come all this way, Father.
Chris's Father: I don't mind. I would do anything for my dear, dear daughter.
Chris's Father: Margit's unit set up a blockade near the entrance. There will be no passersby.
Chris's Father: You may speak freely.
Chris: I will.
Chris's Father: First, everything Naoe Yamato told me...
Chris's Father: Is it true?
Chris: Yes. We have confessed to each another.
Chris's Father: And you love him?
Chris: Yes. *blush*
Chris's Father: Hmm... Chris, you see, I must apologize to you.
Chris: ...?
Chris's Father: I taught you that Japan was special -- that her people were wonderful. But the truth...
Chris's Father: The pride their samurai ancestors is no more.
Chris's Father: I brought you to a sad wasteland of humanity.
Chris: ...But, I am enjoying myself.
Chris: And in him -- in Yamato -- I can sense a resolute will.
Chris: Though the country may be less than we hoped, not all have lost their pride.
Chris's Father: Yes... If you say it, then it must be so.
Chris's Father: Hmm... I thought him promising, but never realized his true potential...
Chris's Father: And now two people so different -- him in his flexibility, you in your rigid sense of justice -- have been drawn to each other...
Chris's Father: ...I see...
Chris: Father, do you understand now?
Chris's Father: Yes, I do. I will do nothing to him.
Chris's Father: Chris, let me be honest wit you.
Chris's Father: You are still studying as a student, learning to do chores, and training to be a warrior.
Chris: Y-Yes. And I am yet a novice in each field.
Chris's Father: If you take a boyfriend now, wouldn't that leave you unfocused and your journeys unfinished?
Chris: We will not know unless I try!
Chris's Father: There is a truth to that. However, our family has a history of arranged marriages.
Chris's Father: Up until a certain age we must pour our full strength into self-refinement, and only then search for a partner.
Chris's Father: That is why we can excel as we do in the military.
Chris's Father: Therefore, I oppose your relationship.
Chris: F-Father!
Chris's Father: But I know leaving things at that would leave things awkward for you.
Chris's Father: Which is why, Chris, I propose we go home.
Chris: To Germany?!
Chris's Father: I already intend to go back in the fall, at the start of September.
Chris's Father: You will be accompanying me.
Chris: B-But Father... You promised me until April -- that I could stay here for at least a year...
Chris's Father: It is wrong of me to break that promise. But I'm sorry.
Chris: This cannot be happening...
Chris's Father: Coming here was a mistake.
Chris's Father: It is time to go home, Chris.
Chris: ......
Chris's Father: Chris, I seek your happiness from the bottom of my heart.
Chris's Father: Obey me, and all will be fine. I will take responsibility for whatever happens.
Chris's Father: ...You've reached the age when every girl falls in love.
Chris's Father: That growth brings me true joy.
Chris's Father: But if you respect me, Chris, then you will obey.
Chris's Father: Am I clear?
Chris: ...I feel so lost and confused...
Chris's Father: I see... I did break my promise and now am taking you home so suddenly. I have no strong defense.
Chris's Father: Spend a few days thinking about it.
Chris's Father: Then it will be that cretin, or me. Am I clear?
Chris: ...Yes, Father.
*Chris staggered back to the dorm.*
Margit: I have sent a few women to be her bodyguards.
Chris's Father: Good. They will see her home safe.
Margit: Frau Chris... She looked to be in such pain.
Chris's Father: I have no doubt that Chris will come with me.
Chris's Father: She is my daughter, after all...
Yamato: Oh, Chris! How did it--
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: What's wrong? You look pale as death.
Chris: No, I am fine...
Yamato: What did he say?
Chris: ......
Yamato: What is it? Tell me, what did he say?!
Chris: ...I will consider this myself.
Yamato: You don't need to spare my feelings. Tell me.
Chris: ...That is not why.
Chris: This is my problem.
Chris: Which means I must solve it myself.
Yamato: ...I see.
Yamato: So you're going to go think about it in your room?
Chris: Yes...
Yamato: If anything happens, call me! I'm your boyfriend, after all!
Chris: Heheh... You are always so kind.
Chris: What should I do...?
*Chris mumbled to herself as she climbed the stairs.*
Shouichi: What's up with her? I wonder what went down out there.
Yamato: The only thing I can think of is that her dad said something to her.
Yamato: He's probably against our relationship.
Yamato: So if I'm right, she's wavering between me and him.
Shouichi: Makes sense... But if she's weighing you and him, you've got it bad.
Yamato: Ah...
Yamato: But I'll try to stack as much weight as I can on my side of the scale.
Shouichi: Don't go overthinking this. We still don't know the truth here.
Shouichi: You just gotta wait this out, and be ready for anything.
Yamato: Yeah... Thanks, Capt. That's a big weight off my shoulders, thinking through things like that.
*But I would still do the bare minimum, just in case.*
*Best not to leave everything to chance.*
*--Three days later.*
Shouichi: Chris's... She's been super silent lately.
Yukie: She must be worrying herself sick.
Cookie: Yamato, have you tried doing anything to help her?
Yamato: I've brought her inari sushi, and texted her late at night to cheer her up, but...
Cookie: Hmm? You're staying way more distant than I thought.
Yamato: She said she needs to figure this out on her own.
Yamato: I won't step in unless she asks, not until she gives her answer.
Cookie: But just waiting for her... That must be hell.
Yamato: I know! I mean, right now, I--
Yamato: ...I just want to do so much with her!
Yamato: It's our summer break. I want to be making memories, you know?!
Shouichi: Why's he in agony?
Cookie: He's in pain trying to keep his manhood in check. You'll understand someday, Meister.
Yukie: But it's already drawing late today... Oh!
Chris: Yamato... There you are.
Chris: I have my answer. Could we speak outside?
Yamato: Yeah, sure. Let's hear it.
Cookie: Mmm, I wonder what's gonna happen.
Cookie: Something about this feels wrong.
Matsukaze: A robot with a hunch? You're makin' me laugh.
Cookie: Says the cellphone strap!
Miyako: Things look lively here.
Shouichi: Huh? Miyako, weren't you going home tomorrow?
Miyako: I'm leaving early and coming back early, on Monday.
Shouichi: Okay. Yamato's off flyin' by the seat of his pants, so...
Miyako: Mm-hm, it's fine. It's completely fine.
Miyako: (By the seat of his pants, huh?)
Miyako: (I'll wait for you, little bird!)
*...The Great Tama Bridge.*
Chris: I spoke with Father here on Sunday.
Yamato: Yeah.
Chris: And he told me that...
Yamato: What?! He wants to take you back to Germany?!
*This was worse than anything I'd imagined.*
Yamato: That level of thoroughness is really like him.
Chris: I have thought and thought and reached a decision.
Yamato: Yeah. You've been working on this for three full days.
*Which meant she was probably set on her answer.*
Chris: I have decided...
Chris: To accompany Father home to Germany!
Yamato: ......
Chris: That is the answer I finally arrived at.
Yamato: ...Ah. After all that thinking, this is what you've decided?
Chris: I do, umm...
Chris: L-Love you...
Chris: It's a love that grows with each passing day.
Chris: I want to stay with you.
Yamato: ...I want to stay with you too.
Yamato: So why did you decide for us to be apart?
Chris: Because I decided I would live for my father's sake.
Chris: His will is my command.
Chris: I even decided I would risk my life for him.
Chris: And this is what he desires. I will do as he says.
*Chris had decided to run along the rails set before her.*
*And her will was firm.*
*There was logic to such a life, and yet...*
Yamato: I can't just accept that!
Chris: Yamato?
Yamato: Your view doesn't make any sense.
Chris: How so?
Yamato: Doesn't your father want you to be happy?
Chris: Yes, from the bottom of his heart.
Yamato: But you don't want to go home to Germany, do you?
Chris: No. I want to stay here with you, with everyone!
Yamato: See? Even now, this choice hurts you.
Yamato: Which makes it hard to say this will make you happy.
Yamato: All I see is a grumpy old man who won't let his daughter leave the nest.
Chris: And yet... Justice demands I stay with him.
Yamato: That justice of yours is starting to sound pretty crooked.
Chris: Justice... is the power to comport oneself logically, and to act without hesitation.
Chris: I chose to live for my father, so I must not hesitate now.
Yamato: All I hear is you using justice as an excuse.
Chris: How?!
Yamato: Remember when you gave Forty-seven Ronin as your example? They're cool guys who truly lived the path of justice.
Yamato: But what you're doing right now isn't cool.
Yamato: Are you staying true to justice, or to duty?
Chris: Are they... Are they that different?
Yamato: They are to me. So please, Chris. Think this through again.
Chris: ...But what am I to do?
Chris: After Father returns in September, he will not pay my tuition.
Yamato: Then use your father's promise against him and make him pay.
Yamato: After all, if he pulls out in September after promising to stay for at least a year, then he'd be no worse than the people he criticized!
Yamato: I know that argument will shake him to his core, especially given how good of a soldier he is.
Chris: ...You are not wrong, and yet...
Yamato: And Chris, I myself don't want to lose you... So please!
Yamato: Stay with me!
Chris: Yamato... I want to stay with you too, in truth.
Chris: But if this is the path my father chose then--
Yamato: Who the hell cares about what he said?!
Chris: I do!
Yamato: ...There's no changing your mind? Why do you have to be so stubborn?!
Chris: Shut up, idiot!
Yamato: What? You're the idiot.
Chris: I do not like it but I have no choice, idiot!
Chris: This is the way things have to be. Accept that!
Yamato: I can't, now can I? How can just brush it off!
Chris: I-I had hoped we could at least smile together before I left!
Yamato: You don't want to go, but you still want it to be all smiles?
Yamato: No! Not when I love you!
Chris: I do not want this either. I love you!
Passerby A: Mommy, what are they doing?
Passerby B: They're tasting a bittersweet fruit.
Passerby A: No, that's called a lover's quarrel.
Passerby B: What are you trying to prove?
Passerby A: Huh?
Passerby B: At this rate you're going to grow up to be someone who can't read the room. How sad...
Passerby A: D-Don't say that -- I just...
Chris: But!
Yamato: No, I don't need to hear any 'buts' about it!
Chris: Why can you not understand?!
Yamato: That's my line!
Chris: Huff, huff, huff...
Chris: I have had enough!!!
Yamato: What'll you do?
Chris: I will walk the path I chose!
Chris: I wish you could understand that, but if you cannot, then so be it.
Yamato: Hey, wait. We're not done here.
Chris: If you will not change your mind, I will not waste time listening to you!
*I watched Chris as she faded into the distance.*
Yamato: ...I had the right words, but it wasn't enough...
Momoyo: So, little bro, what'll you do now?
Yamato: Where'd you pop out of?!
Momoyo: A little puppy told me that two lovebirds were out on the Tama Bridge.
Kazuko: S-Sorry, but when I saw you I didn't know what to do, so...
Yamato: So you made things worse?! (I flicked her forehead.)
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: And you called us lovebirds?
Kazuko: Ow ow ow! I'm sorry! That's what the passerby said, so...
Yamato: Ugh. We stood out that badly?
Kazuko: Ow... Yamato, why... Ooh...
Yamato: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to hit that hard. There, there.
Momoyo: The question still stands. What'll you do, Yamato?
Yamato: How much do you know?
Momoyo: I came in halfway through, but since neither of you were budging, I pretty much heard everything.
Yamato: Ah...
Momoyo: How are you going to deal with her stubbornness?
Momoyo: Or are you giving up?
Momoyo: She is a military girl. There's no shame in knowing you're beat.
*She was stubborn, so...*
I'd never give up on her
A tactician knows when to retreat
Yamato: I'll never give up on her!
Yamato: ...I know she can be a clumsy fool...
Yamato: And there's times when I can't believe her...
Yamato: But she's cute, she's brave, she's amazing!
Yamato: Like hell I'm giving up this easily!
Momoyo: Mmm... That's just what I wanted to hear.
Momoyo: She's got an army at her back.
Yamato: I don't care -- I'm doing this!
Kazuko: Wow. You've got an idea, don't you?
Kazuko: Which means we don't have to plan a goodbye party after all!
Momoyo: I can't wait to see what you've got in store, Yamato.
Yamato: I won't disappoint!
*If words were useless...*
*Then there was only one other choice.*
*She said she was going back at the start of September. That gave me until August.*
Takuya: This is the yakiniku restaurant Yamato called us to.
Gakuto: Cafe Paradise and their char-grilled yakiniku? They've been in business for forty years.
Gakuto: Their Japanese beef is supposed to be amazing. This is awesome.
Takuya: What do you think made him say he'd treat us to yakiniku out of the blue?
Gakuto: I'm also curious why he narrowed the guest list to just you and me.
Takuya: And said we can't tell anyone. Something about this doesn't feel right.
Yamato: Oh, you're here. Come over here.
Gakuto: Oh, we're sittin' outside? Eh, but nobody else should be able to hear us if we're there.
Takuya: Wow, you've already started. Is that Japanese beef kalbi?
Yamato: Yeah, and they're really good. You two go order whatever you want.
Gakuto: I'll take you up on that. The beef rib soup here is delicious too.
*So began our three-guys yakiniku party.*
Gakuto: It's so good. Knowin' I don't have to pay for it makes it even better.
Takuya: So, why'd you call us here? I think it's time you told us, Yamato.
Yamato: But I'll try to stack as much weight as I can on my side of the scale.
*I ate more of the kalbi and offal, then wiped the glistening oil off of my lips.*
Yamato: About that... *gulp, gulp*
Takuya: Wait, what are you drinking?
Yamato: It's Maca Drink. It increases vigor.
Yamato: And I'm eating yakiniku. *om nom nom*
Gakuto: That's a lot of energy you're buildin' up there.
Yamato: ...Yeah. That's the plan... Don't be surprised, but...
Yamato: Tonight, I'm going to sneak into Chris's room!
Takuya: Y-Y-Y-You're what?!
Gakuto: Man, don't tell me you're goin' to...?
Yamato: With Miyako gone, this is my best chance. Especially since Capt and Gen-san aren't around either.
Yamato: I'm going to sneak into her room and do her hard.
*I said, tearing at the meat.*
*The gravy was perfect.*
Takuya: So you are going to try to stop her from going home?
*They'd heard from Nee-san.*
Yamato: Yeah. At this rate, it'll be like our relationship never happened.
Yamato: But I won't accept that!
Gakuto: And so you're goin' to pounce? ...Damn.
Yamato: Her heart doesn't want her to leave, but she's decided to obey her father anyways. Weird, I know, but I love her.
Yamato: So I'll make her body and heart both mine.
Yamato: I'll cross the line, and then she won't have a choice. *glug*
Takuya: Wh-What were in those four pills you just swallowed?
Yamato: They're premium Lance Hyper Weapons I imported from Hong Kong. An aphrodisiac.
Gakuto: You're thorough to a fault!
Yamato: And I had eel for lunch.
Yamato: Plus I've been taking lessons over the past three days from my friend Shimokitazawa-kun.
Takuya: Lessons on what?
Yamato: On how to please a girl with your tongue, and...
*I rubbed the bottom of my finger against an edamame.*
Yamato: A little bit of this!
Gakuto: It took me this long to realize it, but man, you're an idiot.
Takuya: So that explains today?
Yamato: That's not all. Today's also a safe day.
Gakuto: Dude, you got her to tell you that?
Yamato: Ask if they train during that time of the month...
Yamato: ...then follow up with asking how long they have to put up with it.
Yamato: From there you can pretty much figure it out.
Takuya: But, that sounds like you're just guessing, right?
Yamato: I can't be absolutely sure... But, well, I'm prepared to cross that bridge if I have to.
Yamato: So today, I'll head straight home.
Yamato: Watch my favorite porn until she's sound asleep...
Yamato: ...then I'll creep into her room so I can release my passion.
Takuya: Wow. You sound more like a beast.
Takuya: But is that ethical?
Yamato: It's not legal, no... But good and evil have nothing to do with it.
Yamato: I love Chris, so I don't want to break up.
Yamato: I'll do whatever it takes to stop that, anything that comes to mind.
Yamato: No matter what anyone says, I want to stay with her.
Takuya: You've really fallen for her... B-But what do you want us to do?
Yamato: Nothing, really. It's just, I have a pure and honest love for her.
Yamato: Even though she's my girlfriend, this could get me arrested -- or shot by her father. If that happens, I want someone to know the truth.
Gakuto: Yamato... You're such a man, dammit!
Gakuto: I should be the one treatin' you to a meaty meal!
Yamato: Gakuto...
Gakuto: If you're doin' this, then don't look back!
Yamato: I won't. In fact, I've actually been planning this for a full week.
Yamato: Ever since I saw how pale Chris was that night...
Yamato: I knew I had to consider this worst-case scenario!
Takuya: What else have you done besides learn those, uh, 'techniques'?
Yamato: I haven't jacked off for a whole week.
Yamato: My cannon is at full charge.
Yamato: If I were Mega Guy, my Mega Buster would be ready to Mega Blast.
Takuya: Y-You've really made up your mind! But wow, sneaking into her room...?
Gakuto: By the way, how are things between you and Chris right now?
*I flipped open my cell phone.*
Gakuto: A text from Chris? Subject: Idiot. Text: You're a stupidhead!
Gakuto: So, things are goin' good?
Yamato: Cute, right? Her limited vocabulary makes it even cuter.
Yamato: In fact, even when we pass in the halls...
Chris: ...Ya--
Yamato: Mmph!
Chris: ...Ooh.
Chris: Hmph!
Yamato: Hey.
Chris: I have no words to say!
Yamato: ...Yeah... You get the idea.
Takuya: Her vocabulary really that small...
Yamato: ...Well, anyway!
Yamato: I'm glad I was able to talk to you. Now I just have to do it.
Gakuto: Yamato, let's take a picture together.
Gakuto: We'll call it 'Together with the Hero'.
Yamato: Sure. If I fail, use it to get yourselves a good laugh.
*Chris had said...*
*She was saving her first time for her husband.*
*So I plan to take it as an advance payment on our wedding.*
*Wait for me Chris... I'll make you mine.*
*--11 p.m., at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: ...She should be sound asleep by now.
*The nonstop porn had left me at my limit.*
*And Chris and Mayucchi were the only other people in the dorm.*
Yamato: ...Here goes nothing!
*I went upstairs to Chris's room.*
*I took out my lockpick... But there was no need.*
*She'd left her door open to give herself a breeze.*
*And with guys normally forbidden from entering the girls' garden that was upstairs, she'd seen no need for caution.*
*But that rule meant nothing to me now.*
*I entered Chris's room, then closed and locked the door.*
Chris: Zzz...
*She slept without a care in the world.*
Yamato: Chris... I love you.
*I planted a kiss on her lips, knowing that wouldn't be enough to wake her.*
Chris: Mnn... Mm.
*The soft touch of her lips and that sweet moan were enough to make my sword ready for battle.*
Chris: Mnn... Yamato.
Yamato: ...?!
Chris: Zzz...
*She was just talking in her sleep... that's disappointing.*
*I tied a small towel around her wrists to prepare for when she did finally wake up.*
Yamato: I know this isn't right, but...
Chris: Mm.
*Then, with her defenseless, I exposed her chest.*
Yamato: I've gotten a few looks before in the bathroom, but... They're so beautiful.
*I pulled down my pants and freed my dick.*
*It was good to see it more fiery than ever.*
Chris: Zzz... Hmm...?
*Now I moved to strip off her underwear too.*
*Having both of us naked would speed things along.*
*I slipped her small, balled-up underwear past her ankles.*
Chris: Zzz... Hmm...
Yamato: Wow...
*Her silky gold pubic hair must have only just started coming in. It was incredibly sexy.*
*I stroked my fingers along that hair.*
Chris: Mmm...
*Then rubbed them against her soft slit.*
Chris: ...Kh... Mm.
*Never before had anyone touched the strong-willed girl's secret garden.*
*That thought caused me to strengthen my slow caresses.*
Chris: ...Zzz... Mmm.
Yamato: You're still asleep? Wow...
*I found my eyes drawn to her innocent, pink nipples.*
Yamato: I can't look away... *kiss*
*They were just the right size to take in my mouth.*
Chris: Hm? ...Huff, ah... Ah.
*I sucked on one, and it grew hard.*
*It would be wrong to only have one be erect, so I rolled my fingers over her other nipple.*
Chris: ...Mn... Mmm... Huh?
*Seeing both standing tall filled me with confidence.*
Chris: ...Huh? ...What?
Chris: I must be dreaming... Zzz...
Yamato: This isn't a dream, Chris.
*I whispered as I nibbled at her tender ear.*
Chris: Huh...? This is real...?
Chris: ...Yamato?!
Chris: Huh?! What?
Chris: Wh-What are you doing?!
Chris: M-My arms -- you...?!
Yamato: Now, just calm down.
*I ran my fingers through her silky blond hair.*
Chris: Yamato, what in the world are you...?!
*I patted her head while I spoke to her.*
Yamato: I'm here to make love to you. I want you!
*I threw my arms around her.*
Chris: Y-Yamato, you would go to these lengths just to...?!
Chris: You will pay for th--Fwah?!
*I drove my moist tongue into her ear.*
Yamato: Chris, I love you.
*Then continued to shove it in and out.*
Chris: Ah... Ah... Ah, wait, Yamato.
*I stroked her hair as rained a storm of kisses on her neck and throat.*
Chris: M-Mmnn... This is too rough...
*Then I smeared my tongue and its saliva over her regal face.*
Chris: D-Do not lick me. Stop! I said no!
Yamato: Chris... Mm.
*I forcefully stole her lips.*
Chris: Mn?! ...Mnn...! Mn...
Yamato: I like you. I love you.
Chris: No. No, Yama--Mmn!
*I sucked on her pink lips.*
Chris: Ahh... Fwah, mnn... Mm.
*Sucked hard.*
Chris: Mnph! Hamph... Mn... Fwah, ah, ah, mnwah... *kiss*... Mn.
*I nibbled on her firm lips.*
Chris: Pwah... No, stahmmnph?!
*When she opened her mouth, I shoved my tongue inside.*
Chris: Fweh?! Mn... Mmm?! Mnn...
*I found her tongue and wound mine around it.*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss, lick*... *smack*
Chris: Mwah... Hah, mn... Mm... Nmm... *lick*
*Our hot, wet tongues slid against each other.*
*There was no longer any need to hold back.*
Yamato: *slurp*... *slurp*...
*I let my saliva wash into her mouth.*
Chris: Nmm... Mn... Mnwah... *gulp*
*Chris noisily swallowed it all.*
Chris: Pwah... That is... Enough... Mn!
*I shot out my tongue and pressed the tip of hers.*
Yamato: *lick*... *smack*
Chris: Yama... to... Mn... *slurp, lick*... *smack*...
*I stroked both of my hands against her cheeks and through her hair, stimulating her ear.*
Chris: *slurp*... Mnnph... Ah, Yamato... *lick*
Yamato: Pwah... I love you...
*A string of saliva connected tongue to tongue.*
Chris: Yamato, no more. Stop. Stop! Ahh!
*Now I stuck my tongue into the back of her mouth.*
*Slobberly licked her gums.*
Chris: Mnah! ...Mnf, mm... *slurp* *lick*... *kiss* Mnn, mm... *slurp*
*Chris's body twitched in response.*
*I made sure to lick every inch of her mouth.*
Chris: ...Mnnph... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss* mn.
*Yes, nothing felt better than winding my tongue around hers.*
Chris: Mm, mn... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss* mnwah... *kiss*...! Mnf...
*It felt wonderfully good... But I wanted more of her.*
Chris: *slurp* Mn, pwah... Yamato--Mnph! Mnwah, ah... Mnkh... *slurp* *kiss, lick*
*Chris had given in and was drinking my saliva.*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss, gulp* Mn... Mmm.
Chris: Pwah... Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Drool dripped from the corner of her lips.*
Yamato: Chris... I love you.
*I planted kiss after kiss down towards her collarbone.*
Chris: Y-You would assault me... L-Like this...?
Yamato: Huh?
*Chris tried to meet my gaze, but soon looked away.*
Chris: This will change nothing...
Chris: You cannot hope to change my heart with these--
Yamato: I'm just getting started. I'll change everything.
Chris: Huh...? Wh-What do you...?
Yamato: You're going to feel my love until the sun comes up!
Chris: What? Wai--Ahhh?!
*I wildly reached for her beautiful boobs.*
Chris: Mm, ah... G-Get your hands off me. Mnnph...
*I groped away, enjoying the soft tenderness of both orbs.*
Chris: Stop, mn... Ah, mn... Ah, I said stop.
*Then I pinched her nipples.*
Chris: Mnah! Ahh... Hah, ah... Stop, not there.
*I kneaded her slowly-hardening nipples.*
Chris: Yaaahhh! ...Awah, wahhhhh.
Yamato: They're getting pointier. I know it must feel good.
Chris: Mn... Mmm... Yamato... Ahh!
*I rubbed, pinched, pulled at her nipples.*
Chris: ...Kwah... Hweh... You would pull them too--Ah!
*I tried everything I thought of on her nipples.*
Chris: Mnwah, ahh... That hurts. Stop pinching...
Chris: Fwah! Do not scratch them either... Mn, huff.
*Pressing her heated nipples between my fingers and rolling over them seemed to be what she liked best.*
Yamato: Was that a bit painful? Then I'll lick your wounds.
*I circled my tongue around her tip.*
Chris: Mwah, ah, ooh...
*Unable to hold back, I put my mouth over her pink protrusion.*
Chris: Ahh! Hah! Ahh... Fwah!
*I tried nibbling on it inside my mouth.*
Chris: Ah!
*A shudder bolted through her body.*
*Her white breasts grew moist with my saliva.*
Chris: Wh-What are you, a baby? Mn, ah...
*I flicked my tongue as I sucked.*
Chris: Mn... Mm.
*Now I sucked on it noisily.*
Chris: Ahhh!
Yamato: So you like being sucked on more.
Yamato: Then I'll suck you dry. Hamph!
Chris: Hyoooh!
Yamato: Mn... *smack*...
Chris: Mnahhh. N-Not so noisly--Ah!
*Her other nipple I squeezed and rubbed with my fingers.*
Yamato: This one's next. *kiss*
Chris: Mn! Ahh... Ah, no! Stop sucking!
Yamato: All right, then I'll go back to this one.
Chris: Ahhh... Yamato... No, no!
*Her nipples glistened with my saliva.*
Yamato: You're really sensitive, aren't you?
Chris: Th-That is ridiculous!
Yamato: Am I wrong?
Chris: Do not be ridiculous. No, I am not sensitive.
Yamato: Really? Hamph. (I sucked on a nipple.)
Chris: Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute... But how about your thighs?
*I crawled my tongue down her supple thigh.*
Chris: --!
Yamato: Can you hold back your cries?
*I smeared saliva over her beautiful white legs.*
*Bringing my tongue closer to her slit as I did.*
Chris: Wah?! N-No, not there!
*Chris struggled to escape.*
Chris: Stop! Not there! That is for after marriage!
Yamato: Then I nominate myself as your groom. I'll take my payment in advance.
Chris: No... No!
*Chris clenched her thighs tightly together.*
Yamato: Nngh... I can't open them.
Chris: I-I will not let you!
Yamato: Nah, I'm gonna succeed!
*I crawled my hands over her breasts, rubbing her nipples.*
Chris: Kweh... Wah.
Yamato: Now that your strength's left you, embarrassment pin!
Chris: W-Wawawa... S-Stop!
Chris: N-Not like this... Gh!
Yamato: I can see every part of you down here.
Chris: N-Not another word!
*I pulled open her slit.*
*Moisture already shone inside.*
Chris: Ah! Wh-Where are you touching? Sto--Ouch...
*I tried stimulating her clitoris.*
*Perhaps too forcefully; she even looked to be in pain.*
*I was going to move how I wanted, no holding back, but I didn't want to hurt her.*
Yamato: Is this better?
*I slackened the pressure, pressing against her clitoris with the bottom of my fingers.*
Chris: Ah... Mm... Mmm!
Yamato: That sounds like a yes.
*I then moved my fingers inside of her slit.*
*I especially focused on her pussy's entrance.*
Chris: Kh... Ah! Ooh!
*Her body responded by producing even more love juice.*
*With her moving about, it was hard to finger her in this position.*
*So I brought my mouth to her slit.*
Chris: Aiee?! Ah... Yamato, what are you--?!
*Chris's hips jerked in response.*
*I pressed my lips against her slit and licked the membranes inside.*
Chris: H-How can you lick down there? Ah!
*It tasted salty, with a hint of sourness.*
Yamato: It tastes great. I'm going to lick you all over down here.
Chris: ...Ugh, kh... Ah... Mn, n-no... Mnph!
*Growing more and more aroused, I licked away.*
Chris: S-Stop, you are being far too persistent--Ah!
*Licked as if to paint a layer of saliva over her pussy.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah, ahh... Ooh! Yamato, no! I will scream! Everyone will--
Yamato: No one's here tonight. Scream all you want.
Chris: N-Now that you mention it... Hauu?!
*This time, I licked her clitoris.*
*Rapidly stimulating it with my saliva-soaked tongue.*
Chris: Mn, mmm... Hah, ah...! Y-Yamato, your tongue--Ahh! Mn!
*All the ministrations made her clit grow hard and erect.*
*I smacked my lips on it and sucked.*
Chris: N-Not there! I will go crazy!
Yamato: Your wish is my command.
*I sucked even harder.*
Chris: Ahh, mm... No, I said no! ...Ah, ah, ah!
*Chris's cries grew even louder.*
*Now I pressed my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy.*
Chris: Ah!
*Churned my tongue inside of her.*
Chris: ...Kh... Mm... Hah.
*I kept noisily licking, but...*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff...
*Though the amount of nectar grew, her reactions were still just too weak.*
Yamato: It looks like this is what you like.
*I flicked her clitoris with my tongue, pushed against it.*
Chris: Ahh... Not there. Not with your tongue. Do not--Ah!
*Even her internal membranes convulsed at the pressure.*
Chris: Fwah... Mn, ahhh...
*A cloudy white liquid seeped from her vagina.*
*I slurped noisily on it.*
Chris: O-Oooh... Kh, N-No more, please...
*The nectar from her virgin pussy sparkled around my lips.*
Yamato: Don't worry, Chris. I've figured out what gives you pleasure.
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huh...?
Yamato: It's the one that sounds like your nickname...
*I kissed her clitoris and swallowed it up with my mouth.*
Chris: Wah?!
*All as I slowly sucked on it.*
Chris: Ahhhhh! Hah, ahhhh!
Chris: Wh-What is this? What is going on? Ah, ahhh!
*I licked and smacked, pressing my tongue in hard.*
Chris: Ah, ahh! Y-Yamato... Ah!
Yamato: Don't bite your tongue.
Chris: L-Listen to me... Y-You are going to drive me crazy, truly.
Chris: I am begging you, do not suck! Absolutely do not!
Yamato: Okay, so you want me to suck away?
Chris: Noooo!
*I start sucking as hard as I could.*
Chris: A-Ahhh... Aweh... That is too ha--Ah!
*And this time, I mixed in the occasional light nibble from my teeth.*
Chris: Ah, ahh, do not bite!
*But play-biting and sucking I did.*
Chris: Kh, ah, ah, ah, ah...
*As I continued to suck, her clitoris became noticeably harder.*
*I stimulated it even more forcefully with my teeth.*
Chris: Ahh! ...Ah, ah... Mnnnnaaahhhh...
*A shockingly heavy shudder ran through her.*
*And a flood of nectar spilled from her pussy.*
Chris: Ahh! Ahh... Ah... Huff, huff, huff.
*Afterwards, she fell limp.*
Yamato: Your o-face is adorable.
Chris: Kh, ooh... Ah, do not lick it again, not now.
Yamato: So you are sensitive after coming.
Chris: Argh. Please stop that... Yamato...
Yamato: All right, I'll caress somewhere else.
Chris: Huh? Ah!
*I pushed her legs firmly out of the way and brought her asshole fully into view.*
*Then tickled the area with my fingers.*
Chris: No......!!! Wh-Where are you--?!
Yamato: You're adorably pink here too.
*I spread it open with my fingers and brought my mouth to it.*
*Then poked my tongue inside.*
Chris: Aiee?! Y-You idiot! No! Not there!
Yamato: Nope, this is the right place. I can even smell it.
Chris: Y-You pervert! You pervert! You pervert!
*I began licking around her anus with my saliva-moist tongue.*
Chris: N-No, ah... S-Stop.
*And poked at her asshole too.*
Chris: Wah!
*Her asshole twitched in surprise.*
Yamato: That reaction's so cute. Mn... *smack*...
Chris: Hm, you are licking me... Kh, ooh.
*I licked away, painting saliva all around.*
Yamato: You're tasty, down here.
Chris: Ahhhh! You pervert!
*Now I licked about with the base of my tongue.*
Chris: ...Oh! ...Mm... Ah, stop!
*I licked again and again to truly taste it.*
Chris: No, no, no, no!
*Chris kicked her legs, trying to fight me off.*
*And clenched her asshole shut.*
Yamato: Your face is beet-red.
*I slid my tongue all around her moist asshole.*
Chris: Kh, of course I am. Get your fingers off of me.
Yamato: Unlike your vagina, I guess it takes some time to feel pleasure from your backdoor. But relax. The night is young.
*After thirty minutes of licking her asshole...*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Ah... Ahh... Ah!
Yamato: It's starting to feel good, isn't it?
*I asked as I licked up the sweat beading on her ass.*
*My saliva covered her perky ass.*
Yamato: What do you say, Chris?
Chris: Huff... Huff... Of course it does not.
Yamato: Oh... Then how about this?
*I narrowed my tongue and drove it through the entrance I'd spent so long relaxing.*
Chris: A-Are you a stupidhead? Stop!
*The membranes inside her ass tasted a bit bitter.*
*I rapidly moved my tongue inside of her.*
Chris: Kweh... Mnah... Mn, mmmm!
*As I tasted her ass, I could see her pussy in front twist and jerk.*
Yamato: Sorry, I left this entrance waiting.
*I went back to rubbing her clitoris with my fingers.*
Chris: Ah! There again...? ...Nwah, ahhh!
*With me working both her asshole and clitoris at once, Chris couldn't help but cry louder and louder.*
Chris: Oh... Ooh... When you are already touching me there, too?
Chris: I... Ah... Ah, ah, ah!
*My tongue brought from her sweet moans.*
*I pinched her clitoris and licked inside her ass.*
Chris: Kwah! Stop! Ahhhhh!
*Again her curving body told me she'd reached climax.*
*My tongue felt as limp as she looked, after all that licking.*
Yamato: Chris, I'm amazed you came from your ass.
Chris: ...O-Oooh...
Yamato: Oh, your nipples... They're lifeless. I'm sorry I forgot about them.
*I sucked hard and made them hard again.*
Chris: Hahn... Yamato... That must be enough...
Yamato: What are you saying? It's finally time for this.
*I showed her my fully-erect penis.*
Chris: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What is that?!
*After all the stuff I'd eaten and taken, my dick was rock-hard.*
Yamato: I've been holding back, so it's covered with that strange liquid.
*I rubbed the precum against her thigh.*
Chris: Wait... Wh-What is that? This cannot be.
Yamato: There's no need to be scared. It's something you're going to get to see most every day now.
Chris: What do you--Mmnph!
Yamato: Mm... *kiss* Chris, I love you.
Chris: Yamato... B-But...
Yamato: I'm putting it in.
*I rested my penis against her entrance.*
Chris: Y-Yamato...
Yamato: I love you...
Chris: I-I... I...
Yamato: (Don't speak!)
*My penis, swollen, had passed its limit. I plunged it through her slit.*
Chris: Kweh?! Ugh... Ahh, you put it in?
*I had gotten the location and angle down pat when I'd fingered and licked her earlier.*
Chris: Ooh... Ooh...
*Sticky noises echoed from our wet genitalia.*
*I could feel her nervousness through my cock.*
Yamato: Mmph!
*I continued to drive my glans through her narrow entrance.*
Chris: Kh... Oooh... Ahh!
*Slowly but surely thrusting into the virgin.*
Chris: Ts...! You are coming inside me...
*Sweat soaked her white limbs.*
Yamato: It'll be easier if you relax.
Chris: ...You ask... The impossible...
*With the help of her love juice, I steadily moved forward.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Then I felt something against the tip.*
*Her hymen, surely.*
Yamato: I'll take responsibility for everything.
Yamato: So Chris... I'm making you a woman. My woman.
*Then I shoved my hips.*
Chris: Gh!
*I could feel it rip and tear before my girth.*
Chris: Kh! Huff...
*Then continued to slide through her moist passage.*
*Once I'd gotten past her maidenhead, the rest was smoother than I'd expected.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Yamato.
Yamato: Can you tell? We've become one.
Yamato: So I promise we'll marry someday.
Chris: Gh... Ooh, Y-Yamato, it is so hot...
Yamato: So are your insides.
*Her real, live pussy felt better than anything.*
*My penis twitched inside her.*
*And her vaginal walls twisted and squeezed against me.*
Yamato: ...I'm moving.
*I slowly pulled back my dick.*
Chris: ...Mn! Ah!
*It was as if my dick were sucking on her love juice.*
*Even her vagina was pushing me back; if I lost focus, it might even push me out.*
*I pull out to the edge, then pushed my way back in.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah... It hurts...
*Blood trickled from where our bodies became united.*
Yamato: Are you all right? But even if you're not, I won't stop. You have to bear it.
Chris: Kh... Mn... Ugh!
*Then I picked up the pace with my thrusts.*
Chris: Huff, kh, ugh... Wah, ahh...
Yamato: Chris...
*I felt for her, but I wouldn't stop my hips.*
*Just moving through her moist insides made my lower body feel like it was melting.*
*My glans forced its way to her deepest membranes.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah! ...Mn... Ah!
Yamato: Mn. Feel like you've caught your breath?
Chris: Ah... It's so hot... Haah.
Chris: ...Yamato... Wah?!
*Her vagina felt more relaxed, so I accelerated, slapping my hips into hers.*
*Love juice splashed from our crotches.*
Chris: Ahh... Wehn... Mn, ahh... Your thing... is going... wild... inside me.
*As I grew more used to the movement, my thrusts became more rhythmical.*
Chris: Ah, that is too rough... Ah, ah!
*With every thrust, her vaginal walls clamped down on my dick.*
Chris: I-It sounds so... Dirty... Mn.
Yamato: That's mostly because of your love juice.
*Nasty, watery sounds echoed whenever I moved my hips.*
*So then why had I not cum yet?*
*I wanted to, but it felt like I couldn't.*
*I probably had to thank all the drugs and food. That had probably left my dick a little strange.*
*I'd just have to fuck her until I came, all while searching for her G-spot.*
*I rubbed her walls, looking for a reaction.*
Chris: Mm... Ah... Ah.
*This didn't seem right. But how about here?*
Chris: Mmm... Kweh, ooh...
*That wasn't anything special.*
*Her skin had already flushed the color of cherry blossoms so the pain should have eased.*
*Then what about here?*
Yamato: Mmph!
*I slammed against her, knocking heavily against her womb.*
Chris: Ahhhhh?!
Yamato: Oh, did that feel especially good?
Chris: I-I do not know... And why do you expect me to answer you?
*To test, I pushed my hips forward, finding a deeper angle.*
Chris: ...Haah... Ahhh... Yamato...
*That let me scrape her deepest point with my tip.*
Chris: Mm, mm... Your penis is all the way in there...
Yamato: Can you tell? I'm scratching against the entrance to your womb.
*I wriggled my hips, stimulating her.*
Chris: Ahh! Mnah... Mnfh... Ahhh?!
Yamato: Oh, you're so tight... So you are sensitive here.
Yamato: And it's rough. Damn, it feels so good to the touch.
*I pounded deep in her pussy over and over again.*
Chris: Kweh... Ahh... Yamato... That is--!
Yamato: What about here?
Chris: Mnkh... Mn, mn, not so fast...
Yamato: Why?
Chris: I-It is weird, to thrust there--Haaah, ahh! So please, more slowly--Fwah!
Yamato: So you're sensitive down deep.
Chris: Ah, gh, y-you are grinding against it? Ahhh!
*I picked up the pace, slapping against her womb.*
Chris: No, ah... No, stop... Ah!
Chris: M-My body... Is going numb... Ahhh!
*Chris truly was sensitive.*
*It was hard to believe this was her first time.*
Chris: Ahhhh! Y-You keep focusing there! Yamato!
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good?
Chris: Hah, ah...
*I shoved against her womb.*
Chris: Huff, th-that feels so good...
Yamato: Then, mmph, I'll keep doing it.
*Once I'd placed the tip of my glans against her womb entrance, I throughly rubbed.*
Chris: Mnaahhh! Y-Yamato, that feels good...
Chris: Ah, your hard thing is hitting me. Yamato, ahh, this is amazing!
Yamato: Do you love me?
Chris: I love you! I really love you... Yamato!
*Her membranes squeezed and worked my rod, which of course brought me to my peak.*
*I looked down at the dick as it plunged in and out of her to see it was already soaked in her love juice.*
*Unable to hold back any longer, I pounded her.*
Chris: Ahh, th-that is so rough! Ah, ahn, Yamato!
Yamato: Just so you know, I'm going to cum inside you, Chris.
Chris: Huff... Ah, mn, huh? Inside me?
Yamato: I've decided, mnph, I'd risk my life to have you.
Yamato: So take it all into you.
Chris: Y-Yamato... Kh, hah, ah!
*I thrust as powerfully as I could.*
*Felt as if I were scraping against her inner walls.*
*I sped my hips even faster.*
Chris: Ahhh, ahhh... Y-Yamato... Ahh, Yamato ...Yamato!
Yamato: Are you going to cum, Chris?
Chris: Y-Yes... It feels good, so good.
Yamato: Then cum with me.
Chris: Ah! Ahh! Ah! Ah...
*As we charged towards our peaks, I reached top speed.*
Chris: Ah! Ahhh! Ah, I love you... I love you!
*Chris's legs trembled.*
Yamato: Chris... Chris!
*Her pussy clenched tight.*
Chris: Ahh, ahh, Yamato... Yamato... Ah, ahh, ah!
*For the final push, I slammed into her with all of my strength.*
Chris: Ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
*All the cum I'd stored up blasted into her.*
*Did it from the deepest point of her pussy, letting it gush into her womb.*
Chris: Ahhh! Wh-What is going on? There is so much hot stuff!
*Her body shook and shuddered as she came with me.*
Chris: Ahhh... There is still more... Ah, ahhh.
*Between having stored up and the doping, my cum was an endless stream.*
Yamato: It doesn't feel like it's stopping...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Chris: A-Amazing. Your dick is so amazing. Ah, ah!
*The cum I'd ejaculated went straight into her womb.*
Chris: Any more, and I will go crazy all over again!
*Spew, spew, spew!*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*Again Chris climaxed.*
*Now a woman, she erotically twisted and wiggled.*
*And yet the semen still didn't stop.*
Chris: Kwah... Huff... Huff...
*Some even spilled from where we were connected.*
Chris: You... Must be kidding...
Chris: Even more...? I cannot...
Chris: My head... Feels numb... Ahhh.
*Spew, spew, spew...*
Chris: I am... Begging you... Pull... Out...
Chris: I am going to go crazy... Yamato.
Yamato: Yeah, go crazy for me.
*Spew... Spew...*
Chris: Ahhhh, you bully! More? Even more?!
*But even then I didn't let her go.*
Yamato: I'm going to get a good look at your face.
Chris: No! Look away! I do not want you to see me like this...
Yamato: *stare*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhh! You are staring at me, and yet--!
*Another round of convulsions seized her.*
Yamato: Damn... I had no idea I could come this much.
*I poured all that I could in before finally pulling out my dick.*
*Her slit, which had been prim and proper until all so recently, now dribbled with semen.*
Chris: ...Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Her orgasm still continued on.*
*I rubbed the semen that had overflowed onto her legs and ass.*
Yamato: I'll put plenty of it here too...
*I smeared the thick gunk on her clitoris.*
Chris: Wah! No, not now...
Yamato: You're so cute... Here, I'll untie your arms.
Yamato: Do you want a drink? I brought water.
Chris: Y-Yes.
Yamato: Oh, I'm giving it to you mouth to mouth, of course. Nmph.
Chris: Mm... *gulp, gulp, gulp*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: You're so cute.
Chris: Ts!
*Her cheeks turned bright red*
Yamato: Mn. Why talk when we can start Round 2?
Chris: Huh? Hey... Uh, what are you...?
*I removed her nightdress, leaving her naked.*
Chris: Hey... What is this 'Round 2'?
Yamato: My Johnny can keep going.
*It was sharp and erect, without any signs of wilting.*
Chris: --What?
Yamato: Now, let's go. What position do you want?
Chris: A-Any more of this and I will...
Yamato: I'm going to make you mine in body and soul.
Yamato: I'll make love to you until dawn.
Chris: Kh. M-My rapier...
*Chris reached for the weapon hanging on her wall.*
*But she couldn't muster up the strength.*
Chris: ...Kh... My hips... I cannot stand.
*She was on all fours, but she still reached for the weapon.*
*I grabbed her hand and stopped her.*
Yamato: I see, so you want it from behind? Got it.
Chris: N-No... Kh.
*Chris tried to escape, but...*
*I clamped hold of her hips and pulled her towards me.*
Chris: Wawawa!
Yamato: Gotcha.
Chris: H-How are you so strong?
Yamato: This is when a male's at his best.
Yamato: Though actually, I can't believe you'd draw your sword against someone you love. I'm supposed to stab into you, not the other way around.
Chris: Ah...?! Mnn... Kh, ooh...
*I inserted my raging dick into her from behind.*
Chris: Ah, kh, you would do me like a dog?
*Her insides were still wet with semen, so it was a pretty smooth insertion.*
Yamato: I never thought the day would come when I'd do you from behind.
*I felt the numbing joy of triumph.*
Chris: Yamato... Mmm... P-Pull it out... I cannot take anymore.
Yamato: That's not what your pussy's saying. It's hungry for more.
*Her walls eagerly entangled around my member.*
Yamato: I'll be at your favorite spot soon enough.
Chris: Kh, ooh... Huff, your hot thing is coming back inside me...
Chris: Ahh, so deep... Mn, I feel it hitting.
Yamato: It's in, right?
Chris: Ah... Ahhh.
*Did just touching the back feel that good? I wasn't moving, and yet Chris's body trembled all the same.*
Yamato: Amazing. This feels completely different.
*I had no idea a different angle could make a pussy feel so different.*
Chris: ...Kh, Yamato... Mm.
*I decided to wait until Chris calmed down.*
*I spread open her asshole and took a look.*
*I could even see the membranes inside.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Mmm, you've caught your breath? Then I'll move.
*With both hands on her shapely butt cheeks, I thrust my hips.*
Chris: Fwah, mnn... Yamato... Mnah.
Chris: I-I told you I cannot keep... going, and yet... Mn, hah...
*Chris from behind struck such an enchanting figure that I couldn't help but fuck her hard.*
Chris: Haau... Mnkh, ah, you are so rough...
Chris: Ahhh, Y-Yamato... Not so sudden, mnah!
Yamato: But your insides tell a different story... Mnph.
*Her walls felt almost like a warm blanket around my cock.*
Yamato: See? *slap*
Chris: Ooh... Ahn, ahh!
Yamato: There! *slap*
Chris: Ahh... Ah, kh... Mm.
*Though I was being a bit rough, her pussy reacted like she was enjoying it.*
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good...
Chris: Mmm, hah, mm, r-really?
Chris: Ah, I do not truly understand, but--ah, akh!
Yamato: Don't worry -- I'll keep fucking you deep!
*I thrust my hips, aiming for the entrance to her womb.*
*Pounded so hard that my hips slapped into her voluptuous ass.*
Chris: Hauu...! So deep... Ah, ahh!
*Her curvy body responded with pleasure.*
Yamato: Wow, I can't believe you're this turned on on your second time having sex.
*I fucked her hard, making sure my glans got all the way back there with every thrust.*
Chris: Fwah... Ahh... Ahn, ahh... Mn, Yamato, again always in deep? Huff...
*By her voice, I knew she was completely turned on.*
Chris: Ahh! Your hard, hot cock is hitting me... Mnph!
*Chris had begun moving her own hips in search of pleasure.*
*Even her asshole was twitching.*
Yamato: You've got such a nasty ass!
*I slapped my palm against it in punishment.*
Chris: Fwah?!
*Causing Chris to jerk in response.*
*And her inner membranes squeezed down as well.*
Yamato: Hey, Chris... Are you...
*I began to ask as I slowly advanced down her canal.*
Chris: Mnwah... Huh? What?
*Was the reason she'd enjoyed her first time that much been because I'd forced her down and tied her hands?*
*For the second time, I'd penetrated her forcefully from behind, only for her to soon enjoy it. Now I get this reaction from slapping her ass.*
Yamato: You're a masochist, aren't you?
Chris: H-How would I know that? Ahh!
Yamato: Then I'm pretty sure I'm right.
*Again I slapped her ass again.*
Chris: Haahn... Stop that!
Yamato: Your moans are giving me chills... They're so hot.
*As her ass quivered, so too moved her vaginal membranes, putting pressure against my penis.*
Yamato: Hah, hah! (I slapped her twice more.)
Chris: Mmm! E-Enough! You are awful!
Yamato: So you say, but...
*Every slap made her pussy contract tighter.*
*I'd bet she liked it rough.*
Yamato: Which means--!
Chris: Fwaaaaahhhn!
*I seized her ass and sped up my thrusts.*
Chris: Mnah, ahhh... I feel... Like I am burning inside!
*Moist, splashy sounds reverberated across the room.*
Chris: Ah, ah, ah! You are churning my insides... Mnn, ah!
*Slap, slap, slap, went my hips against her ass.*
Chris: Fweh... Kh... Ah, how...
Chris: How does being done from behind feel so good? Mnph!
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust.*
Yamato: Chris!
*I leaned onto her sweaty back.*
*Then I grabbed her breasts from behind and pinched her nipples.*
Chris: Ah, my breasts again...? Nwah... Ahh!
*As I groped the hell out of them, I stimulated her deep in her pussy from behind.*
Chris: Ahh, if you keep doing both at once... Ahh!
Yamato: Feels good, right?!
*I ground my dick deeper inside of her.*
Chris: Mnah, y-yes... It feels good...
Yamato: Chris...
*My love for her welled up inside me, and I kissed her.*
Chris: Mnn... Amph... *lick*... Pwah, Yamato...
Yamato: Stay with me...
*For the final sprint, I retook hold of her ass.*
*I sent my powerful thrusts deep inside her.*
Chris: Fwaaahh... Hm, Yamato, I-I...
*Her moist walls contracted, guiding me to my peak.*
Yamato: About to cum?
Chris: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Then you have to say so. Tell me you're cumming.
Chris: Ahh! I-I could not possibly...
Yamato: Understand?!
*I kept slapping her beautiful ass as I thrust away.*
Chris: Fwah! A-All right!
Yamato: I... I'm cumming too!
Chris: Ahhh!
*I drove in as deep as I could and aimed my sperm at her womb.*
*And my seed showered down upon it.*
Chris: Ahhhhh! Yamato, this is amazing!
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Chris: Ahhhhn! Your hot stuff is--ah, ah!
Chris: I-I am cumming...
Chris: Ah... Ahh... Ah... Ah... Ah.
Chris: Mm... Ah, Huh? Bwuh?!
Yamato: You're so attractive that my Johnny's not shrinking one bit.
*I moved as if to rub the remaining drops against her pussy walls.*
Chris: Mmm... You are moving again?
Yamato: I still want more of you!
Chris: B-But my insides are already soaked with your spunk...
Yamato: Chris... Chris...
*The wet noises arose again as I thrust.*
Chris: Ahah! Ahh, ahh, ahh, ah!
Chris: Y-You are churning through it all, mnph...
*Chris too was shaking her reddened ass.*
Yamato: Hm, that's so nasty of you... I love it.
*I thrust into the sensitive spot in the back.*
Chris: Ooh! ...Ah, mnah, ah.
Chris: Huff... If you do that to me now, I will..,
*I slap her swaying butt.*
Chris: Yahhh!
*Twice more I struck that vivacious meat.*
Chris: Aweh, fwahn!
Yamato: Doesn't that feel good?
Chris: Ah, ahh! ...N-No... Ahhh!
Yamato: Then say it. Don't be so stubborn.
*I asked while I mercilessly pounded her deep.*
Chris: Nyah... Ahh, it feels so good...
Yamato: What do you like?
Chris: Ahah! I-It feels so good when you hit my ass...
Yamato: Like this?
*I hit her harder than ever.*
Chris: Fwaahhhh...
*A shudder ran through her. She must have had a mini-orgasm.*
Yamato: Mnn... Raise your hips a bit higher.
Chris: Huff, Yamato, no more, please...
Yamato: You don't have to raise your head.
Chris: Ahhh!
*I shoved her head down.*
*Then I drive hard into her upthrust ass.*
*Pound! Pound! Pound!*
Chris: Ah, ahn, ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: Chris! Chris! Chris!
Chris: Y-Yamato! Fwah, hgh, ahh!
*I thrust with such strength, like a beast set wild.*
Chris: Hweh, huff, haauuuuu!
*Single-mindedly, I fucked her.*
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming too... I'm cumming again!
*I grab her sweaty ass and shot my full load deep into her.*
*Spurrrrrt!*
Chris: Kwahah...! I... I am cumming...
*Chris once more reached her peak.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Chris: Y-Yamato? What are you doing with your fingers...?!
Yamato: I'm going to make this place mine too.
*I penetrated her asshole with my cum-soaked digits.*
Chris: Gh... N-No, not there...
*But with my dick inside her, she couldn't run.*
Chris: That is insane. P-Pull your fingers out!
Yamato: I love you...
*I pushed my fingers in deeper and pushed against the sides.*
Chris: Gh... Ah... Ahh.
*While with my other hand, I smeared a mix of semen and love juice over her asshole.*
Yamato: Chris, I want all of you.
Chris: ...A-All right... I understand your feelings well enough.
Yamato: And I can't enter you here unless I do this, now can I?
*With her entrance eased, I pulled out my fingers and readied my dick.*
Chris: Huh? ...E-Enough fooling around.
Yamato: I said I'd make you mine.
*Then I enjoyed the sticky sensation of pushing my glans into her backdoor.*
Chris: Gh... Ugh! Ahh! No, absolutely not there!
*The way her muscles tried to force me out was incredible.*
*But I pushed even harder that those muscles.*
Chris: Gh... I-It hurts... This is impossible... *sniff*
*Having my glans buried in her ass brought even Chris to tears.*
*Her muscles squeezed against me.*
*If I ignored that and kept pushing, I'd break Chris.*
Yamato: All right... I won't do it for real.
*Just the tip felt incredible enough.*
*I could more than cum from this... So.*
Yamato: A semen enema is good enough.
Chris: --Huh?
*I shook my hips, making minute thrusts.*
Chris: Gh?!
*The pressure was incredible and that alone brought me to climax.*
Yamato: I'm cumming in your ass, Chris...
*(*sploodge*)*
Chris: Ahhhhh!
*It was an ejaculation second to none from this night.*
*All of it pouring into her intestines.*
Chris: Y-Your hot stuff, it's... in my butt? Y-Yamato, take it out. Take it out!
Yamato: Not a chance. I have to mark you.
Chris: Ooh, ah, ahhh... I-It is pouring in.
*Chris slumped to the floor.*
*Between her strength failing her and the lubrication from the semen...*
Chris: Gwah, ah! Ah! Ah!
*I could now force my way in to the hilt.*
Chris: Fwaaahh... M-My butt...
Yamato: Gh! I can't believe how tight you are.
*I could feel her muscles force me out on their own.*
Yamato: If this is how it is...
*Then I had to shove it back in.*
Chris: Hgh... S-So deep...! Ah, ah!
*The stimulation was completely different from her vagina.*
Chris: Ah, even my butt? Mnn, ah, hah, ah!
*Her anus squeezed around my hilt.*
Chris: I-I cannot believe... Ah, hah, you are--Mnph!
Yamato: Yup, now you can't marry anyone but me.
*I poked my tip against her intestinal wall.*
Chris: Mnaaahhhhh...
Yamato: But don't worry... I'll take good care of you forever.
Yamato: I love you, Chris.
*I moved my hips and continued to fuck her ass.*
Chris: Fwah... I-I love you too...
Chris: Ahh, ah... I love you, Yamato...
*Those words made me lose control.*
*My thrusts into her beautiful ass naturally accelerated.*
Yamato: Chris... Mm, Chris.
Chris: Ahh, Yamato... Yamato...
Yamato: Kh, huff... I'm cumming... Chris!
*I shoved it in as deep as I could and ejaculated.*
Chris: Mnkh... Mn, ah, ah, ahhhhhhh!
*I held her curvy body still.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Chris: Ah... I-It is coming inside me...
*Her ass convulsed from the sensation of being ejaculated in so deeply.*
Chris: Your cum... is filling my insides...
*Her normally regal gaze had melted into ecstasy.*
*I had poured all of my seed into her.*
Yamato: I'm pulling out.
Chris: Mm... Fwah.
*The instant I pulled out, she let off a bewitchingly sexy moan.*
Chris: Huff... Ah.
*And with the touch of me gone, she collapsed in exhaustion.*
Chris: Y-Yamato... Yama... to...
Yamato: I'll never let you go, Chris. Stay with me forever.
*I held her incredibly tightly.*
Chris: ...Yamato...
*And Chris hugged me back.*
*Rubbing her cheeks against my chest.*
Yamato: Chris... (I patted her head.)
*I loved even her childishness.*
*I'd risked my life for this, but right now, it felt like it was worth it.*
Yamato: And so it looks like my Johnny's ready again.
Chris: What...?
Yamato: Time for another go!
*I had told Chris there was no one else in the dorm, but that was nothing more than a lie to set the mood.*
*There was one person sleeping in her room.*
Yukie: ...Do you suppose they've finished?
Matsukaze: I ain't got a clue... But they've been goin' at it for ages.
Yukie: I was so surprised to hear Chris-san cry out from her room next door...
Yukie: I never imagined Yamato-san would sneak into her room!
Matsukaze: Those kinda cries are ones you can only hear at night.
Matsukaze: No way my innocent Mayucchi's stayin' in her room with moans like that echoing through the house.
Yukie: I think the two were using the bath.
Yukie: We should try going back. I will wring up my courage like water from a rag!
Matsukaze: You better do it sneaky style, just in case. You don't wanna be gettin' in their way.
Yukie: You're right... It would be a disaster if, in the height of their passion, Yamato-san noticed me and then reached his peak...: Break!
Matsukaze: 'Kay, I don't sense nothin'. You've masked your aura completely.
Yukie: We're on the second floor, but it's so quiet.
Matsukaze: Yeah, and Chris's door's a little open.
Matsukaze: Go check in on 'em. You're good at doin' that kind of thing, right?
Yukie: Wouldn't that be peeping?!
Matsukaze: Yeah, but you don't wanna be caught flat-footed if somethin' happened. If Chris ran Yamato through with her rapier, you wouldn't be able to sleep at night.
Yukie: Well, if you insist... (She peered through the crack.)
Chris: *smack*... *smack*... *lick, slurp*
Yamato: You're really good at this, Chris. Whenever I cum, I want you to clean me off just like that.
Yamato: This time, I'm going to cum on your face. There.
Chris: Mm... Ah! Ah... Ah.
Yamato: And on your pretty good hair... Mnn...
Yamato: Suck out the remaining cum and swallow it.
Chris: Hamph... *slurp*... *smack, gulp*
Yamato: Mn. Good girl. (I patted her head.)
Yukie: --Huff, huff, huff. What a surprise!
Matsukaze: Yamato's somethin' else. He's hung like a horse.
Yukie: I cannot believe he made someone as strong-willed as Chris-san act so obediently...
Yukie: D-Does it feel that good...?
Matsukaze: That's too much stimulation for a virgin like my Mayucchi.
Yukie: After hearing what I heard, seeing what I saw...
Yukie: I feel so funny... Ahh, I'm such a dirty girl.
Matsukaze: Tell me the place, Mayucchi. Down here?
Yukie: Ah, you mustn't, Matsukaze...
*--The secret base, 4:10 a.m.*
Takuya: Do you think Yamato's all right?
Gakuto: Hmm. I hope he didn't get beat up.
Takuya: I got a text! It's from Yamato!
Gakuto: And so have I! We have his Battle Report!
Takuya: Subject: Plan's a rebounding success Text: Chris is currently sleeping in my arms.
Gakuto: Whoaaaa! That son of a gun did it!
Takuya: Amazing... He did it, and literally did her.
Gakuto: Well, if we think about this calmly, what's next is the hard part.
Takuya: I hope they keep at it... But still.
Gakuto: Man, wh-what do you think she was like?
Takuya: ...Meanwhile, here I am alone with another man...
Gakuto: What's wrong with that?! Right now, we need to celebrate our friend's success!
Gakuto: And the dawn's about to break too!
Takuya: Ah! Yamato's cup broke all on its own?!
Takuya: ...I hope that's not a bad sign.
*--Around noon.*
Chris: Good morning, Mayucchi.
Yamato: Yo, Mayucchi.
Yukie: G-Good morning to you as well...
Yukie: Y-You are full of energy.
Yamato: We made love a lot, slept a lot, and ate a lot.
Yamato: So it's like, we're at full charge.
Chris: Do not be so vulgar. *Kick!*
Yamato: Gfh!
*Outside of bed (err, futon), she was no different.*
Chris: ...Goodness, you go to such absurd lengths.
Chris: Were I to tell my father, he would disappear you for sure.
Yamato: I knew the risks. If this made me a criminal, then so be it.
Chris: ...I had thought your mind more flexible.
Chris: Did you not say you were a good boy who follows the rules?
Yamato: Usually, yes, I'm as flexible as an invertebrate. Sucking up is practically second nature.
Yamato: ...But when it really counts, I won't back down!
Yamato: I'll get my hands dirty to stand for what I believe is right.
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: That's why I got dirty with you last night--Ugh! (She'd kicked me.)
Chris: What you believe is right...?
Chris: I... I thought justice would lie with following my Father.
Chris: Yet in truth, I still cannot accept this sudden demand to return home.
Chris: Though I tried to force myself to act as if I did...
Chris: I want for myself the courage your father instilled in you, the strength to call out what is wrong.
Yamato: I gave you a pretty big shot of liquid courage back in bed--Agh!
Chris: Last night told me how you feel... Painfully well, perhaps.
Chris: And I want to be with you too, Yamato...
Yamato: Chris...
*We kissed.*
Chris: Mm... So.
Chris: Today, I am going to talk to Father once more!
Yamato: Wow, you're fired up!
*She seemed so much bigger in my eyes.*
Chris: ...If possible, umm...
Chris: I would feel more courageous if you were there with me.
*...And there went that.*
Yamato: ...All right. It's as much about me as it is you, so I'll show up.
Chris: Thank you!
Yamato: ...Which means I should probably go about finding a bodyguard again.
Chris: Good. Let us go!
Chris: ...Ugh... Tensing up causes some pain in my butt...
Yamato: What's wrong? Are you sick?
Chris: You know exactly what you did!
Yamato:  Gaaahhhhh!
Yamato: Ugh. So during the day, you're the same as ever...
*And yet she'd been so obedient in the bedroom.*
Chris: Sheesh... You are an idiot. *kiss*
Yamato: Mmn... Mm!
*Her passionate kiss told me all of how she felt.*
*Now, to face her father.*
*.........*
*The two squared off on the Great Tama Bridge...*
Chris's Father: What is going on, Chris? I had been told you chose to return to Germany.
Chris's Father: I have already submitted your letter of withdrawal to the school.
Chris's Father: As did I Margit's.
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: Haha. After all, a soldier's pride is always his efficiency.
Chris's Father: So I must ask why Yamato-kun is here.
Yamato: First, please listen to what Chris has to say.
Margit: (I cannot see her, but I can sense Kawakami Momoyo's aggression.)
Margit: (It must be a message demanding I stay away from Yamato.)
Margit: (Still, I never would have expected the Goddess of War to care so much for her little brother.)
Margit: (Well, I suppose it is akin to my love for Frau Chris.)
Margit: (Lieutenant General, as I feared, we cannot win by force.)
Chris's Father: (Understood.)
Chris's Father: Then Chris, what do you have to say?
Chris: ...I respect and love you from the bottom of my heart.
Chris: Hence, I thought I would follow any order you gave.
Chris: Which is why I agreed to return to Germany.
Chris's Father: Good. You are the best daughter I could ask for.
Chris: However...
Chris: I do not want to return to Germany before April.
Chris's Father: Even though you once accepted that?
Chris: I did so, but I did not give my consent willingly.
Chris: The question became, is that ultimately justice?
Chris: I do believe you seek my happiness.
Chris's Father: Of course I do.
Chris: Then... Please let me stay with my friends... And with Yamato.
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun... Did you drive her to this madness?
Chris's Father: I would strongly prefer if you did not mislead my daughter.
Yamato: I gave her my opinion.
Yamato: But this was Chris's choice.
Chris: ...Yes! This is what I have decided.
Chris: If something forced us away from Japan, then so be it. But you want to leave because you dislike Japan? Or because you do not want me with Yamato...
Chris: That I cannot accept.
Chris: Therefore...
Chris's Father: I am certain it is fun playing with your friends.
Chris's Father: But what benefit is there to staying here with them? You have no lack of friends in Germany.
Chris: There is plenty!
Chris: ...The friends I have here have care about who I am. They do let decorum hold them back.
Chris: I have learned so much in these few short months.
Chris: Though there have been bitter memories, what I have gained is infinite.
Chris's Father: Then let us say you stay until March. Then what?
Chris's Father: You would have to return to Germany all the same.
Chris: That is what we agreed to, so I will abide by that.
Chris: But please, let me have until then.
Chris: Despite my opinions here, my respect for you remains unchanged.
Chris's Father: Would that mean your relationship with Yamato-kun also ends in March?
Chris: That question will have to wait until then.
Chris: But I will return to Germany as you ask.
Yamato: (March gives me more than enough time to lay out some plans.)
Chris's Father: Mmm...
Chris's Father: I see... I understand your position.
Chris's Father: But I am sorry to say, Chris...
Chris's Father: That the matter is already settled.
Chris's Father: Furthermore, since you seek to become a soldier...
Chris's Father: You must obey the orders of your commander.
Yamato: With all due respect, if I could say--
Chris's Father: Not a word!
*The air shook with the force of his anger.*
*But I couldn't back down. Not now.*
Yamato: It is of course proper for a soldier to blindly obey even the most nonsensical of orders.
Yamato: But a soldier who seeks to be an officer must also have the strength to question those orders.
Chris's Father: Not many stand tall in the face of my rage... So, what benefit is there to you from earning my wrath?
Yamato: I do want to get along with you, if at all possible.
Yamato: Also... You keep talking soldier to soldier, but...
Yamato: She is not your soldier. She is your daughter.
Chris's Father: All the more reason she should listen to me.
Chris: ...?
Chris's Father: Think about it. I've already submitted her letter of withdrawal.
Chris's Father: In other words, Chris no longer has a place at Kawakami Academy.
Chris's Father: Her only choice is to follow my orders and return to Germany.
Chris's Father: She is still a young girl, practically a child, who still needs to learn even the basics housework.
Chris's Father: How can she hope to accomplish anything without me, her father, around?
Chris: Withdraw that letter, please.
Chris: Even if you go home without me, I can do my best by myself.
Yamato: I promise I'll take responsibility and protect her!
Chris's Father: What...?!
Chris's Father: So you are asking for my daughter's hand? Is that how this is, Yamato-kun?
Yamato: You're jumping to conclusions!
Yamato: But I am prepared even for that.
Yamato: After all, I love Chris.
Chris: ...And I love Yamato, Father.
Chris's Father: Chris...
Chris: We beg of you, Father...
Chris's Father: ...I see...
Chris's Father: Chris, Yamato-kun, I truly do understand how you feel... Oh, you are so young. Heheheh.
Chris: Father!
Chris's Father: So I give you these words...
Chris's Father: Don't be ridiculous! Do you think this is a joke?!
Yamato: What...?!
Chris: Father...
Chris's Father: Do you expect that I would just stand by and watch my daughter, who I loved and raised like a princess, be stolen away by some kid?
Chris's Father: I can not allow it!
Chris's Father: I, Frank Friedrich, have put my foot down!
Yamato: Are you thinking of her, or your own ego?!
Chris's Father: Sure, call it ego, but this is the way of our family.
Chris: Father... The man I love is not just 'some kid'...
Chris's Father: I will help you find someone to marry. A man actually worthy of your affection.
Chris: What...?!
Chris's Father: Return home with me.
Chris: I cannot!!!
Chris's Father: You what?!
Chris: I cannot respect you, not when you are acting like this!
Chris's Father: Gaffh!
Margit: L-Lieutenant General?!
Chris's Father: S-So... My daughter's reached a rebellious age.
Chris's Father: Margit, you speak to her.
Margit: Frau Chris, in deference to your father's posi--
Chris: Mar-san, be quiet!
Margit: But Frau Chris--
Chris: *glare*
Margit: A-As you wish... (She looked saddened.)
Chris's Father: Chris... I do not intend to yield. You have no choice but to return home.
Chris's Father: Even if you cannot accept this now, please come with me. We can talk more in Germany.
Yamato: (If she does, it's all over... He'll cajole her into agreeing with him.)
Chris: There is... one other choice.
Chris's Father: And what would that be?
Chris: I stay here and live with Yamato.
Chris's Father: What sort of nonsense is that?!
Chris's Father: Think of what people would say -- the shame that would bring!
Chris: Let them, for I am not ashamed of the truth.
Yamato: (Oh no, you didn't just...)
*I hit the speed dial button for Nee-san's number, then immediately hung up.*
Chris's Father: What...? You... the truth?
Chris: *blush*
Chris's Father: Then... No, it can't be.
Yamato: I did say I'd take responsibility.
Chris's Father:  You bastard!!!
*He reached unflinchingly for his gun and shot.*
Momoyo: That's a pretty crazy thing to do, even if you were just aiming for his leg.
*Nee-san had flown in and caught the bullet.*
Margit: Lieutenant General! You must remain calm!
Chris's Father: How do you expect me to be calm?!
Margit: As you fired, Frau Chris positioned herself in front of the bullet without hesitation to save Yamato.
Chris's Father: ...Ugh!
Margit: Had Momoyo not stopped it, the bullet may have struck Frau Chris.
Momoyo: It's Kuri we're talking about. She dodged it.
Chris's Father: Wh-What have I done...?
Margit: And Lieutenant General, someone may have heard the gunshot!
Chris's Father: ...Yes... You are right. I will calm down.
Chris's Father: ......
Chris's Father: All right, Chris.
Chris's Father: You may live with that man until the end of March.
Chris: Father...
Chris's Father: However, I will not rescind the letter of withdrawal.
Chris's Father: Nor will I grant you any assistance.
Chris's Father: If you think you can live that life, then prove it.
Chris: ...I will!
Chris's Father: Be sure to call me once you've had a taste of reality.
*We heard the wail of police sirens in the distance.*
Chris's Father: Margit, we shall withdraw.
Margit: Yes, sir!
Margit: ...Take care of Frau Chris.
Yamato: Leave her to me. You worry about smoothing over everything from that gunshot.
*She, and a number of other soldiers, beat out an experienced retreat.*
Yamato: Whoa, hey, just how many soldiers did he bring?
Momoyo: Oh, stop worrying. Nothing I couldn't have handled.
Chris: ...Father must think I will soon give up.
Chris: But no! I will not stand for things to go his way!
Chris: I shall do all that I can, so one day Father approves of us!
Yamato: Hey, we need to make ourselves scarce.
Momoyo: Yeah, explaining all this is more trouble than it's worth.
Chris: But the nearby residents must have been unnerved by the gunshot. We must explain.
Yamato: I asked Margit to take care of it. We should go.
Momoyo: Hold on, you two. But it's going to cost you.
Yamato: You never do miss an opportunity...
Momoyo: ...Well, with all the trouble you two have in store, I'll let this one be on the house.
Momoyo: Haah!
*She threw an arm around each of us as we held her and rocketed off.*
Yamato: Wow, a night flight.
Momoyo: This isn't flying. This is jumping, with style.
Momoyo: We'll be on the ground in no time. Hold on tight.
Yamato: (Ah! Her breasts are pushing against my face!)
*And they were overwhelmingly huge.*
Chris: ...What are you smirking for?
Yamato: I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
Momoyo: ...You two sure this is a good idea?
*But in the end, we successfully escaped to our Secret Base.*
*.........*
Chris's Father: Margit, you have my thanks. I have calmed down.
Margit: I have never seen you so consumed with rage.
Chris's Father: Anger comes to me too... I should have never given my daughter so much freedom.
Chris's Father: Once she returns to Germany, I will have to be always by her side.
Chris's Father: Have several of the Huntresses remain in Japan.
Chris's Father: After all, she won't last long. Have her brought to Germany as soon as she gives up.
Margit: Roger that.
Chris's Father: Chris... This is another lesson for you.
Chris's Father: You will learn the harshness of the world... And the depth of my love.
*We had an early-morning emergency meeting.*
Yamato: ...So that's our current situation.
Miyako: Huh, that's pretty incredible.
Miyako: So, since Chris isn't a student anymore, she won't be able to stay at the dorm. Now what?
Yamato: I think we need to start by establishing a clear victory condition.
Yamato: Namely, in the end...
Yamato: We want Chris's father to accept our relationship.
Chris: I cannot accept what he is doing, but the truth is that I still admire him.
Chris: I could never break all ties with him.
Miyako: Actually, can you even legally stay in Japan?
Chris: There is no problem there, since my stay was originally to be for a year.
Miyako: I see. Then what exactly are you going to do?
Momoyo: One possibility's for Kuri to enter the Kawakami Temple.
Momoyo: She'd live together with the other resident trainee monks.
Momoyo: Help out with the major annual events, and you won't need any money.
Momoyo: You'll get all the clothes, food, and shelter you need. Plus, you can move in immediately and start training to become an even better fighter.
Momoyo: But it's a busy life. You won't have much time for each other.
Momoyo: You'd be forbidden from leaving the temple on weekdays. Every day you either help or train.
Chris: ...I see. That is an option.
Chris: Thank you for the offer, but...
Chris: I want to spend as much time with Yamato as possible.
Chris: That is the most important thing to me.
Yamato: When you put it like that, how can I say no?
Gakuto: Then where will you live? You can't live in Yamato's room, not under the dorm rules.
Miyako: And moving into the secret base doesn't seem like a good idea.
Yamato: I know. We can't move into this abandoned building.
Yamato: We'd have to rent a room somewhere.
Gakuto: Wait, can we even do that?
Yamato: Hey, hold up. The will of the universe declared we're all at least 18 here.
Gakuto: You're takin' advantage of that? Nice.
Yamato: We just need the money.
Gakuto: And where will you find that?!
Shouichi: I got me that Matsukaze fund. Do you want me to send the horse racing winnings your way?
Yamato: Thanks for the offer, but we won't rely on that.
Yamato: Between my savings and my rainy-day fund, I should be able to manage the security deposit and the first month of rent.
Takuya: I see, all right... Huh? But then...
Takuya: How are you going to pay your monthly living expenses? Through part-time jobs?
Yamato: That wouldn't work. We'd need more money than we can make while going to school.
Yamato: So we talked this over last night...
Yamato: And we figure we can make ends meet if I drop out too.
Miyako: You're going to drop out? This can't be happening...
Miyako: You're usually so calm and composed -- this isn't like you. You absolutely need to stay in school.
Yamato: If I want to make my childhood dream come true, then sure I need to go through school...
Yamato: But my dream today is to live in happiness with Chris. Schooling doesn't play into that.
Miyako: But living in happiness requires money, and money requires an education.
Yamato: The way I see it is, you're right, if I want to be rich.
Yamato: But if all I want is enough money to live happily as a family, then I don't think I need to prioritize my education that highly.
Miyako: You're taking the world too lightly. We're in a recession too.
Yamato: Between my passion, determination, and ability, I think I can do decently well. And decently well is good enough.
Yamato: All I want is to enjoy life with Chris.
Takuya: ...Let's say you have kids.
Takuya: Once you factor in the costs of that, 'decently well' won't be nearly enough. You won't be able to live in happiness.
Yamato: When that time comes, I'm sure I'll be able to make a bit more.
Miyako: But there's no basis to that logic. It's just a pipe dream.
Yamato: Ideally...
Yamato: Chris's father will approve of us, and he spoils her.
Yamato: With all the money and power he has, he'll help us out.
Miyako: That's too naive!
Yamato: I told you I was being idealistic. The base plan is for the two of us to manage on our own.
Yukie: You say you'll drop out so simply, but Yamato, your parents won't accept that.
Yamato: I called them yesterday and got their permission. They said to do whatever I want.
Matsukaze: Whoa, ain't nobody supposed to be that flexible!
Yamato: I mean, my mom used to lead a gang and all.
Yamato: My father went to pretty extreme lengths to make her his, so I guess they understand where I'm coming from.
Yamato: Or at least, they can't object to my actions, given what they themselves did.
Yamato: ...Though they are cutting off any and all money. Well, I knew I couldn't rely on that anyways.
Gakuto: So it sounds like you've made up your mind.
Miyako: Your plan isn't good enough. Do you have a job lined up? Again, it's a recession.
Yamato: That's taken care of too. I know a place that told me before that they're short on hands. They even gave me an offer at the time.
Miyako: Where?
Yamato: The Usami Agency.
Kazuko: Oh, Ta-chan's place.
Miyako: An offer? Do you really think they meant it?
Yamato: Last night, I called up Mr. Beard... No, I guess he's Mr. Usami to me now.
Yamato: Anyways, he said he's serious.
Miyako: You've even made sure of that... You're dead set on living together, aren't you?
Momoyo: Then I'll introduce Kuri to my boss at my job.
Momoyo: It's physical work, simple and easy. The pay's good, but they make you work for it.
Chris: I could not ask for more. It will also assist with my training.
Momoyo: Yeah, I know you can handle it.
Chris: Thank goodness I brought plenty of clothes for all seasons.
Kazuko: Yeah, clothes are super expensive.
Gakuto: Well, you won't be able to rent someplace too high-end...
Gakuto: So your clothes will probably put your room to shame, hahah.
Shouichi: I'm gonna miss seeing you around school.
Yamato: Says the guy who regularly skips classes.
Shouichi: But you'll still be showing your faces at the Friday Meeting, right?
Yamato: Of course.
Shouichi: Mmm. Then where I'm at is that I wanna cheer you two on.
Yukie: I'll support you too!
Yukie: Chris-san, you'll have to learn how to cook. I'll teach you.
Chris: Thank you, Mayucchi.
Kazuko: Good luck!
Momoyo: Now just don't disappoint us and immediately cry Uncle.
Miyako: ...I'll support you, but...
Miyako: (She'll live together with Yamato... Which means every night, they'll...)
Miyako: (I'm so jealous...!)
Gakuto: Oh yeah, Yamato-kun, can you come over here?
Yamato: What is it?
Gakuto: So it's like, half the reason you're goin' this route is for the fun you'll have at night, right?
Yamato: Damn straight!
Yamato: (As strong-willed as Chris is, she's so sensual and lewd.)
Yamato: We don't plan on missing a night!
Takuya: I'm amazed you can focus on that with all the problems you face.
Yamato: If we worry our hearts out, we'll never last.
Yamato: We're heading towards our happy future, after all.
Takuya: But still... You do have a real plan, right?
Takuya: Something to make everything go well.
Yamato: I'll play every card I have before I drop out.
Takuya: ...Okay.
*.........*
*--Kawakami Academy.*
Yamato: So I'm dropping out along with Chris.
Tesshin: You're so young... It would normally be my place to try to stop you, but...
Tesshin: I can see you're past convincing. Do as you'd like.
Yamato: Thank you, sir.
Tesshin: Your parents also consented, so there's nothing left for me to say.
Umeko: If you say so, Principal, then I'll fall in line.
Umeko: Though it will be a shame to lose you both...
*Though it frustrated them, the teachers accepted our decision.*
*We were old enough that school wasn't mandatory, so they must have given heavy weight to our independence.*
Ikurou: Hey, hey, hey. First Chris and Margit dropped out, and now Yamato too?!
Mitsuru: I can only imagine what must have happened over the summer.
Chika: But I'm glad you were still able to come today, Chris.
Chris: I was given another two days to tie up any loose ends here.
Yamato: I'll be leaving at the same time.
Mayo: W-We have to throw a farewell party!
Yamato: Thank you, Class Rep, but there's no need.
Yamato: Who knows -- we might meet again.
Haguro: But, oh my gosh, Naoe! I so didn't think you were stupid enough to throw your life away for a chick! Gahahaha!
Haguro: Damn, that makes you totally my type! You treat Chris right!
Chika: I'm worried about you, but it also sounds so romantic.
Ikurou: Heck, I still can't believe you're the one who won Chris's heart.
Yamato: Jealous?
Ikurou: Nah, I've awoken to a new path.
Suguru: An impressive feat, given she had the military behind her.
Yamato: ...Hey.
Koyuki: Au?
Yamato: See ya.
Koyuki: Huh?
*Sakakibara Koyuki still spent her days in 2-F completely spaced out.*
*--At the Shimazu Dorm.*
Mrs. Shimazu: My, so that's how it's going to be?
Mrs. Shimazu: Well, if there's one thing to say...
Mrs. Shimazu: You're being hilariously reckless. Especially when you had clear paths as students ahead of you.
Mrs. Shimazu: I just can't understand what's going on your heart.
*Mrs. Shimazu then turned to leave.*
Mrs. Shimazu: What's wrong? Come along, Chris-chan. It's housework bootcamp time.
Chris: Huh?
Mrs. Shimazu: I'm at least going to teach you the basics.
Mrs. Shimazu: And until I have, you're going to be training here with me.
Chris: Mrs. Shimazu...
Yamato: Thank you so much!
*This meant she wouldn't be immediately booting us out of the dorm. That was a lifesaver.*
Mrs. Shimazu: But I'm not a saint. I'm drawing a hard line.
Mrs. Shimazu: You can stay here through the end of next week in the name of tying up lose ends, so start finding yourselves a new place to live.
Yamato: That's more saintly than I could've hoped. You're a truly beautiful woman.
Yamato: Then I'll start trying to find an apartment, so Chris, you focus on housework.
Chris: Understood.
Yamato: And I can't wait to work with you, Gen-san... Or should I say, Senpai?
Tadakatsu: Dammit all... I seriously gotta work with you now?
Tadakatsu: Lemme make one thing clear: I ain't treating you like a fuckin' friend in there.
Yamato: That's fine. I'm going to work my hardest.
Tadakatsu: ...Well, you oughta be able to handle it... Least, I hope so.
Yukie: Yamato-san, Chris-san... Will they be all right?
Shouichi: You'd better believe it!
Matsukaze: H-How do'ya go thinkin' that?
Shouichi: Things like this, they always work out.
Shouichi: Just take a look at their faces.
Shouichi: You think those're the looks of people walking off into a dark future?
Yukie: ...I suppose no, they are not.
Shouichi: Good luck out there, Yamato. This here's your adventure.
Yamato: Whew...
Touma: Yamato-kun, I see you have been circling all about the school.
Yamato: I have so many goodbyes, since today's my last day.
Touma: Do you not have one for me as well? I believe a hug would even be in order.
Yamato: Thanks for everything, bye.
Touma: It was a jest, I assure you. But there was something I dearly wished to speak to you of.
Yamato: What? Is it about Sakakibara Koyuki?
Touma: Given your impending withdrawal, I hardly see the point.
Touma: Furthermore, Jun is making excellent progress towards that end.
Touma: I believe we will have her back in our embrace before the semester is out.
Yamato: Well, that's good to hear.
Touma: I have heard people speak of your circumstances, of the man who is dropping out of school to live with a girl.
Touma: I daresay you are the talk of the school.
Yamato: Apparently there's some pair like us every couple of years.
Touma: And the teachers had nothing to say?
Yamato: Just some whispers from the principal about making sure to use contraception.
Touma: Heheh. Well, I suppose that would be the case.
Yamato: And, yeah, I'm planning on it whenever it's not one of her safe days.
Touma: So how is your girlfriend? Cold? Lustful? Or more average?
Yamato: She's pretty lust--Hey! What are you making me say, you jerk?!
Touma: Lustful... But isn't that a most wonderful thing?
Touma: Were she indifferent to the act at our age, I fear that would speak ill for you.
Yamato: I really don't want to be having this conversation right now.
Touma: You live for love, Yamato-kun. I truly do wish to offer you my support in this endeavor.
Yamato: Huh?
Touma: Your choices even bring me jealousy.
Touma: Would you be willing, perhaps, to exchange phone numbers?
Touma: Should you meet any trouble, please do not hesitate to call.
Touma: And even should you not, I would appreciate opportunities to spend time with you.
*I gave Aoi Touma...*
My phone number
Nothing
Yamato: All right. Let me give it to you.
Touma: Yamato-kun's number... Oh, but how should I categorize it?
Yamato: Why do you always have to give me the creeps...?
Yamato: I appreciate the offer, but...
Touma: I see... I get it.
*I'd drawn a look of surprise from him.*
*I parted ways with Touma and met up with Gen-san.*
Tadakatsu: This building's apartments are cheap, but they got everythin' you need.
Yamato: I can see why it's cheap.
*I looked around.*
Tadakatsu: I ain't gonna lie. This neighborhood ain't safe.
Tadakatsu: A place like this would normally be fuckin' insane, but a girl like Chris oughta be able to protect herself.
Tadakatsu: And as bad as it is, so long as you don't go wanderin' at night, it ain't the worst.
Tadakatsu: But the last and biggest reason's that this here's part of the Usami Agency's turf.
Tadakatsu: They're grumpy ass bastards, but get to know 'em and they're have your back.
Yamato: The more I hear, the better this place sounds for people in our position.
Tadakatsu: So, wanna take a look inside?
*--After dinner, in Yamato's room.*
Yamato: I looked inside, and...
Yamato: It's good. Cramped, but tidy.
Chris: Then I will go tomorrow to inspect it as well.
Yamato: Mm. There's a few other places, but that's the top candidate.
Chris: I do not mind if it does not look the safest. I will restore justice myself if I must.
Yamato: That's good to hear...
Chris: ......
Yamato: What is it?
Chris: I am sorry for all that I have put you through.
Yamato: No, it's nothing! How's it going with you? Learning a lot?
Chris: It is going well. She is even teaching me how to get along with neighbors.
Yamato: She really is a master at her craft.
Chris: It is another lesson to me of how world-unwise I am.
Yamato: Isn't it a little late to start--Gfh!
Yamato: You've been really merciless with those kicks recently...
Chris: You are so used to speedy attacks that any mercy would give you time to dodge.
Yamato: Wow, you figured that out?
Chris: ...Today was the last day of school.
Yamato: ...Yeah, though it hasn't really hit home yet.
Chris: This will be our last time wearing these uniforms...
*I seriously doubted that, but...*
Yamato: Is that why you haven't taken it off?
Chris: I am a bit reluctant to, yes.
Yamato: ...Are you worried?
Chris: ...A little...: Ah!
*I embraced Chris tightly.*
Yamato: Leave everything to me.
Chris: ...Yamato... Mmm. *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*
Chris: Yamato, you are so manly. *kiss, lick*
Yamato: Yeah, so let's have some fun. *kiss*
*While we hugged and kissed, more and more energy filled my nethers.*
Chris: *kiss*... Hamph, amph... Mnn!
*Until it prodded erect against her body.*
Chris: Mn... *lick, kiss*...?!
*She must have noticed.*
Yamato: I'm manly in more ways than one.
Chris: There are some things that are better unsaid!
Chris: Yamato... Mmmm!
Chris: Pwah... Yamato, sit down as you are.
*After that intense kiss, Chris squatted herself down.*
Yamato: Wow...
*Then caressed my dick through my pants.*
*Naturally, it got even harder.*
Chris: Mm...
*Chris pulled down my zipper.*
*As if proactively rewarding her, I patted her head kindly.*
*Her smile touched her eyes at that as she finished pulling off my pants.*
*Letting my penis spring into action.*
Chris: Wow...
Chris: ...It is always so... Big.
Yamato: No need to be so reserved. It knows you by now.
*I said as I brought it closer to her blushing cheeks.*
Chris: *sniff, sniff*. The smell alone... is making me faint.
Yamato: Working as hard as I have in this heat's probably made it even smellier.
*Chris squeezed my dick in her hand.*
Chris: Would it not be easier on you, to be able to lie down?
Yamato: Nah, this is good. I want to watch.
Chris: Ugh...
Chris: Then, well, I-I will use my mouth to...
Chris: To give you pleasure.
*Chris gazed into my eyes.*
Yamato: Do it, Chris.
*She stuck her moist tongue out from between her lips and stroked it up my rod.*
Chris: *lick*...*smack*... *smack*
Chris: Mm... Fweh... It is so hot...
Chris: *smack, smack*... *smack, smack*...
Yamato: Chris, I said you don't have to be so reserved.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure you were more aggressive than this the first time we did it.
Chris: Ooh...
*Her face turned red.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick*... *lick, lick*... *kiss*...
Yamato: Mn, yes, yes, like that.
*The pleasure of her warm tongue sliding along me was so...*
Chris: L-Like this...? *lick* *lick* *lick*
*Her tongue moistened my glans.*
Yamato: Yes, this feels so good...
Chris: All right... *lick*... *smack*... Ugh.
Chris: Y-You really are staring at me.
Yamato: How could I miss this view? Continue.
Chris: *lick, lick, lick, lick*
*When her tongue started poking around my urethra, my hips jerked.*
Yamato: That reaction just now means that felt good.
Yamato: I want you to learn everything that gives me pleasure.
Chris: I will... *lick, lick*... *smack*... Haweh... *lick*
*She persistently pushed her tongue against the parts that swell out.*
Chris: *kiss, lick, smack* mn... *lick, lick, lick*
*Then she stretched her tongue to the parts that bend inwards.*
Chris: Mm... Mm... *smack*... Mn... *lick, lick* it is getting even harder... *lick*
*She ran her tongue up and down my shaft.*
Yamato: It's like I'm sucking on your saliva.
Chris: R-Really? Then... Dirty as this is...
Chris: Mm... *slurp*...
*She let saliva drool from her mouth.*
*Poured the liquid onto my penis.*
Chris: Mm... *smack, smack*... Mnpah...
*Let all of the saliva that had built up in her mouth dribble out.*
Chris: Mm... *slurp*... Mn... *lick*... Mmwah.
*Then passionately used her tongue to smear it over my cock.*
Chris: Hm... You are right. And sucking on it has made it even bigger.
Yamato: Yeah... (Though that's more because you look so damn sexy doing that.)
*She'd soaked my rod in her saliva.*
Yamato: Try moving your hands.
Chris: L-Like this? (She slid it along my dick.)
Yamato: Mn, not so hard!
Chris: Oh, apologies...
Yamato: Don't let that get you down.
Yamato: Just try to be a little more gentle, please.
Chris: Like this?
Yamato: Yeah, that's good...
*Her moist saliva had left my rod nice and slippery.*
Yamato: This is how men jack off. How they masturbate.
Chris: I-I see...
Yamato: Chris, have you ever masturbated?
Chris: No...
Yamato: (Wow. And think of what I did to her...)
*But I didn't feel any regret -- I just wanted her more.*
Yamato: Chris, this is incredible, but there's one place you still haven't licked.
Chris: Huh? Wh-Where...?
Yamato: My ballsack. It can vary by person, but it usually makes a man feel good.
Chris: I-I did not know... But in that case... *lick*
Yamato: Mm, that's where all the sperm you get comes from. Kh, it's very important.
Chris: *kiss* *lick* *smack* *peck*... *lick*
*Those words made her caresses even more passionate. She all but laid her tongue on my balls and drew her tongue along them.*
*The persistent lickings coated them in saliva too.*
Chris: Tell me if it hurts. Hamph... *smack, smack*...
Chris: *smack*... *kiss, lick, kisssss*
*She took my balls in her mouth and zealously sucked them.*
Yamato: Whoa, this feels great. Chris, yes.
Chris: Mnpwah... I see, good... I will not forget.
Yamato: Look. All the pleasure is making me wet.
*Precum welled from the tip.*
Chris: ...Mm. This time, I will put this in my mouth... Amph.
Chris: ...Mm... Ah, mm... Mn... *kiss* Pwah... *slurp*
Yamato: Mm, it's so nice and warm.
Chris: *smack* *lick* Mnwah! Do you have any requests?
Yamato: For starters, how about you keep your hands moving while you talk.
Chris: Mn, yes... Eigh!
Yamato: Also, maybe you should try clamping down a bit with your lips.
Yamato: I'm not trying to ask the impossible. Just act like you're tasting something.
Chris: All right. Hamph... *smack*...
*Again my dick entered the well of saliva that was her mouth.*
Chris: ...*smack* *slurp* *kiss*... *slurp*... *peck*
*When I gently combed my fingers through her soft, blond tresses...*
Chris: Mn, amph... Mn... *slurp* *smack*... *kiss*... *peck* *kiss*
*Her tongue grew more bold. She pressed it against my dick, then pushed like an eraser pushing against pencil lead.*
Chris: Hah, mnn... *lick*... *smack* mn, ooh... *slurp*...
Chris: *slurp, smack, lick, kiss*... *smack* hamph...
*My whole glans was her tongue's plaything.*
Chris: Mm... *lick* pwah... Huff, Yamato, you taste so...
Yamato: Like what?
Chris: Hmm... A bit salty.
Yamato: Suck and taste some more.
Chris: I will... Hamph...
Yamato: A bit deeper... Yes...
Chris: Mnn... Mmm...
*Chris gulped it into her mouth.*
Chris: *kiss*... Mn, kh... *slurp*... *kiss* mnfh...
Chris: Ah, mmm... Mnkh... *lick*... *slurp, slurp*... Mn, ah... *slurrrrp*...
Yamato: That sucking feels great, Chris.
Chris: *kiss*... *kiss, kiss*... *gulp*
Yamato: Hm, kh... You're sucking so hard... Mm.
Chris: Mn... *slurp, slurp, gulp* mnkh... Pwah, ahmph... Mnn... *kiss, kiss, mnkh*... *gulp*
Chris: ...Pwah, amazing. No matter how much I swallow, there is always more.
Yamato: That's because you're doing it so well and with so much love.
Yamato: Keep on tasting it.
Chris: Mmm... Hamph... *slurp*... *gulp*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss*... *smack*
Chris: ...*slurp, slurp*... Mnn... Pwah... Yamato.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: ...Well...
Chris: I-I think that I would also like to...
*She fidgeted her hips.*
Yamato: Giving me head turns you on? That's so cute.
Yamato: But I'm sorry, Chris.
Chris: Huh...?
Yamato: Do I look satisfied to you?
Yamato: When it's my turn, I'll be sure to give you all the pleasure you crave...
Yamato: So you have to keep going until I tell you to stop.
Chris: Then I have tried to stop with my job unfinished...
Chris: I see. Hamph... Mn.
Chris: *smack, smack*... Mn, ah... *smack*... *slurp*...
Chris: Mnn, huff...! Yamato, your hips are moving. *lick, lick* ...Amph.
Yamato: Yeah. I feel so good, thanks to you.
Chris: Mn... *slurp, slurrp, slurrrrp* Mn... *kiss*
Chris: Hah, nmm... *smack, slurp*...! *slurp*... *smack, smack*... *smack*
Yamato: Mm... I'm cumming, Chris. Drink it all.
Chris: Aww alright... *slurp, suck*... Mn.
Yamato: Mmph, I'm cumming!
*With a jerk, the ejaculation began.*
Chris: Mnn...?! Mn! Mm, mmm!
*I spewed the stuff into her mouth.*
Chris: Mn, mnkh... Mn, mm... Mnkh...
*Though she was surprised by the intensity of my load, she made sure to keep my dick in her mouth.*
Chris: Mm, mmmmmm... Kh...
*So I filled that mouth with semen.*
*Only once she was sure I had finished did she pull back her lips.*
Chris: Mm, heh... Heh... Whew... *gulp, gulp*
*Then she began to swallow the semen inside her mouth.*
Chris: Mnkh... Mnkh... *gulp*...
Chris: *gulp* ... Mn, pwah... I drank... Your thick cum.
Yamato: And you didn't even cough.
Chris: Yeah... I drank all of your spunk... My tummy feels so warm.
Yamato: Thanks...
Chris: No problem...
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...?
Chris: Oh.
*Then, with a burst of realization, she brought her head back to my crotch.*
*For yes, I still hadn't told her to stop.*
*She resumed licking it.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick, kiss, lick, lick, lick*...
Chris: Mnf... Mn... *smack, slurp*... *kiss* hah...! Mn, pweh... *smack, kiss*
Chris: Mwah... *lick*... Yamato, your dick is twitching...
Yamato: Yeah. I'm so sensitive after cumming, so this feels amazing.
Chris: I had no idea. All right... Amph!
*Chris opened wide and gobbled up my penis.*
Yamato: Mn... Kh...?!
Chris: *lick* ...Mn... *smack, smack* *suck* *slurp*
*Then she slowly moved up and down my rod.*
Chris: *smack, smack*... Mwah... *lick, lick, lick*...
*She moved her sticky tongue along, practically stroking my sensitive glans.*
Yamato: Yes, that feels great. (I patted her head.)
Chris: Fwah... Mn, mnf, ah, mm... *slurp, smack, smack, lick, lick, lick, lick*...
*She narrowed her eyes in delight at my praise and crawled her tongue with even more passion.*
Chris: *slurp, slurrrrp*...! Mn, pwah...
Chris: Mm... *lick, lick* Yamato, it is so hard, *smack*... I am so glad I have turned you on... I will do my best. Hamph.
Yamato: You're so cute, Chris...
*She moved her tongue even more boldly.*
Chris: Mmm... *slurp, slurp*... Mnkh... *slurrrp*... Heh, mn, mnwah... *smack*...
Chris: Aweh, mn... Mnkh... *slurp*... *kiss, lick*
Chris: *smack, slurp*... *peck, smack, smack*...
*Her energetic movements quickly brought sweet numbness to my lower body.*
Chris: Huff, huff... Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... *slurp*...
Yamato: Kh... Chris... Yes, I can't keep my hips still.
*Her tongue enthusiastically pleasured my hot penis.*
Chris: Mn... *kiss* *slurp* *slurrrrp*
*As I pushed my glans in deeper, the tip of her tongue rubbed against my urethra, and the flat of it traced the length of my rod.*
*Chris sucked away like she was in a trance.*
Chris: *kiss, kiss*...! *smack*... *lick, lick, lick*, mngh... Mnn... *smack* mnf!
Chris: *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming again!
*I thrust my hips and unleashed my sperm into her mouth.*
*Spew! Spew! Spurt... spurt spurt!*
*Though this was round 2, I still fired off a huge load.*
Chris: ...Mmmmm! Mm, mmm!
*She struggled against the semen deluge.*
*And yet, even so...*
Chris: Mm, hah... Mnn, kh, fweh...
*She made sure to take all of it in her mouth.*
Chris: Mm... *gulp, gulp, gulp*... *gulp*
*And this time, she didn't even release my rod before she started swallowing.*
Chris: Mm, gh... Mnkh, mnkh, mnkh!
Chris: ...*Gulp, gulp*... *gulp*
*She nobly proceeded to drink it all down.*
*As thanks welled up in me, I patted her head.*
Chris: Mm...
*Which caused her to sweetly moan, the sigh escaping through a crack between her lips and my dick.*
Chris: ...*smack*... *slurp*... Mnn.
*She used her tongue to scoop out the remaining drops in my urethra.*
Chris: Ooh, mm... Mmm, ah... Ugh...
*Chris still didn't let my cock leave her mouth.*
Chris: Hamph... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, kiss, peck*...
*She instead licked it clean inside her mouth.*
Chris: *lick, smack*... Mn... *kiss*...
*Which meant my penis never even had a chance to wilt before it was ready for Round 3.*
Yamato: Thanks. That's enough, Chris.
Chris: All right...
Chris: So... Yamato?
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: I... Read a few books on the subject, and...
Chris: Are men not supposed to need some time to recover after each go?
Chris: Yours always seems so much more... Robust than that.
Yamato: Yeah, firing off a load usually makes a man limp.
Yamato: But a man like me, with a girl as cute and beautiful as you, doesn't have time for that.
Chris: Yamato!
Yamato: (Well, men of my age are called monkeys all the time. I wouldn't call myself anything special.)
Chris: You are so manly...
*Chris gently kissed my penis.*
Yamato: Mn, but you know... How do I put this...
Chris: ......?
Yamato: You read books to learn more about sex?
Chris: Ugh!
*Her cheeks turned even redder.*
Yamato: What kind of books?
Chris: Uh, well...
Yamato: Where did you find them? Don't tell me you bought them from the bookstore in front of the station.
Chris: No. In truth, a girl in our class gave them to me as a parting gift, saying I needed to know at least this much.
Yamato: Wow, that was really kind of her. Who was it?
Chris: She asked me to try to keep it a secret from you, so I will not give her name.
Yamato: That part of you never changes.
Chris: Would you expect it to? I am me.
Yamato: And you're you even when you want the D.
Chris: Ooh... Ugh.
Yamato: My lady knight gives such sweet moans.
Chris: Sh-Sh-Sh-Shut up!
Chris: I try to act modestly, and you immediately seize on it!
Yamato: What part of that was modest?
Chris: All right, today is the day I make you utter sweet moans! I will not stop until you drop!
Yamato: Hey, Chr--
Chris: My choice, my choice, my choice!
Yamato: Gwah!
*She pushed me down.*
Chris: Mm... Yamato, take off your clothes.
Chris: And I will... take off mine.
Yamato: *stare*
Chris: D-Do not stare at me.
Yamato: But I'm the instantly-stripping king of nudity!
*These were safe days for her, so I kept going.*
Chris: That was quick... I-I have barely even started.
Yamato: It's fine, you don't have to bare it all. Just show me your boobs.
Chris: Ooh... A-All right.
Chris: Like this?
*Her beautiful mounds jiggled upon being given their newfound freedom.*
Yamato: Yeah. They're beautiful and perfectly shaped.
*I went to touch them, but Chris stopped me.*
Chris: Oh, not so fast!
Chris: Did you forget? Today is the day I give you pleasure.
Chris: Now stay down and cry with your cute--Yeagh! Ah, mn, stop, not my nipples...
Chris: I told you not to touch. Leave everything to me.
Chris: Now, prepare yourself. I am going to put you inside me...
*So she was challenging herself to do me cowgirl style.*
Chris: Heh. Am I not a knight? Thus, is it not just for me to ride upon my steed?
Yamato: Wait, are you ready for--
*But then I looked closer, and saw she was so wet that her juices were dripping all the way down her thighs.*
Yamato: So licking me got you wet... Damn.
*Liquid seeped from her slit.*
Chris: Stop staring!
*I spurred her anger.*
Chris: N-Now I will start... riding you.
Yamato: You can be so funny.
*Chris guided my erect dick to her entrance.*
Chris: --Mnph.
*It slipped out.*
Chris: O-One more try... Hah!
Chris: ...Ugh, i-it will not go in. You rampaging stallion!
Yamato: Maybe if you slowed down a bit!
Chris: What...? I do not need to slow down!
Chris: Mm, I just need to... put this... (It slid out again.)
Yamato: So it would appear the good lady knight cannot ride a horse.
Chris: Gh! I have but begun.
Yamato: Ouch! Are you trying to crush it?!
Chris: Kh, go in... I am going to make you moan.
Yamato: But isn't that really more your thing?
Chris: Hah... Stop, do not pinch me... Mnahhh!
Chris: This time will be the charm... Mn, kh, ah...
*Luckily, my glans began to dig into her vagina.*
Chris: G-Good... Here I go, Yamato. Let me hear your voice.
*Her hips smacked into mine.*
Chris: Ahh... Mm, it is so hot... Kh!
Chris: It is spreading me wide... Kh, ooh... Ahh.
*Her internal membranes were no less moist than her mouth had been.*
Chris: Ahh, fweh, mnah... Wh-What do you say, Yamato?
Yamato: Kh... Yeah, it's good. Keep pushing it in deeper.
Chris: Mnah, heheh, yes... I am going to make you feel even better.
*My penis sunk completely into Chris.*
Chris: Huff, huff, huff... Now we are one...
Yamato: Yeah, I'm so happy...
Chris: Y-Yamato... I-I know you want to kiss me.
Yamato: HUmm, well, m-more or less.
Chris: Mnkh, n-no need to be stubborn, mnn.
Chris: Tell me the truth, and I-I will kiss you...
Yamato: Show me an example.
Chris: A-An example...?
Chris: Kiss... me...
Yamato: Could you speak up?
Chris: Mnkh, I-I want to kiss you.
Yamato: Sure, you can kiss me.
Chris: S-Sure... Heheh... *smack, lick*
Chris: Mn... *smack, kiss*...? Wait, something feels wrong here.
Yamato: So, what's next?
Chris: Mm... I will move... You are going to moan so lewdly, Yamato.
Yamato: Kh, ooh, so you're going to shake your own hips?
Chris: Do not speak like that. *Headbutt!*
Yamato: Ouch!
Chris: See...? Mnkh... I am moving... Mn.
*Her movements rubbed membrane against membrane.*
Chris: Ahh, mnn...! Fwah, mnn...
*Her hips rose...*
Chris: Huff... Mnah... Ah... Ugh...
*Then lowered.*
Yamato: ...Kh, ah...
Chris: Heheh, I heard that. Heh, heh...
Yamato: And I heard you moaning too... Nwah!
Chris: Mm, I am going... to speed up. Kh!
*Slowly but surely, she picked up the pace.*
Yamato: Ah... Kh, ooh... Ooh.
Chris: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, I will do you... Even... Harder!
*Then, as she pounded me hard...*
*Flop.*
Chris: Ah! I-It fell out?!
Yamato: You went too intensely.
Yamato: It's hard to believe it, really, given how hard you were clamping down on me in there.
Chris: One more time... Mm.
*But it didn't go well.*
Yamato: Hey, hey, get a... Oof?!
Chris: All I wanted was to make you feel good...
Yamato: (This is way too much for the second time... I'll support her.)
*I focused all of my attention on my dick, then set it against her slit.*
Yamato: Oof, kh... If you just lower your hips now, I'll...
Chris: Ah, it is in... Good... Mn, mnah, mnaaahh!
Chris: Mm... Heh... Kh, huff, huff...
Yamato: Ugh, kh...
Chris: Mm... H-How about that, Yamato...?
*She moved gingerly, as if afraid of my rod slipping out again.*
*Nevertheless, the tightness of it gave incredible pleasure, but I still wanted more.*
Yamato: Ohh, it feels so good that I can't stop my hips!
*I slammed up into her from below.*
Chris: Fwah...! Mn, kh... Y-Yamato?
Chris: B-But you need to stay still!
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good that I can't stop myself... Ah.
Chris: ...I-It does? Heh, I see you have no patience. Which means you have fallen before m--fwah!
Yamato: CAN'T STOP! WON'T STOP!
Chris: Kweh! Mn... Ahhh! Y-Yamato, you are coming at me from below... Mn, mnah, kh, ooh...
Chris: Ah, ahh, y-your thrusts are so--mn... Hahn.
Yamato: Huff, huff. Looks like you're enjoying it, Chris.
Chris: ...Mm. Kh. Says you--Ah!
*I could hear her my dick splash into her love juices when I thrust.*
Chris: Mn, for it to feel so good... that your hips started m-moving... you must be very sensitive--mnn...
Yamato: Yeah... I'm getting even rougher too. (I slammed up into her hips.)
Chris: Kh, mnah, aweh, ah, ah, mnah?!
Yamato: Mn, kh, amazing, it's so tight...
Chris: Mngh... Fwah, h-hey, do not touch my breasts!
Yamato: Oh, but the way they were jiggling in front of me, I just...
Chris: As I said--Ah!--you just--Mnph!--need to sit there--Mn!--and feel--Ah!--good!
Yamato: Eh, your moans made it sound like you enjoyed it, so I just...
Chris: Huff... Huff... Th-Then I just have to stop moaning.
Yamato: Hm? Hey, bottling up your emotions isn't good for you.
Chris: This is not bottling anything up. I am simply staying quiet.
Yamato: ... (I continued to fuck her.)
Chris: ...
Yamato: ... (I rolled my fingers over her erect nipples.)
Chris: ......
*Chris was fighting back her cries.*
Yamato: Kh, all right, so it comes down to your pride as a knight?
Chris: Yes. You are the only one who will moan tonight.
Yamato: Then I'll try that.
Chris: I told you. Nothing will make me moan.
Yamato: Here I go. (I pulled my penis almost all the way out.)
Chris: --!
*Then slammed it all the way back in.*
Chris: Ahhh?! Hah, ahhh!
*And deep inside her, I could feel it tap against her womb.*
Chris: Ah... Ah... I-It is so deep... Mnah...
Yamato: Was that a moan I just heard, Lady Knight?
Chris: P-Perhaps if my stallion could control himself--mngh!
Yamato: I'll buck away until you tame me with sheer willpower.
*I thrust up even harder.*
*Splashes echoing from inside her.*
Chris: Mnah, kh... Ooh... Hah...
Chris: Awww... S-So dee... Mnnnph!
Chris: Mnn, it is tapping against it...
*My glans scratched against her passage.*
*A sweet numbness spread through my nethers.*
Chris: Mn, aweh, kh, hah! Like this...
*Her walls, wet with sticky nectar, clung to my dick.*
Chris: Kh... Ooh... Hahn... This is no different than before.
*Though I felt like I was melting into the pleasure, I wasn't yet at my peak.*
*Which felt a little slow, I had to say, but that meant I could bring Chris even more pleasure.*
Chris: ...Mmm!
Yamato: A-Amazing, it's getting tighter?!
*It squeezed down on me.*
Chris: ...Mn. So this does... give you more stimulation... Heheh.
Chris: If I move like this, then I will set the pace. Mn, hmm.
*She moved her own hips, giving me numb pleasure.*
Yamato: Kh... N-Not bad... Mnn.
Chris: Yamato... Mm, Yamato... Kh... Fwah!
*I scooped up and felt up her beautiful bouncing boobs.*
Chris: Kh, fwah... A-Again with my chest...? Ah, fwah!
Chris: Mm, your thing... is rubbing... inside me... Ah, ah!
Yamato: Chris, kiss me...
Chris: Yes... Mn... *kiss, lick* Hamph... *lick*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*... *lick*... *lick*
Chris: Pwah... Yamato... Well?
Yamato: Mn, yeah, that was awesome.
*I took her erect nipple into my mouth and sucked as hard as I could.*
Chris: Mnkh?! Mnahhh...
*Again, her pussy clamped down on me.*
Yamato: ...Ah, I can't hold back any longer.
Chris: ...Huh?
Yamato: I want to cum... I'm going to fuck you hard.
*I thumped hard against her, sending my dick deep inside.*
Chris: Fwaaaaahhhhh!
*Deep enough that my glans touched her womb's entrance, so I rubbed against it.*
Chris: Mm, kwah! Ah, fwah! Ahh... Ahh...
Yamato: So you really--Mmph--are sensitive here.
*I kneaded her breasts as I continued to thrust.*
Chris: Mnkh... Ah, ahh... Ahhh.
*Chris shook her beautiful blond hair and moaned adorably.*
Chris: I-I cannot... Y-Yamato, I am going to...
*Her body quivered, and her vagina began contracting.*
Yamato: Ugh, kh... Me too...
*I drove my clips towards our climaxes.*
Chris: Kwah, mn, ahhhhh! Huff, ah, mn, Yamato, Yamato...
*Into that amazing tightness I sent one last thrust.*
Chris: Ahhh! I love you, Yamato...
*My tip pressed against her cervix.*
Chris: I-I am cumming...
Yamato: Kh... Chris!!!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Chris: Waaahhh?! Mnkh, ah-ahhhh!
*Semen poured continuously into her womb.*
Chris: Ah, kh, ooh... Y-You are cumming...
*Her body quivered.*
Chris: Huff, ahh... I-It is so hot...
Yamato: Mn, there's still more... Feel it, Chris.
*Spurt, spurt, spurt...*
Chris: Ah, ah, ah... Just getting creampied is making me cum again...
Chris: ...Ah...
*As she climaxed again, she brought her lips to mine.*
Chris: Hahn... Mn... *kiss*... Yamato... Mn.
Yamato: Chris... *kiss* mn... *lick*...
Chris: Your thing inside me is... *kiss* mn... *lick* *lick*... Not getting the least bit smaller... Mn, *kiss*
Yamato: I can still keep going... Because you're the cutest girl in the world.
Chris: Mnfh... *kiss* Again you start with those words. *lick*
Chris: *pwah* Then this time... Mn, kh, ah...
Yamato: Ah. H-Hey... Mm.
Chris: Ah, wah... I will move myself... Ahh.
*She started moving her hips once more.*
*With the semen inside her providing more lubricant.*
Chris: Mn, huff... Mn, Yamato, I see you are turned on...
Chris: Mn, mm, you did say you are most sensitive after ejaculating. Mnph!
Chris: Huff... Ahh... Mn... This time I will truly take the lead.
*She moved her hips to the pleasure.*
Chris: Fwah, ah... Again it is at its biggest size... Mnah.
Yamato: Kh... Ah, this feels so good...
Chris: Mmm... Kh, heheh, I have finally mastered riding you.
Chris: Ah... Mm. It is so wonderfully hot... Mnn!
Yamato: I'm amazed you can move your hips so--Ahh!
Chris: That is--Mmph!--thanks to all my training--Mmph!
*Of course... Her pussy felt really tight, and that was probably because she was always training.*
Yamato: Chris, huff... Huff...
Chris: Mm, Yamato... Keep your mouth open... Mm.
Chris: Take everything I have to offer... *smack*... *slurp*
*Chris dribbled saliva into my mouth.*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp*
*My throat purred as I swallowed the sweet nectar.*
Yamato: Chris, where did you learn to do that?
Chris: You did the same to me last time.
Yamato: Oh. Right...
Chris: Do you want more?
Yamato: Give me your saliva, Lady Knight.
Chris: What a nasty horse you are... Open wide.
Chris: *slurp*... Here I go... *slurp*...
*The saliva dripped down towards me.*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp*
Chris: ...Good. Next, I want you to whinny.
Yamato: Uh, that's not happening. (I thrust upwards.)
Chris: Ahah?! ...Ahh... But was that not, ah, the perfect moment for it? Mnah!
Chris: Such moments, mmph, seem wonderful to have from time to time, mnah!
Yamato: I still can't let you do that yet. *kiss*
Chris: Mmm... *kiss* amph... Mn.
*We flirted and teased as our pleasure ran hotter.*
Chris: Ahh... Your thing is trembling inside me.
*She said, tapping her forehead against mine.*
Yamato: That's because of what you're doing inside...
Chris: ...Heheh.
Yamato: Chris... *kiss*...
Chris: Mm... Yamato... *kiss, kiss*
Yamato: Let's both feel good again together.
Chris: *lick* *lick*... Okay... Pwah!
*We both began to move at the same time.*
Chris: Haaau... Mm, it is so deep... Ah, ahhh!
Chris: Mnkh... Yamato, yours is twitching inside me... Ahn...
Chris: ...Ah, aweh... Fwah! Ah, ahh, if you thrust so deeply, I will...
Chris: Yamato, again I am... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Yeah... Me too... I can't believe how amazing this feels.
Yamato: It's like we were made for each other.
Chris: Mmm... Fwah... Ah, ahh... Amazing...
*She'd begun contracting.*
*And I thrust my dick into that raging-hot embrace.*
Chris: Fwah... Ah, mn, oooh! I am going to go crazy... Ahhh!
Chris: Ahhh! I-I am cumming, I cannot stop, I am cumming...
Yamato: I'm cumming too, Chris...
Chris: Ahh, cum, cum inside me... Give me your hot spunk...
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, I'm cumming Chris!
Chris: Cum... Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Chris, Chris!
Chris: Ahhh, ah, ah, Yamato, I love you...
Yamato: Mnph!
*I yanked her hips down as I pounded up.*
Chris: Haaaah! I am cumming, I am cumming!
*Her womb's entrance and my glans stuck together.*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Chris: Mmmnnn... So much spunk...
Chris: Aweh... Mn, my stomach... is so hot... Mnn.
Chris: Kweh... Huh? What? Ah, wh-why are you moving?!
Yamato: Because your face during orgasm is too damn hot!
Yamato: So I'm going to make you orgasm even more!!!
*I drilled into her even as I ejaculated.*
Chris: Ahhh! Stop! Anymore and my mind, ah, ahhhh...
*I thrust up, aiming for her womb.*
Chris: Ahhh! Moving while you cum is just so--Ahhh!
Chris: FWahhh! Fwah... I-I cannot...
**smack, smack, smack, smack, smack*...*
Chris: Ahhh, fwah, ahah, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato...
Yamato: Mn, the way you keep calling my name... I really do love you.
Chris: I love you, I love you so much, Yamato, I love you, I love you!
Yamato: Does it feel good when I thrust up into you?
Chris: Ah! Y-Yes! It feels so good!
*I stabbed into her soaking-wet insides.*
Yamato: Here's where you love it, right?
*I ground against her womb, like I was trying to knock it open.*
Chris: Mnaahh... Yes, there, there, it feels too good!
Yamato: Then I'll shoot it right there once again... Mn... Ahh.
Chris: Yes... Do it... Cum for me!
Yamato: Mnn, I'm cumming...
*I slammed into her as hard as I could.*
Chris: Hwahn! Ahhhhhh!
*Spew! Spew... spurt spurt!*
*I ejaculated right up against her cervix.*
Chris: Kh, ah... Y-You are cumming... Again...
Chris: Huff... Ah, there is so much inside me... Ahhh.
Chris: I like this... The feel of this, it is so good...
Chris: I feel, mm, like I am melting...
Chris: Awah... Even though just having you inside me is incredible on its own...
Chris: Your semen is making me c-cum...
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Ah, ahh...
*After that slow, intense emission...*
Chris: *kiss*... *kiss*... Yamato, stay with me, stay with me forever.
Yamato: I will, Chris. I love you.
*Our kisses continued long into the night.*
*So began our life together.*
*--A special Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: Sweet! This oughta be just what you're lookin' for in furniture!
Yamato: Yeah, it's perfect. It feels really cozy now.
Chris: This once-bare room is now so... Thank you for your assistance!
*With everyone's help, we had our new place looking great.*
Kazuko: And carrying all that heavy furniture is good training.
Yukie: Please leave it to us!
*So many strong friends meant we didn't need to hire any movers.*
Takuya: Still, living on your own costs a lot of money.
Yamato: Yeah. Working out the kinks in the budget made my head spin...
Yamato: But everyone pitching in made things a lot easier.
Yamato: I especially have to thank Mrs. Shimazu.
*She'd passed some older furniture on to us.*
Shouichi: And you'd better be thankful for the odds and ends I brought in from my job too!
Yamato: Yeah, you've really helped with the little things.
*He'd even supplied the sweets for our welcoming gifts to our new neighbors.*
Kazuko: The goal was to make this cramped apartment a fun home.
Chris: And you did just that. Thank you, Dog.
Miyako: Did Mr. Usami co-sign for you?
Yamato: Yeah. I seriously owe him for that.
Yamato: I'll be paying him back through hard work.
Shouichi: Ain't this a pretty good hangout?
Yamato: Capt, it's too tiny no matter how you spin it.
Gakuto: Plus, this isn't the safest neighborhood.
Gakuto: I wouldn't have even let you live here if your situation weren't so dire. Watch out at night.
Yamato: Yeah. We'll take your warning to heart.
Chris: It would certainly be a nuisance to do it in this room regardless.
Gakuto: Are you tryin' to say you don't want us rummaging through your love nest?
Chris: ...That is absolutely ri...
Chris: ...Reasonable.
Takuya: *glance*
Miyako: Hm? I'm fine. You don't have to run every little thing past me.
Miyako: (Panicking won't do me any good. I cannot blame their pleasure, be it ill or well...)
Miyako: (And Yamato's enjoying his pleasure too.)
Momoyo: Welp, then let's leave this place to the kids.
Takuya: Ahaha, you're right. We finished and had time to catch our breaths.
Yukie: Yes. Best of luck to you, Chris-san!
Chris: Y-Yeah. Thank you.
Yukie: I'll be stopping by to teach you how to cook! See you then!
Gakuto: Right, it's day one. We can't get in their way.
Kazuko: Huh? What?
Gakuto: They're going to play at bein' pro wrestlers. Let's go.
Kazuko: Huh? Why wrestling?
*Nee-san bent over and whispered something in Wanko's ear.*
Kazuko: Wah!
*Her face turned bright red.*
Kazuko: Yamato, you're a pervert! And Kuri too!
*She ran outside.*
Chris: Heh, she's still a child.
Yamato: I don't know if you should be looking down on her so much.
Shouichi: Huh? We're going home? What the heck, I thought we'd play this new game I made where we see how long we can make the media dance to our tune!
Miyako: That sounds fun, but maybe next time.
Shouichi: Tch. Then see you around. If anything pops up, even if there's no Friday Meeting, I'm hollering for you, got it?!
Yamato: Okay. By all means, please.
Chris: Thank you.
*They closed the door behind them.*
*All of our friends had happily helped us out.*
*With my deepest gratitude to them...*
Yamato: Stop eavesdropping and go home!
*...I yelled.*
Momoyo: Tch, you noticed? Hahaha.
Gakuto: Moro, you were breathin' too hard.
Takuya: That wasn't me! My breaths were normal!
Yamato: And bring back something edible for us from the school trip!
Yamato: Geez...
Chris: ...Mm. I am poor at scanning for auras, but I believe they are all gone.
Yamato: So this is our new home.
*I hugged her.*
Chris: Our new life is finally about to begin.
*Chris strongly hugged me back.*
*I took drinks out of the fridge.*
Yamato: Let's make a toast.
Chris: I am glad we at least splurged on a pair of matching glasses.
*We had work tomorrow, so we only drank oolong tea.*
Yamato: Good thing they immediately gave you an offer during the interview.
Chris: They were doubtful at first...
Chris: But those ceased once I picked up the items they had lying around.
Yamato: I can always count on you for that.
Chris: Momo-senpai will be working with me tomorrow.
Chris: There is no cause for concern, and I welcome the daily pay.
Yamato: But it's physical labor. Ooh, that's a lot of stress on you.
Chris: It is only a half-day's work, and it will not be daily. If anything, I welcome it as a chance to keep up my strength.
Chris: I want to stay fit, after all.
Yamato: Naturally. I'll do my best too.
Yamato: Both to stay thin and to save money, we'll have hearty breakfasts, but go to bed a bit hungry.
Chris: Early to bed and early to rise, as they say.
Yamato: ...By and large, yes, but...
Yamato: Let's stay away from firm rules and try to enjoy ourselves.
Chris: Yeah. I cannot wait, Yamato.
*I figured I should expect us to live here for half a year or so.*
*I absolutely could not let Chris get worn out.*
*I wouldn't let that happen to any girl anyways, but I had to keep her happy if I wanted any hope of her father's approval.*
*And that went for me, too.*
*This was fundamentally a short, multi-month campaign. One that demanded some effort above and beyond from me.*
Yamato: ...So.
Chris: Why, exactly, are you pressing your ear against the wall?
Yamato: I'm checking how thin the walls are. There's a young woman living next door, and...
Yamato: Good, it doesn't look like I can hear much of anything.
Chris: Please tell me you did not hope otherwise.
Yamato: This means we don't have to worry about your moans when we're in the... YEOUCH!
Chris: I am trying to bask in the joy of us living together. Why must you try to ruin that?
Chris: Goodness, one would think sex is all that is on your mind.
Yamato: Poor Chris, having to spend every night with a guy like that.
Chris: Stop doing push-ups! What are you even preparing for?!
Yamato: ...Eh, but all jokes aside...
Yamato: You can leave everything to me!
Chris: I wish I could take that at face value, but strangely, I feel that I cannot...
Chris: I must do my best too!
*We were both psyched up.*
Kyojin: Right, let's get you started straightaway on your first job here at the Agency, Yamato.
Yamato: I look forward to working with you, Usami-san.
Kyojin: You'll be on a trial period for the first three months. Sound good?
Yamato: Yes.
Kyojin: Then Tadakatsu, you teach him the ropes. Yamato, you report to him.
Yamato: I'd be happy to.
Tadakatsu: For the love of... I finally get someone under me, and it has to be fuckin' you. The heck did I do to deserve this?
Yamato: I'll be sure to put in the hours even while you're at school to learn as much as I can.
Yamato: What about the other senpai? Kino-san, was it?
Tadakatsu: Kino-san's qualified as a home helper, and that stuff gives him more work than he knows what to do with.
Yamato: Gen-san, what about you?
Tadakatsu: I'm collecting bills, and I'm damn good at it.
Yamato: Then I must be too. All right, let's go!
Tadakatsu: Fuck no. You got work elsewhere.
Yamato: Huh?
Tadakatsu: For now, you're gonna get a taste of how hard this work is.
Yamato: You can count on me, no matter how scary the job!
Tadakatsu: What you got in store's...
*......*
Old Man: Oh, looks like you've finished most of it.
Yamato: I'll have the rest done soon!
Yamato: (Still, it never even occurred to me I'd be weeding!)
Yamato: (But the Agency handles this too... Wow.)
Yamato: (But I won't complain. If I'm doing this, I'm doing it right. Fast and to perfection!)
*I wholeheartedly weeded his lawn.*
Old Man: Wow, you're so young and so fast. Here, have some rice balls.
Yamato: Thanks!
*The rice balls and the tea were both delicious.*
Tadakatsu: Good, you got that over with decently fast.
Tadakatsu: Next up, you're out with me cleanin' the streets. We're cleanin' up after some event.
Yamato: Yeah, here we go! You'll be calling me the Super Cleaner Upper in no time!
Tadakatsu: ...You ain't gonna bitch about it?
Yamato: Of course not. I have to feed my woman.
Tadakatsu: That's the spirit. If you started grumbling, I would've throw you out the damn door. Right, let's go!
*......*
Jun: Hey, wasn't that Naoe Yamato?
Touma: Working already, is he?
Jun: But Chris is amazing, too. She transferred here in the spring, then drops out in the second semester to go live with a guy.
Touma: Put like that, it does sound rather astounding.
Touma: ...And yet, the lengths they go to for the person they love...
*Their gazes fell on Sakakibara Koyuki.*
Koyuki: Haoomph!
Koyuki: Ahah! I skipped it all the way to the far shore!
*She was playing by the shore in simple innocence.*
Touma: He has such strength, strength I respect from the bottom of my heart.
Jun: Everyone's got their own circumstances.
*...That night.*
Yamato: I'm back.
Chris: Oh, I was just about to come out to meet you.
Yamato: It's fine. You don't have to go outside.
Chris: You must be tired. I can see it in your face.
Yamato: It's really fulfilling work, but exhausting, yeah.
Yamato: It's all worth it, though, in the end. Chris, how was your day?
Chris: I do not want to be off-putting, but I cannot imagine a more perfect replacement for my training.
Chris: If that is all they ever ask, the work will be a piece of cake.
Yamato: It feels like we have two breadwinners. That's a load off my shoulders.
Chris: You can leave that to me.
Chris: So, as for dinner, Capt was kind enough to bring us the leftovers.
Yamato: Good grief, he's such a busybody.
Yamato: Huh? Someone's at the door?
Gakuto: Yo. Mom told me to bring you this, since she figured you're exhausted after your first day of work.
*He shoved a stack of heavy boxes into my hands.*
Yamato: Is this all food? ...Damn.
Gakuto: And none of it'll go bad. See you.
Gakuto: (You two doin' it?)
Yamato: (Yeah, though we're using condoms when it's not a safe day.)
Gakuto: Good luck!
Yamato: ...Everyone's helping ease our way.
Chris: First, we need to take care of the gifts.
Yamato: All right, let's show our thanks with a feast.
Chris: You are as busy as I expected with Agency work. I think you should let me handle the housework.
Yamato: I want to help out, but... Yeah, you'll be in charge of it.
Chris: When I think of how I am tending to the home we share, it is no work at all.
Yamato: And when I think of living with you, I don't mind how busy I am.
Yamato: ...That's something you never would have said four months ago.
Chris: Has it only been four months? That is no time at all.
Yamato: The time flew by.
Chris: ...Heheh.
Yamato: ...Chris!
*I went to push her down and take her, but she spun out of the way.*
Chris: It is dinnertime. Sit yourself down and finish your meal.
Yamato: Yes.
*She was truly a reliable partner.*
Yamato: This is an easy kind of work. I just have to stay in line.
*I was standing in line to buy a concert ticket.*
Yamato: The Agency really does handle anything and everything.
*The client was willing to spend whatever it took to get a good seat.*
Yamato: Which means it's my job to get the best seat possible.
*I'd spent the whole night in line.*
*Nee-san had come and stayed over last night, so Chris wouldn't be lonely without me.*
*She was probably out shopping with Mayucchi right about now.*
Yukie: So our goal is to create nutritionally balanced meals, but without spending any more than we must.
Chris: Thank you for the help. There is still so much I do not know.
Yukie: You have plenty of seasonings, right?
Chris: Yes. Mrs. Shimazu gave us some as a farewell gift.
Yukie: Then let's go buy ingredients.
Yukie: If I recall correctly...
Matsukaze: This week, it's Mushroom Mania! All mushrooms are on sale at the supermarket!
Yukie: Then let's build the meal around mushrooms.
Chris: ...Did you cook dinner at home every night?
Yukie: Yes, it was usually me. Though my mother is skilled too...
Yukie: We would have different 'orders' every week, like trying to be thrifty, or using premium ingredients. The challenge was actually kind of fun.
Yukie: So I know about how to cook on a budget. Leave it to me!
Chris: You are so skilled...
Chris: I will try to keep up!
Yukie: Then let's start by shopping. Shiitake mushrooms, king trumpet mushrooms, raw mushrooms, and shimeji. Oh, and we should buy some maitake too.
Chris: These mushrooms really are cheap.
Chris: A pack of king trumpet mushrooms for 80 yen... that is so cheap.
Yukie: They're always cheap during the fall, and they're on sale too, so...
Yukie: And as cheap as they are, we have to buy in bulk, so...
Chris: Yes, I believe I understand.
Chris: (Mayucchi's really passionate about housework!)
Yukie: Let's move on to the vegetables!
Chris: W-Wait! Do not leave me behind!
*...Phase 2: Cooking.*
Yukie: The natto and pork's nearly finished, I see.
Chris: It looks very nutritious. Yamato will love it.
Yukie: Put some salad oil on the frying pan and grill it.
Chris: Like this?
Yukie: Use your wrist more, like when making okonomiyaki.
Chris: Mm, more like this?
Yukie: Excuse me. Let me show you... Like this and this.
Chris: Mn, all right...
Chris: I can slice and dice well, but...
Chris: I simply cannot get the hang of frying.
Yukie: Ahh, you're burning it!
Chris: R-Right, my wrist. I need to use my wrist!
Yukie: And now it's complete! All that's left is to do is add some soy sauce and mayonnaise.
Chris: Wow, all right... But wait, Mayucchi.
Chris: Do we not need some secret flavoring?
Yukie: I can't say I've ever seen anyone succeed at that.
Chris: Hmm... Yamato loves cola, so what if I mixed some into the food?
Yukie: Then why don't you try that with this bit here, at the edge?
Chris: All right, it will be the Chris Special.
Yukie: Now, please try it.
Chris: *om nom nom*
Chris: This... will be my last attempt of the sort.
Yukie: Good! All cooking comes down to the basics.
Yukie: We decided to do one dish at a time, so next...
Yukie: Fry together the chopped-up paprika, king trumpet mushrooms, and the bell peppers.
Matsukaze: You gotta heat up the olive oil, but just a tablespoon's worth.
Chris: Like this? (She poured some in.)
Yukie: Chris-san, that's not right!
Matsukaze: Looks like you added way too much.
Yukie: You have to measure things carefully. Being precise also helps save money.
Chris: You mean the price of seasonings?
Yukie: It's foolish to waste anything when you have no money to spare.
Matsukaze: It's called pinchin' pennies.
Chris: I-I see... I shall try to be more careful.
*.........*
Chris: ...That is how the cooking went, but...
Yamato: Whoa... Still, it came out incredible!
Chris: I am happy to hear that.
Chris: But today made it clear to me...
Chris: My biggest enemy may be my lack of money sense.
Chris: Clearly, my financial instincts are misaligned.
Yamato: Well, your father's spoiled you all these years.
Chris: I must bring myself to be more attentive.
*Living together put some things into sharp relief.*
*Neither of us had work on Friday, which made the day one of supreme bliss.*
Chris: Zzz... Zzz...
*I looked at Chris as she slept soundly beside me.*
*She slept naked, but had wrapped herself in her sheets.*
*She would toss and turn all night.*
*Thank goodness the bed we'd received was so big.*
*Any smaller, and one of us would've fallen out of it.*
Yamato: (Today's the first day of October... We're still doing fine.)
Yamato: (Chris's father should start worrying about us any day now.)
Yamato: It's also about time to get up...
*I pulled Chris close to me.*
Chris: Hm...? Mm... Zzz...
*I'd made tons of love to her body this past month.*
*So much so that, when I got tired at work, I'd start to miss her boobs.*
*There were some places I'd made slowly made more sensitive.*
Yamato: First, her ears...
Chris: Mm...
Yamato: Then the back of her neck.
Chris: Mnkh... Hey, Yamato... It is too early to...
Yamato: What's the big deal? We have today off...
Yamato: Then there's here.
*I buried my face in her butt and licked her asshole.*
Chris: Ayah!
Chris: You pervert!
Yamato: Gwah! I-I couldn't help it! (Yeah, I probably shouldn't surprise her with that.)
*She was as shy as ever.*
*--Kawakami Academy, 2-F.*
Ikurou: Has it already been a month since Yamato and Chris dropped out?
Suguru: Do you think they're doing well?
Mayo: I ran into Chris-chan at the supermarket.
Mayo: She seemed to be doing wonderfully, thank goodness.
Chika: And Naocchi's working hard.
Chika: Though like, he does seem like he's running all over the place.
Gakuto: That proves he's doin' well. Right, Gen?
Tadakatsu: Yeah, I doubt he'll have problems.
Haguro: I didn't think those two would last this long.
Chika: Living together must be easier than I thought.
Suguru: It may look like smooth sailing now, but disease or injury will strike in time. That's when it really starts.
Chika: Umm, you are like just, so...
Suguru: Well, I am sure he of all people will find a way.
Mitsuru: Yeah, they really have it together.
Ikurou: I miss life without 'em. You never really appreciate the boners someone gives you till they're gone.
Chika: Chris's heart belongs to Naocchi's now. Give up on her.
Ikurou: Oh, Yamato... You're wasted on her.
Chika: ...Huh?
Chika: Oh yeah, Monkey, it's creepy how just not creepy you've been lately.
Ikurou: Uh, I'm not that different. I just got a change in perspective.
Ikurou: Moro, let's go home together. Huff, huff.
Gakuto: (I can't put my finger on it, but somethin' about Yonpachi seems wrong.)
Gakuto: (Wait -- is this all because of the sauna we went to over summer break?!)
Haguro: But like, with things between Naoe and Chris going totally well, even Shiina must've given up.
Miyako: Who knows?
Miyako: (If anything, my love for him is growing.)
Miyako: (Though it's not like I have any plans of getting in the way of their happiness.)
Miyako: (But it's a matter of time until that coddling father decides to...)
*--Lubeck, Germany.*
*This was Chris's hometown.*
Margit: That concludes the report.
Chris's Father: An excellent hunt of the military traitor. Well done, Hound.
Margit: I brought these back from Switzerland.
Chris's Father: Oh, Swiss chocolates. My favorites. Thank you for the trouble.
Chris's Father: My heart feels lighter than it has in weeks.
Margit: ...Because of Frau Chris?
Chris's Father: Reports indicate they are making life together work.
Chris's Father: And I had been certain she wouldn't be able to take it.
Margit: She has grown so strong.
Chris's Father: Yes, and I am happy for her... But this could be a path to making her pregnant!
Chris's Father: Yeargh, I cannot bear this.
Margit: ......
Chris's Father: Your next hunt is in the Middle East, targeting this man.
Margit: The leader of an armed group, I see.
Chris's Father: Countless lives have been lost at his hands.
Margit: Understood. I will depart at once.
Chris's Father: I'm sorry to send you out again so soon.
Margit: You need not concern me. Simply give your orders.
Chris's Father: I will.
Chris's Father: If only Chris were as obedient as you...
Chris's Father: What am I to do with her...?
*I could no longer remember what had set us off.*
*But I was pretty sure the argument had started over how cramped it was.*
Chris: Have you yourself not brought home whatever you desire?!
Yamato: There's plenty of space for my hermit crabs! Heck, all I brought was them and one console!
Chris: I appreciate how much your crabs mean to you, so the least you could do is recognize how much I treasure my stuffed animals!
Yamato: I do, but did you have to bring all of them?
*She'd stuffed the closet with them, and we'd run out of places to put things.*
Yamato: In the first place, you're just so--
Chris: No, this is your fault!
*It was our first fight since moving in together.*
Chris: ...Hmph.
Yamato: Hmph!
*We both knew we needed some space, but when we only had the one room...*
Chris: Mmmph!
*Chris stomped her feet in frustration.*
Yamato: Don't kick a hole in the floor. Just calm down.
Chris: Hmph!
*Chris opened the closet and started tossing her stuffed animals into the room.*
Yamato: Oh, you've finally decided to go through them?
Chris: Me? Hmph!
*...Then she shut herself inside the closet.*
Yamato: Hey, what are you doing?
Chris: I am going on strike. I will not come out until you apologize.
Yamato: Wow. Then you'd better not come out.
*I blocked off the entrance.*
*...A few hours later, I heard banging from the closet.*
Chris: Let me out!
Yamato: What happened? I thought you said you weren't coming out.
Chris: Huff, huff, that does not mean you get to lock me in!
Chris: Geez! You idiot! I never want to see your stupid face again!
*After a few more choice insults, Chris dove into bed and under the covers.*
Yamato: Hey, Chris.
Chris: Do not talk to me!
*She balled herself up in the sheets.*
*So I tied the sheet with plastic string.*
Chris: Mnkh! Release me!
*The sheets puffed up with her kicks.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Yamato: Let's talk this out.
Chris: I do not want to!
*Ignoring me, she started playing a game.*
Yamato: Yo, Chris.
Chris: Toh! Ts!
*She didn't even acknowledge me and continued playing her game.*
Yamato: What gives? Fine, you give me no choice.
*I picked up the other controller.*
Chris: ......!!!
*And I beat Chris's character to a pulp.*
Chris: Ah... Ah!
Yamato: Yay! I won!
Chris: Oooh... Yamato, I am sick of you!
Yamato: Hey!
Chris: I am leaving! And I do not care if you chase after me or not!
*...She actually did it. She left.*
Yamato: Ah......
*We'd gotten into a fight already...*
*This was probably my fault.*
*I took deep breaths and cooled my head.*
*Started brewing some tea.*
*And just as the water was coming to a boil...*
*I opened the front door.*
Chris: ............Mmph.
*Chris was squatting beside it, sulking.*
Yamato: I'm sorry... Look, just come inside. I have hot tea.
Chris: ...You idiot...
Yamato: I'm sorry.
Chris: ...Stupidhead.
Yamato: I'm sorry.
Chris: *glance*
Yamato: *smile*
Chris: ...Okay... I will come home.
*My apology and the chance to call me names must have mollified her.*
*Chris tottered back inside.*
*And so our life together continued.*
*There was so much to learn.*
*The Friday Meeting.*
Gakuto: Here, it's another shipment from Mom.
Chris: She does so much for us week after week, we could not possibly--
Gakuto: She likes lookin' after people. Don't worry about it.
Shouichi: You guys can make it to the school festival on the 3rd next week, right?
Yamato: I'll be there. I worked today to make up for it.
Kazuko: Kuri, you need to be there too. All of the girls miss you.
Chris: I am happy to hear it, though it is somewhat embarrassing.
Momoyo: Kuri, haven't you been putting in more days at work?
Momoyo: Does that mean money's getting ti--
Chris: Oh, there are some winter clothes I want.
Chris: Yamato gave me permission to work the extra days so I can afford them.
Momoyo: ...You two make it seem like you're living on Easy Street.
Yamato: I mean, we couldn't do it if everyone wasn't bending over backwards for us.
Chris: Mrs. Shimazu in particular comes to mind. She gave us so much food...
Takuya: Your father still hasn't said anything, Chris?
Chris: Not as of yet, no.
Kazuko: Don't you miss him?
Chris: Heh. I do yearn to see his face at times, but I do not miss him.
Chris: After all, well...
Chris: I have Yamato, so...
Matsukaze: Whew, phew!
Yukie: It's wonderful to see that you're happy.
Shouichi: That's all we're lookin' for. Sweet, so let's get a game of Cops and Robbers going!
Yamato: Where'd that come from?
Shouichi: There's this huge argument back at school over what we're supposed to call it.
Shouichi: We call it 'Cops and Robbers', so flipping that around to 'Robbers and Cops' still makes sense.
Kazuko: But others call it 'Police and Thief', or 'Prisoner's Base', or... What was the last one?
Takuya: 'Jailbreak'. Oh, and one person called it 'Manhunt'.
Gakuto: 'Manhunt' doesn't even make sense.
Shouichi: So all that talking really made me want to play a game of it.
Kazuko: Then let's bring in Cookie so we have an even number.
Takuya: You want to play here and now? You always do do things at the drop of a hat.
Shouichi: Any objections to picking teams randomly? Then I got some straws -- pick 'em!
Shouichi: Let's go, let's go, everybody get your straw!
Shouichi: Sweet! Short straws, over here with me!
Kazuko: That's me!
Momoyo: Let's go!
Gakuto: Right on!
Chris: Yes!
Yamato: ...Heheh.
Chris: What are you laughing at?
Yamato: Your team really did draw the short straw. Hahaha!
Miyako: Now that you mention it...
Gakuto: Wow, you're real jerks.
Momoyo: We'll have to make them pay for that.
Shouichi: C'mon, Yamato. Rock, paper, scissors, shoot!
Shouichi: Sweet, I win! I'm goin' with the team that gets the thrills -- the robbers!
Chris: No, wait. We should be the team that seeks justice, the police.
Kazuko: Who cares? It's fun either way!
Yamato: Hey, should you robbers be acting so arrogant?
Chris: Mmph! Yamato, what makes you think you can act so commandingly?
Yamato: Start running. By the way, we're putting the jail here.
Chris: Heh. I am not so weak as to be caught by you!
Shouichi: The time limit's one hour. The winner's decided by how many of us you manage to catch. The playing field's anywhere inside the building.
Yamato: And Nee-san, that means no climbing on the walls again.
Momoyo: Fine. We're arrested if one of you touches us, right?
Shouichi: Everyone, leave your phones here... Sweet!
Shouichi: Then let's get this game started! We get one minute to hide!
Miyako: So, what are we going to do?
Takuya: If all we need to do is touch them, even I can capture them.
Yamato: Moro and Cookie, head upstairs. Mayucchi, go downstairs.
Miyako: What about me and you?
Yamato: We'll have you guard the prison. You need quick reflexes to handle that.
*Having a captive freed would be a real downer.*
Yamato: I'll be patrolling around here.
Gakuto: With Momo-senpai on our side, this should be easy.
Momoyo: I wouldn't say that, not when they only have to touch us.
*--The sixth floor.*
Chris: (I suppose I will wait and see here...)
Cookie 2: I have found you. Prepare yourself!
Chris: Oh no, I spent too long wandering!
Cookie 2: You will not escape! Moro, cut off her escape!
Takuya: I can't believe I'm being bossed around by a machine...
Chris: Well played. However!
*Chris twirled out of the way.*
Cookie 2: I should have known you would be quick on your feet.
Chris: You are a fool to think you can catch me that easily.
Yamato: Yeah. The only one who can pull that off is me.
Chris: Ah! Yamato! Oh no!
Chris: You would face me three-on-one?
Yamato: Sure, when we haven't caught anyone yet. Why waste people defending an empty prison?
*--The first floor.*
Gakuto: The secret to winnin' Cops and Robbers is to hide as quickly as possible.
Gakuto: I should be safe for a while here on the first flo--
Yukie: I've found you! Tag!
Matsukaze: Halt, in the name of the law!
Gakuto: Oh, right. You guys can sense someone's ki...
*--In prison.*
Miyako: ......
Kazuko: Miyako's looking away towards the stairs, and I don't sense anyone else...
Kazuko: Now's my best chance to save them!
Kazuko: *sneak* I'm here to save you.
Chris: It is a trap, Dog!
Cookie 2: You're so simple. Time to take you to the pound.
Kazuko: Oh, right... Robots don't have any ki to sense.
Yamato: But still... Isn't it fun here, Chris?
Chris: Yes... Everyone enjoys playing together.
Miyako: Isn't it wonderful that no one's tearing it down?
Chris: I am truly sorry about saying those things.
Yamato: Miyako, you're never going to let that go, are you?
Yamato: But still, it's fun to come back here and play without a worry in the world.
Shouichi: You're giving me a world of worries. With all the guards standing tall in front of the prison, how're we supposed to go save any of them?
Momoyo: Looks like they're trying to win by having more of us than not, rather than getting us all... That's pretty sly, lil' bro.
Shouichi: Eh, we can still bust our way in... with this here smoke bomb.
Momoyo: Right, let's do it.
Takuya: Do you really think Capt's coming?
Yamato: I'm sure of it... But man, my heart's racing.
*This was fun.*
*Regular contact with our friends really helped ease the mental strain of living on our own.*
*I hoped this happiness would continue forever.*
*--Lubeck, Germany.*
Margit: Excuse me, Lieutenant General?
Chris's Father: Lieutenant, I took the liberty of reading your report.
Chris's Father: Your work in the Middle East was spectacular. Your successful hunt saved countless lives.
Margit: You credit me more than I deserve. I brought back this.
Chris's Father: A dried date with an almond inside? Goodness, what a treat. Thank you for the trouble.
Margit: They are wonderfully sweet. I hope you enjoy them.
Chris's Father: I will. You and your Huntresses will have some time off before your next mission.
Margit: Thank you, sir.
Chris's Father: Also, I have a personal favor to ask you.
Margit: I will head for Japan--for Kawakami--at once.
Chris's Father: Of course you would read my mind. I hoped these missions would distract you, but...
Chris's Father: Last night, I had a nightmare of Chris collapsing from overwork.
Margit: Oh my...
Chris's Father: It has been two months. Long enough, I would say.
Chris's Father: I want you to secretly look into Chris's life.
Margit: Understood. I was worried as well.
Chris's Father: I'm counting on you... Be thorough.
Chris's Father: Nevertheless, one must wonder if it is a tradition for the Friedrich heiress to experience such passionate romance in their youth.
Margit: Sir, did you say something?
Chris's Father: No, never mind me. Would you please bring me back some kuzumochi?
Margit: Roger. They are delicious, aren't they?
*The Kawakami Academy school festival--*
Umeko: Wow, Naoe and Chris. You both seem glowing with energy!
Yamato: You look as good as ever, too, Ms. Kojima.
Chris: I am happy to see you again.
Umeko: As am I. I worried about you so much these past two months.
Umeko: ...Are you aware that, given certain conditions, you can return to school so long as you do it within three months of dropping out?
Yamato: Of course. But one of those conditions is our parents' permission.
Umeko: Exactly. Which means, if you can get Chris's father to approve of you two, you'll have the opportunity to return.
Umeko: Has there been any progress on that end?
Yamato: Not one bit... And we don't intend to initiate contact either.
Yamato: We're waiting on him to make the first move.
Umeko: ...I see... All right.
Umeko: Well, today is the festival. A day to have fun.
Chris: We will! Thank you very much.
Azumi: Oh, it's the unmarried couple.
Kokoro: I should not be surprised to see you have endured the challenge.
Chris: You two have not changed either.
*Chris began speaking with the girls of 2-S.*
Touma: My, Yamato-kun. It has been far too long.
Yamato: Hey.
Touma: Your complexion strikes me as a touch more mature than when we last met.
Yamato: Really?
Touma: It is a change for the better, I assure you. But come to think of it, I was hoping to ask...
Touma: How many rooms do the two of you have?
Yamato: Just one. It's a one-room studio.
Touma: ...But would that not be no end of trouble?
Touma: I would think the ideal would be for each of you to have your own room.
Yamato: Yeah, I get that. We've gotten into fights, too.
Touma: I would expect so. Even once a man and woman choose to live together, each still has need of some privacy.
Yamato: But our finances are what they are.
Touma: Yes, I suppose so... A loft would change things, but...
Yamato: Wait, how do you know so much?
Touma: I daresay consider myself a pro when it comes to relationships with women.
Touma: So if I could offer you some advice...
*In the hallway--*
Chika: Wow! Long time no see!
Mayo: Everyone, it's Yamato-chan and Chris-chan!
Mitsuru: Wow! You look great.
Suguru: Heheh. You are nothing if not a VN protagonist in the flesh.
Koyuki: Wow... I know you! Yep!
Yamato: You've still got her here?
Haguro: Come on into the classroom and, like, have some tea!
Haguro: Then you seriously gotta give us the scoop on your love life!
*Everyone welcomed us with open arms.*
*I'd written them off as acquaintances, rather than true friends...*
*But could mere acquaintances warm my heart like this?*
Azumi: ......
Margit: ......
Azumi: And here the reports from the Conglomerate were telling me you were chasing some scent off in the Middle East, Hound.
Margit: I completed that mission. You will accept that my next mission calls me here to Japan.
Azumi: So, why here?
Margit: I do not know. My feet brought me here of their own accord.
Azumi: Wow, never took you for the sentimental type.
Margit: Things here are as lively as ever... As they should be. Farewell.
Azumi: Have yourself a drink of this first. It's something Class 2-S cooked up that's supposed to make you smarter.
Margit: ...*gulp, gulp*... It's just a regular energy drink?
Margit: But it's delicious.
Azumi: ...I've spent enough time at war to know...
Azumi: ...You got the shadow of death on you. Don't get your ass stabbed. Or nah, it's more of a drowning...? Anyway, watch your back.
Margit: Heh. You will accept that such things are unthinkable in my case.
Margit: So this is Frau Chris's house...
Old Man: Oh, a military uniform pub? Yes please!
Margit: Get lost, or I will hunt you down.
Old Man: Aieee?! I just wanted to have a good time with my handout!
Margit: This neighborhood is unsafe... Is this truly where they live?
Margit: This demands a thorough investigation.
Margit: ...Door unlocked. Commencing infiltration.
Margit: ...It is tidy in here.
Margit: I sense nothing out of sorts. Which would suggest they are living in harmony.
Margit: But let me dig threw the drawers... A photo?
*It was a picture of Chris and Margit from when they were little.*
Margit: Frau Chris...
Margit: There is nothing suspicious here. I should withdraw.
Margit: I know these auras--
Chris: We are home!
Yamato: Whew, I'm so tired!
Chris: Is someone here? ...No, it must have been my imagination.
*--Meanwhile, inside the closet.*
Margit: ...That was close.
Margit: I certainly cannot tell Frau Chris that I intruded into her home.
Margit: I simply must hide my presence and wait for the opportunity to escape.
Margit: ...A soldier can sleep at any time. I should doze off.
*--Late that night.*
Margit: Kh, I still haven't had a chance to...
Margit: I'll have to wait until they go to bed... Hm?
Yamato: Chris... *kiss*
Chris: Amm... Mm.
Margit: F-Frau Chris?!
Margit: B-But this is no surprise. She is living together with a man.
Margit: Yet never could I imagine her looking... so...
Margit: She knelt in front of Yamato...?
Chris: *smack, lick, suck*... *smack*
Margit: ...Wh-What is she doing?! Is she l-licking Hajimete?!
Yamato: Put it in your mouth.
Margit: Why is he holding her head?
Margit: Have you no gentleness for her?!
Chris: Mnfn... Hamph... *slurp*... *slurp*
Margit: Yet I must say, Frau Chris, that you have grown so mature...
Yamato: Turn your butt towards me.
Chris: Mm, okay...
Yamato: Put on your clothes... Yeah, I want to do you while you're dressed.
Margit: What? She is on all fours? This is madness!
Yamato: Here, I'll do your favorite thing.
Margit: What? He is slapping her butt?
Yamato: We've made a lot of progress here too.
Margit: He's putting that in her...? *gulp*
Margit: But that's not the right entrance!
*Margit burst out of the closet.*
Margit: Hasen Jagd!
*Then immediately attacked Naoe Yamato.*
Yamato: Wah?!
Chris: Who's there?!
*Chris immediately dressed herself, then moved to defend.*
Chris: Fall behind me, Yamato!
Yamato: I can't do that... Wait!
Chris: M-Mar-san?!
Margit: Nngh. Naoe Yamato... How dare you do that to Frau Chris?!
Yamato: Wait, wait, wait, wait wait. How dare I do what?!
Margit: Is that what you call lovemaking? You're hurting her!
Yamato: The only thing you're hurting here is my heart!
Yamato: That makes Chris feel good!
Chris: Ugh...
Yamato: She's a pretty hard M, my Chris!
Chris: H-Hey, Yamato!
Yamato: She really loves getting her A-AACH!
Chris: Ahem!
Chris: We simply must all stay calm! Mar-san, we can talk this through.
Margit: ...If you say so, Frau Chris.
Yamato: Man, what's even going on...
*............*
Yamato: Look, could you both just drink some of this Kawakami Water?
Margit: Kawakami Water? Is it some kind of alcohol?
Yamato: It's non-alcoholic.
Yamato: It's just water bottled at the source of the Tama River. I may make you feel like you're drunk, but it's not alcohol which means we can drink it.
Yamato: What I'm trying to say is, there's no way I'm having this conversation sober!
*I took a swig, and the girls followed my lead.*
Yamato: We can talk once we're good and drunk.
*............*
Chris: Fwaahhh! I feel so good!
Yamato: Chris, don't you think you've had enough?
Chris: I am certain that I have not!
Yamato: And that's how you know you've had too much...
Margit: Hmm... And yet this isn't alcoholic?
Yamato: All right, we're all drunk. Time to talk.
*............*
Yamato: So you see, I'm not bullying her.
Yamato: That's just an element of our loving roleplay!
Chris: Correct!
Chris: ...I am a bold woman, Mar-san.
Margit: F-Frau Chris...
Yamato: And where'd you pop out of in the first place?!
Chris: Father ordered you to come to keep an eye on us?! How ex-ex-ex-ex-extremely rude!
Margit: He asked for me to see how you were doing, but this intrusion I did on my own... And for it, I apologize.
Margit: However! *glug, glug*
*She gulped down Kawakami Water.*
Margit: I still cannot accept that!
Yamato: Why, Margit? ...Or should I call you Mar?
Margit: What?!
Chris: All right, Yamato. You have my permission to call her Mar!
Margit: Frau Chris?
Chris: Ahahahahaha!
Margit: You are certainly... high-strung.
Yamato: Well, drink up, Mar.
Margit: Kh. You are not the boss of me! *gulp*
Yamato: Why won't you accept us?!
Margit: How could I? Putting your his thing in there must hurt.
Yamato: You'd be surprised.
Chris: Yeah, yeah, it makes me feel like I am on Cloud Nine... Hahahaha.
Chris: I am so happy you are here, Mar-san! *glug, glug*
Yamato: You've had enough!
Margit: Regardless, I will report on this to the Lieutenant General.
Chris: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What? ...Ahh, I spilled some!
Yamato: Oh, sheesh... (I wiped it up.)
Chris: You would report to him on this?!
Yamato: Report what?
Margit: The facts -- that you struck her behind and then tried to penetrate her from behind.
Yamato: Are you trying to get a tank round shot through our window?!
Chris: Regardless...: Ahhh! I spilled it!
Yamato: I told you to stop!
Chris: I will not suffer that degree of embarrassment!
Margit: But Frau Chris, I cannot--
Chris: You 'cannot' because you have no experience!
Chris: So how can you know the truth?!
Margit: This I will protest even against you, Frau Chris. The idea you could enjoy that is unthinkable.
Chris: Whaaaat?!
Chris: Mar-san! (She pushed her down.)
Margit: What?! F-F-F-Frau Chris?!
Chris: We will just have to turn you over to our side.
Chris: You will learn firsthand how good this feels!
Margit: F-Frau Chris, wh-what are you...?
Chris: It is wrong to resist!
Margit: A-Ah, th-this is wrong...
*Chris undressed Margit with her own two hands.*
Yamato: Y-You're not suggesting we...?!
Chris: Yamato... Just this once, just today, and just because it is Mar-san...
Chris: To protect our future, we should have a threesome.
Yamato: Chris, that is the most brilliant idea I've ever heard!
*...But wait!*
*Sure the not-alcohol was influencing us, and yes we had a perfectly good reason, but could I fuck another woman in front of the woman I loved?!*
Yamato: Chris, are you sure?
Chris: Mar-san goes through so much for her missions.
Chris: I want her to know the pleasure of being a girl.
*I......*
I only have eyes for Chris
Accept to have a threesome
Yamato: I refuse!
Chris: Yamato...?
Yamato: You're the only woman I want.
Yamato: No reason can ever change that.
Chris: ...Yamato, you...
Margit: A-Am I saved...?
Chris: Yamato...
Yamato: Chris...
Margit: ...You two truly do love each other.
Margit: I will tell the Lt. General all is well. You will rest assured.
Yamato: I couldn't agree more, Chris!
Yamato: This is the only way to prove how good it feels.
*I slid in between the two women.*
Margit: What are you doing, you insolent wretch? You will die!
Yamato: (Dammit, she's out for blood!)
Chris: No, Mar-san. I have grabbed your hands.
Margit: F-Frau Chris!
Chris: Yamato, now.
Yamato: Yeah, leave it to me!
*I took off the brawny, elite warrior's clothes.*
Margit: You will stop! Stop!
*Margit glared.*
Chris: Mar-san, relax. Relax.
Margit: Frau Chris...
*She relaxed, giving me the opportunity to go for her underwear.*
Margit: Ah!
*Slowly but surely, her trim, warrior woman's body came into view.*
Chris: Mar-san, you are always so slender and pretty.
Margit: But... Ah, h-hey!
*And I took off her unelaborate bra.*
*Her two melons bounced into the light of day.*
Margit: Ah, my chest... Hey, this isn't funny!
*While she froze in confusion, I removed her underwear.*
Yamato: Let's strip too.
Chris: Yes.
Chris: I am naked.
Margit: That was fast!
Yamato: Chris... I love you. *kiss*
Chris: And I you, Yamato. *kiss*
*Once we'd shared our passionate kiss, all that was left...*
Chris: Mar-san!
Margit: Wawawa!
*Was to take on Margit together, who was flustered and had no idea how to handle herself.*
Chris: ...Like this?
Yamato: Yeah, this view is the greatest. You're both so pretty.
Margit: Ooh, h-how could this be?
*Margit... Tonight, and just tonight, you would be Mar-san.*
*Chris had grabbed both her hands; she couldn't move.*
Margit: ...Huff... Huff... R-Release me, please.
*Furthermore, she was metaphorically drunk off of Kawakami Water.*
*It was clear to see she couldn't resist.*
Yamato: Then let's get started!
*I leaned over her and took a hold of her jiggling boobs.*
Margit: Hauu?! H-Hey!
Chris: ...Mar-san.
*Chris had begun to stimulate her sister as well, she with a delicate touch from below.*
Margit: Ah... Hah! B-Both at once...?
*I nibbled on her ear and stuck my tongue inside.*
Yamato: The size, the firmness... It's incredible.
*I groped the heck out of that bust.*
Margit: Kwah! N-Naoe Yamato--Mn? Mnn?!
*She tried to say something, but I sealed her lips with a kiss.*
Margit: *kiss, lick* Pwah, huff... You... Kissed me?
Yamato: ...Wait, was that actually your first kiss?
Margit: --!
*She blushed. I must have been right. She was still a virgin.*
Margit: Naoe, how dare you--Mnnph?! Ah...
*I pinched her nipples, rubbed my fingers against them.*
Margit: --Hah, ah!
Chris: Mar-san, you are starting to enjoy it.
Margit: Ah, F-Frau Chris... Mn, ah!
*While Chris turned her on with strokes of her fingers that, even in this situation, managed to be courteous and ladylike.*
Yamato: Mar-san, turn towards me.
Margit: D-Do not call me--Mnn! Mmm!
*I turned her back towards me and kissed her again.*
*Saliva dripped from her mouth.*
Margit: Kh, ah... Mn... *smack, slurp, gulp*
Chris: Ah! Mar-san, no fair!
Yamato: I have some for you too. *slurp*
Chris: Ahhhm... *smack, slurp, gulp*...
Margit: Frau Chris... Such audacity.
*As I rolled my fingers against Mar-san's hardening nipples, I whispered,*
Yamato: But it tastes so good.
Margit: ...Ooh... Ah... Th-That cannot be.
Chris: Yes, Yamato's is wonderfully delicious.
Yamato: Have some more. Mmm...
Margit: Mn... Mmm... *lick, slurp*
*I groped and kneaded her boobs as I made her drink my saliva.*
Margit: *slurp*... *slurp*... *smack, gulp, gulp*
Yamato: How was it?
Margit: Ooh, I-I don't know... My mind is, mnn, slowing down...
*Chris's soft caresses were working their magic.*
Yamato: Mar-san, let me drink yours too. Mnn.
Margit: Nmm... Hah... Mn... *slurp, suck*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp, gulp*
Margit: *slurp, smack, slurp*... Pwah.
Yamato: Mnn, it tastes wonderfully sweet, Mar-san.
Margit: I told you not to call me--Mnaahh!
Yamato: Do you see now how good this feels?
Margit: I still... cannot comprehend it... Mnn.
Yamato: Then I'll go for your ass... There.
Margit: ......!!!
*Before Mar-san could say anything, I went and pinched her ripe, plump ass.*
Margit: Mnn! Ah, ah, stop! Not my butt! Ah!
*Her tight backside wiggled before my eyes.*
Chris: It is so rare to see you panic... Eigh!
Margit: Kwah... M-My breasts... You must stop, Frau Chris.
*Chris went after her tits; me, her ass.*
Margit: Kh... Heh, my body... It's getting hot.
*I scooped her butt cheeks up in my hands.*
Margit: Kh... Heh... Mn... Huff, huff...
*And as I stroked them, I spread them apart.*
Margit: Aiee?!
*Before my eyes twitched Mar-san's pink asshole.*
Margit: Yah! No... Ahh...
Yamato: Is being watched turning you on?
Margit: Of course n--Fwah!
*I crawled my tongue along her outstretched behind.*
Margit: You... W-Will not lick me!
*As I moistened her butt with saliva, I poked her asshole with my fingers.*
Margit: Mnah, ah, huff... Mn... S-Stop. Mnahh!
Chris: So this is your girly voice... Eigh, eigh!
Margit: Fwah. F-Frau Chris!
*Chris, with the aid of the non-alcohol, was giving me strong support.*
Yamato: Then I'll put it in your butt.
Margit: Ah! That's impossible! Mnph!
Yamato: ...Then you'll have to do something about my Johnny, because it's ready for a fight.
*I shoved it in her face.*
Margit: --!
Yamato: Let it in there.
Chris: Heheh. Mar-san, it tastes good too.
Margit: That can't possibly be--Amph, mm!
*I stuck my tip, which was already overflowing with precum, into her mouth.*
Chris: Mar-san, be sure not to bite.
*The thick precum broth spread through her mouth.*
Margit: Mmmph! Mmn... Mm.
Yamato: Drink, and you'll know how tasty it is.
Margit: ... *gulp*... *gulp*... Mn... *gulp*
*Helpless to do otherwise, she began slurping up my precum.*
Chris: Mm... Yamato... Then I will go... behind her.
*Drunk, she boldly buried her face in my ass.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*... Delicious.
*Then began to lick my asshole.*
Margit: --!
*--30 minutes later.*
Margit: Mnn, heh, ooh... *smack* mnkh... *gulp*
Chris: *lick*... *lick, lick* mnn...
*Chris's anal ministrations caused an endless flow of precum to spill into and moisten Mar-san's mouth.*
Margit: Mn... *slurp*... Mnkh... *gulp*... Mnkh.
*Mar-san seemed to enter a daze, as if her mind was focusing on nothing but drinking my man-juice.*
*Maybe that was thanks to how I persistently continued to feel up her bouncing boobies.*
Yamato: I'm shooting my first load, Mar-san.
*I clutched her head to make sure she'd drink it all.*
Margit: Mnnph?! Mngh! Mn, mmmm!
*The sensation of having my dick rammed down her throat startled her.*
*Spew, spurt, spurt...*
Margit: ...?! Mmm, ngh... Mn! Mm!
Yamato: Kh... Go ahead and drink it all up, Mar-san.
Margit: Mngh...! Gh... Mnkh... *gulp*... *gulp*...
*She drank the semen I'd ejaculated into the back of her throat.*
Yamato: Thank you, Mar-san. *pat pat* So let's keep going.
Margit: Mnn... *cough, cough*.,.. I-It's so thick...
Yamato: Chris, thanks for licking me. Can you back into that position?
Chris: Roger that. Mar-san, hah!
Margit: *cough* ...Wah! Frau Chris...
Chris: Was is not delicious?
Margit: The flavor was... I do not know, but my body feels so hot.
Chris: Hm, we need one last push. Charge!
Margit: Frau Chris, please, come to your senses--Ah?!
*I started sucking on Mar-san's ass from behind.*
Yamato: Kiss, slurp, lick*... *smack*
Margit: Hau, ah! Fwah, oooh?!
*Enthralled, I sucked on her already wet virgin slit.*
Margit: Fwah, ahhhh... Ah, you're sucking on it? ...Ah!
*Shivers ran through her body.*
Margit: You will stop--Mn, ah... Ah, fwah...
*It felt like her labia were sucking on my lips.*
Margit: ...Kh, ooh... Mnah, ah...
Chris: Wow, Mar-san. You must be enjoying that.
Margit: N-No, I simply don't know how to respond to being licked down--Hah, kwah...
*When I stuck out my tongue and licked her clitoris, she shuddered with what had to be her strongest reaction yet.*
Margit: Kweh, auu, heh, ah... Ahh, ah...
*Next I carefully stimulated the area around her pussy.*
Margit: You're a boy... Yet I am powerless before you?
*I loved the firm plop sound her ass made when I pressed my face against it.*
Margit: Ah, ah, stop making sound... Mnaahhh!
*My mouth became moist both with my own saliva and with Mar-san's love juice.*
Yamato: Yours is amazingly wet. You must be feeling good.
Chris: Mar-san, your cheeks are so beautifully red...
Margit: Huff, huff. I-If you are going to do something, then you will do it already!
Yamato: Now, now, no need to be hasty. *lick, lick* *lick, lick*...
Margit: Kweh... Ah, your tongue is moving so vulgarly--Ah!
*I opened up her pussy and licked the flesh inside.*
Margit: Ahh... Mn, ahh... Ah! ...F-Frau Chris, not my breasts again--Ah!
*I tasted her thick, virgin love juice.*
Yamato: You're starting to move your hips on your own...
Margit: Th-That cannot be... Am I moving unconsciously?
Yamato: Don't be so stunned. I mean, all it means is that you're enjoying it.
*I rested my rock-hard dick against her slit.*
Margit: Huh? Th-That's...
Yamato: Let's go... Mar-san, I'm making you a woman.
*Then I slowly inserted my glans into her pussy.*
Margit: Ah, ahhh...
*I felt the resistance of her hymen.*
*But I stabbed right through it.*
Margit: Kwah... ! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: ...Are you all right, Mar-san?
Margit: Kh, ooh... I'm fine... But.
Chris: I hope this makes things even a bit easier... Eigh! (She squeezed Mar-san's chest.)
Margit: It hurts, but it's so warm... Kh, ah!
Margit: Mmph, you're advancing into me... Ah, ahhh!
*Thanks to making her wet beforehand, I smoothly slid into her.*
Margit: Huff, mn... Huff, it's going wild... inside me...
*Deep inside her, my penis shook with the pleasure of her pussy's tight grip.*
Chris: Mar-san... Your expression is so adult.
Margit: Kh, hey, what are you calling pleasant? The pain is far greater than the pleasure. Though it isn't more than I can bear...
Yamato: Don't worry. It'll feel better soon. No -- I'll make it better.
*They say that each vagina is unique in how it holds a cock, but Mar-san's felt exactly like Chris's.*
*Which meant that her G-spot should be in the back too...*
Margit: Mnkh?! Ah... Ah, you're moving? ...Mnph.
*I continued to move my hips while savoring the feeling of conquest I got from fucking her from behind.*
Margit: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, mmm, mm.
*When I moved through her outermost regions, she barely responded.*
*Next, I'd try deeper thrusts.*
Margit: Huff, mn, ah?! Y-You're so deep!
Chris: Wow. Mar-san, you look like you are in ecstasy.
Yamato: I knew it'd be here. All right, stick your butt out more.
*I pulled at her beautiful ass so I could thrust even deeper.*
Margit: Haahhh! Ah, gh, you're so rough...
*I thrust away while enjoying the passionate squeeze of her inner walls.*
Margit: What is this...? It hurts, but it feels so good.
Yamato: See, you're used to it already... Whoa, awesome. You're getting even tighter.
Chris: Once you are fully used to it, it will feel even better, Mar-san.
Yamato: How's it feel for Chris to watch you become a woman?
Margit: ...Ooh... It's embarrassing, of course.
Chris: You are so cute, Mar-san... I could not ask for a better sister.
*As we moved our mouths, I never stopped moving our hips.*
Margit: Mnah, kh, I don't want to scream, and yet... Ahhh!
Chris: Let us hear your moans, Mar-san. Do not hold back.
Margit: F-Frau Chris... Kweh, ooh, ahhh...
Yamato: I think your insides might be used to me. Mmph!
*I sped up my thrusts, pressing my glans deep inside her.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, ahhhh... Haaahhhh...
*Her previously-virgin walls were hot; they undulated and clung tightly to my penis as I fucked her.*
Margit: Frau Chris, pinching my nipples is too much for me to -- Fwah!
*As Chris attacked her too, all traces of pain disappeared from Mar-san's voice.*
Yamato: How is it, Mar-san? Feels good, right?
Margit: Huff, huff, huff, huff, kh... Ooh.
Yamato: Do you want me to stop going deep?
Margit: Mnah, ahhh...! Kh!
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good to be fucked?
Margit: Hahhn, ah, ah... Haahh!
Margit: Kh, ooh... I cannot believe... A boy... Is turning me on.
Yamato: I feel incredible. Like I'm going to go crazy.
Yamato: That's because your body is so amazingly hot.
Margit: ...Naoe... Yamato.
Chris: Yeah... Mar-san, you are not on a mission.
Chris: So do not force yourself. Ask for whatever you would like.
Chris: I felt amazing when he did that to me.
Margit: ...Frau Chris.
Yamato: I'll ask one more time. Mn, kh, how was that?
*I bashed my hips into hers.*
Margit: Ah, ahh... Mnah, mnah... Huff... I-It feels... Wonderful.
Yamato: Okay, great. Then I'll keep doing it!
Chris: Did saying it make you feel at ease? Relax your muscles.
Margit: Frau Chris... Fwah, ahh, you're so rough, so suddenly...
*I gazed at the enchanting sight of Mar-san's wiggling ass as I accelerated my thrusts.*
Margit: Mnah, ahh, Y-Yamato, your thing is t-touching me... Kwah, ah, ahhh!
*Her asshole twitched, tempting me.*
Margit: Hah, ah! Mnnn... Mnah, th-there feels so good... Kh, ahhh!
Yamato: So here, right in the back?!
Margit: Fwaahhh! Yes, there feels so... Wah!
Yamato: You're such an amazingly cute girl when you're honest.
Margit: ...Ah...
*Her internal mucous membranes tightened around me.*
Yamato: I'll fuck you even deeper, so raise your butt.
Margit: ...Mmn...
*She thrust up her hips, just like Chris would.*
*Though actually, I felt like she'd fallen faster than Chris.*
Yamato: Then here we go. Chris, follow my lead.
Chris: All right. I will focus on her breasts!
Margit: Mmn, mm... Fwah, incredible... Ahhhh!
*As I continued to piston deep into her, shudders coursed through her alabaster-skinned body.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, ahhh, kh, this feels so good...
*Sweat beaded erotically on her back.*
Yamato: Mm... Mar-san... The way your boobs jiggle is so sexy.
Chris: But as a knight, I swear my fingers will not leave your nipples!
*It was fair to say that Chris was drunk off her ass.*
Yamato: Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!)!
Margit: Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
*I held my glans against her womb's entrance, ground against it.*
Margit: Hahhh, mnaahhh, haahhh...
*As I continued to aim for that point, her walls began to constrict around me.*
Margit: Ahhh, ah, ah, I'm... Ah!
Chris: Let me see you cum, Mar-san.  (She pinched her nipples.)
Margit: Kweh... Ah, ahah, mnn, I-I'm going to...
Yamato: You're so tight. I'm going to ejaculate, Mar-san!
*Spuuurrrrt!*
Margit: Aaaahhhhhhhh!
Margit: Huff, it's so hot... Kh...
Yamato: Huff, huff... Mar-san... Mnn.
Margit: It's coming... Into me... Kh, mnn.
Margit: Ah, ahhh... So this is sex...
*Her pussy filled with my semen, I pulled out.*
Margit: Aww...
Chris: Yamato... Next... Do me.
Yamato: I know. I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
Yamato: ...It looks like you're plenty wet.
Chris: Of course I am, after seeing Mar-san's face and hearing her cries... Mnn.
*My cock hadn't lost its hardness. I inserted it into Chris.*
Chris: Kwah... Mnnn... It is amazingly hot.
*My dick, coated in Mar-san's love juice, now slid into Chris.*
Margit: Huff... Huff... Huff... Aiee?!
Yamato: This hole's next, so we have to loosen it up.
Margit: N-No... N-Not there...
Yamato: If I don't make your backdoor feel good, I won't have proven my point.
Margit: Stop, don't tease my ass... Ah, ahh... Ah!
Chris: Ahh... Ahh, Yamato, your thing feels so good...
Chris: Kh, heh... Ah, Yamato... Yamato.
Chris: I am cumming already...
*Chris quickly fell into the convulsions of orgasm.*
*I was sensitive after having just came, so I quickly reached my limit for the second time.*
*After churning through Chris's just-orgasmed walls...*
Yamato: Mar-san, lift up your butt... Mnph.
Margit: Ahh, not so fast! Kwahhh!
*I shoved my dick into her pussy and ejaculated the moment I reached her deepest depths.*
Margit: Ahhhh! You came as soon as you entered me! Fwah!
*I let Chris turn me on, and only ejaculated into Mar-san.*
Yamato: Chris, one more round... Mnph!
Chris: Ah, Yamato, amazing, mmn! Ah, ah, ah!
*After giving Chris her fill of pleasure...*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Mar-san!
Margit: Fwah... Ahhh! Kwah!
*Once my cock reached its limit, I switched to Mar-san and spilled my seed into her.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, you're showering my deep insides with your cum again! Fwaaahhh...
*The spray of cum all gushed towards her womb.*
Yamato: I know Chris likes the point-blank womb cum shower... Feels good, doesn't it?
Margit: Huff, huff, huff... I'm going crazy.
Yamato: But we haven't even started the main event... There.
Margit: Hah! Wh-What are you doing to my butt?
Yamato: We need lots of lotion, you know, to get you ready.
Chris: That makes it not hurt, Mar-san!
*I put plenty of lotion on her ass and on my dick.*
Yamato: There is a bit of a learning curve, but... Let's go.
Margit: S-Stop... Kh. My hips are too numb... Ah, I can't move...
*I touched my glans against her quivering asshole.*
Margit: Ugh!
Yamato: Time to take your anal virginity.
*Little by little, I thrust into her.*
Margit: Gh... Mnph! Ah?! ...Fwah, huff...
*With a squelch, my glans spread open her asshole.*
Margit: Kwah?! Ah, ah, ahh...
*I'd buried my glans entirely inside her ass.*
*Her entrance was as tight as I'd hoped.*
Margit: ...Ugh... Ooh, kh! Nngh...
*A true soldier, she was holding out through sheer force of will.*
Yamato: It'll start feeling good soon. Relax your muscles.
Chris: He's right. Clenching down just makes it hurt more. You need to relax as he thrusts, and clench as he exits.
Margit: Mnkh, ah... Ooh... R-Relax...
*She followed Chris's advice and relaxed.*
Yamato: Then I'll go all the way in.
*I soothingly caressed her butt cheeks, which were trembling from the stimulation.*
Yamato: Mm... *squelch, push, shove*
Margit: Ah...! Huff... Huff, your hot dick is... coming inside... my butt... Ugh.
*I'd pushed it all the way in.*
*Had thrust into her virgin asshole.*
*It felt moist.*
Yamato: Then I'll move... And I'll move slowly, so don't worry.
Margit: Kh, I don't mind... Move how you like, mnph. This is nothing.
*Her inner membranes squirmed about.*
Margit: But at present, this truly only hurts... Mnn.
*Slowly but steadily, I pulled back.*
Margit: Fwaahh?! Ah, ahhh... Fwah?!
Yamato: Doesn't this part feel good? Chris loves it.
Chris: Yes... Goodness, I blush just thinking about it.
*And then I thrust all the way back in.*
Margit: Kweh... Ooh... You're back inside me.
*She clenched her anus, increasing the stimulation.*
Margit: Haah, ooh... Mn, mmph! Ooh, mn, ahn...! Such pressure!
Margit: Fwah... Ahh... I feel like I'm on fire... Mmnph!
*Mar-san must have been melting in the pleasure.*
*I moved as slowly as I could, trying to loosen her up.*
Margit: Heh, hah... Ah, mnn, ah... Hah... It's strange, but my lower body is tingling...
Margit: Mnkh, huff, huff, I'm feeling better and better, mnph!
Yamato: You've gotten used to it. You have a body that likes anal.
Margit: Kweh, ah... Mnn... I do not, mnph, appreciate that.
*She slowly grew loose, and it became easier for me to move.*
Margit: Ahh... Wah, ahah... Ah, mnn, s-so rough... Huff, huff!
*I slapped my hips against her sweaty ass.*
Margit: Mnah, ah! Y-You're so deep, in such an embarrassing location... Mnaahhh...
*Then I ground my hips, stimulating her more.*
Margit: Fwah?! Kh, ahhh! Mnnnnph!
Yamato: ...Ugh, I'm about to cum.
Margit: Huh? Y-You are? In my butt...?!
Yamato: Yeah, in the deepest part of you I can.
Chris: Yamato, at moments like this, is just so merciless.
Margit: Kweh, ah... Ah, ah, ah, ah!
*I shoved myself deep into her ass and ejaculated.*
*Though this was round 2, I still fired off a huge load.*
Margit: Ah... Ahh... Fwah, ah... You're cumming inside me.
*Even as I ejaculated, her insides and her anus continued to squeeze me hard.*
*Which felt so good that I fell into a trance and swung my hips.*
Margit: Ahh, ahhh, you're moving? Kwah, mn, mnnnph!
*It was decently easy to move, so I shoved myself into her.*
Margit: Mnaahhh! Ah, ahhhhhh!
Margit: Ooh, ahhhhhh! Ahh, mnph! I-If you do me, ahh, like that, I'll...
Margit: A-Aiee, ahhh, kh, I'm cumming from my...
Yamato: Cum, Mar-san. Cum from anal.
Margit: Kh, fwah, ahhh! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Mnah, I'm cumming again!
*I churned through her insides.*
Margit: Fwah...?! Kh, ugh! Ahhh! ...Ah!
Chris: Mar-san... You came...
*Spurt! Spew! Spurrrrt!*
Margit: Mmph... Again... So deep. Ahhh!
*Mar-san shuddered as my semen entered her.*
Yamato: Well...? Do you understand how good it feels?
*I yanked my dick out of her sticky anal embrace.*
Margit: Fwah! Mn... Ah, ahh...
Margit: That... Was incredible. *Thud!*
*She crumpled to the floor.*
*.........*
Margit: Zzz...
*She slept soundly on the floor under a blanket we'd wrapped around her.*
Chris: *smack*... *lick*... *slurp*. Goodness. Yamato, you spent way too much time with Mar-san. *lick*
*Sulked Chris with jealousy as she gave me head.*
Chris: However... Thank you... *smack, lick*. When we took a shower together earlier... *lick*...
Chris: *smack* Pwah, she said she was glad that you treated her as a woman. *lick*
Yamato: Mn, kh... Did she now?
Chris: Mar-san has had to act so manly to make it as far as she has. And with her dignified looks, she is somewhat handsome. *slurp* *lick*
Chris: And as a military woman, I can see why she would like being treated like a girl.
Chris: But that does not make me any less jealous over how you ignored me! *lick*
Yamato: All right. Then how about I give you a love shower?
Chris: *lick, smack, slurp, slurp*
*I took my penis out of her mouth and shot one last load onto her face.*
Chris: Kwah, mnn, it's so hot... On my face... Pwah.
Chris: Mnn... Time to clean... *slurp* *lick, lick*
Chris: Mnn... *slurp* After all, now you have only me to focus on.
Yamato: That's just what I want. My Johnny doesn't know the meaning of the word 'limp'.
Chris: Mnn, that is good to hear... *slurp, smack*
Chris: *smack, lick* mnn... *lick, lick*...
*Chris happily licked away.*
*But that was a mission complete.*
*...Later, when Mar-san regained consciousness...*
*She rushed out the door, her cheeks bright red.*
*Pausing only to say that, when we next met, she would be her usual, soldiery self.*
*That was just like her.*
Margit: ...The two are extremely close. Their shared apartment is a love nest.
Margit: That concludes my report.
Chris's Father: ..It is smooth sailing for them, then?
Chris's Father: Though I have nothing but heartfelt gratitude for Chris's growth...
Chris's Father: I do not want to see her become pregnant.
Chris's Father: And isn't theirs a life of frugality and restriction?
Chris's Father: ...Argh. Then I...
Chris's Father: I will have to return to Japan myself!
Suguru: ...This! Yes, this!
Suguru: Finally, at long last, the dogfight PvP game that truly brings the fighter pilot experience to life is being demo'ed in our very city.
Suguru: Moro, come. We must play co-op.
Takuya: Sure... Wow, the cabinet is even built like a cockpit.
Suguru: Wonderful, isn't it? Such verisimilitude must be demanded from modern games.
Suguru: All right, this craft shall suffice. Oogushi Suguru, taking off in the Black Zed.
Takuya: I'll pick this one. Morooka Takuya, flying the Ryuuga.
Takuya: Hmm, the controls feel so... Intense. It's really fun.
Suguru: Hahaha! The enemy tanks are defenseless before our aerial superiority!
Takuya: You're really getting into it... Hm? Someone's challenging us, Suguru.
Suguru: They dare levy a challenge against us? We must teach them their rightful place.
Chris's Father: I see, this is a most interesting video game, designed to allow one to enjoy the feel of a genuine fighter jet.
Chris's Father: Frank Friedrich, taking off in the Nightingale.
Umeko: Titania, ready for launch.
Chris's Father: Apologies for insisting you spend your free time with me.
Umeko: I don't mind. I do enjoy these games, on occasion.
Umeko: And most of all, I can think of no better medicine for two of my students playing video games at an arcade this late at night...
Umeko: Than to give them a painful defeat in their own game!
Suguru: You could have lived a long life, but if you hadn't challenged us!
Chris's Father: You will need to do better than that.
Suguru: ...What?! You dodged that?!
Takuya: Incoming! I'll shoot them down!
Suguru: You are panicking, Moro! Fall back!
Takuya: They dodged my missile strike?
Umeko: I know well enough to fear the anger of a gentle man, Morooka!
Takuya: Huh? That voice -- are you Ms. Ume?
Chris's Father: Now it's my turn. Go, my missiles!
Takuya: Wah! I've been shot down!
Suguru: What is that golden craft, the one able to lay Moro low in but an instant?
Umeko: Your movements are slow and sloppy, Oogushi!
Suguru: You would bob straight towards me, you thrice-damned 3D teacher?!
Umeko: Accept your defeat and go home!
Suguru: Why? Because an adult demands it?!
Chris's Father: Yes! You have no right to disobey an adult's demands!
Chris's Father: It is right and just for children to obey their parents!
Suguru: Leave us alone! Thinking like that is what makes youths more coddled and unfit for adult society!
Chris's Father: I have you now! Fire!
Suguru: Ngaaahhhhhhh!
Takuya: ...Aww, we lost.
Suguru: Curses. What was that damned jet? No novice could have managed that.
Suguru: Wait -- you truly are no novice. You are a professional soldier!
Chris's Father: Sorry for intruding on your play.
Chris's Father: But there is something I would like to ask of Morooka-kun.
Takuya: Huh? Friedrich-san, you want to talk to me?
Chris's Father: Word is that you have a deep understanding of Yamato-kun's psyche.
Chris's Father: So would you be so kind as to convince him to give up on Chris?
Takuya: Me? Persuade him?
Chris's Father: You see, I would rather Yamato-kun return to Kawakami Academy.
Chris's Father: He has potential to be a skilled politician.
Chris's Father: To abandon his studies would be to waste his talent.
Chris's Father: If he were to set aside this... 'tryst' endorsing his return to the Academy would be but the first thing I would do on his behalf.
Chris's Father: That is the best course for him. It is his destiny.
Takuya: I don't mean to be rude, but what you're saying doesn't make any sense.
Takuya: I believe you choose your own destiny!
Takuya: I respect Yamato's decision.
Chris's Father: Even if you believe it to be wrong?
Takuya: It would still be what he wants.
Chris's Father: But doesn't a true friend point out his friend's faults?
Takuya: If his life was falling to pieces, then I would, but...
Takuya: But I believe he can establish a happy life for them both.
Takuya: If anything, I'm jealous of how much he can do for the girl he loves.
Takuya: So as you can see, you're asking the wrong person. Goodbye.
Chris's Father: ...Hmm.
Umeko: How did it go?
Chris's Father: This may be trickier than I anticipated.
Umeko: I see... I would welcome Naoe Yamato's return to school, but...
Chris's Father: Thank you for referring me to his friend.
Umeko: Oh, I was simply fulfilling my duties as their instructor.
Umeko: Please call me if anything else happens. Take care.
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun... Even though you dropped out of school...
Chris's Father: ...Your friends and teachers still show you such respect.
Chris's Father: Now, what should I do...
Yamato: What? Chris's father is in Japan?
Takuya: Yeah, and I think he wants to do something about you.
Yamato: ...Shit.
Yamato: All right, I'll be as careful as I can.
Takuya: Good... And your life together was going so well, too.
Yamato: You said it. Can't he just leave us alone?
*--Meanwhile, in Nanahama.*
Frank: This is quite the fancy place for us to meet.
Prime Minister: Heard you were stayin' here.
Prime Minister: I love it. Love feelin' the sea breeze as I'm chatting.
Frank: And what is it you want to discuss?
Prime Minister: Saying this to Germany's grand hero don't sit right, but...
Prime Minister: The way you're lookin' down on Japan, I gotta put my foot down.
Prime Minister: We don't take too kindly to a foreign military having the run of our country.
Frank: Germany and Japan share: a smoke bomb?!
Prime Minister: Tch!
Terrorist A: Frank Friedrich!
Terrorist B: You'll be coming with us.
Frank: So the fiends are after me... Sorry for the trouble.
Prime Minister: Seems a bit too intense for a Candid Camera moment.
Prime Minister: But to attack in broad daylight... What's security doin'?
Terrorist D: Oh, it'd be cruel to blame your guards.
Terrorist E: After all, we have him on our side. By himself, he's strong enough to neutralize your feeble country's security forces.
Peach Kid: UGH... SO DULL!
*He'd defeated them all with his bare fists.*
Frank: He has a peach tattoo on his face... Could it be? Are you the infamous Peach Kid?
Prime Minister: Heh. Ain't heard of any punks like that.
Frank: He is a legendary assassin in the Chinese underworld.
Prime Minister: Well, ain't that somethin'.
Terrorist D: We'd never dare to try to seize a man of your caliber, Frank, without someone like him on our side.
Prime Minister: They're well-armed. Whoever's backing them must be big.
Terrorist C: Now get in this car.
Frank: You didn't anticipate this?
Prime Minister: Info suggested somethin' was stirrin', so I had Naicho send their best as bodyguards.
Frank: Would it be possible to buy me some time? My elite subordinate will be here in one minute.
Terrorist B: Hurry, before a KAWAKAMI gets here.
Terrorist A: I know. Come on, get in.
Shakadou: Whew. I finally found me a job that pays.
Prime Minister: So they did send Shakadou. Good.
Peach Kid: WHO'S THIS? WHEN DID YOU--?!
Shakadou: Look, this's just a gig. They ain't pay'n for my insurance so I'll make 'tis quick and painless... for me.
Peach Kid: BASTARD!
Shakadou: Yo! Scorpion Strike!
Peach Kid: GWAAAHH?!
Shakadou: Sorry, but y'gonna spend the rest of your life gettin' tube-fed.
Terrorist B: He defeated Peach Kid? In one blow? Impossible! This can't be!
Terrorist A: Only a KAWAKAMI, or one of their assistant masters, should be able to--
Shakadou: Oh, you talkin' to'n ex-assistant master here. Sucks t'be you.
Prime Minister: Ooh, I like your gun. Mind if I borrow it?
Terrorist C: Huh?
Prime Minister: Hutt!
Terrorist A: Tch!
Terrorist B: Y-You son of a--!
*They pointed their guns at the Prime Minister.*
*--But too late.*
*The Prime Minister had already dove into an evasive roll.*
Terrorist A: Gwah. I-In... concei... vable...
Terrorist B: Y-You're too fast... Gah!
Prime Minister: Should've neutralized me from the start.
Frank: Your sharpshooting is incredible. Well done.
Prime Minister: Oh, that ain't nothing. I'm just a fan of GoGo 13.
Terrorist E: Tch. Retreat!
Prime Minister: Mn, escaping? But at this range... Yeah.
Prime Minister: Got me a spare clip here. Take this!
Shakadou: Nice shot, but that ain't happenin'...
Prime Minister: Damn, the tires are bulletproof?
Frank: Would you allow us to handle the rest?
Frank: --Margit, come in.
Margit: I have their scent. There is no mistaking the stench of terrorists.
Frank: Good. Go hunting. I want them crippled.
Margit: Yes, sir.
Shakadou: Wow, ain't she a gallant lass.
Frank: I have unleashed the Hound. They will not be free for long.
Prime Minister: Good. Give them their just deserts.
Prime Minister: So, Gyoubu Shakadou of Naicho.
Prime Minister: Thanks. Owe you one.
Shakadou: Nah, I ain't with Naicho no more. Government work wasn't my style.
Prime Minister: What are you doing now?
Shakadou: After I got kicked outta the Temple some big shots picked me up, but that got dull. Now I'm doin' this dojo-ish thing. Damn, all that sounds pretty shitty.
Bodyguard: Prime Minister, we're terribly sorry. Are you hurt?
Prime Minister: Nothin' worth cryin about, though there go my favorite pants. More worried about you, honestly.
Frank: ...Hmm. So there is grit to be found in Japan.
Prime Minister: Huh? You say something?
Frank: To be frank, I thought you Japanese were drunk on peace, had lost your nerve, and were sly at that.
Prime Minister: No denying things ain't perfect, but that don't mean there ain't still some good apples.
Prime Minister: The grittiest sons of Japan are still samurai to the bone.
Shakadou: Samurai, eh? I like the sound of that. It's somethin' every man wants t'be.
Frank: Samurai...
Frank: If Yamato-kun is a samurai...
Chris: --Yes, this is rather good.
Chris: I have certainly learned my way about the kitchen.
Chris: I am certain Yamato will enjoy this.
Chris: After all, we cannot live on inari sushi forever.
Chris: Hmm, Yamato should be home soon.
*She heard a knock at the door.*
Chris: Welcome home!
Chris's Father: I'm home, my lovely daughter.
Chris: ...Father.
Chris's Father: I have come for one last talk.
Chris's Father: Could I come in? I am alone.
Chris: ......
Chris: Come.
Chris's Father: Thank you.
Chris's Father: ...This is rather cramped.
Chris: Soda? You always do like sugary foods.
Chris's Father: Oh, yes. Please.
Chris: Here.
Chris's Father: ...Thank you.
Chris: What about your soldiers?
Chris's Father: Japan's Prime Minister himself chastised me for using them so openly.
Chris's Father: So today, I am here alone.
Chris: Alone? But that is dangerous.
Chris's Father: Am I worrying you? Sorry.
Chris: ......
Chris's Father: ...You look a bit more mature, Chris.
Chris: Thank you very much.
Chris's Father: ...However...
Chris's Father: Your fingers that were once as smooth and white as icefish have grown calloused.
Chris: That is such a little thing. It does not bother me.
Chris's Father: And your clothes -- they are the same ones you wore last year.
Chris's Father: Haven't you always enjoyed looking fancy in new clothes?
Chris: ......
Chris's Father: I am overjoyed, from the bottom of my heart, at how you have adapted to life on your own.
Chris's Father: But you need not burden yourself with such strife at such a tender age.
Chris's Father: Set aside your stubborn pride and come back to me.
Chris: ......
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun is doing his best, but he lacks the ability to buy you clothes and makeup.
Chris's Father: And what if you were to fall ill?
Chris's Father: You must have had your fill of this life. Come home.
Chris: I cannot.
Chris's Father: You would disobey your father?!
Chris: ...?!
Chris: ...Yes.
Chris's Father: What?
Chris: I will disobey you!
Chris's Father: Chris...
Chris: I do not care if my hands grow calloused and I do not mind wearing old clothes -- I simply want to stay by Yamato's side.
Chris: ...No. If I am being honest with myself, I do want new clothes.
Chris: But I believe Yamato will become a bigger man, a richer man! That he has a future!
Chris: As poor as we are now, I believe in him!
Chris: And that belief will see us through!
Chris's Father: And if he fails?
Chris: Even so... No matter where life takes us...
Chris: I want to be with the man I love. It is as simple as that.
Chris's Father: Even though that burdens you with trials you detest?
Chris: This is the path I chose when I rebelled against you.
Chris: I will not complain about the obstacles I must face on this route.
Chris: I am not so weak as that!
Chris's Father: But how will you deal with an illness?
Chris: Yamato's saving money to buy us insurance.
Chris: There will be instability until then, but in a true emergency, we can rely on his parents.
Chris's Father: You would beg for aid?
Chris: They see nothing wrong with giving money to help their sick son. I would rather have that available then to have no plan at all.
Chris's Father: So even in poverty, you've found happiness?
Chris: Yes. So I have no intentions of going back to Germany, no matter what you may order!
*Her gaze was unwavering, looking directly at her father's eyes.*
Chris's Father: ...I see...
Chris's Father: Chris, well said.
Chris: ...?
Chris's Father: You have never once stood up me by yourself.
Chris's Father: There was always someone by your side, until today.
Chris's Father: You have matured enough to speak your mind.
Chris: To walk the path you believe in is justice itself.
Chris: My feelings for you remain unchanged, but I will see my love for Yamato through.
Chris: And things would never have had to come to this if you had only accepted our relationship!
Chris's Father: ...You are so much stronger now. Truly.
Chris's Father: You are correct, Chris. In this regard, it was I who was immature.
Chris: Father...
Chris's Father: ...However!
Chris's Father: What if, despite being correct, you still cannot see your goal through?
Chris: Huh?
Chris's Father: It is madness, of course, for a just argument to nevertheless fail.
Chris's Father: But that madness has dominion over the Friedrich family. That is our curse. It will steer you, just as it did me!
Chris's Father: Chris, though you are in all aspects correct, I will take you back to Germany all the same!
Chris's Father: You may not become married or engaged until after you have turned twenty! That is the law!
Chris: You would drag me back by force?!
Chris's Father: Yes.
Chris: Even if you are the best fighter pilot in the world...
Chris: ...do not think you can subdue me in hand-to-hand combat!
Chris's Father: ...Much as Margit suppresses her power with her eyepatch...
Chris's Father: I too suppress my true strength, Chris.
Chris: What...?
Chris's Father: Mephistopheles!
Chris: What? Father, you turned young...?!
Chris's Father: The Rejuvenating Ultimate. An art perfected by Faust himself, though he wrote Mephistopheles as a demon, but in truth it is the name of the technique.
Chris: ...Your aura has so much pressure...
Chris's Father: Though I look older than my years, that is because I am conserving my strength, for emergencies such as this.
Chris's Father: Huh!
Chris: Kah?! You are so quick.
Chris's Father: Direct your anger, Chris, at our family's curse.
Chris's Father: ...Margit? It's me. Execute Operation 7 Stars.
Margit: 7 Stars?! Are you certain, sir?!
Margit: Lieutenant General, what sort of mission are you undertaking?
Chris's Father: One that requires me to play every card I have.
*......*
Yamato: ...They aren't attacking me.
*I'd really expected something to happen by now.*
*I must have gotten myself worried over nothing.*
*If anyone did attack, I had Nee-san for security.*
Yamato: Well, I'm sure Chris is waiting for me...
Yamato: ...?
*One look inside told me something was wrong.*
Yamato: Chris?!
*She's gone! W-Wait, what's going on?*
Yamato: Oh, there's a note.
Chris's Father: Yamato-kun, playtime is over and Chris must now return home to Germany. I don't blame you for any of this.
Chris's Father: You have talent, so forget Chris and focus on your studies. That is best for both of you. Respect the Friedrich House and give up on her.
Chris's Father: I trust you are smarter than to make the military your enemy. Farewell.
Yamato: What just happened? What sort of madman would go this far?
Yamato: I thought he'd go after me, not Chris!
*He'd barged into our house and taken Chris away...*
*...and swore to send her straight back to Germany.*
Yamato: Her father is a madman.
Yamato: And then saying I'm not to blame...
*Could I even challenge a man like him and win?*
*I...*
Give up on Chris
Don't give up on Chris
Yamato: ...I've come too far to give up now!
Yamato: But I can't do this alone.
*I'd need everyone's help.*
*--Emergency meeting.*
Yamato: So yeah, he took Chris!
Kazuko: What the heck? He needs to just stop!
Miyako: I'm pretty sure that counts as kidnapping.
Momoyo: So the plan's to take her back, right?
Yamato: Yeah. I'll pay for your flight, Nee-san.
Yamato: So come with me to Germany.
Momoyo: Sounds good to me! I've been itching for a fight.
Momoyo: It's good for a girl to get a few cracks in at the military.
Shouichi: You'd better believe I'm going there too! And I'll pay my own way!
Shouichi: There's no way I'm missing out on something this fun!
Yukie: Um, would you mind if I came too?!
Yukie: Chris-san is a dear friend, so...
Yukie: And I promise I'll be useful!
Momoyo: You've got ki for days... I knew you had it in you, Mayu-Mayu.
Kazuko: In that case, I wanna go too!
Kazuko: There's no better training than live combat, after all.
Miyako: Same. I want to keep Yamato safe.
Gakuto: Wait up, guys. How are we supposed to bring weapons through airport security?
Gakuto: We can't. Which means you need the king of bare-fisted brawls on your side: Me!
Gakuto: Her father has pissed me off! I'm goin' to kick his ass!
Takuya: And I want to support you as much as I can, so...
Shouichi: Sweet! Let's spend our three-day weekend blitzing Germany!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Takuya: ...So if we can get down to earth for a second, assuming we all have passports...
Takuya: How are we going to pay for airfare?
Kazuko: Uh... Y-Yeah! What do we do?!
Shouichi: So what're you guys' opinions on cargo ship containers?
Takuya: No way! Besides, illegal immigration takes too long to set up!
Miyako: Perfect comeback, Moro. 10 points.
Shouichi: Eh, that's just one option on the table.
Gakuto: Huh? You actually think that's an option?
Shouichi: Now's the best time to blow my Matsukaze fund!
Kazuko: Right! I forgot! That's the money from horse racing, right?!
Kazuko: Wait. Capt, are you sure?
Shouichi: I plan all along was to spend it going on a trip with you all.
Shouichi: And this sounds like the trip of a lifetime!
Takuya: Hmm. I looked up prices online, and flights to Germany are expensive.
Shouichi: Mngh. So you're sayin' the Matsukaze fund's not enough?
Takuya: Maybe this is the time to spend our stimulus money.
Shouichi: Oh right, that stuff. Wasn't the plan to save all that cash for the Family?
Takuya: I think we should use it now!
Shouichi: But me, my parents never went and handed me my share.
Gakuto: Same here... My mother never quite wanted to hand it over.
Miyako: ...Maybe I can find work in a manga cafe, or something.
Gakuto: I, too, will have to find quick work.
Yamato: Guys, I can't ask for you to go so--
Shouichi: They took one of us. That's all the reason I need!
Gakuto: For Chris, I will do whatever I can!
Miyako: ...Yamato, you would go all the way to Germany for the girl you love. That makes me love you even more.
Miyako: I want to do this. That's what I'm going.
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: And Chris can be... an idiot, but I don't hate that part of her.
Miyako: (Besides, if this fails, Yamato will be completely depressed. I can't miss that opportunity.)
Gakuto: No true man would falter here!
Yukie: Still, I never expected the handouts would prove this useful.
Shouichi: But now here we are, really flyin' halfway around the world to save our friend.
Cookie: The only question left is whether or not we can save her.
Shouichi: You'd better believe we can. I say we can, and that settles it.
Kazuko: Together, we're invincible!
Gakuto: Yeah. Through our strength combined, there's nothing we can't do!
Yamato: I couldn't ask for better friends... So it's off to Lubeck.
Cookie: ...Does anybody know German?
Shouichi: We'll figure something out with body language! Seriously!
Takuya: I'm almost scared how confident you are in that.
Cookie: But there's no guarantee.
Cookie 2: Which means...
Cookie 2: You must take me with you.
Yamato: How do we get you past the metal detectors?!
Cookie 2: Simply tell them I am a clock.
Yamato: They'll never believe that. You're way too big for a clock.
Cookie 2: ...Oh, is that all? You seem to be misunderstanding something.
Cookie 2: I am not proposing I take this form, but rather my multilingual third form.
Gakuto: What? You have a third form?!
Cookie 2: Behold: The myth! The legend! My third form!
Cookie 2: Haaaahh! Gh, grah, tadh, nngh, ghg, gwah!
*Cookie began to transform into an all-new form.*
Takuya: Wh-What's going to happen...?
Cookie 3: Hey y'all. I'm Cookie's third form.
Takuya: ...I'm sorry?
Cookie 3: In this compact form, my brain is even sharper.
Cookie 3: So yeah, you can count on me.
Shouichi: Are we sure about this?
Cookie 3: I am perfect. After all, I was built by the super-rich.
Cookie 3: I have been installed with every functionality imaginable.
Cookie 3: That's what happens when you're a rich man's robot. Heheheheh.
Yamato: That's twice now he's said that.
Takuya: This personality is kind of a jerk.
*--Nanahama City, Kuonji household.*
Miyuu: De Niro flew off?!
Miyuu: But why? What happened?
Yume: I didn't even know he could fly.
*--Back to the secret base in Kawakami City.*
Cookie 3: So I was originally based on this certain other robot.
Cookie 3: I have no idea who that is, but I'm pretty sure I'm better than them. Heheh.
Yukie: Do you know anything about them?
Cookie 3: They were made by this genius in a neighboring town. I'm supposed to rival them.
Cookie 3: But whoever they are, they'll have nothing on me.
De Niro: Hey, hey, hey!
Cookie 3: W-Wah?!
De Niro: So you're the source of the suspicious signal! Who died and gave you permission to look like me?!
Cookie 3: I-I've always looked like this!
De Niro: Lemme see your face.
Cookie 3: Y-You wanna fight? I was made by a really rich guy.
De Niro: You think I care, you impertinent bastard?!
De Niro: Get your shiny metal ass over here, and then we'll see which robot's on top!
Cookie 3: W-Wah! Save me!
De Niro: I'll break two or even three of your arms before we're done!
Takuya: But he doesn't have any arms!
Takuya: Whew, I finally got in my punchline.
Momoyo: Yeah, they weren't really giving us a chance to get in a word edgewise.
Yukie: What do we do? That other robot already took him away...
Takuya: Can't we let the robots handle things among themselves?
*And so we let them be.*
De Niro: So no more acting like big shot, got it?!
Cookie 3: Oooh...
De Niro: Then I'm going home! I'm sure Miyuu's worried about me!
*The strange little robot flew home.*
Takuya: Its flight capabilities are amazing, but it's shaped so...
Cookie 3: He's the neighboring robot.
Takuya: Wow, him? He's really violent.
Cookie 3: Did none of you even think to help me?
Yamato: I kind of assumed you could hold your own.
Cookie 3: I thought so too, but when I heard his voice, my body froze!
Yamato: Really? But...
Yamato: Couldn't you have switched back into your combat-capable second form?
Cookie 3: Uh...
Cookie 3: Dammit! If I ever see him again, I'm changing form and turning him into junk!
Cookie 3: But that can wait. For now, you can count on me in Germany.
*...I had my doubts.*
*But, well, even if I couldn't rely on him...*
*Everyone was helping out.*
*Wait for us, Chris!*
*--Germany.*
Special Soldier: I consider myself lucky to be chosen for this top-secret mission.
Margit: You will carry it out.
Special Soldier: Commence Operation Seven Stars!
Margit: (I never thought he would call for this...)
Special Soldier: I've always wondered, why is the name English?
Margit: ...Pay such minor things no heed.
*Outer space--*
*One satellite suddenly self-destructed.*
*It fell into the atmosphere in seven pieces.*
*Seven shooting stars.*
*Eventually, they all burned up.*
*The event was broadcast all over the world.*
*--Kenya.*
Nya-Nya: Ah! The seven shooting stars!
Nya-Nya: Mommy, there's seven shooting stars, so Nya-Nya has to go to Germany!
Nya-Nya's Mother: Make sure to fulfill your duty.
Nya-Nya: 'Kay! Then Nya-Nya will race cheetahs on her way there!
*The fastest girl in the world, who was practically born with springs in her legs, sprinted across the savanna.*
*--Russia.*
Sergei: O... OOH... SEVEN SHOOTING STARS?!
Sergei: I GO TO THE GERMANY NOW!
*The tallest giant in the world began to carry his 230-cm frame to Germany.*
*--Egypt.*
Mem XXIII: Shooting stars I sense above... Heh. So Germany calls for my divine fury.
Grave Robber: Whoa there. Heheheh. Mind showing me to all the treasure?
Mem XXIII: Mayest thou wander lost through time eternal...
Grave Robber: Huh? Hey! You bastard! What'd you do to me?!
Grave Robber: Wah! A-A giant antlion pit! Wahhh!
Mem XXIII: Mine illusory world will be thine unending hellscape.
*--Dubai.*
Announcer: The seven fragments look almost like shooting stars.
Misuma: Hmph. A summoning...? Well, I had been looking for a way to kill time.
Movie Star: *smack, smack, lick, smack*...
Misuma: Heheh. I have grown sick of money and women both.
Misuma: That's enough sucking on it. Move, bitch.
Movie Star: Eeek!
Misuma: My fists are the strongest in the world... Time to crack some knuckles.
*--Mexico.*
Ricardo: Seven shooting stars... We're being summoned to Germany?
Ricardo: Then who will face me, the bearer of the Eyes of God?
*--Japan.*
Shakadou: Huh? That military man's calling for us already?
Shakadou: Shit, I thought I'd have more time before bein' pressed into service.
Shakadou: ...Fuck me. I shoulda read the fine print.
*--Germany.*
Margit: And I am the seventh...
Margit: The Lieutenant General is clearly determined.
Gakuto: Let's go! To Germany!
Gakuto: ...Are we there yet?
Gakuto: Why does Germany have to be so far away?!
Kazuko: I was scared of flying at first, but we've been in this plane for so long that it's easy now!
Kazuko: I just wish Yamato would let me run laps in the aisles.
Kazuko: But no, all he does is stare at that map.
Yamato: I'm trying to think up an escape plan for if they block our air lane.
Kazuko: If they could do that, wouldn't they block off every kind of transportation?
Yamato: Wanko, since when have you thought up anything that intelligent and incisive?
*The most amazing thing about idiots was their occasional flashes of brilliance.*
Kazuko: You're letting yourself get too worked up.
Yamato: ...Maybe I am. But I need to consider every possibility.
Kazuko: You're worrying too much. Smoke's going to start coming out of your ears.
Gakuto: Mnnn, I'm bored.
Shouichi: Then it's time for me to bring up my best idea yet: The Mile High Tag Club!
Gakuto: Uh, even if I wanted to play, we can't start doing that in front of all the other passengers.
Takuya: It's an eleven hour flight to Germany. Just three more hours to go, Wanko.
Kazuko: But my body feels like it's dying.
Momoyo: *yawn* Now's the time to catch up on sleep, little sis.
Shouichi: Dude, you really sleep a lot.
Momoyo: I sleep like a log whenever I want to. That way, I have sleep saved up for when I need it.
Gakuto: I wish my body could do that. So what's the plan, Yamato?
Gakuto: Do we start crackin' heads the second we land in Germany?
Yamato: You do remember we have to take the train to Lubeck first, right?
Yamato: It's not far from the station. We can walk.
Shouichi: Then it's about time to work out a plan. Meeting time!
Yamato: All right. Moro, show us the picture.
Takuya: Okay. This is a photo of Chris's house.
Shouichi: Whoa! That's where she lives?!
Momoyo: Let me see... Ooh, that's on a pretty big scale. It looks like a castle.
Yukie: Amazing. And she grew up there?
Yamato: No wonder she was spoiled.
Momoyo: Wait. Mororo, how'd you get that picture?
Takuya: Oh, so I knew her address, so...
Takuya: I've been spending the past few days searching all over the Net, including the blogs of people who've visited Lubeck.
Takuya: It's really famous locally, and the exterior is something of a tourist spot. People post pictures of it pretty frequently.
Takuya: So I took the time to gather all this together.
Momoyo: Right, you're a real pro. So then... What's the plan?
Yamato: We walk in the front door and say we're there to talk.
Yamato: Namely, to talk about how much of a bastard he is and how he's going to give us back our Chris.
Yamato: I'll make it perfectly clear to him how badly he's underestimated us.
Takuya: That sounds badass, but... Isn't it too risky? Isn't there some way we could sneak in?
Shouichi: It's an old castle, but that security system looks awesome. Going that route feels wrong.
Shouichi: My instincts are telling me the full-on stealth route's out of the question.
Yamato: And I know we can trust your instincts to be right...
Yamato: Especially since we have no idea where Chris's room is in there.
Yukie: I'd expect him to keep his princess in the tallest tower...
Momoyo: Which means I know how this is playing out. With each floor we go up, we'll face someone even stronger. I can't wait.
Takuya: Could we please not turn this into a shounen manga?!
Yamato: Hopefully he'll listen to reason... But let's assume he won't.
Shouichi: Lemme make sure of one thing -- the goal here's to take back Chris and get us out of there quick, right?
Gakuto: If we have to fight, we'll be goin' up against the military.
Momoyo: But there's no avoiding that.
Momoyo: If things turn ugly, I'll take care of it. Heheh... I can feel the big fight coming.
Yamato: In the end, the problem's still Chris's father...
Yamato: What are the possible outcomes here? He's might not be at home.
Yamato: In that case we could grab back what we came for.
Yamato: Knock out the servants, but try not to injure them. Tie them up so they can't call for help.
Yamato: By the time he's realized what's happened, we'll be on the plane home.
Shouichi: Makes sense. We'd pretty much be doing to him what he did to us.
Yamato: We can't let things drag out. It's not my preferred method, but...
Yamato: What if someone manages to contact her father, and he sets up checkpoints on our route home?
Gakuto: I don't want to even think about that.
Yamato: We have to. I've heard too many stories of plans falling to pieces at the first sound of trouble.
Takuya: If that does happen, I think we might be screwed.
Momoyo: ...The Prime Minister's currently touring the West.
Momoyo: If we hide and then meet up with him while he's in Germany, that might get us a ride home.
Takuya: That's a grand plan all right. But why would he help us?
Momoyo: Because he used to be a disciple at the Temple. We're already on a first-name basis.
Takuya: Wait, what? You are?!
Momoyo: If I ask, he oughta at least give us a lift.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, isn't that supposed to be a secret?
Momoyo: He's long since graduated. There's nothing secret about it.
Momoyo: Though we don't usually go around telling everyone. Who knows what the press would say.
Kazuko: I mean, I'm always so nervous whenever he sneaks in to visit.
Gakuto: Every time I think I know everythin' about the Kawakami Temple, it finds a way to blow me away...
Miyako: However... It would still be difficult for even the Prime Minister to take Chris home.
Miyako: That would mean risking a war with Germany.
Takuya: Wow. If you ever break up, it could cause an international incident.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure you're exaggerating... Pretty sure.
Shouichi: What's the big deal? The bigger things get, the more fired up I am.
Yamato: We keep calling them the military, but we'll probably be up against Chris's father's private guards, by and large.
Momoyo: Miyako isn't wrong. We can take Kuri back to Japan, but Yamato and I would have to stay and talk things over with her old man, one last time.
Yamato: Yeah. We'd be resetting the status quo after what he did, which sets the grounds for negotiations.
Yamato: So let's move on to Case 2: Chris isn't even home.
Momoyo: Don't worry. I'll make sure I sense her aura before we cross the point of no return.
Momoyo: Plus, that'll tell us right where she is.
Shouichi: If Chris isn't there, then there's no point bringing in the muscle.
Yamato: If that happens, we'll ask the servants where Chris is.
Momoyo: Yeah. Next up is what if Chris's father is home.
Shouichi: That sounds the most likely out of any.
Yamato: Well like I said, we'll go in the front door. And if he won't meet with us, we'll bust down that door.
Momoyo: An all-out assault... We should expect reinforcements.
Yamato: That's fine, so long as he doesn't cut off all transportation out of there.
Yamato: Assuming he doesn't, we knock him unconscious, take him with us to the airport, and then leave him there.
Momoyo: That'll do it. By the time they find him, it'll be too late.
Takuya: He wouldn't be crazy enough to attack a commercial plane with a fighter jet, would he?
Yamato: No, not when Chris is on board too.
Kazuko: Then, if he does shut everything down, we're back to waiting on the Prime Minister?
Momoyo: Everything's starting to come together.
Yamato: Let's start considering more specific possibilities. First, if Margit...
*We spent the rest of the flight strategizing.*
*Wait for us, Chris. We're coming.*
*--Lubeck, Germany.*
Chris's Father: Warriors of the Seven Stars, thank you for coming.
Shakadou: So, what's the plan?
Chris's Father: I suspect that soon -- in three to four days -- this mansion will be under attack.
Chris's Father: I would have you defend it.
Nya-Nya: Yay, yay! Nya-Nya can do!
Nya-Nya: Hey what's that? Some sort of decoration? It's so pretty! Lemme see lemme see!
Mem XXIII: K-Keep away thy hands. That crown is a symbol of my power.
Nya-Nya: *woosh* Yay, I got it!
Margit: (She's fast!)
Ricardo: (Even with my Eyes of God, I still struggled to track her!)
Misuma: Good grief... Are these the men with which I am to defend a mansion?
Misuma: You're all worth nothing. I, the strongest man in the world, can handle this myself.
Shakadou: Wowee, well ain't you full of hot air. Y'think you're the strongest?
Misuma: Keep yourself and your stench away from me, monkey.
Shakadou: I'm just lookin' for a quick spar.
Misuma: Ten seconds. That is all it will take to mop the floor with you.
Misuma: Ten seconds hence, you will be crawling these floors like a pig.
Margit: We're all on the same s--
Chris's Father: No, this is a good opportunity. Let them fight.
*Ten seconds later.*
Misuma: ...Mercy... Please... Don't... Hurt me...
Shakadou: They say mercy's the mark of a good man.
Misuma: Pigaaahhhhhh!
Shakadou: But you ain't worth it.
Shakadou: These kids I'm training, go by the name of Itagaki, y'guys got nothin' on them.
Chris's Father: Now we know who the leader is.
Chris's Father: That gives us the clear chain of command we need.
Margit: I suppose...
Chris's Father: (The stage is set, Yamato-kun. Will you come?)
*--Lubeck, Germany.*
Momoyo: Oh, so this is where Kuri grew up!
Yukie: It's so tranquil and serene... The flow of energy is in perfect equilibrium.
Matsukaze: This here's our German debut... Let's gallop on out, Mayucchi!
Cookie 3: I hope you appreciate how smoothly everything's been thanks to my German fluency.
Yamato: Yes, yes, you're great and awesome.
Shouichi: Welp, you're up next, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Aura search! ...?!
Momoyo: There's an odd number of people standing around in front of the mansion.
Momoyo: They're all soldiers... They're expecting us?
Shouichi: That just makes me even more fired up. What's the plan, Yamato?
Yamato: We're still going in the front door. If that doesn't work, we attack.
Momoyo: If it comes to that, I'll handle the soldiers out in front. I'll set up a ki barrier. You'll use that to get inside.
Momoyo: They shouldn't be crazy enough to start shooting guns indoors.
Takuya: But if we turn that around, doesn't it mean it'll be bullet hell outside?
Momoyo: That's just the way I like it.
Gakuto: A close-quarters battle against soldiers? That's too much for me.
Momoyo: It's gonna be a huge brawl. If you're gonna chicken out, do so now.
Yukie: I'll be fine, even without my sword.
Takuya: Then I'll stay here to direct and support.
Yamato: Great!
Shouichi: Let's go!
Soldier: Hey! Who are you guys?!
Yamato: I'm Naoe Yamato from Japan. I have business with Frank Friedrich.
Cookie 3: Now, take us to him!
Soldier: ...Wait one moment.
Chris's Father: ...What?! He really came?!
Chris's Father: Ohh...! So you've come to take her back!
Chris's Father: But what will you do when faced with overwhelming force?!
Chris's Father: We have nothing to discuss. Go home.
Chris's Father: If you try to force your way in, the soldiers will annihilate you.
Chris's Father: Have our guests leave.
Yamato: You can't just demand we--
Chris's Father: I do not care what you have to say!
Chris's Father: (Now then. Negotiations have failed. An army stands before you. What will you do?)
Yamato: Then I'll do whatever it takes to take her back!
Momoyo: Everyone, out of the way!
*Nee-san charged the soldiers.*
*Knocking one after another into the air like a bowling ball through pins.*
Chris's Father: (So you attack? I wouldn't have it any other way!)
Momoyo: Now! Get inside!
*She fired shockwaves from her hands.*
*Those shockwaves broke down the castle gate, giving us a way in.*
Yamato: All right, now's our chance! Everyone, get inside the mansion!
Soldier: Kh, not a chance. All units, ready weapons!
Momoyo: Whoa there, this is a no-guns-allowed event! Take this!
*She fired a huge aura blast into the air.*
*That energy then rained down in small droplets at each and every one of the soldiers.*
Soldier: Wh-What the--Waahhhhh!
Momoyo: Hahaha! Send in your tanks, or whatever else you've got!
Momoyo: I'll handle the shootout here! Good luck, Yamato!
Yamato: She's really enjoying this...
Kazuko: So this is Chris's house! It's so pretty!
Miyako: There aren't any soldiers inside.
Yukie: This is our opportunity. Let's head up!
Yukie: I can sense her above us... Huh?!
Yukie: But there's six other powerful auras... No, make that seven?
Shouichi: So he held back a few elite troops, eh?!
Kazuko: Leave them to us! Let's go!
*We ran down the hallway and went to head upstairs.*
Sergei: OOH... OOH... ENEMIES! I DEFEAT!
Kazuko: You're huge! How tall even are you?!
Sergei: WEHEHEH. I AM TALLEST MAN, 230 CENTIMETERS.
Miyako: I see. So that's the kind of person he has scattered around.
Yamato: And he just happens to know Japanese.
Gakuto: Heh! Interesting! A battle between giants sounds just about right!
Gakuto: I'll take him on! Everyone else, hurry on ahead!
Yamato: Uh, Gakuto, you do realize he's probably a powerhouse, right?
Gakuto: Shut up! There's no time to waste!
Gakuto: This is my chance to prove I'm a man, by defeating Mr. Tallest over here.
Yamato: ...All right. But just try not to fight him fair.
Yukie: May fortune favor you!
Gakuto: Thanks!
Yamato: Gakuto, your legs. Use your legs!
Sergei: AH! H-HEY, YOU ALL NO RUN PAST ME!
Gakuto: You're up against me, you fat pig!
Gakuto: Take this! Full-Power Handsome Punch!
Sergei: ...HUH? WAS THAT THE PUNCH?
Gakuto: Whoa, hey, seriously?
Sergei: Hunga! (He swung his arms around.)
Gakuto: Whoa, that was close!
Gakuto: Man, he's off the charts... If he grabs me, I'm dead.
Gakuto: ...Yamato said to use my legs. Which probably means...
*Gakuto turned his tail and bravely fled!*
Gakuto: I'm stuck runnin' away, dammit!
Sergei: AH! HEY! WAIT!
Gakuto: Wahah, you're slow!
Sergei: WHAT? YOU BAD MAN. I KILL!
Gakuto: I can get away from him if I just keep running...
Gakuto: But that would be incredibly uncool.
Sergei: OOH, WHERE YOU GO?!
Gakuto: I'm behind you, dumbo! Because no matter how strong you are, every man has one weakness.
Gakuto: Ball-shattering kick!
Sergei: Gwaahhhh!
Gakuto: All right! Direct hit to the family jewels!
Sergei: OOOH! GAAAAHH!
Gakuto: Geh! He barely even felt it -- it just pissed him off?!
Sergei: GAAAHHH! STOP!
Gakuto: Looks like I'll have to take the easy win and run!
Sergei: I BITE OFF YOUR BALLS!
Gakuto: Whoa?! This race is way too thrilling!
Yamato: Chris is even higher?!
Nya-Nya: Nya-Nya won't let you go any farther!
Kazuko: Wow, she's tiny!
Nya-Nya: Ooh! But at least Nya-Nya has a bigger chest!
Kazuko: What is with you... I'm taking her out! You guys go on ahead.
Yamato: You got this!
Yukie: Chris-san's room is just up ahead!
Nya-Nya: Nya-Nya's super strong! You can't beat me!
Kazuko: Oof?!
Nya-Nya: Seigh, seigh, seigh, seigh!
Kazuko: Wawawawa, she's fast! Gwah!
Nya-Nya: Ehehe. Nya-Nya's the strongest! And Nya-Nya's capoeira's the strongest too!
Kazuko: *cough* *cough* Mnn... but even so...
Nya-Nya: Seyaaahh!
Kazuko: Hah! You're not too fast for me!
Nya-Nya: You parried Nya-Nya's attack?!
Kazuko: Seigh! Snake Snipe!
Nya-Nya: Wah?!
Nya-Nya: Y-You hit Nya-Nya? That can't be right.
Nya-Nya: Nya-Nya's the fastest! No one's supposed to be able to keep up!
Kazuko: Sure you're stupidly fast...
Kazuko: But you move so inefficiently that you're wasting all of that speed.
Nya-Nya: Huh? What?
Kazuko: That's the kind of thing you have to get in real fights to learn! Kawakami: Scorpion Strike!
Nya-Nya: Fgaahhh!
Mem XXIII: Thou shalt go no farther.
Miyako: Another guy laying it on thick? And he just happens to know Japanese, too?
Miyako: I'll take care of him!
Yamato: Miyako, be careful.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Mem XXIII: Oh... Is that man the object of thy affection, lass?
Miyako: ...That's none of your business.
Mem XXIII: Then thy love is unrequited... Heh, a pity.
Mem XXIII: Then I shall give unto thee the ultimate pleasure.
Mem XXIII: Mayest thou drown in time eternal!
Miyako: ...?!
Mem XXIII: Hohohoh. I have heightened thy senses fifty-fold.
Mem XXIII: Thy body shall be consumed by lust, with the slightest tap on thy shoulder sending thee into waves of pleasure and bliss.
Miyako: Meh.
Mem XXIII: Impossible! Why art thou yet unfazed?!
Miyako: You could make my senses a thousand times stronger, and I'd still be indifferent towards anyone but Yamato.
Mem XXIII: R-Ridiculou -- pagarl!
*He screamed as his face caved before Miyako's right fist.*
Mem XXIII: I-I never knew there was a woman such as thee!
Miyako: I mean, I can break out of that sort of suggestion easily anyways.
Miyako: Hah!
Mem XXIII: Thou hast broken free of the suggestion through sheer force of will?!
Miyako: I'm cured. Every girl I'm friends with can handle that much.
Mem XXIII: Y-You samurai girls are terrifying beings.
Mem XXIII: Yet my true power is my 'Cobra Fist' that allows me to command cobras in battle as if they were my own arms
Mem XXIII: I will now prepare cobras with instant death venom. Wait one moment.
Miyako: ...Sorry, but I'm not the type to let people finish their transformation sequences.
Mem XXIII: Pagiooo!
Miyako: That was close... I would've lost if you'd had your cobras ready from the start.
Ricardo: (In Spanish) I, with my Eyes of God, shall not allow you past.
Yamato: So they don't all know Japanese...
Cookie 3: Heheh. I can handle him.
Yamato: Are you sure?
Cookie 3: I met him, once.
Ricardo: I do not recall ever meeting any talking eggs.
Cookie 3: Change: Cookie 2!
Cookie 2: Do you still not recognize me, Ricardo?
Ricardo: You're the robot from the technique tests!
Cookie 2: I do owe you for your help then. But, well, the details of that can wait for another time.
Cookie 2: Have yourself another taste of Cookie Dynamic!
Ricardo: Gwah!
Ricardo: Heh... Even the Eyes of God grow dull with age.
Margit: ...So you've finally made it here.
Yamato: Mar!
Margit: You will not call me that!
Yamato: So you are going to try to stop us.
Margit: I do not appreciate that tone. You will instead say that I am carrying out my mission.
Margit: ...As it happens, Frau Chris's room is over there.
Margit: If you wish to reach her, you must overcome me.
Yukie: I, Mayuzumi Yukie, will be your foe!
Margit: Mmm... Intriguing. I had wanted to fight you.
Yukie: I will hold her here! Please, go on ahead!
Yamato: We're counting on you! And she's strong.
Yukie: I'll be fine!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's a bit tougher than she looks.
Margit: No sword? Then I will fight unarmed as well! You will take your stance!
Yukie: I'm ready to fight. For my friends!
Margit: For the mission!
*They charged each other, their silhouettes meeting in the middle of the hall.*
Shouichi: So this here's the top floor!
Soldier: (In German) Hey you! How'd you get up here?!
Shouichi: I'll take this guard. Go!
Yamato: The damn door's locked...
Yamato: So of course I'm kicking it open!
*I burst inside.*
Soldier: You're pretty light on your feet, but...
Soldier: Seigh!
Shouichi: Gwah?!
Soldier: I have military training. You are no match for me.
Shouichi: Kh, you're pretty strong all right. So you know what that means?
Shouichi: It means you get to see some Japanese ninjutsu.
Soldier: Mnn, a smoke bomb? Tch, stay where you are, or I'll shoot!
Shouichi: Got you now!
Soldier: Gah! You fearlessly rushed me...?
Soldier: I thought Japanese feared firearms... *thud*
Shouichi: What, this guy had a gun? He could have shot me!
*Not knowing German proved the key to Capt's victory.*
Yamato: Chris!
Chris: Yamato! You came all this way for me...
*Chris was bound to a chair.*
Chris's Father: ...So you've made it all the way here.
Chris's Father: Past every obstacle that stood in your way...
Chris's Father: ...I am truly impressed!
Yamato: ...Who are you?
Chris's Father: Frank Friedrich.
Chris: That's Father using his ultimate technique.
Yamato: You'd even do something as crazy as reverse aging? You must be desperate.
Chris's Father: You are a true samurai, Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: Huh?
Chris's Father: You have overcome the boundaries of nationality.
Chris's Father: You even dropped out of school because of your heartfelt love for my daughter.
Chris's Father: And though you were poor in wealth, you lived rich in spirit.
Chris's Father: When I took her away, you followed us to Germany.
Chris's Father: Even when faced with overwhelming military might, you charged forth and made it all the way here.
Chris's Father: This is exhilarating, truly exhilarating. I cannot ever remember experiencing such thrills.
Yamato: I couldn't have done it alone.
Chris's Father: The strength to find and receive assistance is power in its own right.
Chris's Father: Some would say charisma is a kind of strength.
Chris's Father: You have done splendidly, Naoe Yamato, and even moved my heart.
Chris: Father...?
Yamato: Then I'll ask.
Yamato: Sir... Please accept my relationship with your daughter!
Chris's Father: Now you must overcome me!
Chris's Father: This is your final trial! Take her back by force!
Yamato: ...Fine!
Chris's Father: Here we go, Yamato! Haaahhh!
Yamato: ...?!
*He blasted his leg up towards me.*
*My reflexes were barely quick enough to get me out of the way.*
Chris's Father: Oh, you dodged that? Well done!
*I hadn't spent all these years being attacked by Nee-san for nothing.*
Yamato: ...You're strong, for a 47-year old.
Chris's Father: As I said, I have restored my youth!
*Another powerful attack, this time a straight punch. I somehow ducked out of the way.*
Yamato: You...
*I tried to counter, to force my fist past his guard.*
Chris's Father: That is not nearly enough! You will need better than that to take my daughter!
Yamato: Kh...
Chris: Yamato!
Chris: Gh. If only my body were free!
Chris's Father: You cannot untie that rope, Chris. Accept it, your father's love.
Chris: ...Father!
Chris's Father: Now, Yamato, it is time we settled this!
Yamato: Whoa?!
*As I kept dodging, he drove me back into the hallway.*
Chris's Father: Your evasion is first-rate, but do you think you can escape that way forever?!
Yamato: If I could just untie those ropes...
Chris's Father: I will not let you! Hah! You have nowhere to run.
Yamato: Oh no!
Chris's Father: It is time for you to learn the depth of a father's love!
Yamato: Kh... Hah...?!
*A severe body blow.*
*It sent me to the ground.*
Yamato: *cough* *wheeze*... *wheeze*...
Chris's Father: I know you must be suffering... This is the end.
Shouichi: Not on my watch!
Chris's Father: What...?!
Shouichi: The hero always arrives in the nick of time!
Shouichi: So I'll be untyin' that rope you have around Chris!
Chris's Father: You bastard! I won't let you!
*Chris's father turned towards Capt.*
Yamato: *cough* Y-You're a lifesaver...
Yamato: Huff, huff, I've caught my breath...
Shouichi: You're free now, Chris!
Chris: Good!
Chris's Father: Step aside, you brute!
Shouichi: Gwah!
*Chris's father's flying kick sent Capt tumbling through the room.*
Chris: Father, that is enough!
Chris's Father: Chris, you would raise your hands against your father?!
Chris: Yes! I will overcome you too!
Chris's Father: Then I must knock you unconscious once again!
Chris: Whoa!
Chris: The first time surprised me, but I do not make the same mistake twice.
Chris's Father: Why must you be so...
Chris: My attack... will carry the strength of all of my love!
Chris: My love! For! Yamato!
*The vicious kick whooshed towards her father.*
Chris's Father: Nnngh. I would expect no less from my daughter...
Yamato: That wore him down mentally too. Now's our chance!
*I sprinted towards Chris's father.*
Yamato: Chris, combo with me! Neither of us can beat him alone!
Chris: Understood! (She jumped!)
Chris's Father: Hah! No matter how strong the attack, it counts for nothing if you cannot hit me!
Chris's Father: What? I can't move my legs!
Shouichi: Now! Get him while I'm holding him still, Yamato!
Yamato: Seyaahhhh! This...
*Losing none of my momentum, I jumped into a flying kick.*
Chris: Haaahhh! Is the power...
*And so did Chris.*
Both: OF OUR LOVE!
Chris's Father: Gaaahhhhh!
*Our feet slammed into his chest.*
Chris's Father: ...So this... is the passion... of youth...
*And so Chris's father tumbled to the floor.*
*............*
Momoyo: ...So, who else wants some?!
Momoyo: Wait, I beat you all already? Well that sucks.
Shakadou: Woowie, a whole army destroyed by a girl barely old enough t'drive.
Momoyo: --!
Shakadou: Yo.
Momoyo: Assistant Master Shakadou!
Shakadou: Former. Former assistant master.
Momoyo: Wow, I haven't seen you in forever!
Shakadou: Yeah.
Momoyo: What are you doing here?
Shakadou: Eh, I had some work, but I got bored of it.
Shakadou: So I decided t'call it quits.
Momoyo: That's too bad.
Momoyo: But personally, since we finally get to meet again...
Momoyo: I'd love to fight, if you're game.
Shakadou: Heh heh.
Shakadou: The violence y'carry'n you... That's how a warrior oughta be.
Shakadou: But this ain't a grand enough stage for us.
Shakadou: There's some route out there where we face off. That's when the fireworks'll fly.
Momoyo: ...Are you certain that route's out there?
Shakadou: I swear it. I'll be waitin'.
Momoyo: ...Mmm, I still haven't gotten my rocks off.
Takuya: Momo-senpai, good work out there.
Takuya: It looks like everyone's fine. We just have to gather back up.
Takuya: Though I still haven't gotten word from Gakuto...
Momoyo: Whoa. I'm glad I don't have your job, Mororo. Seems awful.
Takuya: I have to do this much, or what's even the point of me being here?
Gakuto: Waahhh! Momo-senpai, save me!
Sergei: HUNGER!
Takuya: Oh, so Gakuto's in an active crisis scenario.
Momoyo: Ooh, now you're someone whose ass is worth kicking
*............*
Chris's Father: Gh... Hah...
*Chris's father lay slumped on the floor.*
Chris's Father: ...Wonderfully done... I can truly see the love you have for my daughter.
Chris's Father: I... I, too, tried to do what you have done, but could not...
Chris's Father: I bowed to the laws of my family... and abandoned my love...
Chris's Father: If only I had had your passion... Heheh.
Yamato: You shouldn't push yourself to talk.
Chris's Father: ...Return to school. I will take care of all the paperwork.
Chris's Father: Treat my daughter... w-well...
Yamato: Sure.
Chris: Father?!
Chris's Father: Zzz...
Chris: ...Oh, he is asleep.
Yukie: Then everything must be over.
Margit: Is that all? Unarmed combat was not nearly enough to satisfy me.
Margit: Next time, you will fight me with sword in hand.
Yukie: ...Yes, I will!
Chris: ...Thank you, Yamato.
Chris: I still can hardly believe you actually came all this way.
Yamato: Don't you remember my oath?
Yamato: There's nowhere I won't go for you.
Chris: ...Yamato... *kiss*... Mnn!
*She ardently kissed me.*
Chris: Yamato, hug me tighter.
Yamato: Like this? (I held her in my arms.)
Chris: Yes, like that!
Chris: Now we are free to walk our path together...  (She rubbed up against me.)
Chris: All right!
Chris: Yamato... I too shall renew my vow!
*Chris drew in her breath.*
Chris: I, Christiane Friedrich...
Chris: Offer my soul...
Chris: And my body...
Chris: To you, Naoe Yamato, the love of my life, for all of my days!
*Her passionate confession of love echoed across the German skies--*
*--Kawakami Academy, Faculty Meeting.*
Tesshin: So we the faculty will approve Christiane Friedrich and Naoe Yamato's re-enrollment.
Tesshin: All that remains is to seek the consent of the students.
Umeko: So they will need signatures?
History Teacher: Of course they do, yes. To allow a couple who dropped out to live together to return to school without the students' consent is unthinkable!
History Teacher: Otherwise, we would set a bad example, no?
Umeko: ...All right. Then as per regulations, they will have one week beginning on Monday to collect signatures.
Lu: And they will need to gather 75% of the student body's signatures.
Lu: That is a difficult task.
History Teacher: But Mr. Usami, you would be upset to have your new employee quit so soon, no?
Kyojin: No, it's fine. He's still in his probationary period anyways.
Kyojin: He could've quit at any point, and I wouldn't have minded.
History Teacher: Maro sees, hmm...
History Teacher: (A student who left to live with a woman? Maro will not stand for this! But, well, three-quarter's of the school's signatures in a week is an impossible task, no?)
Kyojin: But all those signatures is going to be a tough bar to clear...
History Teacher: (An impossible one, no?)
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: So, it looks like we're spending all of next week gathering up signatures.
Shouichi: There'll be notebooks in every hallway for people to put their names.
Yamato: So we are going to need signatures after all... Those are the rules.
Yukie: 75% is a lot...
Takuya: And people know you two lived together.
Takuya: There's going to be a lot of people who won't write their names out of jealousy, and then there's the ones who won't care.
Yamato: Yeah. Who knows how this will turn out.
Kazuko: I know we can do it!
Kazuko: You two just plop yourselves down and wait.
Chris: ...What do you think, Yamato?
Yamato: I've played a few cards, but... I don't know.
*--Monday, after school.*
History Teacher: What?! They have eclipsed one part in three already?!
Kyojin: Yes. Everyone in 2-F signed, and it turns out none of their fellow sophomores objected.
History Teacher: What could have possibly...?
Class D Student: Okay, I guess I'll put down my name... After all, I owe him. This must be what he was talking about.
Class E Student: I can put down my name, sure. Like, I know the guy. And he did ask me to help him out if anything like this happened.
Class A Student: Screw helping out a guy with a live-in girlfriend, but I can't say no to Naoe-chan. Plus, he'll owe me so maybe I'll have him buy me lunch.
History Teacher: Wow... Everyone is coming to sign, no?
Kyojin: It looks like he maintained a lot of relationships, yeah.
Shouichi: So we've already cleared the 33% mark.
Yamato: Okay... Thanks, everyone.
*My relationships with them were more transactional than anything else.*
*Most of them probably saw writing down their names as an easy way to pay off a debt or for me to owe them a favor.*
*But I didn't mind. Let their reasons be cheap and shallow.*
*Because that was just what I needed.*
Chris: ...I feel that now I have finally come to realize why you spend so much time fiddling with your phone.
Yamato: That's right. At moments like this, it can be really heartening.
Chris: Relationships are everything, huh? Now I understand.
Yamato: But still... Only a third?
*Barely anyone we didn't know was coming forward.*
*Because they didn't want two people who had lived together to come back to school, perhaps?*
*I couldn't blame them. I'd feel the same way if I were in their shoes.*
Yamato: How are things going on the school's underground website?
Takuya: Mmm, I've tried calling for people to ask, but I'm getting shot down pretty hard.
Yamato: Whoa, somebody actually wrote that?
Chris: ......?
Yamato: You don't have to read them. I know you won't be able to shrug it off.
Takuya: So I do have a bit of an idea...
*--Tuesday, after school.*
History Teacher: How have they fared today?
History Teacher: Kawakami Momoyo's lunchtime radio promotion would have gotten them some momentum, yes, but...
History Teacher: (Well, they will not surpass 50% in the end, no?)
Kyojin: They've already gotten over half of the entire student body.
History Teacher: What...? Through what manner of chicanery did they manage that?
Kyojin: Everyone from Class S signed it.
Kyojin: And more and more of the people they know are siding with the two too.
History Teacher: 2-S? That bastion of pride, no? Why?
*2-S.*
Koyuki: Yay! Yay! Touma! Jun!
Jun: There, there. It's good to have you back.
Koyuki: Baldie! Baldie!
Jun: Stop slapping my head!
Azumi: And in exchange, they want signatures. Excellently done, wouldn't you say?
Hideo: Not just Ours, but each of Us is to gather five names. Mwahaha! The greed of it all!
Touma: But Yuki has come back to us. I will be sure to have all of my fangirls sign their names.
Kokoro: Aoi-kun, it seems that you have a soft spot for Yamato.
Touma: I am but a cheerleader for those who live for love.
Hideo: If Our friend would support him, then so will We.
Hideo: All those under Kuki patronage, We call on you to sign your names! Mwahaha!
Touma: ...Perhaps I shall live for love as well.
Shouichi: So 50% have given their OK! Sweet!
Yamato: It looks like Moro's idea to negotiate with Class S hit the jackpot.
Takuya: But the original plan was yours, Yamato.
Gakuto: But we boys will miss her. Sayonara, Sakakibara-san.
Momoyo: So you got her to talk to you in the end?
Kazuko: Ahaha. Nope, she never even opened her mouth.
Momoyo: That's awful. You should've given her back ages ago.
Yamato: ...But we're still a bit short.
Chris: Indeed. How will this end?
Kazuko: Kuri, didn't I tell you? You just plop yourself down and wait.
Yamato: ...As confident as they are, I...
Chris: In truth, you think it will be close?
Yamato: We should be ready for the possibility that we come up just short.
Chris: I see...
Yamato: Nothing ever comes easily in this world...
*--Wednesday, after school.*
Shouichi: This here's all we got today.
Yamato: Whoa, hey, that's pretty good!
Kazuko: Remember how long the lines were to sign the last two days? I bet that's why!
Miyako: If you can keep up this pace, you'll make it.
Yamato: Y-Yeah, we will.
Yamato: (But there's no avoiding a slowdown...)
*--Thursday, after school.*
Shouichi: And this here's today's haul.
Yamato: It didn't slow down! Amazing -- we're almost there!
Kazuko: Now the holdouts are deciding they've held out long enough!
Gakuto: Tomorrow's goin' to be your day of victory!
Yamato: Yeah... We're going to pull it off, Chris!
Chris: That is wonderful, Yamato!
Miyako: I think Yamato has good karma to thank.
Takuya: Yeah, you're right. Good thing you made so many connections.
Chris: We will be able to go to school together again.
Yamato: But I'll try to stack as much weight as I can on my side of the scale.
*--Friday, after school.*
Chris: ...And now we find ourselves here.
Yamato: Yeah. But we have to know how it turned out.
*We came in our uniforms so no one would think we were suspicious.*
Chris: Yet I should have known you would find a way.
Chris: My heart darkened when you told me to prepare for the worst on Tuesday, but I see now there was no need.
Yamato: Yeah. I knew I was popular, but I didn't think I was...
Yamato: Chris, hide. There's something going on on the field.
Chris: It is Dog leading a group of our friends...
Yamato: What're they all doing?
Chris: We should approach.
Yamato: Wouldn't they sense us?
Chris: With all of the people present, provided I suppress my ki, they should not be able to passively detect me, and they will not be actively scanning.
*So we snuck in and checked on them.*
Kazuko: Signatures please!
Shouichi: Sorry, but mind if I ask you to scribble down your name?
Yukie: Um, c-c-c-could you--Here!
Momoyo: Stay calm. Hey there, cutie. Won't you write down your signature? Weheheh.
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...Everyone...
Yamato: ...I'm a fool...
Yamato: I can't believe I tried to take credit for this...
Yamato: ...This is thanks to everyone... To everyone working so hard for us.
Chris: So that is why the signatures have continued apace...
Miyako: Could you please sign this?
Chris: Even Miyako...
Chris: ...They are true friends, and yet I...
*She had told them the abandoned building should be torn down.*
Chris: What a truly thoughtless act that was.
Yamato: Chris, it doesn't bother us anymore. Honestly, Miyako's the only one to hold a grudge.
Chris: I know...
Shouichi: Sweet! Target reached!
Yamato: That's the best news I've heard all day.
Chris: Yeah... I will never forget our debt to them.
Yamato: Now we'll start a new journey at school.
Chris: Indeed. I cannot wait, Yamato.
Yamato: ...Mm.
Chris: ...*kiss*
Kazuko: Yay! Let's run back to the secret base and surprise them!
Gakuto: Yeah! Then we'll tell them about how we offered our blood, sweat, and tears. That'll put 'em in our debt because, after all, we did it!
Momoyo: Hm? I know those auras...: Hey!
Chris: *kiss, kiss, lick*
Yamato: *kiss*
Takuya: While we're working so hard, they're just making out...?
Kazuko: Whoa! They're doing the thing!
Momoyo: They're so young.
Shouichi: Eh, there's nothing wrong with that.
Gakuto: Argh. I didn't think I could be more jealous -- but I was wrong!
Miyako: There they go again...
Yukie: I'm so happy for you, Chris-san!
Chris: Ugh... You were watching...?
Yamato: Uh... H-Hey there. Mn?
Chris: Mm... *kiss*
Everyone:  You're not stopping?!
*Kazama Shouichi became a famed adventurer. His next dream? Space.*
*Shimazu Gakuto put his stamina to good use as a salesman. He wanted a girlfriend soon.*
*Morooka Takuya joined a game studio. He struggled along while railing against the inhumane practices in the industry.*
*Kawakami Momoyo succeeded the Kawakami Temple and continued to fight. A living Goddess of War, she was still yet to lose a match.*
*Kawakami Kazuko supported Momoyo at the temple. They'd been through a lot, but the sisters remained close.*
*Shiina Miyako lived alone, though with her intelligence she had no trouble making ends meet. She still pined for Yamato, even now.*
*Yukie returned home and lives happily with her parents. Her father would like some grandchildren, but she still remained single.*
*Chika became an office lady, and secretly moonlighted as an booth babe. She is yet to find any man who can meet her high standard.*
*Amakasu Mayo was hit by a drunk driver, but made a full recovery. Works and lives happily with her family.*
*Kuroko became the rising star of women's pro wrestling, and also grew famous for her laughable antics.*
*Fukumoto Ikurou became famous as a photographer for a gay mens' magazine. Even today, you could catch sight of him in local gay bars.*
*Kumagai Mitsuru became a columnist for a gourmet magazine, and married a woman with an appetite that matched his own.*
*Oogushi Suguru, after being reached out to by an online friend, became an MMORPG GM.*
*Kuki Hideo happily busied about tending to the Kuki Conglomerate.*
*Oshitari Azumi was always to be found by Hideo's side.*
*Fushikawa Kokoro wanted for nothing, and enjoyed life as the daughter of the House of Fushikawa.*
*Aoi Touma disappeared to parts unknown.*
*Inoue Jun walked the same path as Touma.*
*Sakakibara Koyuki was always together with Touma.*
*Margit traveled the world to carry out her missions.*
*Chris's father worried for his daughter, but didn't let it show. He was doing well.*
*Kojima Umeko struggling to find a husband. However, her looks were as good as ever, so she wasn't out of the game yet.*
*Usami Kyojin toiled away at the Agency, and still tried to win Kojima Umeko's heart. His chances were slim at best.*
*As for Christiane Friedrich and Naoe Yamato...*
Chris: Of course we have stayed together. There's nothing left in our way, after all.
Chris: I love you, Yamato... *kiss*
*They were eternal lovebirds.*
*I slowly closed my eyes.*
*Went back and resorted everything in my heart.*
*I was going out with Chris.*
*Why had I fallen for her in the first place?*
*There hadn't been any single, dramatic moment. I'd just come to like her as we spent more time hanging out.*
*She was less of a girlfriend and more of a friend who was a girl.*
*Was such a relationship really worth clinging to?*
*Didn't the fact that I had those doubts tell me the answer?*
*Most of all, I really didn't want to have the German army as my enemy.*
Yamato: I'll give up on our relationship.
*I was certain I'd made the wise choice.*
*This wasn't a mistake. I was sure of that.*
*......*
*And, as days turned to months...*
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato...
*A bare-naked Miyako snuggled up beside me.*
*Yes. We'd done it. Mm-hm.*
*In the end, Miyako really was the girl for me.*
*Our everyday life as a young couple was just beginning...*
Miyako: I waited, little bird... Now you will sing our song of pleasure.
====================act_g_真与シナリオ.bin====================: Hey, Blondie. You'd better still remember what you promised.
Chika: Hmph. I'll never lose to a disgusting monkey like you.
Mitsuru: What are they talking about? Om nom nom.
Shouichi: Doesn't sound like they're talking about food.
Shouichi: Ah well. Yamato, let's play!
Miyako: You're not just stealing my line -- you're stealing Yamato, too?!
Yamato: Ah well.
Miyako: Steal me, too!
*She drew near.*
Chris: Come to think of it, our recent quizzes should be handed back soon.
Chris: Very good. We shall compete, Dog! I shall win handedly!
Kazuko: Zzz... Zzz... Zzz...
Chris: I cannot believe you are asleep...
Yamato: She picked that up through her training with my sister. When things get rough, it's time to sleep.
Takuya: And she's not faking, either. When Wanko does it, she's actually asleep.
Umeko: I shall now return your quizzes.
Kazuko: Mn? I surface from the sea of sleep!
*She was always quick to awaken during Ms. Ume's classes. No need to pull her ponytail here.*
Umeko: Ogasawara Chika!
Umeko: Your score isn't high enough for me to read aloud, but you clearly worked hard. Maintain that diligence for the next quiz, too.
Umeko: Fukumoto Ikurou, 30%.
Ikurou: Wow, my score was so high you read it.
Umeko: Failures also have their scores read, in order to shame them.
Gakuto: Yonpachi, you failed? You hopeless fool.
Ikurou: What? Gakuto, you of all people are calling me stupid?!
*Her methods were exceptionally effective.*
Umeko: While we're here, I will read off a particularly interesting response.
Umeko: Tell me, which Emperor from the East Roman Empire was the son of peasants, and later took the West Roman Empire?
Ikurou: Umm, Chandragupta?
Umeko: That's the king of the Gupta Empire. And I see you have written that for the majority of your answers?
*He must have put whatever random words he remembered into every blank.*
Umeko: He was Justinian, and don't you forget it!
Ikurou: Did you say Jus-tit-ian?!
Umeko: Are you mocking a great man, uncultured swine?!
Ikurou: Waaaaahhhhhhh!
*His punishment was swift.*
Gakuto: He can even find erotic stuff in world history. Nice.
Takuya: Maybe he should get a better feel for when to hold his tongue.
Yamato: Going forward, I bet he's gonna put that answer down for every question.
Chris: What has Fukumoto-dono done to infuriate everyone so?
Kazuko: Good question.
Miyako: I would love to educate you. And there is no better teacher than first-hand experience. Just like this.
Gakuto: When it comes time to teach Chris, be sure to call upon me, the nicest guy in the room.
Yamato: Someone definitely needs to be educated. Namely, the two of you.
*After class.*
Chika: Heh-hem. You promised.
Ikurou: Damn it all. What are you making me buy?
Chika: First, the new summer fashion, as payback for everything up until now.
Ikurou: First? What d'you mean, first?!
Chika: Oh, and I don't want to go walking around with you, so buy them online and have them shipped to my house, okay?
Suguru: Who would be extorting my classmate but you, dumb blondie.
Chika: I wagered something, too. I don't see any reason why you get to complain.
Mayo: A wager? Chika-chan, you were gambling?
Chika: Huh? Gosh, no. I was just joking.
Ikurou: Duh. Man, you took that silly little joke that seriously? You people who live in your own little world are unbelievable.
Chika: ...Stop getting so full of yourself, you piece-of-shit monkey.
Gakuto: If Yonpachi has to buy brand-name products, what did Chikarin put up?
Ikurou: She would've let me take candid photos of her, at her place, all day, from dawn till dusk!
Gakuto: Damn it, how could you lose?! You should've thrown away your life to win!
Ikurou: That was the fucking plan!
Yamato: Given his life, I wouldn't expect wagering it to get him much.
Mayo: I spent so much time teaching you. I can't believe you used that knowledge for evil.
Chika: Like I said, it was a joke. He just came to my place and started taking pictures, so I wanted to teach him a lesson.
Mayo: Oh, I see. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have doubted you.
Chika: Hahaha, that hurts. That really hurts, Mayo.
Yamato: So Class Rep really did tutor her.
Takuya: Class Rep is pretty amazing. She's got smarts, and can teach.
*She didn't look the part, but she was an honor student.*
Takuya: Worried?
Miyako: It's fine. I know she's not Yamato's type.
Yamato: Could you please stop it with those lines and those come-ons? They won't get me to like you.
Miyako: Once I've done this enough times, your won't be able to be turned on by anyone but me.
Takuya: I feel like it's not working. He's not even blinking.
Yamato: We've been together for a long time, after all.
*To be honest, I was enjoying it a lot. I just didn't let it show.*
Yamato: Enough joking around. I'm simply curious about one of the few people who gets better grades than me.
*Losing to those in Class S was one thing, but I wasn't fond of coming in second to anyone else.*
Gakuto: I couldn't judge her, not without another ten years. Given her body, I can't see her as a woman.
Shouichi: Ain't she already done growing?
Takuya: That was blunt.
Yamato: Guys, don't say that in front of Class Rep.
Miyako: I'm totally jealous.
*I showed a little bit of interest in someone, and that was her reaction?*
Yamato: But still, why's she in Class F?
Takuya: Maybe it's the same reason you are, Yamato.
Yamato: Maybe.
*Ogasawara-san was here, too, after all.*
Yamato: When we were asked about our future plans, she said she planned on entering the work force, right?
Takuya: Yeah. I would've expected that she would go to college.
Yamato: Especially since she seems to like learning.
*I studied for the sake of building up a good transcript, but...*
Mayo: Everyone, it's almost time for class. Please get ready.
Yamato: And she's a really good class rep, too. It's such a waste for her not to go to college.
*I couldn't help but feel that way.*
*It was another lively day in Class F.*
Takuya: Wow, I had no idea that line was foreshadowing.
Suguru: They wished to imply to the user that he had come from the future.
Takuya: And here I thought it was just a minor plot hole.
Suguru: The first time through, the plot twist steals your full attention.
Takuya: To be fair, those special effects were amazing.
Suguru: Is not 2D ever supreme, my comrade? Let us now overcome the dimensional threshold!
*Their voices echoed across the classroom.*
Miyako: ...I can't stand the cacophony rising up from the lower world.
Yamato: What 'lower world'?
Miyako: The one you look down on.
*Miyako must have decided to ascend into heavenly grace.*
Chris: Oogu-
Mayo: Suguru-chan, could you please keep your voice down? You're inconveniencing the rest of the class.
*Chris had gone to stop him, but Class Rep acted first.*
Suguru: Oh, I had not realized I had gotten so loud.
Mayo: Please be careful so you don't bother everyone else.
Suguru: I shall.
Takuya: I'll have to be careful, too.
Chika: So you yucky nerds actually listened to someone for once.
Suguru: Hmph. I can view myself objectively, unlike dumb blondies.
Chika: Hah. Then you must realize how icky you are.
Suguru: I pity your vocabulary, 3D harlot. Read a few light novels and learn some sesquipedalian lexemes.
Mayo: Umm, both of you...
Chika: Says the guy who reads them for the pictures. I read unillustrated cell phone novels, and actually enjoy them.
Suguru: You would label such works, with their innumerable typos, as 'novels'?
Chika: Why are you nerds so stubborn?
Chris: Hey, you should not figh--
Mayo: Are you even listening to what your big sister is saying?!
Chika: Wah!
Suguru: A class rep character? Perhaps my heart would race, if only there were no Z-axis.
Chris: Nice going, Class Rep. You were truly majestic.
Mayo: That's because I'm a special big sister.
Chris: Such is how clear-headed individuals must act, would you not say? *glance*
*I could feel her gaze.*
Yamato: Chris is stripping me with her eyes.
Miyako: Time to slip in between you two and do the exact same thing. *glance*
Chris: What? Such was contrary to the meaning of my gaze, Miyako!
Ikurou: Looking at you guys makes my imagination explode!
Mayo: Fukumo-chan, you shouldn't run in the hallways.
Shouichi: These pork buns are sweet. Can I grab another?
Mitsuru: Go ahead. I planned to buy enough extras on the way home anyways.
Mayo: Kazama-chan, you got some on your chin.
Shouichi: Oh, my b.
Mayo: Kumagai-san, you eat so cleanly. You're such a good boy.
Mitsuru: I shall never spill crumbs or fail to clean my plate.
Mayo: That is an excellent attitude to have. I always do the same.
Yamato: You even attach '-san' when talking about Kuma-chan and Gakuto, don't you?
Mayo: Now that you mention it, yes, I do.
Yamato: The two are both pretty big.
Mayo: But mentally I feel like their older sister.
Yamato: Very few people call him 'Gakuto-san'.
*It was just her and Mayucchi, as far as I knew.*
Gakuto: That is because I'm a gentle guy, obviously.
Takuya: Gentle? That's a new one.
Mayo: I do think that you're the most mischievous boy in the class.
Gakuto: Hey, you'll make me blush.
Takuya: No, that was a roundabout way of calling you a problem child.
Kazuko: Ahaha. No causing trouble, Gakuto.
Mayo: And the most mischievous girl would be Wanko-chan.
Kazuko: Well, I guess so. That was a compliment, right?
Miyako: How nice.
Takuya: Get a clue! Even an idiot should understand what that meant!
Chris: I guess that means Dog, too, is stuck in her ways.
Yamato: Sorry for all the trouble our problem children cause.
Mayo: Well, they help me with my work, so in truth they're a big help.
*They must have been doing a good job, by the sound of it.*
Mayo: As the eldest, I have to handle this, too.
Yamato: Sounds rough.
Mayo: This much is nothing at all.
Yamato: Oh, you must have little brothers.
Mayo: You can tell?!
Yamato: I thought so.
*I brought it up, knowing from the start that the answer was yes.*
Mayo: I have two little brothers, but they're far worse rascals than everyone here.
Yamato: Wow, really?
Mayo: So that's why I'm used to scolding boys. Eh-heh.
Yamato: That's amazing. Seriously, I respect you a bunch.
Mayo: Please, lavish me with praise.
Yamato: You're such a good girl. *pat*
Mayo: Eh heh heh.
*It was nice, sometimes, to make physical contact with people from outside the Family.*
Gakuto: Whoa, he's even got Class Rep trained.
Shouichi: Yamato knows when to use the carrot and when to use the stick. So what's gonna happen next...
Mayo: 
*She was as easy to handle as Wanko.*
Kazuko: Hey, why do I feel all itchy when I see that?
Miyako: Class Rep, you're being treated like a fool.
Mayo: Huh? When did you start patting my head?!
Yamato: Uh.
*I slipped away by the skin of my teeth.*
Kazuko: Yay!
Miyako: Heh heh heh. And thus, the space in front of Yamato is mine to claim.
Kazuko: Huh? What?
*Miyako rushed over to me.*
Takuya: You've been aiming for that the whole time. Even though you're usually so docile.
Chris: When she grows serious, there is no holding her back.
Yamato: Which makes her another problem child.
*At times, it felt like that label fit everyone in the Kazama Family.*
Chika: Mayo, you should go to the beauty salon from time to time, too.
Mayo: My little brothers' massages are more than enough for me.
Chika: So they massage you?
Mayo: Yes, but not every day. And I still have the ticket for a shoulder massage I received on my birthday.
Chika: Wow, your little brothers really are nice. I wish I had some hot siblings, too.
Mayo: They're so spoiled, but I'm still proud of them.
Chika: Haguro, you should learn from Mayo's example too.
Haguro: I so don't get why you're suddenly dragging me into this. Like, what do you even want me to say?
*Those two always did have a peculiar air about them.*
Kazuko: Hey, hey, Class Rep!
Miyako: Wanko, you don't need to worry about that sort of thing.
Kazuko: Let me see your homework.
Mayo: You didn't do it again?!
Kazuko: I was so focused on training, I completely forgot.
Chris: Do not burden the Class Rep so, Dog. Should you need only slight aid, I will teach you.
Kazuko: I've done everything but worksheets 1 through 3. Those are blank.
Chris: Christ's sake, you have not even touched it! What am I supposed to do with you?
Miyako: Spoil Wanko too much, and she'll start pushing her luck.
Chris: Indeed. You must reflect upon your actions.
Miyako: You should lend me that pure-white paper.
Kazuko: Yay! That's why I love you, Miyako.
Chris: To be consciously overprotective is a nasty thing.
Yamato: We'll give her some extra problems later. Twice as many. *grin*
Kazuko: Awawawawa! Now I'm scared.
*I had to be as strict to her as everyone else was indulgent.*
Gakuto: Looks like she's gettin' a balanced training.
Takuya: While I have to take care of you all by myself, Gakuto.
Gakuto: And why's that? It's unfair.
Takuya: Why are you complaining? I don't like it, either!
Shouichi: Class Rep, the picture book you told me about was sweet! It had the adventure I was lookin' for.
*He barged in like the wind.*
Mayo: Yes, my brother liked it too.
Shouichi: There ain't a man out there who don't yearn to be in situations like the ones in there.
Mayo: The look on your face right now is really charming, Kazama-chan.
*She must have gotten the same sense from Capt that she did from her brother.*
Tadakatsu: Here, Class Rep.
Mayo: Is this a lost item?
Tadakatsu: Hell no. It's a handkerchief to make up for the one you lent me when I got hurt.
Mayo: Huh? But this one looks super expensive.
Tadakatsu: Don't worry yourself silly over it. It's just a gift.
Yamato: Oh Gen-san, you're so nice.
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. Washing that thing till it was nice enough to give back would've been too much work.
Mitsuru: Thank you for sharing your packed lunch with me earlier. Here, my thank-you gift.
Mayo: Wow, I could never eat this much.
*She looked after everyone, never playing favorites, so everyone liked her.*
Yamato: But even so, Class Rep, people really flock to you.
Mayo: Well, I am the class representative. I have to be charismatic.
*Ogasawara-san would be one thing, but everyone treated her this way. Amazing was the only word for it.*
Jun: There! I can sense it! A heart sent aflutter by a young girl!
Yamato: And again you casually walk in the door.
*Even though he was technically a member of our rival class.*
Jun: I will appear any place where there lies something I ought to protect.
Miyako: ...If you must.
Jun: Little girls are our country's treasure. I will crush anyone who tries to pluck their innocent flowers.
Yamato: Your love seems somewhat... twisted.
Jun: That is their appeal. Now, come with me and you'll be in a world of pure sweet loli goodness.
Yamato: With every fiber of my being, no.
Jun: Oh? You may think me a minority, but there are many who feel as I do.
*I'd definitely heard rumors to the same, though they were never well-sourced.*
*But few were as open about it as Inoue.*
Jun: Someday you, too, will understand the nature of the world. Every mature woman was once a loli.
Gakuto: And if you turn that around, any loli will one day become sexy-sexy.
Jun: Impossible. 2-F's Class Rep will forever be a little girl.
Gakuto: Fair. I'm not expecting anythin' from Class Rep, either.
Yamato: Well, everyone's different.
Mayo: I feel like people are talking about me behind my back...
Jun: Whoa, here she comes! The-The fairy approaches.
Mayo: Inoue-chan, you shouldn't unnecessarily enter another class.
Jun: Yes, I shall be careful henceforth! Faooh!
*He moonwalked out the door.*
Mayo: Isn't Inoue-chan such a good boy?
Chika: Mayo's in so much danger. I have to keep her safe.
Yamato: She's popular, but...
*It had to be rough, dealing with so many perverts.*
*We were talking about our future plans.*
Yamato: Each of us in the Kazama Family have begun settling on our futures, right?
Gakuto: Mine is still an uncertain path.
Yamato: It'll be trouble if you don't submit something soon.
Gakuto: Right? I know I want to get me a girl, but the tricky part is figurin' out who.
Miyako: Gakuto, it sounds like you're not going to have much of a summer break this year.
Gakuto: How? I don't have remedial lessons, so why wouldn't I have a summer?
Miyako: Because you ARE going to have remedial lessons.
Takuya: We've completely gone off-topic from talking about our futures.
Yamato: Now we're talking about the present.
*And of course, not just the Kazama Family was talking about it.*
Chika: You want to work, Mayo, but doing what?
Mayo: One with an excellent salary.
Ikurou: I can think of one job with good wages. *pant, pant*
Mayo: Do you have a recommendation?
Chika: Say anything perverted, and everyone here will know the mischievous things you've done.
Ikurou: Q-Quit it... I can't lose my dignity!
Chika: I'm pretty sure you don't have any dignity left.
Mayo: Well, if I got to be picky, I'd like a job where I help people.
Chika: That's you being picky?
Mayo: Yes. I think I would be completely happy that way.
Chika: Hmm, then I guess you'd want to be a doctor, or something?
Mayo: That would be a wonderful profession, but that path seems a little...
Chika: Oh, then shouldn't you be in the advanced class, like Aoi-kun?
Mayo: I would have to go on to medical school.
Chika: Oh. I don't really get it, but it sounds hard.
Suguru: Such is common knowledge. You are too ignorant.
Chika: Eavesdropping on people is totally annoying, you know.
Suguru: Hmph. If I listen to JAM with the speakers on full, perhaps that will drown out the grating tone of your voice.
*The tuition for medical school was literally an order of magnitude greater.*
Yamato: Sorry to butt in on your conversation.
Mayo: What's is it, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: I'm curious what everyone in our class is going to do.
Chika: Everyone's different, huh.
Mayo: I'd be happy to give you advice.
Yamato: Oh, I was curious about your plans, Class Rep.
Mayo: About my future?
Yamato: Because I heard you were going to get a job.
Chika: Right? I've put a lot of thought into this. Once you get a job, you can't have fun anymore.
Yamato: That seems like an extreme argument.
*Not that I didn't understand what she was trying to say.*
Yamato: What about scholarships?
Chika: Oh, yeah. You're on a scholarship now, right?
*But if she had wanted to go that route, she would've already thought of that.*
Mayo: Umm, well, I've definitely considered it.
Yamato: Is there some reason that wouldn't work?
Mayo: It would take four years just to graduate, and then two more years before I would be finished.
Yamato: I see. When you put it that way, it is a long time.
Mayo: I have to think about my little brothers' futures, too. I have to hurry and become a proper member of society.
Chika: Did you hear that? Isn't she such a good girl? Isn't she great?
Yamato: ...Yeah.
Chika: Still, that was kind of depressing, you know?
*I felt she should go to college, even if just to give herself a chance to wait and see, but...*
Mayo: Everyone's going through hard times these days.
Chika: I don't really feel it myself...
Yamato: But right now, things are supposed to be bad overseas. That's what my father told me.
*Though he had also called it an opportunity.*
Chika: Aren't your parents overseas, Naocchi? That's so neat.
Yamato: Going overseas is okay, but I intend to lounge around Kawakami.
Mayo: I love being here with everyone, too.
*But I would like to do what I could to help her.*
Mayo: So like that, I've decided to go for the greatest job I can do right now.
Yamato: I see. Then I'll cheer you on.
Mayo: Yes, thank you very much!
*Class Rep was also seemed to be struggling with a lot of things.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi had joined our group.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*However, the center of my life remained 2-F.*
*And the center of 2-F had to be her.*
*The Class Rep, Amakasu Mayo-san.*
*Even though she looked younger than all of us, she was actually the oldest. She tried her best to act like a big sister.*
*And most of all, though my smarts were nothing to scoff at, she still got better grades than me.*
*I had her beat in ingenuity, but she seemed to put in more effort.*
*She had experienced plenty of strife, but always kept on smiling.*
*I could hardly believe she had done as well as she had without ever mumbling a complaint.*
*Where I had given up on so much once I had learned how the real world worked, she shined on.*
*Perhaps, by being with her, I would change myself.*
Yamato: By the way, I'm not a lolicon.
*I defended myself to the hermit crabs in my room.*
*I wasn't like Inoue.*
*Anyways, I decided to try to get along better with Class Rep.*
*This summer was going to be hotter than ever.*
Gakuto: Aaaah, isn't there some woman out there who understands my chaaaarm?
Yukie: Gakuto-san, I think you are amazing.
Gakuto: I want the attentions of an older woman, not a little girl. And that look of yours is terrifying!
Yukie: Matsukaze, is there any way we can make Gakuto-san popular with women?
Matsukaze: ...Hm? Sorry, wasn't listening.
Yamato: If that's how you feel in your heart, there's no way he'll ever accept the compliment.
Takuya: You should be happy just having someone say that to you. No one's said that to me.
Shouichi: What're you sayin'? You're the one and only Moro!
Takuya: See? Even the person who has my back is a guy.
Momoyo: Oh, the struggles of the young.
Yamato: You don't seem to be struggling over anything.
Momoyo: But I'm still lost and confused. Oh, who I should woo today.
Gakuto: If anyone but you said that, Momo-senpai, they'd be facin' the pummelings of justice right about now.
Yamato: Physically and mentally, she doesn't let anyone boss her around.
Miyako: Aren't men who see the bad in everything awful?
Yamato: Almost as bad as women who keep on chasing.
*And she did chase, no matter how much distance I put between us.*
Chris: You clearly do not understand what makes a man attractive.
Gakuto: Low blow!
Chris: You are certainly a good person.
Gakuto: Heh, so I do have a chance.
Chris: But that is all you are.
Miyako: There it is -- the most hurtful thing you can say to a man.
Takuya: Chris, you can get pretty harsh, huh.
Chris: I had no such intent.
Yamato: Bullying people is lame.
Chris: What?! I swear, I spoke with no malevolence in mind!
Yamato: Don't be so serious.
Chris: Yamato, why must you irritate me so?!
Yamato: Because your reactions are hilarious.
Momoyo: It makes me want to dye your pure-white uniform a shade of blue.
Miyako: Ku ku ku. You are worth training.
*Some of us were far more brutish than I.*
Gakuto: You can dye me, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: You'd look good in red.
Gakuto: In other words, the color of passion.
Yamato: The color of blood, I think.
Momoyo: Well, I won't let that bother me. I've got girls to fish for.
*A glance from Nee-san was all it took for most girls to swoon.*
Touma: Oh? Might someone be propositioning me?
Momoyo: There's nothing interesting about a boy who goes after the bait that easily.
Touma: So the hook never came my way after all.
Koyuki: Touma got dumped?
Touma: Heavens no, Yuki. The lines were cast but not reeled in.
Koyuki: You just dangle your Touma-lines and everyone gets caught, right?
Touma: Right now, having you by my side is enough, Yuki.
Koyuki: Oh! Motivation UP!
Momoyo: Mm. My unseasonal light snow, taken away.
Yamato: So you'll even go for someone with a master.
Momoyo: It's fun going for different types sometimes. Okay, that settles it.
*Her sights were set on a small girl who was passing through.*
Mayo: Waahh!
Momoyo: Look! You're so high up!
Mayo: I-I know you're my Senpai, but please -- think about my dignity...
Momoyo: How nice. You're so young and smooth and squishy.
*It was Class Rep.*
Mayo: Wah! Please, stop!
Momoyo: You're so cute. It's been so long since I've been with a girl smaller than Wanko or Miyako.
*Class Rep struggled to escape Momoyo's tight grip.*
Momoyo: Hugging you feels amazing. Just goes to show you shouldn't knock something before you try it.
Yamato: Says you, the woman who's made almost every girl in school your mistress.
Momoyo: I'm in the mood for some Mayo-Mayo. Can I take her?
Yamato: Please stop.
Momoyo: Then I'll take you instead, Yamato.
*She switched her hug over to me.*
Yamato: You make zero sense.
Momoyo: What gives? You're the one pressing your head into me.
Yamato: No, I'm simply powerless to stop you shoving my head from behind.
*It was a subtle, manipulative trick, but I saw right through it.*
Mayo: You two are as close as ever.
Momoyo: We're brother and sister. It'd be wrong for me not to care about him.
Mayo: Oh, I understand that well.
*She empathized with her as a fellow big sister.*
Gakuto: Huh? Oh yeah, what were we talkin' about?
Yamato: If you can't remember, it couldn't have been anything important.
Gakuto: Yeah, I guess so. Aaaah, isn't there some woman out there who understands my chaaaarm?
Yamato: I doubt it.
*And so we went on, barely avoiding going back to square one.*
*............*
History Teacher: The best tanka this time was written by Amakasu.
Mayo: Thank you very much!
Chris: Well done, Class Rep.
History Teacher: You want for grace, yes, but your energy is welcome.
Miyako: (Yamato, there's no need to be upset.)
Yamato: (I'm not really upset or anything.)
*Though I had tried to grasp whatever I could...*
History Teacher: And on the other hand, what is this crude work, Haguro?
Haguro: It's crude and short, like a stubby dick?
History Teacher: 'I want a man, like seriously. I want one. A man who can seriously give it to me. It'll be so seriously hot.'
Haguro: Hearing my poem read in your voice is kinda yuck.
History Teacher: Not only do you have one too many syllables, this is no true tanka! There is no element of character in your poem.
Haguro: Are you legit tryin' to start a fight?
History Teacher: Silence! Your mud-splattered visage would have been found repugnant in the Heian period.
Haguro: I have, like, zero clue what you're saying. I'm kinda dumb, so I only understand Japanese.
*At least I would never be second to the likes of her.*
History Teacher: Haguro was not the only one whose poem was artless. All of you, what do you think this class is supposed to be about?
Miyako: (When is he going to realize he's the only one who doesn't know?)
Yamato: (We're stuck having to study Japanese history on our own.)
*It was another day of making sure to grasp what was important.*
Chika: He lavished you with praise again today.
Mayo: All I did was write how I felt.
Yamato: How do you usually study?
Chika: So you get how awesome Mayo is, too.
Yamato: Yeah, it seems to me that you have something I don't.
Mayo: I don't really do anything special.
Yamato: Really?
*I wanted to hear her answer so I could step up my game.*
Mayo: I simply do and write whatever I think might work well.
Yamato: Well, that's what I do, too.
*I understood the teachers' tastes and inclinations, and used that to study.*
*With the tanka, for instance, I had created something inspired by one of our teacher's favorite poets.*
Mayo: Isn't it fun to write tankas and essays and those sort of stories?
Yamato: Okay, you enjoy it?
Mayo: It is fun! Stories overflow with dreams and hopes.
Chika: Picture books and picture story shows are the same way. And they've been popular recently.
Mayo: I heard it's because they created a place called the Picture Book Palace, where you can read all the Japanese picture books you want.
Yamato: Fun picture books and story shows, huh...?
*I had never thought about it like that.*
Koyuki: Wow! My hand won't stop can't stop!
Jun: What happened so suddenly?
Koyuki: It's like a god descended into me and said, Write!
Margit: You will explain in a fashion that a war council could understand.
Koyuki: I am God.
Kokoro: You have only added to the confusion!
Jun: Still, it's your first day here and you're fitting in already? Soldier, you've got me impressed.
Koyuki: Hmm... So, just like that, my latest work is donezo.
Kokoro: I see. Whatever is the title?
Koyuki: The True Story of the Ant and the Grasshopper.
Kokoro: That is blatant plagiarism of one of Aesop's Fables.
Margit: However, she claims it is the true story. That has caught my attention.
Jun: A lot of the stories wind up being rubbish, though.
Koyuki: Now, now. I'm awesome enough to make up for that... If I am awesome. Not really sure.
Kokoro: No need to be so gloomy.
Jun: I always look forward to your works!
Koyuki: Heh heh. Okay, it's start time!
Margit: You will tell us the story.
Koyuki: On the terribly, terribly hot days of summer, an ant was hard at work preparing for winter.
Margit: It is natural that it should toil.
Koyuki: And during one of those days, a grasshopper was singing in the grassy shade.
Jun: So far, nothing's changed.
Koyuki: 'He asked, 'Mr. Ant, why are you working so hard?'
Margit: This grasshopper has no respect for proper order.
Kokoro: Has she no shame of plagiarizing works with expired copyright?
Koyuki: And so time passed.
Kokoro: The haste with which you wrote shows. You have grown skimpy on the details.
Koyuki: It was a warm winter, so there was plenty of food to go around.
Jun: Global warming is even affecting picture story shows.
Koyuki: And today is the 49th day after Mr. Ant died.
Kokoro: The protagonist died off-screen?!
Koyuki: Since Mr. Ant kept working even when it got super hot, he died.
Kokoro: Death from overworking - a commoner's death.
Jun: It feels more modern than true.
Koyuki: The grasshopper made a thorough fool out of Mr. Ant while making an offering of food he picked up on the road.
Kokoro: If he just picked it up on the road, then he had no need to labor for it.
Koyuki: And as not everyone lives happily ever after, we learn something...
Jun: I saw this coming, but it's still so heartrending.
Koyuki: Only the laborers should labor.
Kokoro: Nothing shall come of the 2-F monkeys' struggles.
Margit: I train daily.
Kokoro: And I, as one of the chosen few, must not fail to endeavor.
Jun: You can't say everyone in 2-F is dumb.
Kokoro: The most important thing is whether or not one is born into a noble house.
Jun: Wouldn't the noblest house here be the Kawakami Temple?
Margit: Meaning Kawakami Momoyo and Kazuko.
Kokoro: I will acknowledge only the direct line. The rest are all apes.
Koyuki: In this world, even in stories, no one comes to save that sort of person.
Jun: You don't have a romantic bone in your body, do you, Yuki?
*............*
*After class...*
Kazuko: Let's get to training already!
Miyako: I don't want to, but Yamato told me I should, so I'll go to my club today.
Kazuko: You've gotta change, right? Let's head out together. How about you, Kuri?
Chris: I have no need to change.
Miyako: At times like this, you should follow along even if you don't need to.
*Everyone left the classroom.*
Takuya: Yamato, you're not going home?
Yamato: Capt's got his job, and Gakuto's at the gym, right?
Takuya: I guess everyone's got stuff to do.
Yamato: Times like this are when I have Miyako go to her club.
Takuya: Sorry, but my grandfather's waiting for me, so I'm going home.
Yamato: OK. See you tomorrow.
*And then, the last person remaining in the classroom was...*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, you're still here.
Yamato: So are you, Class Rep.
Mayo: The stain on the blackboard bothered me.
Yamato: I've always wondered: Is that part of a class representative's job?
*Wasn't Yonpachi was on-duty today?*
Mayo: It's our classroom, so I wanted to make it nice and clean.
Yamato: I had no idea you take care of that after we all leave for the day.
Mayo: I also have to replace the chalk so that the teachers don't have any trouble at all.
Yamato: Oh, I can take care of that.
*I got some from the storage closet.*
Yamato: I'll put it in the box.
Mayo: Please do.
*She hadn't been a class representative for very long, but she was already used to it.*
*This took place the day before our sophomore year orientation.*
Umeko: Anyone interested in becoming the class representative, raise your hand.
Kazuko: (Yamato, you're not going to do it?)
Yamato: (There aren't enough benefits. I'll pass.)
Miyako: (How clever. I like that about you.)
Umeko: How about you, Kazama?
Shouichi: I've got a job, so...
Umeko: Well, I wouldn't want to compel you. If we decided things that way, they would never work out.
*Who else, besides Capt, could lead the class?*
Ikurou: Decide already.
Mitsuru: I'm... so... hungry...
Suguru: While here I must return to my room posthaste...
*None that I could see.*
Umeko: However, we must decide on our class representative before your orientation.
Gakuto: If we don't choose, what happens then?
Umeko: You will remain here, because you may not leave until you do.
Mitsuru: I want food...
Umeko: Food and drink are out-of-the-question during homeroom. Have some patience!
Shouichi: Geh. We need to hurry, or Kuma-chan'll snap.
Takuya: That last time sure was something. It took him no time to send all the desks and chairs flying out of the room.
Yamato: If Wanko and Miyako hadn't been here, we might have needed Nee-san or the principal to stop him.
*He could be terrifying.*
Tadakatsu: Tch. Why can't things just be simple for once?
Chika: This is a problem. And I have to help out at the shop.
Mayo: Chika-chan...
Umeko: Too much whispering, not enough volunteering!
*Her whip cracked across the classroom.*
Mayo: Yes, ma'am!
Umeko: What is it, Amakasu?
Mayo: I volunteer.
Umeko: Oh?
*Amakasu-san had raised her hand.*
Umeko: Judging from your eyes, you act without deceit.
Mayo: Yes, ma'am. And since my birthday was yesterday, I'm the oldest one here.
Umeko: If there are no objections, I shall entrust the role to Amakasu.
*No one else volunteered, so it did feel like everyone was behind her.*
Mayo: You're all such children, so I have to work hard.
*But she kind of seemed to be enjoying herself.*
Mayo: Have Kazama-chan and the rest already gone home?
Yamato: Yeah. Capt had to go to work. Do you have a job yourself?
Mayo: I have chores to do at home, so I mostly work out of the house.
Yamato: I'm impressed you can still find time to study.
Mayo: Because of that, my little brothers have to bear some of the burden.
*Was that why she was seeking employment, rather than higher education?*
Mayo: I have to let them have some fun.
Yamato: I see. You really are a big sister.
*She probably didn't even have enough time to play.*
*That thought made me feel a little sad.*
*I didn't have anything better to do, so I waited until Miyako was done with club.*
Miyako: I'm feeling really good today, since you waited for me.
Yamato: Well, I had nothing better to do.
Miyako: But why stay so long?
Yamato: I was speaking with the Class Rep.
Miyako: The Class Rep...? Then I guess that's fine.
*For a second there, she had been strangely suspicious of me.*
Miyako: I mean, you're not a lolicon.
Yamato: Naturally.
Miyako: But lately, haven't you been a little too interested in her?
Yamato: Well, I am interested.
Miyako: You don't have to be. She's just an outsider.
*Like always, she had drawn a strict dividing line.*
Yamato: It's because people are drawn to her for different reasons than with me.
Miyako: But she's nothing compared to you, Yamato. People just think she's cute because she's so little.
Yamato: Looks like you've soured.
*But she'd be back to normal in due time.*
*It was lunch, and time for the radio broadcast.*
Kazuko: I'm so excited!
Chris: But their subject matter is always so violent.
Miyako: And Momo-senpai often wants to keep going.
Jun: Babies and little ladies, time for another week of our radio program, LOVE Kawakam-
Momoyo: Mm, I'm your host, Kawakami Momoyo. We might've skipped to the punch line there, but let's keep going anyways. LOVE Kawakami begins now.
Momoyo: Hey, wake up, Baldie. Which cue card do I read next?
Jun: You had to hold back just enough so that I'm still conscious, but goodness I wish I weren't.
Momoyo: What's this? Next up, our mail segment.
Jun: We always do things in the same order, please don't forget.
Momoyo: (Ignoring him) Oh, we've got a lot of freshmen mail.
Jun: I guess the newcomers are starting to get used to things around here.
Momoyo: Okay, let's prioritize the ones written by cute girls.
Jun: And I'll prioritize young girls' letters.
Momoyo: They're all the same age. Look, you can handle the letters from the boys.
Jun: Nearly all of the letters are questions for you, Momo-senpai...
Momoyo: I'll answer any of them.
Jun: What's your type, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: I get that kind of question a lot. It depends on the day, but today, I'm in the mood for short girls.
Jun: Oh, that's the same as me.
Momoyo: Don't put you and me together, Baldie. I'll drop you.: *snap*
Momoyo: So with that said, today, I have a special something for any girls shorter than 150 centimeters.
*And so the radio show continued.*
Kazuko: This is the first time I've ever wanted to be shorter.
Chris: 150 centimeters seems rather limiting. How tall are you, Miyako?
Miyako: I'm not that short.
Chika: Wouldn't Mayo be under?
Mayo: She's already fawned over me.
Yamato: I'm sorry. She's like a natural disaster.
Chika: I'd be totally into her if she were a guy. I mean, she's cool, she's strong, and she's inheriting a temple, so she's gotta be rich.
*But I didn't think she was going to stop fooling around with girls. (Not that I'd say that aloud.)*
*............*
Yamato: Did you listen to the radio?
Yukie: Yes. I'm a little jealous of Momo-senpai's popularity.
Matsukaze: The first step's makin' friends, girl.
Yukie: The livelier my class becomes, the lonelier I feel. *sniff*
Yamato: You should just have a good time with the rest of them.
Matsukaze: Right? You've gotta party with the rest of 'em.
Yukie: Th-That's more difficult than jumping a twenty-step vaulting box.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you've got twenty in the bag. Time to jump for joy!
Yukie: Awawawa. But that's completely different...
Yamato: You're just pressuring yourself, now.
Mrs. Shimazu: It's time to eat. Could you call everyone?
Yukie: Mayuzumi Yukie shall call all of the girls!
Yamato: Guess I'll get the guys.
Cookie: Master's at work, so he won't be coming back.
Yamato: Then I guess it's just Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: You ain't gotta call me. I know when we eat.
Yamato: But I'm glad you waited for me to call.
Tadakatsu: Like hell I did. You just got lucky, is all.
*I returned to see everyone else had already arrived.*
Chris: Mayucchi, you have been in the kitchen for quite a while now.
Yukie: Yes. Mrs. Shimazu allowed me to help with the cooking.
Yamato: You don't have to do that.
Yukie: I want to be of use to everyone.
*She was giving it her all.*
Miyako: So if I win Mayucchi over, I can dye the dining table red...
Yamato: I feel like you're plotting something terrifying.
Chris: May I make a request of my own?
Tadakatsu: Don't go makin' anything weird.
*However, I'd bet good money the main course was made by Mrs. Shimazu.*
Chris: Yet it must be quite a lot of work to cook so much.
Yukie: That's not true at all. I enjoy it.
Yamato: Isn't that right, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: Why're you askin' me?
Yamato: I mean, you're a good cook, too.
Tadakatsu: When there ain't no one else around, I gotta take care of myself.
Yamato: Gen-san, you're so self-reliant.
Yamato: I'll need to put in a decent effort myself.
Chris: Again with that? You ought to learn from the examples Mayucchi and Class Rep set.
Yamato: You're bringing up Class Rep?
Yukie: You must mean 2-F's class rep. What sort of person is she?
Miyako: Tiny.
Chris: She is always completely serious, and a truly wonderful person.
Yamato: I think she's a hard worker.
*But I couldn't find value in unrewarded toil.*
Chris: Everyone gathers around the Class Rep. She's the leader of our class.
Yukie: She has a lot of friends? I'm jealous. Someday, I'd like to talk with her, too.
Shouichi: Leader? Did someone call?!
Yamato: Not really, no.
Shouichi: Aw, don't be like that. Capt's back!
*It was like he'd been waiting for this moment to appear.*
Chika: Say, Naocchi...
Yamato: What?
Chika: I almost feel like you've had your sights on Mayo lately.
Yamato: No, it's not like that.
Miyako: ...Mhm.
*Even if I were, I could never say that here.*
Yamato: She gets good grades, so if she knows any tricks to getting good grades, I want to know.
Chika: Well, I would like to know those tricks myself.
Yamato: You two are always together.
Chika: Honestly, I'd like to hang out with her more on days off, too.
Yamato: I guess both of you have it rough.
Chika: I'm free on weekdays, but Mayo doesn't have time then, either.
Yamato: Then she never has time to rest.
*Lunch break ended, and classes continued.*
Kyojin: Today in anthropology, we're having a future consulting fair.
Kyojin: I know some of you haven't decided what you're going to do.
Gakuto: I wrote to be Ms. Ume's husband, but she made me redo it.
Kyojin: You'll be repeating sophomore year, so there's no need to decide right away.
Yamato: True.
Gakuto: No, it's not!
Kyojin: Stop and think for a second. A teacher is more likely to shack up with a fellow teacher. I'm here if you need a shoulder to cry on.
Kazuko: What about her and Assistant Master Lu?
Kyojin: No way. That guy's a veteran virgin.
*He casually dropped that bombshell.*
Kyojin: So as you can see, writing stuff like that can backfire on you.
Takuya: Clearly.
Gakuto: Unbelievable. The world is a scary place even for nice guys.
Kyojin: I know those of you who've already had your forms accepted are bored, but for the sake of my paycheck, try to put up with it.
*I was in that boat, and definitely bored.*
Takuya: Hey, Yamato, give this a try.
Yamato: Hm? Is this a challenge from Gates?
*It was a software developer test question.*
Takuya: I gave it a shot, but got stumped.
Yamato: Let's see...
*Question 1. While crossing the Pacific Ocean, a boat drops a bag filled with money into the sea. What's the change in the water level?*
Yamato: Gates definitely wrote this test. Anyone else would panic if they dropped a bag of money in the ocean, not consider the water level.
Takuya: People only talk about the rise in sea level when global warming comes up.
*Physics wasn't my specialty, but...*
It wouldn't change
It would barely increase
Depending on the circumstances, it could decrease
Yamato: The net weight of the boat would decrease, but as long as the total combined weight didn't change, the displacement should be constant.
Takuya: I know that sounds right, but it's incorrect.
Yamato: Well, physics isn't my strong suit. I'll have to get better at it.
Takuya: Apparently, depending on the circumstances, the water level could decrease.
Yamato: Now that I think about it, even if everything sank, their displacement might not be the same.
*These questions really did require close reading.*
*No need to overthink this, I thought.*
Yamato: If the luggage sinks, the displacement will increase and the water level will rise.
Takuya: Too bad. I thought so, too, but that's wrong.
Yamato: I figured gold coins would be heavier than the water, but...
*Was I not thinking this through the right way?*
Takuya: Apparently, depending on the circumstances, the water level could decrease.
Yamato: I see. Until the bag's dropped in the water, it causes the boat to sink deeper and its displacement to rise.
*A top company's exams were clearly nothing to scoff at.*
Yamato: If the luggage sank, the weight of the equivalent volume of water would be lighter than the bag itself.
Takuya: So what's that mean?
Yamato: Basically, the boat gets lighter and displaces less water. The water level would naturally decrease.
Yamato: But the average person imagines a ton of money, they picture a bag full of bills, right? Those would float, so the water level wouldn't change.
Takuya: Amazing, Yamato. You really thought through all the edge cases. You're right.
*Somehow, I had pulled it off.*
Takuya: There's a ton of questions like this.
Yamato: They must be trying to test the applicant's fundamental knowledge of physics, along with his ability to adapt towards unexpected questions.
Takuya: You're really good at thinking like that, huh?
Yamato: Unlike in math, there's not always just one right answer.
*So you had to come up with the best response.*
*............*
Umeko: Today is the last day to resubmit the form detailing your future plans.
Umeko: I shall be either in the teacher's lounge or at the archery range. Be sure to submit. Same to anyone who's changed his or her mind.
*Homeroom ended.*
Gakuto: Let's kill some time, Moro.
Takuya: Okay, but don't you have to resubmit your form?
Gakuto: I'm aimin' for when she'll be at the archery range.
Yamato: Why's that, again?
Gakuto: Because I'll get to see her in her archery uniform.
Shouichi: What's so interesting about that?
Gakuto: It's manly! It's ambitious! It's adventurous!
Shouichi: But there's nothing interesting about an archery range.
Gakuto: So anyways, when Ms. Ume shows, give me a call.
Miyako: Waha, I'll skip club today.
Yamato: Go.
Miyako: I'll see you there.
*I had to watch out for her. She rarely went on days I didn't explicitly tell her to go.*
Shouichi: Let's get going, Yamato.
Yamato: Well, it's not like I have anything better to do.
*Capt and I were walking down the Tama Bridge.*
Jun: Okay, nothing out-of-the-ordinary today.
Shouichi: Ain't you the thing out of the ordinary here?
Jun: Well, that greeting came out of nowhere.
Yamato: What're you doing here?
Jun: Earlier, I received word of a young girl molested here by a lolicon.
Shouichi: And that lolicon wasn't you?
Jun: My love ain't that vulgar! All I want is to watch over them from the shadows. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: You're as twisted as they come.
*As so many people on the Bridge of Weirdos tended to be.*
Mayo: What are you doing here?
Yamato: Oh, Class Rep.
Jun: I am patrolling the bridge, miss!
Shouichi: Did his voice just change?
Mayo: Did something happen?
Jun: Earlier, a little girl barely escaped a predator.
Mayo: That's terrifying. If I happen to find them, I'll shout. That will drive them off.
Shouichi: But if you tried that, wouldn't they snatch you up?
Mayo: If they're going after little girls, why would they go after me?
Jun: Oh, I want to protect you. You're stirring my fatherly instincts.
*Inoue said, struggling to control himself.*
Mayo: Patrolling is important, but please make sure you're not too late getting home.
Yamato: We're on our way home now.
*I saw her off.*
Shouichi: Class Rep's in a rough spot, ain't she? They're gonna go straight after her.
Jun: Not on my watch. By my love I swear it.
Yamato: I guess that's... promising.
*Well, it wasn't like anything major had happened.*
Mayo: One, two. One, two.
Bookstore Owner: Bandana, ain't that there your classmate?
Shouichi: Hm? Oh, it's Class Rep.
Bookstore Owner: I see her 'round here every day, right about this time.
Shouichi: Isn't there something going on right about now?
Bookstore Owner: It's the supermarkets' bargain sales, ya idiot.
Shouichi: But look at her. She looks like she's gonna collapse any second now. She all right?
Bookstore Owner: I ain't never seen her fall. She's got a hold of herself.
*............*
Mayo: Oh, shoot.
Yamato: Hm? What's she doing around here?
Mayo: Well, this is frustrating.
*It looked like she was in trouble.*
Yamato: What's up, Class Rep?
Mayo: Excuse me, Naoe-chan. Are you free?
Yamato: Huh?
*Wait, was she asking me out? No, that'd be silly.*
Mayo: If you are, could you accompany me briefly?
Yamato: Sure, I guess.
Mayo: Thank you so much!
*I'd figured out by then that she was asking me to accompany her shopping.*
Mayo: Eggs are limited to only one carton per customer, so...
Yamato: Oh, okay.
*Exactly what I expected. Which was kind of boring.*
Yamato: You know, why don't you come along with me?
Mayo: Okay, I'm good for a little while.
*And so I invited her instead.*
Mayo: This place looks very expensive.
Yamato: Nah, this is just a family restaurant.
*This was her reaction to Gosto's?*
Mayo: I don't really even go out to eat.
Yamato: I invited you, so it's my treat. Order whatever you'd like.
Mayo: You already helped me with shopping. I couldn't ask you to treat me to food, too.
Yamato: Well, you're always helping me out. Please, let me return the favor.
Mayo: All right, then. I'll enjoy myself.
Yamato: What do you want to eat?
Mayo: It's before dinnertime, so I will have a sandwich.
*I had thought she'd go for a dessert, but instead, a sandwich.*
Mayo: I've come to think of you as a little brother, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Don't you kinda see all the guys in our class as your younger brothers?
Mayo: That's because they are younger. They look like children to me.
*That must be why she's so nice to everyone.*
Mayo: However, why invite me here?
Yamato: I've never really had a casual conversation with you, so I thought it'd be nice for once.
Mayo: I wouldn't expect talking with me to be that interesting.
Yamato: Of course it is. Besides, I want to talk to you about studying.
Mayo: But Naoe-chan, aren't your grades good?
Yamato: Not as good as I'd like. I was wondering if you had any secrets.
Mayo: I just listen carefully to what the teachers say and memorize it.
*She made it sound easy.*
Mayo: I try to do the memorization while working from home.
Yamato: You can do both at once?
Mayo: It depends on the job. When all I have to do is stick pins into holes, it isn't too hard.
*Oh, so that was the sort of work she did.*
Yamato: You're really skillful.
*Since she had so little time to spare, she had learned to use that time efficiently.*
Mayo: I don't know how useful that would be to you, though.
Yamato: I mean, I guess you just put in the time to do well.
Mayo: You're a hard-working boy, Naoe-chan, so I'm not worried about you. In a good way.
*She smiled broadly.*
Yamato: (Ah.)
*Looking at her was strangely calming.*
Mayo: Oh, I have to head home.
Yamato: Oh. Sorry to drag you all the way out here.
Mayo: I'm the class representative. Of course I'll take the time to listen to a classmate's troubles.
Yamato: Ah, off she goes...
*I'd wanted to talk to her a little more, but oh well.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. Well? Look how high you are.
Little Lolita: Wah! The sky's so close.
Momoyo: That's an interesting response. You really put me at ease.
*When I headed outside, I saw Nee-san holding up a young girl.*
Little Lolita: Thank you very much.
Momoyo: Look! See how high you are!
Little Lolita: Eeek!
*They looked happy, so I let them be.*
Momoyo: Whoops. Knew I was forgetting something important. Gotta run!
Little Lolita: 'Kay!
*She set the girl down and ran over to me.*
Yamato: I wasn't going to say anything, you know.
Momoyo: And I was just starting to get hungry.
Yamato: What was stopping you from having the girl feed you, like you normally do?
Momoyo: You're more dependable.
*And there went my feeling of calm.*
Yamato: Who was the girl?
Momoyo: Jealous? She's a freshman. Seems she heard what I said over the radio.
Yamato: She doesn't look like a freshman.
Momoyo: She looks like that Mayo-Mayo girl you were with earlier, you lolicon.
Yamato: Were you watching the whole thing?
*Still, only Nee-san would sponge off of someone who just left Gosto's.*
*The sports festival had been today.*
Shouichi: Man, I was awesome out there.
Miyako: Of course Capt's talking that way about himself.
Gakuto: Between my unstoppable power, Capt's leadership, and Yamato's ingenuity, there was no way we could lose.
Yamato: Moro's information served us well, too.
Takuya: Though I wasn't really able to find out anything important.
Yamato: Knowing who was going to compete was huge.
Takuya: Which I only found out because I have so little presence that I can walk right up to them and they'll never even notice. It's a curse.
*We had worked this well together for years.*
Kazuko: Why are you boys trying to take all the credit? You better not have forgotten about me.
*Wanko had come out of nowhere to become our main powerhouse.*
Chris: Regardless, I was taken aback by the horseback, archery and falconry competitions. Only in Japan can you find such majesty.
Takuya: Falconry isn't really even a sport.
Shouichi: It was so cool. Like treasure hunting!
Takuya: But treasure doesn't run away from you.
Mitsuru: Treasure doesn't taste good. I'll take that trade.
Yamato: But eating stew on a blazing hot summer day is insane.
*That lunch had set my entire body on fire.*
Mayo: Good work today.
Gakuto: Oh, thanks.
*Class Rep was handing out towels to everyone.*
Chika: Winning feels totally awesome.
Yamato: Good thing all our allies were classes we're on good terms with.
*If we had been matched up with, say, 2-S, any attempts to bring everyone together might have been a lost cause.*
Mayo: Good work to you, too, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: You should take a break soon yourself.
Mayo: I'll rest after I finish handing these out.
*She said, even though she was clearly as tired as the rest of us.*
Ikurou: So yeah, I got a huge haul.
Mitsuru: Mnn, the stew was really good. Let's have stew tonight, too.
Suguru: Hmph. I can see in my eyes the sight of 2-S suffering.
Kokoro: I am vexed. Truly vexed!
Margit: I believe there was a problem with our strategy.
Jun: There's no way the Young Master would err.
Touma: Results are everything, Jun.
Koyuki: I could've gone on and on and on.
Touma: No. Any further would have been dangerous.
Jun: It was that freshman Mayuzumi, wasn't it? There was no way to know she'd be that good.
Kokoro: Given that she comes from a good family, I will acknowledge her.
Margit: Someday, I would like to fight her in genuine combat.
Jun: But she wouldn't have mattered if only Hideo and the maid were around.
Touma: He had no choice but to prioritize the Conglomerate.
Kokoro: Anyone who is absent in my moment of need is simply useless.
Touma: I believe that is another debt on the ledger, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: ..........
Mayo: Why the long face?
Yamato: It's just that, this time, we got lucky.
*And a tactician shouldn't rely on luck.*
Mayo: Take it easy. There's no need for you to overthink everything. There, there.
*After I sat down, she started patting my head.*
Chika: Well, someone looks like he's enjoying himself.
Yamato: Huh? Yeah.
Mayo: Isn't he so cute? Good boy.
*Well, right then and there, I couldn't deny it.*
Miyako: Now then, should we get moving...
Takuya: Let's get going, Yamato.
Yamato: Yeah.
*Either we retreated now, or I'd have a sour Miyako to deal with.*
*We hadn't been able to gather yesterday, so we had an emergency meeting today.*
Shouichi: Lemme say it again -- we kicked butt out there!
*We toasted the cold drinks Cookie had made for us.*
Momoyo: They barely even put up a fight.
Takuya: No one can put up a fight against you, Momo-senpai.
Gakuto: I have never felt less fantastic.
Kazuko: It was such a relief I didn't have to see him in fundoshi underwear.
Chris: A fundoshi, you say?!
Miyako: Gakuto, looks like Chris locked on to the word 'fundoshi'.
Gakuto: Okay! Startin' tonight, I'll wear one regularly.
Kazuko: Gakuto, I am never talking to you ever again.
Gakuto: Like I care if you don't, Wanko.
Chris: Nor would I.
Gakuto: Then what's the point?!
Shouichi: When our Family works together, we're invincible.
Yukie: Umm, was I useful, too?
Yamato: Your presence was what threw off Aoi's calculation.
*You could even say that had led to our victory.*
Kazuko: None of us wanted to lose, huh.
Momoyo: We did have about half the world's power on our side.
Gakuto: Half? That's amazing. Couldn't you take over the world?
Takuya: Isn't all of that might coming from you, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: Heh heh. I wouldn't say 'all'. Right, Mayu-Mayu?
Yukie: Wh-what's she trying to say, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: It means she thinks you're a badass.
Yukie: B-But I still have so much to learn!
Yamato: Really, it's thanks to Class Rep doing well for us in the lottery.
Chris: That happened because she endeavors day in and day out, unlike a certain someone.
Yamato: Though we did have someone on our side who lost in a 5-round match to an opponent who was sick and out of luck.
Chris: Do not bring up the ancient past!
Shouichi: Now that the big event's over and done with, I'm so bored.
Yamato: The semester exams are coming up, so for now, study.
Chris: It is good that things are peaceful.
Takuya: I wouldn't say that. Lately, there's been reports of perverts in the neighborhood.
Yamato: Whoa. Gakuto wouldn't do that sort of thing.
Kazuko: Sorry, Gakuto, for suspecting you.
Shouichi: I believed in you from the start.
Yukie: Yes, as did I!
Gakuto: I couldn't ask for a nicer group of friends.
Takuya: By the way, they're apparently targeting little girls.
Gakuto: And that must be why all suspicion of me has been dropped.
*I worried about Mayo. She might be targeted.*
Miyako: A little girl fad? Are people that stupid?
Momoyo: You look so cute when you're pouting, Miyako. It makes me want to get my hands all over you.
Miyako: Hey, hey, Yamato, I'm the smallest one here.
Yamato: Don't try to force your way into the fad.
Takuya: She's actually using even that as a weapon.
Gakuto: Enough talk about lolis. There's so many sexier things to talk about.
Yamato: Sexy, eh...?
*She was a loli, sure, but Class Rep was plenty sexy.*
Yamato: (W-Wait, what am I thinking?)
*There was nothing forcing me to tie things to Class Rep.*
*Semester finals were a week away.*
Miyako: It's time to study, Wanko.
Chris: After all, Dog, you never study outside of school.
Kazuko: Yamato, help! The two of them got me surrounded!
Yamato: And I make the third. You're looking for reinforcements in the wrong place.
Takuya: Gakuto, mind if I head over there?
Gakuto: You goin' to abandon me? Then my summer has come to an end.
Takuya: If you're that worried, then study. You really are hopeless without me.
Suguru: Route confirmed.
Takuya: I'd rather raise a death flag than that.
Suguru: There is no true BL in the 3D world. All becomes hard gay.
Takuya: Forget a bad end -- we bought the wrong game.
Suguru: Have we no escape, save a normal ending?
Takuya: Yeah, there's nothing better to dream for. If I became a creator, I'd definitely never make a game like that.
Shouichi: Oh, Wanko, looks like you're in a pinch.
Kazuko: My body shakes when I'm not holding my dumbbell.
Shouichi: Whoa, you're going through withdrawal? I'll save you!
Miyako: I won't yield here, Capt. Not even to you.
Yamato: If you get in our way, we'll steal your freedom, too.
Shouichi: Heh. The wind simply blows on through.
Kazuko: Stop acting so cool when you're being so lame.
*We weren't the only ones spending our break studying.*
Chika: I didn't take any notes on this.
Mayo: If you only listen and don't write things down, you won't remember them. You have to recall what they said to memorize it.
Chika: Everything that happened during Ms. Ume's classes sticks in my head, but Maro's lectures just don't.
Mayo: That's because Ms. Kojima is such a good teacher.
Chika: Well, I've forgotten most of that, too.
Mayo: Keep at it. Please, copy my notes.
Chika: Mind if I photocopy it?
Mayo: I do. If you don't write it yourself, you'll never remember it.
*While I had to keep one eye on Wanko, I kept my other on those two.*
Yamato: They're fervently studying, too, in their own way.
Chris: Incidentally, Miyako, is not the Sengoku era missing from this textbook's chronology?
*She tilted her head, puzzled. The Kamakura, Muromachi, and Azuchi-Momoyama periods were all listed.*
Miyako: The Sengoku period was a hidden period, so you can only find it if you buy the right textbook.
Chris: Oh. Yes, one must treat secrets carefully.
Kazuko: Huh? Really?!
*Even Wanko reacted.*
Yamato: Looks like you can handle this by yourself, Miyako.
Miyako: No, Yamato. Without you, I'll...
Yamato: Let's put some distance between us. We're together too much.
Miyako: That setup might work. I can't wait for what's coming next.
*Now that Miyako had consented, I headed over to Class Rep and Chika.*
Mayo: Do you want to study, too, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: I have to boost myself, too.
Chika: So then, I'll play with Haguro for a bit.
Haguro: I-It's not like I was feeling lonely or anything.
Suguru: *snort*
Chika: Who are you supposed to be?
Haguro: The magazine said this was second only to maids. And older boys are totally weak against this sort of thing.
Chika: What are you even on? I've never heard that.
Takuya: That sort of information shows up late in normal magazines.
Suguru: Such a statement may only be uttered by Kugimura's voice, and hers alone!
Takuya: Well, she certainly does have deep-rooted popularity.
*I studied with Class Rep.*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, this calculation here is incorrect.
Yamato: Oh, shoot. I didn't notice.
Mayo: Heh-hem. I'm brushing up on my history, so if there's anything you don't know, please ask.
Yamato: Oh, that's the wrong kanji.
Mayo: Awawa. Did I actually do that?
*Both of us had the fundamentals down, so careless errors were the only thing that could set us apart.*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, you're perfect at social studies.
Yamato: And your strengths seem to be science and math. All of your formulas are spot-on.
Mayo: You lose points in literature if you don't write the answer using kanji, which always makes things tough.
Yamato: Math gives partial credit, but having to write the formulas and show my work is so annoying.
*If we each watched out for the other, we'd make fewer mistakes.*
*Our scores were close, but it was easier to go from a 0 to a 50 than from a 50 to a 100.*
Yamato: With Mr. Ayanokouji, the history teacher, there's no need to study anything outside of the Heian era.
Mayo: Well, this sidebar is also within the scope of the test, so...
*We had touched on some material from before the Heian era.*
Yamato: It's certainly on the pages covered by the test, but you can just ignore that.
Mayo: It's hard to figure out what to cut, isn't it?
Yamato: Well, I figure that, if you skip those useless bits, you'll wind up having a lot less to remember.
Mayo: However, if I work hard I can still remember everything, and that might prove useful in the future.
Yamato: The future, huh...
*I studied out of a love of learning, but I couldn't imagine a job where history would be useful.*
Mayo: Yes. That's why I study so much.
Yamato: I guess that's better than not studying.
*Maybe her way of thinking would work, too.*
*Personally, I tried to bank time so I could use to have fun.*
*Was that the difference between us?*
Yamato: You're amazing, Class Rep.
Mayo: I'm only doing what I can.
*But so few people who say those words could actually succeed.*
*I respected her from the bottom of my heart.*
Kazuko: It's time for the news.
Miyako: Political economics also has questions on current events, so we don't lose anything by listening in.
Announcer: There have been a series of violent incidents in the Greater Kawakami Prefecture region targeting women.
Haguro: Shit. Chikarin, am I goin' to lose my purity?
Chika: Do you have any purity left to lose?
Kazuko: It's so dangerous.
Chris: They must be punished in the name of Justice.
Miyako: So long as my friends aren't victims, it's no problem to me. In other words, hakuna matata.
Kazuko: If they attack me, I'll fight them off!
*We'd never worried before about such threats.*
Chris: Now that you mention it, earlier, a man I had never seen before called out to me and said, 'Long time no see'!
*Solicitors, proselytizers, and womanizers were far scarier.*
Chika: Then he was hitting on you. Nice -- was he hot?
Chris: Well, I did not know him, so I spurned his advances.
Haguro: What a waste. You gotta think about those things after you've had a taste.
Chika: Well, maybe that's a bit too aggressive.
Chris: I thought to turn around and deliver a warning, but the person suddenly vanished.
Yamato: Literally?
Chris: Yeah.
Takuya: Sudden disappearances are an amazing phenomenon, huh.
Chris: Perhaps some trustworthy being is watching over me.
Yamato: We Japanese really do have a low ability to sense danger.
*And so everyone in our classroom grew more precautious.*
Kazuko: Now that I've done lots of studying, I can do lots of training.
Miyako: That's right. Isn't that nice?
Chris: Today, we can head home together.
Takuya: And there's no club activities today. Not that anyone besides Miyako is in a club.
Yamato: But I do participate in a club.
Gakuto: How can I remain a nice guy if I don't train daily?
Shouichi: Even so, I've still work.
*Some things never changed.*
Kazuko: So let's get going already.
Miyako: Okay, okay. We girls will have fun by ourselves today.
Chris: Lately, Miyako, seeing you has made me smile.
Miyako: Whahah, soon that smile will be warped by shame.
Takuya: Now I'm worried. I'm going too.
*Now, as for me...*
Yamato: You always study at school, don't you, Class Rep? Mind if I sit next to you?
Mayo: Not at all. I can't really focus well at home, so...
*After club activities, I stopped by the classroom.*
Yamato: I live in a dorm, so I don't really have much trouble doing so.
Mayo: A dorm, huh? You aren't lonely?
Yamato: We're all close there, so it's fun.
Mayo: Even so, I doubt I could ever stand to live apart from my family.
Yamato: I've gotten used to it. Oh, but we need to study.
Mayo: Yes, we do.
*............*
*Class Rep still hadn't gone home.*
Yamato: Isn't it about time for you to be heading home?
Mayo: My mother is feeling well today, so I can leave the cooking to her.
Yamato: Not like that. I've heard things are dangerous these days.
Mayo: Really?
Yamato: Apparently, there's a pervert who's been going after little girls.
Mayo: As I previously said back at the bridge, I can't imagine such a person going after me.
*Where in the world did *that* confidence come from?*
Mayo: I certainly might be on the short side.
Yamato: Well, at least you're aware of that.
Mayo: However, the big girl pheromones overflowing from me will stop them from noticing my height.
Yamato: Be that as it may, let me walk you home.
Mayo: Isn't my house in the opposite direction of your dorm?
Yamato: That's irrelevant... Wait. You knew?
Mayo: I have looked up where every student lives, just in case something were to happen.
Yamato: I mean, I've made plans in case of an earthquake, but...
*I could barely remember everyone in the Family's details.*
*How could she pack so much information into such a tiny body?*
Mayo: Thanks to you, Naoe-chan, I think I am going to get even better grades than ever before.
Yamato: I could say the same to you.
Mayo: Oh, this is my neighborhood.
*The area was dark. Ominous.*
Yamato: Let me take you all the way home.
Mayo: No, here is close enough.
*Did she not want me to see her house?*
Yamato: (She's probably just worried about any rumors that might spread. I should back off.)
Mayo: Then I'll see you tomorrow.
*After seeing the Class Rep off, I started off for home when...*
Slacker 1: Heh heh heh. We might've screwed up with the glass window...
Slacker 2: But this time we're gonna have fun, Trash-kun.
Slacker 1: But we're on probation.
Slacker 2: Juvenile law's so harsh these days. How are we supposed to live our lives?
Yamato: ...No, it's just not safe.
*I turned back around.*
Mayo: It's gotten rather late.
Deviant: I-I hear a cute voice. Is it from over here?
Mayo: Wah!
Deviant: Out walking alone at this hour? You're a bad girl.
Mayo: W-Wait, what are you doing?!
Deviant: Bad girls need to be educated. Now, get in the car.
Mayo: S-Stop, please... My brothers are waiting for me.
Deviant: Ahh, I just love it when they cry like a child wanting to go home.
Mayo: I-I'm not a child!
Deviant: The girls here walk around completely defenseless. What a great city.
Yamato: Excuse me, sir! There's a suspicious man over that way!
Deviant: Oh...
Mayo: N-Naoe-chan!
Yamato: ..........
Deviant: Stay away, you... man! Though, if you were cuter then maybe I'd think about it.
*I silently approached but he kept his distance.*
Yamato: ..........
Deviant: I'll be back!
*I grabbed for my Wanko Whistle -- but no. It was too late.*
Yamato: His license plate number is... I can't tell. It's too dark.
*The car grew distant.*
*Why couldn't I have figured out faster that he was a pervert?*
Mayo: Um, well...
Yamato: Are you all right, Class Rep?
Mayo: Ahaha. What a bad boy you are, trying to take a shortcut.
*She wasn't actually trying to put on a brave face, was she?*
Mayo: Oh, this time I'll walk you home, Naoe-chan!
Yamato: I'm fine. More importantly, your legs are shaking.
Mayo: I-It's just your imagination.
Yamato: Why is it that the world's so strange?
*Why did this have to happen?*
*What could I hope to find in the country my father abandoned?*
Yamato: Why do idiots have to make it so hard for diligent people to live their lives?
Mayo: I'm fine, so...
Yamato: How do you keep on smiling?
Mayo: When you look so sad, Naoe-chan, there's no way I can be sad, too.
*How could you be so mature?*
Yamato: Then what if I smiled?
Mayo: Then I would smile with you. There would be no need to be sad.
*I couldn't understand. How could she pull off that expression?*
*How could she put up with everything? Did her surroundings force her to?*
Yamato: But even so, if you do get sad, if you can't put up with it anymore...
Yamato: ...I swear I'll come to save you!
Mayo: ...Okay. If that happens, then please.
*Her voice, then, sounded a touch fragile.*
Umeko: Those who failed will be forced to give up their summer break to attend makeup classes.
Haguro: Seriously? That totally sucks. So my D's in school mean I can't get any D?
Ikurou: My carefully planned month-long cumfest!
*The ones who failed crumbled.*
Kazuko: I barely managed to pass!
Chris: I feel as if you but barely passed far too many subjects, Dog.
Kazuko: Maybe I'm lucky.
Miyako: You can't rely on luck. But you did your best, so I'll spoil you rotten.
Kazuko: Eh-heh. Eh-heh-heh.
Shouichi: You always know when to use the carrot and when to use the stick.
Miyako: Because I've experienced it firsthand. The first time was with Yamato. (She glanced my way.)
Yamato: How'd you do, Class Rep?
Miyako: I want Yamato's comeback. I need it!
Takuya: Yes, yes, let's stay calm here at school.
Mayo: Well, this time, my grades actually dropped a little.
*She'd fallen below me in every subject.*
Chika: You didn't do too well this time, did you, Mayo?
Mayo: ...Ahaha. I guess I studied the wrong material.
Chika: I know that feeling. It happens.
*Her excuses didn't make sense. I knew she'd studied everything the tests covered.*
Yamato: You couldn't concentrate?
Mayo: That might have been it. Things were so noisy at home.
*Ever since that day, she hadn't stayed late at school.*
Mayo: It's not like my little brothers were mean to me. This is my problem.
Chika: And it's not like you're going to lose your scholarship.
Mayo: Even so, I will need to make up for this during the winter semester.
Chika: Don't push yourself too hard.
Chika: You need to let yourself relax. I've got plans to hang out with a friend after school. Wanna come?
Mayo: Are you sure you want me to join you?
Chika: She's younger than us, but she's really cheerful. I know you'll get along great.
Mayo: Hearing that she's younger does make me interested.
Chika: Then that settles it.
Jun: Kazama, it's almost time.
Shouichi: It's been ages. Still, a request now? Right before summer break?
Jun: ...Well, it's time to go all the same.
Shouichi: Sorry, Inoue, but this time I'm winning the auction.
Jun: Nice spirit you've got there. I know I can entrust it to you.
Shouichi: What're you already tryin' to run and hide for? Stand your ground and fight!
Jun: This time is different. I'll explain later.
*Capt left along with Inoue.*
Miyako: We should go play, too.
Yamato: I get it. You don't have to grab my arm.
*I was curious to see how Nee-san and Mayucchi did.*
*............*
Angel: This pipsqueak's your BFF, Chikarin?
Mayo: You shouldn't speak that way to a girl older than you.
Angel: What's the big deal? I'm shit at bein' all stuffy.
Mayo: That's understandable, but... Wah!
Angel: You got the same haircut as me. Though, you got yours all shortish.
Chika: It must be nice, having such long hair. Maybe I should get extensions, too.
Angel: Mine's 100% real. 'Cause screw getting it cut, and I love feelin' it swing.
Chika: I'm so jealous. It's so silky and pretty.
Angel: Kya ha ha. Well, yeah.
Mayo: ..........
Chika: Oh, sorry, I've got a call.
Angel: It's fine. Mayo and I'll talk.
Mayo: Uh, ermm...
Angel: What ya usually do, Mayo?
Mayo: Me? I'm usually caring for my little brothers.
Angel: I'm the youngest in my family, so I don't get none of that. And I don't remember no one ever caring for me.
Mayo: Oh, you have elder siblings?
Angel: They all do what they want, whippin' guys, playin', sleepin' all day, startin' shit.
Mayo: A-Aren't those all bad things?
Angel: None of that means nothin' to me.
Mayo: But aren't you causing problems for oth-
Angel: I don't give a shit. Doin' what you want's way more fun.
Mayo: You shouldn't do whatever you want just because it's fun.
Angel: C'mon, Mayo, don't you wanna be free?
Mayo: Huh?
Angel: All that family shit's gotta be dull.
Mayo: Th-That's not true at all.
Angel: Ain't you noticed? The last few things you've said ain't had any bite to them.
Mayo: That's not true.
Angel: Living life in the slow lane's dumb. You only get one life.
Mayo: Only one life...?
Angel: That's why I do what I want.
Mayo: I mean, even I...
Chika: I didn't recognize the number, so I thought maybe it was something, but it was just a mail order company-wait, what's wrong?
Mayo: I-It's nothing.
Angel: Chikarin, you're always having so much fun.
Chika: Obviously. I'd never choose to do something annoying.
Angel: Yeah, who wouldn't? Ahaha.
Mayo: You think that way, too, Chika-chan?
Chika: That's the way I am. And I wish you'd live how you want to as well.
Mayo: Is that how it is? Ahh...
Lu: Good work on all your tests.
History Teacher: We have for you a single job to do before the summer break.
Sumo Club Member: I'm so hungry. I want meal tickets.
Baseball Catcher: Word on the street is, I'll get to eat grub.
American Football Club Member: I'm gonna eat it all right now.
Shouichi: Where'd these guys catch wind of this?
History Teacher: There is no place for those sorts here.
Lu: Any who have the passion to participate in the auction are welcome.
Archery Club Captain: I would like to acquire meal tickets before the summer tourney.
History Teacher: Yaba is courteous and elegant, no?
Koppou Club Captain: GIVE ME FOOD TICKETS.
History Teacher: But this one is out of the question.
Shouichi: Man, the jocks are in full force. So anyways, what's the case?
Jun: Sorry for the bad timing, everyone.
Shouichi: What, Baldie? You're the client?!
Lu: This the only case we have this time. What do you think, Mr Ayanokouji?
History Teacher: Let us bid farewell to he who seeks young maidens for their buds to pluck.
Lu: A villainous crime. I might even resort to firebreathing to finish off the perpetrator.
History Teacher: Mr. Lu, it is good to see you overflowing with a sense of justice, but we are leaving this in the hands of the students.
Jun: It's thanks to guys like him that everyone gives me weird stares.
Archery Club Captain: I do not see terribly much difference between you.
Jun: You might be my senpai, but I won't let that stand. I love little girls from the bottom of my heart!
Archery Club Captain: Whoa... *cough* That was quite passionate.
Lu: Everyone has their own opinions. Regardless, right now, let us bid.
Jun: I'll be helping to find the culprit.
Lu: This is a difficult one. We have little information on the individual, so the payment is set to 300 high-quality meal tickets.
Archery Club Captain: We deem 270 tickets an appropriate compensation.
Shouichi: Looks like you splurged, Baldie. 250 tickets!
Koppou Club Captain: 240, PEACE!
Sumo Club Member: Gotta speak up 'fore they're all gone. 230 tickets!
American Football Club Member: Mm, we'll do it for 220 tickets. That'll last a week.
Baseball Catcher: 210 tickets. If I use them for low-quality food, I can eat more.
Shouichi: This ain't the place for newbies. 150 tickets!
Sumo Club Member: If I go any lower, I won't be able to satisfy my stomach.
American Football Club Member: Being hungry sucks, huh.
Baseball Catcher: I guess we pass, too.
Koppou Club Captain: HIGH RISK NO TOUCH.
Archery Club Captain: One must not over-pursue her targets.
History Teacher: Then Kazama is the winner?
Lu: There's no one else, so Kazama has the winning bid!
Jun: I thought you'd win.
Shouichi: Obviously. We gotta settle this before summer break starts.
*............*
*We were all summoned to gather at the secret base.*
Yamato: This is great, Capt. If Inoue hadn't put in a request, I might have.
Shouichi: Maybe finding out that Class Rep had gotten mixed up in this is why he ponied up the base fee.
Kazuko: But even this is a ton of tickets.
Gakuto: Now I can eat five times a day.
Takuya: I won't stop you. You could actually eat that much.
Momoyo: I'm obviously in, too. Though I'll probably stick to selling my tickets like usual.
Yukie: Today, I would like to take mine early.
Matsukaze: You really grown, Mayucchi. You took second!
Miyako: However, you still seem a little hesitant.
Takuya: With how little information we have, maybe I can do a lot.
Kazuko: I can exchange these for training equipment.
Chris: You may split my share with the others, as I do not eat at the cafeteria.
Yamato: I won't say another word.
*It ought to be fair to put the remaining tickets towards maintaining our base.*
Shouichi: Now then, first, let's discuss strategy.
Yamato: Let's go over the situation. The culprit is probably the person I witnessed.
Takuya: Based on what?
Yamato: The culprit they were talking about on the news hasn't been caught.
Miyako: And he's frequently appeared within the prefecture.
Takuya: Did you get a good look at his face?
Yamato: It was too dark to really see, but he had a distinctive voice.
Momoyo: The freshman girl I was playing with earlier was saying he went after her, too.
Yamato: I'm surprised you didn't punish him then.
Momoyo: If I start up and punching people without making sure I've got the right guy, who knows what Gramps would do to me?
Yamato: I guess there's that.
Momoyo: However, next time we meet, I'm breaking his bones.
Takuya: I guess you're not going to let him come quietly.
Yukie: However, where do you think he'll appear?
Yamato: He's attacking students from our school, so it's likely he's still lurking somewhere nearby.
Takuya: Since you can't remember his face, all we can do is narrow down where he might appear?
Yamato: It's risky, but we'll have to setup a sting.
Chris: That sounds like something devious that should be avoided.
Yamato: You mean a sting operation? It's our only chance.
Chris: Oh. If it is an operation, then I suppose we must.
Gakuto: Is there anyone in the Family who can be the bait?
Momoyo: Well, there's Mororo.
Takuya: Why am I the first person to come to mind?!
Yamato: So then, let's have a loli voice audition.
Shouichi: Sounds fun.
Yamato: Let's start with Mayucchi.
Yukie: As the only freshman, I'm sure you're all expecting a lot from me.
Matsukaze: Go get 'em, Mayucchi. Go show 'em that young girls got spunk!
Shouichi: Don't you think that voice already gives us our answer?
Yamato: Maybe. She can't pull it off.
Yukie: Awawa!
Matsukaze: Y-You've gotta give her a shot!
Yamato: All right, then. Try to cutely plead to us.
Yukie: Awawa. Please let me try out.
Momoyo: Hey, lil' bro, mind if I take her home?
Yamato: Go nuts. She's not what we're looking for.
Yukie: Awawa. I failed.
*Mayucchi was out of the running.*
Takuya: We're looking for someone really high-level, in more ways than one.
Kazuko: It's almost like a match.
Chris: You clearly just want Momo-senpai to fawn over you.
Kazuko: I won't lose. Now, to give it my all.
Kazuko: Awawa. Please let me try out.
Yamato: You just rehashed her line. Your acting skills aren't up to par, so you fail.
Kazuko: How'd I do, Onee-sama?!
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, you're so cute! You make me tingle!
Kazuko: She's not even listening!
Chris: I would deem you worthy of being called cute.
Kazuko: I wasn't doing this for you, Kuri!
Yamato: Okay, let's keep this moving. Next up is Chris.
Chris: Why must I participate?!
Kazuko: Well, there's no way Kuri can do it. Her voice is so shrill, it's like needles in my ear.
Chris: I cannot let that pass. Let me show you a voice the exact opposite of that.
Chris: This much, at least, I can easily do.
Yamato: That's barely different from your normal voice. Rejected.
Miyako: You should show me some respect.
Kazuko: Kuri, you just re-hashed!
Takuya: Do you even know what that word means?
Chris: Argh. You made me do this, so why am I so aggravated?!
Momoyo: Hahaha. I'll have me some Kuri, too.
Yamato: Go right ahead.
Kazuko: Wah! Let me join too, Onee-sama!
Gakuto: Her harem keeps on growin' and growing.
*Though it was all girls.*
Yamato: But now, we have two choices left.
Shouichi: Just Miyako and Momo-senpai, huh?
Yamato: What are you saying, Capt? It's Miyako or Moro.
Takuya: You're okay with that? As our tactician?!
Miyako: This has become a battle I cannot lose.
Takuya: I'm really counting on you, Miyako.
Miyako: Leave it to me. (V)
Miyako: You let Princess Miyako be your baity-bait.
Yamato: Okay, accepted.
*Despite myself, my heart still skipped a beat.*
Miyako: Did I do it all right?
Gakuto: You've just given birth to a heck of a new personality.
Takuya: A princess? You might've overdone it.
Yamato: We're up against a pretty hardcore lolicon, so that'll be how we catch him.
Miyako: This is my super sweet princess voice.
Momoyo: Oooh, we're not getting any sleep tonight.
*By now, Nee-san had abducted everyone.*
Yamato: I think we can probably use anyone's voice to lure him in, but Miyako has both the best physique and acting ability for the job.
Shouichi: But there's no guarantee we can capture him in a day.
Yamato: Even so, I want to capture him before summer break. That way, Class Rep can rest easy.
Miyako: Ahh, there goes my motivation.
Yamato: Just have your usual delusions about me, Princess.
Miyako: Oh, no, don't touch me down there... *pout*
Yamato: You still need work on how you express that emotion.
Takuya: But she does look more motivated.
Yamato: Tonight, we're going to have a thorough crash course.
Miyako: Your princess is vewy happy.
*We would start patrolling tomorrow, once we'd finished preparing.*
*Today was the day before summer break, so it was a half-day.*
Chika: Summer break is so close. I've gotta let out everything that's been building up inside me.
Mayo: That's true.
Chika: Mayo, are you off to help out at home again?
Mayo: Probably.
Chika: You've seemed out of it since yesterday. What's wrong?
Mayo: No, I'm fine.
Chika: If you say so. But I guess you won't get to play much during summer break?
Mayo: I'm sorry.
Chika: Oh yeah, I heard that the serial assaulter guy, that creep who keeps making the news, has totally showed up around here.
Mayo: Oh... H-He did?
Chika: Be careful. Don't go down any dark alleys.
Mayo: ...They still haven't caught him?
Chika: Well, there's no way he'd go after girls like us.
Haguro: Chikarin, what'cha up to tomorrow?
Chika: For now, I guess the sea. I'll put on my swimsuit and find me a guy.
Haguro: Seriously? White-skinned girls are so last year.
Chika: A magazine I read said my ideal type has a thing for fair-skinned girls.
Mayo: You two look like you're having fun... Ahh...
Yamato: Class Rep?
Mayo: ...Yes, what is it?
*She really was out of energy.*
Yamato: I swear, I will capture the culprit who attacked you.
Mayo: Th-That's dangerous!
Yamato: We've prepared ourselves. And we're no more in danger than anyone else.
*Even policemen were sometimes attacked by criminals.*
Yamato: I don't pick fights I'm not likely to win.
Yamato: And I'm putting in a lot of work to make sure we do.
Mayo: But why would you do all that?
Yamato: Because I want to change the world.
Mayo: Is that your objective, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: I also have issues with politics and the economy, but I think there's a problem with how the world treats crimes, too.
*Some say that a hero would save us, but I wasn't going to stand here and wait.*
Mayo: Are you okay with that, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: Okay with what?
Mayo: Wouldn't it be better to not worry about me and simply enjoy your summer vacation?
Mayo: If things don't go well, you could lose your entire summer break.
Yamato: I don't care what's better - I won't let this stand.
Mayo: You won't?
Yamato: I'll punish anyone who harms my Family or friends. Good or bad has nothing to do with it.
Yamato: It's the same as how you treasure your family, Class Rep.
Mayo: Like me...?
Yamato: Neither of us needs a reason to help the people precious to us.
Mayo: ...Huh?!
Yamato: What?
Mayo: I shouldn't have hesitated over this, huh.
Yamato: So you were hesitating.
*Even though I'd told her she should talk to me.*
Mayo: Once you've resolved this, I'll thank you!
Yamato: If anything else happens to you, tell me.
*At any rate, I had to do my best to find the culprit.*
*............*
Miyako: Lu lu luuu.
*We'd sent out Miyako by herself.*
Gakuto: Hey, it's hard to stay close to her.
Yamato: Gakuto, you head over towards Momo-senpai.
Gakuto: Nice judgment.
Takuya: We need to lure out the culprit quickly. I feel bad for Miyako.
Yamato: I'm sure Miyako will take this experience and find some way to laugh about it in the future.
Chris: I would expect no less from Miyako.
Yamato: Plus, she can show off her new personality. It'll be like killing two birds with one stone.
Takuya: But I've heard some strange rumors starting to spring up around town.
*We'd been patrolling fairly unoccupied places, so damage has been minimal.*
Miyako: It's so dark. I'm so scared...
Deviant: It is scary. Like someone dangerous could just come out nowhere.
Takuya: ...That's him.
Yamato: With that kind of creepy vibe, there's no doubt about it.
*I texted everyone their instructions.*
Miyako: M-Mister, who are you?
Deviant: Please, call me 'Big Brother' instead.
Yamato: Miyako will have to hold out as long as she can.
Takuya: And then Momo-senpai should be able to finish things in one blow.
Yamato: But he'd be knocked out cold, right?
*I wasn't going to let him off that easy.*
Kazuko: That's enough, pervert!
Deviant: Pervert? Me? Well, that's fine!
Kazuko: Hm? Why are you staring at me?
Deviant: This is great. Miss, you're just barely within my range.
Kazuko: Eeek! You're disgusting!
*He'd caught Wanko by her back foot.*
Yamato: His range is longer than I expected. Chris, go!
Chris: Cretin, time to face your judgment!
Deviant: I'm not interested in middle-aged women.
Chris: Gh. We are the same age!
*I guess beauty doesn't always give you an advantage.*
Deviant: Plus, I'm a fast runner.
Chris: Kh, he has outranged me!
Takuya: He's getting away, Yamato!
Yamato: I expected this. He has to be good to have lasted as long as he has without getting caught.
*Time to contact Nee-san.*
Takuya: He's got a car, right? Last time we did something like this, Miyako slashed the guy's tires.
Yamato: Puncturing his tires is too half-hearted. I'm calling Capt.
*I activated the members I had positioned along his escape route.*
Shouichi: Time for some lightning-quick cleanup!
Deviant: I'm fine so long as I can flee to my car.
Momoyo: Well, that's only if you can catch up to it.
Deviant: My car's floating in midair?!
*After she blew a wind in from below and lifted the car up...*
Yukie: Hah!
*Mayucchi sliced the vehicle.*
Yamato: What a nasty firework display.
Takuya: Are you sure it's okay to do something like that?
Yamato: There wasn't anyone inside.
*And it exploded in midair, so there wasn't any collateral damage.*
Shouichi: Take this! Enzui!
Deviant: Gwah! You're pretty, so I'll forgive you!
Shouichi: Ugh. What's with this guy?!
Gakuto: My time has come. Take this!
Deviant: Guh, a muscleman... You stink of sweat! My eyes are going to rot...
Gakuto: Burn the sight of this nice guy into your soul. Hmph!
*It was a simultaneous physical and mental assault.*
Yamato: No matter how big his strike zone might be, there's no way Gakuto's in it.
Takuya: If he were that indiscriminate, no one would be safe.
Chris: ...Gh. (She caught up.)
Momoyo: I'll just break a few bones, and then we're through.
Deviant: Ugahhhh! Save me!
Momoyo: Where are you looking? C'mon, turn. A. Round.
*Nee-san finished him off.*
Takuya: That was nasty.
Yamato: Now then, lemme throw in a punch of my own.
*I did want to, but I knew enough to hold back.*
Miyako: We contacted the police, so they should be here soon.
Gakuto: I shall head back before things become a nuisance.
Yamato: Yeah. Handle the rest for us, Miyako.
Miyako: Whahaha, I wonder what sort of testimony I should give.
*It didn't look like she needed any advice.*
Kazuko: I still haven't burned off all my steam.
Chris: Nor have I. And I am quite aggravated!
Kazuko: Then let's have a match back at the dorm.
Chris: Very good.
*Maybe I should get going, too.*
Mayo: *huff* *huff* Naoe-chan!
Yamato: We caught the culprit. You don't have to be scared anymore.
Mayo: So that really was the source of that explosion.
Yamato: No one was hurt.
*Except the culprit.*
Yamato: I'll be cheering you on, Class Rep, so do your best.
Mayo: Naoe-chan, that was very cool.
*She was gazing at me in a different way than she ever had before.*
Yamato: (She fell for me, didn't she?)
*I was kind of proud of myself for being able to tell.*
*But even so, I didn't know how I felt about going out with her.*
Yamato: I have to go report, so I'll see you later.
Mayo: Okay. I'll see you tomorrow!
Mayo: What is this? My heart is racing so fast...
Tesshin: Forget not the spirit of diligence.
*Thus finished the closing ceremony.*
Azumi: Hideo-sama, the general meeting is just about to start.
Hideo: We shall go following the delivery of a greeting to Kazuko-dono. That is manageable, yes?
Azumi: If that is what you wish!
Hideo: Mwahahaha. Then so be it.
Touma: Jun, are you still patrolling?
Jun: Yeah, to protect the little girls.
Koyuki: Being protected's the bestest.
Touma: I'll protect you, Yuki.
Koyuki: Nnnnnope. I'mma protect you, Touma.
Touma: You're so dependable.
Jun: Oh, come to think of it, what're you guys doing over the summer?
Margit: A soldier knows no summer break. I will be ever at Frau Chris' side.
Kokoro: Hohoho! I shall ride in my oxcart to our summer resort and spend my days in elegance.
Jun: I guess everyone has their own summer break.
Yamato: Good work.
Mayo: Ah, congratulations on getting through the first semester.
Yamato: Then I'll see you around.
Mayo: Ah...
Mayo: Ahh... I guess I won't be able to see him anymore, starting tomorrow.
Chika: Heh heh heh. I saw that.
Mayo: Huh? When did you--?!
Chika: I've been here for a while, but... Ha ha. You never even saw me, did you.
Mayo: I'm sorry. I was focused on Naoe-chan that I...
Chika: It's fine, it was funny. So Naocchi's your...
Mayo: Huh? What do you mean?
Chika: Mayo, have you ever liked anyone?
Mayo: Just my family and you, Chika-chan.
Chika: That was such a non-answer...
Chika: When you look at me you don't feel your heart pounding in your chest, right?
Mayo: Now that you mention it, I guess not. Why?
Chika: You can't be that oblivious. It's because you like Naocchi.
Mayo: Y-You don't have to say that aloud...
Chika: Tomorrow's the start of summer break. You have to ask him on a date.
Mayo: A d-date?!
Chika: That, or confess to him! Are you going to?!
Mayo: I-I-I-I-It's still too early for that!
Chika: Right? You so have to get the guy to confess to you. Ooh, this is getting hot.
Mayo: What should I do?
Chika: I guess a girl can, like, ask a guy out on a date. You'd just need some pretext for inviting him.
Mayo: Oh, I can think of something for that.
Chika: Then, when nobody's around...
Miyako: Today's the Friday Meeting. We have to make our plans for the summer.
Yamato: First, go show your face at the club.
Miyako: ...But I did so much yesterday.
Yamato: You did, but so did everyone else. And regardless, I know you're not going to go during summer break.
Miyako: Maybe I'll go to the tournament? Well, if I must.
Yamato: Try to be sociable.
*She was insanely good, so she didn't need to practice.*
Chika: Shiinacchi's gone. Now's your chance.
Mayo: Okay, I'll do my best!
Yamato: What?
Mayo: Umm, thank you so much for yesterday.
Yamato: You've thanked me enough.
Mayo: Not nearly! You saved my dignity as a big sister.
Yamato: Well, if that's how you feel, then go ahead. (*grin*)
Mayo: S-So... Umm...
Mayo: Would you like to go play somewhere?!
*Wow. Her face was bright red.*
Chika: Well, I know you would never say no to a girl, right?
Yamato: Yeah, that's fine.
*Ogasawara-san must have driven her to do this.*
*But it sounded like fun, so I was game.*
Mayo: Then tomorrow, as the big sister I'll escort you.
Yamato: Then I'll be counting on you.
*Nevertheless, an outing with Class Rep didn't really feel like a date.*
Mayo: Just leave it to me!
*She proudly puffed out her chest.*
Yamato: (I mean, her chest still looked flat as board...)
*With all the times Nee-san had hugged me, I couldn't help but compare the two.*
Mayo: I can't wait. Eheheh.
Yamato: Y-Yeah.
*Her eyes were so pure.*
Chika: Now then. I can't wait to see what Naocchi will do.
*It wasn't that big of a deal.*
*Maybe I'd arrived a little early.*
Mayo: Hm, hm, hmm.
*Nope, she was already here.*
Yamato: Well, no surprise there.
*But for now, I decided to stay on standby.*
Mayo: Ahh, hah, ahh, hah.
*She was taking deep breaths.*
Mayo: (I really am no good with so many people around.)
*She kept turning back and forth.*
Yamato: (She's so cute, like a little animal.)
Mayo: Oh, Naoe-cha-- Wah!
Yamato: Look out!
*It looked like she was about to fall, so I grabbed her in a hug.*
Mayo: I-I'm sorry!
Yamato: I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
*Despite her flat chest, she was still a girl, and pleasant to hold.*
Mayo: Awawa. I'm so sorry!
Yamato: No need to get so flustered. *squeeze*
Mayo: Hwawawa...
*She was embarrassed, but she couldn't run.*
Yamato: Hey, hey.
Mayo: Wawawawa. Please don't pat my head.
*I felt somewhat strange.*
Yamato: (Yeech. Is my heart racing?)
*Small girls could be cute, too.*
Mayo: Naoe-chan!
Yamato: Sorry, sorry.
Mayo: You can't do that sort of thing to a girl, you know!
Yamato: Let me make it up to you. Today's meal will be my treat.
Mayo: (Chika-chan advised me to innocently thank him when he offers that.)
Mayo: Wow, thank you so much!
Yamato: Gh...
*What was this feeling?*
Mayo: Then I would like to eat some ice cream.
Yamato: That's what you want?
*We went to a gelato place Kuma-chan had recommended.*
Mayo: *lick*... Ahah, it's so sweet and delicious.
Yamato: Oh, it's melting.
Mayo: I'll have to lick it quickly. *lick ,lick, lick*
*She assiduously licked at the cone.*
Mayo: Huh? What about your share, Naoe-chan?
Yamato: I'm good.
Mayo: That's unfair. Open your mouth, please.
Yamato: Aaaa.
*The portion that Mayo had been licking until now entered my mouth.*
Mayo: Ah, that was an indirect kiss...
Yamato: Well, yeah.
Mayo: Wah, I'm sorry. I've always eaten with my little brothers like this, so...
*She panicked in the most adorable way.*
*But even so, we were the same age. It wasn't like this was sinful or anything...*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, you've got some on your mouth.
Yamato: Wha?
*She stretched up and wiped my mouth with her handkerchief.*
Mayo: Now you're good.
Yamato: Thank you.
*She was babying me, but I still couldn't help but smile.*
Mayo: Umm, how do you think we look?
Yamato: Like brother and sister, maybe.
Mayo: So people really do see me as your big sister.
Yamato: There is the big difference in our heights.
Mayo: Maybe we could be more open towards each other?
*We could start holding hands, but I didn't think that would change anything.*
Yamato: Hm?
Mayo: ...Ah.
*She was touching my hand.*
Yamato: ..........
Mayo: Hah.
*So I grabbed hold and wrapped my fingers around her restless ones.*
Mayo: Uh, errm... Well...
Yamato: Oh, sorry. Want me to let go?
Mayo: N-No. Please, hold my hand tight.
*I squeezed it.*
Yamato: Do you normally do this, too?
Mayo: Lately, my little brothers have been too embarrassed to do it.
Yamato: You look embarrassed yourself, Class Rep.
Mayo: Th-That's not true.
Yamato: I wonder. *pat*
Mayo: Hawawa! Stop teasing your elder, please.
*How. How could she react so cutely?*
Mayo: Geez! Naoe-chan, I... I can't believe you!
Yamato: I'll buy you another ice cream.
Mayo: Yay. Thank you very much!
*............*
Mayo: Wah! A dog!
Yamato: Whoa...
*I picked her up and rescued her from the canine.*
Yamato: Animals really like you, huh. Do you have any pets?
Mayo: I like animals, but we can't afford to own one.
Yamato: Then a docile, aquatic creature would be perfect. I especially recommend hermit crabs.
Mayo: We could probably afford a hermit crab, but...
Yamato: Though it's not as easy as I make it sound.
Mayo: What things do you need? I know you can't use freshwater.
Yamato: Genuine ocean water is best, but it's a pain to get, so I mix in a seawater base.
Mayo: They sell that sort of thing?
Yamato: You can't just use any old saltwater. You have to put a filter deep within the tank, which you blanket with a layer of coral sand.
Mayo: Normal sand won't work?
Yamato: The coral sand makes the water slightly basic.
Mayo: I see.
*It was a lot of fun, talking to her like this.*
Mayo: You really know a lot, Naoe-chan.
*I could tell that she was hanging on my every word.*
Yamato: Right, it'd probably be best to explain using the real McCoy. Let me introduce you to my family.
Mayo: Y-Your family?!
*And so I wound up taking Class Rep into my room.*
Mayo: Wow, look at them toddle! They're so cute.
Yamato: This is my family. Meet Hermy and Crabba.
Mayo: Oh, so by 'family' you meant your hermit crabs.
Yamato: Their minuscule movements set my heart aflutter.
*I covered the aquarium with a sheet.*
Mayo: Huh? What is it?
Yamato: It's just a precaution.
*Speaking of minuscule movements...*
Mayo: *fidget*
*She was looking at me like I did something.*
Yamato: Sit down on that zabuton.
Mayo: O-Okay.
*She was clearly nervous.*
Yamato: Is this your first time in a man's room?
Mayo: Yes. However, your room is really clean.
Yamato: It's not that impressive.
*I had previously cleaned the room in case just this happened.*
*Incidentally, there was no one else at the dorm.*
Mayo: It doesn't seem like anyone else is around.
Yamato: Gen-san and Capt have work, while the girls are all off playing.
Mayo: Th-Then it's just the two of us?
Yamato: Are you having certain thoughts?
Mayo: N-No, that's not...
Yamato: Oh, so you don't see me as a man.
Mayo: N-No! That's not--!
*What did she think of me?*
Mayo: I'm sorry. I lost my composure.
*We'd spent the whole day going on our date...*
*I'd seen in her both Nee-san's broad-minded nature and Wanko's innocence.*
*Being with her was pleasant, and when I embraced her, she felt so soft.*
Yamato: You know, I--
*I was definitely not a lolicon.*
* My love for Class Rep was pure!*
*The loveliness of her tiny body...*
*Coupled with her big sister-esque diction...*
*Made me want to protect her.*
Yamato: I think of you a certain way, Class Rep.
Mayo: Then, in other words...
Yamato: I like you, Class Rep. Will you go out with me?
Mayo: Ah...
Mayo: I like you too, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Yeah, I already knew.
Mayo: Whaaaaat?!
*It shouldn't be that surprising.*
Yamato: But I wanted some time to think about it.
Yamato: I didn't want to make a halfhearted decision.
Mayo: Naoe-chan...
Yamato: No, no. Call me by my first name.
Mayo: Y-Yamato-san...?
Yamato: What is it, Mayo?
Mayo: Hwah...
*I brought my face close to hers.*
Yamato: Want to keep your eyes open? Or close them?
Mayo: Huh?
Yamato: Okay, time's up.
*I gently stole Mayo's lips.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... *kiss* mn, mmm...
*I lowered my hips and, from slightly above her...*
Mayo: *kiss*... Mn, hah... M, ah... *glance*
Yamato: Hm?
Mayo: Mm... *peck*... *kiss, kiss*... *lick*
*We entangled our tongues in a French kiss.*
*I bumped into her teeth, but I did pretty good for my first time.*
Mayo: *huff*... *huff* *huff*
Yamato: Gulp...
*My body felt hot.*
*And Mayo looked like she felt the same.*
Yamato: I can't wait any longer.
Mayo: Wah...
*Inoue, how did you do it? How did you manage to restrain yourself?*
*I went to pick her up and carry her over to the futon.*
Mayo: Uh, umm...
*If I took her now, it would be rape.*
Yamato: Do you know what we're doing?
Mayo: N-Not really, no.
Yamato: If you don't like something, just say so and I'll stop.
Mayo: You don't have to hold back.
Yamato: Truly?
Mayo: I'm the big sister. Even if you do something naughty, I can take it.
Yamato: Then, could you plead?
Mayo: Wh-Whaa?!
Mayo: Wah... Ah, th... That's...
Yamato: I'm just a child, so if you don't demonstrate for me, I won't understand.
Mayo: Um, well, you see... Ooh, this is so embarrassing.
Yamato: Wrap your arms around me, Mayo Onee-chan.
Mayo: Ahh, when you say that, I...
*She clung tight to me.*
Mayo: *grunt*
*She tried to grab on with both arms, but she couldn't get her hands all the way around me.*
Yamato: See? Now we're fine.
*I gently picked her up.*
Mayo: Fwah, huh... A-Aren't our positions backwards now?
*And from there, I gently laid her down onto the futon.*
Yamato: Oh, I'll take off your clothes for you.
*While she hesitated, I peeled off her garments.*
Mayo: ׫...
*Her bare white skin took me aback.*
Yamato: You're amazingly beautiful.
*I had taken off all of her underwear. She was lying on the bed as naked as the day she was born.*
Yamato: Oh, you do have pubic hair.
*There was only a faint patch, but it was a little surprising.*
Mayo: Wh-What is this?
Yamato: I want to know you, fully.
Mayo: Shouldn't we spend more time together before something like...
Yamato: Let me say this again: I want to know you fully, Mayo. I want you to accept my love.
Mayo: Yamato-san, your eyes look so serious.
*I didn't intend to let her say no regardless.*
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll be gentle.
Mayo: Wahah!
*I gently touched her breasts.*
Yamato: They're so soft.
Mayo: Mn-ah, hah, I can feel your fingers...
*Her bosom was certainly unassuming, but her waist was so thin that they seemed full-bodied.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*So sexy.*
Mayo: Uhhh...
Yamato: How are you feeling?
Mayo: This is so embarrassing...
*She spoke her complaints in a voice so small it threatened to vanish.*
Yamato: It's not embarrassing, not when you're so pretty.
Mayo: I-I'm pretty?
*My words would push her over the edge, I knew.*
Yamato: If you really don't like it, I'll stop, but that won't change how I feel.
Mayo: It-it's not fair that only you get to...
Yamato: Oh, I get it.
*Castoff!*
Mayo: Awawawawa!
Yamato: Don't stare so much. It's embarrassing.
*Though it was covered in so much pubic hair that I doubted she could really see it.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*I rustled my hand over her ass.*
Yamato: Does it feel bad?
Mayo: Hah, it tickles.
Yamato: How about here?
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*With every touch, she twitched and trembled.*
*I loved that response, too.*
Mayo: Ah, that's... Mn, aiieee!
*I touched her pale-pink nipples with my fingers.*
Yamato: You're super sensitive, aren't you? That's so cute.
*It made me want to try so many things.*
*I brought my mouth close to her mounds.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... You're lick-ah...
*I pressed my lips against her as if in a light kiss.*
Mayo: Yamato-san... Ah, hah, if you suck me that strongly I'll...
Yamato: You'll what? Huh?
Mayo: Aiaah, ah, mm, don't suck... Mn!
*But it looked like it felt good.*
Yamato: Does it feel good?
Mayo: W-Well... Ahh!
*I also fondled the breast that wasn't in my mouth.*
Mayo: Mn, ooh... You keep touching me there... Yamato-san, you're like a baby.
Yamato: Hmm, you say that.
*I moved my onslaught elsewhere.*
Mayo: Th-That place is dirty...
Yamato: Where's dirty?
Mayo: Umm... I-I mean, inside my butt is...
Yamato: I'm such a baby, I can't understand your words.
*Heedless of her protests, I continued.*
Mayo: Haaaaaah! Th-That's so sophistic!
*This time, I submerged my finger into her shallow bush.*
Mayo: Ah, aiaah... Ah, I can't, wah!
Yamato: Does it feel good around here?
*I edge closer to her entrance, as if confirming her sensitivity.*
Mayo: Aiee, hah... Ah, ahhh...
*Her bewitching voice echoed across the room.*
Mayo: Hah... Mm, huff, ah...
*That might've been bad if anyone else were still at the dorm.*
Mayo: *huff* *huff*
Yamato: Now haven't you gotten a little wet?
Mayo: N-No I haven't.
Yamato: Then I guess I haven't stimulated you enough.
Mayo: Any more, and I'll... Hah... Aiiee!
*I could tell that her vagina was filled with love juice.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Wh-What is this?
Yamato: You've never ever masturbated?
Mayo: What's that?
Yamato: Oh, you really don't know?
*Ogasawara-san really must have wanted to keep Mayo innocent.*
Mayo: Aiiee... Mn, wh-what are you...?
*I had suddenly pushed this pure girl down on the futon.*
Yamato: But that's good.
Mayo: Hah, your fingers are... Mn, mmmm...
*Of course, this was doable because of our love.*
Yamato: So then.
Mayo: Huh...? It's gotten so big.
Yamato: It's because you were too perverted, Mayo.
Mayo: B-But Yamato-san, you... Ahn, ah.
Yamato: Hm? What'd I do?
*She was fully turned on, and her strength had left her, so I gently opened up her legs.*
Mayo: Ah... No, don't!
Yamato: You're pretty down here, too.
Mayo: Y-You mustn't spread it!
*Her vagina was warm and smeared with sticky juices.*
*I wanted to spread her legs a bit wider.*
Mayo: Ah... Again?!
*I traced the lines of her pussy with my thumb.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, you're like a beast...
Yamato: Once a baby, now a beast. That's me.
Mayo: Ooh, I feel kind of scared...
Yamato: No need to be afraid. C'mon, relax.
Mayo: Hau... You say that, but you keep moving your hands in such dirty ways.
*She was showing me some leeway, but I myself was still a little anxious.*
Mayo: Hah... Y-You're touching me.
*I had set my penis against her vagina and was shaking it up and down.*
Mayo: Oooh... You can't make it hurt much.
Yamato: Owah...
*Again, my heart fluttered.*
*Why did her every action have to seem so inviting?*
Yamato: I'm putting it in.
*I pushed my hips.*
Mayo: Hah... Nmm!
*It was tight. So tight.*
Yamato: Gh. Try to relax.
Mayo: Hah, hah... Mn!
*It was this tight?!*
Mayo: Ah, it's so big, and it's...
*Only the tip was inside her, but there was so much pressure.*
*At first, I thought I was going to cum from that alone, but...*
Yamato: Hm?
*It hurt too much for that.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... *Hic!*
*Mayo must have been experiencing the same thing.*
*Her small vertical folds morphed around my penis.*
Mayo: ...Ah, ahh... Mn-ah!
Yamato: Gh!
*Using the lubricant, I forced my way into her narrow space.*
Mayo: ...Huff... Ah, mn... Aiiieee!
*The glans of my dick was being swallowed within her.*
*Twitch, drip... drip...*
Mayo: Mn...
Yamato: Are you all right, Mayo?
Mayo: Y-Yes... Somehow...
*I felt like I just broke through her maidenhead.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Aiiee!
*Blood spilled from where we met.*
Mayo: Ah... The sheets!
Yamato: Don't worry about them. More importantly...
Mayo: ...Huff, ah... Mn-ah!
Yamato: Your insides feel so good.
*That sharp numbness was also pleasant.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, mnn, hearing that makes me happy, somehow.
Yamato: I feel like you're enveloping me.
*I wanted to draw out even more pleasure.*
Mayo: Aieee! A-Again?!
*I stretched out my hand and touched her breasts.*
Mayo: Mn, hah-nn... Mn.
*A tenderness had returned to her voice.*
*Her secretions of love juice, which seemed to have somehow increased, were adapting to my penis.*
Yamato: Can I move more?
Mayo: ...Yes. I think I can handle a little.
*How gallant.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, Yamato-san, you're so warm.
*She was just too cute, so I hugged her.*
Mayo: And your body's big, too.
Yamato: I am a man.
*And up until now, Mayo had always been the dependable one.*
Mayo: Like this, I feel a little calmer...
*I wanted to show off how dependable I could be, as a man.*
Mayo: I'm good now.
*It had to still hurt, but she didn't say that aloud.*
Mayo: And I've started to feel good, too.
Yamato: That makes me glad.
*I had to do my best, too.*
Mayo: Mn... Hah, Y-Yamato-san... Hah!
*Thrusting my hips rhythmically, I experienced Mayo's sticky membranes.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, ah...
Yamato: Amazing. You're sucking me in.
Mayo: Mn... Ah, hah... Mn, mn-ah!
*Her tiny hands moved towards me, as if seeking salvation.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, ah, ahn... Nkh... Nm!
*The firm walls of her pussy expanded and contracted, working my member.*
Yamato: Kh, amazing.
Mayo: Ah... Mn, hah... Mn-ah!
*Instinctively, I put more force into my body.*
Mayo: Mn, Yamato-san... hah, I-I feel like... you're moving... faster...
Yamato: Still got a ways... to go.
*I wrapped my hands around her, as if I were about to carry her.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... You're so deep... Hah, ah!
*Her body was so small that I didn't feel like I was that deep, but...*
Mayo: Aiiee... Mn, nn... Hah!
Yamato: Ngh, am I all the way in?
*Like I'd expected, part of my dick was still outside.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Ah, hah... Hah...
*I paused for a moment just before her womb.*
Yamato: It feels a little tight.
Mayo: I-I'm fine. I want my body to make you feel even better, please.
Yamato: It definitely feels good, but...
*I wasn't really reaching my peak.*
*Maybe I was holding back a little too much.*
Mayo: I know you're trying to be kind... But you shouldn't worry that much about me... Okay?
Yamato: Are you sure?
*I felt like I had been rather forceful.*
Mayo: I... I'm the older one, so...
*In other words, she wanted me to be mischievous.*
Mayo: Please.
Yamato: Okay. I won't ask about every little thing.
*With that settled, all that remained was to truly become a beast.*
*To express my feelings to Mayo, not as a tactician but as a man!*
Mayo: Mn... Ah, ahh, mn... Hah, ah!
*My movements grew more fluid as Mayo moved in time with me.*
Mayo: Hah... Hya, mn, ah... Mnn... Mmmm!
*Her pussy tightened around my dick, sometimes gently, sometimes harshly.*
Yamato: ........
*I sought her, needed to relish every last bit of her.*
*As our sensitive sections rubbed together, a sweet numbness assaulted me.*
Mayo: ...Kh... Mn, ah, mn!
*Her legs tried to close up. I grabbed onto them, used their movement as well.*
Mayo: Mn... Ah, you're moving... Amazingly!
Mayo: Hah... Hah, my body-my body's so hot!
*A feeling like a stifling summer air clung to my skin.*
Mayo: Kah... Mn, ahh, hah ah!
*I drew back my hips, then moved back deep within her.*
*That the walls of her pussy seemed like they were closing in on me didn't bother me at all.*
Mayo: Hah, ah... My butt's floating...
*She lost her balance, and lost all power to her lower body.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, ah, ah hwah!
*Her voice grew even higher as her vagina spasmed.*
Yamato: Ngh, I'm almost there...
*My switch was completely flipped. I could no longer stop.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, Yamato-sa... n!
*Barely able to breathe, she continued to receive me.*
Mayo: Mn... I'm also... getting... Hah, ah!
*Mayo thrust her hips.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, mm... Aaie, ah, mn-ahh!
Mayo: Ah... Did you... feel good -- ah!
*Her small breasts moved up and down, driving my desire.*
Mayo: Mn-ah, hah... Ah, ahh!
*I put my heart and soul into moving my hips and took her limbs, which felt so childish.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, you're... piercing me... I'm-hah...
Yamato: Gh...
*My penis twitched as it began its countdown.*
Mayo: Mn, ahh... Hah, ah!
*Her cute ass trembled.*
Mayo: Ah... Ah... Mn, ahh, hah!
*After pushing my rod to the limit, I moved once again.*
Mayo: Mn, hah...
*And repeated that.*
Yamato: ...Mn.
Mayo: Ahhh... Yamato-san, hah, more... Do me more. Ah, mn-ah!
*The sensation of her flesh grew a level greater.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, hah... Ah, mn-ah!
*Her plentiful, hot nectar was the greatest aphrodisiac.*
Mayo: I can't, hah, amaz... I-I'm... Ah!
Yamato: ...I'm cumming!
*I released everything that had been building up inside me.*
Mayo: Ahh... Ah, ah! Ah... Aaaaahhhhhh!
*Splurt... Spurt, spurt!*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, hah... Yamato-san, your cum... Your cum is spreading inside me...
*My sperm continued to gush forwards, aiming for her womb.*
Mayo: Hah... You finally reached your end...
Yamato: Oh, dammit.
*I hadn't even thought about contraception or anything like that.*
Yamato: It's a little late to ask, but is today a safe day?
Mayo: If what I learned in my textbook is correct, I think I'm fine.
*Naturally, Class Rep's health education was impeccable.*
Yamato: Sorry. That was kind of sudden.
Mayo: I was a little anxious, but happy...
*I feel like there was something else I was supposed to be thinking about... What was it?*
*--A few minutes before.*
Tadakatsu: Tch. I got back later than I expected. I'm pooped.
Mayo: Hah... Ahh!
Tadakatsu: What's the deal with you bastards waking me up like that?
Shouichi: Whoa, Gen-san, you just get home? Let's get back to our rooms.
Tadakatsu: Kazama, you hungry?
Shouichi: Yeah. I figured I'd go to Yamato and see if he wouldn't give me something.
Tadakatsu: I don't think I've seen him cook in his life.
Shouichi: And that's why I got stuck on my plan.
Tadakatsu: Look, you hungry or not?!
Shouichi: Well, I'm broke.
Tadakatsu: Fine, then I'll pay. Just this once!
Shouichi: Yay! Today we're having yakiniku!
Tadakatsu: I ain't paying more than I'd pay for ramen! By the way, are Miyako and the rest coming back?
Shouichi: Word is they're spending the first night of summer having a sleepover at the Kawakami Temple.
Tadakatsu: I see... (You planned for this, Yamato, but you're dancing with death.)
*............*
Mayo: Ah, it's this late?!
Yamato: Oh yeah. Mayo, do you have a curfew?
Mayo: Not a curfew per se, but if I don't contact everyone, they'll get worried.
Yamato: I'll walk you home.
*It didn't look like anyone else had come home yet.*
*I must have had good karma to thank.*
*We headed outside.*
Yamato: ..........
Mayo: ...Mm.
*It felt like she was becoming more taciturn.*
Yamato: The sky's pretty tonight, huh.
Mayo: Y-Yes, it is.
*It's felt pathetic for not being able to find the right words.*
Mayo: Umm, Yamato-san?
Yamato: Hm?
Mayo: Let's get along well from now on, too!
Yamato: Yeah, let's.
*That was how I got myself a little girlfriend.*
*Before I knew it, summer break had already come to a close.*
Mayo?: It's morning. Please wake up, Yamato-san.
Yamato: Hm...? Mayo?
Miyako: Heheh. No matter who you go out with, this position will always be mine.
*My waking moments remained largely unchanged from the first semester.*
Cookie: I feel like this is the first time seeing everyone in forever.
Yamato: Yeah. You were undergoing maintenance for the second half of summer.
Cookie: I was so exhausted, so it was a good opportunity.
Cookie 2: Thanks to it, I am in top condition!
Yamato: There's really not any need for you to transform.
Cookie 2: I shall go to awaken Meister.
*Ohhh, did he have to wake him up in his second form?*
Yukie: Good morning. Please watch some TV until breakfast is ready.
Yamato: Thanks for doing this every morning.
*I left making breakfast to Mayucchi and watched the news.*
Announcer: Fall will come earlier this year than normal, so please mind your health.
*September had only just begun, but the leaves were already changing color.*
Shouichi: Yeouch! What'd I do?!
Cookie: Don't yell at me. My second form did that, not me!
Tadakatsu: Do you have to make a racket every morning?
Yamato: Sorry, Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: And you're keeping us up every night. Spare a thought for the rest of us!
*Apparently, Gen-san had discovered us on our first night.*
Miyako: But from now on, nighttime is my time.
Yamato: I won't ask what you mean by that.
Miyako: I'll be beside you before you know it.
Yamato: I didn't ask. Oh yeah, you took a number of trips home, right? How's your father?
Miyako: Well, I wouldn't say he's unwell... I think?
*Her father was apparently not in the best condition, so Miyako was making regular trips back home.*
Shouichi: By the way, I rode my motorcycle in a lap around Honshu!
Cookie: You really wanted to take a lap around all of Japan, didn't you.
Yamato: But that's kind of impossible to pull off during summer break.
*Getting to Hokkaido and Okinawa would be tricky.*
Miyako: You did really well. Did you ever lose your way?
Shouichi: When there wasn't a path, I made my own!
Yamato: Then good job not making the news.
Shouichi: But gas cost way more than I expected. I went fast and skipped on hotels, but it still left a hole in my wallet.
Yamato: You paid for it with the fee from the request we did before, plus what you made at your jobs, right?
*He'd actually pulled it off. Wow.*
Yamato: And thank you for the souvenir, Mayucchi.
Yukie: No, no. I enjoyed selecting the souvenir.
*Though when she'd given me that strangely shaped wood-carved doll, I'd thought it was cursed.*
*A lot of the people at our dorm went on trips, either on vacation or back home.*
Yamato: By the way, aren't we missing someone?
Chris: Ooh, it is rather chilly this morning.
Yamato: Isn't Germany even colder?
Chris: This and that are completely different.
*Chris had become thoroughly accustomed to Japan.*
*............*
Takuya: Isn't it a little cold today? The summer uniform feels like a mistake.
Gakuto: You need to be more buff. My illustrious body repels all forms of cold.
Miyako: It hasn't rained lately, huh.
Kazuko: I like it that way, since it means I get to train outdoors.
Shouichi: You don't go outside when it rains, do you, Wanko?
Kazuko: If I did, wouldn't I catch a cold? And then I wouldn't be able to put my back into training.
Yamato: You actually thought things through. Nice.
Kazuko: Times like that, I focus exclusively on muscle training. Like this!
*Either way, she clearly wasn't missing out on training.*
Chris: If you caught a cold after saying all that, it would be hilarious.
Kazuko: I'm more worried about you, Kuri. Is it just me, or did you skip out on your own practice?
Chris: That was because I returned to Lubeck. I shall soon regain what I lost.
*Maybe it was about time for me to head over to Mayo.*
Chika: Isn't it kind of cold today?
Haguro: I'm not really cold. What, you got old on me already?
Chika: Says the one always wearing her spring clothing. Besides, I'd like to still have good skin in twenty years.
Haguro: I'm gonna look good then, too. My skin's super coarse already.
Chika: Isn't that usually a bad thing?
Suguru: Ah, brr. Is this what awaits me on my first trip outside the house in so long?
Mitsuru: Really? It doesn't feel that cold to me.
Suguru: The area around you, Kuma-chan, is certainly warm. You might dissipate more heat than my PC.
Mitsuru: I get that a lot.
Ikurou: This is gonna be trouble. When it gets cold, girls show less skin. To me, this is a matter of life and death!
Suguru: Hmph. Perhaps I must soon break out my duffle coat.
Ikurou: What era is that coat even from? You never see those nowadays.
Mayo: Good morning, Yamato-san!
Yamato: You look lively again today.
Mayo: I am. I'm having so much fun every day, since, well... You're with me.
*I was glad to hear that.*
Yamato: And it's almost time for the class trip. You'll have a lot more work yourself, as class representative.
Mayo: You're right. I wonder what we're doing this year.
Yamato: I'll help you out when you're in trouble, so don't try to handle everything by yourself like before.
Mayo: Eh heh heh. I'll be counting on you, Yamato-san.
*She began her work as class rep.*
Jun: ...I smell from here a bittersweet loli scent.
Yamato: You have free time already? The semester's barely even begun.
Jun: Where lolis can be found, so too will you always find me.
*He said the line like they were the last words of a man who had just lost a fight.*
Yamato: But Mayo's already my girlfriend.
Jun: I'm well aware of that. However, my love remains unchanged.
Yamato: That gives me goosebumps.
*I could feel a gaze from behind me.*
Jun: A loli will get married and have children, yet even then! She as yet a loli. And then, oh, her children, too, are lolis.
Yamato: Your every word makes me fear for the world.
Jun: I will continue to view lolis with affection. That's all.
Yamato: You look cool when you say that, but...
*Yet strangely, I didn't feel any ill will.*
Mayo: Everyone, Ms. Kojima's almost here!
*Today started the second semester. My days seemed likely to be peaceful and mundane until the end-of-semester exams.*
*............*
Momoyo: I wonder if anyone went stupid over the summer and got up to some mischief.
*We had the time, so we all were heading home together.*
Yamato: I'm pretty sure you took care of those sorts over the summer. Though I wish you'd taken care of your homework instead.
Momoyo: Trying to sound profound? That wasn't very funny.
Yamato: Considering you didn't even touch your homework, I had to say it.
Chris: Perhaps it would have been better to wear my winter clothes today.
Takuya: I thought the same thing. It can be rough when the temperature drops suddenly, huh.
Momoyo: I'll warm you up, Kuri. Gakuto, you warm Mororo.
Takuya: This is so normal, I can't even get myself to say anything about it.
Miyako: What if I warmed you up?
Takuya: Th-That's... I'm fine, really.
Miyako: If you eat this tabasco, you'll warm the very core of your body.
Takuya: I knew it'd turn out to be something like that.
Kazuko: I think moving your body is the best way to stay warm. Let's compete!
Yamato: Can someone take Wanko out for a walk?
Momoyo: I'm free, so why don't we take a little trip out to the neighboring prefecture?
Kazuko: Yay!
Yamato: Just for curiosity's sake, which direction are you headed?
Momoyo: West.
*I started to worry they wouldn't make it back before sundown.*
Momoyo: I don't go west that often. Ah, I want to break someone's bones already.
Yamato: Out for blood?
Momoyo: I got my fill of girls over the summer. Sometimes, I want to play with the boys.
*Danger sirens flared in my mind.*
*............*
Yamato: Huh? My phone's ringing?
*And the call was from a public phone.*
Yamato: Hello?
Mayo: Oh, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Where are you calling me from? I guess it's not your house.
Mayo: I'm sorry to call you so late.
Yamato: It's fine.
*It turned out that she had bought more goods than she could carry.*
Mayo: Normally, I'd have my little brothers help carry them, but...
Yamato: Now that you mention it, you don't usually carry this many bags.
Mayo: But everyone else in my family has caught a cold.
Yamato: Oh, my.
*Did that mean Mayo had to handle everything herself?*
Yamato: They say that autumn colds last a long time.
Mayo: I unthinkingly bought way too much. But I can't just leave things behind.
Yamato: I can easily handle this.
*I picked up all of the bags.*
Mayo: You are a man.
Yamato: I try to keep myself in decent shape. Need anything else?
Mayo: No. But are those really not too heavy?
*Mayo wasn't the type to be okay with having someone else handle everything.*
Yamato: Then could you carry this one?
*I handed her the smallest bag.*
Mayo: Okay.
Yamato: You should sleep while wearing a mask tonight.
Mayo: And I'll have to get some fresh air inside.
*With everyone else in her family unhealthy, I knew this would be a long night for her...*
*At night. Or rather, in the early morning.*
Mayo: Why are you here at this hour, Yamato-san?
Yamato: Your little brother's sick with a cold, right? But even so, the morning paper has to be delivered.
*She could have gotten her shift changed, if she wanted, but I had had a feeling Mayo would try to do it herself.*
Mayo: But I couldn't ask you to do this for me so early.
Yamato: Even if I head home now, I wouldn't get any sleep. Besides, there's no way you could do it all yourself.
Mayo: I know all the roads around this area.
Yamato: But you don't know what houses you need to deliver to, right?
Mayo: However, neither do you, Yamato.
Yamato: It's true that I don't know. However, I have a method.
*I whipped out my whistle and blew.*
*Exactly three seconds after the whistle sounded...*
Kazuko: You called?!
Yamato: I thought you'd be awake.
*And she was in her bloomers, like always.*
Kazuko: Isn't that Class Rep? Why are you up this early?
Mayo: I had work to do. By the way, Wanko-chan, aren't you tired?
Kazuko: I was tired, but running made me wake up.
Yamato: Didn't you go all the way to the next prefecture yesterday?
Kazuko: Onee-sama got bored, so we turned around halfway there.
*It must not have been much of a diversion for her.*
Mayo: But why summon Wanko-chan?
Yamato: Because she also delivers the morning paper. She'll know which houses to deliver to.
Kazuko: But it's a different type of paper being delivered to different addresses, so how would I know?
Yamato: I wouldn't make such a simple blunder.
*I had already done the groundwork.*
Yamato: You know the boy with the last name 'Amakasu', right?
Kazuko: He's an energetic boy, but what does he have to do with anything?
Mayo: Wanko, do you remember my family name?
Kazuko: Uh... Class Rep, you're Class Rep, right? Huh?
*She clearly did not remember.*
Yamato: We'll deliver the papers, Wanko, so you run ahead and tell us which streets are which.
Mayo: But isn't Wanko-chan in the middle of her jog?
Kazuko: Oh, this is fine. I mean, you're always letting me look at your homework.
Yamato: That settles it.
*Wanko must have wanted to repay her debt, too.*
Mayo: You have my thanks, Wanko-chan!
*............*
Miyako: Where did you go?
Yamato: Just for a walk.
*It was breakfast time, so I was back at the dorm.*
Tadakatsu: Hey, where's everybody at today?
Yukie: Well, breakfast is ready, but...
Yamato: The two people we're waiting on are always the last to arrive.
Miyako: I'll go check on Chris.
Margit: There is no need.
Miyako: ...So you invited yourself in again.
Margit: Frau Chris has caught a cold, so I have spent a sleepless night tending to her.
Miyako: And you've been here since yesterday?
*We never even realized.*
Yamato: Well, whatever. I'll go get Capt.
Cookie: Meister's sick, too, and I spent a sleepless night caring for him. You should really be appreciative of that.
Yamato: You must be exhausted.
Yukie: I would have cared for them if I had only known.
Margit: The sentiment is more than enough, Mayuzumi Yukie. I shall inform her of it. You will be thankful.
Yamato: Capt tried to have his cake and eat it, too.
*He took a trip around pretty much all of Japan, then did nothing but play afterwards.*
Cookie: Well, I can also dispense medicine.
Yamato: Good job getting Capt to take it. He hates medicine.
Cookie 2: I made him take it myself.
Yamato: So you did do it by force.
Miyako: We'll be so lonely today, just the two of us. Heheh.
Yamato: You seem way too happy about this.
Miyako: After all, it's just the two of us.
*I really hoped Mayo didn't see me and Miyako together.*
Gakuto: Wassup? Today, too, I am a nice guy.
Miyako: Why'd you have to intrude?!
Gakuto: Translate for me, Yamato.
Yamato: Ask Moro. Wait -- Moro's not here?
Gakuto: He's sickly, so he caught a cold. How careless.
Yamato: I guess everyone caught it all at once.
Miyako: Now that you mention it, I haven't seen Momo-senpai around either.
Yamato: That can't be. I mean, there's no way she...
Gakuto: Momo-senpai? Idiots don't catch colds.
Momoyo: Now then, it's finally time for some legal bone-breaking.
Gakuto: You silenced your aura and hid? Wah!
Yamato: I knew it. She was after you.
*When Nee-san went too long without finding someone to beat up, she would go into withdrawal, and that was when she was truly dangerous.*
*............*
Umeko: There aren't many of you today, huh. Class Rep!
Mayo: Stand! Bow!
*The empty seats stood out.*
Umeko: Classes aren't going to close, so take care of yourselves. Ensure you wash your hands and faces.
*Homeroom concluded.*
Mayo: Chika-chan's absent?
*Suguru and a few others were also absent.*
Kazuko: I'll have to be careful, too.
Yamato: I figure that, even if a virus wiped everyone else out, you alone would survive.
Kazuko: Onee-sama would be fine, too. And I think Mayucchi would be fine?
Gakuto: And a tough guy like me would surely have no problem at all.
*Half the Family had tenacious bodies.*
Mayo: Ahh... Zzz...
Kazuko: She's sound asleep. And deeply, too.
Yamato: She must be exhausted.
*Her exhaustion had built up over the last few days.*
Kazuko: Go take care of her.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me.
Miyako: ...Mm.
*As I took over the class rep's jobs...*
Haguro: I mean, shit, girlfriend! Doin' it all day long -- you're something else!
Ikurou: Now then, time to go take me some pictures.
Mayo: Mn... Mnnn.
*Without anyone to keep an eye on them, everyone was doing whatever they wanted.*
*Normally, Ogasawara-san would help out, but today she was sick.*
Yamato: Hey...
Miyako: Would you please be quiet? I can't read my book.
Ikurou: Hey, did Shiina just say something?
Haguro: Even though she's always the cool and silent type.
Mitsuru: How rare.
Ikurou: Heck, I think this is the first time I've heard her talk since we started being in the same class.
*A number of people, surprised by the rare event, had stopped talking.*
Miyako: ...It's finally quiet.
*She dived into her book as if nothing out-of-the-ordinary had occurred.*
Yamato: Thanks, Miyako.
Miyako: I-I just spoke up because I thought they were annoying!
Yamato: Your tsundere act is amazingly cute.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I've got you.
*From time to time, I had to humor her.*
Mayo: Zzz... Huh? Did I actually fall asleep?
Yamato: You were tired, you couldn't help it.
Mayo: But the daily journal is completely blank.
Tadakatsu: That? I took care of it.
Yamato: Nice one, Gen-san. You're really tactful.
Tadakatsu: I just had the time. You don't like my handwriting, do it over yourself.
Mayo: Thank you very much.
Tadakatsu: I ain't a fan of always being in someone's debts. So when I feel like it, I'll help out.
*Gen-san must have also felt he owed a debt of gratitude.*
Mayo: Oh, lunch break is almost over!
Yamato: You have a lunch box, right, Mayo?
Mayo: I was so preoccupied with delivering the newspapers that I didn't make one.
Yamato: Then let's go to the cafeteria. I have some spare meal tickets.
*With summer break and all, I'd never had a chance to use them.*
Mayo: But there won't be many options left by this point.
Mitsuru: No need to worry. I have enough sandwiches that I can sell a few.
Yamato: But aren't those yours, Kuma-chan?
Mitsuru: Yeah. But there's some left over, so it's fine. Besides, I want to do something to help Class Rep, too.
Yamato: Take them, Mayo.
Mayo: Oooh. You have my thanks, Kumagai-san.
*And then, after school was over, she had to go take care of her family.*
Mayo: Oh, I have to go shopping, and prepare food, and...
Yamato: You can't do it all at once. Ask for help.
Mayo: But there's no one left I can count on.
Yamato: I know a freshman who can't stay still when she sees a person in need.
*I quickly called her on my phone.*
Yukie: Wah, my phone is ringing. Deep breaths, deep breaths.
Matsukaze: Calm yo tits, Mayucchi. I got yo back.
Yamato: You've already pressed the 'answer' button.
Yukie: Hau hau hau!
*............*
Yamato: So then, we need your help.
Yukie: Matsukaze, the day has finally come when I can come to a senpai's aid.
Matsukaze: Time to strut yo stuff. Nail it, Mayucchi.
Mayo: A talking cellphone strap?!
Matsukaze: Hey, hey, Mayucchi, we finally met a girl who acknowledges us.
Yukie: Oooh, thank you so much...
Mayo: P-Please don't cry. There, there.
*I knew she was the elder one, but it still felt tremendously weird.*
Yamato: Sorry to start by showing you something that out-of-this-world.
Mayo: She's a really cute junior.
*I hadn't expected her to be so immediately accepting.*
Mayo: She's the first underclassman I've spoken with since entering school.
*Mayo wasn't involved in any clubs, so she didn't really know anyone younger than her.*
Mayo: If you're willing, please continue to act sweet to me.
Yukie: I-I'd be happy to.
Yamato: Don't worry -- she's not glaring at you.
Mayo: I can tell that much. It's adorable how awkward she is.
*She understood Mayucchi already.*
Shouichi: I'm back in action!
Cookie: That's because I didn't sleep a wink while caring for you. You'd better be thankful.
Shouichi: But it's not like you ever sleep.
Cookie: D-Don't say that. Especially after I worked so hard. You're awful!
Chris: How negligent of me, to fall victim to a cold.
Miyako: But *that* worked, didn't it?
Chris: Yes. Who would have thought that, in Japan, wrapping a spring onion around your neck would cure a cold.
Yamato: By the way, stabbing one into your butt can break a fever.
Chris: Hmph. Such a superstitious belief could never be true.
Yamato: Wow, you found me out.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. Spring onions are so convenient. All you have to do is wrap them around you.
*Poor Margit. She'd spent day and night caring for her, and got no credit.*
*............*
Mayo: My family's gotten better. Thank you for asking.
Yamato: But they're not yet fully recovered, right?
Mayo: No, but they can all move about now, so there's not as much for me to do.
Yamato: Even so, you know everyone in our class is softhearted.
Chika: I'm so sorry I caught a cold when you needed me most.
Mayo: Chika-chan, I'm glad you're well.
Chika: You must've had it rough. Let me come over and help you with all the work that's built up.
Haguro: I can totally do that much, too.
Mayo: Please. Thank you all so much!
Chris: Colds are truly awful. When you have one, you should wrap a spring onion around your neck.
Mayo: I'm sorry?
Chris: Today, I will go to help care for your family, Class Rep. After all, you are always caring for me.
Takuya: I've looked up cold medicines and the best foods to eat while sick.
Suguru: The Internet is truly convenient.
Gakuto: I too have at long last recovered.
Takuya: Huh? You got sick, too, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Hell no. Momo-senpai broke my bones and I was in agony for a whole day!
Takuya: What'd you do to deserve that?!
Yamato: Good thing you're a quick healer.
Gakuto: But the one who healed me was Mr. Lu.
Yamato: That seems like Nee-san.
Gakuto: But thanks to that, I have even more power than normal. The assistant instructor of the Kawakami Temple is somethin' else.
Yamato: Then we'll leave all the heavy lifting to you.
Shouichi: So me, I got no time to waste. Yamato, you figure out what I oughta do.
Yamato: Okay. Anyone else who wants to help, speak up. I'll put you in the place you can do the most help.
Jun: I'm participating too, Naoe!
Yamato: Excited already?
Jun: Not just me. There's also dozens of other lolic... I mean, fans of Class Rep's.
Yamato: And now I'm worried.
Jun: Don't get me wrong -- all I want is to see the Class Rep happy.
Jun: When a flower grows weak, you just have to water it. Never let it wilt.
*You...*
Mayo: Why would you all do so much for me?
Yamato: Because you've lived diligently up till now.
Mayo: But I've only done what anyone would do.
Yamato: There's surprisingly few people who actually do those things.
Mayo: I cared for everyone because I loved you all. That's also why I work so hard for my family.
Mayo: You're the one who taught me that, Yamato-san.
Yamato: I did?
Mayo: A while back, there was a time when I didn't know why I worked as hard as I did.
Yamato: So that's what you were worrying about back then.
Jun: An innocent heart creates a bright Japan. That is the power of the loli!
Miyako: What's with this flow of events? I can't stop it.
Miyako: ...But maybe this is all right, too.
Ikurou: I'll take the hottest photos of these scenes. Hey, this is the first time I've ever taken pictures of people who weren't female.
Umeko: You are being so loud. What is going on?!
Chika: Wah, shoot...
Umeko: What is the meaning of this ruckus, Class Rep? Hurry and scold these uncultured swines.
Mayo: Everyone, please return to your seats!
Mayo: The bell to start class already rang ages ago.
*Once again today, the class representative of 2-F's cute, angry voice enveloped the classroom.*
====================act_h_千花シナリオ.bin====================
Chika: ...Mm.
Haguro: Chikarin, like, what are you readin'?
Chika: Hey, can you be quiet? This part is so good.
Haguro: But readin' books is so not you.
Mayo: That's not true at all. Look how seriously she's reading.
*That corner of the room had gotten pretty noisy.*
Takuya: I think this is the first time I've ever seen Ogasawara-san read a book.
Yamato: And a novel at that.
Shouichi: Hey, what do you got there? Lemme see!
Chika: Ooooh...
Gakuto: Hey, Capt, what the hell? You made her cry!
Shouichi: I-I didn't do anything!
Chika: Oh, sorry... Whoa, wahhhh.
Haguro: Your head on straight, girlfriend?
Chika: I don't want to hear that... from... you. Haguro, read this too and then tell me what you think.
Haguro: There's no way a novel would make me... Waaahhhh!
*And now things were even more boisterous.*
Yamato: But in the middle of all that, Wanko hasn't missed a beat.
Kazuko: Hm? Missed what? 1, 2, 3, 4! 4, 5, 6, 7!
*She was doing curls with her dumbbells.*
Shouichi: Huh? I forget, did one of those tearjerkers come out this week?
Miyako: This month's had an abundance of mysteries.
Chris: Their tricks have never been much to my liking.
Chris: One must face everything head-on!
Takuya: But then there wouldn't be any mystery!
*At any rate, it didn't look like her book was a mystery.*
Suguru: Again? How dull.
Takuya: Do you know what she's reading?
Suguru: There is only one thing a dumb blondie would read.
Chika: Oooh, cellphone novels are so good at moving me to tears!
Haguro: Novels are the shit. Shit, like, now my makeup's running.
Shouichi: Cellphone novels? You mean, that stuff with all the comma splices and spelling errors?
Takuya: I don't think they're all like that.
*She must have gotten the paperback edition.*
Shouichi: The Kawakami Bookstore doesn't carry that stuff, so I don't really know much about them.
Suguru: It is bewildering that such rambling prose could be considered worthy of the title of novel.
Chika: At least it doesn't have a comic book-style cover like the 'novel' on your desk, four-eyes.
Suguru: Bitch! Do not besmirch the name of light novels!
Takuya: You really do have a unique worldview...
Chika: You're obviously buying them for the art. Yuck.
Suguru: I concede that such occurrences have indeed happened.
Suguru: However, that has never been my sole reason. I can assure you that much.
Suguru: Never in a million years will I come to understand the minds of dumb blondes.
Yamato: A cellphone novel, huh? If everyone's talking about it, maybe I'll give it a shot.
Chika: Here, take it. You should read it too.
Yamato: Thanks.
Suguru: Soon you will know what vapid thoughts have seized her gray matter.
Yamato: Hey, hey...
*The text was striking and humorous. That was one way to put it, anyways.*
Chika: Isn't it totally easy to understand?
Yamato: Huh? Well, I guess so.
Haguro: And like, having all the character profiles in the back makes following along super easy.
Chika: But the most important part is the plot, and my heart was racing from page one.
Chika: Like, this scene was just too real.
Yamato: I... Do you really think so?
Haguro: Seriously? Even with all the wrist-cutting?
Yamato: Oh. (Huh? Did I skip that bit?)
*The author never took the time to set the scene.*
*And I could barely understand the characters' personalities and thoughts.*
Chika: It really captures the complexities of a woman's heart. Oooh...
Haguro: I know. It's amazing. Like, I totally get you.
Yamato: ...Sure. (This must be culture shock.)
*It started out by saying friends before lovers, but the very next scene had the protagonist trying to sleep with her friend's boyfriend.*
*But the decently shocking series of events had been enough to keep me interested.*
Haguro: The part where she got the guy drunk and raped him was brutal, and totally lit.
Yamato: I suppose.
*Well, maybe there was something novel about how she always tried to commit suicide after her fights with her friends and boyfriend.*
Chika: Men are so insensitive. I mean, seriously.
Haguro: Why'd it take the boyfriend so long to get a clue?
Chika: Afterwards, when she found out her boyfriend was three-timing her--
Haguro: Hey, spoilers!
Yamato: Oh. Yeah. Right.
*There were so many different subcultures, even just within Japan.*
Chika: It's getting a movie, and all the actors are smoking hot. The drama's casting was nice, but I so can't wait to see the new guys.
Yamato: Don't people usually get upset when the cast changes?
Chika: They're hot, and that fixes everything. Because, like, they're hot.
Takuya: Just repeating the word hot doesn't explain anything.
Miyako: (Who even cares...?)
Suguru: Such fools you must be, to be so blind to how they manipulate you.
Chika: At least some of us don't waste our money on that creepy merchandise you like!
Ikurou: Your favorite actor changes too fast. Pick someone you like and stick with him.
Chika: If the times change, then of course my tastes change too.
Ikurou: I will never change, not in a million years.
Chika: Yes, I know you'll always be a pervert, you monkey.
*Not everyone in our class viewed entertainment the same way.*
Mayo: Come to think of it, Chika-chan, did you lose weight?
Chika: Oh my gosh, you can tell?
Mayo: Your diet must be working.
Chika: A kiwi diet is so legit.
Haguro: Yeah, I'm on it too. I pushed through the pain and stomached ten whole kiwis.
Chika: Eating that much ruins the point!
*I always heard people talking about fruit diets, but...*
Yamato: Hmm, are they really effective?
Suguru: It is not the eating of fruit, but rather the abstinence from other foods, that makes you thin.
Takuya: Then water should work the same way.
Kazuko: Just work out a bunch. Then you don't have to worry about anything!
Takuya: No one would get fat if they trained as much as you, Wanko.
Gakuto: I must have meat. And by meat, I mean red meat.
Mitsuru: And holding back is bad for your health.
Shouichi: I don't get girls. If you're hungry, why not go and eat something?
Yamato: There's a lot of different views here too.
*We guys had absolutely no desire to diet.*
*I felt a little closer to Ogasawara Chika now.*
*And I'd grown closer to Class Rep too.*
Mayo: Is today one of the days you help out?
Chika: Yeah, they said they're shorthanded.
Mayo: Then I'll have to come by later to help too.
Chika: You don't have to, really. Go look after your little brothers and sisters.
Mayo: Okay. Then I will see you tomorrow.
Chris: Hm, Chikarin, do you have a part-time job?
Chika: It's not really a job. I'm just helping out at the shop. So, bye.
*She hurried home.*
Chris: She ran out of here incredibly fast.
Takuya: She must be short on time.
Yamato: The shopping district does get packed during the evening, after all.
Chris: If her work is one she must rush to, then I can naturally narrow down the possibilities.
Miyako: And what does your process of elimination tell you?
Chris: I had no idea Chikarin's family are traditional couriers!
Takuya: How'd you narrow it down to that?!
Ikurou: Shit, I just imagined a girl wearing fundoshi underwear... I-I have to go to the bathroom!
Miyako: Ikurou's the only one who can make leaps of logic that rival yours.
Yamato: That stuff's better handled by an express delivery service.
Chris: Mngh. Then what is their profession?
Mitsuru: They're confectionists. Japanese confectionists. They run a Japanese sweets store.
Yamato: Just because it's important doesn't mean you have to say it three times.
Shouichi: Kuma-chan and I'll go down there sometimes to grab a bite, and their stuff's good.
*Apparently, their store had a fair bit of history.*
Ikurou: The dumb blondie goes home to make sweets. Damn, that's funny... Ahh, that felt good.
Takuya: That was fast...
Ikurou: Don't hurt me like that, Moro. (He slapped his shoulders.)
Takuya: You washed your hands, right?!
Chris: That is unexpected.
Yamato: And traditional couriers wasn't?
Ikurou: ...But you're right, it doesn't suit her.
Takuya: You heard all that? But you only just got back.
Ikurou: I have confidence in my eyes and ears. After all, I have to be able to hear the wind coming.
Gakuto: Yeah, Chikarin feels too Western to be making Japanese sweets.
Gakuto: I mean, you've seen those curves.
*There were a lot of books that shouldn't be judged by their cover.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
Takuya: Oh, she's asleep...
*Though adopted, sleeping Wanko was the second daughter of the Kawakami Temple.*
*I hadn't been interested in that stuff before, but maybe it would be better to gather a bit of knowledge.*
Suguru: I wake in the morning to the dawn of nightmares. Ergo, I can but await the night.
*He was just crazy. I decided to leave him be.*
Mayo: The candy Chika-chan makes is really delicious.
Chris: Then I would love to try them.
Haguro: Heck, even I ain't tried that shit.
Ikurou: Oh, hey, me neither.
Chris: Shall we buy some at her store?
Mayo: Chika-chan's hand-crafted sweets aren't on sale at the store.
Yamato: Japanese sweets... Nee-san likes them too.
Kazuko: I love them too!
Takuya: Huh? Weren't you just sleeping?!
Miyako: Aren't rice crackers with super-spicy chili peppers wonderful?
Takuya: Only to you, Miyako. Only to you.
Chris: I wish I could see what sort of sweets they are.
Shouichi: Then let's all head on out there!
Mitsuru: Yes. Let's go, let's go.
Kazuko: Zzz...
Takuya: Wanko, you're too much like an animal...
Kazuko: Tosa dogs really know how to fight! Zzzz.
Takuya: It sounds like she's in a rough battle against a dog, too...
Chika: Welcome.
*She was dressed in what looked like a happi coat.*
Chris: You look like someone born and raised in Edo. How stylish.
Takuya: This is technically the Land of the Samurai.
Chris: I would love to wear one myself!
Yamato: Now, now. Calm down there, your highness.
Mitsuru: Good day, Ogasawara-san.
Chika: Hello. You want the usual, Kuma-chan?
Mitsuru: Thank you. *om nom nom*
*Kuma-chan must have been a regular customer.*
Chika: Did everyone come?
Kazuko: You're working here all by yourself?
Chika: Right now, the only others here are the chefs who make the sweets.
*A wonderful smell wafted from within.*
Chris: It all looks so delicious. Oh, you even have inari.
Chika: We also have nori-maki and red rice.
Mitsuru: They have a rich and delicious flavor.
Chika: None of the other stores can match the perfect balance of our ingredients.
Mitsuru: Chris-san, you should try some too.
*He handed her a rice cake stuffed with beam jam, but...*
Chris: No, I shall buy my own.
Chika: Thank you. Please come again. 
Chris: Good. One should eat such things only after paying for them.
Yamato: I'll buy some too.
Kazuko: Yamato, the inside of my wallet's so lonely.
Yamato: All right, I'll buy two.
Kazuko: *om nom nom* It's so good.
Yamato: That's a good girl. (I patted her head.)
*So I wound up buying Wanko's share too.*
Gakuto: I too have an empty wallet.
Yamato: How unfortunate.
Gakuto: Hey! Why're you treatin' us differently?!
Takuya: It's because Wanko's like our mascot.
Gakuto: I can be a soothin' presence too!
*I could feel my eyes start to bleed.*
Chika: I'm sorry. I'd really like to treat you to them, but...
Chris: You have pride in your shop's confectionaries, right?
Chris: It is only natural that you expect customers to pay.
Shouichi: Then how about a game of chouhan? Double or nothin'!
Chris: You need not make everything in life a gamble.
Takuya: Well, what else can we expect when we're looking at a store's goods?
Yamato: ...Yeah, it's good.
Chika: I mean, we did put a lot of long, hard work into making them.
*Her style and tastes might be that of a modern girl, but she had pride in her store.*
Mayo: I made our lunches today very healthy.
Chika: Thanks for always doing this. I love you more than anyone else in the world.
Mayo: Always buying processed food is bad for your health, after all.
*Today found the two of them once again eating packed lunches together.*
Chris: Oh...?
Chris: That looks absolutely scrumptious.
Chika: It totally is. Mayo is going to be a great wife one day.
Mayo: But my sweets aren't nearly as good as yours, Chika-chan.
*The two complimented each other.*
Gakuto: Aww, I wish I could eat a girl's handmade food. Oh, right, but Class Rep made these.
Mayo: Is there something wrong with that?
Gakuto: Huh? I mean, I wouldn't say it's a problem, but... Right?
Yamato: He means that your lunches are made especially for Ogasawara-san.
*I backed him up.*
Chika: Really, if I were a boy I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off her.
Yamato: You know Inoue from Class 2-S has a crush on her, right?
Chika: Even if he is the son of a doctor, there's just no way that works.
*No matter how high-born a person might be, problematic fetishes could still rule them out.*
Yamato: You make her a lunch most every day, don't you?
Mayo: Chika-chan's parents are so busy, so...
Chika: I keep telling her that it's so much work and she doesn't have to, but...
Mayo: Oh, no. Just making one extra lunch is hardly any effort at all.
Ikurou: So what if your parents won't make it? You're a girl -- you should be able to make your own lunch.
Chika: Have you ever even tried to make one yourself?
Ikurou: Hell no.
Chika: Want to try?
Ikurou: That's not something guys do in the first place.
Chika: But Mayo does it every day.
Mayo: I'm a big sister. Of course I do.
*If she liked doing it, then I didn't really see a problem with it.*
Ikurou: Well, it is nice to take a picture of a peaceful lunch from time to time.
Chika: Hey! No one said you could take our picture!
Ikurou: Its rarity is only common, but it might make for a good opener.
Chika: You seriously have too much time on your hands, you creepy monkey.
Ikurou: Now then, time to gather more!
*He left the room, all while running his mouth about the foulest things.*
Chika: Sheesh, every time I hear his voice it just drives me insane.
Mayo: And he was running in the hallway. We'll have to talk to him about that later.
Mitsuru: Here you are with your after-lunch desserts.
Chika: Thanks for always. The next time you come by, it'll be on the house.
Suguru: (The girl with nothing but candy for brains is eating candy.)
Suguru: (Heh heh. A comical sight, no matter how often I see it.)
Chika: I so don't get why you're trying to pick a fight with me.
Haguro: Oh? I'll take this. *Munch!* *Chomp!*
Chika: Umm, he gave that to me, thank you very much!
*People tended to gather around Ogasawara-san, for better and for worse.*
Yamato: There's so much I can learn from her.
*I wondered if I should try to spend more time with her.*
Ikurou: I've finished the May edition of the Girls-I-Wanna-Fuck rankings.
Gakuto: Great! Then I shall check that list immediately.
Yamato: I've been meaning to ask, do you really hand out surveys?
*Because I'd never filled one out.*
Ikurou: These are the opinions of the chosen.
Takuya: We take the surveys at the Goblins' Banquet.
*I'd heard rumors of that event, of something all the unpopular guys did together.*
*Maybe that was why the opinions seem so biased.*
Yamato: I don't have the right to participate?
Takuya: Nope. And I think you're happier that way.
Suguru: Once did they trick me into going, and truly it was dull. They were a repulsive bunch to behold.
Takuya: That's right -- Suguru does have the right to participate.
Suguru: 3D women are fools, yet more foolish still are the men who would flirt with them.
Ikurou: Yeah, and we don't give a shit about the opinion of guys with girls, or guys who don't care about girls!
Yamato: I don't have a girlfriend either.
Ikurou: Dude, you ever asked anyone out?
Yamato: Nah. There's never been anyone I've really had feelings for.
*But even as I said the words, Nee-san's face flashed into my mind.*
Ikurou: Has a girl ever called you a creep?
Yamato: No, of course not.
Ikurou: You third-rate. We have no salvation for the likes of you!
*What an awful thing to say.*
Yamato: But you hit on something there. The problem is that there isn't anyone I like in particular.
Miyako: Isn't there? And isn't she always right by your side?
Yamato: She's a friend.
Miyako: No good, huh.
Miyako: Heh heh heh... Nevertheless, things are fine just as they are.
Takuya: ...I can't even imagine Yamato going out with someone.
Yamato: Huh? You can't?
Shouichi: That's fine. We're gonna be friends forever.
Yamato: Whoa, I kinda don't know how to respond to that.
Shouichi: Why's that? I'm not gonna bore you. Not during the day, and not during the night.
*Well, I certainly wouldn't be bored, but...*
Yamato: I sorta feel like that's not enough.
Shouichi: What, you're not satisfied about something?
Yamato: I want to experience lots of things and make them parts of me.
Shouichi: Hey, I'm the same way. Let's go on an adventure!
Yamato: I wouldn't mind, but...
*I wanted to be able to empathize with lots of people.*
*So maybe love was what I was looking for.*
Gakuto: It doesn't look much different than normal.
Ikurou: Some people are starting to climb the ranks, little by little.
Yamato: I wonder how it went.
*First place, Ogasawara Chika.*
Takuya: She has first place locked up.
Yamato: The survey covered the girls in every grade, right?
Ikurou: Plus some of the teachers.
Yamato: Sometimes, I feel like our entire school is filled with jerks...
*Nevertheless, she was really popular.*
Ikurou: Her personality's not great, but her body is dy-no-mite.
Yamato: There are times where I have no idea what she's saying, but I wouldn't say she has a bad personality.
Ikurou: Really? She's such a dumb blondie with no idea how the real world works.
Gakuto: There's no denyin' she's a good woman. If she was mine, you'd hear no complaints from me.
Yamato: Ms. Ume got a surprising number of votes.
Gakuto: I voted for her as well.
*...But if she heard that, she'd almost certainly fly off the handle.*
Takuya: But that said, there don't seem to be any students who are actually going to confess to her.
Gakuto: What about me? I frequently seek her attention.
Takuya: And you did say something to that effect on your guidance counseling form.
Gakuto: Yeah. Now I await her response.
Yamato: The scariest thing is, you actually have your hopes up.
Shouichi: Forget that junk -- what's wrong with everyone just liking whoever they like?
Ikurou: How many times do I have to tell you? I don't care what a guy who's not into girls thinks!
Ikurou: This is my justice, and I won't let anybody say otherwise!
Shouichi: I don't really get it, but if you say so.
Yamato: On that note, how did the members of the Kazama Family do?
*They were all pretty, so they'd all wedged themselves pretty high up, but...*
Gakuto: Sure, I get Momo-senpai and Chris, but...
Takuya: Back up. Chris only just transferred here, so how is she...?
Ikurou: The biggest movers in the ranking were Chris and two freshmen: Musashi Kosugi and this Oowada girl.
Yamato: But even so, it was a pretty close contest.
Gakuto: Momo-senpai's such a waste of potential. Why does the most beautiful girl on campus have to be the most dangerous?
Takuya: And no matter how you spin it, I don't think Wanko can leave the mascot and cute animal zone.
Gakuto: Yeah, she's not the kind of girl I'd want to do.
Miyako: And I'm Yamato's wife, after all.
Yamato: Don't butt into the conversation just to say that.
Gakuto: But even so, Miyako, you wound up amazingly high. But I shouldn't be surprised.
Takuya: Mayucchi's still not very well known, huh.
Yamato: And she doesn't like to stand out.
Ikurou: Maybe I should do a special collection on Chris next month.
Yamato: Is there any line you won't cross?
Ikurou: My mission is to provide that which men seek. But even so, would it kill her to leave an opening?
Gakuto: Don't give up, Yonpachi!
Ikurou: No worries. You can count on me!
Gakuto: I'll be there to pick up your bones.
*They didn't seem too hopeful.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*A month since Mayucchi and Chris had joined.*
*Things around us were getting livelier than ever.*
*Kawakami Academy's Class 2-F in particular seemed full of strong personalities.*
*But amid them, I'd started to see a certain modern girl as something special.*
*She was 2-F's mood maker, Ogasawara Chika.*
*For better or worse, she was the heart of our class.*
*She wasn't the type of girl I usually spoke with, which made her all the more intriguing.*
*Though Suguru and Yonpachi's impressions of her seemed anything but good.*
*...Maybe, in her, I'd find what I was looking for.*
*But that said, she had nothing to do with the Kazama Family.*
*I'd need to connect with her individually.*
*And that meant learning a lot.*
*I decided to ask Shimokitazawa-kun all sorts of questions.*
*He had experience to spare, so he'd be a big help.*
*I didn't yet know what was going to happen...*
*But everything was an experience.*
*Thus began a summer that was a touch different than usual.*
*--During class.*
History Teacher: Waka poems are exactly 31 morae in length. The popularity of the long chouka poems waned during the Heian Era.
Miyako: Isn't that something we should study in classics, not history?
Yamato: There's no point worrying about that now. Just enjoy the free A's while we can.
*As for entrance exams, well... I'd be looking to get in via recommendations.*
*But how was everyone else doing?*
Shouichi: ...Boring. I'm sick and tired of the Heian era.
Shouichi: I wanna study an era brimming with frontier spirit -- the Age of Exploration!
Kazuko: Zzz...: Ugh!
*I yanked on her ponytail.*
Gakuto: I shall be a nice guy again today.
*I wasn't touching that.*
Chris: Japan truly is wonderful.
*Moro and Chris were both earnestly paying attention to class.*
*But sometimes, my eyes wandered to people outside of the Family.*
Chika: 
*She was texting someone, using her textbook to hide her phone from the teacher.*
Yamato: (Hm, she's drawing something as she types.)
*Was it... bread?*
Chika: 'You Can-Do with Can-Dy!' ...And send.
Yamato: ......
Chika: Hm, this isn't quite right.
*She started redrawing the image. She must not have liked the character's eyes.*
Chika: ...And there.
Yamato: (Is that a flip book?!)
*I felt like I'd seen something I shouldn't have.*
*......*
*After class ended.*
Chika: Naocchi, I know you saw me doing that.
Yamato: Oh, sorry. Looking around is kind of a habit of mine.
Chika: I mean, I guess I don't mind. It's not like people staring at me is anything new.
*I knew. During gym class, nobody even tried to hide their stares.*
Chika: The Heian era is totally not my thing, so I have to find some way to kill time.
Yamato: Cellphones really are convenient. You can even listen to songs on them.
Chika: Oh, that's right. I got this text earlier, and...
*The general gist of the message, once I got past the emoji...*
*Was that the sender's sisters would be attending the next mixer, so she wanted Chika to gather some people too.*
Chika: Oh my gosh, right? She's practically forcing me to do it.
Yamato: The sender's name is Angel ... Is that some sort of nickname?
Chika: No, that's actually her real name.
Yamato: I have heard that more and more parents are giving their children names like that...
*She seemed like a penpal, so was she the same age as us?*
Chika: Oh, she's like, totally touchy when it comes to her name, so be careful.
Yamato: I mean, it's not like I'm planning to talk to her.
Chika: Oh, I think you will.
Yamato: You're telling me to go?
Chika: You saw the text. I have to find people.
Yamato: Wouldn't you rather someone like Capt or Gen-san over me?
Tadakatsu: The hell are you namin' me for?!
*He'd heard me.*
Chika: I mean, I guess that would work if I'm just looking for pretty faces, but...
*It had been my idea, but I still felt ticked, hearing that.*
Chika: So those girls are like, really peculiar.
Yamato: Uh, I hope I don't come off as peculiar...
Chika: Naocchi, you've totally never been to a mixer, right?
Miyako: Of course he hasn't!
Takuya: Why is Miyako answering the question?
Gakuto: As it happens, I have attended quite the number of such events.
Takuya: From which you've always gone home alone.
*The Kazama Family had gathered around us.*
Chris: Whatever is a mixer ?
Yamato: It's an event where people mix their ideas together to create something new.
Chris: Working together to achieve success is a laudable thing.
*She'd actually believed me.*
Chika: You're going to love it.
Yamato: Am I, now?
Miyako: There's no reason for you to go.
Haguro: Seriously, these days, like, a guy who doesn't go to mixers is just, like, no way.
Chika: I know.
Yamato: (Hmm... Well, there's no harm in trying new things.)
Yamato: If you insist, then all right.
Miyako: Oh me oh my...
Chika: I wanted one hot stud to keep things balanced. Now I just have to find someone to stir things up and someone who won't stand out.
Yamato: I guess there's a lot to consider.
Chika: Oh, and I'll need a creep to contrast with the hottie. Which means...
*She looked over the men of the Kazama Family.*
Chika: Yes, yes, you'd be best. Oh my gosh, my eye is just perfect for these things.
Miyako: ...She's out of control.
Yamato: Let's do this, Capt.
Shouichi: I don't wanna.
*He wasn't game.*
Shouichi: They're going to start talking to me while I'm tryin' to eat, and I don't wanna deal with it.
Takuya: You're not there for the food.
Gakuto: You sure know a lot for someone who's never been to one.
Takuya: Yeah, because you always come crying to me!
Shouichi: Anyways, that doesn't make any sense. Momo-senpai would throttle me if I said that to her.
*I knew from experience that, once Capt had gotten to this point, there was no use trying to reason with him.*
Gakuto: There's no problem. I'm hot enough for everyone.
Takuya: What role do you think everyone gets?!
*If Capt wasn't coming, I wasn't stepping down into being the person who livens up the event.*
Ikurou: I hear a voice somewhere calling to me.
Chika: Uh, no one's calling for you.
Ikurou: Truth is, I've been listening from the start. And I hear you don't have enough people.
Chika: All that's left to find is a hottie, so I'm sorry, but there's just no place for an ugly monkey.
Ikurou: The hell? Don't underestimate my skills at a mixer.
Chika: Hmph. I'll underestimate you all day long. Take your lickings and go.
Ikurou: Y-You'll lick me?! ...Huff, huff. I can't believe I'm being turned on by a dumb blondie!
Takuya: He's certainly peculiar, at least.
*He might actually be good at keeping things exciting.*
Chika: At any rate, I totally need to find a hot guy, or she'll doubt my eye for men.
Yamato: ...Somehow or another, umm...
*I definitely wasn't that hot, but...*
Chika: So you'll totally talk Kazama-kun into coming for me, right?
Yamato: Okay, but it's probably impossible.
Miyako: ...So Yamato, you like going out with people like her too.
Yamato: Having all sorts of experience is part of my studies... Please leave it at that.
Chris: As they say, hard study builds character.
Takuya: Yes, but I don't think this is what they had in mind.
Yamato: It's not like I'm going to take things super seriously.
Miyako: After all, he has me.
*Miyako must have been flustered. She never talked this much at school.*
Chika: Then I'll text her that you'll be there this weekend.
*And so the plan came together.*
*It wasn't long at all before the day of the mixer, but...*
Ikurou: All right! I'm going to do my best today. Leave things to me!
Chika: Umm, the monkey is here why?!
Yamato: Capt really, really didn't want to come. Sorry.
Gakuto: Guys, let me start out by sayin' that I'm sorry.
Takuya: I think I can guess, but just to make sure: Why?
Gakuto: Because today, all the ladies are goin' home with this nice guy right here.
Chika: When you're wearing just that tank top? As if.
Chika: Well, at least no one will get the wrong impression about you.
Takuya: Do you think I should've worn something different?
Chika: Oh, Morooka-kun, I think it's nice.
Takuya: I-It is...? Then great.
*I went with clothes that were charming but not eccentric.*
Gakuto: Will the girls match me? I'm not into kids.
Chika: Well, that question aside...
Chika: She told me her sisters are beautiful.
Gakuto: I feel like I got two 7's in the slot machine of life, and the third wheel's still spinning!
Chika: Good luck keeping things exciting. I'm expecting a lot out of you.
*So that would be Gakuto's role.*
*With this group, that wasn't much of a surprise.*
Chika: I so wanted to go somewhere really atmospheric, but a family restaurant? As if.
Yamato: Well, atmosphere can be important.
Takuya: I'm okay going here. It won't cost us that much. And I already know the menu.
Chika: You're still fired up. I mean, really?
Yamato: He's serious.
Chika: Now that I think about it, there's nothing for me to look forward to. I should've had them find some boys too.
*Familiar faces were waiting for us inside the restaurant.*
Angel: Oh, you here. Chikarin, over here!
Ikurou: Whoa, shit. You're too high-level!
Chika: Umm, Monkey, could you please try to control yourself?!
Tatsuko: Hmm, is this place OK, A-chan?
Angel: Yeah. She my pal, Chikarin.
Ami: I can't wait to see what sort of men she has with her.
Chika: Whoa, A-chan, your sisters are beautiful.
Ami: Well, naturally. As for the men... Is that it?
Chika: I'm so sorry, but I couldn't find anyone else.
Tatsuko: Hm?
Yamato: Huh?
Angel: Oh, you! You're you! Where do I know you?
Takuya: From the arcade...
Angel: Right!
Ami: Wow... It's you, boy.
Gakuto: If it isn't you, miss!
*People started breaking off into pairs.*
Tatsuko: Huhhh? Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Yamato: Earlier, on the banks of the river.
Angel: You ain't gonna win and fuck off this time. We playin' Virtua Revo after this.
Takuya: Back then, weren't you the one who disappeared?
Ami: Long time no see.
Gakuto: Oh, so you remember me?!
Chika: Huh? You all know each other?
Ikurou: I can't believe you guys. You know women this beautiful and you never told me about it?!
*It was as if something had drawn us together.*
Gakuto: Well, miss, how do you find my awesome body today?!
Ami: Well... You look worth harassing.
Tatsuko: They keep the temperature so high in the store. Doesn't it make you sleepy?
Yamato: I guess...?
Angel: I trained so fuckin' hard, now I gonna beat you even without any cheap combos.
Angel: This? This the era of Shiso.
Takuya: You really do specialize in fighting games, don't you?
*Everyone hit it off with the person they'd met before.*
Chika: Oh my gosh. This is such a surprise... And I guess I...
Ikurou: Nnngh... Look at them having all the fun.
Chika: Huh, who would've thought I'd be the odd girl out?
Ikurou: This mixer's only just gotten started, miss!
Chika: Like, who are you even talking to?
Ikurou: Shit, I don't even know her name. Aren't mixers supposed to open with introductions?!
Chika: It's way too late to say that now.
Ikurou: Boring. What's going on with you, Coordinator?
Chika: Hey, I'm bored too.
Chika: Why do I have to waste my weekend staring at your little monkey face?
Ikurou: Hey, don't call me little! I used to be taller than you!
Chika: Isn't that backwards? Oh my gosh, you're just so unreliable.
Tatsuko: I'm so tired. But the weather's so nice, I can't help it.
Yamato: Yeah, I guess so...
*With her, I didn't even know where to start.*
*If I were to analyze her psychology, I'd say she was truly tired.*
*Not tired as in tired of talking with people, but tired as in sleepy.*
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Yamato: ...Wow, you're asleep. You're even worse than Wanko.
Chika: Why aren't there any good men in my life?
Ikurou: What are you talking about?
Ikurou: You're the one changing your type every other day.
Chika: Well, when times change, my type changes, too.
Chika: It's like fads, you know?
Ikurou: And how many times has it changed since you were a kid? Pick something!
Chika: I so do not need to have you telling me this.
Chika: You're seriously, like, a creep.
Yamato: Even you two are hitting it off. *wink*
Chika & Ikurou: I wish we weren't!
Yamato: Oh, my bad. (You two are a lot closer than I would've thought.)
Ami: It's about time for me to go to work.
Gakuto: 'Work'?
Ami: Sorry, but my work's more than a kid like you could handle.
Angel: Ami looks fuckin' hot when she dressed for work.
Tatsuko: Yeah, she does... Zzz...
Ami: So then... Chikarin, was it?
Chika: Huh? Uh, yes?
*She gave her a look that said wrap things up.*
Angel: It was fun talkin' with you. You know tons of shit about games!
Angel: We gotta face off in Juuken 6! My main's Devil!
Takuya: Oh, okay... (Even there, she only plays top-tier characters.)
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun, do you want mine, just in case?
Yamato: Thanks.
Ami: Here. When you're free, I can come by.
Gakuto: Finally, my cellphone has acquired the number of a girl from outside the Family!
Ikurou: I'll give you my number. That makes you the luckiest girl in the world.
Chika: As if. I don't even want it.
Ikurou: Just let me sound cool for one second, dumbass!
*And so the mixer proved a success for everyone, save for a few exceptions.*
Gakuto: Ha ha ha! I am victorious! Now, for a commemorative selfie!
Takuya: Whoa, what a shock...
Gakuto: Victories for everyone! I never thought things would go this well!
Takuya: Everyone...? No. Strictly speaking, there was one failure.
Gakuto: Even though mixers are an easy win?! Who's the idiot who failed?!
Gakuto: C'mon, Yonpachi. We must point and laugh at him, like he deserves!
Ikurou: --!
Takuya: Gakuto, Gakuto. The guy who failed... was Yonpachi.
Gakuto: ...Whoops.
Ikurou: Stop being so damn full of yourselves!
Yamato: It could've been worse. At least she took the time to mess with you.
Takuya: You exchanged numbers with a girl, right? So it must've gone well.
Yamato: I did, yeah... (But I wouldn't say things were that rosy.)
Chika: Ah, I have to make sure she brings guys too next time.
Ikurou: Tch. There could've at least been a few random boob or panty shots.
Chika: That's what you expected?
Ikurou: What do you want from me? I couldn't even force my way into any conversations.
Gakuto: If you want more things to talk about, you should watch more primetime TV.
Takuya: You amaze me sometimes. But sooner or later, it's going to come back to bite you.
Gakuto: Hm? Wow, it's from Ami-san!
Takuya: Oh, mine's from A-san.
Yamato: A-san?
Gakuto: See this? It's a call! From a girl! I, Gakuto, am receivin' a phone call from a girl outside the Kazama Family!
Takuya: Me too! We did it!
Gakuto: Then this summer, the two of us are goin' to become men.
Takuya: I have to take this call. You don't mind, right?
Yamato: Just hurry up and answer it already.
Takuya: Then excuse me!
*The two headed down an alleyway.*
Chika: What is with them? They could've just answered here.
Yamato: (And I didn't get a call. Should I call her? No, calling her now would seem clingy... I have to stay relaxed.)
Ikurou: Oh, this is a nice wind. A divine wind, a kamikaze.
*Yonpachi disappeared off somewhere, chasing after girls' skirts.*
Chika: Ugh... What is with him?
Yamato: ...Are mixers always like this?
Chika: Of course not. I've never been this bored before.
Gakuto: It turns out Ami-san's off work, so I am headin' over to spend time with her.
Takuya: And when I told A-san I was free, she invited me to the arcade.
Yamato: Wow, it looks like the tide's really come in for you two.
Gakuto: We cannot leave our ladies waiting. Let us go, Moro!
Takuya: Yeah! See ya, Yamato! I'm going to play with a girl!
Yamato: Moro, don't you seem a little more excited than usual?
Takuya: It's just your imagination. It must be. Yamato, thanks for the mixer.
Gakuto: Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go!
Yamato: ...Wow, they definitely out to have a good time.
*A-And I definitely wasn't frustrated or anything.*
Chika: Heading straight home now just feels so...
Yamato: Yeah.
Chika: ......
*Was she staring at me? ...Was she interested in me?*
Chika: To be honest, did you enjoy it?
Yamato: I felt like I was just along for the ride, I guess.
*I answered her honestly.*
Chika: Right? Sorry. And after I was the one who asked you to come.
Yamato: You must've been bored yourself, having to deal with Yonpachi the whole time.
Chika: Oh, you were worried about me?
Yamato: I just never really had a chance to save you from him.
Chika: That monkey is just so aggravating. I thought maybe he'd be fun to be around, but he's totally useless.
Yamato: Oh yeah, we never even wound up having anything to eat.
Chika: As if anyone would eat food at a mixer.
Yamato: Eh, is it really that big of a deal? Though I already knew the answer.
Chika: There's a good reason for it.
Yamato: Well, it does leave us free to get something to eat now.
Yamato: It's a little far, but I know a good place in Chinatown. Let's go there.
Chika: Oh, that sounds great. Let's go!
*..........*
Chika: Wow, I never even knew this place was here.
Yamato: It has a good reputation, so I come down here occasionally.
*Kuma-chan would tell about me lots of tasty restaurants, so all I had to do was pick the right place for the situation.*
Yamato: I'm sure you're hungry.
Chika: I mean, how am I supposed to go out to eat afterwards if I show up hungry?
Yamato: That makes sense. You've really thought things through.
Chika: Those other three guys so totally ate a regular breakfast. Like, somebody really needs to talk to them about breath care.
Yamato: That's good to know. So, as thanks for telling me all that...
Yamato: Let this be my treat. Go ahead and order whatever you want.
Chika: Oh my gosh, really?! (Though that was my plan all along.)
Yamato: Go ahead. (Now isn't the time to be stingy.)
*In exchange, I'd get a dress rehearsal on how to take a girl out. There were so many things I wanted to ask her.*
Yamato: I hear the duck's tongue is really good.
Chika: Really? Then let's start with Peking duck.
Yamato: ...No slow starts for you, huh?
*That was the most expensive item on the menu, but I'd already accounted for this.*
*The place felt expensive, but their prices were reasonable.*
*And besides, what sort of guy takes a girl out and then wrings his hands over the bill?*
Chika: The Peking duck really is good.
Yamato: Yeah, it is.
*Though the reviews for it hadn't actually been that good.*
Chika: Okay, let's try the thing you recommended.
Yamato: Here.
Chika: I've never had duck's tongue before... Mm, hmm, it's so deliciously spicy!
Yamato: Don't you think this is better?
Chika: Yeah. I guess the famous foods aren't necessarily the best.
Yamato: I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Chika: I so have to take Mayo here sometime.
Yamato: You two are really close, huh.
Chika: Yeah. You just don't see girls like her these days.
*I got the feeling that asking her about their past might liven things up.*
Yamato: Was there something that brought you together?
Chika: Mmn, telling you myself seems kind of... You know? You should totally ask her.
*Swing and a miss.*
Chika: What about you? Aren't you always hanging out with the same group?
Yamato: Yeah, you're right. Somehow or another, we've stuck together all these years.
Chika: And like, there must be tons of history with Shiinacchi, right?
Yamato: Mm, I guess so.
Chika: But she shouldn't be so cold. Girls notice that kind of thing, you know?
Yamato: I've told her the same thing myself.
Chika: It's not like I hate her or anything. We are in the same class and all.
Yamato: It's reassuring to hear you say that, Ogasawara-san.
*I really did wish Miyako would build relationships instead of walls around herself.*
Chika: Oh yeah, I just love this restaurant's name.
Yamato: Me too. It's the same as the name of an album of an artist I like.
Chika: Oh my gosh, no way -- you're talking about Black Planet?
Yamato: Yes, that's the one. It's from BP's second album, Inamura.
Chika: Wow. Naocchi, you really know your stuff.
Yamato: Well, no real fan would shorten their name to BPlan.
Chika: Of course not. Every Planeteer knows that.
Yamato: Well, I've heard it said the wrong way a lot.
*Who would've thought I'd find a kindred spirit here?*
Chika: Like, Haguro's always talking about Dead.
Yamato: They're pretty popular, and I like them too. But I'm a BP fan for life.
Chika: Me too. Dead just feels so un-fresh, and they're kind of stereotypical?
Yamato: It's been a long time since they've debuted, but I can't really blame them. Well, I guess I kind of like that, too.
Chika: Where'd you get your start on BP?
Yamato: Capt recommended it to me.
Chika: Wow, Kazama-kun did?
Yamato: And I started by listening to their debut single.
Chika: I know their singles are good, but BP's albums are the best.
Yamato: I know. The songs on their albums are really awesome. I'm crazy about them.
Chika: And like, on their second album, I loved how all twelve songs flowed together.
Yamato: Yeah. It's like you're hearing a single story.
Chika: If you listen to their singles in order, there's a story there too. The album's stories complement it.
Yamato: No other bands even try to put that much thought into their songs.
Chika: ...I'm blown away that we have this much to talk about.
*Wait. Was this a sign? Could it be that she, too...*
Yamato: Are you interested in hermit crabs?
Chika: Nope, not at all. Like, where'd that even come from?
*Okay, maybe not.*
*...............*
Shouichi: Hey, where was everybody at yesterday?
Gakuto: Heh heh. Well, no need to be grump. I had business to attend to.
Miyako: It's rare for Moro not to come.
Takuya: Well, even I go out sometimes.
Chris: Now that you mention it, how did your mixing event go?
Yamato: I got good results, thank you very much.
Yukie: That's nice.
Momoyo: By the way, you do know that's not going to work on me, right? Details, now.
*She pinned me down.*
Yamato: Didn't I tell you yesterday?
Momoyo: Mixers are nice. They're like a buffet.
Yamato: Nee-san, you would definitely count as one of the guys. Yeouch!
Momoyo: That's weird. Last time I checked, you knew how to take a hint.
*I probably shouldn't have said that. Well, I sort of did want to be teased.*
Miyako: Stare-ism.
*That was a philosophy I hadn't heard of before.*
Miyako: Your head's too high up in the clouds. I know none of this is a surprise to you, too.
Gakuto: Next, a kiss. Then, our first night together.
Takuya: You're going way too fast!
Gakuto: You fool. You have to go on the attack.
Kazuko: Well, I'm glad to see you're happy.
Momoyo: You're barely even moving anymore. Forget it.
Yamato: ...Ah. I'm finally free.
*Staying still was the fastest way to get free.*
Gakuto: Well, I did leave time for our Friday Meetings.
Takuya: Obviously. We are who we are.
*So things were getting exciting.*
Chika: Here you go.
Yamato: Hm? What's this, Chikarin? (I casually used her nickname).
*She gave me candy as soon as I sat down.*
Chika: No rush, you can eat it whenever you want later.
Yamato: Okay. Thank you.
*But still, this was the first time I'd received handmade candy.*
Mayo: Oh, aren't those Chika-chan's candies?
Yamato: She just gave some to me.
Mayo: I see, I see. I can accept her choosing you, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Huh?
Mayo: She's taken a liking to you, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Oh. Then the reason she's never given candy to everyone is...
Mayo: She can only make them on weekends and at night, so she wouldn't make them without a special reason.
*She'd made them just for me.*
Yamato: I guess I'm glad to hear that.
Mayo: I'm thankful to Chika-chan too.
Yamato: Class Rep, when did you first receive her candy?
Mayo: It was before we entered Kawakami Academy, back when we attended the same middle school.
*So they'd known each other for a long time. That explained a lot.*
Chika: Here. This is a song from back before BP made it big.
Yamato: You have that?
Chika: You sounded like you'd only recently started listening to them, so I thought you might not have heard it.
Yamato: No, I've never even heard of it before.
Chika: Well, I've been a fan for longer, so like, of course I'd know of things you don't.
Yamato: But I know I've heard all of their recent stuff.
Chika: I wonder... Do you have your songs on your phone?
Yamato: Of course I do.
*We even hit it off in the classroom.*
*...............*
Miyako: You've been talking to Ogasawara-san a lot lately.
Yamato: It turns we have a lot to talk about.
Miyako: But Yamato, you can hold a conversation with anyone.
Yamato: That's true, but... it's like, with Chikarin, I don't have to just follow her lead.
*I wasn't just holding a conversation with her. We actually liked the same things.*
Yamato: I guess we have some good chemistry together, or maybe we just get along well.
Miyako: ...Oh.
Yamato: If only I could talk to her about hermit crabs, then she'd be perfect.
Miyako: That's not going to happen.
Yamato: Well, you're in a bad mood.
Miyako: If we had good chemistry then you would know why, right?
Yamato: I, uh, don't get it. Yeah...
*I decided to act like I had no idea what was going on with her.*
Miyako: You know, Yamato...
Yamato: You're important to me, as a friend.
Miyako: I hadn't even said anything yet, you meanie...
Yamato: Oh, Chikarin's calling me.
Chika: So I was looking at tomorrow's homework, and Mayo's already asleep, so...
Yamato: It's fine. I have some spare time.
Chika: You're the best. Especially since it's for that demon Kojima, in World History.
Yamato: I've already finished it, so you can ask me anything.
Chika: Oh, I knew I could count on you, Naocchi.
Miyako: Geez. You bully.
Miyako: ...I should be on my guard.
*Miyako was radiating jealousy, but I took it in stride.*
Miyako: Mmng...
*She looked like she wanted to say something, but I refused to read between the lines.*
*I kept talking with Chikarin late into the night.*
Chika: Thank you so much for teaching me all that. You're a lifesaver.
Yamato: Given what's happened till now, I figured it was pretty likely you'd seek me out.
Mayo: I'm so sorry. I was so tired last night, I never even realized.
Chika: No, don't worry about it.
Miyako: (What's with the air about them? I can't even butt in...)
Yamato: (Damn, Miyako, but it's rare to see you act so shyly.)
*It was like her normal character and personality had met with disaster, and now she couldn't insert herself in our conversation.*
Ikurou: What gives? Why've you been so close lately?
Chika: It's no big deal. Why should you care?
Ikurou: Watch out, Yamato. She's super selfish.
Chika: How about you just shut up and go do whatever creepy things you do in the bathroom?!
Ikurou: I don't need your permission! That was my plan anyways!
Takuya: He doesn't even deny it.
Yamato: He seems kind of desperate.
Gakuto: The guy's sulkin' because he was the odd man out.
Takuya: A line's been drawn between the attractive guys and the unattractive guys.
Gakuto: I might graduate from the ranks of the Goblins any day now.
*The hint of hope had really made him full of himself.*
Chika: Men are so simple.
Yamato: They're just happy because it's their first time.
Chika: But Naocchi, you're not acting anywhere near as greedy as them.
Yamato: Being that blunt doesn't really seem right, you know?
*But part of being young was having times when you couldn't hold yourself back.*
Chika: They are just such children. I can't stand them.
*I'd have to be careful to make sure she never said that about me.*
Haguro: Yo, girlfriend, how's it goin'?
Chika: Wah! Where'd you come from?!
Haguro: You still after Kazama?
Chika: Oh, you're talking about boys.
Haguro: What else we gonna talk about? So, what's the scoop?
Chika: Well, he is hot.
Haguro: I wanna piece of Minamoto, and see him all fuck-faced!
Chika: If you want someone muscular, just go for Shimazu.
Haguro: Huh? I ain't doin' no gorilla. Heck, outta that gang, there ain't no fucktoy for me but Kazama.
Chika: I used to only be interested in Kazama too, but...
Haguro: Chikarin, what's with you? You, like, eat somethin' weird?
Chika: I've thought about this a lot, and I kind of feel like I don't really like Kazama.
Haguro: Love and hate don't mean shit. Whether you're a fit for each other's what counts. Specifically, whether or not his cock fits in that pussy, gahahah.
Chika: How about you think before you speak?
Haguro: Oh, shit, my bad, my bad.
Chika: I obviously can't throw away dreams completely.
Chika: And if I did get Kazama, I feel like I'd have to deal with everyone's jealousy.
Haguro: Chikarin, you care way too much about appearance. That's why you ain't got no BF.
Chika: Shut up. I am so willing to bet I've been asked out more times than you.
Haguro: The problem is, your relationships never last.
Chika: At least I've never broken up after only five seconds at a hotel.
Haguro: I, like, never imagined he got dick trouble. Like, ain't no way he was satisfyin' me.
Chika: Ugh... Every word out of your mouth is so exhausting.
Haguro: So, who's the guy?
Chika: Promise you won't tell.
Haguro: Who you think you talkin' to? Girlfriend, my lips tighter than steel.
Chika: There's so much I want to say to that, but then we'd never get anywhere, so...
Chika: The truth is, I've got my eye on Naoe Yamato.
Haguro: Oh, eh, I can get you likin' him.
Haguro: But it don't make no sense. I thought he ain't your type?
Chika: I thought so too, but we started talking and we totally hit it off.
Chika: It's like, normally I love a guy for his looks. But with him, it's what's on the inside.
Haguro: What's with you? That's so... normal.
Chika: ...Talking with Naocchi is just fun. I've never felt like that before.
Haguro: You, like, serious? Then just give him a quickie.
Chika: Whoa, that fast? Aren't you supposed to play hard to get?
Haguro: You sickenin' me, girl. That's the kinda shit girls who ain't had their cherry popped say.
Chika: Ugh.
Chika: H-Huh?! I mean, I just don't want to seem cheap.
Haguro: Don't get your panties in a twist. Like, there ain't no girl our age who ain't fucked. I ain't doubtin' you.
Chika: Yeah, o-of-of-of-of course not...
Mayo: Chika-chan still isn't back yet, huh.
Yamato: She left with Haguro-san...
Mayo: I always try to join their conversations, but they never let me.
*Their talks would probably be too shocking for her.*
Yamato: Come to think of it, there was something I wanted to ask you...
Mayo: Sure, what is it?
Yamato: I don't mean to be rude, but you and Chikarin seem so different.
Mayo: I suppose we do. Chika-chan's so cheerful and popular, while I'm like everyone's big sister.
Yamato: So I asked if something happened to bring you together, and she told me to ask you.
Mayo: Umm, it's somewhat awkward to talk about, but you know how I have circumstances to deal with at home.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me if you don't want to.
Mayo: No, no. Naoe-chan, now that Chika-chan's given you the proof of her friendship, I want you to know the best things about her.
Mayo: So then, let's start at the beginning.
Mayo: This took place many years ago.
Mayo: I was hiding from everyone and eating lunch by myself.
*Then one day, a classmate passed by and saw the contents of her lunch.*
Mayo: I was certain she'd think my food would show how poor I was.
Mayo: I mean, there was even some grass in it.
Mayo: Though I promise you the grass was edible.
*From what I could tell, someone must have responded to the unfamiliar grass by saying 'Whoa, this girl eats weeds.'*
Mayo: It wasn't the kind of thing a person could easily understand.
Yamato: Some people are like that, talking about things they know nothing about.
*...There must have been bullying in her past.*
Mayo: People can be such children.
*Though thankfully, she seemed to have moved past it.*
Mayo: At the time, Chika-chan happened to be watching, and she was very upset at everyone.
Yamato: ......
*Which made me remember my own past.*
Yamato: So that's what happened. But was that really enough to make everyone else stop?
*I knew full well how hard it was to truly rescue someone from bullying.*
Mayo: Then she said she'd try some of my lunch.
Yamato: So she ate it?
Mayo: And she said it was delicious!
*She said, and happily raised her arm.*
Mayo: My family had said that to me before, but this was the first time anyone else had complimented my food.
Yamato: That was kind of her.
*It was a side of her she usually kept hidden.*
Mayo: Chika-chan always went to the cafeteria or school store for lunch, so I decided I would make lunch for her.
Yamato: And you're still doing that to this day.
Mayo: That's right.
*It'd be strange if she just stopped now.*
Mayo: She's always be apologetic about it, and insisted on helping me out with my side job.
Yamato: She makes Japanese sweets, so she must be skilled with her fingers.
Mayo: And we study together before exams.
Yamato: Semester exams start the second Monday of July, right?
*Despite her appearances, Class Rep had the brains to be in our school's top ten.*
Mayo: I study regularly, but I hit the books extra hard before exams.
Yamato: Oh yeah. You let her copy your homework, right?
Mayo: Well, not nearly as often as I do Wanko-chan. You have to do your homework yourself, or you won't learn anything!
Yamato: Yeah, I'm sorry about our Wanko.
*I was embarrassed for her.*
Chris: ...This feels so weird.
Momoyo: You said it.
Momoyo: Where men make merry, evil lurks.
Shouichi: Sorry to keep y'all waiting.
Yukie: W-Welcome back.
Shouichi: Hey, I brought some grub.
Kazuko: It's finally here!
*Capt had brought us some leftovers.*
Gakuto: Hm, oh, go ahead without me. (He was playin' with his phone.)
Takuya: Same here. (He was also on his phone.)
Shouichi: You guys are really going at it. Don't you ever get sick and tired of it?
Takuya: Capt, you have to take girls seriously.
Shouichi: Really?
Momoyo: Wow, wow, look at Mororo go.
Yamato: You're like housewives who've just learned you can use your phones to text... Oh, it's from Chikarin. *Beep!*
Shouichi: You seem a lot like them too, Yamato.
Miyako: On the agenda for today is the use of phones at our secret base.
Yamato: This is normal for me. I'm always messing around on my phone.
Gakuto: Hey, Miyako, don't drag us down just because Yamato won't give you the time of day! Gweheheh.
Miyako: ...There you go again, dancing to a girl's tune.
Kazuko: Guys, I don't wanna wait any longer. I wanna eat!
Momoyo: What's wrong with that? Dig in.
Yamato: Guys, the pretty ladies in our Family don't want us playing around with other girls.
Momoyo: Shut your trap, Yamato.
Chris: Do not deign to speak for us.
Gakuto: Sorry, I got so engrossed. But such is the fate of the man all the ladies want.
Takuya: I'll finish texting in a second.
Miyako: What a condescending attitude.
Miyako: ...I think I can see how things end for these two.
Matsukaze: I don't know why, but I figure it's gonna be one heck of an endin'.
Yukie: Matsukaze, there are some things better left unsaid.
Momoyo: We can hope it won't scar their hearts, but...
Momoyo: I'm also hoping it'll be hilarious.
Chris: I cannot help but notice you are assuming they will not last.
Momoyo: Stranger things have happened.
*In the classroom.*
Chika: I wanted to hang out on Sunday, but I have to go help out at the store.
Yamato: You're really diligent, even working on the weekends.
Miyako: (I can butt in when two people from our family are talking, but if I jump in now then they'll think I can't take a hint.)
*Miyako kept looking our way while reading her book.*
Chika: I want to play, but like, the store's important too, you know?
Chika: Like... I'm the cute girl who draws in the customers, right?
Haguro: Chikarin, the idea of you being a highlight is hi-larious.
Chika: As if anyone would go anywhere near a store that featured you!
Yamato: It's good to have something you can be proud of.
Chika: Right? When it comes to this, like, I am so not letting some candy store in the Italian shopping district beat us.
Mitsuru: Yep. I can guarantee yours is the best.
*But with all that, she had to be exhausting herself.*
Kazuko: Wah! Where'd I put my bloomers?
Chris: Can you not even manage your own belongings, Dog?
Kazuko: Hey, help me look for them.
Miyako: ...Here we go again.
*The three of them left the classroom.*
Yamato: So then, should we go somewhere during our next break?
Chika: Oh my gosh, yes. Tests are coming up, so I totally have to blow off some steam first.
Yamato: That means we'd be going right after the sports festival...
Chika: It'll be fine. Like, we're young. I feel like, if we're not having fun, there's something wrong with us.
Yamato: Yeah, it'd be insane to spend our long-awaited break sleeping at home.
*I couldn't wait until then.*
Gakuto: I'm going on a date during our next break. We're goin' to go to the gym I frequent to break a sweat together.
Takuya: I have a date too. We're even planning to play stuff other than fighting games.
Ikurou: Then you guys have temporarily lost the right to come to the Banquet.
Gakuto: Fine by me!
Ikurou: Next time, there's going to be a treasure trove of brand-new photos from this weekend's sports festival!
Takuya: I mean, I only went as Gakuto's chaperone.
Ikurou: Heh. You happy bastards. Get out of my sight!
*While I watched the two guys, who had changed so much since getting girlfriends...*
Suguru: My brothers-in-arms have grown thoroughly depraved. And yet...
Ikurou: ...I understand, now, just what sort of creatures women are.
Suguru: Indeed. They are yet to even kiss. Keenly they wait, anticipating the act, believing it imminent.
Suguru: Yet you all must know that day will never come.
Ikurou: I still believe. Yeah, I believe that those two are gonna return someday to our Banquet.
*...The unpopular boys were snickering from the shadows.*
Yamato: I wonder if now's good...
*She wasn't the type of girl a guy could leave waiting, but wasn't the type to ever be early either.*
Miyako: Huh? Did Yamato just leave? Where is he off to? He's at an age where you have to be worried about him.
Yukie: Umm, Miyako-san?
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you've got this. Let the strength of your youth carry you to victory!
Miyako: Hm? What is it?
Yukie: If you're free, I was wondering if you would be willing to help me search for summer clothes?
Miyako: Huh? Now, when summer's almost half over?
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi doesn't know too many stores 'round here, so she still hasn't bought anything.
Yukie: I don't have any friends in my class to show me, and I could never find the right time to ask...
Miyako: Okay. Why don't we ask Chris to join us, too?
Yukie: Thank you so much!
Miyako: I guess it's good that she was able to ask by herself. Oh... But I'm still worried about Yamato.
*Now that the sports festival has ended, the next big event was the end-of-semester exams.*
*Well, there was no need to panic.*
Chika: The Italian district is so chic, you know?
*So I'd come here with Chikarin to have fun.*
Yamato: Aren't you tired?
Chika: I'm fine, really. It's not like I went all-out or anything.
Yamato: We were up against Nee-san... err, Momo-senpai's class. There's no way we were going to win.
Chika: I so don't get why that little monkey kept running around with that camera of his. Maybe it's his fault we lost.
Yamato: This time, everyone was unmotivated. Yonpachi was maybe the one exception, if for the wrong reason.
Chika: Because of those guys in 2-S, right? Being stuck with them totally ruined everything.
*Everyone had tried their best, especially Capt, but... Yeah.*
Yamato: But Chikarin, I never knew you were such a quick runner.
Chika: I know, right? I'd say I'm pretty fast, not that I plan on joining the track team or anything.
Yamato: You do have the family business and all.
Chika: And isn't that seniority stuff just so annoying? I hate it.
Yamato: The upperclassmen were hazed by their seniors, so they haze their juniors right back.
*It was an endless, pointless cycle of cruelty.*
Chika: And that's not all. Like, if I had club activities, I wouldn't be able to do anything during breaks.
Yamato: That's the same reason I'm not in any clubs either.
*Although it would be best for my permanent record to join a club.*
Chika: Just get a recommendation for some easy-looking school. Then you can spend another four years playing around.
Yamato: Ha ha. Well, yeah.
Chika: Heck, isn't everyone kind of like that? And it lets you meet people.
Yamato: Meeting people, huh. Do you have anyone?
Chika: If I did, I wouldn't go through all this trouble. A new boyfriend would so be nice right about now.
Yamato: So you're saying you're available?
*Thanks to rumors, I already knew the answer.*
Chika: Naocchi, what are things between you and Shiinacchi?
Yamato: She's my dear friend.
Chika: Huh? You're not going out?
Yamato: I get that a lot, but no.
Chika: I see. Ahaha... Okay.
*Summer was drawing near, yet that was how we were.*
Chika: Ugh... Summers are totally lonely when you don't have a lover.
Yamato: You said it.
*While all around us, people were falling in love.*
Chika: But when you think about it, you know?
Yamato: Know what?
Chika: Everyone totally has to think we're going out when they see us walking together.
Yamato: I could see that happening.
Chika: Like, we're a girl and a boy out taking a walk together on the weekend. I'd totally think the same thing.
*Wait, could this mean that she...?*
Yamato: (No, wait!)
*Better to wait and watch a bit longer.*
Chika: I mean, look. Even if I do this...
*She wrapped her arm around mine.*
Chika: ...No one even pays us a second glance.
Yamato: No, it's more like...
*Like they were all avoiding our gaze.*
*Their looks seemed to say, if you already have a guy, then whatever.*
Chika: Do you think we look that natural?
*She was being bolder than I'd expected, even clinging to me -- though not as tightly as Miyako.*
Yamato: If you do that, they really will think we're going out.
*It was plain as day how she felt, but I decided to play it safe.*
Chika: So what? We're acting like it anyways.
Yamato: And you're okay with that?
*I played into the stereotype of the Japanese guy who lets himself get dragged along.*
Chika: Like, neither of us is going out with anyone anyways.
*She leaned her head against my shoulder.*
*Strands of her hair wafted in front of my eyes. I could tell how much time she'd put into styling it.*
Chika: (Argh. I have to give him one more push?)
Yamato: (Mmm, she really is going on the attack.)
*Now was my only chance to put my heart in order.*
*How did I feel about Chikarin?*
Yamato: (Do I like her?)
*I didn't love her from the bottom of my heart, but...*
*I didn't mind the idea.*
*And if we did go out, I wouldn't have to worry about a bad breakup impacting the Kazama Family.*
Chika: So like...
Yamato: What?
*She looked into my eyes.*
*Hers were so large and beautiful.*
*If I got cold feet now, they'd all call me a love chicken.*
Chika: Hanging out with you lately has been a lot of fun, Naocchi.
Yamato: I never thought we'd get along so well either.
Chika: The more I think about it, like, maybe the right guy's been in front of me the whole time.
Yamato: I thought the same thing.
Chika: ...Since we're already acting like it's true, maybe we should--
Yamato: Start going out for real?
*It was a little awkward, but we hugged.*
Chika: Go ahead. Do it.
*Her lips closed towards mine.*
Chika: Mm...
*Ogasawara Chika, the girl who'd topped the rankings...*
*...was looking up at me, waiting for my kiss.*
Yamato: Mm.
*While making sure that none around me could see, I softly kissed her.*
Yamato: It's our first time, so let's go with that.
Chika: ...Yeah. I guess that's how the first time should be.
*As tempting as her allure was, now wasn't the time.*
*And that was how we started going out.*
*Two weeks remained until semester exams.*
Kazuko: And now it's back to the good old days where I copy out of Yamato and Miyako's notebooks.
Yamato: There's absolutely no point in doing that. Didn't Class Rep already yell at you about it?
Kazuko: But you know, even if I try to study, I think it's too late for that.
Miyako: Don't worry, Wanko. You can stay just as you are.
Kazuko: Right? I'm going to work hard at martial arts.
Miyako: --Is something I would never say!
Kazuko: Wahh! Why do your words feel like a knife to my chest?!
Miyako: We're going to spend the hours before the special gathering before finals beating the fundamentals into you.
Kazuko: F-Fine, I'll do it. Just stop staring.
*We were quick to come to her rescue in emergencies, like when she forgot to do her homework, but otherwise we made her study.*
Yamato: This is for your own good. Good luck, Wanko.
*I watched Miyako drag her away.*
Chika: Morning, Yamato-kun.
Miyako: ...?!
Yamato: Morning, Chika.
Miyako: What... did you say?
Chika: Oh my gosh, I can't believe you meet up with me. We've only just started going out too.
Yamato: Oh, sorry.
Chika: Just be careful from now on. I want to be with you as much as I can.
Kazuko: That's too hard of a question to start with. Skip.
Miyako: You can't afford to skip this one!
Kazuko: I-I'll try to think a little harder!
Miyako: Yes. You've clearly made some mistake.
Suguru: Is being a dumb blondie a disease that spreads through their ranks? I pray the male gender's immunity never fades.
Ikurou: This can't be happening. Yamato, you're going to regret this.
Chika: Yamato-kun, don't worry about them. They're just jealous because no girl can stand them.
Yamato: I don't really care what they say. They won't change how I feel.
Chika: Good. And of course, neither will I.
Haguro: Don't fuckin' flirt in the classroom. Like, my eyes are gonna rot.
Chika: I'm sorry that some of us can actually keep a boyfriend for a whole day.
Haguro: Hey, he didn't dump me -- I dumped him! Like, he looked hot, but a mother-lover?
Chris: I do think this would be a good opportunity for Yamato to abandon his deceptive ways, but...
Chris: ...I cannot find the energy to yell at him. Hmm.
*What happened between me and Chika had been a complete secret so, naturally, now the whole class knew.*
Mitsuru: Wow, you have my congratulations. I know some great places you can go for food.
Shouichi: You gotta tell me these things, man!
Takuya: What's the big deal? Who cares who he's going out with?
Shouichi: He's always come to me when something happens. He'll show up looking super-serious and say that he has a problem with his d--
Yamato: Silence is golden... isn't that right, Capt?
Shouichi: You're still touchy about it?
*Who would want such an embarrassing part of his past to be exposed in front of his girlfriend?*
Gakuto: I also had eyes on Chikarin, but I suppose I'll yield to you.
Takuya: That's awfully generous for you.
Gakuto: Chikarin is a fine girl, but I find women to be better with age. And somethin' about my current girl feels special.
Takuya: Really? To be honest, I'm in the same place.
Gakuto: We're plannin' to spend our next break in the mountains. We will have a time out of this world.
Takuya: I'm doing something similar. It's nice sometimes, going outside.
*We got everyone's blessings... Well. Almost everyone's.*
Miyako: I'm fine. I'm still fine. There's plenty of time...
Kazuko: I finished the whole thing, but I didn't understand any of the questions.
Miyako: THEN YOU SCREWED UP!
Kazuko: Wah! You don't have to yell at me!
Miyako: (But still... I need to think about this calmly.)
Miyako: (There's no way those two will work out. I don't have to worry. Right?)
Miyako: (She'll use him and abuse him, and when she finally leaves him by the wayside...! Heh heh. Maybe this is my big chance.)
Miyako: (I just have to wait quietly for that time to come. Nice and quiet.)
*...............*
Yamato: Wow, I'm really glad Miyako's okay with it.
Takuya: Which seems like a bad omen, doesn't it?
Yamato: If she can get along with Chika, that's all I ask.
Takuya: That seems impossible. I can't see them being on the same wavelength.
Yamato: Even so, I'm sure she'll understand someday.
Gakuto: We can just hope she doesn't make things miserable for everyone.
Takuya: Especially since Capt feels like he's going to be a cold blanket.
Yamato: With him, we can just take it easy and keep an eye out, you know?
Gakuto: Our next dates shall be critical junctures. I will make mine count!
Takuya: If we do, we'll be the same as you, Yamato.
Gakuto: Heh. We will finally be able to have manly conversations.
Yamato: Good luck, everyone.
Yamato: Now begin our romances.
Gakuto: Yeah!
Takuya: Yep!
*I couldn't think of anything that could really go wrong.*
*During gym class.*
Lu: So then, ten light laps within the school!
*That wasn't light at all.*
Ikurou: There's no way we can run that much!
Lu: Are you saying you can't run?
Ikurou: Running outside is one thing, but inside? That's cruel!
Lu: Is your run doomed to failure, Fukumoto? You shouldn't say that without even trying.
Suguru: You need but possess the leg strength to play rhythm games.
Lu: I care not how long it takes. You will give me twenty laps!
*Our teacher was also a Kawakami Temple assistant master, so buttering up to him was a waste of time.*
Gakuto: You guys are idiots. Well, ten laps is a cinch for a guy as nice as I.
Lu: Well said, Shimazu. I will give you the special privilege of running thirty laps!
Gakuto: Gah, dammit.
*A few foolish words could spell defeat. We had to be careful.*
Takuya: The girls are swimming, aren't they?
Yamato: If we run, maybe we can watch them.
Chris: I sense from somewhere a most wretched of gazes.
Haguro: Shit! I forgot to shave.
Chika: Don't show me that. It's disgusting! Ugh...
*Oh, there she was.*
Yamato: ... (Good luck!)
*I waved to her as I ran.*
Chika: Mm.  (Same to you!)
*She snuck a glance at me and winked.*
*That effortlessly given response made me so happy.*
Haguro: Chikarin, what you smilin' for? You disgust me, girl.
Chika: Not half so much as your hairy legs disgust me!
Mayo: Shiina-chan, why are you contorting yourself? Is something wrong?
Miyako: ...I can't believe it. He ignored me?
Chris: I thought I felt an unpleasant gaze, but it was only Yamato. (Yet the feeling still persists?)
Kazuko: Forget about that. Let's have a 50-meter race, Kuri!
Chris: Very well. I doubt I will lose to your doggy paddle.
Kazuko: That's not how I swim!
*...............*
Chika: Didn't you guys have it pretty rough?
Yamato: Yeah. Three guys are still running.
Chika: Personally, not having the creeps around is a real breath of fresh air.
*They were being forced to spend part of their lunch break running.*
Yamato: I was glad to see you answer me.
Chika: Hm... Honestly, I wanted to wave at you too, but...
Yamato: But you were in class.
Chika: It must be awful, being forced to run while we swim.
Yamato: It seems they really want to make us sweat before summer.
Chika: So, like, you still haven't swam this year.
Yamato: And we didn't have an aquatic sports festival this year either.
Chika: And today marks the start of July.
Yamato: Yeah, the time of year when you want to start checking out the beaches.
Chika: Then we so have to spend our next break at the beach.
Yamato: Sounds good.
*An invitation to our first date since we'd started going out.*
Ikurou: Huff, huff. Th-The sea? With swimsuits?!
*Yonpachi was back.*
Chika: Do you have to be back already? Why couldn't you just keep running forever?
Ikurou: Do you expect me to hear the word swimsuit and say nothing?!
Takuya: But I'm pretty sure nobody even said the word 'swimsuit'...
Ikurou: Whenever anybody starts talking about the beach my, brain translates that into images of swimsuits!
Takuya: Sounds like your brain's dictionary has a misprint.
*Still, I was looking forward to seeing what sort of swimsuit she'd wear.*
*...............*
*My cellphone vibrated.*
Momoyo: I can feel your phone vibrating. Was that a text?
Yamato: I can read it later.
Shouichi: It's summer, so it's about time to hit the beach.
Kazuko: I don't wanna wait to go this year either!
Chris: Come to think of it, I have never swum in the ocean before .
Takuya: Doesn't Lubeck face the Baltic Sea?
Shouichi: Everyone's always talking up a storm about those sunken ships in the Baltic. Someday, I gotta go on a salvage run!
*Ocean water was ocean water, but...*
Yamato: Between the cold air and the frigid water, there's not much time out of the year you can swim, is there?
Momoyo: Sure, but there's gotta be a few months you can swim.
Chris: My father told me I was absolutely not to go, you see.
Takuya: That sounds like him.
*Well, at the beach, she would be inundated with stares.*
Gakuto: What a waste. What a horrible waste!
Chris: When I wanted to swim, I would rent out a pool and swim with Mar-san at my side.
Miyako: Your stories can be really aggravating sometimes.
Chris: Hm? Did I say something strange?
*She truly was spoiled rotten.*
Momoyo: I still haven't gotten to see Kuri or Mayu-Mayu in a swimsuit...
Yukie: O-Oh no, mine isn't anything worth looking at or...
Miyako: Besides, you've gotten to see them in school swimsuits.
Momoyo: The view from the rooftop was sublime, yeah.
*When Momoyo got bored, she tended to just skip class.*
Miyako: But the ocean does sound nice.
Takuya: That's strange. You never volunteer to go out.
Gakuto: She must be panickin' because Yamato was taken from her.
Miyako: Heh heh. Not a chance. Yamato will return.
Yamato: It's hard to return to something that never was.
Miyako: You know, this year, I've chosen an especially skimpy swimsuit.
Gakuto: This is pitiful. Just watchin' you is painful.
Miyako: What gives? Gakuto, the idea of you pitying me is ridiculous.
Gakuto: And yet tomorrow, I am the one goin' on a date.
Takuya: Going out two days in a row is rough, huh.
Shouichi: You guys are never gonna be around. You've gotta leave your summers open!
Yamato: Oh yeah. Capt, do you have enough money to go on a trip during summer break?
Shouichi: I gotta earn some more before break. Maybe I'll go pick up some more Saturday jobs.
Yamato: I'm glad I've already got money saved up.
Shouichi: Yeah. Think I'll find something short-term?
*My savings meant I'd have more time on Saturdays and Sundays.*
*The Kazama Family was important, but I had to treasure my girlfriend too.*
Yamato: I knew it was from Chika.
*Once we were dismissed, I headed outside and checked my phone to see she'd called me ten times.*
Yamato: And she texted me too.
*There were few words in the text, but the emoji made it perfectly clear how angry she was.*
Chika: Hey, why didn't you answer me?!
Yamato: Sorry, I was busy.
Chika: You could at least respond to my text. I wanted to confirm something for tomorrow.
Yamato: I'll try to be more careful.
Chika: Like, am I supposed to believe that?
*She went on to lecture me for a full hour.*
Yukie: You're early today.
Matsukaze: But my girl Mayucchi always wakes up early enough that there ain't no catchin' her off guard.
Yamato: Thanks.
Yukie: No, no, this is just what I do.
*I ate a full breakfast, filling me with energy.*
*It was the ideal day for a swim at the beach.*
*I'd arranged to borrow what things we'd need once we were there.*
*And I arrived ten minutes early.*
Yamato: She's not here...
*I tried calling her.*
Yamato: And she's not picking up.
*But I didn't get the standard message for when a phone didn't have a signal...*
Chika: It's another beautiful day out. So, let's go.
*Chika finally arrived thirty minutes later.*
Yamato: I called you. You could've picked up the phone.
Chika: Oh, sorry. I like, had my phone on silent, so I didn't notice.
Yamato: Well, I guess no one wants to deal with their phone going off during class.
*But she could've at least told me she was running late.*
*...Oh. Was this how she felt yesterday?*
Yamato: (I get it. I'll have to be careful in the future.)
Chika: Then let's buy our tickets...
Yamato: Wait. I have money on this card.
*I handed her an IC card.*
Chika: Well, aren't you thoughtful. Just as my boyfriend should be.
Yamato: What sort of guy wouldn't do that for his girl?
*My heart was already at the beach.*
Yamato: That's a ton of energy down there.
*The beachfront was crowded with people.*
*We picked a place free of garbage and secured our spot.*
Chika: Then I'll go change at the beach house.
Yamato: I'll set up the parasol and stuff.
*I figured I'd finish before Chika was done changing.*
*I found a large rock to hold down the sheet and positioned the parasol to give us shade.*
Yamato: There we go.
*Even I could do this much quickly enough.*
Chika: Wow, that was fast. You've already prepared everything.
Yamato: Yeah, I just fini...
Chika: Heheh. What do you think?
Yamato: Whoa...
*What a swimsuit!*
Yamato: Isn't that a little too risque?
Chika: Uh, that is not remotely what you're supposed to tell your girlfriend.
Chika: Aren't you happy to see me in this?
Yamato: Of course I am. To be honest, my heart's racing.
Chika: Yes, yes. Like, that's supposed to be the first thing out of your mouth here.
*Her mood recovered quickly.*
Yamato: But, I really am worried.
Chika: This is nothing. Besides, I know I can pull it off-- Ah!
Yamato: Look out!
*The strap of her top nearly came loose.*
Chika: Safe! Or were you hoping for a little peek?
Yamato: Ahh, was that on purpose?
Chika: But you're so cute when you're flustered.
Yamato: You're going to give me a heart attack.
*Just the slightest movement of a strap was enough to scare me.*
Chika: Stop worrying, really. Like, I tied it up tight. And I know you'll come to the rescue if anything happens.
Yamato: I mean yeah, of course, but...
*I took another look at Chika's body.*
*She had such a good figure. I was proud to have her as a girlfriend.*
Yamato: Then let's go swim.
Chika: As if. You so don't understand anything. First comes sunscreen.
Yamato: Oh, you haven't put any on?
Chika: No. So if you wouldn't mind?
*She sat on the bed and then laid face-down.*
*Th-Things were moving so fast...*
Yamato: Then, if you don't mind...
*I covered my hand in the sunscreen and touched her back.*
Chika: Mn, your hand is so nice and cold.
Yamato: Like this?
Chika: Yamato-kun, are you trying to feel me up?
Yamato: Oh, sorry.
Chika: Fooled you. I don't really care either way.
*So she really was just teasing me.*
Chika: Mm, having a boyfriend really is convenient.
Yamato: Mm?
*Was that something I should be angry about?*
Yamato: (Well, I mean, it's kind of cute, so long as she doesn't push it.)
*Nee-san had done way worse than that to me.*
Chika: Next, do over here.
Yamato: Yes, yes.
*I spread the oil over every inch of her.*
Yamato: So, let's get going already.
Chika: There's, like, no need to rush. Summer's not going anywhere. And this feels way better than swimming anyways.
*Other men were sneaking glances at Chika.*
Chika: Heheheh. What idiots, huh? Especially when they can see my boyfriend right next to me.
Yamato: At least you're enjoying this. I'm...
Chika: Oh my gosh, you're jealous?
*This must have been how Chris's father felt.*
Yamato: Look, let's just go already.
Chika: Oh, fine. You're such a child.
*Now she was treating me like a little kid.*
Chika: Well, let's swim for thirty minutes now, and then you'll re-apply the sunscreen.
Yamato: Huh? Again?
Chika: If we swim, it'll all wash off. And I would look so awful if I peel.
Yamato: You really pay attention to that, huh.
Chika: What sort of girl doesn't? And like, I totally want to always be the best I can be.
Chika: And this is for you too, Yamato-kun. Like, I know you want to be able to brag about how hot your girlfriend is.
Yamato: But I'm not going out with you so I can brag about you...
Chika: I want to brag about you, Yamato-kun. So you have to care about this stuff too, got it?
Yamato: I do try to...
*After all, it was necessary for building friendships and relationships.*
Chika: Casual streetwear looks pretty good on you, and I guess it's not bad.
Yamato: I tried a lot of looks, but that's the one that really felt right.
Chika: But it's kind of weak.
*Weak?*
Yamato: Then what is good?
Chika: Akiba-style is just no, and I can't stand hip-hop and visual-styles either, so don't go for anything disgusting or gaudy.
Yamato: I wasn't planning on that, but I'll be careful.
Chika: Now, what style would fit you... Maybe a brotherly style? It's best for your casual clothes and evening wear to be in sync.
*She was using a lot of jargon.*
Chika: Oh, was that too difficult for you?
Yamato: I'm not stupid. I could understand that much.
Chika: Don't get all prickly on me. I'll teach you.
*Going out had its annoyances, but I really did enjoy being with her.*
*As I headed towards the living room, I caught a whiff of the pleasant smell of miso soup.*
Yukie: That's quite a bad sunburn you have there, Yamato-san.
Yamato: Well, I did spend all of yesterday under the sun.
*She'd said boys need a tan to look good. That I needed a wild side.*
Yamato: Mayucchi, do I look wilder now?
Yukie: Huh...? Wh-What do I think? W-Well, umm...
Matsukaze: Hey, hey! You think a little sun's gonna somehow make you a bad boy?!
Yamato: No, of course not.
*It didn't even serve as a stopgap.*
Shouichi: Oh, looks like food's ready.
Yamato: Capt, how do you think I can become wild?
Shouichi: So what I'm hearing here is, you wanna go back to nature? Then you gotta go to a deserted island! I'll come with!
Yamato: That would literally make me wilder.
Shouichi: Sounds good to me. Fun, too! Who doesn't want to go out and live that kinda life?
Yamato: I don't.
*Asking Capt had been a mistake.*
Shouichi: Where'd that come from anyways?
Yamato: Chika said I should.
Shouichi: What's she got to do with anything? You're you.
Yamato: I mean, you're right, but...
Shouichi: Don't worry about it. Man, girls really are too much work.
*...I guess I'd have to talk this stuff over with them instead.*
Gakuto: ...Ugh.
Takuya: ...Had enough, too?
*They looked dead to the world.*
Yamato: Didn't you go on a date today?
Gakuto: Even a guy as tough as I has his limits.
Takuya: No, no, that was just no.
*Why did it feel like they'd given up?*
Yamato: Things didn't go well for you two?
Gakuto: Yeah. I thought things were goin' okay through yesterday.
Takuya: That was probably what she's really like.
Yamato: Something happened?
*Then, like a dam breaking, their frustrations flooded out.*
Takuya: We went to the amusement park together, but we only went on one thrill ride after another.
Yamato: But you hate those.
Takuya: I kept telling her that, but she wouldn't take no for an answer...
*She'd manipulated him.*
Gakuto: That's not that big of a deal.
Takuya: It was torture! Once I couldn't stand anymore, she started carrying me.
Yamato: So, she embarrassed you?
Takuya: I started falling in and out of consciousness as it just kept going...
Yamato: Sounds hard.
Gakuto: At least she cared about you!
Yamato: Then what happened to you, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Well, she said to look forward to a trip outdoors, so I thought we'd go to the mountains, but we went to the Sea of Trees instead.
Yamato: Holy shit.
Gakuto: She said a mountain wasn't enough to satisfy her, or somethin'. But that didn't really bother me then.
*He'd been okay with that?!*
Gakuto: But then! The next thing I knew, Ami-san was gone.
Takuya: Don't tell me she stranded you there?
Gakuto: I too panicked and searched for her.
Yamato: Well, at least you got out of there okay.
Gakuto: Yeah. Once the road was gone, the scenery looked the same wherever I looked.
Takuya: Then you were definitely abandoned!
Yamato: Even in the Sea of Trees, your phone should still work. You could've called for a search party.
*But the searchers would demand a hefty fee.*
Gakuto: Then I received a text from Ami-san. It said 'Try to survive'.
Takuya: That takes neglectful sex play to a whole new level.
Gakuto: That's way too sadistic. I'm out!
Yamato: So then, how did you make it out of the forest?
Gakuto: I kept runnin' straight forwards, and I came out on the far side. Thanks to which, I had to pay a fortune in train tickets.
Yamato: Good job getting out, even though you had no sense of direction.
*Relative to that, my own problems seemed trifling.*
Takuya: You should be careful too, Yamato.
Gakuto: Girls hide who they really are.
Takuya: They might look pretty, but they're terrifying on the inside. Nightmarish, even.
Gakuto: I, Gakuto, resolve to henceforth always consider a girl's personality.
Momoyo: Oooh, what an interesting conversation you're having.
*I suddenly felt an aura of hostility.*
Miyako: Heh heh heh. You think you're enlightened?
Chris: Those were faithless utterances, you fiends!
*The girls surrounded the two of them.*
Yamato: Huh? What's wrong, everyone?
Momoyo: I just tagged along because I didn't have anything better to do.
Gakuto: Worst. Timing. Ever.
Kazuko: I don't really get what's going on, but I do know you two are being jerks!
Momoyo: Yeah, they're jerks all right. I'll have to purify their hearts.
Chris: That would be wonderful. Exactly how will you do that?
Momoyo: Fists fueled by the teachings of the Kawakami Temple will purge the evil from them.
Kazuko: Then that means we're up to bat, Onee-sama!
Gakuto: You just want to hit us!
Takuya: None of your logic made any sense!
Chris: I shall assist as well.
Miyako: Suffer a maiden's rage!
Yukie: Awawa! What should I do, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Well, if you butt in now, they'll just say that you're in the way. Channel your inner Buddha, smile, and watch from here.
Yukie: O-Okay... Like this?
Takuya: S-Stop!
Gakuto: Dammit all. Girls really are scary!
*The two jerks suffered the girls' barrage.*
Yamato: Whew, that was close.
Momoyo: I hope you weren't thinking the same thing, were you?
Yamato: Not in the slightest.
Momoyo: Heh heh. You're lucky I can't read minds.
*Like hell anybody could read my inner monologue.*
*At least now I knew not to talk about these things anywhere where the girls might show up.*
*...............*
*Meanwhile, how were their dates doing?*
Tatsuko: Huh? Didn't you two go on dates today?
Angel: Oh, you mean Takuya? I'm fuckin' bored of him.
Angel: He's got smarts, but he's too nice. He ain't no real man.
Tatsuko: You too, Ami?
Ami: He only caught my attention as new potential livestock.
Tatsuko: Awww. It always ends like this, but usually not so fast.
Angel: He didn't even try to look me in the eye.
Ami: He wasn't particularly masochistic. Not the match I'm looking for.
Tatsuko: You're really harsh, huh.
Angel: Tatsu here still ain't got nobody.
Tatsuko: I don't care. Sleeping is way better anyway.
Ami: That's just like you. But I thought he was your type.
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun was pretty cute, yeah...
Tatsuko: But it's so much work. I don't get why girls spend so much time on their hair and everything just for a guy.
Ami: For a guy? No, it's all for you.
Angel: Let's go find someone fuckin' new already.
Ami: Yes, we should. Maybe there's a pig out there with a beautiful squeal.
Angel: I just want someone who's a good fuck.
Tatsuko: Aww, you two can be so scary.
Ami: We're hearing that from you? Well, whatever.
*It was as if both relationships had been a lie.*
*When I checked my phone, I saw I had missed another call.*
Yamato: Oh, you called me again?
Chika: So I seem to recall someone promising to actually be careful?
Yamato: Ugh, I'm sorry.
Chika: Answer the phone the moment I call you. Respond to my texts immediately. Like, what sort of boyfriend are you?
Yamato: I said I'm sorry.
Chika: If you're free, take me out somewhere. I still haven't eaten.
Yamato: How about the usual place?
Chika: No point in trying to go super far this late, so sure, why not?
*No sooner had she given her answer than she hung up.*
Yamato: I guess I'd better get going.
*...............*
*The two of us stared down at the river, which was aglow in the light of the setting sun.*
Chika: The scenery here is really nice, huh.
Yamato: Yeah, it is.
*I'd somehow managed to cheer her up at the family restaurant.*
Chika: *stretch*
*She leaned closer to me.*
Yamato: Hm?
*Uncertain, I tried putting an arm around her shoulder.*
Chika: Oh, one sec.
Yamato: Huh?
*She took a piece of gum out of her bag and started chewing on it.*
Chika: *om nom nom* Peh. Thanks for waiting.
*She'd chewed it right in front of me... Was she losing her cool?*
Yamato: Oh, no problem.
*Slowly, our faces inched together.*
Chika: Mm... *kiss* mmm.
Yamato: *kiss*
*It was a deep kiss, our tongues folding around each other.*
*Hers felt soft, with a hint of a minty fragrance.*
*...............*
*After seeing Chika home, I returned to my room.*
Yamato: I guess there's no such thing as *just* a kiss for a girl.
*It wasn't like bad breath would bother me.*
Yamato: Come to think of it, I still hadn't called him.
Shimokitazawa: *yawn* ...Oh, if it isn't Yamato-chan?
Yamato: You sound sleepy.
Shimokitazawa: I'm in bed right now. My bitch's sleeping right by my side.
*Some people never change.*
Shimokitazawa: I've been adding more babes, and man, it's getting a little hard to keep 'em all in the dark.
Yamato: Hey, hey, should you really be saying that out loud?
Shimokitazawa: Oh, I've taught this one who's boss, so it's no big deal.
Yamato: Of course you have.
Shimokitazawa: So, since you've called me, that must mean...
Yamato: Yeah. I've got a girlfriend.
Shimokitazawa: Nice! Go get 'er! What's the bitch like?
Yamato: She's cute, and super sexy. She's the most popular girl at school.
Shimokitazawa: Dude, I'm jealous. Tell me you've already enjoyed the main course.
Yamato: Nah, we've only kissed.
Shimokitazawa: Hurry up and throw away your V-card! You're an embarrassment for mankind.
Yamato: I'll figure out the right timing for that. More importantly, help me out here.
Shimokitazawa: Okay. You can ask me anything about how to treat them bitches.
Yamato: So right now, our relationship feels like...
*I explained in detail what had recently happened.*
Shimokitazawa: Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!
Yamato: Oh, it's that bad?
Shimokitazawa: Bitch like that, she gets sick and you're seriously fucked. Be careful.
*I thought it would be something like that.*
Yamato: Is there anything concrete I can do to stop it?
Shimokitazawa: Based on what you've told me, I figure you ain't broken her in right.
Yamato: Wait, 'break her in'...?
Shimokitazawa: You can't let a bitch drag you into her schemes. Master's gotta teach his pets how to act, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yamato: That seems a little extreme...
Shimokitazawa: You're awake...? It's a guy. What, you jealous?
*I cut off the call.*
Yamato: No, we simply live in completely different worlds.
*I'd have to do the best I could, in my own way.*
*A few struggles was worth the joy that had filled my heart when we kissed.*
Haguro: Chikarin, you losin' more weight?
Chika: Well, yeah. Like, I am on an apple diet.
Haguro: But like, girlfriend, no matter how many I eat, my stomach keeps expandin'.
Chika: You're eating too much again?!
Takuya: Weren't you on a kiwi diet before?
Chris: Yes. The era of kiwis seems to have come to an end. Oh, only in Japan can reigns be so terrifyingly short.
Miyako: You know fruits don't have eras, right?
*Even diets went through fads.*
Kazuko: I like apples and kiwis. Anything sweet tastes great after a hard workout.
Mitsuru: Leave all things fruits to me. Here, I have a genuine mango for you.
Kazuko: Thanks! Aren't fruits great? They're filled with vitamins.
Shouichi: A genuine bona-fide mango, huh?
Mitsuru: They taste nothing like the ones sold at neighborhood stores. I only buy the real things.
Yamato: You're as particular as ever.
*That practice had to get expensive.*
Ikurou: Forget that -- today is the fourth unhappiest day of the year.
Yamato: That... doesn't sound that bad?
Takuya: What are you talking about?
Gakuto: Tch. Today's Tanabata, right?
Ikurou: Yes, an evil day. Only Valentine's Day, Christmas, and Christmas Eve are worse.
Gakuto: But think of all the beautiful ladies in yukatas. Yukatas, I say!
Ikurou: When they have their arm under a man's? Then who gives a fuck! Though that said, if they're wearing nothing underneath, I'll risk my life for the chase.
Takuya: Win or lose, I'm pretty sure you're never getting your life back.
Ikurou: There's things out there more important than my life. That's what makes me great!
Suguru: Oh, Tanabata is a fine day -- No, a magnanimous day.
Takuya: Why's that?
Suguru: When I start up my games today, a special voice message will play in place of the developer's name.
Takuya: But you could hear that whenever just by changing the date.
Suguru: How could you say such a thing, my brother?! Has your heart lost sight of what is truly important?!
Takuya: Hey, stop shaking me!
Suguru: Symptoms of your fling with 3D must still linger within you. I shall assist in your rehabilitation. Tonight, for us, there will be no sleep!
Takuya: Dude, what about school tomorrow?!
*And it was the night of Tanabata. Poor Moro.*
Chika: Tanabata is so romantic. But as if I could ever stand only seeing my boyfriend once a year.
Haguro: What's goin' on in that head of yours? I so can't even follow you.
Chika: Like, you don't have to act like that just because you still can't find a new man.
Haguro: Heck, Chikarin, you don't got no right to be so cheeky.
Mayo: I hope you have fun today.
Chika: I'm sorry. I know we always go together, but...
Mayo: No, no. I have to watch my younger siblings. We're all going to write tanzaku together.
Chika: Ooh. Mayo, you really are a good girl.
Mayo: I am not a good girl, I'm a good big sister. Wah, I can't believe I said that about myself.
*Being in a relationship meant having less time to spend with your friends.*
*However, I wanted to make time for both.*
*Boys changed in the neighboring classroom for gym, so there were only girls in the classroom.*
Chika: It's almost summer.
Mayo: Yes, it is. I'm looking forward to it too.
Chris: ...Again it happens.
Kazuko: Why are you looking into the hallway, Kuri?
Chris: It is nothing. Just... I keep feeling these waves of wickedness prior to swim class.
Miyako: I wouldn't call it that, but I've noticed it too. Though, I don't think anyone's being a peeping tom.
Kazuko: That's what I think too.
Chris: Then I suppose it matters little.
*As they picked up their bags and went to leave the classroom...*
Chika: H-Huh? It's gone... Why's it gone?!
Mayo: What's wrong? Oh, your swimsuit's missing!
*Some other girls also cried out that their swimsuits were missing.*
Chika: Oh my gosh, did somebody rob us?!
Mayo: I don't think it's right to be suspicious of others, but...
Chika: Everyone's swimsuits are missing. Somebody totally stole them!
Mayo: Now that you mention it, the room was briefly left open today during the science experiment.
Chika: Don't tell me that was when they... I don't believe this!
*As for the members of the Kazama family...*
Miyako: It's common sense to lock your belongings in a locker.
Chris: I leave my belongings with Mar-san.
Kazuko: I just wore mine under my clothes to start with.
Chris: Dog, as I recall, did you not run to school this morning?
Kazuko: I put on my gym clothes on over that.
Miyako: You're never lazy about training, but you're lazy with that?
*They were all fine.*
Haguro: My swimsuit's ruffled, but it's still here. Wait -- it smells! I'm gonna wash it!
*And then you had the few in the middle.*
Umeko: What's the fuss? Gym class is starting.
Mayo: Well, you see...
Shouichi: I'm first today too!
Lu: Well done, Kazuma. The fire in your eyes is magnificent!
*While Assistant Master Lu was focusing on Capt...*
Ikurou: Okay, today's the day I'm getting it on film.
Takuya: Mr. Lu's going to be mad if he finds out.
Gakuto: Like the other day, when I tried to look down at the poolside from the roof, I got blasted by a shockwave!
Ikurou: You think I'm worried about that? I'll protect my camera until the end.
Yamato: We're going to have a problem if you take Chika's picture.
Ikurou: I don't need photos of dumb blondies with boyfriends.
*I had to keep an eye on Yonpachi.*
*However, no matter how long we waited, the girls weren't showing.*
Ikurou: That's weird.
Kyojin: You shouldn't be this close.
Yamato: Did something happen, Mr. Beard?
Kyojin: Yeah, we've got our work cut out for us. You guys should get back to class.
Takuya: When did Mr. Lu leave?
Suguru: Hmph. Finally, freedom.
Mitsuru: Now I can eat my snacks.
Takuya: Where did you hide those?!
Yamato: Mr. Beard giving advice to Yonpachi? That's odd.
Gakuto: If Yonpachi gets caught, the Goblin Banquet would be canceled. It probably has somethin' to do with that.
Takuya: People who live on the dark side sure have it rough.
*But still, just what had happened?*
*...............*
Miyako: That sums it up.
Yamato: So that's what happened.
Miyako: Don't worry. Mine was safe. You can relax.
Yamato: I'm worried about Chika.
Miyako: ...Tch.
Kazuko: I can't believe someone would steal somebody's stuff!
Miyako: Now, now. It's too early to panic.
Kazuko: Your body's trembling!
Miyako: Trembling with excitement!
Chris: That is right. I may not have suffered myself, yet this cannot go unanswered.
Miyako:  You'll pay for this, Chika!
Chris: Hm?
*A little legwork later, our top suspect was...*
Ikurou: I'd never do anything like that!
Haguro: You totally look the part, with your monkey-face.
*The majority of the girls glared at Yonpachi, believing him to be the culprit.*
Takuya: Sorry, Yonpachi, but you brought this on yourself.
Gakuto: We have lost a hero this day.
*Karma had finally caught up with him.*
Chika: I don't think the monkey's the one who did it.
Ikurou: Dumb blondie, you...?
Chika: He's a pervert, but I don't think he's ever done anything like this.
Shouichi: Everyone, calm down. Heck, there's no way the culprit's in our class in the first place.
Tadakatsu: Geez. We were all together until gym class, dammit.
Haguro: Minamoto ain't one to be wrong.
Tadakatsu: Don't freakin' act like we're friends!
Haguro: Fuck yeah! Minamoto talked to me!
*An argument from one of the most popular guys in class was enough to free him from suspicion.*
Ikurou: What the heck, guys? The second they say something, you...
Mitsuru: Cheer up, Fukumoto-kun. Here's a banana.
Ikurou: Whoa, one-second charge!
Umeko: Silence! I will now tell you the details of the situation.
*The second Ms. Ume entered the room, everyone took their seats.*
Umeko: As you all know, a sad event has transpired.
Umeko: An incident of theft. Well, I can't imagine anyone in our class being such an uncultured swine, but...
*She looked at her students' faces, then breathed a sign of relief.*
Umeko: I'm sure there are some of you whose hearts are filled with anger.
Ikurou: Yeah. He'll pay for this!
*Yonpachi stood.*
Ikurou: Someone's trash is one thing, but taking the clothes off their back is just stealing!
Umeko: Don't take trash either, you uncultured swine!
Ikurou: Yahooooo!
Chika: Ugh... What're you saying, idiot?
Chika: Well, maybe that stupidity was kind of nice.
*However, I too felt the fire of Yonpachi's rage.*
Yamato: ......
Takuya: Yamato, you look angry.
Yamato: Of course I am.
Umeko: Mr. Lu is already heading a group of teachers to work on this.
Kazuko: Assistant Master will handle this, easy.
Miyako: Defeating the culprit should be simple. The hard part is finding him.
Yamato: Let me help!
Chika: Yamato-kun...
Umeko: Everyone would get tangled up in each other if too many students got involved, so this is being put up to auction.
Yamato: --!
Shouichi: Heh heh. Now you're speaking my language.
*I wanted us to make sure we won.*
Yamato: Capt, I don't need a reward for this. Keep that in mind when you're bidding, and make sure we win.
Shouichi: You can count on me!
*...............*
*The auction was about to begin.*
Lu: We have six people here today, huh.
History Teacher: Time is of the essence, no? Shall we begin?
Archery Club Captain: We shan't forgive the foe of women everywhere!
Jun: Of all things, they stole Class F's Class Rep's swimsuit... Heh heh heh. You'll regret that, you lolicon!
*A number of people there were openly angry, even though they weren't victims themselves.*
Lu: As always, we will not cover investigation fees.
Koppou Club Captain: OH! HIGH RISK, NO RETURN!
Jun: Who gives a damn about that.
Archery Club Captain: We were already prepared for such.
Shouichi: Yeah. No problem here.
Lu: This time, the initial offer is 400 meal tickets.
Koppou Club Captain: NO PRIME TICKETS?
Lu: It's quantity over quality.
History Teacher: Are you students complaining, yes?
Shouichi: Well, quantity's what a growing kid's lookin' for anyways.
History Teacher: Very good. So then, allow me to read my poem...
History Teacher: 'Ah, the school swimsuits. Adorable school swimsuits. How we long for thee.'
Lu: That was a simple haiku. We start from 400 tickets.
Shouichi: 300 tickets.
Jun: 200!
Archery Club Captain: A quick pace today. We shall offer 190 tickets.
Jun: 160!
Koppou Club Captain: LOW RETURN. NO TOUCH.
Shouichi: 150.
Jun: 130 -- no, 120!
Archery Club Captain: We will trust in your zeal. The matter is in your hands.
Shouichi:  ...100!
*The unused classroom fell silent.*
Jun: You went way under market value. I can't go any crazier than that.
Shouichi: That settles it.
Lu: Kazama has submitted the winning bid.
History Teacher: We needn't explain everything fully to you, but Maro is sure you would like to hear the information we have gathered, no?
Jun: If you can't put an end to it, then drop the case fast.
Shouichi: We aren't letting this go. Heck, we don't even have the 200 extra tickets we'd have to cough up.
*...............*
*We all soon gathered in our secret base.*
Momoyo: What's going on? These aren't prime meal tickets?
Shouichi: Stop complaining. Are you in or not, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: You have to ask? A girl's got to keep busy.
Kazuko: I'm fine with normal meal tickets.
Chris: But is not the culprit's identity unknown?
Shouichi: If they knew, they wouldn't have gone ahead with the auction.
Yamato: We'll find him, together.
Shouichi: But you know, what's the fun in stealing that kind of thing?
Gakuto: You don't know? A school swimsuit has healing properties.
Chris: It does? Incredible.
Takuya: But only for certain people.
Miyako: I wonder if the culprit is connected with school.
Yamato: The teachers would've noticed any outside intruders.
*They wouldn't have gotten past Assistant Master Lu, let alone the principal.*
Yukie: I also didn't sense anything in particular. What about you, senpais?
Momoyo: I don't know. I can only sense the strong.
Yamato: In other words, if it was an outsider, it's not anyone with any combat instincts.
*Which meant taking him down wouldn't be a problem.*
Takuya: But even so, you've put a lot of weight on my shoulders.
Gakuto: Your job is the same as always. Leave the rest to me.
Yamato: Actually, this time, Moro's role might be surprisingly important.
Takuya: It will?
*If I were the culprit, I asked myself, what would I do with the stolen goods?*
Yamato: If I were the culprit... I would sell them.
Chris: You fiend! Have you no shame?!
Yamato: IF, I said. Don't look at me like that.
Chris: I cannot consent to that opinion, not even as a hypothetical.
Yamato: I agree it's awful, but there's people in this world who would really do that.
*But this wasn't the time for a debate.*
Takuya: We also have to consider the possibility it was personal.
Yamato: It was too widespread. No specific individuals were targeted.
Miyako: What if someone had a grudge against Class F?
Gakuto: There's only one class that fits that bill: Class S!
Takuya: But I really don't think they would do something like this right before exams.
Yamato: Especially since those in Class S are concerned about their grades, yeah.
Miyako: Unlike in novels, in real life, problems often have very simple answers.
*She was right. Maybe we needed to assume our class was targeted by sheer coincidence.*
Yukie: Is there any alternative use for swimsuits?
Miyako: I put Yamato's swimsuits in clear bags and store them in dressers for safekeeping.
Yamato: Is that supposed to impress me?
Momoyo: She's dead set on you.
Yamato: Anyways, let's consider this more once we've gathered all the information.
Takuya: Where do we investigate?
Yamato: I'll explain that now.
*I accessed a certain site on my phone.*
Takuya: I'm not that good at using a phone, you know.
Yamato: Just do exactly as I say.
*With any luck, the thief would fall for the bait.*
Margit: You will bid me good morning.
Yamato: Morning.
*As I walked out of my room, still half-asleep, I ran into an unexpected face.*
Yamato: Do you have some business at the Shimazu Dorm?
Margit: Today is the day I must check on the status of Frau Chris.
Yamato: Hmm?
*She must occasionally come to check on her.*
Kazuko: Oh, Maltese!
Margit: I don't sense any stray dogs.
Yamato: She means you, you know.
Kazuko: Wait, I still haven't paid her back for back then.
Margit: You will forget that. It would obstruct my military duties. Orders are absolute.
Yamato: Oh yeah. Why are you here so early, Wanko?
Kazuko: You don't know? This is part of the roadwork course.
Yamato: Don't go running in people's homes.
Chris: So you came, Mar-san? Oh, and you too, Dog?
Kazuko: What's with you? Don't treat me like that, Kuri!
Margit: You will address her as Frau Chris.
Kazuko: She calls me 'Dog'!
Margit: I would rather call you a wild rabbit, but I would be willing to accept you have the strength of a wolf.
Kazuko: That's still an animal!
Chris: And that is still close to canine.
Kazuko: Argh! You two are just argh!
Miyako: Breakfast is ready... Ugh, and we have a weird guest.
Chris: Yes. Why must Dog be here?
Miyako: No, I'm not talking about her.
Kazuko: I can't hold this in anymore!
Chris: Then hurry to the bathroom.
Yamato: ...Could you stop adding fuel to the fire?
Kazuko: We're having a match, you two! A decisive match, today!
Miyako: This is so normal, it's boring.
Yamato: If you want to have a physical battle, you need the consent of the teachers.
Kazuko: Then we submit a petition today, and tomorrow we fight!
Margit: I have no interest in such a thing.
Chris: Why not, Mar-san?
Margit: My feelings have changed. We will have a match.
*That settled it.*
Kazuko: Let's do our best, Miyako!
Miyako: Uh, don't drag me into this.
Kazuko: It's too late to say that now!
Momoyo: Then it sounds like I'm here just in time.
Kazuko: Onee-sama!
Yamato: You too? Why'd you come here?
Momoyo: You're so cold, lil' bro. Breakfast wasn't enough, so I came to eat some food and some Mayu-Mayu.
Yamato: You'll overeat.
*Was she trying to satisfy all her myriad desires at once?*
Momoyo: I still haven't fought with you, have I?
Margit: Kawakami Momoyo? I was told not to engage in battle with you, but...
Momoyo: That's not what your eyes are saying.
Margit: Gh, I cannot stop my heart from wanting to try. You will battle me.
Shouichi: Whoa whoa whoa, I smell a goldmine!
Yamato: Yeah, the whole school's going to be talking about this fight.
*Since everyone would be going to see the fight...*
Shouichi: Now's our chance to write up betting slips!
*And since having money involved would draw even more spectators...*
Yamato: I can use this.
*During lunch break...*
Takuya: Capt's 100% focused on making betting slips, isn't he.
Yamato: Well, he has his hands full just doing that.
Gakuto: Hey, aren't we supposed to be takin' care of a request?
*By now, the entire school knew of the battle.*
Kazuko: They wouldn't give permission for us to have a martial arts battle.
Yamato: You had to know that was coming, since Nee-san's involved.
Chris: Hence, we will compete in a tennis match.
Gakuto: And where there's tennis...
Ikurou: There's short skirts and panty shots!
Takuya: Or we could be rational and realize they'll be wearing their gym clothes. No one's going to spend all that money on tennis skirts for one match.
Ikurou: I'm still down with that. Tomorrow's going to be great!
Shouichi: Now that it's a sports battle, I don't got a clue what'll happen, but I do know one thing: things are gonna be hot!
Chris: Mar-san's skills with tonfas are applicable in tennis. She may even trump Momo-senpai.
Kazuko: There's no way Onee-sama would lose in a physical contest!
*Welp, it was probably time for me to get to work too.*
Yamato: Let's check whether or not there was a response.
Gakuto: But man, I never even knew this site existed.
Takuya: Mobile pages are outside my area of expertise.
*What we were all accessing was the school's underground Web site.*
*I'd known it existed, but I'd never visited it either until yesterday.*
Yamato: I hear every school's got a place like this.
*A sickening place riddled with libel.*
Takuya: There's so many rude posts.
Yamato: All said, I still think it's weird that he actually announces his crimes in advance.
*But finding those posts had more-or-less confirmed that a student was behind the acts.*
Takuya: I found a lot of posts on desktop web pages too.
Yamato: Yeah. We're dealing with a real idiot here.
*But now we could use that to our advantage.*
Yamato: People who write posts like these want to stand out.
Takuya: I get it. So we'll just post this...
*Anonymous  Tactician | 2009/07/08 (Wed) Hey, you seriously fucking did it. lol.*
*Anonymous  Nice Guy | 2009/07/08 (Wed) Swimsuits stolen, at our school? Fucking A! Where can I buy one?!*
*Anonymous  Don't Call Me Old | 2009/07/08 (Wed) Tell me, and I'm 100% in to buy one.*
*Such posts bore fruit.*
Yamato: Okay, we have ourselves a hint about the auction.
Gakuto: But he didn't write the address, so who knows where it is.
Takuya: Then this is a challenge for me. I'm getting excited.
*Moro was excited at the chance to take a leading role in our efforts.*
Yamato: So then, we need to write more.
Gakuto: What should we write this time?
Yamato: Anything that'll instigate the culprit. For instance...
*...............*
Yamato: That's the current state of things. We're continuing to draw him in.
Momoyo: Why do we have to play this slow? Let's just find the source and kick his ass.
Yamato: That would take time, and given that there'll be no gym class next week due to end-of-semester exams...
*We had to get something done before then.*
Takuya: First, we have to investigate where they'll be selling.
Cookie: Your computer's all ready for you.
*A keyboard emerged from Cookie's body.*
Takuya: ...Someday, I'm going to get used to how surreal you are. Someday.
Cookie: But isn't it nice and convenient?
*Moro's hands flew across the keyboard.*
Momoyo: You still haven't found him? We know he's going to sell it at auction.
Takuya: No, no, there's no way he'll be selling it publicly.
Kazuko: Then how do we find him?
Takuya: By searching for it. But that said, I don't think I'll find it using normal methods.
Takuya: First, I'll use an underground search engine. That'll find me some sites. While going through the links on those, I'll also--
Momoyo: Skip the explanation, Mororo.
*No one else understood what was going on, so we just left it to Moro.*
Takuya: This site looks suspicious. It didn't come up on my search, either.
*The site had a bright design; it didn't seem dangerous at all at first glance. However...*
Yamato: The goods are covered by a mosaic.
Gakuto: That's a school swimsuit. I can tell from the aura seepin' through.
Chris: What sort of aura is that?
Takuya: It looks like it's got a pretty hefty price tag.
Yukie: Is it worth that much?
Kazuko: What sort of pervert buys somebody's swimsuit?!
Miyako: So, they really were after the money?
Yamato: They are looking to make a pretty penny.
*But we couldn't be certain that was all.*
Takuya: But school swimsuits are all like this.
Yamato: We can rule out schools that use competition-style swimsuits, but there's no time to investigate fully.
Takuya: Yeah. The auction's deadline is tomorrow.
Yamato: This is tight.
Shouichi: You can't figure out from this who the culprit is?
Takuya: Underground sites are strict with info, so it'll take a while to track him down this way.
Yamato: And we're in a battle against time.
Momoyo: Don't panic, lil' bro.
Shouichi: You're letting your emotions get the better of you, Tactician.
Yamato: I didn't mean to, but you might be right.
*I hadn't expected the blood to rush to my head the way it clearly had.*
Yukie: Umm, may I help as well?
Matsukaze: Writin' posts on the site's somethin' even I can do!
Gakuto: We can't show Mayucchi a site this rotten.
Miyako: However, I can easily handle it.
*Anonymous  Tactician Is Mine | 2009/07/08 (Wed) <3*
Miyako: Even on the dark web, my feelings are open.
Takuya: That's completely irrelevant.
*I checked the thread.*
*Anonymous  Don't Call Me Old | 2009/07/09 (Thu) If he steals more, that'd be sick.*
*Anonymous  Tactician | 2009/07/09 (Thu) I mean, he hasn't stolen all of them. Even I could do that much, XD.*
*Anonymous  Don't Call Me Old | 2009/07/09 (Thu) And here come the copycats.*
*Anonymous  Nice Guy | 2009/07/09 (Thu) After all the shit he's said, there's no way he'd back down.*
*Immediately after we posted these posts, the culprit announced his upcoming crime.*
Yamato: Okay, the culprit took the bait.
Takuya: Who would ever expect the people trying to catch you would start visiting an underground site?
Gakuto: But this is stupid. He could spend the time he wastes writing there improvin' himself.
Yamato: They're all the kinds of people who talk big, but never follow through.
Takuya: He's going to do it tomorrow. Should we tell the teachers?
Yamato: Of course not. This request was given to us, the Family.
Gakuto: But the only time the classroom's going to be empty tomorrow is durin' gym.
Takuya: Hey, you're right. What do we do?!
Yamato: I've already figured that out.
*But first, I decided to verify the items listed on the site one last time.*
*I showed a printout of the images to Yonpachi.*
Ikurou: There's no mistaking this.
Takuya: You're certain, then?
Ikurou: No mosaic can cloud my sight.
*The master perv could see through to the swimsuit underneath.*
Ikurou: That's why I never have to buy uncensored versions of adult books.
Gakuto: Man, I want those eyes for myself!
Ikurou: But any miscolorings or imperfections turn me off. Ultimately, I have to rely on delusions.
Gakuto: Of course it would turn out like that.
*Now I knew for a fact that he was the criminal.*
Chika: So like, I have this substitute swimsuit to use until the creep's caught, but it's not mine. I don't like it.
Mayo: And buying a new swimsuit would be too expensive.
Yamato: Don't worry. We'll work hard and find the culprit.
Chika: How much have you figured out so far?
Yamato: Well, we've mostly narrowed it down.
*I avoided talking about the auction. I didn't want to worry her.*
Chika: I knew you could. We're counting on you.
Mayo: Thank you so much, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Leave it to us.
*I had to live up to their expectations.*
*...............*
*Loud cheers sounded from outside.*
*All because of the tennis match between the Kawakami Sisters and the Exchange Student Pair.*
*Two of the competitors were from Class 2-F, so they'd all gone to see the battle.*
*Then we sensed the presence of an intruder.*
*He arrived just as the match hit its home stretch.*
Yamato: But regardless, if the guy is someone from another class, there's nothing unnatural about him not being at the match.
Takuya: I got the perfect shot.
*He'd snapped a picture of the very moment he'd crept into our room and taken the girls' swimsuits.*
Gakuto: We got you now, Mr... Huh? Who is he?
Yamato: He's Suzuki Kenta from 2-C, a neighboring class. We never paid much attention to him. (Hadn't Nee-san fought someone with that name?)
Kenta: Shit. I can't believe there were people still in the classroom!
Takuya: Miyako just texted me. The match is over, so everybody's coming back.
Yamato: We're good, Mayucchi. You can come out now.
Yukie: Okay.
Kenta: What? When did you--?!
*I'd ask her to hide in here, just in case.*
Kenta: Fuck me. I thought that, if I could do it once, I could easily do it again.
Takuya: If anything, I'm amazed you succeeded once. Someone should've suspected something was up.
Gakuto: He's just too plain for anyone to pay attention to. A man like him will never catch a lady's eyes.
Kenta: Y-You calling me a loser?!
Gakuto: Struggle all you want -- no one escapes from me.
Kazuko: Ah, I feel amazing!
Chris: I did not lose to you, Dog... Hm?
Mitsuru: What is it?
Ikurou: Isn't that Suzuki, the loser from 2-C?
Kenta: Stop calling me a loser!
*Our classmates were back.*
Mayo: This is all so sad.
Haguro: This guy's totally yuck. Ain't no surgeon gonna fix that face.
Chika: ...Hmph!
Kenta: Shut up, shut up, shut up!
*He struggled within Gakuto's hold.*
Kenta: What's wrong with stealing your swimsuits from dolts who fall in love the second they see a pretty face?!
Kenta: And then you dump him and switch to the next like you're putting on a new pair of socks!
Suguru: That may be true, but those who have touched the filth of 3D forfeit their right to speak!
Kenta: This's all your fault! All of you ignored me!
Yamato: Is that all you wanted to say?
Kenta: I'm a victim here, too.
Yamato: --!
*A rage swelled within me as I moved towards him.*
Chika: ...Clench your teeth.
Yamato: Chika?
Chika: Do you think girls are nobodies?!
Kenta: Ugh!
Chika: I'm not done here!
*Her second punch was stronger than her first.*
Chika: Sure, when feelings fade, I change partners.
Chika: But at any given moment, the guy I'm with? I love him seriously!
Kenta: Huh? Uh... B-But...
Chika: Have you even ever experienced anything like that? No, you haven't. Because, if you had, you would totally never do this!
Chika: So stop being a creep and be a pretty face that girls won't ignore!
Kenta: Aiiee! I-I'm sorry!
*The culprit withered before her menacing gaze.*
Haguro: Sca-ry, girlfriend. You had me shakin' too.
Yamato: She comes through when it counts.
*And honestly? That was damn cool.*
*...Huh? Was that my heart beating that strongly?*
*...............*
*We took the goods out of the auction and gave everyone back their swimsuits.*
Kazuko: You did it, Miss Badass!
Chika: Who are you calling a badass?!
Haguro: Whoa, Miss Badass is pissed. Don't hurt me!
Mayo: But aren't badass heroines cool?
Ikurou: A badass, huh? But I've never seen a badass with such a short skirt.
Chika: Gnnnnnnnnkh!
Takuya: Now everyone's calling her that.
Yamato: Let's stop. She doesn't like it.
*But I was afraid the name wasn't going anywhere anytime soon.*
*...............*
Yamato: You were really cool today, Chika.
Chika: Ahaha. But thanks to that, even my best friend's calling me a badass.
*It had also caused me to realize something important.*
Chika: Weren't you, like, looking to hit him yourself?
Yamato: Yeah, though in all the chaos I don't think I ever got around to it.
Chika: No, you totally did.
Yamato: I guess so.
Chika: Well, you can't. You're not that sort of person.
Yamato: That's why you butted in?
Chika: Not really. I was totally pissed, and after you hit him, I thought maybe I'd throw in a punch, too.
Yamato: Well, after what he did, of course you'd want to hit him.
Chika: Yeah. But I'm glad you felt the way you did, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: I'm glad too, that you love me.
Chika: Of course I do.
Yamato: It's kind of weird to say this now, Chika, but I love you, too.
Chika: Uh... Hey, is this really the time for that?
Yamato: Yes. I can't stop myself anymore.
*I loved her too much.*
*I wanted every bit of her.*
Yamato: No one's at the dorm today.
Chika: Huh? Are... Are you saying that...
Yamato: Want to come to my room?
Chika: Huh?! W-Well, I don't know if my heart is ready, and...
Yamato: I can't wait any longer!
Chika: Yamato-kun, you love me that much?
Yamato: I'm not going to be passive anymore!
*Those wishy-washy feelings had wound up disappearing from my heart.*
Yamato: I truly love you, Chika, so...
Chika: I see. You love me that much.
Chika: ...Maybe I can give it to... Yeah.
*Then, she nodded.*
Yamato: Do you want to stop home first?
Chika: No, I want to go to your room too.
*I secretly sent Capt a text.*
Shouichi: What the hell, Yamato?!
Chris: What is it?
Shouichi: He's not coming to the Friday Meeting. And I went out of my way to actually not put in for work that day too!
Yukie: It's rare for Yamato-san to not attend.
Kazuko: I'm in a good mood today, so I won't be angry.
Chris: Again, Dog, I did not lose to you.
Kazuko: After a duel, don't hang onto any enmity. (What does enmity mean, exactly?)
Chris: But after your first defeat, were you not awash with excuses and complaints?
Kazuko: Because that one didn't really count!
Gakuto: I don't see any difference between you two.
Takuya: The duels system is fun, but it's hard to walk away without holding on to any enmity.
Shouichi: But the biggest shock of all was that I wasn't able to make any money.
Momoyo: That's what you get for thinking you can make money off of us. Hand it over.
Shouichi: Like I said, I didn't make any!
Miyako: ...Hm?!
Takuya: What is it? What happened?
Miyako: Something feels wrong. As if something I care about deeply is moving far, far away. Specifically, Yamato.
Takuya: What do you mean, 'far'? Is he going to die?
Miyako: Nothing that easy. If anything, it'll be a living hell.
Takuya: Maybe you're spending too much time with your nose in that book. Isn't it about adultery?
Miyako: It fits my current heart to a T. Heh heh heh.
Takuya: You're amazingly tenacious...
Shouichi: Anyways, we gotta start partyin' like it's 1999!
Miyako: Why are you trying to force things along?
Gakuto: Party? How?
Shouichi: With some of this here Kawakami Water!
Takuya: In Kawakami, there's a drink called Kawakami Water. It's like sake, but it's definitely non-alcoholic.
Gakuto: Perfect job backin' us up, Moro.
Yukie: ...?
Miyako: Well, this is also a chance to drink, so... I don't need to push any further right now.
Momoyo: Okay, let's party!
Takuya: Uh, guys, Chris is here. Should we really be talking about alcohol-like drinks?
Chris: Oh, it sounds fun.
Takuya: Huh? That's a surprisingly natural reaction.
Miyako: Attitudes towards alcohol are a lot more liberal in Germany than in Japan. Which is a weird thing to say, considering this isn't alcoholic.
Matsukaze: Whoa, the moment's finally here.
Yukie: Sh-Should I join in, too?
Matsukaze: At this point, my Mayucchi ain't got any other choices. Show us what your mamma gave ya!
Yukie: I-I'll do my best.
Kazuko: Mayucchi, I'm not going to drink either. You don't have to force yourself to have some if you don't want any.
Yukie: Oh, I don't?
Matsukaze: You panicked, girl.
Yukie: But why is it that I feel a little disappointed?
Shouichi: (Well, good luck in there, Yamato. I got your back out here.)
Chika: I'm coming in.
*Cookie was at the Friday Meeting and Gen-san was at work, so no one was coming home tonight.*
Chika: Th-There really isn't anyone here.
Yamato: All my childhood friends have gathered elsewhere.
Chika: Shouldn't you go, too?
Yamato: I love my friends, but there's someone else who matters even more to me now.
Chika: Yeah. I'm happy to hear that.
Chika: So this is your room. It's cleaner than I thought.
Yamato: I try to always keep it clean.
*Besides, I could never invite a girl to a dirty room.*
Chika: Wait a second.
Yamato: Hm?
*Chika took out her phone and typed a text.*
Chika: I told my mom I might not be home tonight. She'd totally worry if I didn't.
Yamato: You're such a good daughter.
Chika: Well, even if she tells me to rush home, I just won't hear it because my phone is now off.
Yamato: I get it.
*That was still better than not saying anything at all.*
Chika: ...Umm.
Yamato: Can I kiss you?
Chika: Wai--Ah.
*I kissed before she had a chance to fix her breath.*
Chika: Mm... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, lick*
*Her body jerked suddenly, but she soon calmed down.*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*
*After swiftly rolling out the futon and sitting her down on it, we continued.*
Chika: *gasp* Ah, mm... Pwah.
Yamato: Oh, sorry. Was that too rough?
Chika: I-I'm fine... Like, you just surprised me.
Yamato: I want more. Let's do it again.
Chika: Aaah... Mm... *kiss*
*I started before she had a chance to argue back.*
*My plan of attack was a slightly milder version of what Shimokitazawa-kun had recommended.*
Chika: Mm... Hah, ah... *kiss* mm.
*Chika was getting more and more into it.*
Chika: Mm... *kiss, smack*... Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Fwah...
*Then, I dared to take a step back.*
Chika: Hm? You're done already?
Yamato: You looked like you weren't enjoying it.
Chika: As if. Kiss me more.
*I stopped her from chewing the gum, but that hadn't changed anything.*
*When we kissed, all my cares about those little things faded away.*
Chika: Mm, Yamato-kun... Huff... Mn--*kiss, peck*
*And my heart began to melt before her cute moans.*
Yamato: Chika, mn...
*Little by little, we entwined our tongues and moved deeper into each other's mouths.*
*We both shut our eyes.*
Chika: Fwah, aahh... Mn, hah...
Yamato: Mm, you're so cute.
Chika: Ah, I'm happy... you said that.
*In this space, there was no one but each other.*
Yamato: Chika, I...
Chika: ...I guess you would be.
Yamato: Seeing you today, I fell in love with you all over again. I want to take all of you.
Chika: Yeah, okay...
Chika: I'll borrow your bath.
Yamato: Yeah.
*I decided to send off one last text, as insurance.*
*...............*
Chika: Wah, my heart's going so fast!
Chika: I thought I was ready for this, but...
Chika: N-No, I can do this. I've totally heard plenty from Haguro.
Chika: Oh my gosh, I'm even talking to myself more... Really, what's wrong with me?
*I'd been curious, so I'd started eavesdropping on her.*
Yamato: She must be nervous.
*Could this be Chika's first time?*
*After Chika finished, I bathed myself.*
Yamato: Thanks for waiting.
Chika: Y-Yeah.
*She was sitting on the bed, her body concealed only by a white towel.*
Yamato: Um, first, there's something I have to tell you.
Chika: What is it?
Yamato: To be honest, this is my first time.
*My past circumcision I kept hidden.*
Chika: Oh, it is?
Yamato: I'm sure you think it's shameful of me to have never done it at this age.
Chika: Oh my gosh, no. I'm not bothered by it at all.
Yamato: Oh, thank goodness.
*I was glad I'd told her the truth, despite the risk of disillusioning her.*
*Though really, considering even Chika was...*
Chika: I mean, I'm also...
Yamato: Know what?
Chika: N-Never mind!
Yamato: What's wrong? Hiding things from your boyfriend already? *smile*
Chika: A-As if I'd do that.
*She clearly had no poker face, much to my surprise.*
Chika: Wh-Where are you staring...?
*Seeing her covered in a towel made me even more excited.*
Yamato: Chika!
Chika: Wah!
*I pressed her down onto the bed.*
Chika: A-Ah! Sheesh, don't surprise me.
*The moment I pushed her down, her towel fell off of her.*
Chika: Th-This is embarrassing...
Yamato: I'm embarrassed too, but not nearly as much as I am aroused.
*My nether region had reacted to Chika's butt-naked body.*
Chika: Ah, that's...
*My soaring penis had entered Chika's vision.*
Chika: Wahh...
Yamato: Wait, are you blushing?
Chika: Of course not, not after all I've...
Yamato: Then touch it.
Chika: Huh...? Already? Aren't there things to do first?
Yamato: Okay, then what comes before that?
Chika: W-Well... Like, isn't it normal for you to touch me first?
Yamato: Okay, got it.
*So I laid on top of her and felt her up.*
Chika: Haahh...
Yamato: Wow. I barely touched you, but it felt that good?
Chika: Y-Yes, I'm sensitive, so...
*She was clearly shaken.*
Chika: (Wah, this is so much harder for me...)
Yamato: You're so wonderfully soft.
*I took a tight grip of her bosom.*
Chika: Fwah! N-Not so suddenly.
Yamato: Huh? Did I do something wrong?
Chika: Aaann, fwah... Ah, you're pinching me...
*I was torturing her nipples.*
Yamato: I get it. So I start with the nipples.
Chika: N-No, that's not...
Yamato: Then how about here?
Chika: Huh? That's...
*I lowered my gaze and suddenly started exploring her asshole.*
Yamato: Wow, I never thought this was where foreplay started.
Chika: O-Of course it doesn't! Even a virgin should know that!
Yamato: Then tell me where, Chika.
Chika: W-Well, these things depend on the person, so...
Yamato: Then I guess this is the right spot.
*I further focused on her ass.*
Chika: L-Like I said, you're going too fast!
Yamato: You said that it depends on the person.
Chika: I-I meant it depends on me!
Yamato: Then what turns you on?
Chika: Umm...
Yamato: If you don't say something fast, I'll slice you with my unstoppable love.
Chika: Wait -- give me five seconds.
Yamato: Fivefourthreetwo--
Chika: You're counting too fast!
Yamato: Okay, time's up. I'll start by enjoying your breasts.
*I put into practice a flow of events I'd often seen in pornos.*
Chika: Nm, ah... Huff, Yamato-kun...
*She lightly tried to resist, but I easily made her do what I wanted.*
Yamato: Your breasts are just the right size.
*Her bust changed shape in the palm of my hand.*
Chika: ...Mm, hah... Mn, ah... Ahhhnn!
Yamato: You've gotten louder.
Chika: Oooh... I-I can't help it.
*Was I going too far?*
Yamato: I guess not. And I can't stop now anyways.
Chika: Hah! Th-That's not what I mean... Ah, hah!
*First, I had to make her feel thoroughly good.*
Chika: Yamato-kun... one after another, I totally can't... Ah!
*The strength fled from her body. She was letting me do whatever I wanted with it.*
Chika: Aah... Mn, it... kinda feels good.
*She was getting more and more turned on.*
Yamato: I think it's time to start working on me too.
*I thrust out my penis. It stood erect, having waited its turn.*
Chika: Umm, can I touch it?
Yamato: Of course.
*With her ass still resting on the bed, she touched it with her left hand.*
Chika: It feels so warm. Is that because you just took a bath?
*Her fingers, still warm from her own bath, tickled my dick.*
Yamato: Huh?
*She began to pleasure the end of my penis by covering it in the palm of her hand.*
Chika: Wow, it's totally getting even harder.
Yamato: That's because you're touching it, Chika.
*It felt good, but I have to stay aggressive too.*
Yamato: Let's both touch each other.
Chika: S-Sure...
*I again touched one of her bouncing boobs.*
Chika: Fwah...
Yamato: They're so soft and tender.
*Instinctively, I started to knead it.*
Chika: Ah, huff... Nm, ah, amazing... Mn.
*I gently grasped her jiggling breast with all five fingers.*
Yamato: Are you feeling good?
Chika: Yeah, mn, mm... I mean, they're like, your fingers -- Ah!
*When I touched her nipples, her body jerked up.*
Yamato: Are you all right?
Chika: Huff, huff... K-Keep going.
*But man, she was so sensitive.*
Chika: Mn, ahh!
*I pinched her hard nipples.*
Yamato: ...Ah, you're so wet.
Chika: Huh? Where?
*Even though I'd already known how a woman's body worked, its mysteries still fascinated me.*
Chika: Ah, down there's... Mm.
*I gently teased her with my fingers.*
Chika: Hah... Ah! Aah!
Yamato: Ticklish?
Chika: Mn, I don't even know what to say...
Chika: It's more like... it itches, or something.
Yamato: Are you ready yet?
*I gently pressed my penis against her entrance.*
Chika: Wow. I-It's so big.
Yamato: Thanks for the compliment.
Chika: Something so big... Is everything going to be fine?
Yamato: What's going to be fine?
Chika: Umm, like, I was wondering if you knew the right spot.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure I know that one.
*I would never do something as idiotic as accidentally fucking a girl in the ass on the first time.*
Chika: Mn... Aah, ah.
*Found it.*
Chika: Fwah... Ah, huff... Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Ugh!
*She was so tight.*
Chika: Hah, holy... Ah, mnnn...
Yamato: It feels extremely tight... Are you wet enough?
Chika: M-Maybe?
*I'd have to work on that.*
Yamato: So then, just a little more.
*I pushed my penis forward, teasing Chika's most precious spot.*
Chika: Huff, mn, mn-ah... Hah, nkh.
*I touched the walls of her vagina with my index finger.*
Chika: Hah... Mn... M, ah... Waah!
*I felt the moist grip of the viscous liquid within her coiling around my finger.*
Chika: Mn, d-don't show that to me.
Yamato: But it's coming out of you down here.
Chika: Mn... You can be such a bully sometimes, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: I just want to see every expression you have.
Chika: Hah... Argh. What sort of fetishes do you even have?
*It was certainly true that she was overflowing with love juices.*
Chika: Hauu... Hey, mn, ahhh...
Yamato: See how wet you are?
Chika: T-That's because... When I think of you touching me, Yamato-kun, I...
*I coated my penis with her love juice.*
Yamato: I think you're about ready.
*Once more I spread open her entrance.*
Chika: Hah, nkh...
*It really was tight, but if I kept pushing...*
Chika: Nm-ah... Ha!
*I pressed back her legs as I vigorously moved my hips.*
Chika: Fwaaahhh!
*As I buried myself within Chika, I stopped midway.*
Chika: Huff... Huff. mn, nm-ah... Ah!
Yamato: Mn, I'm going deeper...
*I thrust my penis into her tight, narrow crevice.*
Chika: Ah, aiie, eek, aahh!
Chika: Ah, mn... I-I can't -- ah, AAH!
*I felt myself break through something.*
Yamato: Huh? What was that?
Chika: Oooh... I guess that was asking too much.
Yamato: Chika, don't tell me you're...
Chika: Hick. It hurts...! Huff, HUFF...
*A liquid other than love juice gushed out and around my member.*
Chika: Mn, oww... Hah, nm-ah.
Yamato: Oh, it was your first time, too?
Chika: Yes, you idiot... I thought you already figured that out.
*I'd been pretty sure, but...*
Yamato: I guess it's the first time for the both of us.
Chika: Yeah, I guess so.
Yamato: I'm happy you're my first, Chika.
*I truly was happy.*
Chika: I'm... glad, too.
*And when she said that, I just...*
Yamato: I know this might hurt, but try to push through the pain.
*I moved in and out of the area around her entrance, trying to slowly accustom her to it.*
Chika: Mn, you're inside me... Mn, ah!
Chika: Fwah... Ah, ngh!
Yamato: It feels so good... I can't stop...
Chika: Hah, ah, yeah, let me make you... feel... better.
*I could feel myself swell in size within Chika.*
Chika: Hah, did it get... even bigger?
*Her insides undulated as if they were another creature entirely.*
Yamato: Even though it's our first time... We must be amazing.
*I might have had background knowledge, but this was still smoother than I'd expected.*
Chika: Huff, mn, mnngh...
Yamato: Does it hurt that much?
Chika: Hah, huff... It still hurts, but I feel calmer now.
Chika: So you can act more manly.
Chika: You can't hold back, right? And sometimes, I want to see your face look like that.
*She adorably pleaded.*
Yamato: --!
*Those words turned me into a beast.*
Chika: Hah, Hahn... Ah, fwah!
Yamato: Gh...
*I tenaciously attacked areas that hadn't fully expanded.*
Chika: Ah, ahh... Nm-ah, hah, ah!
Chika: Hah... Ah, you're soo rough, ah, ah, hah...
*I firmly gripped her velvety skin.*
*As I pull her body towards me, the towel and sheets disheveled around her.*
Chika: Ah... Mn-ah, Yamato-kun... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Chika, you're so cute... Mn!
*I kissed her breasts.*
Chika: Mnah... Hah, ah... If you suck me like that...
Yamato: *kiss* Mmm.
Chika: Hah, ah... Mn, huff, huff...
*I moved my tongue across her entire body.*
Chika: Kwah... Ah, hah... Even... there?
*I could move in her more easily now, her vagina had lubricated itself.*
Chika: Huff... Hah, huff, hah...
Chika: Aah, ah... Nm-ah, mn, mnnn...
*Hot, sticky bodily fluids overflowed from her.*
Chika: Hah, oh, my head's... Ah, hah...
Yamato: Are you going to cum?
Chika: Y-Yeah... Hah, ah... Aie, aaah!
*Her body shook, and her pussy got tighter.*
Chika: Mnah... Huff, ah, ahhh!
*She must have been close to her limit.*
Chika: Aiiee... Ah, ah! ...Nmaahhhhhhhh!
*She threw back her head and gasped for breath.*
Yamato: You came, huh.
Chika: Huff... Huff, a-amazing... Oh my gosh...
Yamato: It felt good, I take it.
*I'd heard that some girls struggled to cum during sex, too.*
Chika: D-Don't say that... What about you, Yamato-kun?
Yamato: I'm almost there...
*Squick, squick...*
Chika: Hah, aahhhh!
*I felt like I was going to waste away.*
Chika: Mn, ah... I-I'm so numb!
*She was even more sensitive than she'd been before.*
Chika: Aiie, ah... AH... ngh, ah, huff, haiiya!
Yamato: ...Ngh!
*I was about to cum too!*
Chika: Aiie, ah, ah! Ah! ...Mn, ah!
*I rapidly moved my hips in quick, short thrusts, driving myself towards ejaculation.*
Chika: Aah, if you, do that, I'll... Ah, mm, hah!
Chika: Go ahead, Yamato-kun... Ah, mn... I love you, love you so much...
Yamato: I love you too!
*I opened her legs wide and drove my penis deep within her.*
Chika: Ah, nm-ahh... Hah, ah, aaahhh!
*I moved as hard as I could through the painfully tight pressure.*
Chika: Hah, mn, ah, aaahhhh...
Yamato: I'm cumming...
Chika: Mnahhhhhh... Huff, huff...
*Spew! Spew!*
*I filled Chika with my semen.*
Yamato: ...Mn.
Chika: Huff... Huff, you came... Mm.
*The remaining drops spurted out of my dick as she trembled beneath me.*
Chika: Ah, mn... Huff, Yamato-kun, mn...
*We held each other as we bathed in the afterglow.*
Shouichi: Zzz... Good luck out there, Yamato.
Kazuko: He partied harder than anyone else, and then he fell asleep first.
Gakuto: It's like he's takin' your role, Wanko.
Takuya: But there's an even rarer sight over here.
Chris: Zzz... Zzz... Mnah, Mr. Bear.
Momoyo: You're completely defenseless, Kuri. Are you leading me on?
Kazuko: Onee-sama, let me play too!
Momoyo: Wanko, you always do love jumping in on everything.
Gakuto: Dammit. Momo-senpai, if only you weren't here, Chris would be mine!
Momoyo: I do want a few more snacks...
Gakuto: And you still want more?!
Yukie: Huh? Oh, I'm so sorry. I should've prepared more. I'll start right away!
Takuya: Be careful, Mayucchi. She's after you.
Momoyo: Be quiet, Mororo. Stop being a goody two-shoes and let yourself be wasted.
Takuya: Ooh. With Yamato gone, I have to do something...
Miyako: ...Hah!
Takuya: What is it this time?
Miyako: My Yamato -- he...
Takuya: No, he didn't come today. Did you forget that?
Miyako: I'm heading home now.
Takuya: It's already after midnight, so just stay here. Besides, we're all here too.
Miyako: Right, I have this place too.
Miyako: Besides, I won't be out of chances as long as I'm still alive. The bonds of childhood friendship can never be broken!
Takuya: (I guess Miyako noticed, somehow....)
*Not much about the Kazama Family changed this day.*
Yamato: Oh, come to think of it, I didn't wear a condom.
*I'd gotten carried away.*
Chika: It's fine. I've thought everything through.
Yamato: Of course you have.
Chika: I totally have a life plan. I think everything through.
Yamato: A life plan. That has a nice ring to it.
Chika: But now, I've finally reached the end of my plans.
Yamato: I won't let you regret it.
*I hugged her close.*
Chika: Yeah. And you absolutely better not make things hard for me.
*I'd have to fully support the weight of her smile.*
*...............*
*......*
*It was autumn before I knew it.*
*We had just arrived at the hotel where we were staying during our school trip.*
Chika: Ugh... Aren't you totally supposed to learn about the nature and culture of the place you visit on a school trip?
*--Location: Saitama prefecture.*
Yamato: Yeah, but I don't really mind.
Chika: I do! What are we going to do when we have a child?
Yamato: A child...?
Chika: Yes. Are we going to tell them we went on a school trip to Saitama? As if.
Yamato: I hadn't really thought about it, but I guess that is a problem.
Chika: Well, we won't have one for another five years.
Yamato: Hahaha... Is that so.
*She would always talk like that...*
Chika: I am so not done having fun yet. And of course I want you there with me.
Yamato: Yeah.
*But I loved hearing her say it.*
Chika: Getting to do school events together is, like, one of the best things about having a boyfriend your own age!
Yamato: Especially since we're classmates.
Chika: Then maybe it doesn't matter where we go.
Yamato: Yeah. Oh, it's almost time for lunch.
Chika: As good as Kuma-chan is, I guess we can't expect him to know the best restaurants here.
Yamato: Capt once caught someone trying to dine-and-dash here, and he really talked up the food at the restaurant.
Chika: Well, you can't go wrong with a place where Kazama-kun ate.
*I'd never expected we'd wind up like this.*
*It proved that I'd been biased.*
Chika: I kind of want to go see a sweets shop afterwards, so I can gather information.
Yamato: How studious.
Chika: I've watched my family's in action since long ago, so I'm interested in other shops.
*You could never understand a person without getting to know them.*
*Maybe I needed to start reaching out to even more of the people I usually didn't interact with.*
Yamato: So then, let's get going.
Chika: Yeah. Hold my hand.
*We held each other as tightly as the lovely bond between us.*
====================act_i_梅子シナリオ.bin====================
Yamato: Ms. Kojima, I have a question about class.
Umeko: Oh, Naoe. Ask.
Umeko: I'm sorry I've been a bit flustered these last few days.
Yamato: No, it's fine... So, about this part...
Umeko: Hmm, well...
Kazuko: Oh, teacher's pet Yamato's asking questions!
Shouichi: He really takes school stuff seriously.
Shouichi: Man, I wanna go on some big adventure, one full of sharks attacking me and biting up my pants.
Kazuko: Ahaha, maybe that's a bit too extreme...
Kazuko: But you're not the only free spirit here, huh?
Shouichi: That's even true in Class S. They've got plenty of strong minds over there, but they're still free to live their lives.
Kazuko: The teachers must really like having students like Yamato.
Shouichi: Welp, how about we head down to the base?
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Umeko: ...That concludes my explanation.
Yamato: All right, thank you very much.
Umeko: Good. Naoe, I expect big things from you. Work hard and do your best.
Yamato: I will!
*I really appreciated the compliment.*
Umeko: ...Ahh.
Yamato: Are you tired?
Umeko: No, I'm fine. It's nothing you need to worry about.
Umeko: ...Now I'm worrying my students. This needs to change...
Kyojin: Are you worried about something, Ms. Kojima?
Umeko: I'm fine, thank you.
Kyojin: If you need anything, then I, Kyojin, am just the man to talk to.
Kyojin: And perhaps we could talk over dinner tonight?
Umeko: I would rather not.
*Kojima Umeko, our 28-year-old teacher.*
*She clearly had a lot on her mind, her age being what it was.*
*Capt and I were taking a nap on the warm banks of the river.*
Shouichi: Man, the breeze on my skin feels great after a hard day's work.
Yamato: Maybe it'd be less hard on you if you didn't skip school to pick up more shifts?
Yamato: ...So Capt, something happened at school today...
*--During class.*
Umeko: ...And so make sure to pay special attention to this era.
*I loved how easy it was to follow Ms. Ume's lessons.*
*She never wasted time on useless facts, and everyone was too scared of her to whisper during class, so I could focus fully on the lecture.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
Umeko: ......
Yamato: (Wanko, don't sleep.)
*Wanko suddenly opened her eyes.*
Yamato: I know how tough your training is, but you need to resist the temptation.
Umeko: ...Oh?
*--Break time.*
Umeko: Naoe, could I borrow you for a moment?
Yamato: Yes?
Umeko: Thank you for keeping Kawakami alert during class.
Yamato: I should've known you'd notice.
Umeko: Such things are my specialty.
*She said, and then suddenly cracked her whip.*
Umeko: It's the season of mosquitos already... No, don't mind me.
Umeko: Well, I want you to speak to Kawakami.
Umeko: Tell her that, if you hadn't stepped in, she would have had me to deal with.
Umeko: She can consider this her last warning.
Yamato: All right, I'll tell her.
Umeko: You're such a considerate young man. I'm glad I can trust you with these delicate things.
Umeko: You are a huge help. Thank you, Naoe.
*...More compliments.*
Yamato: So it was like that.
Shouichi: Hmm... And?
Yamato: She's taken a liking to me.
Yamato: But why?
Shouichi: Because you got that kinda aura that older people love, right?
Yamato: Hmm... I wouldn't say I--
Momoyo: Oh, lil' bro. I'm bored, so play with me!
Yamato: Wahp!
Momoyo: Time for some loving! *lick* *lick*
*No, maybe Capt was right.*
Kazuko: *om nom nom*
Yamato: Careful with those dangos! You don't want that mitarashi sauce on your clothes.
Shouichi: I wanna come up with the next big thing in dangos and get rich quick. How about dango with human faces on them?
Yamato: That's practically grotesque! ...Huh? It's Ms. Ume.
Umeko: Hmm, these rice crackers are new. I'll buy some.
Yamato: Ms. Ume, hello there.
Umeko: Oh, Kawakami and Naoe. And Kazama, too?
Yamato: Rice crackers? You must really like them.
Umeko: Indeed... I cannot live without them.
Umeko: There's no time to waste. I wonder how good they are.
Yamato: Are you going to eat them with someone?
Umeko: No, I'll be enjoying them by myself.
Umeko: It's something to look forward to on the weekend.
Yamato: Umm. Sure. Okay...
*Kojima Umeko, a 28-year-old teacher with no man in her life.*
*I had Yonpachi show me his relationship point chart.*
Yamato: So Ms. Ume really does have a thing for me.
*And I'd felt myself starting to pay more attention to her, too.*
Kyojin: Well you know, while I completely understand being hot for teacher...
Yamato: Whoa, when did you--
Kyojin: Going out with an adult's only setting yourself up to get burned.
Kyojin: Leave loving her to the other teachers, eh?
*He said, and then vanished.*
Yamato: What even was that...? Geez.
*He knew how to sound cool, even if the rest of him never followed.*
*......*
*I'd gone to the rooftop to sunbathe.*
*To no surprise, I found Capt out here out like a light.*
Umeko: Mm... Naoe.
Yamato: Ms. Ume, it's rare to see you on the roof.
Umeko: ...Well, all right. But this is a secret.
Yamato: ......?
Umeko: I was eating a rice cracker in the staff room when Mr. Ayanokouji told me to leave. He said I was distracting him from his work.
Yamato: Haha. Well, there's no one to bother here.
Umeko: Laugh all you will... Time to enjoy.
Umeko: Would you like some, too?
Yamato: I'd be happy to.
*We munched on the crunchy crackers.*
Yamato: ...They're really good. It's a simple soy sauce flavor, but I could fall in love with it.
Umeko: Oh, you can tell? I am impressed, Naoe.
Umeko: With these rice crackers, once you pop the fun never seems to stop.
Umeko: *om nom nom*
Umeko: The other teachers in the staff room prefer cakes or anmitsu.
Umeko: Leaving me the only rice cracker lover.
Yamato: What about Mr. Beard?
Umeko: He claimed to like them when he saw me eating one.
Yamato: I can't believe he was that blatant...
Umeko: That is not enough to call him a true fan.
Yamato: If I can ask something a bit personal on that subject...
Yamato: Ms. Ume, what do you think of Mr. Beard?
Umeko: As a man, you mean?
Yamato: Yes?
Umeko: That is too personal, especially for you.
Umeko: (Did Mr. Usami put him up to this?)
Yamato: (She'll probably assume Mr. Beard asked me to ask her, which means she won't get angry with me.)
Umeko: ...Perhaps it would be better to tell the truth.
Umeko: I feel nothing towards him.
Yamato: Why not?
Umeko: Hmm...
Umeko: Well, I suppose I can tell you.
Umeko: Sadly, everything about him, even down to his looks, isn't my type.
Umeko: I'm happy knowing someone likes me, but... Surely you can think of someone you would never be with too.
Yamato: H-He's that bad?
Umeko: ...He goes through such lengths to say he likes me.
Umeko: Part of me is open to letting him take me out to dinner, but he just repulses me.
Yamato: Well, there definitely are people I could never see myself with.
*Even if there were a hundred routes to my life, I doubted I'd wind up with Haguro in any of them.*
Umeko: I feel sorry for Mr. Usami, but that's the truth.
Umeko: Of course, that only goes for us being in a romantic relationship. Otherwise, things are normal between us.
Yamato: I see.
*My heart went out for Mr. Beard.*
*I didn't want to see what would happen to him if she told him he viscerally disgusted her as a man.*
Umeko: Also... I get the feeling he bears a heavy past, one burdened with deep sorrow.
Yamato: Are we talking about the same Mr. Beard?
Umeko: I can see it in his eyes. It is just a guess, but... I suspect we live in different worlds.
Yamato: I don't know about that, but... All right.
Umeko: I feel as if I'm spilling all my secrets to you, Naoe.
Yamato: Then how about you tell me what sort of man you do like?
Umeko: ...Oh, I wouldn't consider myself very particular.
Umeko: Well, I suppose you won't accept that after everything I said about Mr. Usami... Hmm...
Umeko: Yes, I think I'd like someone a bit younger.
Umeko: An intelligent young man with an adorable cheeky side.
Umeko: And I'll train him with my whip, just like this.
Yamato: Aiee?!
Umeko: Hahaha, I kid. My type is an ab-so-lute secret.
Umeko: So then, Naoe, what do you say to one last one?
Yamato: I'll take it.
*Then Ms. Ume left.*
*Her back straight as an arrow.*
*Yeah, I'd wound up being interested in her.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*A month since Mayucchi and Chris had joined.*
*Things around us were getting livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*There was one woman who'd caught my eye...*
*Kojima Umeko.*
*Our homeroom teacher in class 2-F.*
*28-years-old and unmarried.*
*28-years-old. (Once more for emphasis.)*
*A strict yet kind teacher.*
*But recently, she'd felt closer than ever.*
*As if I'd caught her eye.*
*She was nothing if not absolutely beautiful...*
*But I'd been able to talk with her without thinking about that, until now.*
*...My teacher, huh?*
*A student who had fallen for a teacher -- such a common cliche...*
*But how could I get closer to her?*
*I wanted to know more about her.*
*As those thoughts danced in my head, my eyelids grew heavy.*
*A summer with Ms. Ume.*
*And so begins the very, very short story of a teacher and her student.*
Chris: Summer clothes are so nice. I can enjoy the breeze, and they are wonderfully easy to move in.
Momoyo: Yeah, they're the best. Between the lighter clothes and the fireworks, summer is a feast for the eyes.
*But my classmates weren't the only ones who had changed.*
Koyuki: Summer clothes feel so great!
Momoyo: Whoa, they're huge! I can't stop looking!
Koyuki: Waaahhh!
*Everyone else had too.*
Umeko: Good morning, everyone.
Shouichi: Heyya.
Momoyo: Ms. Ume, aren't you hot in that?
Umeko: This is perfect for me, especially given how it lets me store my whip.
Momoyo: Oh, smart... Didn't think about that.
Yamato: (Come to think of it, just how strong is Ms. Ume?)
Momoyo: What do you say to some training, for old time's sake?
Umeko: I appreciate the offer, but it would be exhausting to fight you. It'll have to wait for the weekend.
Momoyo: I can't wait.
*Then Ms. Ume left.*
Yamato: Huh? Back up -- just how strong is Ms. Ume?
Shouichi: I know she packs a pretty decent punch, but...
Momoyo: She's strong. And when it comes to number of moves and versatility, she really stands out.
Yamato: She knows that many techniques?
Momoyo: Yeah. Out of all our friends, other than me and a certain someone, nobody's beating her.
Yamato: I guess she's been around long enough to have learned a YEOUCH!
*The next thing I knew, a whip had coiled around my neck.*
Shouichi: Ugh, looks like she heard you. This's goodbye.
Yamato: Whoooaaa?!
*And then she hauled me away.*
Shouichi: He's been taken away. That was real quick work.
Momoyo: Everyone knows not to talk about age around Ms. Ume.
*--In the gymnasium.*
Umeko: This should be just the place, plus no one else is using it now.
Yamato: Ugh...
*She freed the whip from around my neck.*
Umeko: Now then, Naoe. I believe you said something behind my back about me being around long enough to remember the dinosaurs?
Yamato: I wasn't trying to talk behind your back! And I didn't go that far!
Umeko: And here I thought you were more discerning than that.
*She cracked her whip.*
Umeko: You even said I'm on the edge of disaster?
Yamato: That's not even close to what I said!
Umeko: Silence. Now grit your teeth.
Yamato: Don't ruin your beautiful skin by getting angry over nothing.
Umeko: Did you call my skin 'beautiful'...?
Yamato: I did.
Umeko: I do not need your blatant flattery.
Yamato: I meant every word.
Umeko: You're just the same as Mr. Usami.
Yamato: Does he compliment you, too?
Yamato: But me, I find myself looking at you more than the girls in our class. After all, you're far more attractive.
Yamato: I know the girls must ask you your secrets.
Umeko: Be quiet, uncultured swine! Must you rattle off such foolish things?
Umeko: But, well...
Umeko: I will let you off just this once. Your crime was borderline, after all. I will put away my whip.
Umeko: But I suggest you refrain from any more easily misunderstood commentary, Naoe.
*With that, Ms. Ume left.*
Yamato: Am... Am I spared?
*Ms. Ume's age was a really dangerous subject.*
*This called for a quick experiment. I decided to whisper something.*
Yamato: On that note, Ms. Ume must be at least...
Umeko: ......
*Whoa, I could feel a presence already. Someone was watching me.*
Yamato: ...Well, I don't know the answer to that, but she's still so pretty, and her skin's so nice and smooth.
Yamato: Geez, the girls in our class could learn a thing or two.
Umeko: ...Good... Not guilty.
*Only a fool would talk to a woman about her age.*
*Ms. Ume left in a huff.*
*--After school, on the rooftop.*
*I was taking a nap together with Capt on the rooftop.*
Yamato: *yawn* ...Hmm? Somebody's here.
*It was Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: Naoe, I'm going to be swinging my whip, so tell me if you're about to come down, or you'll get caught in the blow.
Yamato: S-Sure, I guess?
Umeko: If you're going to sleep, I would rather you slept at home. But, well, you haven't violated any rules yet. I will say nothing.
Yamato: You're using your whip... Are you disciplining someone?
Umeko: No, I am practicing my technique!
Umeko: Though the movements are second-nature to me, I cannot let my body grow dull.
Umeko: Therefore, I regularly make time to practice.
Yamato: So that's why.
*Ms. Ume's whip snapped through the air.*
Yamato: Wow. It's like an extension of your arm...
Umeko: The whip techniques of the Kojima family are unparalleled in their versatility.
Yamato: I'd love to see more.
Umeko: I do not put on shows.
Umeko: ...But you are a good student, Naoe. I'm willing to grant your request.
*So she was going to show me.*
*Being a straight-A student who was well-liked by his teachers had its perks.*
Umeko: Naoe, could you throw a shoe at me?
Yamato: Oh, as part of your training?
Umeko: Yes. Throw it as hard as you can.
Yamato: Here comes the first pitch -- Hyah!
*I threw my shoe at Ms. Ume.*
Umeko:  Yamabiko!
*Then she blasted it back towards me just as fast.*
Yamato: Wow, your reflexes are amazing.
Umeko: My whip can return attacks from where they came...
Umeko: Projectiles don't have a chance of touching me.
Yamato: Are you sure you should be showing me your techniques?
Umeko: Even if some of the Kojima whip techniques were known, it would not give my opponent the upperhand.
Yamato: Whoa.
Umeko: Versatility is its strength.
Umeko: For instance, I can also do this!
*She twirled her whip like a rhythmic gymnast would her ribbon.*
*Until, eventually, it began to take shape.*
Yamato: Is that... A dog?
Umeko:  Watchdog Spirit!
*The whip-dog charged forth, as if to tackle some foe.*
Yamato: Wow... Amazing.
Umeko: ...Well, I also come from a line of samurai.
Yamato: Nee-san... I mean, Momo-senpai was right. I think you really are stronger than Miyako or Wanko.
Umeko: Well of course I am. I wouldn't lose to a student.
Umeko: ...With the exception of Kawakami Momoyo.
Yamato: She is definately in her own league.
Umeko: Yes... She is the only one to bear the brunt of my strongest ultimate technique, Nine-Tailed Fox, without so much as a scratch.
Umeko: She has incredible talent, but I fear it may be too much for her to control.
Yamato: You're not wrong...
Umeko: It will fall to you to watch out for her.
Yamato: Yes, I will.
*Her words felt like a warning.*
Umeko: All right, that's enough training.
Yamato: You wield your whip so brilliantly.
Umeko: I told you, enough of the flattery.
Yamato: But, I'm impressed -- most people could never manage that much.
Umeko: I've been practicing since I was a child.
Yamato: Hmm... I wonder what you were like as a girl.
Umeko: Not very different, I'd say.
Yamato: So you were equally incredible.
Umeko: Even Mr. Usami wouldn't butter his words that transparently. You're sounding more like Aoi Touma.
Yamato: But that's how I genuinely feel.
Umeko: We're done for today. You should head home.
Yamato: Okay!
Umeko: As crisp an answer as ever.
Yamato: ...We talked a lot, didn't we?
*I felt like we were growing closer.*
*And wow, Ms. Ume really was strong.*
*Sometimes, it felt like everyone in our school was a martial artist.*
*As one who used their connections as their strength, I couldn't slack off.*
Koyuki: Yay, yay
Yamato: Whoa! Again you pop up out of nowhere.
Yamato: ...Are you more the type to fight with your hands or with your head?
Koyuki: Hmm?
*It stayed a mystery.*
Umeko: Now, for today's homeroom...
Umeko: Hey, Kumagai! Class is in session! Don't eat cheese fondue!
Mitsuru: O-Ouch. I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself.
Umeko: For goodness sake... Now you're making me hungry.
Umeko: Now then, everyone. Pools are a hallmark of summer.
Umeko: However, the pool and the poolside are filthy.
Umeko: And so the principal is looking for volunteers.
Umeko: There is no reward, but is anyone willing to help all the same?
Mayo: I will!
Yamato: Me too!
Umeko: I am sorry this always falls to you. Thank you.
Shouichi: Nice going, Yamato.
Shouichi: I'm gonna go do it, too! Who knows -- maybe I'll get dragged into some big adventure!
Yamato: I'm pretty sure any adventure I got dragged into while on the side of the pool would be awful.
*It was the little things like this that let me build up my relationships.*
*--After school.*
Yamato: Whoa, it shouldn't be this hot in June.
Shouichi: Yamato, there's nothing happening.
Yamato: Of course not. What were you expecting?
Yamato: Come on, stop grumbling and get to cleaning.
Shouichi: Man, why can't there be a pirate attack or something?
Yamato: Because we're a little far from the seven seas, maybe?
Shouichi: How about there's some treasure just waiting to be found?
Yamato: You're not going to just find something like that out--
Umeko: If you're hot, you can dress cool!
Yamato:  Treasure at 6 o'clock!
Shouichi: Huh? What treasure?
Yamato: What do you think? Are you blind? Ms. Ume's in a swimsuit!
Shouichi: Huh? Hey, no fair! Why don't any of the rest of us get to strip down?!
Yamato: Dude, what sort of teenager reacts like that?
Umeko: The principal and Mr. Lu will be arriving soon in their swimsuits, too.
Yamato: And what good does that do anyone?
Umeko: The principal said the girls would be 'gaga' for it. His words.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Umeko: The principal said we owed it to you hardworking students to reward you by seeing us in our swimsuits.
Yamato: I appreciate the sentiment, but I'd prefer he didn't.
Shouichi: Whoa, Mr. Lu's gonna be in a swimsuit?
Shouichi: What sorta style do you think he goes for? I gotta check it out!
Yamato: Hey, Capt. It's not every day your homeroom teacher wears her swimsuit.
Yamato: Couldn't you be, I don't know, a little more considerate?
Shouichi: I'll be back real soon!
*He hadn't listened to a word I said, had he?*
Umeko: He'd rather see Mr. Lu in a swimsuit...
*Mngh. She looked downcast.*
*She was never one to show her reaction, but even she wanted to be appreciated.*
*That made things tricky, but I had to find a way to cheer her up.*
Yamato: Ms. Ume, you shouldn't let him bother you.
Umeko: Naoe...
Yamato: I don't think Capt in interested in girls yet.
Yamato: He's more the type to find excitement from thrilling adventures anyways, so...
Umeko: ...The more you say it, the more I feel numb.
Yamato: You're really attractive.
Umeko: I know flattery comes to you as easily as breathing, Naoe.
Yamato: But it's the truth...
Umeko: Well... I suppose it did cheer me up a little.
Umeko: Thank you.
Yamato: You're welcome.
*Once I'd had my fill, I texted Yonpachi and the others about the swimsuits.*
*I couldn't be such a goody two-shoes that they came to resent me.*
*We had a quick test before semester finals.*
Umeko: Students, the results were disappointing.
Umeko: What are you doing? Finals are just around the corner!
Umeko: This is your last trial before summer break! You should be leaving nothing on the table!
Umeko: Hey, Kumagai! Class is in session! Stop eating escargot!
Mitsuru: O-Ouch. I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself.
Yamato: Kuma-chan's got guts... Escargot? Really?
*......*
*I stared at the wall full of job offers.*
Yamato: Isn't there any way to make a quick buck?
*A lot of people were willing to pay extra right before exams.*
Yamato: The Literature Club is accepting humorous short story submissions... Hmm.
Yamato: The Electronics Club wants a debugger for their game... Sounds exhausting.
Yamato: The Geological Research Society wants to dig up fossils... I don't have the strength for that.
Yamato: The Shark Club's looking for people who want to have deep conversations about sharks? There has to be something saner than that.
Yamato: The Mushroom Club is holding a testing event for new brands... Too deadly.
Yamato: The Jeans Club is looking for those who can speak volumes about the wonder of a woman's hipline... Hmm, I could do that.
*But the flyer also listed a special guest -- the Virgin Emperor. That sapped me of all of my enthusiasm.*
Yamato: 'A pure club for watching over little girls. For more details, speak to Inoue Jun in 2-S.' ...That's way too fishy.
Yamato: Huh? 2009 registrations for Aoi Touma's Fan Club have closed?
Yamato: Let's see... A hundred meal tickets to anyone who can solve the Riddle Club's riddle? That sounds fun.
*I rushed down there.*
*......*
Umeko: Oh, Naoe. Where did you get all those meal tickets?
Yamato: I fought the Riddle Club and won, so...
Umeko: The pressure must not have gotten to you.
Umeko: Come to think of it, you were the only one who got a 100 on the quiz.
Yamato: Then Class Rep must have screwed up one. Was it question 13?
Umeko: Yeah. She fell for the trap.
Yamato: That's just like her.
Umeko: You, on the other hand, overlook nothing. I think you would be well suited for Class S.
Yamato: I just put in the time.
Yamato: Pretty much everyone in my life is a fair hand in a fight.
Yamato: I have to keep my own weapon sharp too.
Umeko: I see. That is an excellent attitude to have.
*I really appreciated the compliment.*
Kyojin: Oh, hello there, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: Mr. Usami.
Yamato: (I bowed my head.)
Kyojin: Hahaha. Lecturing him?
Kyojin: Naoe can be a bit cheeky. I was thinking we needed to bloody his nose a bit.
Umeko: Actually, I was congratulating him on being the only person to ace the quiz.
Kyojin: Oh, that makes sense. Wow, you really do love your students.
Kyojin: So on that note, what do you say to us going--
Umeko: I must decline. Now, if you'll excuse me...
*Ms. Ume strode off.*
Yamato: ......
Kyojin: ...Almost.
Yamato: What part of that was close?!
Kyojin: By the way, what's with all the meal tickets? Also, can you buy me food? You can? Thanks.
Yamato: I earned these. I'm not giving them away. So bye.
Kyojin: Hey, hey, don't be like that.
Yamato: Whoa! You're going to force me?!
*--In the cafeteria.*
Kyojin: I love the fried chicken here.
Yamato: Of course you love it. You didn't have to pay for it.
Kyojin: Hey, don't be like that. I don't get the biggest salary here.
Kyojin: Man, Ms. Kojima's really got a thing for you.
Yamato: You think so, too?
Kyojin: Yeah. You're her favorite -- I'd bet on it.
Kyojin: Good grades puts you in her good graces. That's a sticker.
Yamato: Is that what you should be saying to a hardworking student?
Kyojin: Yeah, because I'm jealous. What's the difference between you and me?
Yamato: Age, looks, intelligence... Maybe everything?
Kyojin: Ms. Kojima must have a thing for younger men.
Kyojin: Sheesh, I'm jealous.
Kyojin: Maybe I should shave off my beard.
Yamato: That seems unwise...
*That was just the start of his problems.*
Yamato: Is there something... sad, in your past?
Kyojin: Huh? Where'd that come from?
Yamato: It's just, your eyes look so sad sometimes.
Kyojin: Ugh. Where'd I go wrong to have a kid like you go analyzing my eyes?
Kyojin: The past, huh? ...Well, I got a long one, too.
Kyojin: It all began when the orphanage shut down... I'll stop there.
Kyojin: This'll just start a pity contest. Forget it.
*Had something actually happened to him?*
Kyojin: Look, my seedy past doesn't matter one bit.
Kyojin: What's important is the present!
Kyojin: ...What do you think's so bad about this old man?
Kyojin: Sure I'm never going to make it big and I don't pull in much money, but...
Kyojin: ...That about sums it up, doesn't it?
Kyojin: I'm so pathetic... A drink! Bring me a drink!
Yamato: Here's some tea.
Kyojin: I can't even get drunk when I want to...
*Even Mr. Beard had his troubles.*
*--On the rooftop.*
Umeko: Ahh...
Yamato: Oh, did something happen? You look really out of it.
Umeko: Naoe... Finals are almost upon you. You should spend your time after school studying at--
Yamato: Don't worry about me. I've been studying every night.
*I showed her a quiz from another subject. I'd gotten a perfect score.*
Umeko: You are putting up results? Then I suppose...
*The test had been really easy, and I was far from the only one to get a perfect score, but there was no need to mention that.*
*I certainly couldn't be expected to get a 100 on every test.*
Yamato: ...It's looked like you've had something on your mind since homeroom.
Umeko: I was certain I was normal.
Yamato: No. The difference was slight, but I could tell.
Yamato: When you let your guard down for just a moment, it shows through.
Umeko: ...That is quite the observant eye you have.
Umeko: Well... Since you already know, I'll come clean.
Umeko: Something is troubling me.
Yamato: What, did someone come to you with a marriage proposal?
Umeko: How...? How did you know that too?
Yamato: It was just a lucky guess.
Umeko: But yes, that's exactly what happened.
Umeko: My parents tell me he is an elite at a newspaper company, and an amazing catch.
Umeko: And while this is sudden, they want me to meet with him next week before he gets away.
Yamato: I see... But finals are coming up, and this isn't really the sort of thing you want dropped in your lap regardless.
Umeko: ...You are cunning to a fault.
Umeko: Yes, you are right.
Yamato: And you're searching for a reason to turn him down?
Umeko: Yes.
Yamato: At times like this, there's one thing for a man to do.
Yamato: I'll be your boyfriend.
Umeko: ...Naoe, you?
Yamato: Hmm, I do have a baby face... Let's say I'm a promising medical school graduate.
Yamato: I can pull off the role. It's my specialty.
Umeko: If I brought a boyfriend home, it would relieve my parents.
Umeko: They would probably throw a party in shock.
Yamato: Huh? Has it been that long since you last went out?
Umeko: I've never had a boyfriend, you see.
Yamato: You really have focused on your career.
Umeko: ...That's nothing more than an excuse.
Umeko: Regardless... I would like to try that.
Umeko: Lying to my mother is not to my liking, but she shouldn't be forcing me into this whole affair.
Yamato: And you don't want your life to be decided for you, right?
Umeko: Exactly.
Umeko: ...I am to meet with my parents next week, on Tanabata.
Umeko: What if I used that to introduce you to them?
Yamato: All right. Then let's do it, Umeko-san.
Umeko: U-Umeko-san?!
Yamato: I'm already getting into the act.
Umeko: You can seem so mature sometimes.
*Now I had plans for the 7th.*
*I waited, and waited.*
Yamato: ...What's taking so long? Why hasn't she signaled me yet?!
*The plan had been for her to call me by now.*
*She would start by having dinner with her mother.*
*Then I'd come into the restaurant, and she'd name me her boyfriend.*
*So why hadn't she called me?!*
*...Had something happened?*
*Well, all I could do was wait.*
*--Three hours later.*
*I waited with the patience of a saint.*
*But she hadn't so much as texted me!*
Yamato: Oh, Ms. Ume...
Umeko: ...Oh, Naoe... Hahahaha!
Yamato: A-Are you drunk?
Umeko: Doing well?!
Yamato: Yes, you most definitely are...
Umeko: You waited faithfully all this time? Good boy.
*She patted my head.*
Yamato: What happened?
Umeko: Well... Listen to this, Naoe.
Umeko: Before I could turn down the marriage proposal, it turns out he turned me down!
Yamato: Huh?
Umeko: He said he could never imagine marrying someone who was 28-years-old.
Umeko: He turned me down as soon as he heard my age.
Umeko: I've lost my chance to choose a man...
Umeko: Now I'm stuck waiting to be chosen!
Umeko: It's all over.
Umeko: ...Ooh, look at me now...
Yamato: Calm down.
Umeko: I wasted all that time worrying over how to say no, and now this.
Umeko: Is it too late for me? Did I wait too long?
Umeko: It's all over.
Yamato: Ume, nothing's over yet.
Yamato: Your life's barely even begun.
Umeko: A-Again you flatter me... I won't stand for this!
Yamato: U-Umm, what about your parents?
Umeko: They went home, saying they didn't have to worry about me since my boyfriend's nearby.
Yamato: Your boyfriend?
Umeko:  As in YOU!
Yamato: Gwah! That's one heck of a punch!
Umeko: ...Forget it.
Yamato: Ms. Ume?
Umeko: I spend 28 years focused on my career, and this is what it earns me.
Umeko: All that's left for me is to waste away...
Yamato: Aaaah.
*She'd fallen into the pits of despair.*
*As her student, I had to cheer her up.*
Yamato: Ms. Ume?
Umeko: Hmm?
Yamato: You are beautiful. That idiot's just too blind to see it.
Umeko: More flattery?
Yamato: Why won't you believe me when I say I mean it?!
*I hugged her.*
Yamato: You are so attractive.
Umeko: Naoe...
*I could tell she was thankful, but she was also really drunk.*
Umeko: ...Then prove it...
*She hugged me back.*
*...I-It couldn't be!*
*Was the alcohol carrying her away?*
*A-And was I going to take advantage of it?*
Yamato: (Damn straight!)
Yamato: (I'm not missing this chance to act out a scene from a porno!)
*I didn't even hesitate.*
*--At the hotel.*
Umeko: ...*kiss* *kiss*... Mm, Naoe.
Yamato: *kiss* *lick*
*We exchanged kisses.*
Yamato: You know... you're so gorgeous.
Umeko: Mmm, you lie down.
*She stood before me, beautiful and naked as the day she was born...*
*Like something out of a dream.*
Umeko: H-Here I go... Mmph.
Yamato: Mngh!
*Ms. Ume sunk down on top of my dick.*
**rip*... *tear**
Umeko: Ugh!
*She was wet, and I'd been enjoying the pleasure, but that sensation could mean only one thing.*
Yamato: So this really is your first time, isn't it?
Umeko: Gh, ugh... Don't be ridiculous. Mmph.
Yamato: But look, kh, ah, there's blood.
Umeko: Mnn, nmm... And what of it?
Umeko: Is there something wrong... With being a 28-year-old virgin?! Kh, ooh... Ah!
Yamato: Not at all. I mean, it's my first time too.
Yamato: I just, mmm, was worried you were in pain, ah!
Umeko: You don't need to worry yourself about me... Mmph!
Yamato: Ooh, your pussy... It's so warm.
Umeko: And your cock is scorching hot. Kh, ah... Mmm.
Umeko: Mnkh... Hau, mm... Mn, mm...
*Little by little, my penis crawled through the tight embrace of her walls.*
Umeko: Awah... It's all the way in... Mm.
*Her sticky love juice coiled around my member.*
Umeko: Heh, even I can perform, mm, just fine... Ah.
Umeko: I can feel your dick twitching inside me... Kh, hmph.
Yamato: And you're squeezing down on me with your entire body...
Umeko: Huff, huff... Huff, huff... Then I'll move...
Yamato: A-Are you sure?
Umeko: Spare me the needless worry. I am going to make you feel good, and that's that.
*Ms. Ume began to slowly move her hips up and down.*
Umeko: You're welcome to cum whenever you want, so... Mmm...
Umeko: Kweh, ahn... Hah, mn... Ah.
Yamato: Wah, those moist sounds are so dirty.
Umeko: Mn... Ah, mmm... Mn, hah.
Yamato: Doesn't it hurt, Ms. Ume?
Umeko: I told you not to worry... Mm, kh... Ah, ah!
Umeko: Your dick is sending electricity through me... Mm, it's starting to feel good.
Yamato: I-It is? Then maybe we were made for each other.
Umeko: ...Mnph! I-I wouldn't say that... Ah...
Yamato: (B-But even so...)
*Ms. Ume had always been so kind, yet strict.*
*And here we were, she stripped naked and me fucking her hard...*
*It was such a turn-on.*
Umeko: Ahn, kh, mnn... Heh, ah... W-Wow...
Umeko: Is your dick getting even bigger?
Yamato: Yeah, because your pussy feels so incredible.
Umeko: Heheh... Is it, now? Do I make you feel that good? Mmm.
Yamato: Yeah. You're so pretty, and cute too.
Umeko: Naoe...
*Her pussy clenched even tighter.*
Umeko: D-Don't expect me to appreciate such blatant flattery... Mnn, mmm...
**smack, slam, slam, smack**
Yamato: Whoa, the way you move your hips is just... My lower body feels like it's melting.
Umeko: Naoe, your expression... just now, mm, looks so cute too.
Yamato: ...Ooh... Ms. Ume...
*I started thrusting up from below.*
Umeko: Fwah! Ah, ahhhh...
Umeko: Huff... Huff. H-Hey, Naoe--Mmn...
Umeko: You can just lie there. Don't move...
Yamato: You're so cute, and this feels so good... I can't stop myself... My hips are moving.
Umeko: Fwah! ...Kh, ah... Ahhh, I told you not to, so why... Mmm.
Umeko: Hah, ah, you're pressing into me, mmph, so deep!
Umeko: Mnah, aweh, mnah, hah, mm, mnn!
Yamato: Ms. Ume... Let me make you feel even better.
Umeko: Mnkh, ah, I-I am your teacher, mn. I cannot let, mmph, my student get the better of me... Mnah.
*She moved her hips too.*
Umeko: Hah, ah! Ah, aweh, N-Naoe...
*I thrust up, shoving against the walls of her vagina.*
Umeko: Aweh, mm, you're putting so much pressure so deep inside me, mm, ah!
Umeko: Kwah, I-I'd heard that virgin men are usually quick to ejaculate.
Umeko: ...So why are you so amazing?
Yamato: I thought I took a while when I masturbate, and it looks like I was right.
Yamato: But you're so beautiful, Ms. Ume, that I don't think I can...
Umeko: I see... Mn, ah, auu...
Yamato: Do you cum quickly when you masturbate, Ms. Ume?
*I asked as I felt up her alluringly swaying boobs.*
Umeko: Haweh, I-I don't know. I don't think it takes me that long.
Umeko: Wait. How can you ask me that, you fool! Argh!
*Ms. Ume dropped her hips hard, stimulating my dick buried inside her.*
Yamato: Ugh, ah, mnkh...
Umeko: Hau,mmm, hah, aheh, mn, mmm...
*Hip slammed into hip.*
Umeko: Kh, hah, this truly is incredible, ah, ahhh!
*She twisted her sweaty, curvy body.*
Umeko: W-Wah, khn... Ah, ahh...
Umeko: Mmnn, m-my mind's going blank!
Yamato: Ms. Ume... Ms. Ume... I-I'm about to cum...
Umeko: Mmnn, hah, aweh... Y-Yes... As am I... I-I'm going to cum.
Yamato: Y-You don't mind if I cum inside you, right?
Umeko: No, cum inside me... Now! ...Mn, ah!
*Her walls constricted tight.*
Yamato: Mn! Ms. Ume!
*I shoved myself even deeper inside her.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: F-Fwaahh...! Mn, ahhh!
*I sprayed my hot semen deep inside her vagina.*
Umeko: Ahhh, fweh, ah, auu! N-Naoe!
*More cum poured into my homeroom teacher.*
Umeko: Ah... Kh, your hot stuff is still spilling into me.
*Spew... Spew... Spew...*
Umeko: Aweh... Hahh!
*Her walls clung to my ejaculating dick.*
Umeko: Y-Your stuff... It's filling me up... Ah, fwah!
Yamato: Th-There's still more! Mmph!
*Spew! Spurrrrt!*
Umeko: Ah, ahhh... There's still more...?
Umeko: Ah, ah... It's splashing inside me... Mnah.
*Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Fwah, aaaahhhhh! Aaahhhh!
Yamato: Ah, kh, did you have a second orgasm?
Umeko: Huff... Huff... Ahhh, m-my insides are melting...
*I ejaculated to my heart's content inside her.*
Yamato: However... I'm just... getting started.
*I slowly thrust up my hips.*
Umeko: Ahhh, kweh, N-Naoe?
Yamato: One time isn't nearly enough, Ms. Ume... I'm moving.
Umeko: Mn, fwah, ahh... Y-You haven't gone limp?
Yamato: This time, I'm moving from the start! Mmph!
Umeko: Fwah... I-Is yours special? ...Ah!
*Her membranes contracted a bit in response to my movement.*
Umeko: Mna, ahah... I can't believe it's still hard. Mn, ah!
Yamato: It's because you're squeezing down on me. I-It's so tight -- or rather, it's sucking on me...
Umeko: Aweh, hah, ah... Mnn...
*My thrusts churned the semen and love juice together.*
Umeko: Hah, ahah, you're rubbing inside me... Mn, ah.
Yamato: ...Mn, there! I'm rubbing my semen against your walls. Mnn.
Umeko: Fwaahhnn!
Yamato: Well? Does it feel good to get fucked?
Umeko: Aweh! Ah, ah, you're churning inside me...
Yamato: You're being turned on by a student?
Umeko: Mm! ...Ahah! D-Don't say that!
Yamato: There's no need to blush. Mmm, mm.
Umeko: Kh, it feels like you're scraping away my insides. Ah, mn, ah!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, could it be that you're extra sensitive beneath your belly button?
*I thrust up purposefully, aiming to touch my glans to it.*
Umeko: Fwah, mnah, ahhh, ahhh!
Yamato: Sounds like a yes... I'll have to fuck you there hard.
Umeko: Ahh, I-I never thought a man would drive me like this... Ah, mnkh, hah...
*She arched back from the pleasure.*
Yamato: You're getting even more moist inside. It must feel incredible.
Umeko: Ah, ahh, ahahn, mnah, ahhhn!
*She tossed her beautiful hair, and her ample bosom jiggled.*
Umeko: W... Wait... Wait, Naoe. S-Stop, ah!
Yamato: I won't wait! Take this! And this!
*Now was when I needed to go even harder.*
Umeko: Hwah, ah, Naoe, if I cum again, I won't be able to control myself, ah!
Yamato: Go ahead. Show me every side of yourself!
Umeko: Fwah, ahh, ah, mnaahhh...! You're getting even bigger! Ahhh!
Yamato: C'mon. Show me your O-face.
Umeko: Oooh, I'm 28-years-old, and you're so young, and you're having your way with me... Ah, ahah, ah!
Yamato: Yeah, your student's making you cum -- that's cute! I'm cumming too!
*I shoved my hips, heading into the final stretch.*
Umeko: Ahh, ahhh, you're so rough, i-it feels so good...
Umeko: Ahhh, ahhh!
*My mind was blank. I just fucked away.*
Yamato: I'm cumming... Ms. Ume... I'm cumming...
Umeko: Ahhhh, ahhhhh! I'm cumming too...
Yamato: Mmph!
*I slammed up, making sure my glans reached the deepest part of her vagina.*
*Buried in her to the hilt, I unleashed my stream.*
*Spurrrt! Spew! Spurt, spurt...*
Umeko: Mnaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!
*I came into her already cum-drenched pussy.*
Umeko: Ahhh! There's so much, it's incredible! Ahh, ah, ah!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Haaahhh! One hot load after another--Ahhhh!
*A cloudy, white liquid poured from our point of union.*
Umeko: Ah, I-I'm cumming again, ahh, you cumming inside me is making me cum... Kwaahhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Hah, mn, ahhh, aweh, it's spilling out...
*More and more shot towards her womb.*
*......*
*Even after I ejaculated, I remained inside her.*
Umeko: Fwah... Ah... Ah... Ah, Naoe!
*She zealously went after my lips.*
Umeko: Mn... *lick, lick, smack, slurp*...
Yamato: Nmm... *kiss, slurp*
Umeko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Ms. Ume...
*Her eyes had gone blank.*
*She was normally such a stern woman, but all that harshness had melted into love.*
Umeko: Whew... Huff... And you're still hard. Incredible.
Umeko: Let's have more sex, Naoe...
Yamato: Ms. Ume?
Umeko: I want more! Huff, huff.
*She was completely turned on.*
Umeko: Huff... Huff... What's wrong, Naoe? ...Mnah.
Umeko: Move... Move like you did before, and make me feel good.
Yamato: Ms. Ume... The way you're moving your hips feels amazing.
Umeko: Mm... Heheh, does it now? Mmm... Like this?
Umeko: Hey, you move too. I know it's still hard. Mmph.
*As if answering her demand, I moved my hips.*
Umeko: Hau... Ah, mm, yes, yes, this is it! Mmph!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, there's spit dribbling from your mouth. It's fucking hot.
Umeko: Mmn, want to drink it? ...*slurp*
Yamato: Mm... I-It's so sweet...
Umeko: Aww, huff, ah, ahhh, mn, it's touching inside me!
Umeko: You're touching right where it turns me on, ahh, it's so good.
Yamato: Right here?
Umeko: Fwah, ah, ahhn, y-yes, ah, ahhh!
Umeko: Kweh, mn, Naoe, you've gotten even bigger inside me.
Umeko: Ah, ahh, mm, I love how manly your dick is! Mmph!
Yamato: Your insides are moving... It feels so good.
*I put more strength into my thrusts.*
Umeko: Mnah, aweh, mn, mnah, it's reverberating so deep...
Umeko: I'm going numb... Yes, Naoe, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, you must be enjoying it. Mn, kh, ah!
Umeko: Huff, ah, mnfh, ahh... It feels so good!
Umeko: It's like your cock's thrusting up into me! Mnn!
Yamato: Mn, call me Yamato, Umeko.
Umeko: Mnah, kh. Hey, mn, no honorifics for your teacher? Ah!
Yamato: Please, Umeko!
*I thrust extra deep into her.*
Umeko: Huff, kh...! Mnaahhhh!
Yamato: Say my name, Umeko. (I slammed up into her.)
Umeko: Fwah, wahhh! Hah, Y-Yamato...
Yamato: Umeko... You're so cute.
Umeko: Ahhh! D-Don't say that. Mnah, ahhh!
Yamato: Umeko... Umeko!
Umeko: Aweh... Mm, Yamato!
Umeko: Yamato, your cock got bigger still? Unbelievable.
Yamato: Yeah, I was just thinking about how I've made you mine.
Umeko: Hau, what makes you think that? Mnn, don't get ahead of yourself.
Yamato: But Umeko, you're squeezing down on me so tightly.
Yamato: It's beyond incredible. I can't imagine life without you already.
Yamato: So I want you to be enchanted by me too! Mnph!
Umeko: Mm, ahhh, I can't get enough, hah, hahhhh!
Yamato: Umeko!
*I grabbed her jiggling melons and groped them.*
Umeko: Ah, ahh, my breasts are so hot... Kh, mnn...
*Then I took to pinching her nipples.*
Umeko: Aweh... Ah, a-all right... Yamato!
Umeko: I, mnah, ah, cannot live without you... either... Ahhh!
Umeko: So, more... ah, make me feel even better, Yamato!
Yamato: I will, Umeko!
Umeko: Huff, huff, huff, huff!
Yamato: Mm, mm, mm...
*Our hips struck in perfect rhythm as we climbed towards climax.*
Umeko: Ahh, yes... More, Yamato, more!
Yamato: There! Hah!
Umeko: Hauuu, ahh, ahhhh!
Yamato: Your moans are cute too, Umeko.
Umeko: Kwahhh! Ahh! Yamato, I'm about to -- mnaahh!
Umeko: I'm going to cum again... You're so amazing, I can't stop!
Yamato: Mn, cum... Umeko, I'm cumming too...
*Umeko's pussy squished down hard.*
Umeko: Ah, aaaahhhhhhh!
*With that bewitching cry, she reached her peak.*
*I grabbed her hips as she shivered with ecstasy and pistoned hard.*
Umeko: Wah?! Ah, Yamato, wait... Kh, ahhh!
Umeko: I'm so sensitive after just cumming--ah, ahh, ah!
Umeko: Kweh, ah, ahhh, yah, mn, fwahn!
Umeko: Aheh, it's happening again... Kh, I'm cumming... Ah!
Yamato: Kh, me too!
Umeko: Mnahhh! Ah, ahhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
*Another wave of semen flowed into her.*
Umeko: Ooh, ah, hah... I-It's coming inside me... Mmm.
Umeko: Your hot stuff's flowing... into me... and I'm... Ah, ah, ahhhh!
Umeko: I-I'm cumming again, ugh, ooooh!
Yamato: Umeko... It's so cute how you cum again and again.
Umeko: Aweh? D-Don't watch, filthy idiot...
Yamato: But I can't look away.
Umeko: Y-You uncultured swine...
Yamato: I'm going to feel up your boobs.
Umeko: Aweh...
*Enjoying her pussy, I unleashed every last drop into her vagina.*
*.........*
Umeko: Yamato... *kiss* mnf... *kiss* mn... *lick*... Mnn...
Yamato: Umeko... *smack*...
*We shared passionate kisses, our bodies pressed together.*
Umeko: Yama... to... *kiss*... Mmm...
Umeko: Mmm, mm... Mm...
*Even as the night turned to dawn, we still continued.*
Umeko: Mm... *kiss*... *lick*... *kiss, smack*
*And as we kissed, Umeko worked my still-erect penis with her hands.*
Umeko: *kiss, kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Ah, I'm cumming.
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Wow, another amazing load...
Yamato: Can you clean it up with your mouth, Umeko?
Umeko: Yes, I'll drink it.
Umeko: Hamph... *slurp* *suck* *gulp*
Umeko: *smack, smack, lick, slurp... Gulp*
Yamato: Ahh, Umeko...
*I buried my face in her sweaty ass and licked her asshole.*
Umeko: Mm, kh... Even there? Ah, ah!
*And so the night of passion continued.*
*--The next day.*
Yamato: Good morning, Ms. Ume.
Umeko: Ah. Hello, Naoe.
Umeko: Where are your usual friends?
Yamato: I came early because I wanted to speak with you, Ms. Kojima.
Umeko: W-With me?
Yamato: Yes... Come over here.
Umeko: Wh-What are you talking about?
Yamato: Don't be so cold, Umeko.
Umeko: ......!!!
Yamato: Let's talk about our future!
Umeko: ...Ahem. Oh, that.
Umeko: Mm... That was a truly wonderful memory.
Yamato: Hm?
Umeko: But, as a teacher, it's wrong to be involved with a student.
Yamato: Huh? Don't tell me you're...?
Umeko: Let's go back to the way things were.
Umeko: Until you're a bit more mature, at least.
*She smiled softly as the words left her lips.*
Yamato: ...Wait. You think that's it?
Umeko: Huh?
Yamato: Normally things would end here with me accepting that I can't push back against a teacher...
*I took her hand.*
Yamato: But I won't accept that!
*I proceeded to feel up her chest.*
Umeko: Fwah?! H-Hey, Naoe!
Yamato: Just call me Yamato.
Yamato: I know you're holding back, Umeko.
*Squeeze!*
Umeko: Kweh... Ah, a-are you finished yet?!
*Her elbow blasted at my face.*
*And I let it hit me.*
Umeko: What?
*I felt dazed for a moment, but I hung in through sheer willpower.*
Umeko: You surely could have evaded that. Why did you let me hit you?
Yamato: I won't run away! I'm going to accept you, Umeko!
Umeko: Wh-What are you? ...Ah, mm!
*I stole a kiss from her lips.*
Yamato: Umeko, you're cute.
Umeko: Wahhh...
Yamato: Let's overcome the barrier between student and teacher.
Umeko: That is simply unaccepta--Nmm.
Umeko: Mn... *kiss*... *lick*... Pwah!
Yamato: I'm not the kind of person who'd take that for an answer.
Yamato: If you'd like, how about another round of passion?
Yamato: We'll have to retitle this game 'The Reason Ms. Ume Can't Come to Class.'
Umeko: Y-You're not even making any sense.
Yamato: Now, come over here.
Umeko: I would never do that... Nn, mm.
*I stole her lips.*
Umeko: Mm... Hah.
Yamato: I'll shower you with love, so come.
Umeko: What...? What...?
*I pulled her away.*
Umeko: B-But how? I'm 28... Yet, I'm being led around by my student.
Yamato: You're such a naughty 28-year-old.
Umeko: Kh... F-Fine... At any rate.
Umeko: For now, let things be normal at school.
Umeko: If you have business with me, we can speak after.
Yamato: ......
Umeko: (Now, give me your best retort. Try to drag me along. I will deny you with every ounce of my breath.)
Yamato: All right. We can't give up our lives, either, now can we?
Umeko: Oh?!
Yamato: But that means I'll see you after school, Umeko. You're starting late, so you have a lot to learn.
Umeko: D-Don't make a fool out of me! I'm off to class.
Umeko: I expect you to be right behind me.
Yamato: All right, Umeko.
Umeko: Gh...
Umeko: (Yet strangely, I cannot bring myself to be angry at him.)
Umeko: (How would it feel, to be trained by someone so young?)
Umeko: (No, what am I even thinking?)
*I waited for Umeko to leave.*
Yamato:  Damn, that hurt!
Yamato: Wah, blood's streaming from my nose!
Yamato: ...But that worked better than I'd hoped.
Yamato: I just have to keep pushing!
Momoyo: Hm? Hey, Yamato
Momoyo: Whoa. Little bro, did someone hit you in the nose?
Momoyo: Here, have a tissue.
Yamato: Oh, I didn't even have to ask... Thanks.
Momoyo: Who did that to you? I'll make sure they regret it.
Yamato: Oh, it's fine. Don't worry about it.
Momoyo: Wait, what? Now I'm more worried!
Yamato: It's nothing. Just a lover's quarrel with an older woman.
Momoyo: What?!
*Nee-san threw herself backwards.*
Momoyo: When in the world did you hook up?
*And then she closed back in.*
Yamato: Well, things aren't official. They're just getting more complicated right now.
Momoyo: ...Well, then let it fall apart.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: How do I put this... You're my lil' bro.
Momoyo: I don't want any other woman taking you away!
Momoyo: I won't my favorite little puppy be stolen from me!
Yamato: Nwah!
*She hugged me.*
*Come to think of it, her affection value for me was pretty high too.*
Momoyo: What I'm saying is, you're mine!
*--I realized something.*
*I was currently Mr. Popular!*
*This is where I began my new life of loving women who'd aged like fine wine!*
====================act_j_翔一シナリオ.bin====================: Huh? Capt's door was shut.
Yamato: He's not home yet?
Cookie: Oh, if you're looking for my Meister, he's out right now.
Yamato: That's right. He did say he was paid recently.
*I had a pretty good idea where he'd wound up...*
Shouichi: Whoa, this gelato's good!
Mitsuru: Yes, the flavor is stronger than what you can find at any other store. I recommend the vanilla.
Shouichi: I'd rather go for a mix. That way, I can taste tons of flavors at once!
Mitsuru: Well, I'm glad to see you're enjoying it so much.
Shouichi: But given how good it tastes, how come there's so few people?
Mitsuru: Well, it's hard to see the store from the main road.
Shouichi: I love these kinds of holes in the wall. Just hearing about a hidden gem makes me pumped!
Mitsuru: Around here, the most well-known place is that one.
Shouichi: La Marna Kawakami? Didn't some newspaper call that building famous?
Mitsuru: Within is a store called La Mar Puer. Their sweets are absolutely scrumptious.
Shouichi: Right, then that's where we're going next! I know you're game, right, Kuma-chan?
Mitsuru: I always have room for more sweets.
Chika: Mar's truffle muffin was so good
Mayo: Yes, it was.
Mayo: ... But I wish it wasn't so expensive.
Chika: Well, it was a premium sweet, with real truffes au chocolat.
Mayo: But I feel bad for my little brothers and sisters. I wish they got to have some, too.
Chika: Oh, Mayo. You have to reward yourself. As the big sister, you can't start wearing a frown around the house.
Mayo: That's right. I'll make up for it by helping out my family!
Mitsuru: Ogasawara-san and Amakasu-san are really close.
Shouichi: They already ate there? Before me? I've been beaten to the punch?!
Mitsuru: Now, now. No need to be so flustered.
Shouichi: I can't afford to fall one more minute behind!
Mayo: Whoa! That surprised me!
Chika: Uh... Was that Kazama-kun?
Mitsuru: ...Huff, huff. You're too fast. I can't keep up.
Mayo: Kumagai-san, good day!
Mitsuru: Yeah, good day.
Chika: If you're here, Kuma-chan, then that must have really been Kazama-kun.
Shouichi: Sweet, I bought up everything I could!
Chika: Already?!
Mitsuru: That's quite a haul.
Mayo: If you eat too many snacks, you won't have any room left for dinner.
Shouichi: Nope, I can eat it all!
Mayo: Kazama-chan, you are such a child.
Chika: Oh, you haven't eaten yet? Then we should so go out somewhere together.
Shouichi: Nope! I'm heading straight back to the dorm and devouring these sweets!
Chika: Huh? You're eating all of those in one day?!
Shouichi: Sure am! You only get to live each day once!
Mitsuru: You're right. I can't hold myself back, either. *om nom nom*
Mayo: Wah! When did you buy all those?
Chika: Kuma-chan, you are just so incredible too. I could totally never do that.
*......*
Shouichi: And that's what happened, Yamato.
Yamato: So you weren't able to eat them all?
Shouichi: I can't believe I miscalculated so badly.
*And yet he'd unwrapped all of them.*
Yamato: You have to know your own limits.
Shouichi: I don't have limits, 'cause if I ever felt like I did, it'd all be over!
Yamato: Then you'll have to eat them all. *smile*
Shouichi: Screw that. The last time I tried to force down food, I got a nosebleed.
Yamato: You make absolutely no sense sometimes, Capt.
Shouichi: Still, it's a good thing Kuma-chan was out there with me.
Yamato: Gourmets like him always know the best places to eat, yeah.
Shouichi: But you know, then these girls just had to walk up and start talking to us.
Yamato: Why would you complain about that?!
Shouichi: Because we were tryin' to focus on our food!
Shouichi: But Kuma-chan's super gentle, so he stopped and talked them up.
Shouichi: Though now that I think about it, girls are always stayin' away when I'm out with Gakuto or Moro.
Yamato: That's... kinda sad, in a way.
Shouichi: ...And I'm completely out of money. How'd that even happen?
Yamato: Because you bought too much, obviously.
Shouichi: Or maybe it's because prices in Japan are way too high!
Yamato: I won't deny that, but you also went for some extra expensive treats.
*Especially once you factored in tariffs.*
Shouichi: I just swam with the flow and wound up buying everything... Probably shouldn't have, but I regret nothing.
Yamato: Then I'd better not hear you complain about Nee-san ever again.
Shouichi: I just wanted to eat it all!
Yamato: What are you, a child? *glared*
Shouichi: Wh-What gives? Dude, don't get angry at me.
Yamato: Wanko's childish enough for all of us.
*Despite all this, Capt was really popular with the ladies.*
*I had heard girls like baby faces, but...*
Shouichi: I'm Capt! I'm awesome!
*...It was hard to imagine a girl going out with someone this childish.*
Yamato: Weren't Ogasawara-san and Mayo-san there, too?
Shouichi: Yeah, and next time, I won't lose. I'll be the first one to eat at a place!
Yamato: Wait, what?
*Especially when that was how he reacted to the girls in our class.*
Shouichi: Well, they're good, I'll give them that. Next time, we gotta all head down there.
Yamato: Sure, once Nee-san has the money for it.
Shouichi: I'll let you be the judge of that, Yamato.
Yamato: Thanks for always giving me the worst jobs.
Shouichi: We all gotta play our parts, Tactician.
Yamato: You're not wrong. I do have my own role.
*Though I didn't particularly like being Nee-san's assistant.*
Miyako: Ugh... We've finally gotten away from school.
*A shiver ran down my spine.*
Miyako: Now I can be all over you.
Yamato: Umm, could you please not pat my ass?
Miyako: Heh heh heh. Looks like you have good child-bearing hips, mister.
*She continued to feel me up with the technique of a skilled molester.*
Yamato: Stop it. Capt's watching!
Shouichi: Oh, I've got work to get to. See ya.
*And there went the only witness.*
Miyako: Capt sure knows how to take a hint.
Yamato: He's a natural at being an airhead. Honestly, I'm not even mad.
Miyako: Yeap, just as I'm a natural at being pure.
Yamato: A natural pervert, maybe.
Bookstore Owner: Bandana, you're always cuttin' it close with your shift.
Shouichi: But I've never been late.
Bookstore Owner: Your time card always reads *:59, don't it?!
Shouichi: That's the kind of thrill that gets me totally pumped!
Bookstore Owner: If you're even one second late, you'll be workin' for 30 minutes for free, ya idiot!
Shouichi: Eh, no biggie. I'd just work 30 minutes of overtime.
Bookstore Owner: I don't make enough to pay overtime... Look, just go organize the books.
Shouichi: Hey, you've got a new one in.
Bookstore Owner: The book's new, but it was first published 30 years ago.
Shouichi: So you're sayin' maybe I'd find some differences if I read both?
Bookstore Owner: I'm gettin' stuff like this all the time, so I can promise you it'll be dead stock.
Shouichi: But I've never seen this book at any other store.
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot. Like hell you'd see them. No store can mimic my selection.
Bookstore Owner: Hm? Hey, we got a customer.
Suguru: Is this store still here? If only they carried doujins...
Ikurou: And first off, what sort of bookstore doesn't have anything 18+ laid out?
Suguru: One cannot deny the import of the erotic. Spunk and tentacles are eternal.
Ikurou: A bookstore with no erotic books, no erotic DVD's, and nothing to masturbate to or with is no bookstore to me!
Bookstore Owner: Dammit, you're getting in the way of my business. Get lost, ya idiots!
Ikurou: Wah! Sorry!
Bookstore Owner: Still, those idiots did have a point.
Shouichi: They're them, and we're us, right?
Bookstore Owner: Where'd that tone come from, ya idiot?
Bookstore Owner: But you're right. I can't change my convictions.
Shouichi: You like historical stuff, right? I mean, you've got tons of stuff by Shiba and Endo and the rest of those guys.
Bookstore Owner: Damn straight! There's tons we've gotta learn from those who came before us.
Shouichi: History's pretty sweet. I love it too!
*We were watching all of that from afar.*
Miyako: There is absolutely nobody there.
Yamato: Yeah. Their lineup is just too niche.
*Popular historical novels could be found just about anywhere, and few sought the niche stuff.*
Yamato: Unless he does something, I figure he's got about two months left.
Miyako: It doesn't really matter to me if the bookstore goes under, but Capt's really fond of it.
Yamato: Even so, there's nothing we can do.
Miyako: We'll just have to cheer him up when the time comes.
Yamato: ...Yeah, I guess.
*Though I doubted that would be the end of it.*
Shouichi: Huh? You guys didn't head home?
Yamato: Well...
Miyako: Hey.
Shouichi: Don't come here and immediately start standing around and reading everything!
Miyako: But how will I know if it's worth reading without reading it?
Shouichi: Every book's worth reading. Just look at this one.
Miyako: Hmm, hmm.
*She started to leaf through a bulky hardcover.*
Shouichi: This book's been sitting here unsold since I started out, but it's totally interesting!
Yamato: Capt, you should try to understand your friends a little better.
Shouichi: Are you sayin' I, the Capt, can't understand my friends?
Miyako: Oh? This... isn't bad.
*She started to lose herself in the book.*
Bookstore Owner: Hey, Bandana! Why the heck are you invitin' her to stand around and read?!
Shouichi: Nah, this is so she can learn just how awesome books are.
Bookstore Owner: You're keepin' the customers you should drive off, and drivin' off the ones you should keep. You buyin' that or not, short-cut?
Miyako: I'll decide later.
*She returned the book to Capt.*
Yamato: You look busy. We'll see you back home.
Shouichi: Yeah. Wait for me back in your room.
*And so Capt spent another day hard at work.*
*A number of students had gathered again today in the gamblers' den.*
Ikurou: Sweet! I beat Aoi Touma himself!
Touma: I lost? Shall we play again, at twice the rate?
Ikurou: I'm not gonna lose. Be warned, I'm cleaning house.
Gakuto: I too shall go double-or-nothing! I can't let Capt and Yamato hog the spotlight.
Touma: I have no objection to that, of course. However, we lack a fourth player. May I ask that Yuki join us?
Koyuki: Huh? But I don't even know the rules to Mahjong.
Touma: I will cover whatever losses you incur.
Ikurou: An easy mark. I'll make you scream like a virgin.
*However, this wasn't the place to find a fair game.*
Koyuki: I win off Monkey-face!
Ikurou: Hey, hey. That was only your fifth turn!
Gakuto: There's no way it's a big hand anyways.
Koyuki: What's this worth? There's so many tiles with kanji on them!
Ikurou: Aieeeeee!
Touma: That is Tsuuiisou (All honors), a yakuman.
Koyuki: Is that good?
Touma: It is. Very well done.
Koyuki: He-hee.
*Here, the winners and losers were decided before the first hand was dealt.*
Ikurou: It's all over. The money I was going to use to buy the erotic DVD that came out today, gone.
Gakuto: I too am in the hole, dammit.
*And the easy marks were hunted down as a matter of course.*
Touma: I haven't caught a glimpse of Yamato-kun here today.
Takuya: Oh, he's reading a book in the classroom.
Touma: Is he now? A pity.
Touma: (Even now, he networks. By all means, gather the information you treasure.)
*Of course, they'd been trapped and cheated.*
*In that game of mahjong, victory was always assured.*
Koyuki: Touma wins today too. Yay, yay!
Gakuto: Do you think we should bring Yamato here?
Takuya: Just give up. You're the one who didn't quit when you could.
Gakuto: Today's just a lucky day for Leos. That's all there is to it.
Takuya: Is that really all?!
Gakuto: I always check the daily fortune. The ladies love talkin' about fortunes.
Takuya: The channel I watch said Leos would have horrible luck today.
Gakuto: Damn you. So this is your fault?!
Takuya: How can you blame me?!
Koyuki: Touma doesn't need luck. He won't lose to anybody.
Touma: And yet there are those whom I would rather not face.
Koyuki: Really?
*She followed Touma's eyes to...*
Jun: Hey, hey, I got 4-5-6. So, what'll you do?
Touma: Haha. I would expect no less from Jun.
Koyuki: You don't want to face Jun?
Touma: Jun is a precious friend of mine. He would never seek to bar my path.
Koyuki: Then you mean... him?
*She was pointing at none other than...*
Shouichi: So long as I'm not 100% out, there's no way I'm losing.
Jun: Not even you can pull this off. When luck alone decides the day, only the Buddha knows how the dice will fall.
Shouichi: Nah, I got this covered. Justice can move heaven!
*In this place, where victory and defeat was set in stone, stood one true gambler.*
Touma: Not even I am that beloved by the heavens.
*The dice he rolled were standard dice.*
Touma: Where he has stepped foot is a place beyond the reach of ingenuity and probability.
*He tossed the dice casually into the bowl. They rattled and clashed before finally falling still.*
Jun: What... the...
*All three dice landed with a single red pip facing up.*
Shouichi: And there you have it. Snake eyes means I get paid double the rate.
Touma: There truly are men whom fortune favors.
Jun: That money was meant for good kids all over the world, dammit!
Takuya: He looks like he meant it.
Touma: Heh heh. That is quite the disaster.
Jun: My apologies, Young Master...
Touma: Think nothing of it, we made more than enough to offset any losses. Shall we head home?
Shouichi: Touma, you gotta give me a crack at you too!
Touma: Though I do appreciate the invitation to a date, today I must decline.
Touma: (Alas, I have no traps ready for you.)
Shouichi: Tch. And here I figured I was gonna get back what Gakuto lost.
Touma: Then let us meet here again sometime.
*Despite all that had happened, his expressions and sentiments remained full of composure.*
*The sapient beast still smiled.*
*And only the one behind the mask knew the reason why.*
*......*
*......*
*Everyone had gathered at the secret base.*
Yamato: I spent today further expanding my network at school.
Yukie: Auuu, I spent another day not making any new friends.
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you did your best there. You were this close to chattin' up that girl sittin' two seats over.
Chris: Would that not mean you did not even talk?
Takuya: I told Aoi-kun exactly what you told me to say, Yamato.
Yamato: How'd he react?
Takuya: Umm, he seemed... disappointed?
Yamato: ...I see.
*I hadn't expected anything major, but I tried to do what I could.*
*Although, my odds of victory would increase if I could get him to underestimate me.*
Takuya: So about Gakuto and Yonpachi...
Gakuto: I told you to shut up about that!
Yamato: Tell me.
*......*
*I got most of the story from Moro.*
Yamato: Those mahjong tiles are cheap and mass-produced. He can exchange them at will.
Gakuto: If you knew that, why didn't you say so?!
Yamato: If I had, what would you have done?
Gakuto: I would have done it first. Then I'd be the richest man alive!
Yamato: So it's a good thing I stayed quiet.
*There was no way the beasts at the gambling den would sit back and watch that happen.*
Yamato: Anyways, Capt, I heard you won big.
Shouichi: Yeah, but I already squandered all that away.
Yamato: Again? What the heck?!
Shouichi: I got beat in a game of High-Low.
*That was a game of poker where a player goes for double or nothing.*
*The player would try to guess whether the next card will be bigger or smaller than the previous.*
*The number-guessing game I'd played against Aoi was based on it.*
Shouichi: We played without jokers, with deuces low and aces high. So if a 3 comes up, what do you bet on?
Yamato: Well, obviously, I'd bet high.
Shouichi: But that's totally lame. I bet on that 2 showing up!
Yamato: Even when the odds are less than 10%?
Shouichi: If I bet high against you, I'm sure I'd lose out.
Yamato: Well yeah, because I'd have a trick up my sleeve.
*You had to keep in mind whether or not the game was rigged.*
Shouichi: But it drove me so nuts that I kept on playing and wound up even more money than I won the first time. Yay!
Yamato: Could you stop that? I'll lose my place here.
Yukie: Th-That's incredible, Capt-san!
Chris: It is an ill custom.
Momoyo: For some reason, no one wants to go against me.
Gakuto: Probably because you're such a sore loser.
Momoyo: But isn't a sulking beautiful girl totally cute?
Yamato: Yeah, and the girls who throw you out the window are the cutest of all.
Momoyo: Hey, I only threw the ones who cheated.
Yamato: Nee-san, let's be honest here. You just want to throw people, right?
Momoyo: To be honest, pretty much.
*She only still went there because she knew they cheated.*
Miyako: Ahh... Book finished.
Shouichi: How was it?
Miyako: Not bad.
*She'd read the book Capt had recommended earlier.*
Shouichi: Great, then go buy it.
Miyako: But I finished reading it. (She returned the book to the shelf.)
Shouichi: What the hell ya doing, ya idiot?!
*He was sounding like the owner, again.*
Takuya: You're letting yourself be influenced too much by him.
Shouichi: I guess I've been thinkin' about the guy ever since the karaoke tournament.
Miyako: Your job at the bookstore is the only one you've stuck with.
*Otherwise, he'd mostly stuck to short gigs at eateries.*
Momoyo: Just looking at the books there makes my head hurt.
Yamato: It really is a bookstore for diehards.
Shouichi: But that's just another upside. And he's got way more children's novels and picture books than you'd think.
*Which meant his wares completely skipped over anything for our generation.*
Shouichi: You come to the store a lot, right, Miyako? So you must get why it's good.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. Online shopping is so convenient.
Shouichi: Buy the stuff there at our store!
Kazuko: Hey hey, what's everyone talking about?!
*Just back from running, Wanko dove into the conversation.*
Yamato: We're talking about the bookstore where Capt works.
Kazuko: Zzz...
*She was so uninterested that she immediately fell asleep.*
Momoyo: That goes to show how little we need difficult books like those.
Yamato: You could try to be a little less blunt.
Momoyo: But again, I have to be cute.
Shouichi: But still, there aren't nearly enough people walking in through the door.
Yamato: You feel that way, too?
Shouichi: Anyone can see it. That's probably why we've got authors coming in incognito to buy research materials.
Miyako: The problem is that you're not allowed to stand around and read.
Shouichi: Of course you can't. It's not some used bookstore.
*But it was also true that customers weren't coming because the owner was so stubborn.*
*Although I did feel like there was a more fundamental problem.*
Yamato: Well, let's just all relax and think it over.
*At the time, that was what I thought we should do.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*I'd been thinking about someone for a while...*
*Our leader, Kazama Shouichi.*
*He was selfish, childish, and a huge gambler.*
*A man like a passing wind, liable to vanish at any moment.*
*And yet, he was our leader.*
*He just did whatever he wanted, yet we all found ourselves drawn to him.*
*He had the kind of charisma that made you feel like, if you followed his lead, everything would turn out fine.*
*Was he perfect? Not even close. But he was friendly and reliable.*
*Though you didn't want to talk to him about girls.*
*However, I was worried about Capt, the way he was.*
*In all the time I'd known him, he'd never experienced failure.*
*What happens to heroes when they fall?*
*How would Capt respond if he fell?*
*Summer had just begun.*
*When I woke up early and went to get a breath of fresh air...*
Gakuto: Hey, Yamato. We start wearin' our summer uniforms today!
Yamato: Yeah. So why does the first person I see in a summer uniform have to be you?
*I should've just waited in my room for Miyako to wake me up.*
Gakuto: Freed from the confines of my blazer, nothin' can stop me now!
Miyako: Yamato, did you want to see Gakuto in a summer uniform more than you wanted to see me in one?
Yamato: And that makes you blush why?
*What a strange misunderstanding.*
Yamato: I didn't expect Gakuto to be here this early.
Gakuto: Wanko dragged me here.
Kazuko: The summer uniforms make me unstoppable too!
Yamato: Because you're the same as ever, yeah.
Miyako: Eeek! I want Yamato to poke me... I mean, poke fun at me too!
*With Moro not here, I had to pick up the slack.*
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm gonna run another lap!
Kazuko: Gakuto, you come too! Your body's not just for show, right?
Gakuto: Fine by me, Wanko. I will not lose.
*The muscleheads rushed off.*
Miyako: Food's ready.
Yamato: I'm heading in now.
Tadakatsu: You're damn late, Naoe.
Yamato: You were waiting for me, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: Don't get me wrong. I just didn't want people whinin' 'cause I started by myself.
Yukie: Good morning.
Yamato: You look pumped today, Mayucchi.
Chris: Japanese food is so grand, just like the country.
*Chris continued sipping her green tea.*
Tadakatsu: Kazama still ain't here?
Yamato: I'll go call him.
*On my way to his room, I ran into Cookie.*
Cookie: Yamato, Meister's--
Yamato: Yeah. He left us a note.
* Going on a journey!*
Cookie: What is he thinking?
Yamato: At least he was kind enough to leave a note.
*This always happened.*
*Everyone except for our leader was here.*
Takuya: Has Capt earned enough credits?
Yamato: His grades are good, and we aren't in the advanced class, so he should be fine.
Gakuto: He's not nearly as bad as Kuki.
Kazuko: ...Ahaha.
Chris: One should not skip so many classes. We must reform him.
Momoyo: I don't think that's happening.
Yamato: He'll never listen, no matter how many times you say it.
Chris: And yet everyone else is being so studious.
Takuya: But Wanko's always fast asleep.
Momoyo: So am I.
Kazuko: Hey, I'm awake for Ms. Ume's lessons.
Yamato: Only because she gives a lot less leeway than any of the other teachers.
*With her, it was best to just stay awake.*
Chris: The very idea of sleeping during class is alien to me.
Yamato: Let it go. People are just tired.
Chris: I especially cannot get out of my mind what Oogushi-dono says in his sleep.
Takuya: Suguru does watch all of the late-night anime. And there's a lot of good shows this season.
Chris: One ought to mind how much time one spends sleeping.
Yukie: Umm, I don't think it's really good to sleep during class, either...?
Matsukaze: Nice job gettin' stuff back on track before they all got sidetracked!
Chris: You truly are one to do what is right.
Yukie: O-Oh, no. I'm nothing compared to you, Chris!
Matsukaze: If only my girl Mayucchi'd been born one year earlier with the rest of ya.
Takuya: You're extolling Chris while also giving yourself a strong pitch, I see.
Yamato: I don't know whether to call you skilled or clumsy.
*Then we came to the Bridge of Weirdos.*
Margit: While on the bridge, you will raise your right hand and walk boldly down the right-hand side.
Chris: Well done, Mar-san. I would expect you to be doing the right thing.
Takuya: Looks like the bridge has found itself a few new friends.
*The girls from countries that drive on the right were walking their own path.*
Koyuki: Oh, they're like a bunch of soldiers.
Jun: Looks like we've got another oddball in our class.
Koyuki: Shoot them, hang them, lethal injection 
Jun: Hey, don't ad-lib a song that disturbing.
Kazuko: Hey, Yamato, hurry up.
Yamato: Nah, we have to wait a little longer. We don't want anyone to think we're with them.
*Once they were a good distance ahead, we crossed the bridge.*
*--In homeroom that morning.*
Umeko: Oogushi and Kazama are absent?
Suguru: Curses, I overslept!
Umeko: Stand still, uncultured swine!
Suguru: Gahh! The pain of reality is upon me!
Suguru: Well, fine! This is trifling before the pain of stepping on an in-game landmine!
Chika: As if anyone sane would choose to enter now.
*Being absent was much less punishing than being late.*
*Or at least, that was how it seems from the outside.*
Umeko: Naoe, where is Kazama?
*I stood.*
Yamato: He left on a journey.
Mayo: A what?
Takuya: (Yamato's usually not that blunt...)
Umeko: Again? He truly is a troublesome one.
*His permanent record must be becoming a disaster zone, but Ms. Ume didn't say anything else.*
*--At lunchtime.*
Kazuko: What's today's news?
Miyako: So then... (I'll add chili peppers to Kazuko's lunch.)
Kazuko: Whoa! Close one.
Miyako: Tch...
Chris: They do say dogs cannot handle such stimulation.
Kazuko: Hey, I can handle a little!
Miyako: Just a little, then.
Kazuko: Why'd you take off the lid?!
*All of the girls were as flurried as ever.*
Mitsuru: Kazama-kun's not here today? Oh, well.
Yamato: Is that the new item on the menu?
*He has in his hands a large amount of bread.*
Mitsuru: That's right. Kazama-kun said he wanted to eat some, so I prepared a little extra.
Yamato: Sorry. He's the kind of guy who does whatever he wants.
Mitsuru: It's fine, it's fine. I'm really fond of this myself, so I'm sure I'll buy some more.
*Capt and Kuma-chan often ate lunch together.*
*They looked and acted so different from each other, but they were close friends.*
Mitsuru: *om nom nom*
*Kuma-chan was focused solely on his food.*
Chika: Kuma-chan, can I have one?
Mitsuru: Sure. And you can have one, too, Class Rep.
Mayo: Thank you very much.
*Kuma-chan was always mindful of his surroundings, so he didn't have any enemies.*
Mitsuru: Naoe-kun, you should try some too.
Yamato: Sure, thanks. Wow, this is good.
*He was a really reliable guy.*
Mayo: This bread really is delicious. *om nom nom*
Chika: Ah, you have some crumbs on your face.
Mayo: Wah! I'm supposed to be the big sister.
Chika: Stay still. There, got it.
Mayo: Thank you very much.
*Ogasawara-san and Class Rep were the same way, two close friends who seemed nothing alike.*
*Friendship could be a strange thing.*
Announcer: We interrupt your regularly scheduled program to bring you this breaking news.
Kazuko: Huh? What's that on the TV?
Announcer: A concert by Kanagawa Prefecture's Nanahama Philharmonic Symphonic Orchestra has just been stormed by men of unknown nationality...
Kazuko: Wow, so this is a live broadcast.
Chika: Unknown nationality? It's so obvious that it's them again.
Suguru: (Gah! Why must that dumb blondie also come to the same conclusion as me?!)
Chris: Oh? What country is that?
Yamato: Let's not ask, Chris.
*It's reprehensible to judge a crime based on the nationality of the perpetrators.*
Announcer: Oh, it seems that we have a live stream from the scene. We're cutting to it now.
*And then, displayed on screen was a... a... a bandana.*
*A guy I knew all too well was squared off against a suspicious man.*
Kazuko: Bwuh?!
Haguro: Whoa! Wanko, yuck!
*She'd just spit a ton of milk all over Haguro-san.*
Miyako: My prediction has already come true.
Chris: Yes, Dog is such a predictable creature.
*They'd eaten together, and they were safe.*
Takuya: Hey, hold up. This is way worse than normal!
Yamato: They might be armed.
*But regardless...*
Chika: Whoa, he jumped!
*Before the culprit could take his hand out of his pocket, Kazama charged in with an explosive roundhouse.*
Yamato: He's fought his way through situations like this time and time again.
Mitsuru: It only took one blow. *om nom nom*
Takuya: Capt's kicks are a force to be reckoned with.
Yamato: He's not just fast. This is child's play for him.
Mayo: However, isn't he a little outnumbered?
Announcer: It seems that the perpetrators have already been apprehended. We'll have more details during our evening news program.
Chika: Did Kazama-kun take them all out?
Yamato: At the very least, everyone who watched that will think so.
*He always did have a knack for standing out.*
Mitsuru: Do you think he'll be interviewed?
Yamato: He's not that far, so I bet he'll be home today.
Kazuko: Good thing you told Ms. Ume the truth.
Yamato: If I told her that he'd caught a cold, they'd be lecturing me right now.
*I wouldn't be surprised if they'd had this on in the teacher's lounge too.*
Takuya: Nice one, Yamato, figuring that out.
Yamato: Sometimes I wish I didn't have to always think three steps ahead.
*It was just another lunch.*
*......*
Shouichi: *slurp*! Welcome back, Yamato.
Yamato: And now you're eating pasta.
*In my room, of course.*
Shouichi: This is seriously great. It has the real taste of Italy.
Yamato: But why pasta? You went all the way to Nanahama for that?
Shouichi: I got this sudden urge to listen to some classical music, and there was no way I wasn't listening to it live!
Yamato: That's too sudden!
Shouichi: Anyways, that's why I went off to see the Nanahama Philharmonic.
*The conductor's charismatic nature was known nationwide, to be fair.*
Yamato: And you beat up the guys inside?
Shouichi: This totally cool girl knocked out most of them with just wind pressure.
Yamato: Where'd she come from?!
Shouichi: Well, thanks to that, the police let me go pretty quickly.
Yamato: Don't tell Nee-san about this. She'd just go and challenge that girl to a fight.
Yamato: If they do fight, who do you think wins?
Shouichi: Momo-senpai, probably. That wind girl's not a fighter. Those fists of hers are to protect.
*Capt somehow got those words out while he was wolfing down his pasta.*
Yamato: You said she was cool. Did she look the part?
Shouichi: She had an eyepatch, so I'd say she uses a similar style as Margit, the transfer student in 2-S?
*Geez, it felt like every warrior was gathering in our neck of the woods.*
Shouichi: So anyways, the orchestra kept on playin' while we were fighting! It was so cool, like we had our own battle music!
Yamato: They're real professionals. That conductor deserves his fame.
Shouichi: Yeah, I actually started off thinking maybe it was all a show.
Yamato: They don't have shows during classical concerts.
Shouichi: Yeah, that's what I thought, so I chased after the guy who ran away and hit him outside with a flyin' kick.
Yamato: I saw that part.
*On the news.*
Shouichi: Afterwards, this old guy with this really awesome beard took me to his mansion and treated me to lunch.
Yamato: How does that happen?
Shouichi: Seems he was really moved by what I did. And once I told him I'm from Kawakami, things just sorta happened.
Yamato: But still, an old man with an amazing beard... Was he a butler?
*There were a lot of butlers and maids in Nanahama.*
Shouichi: Yeah. Thanks to him, I'm so stuffed I can't even move.
Yamato: Then you ate too much. What about dinner?
*In the end, he'd actually eaten everything.*
Shouichi: Take care of my share, Yamato.
Yamato: Okay, all right, just go sleep in your room.
Shouichi: Moving's too hard. I'll just sleep here. Zzz...
Yamato: Cookie, it's time for Meister to go home.
Cookie: OK, let's go back. Oh, aren't I good at caring for people?
Shouichi: Don't shake me! Stop it! I'm gonna be sick!
*And with that, Cookie took him away.*
Yamato: I guess I should go eat dinner.
*Cookie would probably take care of the trash.*
Suguru: Never did I suspect he would fall this early.
Takuya: And while he wasn't even in his robot too.
Suguru: I've considered the possibility before, but... To actually die without ever once riding in your Gunyom?
Takuya: I hear their partners are angry they can't make any tie-in merchandise.
Suguru: Surely a different pilot will be riding in it come next week.
*Takuya and Suguru must have been talking about an anime.*
Mitsuru: How about this one?
Shouichi: Oh, this one's great. It's totally springy and sweet!
Mitsuru: Isn't it? It's so soft, and when it melts its gentle taste fills your mouth.
Mitsuru: I think I'm going to have some more too...
Mayo: Everyone, Ms. Kojima is here!
Mitsuru: Ngh. If homeroom doesn't end soon, I'm going to starve.
Shouichi: Hang in there, Kuma-chan!
Mitsuru: Agh... So... Hungry...
Shouichi: Shoot. Wanko, get ready to restrain him.
Kazuko: Aye aye, sir!
Miyako: Ugh... There he goes again.
*It was just another morning.*
*......*
Shouichi: Today's the day for the Friday Meeting.
Chris: The sports festival is next week. I shall come after training.
Kazuko: Then let's train together!
Chris: All right.
*The two began hurrying to head home.*
Miyako: ...Hmm.
*She didn't say anything, but it was clear she was excited too.*
Yamato: You'll be there after your job, right, Capt?
Shouichi: Yeah. I'm putting in time at the bookstore today.
Kazuko: Hey, Capt!
*Wanko, who had finished getting ready to head home, rushed over.*
Shouichi: Oh, animal dog, you getting lonely?
Kazuko: If you go there, then what'll happen to dinner?!
Takuya: That would be your objection, Wanko.
Yamato: It does feel like that's what always happens.
Shouichi: Well, we gotta figure something out. Somebody else handle it, eh?
Yamato: Mayucchi will see this coming and bring us something she makes.
Kazuko: Huh? Really?!
Kazuko: Yay! Yay! Nice one, Mayucchi!
*--At the secret base.*
Kazuko: That's some really weird-looking food.
Yukie: Hweh?
Takuya: In all of human history, there's never been a food that sharp.
Kazuko: Wait, Mayucchi, all you've got is your sword!
Yukie: Huh...? Wha...?
Kazuko: Hey, Yamato! What's going on here?!
Yamato: Don't yell at me.
Yukie: I-I'm sorry. All I'm good for is cooking food! I should've known!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, my girl, get a hold of yourself. Ya can't miss them hints!
Chris: Do not bully your underclassman so, Dog. Exhibit the dignity befitting an upperclassman.
Kazuko: Ugh. Well, don't let it get to you so much, OK?
*I'd known this would happen.*
Kazuko: But my tummy's rumbling! Do something!
Cookie: Kazuko, I made some popcorn.
Kazuko: Hm? That'll work. *munch* *crunch* *munch*
*She started devouring the popcorn.*
Yukie: ...Oh.
Gakuto: You never react this fast for anyone besides Wanko.
Cookie: Well, I was programmed to prioritize caring for Wanko.
*So when Capt wasn't around, Wanko was the top dog.*
Momoyo: I'm starved too.
Cookie: Should I make some for you, too?
Momoyo: I think I'll take some Mayu-Mayu instead.
Yukie: Aww... Awwww...
Yamato: You're starved for that?
Miyako: ... *Stare!*
Momoyo: That stare... Is someone wanting to get eaten?
*She'd found a new target.*
*To Momoyo, even someone like Miyako was prey.*
Miyako: Was my passionate gaze effective?
Momoyo: Okay, Miyako, I'll love you all night long.
Miyako: ... *stare*
Yamato: Moro, about that game you lent me. (I ignored her.)
Miyako: ... *glare*
Takuya: Hey Yamato, why's she glaring at me?!
Chris: Capt is late. The tea will get cold.
Yukie: Perhaps things were really busy at his job.
Shouichi: *yawn* No one's coming.
*If anything, he was bored.*
Bookstore Owner: Bandana, if you're tired, then get on home.
Shouichi: Nah, I'm gonna stick around.
Bookstore Owner: No more customers are comin', ya idiot. I'm just throwin' away money payin' you.
Shouichi: But so long as we're open, there's still a chance someone might come.
Bookstore Owner: I don't need you trying to give me peace of mind. I don't even know why I'm still here.
Shouichi: Hmm, but still...
Bookstore Owner: Couldn't you just head home for today?
Shouichi: ...Owner?
Shouichi: Tch. What the heck? What gives? I said I'd get some sales!
*......*
Momoyo: Hm? Who's there?
*She tilted her head.*
Yamato: Is someone here?
Gakuto: I heard a moped motor, so it's probably just Capt.
Momoyo: Capt? With that aura? You're sure?
Chris: What?! Then, is there an intruder?! The nerve!
Miyako: If it were an intruder, we would have heard Cookie driving them away.
Yukie: Wh-Who could it be?
Momoyo: If it's someone we don't know, I'll send an energy bullet at him.
*Her body started to glow.*
Yamato: Could you please not fire beams indoors?
*Click...*
Shouichi: ...Sorry I'm late.
Momoyo: Oh, it's really you.
Chris: It is rare to see you this enervated. Did you eat something bad?
Shouichi: It's not anything like that.
Momoyo: Leader, you're lowering everyone's morale.
Shouichi: Guess there was no hiding it. Welp, let's get on with it.
*......*
Shouichi: So that's why he's so down in the dumps.
Takuya: And why you're feeling sad too.
Yamato: All right, let's figure out everything we know.
*1. The store owner was not making money. 2. His lineup failed and new rival stores opened. 3. Something else was weighing on his mind.*
Shouichi: Sure his stuff's not selling but I'm the only part-timer he's got. He oughta be putting bread on the table.
Yamato: But that was only true up to a few months ago.
Yukie: The bookstore in front of the station is always crowded.
Chris: I often go there myself. It has lots of DVD's of historical dramas.
Shouichi: Chris, if you like history, why aren't you buying stuff at our place?!
Chris: The items here are not quite the same.
*At any rate, Capt's store had way too bizarre a selection.*
Yamato: Yeah, you're right.
*All the answers I'd thought of were too unrealistic.*
*As the brains of the Family, I couldn't say them aloud.*
Chris: So, what do we do?
Momoyo: The only thing I can think of is to tear the new bookstores apart brick by brick.
Miyako: Momo-senpai, that's too violent.
Gakuto: Not even a guy as nice as I can solve this.
Kazuko: Yamato, can't you think of something?
Yamato: Not yet. We don't have enough information.
Takuya: If you can't think of something, Yamato, then none of us are going to.
Shouichi: There's gotta be something we can do.
*In that doom and gloom, only one person opened her mouth.*
Yukie: Umm, can't we ask the owner what's troubling him?
Shouichi: He's too stubborn. There's no way he'd tell us.
Yukie: B-But Capt-san, if you can't get him to talk, then who possibly could?
Yukie: If there's something besides his business that's troubling him, then maybe we could aid him with that, or...?
Yamato: Yeah, good idea.
Kazuko: Nice advice, Mayucchi!
Yukie: Fweh? A-Are you sure?
Takuya: Capt, this is crucial.
Shouichi: Right. Then I'll dive on in and find out what's going on!
*If we didn't hurry, the store could close.*
Yamato: Find out as fast as you can.
*However, Capt wouldn't uncover the reason for another two weeks.*
*......*
*It was a midsummer day in July.*
Mitsuru: On days like this, nothing beats ice cream.
Tadakatsu: Kumagai, it's drippin' on your shirt.
Mitsuru: Oh, you're right...
Tadakatsu: Tch, why're you just starin' at it? If any gets on me, I'm knocking your head off!
*He took a towel and wiped the ice cream off of Kuma-chan's shirt.*
Tadakatsu: It's vanilla, so it shouldn't stain, but wash it well, you klutz.
Mitsuru: Thank you, Minamoto-kun.
Tadakatsu: Gah, you're back with us.
Yamato: Gen-san, you're so nice.
Tadakatsu: I just would've gotten pissed if I had to smell the sweetness of vanilla while I slept. That's all.
*Gen-san said, then returned to his seat.*
Miyako: ...Hm.
Yamato: Even with all that going on, you still stoically read your book.
Miyako: It doesn't really matter if Kumagai-kun starts smelling like vanilla.
*She was more honest with her feelings than Gen-san.*
Shouichi: Aww, he wouldn't tell me today either.
Yamato: It's been a while, too.
*But we hadn't gotten anywhere.*
Shouichi: The owner just keeps sighing, or cutting my hours -- things are going from bad to worse.
Yamato: It must be something he feels he has to keep to himself.
Shouichi: But I'd be there for him if he let me. Doesn't he trust me?
Tadakatsu: Screw having that kinda dark talk near me!
Shouichi: Oh, Gen-san, my bad.
Tadakatsu: ...Screw this. I'm going back to sleep.
Shouichi: Gen-san, you wouldn't know any schemes to get rich quick, would ya?
Tadakatsu: Like hell I do. If I did, I'd be rich myself.
Yamato: Yeah, of course.
*But then, Gen-san suddenly fell silent.*
*......*
Kazuko: Huh? You're going to the bookstore again?
Shouichi: I've been having less shifts recently, so I wanna go when I can.
Yamato: Don't be so selfish, Wanko.
Kazuko: But then I won't get any scraps from his job this time too.
Yamato: Don't call them scraps.
Miyako: Wanko, here's some jerky.
Kazuko: Yay!
Miyako: Sit.
Kazuko: *whine*
Chris: You have trained her well.
Takuya: Could you stop playing around with Wanko?
Gakuto: I shall eat some of that meat too. I'm starving.
Miyako: Gakuto, play house.
Gakuto: Translate that for me, Moro?
Takuya: She wants you to go home.
Gakuto: What?!
*The larger pit bull wasn't nearly as well-trained.*
*...After school, as the sun was setting.*
Shouichi: Isn't it about time you just went and told me?
Bookstore Owner: Don't stick your nose into other people's business!
Shouichi: Oh yeah, come to think of it, I haven't seen many new books recently.
Bookstore Owner: 'Course not. They wouldn't sell.
Shouichi: But if we don't get anything new, we'll never bring in more customers.
Bookstore Owner: Oh yeah, I never told you. The store's closing.
Shouichi: ...What?
Bookstore Owner: And you're just enterin' summer break, right? Good time for you to start findin' another job.
Shouichi: And next you're gonna say, 'just kidding, ya idiot', right?
Bookstore Owner: I ain't sayin' that, ya idiot!
Shouichi: Huh? But what do you mean, the store's closing?!
Bookstore Owner: Relax. I'll pay you what you would've earned working till the end of the month.
Shouichi: But I love this place.
Bookstore Owner: If you like the books, take 'em. Ain't like they're worth anything to me, if they won't sell.
Bookstore Owner: At least land around here's worth somethin'.
Shouichi: No, that's not it. I-
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot. This is an adult problem, got it?!
Shouichi: And I'm an adult!
Bookstore Owner: You're a kid. Nothin' about you's changed since then.
Shouichi: I'm no kid! I'll figure something out, just talk to me!
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot. Like some kid's gonna let me pay back debts!
Shouichi: Debts...! So it really does come down to money.
Shouichi: You said it. You finally said it, ya idiot...
*At long last, Shouichi had managed to get the bookstore owner to open up.*
Bookstore Owner: It ain't like hearing that's gonna let you do anything. Don't shit yourself when you hear how much I owe.
Shouichi: --!
Shouichi: What, that much?! What'd you need it for?
Bookstore Owner: Stuff's goin' bad everywhere. Investment banks in the U.S. goin' under. Stocks here are plummetin'.
Shouichi: But a bookstore shouldn't have been caught in the blast.
Bookstore Owner: Some of us have family, and some of that family did get caught.
Shouichi: Hm? So it's not your own debt, Boss?
Bookstore Owner: Someone's gotta pay it, and this ain't high tides for bookstores.
Shouichi: I get it. So that's why you're closing shop.
Shouichi: If it doesn't matter who foots the bill, have that someone be me.
Bookstore Owner: Stop talkin' shit, ya idiot. You don't know nothing about the real world.
Shouichi: I've always found a way. There's nothing I can't do!
Shouichi: Don't underestimate me. OK, early bird gets the worm!
Bookstore Owner: Hey, Bandana, your work's not over yet!
Shouichi: I'm heading home early today!
Bookstore Owner: You're WHAT?!
Shouichi: Things the way they are not, s'not like any customers are gonna come!
Bookstore Owner: ...Ya idiot.
Shouichi: I'll work double once things pick up!
*......*
Momoyo: Oh? It's been a long time since his aura's been this clear.
Yamato: Is it Capt?
Momoyo: Without a doubt.
Shouichi: Sweet, looks like everybody's here.
Kazuko: You're early today.
Shouichi: Yeah, cause I got something big to talk about.
Momoyo: What, is there a new request?
Shouichi: Nah. There haven't been any incidents lately, so no auctions either.
Momoyo: You got my hopes up for nothing? Maybe I'll just go to sleep.
Yamato: Now, now. Let's give Capt some room to breathe.
Shouichi: I finally got him to spill it.
Kazuko: Wait, what's he talking about?
Gakuto: Don't look at me. How the heck would I know?
Takuya: Are you talking about the bookstore? You are back pretty early today.
Shouichi: That's right. It turns out the owner's owes some debts!
Yamato: Why do you sound so happy about that?
Shouichi: 'Cause this is loads better than some incurable disease or whatever. It's kind of a relief, honestly.
Yamato: When you put it like that...
Kazuko: Yep, yep. You can't forget about your health.
Momoyo: Debts, huh? You have to repay what you borrow.
Miyako: And you paid back all of your debts today, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: Tee-hee.
Chris: They do say that money comes and goes.
Yamato: But for the bookstore owner, money's not coming.
Chris: Mmph!
Yamato: I didn't want you to lose sight of that nuance, is all.
*She seems really upset that I'd scored a point on her.*
Yamato: Could you give us any details?
Shouichi: The debt's not the owner's.
Yamato: So he's a co-signer? Even for a relative, that's kinda...
Shouichi: Yeah.
Kazuko: Is that dangerous?
Yamato: 'Dangerous' doesn't begin to cover it. Don't ever do it yourself.
*But everything was starting to come together.*
Takuya: But is this really something we should be helping with?
Shouichi: Even if you're not game, I'm still doing it.
Yamato: Don't rush, Capt. For now, whisper to me how much debt there is.
Shouichi: Ummm...
*Once I'd heard the amount, I made up my mind.*
Yamato: Okay, it's time for you to find a new job.
Shouichi: What's wrong, Tactician? That's not the answer I'm lookin' for!
Yamato: Don't ask the impossible. You said it was over a million!
*Practically a fortune.*
*Years of work might not make you that much.*
Yamato: Heck, what's the deadline?
Shouichi: The end of next month.
Yamato: Then all I can do is laugh.
Takuya: I guess Capt's asking the impossible.
Miyako: This always happens, but I can almost feel the foot on the gas pedal.
Momoyo: Well, nothing would surprise me now.
Yamato: Wait a second. Let me think.
*...Thinking time.*
Consult with somebody rich
Consult with a teacher
Consult with a friend
Consult with a teacher
Consult with a friend
Consult with somebody rich
Consult with a teacher
Consult with a teacher
*I could ask one of the guys in 2-S...*
*They may have been our rivals, but one of them could be willing to help us.*
*Aoi? Kuki? No. This was too big.*
*If I just told them we wanted money, they wouldn't help.*
*Anyone else?*
*I looked at everyone else.*
*They'd already given me their opinions. I couldn't expect them to give me a good idea.*
*Anyone else?*
*Yeah, this was the only real option.*
*He was at once a source of information and someone who was shrewd with money.*
*Things would probably get a little shady, but there was no other choice.*
Yamato: Capt, can you make time tomorrow?
Shouichi: Yeah. Where're we headed?
Kazuko: If you need a bodyguard, I'll go with!
*Wanko was raring to go.*
Yamato: Not really, no.
Kazuko: Oooh, don't say that!
Miyako: C'mon, Wanko. If you're gloomy, then come be mellow over here.
Momoyo: You'd make her life gloomy? Then sister, come rest in my voluptuous bosom.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, you're so warm... Zzz...
*She really was tired.*
Takuya: You don't need anyone else?
Yamato: It's not the kind of place you want to barge into en masse.
*I was only bringing Capt himself just in case.*
*I didn't want to get the others involved in something this fishy.*
*There was no school today.*
*However, there were some inside who were even busier today than they were on school days.*
Tadakatsu: Guess there ain't no one but me who can take today's job.
Kyojin: Man, getting old is awful.
Kyojin: I feel like my hair's thinning out.
*Tadakatsu worked at the Usami Agency.*
Kyojin: Well, I have paperwork to do on my end, so you take care of the field work.
Tadakatsu: Got it.
Tadakatsu: Hey, mind thinkin' about what I said yesterday?
Kyojin: You really do care about your friends. You'll make this old man cry.
Tadakatsu: Stop messin' with me. You keep talking to me like that, and my ears'll rot off!
Kyojin: I've looked into it. I'll tell you more when you get back.
Tadakatsu: You don't gotta tell me. Just tell them yourself.
Kyojin: Hey, hey, you want this old man to bring it up? I am technically a teacher. You tell them.
Tadakatsu: The clock's tickin'. If I'm late, we're toast. I'm going.
Kyojin: You really are a shy one.
Yamato: Mr. Beard, are you free?
Shouichi: Wassup?
Kyojin: So you guys came to me... Well, that's how it's going to be.
*......*
Kyojin: Tadakatsu told me you need money, right?
Shouichi: Huh? We talked to Gen-san about that?
Yamato: We didn't even have to ask.
*Gen-san, as reliable as ever.*
Kyojin: If you were paying attention in my classes, you'd know there's no such thing as easy money.
Yamato: If you had told us it was easy, we would've left.
Kyojin: Kazama, I don't doubt your passion and energy, but you've got to accept reality.
Yamato: Please tell us if you know anything that could help.
*I had a feeling that there was only one way.*
Kyojin: Don't rush me. Once you get to my age, your mind doesn't spin as fast as it used to.
*...So he wanted to head off to talk somewhere else?*
Yamato: In that case, let's take our time and--
Kyojin: I know you're trying to be considerate, but we can talk here.
*Here we go.*
Kyojin: In a job like mine... you hear a lot of rumors.
Shouichi: Rumors?
Kyojin: The government cracks down on gambling that they're not part of. They want their cut, after all.
Yamato: I'm well aware.
Kyojin: Everyone's chasing quick and easy money.
Shouichi: Yeah, so do we.
Kyojin: And people who want that'll go to extreme lengths. Places where it's eat or be eaten.
Yamato: So it's come to this already -- illegal gambling.
*How else could we make a ton of cash quickly?*
Shouichi: I get it. So that's where you can earn cash.
Shouichi: Sounds awesome! Totally awesome, Beardy!
Kyojin: Are you a complete idiot? You think I'd ever recommend that?!
Yamato: The gambling parlor at school's illegal.
Kyojin: And that place is obviously on a different level than a real one.
Kyojin: Heck, it's sweet to win at high-stakes gambling, but if you lose you're going to hell. Their collectors will ruin your life.
Kyojin: You guys don't need this information. Just live and enjoy the moment.
Shouichi: I'm begging you. I need that money.
Shouichi: There's someone out there I gotta save.
Kyojin: So you're not just looking for fun, huh?
Kyojin: This is on your heads, not mine.
Shouichi: I figure, by the time I'm this old, I'm responsible for everything I do, every day.
Kyojin: Yeah, I suppose so.
Kyojin: But I don't know of anywhere for certain.
Shouichi: Mm?
Kyojin: Oh, by the way, this is just a rumor, it might not even exist, but...
Shouichi: Hey, hey, I need this!
Yamato: It's fine, Capt. We have nothing to lose.
*I knew Mr. Beard was just making sure to give himself deniability.*
Kyojin: I take no responsibility for this. I know nothing about it. I'm just repeating something I heard.
Kyojin: Maybe this was really just from a TV show, or a movie?
Kyojin: But you know, there are countries where casinos are legal.
Kyojin: So you could head there, see if you can't win.
Shouichi: ...Oh, you made it sound like it was gonna be complicated.
Yamato: What part of that was simple?! He could mean anywhere!
Kyojin: There's no other way you'll get your hands on a fortune.
Kyojin: Well, I mean, you could try the lottery or horses.
Shouichi: But the odds are too low with the lottery, and horse racing doesn't yield nearly enough.
Shouichi: Looks like foreign casinos it is! Time to invade Southeast Asia!
Yamato: Are you literally going in guns blazing?
Shouichi: If I don't, they'll never hand over the cash!
Yamato: But still, an overseas expedition?
Yamato: The thought never even occured to me.
Kyojin: Well, if everything works out, bring this old man back something that'll make him happy.
Shouichi: Reading glasses, then? I'm on it.
Kyojin: He's making a fool out of me.
Kyojin: But still, are they really going to go?
Kyojin: Well, it's not my problem. They know the risks.
*He didn't demand payment up front, but he did expect to get paid.*
*I gave him my thanks and returned to the dorm.*
Shouichi: Now we can do something. Time to travel abroad!
Yamato: No, we can't. If we screw up, things'll only get worse.
Shouichi: But there's nothing doing if we don't. I'm going, Yamato.
*I knew I ought to stop him. The odds were too low, the risks too high.*
Yamato: ...He really needs the money, huh.
Shouichi: Yeah. That old man's pretty gloomy, but he really helped us out.
Shouichi: Most of all, he didn't think I could do it. I gotta go prove him wrong!
Yamato: All right... For now, let me look into where we're going.
Yamato: I'll have the information by the Friday Meeting. I'll ask for your final decision then.
*This was underground info. We needed to proceed cautiously.*
Kazuko: So, how'd it go?
*Wanko asked once she'd caught up to us, the tire she pulled dragging behind her.*
Yamato: What are you talking about?
Kazuko: Huh? Miyako, what was it?
Miyako: Maybe seeing this spice will refresh your memory!
Kazuko: Wah! My eyes! Just looking at it burns my eyes!
Chris: Miyako, why would you carry chili oil with you?
Takuya: Says the one who brings inari sushi with her.
Chris: Inari sushi is a food.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. And chili oil is a beverage.
Gakuto: Then drink it.
Miyako: Watch me.
Yamato: Quit it.
Miyako: I'll stop.
*She could probably take it, but her body wouldn't appreciate it.*
Miyako: But still, we're the cute ones.
Chris: Dog has her tires and a dumbbell.
Gakuto: And Mayucchi always defaults to a katana.
Yukie: I-I just can't part with it, so...
*The girls in our Family carried the weirdest things.*
Momoyo: Don't you think I'm the only proper one, dear brother of mine?
Yamato: Could you please not crack your knuckles while approaching me?
*I was desperate for someone to relieve the tension.*
Shouichi: Sweet! Let's keep giving 110%!
Gakuto: Oh, Capt, you're fired up.
Takuya: He's being kind of loud, but this is much more like him.
Miyako: Do we have a way to do it?
Yamato: I don't know.
Momoyo: Little bro, are you telling me the odds aren't 100%?
*She had snuck up behind me and pinned my arms.*
Yamato: Gh... I'll make things as likely as I can.
Yamato: But this time, there's no way I can make things 100%!
*Heck, I felt like our odds were closer to 30%.*
Momoyo: You'll tell us your results on Friday.
*......*
*...Lunch! Time to go.*
Yamato: I can't say I have a preference.
*I made my way towards 2-S's classroom.*
Kokoro: What business does the likes of you have here?
Yamato: Could you call Kuki for me?
Kokoro: That sort of task is beneath a person of nobility, such as me. I shall leave the task to the one with the head like a bald monk.
Jun: Could you just call me by my name or nickname?
Yamato: Your nickname? You mean 'Baldie'?
Jun: Your sister was the first one to call me that.
Yamato: She wasn't trying to be cruel.
Jun: It was still nasty of her. Anyways, what do you need from me?
Yamato: Just for you to call Kuki.
Jun: Oh, right now he'll be on the roof.
Yamato: ...I see.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. The heights are truly the most pleasant!
Azumi: I think this place truly befits you, Hideo-sama.
Hideo: Yet it is not high enough. We shall climb atop that water tower!
Azumi: Yes, sir. I shall prepare a staircase!
Hideo: Good! Until it is ready, We shall wait while proudly singing the Kuki Anthem.
Hideo: The Kukis, eternal The Kukis, creators of all Kukis, friends to the world
Yamato: What a strange song... So here you are.
Hideo: Oh, Naoe Yamato? What brings you to seek audience with Us, busy as We are?
*......*
Hideo: We see. An overseas casino?
Hideo: Naturally, We are the Kukis of the world. We know much of such things.
Hideo: In fact, We are also somewhat familiar with the local gambling establishments.
Yamato: Should you really just be ignoring them?
Hideo: A Kuki needn't personally deal with the extermination of rats.
Hideo: Regardless, We judge this to be something We needn't handle personally.
Azumi: I've finished preparing the staircase for you, sir! 
Hideo: Azumi, listen to Naoe's request with a warm and generous heart.
Hideo: We shall climb ever higher. Mwahahaha!
*He roared with laughter as he began to climb.*
Yamato: (They do say idiots love high places...)
Azumi: You bastard. I bet you're thinking that Hideo-sama's an idiot, aren't you?!
*She thrust at me with her twin blades.*
Yamato: Maybe you're just projecting.
Azumi: ...Well? What do you wanna know, dumbo?
*I explained to her our circumstances.*
Azumi: A foreign casino? Don't talk to me about that friggin' messed-up stuff.
Azumi: A kid like you should just stay home and suck on candy.
Yamato: I can't do that.
Azumi: You looking to break a few bones? Just give up.
Yamato: Oh, how kind of you.
Azumi: That ain't the sort of place for a student.
Azumi: ...Well, guess I have heard of a few guys that have gone.
Yamato: We need the money, whatever it takes.
Azumi: Hmph. What do you wanna know?
Yamato: I want you to use the Kuki's information network to find the safest possible casino.
Azumi: You're wasting my time... But fine. Give me a sec.
Yamato: Thanks. I was thinking somewhere in the Mth Autonomous District.
*She began talking on her cellphone.*
Azumi: Got it. I'll tell you the name of the casino, so write it down.
Yamato: OK, you've been a lifesaver.
Yamato: Also--
Azumi: Calm your tits. You make a big deal out of this, and maybe I'll be having to wipe your guts off the floor.
Yamato: What a violent maid you are.
Azumi: The dealers here'll understand super-simple English, and they've got hosts on standby 24/7 that speak Japanese.
Yamato: That's a big help...
Azumi: And most of all, they've got a high rate.
Azumi: You're not finding a better place than them, but...
Azumi: Keep it a game. Don't let things become serious.
Yamato: Thank you for the information.
Azumi: Hmph. I might've just made you a bed in Hell.
Yamato: ......
Azumi: Get it? Because I'm a maid, and I *made* you a--
Yamato: What I don't get is why you thought it was necessary to draw your swords.
Yamato: ...By the way...
Azumi: Huh?
Yamato: The Kuki Corporation owns a large site in C-land's Mth Autonomous District, right?
Yamato: I hear Kuki Hideo even uses it as a home, from time to time.
Azumi: Don't tell me you--
Yamato: If Hideo's heading there soon, would you mind giving us a lift?
Azumi: Hah. You friggin' got balls, dammit.
Yamato: Well?
Azumi: Not happening. I'm not one bit obligated to listen to that request.
Azumi: There some lines what you don't get to cross.
Yamato: Oh, I wouldn't normally dream of asking, but this time, circumstances are a bit special.
Yamato: I'll have to play my card.
Azumi: Huh? What card?
Yamato: I'm glad you sent Cookie our way, but...
Azumi: What are you getting at?
Yamato: You must've spent some time testing it to make sure it was working properly.
Azumi: Yeah, I had it living with me for a while.
Azumi: So I can tell you there's not a friggin' thing what's wrong with Cookie.
Yamato: Nope, not in the slightest.
Yamato: However, one day, Cookie told me that...
Cookie 2: There is something I would ask you, Yamato.
Yamato: What is it?
Cookie 2: My current meister is Kazama Shouichi.
Cookie 2: As such, I currently have no connection to the Kuki family.
Yamato: Yeah, that sounds right.
Cookie 2: I should then delete all confidential data regarding the Kuki family from my system?
Yamato: It wasn't already deleted?
Cookie 2: Confidential records regarding a certain young maiden still remain in my memory banks.
Cookie 2: I spent some time living with Oshitari Azumi, after all.
Cookie 2: Everything she said to herself was recorded.
Cookie 2: I thought keeping them might prove useful someday.
Yamato: Remind me never to underestimate you.
Yamato: You are not to record our private conversations without explicit permission.
Cookie 2: Order acknowledged, Tactician.
Yamato: ...So there you have it.
Azumi: Wh... Wh... What?!
*Azumi's face had gone bright red.*
Azumi: Recordings of what I said in private? In my friggin' house?
Azumi: Y-You better've erased them!
Yamato: Oh, should I?
Azumi: You don't have to friggin' ask! Delete them now!
Azumi: And don't you dare listen! Swear it!
Yamato: Why not? Is what you said that embarrassing?
Azumi: --!
*Azumi's cheeks turned redder and redder.*
Azumi: Listen to one word of that, and I'll friggin' kill you!
Yamato: I get it, I get it.
Yamato: I'll erase the data completely, but in exchange... Well, you know.
Azumi: Y-You little prick... Erase it.
Yamato: If you put out all the stops, I could tell Hideo what a wonderful maid you are.
Azumi: (*Jump!*)
Yamato: I can make it so that Hideo will lavish you with praise.
Azumi: Mgh... That...
Azumi: Sounds good, don't it?
Azumi: ...Tch. Fine then. OK, you'll get your plane.
Yamato: Round-trip, of course. Oh, and directions to the casino too.
Azumi: Ghhgg... But that's it.
Azumi: You're getting no help from me at the table. No seed money either.
Yamato: Yeah, I wasn't expecting any.
Azumi: But let me check one thing. Since you're betting big, it'll be Kazama Shouichi at the table?
Yamato: An excellent deduction.
Azumi: I don't got so little faith in him what I'd demand payment in advance, but...
Azumi: If you do succeed, I expect to be paid in full.
Yamato: Of course. (If we succeed, that is.)
Azumi: I'm willing to throw in with Kazama's luck.
Yamato: You consider it that strong, then?
Azumi: It is what it is... Flight's on Sunday. Be ready.
Yamato: That's a bit fast, but we'll make it work. Thank you.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha!
Yamato: Oh, you're back. Then I'm counting on you.
Hideo: Let Us return to the classroom. We must not be tardy!
Azumi: Yes, Hideo-sama! 
*She was quick to change her tone.*
*Women could be strange creatures.*
Touma: Oh my, if it isn't Yamato-kun.
*I ran into Aoi on my way downstairs.*
Yamato: It's rare to see you walking about, alone.
Touma: I was invited to a meal. This has been a joyous hour.
*He was as popular with the ladies as Nee-san was.*
Touma: I happened to hear from Jun that you came to class 2-S earlier.
Yamato: I didn't go there to see you.
Touma: Oh, how cold. But I don't mind. What would you say to accompanying me to the cafeteria?
Yamato: Let's not. The bell's about to ring.
Touma: It is? I can't believe I of all people failed to notice.
Yamato: And didn't you say you just ate?
Touma: Now that you mention it, I suppose I did.
*He was clearly doing this on purpose.*
Yamato: What's your real reason?
Touma: Oh, don't misunderstand me. I simply relished the thought of another match against you, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: You're getting way too close!
Yamato: Thanks for the offer, but I'm busy. And will be until after summer break.
Touma: Is that so? A pity.
Touma: But I do hope we have one soon.
*He was as incomprehensible as ever.*
Miyako: He really is after my Yamato...: I'd ship it.
Yamato: Not happening.
Miyako: Then you're devoted to me and me alone?
Yamato: Also nope.
*At any rate, I needed to go out and scout at some point soon.*
*......*
Yamato: The casino should be around here somewhere.
Kazuko: Looks like it's finally time for your bodyguard to shine.
Yamato: You're just a precaution. Don't act without my direct orders.
*I'd brought her along because she'd been itching for something fun to do.*
Kazuko: It seems kinda strange in here.
Yamato: Eyes forward. Don't look around.
*I plotted out an escape route, just in case.*
*All that was left was to investigate the casino's rate.*
Girl: Bo-ring. Isn't there anything fun here?
Young Lady: We have that this weekend.
Girl: This time, I ain't losin'. And even if I do, I'll just send my opponent flying and end things that way. Hahahaha.
Young Woman: So tired... Zzz...
Young Lady: There's no such thing as too much money. I'm so glad my little sister has such a strong work ethic.
Girl: Even though Tatsu's sleeping?
Young Lady: Tatsu's fine. She'll wake up as soon as we give her a melon.
Girl: I want a melon too!
Young Lady: If you do well on Saturday, I'll think about it.
Girl: It better be a musk melon. And I'm eating the peel too!
*Hadn't I seen some of these people somewhere before?*
Kazuko: ...You know...
Kazuko: Those people seem dangerous.
Yamato: Don't stare at others on the road.
Yamato: Right now, our top priority is gathering information.
*Cardboard boxes and trash had piled up here and there, creating lots of blind spots.*
*The girls could probably flee, but it'd be tough for a man.*
*Better not to have a fight break out here in the first place.*
Yamato: It's this building...? Okay, let's go find out their rate.
*I already had a letter of introduction from an acquaintance.*
Kazuko: Time for me to prove my worth. Whoosh, whoosh!
Yamato: You don't need to come inside. Worst-case scenario, you could cause a problem.
*Deep cover investigation: Start*
...... and Complete.
Kazuko: Oh, that was fast. Super fast. You must've been super efficient.
Yamato: I have the results. This isn't a good place to strike it rich.
*The rates at the casinos around town were disappointing at best.*
*So if we want a sudden windfall, it was overseas or bust.*
*This felt like it was turning into a large-scale battle.*
Chris: May I ask how the matter has progressed since last time?
Yukie: Wh-What's going on, Matsukaze?
Matsukaze: Yo, Mayucchi, don't you panic on me. Just pretend like you're enjoying a refreshin' breeze while waitin' to find out.
Gakuto: Does this 'Nice Guy' get to play a part?
Yamato: This battle will be fierce. I won't force anyone to go.
Miyako: Fierce? *gulp*...
Shouichi: The Grand Battle at the Casino. The place: C-land's Mth Autonomous District!
Takuya: You sure made that sound majestic.
Miyako: What a surprise.
Chris: Oh, C-land... Hm?
Chris: But that's another country!
Kazuko: Ahaha, Kuri, you didn't see that coming.
Kazuko: Wait, it's overseas?!
Yamato: You're a little slow on the ball there.
Yukie: Are we going to a foreign country to gamble?
Matsukaze: Damn. A hero's journey, goin' 'cross the big wide ocean.
Matsukaze: But is that kinda place really safe? Or am I gonna have to wager my heart? I don't wanna be a Nobody!
Yamato: Don't you think you've read a few too many manga?
Miyako: Specifically, ones that Moro brought.
Takuya: You recommend way more grotesque ones than I do!
Yamato: I've heard those things can happen. Though the stories sound more like urban legends.
Takuya: Really?!
Yamato: Of course, I don't intend to let that happen.
Shouichi: Heck, ain't I the one doing it? I'm not losing, so relax.
Chris: Do we need to go as well?
Momoyo: You might need me there to save you when you lose.
Momoyo: If there's enough of them, I might have a bit of--
Yamato: I can't let you do that. Or do you want your grandfather finding out about it?
Kazuko: Awawawa... If he finds out she went on a rampage overseas...
Momoyo: Hmm, it'd become an international incident, wouldn't it? That would be...
Yamato: Not fun.
*Come what may, we couldn't afford to cause an incident.*
Yamato: We're all students at Kawakami Academy, so we all have passports, right?
Takuya: Well, we were forced to get them when we started school, since so many school trips go overseas.
Yamato: So then, anyone who wants to tag along can.
Gakuto: What about money? How much does it cost to fly all the way to the Mth Autonomous District?
Yamato: At this time of year, a round-trip ticket costs about 50,000.
Yukie: I-I knew it was going to be a lot.
Shouichi: It'll be touch-and-go, so there won't be time for sightseeing.
Chris: ...I am happy to go, but...
*Of course there's no hesitation from someone like her.*
Chris: But I shall not help you cheat.
Yamato: There won't be any cheating.
Chris: There will not? Then good.
*Though in truth, it was just that it was hard to set a trap because we were the away team.*
*If only I'd had a bit more time to prepare... Alas.*
Miyako: What's wrong, Yamato?
Yamato: ...Nothing.
*It sucked, but we had to go for it.*
*This was the only play we have.*
Shouichi: Don't overthink this. We're just going to go play. Chris, you oughta come with!
Chris: Why is that?
Shouichi: So you can see how awesome I am.
*He must have still borne a grudge over what took place during the trip to Hakone.*
Chris: I would not expect to recognize someone for their feats at a gambling parlor, but...
Chris: Well, if you can earn the funds you seek, I will not deny that skill.
Shouichi: Just hearing that's gotten me pumped!
Yukie: C-Capt-san, you're on fire.
Yamato: There's nothing he hates more than losing.
Yukie: But what do we do about money?
Yamato: Oh right, I forgot to mention the most important part. Whoops.
Yamato: We'll be flying on the Kuki Corporation's personal jet, so there's no need to pay for travel.
Yukie: Huh? T-Truly?
Momoyo: You could've led off with that. Now I can come no problem.
Takuya: Can everyone go for free, Yamato?
Yamato: Yeah. I've talked things through with Oshitari Azumi.
Momoyo: Oh? Nice work getting her to sign on.
Yamato: Yeah. I used this. (I pointed to my head.)
Gakuto: All right, then I too shall tag along. It simply sounds fun.
Yamato: Oh, you can come, too?
Gakuto: Plus, I've been thinkin' that maybe it takes a foreign woman to appreciate my physique.
Chris: Where in the world did that come from?
Gakuto: (I'll put the moves on every hottie I find.)
Yamato: (Well, he might be there to hit on girls, but we can count on him in a pinch.)
Takuya: I want to go, but I'm not sure I'd be useful.
Yamato: I need someone to help gather info.
Shouichi: And I'll have peace of mind just having you with.
Takuya: O-Okay, then sure!
Miyako: And of course, I'm going, too.
Kazuko: ...Umm, is, uh, well...
Yamato: Don't worry. A Kuki Conglomerate jet has nothing to do with Kuki Hideo's feelings towards you. Nor did I use you as a bargaining chip.
Kazuko: O-Okay. That's good to hear!
Kazuko: Then I'm going too!
Yukie: I would love to accompany you all.
Shouichi: Sweet, so we're all going. That's why you're all my friends.
Shouichi: Time to strike it rich in the Mth Autonomous District!
*......*
*We arrived at the casino.*
Kazuko: Yay! I win at arm wrestling!
Gakuto: Dammit, Wanko. You could hold back a little.
Yamato: Well done.
*Gakuto turned towards me, shaking his right hand.*
Gakuto: But you know, Yamato, when you have a guy as powerful as I, what more do you need?
*People were gambling on arm wrestling, which was something I could take advantage of.*
Yamato: You're strong, sure, but you're not the strongest.
Gakuto: Shut up. The girls in the Family are just off the charts.
Yamato: But they look pretty and frail.
*I couldn't not grab this opportunity by the horns. Or should I say, the arm.*
Bob: WHOOSH, WHOOSH, ARM STRONG!
Kazuko: A challenger, huh? (I feel like I've seen this guy somewhere before.)
Bob: I TAKE GRAND PRIZE!
Kazuko: Go right ahead. If you can beat me, that is.
Kazuko: (A) Hold back to judge their strength. (B) Pretend like you're struggling. (C) Appeal to their weakness.
Bob: GO!
Kazuko: Hiyaaaa! (Wanko selected to judge his strength. He was a warrior.)
Bob: SHIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTT!
*She shattered the table.*
Kazuko: Heh, eheheh... I-I guess I won.
Bob: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Kazuko: Now then, let's find my next challenger!
Momoyo: Oh, how gallant. This time I'll take you on.
Kazuko: I accept!
*That's how I had them switch after earning a fair bit of money.*
Kazuko: Look how much we've earned!
Yamato: Okay, nice going.
Kazuko: See what I can do?
Yamato: Good girl!
*I praised her, just as it said to do in my trusty dog training book.*
Gakuto: The hell? That was just because I held back.
Kazuko: Then let's have a real match, here and now. I won't lose!
Takuya: Shouldn't we have had Mayucchi and Chris help out too?
Yamato: We wouldn't get much additional return.
*Chris wasn't one to hold back, and Mayucchi's aura made her hard to approach.*
Momoyo: Bo-ring.
*She came back to us after only a short period.*
Momoyo: Someone identified me partway through, and then people stopped challenge me.
Yamato: People all over the world know the name Kawakami Momoyo, then.
Momoyo: I do have challengers approaching me from every country on Earth.
*A change of hairstyles hadn't been enough to disguise her.*
Kazuko: Nice going, Onee-sama. You're way better than me.
Momoyo: There isn't a little sister alive who's stronger than her big sis.
Yamato: We'll have to stick it out a little while longer.
*Miyako was playing darts a short ways away.*
Miyako: Hah!
Sunglasses Dude: Whoa, another triple 20!
Mohawk Dude: She even sent one dart through another.
Miyako: I aim only for the highest point value. You should be mesmerized with awe and admiration.
*She snuck a glance towards me.*
Yamato: *thumbs up*
Miyako: Nice! *thumbs up*
*She was proving her true skills as an archer.*
Yukie: Miyako-san, you're amazing.
Chris: I have confidence in my eyesight, but personally, I would only be satisfied with a double bull.
Takuya: Well, she always hits her mark.
Miyako: I'll send a dart through Yamato's heart too! (Whoosh!)
*She was dependable, yet fearsome.*
Yamato: And that's how we gathered our war funds.
Shouichi: Sweet. Leave the rest to me!
Shouichi: So then, Dealer! I'm going all-in!
Yamato: Hey, what ever happened to starting off slow?!
Shouichi: Nah, I got this. Straight!
Dealer: Full house.
Yamato: You just lost everything?!
Yamato: ...Huh?!
Yamato: *huff* *huff* *huff* *huff*... Just a dream...
Yamato: But a vision of defeat... That's a bad omen.
*Probably because we didn't have any realistic chance at winning.*
*Everything lay on Capt's shoulders.*
*And then, it was time for the final battle.*
*Onwards, to C-land's Mth Autonomous District.*
Kazuko: We're in a foreign country!
Kazuko: But it doesn't feel foreign at all.
Kazuko: I mean, there are a lot of foreigners...
Kazuko: But there's lots of Japanese people too.
Takuya: Along with plenty of Chinese and locals.
Yamato: So this is a real, live foreign casino... Damn, it's intense.
Momoyo: And I can already sense someone's eyes on us... Kuri?
Chris: When I informed my father I was heading overseas, he had a small unit follow us.
Momoyo: Figured. Still, that's reassuring.
Shouichi: So then, what am I going to be doing?
Takuya: Well, Yamato and I looked into things...
Takuya: And it seems the odds are best with poker.
Shouichi: You mean video poker?
Takuya: No, no. A live game, with a dealer.
Shouichi: Sweet! Then let's fight our way through!
*Capt, smiling and in high spirits, made his way over to the poker tables.*
Shouichi: So this is a real live poker table.
Dealer: ...Will you be facing off against me?
Shouichi: Oh, you speak Japanese! Nice! That'll speed things up.
*A dealer at a real casino truly did have a different air about him.*
*My student-level tricks wouldn't fly against him.*
Shouichi: Let's go, mano-a-mano! Just you and me!
Dealer: ...Understood.
Yamato: Guys, nobody look at Capt's cards.
Gakuto: Why not?
Yamato: Because they might be reflected in your eyes.
Gakuto: Hah. You're overthinkin' this!
Takuya: I have heard of cards being reflected in glasses, but...
Yamato: Do you think, say, Nee-san or Miyako could do it?
Momoyo: Like how I can see the full 90 centimeters of my bust reflected in your eyes.
Kazuko: Pervert! We've got a pervert over here!
Yamato: Hey, hey, that was pretty harsh for a joke.
Miyako: My bust, in Yamato's--
Chris: Miyako, please say no more. We are guests in a foreign land.
Miyako: But, this is my chance to show Yamato the beauty of Japan.
Yamato: ...If we can stop fooling around for a second, could you answer the original question?
Momoyo: Of course I can. That's why the dealer's shut his eyes.
Miyako: Yeah, he has. The dealer truly is the real deal.
Yukie: C-Come to think of it, isn't Yamato-san better at cards?
Yamato: Mayucchi, there are many varieties of poker. And this variety favors good gamblers.
Matsukaze: Hey, hey, my girl Mayucchi's still a beginner! You've gotta teach her with a gentle touch like dandelion puffs.
Yamato: ...Basically, there's not much room here for strategy. Just luck.
*I'd be better at, say, seven card stud.*
Yamato: Furthermore... There're no tricks here.
*It didn't take me long to figure that, if I was at the plate, odds were that I'd get devoured.*
Dealer: Please check the cards.
Yamato: It's a regular deck.
Dealer: I'll shuffle now.
*He began rapidly shuffling the cards together.*
Kazuko: Whoa, he's fast!
Momoyo: He doesn't seem to be doing anything strange.
*I took pride in my dexterity with cards, but that level of skill might have been beyond me.*
*However, it was too late to back out now.*
Shouichi: Sweet, let's do this!
Yamato: Hold it. First, let's check the rules.
Dealer: Hmph. We're playing dark poker.
Yamato: Um, that's not much of an explanation.
Dealer: It's based on closed poker, and...
*The rules mostly followed those of standard poker, but the payouts were different.*
*Each hand gave a different return on the bet.*
Takuya: It's like the system they use in the arcade's medal game.
Yamato: And it really is merciless.
Gakuto: Hmm... So what's it all mean?
Yukie: If I'm understanding it right, the better your hand, the better the reward, I think?
Gakuto: So you just have to have the best hand. Sounds simple.
Yamato: Capt, no need to risk it all. Take your time.
Shouichi: But we can't raise, right? Then I'm going all-in!
*Of all things, an all-or-nothing battle.*
Takuya: H-Hey, Yamato... Are my eyes playing tricks on me?
Yamato: Nope, I'm seeing it, too. Looks like we're starting off big.
*And if things went poorly, our first round could be our last.*
Yamato: If we get beat by even a two pair, we have to pay twice our bet...
*And I wouldn't say that things skyrocket from there, but... I had to consider the worst.*
Yamato: Guys, get ready to run.
Kazuko: If we got involved, it'd be a pretty big mess, huh.
Gakuto: Well, everythin' will turn out fine with me here.
*More and more people began to crowd around our table.*
*Were they here out of curiosity, or...*
Shouichi: I got this!
*A mountain of chips lay on the table.*
Dealer: One pair.
Shouichi:  High card!
*All lost in a flash.*
Yamato: We came all the way overseas, and this is how it ends?
Miyako: They really did disappear in a flash.
Takuya: Capt, it's over. We're done.
Chris: ......
Shouichi: Hmmm.
Shouichi: ...Just a high card? That never happens.
Shouichi: Eh, I'll have better luck next time.
Shouichi: Let's go another round, at the same rate!
Dealer: You have no chips.
Shouichi: I'll be the chip! You could sell me off to some foreign mercenary legion.
Yamato: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Dealer: You certainly would seem to have such value.
*He accepted the offer?!*
Dealer: Sign here.
Shouichi: Got it.
Yamato: Think about what you're doing! Let me look over the contract.
Yamato: ...Whoa. If you lose, they're really going to sell you!
Shouichi: It'd be fun! You almost never get to experience something like that!
Takuya: Because nobody's supposed to want to.
Shouichi: I've gotta wager all but my life on this.
Kazuko: What's going to happen? Tell me, Yamato!
Yukie: Hawawawawawawa!
Chris: Why would you go so far?
Shouichi: Because right now, I need the money. Didn't I explain?
Chris: But if you lose, you will become a mercenary! Does it mean that much to you?
Shouichi: If I lose, then that means I just wasn't good enough.
Shouichi: Besides, a foreign mercenary legion doesn't sound half bad.
Chris: Gah, I ought to despise you for gambling, but your eyes look so dreamy.
*How many times had I seen that same glimmer?*
*That same glint that made me think...*
*Maybe this guy could really pull it off.*
*We could walk away, avoid the worst-case scenario, but...*
Yamato: You're doing it, aren't you?
Shouichi: Yeah, I gotta!
Yamato: Then go kick some ass, hero.
Shouichi:  Right on!
Chris: You are not going to stop him?
Takuya: Well, at this point, I don't think he can.
Yamato: He knows the risks. We just have to cheer him on.
Shouichi: Yeah, you get me.
Momoyo: Interesting. And a match has gotta be interesting.
*As the dealer picked up the deck to deal once more...*
Shouichi: Hold it. You get to shuffle, so let me deal the cards.
Dealer: Why?
Shouichi: Because I wanna grab my fate with my own two hands!
Dealer: I can feel the heat of your passion. I'll allow it.
*I hadn't expected him to be that accommodating.*
*But still, could Capt's passion really--*
Dealer: Four of a kind.
*GIVE THE DEALER QUADS?!*
Yamato: Uh, that was not part of my calculations.
Takuya: Wah, it's all over. There's no way.
Miyako: He had to keep going and deal the cards himself.
Yukie: Wh-What should we do?
Yamato: We just hope that Capt gets an even better hand. However...
*The dealer had four nines, with a 4 kicker.*
*Which summed to 13. A curse, if anything was.*
Yamato: ...I want to believe in Capt, but this is...
*Even I was shaken by what had befell him.*
Shouichi: Nice. Now I'm fired up to win!
Shouichi: I can't get enough of this thrill!
*Capt moved his fingers.*
Shouichi: These are the cards I drew!
*He slammed all five on the table.*
*Arranged in a row from the left, in order, were the 10, Jack, Queen, King...: and Ace of Spades.*
Shouichi: Dudes and dudettes.
Dealer: A-A royal flush?!
Shouichi:  Let's party!
*His voice thundered through the room.*
Yamato: ...Man, just how good are you?
Kazuko: I don't really get what's going on, but nice one, Capt!
Yukie: W-We can celebrate now, right?: Y-yay!
Matsukaze: Nah, this? This ain't happenin'.
Matsukaze: What's this, a manga? How the heck's this happen?
Miyako: Lady Luck's always on his side...
Miyako: But even so, even in a novel things don't normally turn out this well...
Miyako: I guess truth is stranger than fiction.
Takuya: S-Still, I was really scared this time.
Takuya: Heck, we're sure we're not dreaming?
Gakuto: Anyways, how much did you win?!
Momoyo: Who knows. But I bet we'll find out soon...
Momoyo: This really is something. Damn, that's a windfall.
Shouichi: You see that, Chris? Now that's how a hero is born.
Chris: I cannot accept your methods, but...
Chris: There is nothing I can say before this display of fortune.
Chris: You have made me believe I could follow you forever.
Chris: As well befits our leader.
*Chris, too, now truly recognized Capt's talents.*
*Ever since I was little, I'd thought that he was blessed with good fortune, but this was extreme even for him.*
Kazuko: 'Kay, that settles that.
Yamato: For us, yes... But it looks like everyone else is just getting started.
Chinese Person: A royal flush?
Prostitute: As if. That can't be real.
American: I hear it's true.
*We were approached by an old man flanked by bodyguards.*
Executive: Explain.
Dealer: Th-The truth is...
Executive: I understand. Well, there is nothing to be done.
Executive: May I ask your name?
Shouichi: I'm Kazama!
Executive: Congratulations! Tonight, you have become the king of this casino.
Executive: Go! Take your winnings, King Kazama!
Manager: Congratulations, King!
*The Tokyo Dome-sized casino burst with cheers.*
Chinese Person: Whoa! Amazing! He really did it!
Prostitute: King! Kinnnng! King Kazama!
Mafia: A song of congrats! King! King!
Man in Black: Kazama, the King! The King!
*For just a moment, the entire world was one.*
*Men and women of all sorts came together to bless Capt.*
*Some of the men in black started carrying him on their shoulders.*
*And then, a grand chorus sang.*
Man in Black: King! King! King!
Chinese Person: Mister Kazama, the King!
Prostitute 21: Aah! King! Take me now!
Prostitute 32: Spend the night with me, King!
Prostitute 46: This is like a movie! I'm getting chills, King!
Manager: Prepare a parade for the King!
Executive: King, I would like you to take a commemorative photo.
*The rest of us were left on the outside.*
Kazuko: Maybe we should start calling Capt 'King' instead from now on...
Gakuto: I-I can't accept this! I can't even get close to winnin' at bingo! So how does he get that?!
Momoyo: Little bro, just what were the odds there?
Yamato: Umm, this is just a rough estimate, but around 3.2 million to 1.
Chris: Hahaha. I can but laugh.
Yukie: There really is a man like that, huh.
Takuya: He really must have a guardian spirit, or something.
*Money didn't grow on trees.*
*What we'd needed was a sum that students could never obtain normally.*
*Yet Capt had gotten us that, and in a single hand.*
Shouichi: It's time for the King and his merry men to make their glorious return!
Yamato: Y-You're really getting into this!
Shouichi: I made this path, so I'm walking up in front!
*...I had forgotten that this is a place with one foot in the underworld.*
*But wherever we went, together, with Capt, things always felt... good.*
Yamato: You're a fearsome man, Capt.
*He was a man I wanted to one day overcome.*
*However, how could I beat someone who could go to a foreign casino and win a game of poker with a royal flush?*
*I was proud of him, but as a man, I was also frustrated.*
*Thus passed another day before summer break.*
Yamato: Capt's off somewhere again?
*Ever since we plunged into summer break proper, Capt had been going on more and more excursions.*
*In the end, Capt paid off the store owner's debts, gave a reward to the Kuki Corporation and everyone else who had helped us along the way.*
Shouichi: This'll be my seed money to make an even larger fortune!
Shouichi: I'm gonna go make a killing at the horse track! I'll get more, and more, and more!
Yamato: Maybe you should quit while you're ahead.
Shouichi: I'm ignoring your advice, Tactician! I'm on a roll!
Yamato: But you know, Capt...
Shouichi: Call me King!
*And how did things turn out?*
Shouichi: ...Why didn't I just listen to you?
*He squandered away almost all of his winnings.*
*What happened that day seemed like an illusion, now.*
Yukie: Good morning, Yamato-san.
Yamato: You're making breakfast for us again this morning?
Yukie: Yes, I am. It's finally summer break, so I thought maybe I'd make all the meals?
Yamato: You're a big help, since we don't get free meals over the holidays.
Yukie: Yes, I thought the same thing back then.
Yamato: When was that?
*Oh, during Chris's welcoming party.*
Yamato: You've changed, too.
Yukie: Fweh? What about me has changed?
Yamato: You look a little more natural, I guess?
Yukie: I-I do?
*She didn't.*
Yamato: By the way, have you seen Capt?
Yukie: I tried to make him breakfast, but he said he was heading out to eat.
Yamato: He must be hanging out with Kuma-chan again.
Mitsuru: Let's try to discover a new place in the shopping district today.
Shouichi: I guarantee this one's good.
Mitsuru: I'm confident regarding La Cittadella, too, but I'm sure there are stores I've overlooked out this way.
Shouichi: There's lots of food with real history in there. Also the combo meals are great.
Mitsuru: Okay. Please, show me around.
Shouichi: Okay! Then let's start with the places closest to the station!
Tadakatsu: Hmph, Kazama must've taken care of it.
Kyojin: And this old man made a pretty nice return on investment, so tonight, it's finally time to have fun again.
Tadakatsu: Don't go too crazy. You ain't young anymore.
Kyojin: But isn't it nice, being young? I'd forgotten how it felt.
Tadakatsu: Weren't you some crazy-ass kid? Not that you've slowed down now.
Kyojin: Don't say that. You know how much you have to worry about when you run a company?
Tadakatsu: I get that, but... I'm gettin' back to work.
Kyojin: Tadakatsu, tell me your opinion of that bookstore.
Tadakatsu: They're screwed. Of all the things on your list of stuff a good store's gotta do, they're doin' one, maybe two.
Kyojin: Yeah. They've bought some time, but sooner or later, they'll fold.
Tadakatsu: It ain't our problem. We're barely afloat ourselves.
Kyojin: We aren't that far in the red. Though we've gotta be careful.
Tadakatsu: I know that. Otherwise, I'd be out lookin' for new work.
Kyojin: You've gone strong, haven't you? Well, your old man better work hard so you don't give up on him.
*......*
Mitsuru: Whew, I ate so much.
Shouichi: Damn, Kuma-chan. You ate how many times more than me?
Mitsuru: I can't beat you at anything else, though.
Shouichi: It still sucks, though. I thought I wasn't half-bad myself, but dude. This stings.
Mitsuru: I am glad you recognize my talent, Kazama-kun.
Shouichi: 'Course I do. No one out there knows more about food than you.
Mitsuru: Hearing that makes me even happier. *om nom nom*
Shouichi: And you're already diving into some donuts?
Mitsuru: Yeah. I have a separate stomach for sweets.
Shouichi: Damn, dude.
Shouichi: With the loan paid off, looks like you're gonna survive.
Bookstore Owner: I ain't gonna thank you. And I swear I'mma pay you back, ya idiot.
Shouichi: I told you, it's all good.
Bookstore Owner: No adult's gonna just smile and nod when a kid does this much for him.
Shouichi: So then, why don't you go stock up some new books?
Bookstore Owner: Yeah, I oughta, but I ain't sure.
Shouichi: About what?
Bookstore Owner: I'm thankful for you dealing with the loan, really I am.
Bookstore Owner: But problem is, you ain't solved nothin', ya idiot.
Shouichi: Yeah. We still gotta do something about the store's bottom line.
Bookstore Owner: I know that. But I gotta think up a breakthrough.
Shouichi: Then it looks like I'm up again! Leave it to the hero!
Bookstore Owner: This time, you ain't gonna pull somethin' off with luck alone.
Shouichi: Heck, I blew all the money I had at the racetrack, so I figure I won't go that route again anytime soon.
Shouichi: But you know, there's still plenty out there I can do.
Shouichi: Let's start by giving some things a shot!
*And then, at our weekly Friday Meeting.*
Shouichi: So, let's talk about the Kawakami Bookstore.
Takuya: That bookstore's back on the agenda?
Kazuko: Zzz... I'm sorry, Dumbbell. I didn't mean to have an affair with Barbell...
*Wanko immediately crashed, and was now sleeptalking.*
Chris: We rescued them just last week. Are they in more trouble already?
Shouichi: They're always in trouble. This time, we gotta figure out some solution to their financial problems.
Momoyo: Isn't it a little too late for that?
Matsukaze: May be.
Yukie: M-Matsukaze! How can you say that? And after everything Capt's luck has done for the store too!
Miyako: Well, if we're all together, it doesn't really matter what we're doing, but...
Gakuto: It's a real pain.
Shouichi: Don't worry. I'll handle this one myself.
Kazuko: Zzz... Huh? What're we talking about?
Shouichi: Nothing, Wanko, you go on back to sleep.
Takuya: Then we don't have to help out?
Shouichi: Yeah, 'cause I've got a good idea. It's a man's dream!
Yamato: I have no idea what you have in mind, but... Will it work?
Shouichi: Just leave it to me. I'm gonna make something awesome!
*Well, he certainly couldn't make things any worse...*
Chris: I was thinking... (She raised her hand)
Chris: What if they had a mascot? Like, say, a stuffed teddy bear?
Miyako: A bear, in a bookstore.
Chris: It would be perfect. Is it not true that people are drawn to cute things? Yes, yes.
Yamato: Really?
Shouichi: We're on the same page, Chris. I was thinking up something just like that!
*And now I was worried.*
Yamato: Are you sure this'll work?
Shouichi: I won't know unless I try! Heck, I'm gonna do all I can!
Momoyo: Hmmm... What's going to happen now?
Yamato: Once Capt's like this, there's no stopping him.
*I'd just have to think up some countermeasures for if things went south.*
*The end result?*
Bookstore Owner: You seriously think this'll work?!
Shouichi: Isn't this the era of mascot characters?
Shouichi: An original made-to-order item, In-Nakano. Making this cost a pretty penny!
Bookstore Owner: Don't it look stupid? And what's this 'bout Nakano?
Shouichi: That's the mascot's name. Why don't you try putting it on?
Bookstore Owner: Well, you ponied up the cash, Bandana, so why not?
*The store owner put on the animal costume and started moving around.*
Shouichi: What do you think?
Bookstore Owner: Hey, this ain't as heavy as it looks, Bandana.
Shouichi: Right?
Bookstore Owner: This thing's almost nice. I figured I'd boil in the summer heat.
Shouichi: That's 'cause it's got ventilators to let outside air flow in.
Bookstore Owner: But where the heck am I gonna put this?
Shouichi: If you deflate it, it won't take up much space to move or store.
Bookstore Owner: Damn, this thing's great.
Shouichi: If you're gonna do something, you gotta do it right. I even hired a famous designer to design it.
Bookstore Owner: But there's one thing...
Shouichi: Hm?
Bookstore Owner: Just, why?
Shouichi: 'Cause it's sweet!
Bookstore Owner: You think this'll bring customers, ya idiot?!
*And he was right: While kids came to laugh at it, the mascot failed to bring in new customers.*
*Today was a school day.*
Suguru: Ergo, this is the season of ComiFest!
Takuya: It's our summer and winter festival.
Suguru: Indeed it is, my brother! And into this event shall we invest every penny we've earned!
Ikurou: Aren't there lots of cosplayers there too? Maybe I'll head there to see them.
Suguru: Cosplayers, the wonderful people who try to move the despairing 3D world even a little closer to the bliss of 2D.
Ikurou: Too many women wear jeans these days. But what about my needs? Where are my panty shots!
Suguru: Panties are works of art. Depicting the perfect low-leg panty shot is something which artists and authors alike may eternally strive to perfect.
Ikurou: But there's too many guys. I feel like I'd just wilt away.
Takuya: I can't deal with crowds either.
Suguru: The recent increase in 'customers' is most unpleasant. They are scum who would defile our holy land.
Takuya: Don't some even try to skip on paying the train fare?
Suguru: They who do not follow even the simplest of rules haven't the right to call themselves nerds. They lack even the slightest of virtues.
Takuya: But aren't you one of the ones who shows up the night before?
Suguru: Where there is a line, so too am I. Opportunity shall not pass me by.
*They were having a lively conversation about this summer's events.*
Mayo: Chika-chan, you don't have much of a tan.
Chika: I totally wanted one, but blemishes are such a pain, you know?
Haguro: You so need some color, girlfriend. You like a ghost.
Chika: Says the one whose skin is practically black every month of the year!
Haguro: Well, I, like, always go to a tanning salon.
Chika: You are so going to regret that once you're older.
Haguro: I totally have confidence in my skin. Like, this host was telling me I'm legit smooth.
Chika: (You so shouldn't have to worry about drying out at our age.)
Haguro: And come to think of it, when I got a full-body tan earlier, some of my hairs actually started to burn! Like, OMG!
Mayo: Your head hairs? You should be more careful.
*I really didn't want to hear another word of what they had to say.*
Mitsuru: Man, it's hot. I thought I'd take a walk for once, and now I'm covered in sweat.
Shouichi: It's a real scorcher, yeah.
Mitsuru: We haven't had gelato in so long. Let's go get some.
Shouichi: Hmmm...
Mitsuru: What is it, Kazama-kun?
Shouichi: Hmm? Nah, it's nothing.
Mitsuru: When you're worried about something, it's best to let yourself eat.
Mitsuru: The joy of eating will let you forget for a while.
Shouichi: This isn't something I can let myself forget.
Mitsuru: It's that serious?
Shouichi: But tests, stuff like that? I'd be down with forgetting all about them.
Mitsuru: You must have your hands full.
Shouichi: To be honest, yeah...
Mitsuru: This is the first time I've ever seen you with that look on your face, Kazama-kun.
Shouichi: Sorry. Ask me out again some time.
Mitsuru: Hey, Kazama-kun?
Shouichi: Hm?
Mitsuru: If there's anything I can do to help, just say the word.
Shouichi: Sure, thanks.
*......*
Shouichi: Hmm, what do I do...
Jun: Hey, if it ain't Kazama.
Shouichi: Baldie, eh?
Jun: This here's Class 2-S. I'm fine with you coming in the door, but the rest of them might call you a monkey again.
Shouichi: A monkey? Me?!
Shouichi: ...That's pretty harsh, man.
Jun: Hey, what's the matter? You seem out of it.
Jun: Did a young girl catch your eye? Because that's no sin.
Jun: Let me welcome you to the World of Lolis.
Shouichi: Heck no. Don't get ahead of yourself.
Koyuki: My name's Koyuki!
Jun: Oh, hey, Yuki.
Koyuki: ...Weeeeird...
Shouichi: Hm?
Koyuki: Your eyes never ever ever look dead.
Koyuki: How'd that happen, Mr. Hero?
Shouichi: The enemy I'm up against this time's just too much... I'm struggling.
Koyuki: Hmm, hmm...
Jun: Who's the foe? Depending on who it is, maybe I can help.
Shouichi: Hmm, I'd say I'm fighting the way the world works? Or maybe capitalism?
Shouichi: I wanna help the little bookstore in the shopping district make it big, but the big one by the station's stealing all the customers.
Jun: I see. That's on a different level than your normal worries, huh.
Koyuki: So you're up against the real world.
Koyuki: My creative appetite's bubbling up. Question!
Shouichi: Huh?
Koyuki: If you encounter a hurdle you can't overcome,  what do you do? 1) Keep trying to overcome it. 2) Give up and accept reality.
Shouichi: She's talking a lot today, wouldn't you say?
Jun: Kind of, yeah. She's really getting into this.
Koyuki: C'mon, what would you do? Nahaha.
Shouichi: I'd go with 1), duh! That's who I am!
Koyuki: Is that your final answer?
Shouichi: Yep.
Koyuki: Then let's go see what the real-world picture show has to say about that!
Koyuki: If you write dreams and reality into a show, your heart'll go all wibbly-wobbly OK, whish whoosh whoo!
*Sakakibara Koyuki started drawing a series of images at an unbelievable pace.*
Koyuki: Unable to give up, you keep on crashing into the wall, struggling in pain. Reality is just too strong. Whoopsie-daisy.
Shouichi: Hey, what're you sayin' that for?
Koyuki: I call it, The Failure of a Hero.
Koyuki: So, what happens next?
Kokoro: Obviously, his heart shall shatter.
Margit: You will grasp reality.
Jun: Why'd you two jump in?
Kokoro: I couldn't help myself, not after hearing such an interesting conversation.
Shouichi: If there's something you want to say, then spit it out.
Shouichi: I ain't gonna stand around and let people look down at me.
Jun: Enough, Kazama. Don't say that, or he'll-
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. Kuki Hideo arrives unannounced!
Azumi: As does his maid, Azumi.
Touma: What an interesting event this has turned into, wouldn't you say?
Jun: You, too, Young Master?
Shouichi: Looks like all the main members of 2-S are here.
*But Shouichi had no allies in this place.*
Jun: Oh my Buddha! Have mercy on his soul.
*Though Jun sympathized with Shouichi, he was a member of 2-S.*
Kokoro: So the child-hero has finally learned the truth of the world.
Koyuki: Heheheh...
Kokoro: One could say that the large bookstore is we, Class 2-S, while the small one is you, 2-F.
Margit: Naturally, this world is ruled by survival of the fittest. A wild rabbit has but one fate.
*They kept hammering away.*
Shouichi: I know I can turn things around!
Hideo: Mwahahahaha. We love your recklessness, commoner!
Touma: Everyone, it would seem Kazama-kun is in a bind.
Kokoro: Let us take this chance to teach 2-F a lesson!
Shouichi: Sorry, but there's nothing out there I'm learning from you.
Touma: My oh my. How can a man so beautiful be so pitiful?
Shouichi: Me? Pitiful?
Touma: You are a hero, to be sure. An admirable one.
Touma: Yet you are a hero only because you dwell in the world of children.
Touma: Someday, you will be overwhelmed by the implacable absurdities of society. That I can promise.
Azumi: Isn't that just too bad? 
Touma: Please accept that the time has finally come for you to fail.
Shouichi: Who made you the boss of that?!
Jun: Enough!
*Shouichi was about to throw himself at Touma, but Jun stopped him.*
Jun: I can't let you lay a hand on the Young Master.
Koyuki: But I already started warming up for a fight!
Jun: Oh, c'mon, just let yourself cool off.
Koyuki: Jun, you meanie.
Touma: It would be best for you to calm down, Kazama-kun. There's no need for shouting.
Shouichi: I'm not pitiful. And I won't fail!
Touma: Then you are most unwise.
Shouichi: Well maybe I'm not so smart as all you 2-S honor students.
Shouichi: But if I'm in the right mood, there's nothing out there I can't do!
Hideo: Mwahaha. Hilarious. We can only laugh at such comedy, Kazama.
Shouichi: This isn't a joke! I'm serious!
Hideo: Listen, Kazama. Every man has a certain capacity.
Azumi: Isn't it great? Hideo-sama is lecturing you himself. Now won't you listen quietly?
Hideo: Our eyes judge your capacity to be that of a neighborhood hero, one who chastises delinquents.
Azumi: So you're just too small
Kokoro: My capacity, meanwhile, is like an elegant flower basket.
Azumi: So... Teeny-tiny?
Kokoro: The elegance is all that matters!
Shouichi: Then I guess you're too blind to see, Kuki!
Hideo: Is that so? Your parents are prone to debauchery, and your workplace is all but bankrupt. We weep for how fierce your trials must have been, commoner.
Shouichi: ...Huh?
Hideo: We are the head of the Kuki Conglomerate's Commerce Division. You are Kazuko-dono's friend. We could provide aid, if you so wished.
Shouichi: Don't make fun of the people I respect!
Azumi: --!
Hideo: Take no action, Azumi!
*Azumi stood still, her twin blades remaining at the ready, as Shouichi's fist crashed into Hideo's face.*
Shouichi: Why didn't you dodge it, or block?!
Hideo: Your punch is too listless to demand such action!
Kokoro: Hey, Kuki! Your nose! It's bleeding!
Azumi: He is trying to make a point. Don't make light of the situation!
Kokoro: Nwah?! Keep those blades away from me!
Shouichi: Now it's your turn. Punch me back!
Hideo: There is no value in striking one so meager that he cannot admit his own failures.
*And so tempers began to cool.*
Touma: Hideo, are you all right? You've bled considerably.
Hideo: Mwahaha. This is a trifle compared to back then!
Azumi: Hideo-sama... It pains me just to look at your wound.
Hideo: Do not pity Us, Azumi. For this is how We live.
Shouichi: ...?
Hideo: Well, Kazama? You have struck Us, the treasure of Japan, yet nothing has changed. Nothing can change.
Shouichi: Kh!
Hideo: Hence We judged you akin to a local hero.
Touma: There is much to be gained from differentiating the things you can do and the things you cannot.
Shouichi: There's... nothing... I can't...
*He falls to his knees, his hands on the hallway floor.*
Touma: Kazama-kun, are you all right?
Touma: Perhaps we took things a little too far. Apologies.
*Any other man would have been quick to accept his helping hand. However...*
Shouichi: ...I'm fine. I'll stand on my own.
*He was in the worst of moods.*
Azumi: Hideo-sama, it's time for the regularly scheduled meeting.
Hideo: What? When We are yet to meet Kazuko-dono today? Gah! Must this too be a trial?
Azumi: Everyone, make way for the rickshaw!
Touma: You must take the occasional rest, Hideo. If anything does befall you, please come to our hospital.
Hideo: We shall never fall! So then, let Us proceed!
Azumi: Kuki Hideo-sama, coming through!
*The rickshaw coursed through the halls, kicking up dust as it went.*
Jun: He's gotta take things slower.
Kokoro: Now my garments have been despoiled.
Jun: I don't think that's the right word.
Kokoro: A woman of my class always uses the most proper diction.
Touma: There's no need for us to linger here. Shall we head home?
Koyuki: Yay.
*And then there was no one left.*
Yamato: Was all that noise from our class?
Gakuto: I guess we missed it, since we were in the other buildin' and all...
Takuya: I wonder what happened. Wait, Capt?
Shouichi: ......
Yamato: What are you doing in front of 2-S? Let's go home.
Shouichi: Go on ahead. I need to think for a bit.
Yamato: Is this about the bookstore again?
Takuya: Maybe it's just time to let things go. Maybe there's nothing left we can do.
Shouichi: ...Ugh... Yeah, they might be right.
Yamato: Capt?
*Something about this was making me uneasy.*
Miyako: Moro's not here today, huh.
Yamato: He headed out early for ComiFest today.
Miyako: There he goes again...
Yamato: You weren't here yesterday, and today's the second today of ComiFest.
Miyako: I just wanted to buy a book. That's all I have to say.
Yamato: From one of *those* bookstores?
*Which, from where I was standing, was pretty normal for her.*
Yamato: But still, I thought there'd be more people here than this.
Miyako: Mayucchi and Chris are both with their families.
Yamato: Aren't they supposed to be back today?
Miyako: Mm-hm.
*I couldn't wait to see what they'd brought back.*
Yamato: Wanko's doing her usual roadwork.
Miyako: And Momo-senpai's out picking up girls. This time, in Shounan.
Yamato: That's her usual too.
*It was just another run-of-the-mill summer vacation day.*
Miyako: And then, on that run-of-the-mill day, came this!
Yamato: Oh, a movie.
Miyako: I picked something famous that you've never seen before. If you don't watch it, you won't understand what everyone else is talking about.
Yamato: Then I guess I have to.
Miyako: Yes. You do. Specifically, with me. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: But Cookie's undergoing his regularly scheduled maintenance, so we can't leave the dorm unattended.
*Mrs. Shimazu had taken advantage of the strong yen to take a vacation aborad, leaving us to watch over the dorms.*
Miyako: Things over there are spicy in every sense of the word.
Yamato: Well, I won't say anything.
Miyako: We'll go see it tomorrow. Everyone will be back by then.
Yamato: Yeah, you're right. That works.
Yamato: It's never a waste to investigate all of the summer films.
*The story had been pretty cheap, but the acting hadn't been half-bad.*
Miyako: I'm happy just being with you, Yamato. And it was a love story.
Yamato: That one would've been awkward to go see alone. Nice choice, Miyako.
Miyako: And then my body starts to glow hotter and hotter!
Yamato: It's not like we saw a softcore porno.
*I sensed someone coming, so I separated myself from Miyako.*
Bookstore Owner: Hey, can I have a sec?
Yamato: Aren't you owner of the store where Capt works?
Miyako: How dare you interrupt this moment of bliss?!
Bookstore Owner: Why's short-hair over there pissed off?
Yamato: Don't worry about her. She's just sick.
*I wonder what up?*
Bookstore Owner: Have you guys seen that bandana idiot?
Yamato: Huh? Isn't he working today?
Bookstore Owner: He keeps skipping work lately. I couldn't even open the shop today.
Bookstore Owner: He calls me to say he's takin' the day off, but I don't ever see hide nor hair of him.
Yamato: I'll try giving him a call.
*He didn't pick up.*
Bookstore Owner: Ya idiot. You think I didn't try calling him?
*I couldn't even imagine Capt playing hooky. Not from work, anyways.*
Bookstore Owner: If he was out worryin' about my store again, I figured a good chop to the head'd fix that idiocy.
Miyako: Now that you mention it, he wasn't at the last Friday Meeting either.
Yamato: He texted us that day, saying he didn't feel well.
*And Cookie was still undergoing maintenance.*
Miyako: It is summer break, so maybe he went on a trip?
Yamato: It's likely, but I still can't imagine him skipping work.
*Something unexpected must have come up.*
Bookstore Owner: I've known the guy for a long time, but I don't get it. He ain't the kind of idiot to get up to this.
Miyako: Do you think something happened?
Yamato: Let's find out.
Bookstore Owner: By the way, don't worry about me or the store. Just make sure that idiot's not doin' nothin' idiotic.
*What an understanding store owner.*
*......*
*And then, as we were walking around the shopping district-*
Mitsuru: Oh, it's Naoe-kun and Shiina-san.
Yamato: Kuma-chan, you're not with Capt?
Mitsuru: I'm not, no. He hasn't accepted any of my invitations recently.
Yamato: Wait, how long are we talking about here?
Mitsuru: Ever since the day we had to go to school. I tried to talk to him on the way home, but he looked worried about something.
Yamato: So there really is something on his mind.
Miyako: I hope he doesn't spiral downwards, like I did back then.
*We might wind up needing an emergency meeting.*
Mitsuru: By the way, Naoe-kun?
Yamato: What is it?
Mitsuru: If there's anything I can do to help, just ask.
Yamato: Thanks. But first, we have to find him.
Miyako: Sheesh. Where in the world did he wander off to?
Mitsuru: I see Kazama-kun has friends he can rely on.
Yamato: We're childhood friends. We stick together, through thick and thin.
Miyako: Yamato, let's split up.
Yamato: Let's call everyone else. I'll get the guys.
*While contacting everyone else on my phone, I made my way towards the riverbed.*
Mitsuru: And they're off.
Mitsuru: It must be nice, Kazama-kun, having such good friends.
Shouichi: ...I'm so boring. Was I always this boring?
Yamato: I've finally found you.
*Capt was standing alone by the riverbed.*
Yamato: Where've you been?
Shouichi: On a journey to find myself. It was a one-day trip.
Yamato: Hey, that's a little short.
Shouichi: On the way, I played soccer against some kids.
Shouichi: Then I was a ringer in a company-league baseball game...
Shouichi: I got three hits from four at bat.
Yamato: What were you doing?
Shouichi: I know I've got that sort of stuff down, but...
*I considered contacting everyone, but I stopped myself.*
*I wanted to hear Capt out first.*
Yamato: The bookstore owner was pretty worried.
Shouichi: I tried everything I could think up, but I couldn't get us a single customer.
Yamato: It's not in that bad of a spot, so advertising could only help so much. I should have forced you to stop.
Shouichi: I wasted good money, thanks to that. A lot of money, now that I think about it.
Yamato: You chose to use that money, Capt. It wasn't wasted.
Shouichi: But I failed. Maybe it was all just luck.
*A lot of it was, to be sure.*
*But none of us had chosen to follow Capt just because he was lucky.*
Shouichi: I've thought about a lot of stuff on my own, even had second thoughts about myself.
Shouichi: And then I couldn't believe how small I am.
Yamato: You? Small?
Shouichi: Yeah. There's things I can do... and things I can't.
*Capt had always been a hero.*
*One to fight against whatever problems arose, never giving up.*
*No matter how bad things looked, he stayed firm, pushed through, and made the impossible possible.*
Shouichi: Thinking about Aoi and Kuki and it made me realize they're pretty awesome.
Yamato: Why's that?
Shouichi: They've got power. Power I can only dream of. Power to do whatever they want, all on their own.
Yamato: I don't know what to do with you, not when you're being that hard on yourself.
Shouichi: As a kid, I was always the best at everything, but...
Shouichi: Things are pretty rough this time, huh.
Yamato: I see, I see. So what about me? I admire you. Does that mean I'm worthless, too?
Shouichi: Huh?
*Argh. This wasn't even worth thinking about.*
Shouichi: Gwah!
Yamato: Awake yet? Go apologize to yourself.
Shouichi: Is the tactician rising up against his lord?
Yamato: When a lord errs, it's the tactician's job to set him on the right path.
Shouichi: Whatever. You hit me, so I'm hitting you back...
Yamato: Heh-hem. Okay, listen up. I have something very important to--
Shouichi: This makes us even!
*He sent me flying.*
Yamato: Gah...! Th-That hurt. I was trying to give a speech, too...
Yamato: If Gakuto had punched you, you'd be floating in the river. And a punch from Nee-san would've sent you into orbit.
Shouichi: Huh? What're you tryin' to get at?
Yamato: My punch just made you stagger. I'm not cut out for physical combat.
Shouichi: Well, yeah. You're a thinker.
Yamato: That's right. That's my strength.
Yamato: Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses. That includes you, Capt.
Yamato: We just have to complimenteach other's weaknesses.
Yamato: Do you think we all hang out together for nothing?
Yamato: You're always free to rely on us.
Yamato: Every hero has a crew like that, sidekicks and assistants.
Shouichi: ...A crew, huh?
Yamato: Use us. We'll be there for you.
Shouichi: This isn't something like the gambling trip, something that only took a day.
Yamato: Yeah, we know that.
Yamato: Sure, there's stuff you can do on your own, and stuff you can't.
Yamato: But the nine of us, together? I figure we can do anything. Even make a baseball team.
Shouichi: ...I get it... So that's your point.
Shouichi: Sweet! In that case, let's talk to everyone!
Yamato: That's right. That's why you're our leader.
*And to me, you would always be...*
Shouichi: Yamato, you're the one who opened my eyes.
Yamato: Looks like it.
Shouichi: Argh! I can't let that old store owner, or anyone else, see me like this!
Shouichi: Sitting around worrying's just not my style! Kazama Shouichi is back in action!
*The fire has returned to Capt's eyes.*
Shouichi: My body's itching to get something done!
Yamato: And my body's throbbing with pain where you hit me.
Shouichi: My cells are ordering me to run!
*Capt sprinted away in an instant.*
Yamato: Good luck out there, Hero.
*He was my goal, which meant he needed to stay at his brilliant best.*
Momoyo: Looks like a lot happened while I was enjoying my summer adventure.
Yamato: We got up to some mischief.
Shouichi: It's a chip on my shoulder.
Momoyo: Well, let's say we leave it at that.
Kazuko: All I did was train, train, train.
Yamato: You weren't just playing?
Kazuko: But Yamato, nobody cared about me, and Onee-sama went off by herself to the ocean, so I was so lonely!
Momoyo: Forgive me, Wanko. I swear I'll make it up to you.
Takuya: You two went back home, right?
Yukie: Yes. I reported to my father about school here.
Chris: My father told me to come back home. I suspect I will be spending most extended breaks at home from now on.
Miyako: We are the three who spend breaks at home.
Chris: Huh? Miyako, you went home, too?
Miyako: ...This is my home.
Momoyo: And I picked up easily 20 girls at the ocean. Once I was done with one hot ass, there was always another one waiting.
Gakuto: That's no fair, Momo-senpai. I keep hittin' on girls and I never get that lucky.
Chris: Because you were chased away by the police?
Yukie: G-Gakuto-san, whatever did you do?!
Miyako: I can't believe a member of our Family is a criminal!
Gakuto: All I did was hit on some girls, and suddenly I was surrounded by the cops!
Takuya: Let me guess. You refused to take no for an answer?
Gakuto: Who would have thought a guy as nice as I would meet such a fate?
*I would've.*
Yamato: But even so, Nee-san, your skin is pure white.
Momoyo: And it's silky smooth too.
*She pressed her skin against mine.*
Chris: I would have expected you to be more tan, since you went to the beach.
Yukie: It is a mystery.
Momoyo: I must've buffed up so strong that my muscles even repel UV rays.
Yamato: That makes absolutely no sense.
Matsukaze: Amazing. Mayucchi, you've gotta try that!
Yukie: Th-There's no way I could do that.
Takuya: Well, we're all pretty pale here.
Yamato: But no one's as pale as you, Moro.
Gakuto: You look like a ghost.
Takuya: Ooh... Why can't I get a tan?
Shouichi: So it looks like everyone's enjoyin' summer in their own way. Sweet.
*Capt started to act.*
Shouichi: We didn't meet last week, so we're having this emergency meeting today.
Yamato: I'll explain what's on the agenda.
*Capt and I had already talked things over.*
Yamato: Capt's been working hard by himself all summer, but he hasn't been able to breathe life into the Kawakami bookstore.
Gakuto: The place looks like it's on the brink even now. They're totally screwed.
Shouichi: That bookstore owner's been like a father to me.
Takuya: Capt, isn't your father alive?
Shouichi: What's wrong with having two dads?
Yukie: You really idolize the store owner, don't you?
Shouichi: Anyways, that's why I see this as a family crisis. And my family's your family.
Gakuto: That sounds pretty forced.
Kazuko: What's the big deal? When family's in trouble, of course you help out.
Gakuto: Well, I guess you've gotta help family.
*Gakuto grinned.*
*No one seemed strongly opposed.*
Chris: So then, should we all share our opinions?
Yamato: Capt tells me he's got a plan.
Takuya: Didn't his plan fail before?
Yamato: We're going to believe in Capt and follow his lead. But we're going to be assertive in helping him out and giving him advice.
Chris: So this will be a work created by the entire Family, then.
Yukie: I'll do whatever I can, too.
Matsukaze: You figured out your best selling point, Mayucchi? Good goin', girl.
Shouichi: I was reading fairy tales in my room when I thought, 'Hey, wouldn't this work?'
Momoyo: It's wonderful that you found your answer so quickly.
Yamato: What came to mind?
Shouichi: We're gonna make a book!
Takuya: I guess that's more realistic than flying overseas to gamble.
Chris: But that said, it still sounds rather unreasonable.
*Some people responded negatively.*
Yamato: Let him finish.
Shouichi: Right now, even if he starts stocking books that'll sell, his customers won't come back.
Miyako: He can't fight against online stores and their point systems.
Shouichi: So that means we gotta get them something awesome, something you can't find anywhere else!
Takuya: But most of the books there are historical. We can't deviate from that.
Shouichi: Don't worry, we'll be stayin' on topic. The book's gonna be a history.
Chris: As a fan of history, you have my attention.
Yukie: B-But there's already so many books based on the past.
Shouichi: There's gotta be something out there only we can make.
Gakuto: Heck, I don't even know much about history. It doesn't interest me.
Kazuko: I've had enough of the Heian era for the rest of my life!
Momoyo: But I know you've got an answer that'll satisfy us, right?
Shouichi: You can't see the stuff right under your nose. There's a piece of history we can be proud of.
Yamato: I get it.
Shouichi: We live in the ninth most populous city in the country, one with a history stretching all the way back to the Edo era!
Takuya: All right, so we'll focus on the local city.
Gakuto: I don't really get it, but I totally get it.
Yukie: Things are getting gotten pretty amazing, Matsukaze.
Matsukaze: Don't fall behind on me -- sink your teeth into this! Soon they'll be thinkin' you're a native local.
Chris: So then, do you have a more concrete topic?
Shouichi: Guys, help me figure that one out.
Miyako: Things would get out of hand if we left that to Capt.
Shouichi: Yeah. I have so much I want to say and do, I can't put it all together myself.
Yamato: I'll handle organization and instructions.
*On this day, with only a little bit of summer break remaining,*
*Things started to pick back up.*
*-Operation Alpha: Propaganda-*
*This was our flyer distribution squad.*
Kazuko: Please take one!
Yukie: P-Please take o-one!
Gakuto: Mayucchi, you gotta get it together.
Yukie: I-I'll try harder!
Gakuto: No, you need to dial it down. You're driving everyone away.
Kazuko: Are you sure that's not because you're in just a tank top?
Gakuto: Who would run away from someone as muscular as I?
Hideo: Ohhh, here is Our beloved Kazuko-dono!
Kazuko: Wahahhh! Y-You surprised me.
Gakuto: Guh. Why do I gotta see your face even during summer break?
Gakuto: Anyways, Wanko, at least give him the thing.
Kazuko: Y-Yeah. Here, have this.
Hideo: Have We received a gift from Kazuko-dono?!
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! We cannot conceal how Our heart has been set aflutter!
Gakuto: You've never tried to hide anything.
Hideo: When We one day control the world, We shall declare this day a holiday.
Hideo: Oh, and would this be what commoners use as tissue?
Hideo: Hm, the Kawakami Bookstore? That is not a name We are familiar with.
Azumi: It's a nearby used bookstore, Hideo-sama.
Yukie: U-Umm, the books are new, not used, so...
Hideo: We see. Kazuko-dono, these tasteful works are to your liking.
Kazuko: No, I don't really like them myself. I'm just--
Hideo: Good. Then We will acquire this Kawakami Bookstore! Begin negotiations immediately, Azumi. Pay him in won.
Azumi: As you wish
Kazuko: Wawawa, no! Don't do that, Kuki-kun!
*Here, people were putting inserts into newspapers.*
Takuya: I know we're trying to keep costs down, but do we really have to do this by hand?
Chris: Hmm, the world of sumo is always making the news.
Chris: I had heard that the earth quakes with every sumo match, but...
Takuya: That must be why they take breaks between matches. If they don't, the whole island will sink.
Chris: Oh, of course. I should have expected no less from Japan's national sport.
Takuya: She actually believed me...
Takuya: Senpai, stop reading the articles, you need to insert the advertisements.
Momoyo: Why is there only one 4-panel comic in the whole newspaper?
Momoyo: I wish they'd put in more for people like me.
Takuya: (Yamato, why did you stick me with these two?)
*And finally, the intel team.*
Shouichi: It's a history and all, but I still wanna talk about today's Kawakami.
Yamato: We'll need that if we want to capture a broad audience.
Miyako: This neighborhood changes with each passing day.
Shouichi: And that's why we gotta go out and do this. Right now's our time as students. How's anyone gonna know what it was like if we don't put it in print?
Yamato: That makes it sound kind of fun.
Miyako: I guess so. I want to be able to sit down with Yamato when we're old and reminisce about this era.
Yamato: So it's already set in stone we'll be together that long?
Miyako: I can't even imagine a future where we're not.
*At any rate, we were slowly finding our direction.*
Bookstore Owner: I saw the flyer, ya idiot. You're still tryin'?
Shouichi: I won't give up.
Bookstore Owner: Then you're an even bigger idiot than me.
Shouichi: On that note, there's something I wanna ask you.
Bookstore Owner: Wait till you're off the clock. Just because there's no customers don't mean I can't work you to the bone after those times you skipped.
Yamato: This place really is important, huh.
*This was a martial arts headquarters, the symbol of the city and its namesake.*
Yukie: You can really feel the history here.
Chris: Hear those mighty voices shouting in the distance sets my heart at ease.
*But it went without saying that such histories were a dime a dozen.*
Yukie: We could find more books on the subject at the library than we could ever read.
*By the way, Miyako and Moro were busy researching at said library.*
Chris: If that is all we have, we would be only copying their efforts.
Yamato: That's true, but we don't want to write just another reference. It needs to be something more entertaining.
*And maybe what we were looking for would be at the Kawakami Temple.*
Kazuko: Grandpa said we can come in.
Tesshin: Kazuko told me what's going on. You are free to look at any public document.
Chris: Thank you very much.
Tesshin: Seeking to create something is a noble endeavor. Do your best, so you have no regrets.
Lu: I don't know much about the history of the Kawakami Temple myself.
Tesshin: Then you should take this opportunity to study as well, Lu.
Lu: I will. I look forward to the book coming out.
Kazuko: Grandpa, you wouldn't happen to know any interesting stories, would you?
Tesshin: I do. I haven't spent my whole life doing nothing.
*Then we had ourselves a good source of information.*
*Right now, everyone was hard at work trying to find good sources.*
Gakuto: Earning money while trainin' my body will make me into an even nicer guy.
*The more muscular were out working.*
Gakuto: Now then, time for a break.
Yukie: Gakuto-san, I made you a packed lunch.
Gakuto: Filled to the brim with meat?
Yukie: Yes. But the nutritional balance seems...
Takuya: Wah! There's beef, pork and chicken.
Gakuto: See? It is balanced.
Takuya: Balanced how?!
Yukie: Then I'll go bring Momo-senpai her lunch.
*She hadn't just made Gakuto's lunch, of course.*
Gakuto: Be careful that she doesn't gobble you up.
Yukie: ......?
Takuya: I'm scared she might actually do it.
*......*
Momoyo: I also wanted to pay you back the money I owe, so I worked extra hard.
Yamato: Well done.
Momoyo: But thanks to that, I'm really tired. And we both know there's only one way for me to recharge my batteries -- messing with you.
Yamato: Gah! I'm pretty tired myself.
*But she refused to take no for an answer.*
Shouichi: I heard loads more stuff from the store owner.
Yamato: And we were able to talk to their grandfather.
*We needed to hear from those who'd lived here a long time.*
Momoyo: I can't believe you listened to Gramps drone on and on without falling asleep.
Yukie: It was long, but it was very interesting.
Chris: Japan is truly the country I envisioned it to be.
Yamato: Only with regards to a small subset of its people.
*There had been so many stories that defied common sense.*
Yamato: It's the last day of summer. Thanks to Nee-san and Gakuto, we've got a fair bit of money.
Gakuto: But I don't think it'll be enough, so I'll keep on working.
Momoyo: It's been nice. I've had lots more girls come up to me.
Gakuto: I haven't seen anyone but old men. Why the discrimination?
Yamato: What about you?
*I looked over to the library team.*
Miyako: We gathered the documents.
Takuya: Finding and looking through them takes a lot of time, huh.
Yamato: We have to properly credit all of our references, so don't forget to check that too.
Miyako: We haven't blundered.
Shouichi: But what's the plan for the design?
Yamato: Maybe we should have a pro handle that.
*We'd need someone to help finish it off regardless.*
Chris: What if Capt does it?
Shouichi: Me?
Yamato: That'd work. I figure he'll make something better than some random pro.
Takuya: He's kinda like a wild pro himself, yeah.
*When he'd drawn Mayucchi, the background had looked like a photograph.*
Yamato: We can leave it to Capt. Heck, it might be a mistake not to.
Shouichi: Got it. Leave all that to me!
*We were inching closer and closer to completion.*
*The new semester began.*
Miyako: It's been a long time since I last came to wake you up in a uniform.
Yamato: Oh yeah, school starts again today.
Miyako: I remembered, and you didn't?
Yamato: I can't remember everything.
*Not when there was so much I had to keep in mind.*
Momoyo: It's the first day after a break, yet no one's here to challenge me?
Momoyo Fan 1: Ahh, It's been so long since I last got to see Momo-senpai!
Momoyo Fan 2: She, like, looks totally hot in a work uniform, but her school uniform is just too good!
Momoyo: Ah, are those sexy voices I hear?
Momoyo Fan 5: Ah -- she looked at us!
Momoyo Fan 6: Today, I'll--!
Momoyo: This could be nice. I'm in a good mood today, so everybody, come along!
*Nee-san broke off, taking her numerous fans along with her.*
Takuya: It's really amazing how popular Momo-senpai is.
Yamato: It's almost like a religion.
Kazuko: Today's a Tuesday, but there's no radio show today, right?
Miyako: No, because there's no lunch break.
*LOVE Kawakami was broadcast every Tuesday during lunch.*
Chris: I would not have thought you would be interested in a radio show, Dog.
Kazuko: I mean, I couldn't care less about what they're talking about, but I love hearing Onee-sama's voice.
*And she wasn't the only one, if I was any judge.*
Yamato: Maybe LOVE Kawakami is something we can use...
*Next week might be a good time to try.*
*......*
Shouichi: Hmm, how about something like this?
Mayo: It looks like a photograph.
Chika: I knew you could draw, but oh my gosh, you're this good?
Ikurou: It's good, but you can't beat a picture. Which means I'm better.
Suguru: Fools, all of you. What madman would dare try to draw a 3D image in a 2D space?
Chika: I don't get why you creeps are always yapping about nonsense.
Suguru: I speak only the truth. The yaoi I found on the second day of ComiFest I can accept, but those idol books are beyond me.
Chika:  I have no idea what any of those nerd words mean.
Mayo: At any rate, your picture is really amazing, Kazama-chan. As your class rep, I'm very proud of your hard work.
Ikurou: Did you say hard?!
Takuya: C-Could you please not turn everything into double entendres?
*Everyone was livened up by Capt's activities.*
Shouichi: Oh yeah, Kuma-chan, let's go out to eat on the way home.
Mitsuru: Okay. I found a new place during summer break.
Shouichi: Some stuff came up and I wasn't able to look for any myself. But I'm gonna make up for it, starting now!
Mitsuru: Just leave this to me. If there's one thing I'm good at, it's knowing my food.
Suguru: And no one can provide a better analysis of Autumn than I.
Takuya: I know you're proud of that, but this really isn't the time.
Yamato: Thanks for earlier.
Kyojin: Is there anything you'd like to ask this old man today?
*He was always eager to take part when I paid his fee in advance.*
Yamato: Mr. Beard, how long have you been running the Agency?
Kyojin: I don't really want to think about it. Makes me realize just how old I've gotten.
Yamato: Tell me about what was going on back then. There must have been major incidents you dealt with.
Kyojin: Ask the principal. I'm old, but I'm not that old.
Yamato: I already did. Now it's your turn, Mr. Beard.
Kyojin: Sure I'm going to be useful? It'll be your job to filter everything.
Yamato: That's my specialty.
*Everyone else was working hard, so I had to do my best too.*
Shouichi: Sweet, check this out. How's it feel?
Yamato: It's even better than I hoped.
*It perfectly conveyed the essence of Kawakami.*
Chris: It has a very nostalgic hue, and is very eye-catching.
Matsukaze: I'm jealous of your talent.
Yukie: So am I, truly.
Momoyo: Does that mean we're done with the front and back covers?
Gakuto: But doesn't it look a little weird?
Kazuko: Aren't book covers supposed to be vertical, like a portrait?
Yamato: Yeah. It would be hard to hold a landscape-orientated book.
*Not that the likes of Wanko or Gakuto would ever pick up the book.*
Shouichi: I got it! Panoramic bird's-eye map of Kawakami!
Kazuko: Pan-uh-what?
Miyako: Panama. It's a country in South America.
Kazuko: Oh, 'kay, I thought it sounded Spanish.
Takuya: That's not even close to what he said. Don't lie to her, Miyako.
Miyako: I wanted to make Wanko more like me.
Yamato: Please don't make her any stupider, for my sake.
Kazuko: Don't call me stupid! What did I even do?!
Gakuto: So anyways, what is that?
Shouichi: It's a wide-angle map drawn as if you were looking down on it from a really high place.
Momoyo: I get it. Then I'll throw Capt up into the air so he can get a perfect bird's-eye view.
Shouichi: Then I'd just keep flyin' forever!
Takuya: How about we just use modern technology instead?
Yamato: Yes. That's why I've arranged for a helicopter ride during our next break.
*It wasn't cheap, but it was a necessary expense.*
Shouichi: Just hearing the word 'helicopter' makes me want to go skydiving.
Yamato: Over an urban area? That's way too dangerous.
*The plan was to have Capt draw the map from above, live.*
Yamato: We have to put in every ounce of effort we can to get people to buy the book.
Gakuto: I had assumed we were makin' a normal book.
Yamato: If all you want is a history with nothing but words, there's a million of those in the library.
Takuya: Yeah. I don't want to see another one ever again.
*Our work had to be something people won't grow tired of.*
Chris: Of course. That does make things simple.
Yamato: We'll put historical text on the back, along with the present-day place names.
Momoyo: That might bring some fresh new warriors. I can't wait.
Kazuko: And we'll get more offerings for sure.
Yamato: That aside, there's no store that dislikes free advertising.
*Which meant I had some negotiations to take care of later.*
*I looked at Chris.*
Chris: Hmm?
Yamato: I know this is sudden, but please go out with me.
Chris: What?!
Miyako: When did you seduce him?!
Yamato: I'm just talking about tomorrow.
Chris: Oh.
Miyako: Limiting your affair to only a single day changes nothing!
Takuya: Miyako, we know you know what he's talking about.
Miyako: It's been a long time since I've done that, and I think it's nice to do sometimes.
Chris: So then, where are we headed?
Yamato: To the library.
Miyako: Even though Moro and I are going, too?
Yamato: We'll be negotiating. And Chris is perfect for that.
Chris: All right. I do personally want to learn more about Kawakami City.
*A blond-haired foreigner, talking about Japanese culture, was sure to be impactful.*
Yamato: Also, we should wander around the station and other popular places. Let's broaden our scope a bit.
Yukie: Umm, is there anything you'd like me to do?
Kazuko: Hand out fliers like before?
Yamato: Advertising is important, but we're going to take it one step further.
Matsukaze: What'cha gonna be doin', girl?
Yukie: Whatever it is, Matsukaze, I'll do it.
Yamato: It's a street survey.
Yukie: Hawawawa, a survey?!
Matsukaze: Dayum, Mayucchi, that ain't good.
Yamato: Don't worry, Mayucchi. I know you can do it.
Yukie: O-Okay!
*This was a good opportunity for her to get more used to people.*
Kazuko: I'll keep an eye on her, so things'll be fine.
Gakuto: Now I'm worried.
Kazuko: I've been here longer than you!
Yamato: I'll write up the survey. Just find people to fill them out whenever you're free. I'm counting on you.
*And with that, I'd given everyone their orders.*
Shouichi: Hmmm.
Yamato: What is it?
Shouichi: Nah, I don't really got anything to say yet... But I kinda wanna rework some things.
Yamato: Having too much stuff in there can be a problem in and of itself.
Shouichi: Yeah, I get that.
Yamato: Anything we add now needs to be something extra.
*The front and back sides of the map were really coming together.*
Shouichi: Just let me think it over for a bit.
Momoyo: You're not going to think of the answer immediately?
Shouichi: Nope. This is something important.
Yamato: If you think it's necessary, Capt, then it is. But try to be quick.
*Though I thought Capt's art alone was enough.*
*Yukie was hard at work by herself.*
Yukie: P-Please fill this out!
*She'd worked together with Kazuko on Saturday, but today, her training meant she was a little late.*
Yukie: Please fill out this survey!
*She could have waited for Kazuko, but instead she chose to do the best she could so that we'd get a few more responses.*
Yukie: Oh, of course. You're busy. I'm sorry to bother you. Maybe next time!
*Naturally, people who actually wanted to fill out surveys were few and far between.*
*With Yukie's nature, doubly so.*
*Even if when she tried to make a smile, her eyes still seemed to glare.*
Yukie: (No, this isn't working...)
*She wanted to rely on Matsukaze, but she knew her normal routine would only make people distance themselves further.*
Yukie: (What was the difference between me and Kazuko when we were handing out fliers?)
*The smile should have been the same, so what was different?*
*She was trying so hard to smile, and yet...*
Yukie: (Kazuko-san's smile was so natural.)
Yukie: (She's always so honest, and never lies about her feelings.)
*But smiling wasn't the only way to be polite.*
*So Yukie stopped trying to force a smile.*
Yukie: Would you please fill out this survey?
*Though no smile adorned her face, earnestness filled her eyes.*
*As did the desire to be useful, the hope that everyone would learn about the book we were making.*
*She threw away that insincere smile and showed people her true face.*
Passerby 1: Oh, isn't she kinda cute?
Passerby 2: We've got time. Why not?
Yukie: Th-Thank you very much!
*Her cuteness started to draw men to her.*
Grandfather: Grandma, isn't that such a sprightly young lass?
Grandmother: A bird's-eye view map? Now doesn't that sound interesting?
*And her sincerity brought senior citizens to her.*
Chika: A panoramic bird's-eye view map? What's that?
Mayo: It's a map of the town's landscape drawn as it looks from above.
*And the subject matter caught students' interest.*
Yukie: Th-Thank you very much!
Passerby 1: Whoa!
Passerby 2: What a shock.
*Though Yukie still couldn't manage an honest smile, she'd made a big step forwards.*
*......*
Yamato: This place is expensive, but they have good online reviews.
*I was browsing graphical designers and publishers.*
*Capt might've been a heck of an artist, but I didn't expect him to have any design skills or sense of style.*
Yamato: Maybe I should select an experienced independent publisher.
*I had a lot of important responsibilities too.*
Momoyo: Oh, you've been working hard, lil' bro.
Yamato: Well, we can't put any of this off.
*I wanted the books to be printed by the middle of next month, and everything to be wrapped up, one way or the other, by the end of it.*
Yamato: And if things drag on, people'll get bored.
Momoyo: Yeah. I've gotten bored of odd jobs myself.
*Nee-san and Gakuto had worked a lot.*
*The sweat of their brows was what paid both for the flyers and for the final books.*
Yamato: ...Shoot. This part of the work is falling behind.
*I could consult my acquaintances and try whatever I could, but I wasn't hopeful.*
Momoyo: Sounds like you've got it rough.
Yamato: I do, but I'll get it done.
Miyako: Work complete.
Momoyo: Where's Mororo?
Miyako: Inputting data. He's not even taking breaks to watch anime.
Yamato: That stuff is his specialty.
*When it came to computers, in our group, Moro was second to none.*
Yamato: Oh yeah, Nee-san, there's something else I'd like to ask.
Momoyo: There's more?
Yamato: On Tuesday...
Momoyo: I can do that, easy. And I'll make Baldie chip in.
Jun: Hi everybody! Has anyone changed things up for the fall semester? Or maybe debuted during summer break? Either way, it's time for LOVE Kawakami!
Jun: With you today with his close-cropped hair is Inoue Jun.
Momoyo: Close cropped my ass, Baldie. And I'm Kawakami Momoyo.
Jun: And that's the first shot you've taken at me since summer vacation.
Momoyo: So then, let's get to the mailbag.
Jun: Whoa, already?!
Momoyo: Momoyo-san, do you read any books?
Jun: Why would a listener ask that? That person doesn't know you one bit, Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: You fool. Even I've liked a book or two.
Jun: Well done, Senpai. Thanks for the laugh so early in the semester.
Momoyo: I'll teach you to laugh! *Crack!*
Momoyo: My co-host has decided to take a nap mid-broadcast, so I'll go it alone.
Momoyo: While not a book, the downtown Kawakami Bookstore is going to have a panoramic bird's-eye map of Kawakami on sale next month.
Momoyo: It's an exclusive that you won't find anywhere else.
Momoyo: Actually, I was involved in the creation of it.
Momoyo: You could even say I made it myself.
Momoyo: As a special gift for any girl who brings me a copy, I'll you carry off in my arms. And if a guy does the same, I'll break your spine.
Momoyo: Oh, and no matter how many copies you buy, it's only once per person.
Jun: M-Momo-senpai, self-advertising seems a bit un...
Momoyo: You still look tired. Take a nap. *Crack!*
*Sorry, Inoue, but we needed more people to know about our book.*
*......*
Shouichi: Being in a helicopter was totally sweet!
Yamato: Did you get a grasp of the landscape?
Shouichi: I made sure to take some photos, yeah. Though I mean, it's not like I'm ever gonna go forget what I saw.
Takuya: You can perfectly picture in your mind what you saw after just seeing it once? That's incredible.
Shouichi: I've said it before and I'll say it again: Kawakami's got a ton of variation to it.
Yamato: There's the Kawakami Temple, of course, but there's also some scenic streets and fashionable spots like La Cittadella.
Miyako: I know the geography of that area perfectly. I've looked up their histories too.
Takuya: And I've put all the text together in a way that's easy to edit. We're leaving graphical design to a pro, right?
Yamato: Yeah. Nice going, guys.
*Both of them were methodical workers, so they'd get the job done.*
Chris: This is such a nice city.
Kazuko: I've known that forever!
Gakuto: Pretty much, yeah.
Yamato: As for where Chris and I went, the library and everywhere else were happy to assist.
Chris: The libraries say they will include it as a resource, and it might even become a part of the school curriculum.
Shouichi: Then we'd better ramp up our order!
Yamato: The train station said they'd join in once the book's finished.
Takuya: It is hard to advertise something that's not out yet.
Yamato: Seriously, it's a good thing they're being as positive as they are.
Kazuko: Which means we're up next!
Yukie: Here you go.
*I started looking over all the surveys Wanko and Mayucchi had gathered.*
Gakuto: What sort of stuff did you ask on the survey?
Yamato: We asked what people wanted to see in the book.
Momoyo: I thought we decided that on our own.
Yamato: Everyone else's voices are important too.
*And we had to listen to them.*
Yamato: But we can't include every request. Let's find out what the most people want.
Kazuko: There's a lot of people asking about restaurants and places to eat.
Yukie: That's right. They're always going to the same places, so they want to learn about new ones.
Shouichi: ...Restaurants?
Miyako: Then this is another opportunity for Capt to shine.
Yamato: Nope.
Shouichi: There's a guy I know who can do it, no sweat.
Miyako: Do you mean someone from outside our Family?
*Miyako didn't look too happy about that.*
Shouichi: I've got the perfect man in mind. We can count on him.
Miyako: I don't think bringing him in will help that much, but... There you go again.
*...And then the days started to fly by.*
*At long last, the books were all lined up at the storefront.*
*We all gathered after school at the school gates.*
Yamato: We went through a lot, huh.
Gakuto: It felt like time just flew by, but I persevered.
Shouichi: And there weren't any really big events.
Takuya: But if Yamato had stuck with the first place he looked at, this day never would've come.
Kazuko: When I saw that on the news, I spit out the milk I was drinking.
Chris: You spit out your milk far too often, Dog.
*Had I gone with the publisher with a good track record, the company president would've ran off with the money.*
Yamato: Even though they were a big company, them saying they could start immediately was a big warning sign.
Gakuto: They were tryin' to trick you from the start?
Takuya: The world's a scary place.
*I wound up going with an up-and-coming publisher and a no-name but punctual graphic designer.*
Yamato: I'm happy with how it turned out. We did all we could.
*Everything had finished on time, with the books sent to the Kawakami Bookstore.*
Shouichi: Still, even though I told the owner he could pay for the books later, he insisted.
Yukie: He paid for every copy.
Yamato: He did say his relative had paid him back some of the money.
*But all the same, it was at most a book made by a bunch of ignorant schoolchildren.*
*What had the store owner thought when he dealt with us?*
Takuya: Do you think it'll sell?
Yukie: I hope it does.
*But there was no way to know how well it'd do.*
Gakuto: I will buy it. I have an attachment to it.
Miyako: Of course.
*The people involved would buy it, yes, but...*
Chris: Every Japanese family should buy a copy.
Kazuko: Everyone from the Kawakami Temple will buy one!
*I could feel my confidence building.*
Momoyo: Heck, of course it's going to sell.
Shouichi: Guys, we gotta believe in ourselves.
*......*
Bookstore Owner: Welcome, ya idiot.
Passerby 1: That store owner is really... intense.
Passerby 2: The book from before's come out. Maybe I'll buy a copy.
Jun: So this is the book Momo-senpai was talking about.
Koyuki: What's it like? Are we gonna stand here and read it?
Touma: We came all this way. Surely we should purchase a copy.
Kokoro: What a filthy establishment. And yet these pictures possess a certain grace. One does occasionally enjoy reading common literature.
Margit: The book Frau Chris recommended is out. I will buy a copy. You all will do the same.
Hideo: Mwahahaha. So this is the book Kazuko-dono spoke of!
Azumi: It is as you say, Hideo-sama.
Hideo: ...Hmm. Purchasing every copy for Our collection is a tempting proposition, but book ought to be read by every citizen. We shall buy but one.
Azumi: As you wish! 
Hideo: Kazama did this? Perhaps We shall raise Our expectations of him.
*And people continued to come.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Oh, this looks interesting.
Tesshin: Ho ho. Maybe we can use this in our curriculum. There's a place to write your name, it should be easy to use.
Lu: So the goal is to convey the city's culture to the next generation, then.
Yamato: It's selling like hotcakes.
*We were watching all of this take place from afar.*
Shouichi: That settles it.
Kazuko: Now the bookstore's safe, huh.
Chris: But only the people interested in the history of Kawakami will be buying copies, right?
Yamato: Nope. This isn't over yet.
*That survey was going to justify all the work we'd put into it.*
Shouichi: The appendix is earning a lot of sales. Tons of people are staring at it.
Chika: Hmm, it looks like every restaurant in the city's listed in here. Oh, and here's our candy store!
Mayo: Now your store will be even more popular.
Suguru: Cup ramen is my standard fare, but that demands I occasionally seek the replenishment of nutrients.
Ikurou: Garlic and eel give you all the energy you need down there!
Mayo: Who wrote this?
Chika: Um, let's see... Huh?!
*A journal of Kawakami's delicacies, by--*
*......*
*Let's rewind a bit.*
Shouichi: You gotta do this!
Yamato: I'm sorry we're asking for so much and so quickly.
*For his work we offered no money. There was nothing in it for him.*
*However...*
Mitsuru: Thank you for relying on me.
*With those words, he gladly accepted.*
*Kumagai Mitsuru, of Class 2-F.*
*Everyone liked him and his gentle personality, but few hung out with him on days off.*
*However, he had one friend who considered him his equal.*
*That friend was Kazama Shouichi.*
*Even though, as one of the Elegante Quattro, he stood on an entirely different level.*
*And even though he hated to lose, Shouichi accepted that, in this, Mitsuru was his better.*
*'This is something only Kuma can write about.'*
*Every hour Mitsuru wasn't in school he spent working on it.*
*He covered everything, from the small shops near the train station to the restaurants in the suburbs.*
*He memorized the taste of each and every item, and expertly described them with his mastery of language.*
Mitsuru: *om nom nom*
*He simply ate. He simply wrote.*
*No matter the food, he always knew just how to write about it.*
Mitsuru: This is around 200 calories.
*Given the ingredients and the style of cooking, he could roughly estimate the number of calories.*
*Work that would save people from lifestyle diseases that would limit their future food options.*
*And it was a big help to a lot of girls.*
*I couldn't imagine a cooler guy.*
*Even the details on the map and the listed distances from public transportation were perfect.*
Mitsuru: I just write about the things the man who accepted me, Kazama-kun, raved about. Not too bad, if I do say so myself.
*The fruits of his labors were enclosed within that book.*
*And fair winds continued to blow.*
Announcer: Right now, Kawakami City is caught up in a huge fad surrounding this panoramic map!
Announcer: And amazingly, this map was created by a group of children living within Kawakami City...
*As a book written by students, it becomes a fad; the trend-loving Japanese people descended on the store.*
Bookstore Owner: Damn, the media's something. The customers just keep coming!
Shouichi: Okay, okay, no need to shove. We've got plenty of copies here!
Bookstore Owner: You ordered another print run, ya idiot? We're short-handed as is.
Shouichi: What's the big deal? Let's make a killing while it's a fad, and whatever's left will sell over time.
Bookstore Owner: I ain't thankin' you. I took a bet when I paid up front in full. I believed it'd sell.
Shouichi: Sheesh, why'd I even bother?
Bookstore Owner: I ain't thankin' you, but I do get why you did it.
Shouichi: Huh?
Bookstore Owner: Thanks, son.
Shouichi: Boss, what...?
Bookstore Owner: I ain't gonna say it again, ya idiot! Now get more books from the back, Bandana!
Shouichi: On it, pops!
Bookstore Owner: So you did hear, ya idiot. Heheh.
*......*
*......*
*Ever since he was little, Capt had been a hero.*
*Sometimes, heroes lose. Their hearts break.*
*But in the end, they always win.*
*No matter the foe. Even against something incorporeal.*
Yamato: And thus, we bested reality and saved the store.
Chris: What a moving tale. Fantastic.
Gakuto: When we're together, no one can stand against us.
Kazuko: We can do anything if we all work together.
Takuya: This took more than just raw luck.
Miyako: Honestly, I thought we wouldn't pull it off this time.
Yukie: B-But we did get our happy ending.
Momoyo: Hey, hey, don't end things yet.
Shouichi: That's right. Our adventure's only just beginning! No, it hasn't even started yet!
Yamato: ...Explain.
Shouichi: I always figured I'd adventure on my own. You know, like my old man.
*Capt's father, a man with unparalleled talent and ability, journeyed the world alone.*
Shouichi: But nah. I gotta have a party at my back.
Yamato: And why's that?
Shouichi: Because that way seems way more adventurous.
*He made it sound like a game.*
Gakuto: I will be a warrior.
Takuya: Heck, aren't all the girls warriors?
Miyako: I'll be an archer. A hunter of love and a hunter of mushroom-shaped appendages.
Momoyo: I know chakra, so maybe I'll be a monk. I am from a temple.
Gakuto: I don't think monks are supposed to be that destruct
... Yeouch!
Momoyo: Hm? Did I screw up?
Yamato: Even if you did, I wouldn't tell you.
*Funeral processions were part of a monk's job too.*
Shouichi: Let's all go. Together, we can pull anything off!
Takuya: Guys, this is going way too fast!
Momoyo: Heh heh heh... Hahahahahaha!
*Nee-san burst into laughter.*
Momoyo: Yeah, that's it! Sounds fun. I'm in!
Miyako: What?!
Yukie: Huh?!
Chris: What a shocking development.
Gakuto: Hey, hey, you serious?
Shouichi: Tactician, give me the score.
*It was impossible. Ridiculous.*
*Or so the old me would've said.*
Yamato: We'll never know unless we try.
Shouichi: Sweet, then that settles it!
*It meant life would be insane, but... With everyone? With him?*
*Together, it didn't sound half-bad.*
Yamato: I'll work up a five-year plan right now!
*Our life journey had only just begun.*
====================act_k_岳人シナリオ.bin====================: Today, Gakuto was once again possessed with a certain hunger.
Gakuto: Senpai, I have to talk to you. And you're goin' to love what I gotta say.
Gakuto: Wouldn't you like to go out with a nice guy like me?
Archery Club Captain: ...That was altogether too sudden.
Gakuto: From the moment I laid eyes on you, my love has been at a fever pitch!
Archery Club Captain: I have not the desire to bend an ear to your heartless confessions.
Gakuto: I'm very serious!
Archery Club Captain: May I never lay eyes on you again.
*The upperclasswoman departed.*
Gakuto: Dammit. That's a scar on my battle record.
Takuya: The chances were already absolute zero. If this were a game, now would be when you reset.
Gakuto: Damn you, Miyako. You said she wasn't taken.
Yamato: The information was accurate. I did some legwork myself.
*Including that Gakuto hadn't been the first man she'd shot down.*
Takuya: Miyako did try to stop you, saying this would happen.
Yamato: Maybe it was better this way. At least she didn't turn him down because she already had a boyfriend.
*That was such a cliched response, after all.*
Gakuto: Why? Why won't the ladies love me?!
Gakuto: Tactician, don't you have any schemes that will make me popular?
Yamato: Depends. Are you okay with non-humans?
Gakuto: Hell no! I could never lie with a sheep!
Yamato: Then go out with someone younger than you. Stop being so picky.
Gakuto: My every instinct fights against that. It doesn't make sense.
Gakuto: Don't you have some sort of strategy?!
Takuya: It's not like this is a new thing. You're overreacting.
Gakuto: You say that, but in your heart, you're flustered too.
Takuya: I-I'm fine, really... And confessing to girls is just awkward, so...
Gakuto: Then you don't get to call me incompetent, or weak.
Takuya: The only one saying those things is you!
Gakuto: At any rate, I'm the sort of guy who goes for broke.
Yamato: And you'll keep going for broke until you're bankrupt. You're already on your last legs.
Gakuto: Shut up. I'm just gettin' started. It's time to get serious.
*With that, Gakuto took a look around.*
Takuya: What about that underclasswoman there?
Gakuto: Like I said, I'm not interested in younger girls.
Yamato: So you're dead set on the older crowd...
Gakuto: I could even go with someone my age, if she's sexy enough.
*I guess he was fine with someone even ten years older, if she was hot enough.*
Takuya: Sexiness, huh? Well, I do think that's important, but...
Gakuto: A girl who's not sexy isn't a real girl. If you're walkin' with a brat who's not, they'll think you're her father.
Underclassman A: Oh my gosh, what is with him? Like, he gives me the creeps.
Underclassman B: He's glaring at me. I'm scared. He's more beast than man. Wah, now he's striking a pose! Why can't he just look away?!
*The girls ran away so they wouldn't have to meet his gaze.*
Yamato: Did you hear that?
Gakuto: Because they're too young to appreciate true greatness. Next, to the culture clubs!
Takuya: Let's just go home. Remember how badly you failed last time?
Gakuto: Only with the Tea Ceremony Club. That is but one of countless many.
Yamato: You nearly got yourself banned for life.
Gakuto: I was different back then. Now I'm a new man. I will get a girl before summer!
Yamato: I have things to do. I'm going home.
Gakuto: Then go. Tomorrow, I'll be introducin' you to my new girlfriend.
Takuya: We've never once seen that happen.
*He was making himself such an easy target.*
Yamato: Moro, are you going to follow Gakuto?
Takuya: Who knows what kind of trouble he'll cause. Somebody has to babysit.
Gakuto: Who are you, my mother?!
Yamato: Well, try as hard as you can without getting yourself arrested.
*......*
*Afterwards, they proceeded to wander around school.*
Takuya: Today went just as expected... a complete failure.
Gakuto: It was just a bad day. All of my hard work is sure to pay off someday.
Takuya: Sure, right.
Gakuto: I must strive to become an even nicer guy. First, I'll increase the time I spend at the gym...
Takuya: Huh? I feel like we're being watched.
Gakuto: By girls?!
Thug E: Tsk, tsk. How about those guys?
Thug G: Now that we're out of the hospital, they'll be the perfect warm-up.
Gakuto: The hell? You got my hopes up.
Thug K: Heheh, let me give you a ticket to Hell.
Thug A: An idiot and a nerd. Bet ya' they rich.
*The gang of punks surrounded the two.*
Gakuto: Why do I get surrounded by guys?
Thug K: Heheh... Don't think we'll let you go just because you're goody two-shoes.
Thug B: L-Let's beat them up and go home to Ch-Chiba.
Thug C: Let's do it. Let's LIGHT 'EM UP!
Takuya: G-Gakuto... There's a lot of them.
Gakuto: Even in numbers, a weaklin's still a weaklin'!
Thug A: Hey, you there. The muscle-bound idiot. Mind lending me some dough?
Thug B: But w-we'd be fine, even if you d-don't.
Thug E: Tsk! We've been in a bit of a bind, since we can't go home!
Takuya: I-I'm sorry, but I don't have any money, so...
Thug A: Look at how polite this kid is. Makes me sick.
Gakuto: Hey, I just want to go flirt with some hot ladies.
Thug G: I'm sick of your grumbling!
Gakuto: And I'm sick of all you!
*Gakuto's fist blasted the punk into next week.*
Thug G: Ugah!
Thug A: Hey, did his bones just re-break?
Thug K: Shit, fucking shit! This town's fucking dangerous!
Gakuto: I'm in a bad mood today. It's time to take out the trash.
*Thud!*
Thug K: M-My bones?!
Gakuto: You see someone and try to pick a fight? Take this!
Thug A: And for seeing someone and picking a fight--
*Kaboom!*
Thug A: ...This is what we get?!
*All the delinquents were sent flying.*
Takuya: Th-That was scary.
Gakuto: There's nothin' scary about them.
Gakuto: Momo-senpai's a billion times more intimidating.
Takuya: Take out that last bit, and you would've actually sounded cool.
Gakuto: Heh. I can handle any number of those guys.
Takuya: At times like this, I'm really glad to have you around.
Gakuto: What else would you expect from such a nice guy! I protect the weak.
*Wounded foes, no matter how many, were bound to be pushovers for a guy like Gakuto...*
*He had crafted the ideal body, one strong and mighty. And yet...*
Gakuto: Why must all the girls go for Capt and Aoi? The world makes no sense.
*Today, too. Gakuto proved unpopular.*
*During world history...*
Umeko: Shimazu, when did the War of Spartacus occur?
Gakuto: Hm, Copenhagen?
Umeko: You uncultured swine!
Gakuto: Gah!
*Her whip flicked through the air and struck Gakuto square in the face.*
Ikurou: Hey, hey, you went for the face?
Umeko: That strike won't leave any marks.
Umeko: Though the pain is immense.
Suguru: All exhaustion has fled me in an instant.
Umeko: Naoe, answer in his place.
Yamato: It took place from 73 to 71 B.C., more formally called the Third Servile War. It's sometimes called Spartacus's War, since he was the mastermind of it.
Umeko: You've studied well. And you even added additional information.
*She once again turned her back to us.*
Kazuko: (Gakuto, you all right?)
Gakuto: (Oh, that back... The nape of that neck... I can't get enough.)
Miyako: (I don't think so, no.)
Takuya: (Especially not in the head.)
*His childhood friends made eye contact.*
Chris: ......?
*Chris, who had only recently joined us, looked puzzled.*
*......*
Shouichi: Man, the world's so sweet. I'm getting pumped just thinking about it!
Yamato: During Japanese history, we only study the Heian era, so we never touch on any wars or major conflicts.
Chris: Personally, I also like that part of Japanese culture.
Takuya: Your face is red, Gakuto. Are you sure you're all right?
Chris: Such light wounds will surely disappear shortly.
Mayo: Ms. Kojima's whip looks so painful.
Gakuto: From her whip I can feel the relentlessness of her love.
Takuya: I think that might be her relentless frustration with you.
Yamato: She calls on people in a regular pattern. You should've known it was your turn.
*Today, she had called on me out-of-order.*
Gakuto: Yamato, that stuff means nothin' to me.
Shouichi: Huh? Isn't that the textbook we used last year?
*It looked similar on the outside, but its contents were completely different.*
Yamato: You didn't even have the textbook?
Takuya: But you did have the freshman-year book.
Gakuto: I borrowed it from Mayucchi earlier.
Yamato: Why not borrow a book from someone in our year?
Gakuto: The only Family members not in our year are Mayucchi and Momo-senpai.
Takuya: Why limit yourself to only the Family?!
Gakuto: When you think about it, I haven't really interacted with anyone outside of 2-F lately.
Yamato: Even though you know a lot of people at the gym.
Gakuto: When I said that to Mayucchi, she lent me hers.
Kazuko: Mayucchi must've sympathized with your friendship issues. Wow.
*I couldn't imagine Nee-san lugging her textbook around with her, so Mayucchi had been his only choice.*
Chris: Try not to be a burden on your juniors.
*Perhaps this smacked of the same thing to her as it did to me.*
Gakuto: I wish I had a girlfriend I could share a textbook with.
Takuya: Uh, how about you just carry your textbook with you on the days you have class?!
Yamato: Man, having you here to play the straight man makes things so easy.
Takuya: My body just reacts on its own.
Miyako: ... *smirk*
*I could feel her gaze.*
Gakuto: But still, Ms. Ume really is nice.
Takuya: So we're back where we started.
Shouichi: Well, I'd say she's a good teacher and all...
Shouichi: I get the feeling she gets my way of life.
Ikurou: Heck, she never shows a moment of weakness, not ever.
Ikurou: Do something dumb while she's swinging her whip, and you'll wind up in the line of fire yourself.
Gakuto: Yonpachi, not even you can snap a picture of her?
Ikurou: I'd do anything to get a panty shot of Ms. Ume, even dive naked into a gay bar.
Haguro: Like, Monkey, ain't nobody wanna see you naked. Even in a gay bar, they ain't gonna want none of that.
Ikurou: 'Naked'? That sounds so dirty. Shit!
Haguro: Like, are you even listening?
Chika: I so don't want to even know why you're all being such creeps.
Haguro: This whole place is such a zoo, filled with monkeys and gorillas and creepy nerds.
Ikurou: Yeah. Not to mention the dumb blondies and ganguro bimbos.
Haguro: Hey, you want a taste of my lucha libre? It gonna have you coughing up blood.
Suguru: You would treat men as beasts? But come to think of it, I did read on an online forum of a dating site with the preposterous name 'Man Ranch'...
Suguru: Heh. I would expect no less from a dumb blondie whose intelligence is dwarfed by animals.
Gakuto: Oh, I wish I was popular... I wanna eat a parfait with a girl.
Gakuto: I'd taste her homemade cooking, and even if it tasted super strong, I'd force myself to call it delicious and flatter her...
Gakuto: I'd feel her up in the middle of town. She'd be all like, 'not here'.
Chika: You're so disgusting, it's almost refreshing...
*Today, too. Gakuto proved unpopular.*
*A white station wagon had stopped in front of Kawakami Academy.*
Mayo: Hasn't this vehicle been here since this morning?
Chika: Even so, it looks cheap. Anyone who would ride in it is obviously just as cheap.
Suguru: Why must you dumb blondies always judge things by appearances?
Suguru: Though I will concede that it is in the way.
Suguru: If only I could use magic, I could brush it aside.
*It was parked in a horrible spot, blocking everyone from getting past.*
Miyako: Here we go again...
Chris: Seeing this makes me want to scold the person responsible.
Gakuto: Something like that should get outta the way!
*He approached the station wagon.*
Gakuto: And there.
Chika: Oh my gosh, wow.
Mayo: Gakuto-san, you're really strong.
*Gakuto bathed in the attention.*
Gakuto: (Oh, is this a chance for me to show off?)
Gakuto: Humph! Oryahhh!
*This time, he used even more power to shove the car out of the way.*
Chika: Ugh, yuck. His biceps are like, ultra creepy.
Mayo: Maybe it's time for us to head home.
Suguru: Though his Strength stat may be high, Shimazu is always quick to embroil himself in chaos.
Suguru: Shall I head home and re-read Autumn's manga adaptation?
*All the classmates who had headed outside with him started to head home.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Here stands Our beloved carriage-horse-like commoner.
Azumi: He's not something you should lay eyes on, so let's fly out of here! 
Hideo: Yes. Tremble before Our divine form!
Azumi: Yes, yes, yes, Hideo-sama's coming through!
*Team Kuki passed by in a rickshaw.*
Hideo: Azumi, put the road in order as We go.
Azumi: Leave it to me.
Azumi: Seyah seyah seyah seyah seyah!
Shouichi: Whoa! Maid, that was sweet!
*She pushed the car into place using sheer air pressure.*
Hideo: Shimazu! We praise your moderately ridiculous strength!
Hideo: Farewell! Mwahahahahahaha!
Yamato: Even the idiot calls him ridiculous.
Gakuto: Noooo! Why me?!
Yamato: You keep going overboard, so everyone thinks of you as a dog that'll bite.
Gakuto: But my awesomeness has to be seen to be believed.
Gakuto: And if I can't get girls to believe in it, what's the point?!
Shouichi: Who cares about girls?
Shouichi: I think you're awesome.
Takuya: So do I, Gakuto.
Gakuto: I don't want to hear that from guys! Though I do understand how you'd idolize my power.
Yamato: Gakuto, I can't imagine you not ripped.
Gakuto: So, you're sayin' I need to work out more?
Takuya: You're fit enough. And earlier, didn't you say you broke that machine in the gym?
*He only seemed middling because he was surrounded by so many powerful girls.*
Gakuto: Someday, a girl is goin' to hit on me. Then we'll see who's laughing.
Miyako: Lots of girls hit on Capt when he walks around town.
Shouichi: But what am I supposed to say back? I don't even know any of them.
Yamato: You two are dead opposites.
*It was a classic example of what happens when supply and demand are out of whack.*
Gakuto: Maybe the girls would be all over me if I wore a bandana like Capt.
Yamato: Just let it go. That's not what's important.
Miyako: If anything, you'd probably be more popular without it.
Gakuto: Then Yamato, please, produce me. Toy with me however you like.
Miyako: I can't lose! Yamato, produce me too!
Gakuto: What?!
Yamato: Can we not make this situation any crazier than it already is?
*After all, I wasn't going to produce either of them.*
Shouichi: Sounds fun. I'll step up and produce you. Gakuto, you're gonna be wearing a super hero suit!
Gakuto: Now I'm super worried.
Shouichi: What? Why? They're so cool!
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I wouldn't mind that one bit.
Yamato: You're blushing why, exactly?
Miyako: It would show off body lines perfectly. Yamato, you wouldn't be able to look away.
Shouichi: By the way, you'll be ponyin' up the bill yourself.
Miyako: I'm out.
Yamato: Yeah, you've never been one to slow down over expenses.
Shouichi: 'Course not. I don't accept any compromises!
Gakuto: I completely understand.
Gakuto: I too make no compromises on my way to bein' a Muscle Guy.
*Today, too. Gakuto proved unpopular.*
*It was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*But there was more to my school life than mere chaos.*
*Lately, a certain person's actions had laid heavy on my mind...*
*The self-proclaimed 'Nice Guy', Shimazu Gakuto.*
*He was always working out, and had strength well beyond the run-of-the-mill thug.*
*He didn't have the smartest head on his shoulders, but he cared for his friends.*
*And I owed a lot to his mother, Mrs. Shimazu, as well.*
*Nee-san and Chris were the two girls that were his type in the Family, but I couldn't imagine either of them falling for him.*
*Mayucchi idolized him, but there was nothing romantic in that relationship in either direction.*
*I wasn't sure how I felt about him being okay with just any girl with a pretty face who was at least his age, but...*
*We were teenagers, on the cusp of adulthood and all that it represented.*
*I... didn't really have anyone in mind myself, either.*
*But halfheartedly looking after him would surely be fine.*
*And who knows? Maybe miracles really do happen.*
*Thus began our heated summer.*
Momoyo: Summer's great. You get that, right?
Gakuto: Of course I do.
Chris: What is going on? Why must everyone keep staring?
Yukie: I-Is there something on my face?
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, ain't nothing wrong with how you look.
*Everyone's eyes were drawn to the summer uniforms.*
Shouichi: I love them. They're so light, I feel like I'm gliding in the wind.
Takuya: Ahaha. I kind of prefer the winter uniforms, so I don't have to worry about people seeing how scrawny I am.
*That was the feeling, by and large.*
Ikurou: Finally, the season has come.
*Yonpachi was pumped.*
Haguro: Taking surprise photos is like, a crime? You get caught, you goin' to jail.
Ikurou: I'd never take pictures of you! The second I want to, I've lost!
Haguro: Ah, so hot. (She glanced over.)
Suguru: Blech...
*She caught sight of Suguru, who collapsed then and there onto his knees.*
Ikurou: ...?!
Chika: Why's your hand holding the camera shaking, Monkey?
Ikurou: N-No, this can't be! D-Damn it all!
*Unable to hold back some insuppressible feeling, Yonpachi dashed off to parts unknown.*
Gakuto: You fought bravely.
Takuya: And fell nobly.
*...I wasn't touching that.*
Mayo: I-I can feel their gazes, Chika-chan.
Chika: Really? Now that the monkey's finally gone, I don't really feel anything.
Jun: I have to watch over her so she's not violated by their dirty gazes.
Koyuki: Summer clothes start today! Bye-bye, stuffy heat!
*Even within the school, passion stirred.*
*......*
Gakuto: Why must I eat here?
Mrs. Shimazu: Why not? We live right next door. And there isn't anyone here that should make you blush.
Chris: Today is a day to celebrate, after all.
*And why was that?*
Margit: No need to be so formal. You will take it easy.
Yamato: I'd like to, but...
*Margit of class 2-S had transferred here.*
Yukie: The food's ready.
Mrs. Shimazu: Then I'll head home.
Gakuto: You're goin' home without me?
Mrs. Shimazu: Stop being so fussy. You can eat without your mother, can't you?
Yamato: Can't you?
Gakuto: Shut up, Yamato, just shut up!
Mrs. Shimazu: Now then, I need to go set up my recording. I can't start my week without my 9 o'clock Monday drama.
*Mrs. Shimazu dashed out of the house.*
Miyako: Heh heh. Gakuto, you're no match for primetime TV.
Gakuto: Dammit. My mom can be so pathetic.
Tadakatsu: Hey, quit blabberin' and start eatin'.
Margit: Wait. First, you will wash your hands.
Shouichi: Hm? I washed up when I got home.
Margit: That is insufficient. Do not underestimate the reproductive power of germs.
Margit: Do you want to catch the new influenza strain? The rainy season is nearly upon us...
Shouichi: F-Fine, all right, just stop glaring at me.
*Even Capt was overwhelmed by her.*
Margit: You will thoroughly use hand soap. And wash your fingers scrupulously!
Shouichi: See? I washed up.
Margit: Good. Well done. You now have permission to eat.
Shouichi: Yay!
*I hadn't expected her to be such a busybody.*
Yamato: Hmm...
*I held out my chopsticks, not sure what to take...*
Margit: You're wasting time. Consider efficiency. You will start with the carbohydrates in front of you.
Yamato: Huh? Err, yes, ma'am.
*I bowed to her and ate the rice.*
Margit: Next, you will eat the protein.
Yamato: (Don't tell me she's going to walk me through every step of the way?)
*For the time being, I did as she said and ate the meat.*
Margit: Next, you will take some dietary fiber.
Yamato: You never name foods, do you?
*But I could tell she meant the salad.*
Yamato: I'll pick these wild greens.
Margit: Good. Stringy vegetables have lots of dietary fiber. You have my approval, and will be thankful for it.
*Such praise. Wow.*
*But maybe there'd be something in it for me if I did exactly what she said.*
Tadakatsu: Tch. I can't calm down enough to eat.
Chris: The rice today tastes delicious. Did you handle the boiled vegetables, Mayucchi?
Yukie: Yes, I had the honor of making them.
Gakuto: If you don't like doin' it, just say so. It's Mom's job.
Yukie: That's not true at all. Please, I beg you, let me do it!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's doin' her best. She even made all the seasonin's work together.
*She seemed desperate.*
Margit: An excellent attitude. You will remain devoted.
Yukie: Y-Yes, ma'am.
Matsukaze: Ain't that great, Mayucchi?
*Since Nee-san and Wanko weren't here, at least no one was challenging anyone to any battles, but...*
Margit: You will give me the soy sauce.
Tadakatsu: Why am I stuck doin' that? Just this once, got it?
Margit: You may express your gratitude.
Miyako: ......
*Her sharp glare bore straight through Miyako as the latter silently ate.*
Margit: Shiina Miyako, you will eat more meat.
Miyako: That is none of your business.
Margit: I shall give you my share as well. You will be thankful and eat it.
Miyako: What are you doing? I never asked for your help.
*She might have received it from Margit, but it had been cooked by a friend. She couldn't not eat it.*
Yamato: You're very... attentive, huh.
Margit: Don't be ridiculous. I am only doing what is natural.
Gakuto: ...How nice.
*He spoke absent-mindedly.*
Shouichi: What's great about it? This's tiring me out.
Gakuto: I've always wanted an older girl to look after me like that.
Yamato: (How can you so nonchalantly say something that repulsive?)
Chris: Oh, I am proud of Mar-san. She is like my big sister.
Margit: Frau Chris...
Yamato: I mean, Gakuto, you've got your mother to look after you.
Gakuto: But Mom's Mom. You've seen her face.
Yukie: I think your mother is a wonderful woman.
Gakuto: If anyone's goin' to rage at me, why can't it be a woman with a pretty face?
Margit: You will be silent while eating.
Gakuto: Ms. Ume's whip is nice, but a woman who strikes with her hand is to die for.
Margit: Shut up. You will be silent!
Gakuto: Gugh!
*Margit drove her iron fist into Gakuto's stomach.*
Margit: You will be thankful that I didn't use my tonfas.
Gakuto: Heh, heh heh...
Miyako: Gakuto's gone crazy. Or was he always this way?
*He looked happy.*
Margit: You mustn't skip morning training.
Kazuko: Let's fight, Mar!
Margit: Such clothes as those are to be worn during gym. You will prepare a combat uniform.
Kazuko: This is all I need. Now c'mon! Let's go!
Gakuto: ...How nice.
Yamato: What are you doing, standing in front of our dorm so early in the morning?
Gakuto: It's my mom's dorm! No witty comebacks for you today!
Miyako: She's planning to come here every day from now on...
Yamato: And Chris is still asleep.
*She'd been training in the courtyard since before I woke up.*
Yamato: Well, Wanko's happy, so what's the big deal?
Gakuto: Yes, yes, this is great.
Margit: You there. You will hurry and take your breakfast.
Gakuto: Okay, I'll hurry up and eat!
Yamato: Does he have that sickness again?
*And an acute case of it, of all things.*
Miyako: Nice job lusting for someone when you don't know what she's like on the inside. Huff, huff.
Yamato: Please don't get carried away while staring at a guy's junk?
*They were both bonkers.*
*......*
Yukie: So today, there's not many of us.
*Wanko, Chris, and Gakuto were all missing.*
Momoyo: Did Margit come? She's the perfect woman to kill some time with.
Yamato: That is really all you two sisters think about.
Shouichi: They interrupted our Family's dynamic over that?!
Takuya: Aren't you always leaving on trips? I don't think you should complain.
Shouichi: Truth is, I wanna bring you all along with.
Takuya: Capt, I can't cast everything aside like you can.
Yamato: What about how your trips always seem to end with your face in the newspaper?
Shouichi: There's nothing wrong with standing out.
Yamato: Just try not to become infamous.
*I was afraid he would get in over his head.*
Gakuto: Hmm.
*Gakuto was moping in the classroom, at a loss for what to do.*
Gakuto: This is bad. I may have ruined everything.
Takuya: What's so bad?
Gakuto: I've had chills since yesterday.
Kazuko: Are you sick?
Gakuto: I train too much to fall to an illness.
Kazuko: I never get sick either.
Mayo: Getting plenty of exercise is such a good thing.
Miyako: ... Heh heh.
Takuya: Miyako, aren't you reading a hardcore historical novel?
*The bell rang, so everyone went to their seats.*
Umeko: Homeroom is starting.
*Ms. Ume always entered the classroom exactly as the bell rang.*
Mayo: Stand! Bow!
Umeko: We're doing attendance. When I call your name, respond loudly.
*This always made me feel like I was in boot camp.*
Umeko: --That is all. Each of you is now to prepare for class.
*She didn't waste time chatting, so she always fit in everything she had to say before time was up.*
Mitsuru: It's so hard, not being able to eat during homeroom. *munch munch*
Suguru: I, too, suffered. Time I could have spent having delusions of 2D was stolen from me.
Takuya: Honestly, there's never any hope for that nowadays.
*Any blunder would be quickly met with instructive guidance.*
Gakuto: But that's good. And she's beautiful.
Ikurou: Just thinking of her tying me up gets me aroused.
*So thought a fraction of the class.*
Haguro: I like, so don't get you. Being whipped just for having my makeup on.
Chika: If someone stopped coming to school, she'd jump to call them a fool. What kind of dictator does she think she is?
*That was how the normal people felt.*
Ikurou: Now then, time for me to do what I do.
Yamato: You seem busy, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: A helluva beauty joined class 2-S, so I have to update my data.
*He said, jotting down line after line of notes.*
Gakuto: Oh, tell me her three sizes.
Ikurou: From the top, 85-57-86.
Gakuto: Whoa, she really does have a nice figure!
Takuya: How in the world did you learn that?
Ikurou: I can tell just by looking. It's my greatest talent.
Yamato: Be proud. Shout it from the rooftops.
Ikurou: I can even tell from photographs, as long as I have three different angles.
*What a useless ability.*
Ikurou: What's really difficult are the relationship charts. You gotta take your time with those.
Takuya: What good are they for?
Ikurou: By watching the actions of everyone around her, I can learn from their mistakes.
Ikurou: Then I'll... Fwee hee hee.
Gakuto: Your mistakes, Ikurou, are the best to learn from.
Ikurou: Heh. I'll never lose to you, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Let's see you try. Let's have a hitting-on-girls contest!
Ikurou: Sounds fun. I'll ride this contest straight to a hotel.
Yamato: I can't believe this is happening. I know how it's going to end, too.
Suguru: Only a man's face and his wallet can raise the affection parameter. I have no desire to deal with it.
Mitsuru: Yonpachi, does that mean you don't have any information on yourself?
Ikurou: I try not to think about things that are inconvenient for me.
Yamato: Nice self-defense mechanism you've got there.
Shouichi: But yeah, military uniforms are definitely cool.
Suguru: Military uniforms? That is one thing whose appeal I cannot deny.
Takuya: That's rare, coming from you.
Suguru: The military uniforms have committed no sin. If their wearer is flat, then I have no problem with them.
Takuya: Oh. I should've known.
*Margit was the talk of the school.*
Mitsuru: I wonder if she has a boyfriend.
Chris: I cannot fathom Mar-san of all people having one.
Miyako: ...Why are you so desperate to say that? Wait, are you treading new ground?!
Yamato: I think we have enough deviants already, thank you very much.
*I had to put a stop to that.*
Chris: Mar-san is a soldier, faithful to her mission. She would never be interested in boys.
Yamato: What's the big deal? The two things have nothing to do with each other.
Gakuto: Okay, it's Gakuto time.
Takuya: I'm not getting that feeling in the slightest.
Gakuto: The match will be after school.
*And how did things turn out?*
Gakuto: Hey there, Margit.
Margit: Mm. Your shirt isn't tucked in!
Gakuto: Hm?
Margit: How slovenly. You will also button your buttons up to the top.
Gakuto: Huh? Sure, I guess.
Margit: Your attentiveness is insufficient given your place as one of Frau Chris's friends. You will be more careful hence.
Gakuto: You'd go that far for me...?
*......*
Gakuto: This time, my shirt's perfectly tucked in.
Margit: Your clothes are not disheveled. You will eat your food swiftly.
Gakuto: I did it! She complimented me!
Shouichi: I don't know if I'd call it a compliment or nothing.
*The two of them were once again eating dinner at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Chris: I am sorry to impose on you two days in a row.
Yukie: It's fine, we have more than enough food.
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi saw this whole thing comin' and made food to spare.
Yamato: It must be hard, preparing food while having Matsukaze jump in.
*Whenever she held Matsukaze, her hands would fall still.*
Margit: Mayuzumi Yukie, you will also sit down and eat.
Yukie: No, no. Please eat, don't mind me.
Margit: Enough. You will eat with us.
Yukie: Y-Yes, ma'am.
*She sat in her chair.*
Margit: You have properly considered nutritional value. As one who regularly eats field rations, you have my thanks.
Chris: Yeah. Your food is delicious, Mayucchi.
Tadakatsu: So at least let us take our time eatin'. How long's this gonna go on?
*The more, the merrier.*
Miyako: ......
Yamato: Here, you can have this bit. It's got lots of chili peppers.
Miyako: Yamato gave me a large, spicy mushroom. The biggest one imaginable, and at night.
Chris: You seem rather pleased.
Shouichi: Yamato, give me a giant mushroom too!
Yukie: Um, we do have plenty more, if you'd like?
Tadakatsu: Mushroom this, mushroom that -- I'm damn sick of it all!
*Too many of us here had innocent minds.*
Gakuto: Hmm.
Yamato: What're you brooding over?
Gakuto: Oh, no, it's nothing.
*He looked unusually serious.*
*Keeping his mouth shut did wonders for his appearance.*
Miyako: There really is no place more relaxing than this.
Takuya: Was Margit at the dorm the whole time?
Chris: She was ordered by my father. It must be rough on her.
Shouichi: Chris's old man sure is somethin' else. Just look at what he pulled off.
Chris: I was somehow able to persuade her to not come to our Friday Meetings.
Miyako: Naturally.
Yamato: She's not that big of a problem, guys.
Kazuko: I think she's nice. She even said she'll train with me whenever she has spare time.
*When had they gotten so close? I must have missed it.*
Shouichi: Sure she's interesting, but why's she gotta be so fussy?
Yamato: She's the complete opposite of a free-wheeling spirit like you, Capt.
Momoyo: Why aren't you saying anything, Gakuto?
Gakuto: Hm?
Momoyo: Hurry up and say something stupid! I need something to punch.
Takuya: How can you even ask for that?
*Nee-san was itching to attack.*
Miyako: Yamato would never step on a landmine he could avoid.
*She'd go after me anyways. I didn't need to go about giving her excuses.*
Yukie: Is there something troubling you?
Gakuto: Yeah, there's a lot on my mind.
Shouichi: Oh, hey, that sounds kinda youthful!
Yamato: I'm sure he just wants a girlfriend again.
Gakuto: Of course I do. But this time, it's different.
Shouichi: Bo-ring. There's nothin' interesting about any of that.
Miyako: But love is the most heart-pounding thing of all. And for love, I can be bold. See? See?!
*She nearly knocked me onto my back.*
Yamato: Is there anything that doesn't set you off? Calm down.
Momoyo: (*grin*)
*I had an ill omen.*
Momoyo: Let Onee-san play, too.
Yamato: See? Even if I don't say anything dumb, it still comes to this.
*The two of them had me surrounded, free to do whatever they wanted.*
Gakuto: Why him? I'm way more of a nice guy than Yamato!
Takuya: Why are you asking me?
Gakuto: Dammit all. Flirt with me, too!
Margit: Shimazu Gakuto, for a wild rabbit, you have done well.
Gakuto: Of course. This isn't nearly enough to exhaust me.
*The two were training again today in the courtyard.*
Gakuto: (She might look composed, but I know she's fallen for me.)
Margit: Your breathing has grown ragged. You will get that under control.
Gakuto: S-S-Sure...
Gakuto: (She's payin' more attention to me. Heh heh.)
*And then Gakuto made up his mind.*
Gakuto: I like you, Margit. Will you go out with me?
Margit: That would be inefficient.
Gakuto: What? Explain it in a way I can understand.
Margit: I have no time to spend playing games with a wild rabbit. You will realize that I have no interest in you.
Gakuto: Hmm. So... What's that mean?
Yamato: She's using a roundabout way of telling you no.
Gakuto: That's ridiculous. She'd never say that to me.
Margit: You were watching, Naoe Yamato?
Yamato: You two were being so loud out here, it was easy to tell.
*Thanks to which I was up far too early this morning.*
Margit: That is fine, so long as Frau Chris did not wake. You will endeavor to be early to rise.
Yamato: You're as set in your ways as ever.
*Getting along with her might be as tricky as I feared.*
*......*
Gakuto: Ugh... I totally thought I had a chance this time.
Koyuki: ...Hmm?
Gakuto: She would warn me, and in the midst of those harsh words I could feel love.
Koyuki: You felt love? Oh, you poor big guy.
Gakuto: What?
Koyuki: I'll give you half a marshmallow.
Gakuto: This is the first time anyone's ever given me part of a marshmallow.
Koyuki: They're sweet and yummy and make you forget all the bad things.
Gakuto: You're not wrong. There's no sense draggin' this out.
Koyuki: You like?
Gakuto: Yeah. They're a little too sweet for me, but yeah.
Koyuki: No being spoiled. You have to eat when you can. Your next meal could be who-knows-when!
Gakuto: Is that how it is?
Koyuki: Oh, a balloon's flying away!
Gakuto: (Why is she bein' so nice to me?)
Koyuki: Aww, it's deflating and falling down. Eh, but there's nothing anyone can do about that.
Gakuto: (Now that I really look at her, she does have a good figure... And her long hair makes her look really pretty.)
Koyuki: Break's almost over. Time to go back.
Gakuto: Wait a second.
Koyuki: What'cha thinking?
Gakuto: Are you interested in me?
Koyuki: Yep. Because you're super sad.
Gakuto: (She's interested in me?)
Koyuki: Any other things?
Gakuto: Please, bring more comfort to my wounded heart!
Koyuki: How?
Gakuto: By goin' out with me!
Koyuki: Why?
Gakuto: Because, I mean, you like me!
Koyuki: Why?
Gakuto: Go out with me!
Koyuki: Why?
Gakuto: You're reusin' the same voice line, aren't you?!
Koyuki: The bell rang. Jun told me no being late for class, so I gotta go.
Gakuto: Wahhh! I got shot down again! What gives?!
*......*
Gakuto: I'm still not back on my feet.
*He'd confessed to another set of girls today, but every ship had sunk.*
Gakuto: Why even bother to exercise and bulk up if no lady is there to appreciate it?
Ami: Hmm, where'd that Tatsu run off to? For goodness' sake.
Gakuto: That's the girl I saw on Oyafukou Street...
Ami: Hm? What brings you here?
Gakuto: You're as beautiful as ever... Ahh...
Ami: Your energy's gone. And your energy was the only thing you had going for you.
Gakuto: Yeah, you're right. That's my entire worth as a man.
Ami: You took me seriously? You're no fun to tease... I've got a few minutes. Talk to me.
Gakuto: The truth is...
*......*
Ami: Hmm.
Gakuto: Miss, why can't I be popular?
Ami: That's the entire reason you're depressed?
Gakuto: I'm really worried about it. I've lost my confidence. This world's too cold to nice guys.
Ami: I think you've got a pretty good body.
Gakuto: Huh?
Ami: I'm saying, you're tantalizing. Too many men these days are too feminine, it's disgusting.
Gakuto: R-Really?!
Ami: Power drives the world. You should be more proud.
Ami: You look like you could handle anything -- the whip, candles, even the Horse.
Gakuto: Miss, you don't think I'd destroy you?
Ami: Destroy me? You are more than welcome to try.
Gakuto: Seriously?!
Ami: But you might find yourself destroyed by me instead. How many beasts do you suppose I've sent to the hospital?
Gakuto: Awesome. I can see it now!
Ami: I'd never lose to some random man.
Gakuto: Umm, I certainly don't feel like I'd win... I'd rather not be your enemy.
Ami: I'm not interested in normal people. Don't stick your head where it's not wanted, and we'll never be enemies.
Gakuto: I'll try to be careful.
Ami: By the way, you go to Kawakami Academy, don't you? Isn't the sports festival two days from now?
Gakuto: Heh. You sure know your stuff.
Ami: An acquaintance of mine attends there. I'm told there will be a number of events I'd be loathe to miss.
Gakuto: It's the time of year when nice guys like me who overflow with power get to shine.
Ami: Yes, yes. Just let them see how much of a man you are.
Gakuto: (This time, I'm sure of it.)
Ami: A brawny pig, one worth breaking, can be so exciting.
Gakuto: I'm not a pig, but basically, you mean a man like me.
Ami: Heh heh. (At any rate, he's worth destroying.)
Gakuto: Whoa... (She's fallen for me!)
Ami: What is it? Why the slattern face?
Gakuto: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I can't let myself look like that.
Ami: There's no particular need for you to act so formally either.
Gakuto: It's finally springtime for Gakuto. All the cherry blossoms are in bloom.
Ami: What are you saying? Spring's long over. Did your heart break already?
Gakuto: Okay, let's do this. Let my feelings reach you!
Gakuto: I love you, Miss. Go out with me.
Ami: Hell no, you fucking pig!
Gakuto: Whoa! You scattered the cherry blossoms!
Ami: Oops. Sorry, I let my habits from my job slip out.
Gakuto: You shocked me...
Ami: But I'm not interested in bratty kids. Find some brat your own age to fall in love with.
Gakuto: Another bust!
Ami: Well, do try to polish up your manliness.
*Today, too, Gakuto proved unpopular.*
Gakuto: Can you believe she did that? I nearly cried.
Takuya: How about you wait until you know someone before you fall in love?!
Yamato: Aren't you just focusing on how a girl looks?
Gakuto: What else would I focus on?
Takuya: There's this thing called 'balance'.
Yamato: You should go take a look in the mirror.
Gakuto: I want to flirt! To be flown to cloud nine! To feel her up!
Chris: What would possess you to scream such things?
*They were the screams of his soul.*
Momoyo: I told you before to put love into it. Like I do.
Yamato: Could you please stop using that as an excuse to crush me in your arms?
*She'd pulled me into her mighty embrace.*
Kazuko: Onee-sama, me too, me too!
Momoyo: Come. I'll hug you all.
*I tried to flee, but there was no escape.*
Kazuko: Woof woof!
Yamato: I can't breathe!
Momoyo: That's just how much your big sister loves you.
*She hugged us both at once.*
Gakuto: I'm not jealous! Not really! Only a little!
Yukie: (I-I'm jealous too.)
Matsukaze: Keep on tryin', Mayucchi. Appeal to her with your youth, and she gonna be all over you.
Chris: Is something new on your mind? Well, good luck.
Gakuto: I wish I too could give hugs like that.
Takuya: Uh, please don't. I really don't want to have to bail you out of jail.
Gakuto: Heck, what's even the difference between me and Momo-senpai?
Yamato: I think it'd be quicker to list the things that are the same.
*The only thing that came to mind was that they were both into girls.*
Gakuto: Anyways, I don't want familial love - I want somethin' stronger, somethin' that makes me dizzy it's so strong.
Momoyo: ... *smile*
Yamato: Aww, now you've said it.
Shouichi: Dude, it's been real. Nice knowing you.
Momoyo: You're really dedicated. I'd be happy to oblige.
*Nee-san stood, happy as could be.*
Miyako: Give me one moment to open up the window.
Takuya: There's no way she'd hit a friend that hard... Right?
Gakuto: Whoa, my body's trembling. Is this love?
Momoyo: Hah! This blast will cool your head!
Gakuto: Gah! Momo-senpai, your love is too painful!
Momoyo: I just wanted to punch something. I wouldn't call it love.
Yamato: Poor guy.
Miyako: That's the star he was born under.
Gakuto: I want love, dammit!
*It was just a regular night for us.*
Gakuto: Okay, looks like our stock's runnin' out.
Ikurou: We'll have to go buy more.
*These two especially perverted members of class 2-F would occasionally spend their days off shopping together.*
Gakuto: Think I should get a lot of konnyaku?
Ikurou: Hey, hey, you're still using konnyaku? I can't get off with that stuff.
Gakuto: It's the most convenient. And if I buy it in bulk, it's cheap.
Ikurou: Isn't your family pretty well-off? When it comes to cumming, don't be stingy.
Gakuto: But my mom is stingy. My allowance is tiny.
Ikurou: But you've done blue-collar work, right?
Gakuto: Sure, but in order for me to maintain my perfect body, I spend my money on gym memberships and protein drinks.
Ikurou: Yeah, I also spend a lot on my camera and on developing film. It's going to be a long wait until I can visit the red light district.
*Until then, the two would only know the pleasure of Rosy Palms.*
Gakuto: So then, they're havin' a bargain sale at the supermarket.
Ikurou: And with masturbation aids, who cares about expiration dates.
Gakuto: That's the ticket.
Ikurou: And besides, the stickier they are, the better.
Gakuto: Hey, hey, you'd go that far?
*The two entered the supermarket.*
Mayo: Huh? That's Gakuto-san and Fukumocchan. They seem so close. Where do you suppose they're headed?
Chika: Don't look at them. I'm sure they're up to no good.
Mayo: Didn't they head into the supermarket? They're having a sale. I should shop there later too.
Chika: What are they buying? Brr, just thinking about it gives me the creeps.
*A short while later, the two exited.*
Gakuto: Dude, how much did you buy?!
Ikurou: I'm going to try switching things up each day. And you have to make sure all the pictures you use work well together.
Gakuto: Wow, Yonpachi. I never knew there was so much depth to it.
Ikurou: Oh yeah, have you tried this?
Gakuto: Jam? On bread? That'd never work! What is this, breakfast?!
Ikurou: No, no, you wouldn't believe how well the colors match when you cum. Especially when you use strawberry jam. Think about it!
Gakuto: Not in a million years! Usin' apple pie was way better.
Ikurou: You actually tried that?
Gakuto: Everything's a challenge. I don't complain about things I haven't tried.
Ikurou: Then don't complain about this. How about fish?
Gakuto: Usin' fish to hide the fishy smell of cum was a novel idea, but now my whole room reeks of fish.
Ikurou: Do you wind up trying everything I suggest?!
Gakuto: I could get hooked on usin' the vacuum cleaner, but the one problem is that there isn't any warmth.
Ikurou: I heard there were people who got caught doing that one outdoors.
Gakuto: What idiots. I gotta say, those people have some screws loose.
Ikurou: It must be some sort of exposure sex play. Shit, I'm burning up!
*Both of them blabbered on without a care for the people around them, so everyone began to distance themselves from the pair.*
Ikurou: But perishables really are the best.
Gakuto: Tofu's cheap, but it breaks too easily to really use.
Ikurou: What if you boiled it? That'd work great! I'd use it 365 days a year.
Gakuto: Cup noodles don't work for the same reason. It's too hard to keep them at the right temperature.
Ikurou: But they'd be perfect if we could just buy some sexual lotion.
Gakuto: You can buy substitutes.
Ikurou: Well, I'm good on that. You can buy some at specialty stores.
Mayo: Good day, you two.
Chika: Can we please not talk to them?
Mayo: If we're seeing them on the weekend, fate must have tied us together.
Chika: That's the kind of bond you take a pair of scissors to.
Ikurou: Oh, if it isn't Class Rep and the dumb blondie.
Chika: Huh? Do you smell something strange?
Ikurou: From where?
Chika: Like, maybe from that bag you're holding, monkey.
Ikurou: You're not talking about this, are you?
*Yonpachi opened the bag.*
Chika: Wah! Oh my gosh, why the fish?!
Ikurou: It's something extra to sate my hunger tonight.
Mayo: You sure have a lot of food.
Gakuto: Well, they're not exactly for eating.
Mayo: What else would you do with a fish?
Ikurou: Let me tell you something, Class Rep. Besides being food, when your body's burning up, fish can--
Chika: Uh, I am so not letting you teach Mayo anything. Come on, we have shopping to do.
Gakuto: Why do you have to be so cold, Chikarin?
Chika: Because maybe enough is actually enough?
Gakuto: Aww, there they go.
Ikurou: Hm? The wind calls to me. Here it comes!
*He readied his camera.*
Ikurou: The low-angle shot's mine. Blessed are the short!
*He zoomed in on Chika's backside, then-*
Ikurou: 3, 2, 1...
Mayo: Wah!
Chika: Eeek!
*A gust of wind flipped Chika's skirt.*
Gakuto: PURPLE!
Ikurou: FIRE!
*They captured that instant on film, and then they fled!*
Chika: Hey! Stop there, you perverted monkey!
Ikurou: If you've got a problem, yell at the whimsical wind!
Gakuto: Why do I gotta run too, dammit?!
*And run he did.*
*......*
Gakuto: In other words, she has to be hot.
Takuya: You're at it again, Gakuto?
Gakuto: You really have to pay attention to her mouth. To how her lips glisten, to how dirtily she can move it -- that's the ticket.
Miyako: My Yamato will never sit quietly while you look at me with those eyes.
Yamato: 
*She glanced over towards me, so I looked away.*
Gakuto: I've known you for too long to look at you that way.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. The Shiina Virus truly is contagious.
Gakuto: That's not what I meant! Stop bringin' up the past!
Shouichi: At this point, I can't tell what's bullyin' and what's not anymore.
Yamato: The past is a scary place.
Chris: Though it may have been in the past, one should apologize for harming another.
Yamato: You speak as if you've never done anything wrong.
Chris: I cannot think of any wrongdoing I have committed.
Yamato: But even recent events, given time, will become the past.
Miyako: You are perfectly able to play at home.
Chris: You would mimic my voice?!
Miyako: This abandoned building should have been torn down years ago.
Chris: Wawa! I-I am sorry about then!
Miyako: You shouldn't expect there to be no skeletons in your closet. I certainly won't forget.
*She grinned at Chris as she panicked.*
Takuya: Looks like she's got herself a new bit of spite.
Shouichi: The past is in the past. There's no use overthinking all that stuff.
Yamato: Yeah. In the end, we're just chatting about bygone days.
*And besides, now we were close friends.*
Kazuko: Hey, hey, what's everyone talking about?!
Miyako: We've been talking about how you've always been such a good girl, Wanko.
Kazuko: Wow! Praise me more! More!
Miyako: But I'm in a bad mood right now. Shoo, shoo.
Kazuko: Wawah! Why are you attacking me?!
*Wanko had brought with her a thread of calm, everyone relaxed.*
Momoyo: So then, what sort of girls do I hit on today? Do I go for tits, or for asses?
Umeko: I have business to take care of today, so I will be late to the archery range. Come to the teacher's office to pick up the key.
Archery Club Captain: Understood.
Margit: You there! You will walk in proper formation!
Koyuki: Sure, kay-kay!
Ami: Are those the sumo and football clubs? Weh heh, I'd love to make those nice bodies dance to the tune of my whip.
*The bridge was once again filled with the humorous.*
Yamato: It looks like a ton of the people you've confessed to lately are here, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Farewell, women I loved.
Takuya: That sounds cool, but then I remember all of them shot you down.
Gakuto: Shut up! Half the people in the world are women!
Yamato: As desperate as ever, I see.
*Did he intend to ever change his ways?*
Miyako: There you go again. If only you could devote yourself to one woman.
Gakuto: I'll have you know I've never two-timed a woman. Now, it's almost time for me to act.
Yukie: B-But I think it's incredible how easily you go from feeling you're in love to confessing.
Chris: To quickly act after making up one's mind is certainly good.
Gakuto: Okay! I have had a feeling. Chris, I love you!
Chris: What? You insolent cretin!
Gakuto: Gwah! But I acted quickly!
Yamato: A little too quickly.
*It took guts to pull a stunt like that with a dear friend.*
Miyako: Yamato, you're thinking of me?
Yamato: No, let's just stay friends.
*I carefully thought things through before giving my conclusion.*
Takuya: Gakuto's scary because he runs his mouth before he thinks.
Yamato: Come to think of it, Moro, I've never heard you talk about anyone you like.
Takuya: Hmm, I guess maybe I'm scared of falling in love.
*I could see that. Moro had a delicate soul.*
Miyako: I can't hide this feeling. There'd be no point.
Yukie: M-Miyako-san, you're incredible too.
Yamato: If only she didn't take things to the point where I want to call the police...
Takuya: ...Ahaha. She can definitely be a little extreme.
Shouichi: That's all you guys talk about anymore. It's so boring. The Kazama Family isn't some gang of womanizers!
*This was one conversation Capt couldn't follow along with, so he'd started to sulk.*
*......*
Mayo: Nnm, nnmm... I can't reach it.
*She was cleaning the blackboard.*
Mayo: ...There we go.
*She took off her shoes and climbed atop a chair.*
Takuya: Are you all right?
Jun: I-I want to help her, but my heart is racing so fast -- I can't move.
Yamato: You're certainly not all right.
*Inoue often came to our class.*
Yamato: But more importantly, back to what you were saying.
Jun: The sports festival's coming up. I'm here to see if you'll swallow the conditions the Young Master set forth for class 2-S.
Yamato: You're being too demanding. Do you think your class would swallow any demands I set?
Jun: Not a chance. I doubt Hideo or Fushikawa would listen to a thing you say.
Yamato: I've got the same problem on my end.
*For the sports festival this week, we and our rival class 2-S were put on the same team, so we moderates were conducting negotiations.*
Jun: Oh, more importantly, look!
Mayo: Now I can reach.
Jun: The sight of her tiny body struggling is too charming for words! It is so touching, so transient, yet I can feel its strength.
Yamato: If you don't want to talk, then go back.
*Neither class was short on perverts.*
Gakuto: The podium's old, and it's not steady.
Mayo: Wawa!
*He snatched the eraser from her.*
Gakuto: This'll get done more quickly if I handle it.
Mayo: But that's the class representative's job.
Gakuto: You're not tall enough. Don't strain yourself tryin' to reach for the impossible.
Mayo: Oooh. There goes my dignity...
Mayo: But maybe I can rely on you to do it.
*Gakuto haphazardly wiped the chalk stains from the board.*
Gakuto: That good?
Mayo: ...Now the chalk is just smeared across the board.
Gakuto: Ok, fine. I'll use this eraser.
Mayo: And I'll apply the cleaner.
*Together, they completed the task.*
Shouichi: When Gakuto sees something like that, there's no way he'll sit back and do nothing.
Yamato: He's surprisingly helpful, yeah.
Kazuko: And he's always willing to go out and do roadwork with me.
Takuya: He also used to help me out. Though our positions are reversed now.
Gakuto: Huh? Could it be? Are people actually appreciating what I bring to bear?
Yamato: Nope.
Gakuto: Yamato, please, use your information network to tell all the girls in school how great I am.
Yamato: That's a tall order.
*The problem was, he easily got carried away.*
Ikurou: Even I've got some good things going for me. They just don't get it.
Chika: Uh, I'm pretty sure every girl in every class knows perfectly well how much of a pervert you are, Monkey?
Ikurou: The real me is prettier than you'd believe! But thanks to all the rumors, everyone expects me to behave this way!
Chika: I'd feel so bad for you if those rumors weren't true. But they are. You're just a creep.
Ikurou: Dammit, what's wrong with you? Fine then. I'm gonna masturbate to all the pics I've taken of you!
Takuya: Yeah, everything they say about you in school is the honest truth.
Suguru: Rumors mean nothing to me. Were it not for school, I'd never leave the perfect confines of my room.
Chika: You're a nerd and gloomy? Like, that's just the worst.
Suguru: Oh, your voice is so shrill, so cacophonous. Why, blondie, must you never let a hint of moe enter your tone?
Takuya: When we can't even get our class to work together...
Yamato: It's going to be tough to keep the peace with 2-S too.
*Just thinking about it was dizzying.*
Mayo: Welcome to 2-F.
Jun: Y-Your smile, it shines so bright... Whoa... Like a diamond!
Shouichi: It's not halfway near as shiny as your head, Baldie.
Yamato: How many times have I told you, Capt? It's rude to call Baldie 'Baldie' to his face.
Shouichi: Oh. My bad about that, Baldie.
Yamato: Hahaha. Sorry.
Jun: Well, it doesn't really bother me. I'm used to it.
Mayo: Inoue-chan, thank you for all of your efforts.
*That was how our class rep greeted him.*
Jun: I'd do anything for my Class Rep!
Mayo: You'd say that about your classmate? Kuki-chan must be so lucky.
Jun: No, I mean you, not him.
Chika: Mayo, come here, would you?
Mayo: Okay. Then I'll see you again soon.
*She toddled away.*
Jun: Your class rep is so great. Mind trading with ours?
Kazuko: Awawawawawa!
*Wanko looked like she was on the verge of tears.*
Yamato: Just thinking about it terrifies Wanko. We'll pass.
Jun: Both you and the Class 2-F Rep have the right to join Class S.
Yamato: Nah, this place suits us better.
Jun: The Young Master's lonely, you know.
Yamato: ...All the more reason to stay.
Haguro: My fuckin' hangnail! Somebody, get me scissors.
Chris: What do you plan to use the scissors for?
Suguru: I beg of you, do not take off the socks you haven't washed since last year!
Haguro: As if. I like my clothes clean, so I wash them once every few months.
Chika: Oh, you totally shouldn't lend her your scissors, Chris. They'll get dirty.
Tadakatsu: I'm so tired...
Miyako: ...Mmmm. (She flipped to the next page of her book.)
*Even with a student from another class here, she still didn't react.*
Jun: Class Rep is the only girl I need.
Yamato: Don't say that. They're all good people at heart.
*Though I understood the sentiment.*
Gakuto: Hey, hey, guys from Class S don't get to look at Class F girls.
Ikurou: You're raping our women with your eyes!
Chika: We aren't 'your' women, you dumb monkey!
Haguro: Like seriously, you'd so go all the way to Mt. Ape just to catch some simian tail.
Jun: Looks like your class has just as many problems as ours.
Yamato: I've gotten used to it.
Gakuto: You have it nice. There's Margit, and the maid...
Jun: What's good about it? Every day I'm fighting for my life.
Yamato: They do say there's a thin line between genius and insanity.
*And everyone there lived on that edge.*
Jun: Let me tell you, the worst hell is during lunch on Tuesdays.
Yamato: I've told her to try to hold back, but...
*But Nee-san would rarely go a radio show without breaking a few bones in his body.*
Jun: We did a survey. Turns out that bit's pretty popular.
Yamato: Well, that is what the listeners like.
Jun: But still, my body could really break, for Buddha's sake.
Yamato: Good thing your dad's a doctor.
Jun: No it's not! And you're already assuming I'm going to be destroyed!
Gakuto: I've been listening for a bit, and I gotta ask: Why would you complain about bein' surrounded by so many sexy girls?!
Jun: 'Sexy'? I cannot comment on that. However, you do not get to declare me blessed, Gakuto.
Gakuto: But you are!
Ikurou: Guess what I know? Before you became bald, a senior girl confessed to you!
Jun: I politely turned her down.
Gakuto: You know the saying. When petticoats woo, breeks do... uh, somethin'. What's a breek again?
Takuya: If you don't know what the words mean, don't force yourself to use them!
Ikurou: Do you know how many times I've came to that senpai? Dude, I can't believe you threw that away.
Jun: If she'd been ten years younger, I might have made a mistake.
Takuya: You are talking about a student here at Kawakami Academy, right?
Gakuto: Ten years younger? That'd be a crime!
*Mistake seemed like an understatement.*
Jun: My feelings are nothing if not pure. Nothing in my heart is deserving of guilt.
Gakuto: Really? Can you seriously say that?
Mayo: Wah!
Chika: Mayo, look out!
*Class Rep nearly fell, but Ogasawara saved her.*
Jun: ...That was close. Thank goodness. However, if she'd just fallen a little over, then maybe I could've seen her p...
Gakuto: Huh? What was that, you pervert?
Jun: Th-This is the magic of little girls. Oh, by the Three Treasures!
Gakuto: What's so great about a kiddy body? She's got no curves.
Mayo: I feel like there's some malice within our class.
Chika: Really?
Jun: Her waist isn't over 60. Call those people 'not curvy.'
Chika: Now why do I feel like someone's trying to pick a fight?
Mayo: I didn't really get that feeling at all?
*Their opinions were clashing violently.*
Gakuto: What's most important is if they look like a girl. I'm not some babysitter.
Jun: You shouldn't look at women so vulgarly. Girls are girls, humanity's greatest treasure in this cruel world.
Gakuto: Then I guess you don't have feelings for anyone in particular.
Jun: Well, I mean, even I fall in love.
*He passionately gazed at Class Rep from afar.*
Gakuto: That's just terrifying!
*There was no way I could keep up with them.*
Takuya: That was amazing. How can you say so much in public?
Gakuto: No, there is simply no way I can get along with 2-S.
Jun: Nor can I with your class. We think too differently.
Takuya: Hey, don't act like you're talking for the whole class!
Ikurou: I'll be your second, Gakuto!
Suguru: Open your eyes. The 2D realm would satisfy both your desires!
*Everyone gathered up as passions flared.*
Ikurou: Everyone will hear of our dreams!
Gakuto: Yeah. T&A make a girl! She's gotta have a good figure and be hot!
Suguru: Design numbers alone suffice. Never will I accept a main heroine whose waistline is over 60.
Yamato: Just calm down already.
Jun: Uh, I haven't said anything for a while now...
Haguro: He is just unbelievable. He so needs to get a clue.
Chika: Like, your creepiness is way past the critical point.
*Now that a fire'd been lit in the sex-starved boys, no one could stop them.*
Yamato: Looks like the girls have come up with a new Quattro.
*I'd heard rumors about it from the girls after school yesterday.*
Tadakatsu: Why're you talkin' to me about it? I don't give a damn.
Yamato: You've always been one of the Quattro, so...
Tadakatsu: And so I'd freakin' care about their damn rumors?
*He was as cool and stoic as ever.*
Shouichi: A quattro? Just the sound of that's so cool! Lemme in!
Yamato: You've long been one of the Quattro too.
*The four kings of hotness, the Elegante Quattro. Half of them lived in our dorm.*
Shouichi: No! I wanna be one of the new ones!
Yamato: But this isn't a Quattro you'd want to be a part of.
Miyako: You shouldn't worry about what strangers say about you.
Yamato: But still, this all feels too sudden.
*Maybe this called for some probing.*
*......*
Gakuto: Hey, g'morning.
Ikurou: Hey, Blondie, what color are your panties today?
Chika: ...Hmph.
Ikurou: You're in a bad mood. On your period?
Suguru: Hmph. No anime or gaming heroine would dare show such an expression.
*Strange. Normally, she'd be willing to pick a fight.*
Chika: Morning, Mayo.
Mayo: Chika-chan, good morning.
Gakuto: ...Hm? Doesn't she seem a bit cold?
*They were being completely ignored.*
Kazuko: What's wrong?
Gakuto: Is somethin' weird about me today?
Kazuko: Nope. You have the same weirdness as ever.
Gakuto: I can't count on you, Wanko. Chris, what do you think?
Chris: You do not seem any different to me.
Gakuto: Right? I'm the same nice guy today that I always am.
*But the vast majority of girls were still giving him pointed looks.*
Gakuto: It's almost like they're tryin' to avoid me.
Gakuto: But maybe there's a positive explanation -- Oh, is this courtesy turned upside-down?
Miyako: Unlikely.
*The Kazama Family, on the other hand, treated him like normal.*
Chika: Here's the album with all the tunes that were playing at the club I told you about earlier.
Yamato: Thanks. If there's anything you want to borrow from me, just go ahead and ask.
Chika: Well then, maybe I'll borrow Kazama-kun.
Yamato: Make sure I have him back by tonight.
Chika: Huh? Really?!
Shouichi: Yamato, I belong to everyone! You can't just hand me over to one person!
Mitsuru: Ogasawara-san, here's a waffle from the store I mentioned earlier.
Chika: Oh my gosh, yes. I've wanted to try one ever since I saw it in Kawakami Walker.
*She clearly wasn't prejudiced against every boy in our class...*
Takuya: Yamato, isn't this...
Yamato: I can guess, but let me investigate.
*......*
*Morning classes ended, and lunch began.*
Haguro: ...Hmm... *ignore*
Gakuto: Yes, somethin' strange is goin' on here.
*The girls' reactions to Gakuto continued to be as cold as ice.*
Yamato: Everyone, I've figured it out.
*Or rather, I'd asked Ogasawara-san. She instantly made things clear.*
Yamato: The events yesterday triggered the creation of the Creepy Quattro.
Takuya: I thought so. Turns out I was right.
Yamato: You're reaping what you sowed. There's nothing I can do to help.
Takuya: Still, The Creepy Quattro? They're not pulling their punches at all.
Yamato: Just hearing the name would make anyone think they're people to stay away from.
Takuya: Why'd they use an English word with Quattro?
Yamato: Apparently, they didn't want to sully the Italian language any more than they had to.
Suguru: Oh, the mewlings of the unenlightened...
Suguru: The minds of dumb blondies shall be forever beyond my grasp.
Ikurou: If they call them the Creepy Quattro, they've gotta be so disgusting you'd puke just looking at them.
Gakuto: Hahaha. Whoever they are, my heart goes out to them.
Takuya: They're talking about you!
Gakuto: Real funny joke you've got there, Moro. Yamato, why don't you tell him what the real answer is?
Yamato: They're Shimazu Gakuto, Fukumoto Ikurou, Oogushi Suguru, and a senior who always smells like a cattle ranch.
Gakuto: He was right?!
Ikurou: Hey, hey, we're not nearly as bad as that farmer guy!
*All of this had stemmed from the arguments that had taken place two days ago.*
Suguru: Whew. I am relieved, truly relieved.
Suguru: Had they not built this wall, I would have had to do so myself, and make 3D pay for it.
Takuya: You would think that, wouldn't you...
*However, the other two weren't as relieved.*
Ikurou: Y-You gotta be joking! You're saying every girl in school's gonna look at us like that?!
Gakuto: There's gotta be some mistake. I mean, how can Baldie not be in the group?!
Yamato: He's surprisingly well-liked around here because of the radio program.
Takuya: And he is part of the elite, advanced class.
Yamato: He has brains and brawn, and isn't his father's the assistant director of the Aoimon Hospital?
Ikurou: Shit, he's got it made... Damn that 2-S bastard!
Yamato: For now, just calm down.
Suguru: May this be the opportunity for all to embrace the 2D world. Thus will you forget the pain of reality.
*Suguru hoped he could use this to find more people he could call his brothers.*
Mitsuru: Hmm, this might be a little too cruel.
Mayo: Is that true, Chika-chan?
Chika: Huh? Well... Basically?
Mayo: Then you're bullying a classmate! And I'm the class representative -- I'm supposed to stop that!
Chika: H-Hey, it's mostly just a big prank.
Mayo: You're a good girl, Chika-chan, so I'm sure you understand that what you're doing isn't nice.
Haguro: But creeps are just yuck. You have to disinfect the filth.
*Class Rep tried her best, but her words didn't carry in everyone's hearts.*
Kokoro: Do not step further, lest your disease spread to me.
Azumi: Get out of here, you friggin' creeps!
*The girls from 2-S hated them more than ever.*
Gakuto: But I haven't done anything. Now what do I do?
Yamato: Repent for everything you've ever done.
Gakuto: That's merciless! Envelop me in love!
Yamato: I thought you didn't want a man's love.
Gakuto: I would accept your love, Yamato.
Ikurou: I've decided. Next Goblins' Banquet, everything's gonna be on sale. And this year, the sports festival is aquatic!
Gakuto: At least that salvation remains to me.
Yamato: The sports festival might be a genuine disaster.
*......*
Gakuto: Miyako, I'm really sorry...
Miyako: Being randomly apologized to is kind of creepy, you know.
Yamato: Right now, Gakuto's a bona-fide disease.
*Maybe he understood now what it was like to be treated as if you were infected.*
Miyako: Diseases can go mope in the shadows.
Gakuto: But I want to stand proudly in the sun.
*He started complaining.*
Shouichi: Don't let them get to you. You've got us.
Chris: Rumors are foolish things, and never last forever.
*But all the same, no one knew when these would fade.*
Yamato: If he acts like he normally does, confesses to someone, and gets shot down...
Miyako: Mm-hm, he'll become a laughingstock. And that will break his heart in two.
Yukie: G-Gakuto-san, please cheer up.
Gakuto: Heh. I bet you look at me the same way as the rest of them.
Yukie: That's not remotely true. You are an astounding person.
Miyako: 'Astounding' could mean you're astounded by his actions.
Yukie: Hauu, no -- I'd never!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's tryin' to say he's astoundin'.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. You're so much fun to tease, Mayucchi.
Yamato: This is a serious problem. Don't act like it's a joke.
Miyako: Gakuto is Gakuto. He and Wanko are the loveable idiots who act as our Family's funny men.
*At least he had some supporters...*
Yamato: I've gone and asked people in every year, and it seems roughly 70% of the school is aware of the Creepy Quattro.
Gakuto: That's way too much, dammit!
Yamato: Think positively. 30% aren't paying it any mind.
Yukie: That's right. I'm sure you can still do something.
Miyako: Cheer up!
*Afterwards, everyone proceeded to comfort Gakuto.*
Mayo: Good work during the sports festival.
*The school had split into four teams -- Genbu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Seiryuu -- and competed to earn points, but...*
Ikurou: But why isn't the image of girls in school swimsuits etched into my memories?!
Mitsuru: It feels like it only lasted for an instant.
Yamato: Well, the final, memorable conclusion must still be experienceable somewhere.
Shouichi: Dammit, why'd we in the Seiryuu Army have to lose?
*This time, we hadn't been able to pull it off.*
Chris: I had no intention of not placing first, but we were no match for the Byakko Army.
Kazuko: Even in the sea, Onee-sama's unbeatable.
Yamato: I think we did well, considering what we were up against.
*Which had been not just Nee-san's class but Mayucchi's too.*
Chika: But even so, 2-S didn't even try.
Yamato: Yeah, I think being teamed up with us took the wind out of their sails.
Suguru: Every time something happened, blame was laid at our feet. Hence why I curse women of reality and the men who worship them.
Takuya: Don't you think it's a little much to tie those things together?
Mitsuru: Ah, I hope there's a sea mollusk eating contest every year.
Yamato: Yeah, that's one of the crazier battles in the Aquatic Kawakami Campaign.
*Kuma-chan had won by a landslide, of course.*
Gakuto: Once you saw those sea mollusks, you had eyes for nothin' else.
Mitsuru: They're good for you, so I'm comfortable eating as many as I want.
Takuya: But still, I'm worried you ate too much.
Chris: I cannot believe you even ate the opposing teams'.
Yamato: We'd already won. If the other armies had wanted more, they should've eaten faster.
*But ultimately, we'd lost in the end.*
Yamato: I'm still frustrated that I couldn't bring the army together.
*In team events, everyone had tried to be the star.*
*I wished people could've put the team first.*
Takuya: 2-S didn't even listen to what you had to say.
Yamato: And the boys in our class didn't listen to Aoi. We needed better communication on both sides.
*But it'd been hard for everyone to put aside differences with their rivals.*
Yamato: We needed to take the time to understand each other.
Ikurou: Impossible. Those guys call us monkeys!
Gakuto: Half the class calls you a monkey. Maybe because you're always talkin' about porn.
Ikurou: It's a huge compliment.
Yamato: No, it's not.
Ikurou: But, man, they all make fun of me!
*It had led to him becoming one of the Creepy Quattro.*
Takuya: Well? Can you accept it, or not?
Yamato: If you consider it a compliment, then act like it.
Ikurou: Yeah. I'm the most perverted monkey of them all!
*His words sounded masochistic in my ear.*
Gakuto: And that's how we've survived this long.
Ikurou: But we can't let it end like this.
Ikurou: We're getting vengeance against the girls who've made fun of us!
Gakuto: We will make them experience the same pain we've had to face.
*They were fired up and ready to do something, but...*
Ikurou: So Yamato, help us out.
Takuya: I knew this would come to that.
Gakuto: You're up, Tactician!
Yamato: Nah.
Takuya: I can't believe you'd ask when there's still girls around.
*He was right. Or did they expect me to make an enemy of every girl here?*
Yamato: Vengeance is a waste of your time. It won't get you anywhere.
Ikurou: I was a fool to even think of relying on you!
Gakuto: Are there no true tacticians left in this world?!
Ikurou: Fine then. I'll sell pictures at the Goblins' Banquet of all the girls who've avoided me!
Gakuto: Hmph. Let them be objects of fantasy for hungry boys late at night.
Yamato: ...And you wonder why you keep making enemies.
*What was I supposed to do with guys like them?*
*That morning, all of us who lived in the dorm gathered in the living room.*
Yamato: Don't you think it's gotten hot, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: It's summer. What do you think?
Shouichi: When it's this hot, it's hard not to feel all sluggish.
Tadakatsu: Tch. There's some popsicles in the damn freezer. Have one.
Tadakatsu: Just stop lookin' at me like you're dying...
Shouichi: Sweet! I'm gonna get one now!
*He dashed off.*
Tadakatsu: Go get yourself one, too, dammit.
Yamato: Alright. Thanks.
Tadakatsu: And give some to the girls. I don't wanna deal with them whinin' at me later. I'm gonna head out.
Miyako: So we're starting the morning with ice pops.
*Everyone dug into the popsicles.*
Yukie: This is so considerate of him. I-I should thank him, or...
Chris: Oh, it is so deliciously sweet.
Miyako: Hey, c'mon, look. Look.
*She engulfed the popsicle in her mouth and slowly moved her lips.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss*... The rod you gave me, Yamato, is so white and delicious.
Chris: Were we not given these by Minamoto-dono?
Miyako: I was trying to fantasize.
Chris: Oh, as you always do, yes. But try not to take things too far.
*Even Chris had gotten fairly accustomed to dealing with Miyako.*
Miyako: You should learn from me, Mayucchi. It could help in your future. The trick is to start at the bottom, and then...
Yukie: Hawawawawa!
Shouichi: I'm gonna eat mine in one big gulp!
Miyako: Capt, you're too bold... But I'd ship it!
Yamato: I'm sick of this Family.
*How had my life turned into this?*
Momoyo Fan 1: Oh, it's one of the Creepy Quattro.
Momoyo Fan 2: He's seriously eww.
Momoyo: I don't have time for mean girls who insult my friends.
Momoyo Fan 1: Um, pl-please don't throw us away!
Momoyo Fan 2: I didn't notice before, but you look really strong.
*Her hanger-ons fled, presumably out of embarrassment.*
Momoyo: See? I care for my friends.
Miyako: But their feelings remain unchanged. Outsiders' never do.
Momoyo: I'll change them through their feelings for me. My charm is just that powerful.
Miyako: That's so cool.
Gakuto: Oh, why did it come to this?
Kazuko: Here. I'll give you gum, so please cheer up.
Chris: Even Dog is pitying him now.
Yamato: Time will fix all.
*Or so I thought.*
*......*
Umeko: That concludes attendance. Let us begin homeroom.
*Everyone silently and respectfully listened to Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: Your focus may subside in the growing heat, but I hope each of you studies in full for the upcoming finals.
*Summer was only a hop, skip, and a jump away.*
Umeko: Hm. We have some spare time. As a change of pace, why not talk about this morning?
Umeko: I saw a freshwater crab on the road to school.
Yamato: Aren't the Tama River's banks so tranquil?
Shouichi: Summer's the season for adventure. I'm not looking for peace, not this year, not ever!
Mayo: However, if it's on the road, it might get squished.
Umeko: Yes. I was afraid a car might hit it, so I scooted it out of the way.
*She smiled, a rare sight.*
Umeko: Up close, crabs can be truly charming. Perhaps I'd enjoy raising some hermit crabs of my own.
Yamato: ...DID YOU SAY HERMIT CRABS?!
*At that moment, it was like every rational thought in my head vanished past a black hole's event horizon.*
Gakuto: Raising pets will only lead to you missin' your chance to get m--mmph?!
Suguru: Have you lost your mind? Or do you wish for death?
Yamato: Leave all things hermit crab to me!
*I stood.*
Takuya: Oh no, it's too late.
Miyako: But I like even this part of Yamato.
Yamato: Let's start with Raising Pets 101.
Takuya: Do you plan on continuing through grad-level classes?!
Umeko: Hey, Naoe.
Yamato: Concave land hermit crabs are humorous and cute creatures said to bring happiness from the sea.
Mitsuru: You've decided to focus on just them?
Yamato: You have to remember that concave land hermit crabs live many years. Not as many as they would in the wild, but still more than a small dog.
Yamato: They move at their leisure, and they can seem dunderheaded at times, but that makes them something like an oasis in our crazed modern soc--
Umeko: I understand, Naoe, now sit down!
Chris: The expression on his face looks so childish.
Kazuko: This always happens when he starts talking about hermit crabs.
Chika: Whoa...
*......*
Yamato: I might've gotten a little carried away just now.
*To be honest, I couldn't even remember what I'd said.*
Yamato: Ogasawara-san, thanks for the album you lent me earlier.
Chika: Huh? Oh, right...
*She took the CD and placed it straight into her bag.*
Yamato: I never really appreciated just how much good Eurobeat music there is.
Chika: Well, yeah.
Yamato: Huh? What's wrong?
Chika: No, it's nothing, really.
*She seemed somewhat distant.*
Shouichi: Hey Yamato, let's go to the bathroom.
Yamato: Can't you go by yourself?
Shouichi: Everyone knows friends go to the bathroom together.
Yamato: Well, I guess I can go.
*Capt still wasn't out.*
Yamato: Don't tell me it was a number two.
*I wondered if I should go back without him.*
Haguro: Wow, I had no idea Naoe was so... so...
Yamato: What?
*Was she gossipping about me in the hallway?*
Chika: I know. Like, how could he keep going and going?
Haguro: Morooka's old news, but he's totally a nerd too.
Chika: Right? Like, I'm so creeped out by it all.
Haguro: And he geeks out over hermit crabs and crustaceans? Seriously?
Chika: Like, as if, am I right?
*What... the...*
Haguro: I guess he keepin' some at home. Think he named them?
Chika: Well, if they're pets, of course he would.
Haguro: He probably went with stupid, obvious names, like Hermy or Crabba.
Chika: If you're right, that would be seriously hilarious!
Yamato: ... *crack, crack*
*C-Calm down, I told myself. I have to stay calm!*
Haguro: The Prince of Crabs? That is so lit.
Chika: Ahaha, that's great.
Haguro: Then maybe we gotta call the Creepy Quattro the Princes of Creepdom?
Chika: Ahahaha. My sides... They're splitting!
*A lightning bolt ran through my mind.*
Takuya: What jerks. They even dragged me into it... Don't let them get to you, Yamato. Let's just head inside.
Yamato: They denied every bit of me.
Yamato: Why can't they understand the glory of hermit crabs?
Yamato: I get a boner just looking at them...
Takuya: ...It can be really dangerous to thoughtlessly demean something somebody else loves.
Shouichi: Ah, I'm glad I got that out of me. Huh? Yamato, you look completely out of it.
Takuya: For now, let's leave him be.
*......*
Miyako: That happened while I was reading a book in the classroom?
Miyako: They'll pay for that! I'll punish them under the cover of night.
*I'd told Miyako what had happened during lunch.*
Yamato: However, lashing out at them would only spawn more rumors.
Miyako: You're okay leaving things like this, Yamato?
Yamato: Their opinions are vulgar, so my revenge has to be just as vulgar.
Miyako: I love how you burn with righteous fury.
Yamato: Maybe I'll go after them during tomorrow's practical philosophy class.
Miyako: Take me now!
Yamato: Let's be friends.
Miyako: Tch. So you still have some rationality left.
*I'd gotten Mr. Beard to tell me the topic of discussion ahead of time.*
*The class debate would be a prime opportunity.*
*The time for vengeance had come.*
Chika: I pushed down my skirt while heading up the stairs, and all the boys looked at me like I'd canceled Christmas. Like seriously, they can be so stupid.
Haguro: Me, times like that, I spread my legs wide. They eyes ain't goin' nowhere, sister! Kyah hah hah!
Suguru: Hmph. What repulsive voices I hear. I shall refresh myself by listening to anime songs.
*I would give them their just deserts.*
Shouichi: Beardy's class is next up. I wonder what we're doing today.
Kazuko: I like Beardy's classes too. They're fun.
Chris: He truly makes you think.
*The class was popular, but there were other reasons too.*
Haguro: He don't get angry with me when I play with my phone, though he do got old-man stink.
Chika: Well, he is old. But once a man gets to that point, he's through.
Takuya: You're not holding back at all, huh.
Yamato: Yet we all know they'd be singing a different tune if anyone talked that way about them.
Miyako: But people like them will just blindly fight you with emotional arguments.
Yamato: No matter who I'm up against, in class, there's zones of non-aggression.
*Places where I could corner them.*
Kyojin: Yes, yes, for now, everyone here for class, sit down. Those who'd rather sleep, don't snore.
*Mr. Beard came in the door.*
Kyojin: Someone said my introductory remarks go long, so let's just get started with class already.
Chika: Aren't you, like, cutting things way too close?
Kyojin: You said it. We both know how irrational a world this place is.
*Basically, he just wanted to complain.*
Kyojin: Today, we're having a mock group debate, something that comes up a lot during interviews.
Mitsuru: Looks like today's lesson will be useful in the workplace. *munch munch*
Kyojin: Hey, hey, this old man always tries to teach useful lessons. Oh, give me one of those croissants.
Chris: Debating while eating food? What is the meaning of this?
Miyako: My future dreams are already set in stone. This has nothing to do with me.
Kyojin: Housewives don't have it easy these days either. A lot of families have dual-income.
Chika: Isn't the problem that men can't provide for their families?
Haguro: Men these days are so blech.
Suguru: Cease your mockery! Perhaps making ends meet would be easier were you dregs of society not blowing men's earnings at the pachinko parlors!
Chika: Huh? That is so prejudiced.
Haguro: Heck, men are supposed to work. Women are supposed to shine. Oh, look at me soundin' all profound. Kah hah hah.
*Things were already at a fever pitch...*
Kyojin: Yes, yes. In the past, haven't you had debates like that about whether men or women are better?
Suguru: There was such an occasion. Yet now I realize that doing so with someone of the third dimension was a waste of time.
Kyojin: So today, we're going to similarly pick a subject and--
Ikurou: Well, men are obviously superior.
Gakuto: Of course we are.
Chika: Hah. I'm so not gonna take that.
Haguro: You guys think girls are shit?
*Things quickly turned into a battle of the sexes.*
Kyojin: Hey, hey, you can pick something else.
Yamato: I'll be the timekeeper. (I raise my hand.)
Kyojin: Normally the moderator would handle that too, but fine.
Gakuto: Hmph. You're volunteerin' to do that?
Yamato: Mr. Beard's got a lot on his plate. We can't make him handle everything.
Kyojin: Well, aren't you nice, Naoe. That's a good attitude to have.
*All right. Time was mine to command.*
Miyako: Who cares if you're a boy or a girl... But there you all go again.
Takuya: That's what this class is. And it can be fun, on occasion.
Kyojin: So the topic's whether boys or girls are superior... Well, that'd be a little childish, so how about which one's more foolish?
Yamato: Now's a good time to start, so let's begin.
*Debate Scrum START.*
Yamato: First, the boys will have 6 minutes for arguments.
Haguro: Huh? The boys going first makes, like, zero sense.
Kyojin: Right now, you're supposed to be listening to the boys speak, Ganguro.
*The moderator rebuked her.*
Gakuto: Men are superior because they've got the power. Women are weak. But I will protect them.
Kazuko: That's a funny thing to say. How about we have a ma--
Miyako: Wanko, right now we're listening.
Kazuko: Wahh! But I wanna prove he's wrong now!
*As the girls came to understand the rules, they began to smile as they listened to the boys' claims.*
Mitsuru: Hmm, I think both boys and girls are pretty great.
Ikurou: Hey! We're trying to have a debate over here!
Suguru: Heed my words -- the likes of blondie will soon have to face reality!
Ikurou: Yeah, seriously, what sort of girl wears jeans? Put on a skirt! A skirt so short I can see your panties!
Yamato: Okay, girls, ask your questions.
Shouichi: Hey, don't I get to speak up?!
Tadakatsu: Let the idiots who wanna talk freakin' blab away. My old man might be teaching, but it's no skin off my back.
*The boys who were popular with the girls had no chance to step up.*
Yamato: You have one minute to prepare.
Kazuko: I don't need to prepare. Right here, we will--
Chris: We will determine just who is stronger.
Kazuko: Wah! Kuri, that's my line!
Kyojin: By the way, that's a rebuttal, not a questioning. Ask questions and don't come up with a counterargument.
Chika: Monkey, you said all the girls are wearing jeans, but like, I'm wearing a skirt.
Kyojin: Okay. Answer her, Fukumoto.
Ikurou: Eh, blondie, I got pictures of you for days. I'm looking for something new.
Takuya: I can't imagine a worse response.
*That didn't even qualify as a retort, I thought.*
Yamato: Okay, now the girls have 6 minutes for arguments.
Haguro: Boys are so stupid. They're always gazing at our skirts. It's seriously just so creepy.
Chika: Like, one of them was just stupid enough to confess to it.
Haguro: Besides, lately, girls have been, like, big breadwinners.
Chika: I know, right? Men are simply idiots. They think girls will fall over for them if they work out or know the latest trends.
Gakuto: ...Mm? What'd you say?!
Ikurou: Calm down, Gakuto. We aren't wrong here.
Haguro: Heck, monkeys and gorillas totally belong in the zoo. One no one ain't goin' to see.
Ikurou: Y-You little b--
Yamato: Boys, ask your questions.
Takuya: I mean, I don't think I look at girls like that...
Chika: Uh, have you ever heard of looking someone in the eyes when you speak? Try that again.
Takuya: ...Just forget it.
*Time continued to pass with both boys and girls itching for a fight.*
*Even after all that, no one was willing to meet halfway.*
Yamato: Girls, give your initial rebuttal.
*The girls got to attack first.*
Chika: One of you said you could protect us, but you shouldn't say that until after you've gotten rich.
Haguro: When we're hungry, you gonna treat us to Italian? When we want brand-name gifts, you gonna fork over a roll of cash?
Suguru: How rotten the third dimension is...
Takuya: Right now, we have to stay strong against their attacks. Though their excuses are really awful.
Chika: One of you disgusting nerds just said we had to face reality, but what about you?
Haguro: You're the ones blind to reality!
Suguru: You accursed blondie... Then, shall we battle?
*Suguru was already on the verge of erupting.*
Mayo: E-Everyone, maybe we've gone a bit too far?
Chika: Mayo, this is our lesson. We can't stop now.
Mayo: Ch-Chika-chan, you're on fire!
Yamato: Boys, give your initial rebuttal.
Gakuto: You would deny a guy as nice as me? If you don't like it, then put on some muscle yourselves!
Suguru: The only brands one need concern himself with are those of game makers. The rest are meaningless.
Ikurou: You're girls, so wear girly, frilly clothes! Don't you have any sense of charity?!
*By this point, everyone was just complaining to the other side.*
Kyojin: Uh, students, try to respond to each other's arguments?
Yamato: For the final rebuttal, should we allow both boys and girls to talk?
Kyojin: Yeah. Go spit out everything you wanna say.
Miyako: (Yamato's not saying anything, and I don't really care, so I'll sleep.)
*She fell asleep.*
Kazuko: None of this makes any sense.
*Wanko withdrew, bored.*
Chris: None of you has done anything but complain for some time now. This is no debate.
*Chris didn't seem interested in joining the conversation either.*
Yamato: (Little wonder. There was no other possible outcome.)
*Neither side was willing to give an inch, unsurprisingly.*
Chika: Besides, men waste the money they earn on prostitutes and hostess bars.
Ikurou: That's what it means to be a man!
Haguro: What? That's, like, stupid. You got no confidence, so you pay for it? Yeah, you ain't got nothin'.
Chika: Well, someone like Touma-kun from Class S would totally never do something like that.
Haguro: Most of the boys in this class are such kids. Like, we totally ain't your babysitters.
Suguru: You blondies are all have the minds of children!
Chika: Wah, that would hurt so much if you weren't talking out of your butt.
Haguro: Tell us how we're kiddy, nerd.
Suguru: There is no need to speak the words. Your faces, which exude not even a hint of academic prowess, are the perfect proof!
Chika: You make, like, zero sense. If you can't give a proper response, would you just shut up?
Haguro: And boys are such beasts. They just pissy 'cause they gettin' no pussy.
Chika: I know. Like, there is nothing more wretched than a guy trying to hit on a hostess.
Haguro: They heads aren't on straight.
Chika: Do they actually think they'll get laid? What are they, stupid?
Haguro: They are just such idiots.
Ikurou: Get the money, get the girl. That's the game men play!
Haguro: A disgusting monkey like you wouldn't even beat level one.
Chika: Life is money. And when the money's gone, so is the girl.
Ikurou: I-I can turn it into love before then!
Haguro: No you can't, you idiot! Money is money, just as monkeys are monkeys.
Chika: In the end, you're just puking all your hard-earned cash at girls. Let's be blunt -- you boys are idiots.
Yamato: Three minutes left... I see, I see.
*Class was almost over. Entering the fray now would be almost cliched, but...*
Yamato: Now then, mind if I join in?
Haguro: It's too late for you, Prince of the Hermit Crabs.
*I'm not a prince, dammit!*
Takuya: Yamato, right, you haven't said anything this whole time.
Yamato: Well, I was something of a moderator.
Chika: Naocchi, you do realize that women totally have the advantage, right? Or do you have some comeback?
Yamato: Ogasawara-san, weren't you saying earlier that men were stupid sugar daddies?
Chika: But it's so true. They're like, working hard for the sake of a great girl?
Yamato: In that case, do you know where the girls working at hostess bars spend their pay?
Chika: No clue. Maybe they buy brand-name goods, or go to beauty parlors.
Yamato: Why would they do that?
Chika: Well, of course they want to get a good man for their--Oh.
Haguro: Stupid. It's to polish their femininity. Then they can catch themselves an attractive... Huh?
Yamato: The majority of those who visit host clubs are hostesses and call girls.
Chika: Huh?!
Haguro: Wha?! You got any proof?
Yamato: I've been interested in it lately, so I should have a printout in my bag somewhere... Okay, here's your proof.
*I passed to Mr. Beard the documents I'd brought.*
Kyojin: Oh. Nice job coming in prepared, Naoe.
Kyojin: This old man's a little shocked, too.
Kyojin: Well, truth is, he's right.
Kyojin: My friends who work as hosts tell me they've been troubled with lots of customers who're about to snap.
Kyojin: Though they realize it's their job to listen and help them heal.
Yamato: So ultimately, women use their hard earned money on men as well.
Chika: ...Gh.
Yamato: What was the word you used to describe that? 'Wretched'?
Yamato: Thanks for all your hard work for the sake of great me--
*As I spoke the last syllable, the bell rang.*
Kyojin: Okay, that's it. I guess the men have won.
Ikurou: Men are superior! Girls are fools!
Gakuto: Well, everyone knew it'd turn out like this. Heh hem.
Takuya: But every argument you came up with was shot down.
Chris: How worthless. How truly worthless.
Kyojin: Class is over, so we're done. But let this old man give a few parting words.
Kyojin: The men's argument might have won this debate, but the world is unchanged. To change a entire nation requires great individuals.
Suguru: I do feel somewhat hopeful with regards to our current Prime Minister.
Mitsuru: That's because he likes anime and manga.
Kyojin: Don't go around calling me a chauvinist. This was just a lesson. Take care.
*After time ran out, he said his piece and fled.*
*......*
Chika: What was with that stupid debate?
Haguro: No clue. We got ganked.
Chika: What were you doing? You totally wiped out.
Mayo: Everyone, money is very important. Don't squander it.
*The conversation had continued for a little while longer, but with the truth thrust upon them, no one could come up with a better counterargument.*
Gakuto: Even so, Yamato, I knew you could pull it off.
Yamato: I'd rather not be known for that.
Ikurou: The looks of frustration on their faces were perfect.
Yamato: Just leave it at that. Get cocky, and they'll give you a world of hurt.
Ikurou: Man, I feel as relieved, like I just rubbed one out.
Takuya: Oh yeah. Partway through, Yamato, you stopped announcing how much time there was.
Yamato: But even so, I gave the boys and the girls equal time. All I wanted was the period right before class ended, the last three minutes.
*Everyone got to say all they wanted, so no one minded me having the remaining time.*
Yamato: If you have a group debate while job hunting, should try to get an official role like I did.
Mitsuru: Wow, all right.
Yamato: You'll seem independent, which can often lead to an unofficial offer... Or so I've heard.
*Being enrolled in a first-rate college was a necessary requirement, of course. But the next thing tested for would be that independence.*
Takuya: So we've got to think things through that far ahead.
Suguru: Those blondies have too many screws loose to ever find a job.
*I actually chose to been the timekeeper so that I could deny the girls any chance to rebut me.*
Gakuto: Now, maybe those girls will rethink their opinions of us men.
*The boys were drunk on victory. But on the other side of the aisle...*
Chika: Gh... I am pissed.
Haguro: Hey, Chikarin, you gonna just stay silent?
Chika: Heh heh. As if.
Chika: Time to show them what happens when you get a girl mad.
Haguro: Seriously? You gonna take on Naoe?!
Chika: I'll pass on Naocchi. He's too wary. I'll go for someone way easier to trick.
Haguro: I can't tell if you're being cocky or timid!
*The rift in the class only grew larger.*
*So continued our petty childlike fight.*
Momoyo: It seems people aren't talking about the Creepy Quattro anymore.
Miyako: Now that you mention it, I haven't heard the term lately.
Yukie: Nor have I.
Kazuko: Onee-sama wiped every trace of that rumor from existence.
Momoyo: Sweep a girl off her feet, and she's all yours.
*What a manly way to resolve the situation.*
Yamato: Yeah, most of that gossip was from the girls.
*As always, she acted nothing like a stereotypical beauty.*
Momoyo: And now I've got so many new fans, I have less time to play with you guys.
Yamato: So that's why I haven't seen you around as much lately.
Momoyo: Even Mayu-Mayu's been hard at work behind the scenes.
Yukie: N-No, I didn't do anything, really!
Matsukaze: My girl's only been yellin' at the gossipers, but that drove them off.
Yukie: Speaking ill of others is bad enough, but they haven't even tried to get to know Gakuto... How dare they.
Chris: You are a good woman, Mayucchi.
Takuya: Have you made any new friends?
Yukie: Oooh. I don't know why, but everyone keeps distancing themselves from me. I just can't seem to do it.
*She'd lost something too, then.*
Gakuto: Thanks, Mayucchi. You did it for me.
Yukie: Oh, no. This is what friends do!
*The gossip had spread into the freshmen and senior years, but they'd taken them out in one clean sweep.*
Shouichi: So it sounds like everything's all cleared up and we got ourselves our happy ending. Which means I didn't get to do anything? Seriously?!
*Our Capt didn't have the skills for something like this.*
Miyako: You should learn from this, Gakuto, and try to be more mature.
Gakuto: What are you saying? Now that all those weird rumors are finally gone, everythin' is set to begin!
Yamato: Hey, hey, we're not bailing you out again.
Takuya: Of course our worries wouldn't end that easily.
*However, later that day would come a miracle.*
*--During lunch break.*
Chika: Uh, so you know...
Yamato: If you're looking for Capt, he went off to eat with Kuma-chan.
Chika: Not him. I want to talk to Shimazu-kun.
Yamato: ...Shimazu-*kun*?
*Why would Ogasawara-san want to talk to Gakuto?*
Gakuto: Now then, I have gorged myself on meat, so maybe it's time for push-ups. I've gotten one step closer to bein' a true Nice Guy.
Chika: You're back. Say, Shimazu-kun?
*She approached Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Hm? What is it? Want to touch my full metal body?
Chika: You really are amazing. Yes, yes, you're just so cool.
Takuya: ...Huh?
*Moro cocked his head.*
Gakuto: I'm proud of my muscular body. I can even lift things heavier than myself without breakin' a sweat.
Chika: Oh my gosh. You really are the perfect man.
Gakuto: I am the manliest man. Capt and Aoi have nothing on me.
Miyako: ...What's going on?
Yamato: I'm not sure.
*It didn't make any sense.*
Chika: Umm, sorry about everything I said before.
Gakuto: Hm? Did you say somethin' to me?
Chika: I mean, you know, the Creepy Quattro stuff? Sometimes I just go on and on and take things too far.
Gakuto: Oh, that? My heart is too big for that to affect me.
Chika: I know, but I still feel bad about it.
Gakuto: It's fine, really.
Chika: ...So, you really don't want to go on a date with me?
Gakuto: Wh-What?!
*His jaw practically hit the floor in shock.*
Gakuto: A-A date? W-With me?!
Chika: That's right. I mean, I was just so mean to you. You obviously must hate me now.
Gakuto: O-Of course not! All right, I'll do it!
Chika: Seriously? Yay!
*The rest of us had watched that play out.*
Miyako: ...There's no way. It's a trap.
Yamato: And it's the most obvious one I've ever seen.
*So she'd targeted Gakuto.*
Chika: Then I'll see you after school on Monday.
Gakuto: Yeah. I shall be the greatest of escorts!
*They'd made their plans.*
Takuya: ...Ah.
Gakuto: Hey, Moro, did you see that? I have been asked out!
Takuya: Yeah, I saw.
Gakuto: Frustrated? I wouldn't blame you. Here lies the difference between those who work out and those who don't.
Takuya: You seem happy, Gakuto.
Gakuto: Of course I am. I'm goin' out with Chikarin!
Ikurou: Hey, hey, she's obviously just out for revenge.
Suguru: Hers was a most transparent lie. Though a known lie is little threat--
Gakuto: Stop bein' so jealous. By summer break, I will be a man!
Yamato: Where are you going?
Gakuto: To prepare for the date, of course.
Yamato: Hey, it's still lunch break. What about class?
Gakuto: What is more important, a girl or classes? We both know the answer to that!
*Declared Gakuto, the poor fool.*
Gakuto: I might be late for the meeting, but I'll definitely be back, so wait for me!
*With that, he left the classroom.*
Yamato: Dammit, Gakuto. You're charging headfirst into the trap.
Miyako: We'll have to stop him.
Yamato: ...Yeah...
*Maybe we could talk about it at the meeting, I thought.*
*......*
Miyako: So with that said, it's fine if we tease him, but we can't let strangers get the better of our friend.
Yamato: That's a complicated mentality.
*We told them what had happened during lunch, and why Gakuto wasn't here.*
Kazuko: Chikarin wouldn't do that, would she?
Chris: If so, it would mark her a cretin... I cannot understand it myself.
Miyako: I can. If I told you what I've experienced...
Yamato: No, that's fine. The circumstances are completely different anyways.
*While Gakuto wasn't here, I listened to everyone else's opinions.*
Shouichi: Chikarin's a good person. She buys me food all the time. What makes you so sure this is any different?
Miyako: Because she only takes you out to eat, Capt.
Shouichi: What makes me different? I don't get it.
Momoyo: I think she's a good girl. She looks like she'd be putty in my hands, and she smells divine.
Yukie: Y-You can tell a person's nature by her scent?!
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, maybe you've gotta get yourself some of that sweet-smellin' stuff and start givin' off them pheromones.
Yukie: B-But I don't even know how to put it on.
Momoyo: I love your scent, too, Mayu-Mayu. Especially the smell of your shampoo.
Yamato: That's one hell of a fetish.
Momoyo: It feels like I'm being invited, lil' bro.
*Was she really a girl?*
Takuya: ...Hmm.
Miyako: There's nothing to worry about. If she doesn't show up, he'll surely head home.
Yamato: All that's left is figuring out how to explain this to Gakuto, I guess.
Takuya: But still, we can't be certain it's a trap.
*Moro wasn't the only one concerned.*
Takuya: I'm dubious, too, but I think there's a chance she's being genuine.
Miyako: Moro, she's not setting a land mine -- she's calling in airstrikes.
Takuya: But what if we're wrong about all of this?
Yamato: Moro...
Takuya: Gakuto's definitely unpopular, but I think he tries his best. Especially compared to me. I can't even talk to girls.
Miyako: Hard work doesn't always bear fruit. That's how the world works. But right now, I'm more worried about Gakuto's heart.
Takuya: But if we get in his way, I know he'll be mad. He'll think we're being jealous, and I wouldn't blame him.
Shouichi: I'm with Moro on this one. We don't get to judge her out of the gate.
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah. Chikarin's nice!
Chris: I concur. Furthermore, we cannot stop this regardless.
Momoyo: He deserves a chance. Though I'll still swoop in at the end.
Yukie: ...Uh, umm...
Shouichi: That makes a majority, and I'm in favor, so that takes care of that.
Miyako: If that's that, then oh well. Just don't come running to me.
Yamato: Well, maybe this is for the best.
*Even if the chance Moro spoke of was only 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000001%...*
*It was Gakuto's choice to make.*
Takuya: But just in case, I'm going to follow him.
Shouichi: Oh, like a detective? Sounds fun! I'm in!
Momoyo: Are we all going?
Yamato: I'm pretty sure he'd notice all of us together.
*Better to leave it to Moro alone.*
Gakuto: Hah, Nanahama's a great place. Look, I brought back meat dumplings as souvenirs.
Kazuko: Meat dumplings! Gimme!
Gakuto: Everyone only gets so many, so don't take more than your share.
*Gakuto had returned.*
Shouichi: Oh, Gakuto. Truth is, we were just--
Yamato: Just about to all enjoy the hidden snack Capt brought.
*I took the sweets out from where he'd hidden them under the sofa.*
Shouichi: Awah?!
Kazuko: I call dibs on the yogurt-flavored one!
Momoyo: Then maybe I'll have the pickled squid.
Chris: There are tea cakes as well. Those are the soul of Japan.
*The Kawakami sisters dove in, and so everyone else quickly followed after them.*
Shouichi: How'd you figure out my hiding place?!
Yamato: Because I sometimes come to check on things when nobody's around.
Miyako: I knew too, of course. I occasionally ate some spicy ones.
Shouichi: So that's why my count didn't add up!
Gakuto: Hey, hey, that jerky's mine.
Shouichi: Stop eating! Gathering up all of that took ages!
Yamato: Whew, that was close.
*But I'd managed to smooth things over using Capt's sweets.*
*......*
*After school.*
Gakuto: Okay, it's finally time for me to shine.
Ikurou: It's not too late, even now. Switch with me.
Gakuto: Heh. You seem desperate, Yonpachi.
Ikurou: Hey, you saying you're going to the far side of Eros?!
*Gakuto had drawn a line between himself and Yonpachi.*
Kazuko: Huh? Where do you think Chikarin is?
Gakuto: She said she's gettin' ready at home. She's a girl, so it'll probably take her a while.
Shouichi: That's way too much work. Just change out of your school clothes and go!
Takuya: It's not that simple for girls. They have to put on makeup too.
Miyako: I don't, you know.
Chris: Nor do I.
Kazuko: I tried lipstick once, but I wound up with fish lips.
Shouichi: Right? Who needs that stuff?
Yamato: You shouldn't take them to be the norm.
*Not everyone could look as stunning as they did without makeup.*
Gakuto: I had my mother iron my tank top for me, so I look perfect.
Yamato: ...I'm just going to shut up now.
Gakuto: Tomorrow's Tanabata. And by tomorrow, I'll have... Mweh heh heh.
Ikurou: Y-You bastard. You're going ahead on your own?!
Gakuto: Farewell, Yonpachi. I go now to a place you will never arrive at.
Ikurou: Hey, don't leave me! Didn't we say we'd go there together?
Gakuto: You're givin' me the creeps!
Gakuto: Well, if you try your hardest, you just might have a chance.
*Gakuto sped across the classroom and out the door.*
Takuya: Then I'm off too.
Yamato: I hear it gets dangerous there after dark. Be careful not to get into any trouble.
Ikurou: Why? Why don't dumb blondies ever ask me out?!
Mitsuru: Fukumoto-kun, cheer up. Here, have a peach.
Ikurou: When I look at its crack, the only flesh I can see isn't a fruit's... Dammit! Dammit all to hell!
Yamato: And yet you're still eating it...
*Though, thanks to Nee-san, I was used to sights like that.*
Ikurou: I'm calmer now. Why not enjoy my daily routine?
Yamato: You're back on your feet awfully quick.
Mitsuru: When your heart feels stormy, I always eat something delicious. It turns my heart into a place of joy.
Kazuko: Yep, because this is a super happy moment. *Om nom nom*
Mitsuru: Oh, make sure to leave some for me.
Yamato: Now that I think about it, Yonpachi has it pretty rough too.
*People talked as much crap about him as they did Gakuto.*
*And yet only Gakuto had been asked out on a date.*
Yamato: Yeah, this is a trap all right.
Yamato: ...I need to follow him after all.
Miyako: Then I'm going too.
*We chased after Moro.*
*......*
*We arrived at the Nanahama Station.*
Yamato: This place is as crowded as ever.
Miyako: And it's a weekday, too.
Takuya: We can't lose sight of Gakuto.
*Well, it didn't seem that hard to keep track of someone as tall as him wearing just a tank top.*
Yamato: He seems kind of fidgety.
Miyako: His eyes are trained on girls as they pass by.
Yamato: Does it seem like his legs are moving on their own?
Takuya: Did he forget he's here for a date already? Ugh.
*After a short while, he leaned against the wall, as if tired of watching.*
Yamato: Still, at least he's not hitting on anyone.
Takuya: He's not so awful as to hit on a girl while waiting for another girl to come.
Miyako: And even if he tried, we all know how it'd turn out. Heh heh.
Yamato: You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Miyako: Well, yeah.
Miyako: I just hope this stays just a comedy.
Yamato: You said it.
*If something awful were to happen to Gakuto...*
Yamato: (No, there's no point thinking about that now.)
*All we could do was wait.*
*The sun had fallen low in the sky.*
Miyako: He's started doing stretches.
Yamato: It must be hard for him to stay still.
*And it wasn't like he cared if people gave him weird looks.*
Takuya: So, while we're talking, what time is it?
Yamato: It's already 6 o'clock. The sun's about to set.
Miyako: Weren't they supposed to meet up at 5:30?
Takuya: Well, this is Ogasawara-san we're talking about. She might be a little late.
Yamato: ...Yeah.
Miyako: There's no way she'd keep him waiting. This is a trap for sure.
Yamato: Let's wait until 7. If she's still not here, then we give up.
*Another hour passed.*
Takuya: Gakuto's not even looking at girls as they pass by anymore.
Yamato: He's finally getting impatient.
Miyako: I don't know how much longer I'll wait either.
Yamato: Let's keep waiting until the last possible second.
Takuya: Oh, there she is.
Chika: I'm so sorry. I guess the trains weren't running.
Gakuto: I only just arrived myself. Sometimes the trains don't run. There's nothin' you can do.
*I checked on my phone. All trains were all operating normally, of course.*
Yamato: Liar.
Miyako: We stop her.
Takuya: G-Guys, wait. This is what Gakuto's been waiting for.
*Technically, but...*
Yamato: It's fine. I have plausible excuse in mind.
Miyako: That's my personal tactician for you.
Yamato: Do you think you can slip that word in without saying anything?
Miyako: You're no fun...
Yamato: And if I dared to play along?
Miyako: Then we'd go all the way!
*I'd have to be careful.*
Takuya: A-Anyways, let's just keep watching until the end.
*Moro refused to budge.*
Gakuto: The scenery here is really nice. I think I like it.
Chika: Yeah, I guess.
Gakuto: I don't come here often, but maybe I should stop by while I'm doin' roadwork.
Chika: Yeah, I guess.
*She said as she toyed with her phone.*
Yamato: How can she be that blatantly half-hearted?
Miyako: What the heck? Is this a joke?
Takuya: J-Just calm down...
Gakuto: I'm as nice of a guy as I look, but this date with you, Chikarin, is my first.
Chika: Wow.
Gakuto: In other words, Chikarin, you're my first. Oh, but not in a weird way!
Chika: Hmm.
*She wasn't even listening to him anymore.*
Yamato: Maybe it's time we intervene.
Miyako: It might already be too late.
Takuya: N-No, don't...
Gakuto: (She's deliberately lookin' away to hide her shyness. I can tell.)
*In that atmosphere, where the two had very different levels of enthusiasm...*
Gakuto: (Okay. This is it, Gakuto!)
*...Gakuto made a tremendous misunderstanding.*
Gakuto: I'm sayin' it. I'm gonna say it.
Chika: ...Oh, that Haguro got another new boyfriend? Seriously, she just won't shut up.
Gakuto: Chikarin!
Chika: Wah! Wh-Where'd that come from?
Gakuto: I feel like things are gettin' serious.
Chika: Hm? What things?
Gakuto: I feel so hot. Like the blood inside me is boiling.
Chika: Uh, but like, it's kinda cold out?
Gakuto: I love you. Will you go out with me, Chikarin?!
*...He finally said it.*
Chika: Heh...
Chika: Ah hah hah hah! Seriously?!
Gakuto: I am deadly serious!
*Yes, Gakuto easily fell in love, and was quick to find a new girl.*
*However, whenever he confessed, at that moment, he truly couldn't imagine himself with any other girl.*
Chika: Quit it. Like, what is with you? I asked you out once. Once! Seriously, this is so hilarious.
*But that earnest confession...*
Chika: Like, there's no way.
*...was denied in such simple words.*
Chika: I mean, what's with that tank top? It just doesn't work. Correction -- it's revolting.
Gakuto: Huh? What?
Chika: That thing you're doing ain't turning anybody on.
Chika: To be honest, I didn't hear a word you said. I was listening to a song on my phone.
Gakuto: Then you're saying...
Chika: Yay, perfect! I'm so sexy, it's a sin.
Chika: I obviously can't stand gorillas like you. You stink of sweat. Get some plastic surgery and maybe you'll actually have a chance. See ya.
*She turned her back and started walking away.*
Gakuto: Gahhhhhh! I've been shot down again!
*However, Gakuto's reaction was his usual one.*
*Even though he'd been deceived, he took in only the shock of lost love.*
Miyako: ...That bitch!
Yamato: Calm down, Miyako!
*I'd known this would happen, so I'd already used both arms to restrain her.*
*...Which meant I had no arms left for him.*
Chika: Huh?
Takuya: --!
Chika: What are you doing here?
Takuya: ...apologize.
Chika: Huh?
Takuya: I said, apologize!
*The people in the park turned to look.*
Gakuto: Hm? Moro, why are you here?
Chika: Whoa! Like, what gives?
Takuya: Don't play dumb. How do you think Gakuto felt while he was waiting for you?!
Chika: I-I dunno... He probably had his head in the clouds, I guess?
Takuya: And you were deliberately late too!
Chika: Then I guess we can say I put a bit of joy in his pathetic life.
Takuya: 'Joy'? What was happy about that?!
Chika: If you were peeping in on us the whole time, you'd have totally seen that dumb look he had on his face.
Takuya: Suguru was right. You're disgusting. Vile, even...
Chika: Oh, that's right. You're a nerd, too. I just don't get people like you.
Takuya: It doesn't matter who's a nerd and who's not. We're all people!
*Moro's angry bellows echoed across the park.*
Chika: Uh, this is really awkward? Like, everyone's staring?
Takuya: I feel awkward too...
Takuya: But if I back down here, then I'm not worthy of being Gakuto's friend!
Chika: Like, what's so good about that gorilla anyways? He's just manipulating you too.
Takuya: Don't make fun of us! What do you know about Gakuto?!
Chika: Oh, sheesh. How could I understand him? Just shut up! I'm going home.
Takuya: Wait. I'm not done yet--
Gakuto: Moro, that's enough.
Takuya: But she doesn't understand the first thing about you. How can you--
Gakuto: You're a billion light years too early to be worryin' about me.
Yamato: That's super fast. Because that's a unit of speed, you know.
Gakuto: What? You guys came, too?
Yamato: I was trying to figure out when to come out, but I couldn't not play the straight man to that line.
Miyako: It's not like you, Moro, to be slow with the quip.
*Which proved that Moro's anger still simmered.*
Gakuto: Heck, my heart's not so weak that you all have to worry about me.
Yamato: Then why do you look like you're about to cry?
Gakuto: Because the sun is too bright!
Takuya: It's pitch black out!
Gakuto: Oh, I guess it is. Heh heh.
Takuya: Argh. I'm supposed to be here for you, not the other way around...
*He wasn't back to normal, but it looked like he'd calmed down a fair deal.*
Miyako: Moro already said everything I wanted to say, what do I do with my anger?
Yamato: Just let it all burn away.
Miyako: I still want something -- or someone -- to satisfy me.
Yamato: So then, shall we head home?
Gakuto: The plan was to take her to dinner at a restaurant with a nice view of the night sky...
Yamato: So you'll use the money you would've spent on her to take us out?
Gakuto: Don't try to sponge off a guy with a broken heart!
Miyako: Heh heh. I will feast tonight!
*Gakuto spirits seemed high, thank goodness.*
*......*
Shibutaku: Man, Nanahama really is the best.
Gang Remnant 1: Ain't nothin' good happened to us since the Ninetailed Dog got taken out by Kawakami Momoyo.
Gang Remnant 2: Maybe we didn't have enough tools.
Gang Remnant 1: Shibutaku-kun, yer wounds healed up?
Shibutaku: Those piece-of-shit kids... I see 'em again, I'm crushing 'em. Especially that Bob bastard.
Gang Remnant 2: Shibutaku-kun, who's the guy that took ya out?
Shibutaku: Some brat. Senpai fell t'him, too.
Gang Remnant 1: The injury to your backside looks better.
Shibutaku: ...Don't touch on that no more.
Chika: I think I like the feel of this place.
Gang Remnant 1: What's with that chick? Why's she in such a good mood? Nanahama's nightlife ain't one to take lightly.
Gang Remnant 2: Kahah! Such a cute little missy. And check out that booty.
Shibutaku: The sooner I forget that nightmare, the better. And there ain't nothin' better for that than two melons and a milkshake.
Chika: Hm? Why are those guys heading this way? Huh?!
*......*
*This part of town wasn't safe at night.*
Takuya: Let's get to Chinatown already.
Gakuto: We're going Dutch, got it? You're payin' your own bill!
Yamato: And we'll need to buy souvenirs for everyone.
Takuya: Definitely Capt and Wanko, at least. Maybe Momo-senpai too.
Miyako: I can't wait to eat authentic mapo tofu.
Takuya: Though you'd probably add more spices on top of it.
Miyako: I seek only one flavor -- the purest spice.
Gakuto: Who cares, when there's kakuni to be eaten!
*As we discussed what we were going to eat...*
Chika: Uh, hello? What're you doing?
Gakuto: Hm?
Yamato: That was Ogasawara-san's voice.
*She hadn't gone home yet?*
Shibutaku: Well, I was hoping you'd be willin' to volunteer a bit of your time.
Chika: As if. I'll call the cops... Ah!
Shibutaku: I'll hang on to your phone for you.
Gang Remnant 2: There's a warehouse nearby where ain't nobody go. Let's do some Utopia and fuck her up.
Shibutaku: You heard o' Utopia? It's been doin' the rounds in Kawakami. It's a genuine drug.
Shibutaku: But when ya' take it, it makes ya' drowsy n' feel a certain high.
Shibutaku: The kicker's that this shit's legal.
Chika: Let go of me! Somebody, h--
Shibutaku: Whoa there. I recommend ya keep yer voice down.
*He pressed a blade against her cheek. It shone with a dull light.*
Chika: Eeek!
Gang Remnant 1: What d'ya think of my little tool? Cool, huh?
*The people around didn't pay much attention, almost as if this were nothing out of the ordinary.*
Gakuto: Hey, that's--
Miyako: Look how popular Ogasawara-san is.
Takuya: It doesn't look like anyone's going to save her.
Yamato: Most people wouldn't want to get involved in something like that.
Takuya: Nope. Well, that's karma for you.
Takuya: Guys, let's go already.
Gakuto: Huh? Yeah...
Yamato: You want to ignore this? Guess you're really mad, Moro.
Takuya: Japan has an exemplary police force. They'll save her in a day or two.
Takuya: Maybe something bad will happen to her in the meantime, but...
Takuya: But she's our classmate. Not our friend.
Takuya: And I wouldn't want to risk a friend getting hurt.
Chika: Help me. Help me... Sh-Shimazu!
Gakuto: Ah?!
Miyako: What, seriously?
*Of all people, she named Gakuto.*
*And what man, after hearing someone call for his aid, wouldn't come running?*
Gakuto: I, Gakuto, have arrived!
Yamato: Yeah, figures.
Miyako: How soft-hearted are you?!
Takuya: ...Haha. That's just like him.
*That's who Gakuto was.*
Gang Remnant 1: Hah. What's with this gorilla?
Gang Remnant 2: Lights out for you!
Gakuto: No, it's you whose lights will be out!
Gang Remnant 2: Gabah!
*A single attack sent the other man sprawling.*
Chika: Y-You're so strong...
Shibutaku: Whoa there. I got the girlie right here.
*He said, the knife pressed against her face.*
Miyako: How old-fashioned.
Yamato: No more so than that gangster speech and their clothes.
Takuya: Hey, this isn't the time for color commentary!
Yamato: ...There he goes again.
Miyako: Yamato stole my catchphrase. Is this what heaven feels like?
Gang Remnant 2: B-Been too long since I hit someone!
*The man who'd been knocked down was back on his feet.*
Shibutaku: Don't think o' fightin' back, Gorilla.
Gang Remnant 1: Take this!
Gakuto: Oww...
*He drilled his fist into Gakuto's abdomen.*
Gang Remnant 1: YEOUCH! His stomach's fuckin' hard.
Gang Remnant 2: You bastard. You think you're tough?
Gakuto: I didn't even do anything! Guh...
*They continued to punch Gakuto.*
Gang Remnant 2: You got a steel plate in your stomach or somethin'?
Gakuto: You think attacks like that could ever hurt a real tough guy?!
*No matter how many times they struck him, he held his ground, his arms crossed, not moving an inch.*
Gakuto: (Ouch... He's got one good punch.)
*Though he didn't let it show, the damage continued to rack up.*
Chika: Oh, ohhh, why... Why is this happening to me?
*Hers was the attitude of a Japanese person drunk on peace.*
Shibutaku: We's just gettin' started, girlie.
Chika: Uh, stay away from my face, you pervert!
Shibutaku: You callin' me a pervert?!
Chika: Ouch!
*He snagged a fistful of her hair.*
Gakuto: Get your hands off of Chikarin!
Shibutaku: Y'know, Chikarin-chan, I had the same thought once. When you've lost somethin' precious, there's no gettin' it back.
Chika: Huh? What are you even saying?!
Shibutaku: My ass. My ass fuckin' hurts!
*He let out an incomprehensible roar.*
Gakuto: Quit your bellyaching. Now, let Chikarin go already!
Shibutaku: Idiot. Who said I'd let go of her?
*The man ran.*
Gakuto: Ah! Wait!
Shibutaku: Listen: Meet up with me at the usual spot!
Gang Remnant 1: We'll be right after you, soon as we bag this one.
*They'd split up. Perfect.*
Yamato: You can take them out now, Gakuto.
Gakuto: All right!
Gang Remnant 2: Pgah!
*However, he couldn't take out both simultaneously.*
Gang Remnant 1: W-We told you not to hit us!
Yamato: It's fine, so long as he doesn't find out. You really shouldn't have stuck around, you know.
Gang Remnant 1: I'll call Shibutaku-kun... Shit, I can't get through!
Gakuto: Rahh!
*We defeated the second person before he could call the third.*
Yamato: You all right?
Gakuto: I'm fine. More importantly, I'm worried about Chikarin.
Yamato: These guys are completely out cold, Mr. Combat Level 10.
*It'd be a while before they woke up.*
Gakuto: I lost control for a second there.
Yamato: It's fine. That fell well within my predictions.
*Then Moro called my phone.*
Yamato: Yeah, I figured he wouldn't go far.
*I'd had Miyako and Moro follow him.*
Gakuto: Nice goin', Mr. Intelligence Level 10.
Yamato: No, I'm not that good. And this was less intelligence and more... leadership?
*......*
*We soon arrived.*
Takuya: I searched, but this seems to be the only entrance. Though it looks like there's a few windows.
Gakuto: They've got nowhere to run. Let's break in already!
Yamato: Then things will go exactly the same way they did before.
Takuya: We won't be able to hit them, and they'll just get away.
Gakuto: There's only one of them. We bust in, and this doesn't take long.
Yamato: If we're lucky, Ogasawara-san won't be near him, but...
*That was unlikely.*
Miyako: I do think calling the police would be best.
Yamato: I can't imagine they'll get here quickly.
*And getting the police involved would cause more trouble than it was worth.*
Gakuto: We can do this ourselves.
Yamato: Then it's time to use the phone we took from that punk.
*We looked up the number he'd dialed earlier.*
Miyako: Do we have signal around here?
Yamato: He's got a text from the number he dialed earlier.
*He must not have been able to call back while on the run with Ogasawara-san.*
Takuya: So, he can use his phone even in the warehouse.
Yamato: It's been a while since the guy called. The guy inside must be starting to worry something happened.
*I sent a text from the phone.*
Takuya: What'd you write in the text?
Yamato: Nothing.
Takuya: Huh? Shouldn't you have put 'Save me!' or something?
Yamato: When you're in trouble, you don't have time to think it all out.
Takuya: Oh, that makes sense.
Yamato: And even if he believed the text, there's a chance he'd abandon his friend.
Miyako: I can't imagine someone abandoning their friends. Such a person isn't really a friend.
*If he just holed up inside or grabbed Ogasawara-san and kept running, we'd be in trouble.*
Yamato: I can't be certain, but there's a good chance he comes outside alone to check.
Takuya: Yeah, it's hard to imagine him going back to the scene with his hostage in tow.
Yamato: If this doesn't work, I have another plan. Oh, he responded.
*'Something happen?'*
Yamato: Obviously, we ignore this text.
*I left the phone's power on, and didn't reply.*
Yamato: We want him to start racking his brains trying to figure out what to do.
*If he holed up, then the situation would remain unchanged. And if not...*
Miyako: Yamato, something just unlocked.
Yamato: Just in case, everybody hide.
*As I expected, the man came outside, looking flustered.*
Shibutaku: Tch. What'm I s'pposed to do?
Yamato: Now!
Gakuto: Take this!
Shibutaku: Wha?!
Gakuto: Raahhhh!
Shibutaku: Get your burly body away from me! Gah!
*The battle was over in an instant.*
Gakuto: You're too weak.
Takuya: You'd never lose to a delinquent, huh.
Miyako: Now let's go eat dinner and head home.
Yamato: No, no. He probably tied her up. We need to see this through.
Takuya: I really don't want to go.
*I couldn't blame him, not after what he'd just said.*
Yamato: Then I'll--
Gakuto: I'll go in. Yamato, you watch over this guy while he sleeps.
Yamato: Huh? Hey...
*......*
Chika: ...What's going to happen to me?
Chika: Maybe this is what I deserve for tricking Shimazu...
Chika: If he saves me, this time, I'll really...
Gakuto: Oh, here you are.
Chika: Ah!
Gakuto: I'm gonna save you now. *Grunt!*
Chika: Amazing. You tore the rope in half.
Gakuto: Heh heh. Sorry you saw me lookin' uncool.
Chika: Huh?
Gakuto: I just had to stand there and get punched. All my Nice Guy trainin' was for nothing.
Chika: Umm, sorry about everything I said before.
Gakuto: Hm? What are you talkin' about?
Chika: Like... Aha. This is almost the same conversation we had earlier.
Gakuto: Really? Well, I'm just glad to see you're doing good.
Chika: Thanks for saving me.
Gakuto: Heh. It was nothing.
Chika: ...You're so buff, and reliable.
Gakuto: (Is it just me, or is this... a moment between us?)
Chika: Why did I look down on you all this time?
Gakuto: (Maybe, this time...)
Chika: I hope you'll never stop being so reliable.
Gakuto: (She actually fell for me?!)
Gakuto: Chikarin... No, Chika-san.
Chika: What?
Gakuto: Would you listen to what I gotta say?
Chika: Okay.
*Unlike earlier, Chika looked dead serious.*
Gakuto: I've always tried to be serious. But maybe, sometimes, I've come up short.
Gakuto: Earlier, I finally managed to realize that. It sure took me a while.
Chika: It's hard, yeah. Like, I don't really understand it myself.
Gakuto: But when I heard you callin' for help, my body sprung into action.
Chika: To be honest, I couldn't think of anyone else who might be able to save me.
Chika: I guess I sort of wound up counting on you.
Gakuto: This time, I'm certain... I vow, here and now.
Gakuto: I, Gakuto, love you from the bottom of my heart!
Chika: ...Uh.
*.........*
Chika: Oopies! I guess I really do like cool guys, like Kazama, after all.
Gakuto: Why does it always turn out like this?!
*In the end, she still shot him down.*
*The day after the incident, Kawakami was at peace.*
Yukie: Today's Tanabata, isn't it?
Chris: How romantic.
Momoyo: We're having a grand festival at the Kawakami Temple.
Yamato: The Kawakami Temple Tanabata Festival, right?
Kazuko: It gets in the way of my training, but I can't skip the night stalls.
*Truly a dilemma for the ages.*
Miyako: To only be able to meet your lover once a year is a fate worse than death. I would simply swim across the Milky Way.
Yamato: Don't screw up and swim across the River Styx instead.
Miyako: If you were there on the far side, Yamato, I would swim there gladly.
Yamato: I'd rather not be dead, please.
*Was she going to follow me into the afterlife?*
Shouichi: What are you going to do, Momo-senpai?
Momoyo: Wooing a girl right in front of her boyfriend is so much fun.
Yamato: You always do go for the girls, not the guys.
Takuya: It's hard for a man to survive something like that.
Shouichi: What's the big deal? That stuff has nothing to do with us.
Gakuto: Yes it does. I want to get a girl!
Takuya: Even after everything that happened yesterday?
Yamato: Just how desperate are you?
Gakuto: Oh, I wish I was popular.
*His hard work just wasn't paying off.*
Chika: Morning, everyone.
Kazuko: It's Chikarin.
Chris: Good morning, Chikarin.
Miyako: ...Morning.
Chika: Good morning, Shimazu.
Gakuto: Huh? You greeted me?
*Perhaps sometimes things did go the way he wanted.*
Chika: I'll see you in class.
Gakuto: She talked to me.
Yukie: G-Gakuto-san, you're amazing. Especially when I don't even know her full name.
Gakuto: Maybe this means I have a chance.
Yamato: No, you don't.
*How many times did he need to misread signals before he finally got a clue?*
*......*
*Two boys for whom Tanabata was nothing special were drinking something not entirely unlike alcohol in the secret base.*
Takuya: Kawakami Water makes you feel pretty good, even though it's alcohol-free.
Gakuto: I am just gettin' started.
Takuya: ...Still, it's just the two of us?
Gakuto: In the end, even Capt went off.
Takuya: He did say he had work.
Gakuto: The rest all went off to the Kawakami Temple. Even though none of them has a lover.
Takuya: They do like festivals.
Gakuto: But how can they march into a land of couples? It's insanity!
Gakuto: Today, we drink. We drink the night away!
Takuya: Hey, I can't drink that much.
Gakuto: Aren't you a man? I'll pour the stuff, so drink up.
Takuya: Dammit, Gakuto, why can't you take no for an answer?
Mayo: I heard Gakuto did quite a lot last night.
Chika: I guess that was really immature of me.
Mayo: So that's why you made him some candy by hand.
Chika: I totally never imagined I'd ever make any for him.
Mayo: But you're too scared to give it to him by yourself? You can be so cute sometimes, Chika-chan.
Chika: Like, with everything that's happened until now, it's kind of awkward.
Yamato: Huh? What brings you two here?
*They walked in front of me.*
Chika: It's Tanabata, but the two of us are each stag.
Mayo: Well, I'm having fun being here with Chika-chan.
Yamato: I guess you're still the same, even on Tanabata. You two really are close.
Mayo: And Naoe-chan, you're really close with Kazama-chan and his family.
Yamato: We've been stuck together for so long.
Chika: Oh yeah, Shiinacchi's not with you?
Yamato: She's still with the other girls.
*I hadn't felt very comfortable there, so I'd headed back early.*
Chika: Oh right, I have to thank you for yesterday, too. Here, have this.
*She handed me a small pouch.*
Yamato: Is there candy inside? Wait, is it handmade?
Chika: Yes. I'm kind of proud of it.
*This was the first time I'd ever received handmade candy.*
Yamato: Mind if I share it with Gakuto and the others?
Chika: I'm planning on giving some to Shimazu and Morooka-kun directly. I mean, after all those things I said...
Yamato: You know where they live?
Mayo: As the class representative, I know where everyone in our class lives.
Yamato: You class reps are amazing.
Chika: Well, this is Mayo we're talking about.
Mayo: I was born on April 10th.
*Everyone's big sister always came through.*
*Meanwhile...*
Gakuto: Gahahaha. I. Feel. AWESOME!
Takuya: Ooh, I feel sick...
Gakuto: Hey, Moro, look. The sky's spinning.
Takuya: No, that's your eyes spinning. Hey, you're kind of heavy-don't lean on me!
Gakuto: Heh. Thanks, Moro.
Takuya: Where'd that come from?
Gakuto: Thanks for bein' there for me. I had no idea you had that much concern for me.
Takuya: Why are you talking about this now?
Gakuto: There's things a man can't say sober.
Takuya: I'm not sober, either, so I'll say this: I've been constantly worried about you for ages.
Gakuto: I never asked for that.
Takuya: It's fine. I chose to care.
Gakuto: ...Heh. Looks like I've sobered up.
Takuya: Really? You're still all wobbly. Wah!
Gakuto: Whoa there.
*He softly caught Takuya as he fell.*
Gakuto: Heh, I'm not wobblin' nearly as much as you.
Takuya: That's weird. I didn't think I was that drunk.
Gakuto: You drank at the same pace I did, so of course you're drunk.
Takuya: Just let me be like this a little longer.
Gakuto: You're gross, man. Well, I'll stay like this till you sober up.
Chika: Whoa, what are you... Yuck!
*That, of course, had to be the moment she walked in.*
Mayo: You two are so close.
Chika: Like, too close!
Mayo: Huh? What's wrong?
Chika: This is just too stupid. We're going home.
Mayo: But we still haven't thanked them...
Chika: Naocchi, give this to them.
Yamato: Okay, I will.
Chika: I finally understand why Morooka-kun was so upset. I really didn't understand anything.
*The two went back the way they came.*
Yamato: I'm so happy for you, Gakuto! You and Moro are such a perfect couple!
*I said, and as I started to give a hoorah...*
Gakuto: Should we head home?
Takuya: Yeah. Yamato's waiting for us.
Gakuto: He ain't gettin' any love from the ladies, except for Miyako.
Takuya: Maybe he's lonely.
Gakuto: Our trio is immortal!
Yamato: --Huh? You're including me?
Takuya: Oh, it's Yamato.
Gakuto: Guess you couldn't wait for us to get back. Let's start drinkin' again. This time, it'll be all three of us!
Yamato: Look, guys, just sober up already.
*I clearly wasn't leaving them anytime soon.*
====================act_l_卓也シナリオ.bin====================
Shouichi: So that's why I'm off to Kyoto!
Yamato: Wait -- say what?
Shouichi: While working at my job (at the Kawakami Bookstore), I saw these pictures of the Kiyomizu Temple, and I gotta go check it out!
*He was living in the moment, like he always did.*
Shouichi: C'mon, you guys have all had moments like that, right?
Miyako: You expect someone to say yes? There's no possible way anyone else--
Chris: I understand completely! Kyoto sounds wonderful.
Gakuto: And that makes one.
Matsukaze: It's so elegant. Like Kaga City, where I was born. What I'm sayin' is that tsukumogami dwell there.
Yukie: It has such a relaxing atmosphere, doesn't it?
Miyako: Our two newcomers have been defeated. Yet if we ask the members who've been around the block...
Takuya: When you think of Kyoto, you think of its famous buildings, but there's a lot of roads to admire in the city, too...
Momoyo: Hey, sounds like we're 0 for 3 here.
Takuya: Even when you're going to the same place, taking a different road means seeing different things, and every season brings its own colors.
*The words seemed to flow from his mouth.*
Gakuto: Ugh, I get enough of that from history!
Kazuko: Yawn... Zzz...
Yamato: Wanko's down. Be careful -- his speech's hypnotic!
Shouichi: Zzz... Zzz...
Gakuto: Capt started this, and he's down for the count?
Yamato: Was my warning too late?
Chris: But Moro, you really do know a lot!
Takuya: It's been there since long before we were born, it's mysterious, and intriguing. Who wouldn't want to know more?
Chris: I see. You are certainly right.
Yamato: Don't nod along -- the risk!
Takuya: The routine school trip doesn't last long enough. There's a good chance our trip this year will be to Kyoto, so if you're planning to go on your own...
Gakuto: Ahh, I'm overheating!
*Chris, I begged, just keep on learning.*
Yukie: Drowsy... So drowsy...
Matsukaze: Hey, what's goin' on? I feel... kind of good...
Yamato: Mayucchi -- you need to open your eyes too.
Momoyo: What's the big deal? Just let sleep take you.
Miyako: Heh heh heh! Sleep in my bosom!
Gakuto: That sounds like somethin' the villain would say right before the final boss fight!
Yamato: Dammit -- the carnivorous beast became active.
*I couldn't help but grow sluggish when the topic was so uninteresting.*
*I guess they wanted to toy with me while I was weak.*
Takuya: If you want to head to Nara too, then there's only so much you can do -- there's no getting around that -- but if you're efficient...
Yamato: Hey, Capt, you told us that because there was something you wanted to ask, right?
Shouichi: Hah? Oh... Right, right.
*I forced Capt awake.*
Momoyo & Miyako: Tch.
*That was a close one.*
Shouichi: Truth is, I'm all out of cash.
Takuya: Hey, are you going to walk? Again?! Wait, what were we talking about?
Gakuto: Oh, you interrupted his talk. Nice work, Tactician.
*Forcing him to come up with a witty comeback threw him off his game.*
Yamato: Hey, Wanko, wake up. *Grab!*
Kazuko: Wah! It's not like I was really sleeping.
*With Wanko awake, the flow of conversation returned to normal.*
Yamato: Look, there's just no way you can walk all the way to Kansai.
Shouichi: Nah, I can pull it off. Guaranteed.
Takuya: Just because you've walked 500 miles doesn't mean you have to walk 500 more!
Yamato: Do that, and you'll wind up repeating a year for sure.
Shouichi: Maybe I'll hitchhike. Eh, but that's not super fast either.
Chris: That would not do. You cannot accumulate too many absences.
Kazuko: Capt, didn't you have money saved up?
Shouichi: I'm not touching a penny of my savings. That's my investment for the future.
Gakuto: You usually don't care about any of that. The only exception is your savings.
Yamato: You'll have to be prepared for any amount of expenses. For now, let's take advantage of your status as a student.
Takuya: Yeah. I'll start looking things up.
Cookie: Now it's our turn.
*Moro promptly began his search.*
Takuya: You know, plane tickets for a month from now are a lot cheaper.
Shouichi: But I wanna head out now!
Takuya: Of course you do. Then your safest choice is the bullet train.
*He soon had a list of times, prices, and everything else Capt might want to choose from.*
Shouichi: Good going, Moro. You made things nice and simple.
Yamato: If you only care about price, what about an overnight bus?
Takuya: Yeah, I went ahead and checked that too.
*Nice going, looking that up even though no one asked.*
Takuya: But you won't be able to sleep on the bus.
Shouichi: I can sleep anywhere, so a bus it is.
Yamato: I have heard that, lately, even buses are pretty easy to sleep on.
Momoyo: Buy us souvenirs.
Shouichi: Didn't we start this whole thing off with me saying I'm broke?
Cookie: If you get me a cheap pennant like you did last time, I'll break you into 128 parts.
Shouichi: Like I said, I'm broke.
Cookie: Some plant seeds would be nice. I love gardening.
Gakuto: Since when? You're always makin' up new shit about yourself, like we wouldn't notice.
Takuya: Maybe that's a Kuki product specialty.
Cookie: Don't say that! What's wrong with me saying that like plants?!
*Even just a small amount of teasing and he's off into a flurry.*
*--In the classroom...*
Ikurou: I realized that, when it comes to zettai ryouiki, the exact position is key.
Gakuto: Yeah. I can't get enough of seein' that uncovered bit of skin.
Ikurou: Shit, I'm about to explode just thinking about it!
Gakuto: Ugh! Okay, then go to the bathroom already!
Ikurou: I'll be back in a minute!
Chika: Uh, I swear he goes to the bathroom, like, more than he's in class.
Mayo: Maybe he's drinking too much water.
Chika: Ahaha, sure.
*Tardiness was penalized harshly, so most in our class were here early, and already chatting.*
Suguru: Brother, do you understand my meaning?
Takuya: Yeah, that's unbelievable.
Suguru: This is far worse than an image ruined because of a person having only nine fingers!
Takuya: Yeah. Her neck's at a really weird angle.
Suguru: Even a novice could avoid producing something that abysmal.
Takuya: I heard the director got in a fight with the producer and quit.
Suguru: And furthermore, fully contracting all work to offshore animators is heresy! Just looking at the names in the credits filled me with anger.
Takuya: That was there for so few frames that people probably won't talk about it either.
Suguru: I was the first to post my complaints on a major message board. By now, it should be a lively festival in there.
Takuya: Speaking of festivals, the blowup over that was something. Who would've expected there'd be a man amongst the nuns?
Suguru: They have not the slightest clue. Those idiots understand nothing of 2D!
Suguru: Those parasitic worms who extort our brethren. They ought to be thrown into the fires of hell and be made to grok the second dimension!
Takuya: Girls can be scary both 2-D and 3-D, huh.
Suguru: Do not be led astray, my brother. 2-D that was not. A true 2D girl is ever clean, upright, and sacred.
Chika: What, did your anime girls finally abandon you too? That's just hilarious.
Suguru: I shall never, ever accept such a 2D world!
Takuya: H-Hey, Suguru, calm down.
Suguru: They shall be made to remember the taste of moe. Let us pulverize those cheapskates who resisted -- no, the whole production committee!
Takuya: Don't tell me you're going to break the DVD and send it back? I mean, you bought it. They've already won.
Suguru: It's an old joke... And besides, the DVD has committed no sin.
*As always, I was unable to follow Moro and Suguru's conversation.*
Miyako: ...You don't have to understand works that don't feature love between two men.
Yamato: Fine, so long as I don't have to understand those either.
*Everyone had their own fixations.*
Takuya: But you're really passionate about this stuff, aren't you, Suguru?
Suguru: My heart will always be in the second dimension. That is who I am. I shall give neither blood nor flesh nor any fragment of myself to a 3D woman.
Takuya: ...Wow.
Suguru: Moro, do you, too, have the determination to part from the third dimension?
Takuya: Huh? No, I really am still...
Suguru: Ah, no, I myself spoke poorly. The military and figurines cannot be denied.
Takuya: That's why?!
Suguru: But let your heart be at ease, my brother. This wrongdoing shall not repeat. So long as we can still be incensed so, we shall survive.
Takuya: You're always so fiery. I could never be like you.
Suguru: Our brethren connected to us via the Net have the strength of a thousand men. They have consigned countless moments of darkness to oblivion.
Takuya: Yeah. Friends can sure be something.
Suguru: Hence why I try to spread 2D.
Takuya: I could never say those things myself. I'd be too embarrassed.
Suguru: There is nothing to be ashamed of. Let the world see all.
Takuya: But I'm no good at that. I can't even talk to girls.
Suguru: Then but speak to your monitor.
Takuya: No, no, then I'd just be some weirdo!
Suguru: Always save before the date change separating the first half of the scenario from the second.
Takuya: Yeah, I guess so. (I could never beat you, Suguru...)
Miyako: Aren't you bored, Yamato?
Yamato: What about you?
Miyako: So much so that I wouldn't even care if our school went kaput.
*She looked bored out of her mind.*
Yamato: Well, don't say that. You should just chat with someone.
Miyako: Are you saying we should talk about what will happen in our next life?
Yamato: But this life's only just begun.
Miyako: Which is why we need to start by recovering our memories from our past lives.
Yamato: Let's stay friends forever.
Miyako: There's no dreams or romance left in this world...
*She could be as nonsensical as Suguru.*
Shouichi: There's no way I'm gonna lose!
*We were playing basketball in gym today, and Capt was on fire.*
Touma: Hideo, would you kindly cut through their poorly-defended right flank?
Hideo: Oh friend of Ours, your words have been engraved into Our heart!
Ikurou: Wahh! Stay away from me!
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Strip the ball from Us if you can, commoner. You ought to be Our red carpet!
Yamato: Stay calm -- his only armor is a single strip of cloth.
Ikurou: But that's the problem!
Yamato: Heck, you're just standing around watching. You should be fine.
*But I needed to figure out some countermeasure to the fundoshi guy charging at us.*
Hideo: Ngh...
*Kuki's shot was slightly off-target.*
Yamato: Now's your chance, Nice Guy!
Gakuto: I'm superior in both height and power! The ball is mine to take!
Hideo: Ugh. Was taking the shot with just Our left hand too difficult for Us?
Yamato: Everyone, watch your mark. Go with Plan C.
*I winked at Capt, and he sprinted off.*
Jun: Gh. You're tough. Keep an eye on Kazama!
Touma: Please wait, Jun. This is most certainly a--
Hideo: Very well. We grant to you the right to fight Us.
Gakuto: And there!
*He threw the ball as hard as he could.*
Jun: Hm? The ball's not heading towards Kazama?
Touma: As I feared, that wink was but a lure.
Tadakatsu: ...Hmph.
*Gen-san easily lined up his shot.*
Tadakatsu: There. Yeah, that's all it takes.
Yamato: Nice, Gen-san! (I high-fived him, though he clearly didn't want to.)
Tadakatsu: Screw the high five. Let's get points on the board.
Jun: They've got that Minamoto guy too. Man, Class F's a lot stronger than you'd think.
Touma: And they have Yamato-kun at their helm.
Yamato: We're still losing, you know.
*Kuki's power plays could be intense.*
*And Aoi was a master tactician himself.*
*Plus, Inoue has a casual quickness to him.*
Jun: Okay, it's time to get serious.
Shouichi: So, you're sayin' that basketball-like bald head of yours isn't just for show?
Jun: Oh, that it. Now I'm pissed... Time to go all-out!
Hideo: To stand in Our way is an unforgivable deed.
Gakuto: Do you think I want to be here?!
Touma: Oh my. Yamato-kun, would you be the one sticking to me?
Yamato: Keep your face away from me, Aoi.
Touma: Your arms are so wonderfully supple.
Yamato: That's sexual harassment.
*Everyone was fired up. Meanwhile...*
Takuya: ...Mn. I have to do my best.
*Moro at least tried to stick to his mark.*
Hideo: Mwahaha. Never could one of the small folk match Our speed!
Gakuto: Damn, you're fast. You'd think spendin' everyday in a rickshaw would make you weak!
Shouichi: But I'm way faster!
*Capt quickly recovered the ball.*
Shouichi: Moro, pass!
Takuya: Huh? Wah!
*It bounced off his hands and rolled towards me.*
Yamato: I've got your back. Now, for a safe layup!
Touma: Mm. Yamato-kun, the lines of your body are to die for.
*It wasn't showy, but it got the job done.*
Gakuto: Our teamwork is truly unbeatable.
Jun: Partway through, wasn't there a moment that clearly looked like they screwed up?
Touma: Yet Yamato-kun was able to adjust. Impressive.
Yamato: You could at least be willing to block.
Touma: I fear I'm poor at using my body outside the bedroom.
*So was I a better athlete than Aoi Touma, then?*
*...Or maybe he wanted me to think that. I couldn't drop my guard.*
Takuya: Ooh, sorry I screwed up.
Gakuto: That always happens. Don't worry about it. Everythin' turned out all right.
Takuya: I'm worried about it because it always happens.
Shouichi: Let's keep up this comeback. I know we can do it. You know it, right, Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: Don't tack me onto to your little group of friends. I don't plan on losin', but I ain't hangin' out with you, either.
*Despite his words, Gen-san was also a major force on the court.*
Takuya: Minamoto-kun's way more useful than me. And he isn't even part of the Family.
Shouichi: But you're easy to pass to. I always know where you'll be.
Takuya: I'm almost never marked because they know I'm no good...
Yamato: If we can just hold back Kuki, we'll win.
Gakuto: The only way to stop a nudist is with a nudist. Want me to go butt-naked?
Lu: Shimazu, what exactly are you doing?
Lu: Do not tear off your clothes.
Yamato: Mr. Lu won't like it if you do it for some half-assed reason.
Gakuto: Why does he have to be too hot-blooded to get a joke?
Chris: The boys must still be in class.
Chika: But like, no matter how many times I see Kuki-kun in that, it's always so... intense.
*The girls came in, one after another, to watch.*
Kazuko: Wait, you're losing?! Hey, go get 'em!
Tadakatsu: Oh, hush, Kazuko... Dammit, now I can't lose.
Hideo: Whoa! Kazuko-dono's cheers have pierced Our heart!
Hideo: Every muscle on Our body is throbbing with joy!
Kazuko: Gahh! Please, stop that thing from throbbing!
*Howls filled the gym.*
Mayo: Everyone, keep going just a little longer!
Jun: All right! Now I'm pumped!
*Which, strangely, boosted 2-S's morale.*
Jun: Oh, but the sight of her in her little bloomers is so adorable.
Jun: For the sake of humanity's evolution, I must give something to the next generation.
Hideo: Indeed. They look healthy and wonderful.
Hideo: We shall propose to Our sister that the military division adopt the custom.
Yamato: Well, those cheers backfired...
Miyako: Yamato, if you win... Well. Hah, hah! Get a hold of yourself, girl. Stay calm!
Yamato: My head hurts.
*My own morale plummeted.*
Chika: Like, don't lose to 2-S! Aren't you men?!
Chris: How craven.
Takuya: Huh? Oh... Yeah.
*Moro's eyes darted away from the girls.*
Yamato: Now, now. We're just getting started.
Gakuto: This is the perfect opportunity to prove myself! Send every ball my way!
Shouichi: By the way, sorry to interrupt, but the ball's mine!
*The net shook as the ball passed through as fast as a gale wind.*
Touma: He weaved right through us... Impressive.
Shouichi: I'm a leaf on the wind. Watch as I soar!
Gakuto: Dammit! You even prepared snappy lines?!
Gakuto: I gotta think of somethin', too... Some brilliant line to draw the attention of the girls.
Gakuto: Since I am a genius, my attack is nothin' if not unstoppable!
Gakuto: ...That's a little long...
Chika: Eeek! Nice one, Kazama-kun. And you're cool, too, Touma-kun!
Gakuto: Shit, Capt stands out too much. Look at me!
*The ball was passed to Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Oh yeah! SLAM DUNK!!!
*The rim nearly came off its hinges.*
Gakuto: Well? Did you see how I, Gakuto, made such a nice play?!
Chika: Touma-kun in his sports clothes looks totally picture-perfect. *slurp*
Gakuto: Hey, hey! Why won't anyone pay attention to me?
Mayo: Wow, that was amazing. Gakuto. You're so cool!
Gakuto: Well, it was nothing... Dammit, I can't accept this!
Takuya: ...I guess Gakuto's the same as ever.
Miyako: Hey, Moro. Stop just standing there and move.
Takuya: Y-Yeah!
*The girls' cheers were... impactful, if nothing else.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*It was one month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
*Well, even so, there were a lot of things that wouldn't change.*
*For instance, my longtime friend and straight man,*
*Our Family's brake, Morooka Takuya.*
*He was one of the few people who could put a stop to the many fools in the Kazama Family.*
*Gakuto originally introduced him to us, and thanks to his good personality, we quickly became friends.*
*He was a little cute, but he's definitely a man.*
*But I was worried about him. He was shy and couldn't look girls in the eye.*
*In the midst of all my idiosyncratic friends, he was one of the few normal, rational minds.*
*He could seem cold, but if you could get him to talk about the things he knew, he'd probably have me beat.*
*But was there anything he wanted to do?*
*He'd said something about becoming a game developer, and I'd seen him working on it in his spare time.*
*A person can live, so long as they have a dream.*
*...To be honest, I was jealous of that. Jealous of how he could dream.*
*What sort of summer would this be, I wondered.*
Mrs. Shimazu: Are you sure I can leave a good chunk of this up to you?
Yukie: I, Mayuzumi Yukie, swear that I shall see this through!
Mrs. Shimazu: Don't glare at me so, please.
Yukie: I-I'm sorry!
Mrs. Shimazu: Well, if you say so, then I'll stock up on ingredients. But you don't have to cook yourself if you don't want to, Yukie-chan.
Matsukaze: It's all good. Let her do what she wants.
Mrs. Shimazu: I can't get used to that, no matter how many times I see it.
*And that was how Mayucchi found herself with more opportunities to cook breakfast.*
Miyako: I've already finished making lunches for myself and Yamato.
Yamato: Like I said, can't you make it a little less spicy?
Miyako: I know you can handle this much heat.
Yamato: Making jabs at your cooking is getting tiring, but it looks too red.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I haven't had nearly enough of your jabbing. Don't stop until I'm broken in.
Yamato: Do you have to make everything sound erotic?
*Dealing with Miyako this early in the morning was exhausting.*
Yamato: You can make a normal lunch too, right?
Miyako: The color red represents my feelings for you, Yamato. Just accept it.
Yamato: Why does it have to be red?
Miyako: Red is the color of passion, and I can't hold back my burning emotions. And I especially can't hold back my flavoring.
Yamato: Why do I bother talking to you?
*It was such a shame. She'd be a really good cook, if only she didn't use so much spice.*
Cookie: Wake up, Meister.
Shouichi: I told you, let me sleep a little more...
Tadakatsu: Go wash your damn face, Kazama, before you make me tired.
Chris: This smells pleasant.
*With everyone here, we had breakfast.*
Yukie: Umm, you don't have to answer if you don't want to, but would it be possible to perhaps ask you a question?
Shouichi: Nope.
Yukie: I-I'm sorry...
Matsukaze: Mayucchi, you've gotta get a hold of yourself. I won't always be able to be your backup.
Yamato: You're the backup?
Shouichi: I was just messing. If there's something you want to say, spit it out.
Yukie: Everyone, why did you all come to live at the Shimazu Dorm?
Chris: Now that you mention it, I was curious myself.
*It obviously made sense for exchange students and those from out-of-town to live in a dorm.*
Tadakatsu: Why should I?
Yamato: As it happens, Gen-san and I were both sent here by our parents.
Tadakatsu: Don't go tellin' her already!
Yamato: It's fine. There's nothing to hide. We're all friends here.
Tadakatsu: Don't stick us together. I pay my rent with the money I make through you.
Yamato: You're such a good boy. I respect you, Gen-san.
Tadakatsu: Ain't nothin' amazing about it. You don't work, you don't eat.
Chris: Mm, is that how it is?
Yamato: You've never worked a job, have you?
Chris: There was never any need to. I spent that time training instead.
*Different upbringings had led to different opinions.*
Miyako: I calculated that I would get to live in the room above Yamato's.
Shouichi: You guys're always a kick in the pants! So funny!
Chris: I would not call Miyako's explanation 'funny' at all.
Yamato: So as you can see, most of the people living here are from the Kazama Family.
Shouichi: It's such a pain. Why can't we all be part of the Kazama Family?
Tadakatsu: Don't go draggin' me into your games. I like my peace and quiet.
Yamato: Oh, there he goes.
*Even so, I could feel his sense of chivalry in how he cleaned the dishes.*
Chris: I understand Momo-senpai and Dog's living arrangements.
Yukie: Oh, and Gakuto lives at home, too.
Yamato: Because his home's right next door, yeah.
*Gakuto, as our landlady's son, lived in his home next door, and the Kawakami Sisters obviously lived at the Kawakami Temple.*
Yukie: Does Moro-san live at home, too?
Chris: Come to think of it, I have not heard much of his circumstances.
Yamato: Well, he doesn't like talking about it himself.
Miyako: Moro lives with his grandfather.
Chris: Oh? I had no idea.
Yukie: He really likes his grandfather, huh.
Chris: However, what of his parents?
Yamato: Well, there's a reason for that.
Chris: What sort of reason? You must explain.
Miyako: Now then, we're running low on time. We have to hurry and get ready.
Chris: Oh, yes. We certainly cannot allow ourselves to be late.
*This wasn't the place to talk about that.*
*......*
Takuya: Doesn't it feel like something's gone wrong with To Love-Run's characters?
Gakuto: As long as we see their panties, who cares? Sexy makes right!
Takuya: But there's no aesthetics! This is Shounen Jast we're talking about! And it feels like there's been drastic changes in their personalities too.
Gakuto: They made sure to draw the sexy victories and sexy friendships and sexy labors.
Takuya: Oh, now that you mention it, I guess so.: Wait, I can't accept that!
Yamato: Hey, we're almost at the Bridge of Weirdos.
*I had to stop them before they became weirdos too.*
Shouichi: But still, it's hard to save up money.
Yamato: We're students, so we can't earn that much. We can worry about that stuff once we've graduated.
Shouichi: Put stuff off, and it'll never get done. I'm always aiming to be fast!
Chris: That is a good, healthy opinion. Yamato's, on the other hand, is far too cowardly.
Yamato: We just think differently. I always aim for results.
Chris: I see... Apologies. I could not help but flare up at you.
*She'd sworn to accept me after the trip to Hakone, but she was always like this.*
Takuya: Ahh, I've finished reading it all.
Miyako: It's dangerous to read while you walk. *flip*
Takuya: Then what's that thing you've got there?!
Miyako: I'm always watching my surroundings, so I'm completely fi--
Momoyo: Hahaha! You're wide open!
*Nee-san promptly attacked her.*
Momoyo: So then, time for our long-awaited summer clothes. First things first, girls. Flip your skirts and let me see.
Yukie: Huh? Huuuuh?!
*While Mayucchi struggled not to hurt herself in confusion, a group gathered behind her.*
Momoyo Fan 1: Look at me, please!
Momoyo Fan 2: I wore a cute bra today, just for this!
Gakuto: Whoa, but no. A Nice Guy shouldn't look.
Takuya: Then why are you staring like that?!
Momoyo Fan 5: Uh, she looked at me first!
Momoyo Fan 6: There's no time. Hurry up!
Yamato: They're insane.
Momoyo: Heh heh. Oh, where do I start?
Shouichi: Looks like this's gonna take a while. Let's get a move on.
*By Capt's orders, we all started to move.*
Gakuto: I shall accompany Moro in watchin' them until the end.
Takuya: Hey, wh-why me?!
Gakuto: What? You don't wanna see?
Takuya: No, I mean... O-Of course I do.
Momoyo: Don't leave me behind. We'll pick this back up during lunch.
Gakuto: Tch. I gotta wait till lunch?
Yamato: You're going to watch? You think you can slip through Nee-san's security net?
Gakuto: Yonpachi's camera is goin' to flash bright.
*Not before Yonpachi becomes a ray of light himself, I thought.*
Takuya: ...Ugh.
Miyako: Disappointed?
Takuya: Wah? No, of course not! I didn't know what to do either.
Kazuko: C'mon, let's get going already.
Takuya: So you've decided to walk on up and join us?
Kazuko: Well, you see, I got dragged into the group of girls surrounding Onee-sama.
Miyako: Which I'm sure you could've avoided if you'd wanted to?
Kazuko: They need to do way more than just wear summer clothes if they want her to notice them!
Takuya: That's a 'yes' then?
Yamato: You are wearing something far more sensational than summer clothes.
Kazuko: Besides, this is pretty much my school uniform anyways.
Miyako: Then from now on, Wanko, we'll call you Bullooma.
Kazuko: Bull-what?!
Chris: So Dog is specifically a bulldog.
Kazuko: Wah! But bulldogs are hopelessly not cute!
*She complained as she dragged her tires along behind her.*
Takuya: Nicknames can be rough. You'll never know what can get you one.
Yamato: And those are the ones you pray don't stick.
Yukie: Matsukaze, if I were to get a strange nickname, what should I do?
Matsukaze: Girl, don't worry about that. Might be that nickname's what gets you friends.
Yukie: What a fascinating idea! Miyako-san, give me one too!
Miyako: We're almost at school. Initiating mode change...
Yukie: Awawawa!
Yamato: It's a mercy you didn't get a strange nickname.
Yamato: Well, Miyako can be a little sadistic.
Miyako: Heh heh heh. Everything I know I learned from you, Yamato.
Kazuko: Okay, Kuri, let's compete from here to the school!
Chris: I cannot fathom myself losing to you when you are constrained by a tire, Dog.
*A lot of fads had come and gone today on our way to school.*
*......*
Umeko: We will soon commence individual guidance based on your stated future plans.
Umeko: I will ask about your reasons and enthusiasm. A halfhearted response is the mark of an uncultured swine.
Takuya: ...Enthusiasm, huh?
Umeko: Ready your opinion. If what you wrote is your true desire, I doubt that is necessary.
*Homeroom ended.*
Miyako: One day isn't nearly long enough to convey all my dreams for the future. Do you want to hear them, Yamato?
Yamato: What did I do to deserve this?
Gakuto: Meanwhile, I gotta resubmit.
Kazuko: And you got whipped.
Gakuto: I was serious! Now who am I supposed to put down?
Takuya: That you can ask that question proves you weren't serious!
*Haguro-san also had to resubmit her form.*
Haguro: Wish I had me somethin' I was born into like you, Chikarin.
Chika: Don't underestimate a sweets shop.
Haguro: But girlfriend, you get to eat all the sweets you want. I'm so jealous.
Chika: Hah. As if. Do you honestly think it's that simple?
Haguro: Oh yeah, maybe I wanna do nails? I'd inlay sequins twice the size of my nails.
Mayo: That is a popular profession lately.
Chika: But knowing her, she'll change her opinion in no time.
Yamato: Everyone has their own dreams, huh.
Chris: You sound subdued. That is not good.
Yamato: My dream is to be an office worker. Considering potential salaries and conditions, being a section manager seems ideal.
Takuya: Wouldn't a job as a civil servant be more stable?
Yamato: I need to have some job satisfaction. Besides, a top company is much more stable than national or municipal governments.
*...That's what I'd come to think -- that a company would be better than a country.*
Takuya: But if you're a temp worker, they could tear up your contract.
Yamato: I'll do whatever I can to avoid that, at least.
Chris: I would think it would be more interesting to aim for the top.
Yamato: If we push that to its logical extreme...
Yamato: Quickly climb the ladder to success. Then, at a certain height, switch to training subordinates and shore up your position. Thus, you win.
Chris: Training subordinates is certainly important, but I believe one must prioritize oneself. The higher the goal, the greater its value.
Yamato: Running a company's too much work. Sooner or later I'd be fired for something idiotic anyway. When that happened I'd at least go out swinging.
Chris: Hmm... That is certainly a detailed explanation.
Yamato: It's my dream, so of course I did the research. That's something I wouldn't been able to do without some enthusiasm, wouldn't you agree?
Chris: Gh... Yet I am still not satisfied.
Yamato: Well, okay then.
*I... wasn't 100% satisfied, either.*
*But I couldn't write down my childhood dream. It was too late for that.*
Yamato: I'll need to think of some better arguments for when I talk to Ms. Ume.
Takuya: You really are amazing, Yamato. You're really thinking about the future.
Takuya: Out of all of us, you're the most pragmatic.
*His words made me feel dead inside.*
Shouichi: What gives? I mean, take a look at my dream. Anyone with a spirit of adventure could pull it off, no sweat!
Takuya: I could never write down 'adventurer' as my dream job. That's the most instable profession I can imagine.
Shouichi: But that's what makes it great! Every day's a struggle to come home in one piece!
Yamato: Capt, you could convince even Ms. Ume with that passion.
Shouichi: But first up, why am I even stuck talking to other people about my future? Why waste all that time when I know what I wanna do?
Kazuko: Same. Even if someone tells me my dream is impossible, I don't plan on backing down either.
Takuya: But aren't you at least a little worried?
Kazuko: If I am, then I just have to work that much harder. And if that doesn't work, then I'm just not trying hard enough.
Miyako: Spoken like a true jock.
Gakuto: Don't make it sound so simple! Are you sayin' I can't get a girlfriend because I'm not working hard enough?!
Yamato: In your case, you're directing your efforts in the wrong direction.
Gakuto: Then tell me: How do I make the ladies love me?!
Yamato: Just exchange your body and personality with someone else's. Aoi's would make for a fine choice.
Gakuto: But then there wouldn't be a shred of me left!
Yamato: There's always reincarnation. You can just hold off until your next life.
Gakuto: You bastard. Quit talkin' smack!
Miyako: That comeback was weak. What are you doing?!
Takuya: Why are you yelling at me?!
Miyako: Thinking about something?
Takuya: Yeah. But it's such a small thing, really.
Shouichi: Don't be a wet blanket! No one's gonna look down on you, no matter how small you are down there.
Takuya: Just what did you think I meant, Capt?! Stop, before people start spreading rumors!
Kazuko: Well, Moro's definitely tiny.
Takuya: Wanko, I know you don't know what he meant!
Kazuko: It's fine being short. I used to worry about it to, but not anymore.
Miyako: You need a proper education. Especially regarding nighttime activities.
Yamato: But it's not even high noon.
*Her eagerness to teach her was kind of terrifying.*
Chris: But what else could be small? His heart? His potential?
Miyako: Okay, Chris, you're taking my lesson too.
Takuya: Hey, why do you have to be so cruel to me?
Kazuko: Yeah, I know that feeling.
Takuya: Are you trying to sympathize with me? You're one of my assailants!
*It was nearly time to start studying for entrance exams, so of course we had to think about where we'd apply.*
Yamato: On that note, Moro, are you going on to college?
Takuya: There's no other way to get a good job, right?
Yamato: They call our society meritocratic, but there's no way to get your foot in the door without schooling. New graduates have it the best.
Takuya: Which means, I have to go to college.
Yamato: But some companies want developers with good instincts. A lot of those guys were better off learning their profession as soon as possible.
Takuya: That's the rub, yeah.
*No matter how good an academic record might be, some jobs simply required the right skills.*
Yamato: Your dream's to be a developer, right?
Takuya: It is, but I'm worried about my grandfather.
Yamato: But it's not like he's sick or anything.
Takuya: He's getting old. Things are getting harder for him.
Kazuko: Our grandpa's always healthy!
Yamato: I can't even imagine him being frail.
Takuya: Well, my grandfather's just a normal old man. Don't put him together with someone who can fire waves of fighting spirit.
*So, even his future dreams were at the mercy of his environment?*
*...But some things were better kept to myself.*
Momoyo: Now then. Your Onee-san's bored, so she'll talk to you about your future plans.
Yamato: Since there's no agenda, I guess we're going at random...
*Neither Capt nor Wanko were here, so today's Friday Meeting was a lot more relaxed than normal.*
Momoyo: I'm also looking for some entertainment.
Takuya: It's going to be hard to entertain you talking about our future plans.
Momoyo: I'll advise you about anything I understand.
Momoyo: Let's start out with Mayu-Mayu. C'mon!
Yukie: I will carry on my family's legacy. I cannot let the Mayuzumi style be lost.
Momoyo: Same reason as me, then. Yeah, that's pretty dull.
Yukie: Ah! Oh yes, that is what you said!
Matsukaze: Y-Yo, we got beat bad.
Yamato: That's an awful thing to say. She's probably the one person you could help the most.
Momoyo: Now then, why don't you excite me with your body?
Gakuto: You were after that from the start.
*That explained why things had been so abrupt.*
Momoyo: I really was planning to give the best advice I could. A pretty low bar, yes, but I was gonna try.
Takuya: Yeah, there's some things you have to investigate on your own.
Chris: In my case, I can simply leave things up to my father.
Takuya: He certainly does seem like he'd do anything and everything for you.
Chris: One must press forth down the path she believes in.
*She certainly seemed free of anxiety.*
Gakuto: Please, give me direction too! I gotta know how I can make Momo-senpai go out with me!
Momoyo: Don't ask me that, you idiot! Defense Raising Technique!
Gakuto: Gwoh! Thanks!
*She guided his body directly.*
Momoyo: If you come up to me blabbing on about something kiddy, I'll beat some guts into you. That's all I can do.
*And she really believed that.*
Momoyo: Speaking of beating, more beatdowns sounds great. I lust for them, even.
Yamato: You really are dangerous.
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, let me teach you, slowly and stick-ily.
Yukie: Huh? Huh...?!
Matsukaze: My girl Mayucchi's in trouble! If you're gonna do anyone, do me!
*Just as I thought Mayucchi was about to be assaulted...*
Kazuko: We're here, Capt. Now, let's eat!
Shouichi: I get it, I get it. First, sit on down. Capt's back, guys!
Kazuko: Hey, hey, Onee-sama, what were you talking about?!
Momoyo: ...Hm? Nothing.
Yamato: (Nee-san fell silent the moment the two arrived.)
*And now that they were here, we'd stopped talking about the future.*
Miyako: I wish we could just stay like this forever.
Takuya: There's no way that can happen.
Yamato: Mayucchi and Chris in particular are far from home.
*But there was no use complaining about that now.*
Gakuto: This conversation's givin' me a headache. Let's play somethin'!
Shouichi: Let's play a board game! Like Settlers of Tacan!
Kazuko: Ahaha. I don't really understand that one, so I'll pass.
Yamato: It's a good game. Negotiations and strategy are the name of the game. It's titillating.
Takuya: Chris, I take it you're not very good at it?
Chris: This game is German, so how could I lose?
Yamato: Oh, so it is.
*There were many German-made board games at our base.*
Yukie: Wah! I've never had any friends, so I've never played.
Yamato: Well, board games aren't that popular in Japan anyways.
Chris: Small children should enjoy playing them with their family when on break.
Gakuto: I can't even imagine that. Play outside!
*What I couldn't imagine was the sight of Chris's dad or Margit playing a board game.*
Chris: I have never lost. My father and Mar-san have always praised my play.
Yamato: Oh, have they now?
*And so we put her skills to the test.*
Chris: Hey, that's my territory.
Shouichi: Not when you haven't built a settlement there it's not. This land will be mine to rule over!
Chris: Gh. And after I finally extended my road, too.
Takuya: I mean, I wanted to extend this road myself.
Yamato: Time to move that bandit. This'll stop you from getting resources, Chris.
Chris: Wh-Why are you all focusing your attacks on me?!
Takuya: Because you're winning.
Yamato: The nail that sticks out gets hammered in. That's one of my favorite sayings.
Chris: Hey, all my roads have been cut off. I cannot get any more victory points!
Takuya: That's checkmate.
*She proved weak.*
Yamato: You should have traded more.
Chris: Whenever I tried, people would demand unfair conditions. I had no need.
Yamato: That's all part of negotiating.
*Our princess wasn't likely to win without a healthy handicap after all.*
Chris: Why must things not go more smoothly?
Yamato: So long as you think like that, you'll never win.
Chris: Kh. Once more!
Takuya: This game is really well-made, huh.
Yamato: So much so that Capcon, who make Creature Hunter, decided to buy the Japanese distribution rights.
*Our conversation spiraled off into bigger things.*
Takuya: I'd like to make a game that elicits the same response.
*......*
*At Takuya's house...*
*He was in his room, the lights off.*
Takuya: Everyone's really thought about their future, huh.
*He was deep in thought in his bed.*
*There were things one could understand by being not in the middle of the conversation, but rather by standing a step outside.*
Takuya: When Wanko says she wants to become a Kawakami Temple Master, Momo-senpai looks so pained.
Takuya: And when Wanko showed up earlier, she changed the subject.
*Being related didn't mean she had an easier path to becoming a master.*
*Wanko had a long, steep road ahead of her.*
Takuya: I don't know as much about Mayucchi or Chris, but they look like they're taking things seriously.
Takuya: That leaves Miyako. She knows exactly what she wants to do, but... it's hard to watch.
*He moved, laying down his head on the bed. He could feel his body slowing falling to sleep.*
Takuya: Gakuto has his problems, but even he's got confidence, and Yamato... If Yamato's okay with his path, then I guess I am too.
*We weren't the children we'd been when we first met. Now, we were almost adults.*
Takuya: (But why aren't I worried about myself?)
*Especially when I was the most anxious, the only one without anything going for him.*
Takuya: Well, whatever. It's time to sleep.
*I couldn't find the answer today either.*
Takuya: ...I can't sleep.
Takuya: I want to get up and do something meaningful.
Takuya: But I can't get in the mood...
Takuya: Can I accept that?
Takuya: No, I can't. I have to try harder.
Takuya: Oh, my future's a source of anxiety too...
Takuya: Does everyone have nights like this?
Takuya: ...Haha. All of them probably conk out the second they hit the hay.
*The sleepless night ticked away, costing me second after second of precious slumber...*
Takuya: *yawn*...
Chris: You seem tired, Moro.
Takuya: You, on the other hand, seem lucid.
Chris: I make sure to spend a little extra time resting. Especially given how morning training can be exhausting.
Yukie: The morning air can be so pleasantly cool.
Yamato: Lately, haven't you been sleeping in as long as you can?
Chris: That is fine. Mar-san comes to wake me up.
Takuya: Besides, my grandpa wakes up early, so I naturally wake up around then.
Kazuko: But Moro, what are we supposed to do if you get even paler?
Takuya: I was born with skin like this! And hey, what's that have to do with anything?
Miyako: More importantly, what are we doing today?
Shouichi: The sports festival's coming up, so let's get some practice runs in!
Yamato: Individual practice runs? That's a surprising thought.
Gakuto: I love the sports festival. It's where I get to prove my worth and bathe in the gazes of the ladies.
Momoyo: Their gazes are going to be pointed my way.
Kazuko: And Gakuto's going to be the laughing stock.
Gakuto: There was a time when that was true, but no more!
Miyako: We can all see how this will end.
Yamato: You think you can beat Nee-san?
*Because I knew I'd enjoy the show.*
Gakuto: I'll do my best in games where I won't face off against Momo-senpai.
Yamato: Yeah, running away is the logical choice. Though people will call you lame for it.
Gakuto: Boys and girls don't compete against each other anyways. It's fine.
Gakuto: ...And I don't always run away!
Momoyo: By the way, I'll be competing in horseback archery.
Chris: That's the country of samurai for you.
*At our school, horseback archery was just another game at the sports festival.*
Yamato: So, we're going to start today by practicing horseback archery?
Chris: I can do that. I have with me my beloved steed, Hamachidori.
Takuya: But who do you fight against?! No one else has a horse!
Yamato: You still have that horse?
*Margit had come to the country, just like she said she would back at Hakone. She must have the horse.*
Gakuto: But honestly, can anyone beat Momo-senpai?
Miyako: Heh heh. Don't forget about me, the archer.
Takuya: Have you ever even ridden a horse?
Miyako: I know this cowgirl can't lose if she straddles Yamato.
Yamato: Please don't fight on my back.
Miyako: By the way, if I was straddling Yamato, I'd be in complete control. *huff, huff*
*She burned with love at the thought.*
Gakuto: Hey, it's still too early for your nighttime aerobics.
Miyako: But nighttime is my domain!
Yamato: Quit it, you two.
Momoyo: For now, I'll take you all on at once.
Shouichi: Even against you, Momo-senpai, we can pull this off through the power of teamwork!
Yamato: Then let's fight via a battle quiz.
Momoyo: Rejected! Everyone who thinks nothing of using their head, stay out!
*In the end, no one could beat her in a physical contest.*
Momoyo: I am unequalled! Hah hah hah!
*All of us were caught up in the blast.*
Momoyo: I wish I could be the frog in the middle of the Milky Way!
*It was good training... But even so, she was too strong.*
Momoyo: Can't some powerful person come from outer space?!
*No matter what we did, Nee-san was the sole winner.*
*At the Morooka household...*
*I was again ruminating on my own.*
Takuya: The sports festival's next week, huh.
*I would be competing in the footrace. I wouldn't be up against any of my friends there.*
*So there was no need to feel hesitant.*
Takuya: I just have to do my best.
*Everyone had their own issues to deal with. I wasn't the only unhappy one.*
*So what if my parents disappeared?*
*I mean, Kazuko had never even known her biological parents.*
Takuya: Thinking about it that way, I'm kind of lucky.
*I couldn't even wallow in despair properly.*
*Having no foe I had to fight meant there was also nothing I had to do.*
*But I at least needed to protect my grandfather, Asakichi.*
Takuya: I really can't try my luck, can I?
*If I wasn't able to get a job in my specialty, I'd be screwed.*
Takuya: But Capt would never fail. And Yamato, he'd figure out a way through this.
*Again, I was anxious.*
Takuya: I keep talking to myself. Not that there's anyone I could talk to about this.
Takuya: What about Mayucchi? ...I can't even laugh.
Takuya: Mayucchi... I wonder if she's made any friends.
Takuya: She's cute, so it shouldn't be too hard.
Takuya: So. She could go bowling or play pool with friends to put her athletic skills to good use, but...
Takuya: Neither of those would work for me.
Takuya: None of us would have any experience, but I'd still wind up with by far the lowest score.
Takuya: Oh, why can't I be as skilled as they are?
Takuya: I tried doing some sit-ups today, hoping to change myself...
Takuya: But my stomach started hurting halfway through and I quit.
Takuya: I don't even have a backbone...
Takuya: Between the recession and the swine flu, it's been a year full of anxiety.
Takuya: Yamato said you can't rely on the country, but...
Takuya: Ugh... In the first place...
Takuya: Can I even manage to become a game developer?
Takuya: He said academic records don't really matter, but the biggest companies would definitely weigh grades pretty heavily.
Takuya: Mmmm... I... I...
Takuya: This isn't good... This is why my thoughts are always so dark.
Takuya: I have to think fun thoughts.
Takuya: Like, what if I got some clothes that made me invisible?
Takuya: ...No, no, no! Who am I, Gakuto?!
Takuya: Actually, I'll become a beautiful young girl.
Takuya: No, no, that's even worse!
Takuya: What if the boys hit on me? It'd be a nightmare.
Takuya: Capt's too freewheeling. I couldn't keep up with him.
Takuya: Gakuto's too violent. I'd break.
Takuya: And Yamato's kind of... obstinate, so...
Takuya: Wait! Why am I talking as if I did become a girl?!
Takuya: It's so late at night, my thoughts are going crazy...
Takuya: I need some sleep...
*I ended the day feeling the same way I always did.*
*It was the day of the sports festival. The entire academy was at a fever pitch.*
Chika: Ugh... I feel so out of it.
Suguru: I never thought I would feel the same way about something as the dumb blondie.
*However, 2-F's morale was in the pits.*
Suguru: My energy is presently at 50%. In other words, I feel as if I am entering the second straight map since I last healed to full.
Chika: I have like, no idea what you just said, but I'm not in the mood either.
Azumi: Everyone's far too listless 
Hideo: What is wrong, commoners? Are your family finances under pressure due to the panic and the rising yen?!
Hideo: Things will soon calm, so for now, you must endure!
Margit: I cannot lose fighting alongside Frau Chris. You will all embrace the same mode of thought.
*They clearly had no idea they were the source of the problem.*
Chika: Like, do you honestly expect us to listen to you when you're not even wearing gym clothes?
Touma: Everyone from Class 2-F, I do hope we can accomplish great things together.
Chika: C'mon, everyone, let's do it!
Suguru: Tch. That was so brazen, I cannot even find the will to mock it.
Mayo: We're all on the same team, so let's get along.
*Fact of the matter was, we were coupled with Class S.*
*A number of people wanted to cooperate, but they were in the minority.*
Gakuto: We'll have to succeed as individuals.
Yamato: Even so, I'm going to do what I can.
Miyako: Yamato, you're so cool. You're just so cool.
Shouichi: The Seiryuu Army's gonna be the only one left standing at the end. Let's get going, guys!
*So began the battle.*
*--The girls' obstacle race.*
Ikurou: Here comes my greatest chance!
Gakuto: Whoa! You can see the lines of their breasts in the netting!
*Yonpachi was super excited. The Seiryuu Army's representative was the maid from 2-S.*
Gakuto: Her maid uniform looks as amazin' as ever.
Azumi: Move your frickin' ass. I'm blasting straight through anyone in my way.
*Her overwhelming firepower blew away all the obstacles before her.*
Jun: Hideo's not watching, so she's on a rampage.
Touma: Her style of speech may be a touch different without him, but I suspect she would act no differently.
Koyuki: Ahaha. Look at all the new junk!
Tesshin: Your firepower is as high as ever, Maid.
Tesshin: Hume. Are you properly teaching your subordinates? (Hume monitored the Kuki Servant Corps. Though retired, the Englishman was known as the strongest butler in the world.)
Tesshin: All of my gadgets are now ruined.
Kyojin: Hey, hey. Spare a thought for your homeroom teacher.
Umeko: On the contrary. I would rather have my class learn from her example. When there is an obstacle in the way, take it down.
Kyojin: You're right. Yes, Oshitari is one of my greatest students.
Lu: What should we do about this situation?
Tesshin: The rules don't forbid it, so of course we press on.
*Even this was allowed to let slide.*
Azumi: See that, you frickin' octopuses-for-brains? We got a huge lead!
*She reached the end well before anyone else.*
Shouichi: She ain't bad. I can't lose, either!
Yamato: Our order for the final relay is perfect. We have to turn things around during the boys' events, when Nee-san can't participate.
Miyako: You won't let me use a bow? That's amazing.
Yamato: A normal archery contest would be one thing, but on horseback? That's rough.
Miyako: Yamato, you're thinking about me that much?
Yamato: What I'm thinking about is the match.
*I knew which games Nee-san and Mayucchi were participating in, so I avoided them.*
Touma: If you and I joined forces, none could stand before us.
Yamato: I feel the same way, but if you're not my enemy, I don't think I need you as my ally.
Touma: May I take that to mean you and I are tied together as if by a balanced equation?
Yamato: Gh. Stop psychologically attacking your ally.
*Aoi was a fearsome foe and an embarrassing ally.*
*Meanwhile, in the boys' footrace...*
Kazuko: Moro's running. Let's cheer him on!
Takuya: Oh, everyone's here.
Takuya: Now there's so much pressure.
Chris: Good luck, Moro! Let your drive overcome the limits of your flesh!
Mayo: Morooka-chan, do your best!
Chika: You have to win!
Miyako: *stare*
Takuya: Miyako's watching too. Okay, I have to do my best!
*He came in third.*
Chika: Well, that's all we can hope for from Morooka-kun.
Mayo: Third place still gets us points. You did wonderfully well.
Kazuko: Yep, I think he did his best.
Chris: Though I would think first place would be far cooler.
*Everybody left.*
Takuya: ...Ugh, of course things turned out like this.
*--The boys' bo-taoshi event.*
Ikurou: Ugh, this is such a sausage party... and it's hellishly hot, too.
Suguru: And yet, you still carry that camera of yours.
Gakuto: This is easy. I shall swiftly demolish their pole!
Mitsuru: Ooh, I'm so hungry...
Ikurou: But still, should we really be fielding Kuma-chan with an empty stomach?
Suguru: That does seem like the sort of plan Yamato would conceive.
Mitsuru: I want this to end already. Then I can eat. I'll get to eat.
Suguru: If the match doesn't start soon, the field will be bathed in blood.
Mitsuru: If I can just push through this, the food I eat afterwards will be amazingly delicious, I know it!
Ikurou: He's giving himself self-suggestions. I think it's best we don't talk to him.
Lu: So, let us begin! Fist of Fire!!!
*A beam of energy shot from Assistant Master Lu's fist, shaking the air in its wake. That was the signal to begin.*
Mitsuru: Guhhh nahhhhhh!
*Mitsuru's roar created an opening in the enemy line.*
Gakuto: How can someone that big be that fast?!
*Mitsuru charged through the enemy ranks, slamming defenders out of the way left and right. It took all Gakuto had to keep up.*
Momoyo Fan 3: We have do this, for Momo-senpai!
Momoyo Fan 4: The only way to make her remember a man's face is to seize victory!
*Flesh clashed against flesh. Sweat clashed against sweat.*
Suguru: Let me imagine that this pole is the reincarnation of Sumirin (one of Autumn's heroines)...
Suguru: Stay back! I shall protect this klutzy girl!
Momoyo Fan 3: Wh-What's with that guy?!
Momoyo Fan 4: He's kissing the damn pole with a sick grin on his face!
*The repulsiveness of how he desperately clung to the pole struck a blow against the Byakko Army.*
Gakuto: If it's pure power you want, then it's Gakuto time. TAKE THIS!
*Mitsuru had taken on the defenders by himself. There were a few, but the enemy couldn't retaliate. Now was the time to go after the pole.*
Ikurou: I'll climb up there! Just like a monkey!
*Thanks to his climbing ability, which he had trained in order to secure the camera angles, he easily captured the flag.*
Ikurou: And now, for a commemorative photo. What an irresistible school of fish!
*From the top of the pole, he took pictures of the bloomers swimming about in the distance.*
Ikurou: The roof's too high up, so this is my only chance to get these shots.
*That was the only reason why Ikurou participated in bo-taoshi.*
Gakuto: Yonpachi, give me some of those afterwards.
Ikurou: Yeah, just leave it to me! I've even got some ready for the Goblin Banquet!
*The boys from 2-F had all played various roles.*
Yamato: You were a huge part of our victory, Kuma-chan.
Mitsuru: I-I was?
Shouichi: Yeah, Kuma-chan. You're the kind of guy who comes through in a pinch.
Mitsuru: But I ruined the bread-eating competition.
Gakuto: Yeah, that took the nerve out of me.
Chris: To think you would eat all the bread hanging from the ropes.
Yamato: I don't think any of the teachers anticipated that either.
*The others, still running about, seemed equally confused.*
Chika: It totally seemed like foul play, but thanks to you, Naocchi, everything turned out all right.
Yamato: No one tried to argue that, so we were fine.
*I had to manage not just the games, but also stuff like this.*
Yamato: So then, time for the army relay race.
Miyako: You'll be running in it, too, right?
Yamato: It's time for me to strut my stuff. And we need to start by boosting our morale.
*By the way, I would be running the first leg.*
Hideo: It seems Our time is finally at hand.
Hideo: Our clan shall be the one to reign at the top!
Yamato: All right. Good luck.
Hideo: We need not such words of encouragement, commoner.
Hideo: For victory has already been assured.
*I held back the urge to poke fun at his fundoshi underwear.*
*The other armies had made their anchor their fastest runner, so most of the leadoff runners had only middling speed.*
Yamato: I'll admit, turning things around during the final leg is definitely cool.
*But if you wanted to win, that was the wrong way to do it.*
*Seiryuu was going to have a huge lead from start to finish.*
*The second the pistol fired, I was off.*
Yamato: I'm in first!
Yamato: Kouhai, let your youth carry you at full speed to victory!
*Those were my instructions to the spirited freshman as I handed him the baton.*
*He managed to increase our lead, but then the baton passed to a slow-footed upperclassman.*
Yamato: Don't push yourself. Just focus on making a good handoff.
*Our fourth runner still had the lead, but it was a small one.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Such slowness! Such pitiful slowness! Or do you enjoy life in the slow lane?!
*The upperclassman was big-hearted and kind, so he responded to Kuki's words with just a wry grin.*
Hideo: Where we run, not a single weed will ever sprout!
*He trampled over the sports field on his way to the next runner.*
Hideo: Take this, Jun! If your hands prove as slippery as your head, you shall receive a waxing so bright that the entire neighborhood will complain!
Jun: That's a scary thought.
Jun: Hm... I guess I'll give it my all!
*As 2-S hardened its resolve, the dissonance in our ranks fell.*
Jun: Watch me run, 2-F Class Rep!
Hideo: Oh, what tremendous speed. Well done.
Yamato: Now that you mention it, doesn't he just wind up being good at everything?
*He was as fast as you'd expect from a guy known for jumping up stairs five steps at a time.*
Jun: Go enjoy your victory lap, Kazama.
Shouichi: You think I'm gonna take it easy? I'm gonna go lap them all!
*The anchor was Capt, of course.*
Shouichi: You might be a lap behind, but I'm always gonna be the one who finishes in front!
*He actually wound up lapping the other armies and was the first to cut through the goal-line tape.*
Kazuko: I don't know the exact score, but we must've come in first!
Chris: Still, that was an excellent battle.
Miyako: But if the sports festival were a knockout tournament, Momo-senpai would be the sole winner for sure.
Gakuto: I put forth a tremendous effort. Some girls must have fallen for me.
Takuya: ...When you see how many points we got from the relay, my own contribution seems so small.
Yamato: Just do better next time.
Takuya: But it's like this every time. I'm so pathetic.
Yamato: Don't let it get to you, Moro. You did well.
Shouichi: We're all pals here. Just leave it to me, and we're all good.
Takuya: Hahaha. You're so reliable.
Takuya: (Which just points out how unreliable I am...)
*......*
Takuya: Why do I always have to be like this? Am I not working hard enough?
*I wanted something, just one thing, that I was the best at.*
Takuya: It'd have to be something to do with computers. Even Yamato's not as good as me, I think.
*I'd thought it impossible, so I hadn't done anything until now.*
Takuya: But I can start thinking about it, little by little.
*I must have been really tired that night. I fell asleep surprisingly quickly.*
*--Early in the week after the sports festival.*
Hideo: We are famished! Let Our stomach be filled!
Kokoro: What in the world is that buffoon saying?
Hideo: Your king has made a request. Commoner, fulfill your duty to provide Us with nourishment.
Kokoro: I am no commoner, so you clearly aren't talking to me.
Margit: I have no duty to provide you rations.
Hideo: Given that Our capable maid and Our dear friend, along with his companion, are all absent, you commoners must work together to fulfill Our needs.
Margit: Your remark is more outrageous than what I hear in the military.
Kokoro: Aoi-kun is one thing, but Inoue and Yukie are absent, too?
Hideo: Though normally We would not place such gruel in Our mouth, but today cafeteria food shall be permitted. Bring some to Us.
Margit: One is obligated to eat cafeteria provisions where they are served.
Kokoro: And a hero should be able to go to the cafeteria on his own.
Hideo: Would not an action taken by a hero on his own set a poor example, Fushikawa?
Kokoro: What's the point of a hero who's all bark and no bite?!
Margit: You talk a big game, Kokoro, when Azumi's not around.
Kokoro: Old though this reference may be, you make me want to snap, crackle, and pop!
Margit: The age is bad enough, but you must comprehend how decidedly uncouth that reference is.
Hideo: Heh. Very well. Let this too be a part of a king's whimsy. We shall go to the cafeteria, for sport.
*......*
Gakuto: What's happening? Where's the meat? What did you do with the meat?!
Takuya: Today's lunch is completely fish.
Gakuto: If the lunch got's no bloody meat, I don't eat.
Takuya: You're just a carnivore, then?
Gakuto: I'm goin' to pop out to Mack G's. See ya.
Takuya: Their meals have so many calories...
Gakuto: I'll just turn it all into muscle. Doin' that over and over again is how you build a nice guy body.
Takuya: There he goes. I wonder if he'll make it back in time for class.
Hideo: Mwahaha. Where can We find the VIP seating?
*When Hideo approached, everyone looked away, looking uncomfortable.*
Hideo: Is the brilliance of Our authority so bright you must avert your gazes, commoners?
Hideo: Let that not rest heavy on your hearts, for it is right and just that you do so.
Hideo: Whatever is this? Though We press the button, nothing appears.
*Of course nothing did. He was just blindly pushing the button without inserting any money.*
Hideo: How dare a mere machine waste Our time?
Hideo: Perhaps We shall dismantle you!
Takuya: Hey, hey, you're talking to yourself really loudly!
Hideo: Hm? Are you not one of the ones who regularly accompanies Kazuko-dono?
Hideo: We remember you... Yes, you are most certainly Morocco!
Takuya: That's the first time I've ever been called a country. It's Morooka.
Hideo: A true hero must not waste time on trifling details.
Hideo: We will, just this once, overlook how you talked back to me.
Takuya: Ooh, I guess my retort didn't work.
Hideo: More importantly, We, a world treasure, are famished and starving. As a life form on this planet, there is something you must do.
Takuya: Usually, that's being the straight man. But, well... Do you have any money?
Hideo: The world economy lies in Our hands. Ergo, every coin in circulation is Kuki money.
Hideo: However, this time you may use this money that We literally have in Our hand.
Takuya: Oh, okay, then we'll take this and...
*I bought him a meal ticket and guided him to the counter.*
Takuya: That's how you exchange your ticket for food.
Hideo: What a terribly primitive methodology. Yet there is amusement in the occasional experience of such things.
Takuya: There's an open seat in the middle.
Hideo: Do you dare suggest We sit amongst the common folk?!
Takuya: But from here, everyone can see you. And isn't the top of the world not its edges, but rather its center?
Hideo: Hm. Indeed, there is logic in such.
*While he ate...*
Hideo: Hm. Junk food tastes better than We had thought.
Takuya: The food here is usually good.
Hideo: Then We have learned another fact. For that, you shall be rewarded. Name your prize.
Takuya: Huh? No, there's no need.
Hideo: Humility is a virtue, but a tepid mindset. A true man must always aim for the heavens.
Takuya: I get that a lot. But I don't think of amazing things like you do.
Hideo: Heh. That is quite proper.
Azumi: Hideo-samaaaaaa! I'm back!
Hideo: You are late, Azumi! You have ignored Our plight!
Azumi: I will accept any punishment you give.
Hideo: However, We are in a good mood, for this one has satisfied Our hunger, so you have Our pardon.
Azumi: Thank you... Kh. Very much! 
Takuya: Hm? Your expression looked a bit different for a second there.
Hideo: Azumi, if anything should happen, you are to lend him your strength.
Takuya: It's fine, really. So then, I'll be leaving.
Hideo: Mwahaha! Then farewell!
Takuya: (Wasn't there a VN like this, where the protagonist aided a rich young lady?)
Takuya: (But in my case, I aided a man. Because of course things never go perfect in real life.)
Takuya: ...Oh, right, I never ate anything myself.
Gakuto: I bought some food for you too, Moro. Forget the calories and eat some more meat.
Takuya: Normally I'd ask you to mind your own business, but right now, you're a lifesaver. Ahaha.
*......*
Yamato: Sounds like it was noisy today in the cafeteria.
Takuya: Yeah. Kuki showed up.
Yamato: Has he ever been there before?
Takuya: Seeing him act as spirited as he always does, in the midst of all those people, really is exhausting.
Gakuto: Then don't worry about it. It's too much.
Takuya: He almost destroyed the meal ticket machine. That would've been way more trouble.
Yamato: He's someone you have to keep a careful eye on.
Gakuto: You said it.
Yamato: So then, did something happen?
Takuya: Well, he said some things.
Miyako: It's nothing to worry about. They're the words of a madman.
Takuya: That's true. But still, they made me think.
Yamato: Don't overthink this. You'll go crazy yourself.
*Still, it was strange for Moro to be so influenced by Kuki's words.*
Suguru: My brother, what are you doing for this summer's ComiFes?
Takuya: We've got semester finals to worry about first.
Suguru: True. Perhaps it would be dangerous to perform too badly.
Takuya: So then, about that thing...
Suguru: Now that you mention it, your pace has slackened lately.
Takuya: Once summer break starts, I'll dive back in.
Suguru: I have no issue there. The plan was always to focus on it during our extended breaks...
Suguru: However, you said before that you intended to take your time. This is sudden.
Takuya: I'm not so sure taking my time is the right call anymore. I need to just get something done.
Suguru: There is that. You were going almost too slowly.
Takuya: I don't know how much I can do, but I want to find out.
*......*
*Guidance counseling preceeded our exams.*
Umeko: So your dream, Morooka, is to be a game developer.
Takuya: Yes.
*One by one, she took the time to counsel each of us.*
Umeko: First, look me in the eyes.
Takuya: Ooh... That's kind of awkward.
Umeko: Normally, I would whip you for a lack of passion, but that doesn't seem to be your issue.
*She thoroughly understood her students' personalities.*
Takuya: I'm not good at talking with people. Especially girls.
Umeko: I am aware. However, making a game will require you to give presentations and project pitches.
Takuya: Yes, I know.
Umeko: Project proposers and directors of all sorts, not just those in games, frequently tackle such tasks.
Umeko: I'm confident you can make a presentation on a computer, but that skill pales in comparison to the ability to convey your determination.
Takuya: My determination, huh...
Umeko: And not every developer is a man. You need to be able to deal with women as easily as men.
Takuya: I know what I have to face. And I know I have to change.
Umeko: You need determination to make the product as grand as your dream -- to fight back against dissent. A muddied vision leads to trash products.
Takuya: There's a lot of works that feel like they fell victim to that. But mine won't.
Umeko: Creation is a noble endeavor. Remain diligent.
*......*
Yamato: There were a lot of cryptic ambushes, but I made it through.
Gakuto: I was just happy to spend a long time together with a lady.
Kazuko: What do you mean? You took forever.
Gakuto: I mean, how can I talk about my dreams when I live in the moment?
Chris: That simply will not do.
Yamato: That explains why it went long.
Gakuto: She's goin' to ask me again after exams. And we'll get to spend even more time alone together.
Shouichi: But that's such a pain. Just get it over with already.
Gakuto: She's goin' to scold me endlessly, all for my sake. Tell me that doesn't sound arousing.
Shouichi: That makes zero sense. I'd be pissed.
Yamato: I mean, I think he deserves all the anger he's getting.
*I had no idea what would make it arousing.*
Miyako: She told me to stop once I started talking about my plans for my second year of married life. And I had so much more to say.
Gakuto: Tales of a lovey-dovey life must be torture for a 28-year-old single.
Yamato: And since I went after Miyako, I had to talk to her about that stuff too.
Gakuto: So that's what you meant by 'ambushes'.
Miyako: Our homeroom teacher is our matchmaker? How novel.
Takuya: I really don't think she thought of herself that way.
Chris: In that case, what did you talk about?
Yamato: She basically tried to give me advice on how to deal with a stalker. She suggested I have a conversation with her.
Miyako: That's right. I have to ask Yamato what his plans are too.
*If only things were that simple.*
Chris: Moro, you spent a long time in there too.
Takuya: She had a lot of retorts to what I had to say.
Shouichi: So what I'm hearing here is, the retorter has become the retortee.
Gakuto: I guess Ms. Ume puts even you on your back foot.
Takuya: But she probably would've whipped me if I actually tried to play the comic to her straight woman.
Yamato: That's a scary thought, being whipped every time you act dumb.
Chris: I would think the problem lies with your less than serious attitude.
Takuya: Regardless, she's amazing. She's a teacher, but she still knows so much about other professions.
Chris: Now that you mention it, I was surprised by her extensive knowledge of the military.
Shouichi: She asked me where I specifically wanted to go to. Guess she knows tons of stuff even outside of her subject.
Yamato: She must've looked into all of the professions we put down on our forms.
Gakuto: For every student? Damn!
*I was a little moved.*
Yamato: Teachers are ultimately public servants, so I assumed they took things easy behind the scenes.
Shouichi: Yeah, you'd get that impression, looking at Beardy.
Yamato: Not that anyone in 2-S really needs guidance counseling.
Kazuko: So Ms. Ume must really take pride in her work.
Chris: Her normal strictness also speaks to that.
Takuya: So then, I'm going to start up after tests.
Yamato: You're finally getting down to it?
Chris: Were you in the middle of something?
Takuya: I'm making a game with Suguru.
Chris: That is the first I have heard of it.
*Most of the Kazama Family didn't really play games, so we'd never brought it up.*
Takuya: We started talking about it during the new year orientation.
Yamato: You're better than me at gathering information off the net. All I can do is give you advice.
Takuya: Suguru's helping out, but I want to do this myself.
Yamato: Make something that fits your vision.
Gakuto: Especially since you're the kind of guy who gets easily led astray.
Takuya: It's what I want to make, so I'm sure I'll be fine.
Miyako: I hope so.
Takuya: I'm going to make something you can all be proud of.
*A fire had been lit under Moro.*
Takuya: So then, I'll be spending Saturdays making the game with Suguru.
Shouichi: Sweet. Sounds good to me. Good luck!
Miyako: And you can still make the meetings.
Yamato: You're not the first to arrange something like that. Take Wanko, for instance.
Kazuko: When you aim high, you have to.
*Even Capt couldn't hang out when he was busy working.*
Yukie: If I work harder, maybe I can make more friends too?
Yamato: Don't rush things too much. Wait for the time to be ripe.
Chris: I think you, Yamato, would do well to feel more pressured.
Yamato: What's important is to have a vast number of friends, go on to college, and make new friends from elsewhere.
Yukie: That sounds wonderful!
Matsukaze: Yo, you gotta give my girl Mayucchi some of your patented advice!
Gakuto: You sound desperate, Mayucchi.
Momoyo: Why can't everyone else see how charming Mayu-Mayu is?
Matsukaze: Right? All my girl wants is some friends.
Yamato: Didn't I already figure that out?
*Between the sword and the glare, of course everyone kept their distance.*
Momoyo: Friends come naturally. Just take it easy and wait. Ooh, I sounded just like a cool big sister just now.
Yamato: And then you had to go and sing your own praises.
Matsukaze: You're a big shot, Momo-senpai.
Gakuto: You're not much below her yourself.
Yukie: I wouldn't say I'm -- I mean...
Takuya: I really like the feel of this. Maybe I can use it in my game.
Momoyo: Great, so you're saying I'll get my fee?
*She demanded royalties before it was even used.*
Miyako: (Maybe I'll try saying something a little mean.)
Miyako: Is your game more important to you than being together with your friends?
Takuya: Huh? W-Well, I mean, uh...
Miyako: Heh heh heh. I'm kidding. I don't think that at all.
Gakuto: You're carryin' out your will, right? If you're bothered by a little teasing, you've got no hope.
Takuya: But it's not like I can deny what she said.
Yamato: Miyako, try asking me the same question.
Miyako: What's more important, me or your work?!
Yamato: I'm sorry I made you feel that way.
Miyako: Mm-hm. And I'm sorry I was so selfish.
Chris: What just happened?
Momoyo: Forget the answer -- the question itself was completely different.
Yamato: It was essentially the same logical problem about noticing feelings.
Kazuko: Oh, like feeling lonely.
Yukie: Are we talking about loneliness?
Gakuto: Hey, hey, could we please explain things in a way I can understand?
Yamato: Choosing which girl matters more to you is a choice you can make, but you can't choose only work or only friends.
*But there were other ways of dealing with such sophism.*
Miyako: But my womanly heart wishes you'd said 'only lovers' instead of 'only friends'.
Yamato: I'd never step on that landmine.
Miyako: Tch... So close.
Chris: I still do not understand. How does this present conversation tie in to Yamato's answer?
*Someone who spoke her mind so frankly could never understand this mentality.*
Yamato: Then say the same thing Miyako said.
Chris: Wh-What is more important, me or your work?! Oh, I feel so embarrassed.
Yamato: That's an illogical question. You and my job are both important to me.
Chris: How can you speak to me like that? I am extremely irritated!
Yamato: As we can see, a combative response only makes things worse. A man has to start by apologizing.
Takuya: I get it. You've really spent time thinking about this.
Chris: Hm. I can understand how that would be aggravating.
Yamato: It's an effective way to speak to someone who's only thinking about themselves.
Yamato: Which makes it key knoweldge for an office worker, who's often between a rock and a hard place.
Miyako: You already have the knowledge you'll need for the future? Make sure to grant my dream, too.
Yamato: For now, let's be friends.
Miyako: I've said this before, but I'd be okay with you using me until you meet your true love.
Momoyo: What an earnest lover. It brings a tear to my eye.
Yamato: People with opposing views usually go on the attack, so it's best to understand their aims and come up with a sound response.
Takuya: I'll try to be more careful.
*Which was easy to say, but...*
Waitress: So please call me once you've decided what to order.
Suguru: The 3D world is laden with bad manners. I can smell the idiocy on her breath.
Takuya: A lot of stuff happened during May. It wasn't really my fault, but...
Suguru: Well, so be it. Let us simultaneously study and have our meeting.
Takuya: By the way, why come to a family restaurant?
Suguru: It is the ideal place for a meeting.
Takuya: It does have that sort of air, yeah.
Suguru: Such things are key for a creator.
Takuya: Yeah. It gives motivation.
Suguru: We will now proceed to craft our Magnum Opus, to reform the 2D world. Mankind will evolve from the third dimension into the second!
Takuya: But that's devolution! Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to shout.
Waitress: They really do give me the creeps. When the buzzer rings, I'll ask one of the boys to go.
Takuya: I can hear them gossiping. And it's kind of shocking.
Suguru: Concern yourself not with them. Let the 2D filter in your mind mask their vile gazes.
Takuya: Yeah, that's a little...
Suguru: In tsundere terms, right now is the 'tsun' period.
Takuya: That's a positive way to spin it.
Suguru: We should be fine studying only the scope of the test. More importantly, let us revise our plans.
Takuya: Huh? Things shouldn't have changed that much from last time...?
Suguru: Oh, my brother, ComiFes is a battle -- a war.
Takuya: We were actually selected. That was a shock.
Suguru: Only one in four are. We have overcome our first trial.
Takuya: Should we really be using up all of our luck already?
Suguru: What else would we use our luck on? Do not grow timid on me, my brother.
Takuya: I guess so. And I really believe I can write a good story. How about we focus on the details?
Suguru: Why not truly break free and repaint the world in the dyes of 2D?
Takuya: Huh? But that's clearly impossible. Let's just try to create something that can make us a little money.
Suguru: Argh, you think so small! So very, very small! Yours are the thoughts of a loser.
Takuya: Wh-Where'd that come from?!
Suguru: I have no intention of fighting this battle, only to lose it.
Takuya: I-I don't either! I mean--
Suguru: Then good. Let us put our battle plans on hold until finals are concluded.
Takuya: Yeah. I'm looking forward to it.
Suguru: Let us cut through the battlefield, together.
*They shared a firm handshake.*
*Ms. Ume handed back our tests.*
Umeko: Poor students who underperformed the expected average should feel ashamed and spend summer break bringing their scores back up. That is all.
Mitsuru: Maybe not enough sugar got to my brain? I need to eat more sweet things. *munch, munch*
Ikurou: Well, when the average was so low, what can you do?
*People were quick to offer excuses.*
Shouichi: There's no one out there who can get in the way of my summer break!
Tadakatsu: That's that. No F's means I ain't in hot water.
Suguru: Hmm. The moderate amount of time I assigned to studying has prevented my INT score from falling.
Mayo: I can't fall so low that they revoke my scholarship.
Chika: I managed somehow, and Mayo, it's totally thanks to you. It's an odd birthday present, but I love it.
Yamato: I maintained my grades this time too.
Gakuto: And I maintained mine.
Miyako: Why would you want to maintain such bad grades?
Kazuko: Dodging extra classes is all that counts. How do you think everybody else did?
*Everyone did the same as ever.*
Takuya: H... Huh?
*Save for one.*
Gakuto: Oh, I smell a friend. Show me your scores!
Takuya: Hey, don't look!
Gakuto: What's the big deal? You did better than me.
Kazuko: If he did worse than you, Gakuto, he would've burned the answer sheet.
Gakuto: Then show me yours, Wanko. (He flipped through it.)
Kazuko: Wawawa!
Gakuto: You did worse than me. So, you're burnin' it?
Kazuko: If I did, Grandpa would kill me! And if I show him... maybe he'll take away my snacks?
Kazuko: Wah, that's awful, too! Save me, Yamato!
Yamato: Don't ask the impossible.
*Hers had been a very low-level struggle.*
*Actually, back up. Were my friends doing fine in school?*
*I called an emergency meeting to check over everyone's test results.*
Chris: You did rather well, Mayucchi.
Yukie: It was my first semester test, so I tried really hard.
Kazuko: I can definitely see a lot of intensity in how you look right now.
Yamato: We don't have any midterms, so mistakes here are painful.
*Semester tests were the biggest factor determining our grades.*
Momoyo: I'm going to be training as a warrior after graduation. Grades mean nothing to me.
*Nee-san had only just passed.*
Yamato: Unless you don't graduate, in which case you'll go from senpai to classmate.
Momoyo: But you'll always be my lil' bro. That won't change. Not now, or ever.
Yukie: I can feel myself tearing up.
Momoyo: Right?
Yamato: Enough, just make sure you graduate on time.
Takuya: Ugh... I'm not looking forward to my report card this semester.
Yamato: You really did do worse than normal.
Miyako: But it's fine. You didn't fail.
Takuya: Y-Yeah...
Yamato: It's because you were working on your game, right? Handling both at once must have been hard.
Takuya: Yeah, I did study as much as normal, but...
Kazuko: It feels like it's gotten humid in here. I'll go open the door.
Takuya: ...Ugh, I'm no good at all.
Miyako: You've been sighing a lot.
Takuya: I can't believe I'm hearing that from you. But what am I supposed to do?
Shouichi: Don't beat yourself up. What's in the past is in the past.
*Damn, Moro looked pretty down in the dumps.*
*......*
*I didn't fail, so I was fine? No big deal? It happens?*
*Their words cheered me up, but I still felt empty inside.*
Takuya: This is so frustrating. How can kind words be so frustrating?
*I was like a kid shaking under the pressure at a sports day.*
*It didn't matter whether it was how they truly felt, or just a white lie. Either way...*
Takuya: It hurts.
*I knew that none of my friends meant anything bad. That they all had my interests at heart.*
Takuya: I can't believe being supported by my friends is this painful.
*Their words of encouragement at the sports festival had been the same way.*
*I did my best, but nothing came of it, so they tried to support me, but that only meant--*
Takuya: No. I can't think that way.
*I didn't want to throw a childish temper tantrum, or cry.*
*That would be a thousand times lamer.*
Takuya: But there is something that I, and only I, can do.
*Which was exactly why I needed not to screw up my game.*
*I needed to sell it, and show everyone what I'd accomplished.*
Takuya: Maybe I should organize all of the ideas in my head.
*And thus did Takuya spend another sleepless night.*
Momoyo: It's our first big vacation since we grew to nine.
Yamato: Well, there was Golden Week.
*Though to be fair, that was when our bonds grew strong.*
Miyako: Now I can stay inside to my heart's content.
Kazuko: We've got a bad apple here!
Miyako: Where did you ever learn that awful phrase?!
Kazuko: Wawawa! Why are you angry at me?!
*The closing ceremony had finished, and we dove into summer. Today was Saturday.*
Shouichi: I wanna go on a trip somewhere with everybody, but...
Takuya: But from now until Obon is crunch time.
Shouichi: And it'd be weird for just some of us to go.
Takuya: Don't mind me. Feel free to go by yourselves.
Gakuto: But I've got no money.
Momoyo: Me neither.
Shouichi: I don't have any myself. Though if I'm on my own, I'd figure a way around being fresh out of cash.
*That ruled out a trip.*
Chris: I was considering returning to Lubeck with Mar-san. Surely my father is troubled without me.
Gakuto: Though we're the ones who actually have to deal with you.
Yukie: I was also thinking of returning home.
Matsukaze: You're missin' that ol' Sea of Japan, aren't ya.
Kazuko: I'm going to spend all of break practicing. And Assistant Master Lu said he'd help me too.
*Everyone else seemed busy too.*
Yamato: We did go to Hakone during Golden Week this year, so there's no need to force ourselves.
Shouichi: If we're heading off anywhere, it'll be during the second half of break.
Momoyo: Then I'll use the first half to dominate the beach. How big do you think my harem can get?
Gakuto: That sounds like a dream -- take me with you.
Momoyo: Sure, so long as you can keep up. Oh, and I should mention that, with a little effort, I can break the sound barrier.
Gakuto: How fast is the speed of sound?
Yamato: It's at least faster than a train.
Gakuto: Geh, seriously?!
*Which meant she never needed to use public transportation.*
Yamato: But are you sure you don't want any help, Moro?
Takuya: I've already pinned down everything I need.
Yamato: Nice.
Miyako: Nice.
Takuya: I mean, it's not like it's already done or anything.
Shouichi: When you do finish, you gotta let me play.
Takuya: Oh, it's not the kind of game you'd like.
Shouichi: That's for me to decide. I'm never gonna let anyone choose what I get to like!
Takuya: Hmm. If Capt's going to play, then I should...
Yamato: Should what?
Takuya: I have to consider the sort of thing Capt would like.
Shouichi: Hm?
*Something about that statement felt dangerous.*
Yamato: Nah, you don't need to think about that too hard.
Takuya: I really am lost...
Yamato: You are?
*Still, I had a feeling I shouldn't say anything more.*
*Thus began Moro's hellish days.*
*--Day 1.*
Takuya: So I'll write the scenario.
Suguru: And I will proofread it. I have selected art and sound specialists from amongst our brethren to handle those tasks.
Takuya: It's incredible that you know people like that.
Suguru: All are warriors guided to the halls of ComiFes.
Takuya: Didn't you meet when you all went to ComiFes wearing ghillie suits?
Suguru: One need simply put a roll of burlap and camo netting over his clothes. A cinch, compared to cosplay.
Takuya: Didn't the staff stop you guys, saying cosplay was forbidden outside the convention hall?
Suguru: Yes. Ah, how young I was then.
Takuya: You haven't been going to ComiFes for that long.
Suguru: Now, we are friends who can laugh together even without wearing camouflage.
Takuya: Your relationships are definitely surreal.
Suguru: One of their number works in sound, and he introduced me to an artist.
Takuya: I still can't believe they really work on independent stuff.
Suguru: Our music shall be first-rate, for he has the ability to write pieces consumers will like.
Takuya: We'll use free material for backgrounds, and use S Scripter for the software, since it's also free.
Suguru: Leave the scripting to me, the Mad Scripter.
Takuya: I have no idea who calls you that, but I'm counting on you.
Suguru: Our brothers will be compensated by shares of the money earned from sales.
Takuya: Normally, there'd be an upfront fee. That's a life-saver.
Suguru: All that remains is a battle for perfection.
Takuya: I'm getting nervous.
Suguru: At any rate, all begins with the making of the raw materials.
Takuya: I'm going to hurry straight home and get to work.
Suguru: Wouldn't it be faster if we worked together?
Takuya: If you were watching, I'd feel so awkward... I wouldn't be able to work as fast.
Suguru: I understand. Motivation is certainly key.
*--Day 2.*
Takuya: Time for our regular reports.
Suguru: I've started playing with S Scripter. My progress is better than expected.
Takuya: I've written 10KB of the scenario.
Suguru: That is the average amount a writer produces in a day.
Takuya: The fastest writers are supposed to be incredible, but this is my limit.
Suguru: I fear we might not make the deadline... Oh yes, I have prepared the color sample you asked me for.
Takuya: Let me see.
*The two of us looked over the hues.*
Takuya: Uh, well, it feels nice, but...
*The colors used an anime style that's been popular recently, but what Takuya had in mind was something more like watercolor.*
Suguru: What's wrong? Is there some problem?
Takuya: It's not quite what I had in mind.
Suguru: In what way?
Takuya: I wanted to go with something less fanciful and more like what's in Autumn.
Suguru: That is a simple, yet terribly abstract view.
Takuya: It's kind of hard to explain, yeah.
Suguru: Recall that our backgrounds are free. An Autumn-like style would not work with that.
Takuya: Oh, yeah, you have a point. Then let's stick with this.
Suguru: I shall read your scenario later. Until tomorrow, then.
*--Day 3.*
Takuya: I had to clean my house and stuff, so I only managed to write 5KB.
Suguru: That is fortunate. I looked over the script, and it lacked impact.
Takuya: Huh? Well... The beginning of the story's going to be like that. It'll make you cry by the end.
Suguru: Nothing is more important for success than a good first impression. We must leave a mark on our readers' minds.
Takuya: But this isn't really that sort of work.
Suguru: Don't you remember Beardy's words? We cannot guarantee a next time.
Takuya: I understand that, but...
Suguru: Include every idea you can think of, so long as time permits.
Takuya: I mean, I've got a lot of things I want to try.
Suguru: As do I. I've already begun preparing and inserting the raw materials.
Takuya: Wait, what are you inserting?
Suguru: Consider it a surprise for when we finish.
Takuya: Well, since I don't have time to check, I'll let it be for now.
Suguru: Also, draw the storyboard for the event CGs.
Takuya: Huh? I'm drawing them?!
Suguru: Somebody must. I could draw them if you wished, but...
Takuya: No. It's my idea, so I'll do it.
Suguru: Our brothers are also busy preparing for ComiFes. They would prefer all of them to be prepared within the week.
Takuya: Huh? That's too sudden!
Suguru: You have my sympathies, but such is the nature of the war known as ComiFes.
Takuya: This is my first time. There's so much I don't understand.
Suguru: Yet such words are but an excuse. The road is steep!
Takuya: I was naive. I'll pull myself together and do my best.
*--Day 4.*
Takuya: Are these good for the storyboards?
Suguru: Stick figures? Surely you jest! They are incomprehensible!
Takuya: Capt could probably do a better job, but I don't have a clue how.
Suguru: We can include some event CG from others' games. Let's search through from my zip file stash.
Takuya: Whoa, this is huge! And they're all compressed, too.
Suguru: Because of its size, I had to make a zip file for each work.
Takuya: I'm running low on time to write the... No, I can't make excuses.
Suguru: It seems you have come to understand. The sound files should arrive tomorrow.
*--Day 5.*
Takuya: This isn't the tune we ordered.
Suguru: Then we must play things by ear, and revise the scenario.
Takuya: Huh? But if we change this, the plot won't make sense.
Suguru: Managing that is your job, director.
Takuya: Ooh, if you put it that way...
*--Day 6.*
Takuya: ... *yawn*
Suguru: Sleep not! You will fail!
Takuya: Ah! I feel like I've become a shounen manga author.
Suguru: Our struggles are a pittance compared to theirs. Demonic editors will wring a manuscript from their bones if they have to.
Suguru: Their default life is confinement within an apartment rented by the week!
Takuya: That sounds rough. Too rough.
*--Day 7.*
Takuya: Doesn't this music sound off?
Suguru: There is no time to recompose the work. Simply leaving it unused would be the wisest course.
Takuya: But there's no other piece that fits this part.
Suguru: A director must be able to work under limitations.
Takuya: That does ring true.
*--Day 8.*
Takuya: What do we do, Suguru? They can't guarantee us voice actors?
Suguru: Hey, hey. Users are very particular over voicework.
Takuya: We ordered the work ahead of time, so I thought we'd be fine.
Suguru: Perhaps they belittled us for being an independent group. Never again shall we use that production company.
Takuya: They said they don't have enough material to start working on it. But that can't be right.
Suguru: If that were true, they would have informed us at an earlier stage.
Takuya: We have to find a new place to work with, fast.
Suguru: No. Make them take responsibility and finish their work. Should they fail to do so, let us sue.
Takuya: I don't think there's any need to--
Suguru: My brother, I shall not allow this treachery to stand.
Suguru: Our work is sacred, and must be treated as such!
Takuya: I don't like this either, but you're being really extreme.
Suguru: They need but prove their sincerity, and all will be fine.
Suguru: Perhaps we can demand a discount.
Takuya: I'll leave that to you.
*--Day 9.*
Takuya: Whew. I've finished writing the first half!
Suguru: No... This is wrong.
Suguru: This cannot be -- How?!
Takuya: Huh? Where are you looking?
Suguru: This is utterly lacking in sex-appeal. Fanservice may be geared towards the general public, yet it is surefire and fundamental!
Suguru: Would you call a story without such a true romance? I say no!
Takuya: But we can't use any of the CG's for that.
Suguru: Put them in, even if you must scrap the ending.
Takuya: ...Fine.
*--Day 10.*
Takuya: Hey, this CG looks just like the sample!
Suguru: Tracing and using cutouts are common practices in the industry.
Takuya: I guess, if you say so, but...
Suguru: In all honesty, such compositions are common. It is no issue.
Suguru: Look. The art is not exactly traced. It only looks that way.
Takuya: I feel like I've been brainwashed.
Suguru: I trust this isn't what you really wanted to show me. How goes the scenario?
Takuya: Well, the plot's hit a snag.
Suguru: Let me see. Ah, yandere is an archetype currently popular with the masses.
Suguru: For now, have her try to kill him.
Takuya: Huh? Are you sure yanderes are still popular?
Suguru: The moe genre is undergoing an incubation period.
Takuya: That's the first I've heard of it!
Suguru: At any rate, I want to see a yandere that surpasses even Marikichi.
Takuya: You're making this too much like Autumn! And you're the one who said we should stay away from that.
Suguru: That was when we were discussing backgrounds. Autumn is life.
Takuya: There's no way we can surpass the scene where the guy asks how to make money with magic, and then they go to a consumer credit company!
Suguru: Ah, that scene always brings me to tears.
Takuya: I know, right? It perfectly illustrates the darkness of modern society.
Suguru: In modern society? You would dare try to tie Autumn to this despicable 3D realm? How dare you!
Takuya: But you can't deny the connections.
Suguru: Listen. Autumn is life. That means--
Takuya: But that scene is--
Waitress: They've been here way too long when they've only ordered drinks. Those two are seriously total creeps.
*--Day 11.*
Takuya: We really took too much time yesterday.
Suguru: Conversing about Autumn cost me all sense of time.
Takuya: I somehow managed to find some novices to do the voicework.
Suguru: Novices, you say? How fare their performances?
Takuya: I had good first impressions of them. They were just what I wanted. That's my opinion, as director.
Suguru: If you feel that way, Moro, then I shall say no more.
Takuya: How goes the scripting?
Suguru: I can do no more without the scenario.
Takuya: Sorry. I'll have it for you soon.
Suguru: In the meantime, I will prepare the materials.
*--Day 12.*
Takuya: At any rate, I've written through to the end.
Suguru: The recordings will be finished in two days. Our deadline is five days before ComiFes.
Takuya: But that's the day after recordings!
Suguru: Voiced lines are few. Do the editing yourself, and we will succeed. I shall put the finishing touches on the script and debug.
Takuya: But there's no time to check over the voices, or check your script.
Suguru: My brain had calculated that this way is the fastest.
Takuya: Time isn't the problem.
Suguru: Then do you propose we drop the project?
Takuya: If the alternative is to release something half-baked, then...
Suguru: I ask you again: Do you propose we drop the project?
Takuya: Ooh... There's no way we can drop it now, is there?
Suguru: You would never be allowed to join another indie group. Even if the work is received poorly, there will be other opportunities.
Takuya: But that's not what you said before. Back then, you said we should treat this as our only shot.
Suguru: One must adapt. Circumstances always change.
Takuya: Maybe, I guess...
*--Day 13.*
Suguru: I haven't finished typing up the script, but I thought I would hand you what is done.
Takuya: Even drinking my coffee black isn't waking me up.
Takuya: And worse, I don't think my stomach's liking this...
Suguru: I too have spent every day in a heavenly state. The world spins around me.
Takuya: Why am I going through all this?
Suguru: You must not lose heart.
Suguru: The end is near. Stay strong.
*--Day 14.*
Takuya: I know the recordings happen, but I can't remember any of it.
Suguru: Nor can I, yet they are certainly finished.
Takuya: Oh, I edited the text.
Suguru: Hey, now. I've been editing it while inserting it into the script.
Takuya: Oh, that's right. Now what do we do?
Suguru: With the recordings finished, the script is the top priority. Let us handle corrections to the scenario afterwards, if time permits.
Suguru: Actually producing content has proven difficult...
Suguru: Perhaps I should endeavor to be less critical of games...
Suguru: No! Such thoughts are mistaken!
Suguru: The user can have no consideration for what happened behind the scenes. He must simply judge a game based on his enjoyment.
*--Day 15.*
Takuya: We're done. All the major bugs are fixed.
Takuya: We've made it. We've finally made it!
Suguru: Good. Now, let us send it to press!
Suguru: Oh, my eyes are glittering...
*And so all of the work was finished. However...*
*It was the first day of ComiFes.*
*Moro and Suguru were both participating in a group together.*
Shouichi: Whoa... How much more clicking do I gotta do?
*We were playing the sample product Moro had set up.*
Gakuto: Ugh. Her head's floatin' -- is she a ghost?!
Yamato: Well, things like that happen.
Yamato: Though it's a good thing Nee-san didn't see it.
Shouichi: The animation here's slow. Why's that?
Gakuto: Overall, it feels cheap.
Yamato: That beats a softlock. I don't know what even caused it.
Shouichi: Hey, the save data's corrupted!
*Hmm... It was definitely kusoge. I couldn't have said whether it was so bad it was good, or just plain bad...*
*But right now, I'd put it in the latter category.*
Yamato: And the story is nothing like what Moro was describing before. It was supposed to be a tale from a town in the good old days, but...
*The setting was the historic shrine at the heart of the near-future city of KAWAKAMI.*
Gakuto: Looks like a normal town to me?
Shouichi: Hey, I know Moro would be proud of that retort!
Gakuto: Well, there's not much else I can say.
Yamato: Wait. Maybe this is some sort of foreshadowing.
Shrine Maiden: My head antenna radar has detected a presence at 12 o'clock.
Priest: Return fire!
*Or so I hoped, but then a gun battle broke out within the school.*
Priest: Hnngh. You cannot even hope to graze me with that gunfire!
Shrine Maiden: Haaaah! Evil spirits, begone!
*The priest and shrine maiden fought the soldiers with mysterious sound waves based in Shinto prayer and divine musical melodies.*
Yamato: ...Whoa.
Priest: The enemy is afraid of us.
Shrine Maiden: Now's our chance!
*The shrine maiden took this brief opportunity to produce a hidden rosary and lift it towards the heavens.*
Shouichi: A shrine maiden, having a rosary? That's got style.
Gakuto: Well, there are games where a castle pops out of the ground in one night.
Shrine Maiden: Let the power of our beliefs and monetary offerings return you to the world, oh myriad gods!
Gakuto: Whoa! The temple just transformed into a giant robot!
Shouichi: Ngh. Fighting robots are totally sweet, but doesn't its model look kinda lame?!
*The wooden shrine robot proceeded to dispatch the super-alloy fighting machine.*
Priest: Mngh. The robot's stopped moving!
Shrine Maiden: It's reached its limits. There must not have been enough donations.
Priest: Oh no. The conviction of the people was insufficient? The secret machinations of the new faiths must have influenced them.
Shrine Maiden: Oh, no. At this rate, KAWAKAMI will--!
Baby Boomer: U-Use my retirement money!
*...Did we really need a new character now?*
Shrine Maiden: But that's the money you saved to support you in old age.
Baby Boomer: I think it's right for a human to save a god in trouble.
Priest: Heh. What a rich offering.
*And why was the priest so full of himself?*
Priest: Okay, we'll use this money to create a new shrine robot!
Shrine Maiden: I'll pray for its new form!
*And so the robot, reborn with the power of money, went on to save the world.*
Gakuto: Huh? What was it we were fightin' against?
Shouichi: I don't really feel like playin' it over yet again to find out.
Yamato: Was this what you really wanted to create, Moro? A joke of a game?
*......*
*We had the sales figures.*
Suguru: We are in the black. How fortunate, that we had few costs.
Takuya: It's pretty much a miracle. I can't understand it myself.
*The art was good, at least, and that had sold us a fair number of copies.*
*However, what we'd sold had only been half-finished. Most responses had been negative.*
*Angry comments had flooded the forum we'd set up. We'd had to lock it down.*
Suguru: The ones on the homepage were trolls. Their opinions are meaningless.
Takuya: But I can't blame them for complaining about that.
Suguru: I've printed out the critiques from a review forum.
Takuya: Wah. I don't even want to look.
Suguru: We sold a number of copies. We need not abandon all hope for the future.
Takuya: Even though I'd rather it hadn't sold at all.
*25/100pts. Graphics: 80pts. Scenario: -55pts. Plot holes? More like black holes.*
*--pts. Too awful, even for their first work. I'm not touching anything else they make.*
*10pts. Go study the myths. Get down on your hands and knees before the myriad gods.*
Takuya: Wah... It's a disaster.
Suguru: Hm. It seems the art was acceptable.
Takuya: If only they weren't. Then maybe... Argh.
Suguru: Perhaps there was too much ego in the work.
Takuya: 'Ego'? It didn't resonate at all with me.
Suguru: What are you saying? Is it not your work, made by your hands?
Takuya: Well, when the story was completely different when I wrote it, like how there weren't any robots in it...
Suguru: I changed it. I thought that would make things more interesting.
Suguru: Was it not impactful?
Takuya: Yeah, so impactful it blew away everything else.
Suguru: Improving our mutual understanding is a problem we must one day tackle, but our largest issue was a lack of time.
Takuya: I guess maybe that's my fault, since I rushed things.
Suguru: The hardest workers are those who pour their entire lives into their work.
Suguru: Such is creation. We would be fools to expect mere students, during summer break, could produce something amazing.
Takuya: (Why does it always feel like I'm being lectured?)
Takuya: (Suguru was the one who changed the story.)
Takuya: (Ah...)
Takuya: (That only happened because I was so weak-willed. I'm just trying to force responsibility onto Suguru.)
Suguru: This is a review meeting. You should speak what's on your mind.
Takuya: It's... It's nothing.
Takuya: (But I can't even say that much. I don't want to destroy my friendship with him.)
Suguru: You need not be discouraged. We sold some copies. And come next ComiFes, my brother, we shall vindicate our names.
Takuya: Yeah, you're right.
Takuya: (Suguru, you're amazing. You're already focused on the next chance. Meanwhile, I...)
*He grappled with yet another psychological complex.*
Yamato: Now that we're at the end of summer, things have finally calmed down.
Momoyo: I've had all the fun I can at the beach. That is no more.
Miyako: It's almost jellyfish season. Aren't jellyfish so nice?
Yamato: I have no idea why you've got a fetish for jellyfish.
Kazuko: Hey, hey, let's go somewhere!
Chris: Do you want me to take you on a walk, Dog?
Kazuko: Why are you looking down on me so much?
Yukie: Being here like this truly is fun.
Matsukaze: We didn't have no friends back there.
Yukie: Oooh...
*Everyone was finally back together.*
Shouichi: Oh yeah, Moro, that game of yours was pretty dull.
Takuya: That was blunt.
Yamato: It sounds like we're not telling you anything you don't know.
*Takuya looked like he expected Shouichi's reaction.*
Shouichi: Did you throw in that old-fashioned stuff to try to make it something I'd like? Man, I would've been good with whatever!
Gakuto: Right? I could tell you weren't sure what to do.
Yamato: We can write up how we felt, if you want.
Takuya: Not right now, at least. It's been so long since our last Friday Meeting.
*Moro looked pained too.*
Kazuko: Once summer break's over, there's our school trip.
Yamato: Where do you think we're going?
Momoyo: It all comes down to where the roulette lands.
*No one knew why, but the destination for our school trips was decided by roulette.*
Shouichi: I figure someplace overseas is bound to come up.
Yamato: If you say so, Capt, then I bet that really will happen.
Miyako: Going overseas is such a hassle. You don't have to go.
Yamato: Don't say that. It'll be something you'll remember fondly for the rest of your life.
Miyako: Nothing could be worse than the trip we went on when we were little.
Gakuto: We won't be randomly split up into groups. You'll be fine.
Miyako: Is that my salvation? Good grief.
Takuya: I know how you feel. Traveling afar makes me feel really anxious.
Yamato: I think it's good for expanding what you know. Which is exactly what you need if you want to be a creator.
Shouichi: Yeah, you gotta go out and gather material. I'll buy a camera!
Chris: I cannot wait for the day.
Momoyo: Little bro, all of your souvenirs better be food.
Yamato: But we still don't know where we're going.
Momoyo: Sendai would be nice. I could go for beef tongue.
Yukie: Now that I think about it, I have no memories of going on trips before high school.
Matsukaze: Everyone was too scared to approach ya, girl.
Yukie: Oooh, you're right.
Takuya: You don't have to work that hard to remember.
Yamato: Who wouldn't be scared of a girl who brought a sword into the bedroom?
*I'd react the same way.*
*Nothing much happened between then and the end of the fall semester opening ceremony.*
Mitsuru: I found so many places with delicious food over summer break.
Shouichi: You gotta tell me about all about them sometime.
Ikurou: Girls dripping with ocean water were pretty hot, but they always had boyfriends. What a turn-off.
Gakuto: Where is the promised land of heart-pounding beaches with girls and only girls?
Takuya: Looks like no one's changed much.
Yamato: Though there are some, here and there, with tans.
*I had a slight tan myself.*
Chika: Morooka-kun, you're totally as pale as ever.
Takuya: ...I didn't head outside much, so...
Chika: Yeah, I thought so. (And he still doesn't look me in the eye.)
Mayo: The teacher's here!
*We took our seats.*
Umeko: The new semester has begun. Now is the time to gear up for entrance exams.
Takuya: ...Is it time for those already?
Umeko: But first, the class trip. Though the destination is still yet undetermined...
Kazuko: They're really taking a long time this year.
Umeko: You'll need to quickly divide up into groups.
Umeko: There's no need to spend homeroom doing that. Amakasu, have the information gathered by the end of the week.
Mayo: All right.
Umeko: That is all.
Mayo: Then let's decide immediately.
*We finished without a hitch.*
Ikurou: By the way, I'll be heading off on my own.
Suguru: I have the same intent.
Haguro: I like, totally don't get why I wound up in the same group as you.
Tadakatsu: Maybe I'll sleep in the hotel once we're there.
Haguro: I'm so sleeping with Minamoto!
Tadakatsu: You make no damn sense. And you're sickenin'!
*All of them were full of energy.*
Yamato: Seven people makes for a pretty big group.
Shouichi: It's fine. It's not like they set an upper limit on us.
Takuya: Even on the class trip, we're still the same group.
Mitsuru: You really are such close friends, yeah.
Shouichi: It's me and my happy band -- the Kazama Family!
Chika: Hmm. Your band, huh...
Takuya: ...Hm.
Yamato: What's wrong, Moro?
Takuya: No, it's nothing.
*When I headed out to the hallway on my way home...*
Chika: Isn't the Kazama Family like, totally amazing?
Haguro: Like, when they all that close, there ain't no room for nobody else to squeeze in.
Chika: What's wrong with that? They can do anything.
Haguro: Momo-senpai and Wanko are like, too amazing.
Chika: They've also got Shiinacchi and Chris. And I heard a freshman joined them too.
Haguro: Plus that gorilla.
Chika: Well, I know he's just yuck, but he is strong.
Haguro: But what's that Morooka doin' with them?
Chika: I know. He stands out like a sore thumb.
Haguro: It'd totally make more sense to group him with the creepy nerds.
Chika: I wouldn't say he's creepy, but like, is it that hard to look me in the eyes when we talk?
Haguro: I never talked to him, never wanted to. Like girl, he just a hanger-on.
Takuya: ...Girls are so scary. Though I do think people should just speak what's on their minds.
Takuya: (If everyone were here, I'm sure they would've gotten mad. Good thing it was just me.)
*He didn't even like being defended anymore.*
Takuya: Hey, do you know any good gyms?
Gakuto: Huh? Where'd that come from?
Yamato: I definitely didn't expect to hear that from you.
Takuya: It's just, I thought maybe I'd bulk up too.
Kazuko: That's great! But first, you have to focus on the fundamentals.
*She handed him a dumbbell.*
Takuya: Whoa, this is heavy!
Kazuko: But that's my lightest one.
Takuya: You keep this in your bag, right?
Kazuko: Just carrying it around can make you strong. I'll lend it to you!
Gakuto: Hey, let me see that.
*Gakuto scooped up the dumbbell.*
Takuya: It's pretty heavy. Are you all right?
Gakuto: This is too light. I can spin this usin' just my index finger.
*He spun it around and around atop his index finger.*
Shouichi: Hey, that's that trick I'm seeing all the time in basketball.
Gakuto: Cool, right?
Kazuko: But what if you drop it?!
Takuya: Forget that -- if a normal person tried that, his finger would break.
Gakuto: If you can't do this much, you're ten years too early to go to the gym.
Yamato: How high of a barrier for entry does this gym have?
Gakuto: Goin' to a gym costs money. I'm tryin' to help Moro out here.
*From what I'd gathered, Gakuto squandered most of his allowance.*
Kazuko: I mean, you don't need lots of money to get fit.
Yamato: You make a fair amount of money delivering papers, right?
Kazuko: I have to make good use of my time.
Gakuto: After trainin' comes protein drinks.
Kazuko: Following a long workout, I drink them with milk.
Gakuto: No, you should drink them with gravy.
Kazuko: Gravy? That would never work. You have to have balanced meals.
Chris: Balance is the issue there?
Miyako: The world is just too heavy. It makes my heart burn.
Takuya: I mean, I don't want to train that much.
Kazuko: Then how much do you want to train?
Gakuto: Tell it to us straight -- do you want to train, or not?
Takuya: Gh. Yeah, I'll train. Just you wait!
Shouichi: Hey, does Moro seem kinda worked up to you?
Yamato: Maybe something happened.
*--That night.*
Takuya: *huff* *huff*...
*I tried doing a number of curls with the dumbbell Kazuko had lent me.*
Takuya: This... is really rough.
*My pace slackened. Eventually, I couldn't lift my arm anymore.*
Takuya: If I go any further, I won't be able to move tomorrow from the pain.
*I tried some light push-ups, but couldn't continue.*
Takuya: This is what I get for not regularly training, huh.
*Even if I started now, there was no way I'd be strong enough to actually help.*
Takuya: I really am awful at everything.
Takuya: But everyone must think that about themselves on the inside...
*More and more darkness began to fill my heart.*
Yukie: Is Moro-san absent today?
Miyako: He said he'd be late because he was worried about his grandfather.
Yamato: He had hip pain, right?
Momoyo: Yeah. Though he was feeling better after we struck his pressure point.
Kazuko: Nicely done, Onee-sama. They still won't even teach me how to do that because it's too dangerous.
Gakuto: Makes sense. If you're slightly off-target, you could hit his vitals.
Miyako: I can't tell whether Momo-senpai is a novice or a master.
Yamato: If she were a hair's breadth off, it'd be murder.
Momoyo: I knew the risks when I did it.
Momoyo: Healing's always more difficult than destroying...
*That said, he had recovered. And yet...*
Shouichi: If his grandfather's doing better, why's he late?
Miyako: He said he wanted to check on him for a bit.
Chris: One must treasure one's family.
Kazuko: Per-i-od-ic seitai treatment is much better.
Miyako: Per-i-od-ic? Wanko, you know some really big words.
Kazuko: Eheheh. I know, right?!
Yamato: Your future is promising.
Yukie: Isn't this scenery just charming?
Chris: Everyone's partial to you, huh.
Kazuko: Pretty much.
Yamato: Uh, someone come up with a comeback!
*Right now, it felt more like we were teasing her.*
Shouichi: This stinks. My computer was acting up, so I wanted Moro to take a look at it.
Chris: It is a machine. Can Cookie not fix it?
Cookie: Mm. Don't be ridiculous. I'm no good with machines.
Chris: Truly?
Yamato: Though he can use a coffee maker.
Cookie: Static electricity is terrifying. I don't get close to that stuff.
*I wasn't that familiar myself.*
Matsukaze: And I don't got a clue with machines.
Yukie: Moro-san really is amazing, huh.
Miyako: He doesn't stand out, but he does good work. He's a true artisan.
Shouichi: But still, hasn't Moro seemed off to you guys?
Yamato: Yeah, I thought the same thing.
*However, I couldn't say he wasn't normally like this.*
Momoyo: Hmm. He didn't seem really off, but...
Shouichi: Maybe some problem or another's got him down?
Miyako: Moro would keep quiet about that...
Shouichi: Why's he being so distant? He shouldn't hide things.
Yamato: We can't be certain he is. Let's check on him.
Chris: You are always like that, Yamato. If we ask, we will surely understand soon.
*Although, if it was something he'd tell us if we asked, wouldn't he have told us without us asking?*
Takuya: Sorry I'm late.
Gakuto: We were just talkin' about you.
Takuya: Hm? What about me?
Shouichi: You've got some big problem you're wrestling with, right?
Takuya: Huh?
Kazuko: Does that have something to do with why you suddenly wanted to start training?
Takuya: It's not really anything like that.
Gakuto: You must want to be a Nice Guy like me.
Takuya: Yuck. I don't want to be that muscular or hard-bodied.
Gakuto: Don't be so sour. Do you want the girls to like you, or not?
Takuya: Mmngh. It's not like you're popular with girls yourself.
*His comebacks had no bite. He certainly didn't seem well.*
Momoyo: Mororo, you sure you're fine?
Takuya: Yes, I'm fine, all right?
Takuya: Besides, any worries I'd have would be tiny. Worries about how I'm unpopular, or have no friends, something on that level.
Gakuto: What are you saying? Those are super serious worries!
Yukie: Ooh, I would like some friends.
Takuya: Oh, I didn't mean it like that...
Momoyo: Okay, okay. It's not a big problem, so you'll get over it with time, right?
Takuya: Everyone has a few small things they worry about.
Yamato: Yeah, maybe so.
*But it looked like Moro had amassed a mountain of them.*
*......*
*At the secret base, after everyone had gone home.*
Miyako: Huh? Moro?
*When Miyako returned to grab something she forgot, she found Moro in his normal spot atop the sofa.*
Takuya: You haven't gone home yet.
Miyako: That's my line. Isn't your grandfather sick?
Takuya: Yeah, kind of.
Miyako: I don't know what's made you uneasy, but we're all on your side.
Takuya: I know that, but that just makes it bothers me more.
Miyako: Don't let things other people say bother you.
Takuya: I'm not you. It does bother me because I'm weak.
Miyako: Huh? You think I'm strong? ...Wow.
Takuya: Aren't you strong? I mean, you can shoot a bow.
Miyako: You can think that way if you want, but I thought you understood me better than that.
Takuya: But I...
Miyako: You don't seem well, so I won't keep pushing, but...
Takuya: ...Ugh.
Takuya: I can't go home all over again.
*I'd stayed behind in the first place because I didn't want to go home looking gloomy.*
Takuya: I really just don't know. I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Takuya: And now I'm being a downer on everyone else. That makes me worse than a hanger-on.
*Those words must have hit me harder than I'd thought.*
*And I hated myself even more for how easily they'd shaken me.*
*It was an endless chain of negativity. Of wasted effort.*
Takuya: I'm fine. There's so many people who have it worse than me.
*That thought was the only thing keeping me together.*
*I was just a normal kid, not the protagonist in a tragedy.*
*How easy would it be if I could just accept that?*
*If I could just be some idiot blind to the feelings of those around him?*
Takuya: When Suguru said I think so small, this must be what he meant.
*I cared so much about the eyes around me.*
Takuya: Yeah, I really am small...
*I'd completely lost sight of my goals in life.*
Yamato: Gen-san, where are you going to go during the class trip?
Tadakatsu: I don't know shit about Canada. I'll probably spend the whole damn time sleepin' in my room.
Yamato: Then can I go there to hang out?
Tadakatsu: Fuck no. You've got friends, so go have your fun under the cold sky.
*What a shame. Why go to Canada if you weren't going to have a good time?*
Yukie: But going to Canada -- that's so amazing!
Matsukaze: Is it really that cold? If it gets too chilly, I'm gonna go hibernate.
Chris: Horses do not hibernate.
Miyako: A good comeback, yet nowhere near Moro's level.
*A harsh grade, but fair.*
Yamato: But still, there's a lot of preparing to do.
Chris: In truth, I would have rather gone to some famous site in Japan.
Shouichi: But you've never gone off to Canada either, right? So it's all good.
Chris: I suppose so.
Yamato: And we don't have to apply for a passport, so we have it easy.
*Because of events like this, we all had to acquire passports when we matriculated here.*
Shouichi: I've had a passport since way before starting school here. I gotta be able to go on an overseas adventure at the drop of a hat.
Yamato: Look before you leap, please.
*Capt's prediction had been right -- we were going overseas.*
Takuya: *yawn* I didn't get much sleep last night, either.
Mitsuru: Morooka-kun, you should eat something sweet when you're tired.
Takuya: Sorry, I'll pass. I'm not in the mood.
Mitsuru: Huh? ...But Morooka-kun, you really should have a little.
Takuya: You don't have to worry about me. My problems have nothing to do with you.
Mitsuru: I-I'm sorry...
*Kuma-chan returned to his seat, dejected.*
Shouichi: Hey, Moro, you're being kinda harsh.
Takuya: You don't get how I feel, Capt.
Shouichi: You don't sound like yourself. Did you get enough sleep?
Takuya: *yawn* If I had, I wouldn't be dealing with this.
Shouichi: You gotta let yourself have more fun. See ya!
Takuya: (I'm the worst. I didn't mean to be that mean, but...)
Yamato: Hey, Wanko, were you sleeping during class again?
Kazuko: My body was awake. I was lifting my dumbbell the whole time!
Yamato: Then you were half-asleep.
Kazuko: That's not true at all! More importantly, Moro looks tired. Some nights, he should skip watching anime and get to bed.
Takuya: Wanko, you're the same asleep or awake. How much do you love that dumbbell?
Kazuko: Dumbbell and I aren't like that...
Takuya: Have you ever stopped to think that maybe you're getting too buff?
Kazuko: Ooh... No, I'm not...
Takuya: ...Ah.
Yamato: Oh, Moro, you made Wanko cry.
Kazuko: I-I'm not crying! There's no way Moro could make me cry! That's stupid!
Yamato: Right? Class is already over, so let's get going.
Takuya: Sorry, but can you go ahead without me? I've got something to do.
*Moro practically flew from the classroom.*
Shouichi: Yeah, there's definitely something up with him. Let's go on the chase!
Yamato: Or not? We might just make things worse.
Shouichi: As leader, I'm worried about him.
Yamato: ...From how he's been acting, he'll probably lash out if we try to cheer him up.
Miyako: I concur with Yamato. And love has nothing to do with it.
Yamato: ...You deliberately headed back to the secret base after the last Friday Meeting, didn't you?
Miyako: Mm-hm. But right now, I don't think anything can stop him from moping.
Yamato: If only we knew what has him in the dumps.
*......*
*Tomorrow was finally the day we set off on our class trip.*
Takuya: You don't have to worry, Grandpa.
Takuya: I know it hurts even to talk. Just get some sleep.
*My grandfather's disease had worsened.*
Takuya: It's fine. To be honest, I couldn't find my passport, so there was no way I could go.
Takuya: I'm so stupid. Well, it's all for the best.
*I cared for my grandfather with a smile, then returned to my room once he'd settled in.*
Takuya: Haha. My passport?
*It was sitting on top of my desk.*
*I worked hard to keep my room clean. I would never lose something that important.*
Takuya: I just can't go. I have to watch over Grandpa.
*There was no one else I could rely on. I had to do it myself.*
Takuya: I can't expect my parents to show up, so I'm the only person he has.
*Ever since my parents disappeared, it had just been me and my grandfather.*
Takuya: It's not like me going or not going would change how much fun anyone else gets to have.
*I took a walk to the riverbed.*
Takuya: The wind's gotten cold.
*Autumn had drawn on. The season for summer clothes had come and gone.*
Gakuto: What are you doin' here?
Takuya: I could ask you the same question.
Gakuto: Stupid Wanko dragged me along with her. She didn't know if she'd get to run freely over in Canada.
Takuya: Well, aren't you whimsical.
Gakuto: Get to bed early tonight. Goin' to a boy's house to wake him up would jinx me for life.
Takuya: I always wake up before you.
Gakuto: Nevertheless, I will never let myself be woken up by a man.
Takuya: Of course not. You've got your mother.
Gakuto: Yeah. But that embarrasses me from the bottom of my heart. Can't some hottie come to wake me up?
Takuya: That only happens in games, not real life.
Gakuto: You're doin' better than I thought.
Takuya: Am I?
*I felt more like I'd snapped.*
Gakuto: Yeah. You've seemed really pissed lately. Don't worry me like that.
Takuya: Canada's... far, huh?
Gakuto: I don't know where in the world it is, but I've heard they have good beef. I can't wait.
Takuya: How could you forget a country that big?! It's between two parts of the U.S., remember?
Gakuto: I may not know that, but the fact remains that I am a nice guy.
Takuya: You completely lost me. Well then, good night.
Gakuto: Yeah. See you tomorrow!
Takuya: Why did I have to meet you now, of all times?
Takuya: ...That look he gave me just makes everything so much harder.
*The smile I'd worn as I lied just made me hate myself more.*
*The sophomores gathered in the school courtyard.*
Kyojin: Hey, 2-S, gather 'round.
Touma: Good morning.
Jun: Wassup.
Koyuki: Morn-a-ning.
Kyojin: ...Why so few? There's a lot of absentees.
Touma: Hideo and Azumi-san have already taken off in a private jet to our destination.
Kyojin: They are rich. We're even staying in a Kuki-owned hotel.
Koyuki: Mar's totally similar. She got her ticket from the military.
Kyojin: Must be handy, being a military girl. This old man's a little jealous. What about the rest?
Jun: Fushikawa's apparently taking her oxcart to the airport.
Kyojin: That'll take hours!
Kyojin: And that's why she's not coming?
*The ones who didn't wear the school uniform had a lot of freedom.*
Yamato: Looks like Mr. Beard has it rough.
Shouichi: I'm so tired. Wake me up when we get there.
Yamato: You let yourself get too excited. Did you forget to sleep again?
Shouichi: How could I sleep when I can think about all the stuff I'm gonna do over there? I wanna explore the Klondike River!
Yamato: That's where the Gold Rush happened, right? That does sound like you.
Chris: The location is also supposed to be a natural paradise. I cannot wait.
Ikurou: I wonder how many blond-haired girls there'll be there.
Suguru: I am fine anywhere, provided I have an Internet connection.
Ikurou: I've brought enough batteries that I'll never need to recharge!
Mitsuru: The flight will be long, so I've brought plenty of food.
Chika: But it doesn't look like you've brought any easy snacks.
Mitsuru: They're so high in calories and taste awful. I'm sick of them.
Mayo: You shouldn't overeat.
Haguro: Like, guys over there moan in English, right? That's so hot.
Chika: You're going around the world and you can't keep it in your panties?
Haguro: But like, what else I gonna do?
Chika: There's tons of things to do overseas! Like, brand-name products are totally cheap there.
Haguro: You hittin' this overseas thing too hard, girlfriend. Seriously, yuck.
Chika: Shut up. You're no different.
Haguro: Bwuh? I'm so nothing like you.
Chika: Anyways, when we get to Canada, I've got to find a duty-free. You'll help me out, right?
Haguro: Screw that. Who cares about brand names -- I don't need none of them to go hunting some D.
Chika: It's just one day. I'll be spending the rest of the time playing with Mayo.
Haguro: Uh, girlfriend, hearin' that pisses me off just fine too.
Shouichi: Gen-san, you should come along too.
Tadakatsu: Why are you invitin' me?
Tadakatsu: We ain't even in the same group.
Tadakatsu: I'm just gonna sleep when I want, and take a walk when the mood strikes me.
Shouichi: What's the big deal? Let's hunt for treasure together!
Tadakatsu: Kazama, take a damn look at the real world.
Shouichi: Stop tryin' to sound like Beardy.
Tadakatsu: I mean, I'm just acting how he taught me to.
Kazuko: The journey's long, but I brought plenty of bananas!
Chris: Do you intend to eat them?
Kazuko: I like sweets, but you can't have too many.
Chris: Is not your seat next to mine, Dog? Do not expect me to tend to you if you get a stomachache.
Kazuko: Hah. That would never happen to m--
Suguru: I hear the unmistakable sound of a flag being raised!
Ikurou: What? Did you see someone's panties? And more?!
Gakuto: And more?! Oh, speakin' of, where's Moro?
Yamato: Is that really what makes you think of him, of all things?
Miyako: That's strange. Moro's never late.
*He would usually arrive some twenty minutes early.*
Shouichi: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Yamato: Let's check with Ms. Ume.
*I waited for the teachers to finish their conversation, then approached Ms. Ume.*
Umeko: What's wrong, Naoe? It's almost time to leave.
Yamato: Have you heard anything from Morooka Takuya?
Umeko: What, you haven't heard? He's absent today.
Yamato: Huh? Why?
Umeko: His grandfather isn't doing well. It's unfortunate, but there's nothing we can do.
*This was the first I'd heard of it.*
Umeko: I don't know what you're thinking, but let me say this -- anyone who interferes with the group's activities will be left behind.
Yamato: Thank you for the warning.
*I hurried back to everyone.*
*......*
*......*
Takuya: They're probably taking off right about now...
*Asakichi wasn't doing that bad this morning.*
*However, he still had a cold, and couldn't be left alone.*
Takuya: I'll go take a breath of fresh air.
*I turned my eyes to the east.*
Takuya: This is fine. This is completely fine.
Gakuto:  Like hell it is!
Takuya: Wah! Gakuto?!
Shouichi: Not just Gakuto.
Miyako: There you go again. Why didn't you say anything?
Yamato: You even turned off your phone. Think about us a little.
Takuya: So should you! Isn't the bus gone by now?!
Chris: Without you, Moro... It would not be fun.
Kazuko: Well, we can all run after it.
Takuya: Maybe you can, but not me!
Yamato: The trains will get us to the airport faster. I can think of plenty more options too.
Takuya: Then go catch up already. Just forget about me.
Shouichi: Let's go together. We're all part of the same band, right?
Takuya: Again with the band ...
*His expression darkened.*
Takuya: Lately, I've been wondering: Am I really part of your Family?
Shouichi: Huh?
Kazuko: You've always been one of us.
Gakuto: Where did that come from?
*Dammit, Moro, did you really...?*
Yamato: Have you made some weird misunderstanding?
Takuya: No, not at all. I have no confidence in myself. The fact is, I'm worthless.
Chris: What about you is worthless?
Takuya: I can't even train for a long time.
Yamato: I can't train every day either. I only do when I overeat.
Gakuto: Well, it is hard to call you a Nice Guy.
Takuya: Was that supposed to make me feel better? Yeah, you're right, I'm not muscular like you!
Gakuto: Of course not. I've built myself up to this.
Takuya: I don't have anything like that.
Chris: Do you not know all manner of things? You have even enlightened me.
Yamato: No one else feels that way about you. I certainly don't.
Miyako: If anything, if you were as full of yourself as Gakuto, that would be... you know...
Gakuto: You don't pull any punches, do you?
Miyako: I think the work you've put into things like your game is incredible.
Shouichi: You're young, Moro. And I love dealing with all those youthful worries! So let me join in!
Takuya: Quit it. I'm just a hanger-on. The Wormtail to you Moonies, Padfoots and Prongs.
Chris: Moonies, Padfoots, and Prongs... do you mean us?
Shouichi: Huh? We aren't nothing like those three.
Shouichi: We're more like rocs flyin' a million miles an hour!
Yamato: Though we all have our own strengths and weaknesses.
Kazuko: Wait, what did he mean by worms and moons?
Miyako: Could you be quiet? We're trying to have a moment.
Takuya: You only keep helping me because I'm part of your band anyways.
Shouichi: Well, when one of my band's in trouble, of course I'm gonna save him.
Takuya: And how many times does this make now? Why are you so kind to me?!
Shouichi: Do you even got a clue how many times you've gone and saved us?
Takuya: Huh?
Miyako: That's right. There's no point counting.
Takuya: That's not what I was trying to say. I just...
Yamato: Then let's figure out what you're good at. You're up, Wanko.
Kazuko: Huh? Pop quiz?! Well, you're super gentle. And you explain things I don't understand -- you're a big help.
Yamato: I was right to think you'd give a quick answer.
Chris: That was quite the satisfying explanation.
Kazuko: Gh. I want to be angry, but for now I'll hold it in.
Takuya: But I'm not that smart.
Gakuto: I wouldn't have passed the entrance exam without you.
Shouichi: Yeah, and that was one heck of a feat.
Yamato: I myself almost threw in the towel.
Gakuto: I let people insult me to heal a friend's heart: that proves I'm the Nice Guy.
Takuya: But at the sports festival, I came in third.
Miyako: You ran as hard as you could. I was really impressed. I could see on your face how hard you tried.
Takuya: Even everything I know about computers is just random tidbits I've picked up here and there.
Chris: Not a single one of us is more knowledgeable about computers than you, Moro. I myself am practically clueless.
Takuya: Wanko just said I was kind... But am I really?
Miyako: I really do like that about you. But don't bottle up your anger.
Takuya: Besides, 'gentle'? That's just another way of calling me a coward.
Kazuko: That's way too philosophical for me to understand.
Takuya: That wasn't philosophical at all!
Shouichi: Yes, yes, that's it! Most of all, without you, we've got no one to be our straight man!
Takuya: Is that all I am to you? The straight man in your little comedy?!
Yukie: B-But I wish I had your talent for it.
Matsukaze: If only I could come up with as good of a quip as you, Moro.
Takuya: What's that supposed to mean? It certainly doesn't cheer me up. Also, how long have you even been here?!
Yukie: I-I spotted everyone, and I knew you were supposed to be going on the school trip, so I became curious, and--!
Shouichi: No more being timid. Just thinking about why you're timid is so boring. Now come!
*Capt grabbed Moro's hand.*
*Clutched it hard, as if pulling someone up off the edge of a cliff.*
Kazuko: You know, haven't we sort of gone a little overboard?
Chris: Not in the slightest, Dog. Moro is troubled.
Yamato: Worst comes to worst, he might start distancing himself from us.
Takuya: I never said that!
Kazuko: Huh? Moro... might leave us?
Kazuko: N-No! Please no! Don't!
*She screamed.*
Miyako: Now do you understand?
Gakuto: We need you, Moro...
*Gakuto gave him a hug.*
Takuya: Ugh. If I have to get hugged, could it at least be by a girl?
Miyako: Yet you look happy. I'd ship it.
Takuya: Wah! Stop, before she starts writing slashfics!
Miyako: But on the inside, Moro was happy.
Takuya: Stop talking like you're the narrator in some book!
Momoyo: Who made my Wanko cry?!
Yamato: Even Nee-san's here.
Momoyo: I searched for auras, and... What, did everyone oversleep?
*The entire Kazama Family had assembled.*
Yamato: We certainly are cutting it close.
Takuya: Sorry. It's all my fault.
Shouichi: I told you, don't worry about it. The Tactician will figure something out.
Chris: How fares your grandfather?
Takuya: That's right. I have to care for him.
Momoyo: Okay, I'll handle that. Well, me and Mayu-Mayu.
Yukie: Fweh? M-Me?!
Matsukaze: Th-Th-The pressure's too much.
Momoyo: The cold's one thing, but he's not getting good circulation. I did a stopgap thing before, but let me try something more long-term.
Kazuko: Kawakami Temple massages really are something.
Momoyo: I don't spend all of my time punching things. Not that I don't want to.
Takuya: Please don't destroy our... No, I mean... Are you really all right with taking my place?
Yukie: By all means, please, let me care for him!
Momoyo: Above all, I'll call the Kawakami Temple's personal doctor.
Momoyo: The pro will steer things, and we'll help. Should be perfect.
Shouichi: You heard Momo-senpai. That means no more excuses.
Takuya: ...Ooh.
*He was back to looking glum, but...*
Takuya: Thanks, everyone!
*This time, he didn't apologize.*
Miyako: Mm-hm. No more hating yourself.
Takuya: I know. Though I still don't have much confidence.
Chris: You should try to believe in yourself.
Takuya: I wish I could.
Yamato: So then, sorry to ruin the moment, but it's time for a strategy meeting.
*There was no time to waste.*
Kazuko: Oh yeah, what time is it?
Chris: According to the schedule, the plane should already be taking off.
Kazuko: Wah! Even if we run, I don't think we'll make it!
Gakuto: Not even a train can help now.
Momoyo: I could make it on my own, but even I can't get you all there fast enough.
Yamato: The schedule is still in flux. Check the traffic report.
Takuya: I tried, but there's no congestion or anything.
Shouichi: Having swift support is nice. Now, we just need a swift decision.
Yamato: I'll use my trump card.
Miyako: Which one?
Takuya: If you have to ask which one, can you still call them trump cards?
Yamato: So, let me give her a call.
*And the person I called...*
Azumi: What is it, Dumbo?
*Gave me instantaneous abuse.*
Takuya: Isn't that voice...
Shouichi: Kuki's maid, yeah.
Yamato: Where are you right now?
Azumi: I told you, we're already in Canada. Ain't you supposed to be at the airport right about now?
Yamato: Well, we missed the bus, so we're still in Kawakami.
Azumi: Serves you right, you idiot. Did you call because you wanted someone to tell you just how stupid you are?
Yamato: Of course not. The truth is...
Hideo: Azumi, you dare push Us aside to speak on the phone? Do you think yourself more important than Us?
Azumi: My humblest apologies, Hideo-sama!
Yamato: Geh. Don't hang up!
Hideo: Who are you speaking with? Oh, if it isn't Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: Switch back to Azumi, please.
Hideo: However, is now not the time when you ought to lament the confines of economy class?. Using your phone within the aircraft is...
*Why, when we were fresh out of time, did this jerk have to...*
Hideo: Hmm. We understand your circumstances.
Yamato: I haven't said anything.
Hideo: We are a Hero. No doubt you understand that much.
Kazuko: Hey, hey, who are you talking to?
Hideo: Oh, was that not the voice of Kazuko-dono?
Kazuko: Wah! Y-You're so loud!
Yamato: And you're not the one with the phone against his ear.
Hideo: If Kazuko-dono is there, then... What is the meaning of this, Azumi?!
Azumi: Well, they missed the bus and it's too late to catch the plane, so...
*She just didn't get it, did she?*
Hideo: How can that be? Then Kazuko-dono will miss the class... No! That is unacceptable!
Azumi: Yes, sir. Then I will prepare an aircraft.
Hideo: And naturally, make it the biggest one available.
Kazuko: Wah! Please no. That'll just make things worse!
Yamato: Hmm. I guess that would make things complicated for you, Wanko.
*Yes, I thought. Better to force the maid's hand instead.*
Hideo: Now, now, Kazuko-dono. This time, you are largely irrelevant.
Yamato: (Hm? He's not doing this because he likes Wanko?)
Hideo: Is not Morooka there as well? We have business with him.
Yamato: He's here, yeah... Did something happen?
Takuya: You're so loud that I can hear you. I'm surprised you remember my name.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We must repay Our debt to you!
Yamato: Debt? Do you have any idea what he's talking about, Moro?
Takuya: Debt... You mean, from the cafeteria?
Hideo: Yes, precisely.
Yamato: Didn't you tell me about that before?
Hideo: This is a fine opportunity to accept Our benevolence.
Takuya: But this is on a completely different scale from what I did!
Takuya: I barely did anything to help you.
Hideo: Securing a plane is but a trivial task for Us.
Takuya: Ngh.
Hideo: Mwahaha! Such are the capabilities of a king!
Hideo: In the extreme, debts of gratitude know no size.
Hideo: For We are the world's Kuki Hideo -- its Hero!
Hideo: What say you? For this time, but one word from you will decide the fate of all.
Takuya: Uh, if you put it like that, I guess...
Takuya: Well... Yes, I do want to go.
Hideo: Then leave it to Us.
*He said, then hung up.*
Yamato: Huh? You just hung up immediately?!
*What about the arrangements? ...But before I could open my mouth, they called back.*
Azumi: Well, you're lucky Hideo-sama's got a damn big heart. A rickshaw's waiting outside. Get in.
Yamato: ...I'm glad I didn't have to use my trump card.
Azumi: What trump card?
Yamato: Maybe you would have seen it on a different route.
Azumi: Like a world line? Whatever, I'm hanging up.
Shouichi: Looks like we managed to pull it off after all.
Chris: And it is all thanks to you, Moro. And we will travel by rickshaw, no less.
Shouichi: The Kuki's are super fast, so I've always wanted to go ride in one!
Yamato: This is the fruit of your gentleness, Moro.
Takuya: You're right. I was useful to everyone.
Takuya: (I don't have to feel down. It's okay for me to be here.)
Yamato: They've arrived already. Nice.
Shouichi: Sweet, then let's get going! Momo-senpai, Mayucchi, see you soon!
Momoyo: Yeah. Go have the time of your lives.
Yukie: Take care of yourselves.
Takuya: (Everyone's so warm. I truly am blessed.)
*I doubted the unease in Moro's heart would ever fully disappear.*
*However, as long as he had his friends, it was nothing to fear. Everyone surely felt the same way.*
Takuya: Yeah. See you soon!
*Moro's shout resounded crystal-clear across the blue sky.*
====================act_m_ラストルート.bin====================: I was bullied again today.
*I like my mother, but she never notices me.*
*My clothes were dirty, and she wouldn't even let me take a bath.*
*And there were some people who treated me like I was diseased.*
Gakuto: I'll nail the shot and do the Kazu dance!
Yamato: Your rearward guard is... lacking.
Gakuto: Yamato, I was buildin' up my gauge!
Momoyo: Hahaha. Gakuto, you spend too much time preparing.
Takuya: Go take the shot!
Shouichi: Well, I'm way too good of a keeper to let it through!
Kazuko: Yamato, pass it here! I'll score!
*Ah, they were so lucky.*
*So filled with light.*
*I could only imagine how good it would be to join them.*
*So realized the person watching from the shadows.*
*--2009 (Present day), Kawakami City, in front of the secret base.*
Trash 1: Yea-ha! This building'd be a great place to hang out.
Trash 2: Let's do tons of bad things here. Like hunt people.
Trash 4: Yeah. Let's hunt, hunt some more, and steal their money and dreams.
Trash 5: All so we can get some of that sweet-ass Utopia.
Cookie: Hey, hey, this is private property.
Cookie: You're not allowed in, so go on home.
Trash 1: Huh? Wait, wasn't there supposed to be some horrific abandoned building with a weird robot in it?
Trash 2: This must be the place. Guess the rumors were true.
Trash 3: But he looks weak. Let's fuck him up. Then there'll be nothing horrifying about it.
Cookie: Why must I hurt you people to make you understand?
Cookie 2: How ironic that I, one who has never known pain, will use pain to teach a lesson?
Trash 4: Whoa, it transformed! Kinda cool, huh?
Cookie 2: You seem promising. I will slice and dice you gently.
Trash 5: You gotta be kidding!
Cookie 2: Cookie Slash!
*In the blink of an eye, he cut up all of the delinquents' clothes.*
Cookie 2: Next, I will slice off your skin like slices of roast beast.
Trash 3: I-I ain't sticking around here!
*The delinquents rushed to leave.*
*...Inside the secret base.*
Cookie: Now they'll never come here again.
Miyako: Thanks for always fighting off everyone who comes.
*She gently wiped down Cookie's body.*
Miyako: It's thanks to you that this place is always safe.
Cookie: I was made to serve, so I'm happy to do so.
Cookie: ...Though I wish I could serve without having to use my sword so much.
Cookie: Earlier, some old lady was even giving me a suspicious stare from afar.
Miyako: Well, there's nothing you can do about that.
Miyako: Scrub scrub.
Cookie: Mmm, you've cleaned me up all nice and sparkly!
Miyako: That's good.
Cookie: Hm, I hear someone climbing the stairs. It must be...
Miyako: Yamato, I think. Somehow, I just know.
Yamato: Oh, someone's already here.
Miyako: Yamato, yahoo! I love you.
Yamato: Miyako, yahoo! Let's be friends.
Cookie: Yamato, you're so cold. Look, you've made Miyako cry.
Miyako: Wahhh.
Yamato: You're going to hurt yourself, crying all those crocodile tears.
Miyako: Tch.
Miyako: Ooh, oooh!
Cookie: Now she's grumbling.
Yamato: Are you the girl who 'grumbled' wolf?
Miyako: I'm trying out a bunch of different ways to flirt with you... Next, I'm going for something bold.
Yamato: H-Hey, please don't tell me you're planning something physical?
Miyako: If I can't force my way through, I'll bring you to me!
Miyako: I'm going to be a tsundere from now on.
Yamato: Oh, okay.
Miyako: Mm-hm, it is okay.
Kazuko: Heyya!
Kazuko: Oh, it's Yamato. Hey, I'm gonna do some push-ups, so come sit on my back as extra weight.
Miyako: And I'll ride on top of Yamato without a helmet!
Miyako: Ah. I couldn't help myself...
Yamato: Just give up. You'll never make it as a tsundere.
Gakuto: Wassup? Do you think a hottie's goin' to move in next door?
Takuya: Hey guys. Some new manga came in today.
Momoyo: Oh, you guys look like you're having a blast.
Chris: I thought everyone would be here.
Matsukaze: And last but not least, the main heroine -- my girl Mayucchi!
Yukie: Good day.
Cookie: And just like that, it's really lively in here.
Miyako: It's like everyone finds themselves coming here before they know it.
*It was another exciting day in the secret base.*
*The school lunch was delicious.*
*Mother won't give me anything to eat at home...*
*I was spending another day peering at the kids playing in the open field from afar.*
Shouichi: I'm gonna knock it out of the park!
Momoyo: You'd better, or I'll catch it and you're out.
Takuya: She's the only outfielder, but she sure adds a lot of pressure.
Yamato: Try to hit a grounder.
Gakuto: The nice lead that I earned us will carry us through.
Kazuko: 'Kay, time for the perfect closer, Kazuko! Here's the first pitch!
*Everyone was so focused on playing. Of course they didn't notice me.*
*How could I get them to let me join?*
*I wanted to play too...*
*--2009 (Present Day), Kawakami City, Kawakami Academy*
Chika: Ohh, the poor thing.
Ikurou: What's wrong, you dumb blondie? Did you get all teary-eyed over a death in a novel?
Chika: Gosh no. Like, look at the cat up there, next to the roof.
Ikurou: Oh, I guess it can't come down.
Ikurou: Okay. Blondie, go climb up that rain gutter and save it!
Chika: As if I'd do that while you're clutching your camera, you monkey!
Gakuto: Heh-hem. Leave this to me, Gakuto.
Chika: Can you do it?
Gakuto: When I was young, they called me Gakuto the Tree Climber.
Takuya: (I'm pretty sure your nickname was the Skirt-Flipper...)
Gakuto: (If I save it in front of all of these eyes, I will be the most popular boy in school -- no, the world!)
Takuya: Argh, it's clear as day what Gakuto's thinking.
Gakuto: Let's go!
Takuya: Wow, he climbed straight up.
Chika: ...Whoa, he's totally like a gorilla.
Haguro: Whoa girlfriend, you hit the nail on the head a little too hard there! That's hi-larious.
Gakuto: I have come to save you, kitty!
Cat: Meow, meow.
Gakuto: Hold on tight to your savior!
Cat: *Hissss!*
Gakuto: Fear not. And don't struggle--ahh!
Cat: Meow? MEOWWW!
*The cat started to struggle and, before Gakuto could grab it, it plummeted out of the tree.*
Lu: Look out!
*Assistant Master Lu dashed in and caught the cat, saving its life.*
Lu: There we go! That was awfully close!
Chika: Wow! Mr. Lu, you're so cool.
Haguro: I'd totally have your baby. Like, if you were hot, anyways.
Lu: A stray, huh... Hmm, you seem unhurt.
Cat: Meow, meow 
Lu: Are you hungry? Let me get you something.
Chika: Animals like him... And he's reliable.
Haguro: Lu's kinda overbearing? But he good.
Chika: Yeah, and he's totally serious. Like a sportsman, you know?
Gakuto: H-Hey, was the cat all right?!
Chika: Ugh... I can't believe I actually counted on you.
Haguro: You surprised, girlfriend? He's Shimazu!
*The girls all walked off together.*
Ikurou: Screw them. You tried your best, and that's what they say?
Takuya: Yeah, really...
Ikurou: Just relax, Gakuto. In my head, I've already given them a spanking.
Gakuto: Ah... Eh, don't worry about me.
Gakuto: For someday! Someday, I swear my efforts will bear fruit! They have to!
Ikurou: You're so positive! That's awesome!
Gakuto: If I'm not, then I... I'd...
Takuya: Oh, you're desperately holding yourself together...
*--That night, Kawakami Temple.*
Kazuko: I gotta train at night too! I'll do a thousand swings!
Lu: Keep up the good work, Kazuko. The path to success is paved with hard work!
Kazuko: Oh, come to think of it... Assistant Master, a bunch of girls were talking about you on the way home.
Lu: About me? Why?
Kazuko: They were wondering if you had a girlfriend, I guess?
Kazuko: Looks like you're popular with the girls!
Lu: I-I don't really seek popularity.
Lu: After all, my one and only love is training!
Kazuko: Ah, I think I saw him blush before he ran off.
Tesshin: Hoh hoh hoh. Lu, bless your heart.
Kazuko: Oh, Grandpa.
Tesshin: It is possible to be too diligent.
Tesshin: However, the one we expelled lacked any diligence whatsoever...
Kazuko: (He must mean Shakadou-san...)
Tesshin: If only the two could have combined their strengths...
Tesshin: Anyways, have any of the girls been talking about me?
Kazuko: Nope.
Tesshin: I wonder, would they find an old man with a wild side more attractive...?
*I'd collapsed from hunger.*
*But then an old lady I'd never met before had given me a candy.*
*I wanted to eat it, but...*
*Maybe Mother would be happy if I gave it to her?*
*A small child looked at the swing set.*
*Do you want to get on? I asked.*
*The child bobbed her head, nodding.*
*I let her ride. She was so happy.*
*But she was too little to be my friend.*
*I really did want a friend my own age.*
*But that was hard when everyone treated me as if I were diseased.*
*Maybe if I gave the candy to someone, they'd be my friend?*
*I tried some of the candy myself.*
*It was soft like gum, sweet and delicious.*
*A flavor I could learn to love.*
*--2009 (Present Day), Kawakami City, Kawakami Academy*
*A crowd of people had gathered in front of the field.*
Yamato: Oh, another battle? Who's fighting?
Touma: My, aren't you wonderful again today?
Yamato: Please don't try to greet me by feeling me up.
Touma: I believe one of the fighters is a student from 2-F.
Kazuko: Huh? Who is it? Excuse me, coming through.
Kikkawa: So then, Minamoto! Don't take this personally.
Kobayakawa: You're the one who said you were fine with fighting 2-on-1.
Tadakatsu: I don't give a shit. We fightin' or not?
Kazuko: Oh, it's Ta-chan.
Yamato: What? Our idol's fighting?
Shouichi: Did I hear someone say 'Ta-chan'?
Tadakatsu: ...There's another one of you loudmouths in the gallery?
Kobayakawa: You listening, punk?
Tadakatsu: Nope. What'd you say?
Kikkawa: Stop being so full of yourself! You made our idol Ishida-san cry!
Kobayakawa: Yeah, yeah. I've never liked you anyways.
Tadakatsu: She only cried 'cause, when she asked me out, I declined.
Tadakatsu: But fine. Come. I'm sick of everyone starin'.
Kikkawa: We'll see who's talking once I hit you with my shinai!
Kobayakawa: No matter how good you are in a fight, you can't do nothing 2-on-1!
*The boys who bravely challenged Tadakatsu...*
Tadakatsu: Take this!
*--were taken out simultaneously. Tadakatsu's left fist crashed into Osagawa while his right slammed into Yoshikawa.*
Kobayakawa: Ahh... Gh. You're fucking strong.
Kikkawa: Gah... On the other hand, we did... make him stand out.
Kazuko: Wow! Nice going, Ta-chan!
Shouichi: That's our Tacchan! Super fun Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: Shut it!
Tadakatsu: I told you I don't like bein' the center of attention...
Tadakatsu: Want another go?
Kobayakawa: N-Nah, we're good... I get it now, you didn't deserve nothing.
Kikkawa: We're not really angry anymore. Sorry about all this.
Tadakatsu: Glad to see you two are so understanding.
Kazuko: Wow, what a refreshing ending.
Kazuko: Ta-chan, good job!
Tadakatsu: Hey, Kazuko, where'd those two idiots go?
Kazuko: They disappeared. Yamato said something about Strategy 36 and running away.
Tadakatsu: Tch... I'll pin them down back at the dorm.
*--On the rooftop.*
Shouichi: Man, teasing Ta-chan's so much fun.
Yamato: I couldn't help myself either.
Touma: In other words, may I take it you two swing both ways?
Shouichi: How do you figure that? And why are you following us around?
Touma: I just wanted to play with you oh so much, Kazama-kun.
Yamato: Don't you have your own friends?
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Friends such as We!
Touma: Oh my, Hideo.
Hideo: Kazama Shouichi! You and Naoe Yamato are rather close friends.
Hideo: However! Touma and We are closer still!
Touma: Yes, we are the best of friends.
Hideo: Indeed, Touma is Our one-and-only friend!
Shouichi: What?! Our friendship's not going to be second to nobody's!
Yamato: This doesn't have to be a competition!
Hideo: It has already been decided that Touma will work for the Kuki Corporation.
Touma: This would the first I have heard of it, Hideo.
Hideo: You have talent. Work for Us.
Touma: I do have the Aoimon Hospital to consider.
Yamato: You are the hospital director's only son.
Touma: Well, even so, there are moments when I wish to cast all of that to the wind and head on some grand adventure.
Jun: Oh, Young Master, there you are.
Koyuki: Yay yay (She spun her arms in circles.)
Shouichi: Oh yeah, why do you call him Young Master?
Jun: The Young Master is the hospital director's son. I am the assistant director's son.
Shouichi: That makes sense. Almost too much sense.
Koyuki: Oh, a sparrow!
Koyuki: It ran away!
Koyuki: Mr. Sparrow! Aren't you glad I'm not a crow?!
Shouichi: ...And what about that girl? She's as free-spirited as me. Do her parents work for the hospital, too?
Jun: Yeah. She's the daughter of Sakakibara-san, the director's close associate.
Yamato: So does that make you the Elite Trio?
Jun: Drop the 'elite' bit, please. It's stifling.
Koyuki: Let's go home, Touma.
Touma: I suppose we should.
Jun: So, let's go home and play some Akakami.
Yamato: (Oh, that's the VN Moro was playing.)
Jun: All the studying we have to do has meant we have barely any time to play.
Yamato: But from what I've heard, you can't help but be envious of that game's protagonist.
Chris: Oh, Yamato. So you were on the roof.
Momoyo: Let's head off. We can stop somewhere for a snack.
Jun: ...You seem pretty lucky yourself.
*I was pretty sure Mother wasn't going to pay for my school lunches.*
*I didn't really understand why, but I knew it wasn't her fault.*
*Mother...*
*I kept trying to talk to her, but she never answered me...*
*It hurt when she hit me, but her silence was even more painful.*
*But today, she gave me some cup ramen.*
*She wouldn't give me any hot water to go with it, but... I was still happy.*
*As I munched on the noodles, I thought,*
*Mother still likes me.*
*I really did want friends...*
*To join that group,*
*The ones who were always playing in the empty field.*
*They were probably from the next school over, but...*
*I just wanted to join them.*
*--2009 (Present Day), Kawakami City, Kawakami Academy*
Miyako: I'm walking down a hallway together with Yamato...
Miyako: I wonder what they're thinking about us. (She twisted and turned.)
Yamato: Well, I'm sure some of them think that we're an item...
Miyako: Perfect.
Class D Student: Hey, Naoe.
Class E Student: Together with your girlfriend? Man, I'm jealous.
Class A Student: Naoe-chan, let's get lunch sometime.
Yamato: A-OK.
Miyako: Wow...
Street Performance Club Member: Hey, Naoe-kun, want me to breathe some fire?
Mutsujirou: Yamato-kun! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Sumo Club Member: Wassup?! Fine day for a bite to eat!
Yamato: 'Morning.
Miyako: Wowww.
Koppou Club Captain: Yamato!
Track-and-Field Club Member: Yo!
Magic Club Member: Come see my magic tricks sometimes!
Yamato: Hey yourselves.
Miyako: It always seems like everyone knows you.
Yamato: Does it? Well, I do work hard to build connections.
Miyako: These must be the fruits of all the time you spend laboring on your phone.
Yamato: Which puts me leagues apart from a certain loner.
Miyako: I only have a place in my heart for certain people.
Miyako: I'm a lone wolf! (She struck a pose.)
Yamato: Okay, now c'mon, let's go.
Miyako: Wait up!
*They were there again at the empty field.*
Yamato: There's a fishing competition tomorrow at the Tama River.
Kazuko: Yay yay!
Momoyo: If you start drowning, I'll rescue you for 210 yen.
Yamato: The exact price of a shounen magazine?!
Gakuto: I shall be the one to fish the most fish!
Takuya: If it's fishing, then don't count me out!
*They always had so much fun together.*
*But they never noticed me.*
*No, I was doing this wrong. I couldn't just watch from far away and hope they noticed.*
*I had to ask them in person.*
*To find that ounce of courage...*
*And take a step forwards.*
*I'd read in a book that you could do anything if you tried.*
*And so I took that first, big step.*
*......*
*A new strain of influenza was spreading throughout the country.*
*And the spread of a sometimes deadly disease wasn't something the Japanese people, who were drunk on peace, usually had to consider.*
*Of all the parallel worlds imaginable, the outbreak had to be worst here.*
*Things were too abnormal to imagine otherwise.*
Prime Minister: We've put as many safeguards as we can to stop the disease from making landfall...
Prime Minister: But there's still some comin' home from abroad who slip through the cracks.
Prime Minister: But it ain't virulent. No need for panic.
Chika: ...My gosh, there's been so much depressing news lately.
Mayo: The infection spread super-fast around Kobe.
Haguro: And like, ain't students gettin' hit extra hard?
Suguru: It is but a matter of time until the virus comes east.
Suguru: Well, the rainy season will start soon. That will be the end of its proliferation.
Mitsuru: The only defense is to eat tasty, nutritious foods.
Ikurou: I wanna do something about it now, but masks are sold out everywhere.
Mitsuru: You're right, I haven't found any either. My parents are looking for some too.
Momoyo: Hey, are you listening, all you students?!
Momoyo: It's time for a special episode of Radio Love Kawakami!
Momoyo: Did you know that, as people prepare for the new flu virus, masks are selling out everywhere?
Momoyo: However, I happen to have a huge stockpile already prepared.
Momoyo: There's way too many for just me, so I'd love to offer them to anyone in need for cheap.
Momoyo: We'll be selling them after school. Come find us on the athletic field.
Momoyo: That's all.
Mitsuru: Wow, they're having a sale.
Suguru: Let us pause. Who would happen to wind up with a huge stockpile of masks?
*--In an empty classroom.*
Kazuko: And here's... the last box.
Yamato: Okay, great. Stack it over here.
Chris: Cheaply selling them to others is good and just.
Yamato: Well, we did purchase them for even less... It's like turning copper into gold.
Yamato: Still, we don't want anyone thinking we're greedy.
Kazuko: Yeah, so let's keep our profits modest.
Shouichi: But yo, Yamato, good work stocking up on all of these.
Yamato: This time, I had a good sense of where things were going.
Yamato: And now's the time to sell.
Shouichi: Ya ain't cornerin' the market in the nick of time, ya just stockpiled. Damn, son.
Yukie: What about this box?
Yamato: Those are for the Family.
Matsukaze: You're on the ball with earthquake plans too... You're the master of safety, Yamato!
Shouichi: Sweet, so let's divvy up the roles.
Momoyo: I'll watch the money.
Yamato: HELL NO!
Yamato: Nee-san, bring in customers. Though I'm sure all you'd have to do is stand there and they'd come.
Momoyo: Little bro, why do you always have to be so serious when it comes to business?
Chris: I shall keep the line strictly in order.
Shouichi: Then Senpai and Chris will be in charge of that.
Yamato: Anyone who tries to cut in line won't have long to live...
Shouichi: We'll have me, Wanko, and Gakuto doing sales.
Kazuko: I'm not gonna lose!
Yamato: It's not a competition. Just make sure to do the job right.
Takuya: I've brought change.
Yamato: I'll deal with any teachers who come by to see what's going on.
Shouichi: Sweet, then you'll handle anything that tries to get in our way.
Momoyo: If anyone tries to interfere, I'll make an example of them.
Shouichi: Miyako, you and Mayucchi handle the back end. We won't be able to do nothing without your support!
Yukie: I'll aim to be the greatest behind-the-scenes worker.
Shouichi: Moro, you're got a good head on your shoulders, so you go for any targets of opportunity.
Takuya: Yeah, leave the odd jobs to me.
Shouichi: Welp, time make a killing, then go out and eat delicious meat!
Kazuko: Yeah, yeah!
Shouichi: And then maybe we could go on a trip this summer...
Miyako: Mm-hm. All of us, together.
Shouichi: Kazama Family, let's move out! Keep it up!
Yamato: Yeah!
Momoyo: Yeah!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Miyako: Yeah!
Chris: Yeah!
Yukie: Yeah!
Gakuto: Yeah!
Takuya: Yeah!
*Make money, then play.*
*Of course, even without money, we'd still have fun.*
*The nine of us, together, could do anything.*
*We were invincible.*
*......*
*--Kawakami City, Abandoned Factory*
Shakadou: Hey, General, Utopia's a good name for this stuff.
Shakadou: You show those kids who've forgotten their dreams a false utopia.
Shakadou: Pretty fearsome bit o' irony you've got there, hee hee.
Ryuuhei: It's stupid. My utopia is wherever I can fight.
Shakadou: Yeah, that's the ticket. Keep that attitude'n you'll never fall for this stuff.
Shakadou: So... How far do y'think this drug's gonna spread?
Ryuuhei: It'll spread like wildfire among the weak.
Shakadou: I've been waitin' for a war'n it's finally here.
Ryuuhei: Heh heh...! Just think, soon this city will be mine to destroy!
*His dark laughter echoed through the industrial complex.*
*Oh all boys and girls who dwell in Kawakami City,*
*Beasts have begun to undermine your world.*
*If those beasts are Evil,*
*Then they who strike them down are Samurai.*
*So began the final, great, ferocious war.*
*Today was June 7th.*
*One month since Chris and Mayucchi joined.*
*Everything around us was livelier than ever.*
Miyako: Bum-ba-da-dum! You've plunged into my route!
Yamato: No, we haven't. Stop lying.
Matsukaze: At long last, we're gonna see my route...
Yukie: Matsukaze, you, too?
Chris: Yamato, I am bored. Shall we play something?
Momoyo: Guess what? I'm here too!
Kazuko: Don't forget about me!
Yamato: Give me some space!
*If Gen-san were here, he'd be getting pretty angry right about now.*
Miyako: Yamato, you're just too damn popular. I can't let my guard down for a second.
Miyako: But... I like this side of you, too.
Matsukaze: Hate to break it to ya... but this here's my harem.
Kazuko: Oh, I never realized that Matsukaze's a boy horse.
Matsukaze: If you wanna use me as a stud, it gonna be a a million buck minimum.
*Tonight was another peaceful night.*
*--1 a.m., Kawakami City.*
*The last train had rolled into the station. The doors on the nearby shops were shuttered, yet the stationfront still brimmed with light.*
*Kawakami, the city that never sleeps.*
*A city filled with equal parts glamor and peril.*
Kyojin: Night patrol, this is the night patrol. Any bad students out there?
Tadakatsu: ...I'm a student myself, case you forgot.
Kyojin: You're fine. You're here as my assistant.
*Usami Kyojin of the Usami Agency had been tasked by the academy with hunting for students out too late.*
Kyojin: Looks like we've found one already.
Haguro: Geh. A teach totally found me.
Kyojin: Hey now, get on back home. Don't go wanderin' in your school uniform.
Haguro: You kiddin', teach? This's my sacred hour.
Kyojin: Young lady, I will report to Ms. Kojima with trumped-up charges!
Haguro: Ugh... You tryin' to get me whipped?!
Kyojin: Now that you understand your place... Tadakatsu! Grab her!
Tadakatsu: ...Hey, ain't you in my class? Let's get you home.
Haguro: Holy shit, it's Minamoto the hottie! Why go home when there's, like, hotels or motels?
Tadakatsu: Don't gimme a headache. C'mon, it's home for you.
Haguro: Fine. But here's my number. Hit me up.
*She then went home with her friend.*
Kyojin: You going to call her?
Tadakatsu: Hell no.
Kyojin: Ahh... You tore up a piece of paper with a girl's number on it?
Tadakatsu: Forget that. Feels like there's more of 'em, more dumbasses hangin' out on the streets at night.
Kyojin: Of course there are. 'Tis the season of liberation.
*The two men moved on.*
*......*
*--Kawakami City, Heavy Industrial Area*
*It was a rustic place. At its entrance, a giant, 12-story amusement facility was under construction.*
Kyojin: 'Child Palace', they're calling it.
Tadakatsu: They moved the openin' date from the fall to this summer. It's been all over the news.
Tadakatsu: Looks like the perfect place to deal drugs.
Kyojin: Utopia... It's supposed to be highly addictive.
Kyojin: And it's a psychiatric drug, so it's legal. Which just makes things worse.
Tadakatsu: ...'Specially when there's people needin' that drug to live normal lives, too.
Delinquent 2: Wassup! Wassup, Minamoto-kun?!
Tadakatsu: Hey.
Delinquent: Oh. Beard-san. Working tonight?
Kyojin: Yeah.
*The two of them had a certain notoriety.*
*Kyojin had showed the night city glimpses of his power -- connections, raw might.*
*Which was the only way to earn obedience.*
*Tadakatsu was a confident fighter and a hard worker.*
Shimokitazawa: Ain't that Minamoto Tadakatsu? Guy looks strong.
Frivolous Guy: Huh, wha, bwuh? Him? Seriously? You sayin' he's that strong? Wowie, he sure don't look the part!
Frivolous Guy: Maybe I beat him, they'll be telling stories about me? Y'know, I do combat sambo. I can kick ass myself.
Shimokitazawa: Forget it. Let's go to a Hooters' instead.
Frivolous Guy: Hey, hey, Minamoto! Word is you're pretty strong. But I live to take out guys like you. So how 'bout I fuck you up?
Tadakatsu: ... *ignore*
Frivolous Guy: Hey, you gonna give me the cold shoulder? The law's light on kids these days. Maybe I'll kick your ass and do a month in juvie?
Tadakatsu: I'm startin' to get hungry...
Frivolous Guy: Argh! I'll be your judge, jury, and executioner. It's public hangin' time. Crying won't save ya! Kick-ass Strike Frivolity Bla--
Frivolous Guy: Ugh?!
Shimokitazawa: Hey, what's wrong? No one even touched you.
Frivolous Guy: Uh, uhb... Uhbbbbb!
*He collapsed, foaming at the mouth.*
Tadakatsu: He's convulsing... And foaming at the mouth... Another Utopia user?
Shimokitazawa: I quit the stuff myself. It gives a good high, but overdose and you're dealin' with that shit.
Kyojin: He even pissed his pants... That's some drug.
Tadakatsu: (Fuckin'... No way I want Kazuko to even hear about this shit, but...)
Tadakatsu: (Maybe I can go through Naoe, have him tell her only what she needs to know...)
Tadakatsu: (Tch. I get sick just thinkin' about the shit.)
Tadakatsu: (We gotta stop this from spreadin' any further!)
Kyojin: All right, let's continue our patrol.
Tadakatsu: Yeah.
Kyojin: Onto the next.
*Hours passed, and the night grew even later.*
*Until 6 a.m., when the crows took flight.*
Kyojin: From the light of dawn until the first people leave their homes, the world belonged to the crows.
Tadakatsu: Back up. Did we really need to come here?
Kyojin: Yeah. As thanks for all your hard work, you get to go take a bath!
Tadakatsu: Huh? There a public bath here?
Kyojin: Yeah. The place is called 'Soapland'. My treat.
Tadakatsu: Screw that! I don't want a whore!
Kyojin: Into guys, then? I get it, some people are born that way. Just don't start hitting on me.
Tadakatsu: No, there's a girl I like.
Tadakatsu: Thinkin' of her while in a place like that... I just can't do.
Kyojin: That's cute... Then I'll go on in alone.
Tadakatsu: You're goin'?!
Kyojin: I brought my medicine. This should keep me hard and firm.
Tadakatsu: ...Freakin' hell.
Kazuko: Ta-chan!
Tadakatsu: ...Tch. Why am I such a wuss?
*The curtains soon closed on the Crow Kingdom.*
*......*
*--Midday, Umeya in the shopping district.*
Gakuto: Yes, beef curry and kimukaru-don truly are what I call justice.
Takuya: I'm fine with just a large pork bowl...
Gakuto: ...The girl at the counter is really cute. Maybe I'll ask her out!
Takuya: Why do you always do this? Just sit down and eat your kimukaru-don.
Gakuto: But doesn't she look tired? I can use that.
Takuya: You really are tenacious... Although, I do respect that about you.
Gakuto: Yeah. No matter how bad it gets, I'll always try to pull off the win!
Gakuto: Oh, another customer? Ohhhh?!
Shakadou: 'Bout damn time we got some food... I'm starvin' over here.
Tatsuko: I'm so hungry.
Gakuto: Holy wow, she's astronomically hot! Right, Moro?!
Takuya: At least keep your voice down! ...Not that I disagree.
Shakadou: Tatsu, outta all your sisters y'got the most potential, if y'bothered t'try.
Tatsuko: Yeah, I know.
Shakadou: ...The gap between you'n the other two's just gettin' wider.
Tatsuko: But I don't really wanna be strong... What'll I eat?
Shakadou: I'm havin' a large bowl of pork miso soup a la carte.
Shakadou: And I don't gotta tell you I'm havin' it with extra broth.
Tatsuko: Then I'll go with this curry.
Shakadou: That won't fill you up. Get some pork too.
Tatsuko: Master, you really know this place well. You must like it.
Shakadou: It's thanks t'Umeya's food that I can fire energy waves.
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Shakadou: And she's already asleep... Damn, ain't no helpin' this girl.
Shakadou: Gah! Some of the egg shell got in the bowl.
Tatsuko: Master, how are you so bad at that? Zzz...
Shakadou: Shut your face... Huh?
Playboy: We came for some hot food, and found a hot girl!
Playboy 2: Food for my belly and food for my willie, check it out!
Takuya: (Whoa, some flashy loudmouths are heading our way)
Gakuto: (Hmph. They are nothin' compared to me.)
Playboy: ...?! W-W-W-W-W-W-Wassup?!
Playboy 2: H-H-H-H-H-Heyya!
Shakadou: Eh? Oh. Hey.
Tatsuko: Zzz... Mnyahh.
Takuya: (What's going on? Why am I getting shivers down my spine?)
Gakuto: (She looks so cute when she's sleeping. Like Sleepin' Beauty in the flesh.)
*--The Friday Meeting.*
Yamato: There's something I'd like to show you all today.
Kazuko: Huh? What? Is it food? Is it tasty?
Yamato: Calm down, Wanko! Don't jump at me.
Kazuko: *pant* *pant* *pant*
Miyako: Now wait.
Kazuko: *whine*
Yamato: ...I'm sorry, but this isn't something you're going to enjoy.
Chris: You look unusually serious. Tell us.
Yamato: Take a look at this.
Yamato: Uh, it's my hermit crab figurine.
Chris: ...Hey.
Yamato: But seriously, I mean this.
*I put the item at question atop the table.*
Chris: ...A drug?
Yamato: Yes. They call it 'utopia'.
Gakuto: It sounds like it's promisin' something. Too much somethin'.
Yamato: It's a pretty fantastic antidepressant.
Yamato: It's supposed to raise your spirits and put you in a state of joy.
Matsukaze: Utopia, eh? Good name for it.
Yukie: Well, some people need those drugs.
Kazuko: But I've never heard of this one before.
Yamato: I hear it's a pretty new.
Yamato: It's only supposed to be given to those who suffer from severe disorders.
Yukie: Why is that?
Yamato: Well, because even though a lot of hard work went into making these pills...
Yamato: There's some people out there selling them for illegal use.
Takuya: So there's prescription drug abuse going on?
Yamato: There is. These are sometimes called law-evading drugs, or legal drugs.
Momoyo: Drugs, huh? That's definitely not something I like talking about here.
Yamato: So Gen-san, he said these were becoming mainstream. He wants us to watch out.
Yamato: He also said it's easy to avoid the pitfalls in your daily life if you know they're there.
Yukie: He really is nice, isn't he?
Gakuto: Hah. He's a busybody, even if he doesn't look it.
Yamato: But I'm thankful for it.
Yamato: Thanks to him, we can all be on our guard.
Yamato: To sum things up, this is a powerful, addictive psychiatric drug.
Yamato: You'll feel good if you take it, but it's a gateway drug.
Yamato: Don't get fooled just because they're legal. Don't get involved.
Miyako: Roger.
Kazuko: 'Kay!
Kazuko: But if they're legal, they can't be that strong, right?
Yamato: Of course not.
Shouichi: But taking this risks putting you on the the path to using something tons more dangerous.
Yamato: And accidental overdoses can cause physical harm.
Yamato: In particular, Utopia overdoses cause you to foam at the mouth and cloud your mind.
Yamato: It's extremely dangerous... And yet, it's legal.
Momoyo: Such sweet temptation. Summer... the season of danger.
Gakuto: I believe only in protein supplements.
Yamato: Then Nee-san, would you please incinerate this?
Momoyo: Got it. Time for a little cremation.
*The medicine burst into charred flecks in her hand.*
Shouichi: So then, anyone got any questions?
Yukie: I'm good, thanks!
Momoyo: Hmm, good to see everyone's taking the right view of this.
Chris: ...Apologies, but I suppose I do have a question.
Yamato: Sure, go ahead.
Chris: I understand the thrust of your argument... However, what will we do about it?
Yamato: What do you mean?
Chris: Should we destroy their means of transport?
Momoyo: Hahaha. Kuri, you really know how to make a girl smile.
Chris: Have we not the ability to handle that?
Yamato: So in other words, you want to stop the sale of this drug?
Chris: I do. Caution alone is no defense.
Chris: This brings to mind something my father once told me.
Chris's Father: Chris, listen closely.
Chris's Father: You have the right to proactive self-defense.
Chris's Father: You must remember that the best defense is a good offense.
Chris: ...That's what he said.
Takuya: The right to proactive self-defense... That's pretty extreme.
Yamato: I understand your point, Chris. But we can't.
Chris: All right, but why?
Yamato: Moro, do you have it?
Takuya: Here it is. Could you look at this?
*Moro put his laptop where everyone could see it.*
Yamato: This is a forum for drug trading.
Chris: 'Selling Utopia'... You are right. The medicine really is being traded.
Chris: Then we need but strike this forum down.
Takuya: Well, here's another site.
Chris: They are selling the drug here, too?
Takuya: And here's yet another.
Chris: ...There is no end to them, is there?
Momoyo: It's legal, so there's plenty of ways for people to get their hands on it.
Momoyo: All that's left is to deal it out. There's no end to them.
Chris: I see...
Shouichi: It's not like Utopia's the only drug out there.
Shouichi: There's always gonna be more out there.
Shouichi: So everyone, keep an eye out there and take care of yourselves.
Chris: ...Mmm, I understand.
Chris: In the Yamatomaru Dream Diaries, the cast raided a shipping company that was selling opium, but...
Takuya: But nowadays, things aren't that simple.
Yamato: So as a rule of thumb, we have to just leave such things alone.
Yamato: ...But that said...
Yamato: There's still times where we have to fight to the bitter end.
Miyako: Mm-hm. There's times where we have to crush them.
Chris: I think I understand now just what such times would be.
Yukie: Great!
Shouichi: Well, for now, we'll each keep an eye out.
Shouichi: Besides, we don't need that stuff. The world's filled with fun!
Shouichi: I gotta feel bad for the people who have such a narrow view that they can't see none of that.
Momoyo: Well, you can get high just being you.
Takuya: He's a fountain of endorphins.
*The room filled with laughter.*
*The Friday Meeting continued until the late hours of the night.*
*--Gambling hall, the day's games were at a climax.*
Class C Student 2: It'll be odd this time! I know it!
Yamato: You've got a scary amount of passion there... Maybe you're right.
Yamato: But... We have to have a game. I don't like it, but I'll bet on even.
Pheromone: Snake-eyes. Even!
Class C Student 2: Gaahhhh!
Yamato: Haha. As luck would have it, I win. Sorry, kouhai.
Kazuko: Yay! You did it, Yamato!
Yamato: Then I'll take the 40,000 yen you wagered.
Class C Student 2: ...Gah, that's all my savings. And I was winning at first, too.
Yamato: Don't feel too bad about it. Everyone has their ups and downs. See ya.
*Wanko and I began our triumphant return to the classroom.*
Kazuko: 40,000, all at once? That's amazing! Think of all the food you could buy me!
Yamato: My real take is only 20,000. I have to give half of it back to the dealer later.
Kazuko: Oh, so you really did cheat.
Yamato: And hopefully, that freshman will learn his lesson... Hmm?
Class C Student 2: Hey, Senpai, wait!
*Six freshmen were lined up abreast.*
Class C Boy 1: Senpai... We're taking that money back. By force, if necessary.
Yamato: Wow... Look at you guys. You look ready for anything.
Class C Student 3: You might be our senpai, but if you don't do as we say, we'll rough you up.
Yamato: ...Sounds fun! Go ahead and try!
Class C Student 2: Heh heh. I can lose all I want, as long as I don't pay up. If I do pay, I just have to take the money back.
*The freshman threw a punch.*
Class C Student 3: Take this!
Yamato: Hwa-cha! *dodge*
Class C Student 3: And this!
Yamato: Whew! *dodge*
Class C Student 3: Huff, huff, what the hell? Quit running, dammit!
Kazuko: Thanks for waiting. You're the last one, right? Let's fight!
Class C Student 3: Huh? Hagh!
*With that, Kazuko finished off the last of the freshmen who'd surrounded me.*
Kazuko: Mmm, I feel kinda bad doing that to a bunch of novices.
Yamato: How badly did you hurt them?
Kazuko: I held back. They'll be able to move soon.
Class C Student 3: Uh, ooooh, it hurts...
Yamato: She's a really reliable guardswoman, this little lady.
Class C Student 3: ...Ugh... I didn't know... girls these days... were this strong...
Kazuko: Well, I do work out a lot!
Class C Student 3: ...However -- Gah! -- you're nowhere near as strong as her.
Kazuko: Hm? Did I hear what I think I heard, Yamato?
Yamato: You've piqued my interest. Who's this girl?
Class C Student 3: *cough*... There's a new place out on Oyafukou Street. Blue Skies Arena. Oww...
Kazuko: Blue Skies... Arena? I like the sound of that!
Yamato: I think I've heard of it. They hold no-holds-barred matches. In other words, street fights.
Yamato: That kind of place would have a gallery for spectators to bet.
Kazuko: Whaaat? You should've told me there was someplace that fun.
Yamato: The place it's in isn't safe. I don't want you going there.
Kazuko: I'm glad you're looking out for me, but I'm not a little kid anymore.
Yamato: You're right. You're a little Shiba. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Hauuuuuu.
Class C Student 3: Huff, huff... Anyways, you twit, about the Blue Skies Arena...
Class C Student 3: I love gambling, so I gave the place a try.
Yamato: How about showing your senpais a little respect?
Class C Student 3: Y-Yes, sir. Anyways... What do you think happened?
Yamato: By the look on your face, someone famous must have showed up in the ring.
Class C Student 3: Oh, y-you are sharp. You're right. Messi, the Argentinian, was at the arena.
Kazuko: Messi... You mean the Sun-Child?
Class C Student 3: Yes. South America's Number 1 fighter came to Kawakami.
Kazuko: But why?
Class C Student 3: Word is Shibukawa-san invited him.
Yamato: Shibukawa-san... Isn't he a famous local jujutsu practitioner?
Kazuko: Oh. So Messi came here to see Shibukawa-san's jujutsu.
Class C Student 3: Anyways, while he was here, they took him to the Blue Skies Arena as a joke.
Class C Student 3: Messi's currently going on a worldwide training tour. He kicked ass at the Arena. No one could lay a finger on him.
Class C Student 3: It was then that a single girl came up and challenged him.
Class C Student 3: Normally, you'd never expect some girl to hold a candle to Messi.
Class C Student 3: But on the contrary, that girl went up against a world-class opponent...
*--Blue Skies Arena.*
Messi: Gwah?! *cough* *Cough!*
Messi: Wh-Who is this girl? She's too strong.
Shibukawa: I don't toss around the word 'prodigy' freely...
Shibukawa: But that's what she is... a true prodigy.
Messi: I never imagined there was another monster out there besides Kawakami Momoyo...
Messi: ...Guh.
Class C Student 3: That's what happened.
Kazuko: Messi lost? But that's huge.
Class C Student 3: Well, it wasn't a formal battle, so...
Kazuko: So, umm, what sort of girl was she?
Class C Student 3: She was probably a year or two older than me. Her name was... Itagaki, or something?
Kazuko: That means she's my age!
Kazuko: ...Itagaki...
Yamato: I remember hearing that name back around the start of May.
Yamato: Wasn't Itagaki the one picking fights on Oyafukou Street?
Kazuko: Hmmm... I get it.
Kazuko: I really want to meet her!
Yamato: And have a conversation with your fists? ...But you'd better not go down Oyafukou Street.
Kazuko: But--
Yamato: No buts!
Kazuko: Waaahhhhhhh! Fine, I won't!
Yamato: These days, that area's no place for fun and games.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! We shall patrol today, Azumi!
Azumi: Yes, sir! Where shall we patrol, Hideo-sama?!
Hideo: Horinosoto Town, also known as 'Oyafukou Street'.
Azumi: Whaaat?! Why go to a place like that?!
Hideo: Because reports indicate a collapse in public safety over there.
Hideo: Our patrols this week shall restore order.
Azumi: But Hideo-sama, surely there's no need for you to handle such things yourself.
Azumi: I'll order several members of the Kuki household's servant corps to patrol.
Hideo: Good. That ought to help as well. But Azumi...
Hideo: A leader must patrol his town and hear the voices of the citizenry.
Hideo: He mustn't flee a place solely because it is unsafe!
Azumi: Of course not, Hideo-sama!
Azumi: I, Oshitari Azumi, shall protect you with all my strength!
*With that, the rickshaw departed for Horinosoto.*
*--Oyafukou Street.*
Hideo: Mwahahaha. This place has a peculiar air about it.
Hideo: A yakiniku-and-hooker combo... Very efficient.
Hideo: As planned, We shall spend this week predominantly patrolling this area.
Azumi: ...Hideo-sama, umm, well...
Hideo: What is it? You may speak freely.
Azumi: Is there a part of you that wants to patronize that store?
Hideo: Prostitutes are a commoner's vice. Why must We pay money to touch another's body? The very thought is absurd.
Azumi: It was a stupid question, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Furthermore, We love but one woman -- Kazuko-dono. Our love for her is so vast, We must be soulmates!
*--Twenty minutes later.*
Chika: This feels like where the creeps would hang out.
Seller: Hey there, miss.
Seller: Hey, hey, you interested in some drugs?
Chika: No.
Seller: They're legal. Completely legit.
Chika: They're legal...?
Seller: Yes, yes. You don't gotta worry yourself nothing over having some.
Seller: Honestly, only an idiot would do hard drugs.
Seller: But this'll still make you feel pretty good.
Seller: And all the cool kids are doing it.
Chika: (It's popular, and legal... Hmm.)
Chika: (I wonder what it feels like.)
Seller: Since it's your first time, I'll give you a good deal. What do you say?
Chika: (It might be cool to have some with me. And it'd totally make for a good story.)
Seller: I'm practically givin' this stuff away. What do you say?!
Chika: ......
Class C Girl 1: ...Mm...
Iyo: Mayucchi, want some bean daifuku?
Yukie: Wow, I'd love some.
Iyo: *om nom nom* Sorry, Matsukaze, but I don't have enough for you.
Matsukaze: No worries. I ate my fill of grass this mornin'.
Iyo: So you eat grass...
Yukie: This is really good.
Iyo: Right? Oh, I just have these urges to start eating something every so often.
Matsukaze: Yo, how do you keep that slim figure of yours?
Iyo: Maybe it's all the cheering I do for my family when they play baseball.
Iyo: When I go to the ballpark, if I get really into it, I'll sometimes lose two full kilograms. No joke.
Matsukaze: Damn, girl...
Iyo: Well, the Nanahama Bay Stars got a new manager.
Iyo: And it was an interleague game, so I had to really cheer them on.
Class C Girl 1: Uh... I don't... feel so good...
*Suddenly, one of their classmates collapsed.*
Yukie: Are you all right?
Class C Girl 1: Ughh... I'm fine, I'm fine.
Yukie: ...She doesn't look injured. How's she been?
Class C Girl 2: She's been like this since this morning.
Class C Girl 3: She's the type to stay out late partying. Maybe she's got a hangover?
Class C Girl 1: Ahahaha.
Yukie: ...She does seem somewhat out-of-sorts.
Matsukaze: She's foamin' up at the corners of her mouth. And convulsin'.
Matsukaze: She looks just like a Japanese belladonna... Oh!
Yukie: (Perhaps she's suffering the effects of that drug.)
Matsukaze: (Could be... I'd even bet on it.)
Iyo: What is it, Mayucchi?
Yukie: No, no, it's nothing.
Matsukaze: (This mean Utopia's made it all the way to school?)
Yukie: (I don't know, but...)
Yukie: (If it has...)
Iyo: Bwuh?
Yukie: (It means that even someone as kind as you, Iyo-chan, might be in danger.)
Yukie: I'll go call a teacher!
Yukie: (They will pay for this.)
Kosugi: Hm? What's the cause of this premium commotion?
Kosugi: ...Mayuzumi-san, what happ... Huh?
Yukie: ......
Kosugi: Aiiee?!
Yukie: Um, yes, what's the matter?
Kosugi: (Just now, she was filled with fighting spirit, and behind her I saw a vision of Ashura...)
Kosugi: (A true daughter of a sword-saint... That is so premium.)
*......*
*Chika and Mayo were walking together along the banks of the Tama.*
Mayo: Sheesh, I'm sweating so much in this heat.
Chika: ...I guess so.
Mayo: But it's the perfect season for barley tea.
Chika: Yeah.
Mayo: ...What's wrong, Chika-chan?
Chika: Huh? What? Nothing's wrong!
Mayo: You've been acting really weird all day.
Chika: Oh...
Mayo: You can't get anything past a big sister like me.
Mayo: What happened?
Chika: W-Well... The truth is... Look at these.
Mayo: Are those drugs?
Chika: Yeah. Ones that make you feel real good.
Mayo: Huh?
Chika: Like, didn't I tell you before how they're getting totally popular?
Mayo: You bought those, Chika-chan?
Chika: Well, this merchant called out to me, and...
Mayo: You bought them, didn't you?
Chika: I, I like, never do this stuff.
Chika: But I was kinda curious, so...
Chika: I just sorta happened to...
Chika: But I guess I should probably stop, huh?
Mayo:  OF COURSE YOU SHOULD!
*She slapped Chika hard across the cheek.*
Chika: --Huh?
*She was stunned. She couldn't even process the fact that she'd just been slapped.*
Mayo: I'm punishing you because you did something very bad!
Mayo: Now give me those!
Chika: Ah!
Mayo: Do you even realize what you've done?!
*Mayo threw the drugs on the ground and started stomping on them.*
Mayo: Take this, and this!
Chika: Mayo... Th-There's no need to be so angry.
Mayo: Yes there is! How else am I supposed to react to something like this?!
*Mayo struck Chika with another loud crack.*
Chika: Oww...
Mayo: Drugs are for people who are unwell and suffering!
Mayo: They're not for someone healthy like you!
*Mayo kept laying powerful slaps on the bigger girls' cheeks.*
*Then, finally, Chika realized the weight of what she had done.*
Chika: I-I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Mayo... I...
Mayo: Have you finally opened your eyes?
Chika: I'm sorry... I... I don't know why I went and did that.
Mayo: It doesn't matter, so long as you understand.
Mayo: But never do something this scary ever again.
Chika: Mayo, I'm sorry I'm such an idiot...
Mayo: You really, really surprised me this time.
Chika: Ooooh, I know. There's nothing I can say.
Mayo: But at least I got to you before you did the drug.
Chika: Wahhhh, Mayo!
Mayo: There, there. Just never buy them again.
Chika: I know, I won't.
Mayo: ...However, this is a serious situation.
Mayo: We might have to tell the school, and have them get involved.
Chika: Ohh... Maybe I shouldn't have gone this way, not even to meet friends.
Chika: (But it's like, the shady atmosphere is totally relaxing.)
Chika: Well, even if another person tries to sell to me, I can just drive them off, no problem.
Chika: Giving them a firm 'no' will help me put this behind me anyways.
Chika: ...Hmm.
Chika: If Mayo hadn't gotten mad at me, I might have done something truly awful.
Chika: It's scary just thinking about it...
Seller: Ah, miss, it's you again. Mornin'.
Chika: Geh.
Seller: You enjoy the goods from last time? Weren't they great?!
Chika: No. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Seller: Aw, don't say that. C'mon, buy some more!
Seller: Oh! Bring a friend, and I'll give you a discount.
Chika: Mm...
*Mayo's face flashed in her mind.*
Chika: No thank you.
Seller: Aw, don't say that. You comin' here means you really want it, don't you?
Chika: No, I don't! I'm telling you, no!
Seller: O-Oh...?
Chika: Hmph!
Seller: ...Hey, why you actin' like that? Huh?
Chika: Umm?
Seller: You pussied out, so now you're playing dumb?! You that big of a fool?!
Seller: You got your hands on some dangerous stuff, miss, and now you and I are in this together!
Chika: Dangerous...? But wasn't it legal?
Seller: With a doctor's note, sure. From some guy on the street? No way.
Chika: What?!
Seller: You and I, we're both criminals. So there's no reason not to buy some. We both know you want it.
Chika: B-But I...
Seller: You want me to go call the cops on you?
Chika: But then they'd arrest you too.
Seller: Like I care! I don't give two shits about that!
Chika: Wh-What is with you? You're insane...
Rudy: HEY. WHAT YOU WANT. HAHAHA.
Seller: Looks like my friends are here. And Rudy, he likes getting pussy.
Rudy: OH NICE GIRL. WE MATE?
Chika: Wh-What's with these guys?
Seller: So buy! Do it! Do it! Do it!
Hideo: Hold it, you ruffians!
Seller: Wh-Who the hell are you?
Hideo: Oh villainry who would make Our beloved citizenry suffer, you will know justice!
Seller: Shut up with that god-damn nonsense and get fucked!
Hideo: Hwa-chaaa!!!
*A lightning-fast roundhouse kick exploded into the seller.*
Rudy: BASTARD!
Hideo: JUDGMENT!
Azumi: Oshitari Quintuple Impact!
*Azumi's punches sent the giant flying.*
Rudy: HAHA. YOU NOTH-UGH! GAH! GI! GEH!
*Holes from the strikes covered Rudy from head to toe and gushed with blood.*
Azumi: Judgment complete. I will allow no mischief to be directed towards Hideo-sama .
Hideo: Splendid. Our patrols have proven their worth.
*The Oshitari family is descended from the Fuuma ninjas.*
*There was no Oshitari fighting style. She simply wanted to hide that she was using Fuuma-style techniques.*
*Azumi was skilled in using smoke bombs, explosives, drugs, blinding powders... all secret arts passed down the Fuuma line.*
Hideo: Are you all right, beloved commoner?
Chika: Y-Yes, thanks to you.
Hideo: This item he had in his possession may be...
Azumi: I'll analyze it... *lick*... This is Utopia.
Azumi: It's a prescription drug that's lately grown in popularity.
Hideo: Oh? So this is the 'Utopia' that We heard of... it shall be confiscated.
Hideo: It is inexcusable how you deal such drugs, driving others into chaos.
Azumi: Shall we have the Kuki Corporation deal with this?
Hideo: Hm. It would be within Our power to clamp down on this drug...
Hideo: But used medicinally, it is powerful and effective. Therein lies the rub.
Hideo: Let then Our first act be to make all aware of the darkness dwelling undertoe.
Azumi: An excellent decision, Hideo-sama.
Hideo: Commoner, board Our rickshaw. We shall convey you to a safe destination.
Chika: Uh, well, I--
Hideo: You have no choice but to accept Our proposal! Mwahahaha!
Azumi: Yes yes, all aboard. And we're off!!!
Chika: Wahhh! It's fast, but everyone's staring!
*...The Shimazu Dorm.*
*Chris and I were watching DVD's of period dramas in the living room.*
Chris: Yamatomaru's fantastic sixth season... I approve. I especially love the ending to the final episode.
Yamato: The lyrics of the theme song, Song of the Wanderer, match perfectly.
Chris: In the final scene, does not the sight of Yamatomaru covered by a heat haze depict his life force itself?
Yamato: You really got into it, huh...
Chris: This time, perhaps we should leap backwards slightly and watch the fourth season?
Yamato: Sounds good. But all 26 episodes might be a bit much.
Chris: Then let us take each pick two of our favorite episodes at a time and alternate between them.
Yamato: Sounds good. ...Umm, my first two would be Resented Resenters and Destiny, I guess?
Chris: I shall pick the season opener and season finale.
*--Three hours later.*
Chris: Yamatomaru Dream Diaries 4 was rather dark.
Yamato: It's the darkest season of all, and heavily influenced by the times. But I like it.
Chris: It was tragic when his friends, along with the court ladies, were slain in the rain gutter...
Chris: All right, next let us watch episode 11: Yamatomaru's Battle with the Western Barbarians.
Yamato: That episode really captures the feeling of being caught in a slump and not knowing what to do. It's a masterpiece.
Chris: And it feels novel, thanks to the notable occult elements.
Yamato: Online, there's a lot of memes based on it.
Chris: Then I shall put it on.
Yamato: I'm still good, but what about you?
Chris: Hm?
Yamato: I mean, you already look like you're falling asleep.
Yamato: We don't have school tomorrow, but still...
Chris: Worry not for me. I am not tired.
Yamato: Really? You look like you're struggling to keep your eyes open.
Chris: I shall not sleep.
Yamato: If you say so.
*Halfway through the episode...*
Chris: Zzz... Mnyah...
Yamato: I knew it... You can act so spoiled sometimes.
*Chris had promptly fallen asleep.*
Yamato: Hey, Chris, wake up. Hey.
Chris: Zzz... Nngh... Ah.
Chris: Did I fall asleep? ...Apologies.
Yamato: We can watch the rest some other time.
Chris: Yes... You are right.
Yamato: Come on, and be careful heading up the stairs.
Chris: Yes...
Chris: Yamato, today was fun.
Chris: We must do this again sometime...
Yamato: Yeah.
*I figured I should spend a few minutes cleaning up.*
Yamato: ...Chris.
*When we first met, we didn't exactly get along.*
*How to put it... She would take the smallest little things far too seriously.*
*Which made it so easy to tease her.*
*And that made being with her fun.*
Yamato: From the very first time I met her...
*Something not entirely unlike fondness for her must have taken root inside me.*
*I had never felt that way about anyone other than Nee-san before.*
Yamato: Yeah, I'm really glad we became friends.
*Maybe there was even some timeline where we wound up together.*
*And thus the weekend night drew late...*
*Every Wednesday, our principal would share a few words with us during a morning assembly.*
*The entire student body was lined up on the grounds.*
Tesshin: We have a somewhat special assembly for you today.
Tesshin: Kuki Hideo has something he would like to say to all of you.
*A stir ran through the crowd around me.*
Tesshin: Normally, I wouldn't allow this, but due to the severity of the situation...
Tesshin: Well, let us listen. Kuki Hideo, go ahead.
Hideo: Azumi, the trumpets!
Hideo: Mwahaha! Good morning, everyone!
Hideo: We stand here today to warn the common people of a growing threat...
Hideo: Have you heard of a drug called Utopia?
*He went on to give a brief explanation.*
Hideo: This menace spreads even to Our school.
Hideo: The Kuki Corporation is making no small effort to combat the drug, yet eradication seems unlikely.
Hideo: Our best defense is for each and every commoner to be conscious of the threat and pay it no heed.
Hideo: Otherwise, even should Our family's strength crush Utopia, other drugs will rise to take its place.
Hideo: Our efforts today would be for naught. Do not foolishly hold faith in some great power, but rather remain vigilant and aware.
Hideo: Understand? The world is ever filled with sweet temptations.
Hideo: This drug is but one of them. It claims to show a path to utopia, yet the only window it can open is one to the collapse of your life.
Hideo: Indeed, We have already received reports of individuals believed to have been destroyed by Utopia.
Hideo: Do not recklessly dance to the tune of a stranger's words.
Hideo: If you do, you will fall into one of daily life's pitfalls.
Hideo: Know that nothing is more precious than you yourselves.
Hideo: We say to you once more -- the healthy should not partake of Utopia.
Hideo: Do not err by self-medicating!
Hideo: Taking an unnecessary pill leads to ruin!
Hideo: ...As for those who would take it all the same, so be it. Let such dregs be culled.
Hideo: But We pray no such fools exist.
Hideo: May each and every one of you act with pride in your hearts.
*All of the students listened intently to Hideo's speech.*
*I had to agree, this was important.*
Hideo: Well, it would be ideal to not encounter Utopia at all.
Hideo: The wise man ought to stray from danger, and commoners should do no less.
Hideo: Put simply, stay away from Oyafukou Street and its dangers that come at nightfall.
Hideo: This sort of warning would normally be the domain of the student council president.
Hideo: But We, as one who understands well the reality of Utopia, are acting in her stead.
Momoyo: Kuki's acting more like a student council president than you are.
Koppou Club Captain: HAHAHA! (<-Astonishingly, the student council president)
Club Captain Kyougoku: Well spoken. You have called to the hearts of those present.
Yamato: (That should minimize the damage. Good.)
*......*
*The skies above the roof were stained red by the setting sun.*
Yamato: Ahh... That was a good nap.
Shouichi: Zzz... My drill will pierce the... Zzz
*Capt was still sleeping like a baby.*
Touma: Oh, are you awake?
Yamato: Whoa, when did you get here? What are you doing?
Touma: I simply wished to watch you sleep so adorably, that it might bring me a certain sort of comfort.
Yamato: How many times do I have to tell you to stop giving me the creeps?!
Touma: Haha... On occasion, the urge to lie and tease is simply too much to bear.
Yamato: That was a lie? Thank goodness.
Touma: You are simply too cute, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: Quit it.
Yamato: And stop calling me 'kun'. We're not that close!
Touma: Oh, but think of how exciting it would be for the two of us to spend a night together, alone.
Yamato: That's a little too exciting for me.
Touma: I assure you, we would use plenty of lotion.
Yamato: What are you talking about?! It's exhausting being the butt of your jokes.
Touma: Would you prefer that I be the receiving end? Physically speaking, that is.
Yamato: Talking to you reminds me of an old friend of mine.
Miyako: Achoo!
Momoyo: What a cute sneeze.
Miyako: Yamato must be thinking about me. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: ...Oh, come to think of it, about this morning's assembly...
Touma: Hideo was quite cool, wouldn't you say?
Yamato: As the son of a doctor, how hard do you say it is to get your hands on a pharmaceutical drug?
Touma: Not very... Though, as the heir to Aoimon Hospital, I am quite troubled by the situation.
Touma: Are you aware of how widely the drug is sold online?
Yamato: Yeah. It barely took any searching to find a way to obtain some.
Touma: Yes, there are simply too many ways to obtain the substance.
Touma: Some have even taken to going to pharmacies bearing fake prescriptions for Utopia.
Yamato: Some people will try anything...
Touma: I have done some investigating myself...
Touma: And I suspect fully eradicating the drug to be impossible.
Touma: In the end, perhaps Hideo's method is best.
Yamato: To make sure each person has the mindset not to let curiosity get the better of them?
Touma: Indeed.
Yamato: I guess that really is the only way.
Yamato: ...Tch. Who the hell is so intent on dealing this stuff in Kawakami?
Touma: I haven't the foggiest... But I have nothing but hatred for the individual.
Touma: Especially as the son of a doctor.
Touma: ...How was that? Did I sound cool?
Yamato: Sure, right up until that last line.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Here you are, Touma, Our one-and-only friend!
Yamato: Gah -- speak of the devil...
Hideo: Touma, the explanation of Utopia you devised truly was wonderfully clear. All at the assembly now comprehend its threat.
Touma: It was an honor to be of assistance, Hideo.
Hideo: All that remains is to determine why Utopia is spreading so widely within Kawakami alone.
Touma: Yes. I shall investigate to the best of my abilities.
Hideo: Good. We thank you for your cooperation.
Yamato: You two are really close too.
Touma: Well, we are the best of pals.
Hideo: Indeed!
*The two threw their arms around each other.*
Hideo: Let Us proudly tell you of the story of Touma and We.
*As the sun slowly set,*
*I listened to their tale.*
*Kuki, who'd had to abandon his dream after an act of terror. Aoi, who'd stood by his side.*
*...So Kuki'd developed a soft spot for him.*
*And so I managed to catch a glimpse of their relationship.*
*......*
Chika: Hmm, I think I wanna buy more summer clothes.
Haguro: Me too. Like, I'm totally gettin' it on with five hotties this year.
Seller: ... Heh heh. There you are. I've finally found you.
Rudy: OOOH. WOUNDS THROB.
Seller: Looks like that maid's not around to save you this time.
Chika: Haguro, you are just...?!
Chika: (Th-Them again? I'll just ignore them.)
Haguro: We so gotta go pick out the underwear for when I go ham.
Seller: Hey there, miss!
Chika: (Wh-Why won't you just leave me alone?!)
Haguro: Hm? You know him, Chikarin?
Rudy: HAHA. WE BEST BUDS RIGHT?!
Seller: Miss, you wanna buy some of what your girlfriend's had?
Haguro: ...Huh? What's this? That Utopia stuff?
Seller: Oh, you've heard of it. Great. Wanna try one?
Rudy: IT MAKE FEEL GOOD. BRING TO UTOPIA.
Haguro: My girlfr... Chikarin, you bought some?
Seller: Yes, she did... That's why she knows me.
Seller: Go on, tell her how great it was.
Chika: I have no idea who you--
Seller: Oh, I think it's a little late to play the fool!
Rudy: ONCE BUY NO LEAVE!
Haguro: I'm so lost here, but I ain't buyin' nothin'!
Haguro: You ain't doin' this stuff either, right, Chikarin?
Chika: ...Nope!
Seller: Huh? You're not going to contribute to my little business?
Haguro: Get lost, you creep!
Seller: Huh? You wanna fight, you cocky little black pig?!
Haguro: Shut up... Have some fuckin' Asian mist!
Rudy: LOTS PEOPLE WATCHING HERE.
Seller: Tch. Then let's call it a day.
Haguro: Hah. Don't underestimate the daughter of a heel! Though I'd fuck you in a heartbeat if you were hot.
Haguro: They finally got lost. Like, that was so annoyin'.
Chika: Thank you, Haguro. And... Sorry, I guess?
Haguro: Don't worry about nothin', Chikarin! Besides, we finally gonna pick out my new underwear!
Chika: Ahaha... That's all you have on your mind, isn't it?
*......*
Haguro: See ya! Like, bye-bye, Chikarin!
Chika: Yeah, like, bye-bye.
Chika: Hmm, I sorta wound up buying a lot.
Seller: You're finally alone... Heheh. I never give up.
Chika: You've been following us the whole time?
Rudy: YEAH! HAHAHA. READING ALLCAPS ANNOYING, RIGHT?
Chika: What do you want with me now?! Like, do you want to get roughed up again?
Seller: I am hard at work here trying to run a business, but...
Seller: You're good lookin'. I wanna blow a load in your cunt.
Chika: What...?
Rudy: HOT BODY. EHEHEHE.
Chika: Who'd--
Seller: I ain't goin' nowhere till you give me the okay.
Rudy: WE TELL PEOPLE YOU BUY DRUGS.
Chika: ...I'll call the police.
Seller: I already told you, I don't give two shits about that.
Seller: I tell the cops you bought drugs from me, and the and you're walkin' down the road to hell with me.
Seller: Heck, I'm only askin' for one round in the sack. That ain't much.
Rudy: MAYBE YOU ENJOY. IS PLUS?
Chika: Do you have any proof I bought drugs?
Seller: Heh heh... What do you think?
Seller: Me, my boss has me tape record every transaction.
Chika: Huh?
Seller: So you see, I've got a record of every sale.
*On his recorder was in fact a recording of him selling Chika drugs.*
Chika: You're keeping evidence that would incriminate you too?!
Seller: Some of us ain't so scared of lockup.
Chika: You're seriously messed up...
Seller: So, what'll it be? You gonna sleep with me, or you gonna sleep in jail?
Rudy: THINK HARD. WE WAIT TILL SUNDOWN.
Seller: If you choose my dick, come to the 51st factory in the industrial district alone -- it's abandoned.
Rudy: UWAHAHA. COPS COME, WE HIDE.
Chika: ...Kh!
*--At the secret base.*
*All of the guys (and none of the girls) had gathered here.*
Takuya: This... is the cardboard box that was placed in front of the abandoned building.
Gakuto: And within... is a trove of porn!
Yamato: Even now, there's still porn inventory clearouts.
Gakuto: Then let's start divvyin' it up!
Shouichi: ...You guys looking at that nudey stuff again?
Yamato: Capt, look at this. Doesn't it make you feel aroused?
*I showed him a picture of a beautiful woman spreading her legs wide for a man's dick.*
Shouichi: Yuck, that's grotesque. Keep it away from me.
Gakuto: ...Seriously? There's somethin' really wrong with you.
Yamato: Well, that means there's one less person who gets a share of the treasure.
Gakuto: Okay, let's do this, startin' with the DVD's. 'Fawn on Your Big Sis: The Great Sexcapade.'
Yamato: Yeah! I want this.
Gakuto: I desire anything featurin' older ladies!
Takuya: Ahh... First item, and already we have an argument over who gets it.
Takuya: For now, want to watch it on my laptop?
*He inserted the DVD and pushed play.*
Shouichi: Whoa, you guys are naughty!
*Capt left.*
Yamato: Tch, no anal?
Gakuto: You really do like your anal, don't you...
Takuya: It's such a shocking truth to everyone.
Gakuto: Ahh... Seein' that's given me a hard-on, dammit.
Yamato: ...Hm? My phone? Class Rep doesn't usually call me.
Yamato: Hello, this is Yamato.
Yamato: Huh? You want to talk? Now...? All right, we'll meet on the big bridge.
*Things sounded extremely serious.*
*Class Rep had been good to me. I could at least hear her out.*
*After hiding the erotic goods on another floor, we headed to the Tama Bridge.*
*......*
Yamato: Oh, so Ogasawara-san's the one with the problem.
Chika: Yeah...
Mayo: I'm sorry, but it's so serious that I wanted to ask someone else's opinion.
Yamato: All right. Tell me.
Chika: Ummm, do I have to tell Shimazu and Morooka, too?
Yamato: Yeah. We might be needing their help too.
Gakuto: Leave the fight scenes and shows of strength to me.
Takuya: We'll do whatever we can, okay?
Chika: Mmm... But like, I don't really want them to know.
Yamato: They came because they're worried too. You can trust them.
Mayo: Chika-chan, I'm sure Gakuto-san and Morooka-chan won't...
Chika: Ooh, fine... But you have to keep it a secret.
*Ogasawara Chika began to explain.*
Yamato: --Okay. And it's already been several hours, right?
Chika: ...Yeah.
Yamato: Still, it was pretty silly of you to buy drugs from him.
Chika: I know that... It's just, at the time, it seemed like no big deal.
Chika: I never thought things would go this far.
Mayo: Personally, I really do think she should go to the police.
Yamato: Yeah, that'd be best.
Yamato: Let the professionals crack down on the heathen outlaws.
Chika: If I do that... what happens to me?
Yamato: You'll get chewed out, I'm sure, but probably no worse than that. But I can't make guarantees.
Chika: I-I see... Yeah, you're right.
Gakuto: Wait, wait, wait! Yamato!
Yamato: Look, I know what you want to say, but--
Gakuto: But what? There's only two of them!
Gakuto: So let's rough them up, take that recorder they're carryin' around and smash it to pieces! That would settle everything.
Gakuto: And if they don't have the recorder on them, we'll think of somethin'. How about it?
Yamato: ...You know, do you think this is the darkness lurking in our daily lives that Gen-san was talking about?
Takuya: Yeah. The less we have to do with that stuff, the better.
Gakuto: Look, I understand. But think. No matter how you slice it, this matter is tiny! It's just a lame bit of darkness.
Gakuto: If there is some group out there sellin' drugs, then these guys must be an element of their organization.
Gakuto: Don't tell me you're scared of a few pipsqueaks like that. Even if they do have friends with them, barely any will be on our level.
Yamato: Well, you're not wrong... But all the same, I still recommend going to the po--
Gakuto: Yamato, do you think that I, Gakuto, can't beat a few scrubs?
Yamato: If I thought that was all there was to it, I wouldn't be this anxious.
Gakuto: Hey, Yamato...
Gakuto: I want to show Chikarin how much of a man I am.
Gakuto: This might be my chance to get with her.
Gakuto: Whatever happens, it'll be on my head!
Gakuto: So let me be a man. Let me fight!
Yamato: ...If this is about being a man, then how can I stop you?
Gakuto: Thanks, Yamato.
Gakuto: That settles it! Hey, Chikarin!
Takuya: Uh... Are you sure?
Yamato: This is how Gakuto's chosen to live... I have to respect him for it.
Yamato: But even so, as his tactician, I can't just watch...
Gakuto: So, I am goin' to let them have it!
Gakuto: And wouldn't that make you happier than goin' to the police?
Mayo: But Gakuto-san, if you do that, then...
Gakuto: All of my trainin' has been for moments like this.
Gakuto: So let be the sort of man who can protect one of the girls in his class.
Chika: Shimazu...
Chika: Then I'm going too.
Gakuto: It'll be dangerous. Dangerous AND scary.
Chika: Like, I'm scared... But doing nothing is just...
Chika: I caused all of this.
Chika: So like, maybe it's right for me to go there and end things myself.
Yamato: There's a possibility you might be taken hostage.
Chika: Don't worry. I'm good enough that they won't catch me.
Yamato: (Based on what? Are you drunk on the thought that you're the heroine of the story?)
Yamato: (Yeah, they're definitely going to need some support.)
Gakuto: It'll be fine! I swear that I will keep you safe!
Chika: I know. Thank you.
Gakuto: Let's go get 'em!
Yamato: ...Yeah.
*The two of them headed towards the industrial area.*
Mayo: Naoe-chan, I have a really bad feeling about this.
Yamato: Yeah. I'll head out to support them, so Class Rep, I want you to wait at home.
*I know the destination, the 51st factory.*
*I could call in some backup and protect Gakuto's six.*
*And a little bit of a delay would be enough that Gakuto wouldn't feel embarrassed by our showing up...*
*While still being enough to give me peace of mind.*
*I flipped open my phone and thought about who to call...*
*...Nee-san. Who better?*
*A whole army could be waiting to ambush us, and she'd still win.*
*What better resort against an unknown foe than our strongest trump card?*
*......*
Gakuto: So then, is the abandoned factory somewhere around here?
Chika: ...Hey.
Gakuto: Hm?
Chika: I guess maybe I've said some pretty bad things about you...
Chika: But even so, you're here. Thank you.
Chika: Like, I won't say those things ever again, so...
Gakuto: Haha, don't worry about it.
Gakuto: (Did I -- did I just trigger the flag for her to become my girlfriend?!)
Rudy: REPORT TRUE. MAN REALLY HERE.
Seller: So, what's this mean, Chikarin?
Chika: What...?!
Seller: Heh heh. I looked up your name, Ogasawara Chika-chan.
Seller: You're pretty famous. Well, with that body, can't say I'm surprised.
Seller: I take it you've decided to come quietly to my bed?
Chika: As if!
Chika: Who'd ever sleep with you?!
Seller: Huh? What about the evidence I've got on this recorder?
Gakuto: You'll be givin' that to me.
Gakuto: I'll destroy the recorder, and that will be that.
Rudy: YOU UNDERESTIMATE ME... KILL MAN, RAPE GIRL.
Seller: Yeah, Rudy, go get 'em. Make it grand.
Seller: Rudy here? He might look pathetic, covered in bandages, but he's fuckin' good in a fi-
Rudy: Ugh!
*Gakuto fired an explosive right straight punch into Rudy's face.*
Gakuto: He's nothing.
*Rudy quivered on the ground for a few moments, then fell unconscious.*
Seller: You gotta be fuckin' with me. Rudy defeated and fucked a wild boar -- there's no way you'd...
Seller: Well, seems like gatherin' up all of my friends was the right play.
*Villainous men poured out of the rafters.*
Gakuto: There's, what, ten of you?
Seller: They're gonna be the bonus silhouettes durin' the gang rape scene.
Gakuto: Hah. After everyone's looked down on me lately, this is perfect.
Seller: You didn't even blink... What's with you?
Gakuto: Enough talk... Have at you!
Seller: (You're no small fry... In that case!)
Seller: *rustle* *rustle*...There we go.
Seller: Right, guys, it's warm-ups for the Carnival tonight. Go rough him up.
*All of the guys rushed Gakuto at once.*
*......*
Yamato: Tch. We're horribly late.
Takuya: I can't believe there's still some people around here with enough of a death wish to pick a fight with Momo-senpai.
Momoyo: People on this side of the station are a lot more violent. Which is just how I like it!
Momoyo: Every second, I feel more and more eyes staring at me!
Momoyo: Anyone else wanna fight?
Yamato: Nee-san! Stop glaring around and get to the abandoned factory!
Momoyo: Yeah, yeah.
Yamato: Hopefully nothing bad happened while you spent all that time out here.
Momoyo: Relax, Yamato. We're just up against some dumb punks.
Momoyo: Gakuto can handle ten of them, easy.
Yamato: ...I mean, yeah, but...
Yamato: (But something about this still feels wrong.)
*Only one guy had seen me, while the rest were rushing through.*
Watchman: That hot girl -- Isn't she--?!
Watchman: Collating data...! Danger level infinity? K-Kawakami Momoyo?!
Watchman: Shit. I have to hurry and alert Maroudo...
*......*
Chika: A... Amazing.
*All of the delinquents lay defeated on the floor around Gakuto.*
Chika: Y-You're that strong?
Seller: ...Seriously? Those guys out cold... They weren't weak.
Gakuto: I know it's hard to tell, when I'm surrounded by the girls in the Family...
Gakuto: But me? I'm 188 centimeters of pure muscle!
Gakuto: Of course I'm strong!
Seller: ...Heh. You've certainly got a ton of power.
Gakuto: ...So, now what? You're the only one left.
Seller: Oh, how scary. Stop glarin' at me.
Gakuto: Hand over the recorder and swear you'll never come our way again.
Gakuto: That's the best option you have right now.
Seller: You don't look like you've ever lost a battle. Pretty cool!
Gakuto: A true man doesn't like flattery!
Chika: ...Is it just me, or is he totally buying time?
Seller: You saw through me. But you're too late!
Seller: I realized how strong you are and immediately called for backup, so I win!
Gakuto: What?
Seller: Ryuu-san! I'm counting on you!
*A single man entered the abandoned factory.*
Ryuuhei: Is this the fighter?
Gakuto: Mm...
Chika: Aiiee...?!
*Ogasawara Chika trembled in fear.*
*The man before her seemed to ooze raw mayhem, like a wild beast made man.*
Ryuuhei: Heh heh. You're lucky I was nearby.
*He looked at Gakuto and Chika, sized them up.*
Chika: Sh-Shimazu... Like... He seems pretty dangerous.
Gakuto: Yeah. Without a doubt, he's strong. A huge threat.
Ryuuhei: You look like fresh prey... I'll be sure to treat you nice.
Seller: You poor things. With Ryuu-san here, you're dead.
Gakuto: Let me just say this: I have no business with you. I'm here for the man in the back.
Ryuuhei: So, you're not going to fight me? You're no fun.
Ryuuhei: We have to settle which one of us is the alpha male.
Gakuto: ...Fine by me. ...I like things simple.
Gakuto: Let's go, dammit!
*He unleashed his iron fist at his foe.*
Ryuuhei: That's a hell of an attack.
*He dodged it easily.*
Ryuuhei: But strength means nothing if you can't land a blow!
Gakuto: Gwah?!
*Ryuuhei's log-like kick doubled Gakuto over.*
Ryuuhei: Were those your ribs crackin'?! Then let's get some BBQ sauce 'cause I'm starvin'!
*He walked towards Gakuto, who had broken ribs and a bowed head.*
Gakuto: Gaahhhh!
*His shoryuken uppercut landed square on Gakuto's chin.*
Ryuuhei: Huh? Just a fracture? That's a hell of a jaw you got there -- it should've broken.
*Gakuto staggered from the blow, but he kept his feet under him.*
Gakuto: Peh! Dammit, don't you dare underestimate me...
*The saliva he spit out was red with blood.*
Ryuuhei: I'll destroy your face!
*This time, Ryuuhei went to deliver the finishing blow.*
*An arrow-like punch--*
Ryuuhei: You blocked me?!
Gakuto: I've got you now, you bastard!
Ryuuhei: Oh, your grip's as terrific as it looks!
Gakuto: Thanks for being kind enough to tell me you were goin' for my face.
Gakuto: Now it's my tur--
*A second later, Gakuto took a fierce blow to the head.*
Gakuto: Wh... what?
*He glared at the foe who had struck him from behind.*
Angel: Awww. I wanted to crush his head like a big tomato.
*There stood a young girl.*
Angel: Guess you're fuckin' sturdy, huh. Ahahahaha!
Gakuto: Gah...
*Gakuto's mind and body wavered, unsteady.*
Ryuuhei: Angel, you...
Angel: You're takin' too long, Ryuu, so I'm finishin' it!
Ryuuhei: No one asked for your help!
*Roared Ryuuhei as he launched a flying kick at the girl.*
Angel: Whoa! Watch it!
Ryuuhei: He's my prey! Not yours!
*He followed up his kick with merciless backfist blows.*
Angel: Whoopsy-daisy! Hahaha! You pretty bitchy for a guy!
Ryuuhei: Argh! I wanted to have more fun with him!
Gakuto: Gh... Shit, my head...
Chika: Sh-Shimazu...
Ryuuhei: But look at him! He's completely defeated!
Ryuuhei: I wanted to fight more! Dammit!
Angel: Ryuu, behind you. Behind!
Gakuto: Who... Who're you callin' defeated?!
Ryuuhei: --?!
*Though he could barely think, Gakuto still mustered up the strength for a single strike.*
Ryuuhei: Whoa there.
*And that strike demolished a wall of the factory.*
Angel: Wowie. You as powerful as you look.
Ryuuhei: ...Hahaha! Nice, you're the greatest prey!
Angel: Fuck yeah! Let's finish him!
Ryuuhei: This time, you stay out of this, Angel!
Gakuto: Dammit... I still can't see straight...
Chika: Shimazu! He's coming straight at you!
Gakuto: This way?
Ryuuhei: Whew, close one! I'm over here!
*Ryuuhei's scathing headbutt rattled Gakuto's brains.*
Gakuto: Ugh... Rooaaaarrr!
*And yet, Gakuto remained standing.*
Gakuto: Time for goddamn payback!
*Gakuto returned fire with his own headbutt.*
Ryuuhei: Gah?! Hahahaha. Good job landing a blow.
*Even after taking a direct hit, Ryuuhei didn't so much as wince.*
Ryuuhei: Take this! You're dead meat!!!
*His knockout headbutt landed square.*
Gakuto: ...Ugh, ga... ah...
*Gakuto shook violently, blood spurting from his forehead, then collapsed.*
Chika: Shimazu!!!
Angel: DA ENNNNNNNND!
Ryuuhei: Angel, it's T-H-E.
Angel: Huh? The what?
Seller: Wow, Ryuu-san, you really are strong...
Chika: Shimazu! Hey, Shimazu! Are you okay?!
*Chika rushed towards Gakuto's fallen form.*
*Ryuuhei watched her do so, enjoying the sight.*
Ryuuhei: The more I look at him, the more I like him...
Ryuuhei: Maybe a good fuck to satisfy my beastial hunger.
Chika: No, ple--
Ryuuhei: Out of the way, bitch! You stink!
*He knocked Chika aside.*
Chika: ...Huh?
Angel: Wahaha. Ryuu's totally gay.
Chika: ...Kh!
*No sooner had she taken out her cellphone then Angel smashed it with her golf club.*
Chika: Ah!
Angel: Don't call the police. You'll spoil the mood. Wahahaha!
Ryuuhei: Shimazu, was it? Nice body. I'll pierce it with my spear.
Gakuto: Y-You bastard. Don't you dare think you can lay your hands on me...
Ryuuhei: Struggling will only make it hurt -- like this!
*He bent Gakuto's left ring finger at a wrong angle.*
Gakuto: Guh...?!
Ryuuhei: Hahaha! Next, I'll break two fingers -- snip, snap!
*The beast didn't even show the slightest hesitation at breaking Gakuto's bones.*
Angel: Screw watchin' this sick show. I'm goin' home.
*She leapt, vanishing into the darkness,*
Chika: Uh, are you guys insane?!
Ryuuhei: Oh, Rudy, why don't you have some fun with the bitch?
Rudy: HEH HEH... TOTAL REVIVAL!
Seller: ...Huh? A call, now? From who... Geh!
Seller: Ryuu-san, we've been ordered to retreat -- Kawakami Momoyo's headin' this way!
Ryuuhei: Huhhh? Like I give a shit, you asshole.
Seller: And if it's Maroudo givin' the orders?
*Ryuuhei's cheeks blushed the slightest bit pink.*
Ryuuhei: ...Tch. If Maroudo says to retreat, then fine. Let's go.
Rudy: YOU KIDDING? YOU GIVE FEMALE, THEN SAY GO?
Ryuuhei: As crazy as ever when it comes to girls, eh?
Seller: Why not let him do as he wants? He's already snapped.
Ryuuhei: Yeah. I don't need men who won't listen to Maroudo.
Gakuto: Ma... Maroudo?
Rudy: HEE HEE. I HAVE FUN PLAYING ALONE!
Rudy: I ON UTOPIA, FEEL GREAT!
Chika: S-Stay back...
Gakuto: Hold it... I said I'd... protect her...
Gakuto: Don't you dare... lay one finger... on her...
Rudy: YOU... STILL FIGHT?
Ryuuhei: Oh...?
*Gakuto stood tall and proud before Chika.*
Gakuto: I can't move... but... my friends will be here... soon...
Gakuto: Until then... I will protect you.
Ryuuhei: You're that close to death? What a turnoff. I'm goin' home.
Gakuto: ...Ryuu, was it...? Remember this...
Ryuuhei: Huh?
Gakuto: I... I swear! I... will defeat you.
Ryuuhei: ... Heh heh. Just you try it, asshole.
Seller: Ryuu-san! Hurry!
Ryuuhei: I don't take orders from you! You wanna be strangled?!
Seller: AHHHHHHH IIII'MMMM SSSOOORRRRYYYY!
Ryuuhei: Hmph. ...Let's go.
Seller: *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* Y-Yes, sir!
*Ryuuhei and the dealer disappeared into that same darkness.*
Rudy: NOW MOVE, BIG MAN! LET ME DO GIRLIE!
Gakuto: Like I said, I'm not goin' anywhere...
Chika: Shimazu, what do I do...?
Gakuto: I'd tell you to run... but I don't see any safe place to run to.
Gakuto: So just rest and relax... You'll be fine...
Rudy: GAAAHHHH! MOVE!
*He smashed a concrete block into Gakuto's head.*
Chika: Sh-Shimazu!
Gakuto: You bastard... If my head... weren't hard as a rock... I'd be dead.
Rudy: SHUT UP! DIE!
*He struck Gakuto's head with a rock. Part of one tooth bounced onto the floor.*
Gakuto: Guh...
Rudy: YOU SANDBAG! ORA ORA ORA ORA!!!
Chika: H-He's insane... He must've overdosed.
*......*
Yamato: --So, this is the 51st factory?
Takuya: Is it just me, or is there a male voice making some really strange sounds?
Momoyo: It's Gakuto. He must be forcing the enemy to get serious.
Yamato: Let's stay quiet.
Momoyo: I just hope he left some for me.
*Momoyo and the rest casually walked through the door to see...*
Rudy: BASTARD! GIVE UP, FALL DOWN ALREADY!
Gakuto: ...Gh...
Chika: O-Ooh, Shimazu... You're going to kill him...
*Their friend being pummeled by an iron pipe.*
Momoyo: ...Gakuto.
*His face was swollen and his fingers were snapped.*
*Blood flowed endlessly from his lips, telling a tale of broken ribs and a pulverized chin.*
*Yet, it was when Gakuto saw that we'd arrived...*
Gakuto: ...Heh.
*...that he finally let himself smile and crumble to the ground.*
Rudy: FINALLY. NOW I CRUSH YOUR HEA--GWAH?!
*He found himself slammed up against the wall.*
Momoyo: I'll crush you!
*She held him there and smashed her fist into his face.*
*Broken fragments of his teeth scattering in all directions.*
*The impacting knocking his neck at an awkward angle.*
Takuya: G-Gakuto! Are you all right?!
Gakuto: Y... You finally... made it... Took you long enough, dammit.
Takuya: Whoa, you're messed up pretty bad...
Momoyo: I've called a squad of medics from the Kawakami Temple.
Gakuto: But I kept... her safe.
Chika: Oooh... I'm so sorry. This is all my fault...
*She went to wipe his wounds with a handkerchief.*
Gakuto: No... I'm sorry... I'm so pathetic...
Yamato: You can tell us what happened later. Right now, save your strength.
Momoyo: ...Good job keeping her safe.
Gakuto: That... was the one thing I had to do...
Gakuto: But... it took everythin' I had... Gah...
Chika: No, Shimazu...
*The man who had roughed up Gakuto so badly twitched on the ground.*
Momoyo: I spared your life -- and nothing else.
Takuya: He doesn't deserve that much.
Takuya: This went way too far for a fight!
Takuya: How dare! You do that! To Gakuto?!
*Moro mercilessly kicked the downed man.*
Yamato: Hey, if you keep kicking him, you really will kill him.
Takuya: Fine. The asshole's life is worthless!
Momoyo: ...The medics should be here soon.
Yamato: ......
*Nee-san was mad. Really mad.*
Yamato: (The drug-selling organization... They're as good as gone.)
*They'd crossed a line by beating up Gakuto this badly.*
*I'd investigate, dispatch Nee-san to their location, and she'd annihilate them. That would end this.*
*I'd summoned everyone.*
Chris: ...How inhumane, to beat you so.
Yukie: Gakuto-san...
*The Kawakami Temple had tended to Gakuto. He lay on his back, his body crisscrossed with bandages.*
Gakuto: Stop staring. I feel so lame...
Chris: That is untrue, Gakuto.
Chris: You kept the person you were protecting safe. You did fantastically.
Yukie: Yes, so rest easy now.
Lu: As you can see, it will take him two months to heal.
Lu: The average man would have been hurt far worse... Gakuto has an impressive constitution.
Chris: Thank goodness it was not more serious...
Yukie: Gakuto-san, we will right this wrong.
Matsukaze: Rest up, buddy. We're gonna bring you their heads.
Gakuto: Haha. Glad to see I can count on you.
Tesshin: Minamoto is here to visit you.
Gakuto: It's just one after another... Everyone's here to see me like this...
*...At sunset, along the Tama River.*
Shouichi: We've all seen what happened to Gakuto.
Kazuko: They were awful to him. Really awful.
Miyako: I... am angry. Capt.
Shouichi: Yeah. Listen up, everyone.
Shouichi: ...The drugs had nothing to do with us.
Shouichi: We thought we could just leave the whole thing alone...
Shouichi: But now they've hurt one of our friends.
Shouichi: So we're going to make every last one of those drug dealers pay.
Shouichi:  We'll crush them!
Yamato: No objections.
Momoyo: No objections.
Kazuko: No objections.
Miyako: No objections.
Yukie: No objections.
Chris: No objections.
Takuya: No objections.
*It was unanimous.*
Yukie: Some in my class have also fallen victim to Utopia.
Yukie: I don't think this is a problem we can ignore.
Chris: I suggested we annihilate them from day one.
Miyako: ...Well, let's find the drug dealers -- no, let's be more specific.
Miyako: We'll find the bastards trying to sell Utopia to students at Kawakami Academy and crush them. Okay?
Shouichi: Yeah! They even tried to pass some off to me!
Yamato: So then, let me introduce to you a powerful bit of backup we've got.
Tadakatsu: ...It ain't like I'm here to help you or nothin'...
Miyako: Why is he here?
Yamato: Because Gakuto asked.
*--One hour earlier, Kawakami Temple.*
Gakuto: ...Gen, I have a request.
Tadakatsu: What?
Gakuto: I know Capt and the rest are goin' to try to avenge me.
Gakuto: But this time, they're up against real villains.
Gakuto: Gen, you're strong and well-known. You can fill the hole I left in the party.
Tadakatsu: Hey, hold up. Are you askin' me to--
Gakuto: Please. Take my place, and keep them safe.
Tadakatsu: ...Screw that. This ain't a joke. I got no duty to protect them.
Gakuto: Gen...
Tadakatsu: But, fuck it. If you're gonna say all that, I can at least give them support.
Gakuto: ...Thanks...
Tadakatsu: What're you lookin' so relieved for? Don't get me wrong.
Tadakatsu: ...And that's what happened.
Kazuko: You're with us, Ta-chan? That's really reassuring!
Tadakatsu: Not to rush things, but from what I heard from Shimazu and Ogasawara, I know who we're up against.
Chris: That was fast. It will help greatly.
Tadakatsu: The man who hurt Shimazu is called Itagaki Ryuuhei.
Tadakatsu: He's united all the punks in Kawakami with a combination of overwhelming violence and fear... He's famous.
Yamato: Which means he and his soldiers are the ones selling the drug?
Tadakatsu: Correct. Any way you split it, Itagaki's gang is big.
Tadakatsu: He's even got authority over punks from other prefectures.
Chris: They sound like a very simple group.
Kazuko: But that's fine. It makes it easy for us.
Momoyo: Yeah... To be honest, I don't care what the enemy's like.
Momoyo: As long as I know when and where they're gathering...
Momoyo: I'll just show up, and that's that.
Matsukaze: Then they ain't even gonna stand a chance.
Momoyo: Matsukaze, this isn't a match.
Momoyo: It'll be nothing more than unilateral destruction.
Momoyo: They'll pay for what they did!
*When Nee-san was really mad, she didn't waste time.*
*She instead rendered the enemy powerless with unstoppable waves of violence.*
Shouichi: Gen-san, it's good to have you here taking Gakuto's place.
Tadakatsu: Hey, I ain't joinin' your Family or nothin'.
Yamato: But still, you're here to help... Thank you.
Momoyo: Anyways, what do we do until we know where they're gathering?
Yamato: I recommend we be on the lookout and whittle them down.
Shouichi: Yeah. We can start doing that right away.
Kazuko: More concretely, what are we going to do?
Yamato: We'll patrol the streets, moving always in three-man cells.
Yamato: If we find anyone selling drugs, we destroy them.
Tadakatsu: Well, I don't know how effective that'll be when you all look like you're out for blood...
Tadakatsu: But it should be enough of a threat that nobody else'll fall victim.
Tadakatsu: And don't go formin' a team without either me or Momo-senpai in it. Too big of a risk otherwise.
Kazuko: Whoa, Ta-chan, you're really helping out.
Tadakatsu: ...You're not gonna stop now, right?
Kazuko: Nope! This is for Gakuto!
Tadakatsu: ...Then I gotta keep the risk down to a minimum.
Chris: We are well aware of the danger.
Tadakatsu: ...Don't forget how badly Gakuto was beat up.
Tadakatsu: There ain't nothin' they won't stoop to.
Chris: We are not so fragile as to be scared off by that.
Momoyo: 'Cause when I'm through with them, they won't be able to raise a finger against us. Literally.
*Thus began the battle between us and the drug dealers.*
Miyako: Today's Tanabata, the day when the city fills with people.
Yukie: Which makes today a prime opportunity to sell drugs.
Yamato: So then... Let's patrol.
*We thought we'd try to prevent at least a few people from being hurt, but...*
Monk: Oh, Kazuko-dono! Everything is well here!
Kazuko: Wow. Everyone from the Temple is starting to patrol too.
Kazuko: And they've rounded up a ton of people...
Kazuko: Yamato, I don't think there's anything for us to do here.
Yamato: It looks like the school's also going all-out.
*--That night.*
Lu: Any bad children out there? ...No, there doesn't seem to be.
Kyojin: Oh? They're not even where I expected them to be.
History Teacher: Hmm, there are no suspicious individuals here, no.
Umeko: Nothing out of the ordinary here either.
Yamato: Ms. Ume? Are all of the teachers on patrol?
Umeko: Naoe and Minamoto? I understand you're angry over what happened to Shimazu...
Umeko: But we're going to keep as close of an eye on things as we can.
Umeko: Furthermore, we are taking full steps to restrict the sale of Utopia.
Umeko: Leave the rest to us adults, you should study for your semester exams!
Yamato: ...That was the advice she had for us.
Miyako: I see. So the adults are finally getting serious too.
Tadakatsu: ...Heck, should I really even be here?
Kazuko: I don't mind, not one bit.
Miyako: You are representing Gakuto...
Tadakatsu: Still, you guys have really spruced the place up.
Yamato: We recycled a lot of stuff. We're good at life hacking.
Momoyo: Hm? I can feel someone's presence.
Momoyo: There's a suspicious group approaching our building.
Takuya: Again? Doesn't it feel like there's been a lot of them recently?
Cookie 2: Then I shall exterminate them.
Cookie 2: My duties as guardsman have led to me often drawing my sword, as of late.
Yamato: If you can, try to drive them off without a fight.
Cookie 2: I know.
Kazuko: But you know...
Kazuko: If the teachers are all this serious, there's no way Utopia will grow any bigger.
Tadakatsu: About that... I get the feelin' there's no fewer drugs on the streets now than before.
Kazuko: Huh?!
Yukie: Wh-What do you mean?
Tadakatsu: There might be someone at our school...
Tadakatsu: ...who's feedin' information to the Itagakis.
Chris: Given the sheer number of students, tracking down who it is would be difficult.
Yamato: I wouldn't say that... We can narrow it down.
*The only ones who would know the teachers' patrol routes would be...*
Yamato: Even so, I need more information.
Yukie: There's also people from the Kawakami Temple keeping watch. That should be a deterrent, but...
Kazuko: So you think someone's predicting where the monks will go ahead of time?
Momoyo: That kind of feat would require skills on the level of assistant master.
Kazuko: Oh, so Assistant Master Lu betrayed us!
Momoyo: What?! He did?!
Kazuko: ... *snicker*
Momoyo: Heh heh, ahahahaha! Dammit, I can't hold it in.
Kazuko: Ahaha. Assistant Master Lu is way too straight-laced to do that.
Yamato: Hey, no inside jokes.
Miyako: ...Well, in the end, we still have to take them out at their roots.
Momoyo: In the end, yeah. Fine by me.
Tadakatsu: I'll look into it. You guys, study for your exams.
Kazuko: Oooh, how do you expect me to study when all the generals are preparing for war?
Chris: The ideal soldier is also an academic. We must endeavor on both fronts.
Yukie: She's right. Let's each do what we can.
Shouichi: Well, school's a battle too, in its own way. Do your bests.
Chris: Now hold on. You also have to take the tests.
Momoyo: Zzz... Mnyah.
Yamato: Argh. Please stop pretending you fell asleep the second we started talking about finals.
Takuya: ...And there.
Shouichi: Moro, what's all that clicking and clacking I hear from you back there?
Takuya: Ahaha. It takes a bit of time to put together all of the data.
Matsukaze: We owe you big for takin' care of that.
*This battle would not be a short one.*
*Our enemy was well-organized and mysterious.*
*A large group of people had gathered on the athletic field.*
Iyo: Wh-What's going on? Did something happen?
Kosugi: I heard Kuki-senpai, a sophomore, is going to show us something premium.
Kosugi: I don't know what it is, but I'm expecting a gaudy demonstration by one of the phenomenally rich!
Touma: Hideo, just what are you intending this time?
Koyuki: I wanna know! I wanna know!
Hideo: Mwahahaha. Watch and behold, Touma. We shall bring peace to the people's hearts.
Kyojin: Hey, I don't know what you're doing, but could you get started?
Hideo: Indeed. We are glad to see so many of you commoners have gathered at Our call.
Hideo: The status of Utopia, the drug running rampant on our streets, remains unchanged since a few days ago.
Hideo: However, Our teachers have taken to the streets and are hard at work to prevent any further casualties.
Hideo: And in order to further provide for your safety, We have used Our conglomerate's power to prepare a gift.
Yukie: What could he...?
Matsukaze: I'm gettin' another bad feelin' in my bones.
Hideo: Behold! Come here, Dark Ones!
*Hideo pointed at the sky.*
Chris: ...? Nothing is happening.
Miyako: Mm-mm. Something large is flying down at us.
Momoyo: It's flying, but I can't feel any ki... So it's a machine?
Miyako: That's Cookie! ...But it's the wrong color.
*Those Cookie-like machines landed on the field, one after another.*
Kosugi: Wow. How many are there in total, thirty?
Ikurou: The rich can do anything, huh.
Matsukaze: And here I'm just a humble, wood-carved strap.
Yukie: Well, this is the space age...
Iyo: Flying machines... If they joined the Nanahama baseball team, even if someone hit a dinger they'd still make the catch!
Hideo: Allow Us to introduce Our guards, the Dark Cookies.
Dark Cookie 1: Nice to meet you... However, I didn't realize there'd be so many people...
Dark Cookie 2: It's making me blush. I'm getting goosebumps.
Hideo: As guard robots, they are specialized in armed combat. And there are thirty machines in total.
Hideo: We shall place them throughout the city. This will make the city safer and lessen the burden on our teachers.
Dark Cookie 3: We have been ordered to defeat those dealing drugs. You can trust the Kuki brand. Count on us.
Dark Cookie 1: We are sturdy. Even if we are blown to pieces, as long as our core is safe, we can be restored with our memories intact.
Dark Cookie 2: Do not hesitate to rely on us.
Kyojin: Wow, so the Kuki Conglomerate's come out with security robots.
Hideo: Indeed. This too is for the safety of the people.
Tesshin: Thank you for everything.
Hideo: Think nothing of it. We also benefit from having an excellent field test for the Dark Cookie program.
Umeko: So with this, the students can tackle the end-of-semester exams with peace of mind?
History Teacher: You are a lifesaver, yes. Maro is a poor hand in fight scenes.
Touma: ...That is quite the powerful squadron you've delivered.
Jun: Mechs are so cool. And these look like they have plenty of gimmicks.
Koyuki: I think we should play with them!
Dark Cookie 3: Wh-What are you doing, girl? Let go of my arm.
Touma: Now, now. You mustn't do that, Yuki.
Jun: Still, it always feels like he's sticking his nose into everything.
Touma: He simply possesses a kind soul.
Hideo: Mwahahaha. Commoners, let your hearts be at ease as you face your finals.
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Gail: O...Oh... We lost.
Nya-Nya: Ooh... Nya-Nya's loss...
Sergei: OOOOH... YOU'RE SO STRONG.
Ricardo: Geh... Oooh. The eyes of god... have dulled.
Mem XXIII: My Cobra Punch... has... ugh.
*The strongest champions of the world have all been defeated by a single girl.*
Momoyo: ...It was an honor fighting you.
Momoyo: (Is that it? Is that the best the world has to offer?!)
Tesshin: Darn it, Momo, you must maintain control.
Kazuko: Are you all right?
Gail: ...Yeah, sorry to burden you.
Gail: (What a sweet girl... I can't believe she's that demon's sister.)
Lu: Memu XXIII's Cobra Punch has been called the greatest unconventional punch in the world -- and it proved worthy of the title -- but...
Tesshin: ...There is no match for her.
Lu: Even the men considered the strongest in the world are nothing before her.
Momoyo: Ahh...
Momoyo: I want to fight more... More! More!
Lu: (Alas...)
Tesshin: Momo, I have heard that you are currently involved in a children's fight.
Momoyo: Yeah. They beat up one of my friends. We have to draw the line.
Tesshin: Then I pity whomever it is you face.
Tesshin: Beware, you must not overdo it.
Lu: Yes. Moderate yourself in your battles against them.
Momoyo: I know that... I'll hold back enough.
Tesshin: If you go too far against novices, you know the consequences.
Momoyo: Hah. Are you ever gonna let this drop, Gramps?
Tesshin: Why must she speak like that? Is she taking after someone?
Tesshin: ...I don't know what to do with that rascal.
Lu: If... If she were to progress to a state of rampage...
Tesshin: Then I will be forced to use the Wyrmseal.
Lu: Let us pray it does not come to that.
*......*
*I was listening to Gen-san's report.*
Tadakatsu: So Itagaki Ryuuhei's organization really are the ones sellin' the drugs.
Tadakatsu: I heard the details from the guys who brought new drugs in from outside the city, but got immediately cracked down on.
Yamato: So it really is Itagaki Ryuuhei. Once Nee-san defeats him...
*Odds were it wouldn't even take a second.*
*Victory wasn't in question.*
*...So why couldn't I shake my unease?*
Tadakatsu: --But the name 'Maroudo' caught my eye.
Yamato: Gakuto mentioned the same name.
Tadakatsu: He's supposed to be the head of the dealers.
Yamato: If there really is a kingpin...
Tadakatsu: He'd be the root of all the evil, the guy we're supposed to beat up.
Yamato: Going back over things... It seems safe to say that 'Maroudo' isn't just a local nickname for Itagaki Ryuuhei, right?
Yamato: According to Gakuto, they retreated after being contacted by Maroudo.
Tadakatsu: In other words, Maroudo ain't Ryuuhei.
Tadakatsu: But I can't imagine Ryuuhei playing second fiddle to anyone.
Yamato: Why? There could always be someone stronger in a fight.
Tadakatsu: Ryuuhei ain't the type to obey anyone else, even if they're stronger.
Tadakatsu: No one could tame that man by force.
Yamato: ...But fact remains that Maroudo can't be--
Tadakatsu: Like I said, I don't get it.
Tadakatsu: I dug into all the info on Maroudo that's out there.
Tadakatsu: Everyone in every gang knows the name, but ain't nobody with a clear picture of him.
Tadakatsu: Ryuuhei workin' for him's given him fame, but...
Tadakatsu: No one's ever seen his face.
Tadakatsu: There's no sayin' if Maroudo's even his real name. It could just an alias.
Tadakatsu: Heck, there's no sayin' he even is a 'he'.
Yamato: He's there, yet not there... The first thought that comes to mind...
Yamato: ...Is that it's someone connected to the group trying to deal the drug.
Yamato: He's steering Ryuuhei not through fear, but through greed.
Tadakatsu: Not happenin'. Ryuuhei wouldn't care about personal profit.
Tadakatsu: End of the day, I still think Ryuuhei's gotta be on top.
Yamato: This is tricky... Who in the world really is Maroudo?
Tadakatsu: We gotta figure that out if we're gonna beat him up.
Yamato: ...Let's think this through carefully.
Tadakatsu: ...Think maybe they made him out of whole cloth?
Yamato: If Ryuuhei's not the type of person to work for anyone, then I'd side with that.
Tadakatsu: Then the name'd just be an idea. There'd be no real Maroudo.
Tadakatsu: He's just a friggin' dummy meant to throw the investigation off-course.
Yamato: Yeah... But if we're right, it's a trick the whole town's fallen for.
Tadakatsu: But that no one's ever seem him backs up the theory.
Tadakatsu: All this means we're goin' after Ryuuhei after all.
Tadakatsu: Right. Lemme find out when they're meeting.
Yamato: Besides, if Mallord is real, he might show up there too.
Tadakatsu: Yeah... You ain't wrong.
Yamato: Well, there's no need to overthink this. We can put the screws on him and find out the answer that way.
Tadakatsu: Good thing Momo-senpai's damn near invincible.
*We'd be storming the enemy's meeting.*
Yamato: But first, we have finals starting on Monday.
Tadakatsu: Well, guess we gotta take care of that too.
Yamato: So the final battle will be right before we dive into summer break?
Tadakatsu: Yeah, since summer break means tons more people'd be at risk.
Yamato: All right. Then let's settle things before then and get to enjoy our summer break.
Tadakatsu: ... Word is Shimazu's recoverin' well from his injuries.
Yamato: Yeah, he is. There's no keeping him down.
*All of us had been taking turns visiting him.*
*But there was no formal schedule -- we'd all just been going on our own -- so we kept bumping into each other.*
Nurse: There's so many girls coming to see you. Which one's your girlfriend?
Gakuto: All of them.
Yamato: I heard he said that. Dammit, could he at least wait until he's back on his feet first? Then he could at least run for safety.
Tadakatsu: Well, wouldn't expect anything less from him.
Yamato: Hopefully, he'll be fully healed by late August. Then we can all have fun together.
Tadakatsu: You guys are damn close.
Yamato: I meant you too.
Tadakatsu: Why me?!
Yamato: You'd make things just right -- five guys, five girls.
Tadakatsu: Screw that. What is this you're plannin', a damn mixer?
Yamato: I was just joking. But the offer's still open, if you want to hang out with us.
Tadakatsu: I'll pass.
*Why did he have to be so cold?*
*But regardless... Maroudo. What a ridiculous name.*
*Was that the reason for my unease, when I had a trump card as strong as Nee-san on my side?*
*If he wasn't real, then there was no point being afraid. And even if he was real...*
*There was no way he was stronger than Nee-san.*
*I couldn't imagine us running into any problems.*
*Our final exams ended without incident.*
*We'd all gathered in the secret base.*
Yamato: I guess everyone managed to make it through the exams.
Takuya: Well, I mean, I can't get the Utopia stuff out of my head...
Takuya: ...but I could spend all day dealing with it and still never get anywhere.
Kazuko: And Gakuto's finally able to walk again.
Momoyo: Yeah. It's good to see him on his feet.
Momoyo: --However, that doesn't mean we're not avenging him.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. My investigation panned out. Turns out there's one day when the powerful members of Ryuuhei's gang gather.
Momoyo: So all that's left is for me to crash the party.
*She cracked her knuckles.*
Tadakatsu: Well, wait a second. The info says they're gatherin' up on Friday, July 24th, but...
Kazuko: That's pretty much when summer break starts.
Tadakatsu: There's still some stuff I wanna confirm.
Tadakatsu: ...Like whether their boss, Ryuuhei, is gonna show.
Momoyo: You need confirmation? Why? This is information you came up with.
Tadakatsu: Inflictin' the most damage means havin' the most precise and accurate info.
Tadakatsu: So I'm gonna keep diggin' till the minute we bust in there.
Yamato: Information is important. I think that's fine.
Momoyo: Okay, I get it. Anything I can help with?
Tadakatsu: If you're offerin', I'd like to capture one of Ryuuhei's men.
Tadakatsu: Then we can get him to talk, give us more details.
Yamato: Which lets us compare his information with our own. Okay.
Momoyo: Got it. I'll do it.
Yamato: I think the Thursday immediately before would be a good day to carry that out.
Shouichi: Yeah. Then we just gotta keep him out cold for a day.
Kazuko: That settles it. Let's do it on Thursday.
Yukie: How are we going to be able to capture him?
Tadakatsu: About that... They're on the lookout for me.
Tadakatsu: Our best shot's to use someone as bait to draw out a dealer.
Yamato: And then we capture that dealer.
Shouichi: You wanna use bait? You're a pretty kindhearted guy, Ta-chan. That's not the kind of thing you'd normally come up with.
Tadakatsu: Let me finish. I ain't for usin' one of the girls as bait.
Chris: I would be fine with it.
Yamato: Chris, you're too dazzling to make for good bait.
Tadakatsu: Which means a guy should do it.
Shouichi: Sounds fun, but you think any drug dealer's gonna waltz on up to me?
Tadakatsu: I can think of one person who can... And that's you!
*And then, on Thursday night...*
*An illicit air filled Oyafukou Street.*
*We waited stealthily in a back alley, all on standby.*
Tadakatsu: This time of night, ain't no teachers comin' out this way.
Tadakatsu: Which makes this when dealers show up. Go get 'em!
Takuyo: Ugh, why do I have to wear this? It's embarrassing.
Chris: I think it suits you wonderfully. You look as cute as a button.
Momoyo: I have your back. You don't have to worry about a thing.
Takuyo: It's the shame I'm worried about, not that...
Takuyo: But this is for Gakuto! I gotta do this!
Miyako: The tone of your voice is wrong, Moro.
Matsukaze: You've gotta think like a girl! A girl!
Takuyo: Y-Yes, you're right!
Takuyo: I am so going to do my best!
*Moro set off, dressed in a skirt and practically skipping.*
Yukie: He seemed to be really getting into it at the end.
Matsukaze: Might be we done awakened somethin' in him.
Tadakatsu: Damn... Looks like he's got someone already.
Yukie: Miyako-san, you have good eyes. What do you see?
Miyako: Look! Moro's crossed his arms behind his back. That's the signal!
Momoyo: Then they're trying to sell him Utopia. Right, let's go!
Momoyo: We're back.
*She'd knocked the man unconscious and brought him back.*
Shouichi: I barely had time to blink... Whew.
Momoyo: It's easy. Just use super acceleration. C'mon, let's get him talking already.
Tadakatsu: Leave it to me. Torture ain't for a girl to do.
Momoyo: What are you, a feminist punk?
Tadakatsu: I didn't... Fuck, I'll try keepin' it peaceful.
Yamato: If we show him Cookie in his second form, he'll probably be too scared to keep quiet.
Yukie: Wouldn't you say things are going exceedingly well, Yamato-san?
Yamato: They are... We do have someone on our side who can 'just' use super acceleration.
*There was no way we could lose.*
*We all gathered in the secret base.*
Yamato: We've heard everything the captive had to say.
Cookie 2: An easy task, scared of me as he was.
Cookie 2: At present, he lies out back, unconscious.
Cookie 2: They should awaken in a few hours, but by then, it shall all be over.
Tadakatsu: By the way, the information we pulled out of him ain't different than mine.
Tadakatsu: The meetin's at 10 p.m. tonight in the same abandoned factory as before, the 51st one.
Yamato: Some of Itagaki Ryuuhei's main team, along with the man himself, should be there.
Shouichi: That's where we'll strike. We'll blow them up.
Shouichi: This is for Gakuto. Don't leave anything standing.
Yamato: I'll explain the operation.
Yamato: The enemy will be massing within the 51st factory.
Yamato: Nee-san will head inside.
Yamato:  And done.
Momoyo: That'll make things done all right.
Kazuko: There's not really much for us to do, huh.
Tadakatsu: Some of them might try to run away.
Yamato: So the rest of us will split into three teams. We'll wait outside the factory, cutting off their escape route and eliminating anyone who comes.
Shouichi: Anything to watch out for?
Tadakatsu: Itagaki's got three sisters.
Kazuko: And one of them gave Gakuto that lump on his head.
Tadakatsu: Word is they're damn strong.
Yamato: I've heard rumors myself.
Tadakatsu: Basically, if you're up against a girl, watch out.
Momoyo: Well, I'll probably just defeat them all myself anyways.
Yamato: Hm, then let's figure out the three groups' members.
Yamato: Gen-san, Wanko, Moro, you'll have the front entrance. Reinforcements might come from there.
Yamato: Chris, Miyako, and I will take the back. If any small fry try to flee, that's where they're likely to go.
Yamato: Capt and Mayucchi, you guys hold the side roads, where the big fish might try to slip out.
Shouichi: Roger that.
Tadakatsu: You gonna just assume I'm in?
Yamato: ...Aren't you?
Tadakatsu: Hmph. I've come too far not to see it through.
Momoyo: Don't worry. They won't have any time to call for help or flee.
Kazuko: You're so strong, Onee-sama.
Matsukaze: We got someone with waves of energy what could shatter a planet versus regular old punks... This's too easy, yo.
Yamato: Yeah, it's a piece of cake. We won't even need weapons.
Yamato: Then, once we get back, we'll have a grand Friday Meeting!
Chris: Yes, that sounds wonderful.
Yukie: I'm looking forward to it already!
Kazuko: Hey, Ta-chan, you should come too!
Tadakatsu: I ain't really up for that.
Shouichi: Aww, be honest.
Tadakatsu: You tryin' to make me angry? Drop it.
Cookie: I'll clean up everything nice and pretty while I wait for you here.
Cookie: Miyako, try not to cling to Yamato too much.
Miyako: Leave it to me.
Cookie: Be careful.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Yamato: So then, Leader, why don't you round us off?
Shouichi: Sweet!
Shouichi: We're up against some dangerous drug dealers, but they're nothing! We're invincible!
Shouichi: If we all work together, there's nothing we can't do. Let's dive in there!
Kazuko: Yeeaahhh!
Chris: Finally, time to attack... I can feel my blood seething.
Miyako: At last, we can avenge Gakuto.
Yukie: I'll do my best, with gusto!
Takuya: I guess if you need to contact someone, call me. I can't fight, so I'll organize all of the information.
Tadakatsu: ...Let's do this!
Momoyo: Hahaha! I'll exterminate them to the last man!
*And so we marched off to the industrial district.*
*......*
*......*
*What took place there was no battle.*
Man A: Gah... What's with her...? Gweh.
Momoyo: Hahaha. What's wrong? Tired of trying to fight back?
*It was a massacre.*
Man B: Aiieeeee! You ain't human!
Momoyo: Oh, don't run away.
*She threw another person's body at him, knocking the man to the ground.*
*In the first instant, she'd taken out dozens of people within.*
*A moment they would relive in their nightmares for years to come.*
Ryuuhei: ...You're a monster.
Momoyo: Don't run away, you villainous king.
Momoyo: I owe you for what you did to Gakuto. Heh heh.
*Only ten or so of the punks still stood.*
Momoyo: Hahaha... I bet the guys outside are bored out of their minds.
*--Warehouse No. 51, rear entrance.*
Kazuko: Hey! What's going on? I thought at least somebody would come this way.
Tadakatsu: I ain't hearin' nothin' from inside but screams and Momo-senpai's laughter.
Takuya: Hahaha... I like the sound of that.
Takuya: She could kill that trash of society, and I don't think anyone would care.
Tadakatsu: Well, we'll hand them over to the police, and that's that.
Tadakatsu: ...Never thought it'd be this dull.
*--Warehouse No. 51, side roads.*
Yukie: Yes. Nothing out-of-the-ordinary here. Yes.
Shouichi: I-It's too quiet... I'm getting bored out of my mind.
Shouichi: At this rate, Momo-senpai's gonna have all the fun.
Matsukaze: She like a dragon goin' up against ants.
*--Warehouse No. 51, rear entrance.*
Chris: Not a single person has fled this way.
Miyako: Probably because Momo-senpai hasn't let a single person.
Miyako: ...Oh, another man just screamed.
Yamato: I'm starting to pity the people she's up against.
Miyako: This is vengeance for Gakuto. They deserve everything they get.
Chris: And yet, were she to use her super acceleration power, this would likely take no more than a second.
Yamato: Thank goodness she's on our side...
*...We'd as good as won.*
*--Warehouse No. 51.*
Momoyo: Hmm, just five left...
Ryuuhei: There's one thing I wanna ask -- how the hell did you get that fucking strong?
Momoyo: I just woke up one day, and there I was. Hahahahaha!
Ryuuhei: That ain't the laugh of someone who fights for justice.
Momoyo: Justice...? Heh heh heh.
Momoyo: I don't care about justice. I just wanna beat people up.
*She kicked one man who had been cowering in fear, sending him flying.*
Momoyo: I just can't stop... Though it's kinda sad how little of a fight you guys are.
Ryuuhei: Heh Heh heh heh. Then it seems we're alike.
Ryuuhei: How about it? Why don't we beasts join forces?
Momoyo: I refuse.
Momoyo: You all stink like rats... So be good little rats and sit still while I exterminate you.
*Only four remained, including Ryuuhei.*
*The other three were all girls.*
Momoyo: ...The three Itagaki Sisters?
*The girls charged towards her.*
Momoyo: You're--
Momoyo: ...You're too weak.
*The force of her ki alone had been enough to send them flying.*
*The girls were skilled, but their abilities remained within the bounds of common sense.*
*Momoyo was on a different level altogether.*
Ryuuhei: ...Now this? This gives me thrills.
Momoyo: You're strong. I can tell just by looking at you.
Momoyo: You're as strong as you can get... without overcoming the limits of mortal strength. Too bad for you.
*She cracked her knuckles.*
*Her thirst for blood descended on Ryuuhei like a blanket.*
Ryuuhei: --I... lose.
Momoyo: Yeah, I already knew that.
Momoyo: Why don't I start by taking away your ability to control your limbs?
*For the first time in his life, Ryuuhei felt goosebumps.*
*--Warehouse No. 51, rear entrance.*
Miyako: Oh, the screaming stopped.
Chris: ...I guess it has ended.
Yamato: Maybe we should pray for our enemies?
Miyako: ...SILENT PRAYER!
*I felt bad for the people Nee-san had gone up against.*
Miyako: Let's go home.
Chris: It's time for the Friday Meeting.
Yamato: Yeah.
*We'd always been together, ever since we were little.*
*Together, there was nothing we couldn't do.*
*This time, Gen-san had filled in for Gakuto.*
Tadakatsu: Achoo!
Takuya: Did you catch a cold?
Tadakatsu: Who knows...
Kazuko: But still, I never got to do anything...
*Thus did the ominous drug incident come to an end.*
*Maroudo was, as we'd suspected, simply a fiction.*
Miyako: Capt just called. He said nothing happened.
Chris: Hm. Dog's group said the same thing.
Yamato: Summer break, eh?
*We could go on a trip using the money we'd earned from selling the masks.*
*As long as we were together, I knew we'd have fun.*
*Suddenly, the world turned black.*
*Giant breasts pressed against my back.*
*Giant didn't cut it. They had to be over 90cm!*
*The woman was taller than I.*
*And her silky hair brushed against my shoulders.*
*...She always did love to play this sort of trick on me.*
*I couldn't even remember when Nee-san had started doing these things, it had been so long.*
Yamato: --Good work, Nee-san.
*I said, thanking her.*
Tatsuko: No-sirr-ee.
Yamato: ...Huh?
*It was someone else? Someone like Nee-san, but not?*
Tatsuko: I remember you. So you're the Yamato-kun I keep hearing about.
*She spoke to me in a big sister-like tone.*
*And hugged me tenderly.*
Yamato: Who the...? Hey, let go.
Tatsuko: Mmmm, nope, not letting go.
Tatsuko: You see, Naoe Yamato, Maroudo-kun ordered me to kidnap you.
Yamato: What the...?! Maroudo's real?
Tatsuko: Hello? It's me. I got the target.
*The moment she made the call...*
Tatsuko: Maybe you guys should start the counterattack?
*I sensed a tremendously heavy wave of hostility coming from all directions.*
Yukie: ...?!
Kazuko: Huh?!
Momoyo: What's going on?
Tatsuko: I hear they're making an example of you guys...
Tatsuko: To show what happens when you oppose Maroudo-kun!
Miyako: --Yamato!
*The next thing I knew, Miyako was flying this way.*
Miyako: When did you... LET YAMATO GOOOOOOOOOOO!
*Miyako unleashed a rain of punches at the head of the person holding me.*
Tatsuko: Wah, wa, wawah, n-nice rush attack...
*But the girl somehow managed to block all of the punches with just one hand.*
Tatsuko: As long as I'm holding Yamato-kun, I only have one free hand? Awawa...
Ami: You really need to pay more attention to what's behind you, young lady.
Miyako: Gwuh?!
*A long weapon caved into Miyako's neck.*
Tatsuko: Yay! Nice one, Ami!
*Miyako collapsed, her body thumping into the ground.*
Ami: Sheesh, your normal form is good for nothing but housework.
Chris: Miyako!
*Chris couldn't move.*
Angel: Don't look away, or I'll bust your head open!
*She too was under a surprise attack.*
Chris: Kh. A golf club?!
Angel: Wow, you dodged it? Damn, blond chick, you good!
Ami: Angel! You shouldn't be having that much trouble either.
Chris: ...She's strong!
Angel: Take this! Get fucked!
Ami: Hah!
*The sisters launched a perfectly timed simultaneous strike.*
*Chris somehow managed to dodge the golf club, but Ami's staff struck deep into her midsection.*
Chris: *cough*
*She staggered, but did not fall.*
Miyako: Kh... I have... to defend Yamato... against you wimps.
*Miyako also managed to regain her footing.*
Angel: Whoa! These chicks are pretty good, Ami!
Ami: These prey are a nice challenge.
Chris: Kh... I ought to have brought my rapier.
Chris: But even unarmed, I shall not lose!
*Both Chris and Miyako took their stances.*
*However, the damage they had received fettered both of them.*
Ami: Heh heh. You act tough, but I know you felt those blows.
*Their foes had instantly seen through their bluffs.*
*The Itagaki sisters were unequivocally strong.*
Yamato: So you're the three Itagaki sisters, huh?
Ami: We are. I suppose we should introduce ourselves. I'm the eldest, Itagaki Ami.
Tatsuko: I'm the middle child, Itagaki Tatsuko. Ryuuhei and I are twins.
Tatsuko: We're nicknamed the Double Dragons!
Ami: Not that anyone ever calls you that.
Tatsuko: I mean, ahahaha.
Angel: And I'm the youngest, Itagaki Angel!
Chris: Huh? Angel? When your siblings are dragons?
Miyako: Lame.
Angel: Shut up! I'll fucking kill you!
*Then we heard Moro's voice through Chris's phone, which had fallen to the ground.*
Takuya: This is the front entrance! We suddenly have a ton of enemies running this way!
Takuya: If you can, please send backup!
Yamato: What...? Is everyone in trouble?
*--The factory's front entrance.*
Tadakatsu: Damn these guys! Where'd they even come from?!
Kazuko: It's like they predicted our every move!
Tadakatsu: ...Tch!
*Kazuko and Tadakatsu stood back-to-back.*
Tadakatsu: You take the ones in front of you. I'll do the same.
Kazuko: But what about Moro? Did he get away?
Tadakatsu: He's fine. I saw him get out.
Kazuko: Great! I don't know if I could fight while keeping him safe.
Tadakatsu: Let's go! Take out all the enemies in front of you!
Kazuko: You can count on me!
*They fought head-on, as the delinquents tried to overwhelm them with sheer numbers.*
Tadakatsu: (If they've predicted our every move...)
Tadakatsu: (Was this whole damn thing a trap?!)
Kazuko: (What's about Onee-sama? What's going on inside the factory?!)
*--Within the factory.*
Ryuuhei: Kawakami Momoyo... No matter how strong you are, I won't hit a woman.
Ryuuhei: Let me repeat myself: I accept my loss--
Momoyo: But that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop!
*Momoyo fired off a rocket punch, only to be stopped by a pair of men.*
Lu: That is enough, Momoyo.
Tesshin: We came here, receiving a report, and we find you doing this?
Momoyo: And why're you butting in on a children's fight?!
Lu: You are right. This is a children's fight.
Lu: That is why we did not interfere with the tussle out front.
Lu: However, if this is a children's fight, then why did you do all this?
Tesshin: Indeed. You have gone too far, Momo!
Momoyo: Me? I've let them off with just a little pain.
Tesshin: What part of that is 'little'?!
Momoyo: What do you...
Momoyo: Huh?!
*A body lay sprawled at one corner of the factory.*
*Its bones twisted and broken so nastily that it was all but impossible to tell which part was which.*
Body: Ah..... Egh.
*The person still clung to life, but only barely.*
*And he was just one of the tragically-beaten forms covering the floor.*
Lu: All the bones in their bodies are broken, a trademark of the Kawakami Human Jellyfish technique. Something only you could have done, Momoyo!
Tesshin: And you used it against novices? I cannot believe this!
Momoyo: Yeah, that does look like the work of Human Jellyfish but...
Lu: But nothing! To think you would so scrupulously harm someone...
Momoyo: But wait. I didn't do that!
Momoyo: Sure I get angry, but I'd never go that far! Someone must've snuck in and put him there!
Lu: There are only two practitioners who can use that technique -- you, and the Grand Master.
Tesshin: Clearly only one person could have done this, and she's standing right here.
Momoyo: You're wrong. I beat up the others, but not him!
Ryuuhei: Hey, hey. Don't play dumb. You did this...
Ryuuhei: Just look at how they're all shivering in fear.
Man A: M-M-M-M-M-Monster!
Man B: She attacked everyone!
*The three girls who had collapsed by Ryuuhei's side looked like skilled gang leaders.*
*Nevertheless, they were frozen in fear while in front of Momoyo.*
Ryuuhei: Furthermore, even though I ceded defeat, you tried to attack me.
Momoyo: Don't be fooled! Gramps, I'm being set up!
Tesshin: Using an ultimate technique to torture novices is a cardinal sin.
Lu: By the laws of the Kawakami Temple, Momoyo, we must purge you from the temple!
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Momoyo: You guys? Purge me? Gramps, think you can do it?
Tesshin: Don't underestimate your elders, Momo!
Ryuuhei: (Heh. We got ourselves some friendly fire.)
Ryuuhei: (Still, I thought the two of them would get here sooner.)
Ryuuhei: (You cut it so close, Maroudo, that you had me running scared.)
Ryuuhei: (After all, fighting girls ain't my style...)
*......*
*--Warehouse No. 51, side roads.*
*A man stood before Yukie's group, his body covered in a full cloak.*
Shouichi: Where in the heck did he come from?
Yukie: (His ki feels sinister... He's an enemy!)
Hooded Man: ...Hey. You there, in the bandana.
Hooded Man: Kazama Shouichi... 'm I right?
Shouichi: Where'd you pick up my name?
Hooded Man: Bingo, eh? General Maroudo sure knows his stuff.
Hooded Man: I've come t'wipe you out.
Hooded Man: Maroudo figures, with y'gone, your Family'll crumble.
Hooded Man: Well, you ain't gonna live life to the fullest, but try t'make do.
Shouichi: You sure know how to talk a good game!
Yukie: I won't let you!
Matsukaze: I'm gonna protect Capt!
Hooded Man: Who're ya, girly... Oh?
Yukie: There's powerful auras clashing. Where are they... Inside the factory?!
Hooded Man: Heh heh heh. The old man an' Lu are goin' up against Momoyo.
Hooded Man: So, just like we planned, I oughta take this openin' t'get things done.
Yukie: I will not let you approach any closer to Capt-san.
Matsukaze: You've been warned, old man.
Hooded Man: Move aside, Missy, or y'gonna get hurt real bad!
*--Warehouse No. 51, rear entrance.*
Chris: Kh!
Miyako: Wah!
*The two of them tumbled to the ground.*
Ami: Heh heh heh... You're no match for us.
Angel: Ah hah hah! You fuckers are weak! Weak!
Miyako: ...Give me back my Yamato...
*Nevertheless, Miyako stood back up.*
Angel: The hell?! You stubborn, bitch!
Angel: Oh, yeah, let's use that shit. Eheheh!
*Angel withdrew some medicine from under her shirt.*
Angel: Strength-enhancing medicine... One of these will... *gulp*
Ami: Again with the stimulants? You really do like them...
Angel: Ah hah hah! POWER UP!!!
Miyako: You little...
Angel: You think that's gonna stop me now that I've taken my enhancements?!
*Miyako barely managed to get a block in front of Angel's powerful golf swing.*
Miyako: Kh! My arm... It's broken?
Angel: Hah hah hah! I'm fuckin' strong!
Tatsuko: ...Hm? Huh? Do you hear something whirring?
Ami: That unpleasant sound would be the cops.
Angel: Huh?! Why they gotta get here so fuckin' quick?! I barely got to hit anything!
Ami: The group out front must've been too loud... Useless scum.
Ami: Angel! Tatsu! We're going home!
Tatsuko: Okie dokie. So come along with me, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: Huh?
Miyako: What are you going to do to him?!
Tatsuko: We're taking him.
Yamato: You're what?
Tatsuko: We were ordered to take you into custody, so...
Miyako: ...I won't let you do that!
Tatsuko: You're getting really worked up over this... Are you two going out?
Ami: It looks to me like he doesn't love her back.
Tatsuko: Oh, I see. Then I'm sorry.
*Itagaki Tatsuko stared into my eyes.*
Tatsuko: ...You're so cute.
Yamato: Huh?
Tatsuko: I always wanted a little brother like you.
Tatsuko: Mmmmm. *kiss*
Yamato: Mm? MMM?!
*She suddenly stole my lips.*
*Her gentle touch and the sweet smell of her skin overwhelmed my senses.*
Miyako: *snap*
Tatsuko: Uweh heh. Got you.
Tatsuko: And it was my first too.
Ami: You're certainly enjoying yourself, Tatsu.
Tatsuko: Yep, he's mine now. Point blank knockout!
*She left no opportunity to dodge.*
*Yamato's head slumped in her arms.*
Miyako: YOU BITCH! YOU KISSED YAMATO!
Angel: Hahahah! You got balls, girlie. How-ever!
Ami: You're far too reckless to deal with the likes of us!
*The two sisters knocked Miyako back to the ground.*
Miyako: Kh...
Angel: See ya, pipsqueaks! It was fun!
Ami: Heh heh... Chrrrris! I'll tease you again sometime!
Chris: Nngh.!
Tatsuko: Where is Yamato-kun's phone... Found it. A-chan.
Angel: Ummm... It's got zero GPS functionality!
Tatsuko: Then let's let him keep the phone, please?
Miyako: W-Wait... WAIT!
Tatsuko: Don't worry. We won't hurt Yamato-kun one bit more.
Angel: But if you guys snitch on us to the cops...
Ami: We will utterly destroy the man... Heh heh heh.
Chris: Curse you, Itagaki Sisters...
Angel: Bye-onara! 
Miyako: GIVE ME BACK MY YAMATO!!!
*Miyako's screams echoed across the sky.*
*--The factory's front entrance.*
Kazuko: *huff*... *huff* they're all... running... away...?
Tadakatsu: *huff* *huff*... Looks like the cops are comin', Kazuko.
Kazuko: Ohh... The power of the state's here.
*Though Kazuko and Tadakatsu had both exhausted their stamina, they'd made it through the battle with only light wounds.*
Tadakatsu: We might've lost this one.
Kazuko: S-Seriously?
Tadakatsu: Depends... Gotta see how bad we're beat up.
Tadakatsu: Maroudo... The guy ain't fictional after all...
Tadakatsu: He's real... Though it's probably a nickname...
*--Warehouse No. 51, side roads.*
Hooded Man: The police?! Whoa, hey, time's up already?
Yukie: *huff*... *huff* I won't lose!
Hooded Man: That missy's too strong. I still ain't gotten t'Kazama... Tch. Ain't nothin' doin'.
Hooded Man: Serves me right for fuckin' around for so long...
*The hooded man vanished into the darkness.*
Yukie: *huff* *huff*....
Shouichi: H-Hey, you all right over there, Mayucchi?
Yukie: I did well to bar his way without my sword, if I do say so myself.
*She'd fought by channeling her fighting spirit into a sword.*
Yukie: That man in the hood was terrifyingly strong...
Matsukaze: If he'd gone all-out, my girl Mayucchi wouldn't be lookin' so hot.
Shouichi: Hey, if we stick around here, are the cops gonna pick us up?
Matsukaze: We gotta scream?!
Yukie: Hey, Matsukaze!
Shouichi: It's all good. When everything's gone screwy, hiding's a good first step.
Yukie: O-Okay!
*--Within the factory.*
Lu: Momoyo, stop fighting!
Momoyo: I told you, I didn't do it!
*Power clashed against power.*
Lu: I have to stop you once and for all!
Lu: I've thought you were dangerous, with how you spend every waking moment fighting!
Momoyo: Dammit! Listen to me!
Tesshin: Now that it's come to this, I have no choice... but to play my final card.
Tesshin: Momo! I shall seal your fists!
Momoyo: What?!
Tesshin: I never wanted to use something this dangerous against you, not even as a last resort!
Momoyo: You're behind me? When did you--
Tesshin:  Kawakami Grand Ultimate: Wyrmseal!
Momoyo: Guh?!
Lu: Ah! Is this the phantom ultimate of legend?!
*Momoyo's power seeped from her body.*
Tesshin: The purge is complete!
Lu: Very well.
Momoyo: Gramps, wh... what did you... do? My strength's gone!
Tesshin: ...I told you. I sealed your fists.
Momoyo: What...?
Tesshin: I-In exchange for my own strength, I can seal my foe's...
Tesshin: I fervently mastered this technique in case you ever went out of control...
Momoyo: Gh...! My power won't do what I tell it to!
Tesshin: Now... reflect... on your own hubris.
Tesshin: *cough*... *huff*... *huff*...
Lu: Ahh! Stay strong, please!
Tesshin: To be sure, using that technique at this age was no small feat.
Momoyo: Gramps, you didn't have to do that... Free me! If you do, your power will return, too, right?!
Tesshin: I will not reverse it. You have been purged. This is your punishment!
Momoyo: D-Damn you, Gramps! Why would you do this?!
Tesshin: Ho ho. I'm all huffy and puffy, Momoyo.
Momoyo: That's not funny...
Lu: ...Even now, you are still plenty stronger than the average person.
Momoyo: But now my strength is limited.
Tesshin: That will give you time to reflect on your mistakes!
Momoyo: Like I've said, it wasn't me!
Momoyo: Heck, who was it who contacted you in the first place?
Lu: We left when we heard that you had lost control and were destroying people.
Momoyo: Heard from who? No one in here should've had the chance to call.
Momoyo: Someone did this. Someone wanted to turn me into a nobody...
Momoyo: ......This is just... Haaaahhh!
Lu: She's trying to break the Wyrmseal with her own power!
Tesshin: ...Unbelievable... Is there now no one who can stop her?
Lu: Wait. Momoyo, if you break the Wyrmseal by force, Tesshin's strength will be destoryed with it!
Lu: You'll kill Master Tesshin! Can you live with that?!
Momoyo: ...Gramps... Will die...?
Momoyo: ...That's something I don't think I could live with.
*She stopped trying to break the seal.*
Tesshin: You're so sweet, Momo.
Momoyo: Shut it.
Tesshin: (If she has in her such kindness then... It seems we'll need to investigate this further.)
Momoyo: Whoever we're up against must've wanted you guys to purge me...
*They turned an invincible god into a mere mortal.*
Momoyo: They got me good... fuck!
Momoyo: I gotta clear up this misunderstanding, and fast. That's the only way they'll let me go!
*............*
*The Kazama Family straggled back in retreat.*
Chris: *huff*... *huff* *huff*... *cough*
Yukie: Are you all right, Chris-san?
Chris: Yeah... Somehow.
Kazuko: I can't believe Kuri got this badly beat up.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko, are you badly hurt?
Kazuko: No, I'm good. It just hurts a little.
Shouichi: The attackers and guys on the sides got out clean, those out front were lightly wounded, while the ones in the back got beat, with one man captured...
Miyako: ...They hurt us mentally too.
Miyako: Yamato... Yamato, are you all right?
Miyako: I keep trying to call him, but he won't pick up...
Momoyo: Yamato was kidnapped, and my power was sealed...
Momoyo: We lost bad...
Kazuko: I'll also talk to Grandpa about that tomorrow.
Kazuko: I'm sure he'll release you if we both ask.
Momoyo: We can hope, but...
Takuya: At any rate, we have to work out a way to get Yamato back.
Shouichi: Yeah. Let's meet up at the base. We'll regroup there.
Miyako: Yeah, at least we still have our base.
*Every member of our group thought the same thing.*
*We could refresh and regroup there.*
*For now, we just needed to catch our breath.*
Takuya: We're here.
Shouichi: ...Hey, does something seem off to you?
Takuya: Huh...?
Momoyo: It feels like a battle took place here.
Momoyo: ...I guess that instinct's still intact.
Miyako: ...?! C-Cookie!
Yukie: He's broken...?
*Sparks flew from every inch of his body, blue electricity crackled across his frame.*
*Just like robots did in anime seconds before they exploded.*
Miyako: C-Cookie? Are you all right, Cookie?!
Cookie: Oooh, Miyako... Everyone...
Shouichi: Damn, you're beat up bad. Who did this to you?
Cookie: A-A woman... and a man.
Cookie: The two tried to... march inside.
Cookie: So I transformed, but they were -- ugh... Too strong...
Shouichi: They did this? To your second form? But who could've...?
Cookie: Somehow, I did keep them from getting inside...
Cookie: There was something wrong about the woman... Be careful.
Miyako: Cookie... Despite everything, you kept them out.
Miyako: Thank you.
Cookie: You're welcome...
*The sparks flying from his body flared brighter.*
Cookie: They looked like... Kh.
Miyako: Cookie?
Cookie: Get away, Miyako! I'm not going to last much longer!
Cookie: Wahhhhhhh!!!
Shouichi: ---Holy!
Chris: He... exploded...
Takuya: He was damaged that badly...
Momoyo: His whole body blew up... It must've taken him all he had to last until we got here.
Miyako: No, not Cookie... Argh...
Shouichi: Look. They're gonna pay up big for this.
Miyako: Huh?
*A message had been written on one of the walls. 'Maroudo's Judgment.'*
Yukie: ...This is horrible.
Matsukaze: Them words are so pissin' me off.
Takuya: ...They really went after our secret base.
Takuya: I feel like it's been defiled!
Miyako: Maybe... destroying our base... was their intent all along.
Miyako: The sly bastards.
Chris: It is only the exterior that is like this. The rooms inside look fine.
Momoyo: Cookie must've made sure no one got inside, whatever the cost.
Chris: Cookie... You did magnificently.
Shouichi: ... I don't know who did this or where they are,
Shouichi: But I swear I -- We! -- will defeat you!
Momoyo: Yeah. I've never been up against someone this nasty before!
Yukie: ...Nor have I!
Chris: That is only natural. We cannot let it end like this.
Chris: ...And we have to go after the three Itagaki sisters!
Miyako: We're getting Yamato back!
Takuya: ...I don't think we should go to the cops.
Shouichi: Yeah. I figure they can get him out... but by the time they do, there won't be much worth saving.
Takuya: Considering what they did to Gakuto, I doubt they'd even hesitate.
Shouichi: For now, we don't report anything. That's my order.
Takuya: Roger that... Well, this is just in time for summer break... Wait. Did they plan this to work out that way?
Kazuko: I mean, I also wanna--Ugh!
Kazuko: ...Oww. My wounds hurrrtt.
Tadakatsu: Kazuko, you sure you're all right? ...Tch.
Tadakatsu: You ain't keepin' me away either.
Tadakatsu: They got both wise cunnin' and fierce strength in spades...
Tadakatsu: Like hell we're gonna let them run this town!
Shouichi: Sweet! Time to sharpen our claws for the counterattack!
Kazuko: Yeah!
Chris: I vow to annihilate them!
Tadakatsu: But first things first. Tomorrow, we gotta take a trip to the hospital.
*And so we dove headfirst into our stormy summer break.*
*I felt the touch of something soft and supple.*
Yamato: Mmm... What is this pleasant feeling?
*I rubbed my eyes.*
Yamato: Wait -- where the hell?!
Tatsuko: Zzz... Mmm.
Yamato: Oh, right, I'm sleeping with her...
Ryuuhei: Oh, you're awake? Welcome to my house!
Yamato: (That's right. I was kidnapped...)
Ryuuhei: Heh heh. Time for me to show you all my love!
Yamato: What?!
Ryuuhei: I'll make you nice and warm with my spea---
ugh!!!
*One heck of a punch cut him off mid-sentence.*
Ami: Ryuu! Have you already forgotten what I told you three minutes ago?
Ryuuhei: Gah... I-I'm sorry, Ami...
Ami: Maroudo ordered us not to torment him.
Ryuuhei: My body just couldn't help itself. Kh kh kh.
Ami: I do understand. It's hard not to torment such good prey.
Yamato: (Based on how hungry I am, it must be around one o'clock in the afternoon.)
Ami: Kh kh. Yamato... I hope you won't mind if I call you that? You're taking this surprisingly well.
Ami: As if you're calmly trying to piece through everything that's happened in your mind.
Yamato: ...I would appreciate it if you told me whatever you could.
Ami: It's midday on July 27th. This is our house.
Ami: We kidnapped you.
Yamato: ...Thanks for being open with me...
Ami: Hey, Tatsu! How long are you going to keep sleeping?!
*She kicked her sister, hard.*
Tatsuko: Zzz... Zzz...
Ami: Of course a level 1 strike wouldn't wake you up.
Ami: But how about a level... 2! Take this!
*This time, she put her full weight into a falling elbow strike.*
Tatsuko: Ooof!
Yamato: Err...
Ryuuhei: Don't worry about her. She's being soft.
Yamato: (You're too close!!!)
Tatsuko: Nffff... hm... Oh, Ami... Morning.
Ami: Yeah. Good morning, Tatsu. I don't mean to rush you, but I'd like something to eat.
Tatsuko: Okay, just gimme a second... *yawn*...
Tatsuko: ...Oh!
Tatsuko: Right, Yamato-kun... You're here.
Tatsuko: Welcome to the Itagaki's!
*She hugged me tightly...*
*Enveloping my head in the same pleasantness I'd experienced when I woke up.*
Ami: Tatsu, you really do have a thing for him.
Ryuuhei: Heh. Seems kind of boring to me.
Tatsuko: I'll make some food for you, too, Yamato-kun. It won't be long.
Tatsuko: *kiss*
Yamato: Mmph?!
Ami: ...Yeah, you are definitely into him.
Ryuuhei: Geh, what the hell? I am pissed.
Tatsuko: Eh heh heh. I love you, little brother. *pat*
Yamato: Whoa...
Ryuuhei: Quit blushing, you scum!
Ami: Ryuu, have you and your one-track mind forgotten again?!
Ryuuhei: Gah?! *Hack!* *wheeze*... M-My bad, Ami.
Ryuuhei: My body started moving before I could think.
Tatsuko: I know things can be crazy in here, but try to feel at home, okay?
Yamato: I can try, but...
Ryuuhei: She's telling you... to not be so tense.
Yamato: (But you're still too close!!!!)
Tatsuko: Then I'll go cook something up.
Ami: So, Yamato, let me start with a warning.
Ami: Right now, we have no intention of hurting you any further.
Ami: Well, we will break your legs if you try to run.
Yamato: Why in the world are you doing this?
Ami: Maroudo said he wants to talk with you.
Yamato: (Maroudo... So he is real...)
Ryuuhei: Maroudo plans to contact us tomorrow.
Ryuuhei: He'll tell you more then.
Yamato: ...Heck, is this 'Maroudo' a foreigner?
Ami: Well, I wonder.
Ami: I can't tell you his nationality, his age, or even if he is a 'he'.
Yamato: ...Which means I'm stuck here until tomorrow...?
Ryuuhei: We didn't want you here either.
Ami: Well, you have nothing to worry about, unless you try to run.
Ryuuhei: Nah, go ahead and run. I'd love an excuse to fuck you up.
Ami: You're in a foul mood today, Ryuu.
Ryuuhei: Yeah, because I had to be the bait yesterday!
Ryuuhei: Of course that's gonna piss me off!
Ami: Why be so upset? Maroudo ordered it.
Ryuuhei: I mean, yeah, but...
Ryuuhei: Whoa -- I just caught myself daydreaming of his soft skin.
Yamato: Huh? That's my phone...
Ami: Yeah. I took the liberty of taking it from you.
Ryuuhei: You have no way to contact anyone. Just give up.
Yamato: ...Where's the bathroom?
Ami: Past that door. Use it whenever you want.
Ami: There's a window, but it's too small for you to fit through.
Yamato: ...I'll go use it.
*I took refuge in the bathroom.*
Yamato: (I let them take me prisoner... What a blunder.)
*I took a look outside the window.*
Yamato: ...What the...? The sky outside's filled with smoke.
*And the air stank of gasoline.*
*There must have been a lot of factories nearby.*
*Which meant there was only one place we could be.*
*The easternmost part of Kawakami in the heavy industrial district, Kawakami Shinmachi.*
*...Not exactly my favorite place to get stuck.*
*I had to escape somehow.*
Angel: Yo, anyone inside? Open up!
Yamato: I'm heading out now.
Angel: Oh, it's Naoe Yamato, the prisoner.
Angel: All your peeps are totally weak!
Yamato: ...Nah, we can do anything with some effort.
Angel: Really? 'Cause I don't think none of them can beat my golf-defense.
*Come to think of it, her weapon was a golf club.*
*Why a golf club, I wondered... But I thought better of asking the question aloud.*
*Who knew what might trigger her to act violently? I had one objective, to get out of here alive.*
Angel: Well, forget it. Just get the fuck out of my way.
Yamato: Sure. (I have to get out of here somehow.)
Ami: You look like you're trying to think of a way to escape.
Yamato: Right now, I'd rather get a better understanding of my current situation.
Ami: Heh heh. Well then, why don't you take a look at your phone. See?
Yamato: N-No signal?
Ami: Not even a cell phone signal can get here.
*She took my cellphone back.*
Ryuuhei: That's why our TV's just for watching DVDs or playing games.
*...That sucked.*
Ami: Things are dangerous here, it's practically lawless. Though that does keep the rent cheap.
Ami: It fits us to a T. Heh heh heh.
Tatsuko: 
*Itagaki Tatsuko was humming a jaunty tune as she cooked.*
Ami: Tatsu's in charge of cooking. Her food tastes pretty good.
Ami: But sometimes she'll fall asleep halfway through. You don't want to eat what we end up with then.
Yamato: That's fine... Wait, is it?
Ryuuhei: Tatsu handles all the housework, not just cooking.
Tatsuko: Food's ready!
Angel: I been waitin' forever!
Tatsuko: Look, look. I made some for you too, Yamato-kun.
Eat it
Don't eat it
Yamato: I guess I'll eat, too...
Ryuuhei: Wow, you're adapting better than I thought.
Yamato: I have to eat...
Angel: Machines need gas. People need grub. Everything needs energy.
Yamato: I won't eat it...
Tatsuko: Why not? Are you feeling sick?
Ami: Well, think about things from his perspective. I'm sure he's feeling down.
Angel: But food's the fuckin' shit when you're down! *om nom nom*
Angel: Just hearin' the word 'food' picks me up!
Angel: Well, if you ain't hungry, then I get your share!
Yamato: (If I plan on running, I'll have to eat something.)
Yamato: (I can't do anything if I can't stand.) ...I'll eat.
Tatsuko: Good. Eat up.
Yamato: Thanks for the food.
*Meals with these four were a strange sight.*
Ryuuhei: *Chomp!* *Chomp!*
Angel: Damn! This tomato soup's the shit!
Yamato: (They're so wild...)
*On the menu was white rice, natto, spinach and fluffed-up eggs, along with a vegetable, bacon and tomato soup.*
Yamato: Wow... It's good. I can really taste the flavor.
Tatsuko: Yay, I did it.
Tatsuko: My siblings don't care so long as it's edible, so I wasn't sure if other people would like it...
Yamato: No, it's delicious.
Ami: Ah... This would make a good photo. Is this the camera?
*Oddly enough, she took the photo using my phone.*
Ami: Well, don't worry about it. Just eat.
Yamato: (What was she...? Well, all I can do is eat.)
*The natto had sardines and white sesame seeds added in. It looked nutritious.*
Ami: *munch munch*
Tatsuko: *om nom nom*
Yamato: (Everyone here really does eat wildly.)
Angel: I get Ryuu's bacon!
Ryuuhei: Huh? You kidding me?! Give that back, dammit!
Angel: You'll never hit me, dumbass! Stop bein' so pissed!
Ryuuhei: Then I get your white rice! *munch munch*
Angel: Fuck off, Ryuuuuuuu!
Yamato: Whoa?!
*Their fight was so intense, they managed to flip over the table.*
*However, everyone scooped up their bowls and plates, keeping anything from spilling.*
Ami: You can never let your guard down.
*Itagaki Ami, who'd already finished eating, had managed to deftly catch all of my dishes without a single spill.*
Yamato: I didn't expect something like that to happen during mealtime... Thanks... Wait, what?
Ami: *munch* I saved this, so it's mine now.
Yamato: (Oh, cruel world...)
Tatsuko: Oh, then you can eat mine, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: N-No, I'm fine.
Ami: Tatsu, how much of a thing do you have for this guy?
Tatsuko: I mean, it's just a first impression. He just seems like my type. Eheheh.
Ami: There's got to be plenty of better-looking guys than him.
Tatsuko: No, you don't get it! He totally oozes that younger brother aura.
Ryuuhei: You got a problem with me? Huh?!
Angel: Uh, duh! Gimme back my rice!
Tatsuko: Awww. Couldn't you two please settle down?
Ami: Tatsu, you have to be stricter with them.
Ami: Cut it out, you loudmouths!
Angel: Y-Yes, ma'am.
Ryuuhei: Yeah, will do, Ami...
Tatsuko: *clap clap clap*
Yamato: (So, the eldest sister is the strongest...) *clap clap*
Ami: ...So then, I need to leave for work.
Angel: We're countin' on you, Breadwinner!
Ryuuhei: Maybe I'll head outside too.
Ryuuhei: But one last warning, in case you forgot. If you run away, I'll destroy you.
Yamato: (His eyes... They look so hard. I think he'd really do it.)
*However, if both of them were heading out, then this was my chance.*
*I had to wait patiently for the most opportune moment to flee.*
*Things weren't likely to be that simple, of course.*
*But that was all the more reason not to let what chances I got slip away.*
*...One hour later.*
Angel: Take that! Get fucked, you zombie bitches!
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Yamato: (I didn't expect an opportunity so soon.)
*Itagaki Tatsuko was taking a nap, using me as a body pillow.*
*As for Angel, she was engrossed in her video game.*
Tatsuko: Zzz... Mmm... Yamato-kun.
*I gingerly slipped out from under her.*
Tatsuko: *snore*
*And yet, I could hardly believe how deeply asleep she was.*
Angel: Ah, I started playing a VN because of how scary those zombies were, but now I'm killin' zombies to forget how much of a slog the VN was!
*Her level of focus was incredible.*
*I easily made it out of the house.*
*I could barely see anything through the smoke, and the smell of shampoo lay heavy in the air.*
Yamato: Makes sense... There are a lot of factories out here.
Yamato: It doesn't look like there's any passersby... So then, what do I do?
Quickly yet thoroughly scan the area
Try to find a house or people, and seek help
*That seemed best. There didn't seem to be anyone around anyways.*
*I ran down the road.*
Yamato: ...Okay, if I just keep running...
Angel: Don't you dare try to get out of here!
Yamato: There's got to be people or homes somewh... Ah, there's a house!
Yamato: ...Dammit, no one's home.
Yamato: ...Oh! A truck!
Angel: You think you gonna get help from him?!
Yamato: ...What?
Angel: Wahaha! Damn, you naive! Don't underestimate a martial artist!
Angel: What's it called, searching for ki? Anyways, when you run, I can hunt you down.
Yamato: Y-You can detect my ki? Even though I'm just a normal guy?
Angel: I memorized yours.
*At that moment, an adult man started walking towards us.*
*But much to my surprise, he bobbed his head to Itagaki Angel as he passed.*
Angel: Ain't no one 'round here who'd oppose us.
Yamato: ...Kh! *Cough!*
Angel: Wahaha. Ain't it hard to breathe in this smoke?
Angel: ...So, looks like you were plannin' an escape.
Angel: I gonna kill your ass, nice and slowly... Aww, your life's over.
*Things were starting to sound dangerous...*
*But it was too early to give up.*
Angel: ...But, well, you see?
Yamato: ......?
Angel: Tatsu's got a thing for you, so maybe I'll make an exception and pretend this never happened.
Angel: Killin' you'd make her pretty sad.
Angel: Now be a good prisoner and come back with me, 'kay?
*I decided to...*
Force my way through
Do as she says
Yamato: Like hell I will!
*I tried to force my way past Itagaki Angel, but...*
Angel: Resist, and I be blowin' you to kingdom come.
Yamato: Kh!
*Dammit. In the end, I couldn't get past her.*
Angel: I'll try being nice one more time. Come back with me. Got it?
*It looked like I have no choice but to obey.*
*It looked like I have no choice but to obey.*
Yamato: ...Okay.
Angel: Sweet. Then you get another lease on life.
Angel: Now be a good little boy till tomorrow when Maroudo calls.
Yamato: (My escape plan failed...)
Yamato: (However, I did learn some things. I won't give up. I'll keep waiting until I get another chance.)
*...The Kawakami Academy Athletic Fields.*
Touma: Hideo, I hear you will be quite busy this weekend.
Hideo: Indeed. We must flip the large corporation We recently acquired.
Touma: That sounds like quite the endeavor. I wish you luck.
Hideo: A hero is ever busy. Mwahahahaha!
Hideo: So We ask you, Touma. Have you determined the source of the Utopia?
Touma: It seems that people are acquiring it cheaply on the internet in order to sell it here in Kawakami.
Hideo: Our investigation revealed the same.
Touma: I have taken efforts to take down the most prominent of such sites by, for instance, tipping off the police.
Hideo: Toiling away where you can? Your actions have helped Us greatly, Touma.
Touma: You needn't thank me. I share your outrage.
Kyojin: You two are as close as ever.
Umeko: So, why'd you call us here?
Hideo: Well, Our workload will increase dramatically beginning this weekend.
Hideo: Ergo, We shall yield to the school the authority to direct the Dark Cookies placed throughout the city.
Hideo: Use them as you see fit, either to accompany patrols or to stand guard at points you deem suspicious!
Umeko: That will very helpful.
Kyojin: Now we can put together an effective patrol rotation.
Hideo: Indeed. So then, Azumi, begin the setup at once!
Azumi: Yes, sir! Placing a terminal for controlling the Dark Cookies in the teachers' office now.
Umeko: Thank you for all you've done.
Hideo: We recommend you teachers determine the password yourselves and keep it close.
Kyojin: Then I'll just set to something.
Kyojin: What should we go with? Hmm... Maybe Ms. Kojima's birthday?
Umeko: No.
Touma: May I recommend that you choose the password when students are not present?
Kyojin: Whoa, good call.
Umeko: Then the school shall take full responsibility for the management of the Dark Cookies.
Touma: ...Should you really place the terminal so openly in the teachers' office?
Kyojin: You think it might be insecure?
Touma: Heaven forbid the terminal be compromised.
Kyojin: You're overthinking things.
Touma: I could hack it, if desired to do so.
Hideo: Mwahahaha. Do you think men of your caliber are so easily found, Touma?
Kyojin: Relax. I'll take charge of guarding it.
Touma: ......
Kyojin: Why do you look so skeptical?! I'm your teacher, you know!
Umeko: Well, Kuki, you've been a great help.
Umeko: ...However, who in the world is behind this?
Umeko: I would like nothing more than to whip and scold them.
Kyojin: Hahaha. That might be just what they're looking for.
Umeko: This is not the time for jokes.
Hideo: The brawl yesterday grew so extravagant that the State chose to enter the fray.
Hideo: (Well, it was Kazuko-dono and her friends who brought violence to bear...)
Hideo: You must be careful, Touma.
Touma: Yes, I will, thank you.
*The sun slowly set on the field.*
*--The Itagaki residence.*
*I'd been able to take proper bath and sleep in a proper bed yesterday.*
*Thanks to that, I was in good health. Though I had mixed feelings about it.*
Ami: Okay, line up here.
Tatsuko: Yay! Yamato-kun, we're going to be in a picture together.
Ami: Come closer together. Okay, say 'cheese'!
Yamato: ...Why are you taking all those pictures on my phone?
Ami: Maroudo ordered it. Not that I have any idea why.
Yamato: Maroudo again? ...I'm meeting him today, right?
Ami: That's right. And it's happening now. We're about to go.
Yamato: Finally. Just what sort of guy is he?
Angel: Don't get your hopes up.
Yamato: I shouldn't?
Tatsuko: Yeah...
Ryuuhei: You'll be shocked when you find out. Hahahaha.
Yamato: Wait.
Yamato: Is everyone going?
Ami: Well, we also have to keep watch over you.
Angel: Any of your friends come try to save you -- we fuckin' kill 'em. Heh heh heh.
Tatsuko: All of us heading out together is going to be so much fun.
Ami: You are far too relaxed, Tatsu... Well, that's fine.
Yamato: (As good as the Family is, their search wouldn't have spread this far already.)
Yamato: (Maroudo, you're unbelievably wary.)
*--Midday, at the factory.*
Yamato: Here? Again?!
Angel: We really dig this spot.
Ami: We're the only ones here. You can talk to Maroudo to your heart's content.
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Yamato: Sh-She's sleeping on her feet?
Angel: Yeah, she's always fallin' asleep at the drop of a hat.
Ami: Well, let's just leave her there.
Ryuuhei: I brought him, Maroudo!
*It was finally time to see his face.*
Yamato: Oh! You're...
Maroudo: Good day, Naoe Yamato.
Yamato: You're talking to me through a laptop?!
Maroudo: I am. Aren't you surprised that I am Maroudo?!
Yamato: And you're using some sort of device to change your voice, aren't you?!
*I couldn't learn anything.*
Ami: That's just how secretive he is.
Angel: But we know his true identity.
Ryuuhei: To be precise, only the four of us and one other knows who he is.
Ryuuhei: And yet, he's already willing to talk directly to you... You lucky bastard. I'm jealous.
Yamato: Am I supposed to talk to the laptop, or...?
Maroudo: I would rather keep my identity veiled behind this screen. You understand.
Yamato: (Then I'll just have to try to derive as much information from our conversation as I can.)
Maroudo: Were you to join me, we'd then meet in the flesh, with no computers or clothing standing between us.
Yamato: You can keep the clothes on, thank you.
Maroudo: Are you sure? I think you'd be happy to see just how... big I am.
Maroudo: Regardless, wouldn't you like to join me?
Yamato: Again, you don't beat around the bush.
Yamato: Why would you want me to join you?
Maroudo: Hmm... Because of a feeling.
Maroudo: You seem to think like I do.
Maroudo: I seek simply to have a companion who understands me.
Angel: We try to get you, Maroudo.
Maroudo: Truly? I appreciate that, A-chan.
Ami: Hey, Angel, don't butt in.
Yamato: In that case... I would love to hear your thoughts.
Maroudo: First, join me in selling this!
*The image on the screen changed.*
*Changed to one of collapsed schoolgirls foaming at the mouth.*
Yamato: I know that uniform. It's from a nearby girls' school.
Maroudo: Yes, yes. I daresay I am fond of that uniform.
Maroudo: Well, enough kidding around. These are the symptoms of withdrawal from heavy consumption of Utopia.
Yamato: Well, that's certainly not much fun to look at.
*These girls who'd fallen prey to the drug lay spasming on the floor.*
Maroudo: Really? I simply cannot help but laugh. Ahahaha!
Maroudo: After all, they're old enough to take responsibility for their actions. Like moths to a flame, their choice destroyed them.
Maroudo: It is sheer stupidity, and foolishness can only be met with... Heheh, hahahah!
Maroudo: ...Or at least, I try to laugh to fill the emptiness I feel inside.
Yamato: (Is Maroudo... a guy, maybe?)
Maroudo: Life is just... so... boring!
Yamato: I'm having a pretty fun time myself...
Maroudo: Well, I enjoy playing with friends as well.
Yamato: (Sounds like he's not an old man...)
Maroudo: Look at this. What do you think? Oh, and Itagakis, be so kind as to look away.
Angel: Fuckin' why?
Maroudo: I wouldn't want to ruin your upbringing. Heh heh.
*The image on the screen changed.*
Yamato: Whoa... This time, you show me an orgy?
*The screen showed men and women hedonistically enjoying themselves at a club.*
Yamato: I don't recognize any of the faces... Why are you showing me this?
Maroudo: Utopia caused all these people to lose their rationality.
Maroudo: Humans... Peel back their outer layer and this is what you find.
Maroudo: How ugly. How despicable. How... ugh.
Yamato: ...So?
Maroudo: Would we not be fools to work hard to live in a world as depraved as ours?
Maroudo: If so, then let us be done with morals.
Maroudo: Better to exploit these fools for all they are worth and truly enjoy life.
Yamato: And you're starting off by getting rich selling prescription drugs?
Maroudo: Yes, precisely!
Maroudo: This is nothing but a warm-up...
Maroudo: I daresay I seek to do far worse evil... But I cannot do that alone.
Maroudo: So, what say you? Will you dance with me on the backs of the poor and weak?
Maroudo: Again I say to you: In this world, hard work and diligence amount to nothing.
Yamato: (He speaks really frankly... What if I provoke him a little?)
Yamato: ...What makes you so certain?
Maroudo: I would hope that does not need explaining.
Yamato: Because the country is rotting?
Maroudo: Yes... For there is no good man who would guide it. Our future is bleak. That is one reason.
Maroudo: Ah, but there is a second, far more nihilistic reason.
Yamato: Because everyone always lies to one other?
Maroudo: Yes, because of that farce! Lies, lies, lies, everyone, always with the lies!
Maroudo: If all that is pure is to be trampled by the unclean...
Maroudo: Then let everyone be unclean!
Yamato: ......
Maroudo: Well, Naoe Yamato? I would welcome you with open arms.
Yamato: You wouldn't reach out like this to a complete stranger. Which means we must know each other.
Maroudo: Of course we do. We have met regularly in the course of our lives.
Yamato: (Huh... You admitted it so easily.)
Maroudo: So, Naoe Yamato, what is your answer?
Yamato: ...Well, I can't say I'm much for teaming up with someone who won't even show his face.
Maroudo: Join me, and I will reveal myself in good time.
Yamato: (So I can't trick him into revealing himself...)
Maroudo: Well... I still await your reply.
Yamato: ......
Ryuuhei: Kh kh...
*I felt a fiery hostility flaring up behind me.*
Angel: Heh heh...
*If I refused, the Itagakis would surely attack me here and now.*
*I wouldn't last long.*
*And yet, saying yes would chart a dangerous course.*
*In which case...*
Yamato: I understand your argument.
Yamato: However, there are many people who say those words but never act on them.
Yamato: How can I not be uneasy, when I know neither your full capabilities nor your true face?
Maroudo: Huh? I captured you so easily. Isn't that a testament to my strength?
Yamato: You certainly did, yes...
Yamato: But that alone isn't enough.
Maroudo: Hmmm, you have such confidence.
Ryuuhei: Stop acting like you're a big shot! I'll smash your face in!
Maroudo: Ryuuhei. I hate it when I'm interrupted.
Ryuuhei: Oh... Sorry...
Yamato: (What? He commands that man-beast like a dog?)
*Who in the world was he...?*
Maroudo: To show you my power...... Ah, yes!
Maroudo: How about you go see the Carnival?!
Yamato: Huh? What 'Carnival'?
Maroudo: It is the day when all the efforts of Kazama Shouichi and his friends to destroy our organization will be made for naught!
Yamato: (You know Capt's full name...?)
Yamato: ...'Carnival'? The name makes it sound fun.
Maroudo: Oh, it will be. For the moral bedrock of Kawakami shall collapse in a single night.
Yamato: ...What?
Maroudo: A picture is worth a thousand words, as they say. Ten days remain until the Carnival begins.
Maroudo: I'll have Ryuuhei and the rest keep watch over you until then. 
Ami: Tatsu, Yamato's going to stay with us for a little while longer.
Tatsuko: Zzz... Zzz...
Ami: You're still asleep? You might be my sister, but you still manage to amaze me.
Maroudo: I trust you'll be courteous.
Maroudo: Oh, but if he does try to run away... Do him in!
Ryuuhei: Aye aye, sir.
Yamato: You sure said that lightly...
Ryuuhei: B-By the way, Maroudo.
Maroudo: Ryuuhei, I will listen to your request if you make the Carnival a success.
Ryuuhei: ...Ngh.
*With that, Maroudo ended the call.*
Yamato: So... What is this 'Carnival'?
Ami: It's just a regular old festival. Heh heh heh.
Ami: A grand festival, with people coming from all over to celebrate.
Yamato: (I have a bad feeling about this.)
Angel: Shit, that's over a week away. He gonna be with us all that time?
Ami: That seems to be the case... I never imagined he would be with us for so long.
Angel: We gotta keep watchin' over him? Well, it ain't no biggie.
Yamato: ...Once it's been more than a few days, they're going to turn up the heat.
Ami: Then we'll have to start by giving your friends some fresh peace of mind.
Yamato: Huh?
Ami: The photos we've been taking? I've been sending them to your friends. On Maroudo's orders, of course. They know you're doing well.
Ami: The regular updates should keep them from panicking.
Yamato: Then let me send them a text. You can stand behind me as I type, check the contents, whatever you like.
*In that instant, the computer flickered back to life.*
Maroudo: Oh, by the way. There's one thing I forgot to mention.
Maroudo: Do not, under any circumstances, allow Naoe Yamato to make contact with his friends.
Maroudo: Who knows what sort of secret codes he might send.
Maroudo: Ami, please keep sending the pictures verifying he is in good health.
Maroudo: We shall meet again after the Carnival!
Ami: You heard him, Yamato.
Yamato: Maroudo... Nothing gets past you.
Ami: No sooner had I brought your phone someplace with a signal than its inbox was flooded with texts.
Angel: His friends must be worried about him?
Ami: They are, but he's gotten texts from lots of others as well.
Yamato: Could you please respect my privacy, maybe?
Ryuuhei: A prisoner doesn't get privacy.
Yamato: (Maroudo... This conversation significantly narrowed down who you might be.)
Yamato: (But to be 100% certain, I need a little more information first.)
Ami: ...Hah. So then, I guess I'll send those pictures.
Ami: Kawakami Momoyo... Yeah, she works. And... send.
Yamato: ...Argh.
*I hated watching someone else fiddle on my phone.*
Tatsuko: Zzz... Zzz...
*I had to do something, and fast.*
*......*
*--Kawakami Station's ticket gate.*
Hideo: Oh, Kazuko-dono! Your timing is impeccable.
Azumi: Hello again during summer break! 
Kazuko: Yeah. Thanks for stopping back here, Kuki-kun.
Hideo: Say nothing of it. Affectionately viewing commoners attend the station is one of life's pleasures. Mwahaha.
Hideo: --So, why are you present here, Minamoto of Class F?
Tadakatsu: Because I'm involved in this shit too.
Hideo: You lack even the slightest bit of tact. Well, fine... Azumi, the item we discussed!
Azumi: Roger that, Hideo-sama!
Hideo: Our engineers too were shocked when they heard of Cookie's destruction.
Kazuko: I'm so sorry we broke your gift...
Hideo: You did no such thing. We heard the full tale of it, that Cookie was destroyed.
Hideo: We are glad you chose to contact Us, Kazuko-dono.
Kazuko: I'm sorry I only talk to you when I need your help.
Hideo: Mwahahaha. A Hero does not endeavor to be petty!
Kazuko: But even so, I'm sorry...
Hideo: Very well. In that case, let us discuss a topic that will surely brighten your mood.
Hideo: We confirmed that the remnants of Cookie that you gave Us included his intact memory unit.
Hideo: We can rebuild him, with his memories, into a new, better, faster model. We have the technology!
Kazuko: You can? Yay! I knew you and the Kuki Conglomerate could do it!
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Say nothing of it!
Hideo: This time, We are constructing for it the greatest possible body, one constructed out of an indestructible rare metal!
Kazuko: A-Are you sure you're fine with giving us this for free?
Hideo: Fret not. This is the will of the Kukis!
Azumi: And if we did send you an invoice, the number of zeroes would shock you silly.
Kazuko: Ooooh...
Hideo: Regardless, We ask that, until the new Cookie is ready, you use a certain item. Azumi!
Azumi: Here you are, sir! 
Cookie 3: Hey, Kazuko. Wahaha, been a long two days.
Kazuko: A-A tiny Cookie?
Hideo: Oh, might this be the first time you have witnessed this form?
Hideo: This is Cookie's third form. We had on hand the replacement parts for this section, making its restoration easy.
Azumi: But it can't transform right now, okay? 
Hideo: Please use this until its proper body has been built.
Kazuko: Th-Thank you for everything. I can't believe you did this much in a day.
Hideo: Oh, when We thought of how sad you would be without Cookie, We could not stop Ourself.
Kazuko: Yeah...
Cookie 3: Nice to meet you all over again, Kazuko.
Kazuko: This form must have its own quirks too, right?
Hideo: This one is noted for its superb brainpower.
Cookie 3: Righto! High-scoring elite, at your service.
Tadakatsu: Would it've killed you to make him talk normally?
Azumi: Entertainment is important, you see
Hideo: And Kazuko-dono, what of the kidnapped Naoe Yamato?
Kazuko: Mmm, we haven't been able to find him...
Hideo: Then the situation is grave. Azumi!
Azumi: Roger that. I'll make arrangements for the servant corps immediately.
Hideo: We shall dispatch Our people to neighboring towns to search.
Hideo: And let them also search for the one called Maroudo.
Hideo: We are not the police, so We shall not interfere with any contact with law enforcement.
Kazuko: Th-Thank you for everything, really.
Hideo: For you, Kazuko-dono, We would do anything.
Hideo: This shall keep Us busy this weekend. You may find it difficult to contact Us.
Hideo: Even if the prospect of a date with you were to arise, We would struggle to find the time.
Hideo: Though the God of War, Kawakami Momoyo, may be on your side, you must remain vigilant!
Kazuko: Y-Yeah.
Hideo: (Kazuko's presence casts a cloud of nervous anxiety over Us, making it most difficult to find Our words.)
Kazuko: (If I tell Kuki-kun that Onee-sama's power was sealed, he wouldn't be able to do his work.)
Cookie 3: I'll rack my brains so hard, you'll forget Yamato's gone!
*--In the Kazama family's secret base.*
*The interior had escaped the attack utterly unscathed.*
*Our sanctuary was safe.*
Cookie 3: Hey Miyako. We meet again.
Miyako: You've changed into a completely new form...
Miyako: But you still have the same memories. I'm glad to see you, Cookie.
Cookie 3: Ooh hoo hoo. All the ladies love me.
Shouichi: So Cookie, I don't mean to rush you or nothing, but...
Cookie 3: Oh, you want to know what the guy who beat me black and blue looked like?
Shouichi: Yeah, that's it!
Shouichi: Guys, it's Super Sleuthing Time!
Cookie 3: The person was covered in a cloak from head to toe. Obviously suspicious.
Shouichi: Another guy in a cloak? Then there's no telling who they were.
Miyako: But on the other hand, we do know one thing: they wore a cloak.
Chris: It must have been to hide their true identity.
Miyako: In other words, it's someone who needs to keep their identity secret.
Yukie: ...If we restrict ourselves to people with pictures or montages...
Kazuko: Huh? I don't get it. What do we know?
Cookie 3: Odds are good that the person who destroyed me is someone we know.
Kazuko: What? Do you really think we know someone that mean?
Miyako: Furthermore, this person was able to defeat Cookie's second form.
Chris: That narrows down the suspect list considerably.
Shouichi: Huh? So then that guy who showed up in back at the factory in a hood -- they were tryin' to hide themselves, too?
Miyako: The person at the factory was a middle-aged man with a grim voice, right?
Yukie: Yes, I'm certain of it.
Miyako: Hm...
Momoyo: There's more mysteries. Who used the Human Jellyfish technique to pin the blame on me?
Momoyo: Because I swear I didn't do it.
Shouichi: If you swear it, then we believe you.
Takuya: We trust you, Momo-senpai.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Momoyo: ...I just wish you could share some of that warmth with Gramps.
Kazuko: But the only people who can use the Human Jellyfish technique are...
Momoyo: Myself... Gramps... and Shakadou-san.
Kazuko: Shakadou, the former assistant master... But why would an assistant master be in a place like that?
Momoyo: No clue... But.
Momoyo: Shakadou-san's the only one it could be. Though there isn't any proof.
Kazuko: But that means the person who attacked Capt is--
Momoyo: He's got to be Shakadou-san too. It all adds up.
Kazuko: ...Oh, because we would've been able to identify him!
Momoyo: If we assume they were trying to make me weak... then their whole plan was for Gramps to purge me from the temple.
Momoyo: Shakadou-san knows both how strong I am and the nature of the Kawakami Temple. This is exactly what he'd do.
Tadakatsu: It'd be pretty dirty for someone that strong to go straight after Kazama.
Tadakatsu: They must've figured out that he's the core of your group, the one you all gather 'round.
Tadakatsu: Whoever's givin' orders to that Shakadou guy must be someone you guys know well.
Kazuko: But that means...
Miyako: Maroudo is someone connected with the Kawakami Academy?
Momoyo: Yeah... And they're close with Shakadou-san.
Momoyo: In other words, it's someone so strong that Shakadou-san, a wild beast, thinks they're better than he is.
Chris: Is this Shakadou person that dangerous?
Momoyo: When we knew him, he lived only to fight. So much so that the Kawakami Temple expelled him.
Tadakatsu: If that's who they're teamin' up with, I can see why Ryuuhei'd be content to follow.
Tadakatsu: The main man must have some mysterious charm.
Miyako: Also, I think he has to be smart.
Miyako: ...After all, we did fall into his trap when we attacked.
Miyako: ...Well, he did make a pretty large miscalculation. Heh heh heh.
Yukie: What are you talking about?
Miyako: He didn't account for you, Mayucchi. He must not have anticipated there was someone strong enough to stop Shakadou in his tracks.
Momoyo: You've got a point.
Shouichi: Right? He's payin' way too much attention to Momo-senpai and none to anyone else.
Shouichi: Which means I'm still fit as a fiddle. Thanks, Mayucchi!
Yukie: N-No, it was nothing...
Kazuko: Ooh... Ooooh... Ooooooh, my head.
Chris: I believe Dog has learned so much that she has begun to overheat.
Shouichi: ...Well, then let's take a breather.
Shouichi: But first, let's do a quick overview of where we're at. ...Umm...
Shouichi: Gakuto's wounded and in the hospital. Yamato was kidnapped.
Shouichi: Miyako and Chris's wounds will take two weeks to heal up.
Shouichi: Wanko and Gen-san are out for five days.
Shouichi: Momo-senpai's had her power sealed away, thanks to someone trickin' the Principal.
Momoyo: Also, I should mention I'm still about as strong as Chris is when she's unarmed.
Miyako: I'm amazed you're still that strong, even sealed.
Kazuko: Grampa has been in bed ever since...
Kazuko: Why won't he just release the seal already?!
Momoyo: Getting Gramps to realize what really happened takes top priority, far as I'm concerned.
Momoyo: If we don't find Shakadou-san...
Shouichi: Cookie was destroyed, but he's back in action.
Cookie 3: But this form makes me a moderate, so you'll see no fighting out of me.
Shouichi: And I, Moro, and Mayucchi have nothing keeping us down.
Takuya: Thankfully, yes.
Chris: The situation is not good... but Mayucchi, I believe we can rely on you.
Momoyo: There's no need to hide it anymore. You're unequivocally strong.
Momoyo: I'm counting on you. We all are.
Yukie: Thank you very much. I'll do my best!
Shouichi: Anyways, current plan: Miyako and Chris heal up...
Shouichi: Mayucchi tries to search for Yamato's aura...
Tadakatsu: And Kazama and I start probin' into our foe.
Kazuko: ...We're completely on our back foot.
Chris: With things having come to this... I wish we could ask Yamato his opinion.
Yukie: I'm worried for him. Let's search for him again, and soon.
Miyako: He... He won't answer any of my calls.
Kazuko: I wonder what the enemy's planning to do with Yamato now that they've kidnapped him.
Chris: They said they have no intentions of harming him further, but...
Miyako: We can't trust them.
Momoyo: ...I'm sure Yamato will figure out some way to escape, or else contact us.
Yukie: We cannot miss his signal!
Momoyo: Hm? Someone texted me?: Oh, it's from Yamato's phone!
Miyako: HE MESSAGED US?!
Momoyo: ...No, the enemy wrote this message. They're treating him like a VIP, and...
Momoyo: What? They've attached a photo as evidence?
Miyako: YAMATO!
Chris: Let us see...
Yukie: Yamato-san, please be all right.
*Everyone crowded together to look at Momoyo's phone.*
*On it was a picture of Yamato eating dinner with the Itagaki sisters...*
*And a picture of Tatsuko clinging to him.*
Chris: ...Hey, it almost looks like he is enjoying himself.
Takuya: Errrm....? These people are our enemies, right?
Kazuko: Wow, Yamato, you're amazing. Did you make friends with them already?
Momoyo: At any rate, it's good to see him on his feet.
Yukie: Whew, it's a relief to see him well.
Miyako: But there's a part of him that's in complete danger!
Miyako: Especially from that melon-chested woman. She clearly feels affection towards Yamato... She'll pay for that!
Momoyo: ...Yeah, I kinda get pissed just looking at them.
Shouichi: But still, Wanko's right.
Shouichi: I feel like he's already starting to get friendly with the enemy.
Shouichi: ...Maybe...
Shouichi: Maybe Yamato's planning to stir things up from inside the enemy base.
Tadakatsu: Yeah... He's dug himself into a nice position.
Kazuko: Ohhh... I get it. That's why he's our tactician.
Shouichi: For now, let's keep on searching, and keep not reporting anything to the police.
*Little by little, the Family edged closer to an opportunity to counterattack.*
*--At the Child Palace.*
*One man smiled beneath the boorish building.*
Maroudo: So then, the Kazama Family appear to be getting back on their feet.
Maroudo: All right. Then I shall steal their most important hangout.
Maroudo: Let despair be their companion when the Carnival begins.
Maroudo: That settles it. Oh, aren't I simply heartless?
*Even now, Maroudo continued his attacks--*
*--Kawakami Temple.*
Lu: We've had no luck. We've saved the lives of those afflicted by the Human Jellyfish technique, but they remain unconscious.
Lu: And they seem to have developed an addiction to the drug, I can't keep them from frothing at the mouth.
Lu: Utopia... is too dangerous.
Tesshin: *cough* *wheeze*. Then we cannot ask who is responsible...
Lu: Momoyo has named Shakadou as the culprit.
Tesshin: Well, he certainly has the ability to use the Human Jellyfish technique.
Lu: However, Shakadou is not the type to play petty tricks.
Tesshin: True. I am not yet satisfied enough to release the Wyrmseal I laid on her...
Tesshin: But I ask that you continue to search for Shakadou.
Tesshin: ...I cannot imagine my granddaughter lying to me.
Lu: Yes, sir. It is true that we haven't been able to contact him recently...
Tesshin: And Lu, if it turns out that Shakadou is the culprit...
Lu: I know. We will make him bow to the laws of the Kawakami Temple!
*--Kawakami, in a certain empty lot.*
Ami: ......
Tatsuko: ......
Angel: ......
Yamato: It's rare for the three of you to look this serious.
Ryuuhei: Well, 'course we do. Today's our strict training day.
Yamato: Training? I heard we were going to buy clothes for me.
Ryuuhei: We'll be doing that after, just the two of us.
Yamato: ...Can we not?
Ryuuhei: We've been really getting along ever since we learned we're the same age.
Yamato: You kidnapped me, and now I have to spend every day with you. Did you expect me to just quiver in the corner?
Ryuuhei: Hmph. Well, at least you're quieter than when you were afraid.
Yamato: (I've already taken that part of your personality into account.)
Yamato: (You're the one who beat up Gakuto. I may act like we're close, but...)
Angel: --He's here!
Angel: Master! Wassup?!
Tatsuko: Good morning.
Ami: Thank you for working with us today.
Yamato: Master?
Yamato: --!
*Suddenly, I felt goosebumps.*
Shakadou: Yo... Man, ain't you lively today.
*The second I saw him, I felt something sinister.*
Shakadou: Oh, so this's the guy Maroudo mentioned.
*I felt an evil aura, one blacker than Nee-san's.*
Shakadou: Hee hee. I'm former assistant master of the Kawakami Temple, Gyoubu Shakadou.
Shakadou: Right now, I'm assistin' General Maroudo. Nice t'meet you.
*He slapped his hands down on my shoulders.*
*I...*
Give a polite greeting, for now
Ignore him
Yamato: ...Nice to meet you too.
Shakadou: Yeah... Heh heh heh.
Yamato: ......
Shakadou: What, ain't even gonna say hello? C'mon, man.
*It was like, to him, this was just a normal conversation.*
Shakadou: Now then... Today, I'll teach you all s'more cool moves!
Angel: Please do!
Shakadou: Angel, go do 300 practice swings from the flowin'-water stance.
Angel: Aye!
Yamato: ...It's just normal training?
Ryuuhei: My sisters are crazy strong thanks to Shakadou.
Ryuuhei: For instance, Angel's golf-defense.
Ryuuhei: She uses a golf club as a weapon -- might look silly at first...
Yamato: But it's no joke.
Ryuuhei: It's actually a martial art renowned for being undefeatable in one-on-one combat.
Shakadou: Ami, I'm goin' t'focus on you today. You've still got a lot t'learn about usin' the staff.
Ami: So, we'll be sparring? ...Yes, Sir.
Yamato: You're a former Kawakami Temple assistant master... That's a heck of a coach.
Tatsuko: Master! What about me?
Shakadou: Out've all you sisters, you're the most, you know...
Tatsuko: Really? Then I'll sleep. Zzz... Zzz...
Shakadou: Sleep lets a child grow. You're good just like that.
Yamato: Huh? She doesn't seem that exceptional to me...
Yamato: But why would someone formerly of the Kawakami Temple train them in the first place?
Ryuuhei: There's exactly one reason... Maroudo talked him into it.
Ryuuhei: Looking at Maroudo, listening to his voice, it's so... calming.
Ryuuhei: All this led to me awakening to a new sexual side of me I didn't know I had.
Yamato: ...So, does the little brother get left behind and not get to learn any martial arts?
Ryuuhei: I've got faith in my fists. I don't need martial arts.
Yamato: How fantastic. Like a street punk.
Ryuuhei: So then, why don't we go shopping for your clothes and stuff?
Yamato: ...Which you're paying for with my money?
Ryuuhei: Just be glad I didn't take everything in your wallet.
Yamato: ...Come to think of it, that is kind of surprising. I would've expected you to steal it all.
Ryuuhei: Tatsu felt bad for you and told me to stop.
Yamato: How nice of her...
Tatsuko: Zzz... Zzz...
*I thanked her, but she was still asleep on her feet.*
Ryuuhei: Hey, let's get a damn move on! But let me tell you something. In this neighborhood, don't expect to find anything fancy.
*So. Ryuuhei was brutal, but he wasn't learning the proper technique.*
Yamato: (I might be able to run away from him...!)
Ryuuhei: Whoops, almost forgot. Here you go. *Clank!*
Yamato: H-Handcuffs?!
Ryuuhei: Hmph. You looked restless, like you were gonna run away.
Yamato: Argh...
Ami: Seyaahh!
Shakadou: Hahaha! You've still got a long ways t'go!
*When I turned around, I saw Ami and Shakadou having a fierce sparring match.*
*Each of them moved like a master.*
Yamato: (Whoa... The Itagakis are at Chris's level... and Shakadou, at least, is close in strength to Nee-san?)
*Their sparring match reminded me of my friends'.*
Yamato: (Damn, they're strong...)
Tatsuko: Zzz...
*Though one of them was randomly taking a nap.*
Ryuuhei: But still, let me say this again. Your body excites me.
Yamato: Huh?! Hey, you're getting in my face again!
Ryuuhei: Heh heh, be careful out there. Disobey Maroudo and I'll beat you silly... but only after I've had my fun. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: ......
*He was terrifying. I couldn't believe I had lived under the same roof with him as long as I had...*
*At any rate, these siblings, along with Shakadou, were terribly strong.*
*I'd been a fool to think I could run away from them so easily.*
*...In which case.*
*......*
*--After dinner, Itagaki residence.*
Tatsuko: Aren't you happy you got to buy new clothes?
Yamato: Yep. Oh, let me help you wash the dishes.
Tatsuko: Oh, it's fine, it's fine. This is my job, and all.
Yamato: Well, it's not like I have anything else to do.
Yamato: So let me help.
Tatsuko: ...Yamato-kun...
Tatsuko: You're so nice! *hug*
Yamato: Mmgh!
Tatsuko: If only my real little brother were as nice as you.
Ryuuhei: He's our captive, Tatsu. Of course he's gotta help out.
Ryuuhei: ...So then, maybe I'll go pick some fights.
Yamato: ...Does he always leave the house like he's going off to war?
Tatsuko: Ryuu's family, so I love him, but it's hard when he acts like that.
Tatsuko: Meanwhile, Yamato-kun, you're so cute. *lick*
Yamato: Uh...
*She licked my face like a beast would its lover.*
Tatsuko: Nmm... *lick, lick*...
*Before long, her tongue started to creep lower...*
Tatsuko: *kiss*... *kiss*... Mm.
*And she zealously kissed my lips.*
Tatsuko: Pwah. It was such a big surprise, wasn't it, finding out we would've been in the same year in school?
Yamato: Yeah... Though I was born in March, while you were in August.
Tatsuko: Good thing that still makes me the big sister.
Tatsuko: Nheh heh. Yamato-kun, you're so cute... Yamato-kun... *kiss* *kiss*
Tatsuko: I love every last bit of you... *kiss*... *kiss*
Yamato: ...I'm glad to hear it.
*I kissed her back.*
Tatsuko: Ah! Nfh... Yamato-kun, you're so cute. *kiss*...
*I'd modified my escape plan. I was going to get on the Itagaki's good side.*
Tatsuko: Amm... *kiss*... Mmm... *kiss*
*Then get them to share all sorts of things, starting with Maroudo.*
*If they were going to keep sending pictures of me to my friends to prove I was okay, I figured I could take my time.*
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun... Heh heh... I love you. *kiss*
*I will spy on their organization from within. This is my mission before I escape.*
*That night, Minamoto Tadakatsu and Usami Kyojin were patrolling the city.*
*They had already found another person collapsed on the ground, foaming at the mouth.*
Kyojin: ...We're spending so much time patrolling, yet the number of addicts keeps going up.
Kyojin: I hear they're moving to regulate it, but...
Tadakatsu: But we can't expect help from the adults.
Tadakatsu: This is our crisis. We have to do something about it ourselves!
Kyojin: That's a really passionate opinion you've got there. You must have really grown up, Tadakatsu.
Tadakatsu: I'm just pissed.
Tadakatsu: Pissed off at Maroudo, wherever the hell he is!
Kyojin: Ahh... Now that you mention him...
Kyojin: I've kept investigating, but I can find barely any information.
Kyojin: I've even asked some people in the mob about Utopia.
Tadakatsu: Because you're well known even in those circles, pops...
Kyojin: It seems that none of them are involved with what's going on here.
Tadakatsu: Mountains of drugs are being sold on their turf, and they're turnin' a blind eye?
Tadakatsu: They gotta be losin' money, not to mention face.
Kyojin: The biggest reason is that Utopia is a gateway drug.
Kyojin: The legality and ease of the drug belie how addictive it is.
Kyojin: The people who fall for this stuff wind up moving on to the fully illegal drugs.
Kyojin: So if anything, they're making even more money off of their illegal drugs.
Tadakatsu: So they're benefitin'... Then yeah, I guess they would tolerate it.
Kyojin: But still, that doesn't change the fact that someone's selling drugs on their turf.
Kyojin: I get the feeling they must have made arrangements to cover that loss of face.
Tadakatsu: Whoever they are has that much negotiatin' power?
Kyojin: Maroudo must be pretty shrewd, given he's the guy supervising the whole operation.
Tadakatsu: (And he's someone connected with the Kawakami Academy... Does anyone fit the bill?)
Kyojin: This is a pain. They're far and away more formidable than I thought.
Kyojin: At this rate, the drug'll just continue to spread.
*The two passed some young people. Their eyes looked vacant.*
*Users of Utopia, perhaps.*
Tadakatsu: ...The crime rate might be goin' up.
Kyojin: ...Yeah... The city's dying...
Tadakatsu: (At the end of the day, the organization sellin' Utopia's doin' whatever they want to us.)
Tadakatsu: (We're not wipin' them out. Just the opposite... Shit.)
*......*
*--The Itagaki residence.*
Angel: Ngah! The AI's a dirty, cheatin' fuck!
Yamato: You really do like games, huh.
Angel: Huh? Shut your trap, or I'll fuckin' kill you!
Yamato: If you like, I'll play co-op with you.
Angel: Oh, you any good, Yamato?
Yamato: I'm fairly decent at this one.
*I'd played it a bunch with Moro and the rest.*
Angel: ...Wah! Damn, you real good!
Angel: Tatsu, Ami, and Ryuu all suck at games, so I'd given up on ever havin' a co-op partner. Having you around's sweet!
Angel: Let's keep goin'! We got fucktons of games to play!
Yamato: I'm not skilled at every game.
Angel: I don't give a shit. Just don't weigh me down. Ain't like I'm best in the world either.
Yamato: Okay, got it. (I'm lucky building a friendship with her is so easy.)
*The eldest sister seemed shrewd...*
*But I didn't need to get this openly close to her.*
*And then, during dinner...*
Ami: I'm home, you bastards.
Angel: Fuck yeah! Welcome home, Ami!
Tatsuko: Zzz... Welcome home... Zzz...
Ryuuhei: Don't you have souvenirs or something? Tatsu can't cook when she's like that, so I'm starving.
Angel: Five minutes more, and we woulda gone out and started shakin' people down!
Yamato: ...That seems extreme.
Angel: It's like pickin' apples from a fuckin' trees.
Angel: Hey, Yamato, you could've made somethin' for us!
Yamato: Don't ask the impossible.
Ami: Then I guess my timing was perfect... Heh heh.
Ami: Today, I've brought some first-class sushi.
Angel: SUSHIIIII!
Angel: Awesome. Guess your 'pig' today was fat as shit.
Ryuuhei: No wonder you're the Queen. Even the level of tribute you receive is regal.
Angel: Best day ever! Let's hurry up and eat!
Ami: Ryuu. You haven't cleaned the table. Fix that.
Ryuuhei: Screw that. I'll just kick that stuff down on the floor.
Yamato: Ahhhh! Stop, I'll clean up!
Ryuuhei: Hahaha! Thanks, man.
Yamato: ...There, it's done.
Ryuuhei: Ami, is there any without wasabi?
Ami: A man of your size can't handle a little bit of spice?
Ryuuhei: Hey, Angel, eat all the wasabi off of this sushi.
Angel: Like hell I am. Go fuck yourself.
*Their manner of speech was... let's go with fantastic.*
Tatsuko: Zzz... Fwah... Ah.
Yamato: Hey, you're awake.
Tatsuko: Huh? You're all eating sushi?
Yamato: Grab some soon, or it'll all be gone.
Angel: This tastes great! Woohoo!
Tatsuko: Mmm, well, so long as A-chan's happy.
*Itagaki Tatsuko was always one to go at her own pace.*
Angel: *om nom nom* Yamato, playin' games with you was awesome, so you can have my lobster tail.
Yamato: Well, thank you.
Ami: Angel -- our Angel -- gave up her food?!
Ryuuhei: It can't be... She gave you food... Does she got a thing for you, too?
Yamato: All she gave me was a lobster tail...
Ami: Which, for her, is just that extraordinary. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: ...By the way, I've been wondering...
Yamato: Ami... san, do you work as a queen at an S&M club?
Ami: I do. I'm looking for the perfect masochist, but everyone I find is just an imitation.
Ryuuhei: It's amazing, some of the clients you get. Like high-ranking politicians and corporate bigwigs.
Yamato: What sort of things do you...?
Ami: By and large, nothing.
Ami: Masochists want torment, so I won't even give them that.
Ami: It drives them into a crazed agony. Heh heh heh.
Yamato: Your world's so dark, I can't understand...
*It was a big world out there.*
Ami: Well, Yamato, eat up. We don't want any leftovers.
Yamato: Thanks...
*I felt like the distance between me and the Itagaki Sisters was starting to shrink.*
*--Late that night.*
*We'd laid out the futons to prepare for bed.*
*There was one for Ami, Tatsuko, Angel, and Ryuuhei.*
*If I joined in, that would naturally put me next to Ryuuhei, but...*
Ryuuhei: I might do you without thinking. You okay with that?
Tatsuko: Of course he isn't.
Angel: Maroudo'll be pissed if his prisoner starts bleeding from his asshole.
Ami: Maybe we should change our sleeping order.
Ami: How about Ryuu, then me, Angel, Tatsu, and finally Yamato? No problems that way, right?
*And so that was how we slept.*
Tatsuko: I've come to play.
*But Tatsuko never could just leave me alone.*
*And our relationship was becoming more and more physical.*
Tatsuko: Mm... m-ah... *kiss, lick* nngh.
Yamato: ...Mm... *kiss, lick* mm.
*Our tongues always wound up seeking each other.*
Tatsuko: *kiss* *kiss* *gasp*... Ohh, this feels so good.
Tatsuko: Kiss me again. Mmm... *kiss*...
Yamato: Nmm, nn...
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun, you should live here forever... *kiss* Nmmmf... *kiss* *kiss, slurp*...
*Tatsuko's tongue entered into my mouth and thoroughly licked every inch of it.*
Tatsuko: Mn... *kiss, kiss, slurp,* huff, huff...
Tatsuko: Your body's warmed up, huh... *slurp*... *kiss*
Tatsuko: Hey, Yamato-kun, stick out your tongue.
Yamato: ...Okay.
Tatsuko: Eh heh heh... Ahmph... *kiss, peck, smack*...
Tatsuko: Mmm... I'm so happy. I've never been interested in a boy before, but... I'm...
Tatsuko: Eheh... I guess it really was love at first sight...
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun
*...I wanted to keep doing this, to keep building up trust, and use that to gather information, but...*
Yamato: Umm.
Tatsuko: Ah, mm... *kiss*... Nfh... *swallow, swallow*... *gulp*
Yamato: By the way.
Tatsuko: Mn, mm... Mnf... *slurp, smack, smack, smack*...
*That was some ample loving she was giving me.*
*--At the secret base.*
Kazuko: Zzz...
Chris: Miyako, how are your wounds?
Miyako: They're still pretty bad... The doctor said it's another ten days until I'm fully healed.
Chris: I see. I still have another week left to recuperate. This is taking so long...
Miyako: ...You also thought you'd recover faster?
Chris: It just means the wounds we each received were that deep.
Miyako: So are the wounds on our hearts.
Momoyo: ...You said it. I'm happy to get all these texts showing Yamato's all right, but...
Miyako: But why the hell do they keep getting more and more extreme?!
Miyako: This time, that mysterious Itagaki Tatsuko is licking Yamato's nipple.
Miyako: That protrusion is there for me, not her! How dare she?!
Matsukaze: I can't believe neither me nor my girl Mayucchi've caught wind of him when we been searchin' for so long.
Yukie: Yamato-san, wherever could you be?
Momoyo: It'd be nice if we could get some specifics from the picture, but... I've got nothing.
Takuya: What about you, Momo-senpai? Have you found Shakadou?
Momoyo: The Kawakami Temple's found someone who looks like him.
Momoyo: ...But there's still no way to know for sure.
Takuya: I see. That must be really frustrating.
Chris: Minamoto-dono, have you or Capt found out any information regarding the drug?
Tadakatsu: ...Right now, we're hearin' the enemy's expandin' sales up north, in places like Mizunokuchi and Takatsu.
Chris: Then the scale of their operation is growing?
Yukie: Kawakami does stretch a long ways to the north and south...
Matsukaze: And ain't the capital, Tokyo, just a bit farther up?!
Tadakatsu: I feel like they're predictin' where we're gonna look next and make sure they're never there.
Tadakatsu: Furthermore, they've got this gatherin' comin' up. They're callin' it the 'Carnival'.
Tadakatsu: What that is, we don't got a clue.
Chris: Hmm...
Takuya: For now, let's at least put together the information we have as best we can.
Kazuko: Zzz...: okay, dognap complete!
Kazuko: So then, want me to go back to patrolling somewhere?
Tadakatsu: Ahh... You're always a bundle of energy.
Kazuko: Of course I am! If you don't feel like a winner, then you've already lost!
Kazuko: Usually, right about now is when Capt comes in and figures something out.
Miyako: Well, you are right.
Momoyo: And speak of the devil.
Shouichi: ...Wassup.
Yukie: H-He's completely out of it.
Shouichi: ...Truth is, Gakuto's mom called out to me.
Shouichi: And then this happened. Guys, brace yourselves.
Mrs. Shimazu: So you see, the owner of the abandoned building in Fukuoka's made up his mind.
Shouichi: ...Holy...
Mrs. Shimazu: All these years, no one's really cared...
Mrs. Shimazu: But someone didn't like what looked like miscreants causing trouble in their backyard.
Shouichi: So someone filed a complaint...?
Mrs. Shimazu: Yes. And we can't oppose the owner's decision.
Mrs. Shimazu: Which means...
Mrs. Shimazu: They're going to knock down the building where you guys hang out.
Miyako: --Huh?
Takuya: They're... What? They're knocking this place down?
Shouichi: ...They got us good...
Shouichi: They're taking out our base, legally and literally.
Kazuko: Umm... So they're going to destroy our base?
Shouichi: Yeah. And pretty soon, too.
Yukie: Oh, no. And this place means so much to us...
Chris: ...It is going to be demolished...?
Chris: It took so long for me to understand its comfort, and now...
Miyako: ...Is this also Maroudo's work?
Tadakatsu: Given the timing, damn right it is.
Tadakatsu: He's tryin' to crush us to a pulp...
Kazuko: ...But... Aren't the nine of us, together, invincible?
Kazuko: Isn't there nothing we can't do?
Kazuko: So why... Why would this time be any...
Kazuko: C-Capt?
Shouichi: ......
*--Meanwhile, at the Itagaki residence.*
Ryuuhei: Hahahaha, oh, it's gonna be fun...
Angel: Oh? Where'd that come from, Ryuu?
Ryuuhei: The Carnival's been set for August 8th!
Angel: Whoa! Nice!
Ami: It will be the greatest night of festivities.
Ryuuhei: Yamato, you'll be watching from the box seats.
Yamato: ...The more I hear, the worse I feel about it.
Yamato: ...What sort of event is this 'Carnival'?
Ryuuhei: It's a big gathering sponsored by Maroudo. He's even bringing in outlaws from the neighboring prefectures.
Ryuuhei: And there's gonna be a free supply of Utopia.
Yamato: There's what?!
*I wondered if it's a publicity stunt for Utopia.*
*But I was a fool to think so.*
Ryuuhei: Then, once everyone's feeling nice and good...
Ryuuhei: We'll make the whole city into a zone of lawless chaos!
Yamato: What?
Ryuuhei: The drugs'll wipe out their superegos, leaving only their ids! They'll do whatever they want, however they want!
Ryuuhei: There'll be destruction, rape, theft... Hahaha! It'll be returned to the primeval form mankind was meant to have!
Ryuuhei: The common man will be forced to flee from raging beasts. It'll leave a mark on history.
Yamato: ...But what's the point of it all?
Ryuuhei: Simple, I get to have fun!
Yamato: (Damn you!)
Ami: I don't know if a good little boy like you would understand...
Ami: But there are those who would experience pure bliss if chaos overtook the world.
Ami: And I'm one of them. Heh heh heh.
Angel: Me too, but whatev'... Time to riot! Yahoo!
Yamato: You're simple, that's for sure... By the way, mind if I ask something?
Yamato: None of you are on Utopia, right?
Ami: Of course not.
Tatsuko: Nope. It'd ruin my body.
Angel: I might do stimulants, but I ain't doin' Utopia.
Ryuuhei: I've never much cared about getting rich or any of that.
Ryuuhei: Honestly, I couldn't care less about Utopia.
Ryuuhei: I just wanna wreck shit while the world burns.
Yamato: ...You sisters -- or should I say, you siblings -- are just four of a kind.
Tatsuko: We're a family. Of course we're close.
Yamato: And what about strangers?
Angel: I absolutely, positively, 100% don't give a shit what happens to them.
Ami: Really, it's their fault for buying drugs in the first place. They brought it on themselves.
Yamato: I-I see.
Yamato: ...I know this is a really basic question, but what about your parents?
Angel: Oh, those bastards who stuck me with this shit name?
Ryuuhei: After seeing how bad the rest of us are, our parents wanted at least their youngest to be like an angel.
Ami: Our parents? Right, they did 'disappear'.
Ryuuhei: 'Bout now, maybe they've been reborn as dust mites.
*He said, and the rest of the Itagaki corps answered with a burst of laughter.*
*I'd gotten so close to them that I'd almost let myself forget...*
*That they were bracingly evil.*
*I had to stop the Carnival, no matter what.*
*If I could just take out Maroudo, their supplier...*
*...I had to figure out who he was, fast.*
*'Only one week remained until the Carnival.'*
*Either I stopped them, or the whole city would plunge into chaos.*
*A cloud of darkness had descended on Kawakami City.*
*--At the Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: Ugh, ugh... Oh, it hurts so much...
Kazuko: Then unlock Onee-sama's powers already, Grampa.
Tesshin: ...I cannot do that. This is what it means to draw a line.
Tesshin: I will free her immediately if we determine Shakadou to be the culprit. *Cough, Cough*
Kazuko: I just hope we find him soon.
*......*
*Lu Yi and Gyoubu Shakadou.*
*The two were the light and darkness of the Kawakami Temple.*
*--Kokumon Island, Okinawa Prefecture.*
*An isolated island where the gods were said to dwell.*
*Where, through the sea far to the east, was said to be a passage to Nirai Kanai.*
*It was there that Gyoubu Shakadou was born.*
*His mother had been told that she was pregnant with a girl.*
*However, she'd given birth to twins.*
*And one of them was a boy.*
*The girl was sadly stillborn.*
*How in the world did the boy slip in there?*
*His mother went into labor on the easternmost beach, the one closest to Nirai Kanai. People believed he came from the spirit realm.*
*He could walk just two days after birth.*
*The people feared him.*
*They'd ask him, 'Where did you come from?'*
*'He just appeared in his mother's womb. Who knows what kind of creature he is.'*
*His strange powers further isolated him.*
*As he grew older, those powers became the subject of rumor.*
Tesshin: Kid, aren't you the human typhoon that keeps wreaking havoc in Okinawa?
Shakadou: You're calling me 'kid'? ...Old man, who the hell're you?
Tesshin: Someone who thought he'd show the frog in the well some pain.
Shakadou: If y'can, I'd owe y'one.
Shakadou: ...I ain't never lost.
Shakadou: When you're this strong, life's kinda empty.
Shakadou: No one gets me, not even me.
Tesshin: I understand painfully well the loneliness that strength brings.
Tesshin: So I shall teach you what it feels like to lose.
Tesshin: Then you will come with me to the Kawakami Temple.
Tesshin: It is a martial arts school. You won't be bored.
Shakadou: Sounds like a great plan, but it doesn't matter.
Shakadou: I ain't plannin' on losin' to an old man.
Tesshin: Let us put you to the test. Fight me.
Shakadou: I ain't holdin' back.
Tesshin: Let's go.
Tesshin:  Third Manifestation: Bishamonten!
*A giant foot came crashing out from the sky and stomped on Shakadou.*
*The attack took only a millisecond. He had no time to dodge.*
Shakadou: ...*cough* ...Gah?! Y-You hurt me?!
Tesshin: Oh, so you're alive. Impressive.
Shakadou: D-Damn you... *cough* *cough*
Tesshin: Do you understand your place now, frog in the well?
Shakadou: .....Guh, heh heh... Me, a frog?
Tesshin: Come to Kawakami.
Tesshin: There you will find people stronger than you.
Shakadou: Hahaha, hahaha, gah, hahaha!
Shakadou: Nice, that sounds great. I can't wait!
*The man who had been called a monster roared with joyous laughter.*
*Thus was Shakadou brought to the Kawakami Temple.*
*As for Lu Yi...*
*Strength did not run in his blood.*
*He was a normal man who had clawed his way to the top through pure determination.*
*He unquestionably possessed talent, but what really mattered was his determination.*
*He failed the assistant master test over and over again, yet refused to give up until he finally passed.*
*Shakadou passed the exam on his first attempt.*
*Put simply, the two assistant masters had very different views on life.*
Lu: Shakadou! You lack kindness!
Shakadou: Power is all that matters. That's what makes up the world.
Lu: We are in a position to teach others.
Shakadou: And I'm teachin' them what really counts.
Shakadou: The joy of battle!
Lu: That belief of yours goes against the teachings of the Kawakami Temple!
Shakadou: Yeah, I admit it! But your gentle fists ain't worth nothin'!
Shakadou: Truth is, you're a little weak for the Kawakami Temple!
Lu: I will not deny it...
Shakadou: Now's the time t'go back t'square one, recognize strength's supreme, 'n preserve the purity of that strength.
Lu: I agree that maintaining the purity of our strength is important...
Lu: However, we must also convey to our disciples the heart of a warrior.
Tesshin: That is enough, both of you.
Tesshin: Shakadou, your tenacious desire to be ever stronger is wonderful.
Tesshin: However, strength alone will leave behind nothing, it is empty.
Shakadou: I figure that's what it means t'aim t'be the strongest.
Tesshin: This is risky... However.
Tesshin: For the Kawakami Temple to persist, we need your strength...
Tesshin: I would like you two to come to an accord.
Shakadou: ......
Monk: I support Assistant Master Lu's way of thinking!
Monk: We are people, not animals!
*Most everyone in the Kawakami Temple supported Lu.*
Shakadou: ...Tch.
*However...*
Momoyo: Assistant Master!
Momoyo: Train me!
Shakadou: ...Haha.
Shakadou: Then let's train!
Momoyo: Yeah!
*Momoyo alone supported Shakadou.*
*He hadn't brainwashed her or anything.*
*Momoyo had simply caught scent of his beastly fighting spirit.*
*The two of them didn't speak much, but instead focused dispassionately on their training.*
*But that was nothing more or less than what they sought.*
Momoyo: Assistant Master, fighting's fun, isn't it?
Momoyo: It's fun to beat up your enemies...
Momoyo: I could never stop feeling this way.
Shakadou: (She's a little crazed too.)
Shakadou: (But I ain't gonna tell her she's wrong.)
Shakadou: (This's who she is.)
Shakadou: ('n I ain't much different.)
*Only a beast could save a beast.*
*Yet someday, those beasts would surely hunt each other.*
*When that time came, neither of them would react sentimentally.*
*They would simply fight as their instincts -- their urges -- demanded.*
*--Some time later.*
Tesshin: We will now commence this duel between two assistant masters of Kawakami Temple.
Lu: Should we prioritize training the spirit?
Shakadou: Or focus on refinin' our strength?
Lu: Are my teachings right?
Shakadou: Or are my teachin's right?
Lu: Let our fists determine the answer!
Shakadou: I'm proud of ya, Lu. Y'actually answered my challenge.
Lu: We are warriors. Our fists talk better than our mouths ever could.
Shakadou: Hell, if we're sidin' with the winner's mindset, then you're good as affirmin' my view. Strength makes all the difference.
Lu: You are strong, yes...
Lu: But is strength alone enough to defeat me?
Shakadou: Damn right it is. I've won nine times outta ten'n during our trainin'.
Lu: A sparring match is not a real battle.
Lu: The willow bends, but it does not break... I will not lose!
Shakadou: Sounds fun. Let's do this!
*And so began their epic conflict.*
*Assistant Master Lu was tremendously powerful.*
*And yet...*
Lu: Gwahh!
Shakadou: See? I win.
Shakadou: I gotta say, we're made of different stuff.
Lu: ...Heh heh... I-I'm not through yet.
Lu: This is the one technique I would have rather not used...
Lu: But I will do anything to win, so use it I shall!
Shakadou: Why'd y'take out a flask of alcohol?
Lu: ...*gulp* *gulp*
Lu: Weeee... *hic*
Shakadou: Huh... What? Y'resignin' the match?
Lu: The more I drink, the stronger I get... This is my secret weapon.
Shakadou: Y'makin' a fool out of me?!
Lu: Whoa there.
Shakadou: You little...
Lu: *guzzling*
Shakadou: I can't hit you...?!
Lu: Flowing like water, the gentle fist! Can someone as rigid as you even comprehend such tricky moves?
Shakadou: Damn you...
Lu: *Hic!* (He kicked.)
Shakadou: Ugh?!
Shakadou: Y-You bastard!
Lu: The more aggressive you get, the further you fall into my trap. *gulp, gulp*
Shakadou: Quit babblin'!
Lu: Seyaaahhhhh!!!
Shakadou: Gwah! Where'd that attack come from?!
Lu: *hic*...
Shakadou: Damn you!
*In the end, Shakadou's emotions got the better of him and he lost the battle.*
*And with that, Shakadou vanished to parts unknown.*
*And was considered banished from the temple.*
Lu: Shakadou... If you are somewhere in this town...
Lu: ...Then I swear I will find you!
Lu: And then you will be purged by the Kawakami Temple.
*And so Utopia gave rise to even greater turmoil.*
*--Kawakami, Large Factory Area.*
Tatsuko: Heh heh. I'm such a good worker, you must barely recognize me.
Yamato: 'Working'? Aren't you here on guard duty?
Tatsuko: That's a fine and upstanding job! Even if it is boring.
Tatsuko: Sometimes, I fall asleep on my feet.
Yamato: You really do like to sleep, don't you?
Tatsuko: Yep. I love it. I always thought that someday, when I have a bike, I'd use 2222 (Zzzz) as my lock combination.
Yamato: I get it... I assume your pillow at home is custom-ordered?
Tatsuko: Nah. As long as I can sleep, that's good enough.
*She was certainly true to her desires. They all were.*
Ami: Yamato, we're training with Master today, so we're all heading out.
Tatsuko: If you come along, you can sleep out there.
Yamato: Okay, all right.
Angel: He ain't you, Tatsu. He ain't gonna sleep whenever, wherever.
*Hahaha, laughed the three sisters idly.*
*I laughed along with them.*
*But in my heart, I was sharpening my claws.*
Yamato: (So then, let's start the mission.)
*I'd gotten close to them, and now they weren't watching over me as closely.*
*I still couldn't go outside by myself, but...*
*No one cared what I did inside.*
Yamato: (First, I need to make contact with my friends...)
*I wouldn't waste the week I had to spend in observation.*
*Itagaki Ami was usually the one carrying my cell phone.*
*She kept putting it in places I can see. Almost as if she were daring me to call someone.*
*She might have an alarm on it like the ones I'd seen at museums, the ones that go off if any fool touches it.*
*It was too obvious. It reeked of a trap.*
*So I decided instead to not even touch my own phone.*
*--But any of the Itagaki's phones was fair game.*
*Which made Itagaki Tatsuko's my target.*
*She carried a phone with her, but barely used it.*
*I could probably get away with borrowing it for a short while.*
*Early that morning, I'd swiped it from her clothes.*
*And today they had training with Shakadou. Meaning we were heading out.*
*While we were there, I'd text a message to my friends.*
*I'd send it to Moro. He was the safest choice.*
*Him I could trust at moments like this to keep his cool and not act rashly.*
Angel: Thanks for trainin' us again today!
Tatsuko: Tha... nks... Zzzz...
Ami: Thank you! And Tatsu, wake up!
Yamato: (Okay, now's my chance.)
*Thank goodness her guard was as lax as it had been. However, I'd need her password to unlock her phone.*
*But once I input 2222 (Zzzz), the phone immediately accepted it.*
*All right, message sent. I just had to erase the evidence... done.*
Yamato: Now, it's time to start the counterattack.
*--At the secret base.*
*Everyone had been called here for an emergency meeting.*
Shouichi: So what I'm seeing here is, our Tactician's finally sent us the battle plans.
Chris: Did not the message come from an unknown phone?
Chris: Could someone simply be pretending to be Yamato?
Shouichi: The subject says, 'this is Death's ambassador'.
Kazuko: Yep. That's 100% Yamato.
Momoyo: There's no doubt about it... Sheesh, why's my little bro gotta be such an embarrassment?
Takuya: When we were kids, whenever we played superheroes and stuff, Yamato would always take that role.
Chris: I see. So it is something akin to a code name.
Shouichi: Who would've thought it'd come in handy like this?
Tadakatsu: ...I get what he's sayin'.
Tadakatsu: Lucky or not, we got a spy wedged in the enemy base.
Miyako: And he'll be able to identify Maroudo... Mmm.
Shouichi: All we gotta do is ID Maroudo and take him out. Then their supply source will be down and this war'll be over.
Yukie: Yes, the only way to reverse our losses is to go straight for the enemy general's head!
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu's got it exactly right.
Tadakatsu: But still, this 'Carnival' thing's really screwed up.
Chris: Agreed. What sort of fool would incite a large-scale riot? We must stop them!
Takuya: If they succeed, we lose.
Yukie: Should we inform the police about the Carnival?
Tadakatsu: Eh, punks and gangsters from the next few towns over are comin' by the truckload. The police should've caught wind of something.
Tadakatsu: ...But they ain't gonna believe they're plannin' something this insane, this awful. They won't believe us.
Yukie: They must expect nothing more than a large gathering.
Matsukaze: While instead, the entire city's in danger.
Shouichi: We oughta still give them all the info we can. And the same goes for the school.
Miyako: Yamato's in Kawakami Shinmachi, right?
Tadakatsu: Here it is on the map. It's all reclaimed land.
Yukie: The heavy industrial area... We didn't search there.
Matsukaze: Me and my girl Mayucchi just kept headin' farther and farther north.
Tadakatsu: It's a neighborhood covered in smog. There's literally smoke everywhere.
Miyako: But thank goodness he's all right.
Shouichi: And next up, looking at the orders he gave us...
Momoyo: He said he'll be gathering information before escaping on his own, so he doesn't want us riling things up with a 'rescue squad'?
Chris: A raid would be meaningless if we were unable to do anything about Maroudo.
Tadakatsu: At any rate, there's one thing for us to do.
Tadakatsu: We're supposed to print out a summary of all the information we got and bring it to a certain spot come nightfall.
Yukie: It's a good thing we kept investigating Maroudo.
Chris: By combining our information with what Yamato knows about the enemy, perhaps we truly can ascertain his identity.
Miyako: Though he did name Moro to bring the info.
Momoyo: That's because his ki is completely normal. He'll slip past anyone scanning for martial artists.
Shouichi: And Gen-san and I did a ton of legwork.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. There's a chance they might have people out there watchin' for you and me.
Takuya: I guess even being normal can be useful.
Takuya: I'll do my best do deliver the documents!
Takuya: It's a job to be proud of.
Momoyo: We'll do as much as we can to keep you safe.
Yukie: We'll go with you as far as the entrance to the neighborhood!
Matsukaze: Anything happens, gallop back here!
Takuya: Thank you. I'm glad to know you'll be close.
Takuya: ...All right, let's go!
*--That evening, Kawakami Shinmachi.*
Tatsuko: Ah. I'm so tired.
Ami: He's always so strict.
Angel: But it's fun!
*I followed behind the sisters as they walked unsteadily home.*
*Even weak as they were, if I ran, they would surely catch me in no time.*
*I halted.*
Angel: What's wrong? We goin' home, Yamato.
Yamato: ...The way the factory shines in the light of the setting sun through the haze of smoke, it's so...
Yamato: ...Beautiful...
Angel: Hey, hey, you talkin' to people who're sick of seein' that.
Ami: Well, it does have a certain impact.
Tatsuko: Let's go, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: Let me keep watching a bit longer.
Angel: Argh. Fine, do whatever shit you want. We goin' home.
Tatsuko: Head on back once you've seen enough.
Ami: I've marked your aura, Yamato.
Ami: If you head any way but home, I'll come after you.
Yamato: Okay.
Ami: That's an astonishingly obedient reply.
Angel: He like a little puppy.
Tatsuko: You're so cute.
*Their words chorused as they set off to their nearby home.*
*Ryuuhei wouldn't be back until tomorrow night.*
Takuya: ...Hey!
Yamato: That went well, if I do say so myself... Long time no see.
*I turned towards the documents Moro had brought me.*
Takuya: You look well.
Yamato: I'm getting along with them, so they've kept me fed.
*I scrolled my eyes through them.*
Yamato: ...Okay, okay, I see... Good work finding all of this out.
Yamato: This is amazing, seriously. I've all but figured out who it is.
Takuya: That's great.
Yamato: Thank you. I've memorized the whole thing.
*I tore the paper up into tiny pieces.*
Takuya: Are you sure we should just throw it away?
Yamato: We can't risk anyone finding it. All right, here's where we part ways.
Takuya: So you're going back after all.
Yamato: If I tried to run, they'd know immediately. Thank you, Moro.
Yamato: Also, be sure to tell the Kawakami Temple that Shakadou-san's really here.
Takuya: Yeah, I won't forget. Who would've thought he'd be our enemies' master?
Yamato: You wrote that they sealed Nee-san's power, but this should be enough for them to free her.
Takuya: ...Right!
Yamato: Well then. If I don't get going, they'll come looking for me...
Takuya: One last thing -- tell me where they're holding you.
Yamato: I can't answer that. Besides, I was the one who got kidnapped. I'll find my own way out.
Yamato: You guys focus your energy on everything else.
Takuya: Huh? There's no need to hold back, just tell me.
Yamato: If I told you, I know everyone would come. And it's nice knowing I can rely on you, but...
Yamato: If they assault the place, there's one person in there who'll do who-knows-what to me.
Takuya: O-Oh.
Yamato: Besides, I don't just want to be saved. There's too much information to gather from within.
Yamato: I'll act when the time is ripe.
Takuya: ...Okay. I understand.
Yamato: Return in three days. My only goal is to make amends for my mistake!
*I gallantly strode deeper into the neighborhood.*
Takuya: Yamato, I've... got this weird feeling right now.
Takuya: When I see you walk away, I feel like... Like I'm never going to see you again.
Takuya: ...No, I really should know at least what house he's in!
Takuya: I don't have to tell the others. It'll just be insurance in case worst comes to worst.
*And so Takuya started trailing Yamato.*
Takuya: ...I-I'm starting to feel a little nervous... I want to go to the bathroom.
Takuya: What if the enemy suddenly jumped out at me?
Takuya: ...Huff, huff... Oooh...
Takuya: I have to stay strong. I have to keep following him.
Takuya: Knowing where they are has to be the right choice.
Takuya: Once I know that.
Miyako: Wow.
Miyako: Moro, you're amazing. Clap, clap.
Takuya: ...Miyako.
Takuya: I can do this.
*After another five minutes of walking, they arrived at the house.*
Takuya: So that's the house where they're keeping Yamato...
*All that remained was to make his retreat.*
Takuya: All right. I know the route!
*He trembled with joy at his accomplishment.*
Takuya: I might not be much, but I did it!
Takuya: I just hope this information makes all the difference!
Takuya: I'm almost to the town exit...
Shakadou: Oh, y'bad boy.
Takuya: Wah?!
*He'd been just one step away.*
Shakadou: I saw t'whole thing... y'ain't done good.
Takuya: Y-You followed me?
*Shakadou grinned.*
Takuya: (It looks like he didn't see me and Yamato conversing...)
Shakadou: Havin' the final battle before the Carnival would ruin the fun.
*Takuya couldn't imagine a worse person to be faced with.*
Shakadou: And what's the point of a festival if y'ain't havin' fun, right?
Takuya: (I can feel his power in the air... This must be the guy Yamato said was really here.)
Takuya: ...You're Shakadou, aren't you?
Shakadou: Bingo. Gyoubu Shakadou. Nice t'meet ya, kid.
Takuya: I thought so. You're the one who set the trap for Momo-senpai!
Shakadou: Right again. I don't gotta keep any secrets from you.
Takuya: ...Because you're not going to let me go home in one piece?
Shakadou: This sounds like fairy tale. A kid gatherin' chestnuts in the mountains, finding bigger ones the deeper he went, all the way to the monster's den.
*He idly edged closer.*
Takuya: Huh...? M-My legs are shaking...?
*He froze with intimidation before the warrior.*
Shakadou: Y'shouldn't have gotten in so deep.
Takuya: Kh...
*Shakadou slowly stretched out his hand towards Takuya.*
Momoyo: I'm pretty sure there was a little more to that old story.
Shakadou: ......!!!
Momoyo: The kid ran out of the monster's house. He was saved by a priest from the temple, who slew the monster.
Takuya: Momo-senpai, weren't you supposed to be waiting at the entrance?
Momoyo: You were late getting back. Figured I'd check on you.
Momoyo: With Yamato out there too, I couldn't stand by and do nothing.
Momoyo: And now look what we have here. We caught ourselves one big fish.
Shakadou: ...Momoyo. So now's when we meet again, eh? Funny how that works.
Momoyo: It has been a long time, Assistant Master.
Momoyo: Or rather... Former Assistant Master.
Shakadou: ... Heh heh. How's that Wyrmseal treatin' you?
Momoyo: It's absolutely awful. I hate having my power held back.
Shakadou: Hee hee... Well, guess I got two kids t'mop up instead of one.
Momoyo: --!
Momoyo: Why would someone of your level assist a bunch of lame drug peddlers?
Shakadou: ...'Cause I took a likin' to their boss-man.
Momoyo: You mean Maroudo?
Shakadou: He's got so much talent... And so much loathin' for the real world...
Shakadou: I got this thing with him. What's it called, empathy?
Shakadou: He's just sellin' drugs right now, but Maroudo's capable of so much worse.
Momoyo: He sure must be something.
Shakadou: ...Lemme ask one more thing, Momoyo.
Momoyo: ...What?
Shakadou: You sure you don't want to be with me?
Momoyo: ...Heh.
Momoyo: I'm not into old fogies, Shakadou-san.
Shakadou: Not like that... I'm askin' if y'want to join me on the road t'Hell.
Momoyo: ......?
Shakadou: I know you're fed up with the pure teachings of the Kawakami Temple, Momoyo.
Shakadou: All y'want is t'fight. That's what we beasts hunger for.
Shakadou: But the Temple just orders us t'wait for our treat like loyal dogs.
Momoyo: ...Yeah, I suppose they do.
Shakadou: Is that enough for you? It ain't, is it? People like us, we lust for battle!
Shakadou: So come with me'n live your heart out in the underworld.
Shakadou: There, y'can kill as much as y'want... It's fun.
Momoyo: ......
Shakadou: Me? I can unseal you'n a way that gets both you and your grandpa your strength back.
Momoyo: Really?
Shakadou: There was a time when it looked like they were gonna use that technique on me.
Shakadou: So of course I worked out a countermeasure.
Momoyo: ...Shakadou-san... You truly are a prodigy.
Shakadou: Same goes for ya, Momoyo. That's why I'm recruitin' you.
Shakadou: Come t'the dark side, Momoyo. Ain't no place for you in the light.
Shakadou: If y'don't change, you'll be crushed by the loneliness your strength brings you.
Shakadou: A girl of the night needs someone else of the night who understands her, Momoyo.
Momoyo: ...My heart leaps at the thought of being able to live as I please.
Shakadou: Hee hee. Then join us. The grass's greener over here. And we have cookies.
Momoyo: But all the same, I refuse.
Shakadou: ...Huh?
Momoyo: The little girl I used to be might have done whatever you asked...
Momoyo: But now there's people in my life who'd be sad if I did.
Takuya: We really would. So stop trying to turn her.
Momoyo: See? And if he gets sad, then I'd have to start moping, and that's no fun.
Momoyo: So I'll stay the way I am.
Shakadou: ...Hmm?
Momoyo: I can't deny the bitterness and loneliness of life as a warrior, but even so.
Shakadou: ...Well there's a shocker.
Momoyo: Besides, Shakadou-san.
Shakadou: Huh?
Momoyo: Just giving in to your most violent emotions like that? It seems kind of weak, if you ask me.
Shakadou: ...I see, I see. I think I get y'now, Momoyo.
Shakadou: Y'ain't joinin' the darkness or the light... You're stickin' in between.
Momoyo: Heh. I prefer to call it being broad-minded.
Shakadou: In the past, you stank of darkness. I loved it.
Momoyo: I like the way I am now, with the stench of humanity on me.
Shakadou: ...Ayah, I guess I've got no choice...
Shakadou: Let's go. You'd better be ready!
Momoyo: ...Come!
Shakadou: Hahah! Right now, your power's in the pits!
Shakadou: Y'probably won't even be able t'see this comin'!
*His leg snaked through the air and struck Momoyo's arm.*
Momoyo: ...Guh?! Did it break?
Shakadou: First, an arm bone! Next, a rib!
*Though her reactions were still slow, she remembered Shakadou's habits well enough to dodge.*
Shakadou: Nice goin'. I'm proud of ya, my former student!
Momoyo: I can't even heal... It's rough, fighting like this.
Momoyo: (But now I have proof that Shakadou-san's here. Once I tell Gramps, he'll free me.)
Momoyo: (I just have to figure a way out of this mess first...)
Momoyo: ...You know, you got me. I'm actually enjoying this.
Shakadou: It's because we live t'fight.
Shakadou: I won't show mercy. Let's do this! Ring!
Momoyo: The energy blast... An Ultimate, already?!
Shakadou: The way y'are right now, y'got no way t'deal with this!
Momoyo: Tch. I can't dodge it...
Momoyo: Wahhhhhhh!
Takuya: M-Momo-senpai!
Yukie: That explosion! It was from a ki attack!
Matsukaze: Yo, Mayucchi, that's gotta mean Senpai's in a battle!
Yukie: All right. Then let's cut our way in and save her!
Shakadou: ...That was one mighty explosion. Might've overdone that a bit. People're gonna come lookin' now.
Shakadou: Gonna have to finish you off, then get outta here.
Takuya: You'll kill her?!
*Takuya stood in front of the cloud of smoke, barring Shakadou's way.*
Shakadou: Huh? What're y'doin'? You're in the way.
Takuya: S-Stop, please!
Shakadou: Hahah. You sure got balls!
Shakadou: But I ain't stoppin'.
*He shoved Takuya out of the way and moved towards the heart of the blast.*
Takuya: I told you to stop!
Shakadou: ...Huh?
*Takuya desperately clung to Shakadou.*
Takuya: The battle's over, right?
Shakadou: Move it.
Takuya: Ugh!
*Shakadou had bent the arm Takuya was hanging on with at a weird angle.*
Takuya: I-I'm not going--!
Shakadou: You're a stubborn little kid... Hmph.
*He struck him again. The sound was the sort that gives grown men chills.*
Shakadou: Huh... It feels like one helluva presence's comin' this way.
Shakadou: Good money says it's that Missy with the sword.
Shakadou: Y'gotta be kiddin' me. She's supposed t'be my prey durin' the Carnival! ...Time to pull out!
Takuya: Ugh?!
*With a chop of his hand, he knocked Takuya unconscious.*
Shakadou: ...Momoyo, even if I don't finish y'off, you ain't gettin' up from that one.
Shakadou: I'm outta here!
*Shakadou vanished, carrying Takuya's slumped body with him.*
*Then Yukie came running in, as if to fill the spot he'd vacated.*
Yukie: ...A huge presence just vanished?!
Yukie: Momo-senpai?!
Matsukaze: W-Wah... You took a direct hit from an energy blast? Damn, girl!
*Momoyo lay on the ground, battered and broken.*
Yukie: Momo-senpai... Oh my goodness...
Momoyo: H... Hey, Mayu-Mayu.
Yukie: Senpai! You're conscious?
Momoyo: He took... Gah... Mororo, too...
Yukie: Please don't talk! I'll take you to the Kawakami Temple right away!
Momoyo: *cough*... Don't worry about me... Get Mororo!
Yukie: I can't do that. Look at yourself. You need help!
Matsukaze: I almost thought you were a corpse!
Yukie: I have to prioritize you! First, to the Temple!
Matsukaze: We gonna take care of Morocchi later, I swear it.
Momoyo: ...Mororo...
*Mororo stood his ground long enough that Shakadou couldn't finish Momoyo off.*
*She had come to save him, but he wound up saving her.*
*All because Momoyo had let her pride get the best of her.*
Momoyo: Ugh... I'm so pathetic... What kinda goddess of war am I...?
*Momoyo could feel her consciousness drifting away.*
Yukie: Heave-ho!
Matsukaze: Kawakami Temple -- GO!
*--The Itagaki residence.*
Tatsuko: Huh? Was that an explosion?
Ami: Probably happened at some factory.
Tatsuko: Wouldn't that be dangerous?
Yamato: It certainly would. Some deadly smoke might waft this way.
Ami: Well, even if that happened, you're our guest. We'd keep you safe.
Ami: Angel, go take a look. And try to be careful.
Angel: Okiee-dokie!
Yamato: (That explosion... It couldn't have been my friends, could it?)
Yamato: (No, there's no use thinking about it. More importantly...)
*I kicked my brain into top gear.*
Ami: Depending on what happened, we might get orders from Maroudo.
Tatsuko: We'll have to wait until nightfall.
Ami: It's already August.
Tatsuko: Oh yeah. Then maybe we won't have to wait long.
Tatsuko: What's wrong, Yamato-kun? Are you thinking about something?
Yamato: (!)
*Yes, just being here meant I'd be inundated with hints.*
Yamato: (But I have to get them to tell me more...)
Angel: I'm back. And I brought a souvenir.
Ami: A souvenir? What is it?
Angel: Look.
*She threw a body into the room. It landed with a thump.*
Ami: Who's this guy? He's all beat up, and we can't keep humans as pets.
Angel: It seems he snoopin' around, lookin' for us.
Angel: Master took care of him, so he said to do whatever we want.
Yamato: ...?
Yamato: MORO!
*He was unconscious, and badly hurt.*
Yamato: (How could you do this to someone who can't fight back?!)
Ami: Oh, a friend of yours? Then their search area's finally made it this far.
Angel: What do we do? Master said we can't send him home till after the Carnival.
*At least it sounded like they didn't know I'd called him here.*
*They assumed he'd just come sniffing around.*
Angel: ...Huh? I feel like I seen his mug somewhere.
*She grabbed a tuft of hair, yanked his head up, and peered at his face.*
Angel: Oh, I remember.
Angel: He's one of those guys. I bump into him at the arcade.
Yamato: You know him?
Angel: I know a few peeps at your school.
Angel: I hang out with this girl Chikarin too. Though she ain't called me lately.
Yamato: How does everyone you know just happen to be someone I know?
Yamato: ...Anyways, if you're friends, shouldn't you care what happens to him?
Angel: Hell no. Think I give a shit about anyone outside my family?
*She hadn't even hesitated.*
Angel: Well, he's pretty clearly lost one of his lives.
Angel: Guess he'll have to use a continue. Oh, he can't? Hah hah!
Ami: Hmm, now that I take a closer look, he has a pretty cute face.
Ami: Maybe I'll give him to Ryuu when he gets back tomorrow.
Angel: That'd work.
Yamato: ......!!!
Angel: Poor you. Your friend's gonna get destroyed.
Yamato: C-C'mon! That's clearly going too far!
Yamato: I'm begging you, please...
Angel: No can do.
Ami: We'll safeguard you, but screw anyone else.
Yamato: T-Tatsuko-san?
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Angel: Hah ha! She gives so few fucks, she fell asleep!
Ami: Tie him up and throw him in the storeroom.
Angel: 'Kay!
Yamato: (Dammit... We have to escape before Ryuuhei comes home.)
*I'd wanted to draw out some more information, but...*
*If I didn't do something, Moro would be in danger -- in more ways than one.*
*The Kawakami Temple was in an uproar.*
Monk: She fought Shakadou, the former assistant master, under the effects of the Wyrmseal.
Monk: She had a severe handicap, yes... But I still can't believe Momoyo-dono lost!
Lu: Shakadou... So you truly are here!
*Kawakami Momoyo rested limply.*
Kazuko: Waahhhh! Onee-sama! Onee-sama!
Tesshin: She was struck by Shakadou's Ring. I can tell from the wounds.
Tesshin: So this truly was Shakadou's handiwork... I'm sorry, Momo.
Tesshin: I should have trusted you...
Kazuko: I tried to tell you!
Tesshin: Yes... You and your friends know her far better than I.
Kazuko: What's going to happen to her?
Lu: Relax. Her graver wounds have already begun to heal.
Lu: All that remains is to wait until her strength returns and she awakens.
Tesshin: Yes. When she does, I will free her from the Wyrmseal.
Lu: Well, she'll probably be asleep for three days...
Kazuko: Three days...?
Tesshin: Nevertheless, Shakadou... Lu.
Lu: I know.
Lu: I shall take responsibility for purging Shakadou!
*--The Itagaki residence.*
Yamato: I'm taking a bath.
Ami: Okay.
Angel: ... (Let's go!)
Tatsuko: ... (Y-Yeah, let's.)
*I started to go back over what information I had.*
Yamato: In the end... there's only one person you could be.
Yamato: (Maroudo... I get it. What a stupid name.)
*I'd already figured out exactly who the culprit was.*
*However, I still didn't have any proof.*
*And the person wouldn't be stupid enough to carry any Utopia on their person.*
Yamato: (I won't be able to capture Maroudo unless I can get him to confess.)
Yamato: (And to accomplish that...)
Tatsuko: G-Good day, Yamato-kun.
Angel: Yo!
Yamato: Hey, what are you two doing in here?
Angel: Heheheh. I was thinkin', I wanna see what a guy looks like down there.
Tatsuko: And while we're here, we thought we'd wash it for you.
*They'd been showing me a lot more love recently, but to think things have reached this point...*
Angel: C'mon, lemme see.
Tatsuko: Just leave it all to your big sis.
Yamato: Hey, wait...
Angel: Whoa! He's hung!
Tatsuko: Wah! Wah wah wah!
Angel: Damn, you're gangster. Holy shit, Yamato.
Tatsuko: Umm, err, we're supposed to fondle this with...
Ami: With your breasts, Tatsu.
Yamato: You're here, too?
Tatsuko: L-Like this?
Ami: Yes, yes. Look at him. Doesn't he look like he's enjoying himself?
Yamato: Uh, kh.
Angel: Ahahaha. He really does.
Angel: ...Hey, lookin' at his boner's making me feel kinda strange.
Angel: 'Kay, I'm gonna tease him too.
Ami: How intimate... Time for a candid photo!
Ami: I'll make sure to send them this later.
Yamato: P-Please, anything but that.
Ami: Heh heh. Well, whatever. I'm off to the store.
Angel: 'Kay. Have a good trip!
Tatsuko: Good luck.
*...Ami and Ryuuhei were out of the house.*
*And Shakadou apparently wasn't in Kawakami today.*
*This was the moment I'd been waiting for.*
*I had no choice but to put my plan into action!*
*I had my own battle in store.*
*And it would be a fight to the death.*
*I could not succumb to the pleasure--*
*The battle would be fierce, but I would overcome.*
Tatsuko: Wow... You got all hard again.
Angel: Amazing. It's like a livin' thing.
Tatsuko: Mm... Then I'll do what Ami said to do, and lick it.
Tatsuko: *lick* *slurp*... *slurp* *kiss*
Angel: Whoa, look at it twitch.
Tatsuko: Mm... *slurp, kiss, lick*... So this is what Yamato-kun tastes like.
Angel: What's it like, Tatsu? Is it tasty?
Tatsuko: I'm not sure... but I think I like it a lot.... *lick, peck*
Angel: Seriously? ...Right, me too!
Tatsuko: Mm... *kiss*... *slurp, slurp*... *kiss*... You're really right, A-chan... Yamato-kun's penis keeps bouncin' around.
Angel: Lemme see. *slurp, slurp*... *lick*... *peck* *slurp, peck*... *slurp*... Oh, it's getting hot! ...*peck, lick*
Tatsuko: Mm, it's kind of... *suck*... Ngh... *slurp*
Angel: Oh, it's getting all wet. *peck* *lick, lick*
Tatsuko: Mm, let me lick that for you... Ahhmph.
Angel: I wonder what this'll taste like. Mm...
Tatsuko: Mmm... Aaamph... *slurp* *slurp* *gulp, gulp*
Angel: Mm... *slurp*... Aaamph... *lick*... *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*
Angel: *slurrrrrp* *suck* *gasp* This is tasty!
Tatsuko: Right? *slurp, suck*... *lick*... Mmm.
Yamato: Ooh, your breasts feel so good...
Angel: I get it. Tatsu squeezin' it between her breasts makes that juice ooze out.
Tatsuko: Really? *grunt*... *grunt*...
Yamato: Ooh, there's so much boob... Kh.
Tatsuko: Ah, you were right...  *lick, slurp* *slurrrrrrp*
Angel: Look at his hips twitchin'. You feelin' pretty good, huh? *suck, slurp, gulp*
Tatsuko: Mm, you're even more turned on now, aren't you? Mm... *slurp*... *nibble*... *lick* ngh... *gulp*
*Their saliva coiled around the head of my penis.*
Angel: Mm... *slurp, suck*... *gulp* ngh... *gulp*
*A thread of saliva dangled between my penis and Tatsuko's tongue.*
Tatsuko: *kiss* *peck*... *lick*... *slurp* *gasp* I'll lick the rod and stuff, so you suck!
Angel: 'Kay, aamph... Ammph... Mm... *suck, slurp* *suck*... *slurp, gulp, gulp*
Angel: *suck, slurp* pwah... huff, huff... Tatsu, trade off with me. *lick, lick*
Tatsuko: Okay. Ammph... *slurp, suck, lick, gulp*
Yamato: Ugh. You sisters are really good at working together. Ooh.
Angel: *'ick*... *'ick*... *lick* heh heh, damn right we are...
Tatsuko: ...*Sl-slurrrp*... Nhah, I don't get it. Drinking Yamato-kun's juice makes my head spin.
Angel: Yeah. My body's kinda gettin' all hot. *lick* *lick*... Mm... Uhm... Ammph... Mm... *kiss* oh...
*The two escalated further.*
Tatsuko: Mmwah! *kiss* ...*lick* ...*lick* ...Mm *kiss* *slurrrp!*
Angel: Mmmn! ...*slurp* ...*Slurrrp!*
Yamato: Kh... Ah, wait, I'm going to cum!
Angel: Heh heh. Then fuckin' cum! Mhah... *slurp*... *kiss* mnwah...
Yamato: Kh, ooh... Ah.
Tatsuko: Cum, Yamato-kun. Ammph, mwah... *slurrrp*
*And so my sperm was guided into Tatsuko's mouth.*
Yamato: Kha!
*Spurt! Splurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Tatsuko: Nmm?! Mmmmmm! Mmm...
Angel: Oh, wow, that semen stuff's comin' out?!
Tatsuko: Mm, n... Kh... *slurp*... Mm... *gulp*
*The river of semen continued to flow into Tatsuko's mouth.*
Tatsuko: ...Mfh... *gulp* mm... *gulp, gulp*... Nn, mm.
Angel: Whoa, look at you drink it up... Badass.
Tatsuko: Nkh... Mm... *gulp*! ... *gulp*... Pwah...
Tatsuko: Huff, huff... Amazing. It's so thick...
Angel: H-How'd it t-t-taste, Tatsu?
Tatsuko: Hmm... It's thick and strong. I think I could get addicted to having a guy cum in my mouth...
Angel: Seriously? I-It's that good...?
Yamato: Want to try some? It's fine, even though I did just cum.
Angel: Whoa, you're still hard and huge... You're gonna cum again?
Yamato: I'm sensitive right after I come. Just open up your mouth.
Angel: Got it. Ahhhhh.
*I drove my penis deep into Angel's mouth.*
Angel: Ammph...?! Mm, gh... ooh...
*She might have split Gakuto's head open, but she was still a girl. I had to treat her right.*
Angel: Nmah... Mm... *suck, slurp*... *kiss*
*My dick still in her mouth, I grabbed her head and started shoving my hips.*
Angel: Ahh... Mm... Mnn... *slurp, suck, slurp*...
*She looked like she was in pain, but she still continued to deepthroat my penis.*
Angel: Mmm, aha... *slurrrrrp, slurp*
Angel: Weehhh....Pfah... *slurrrp, slurp*
Angel: *slurp, kiss*... *suck, slurp, slurp*
Yamato: Mm, I'm cumming...
*I started thrusting my hips even more roughly.*
Angel: Ngh, nmm! *slurp, slurp*...
Angel: Nmmm! ...*suck* Mm... *s-slurp*
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming again!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spew! Spew...*
Angel: -ngh?! Nmm, mm, mnnnnn!
*An amazing quantity of semen poured into Angel's mouth. So much that you wouldn't have thought I'd just ejaculated a few minutes ago.*
Angel: Mm, nnn! Nnnn!
*Since I was holding her head fast against my cock, Angel couldn't escape the thick stream of semen.*
Angel: *gulp* ! ... *gulp* Mm... *slurp*... Mm!
Tatsuko: A-chan, you can do it!
Angel: *gulp* *gulp*... Nfh... *gulp* Mm... *gulp*
Angel: Nkh, nkh, pwah... Huff, huff, huff.
Angel: H-Holy shit... My mind's all blank.
Angel: It's such a weird taste... I wanna drink more.
Tatsuko: Yeah, me too...
Yamato: I've still got it up.
*I showed them my penis, which still stood tall.*
Angel: Whoa, that's f-freakin' awesome. I'd heard a guy's out of it for a bit after he cums.
Tatsuko: Mm... You're so manly, Yamato-kun... I'm going to lick you again. *lick*
Angel: Ah, then I'm gettin' in on this, too. *'Ick, lick, 'ick.*
*At the same time, Tatsuko started to slide her giant boobs over my dick.*
Tatsuko: Mm... *kiss, slurp*... *lick, lick* mm, hah...
Angel: *slurp*... *kiss*... Nkh, aaam... *slurp*...
Tatsuko: Nkh... *kiss*... Nkh... *lick*. Yamato-kun, your penis moves whenever I lick it...
Angel: So he really is sensitive right after he cums... *lick, peck, suck, slurrrp*...
Tatsuko: Mnwah... *slurp* aaaamph... *suck, lick, kiss*...
Angel: Mm... Ah, mm... *peck, slurp*... *lick, suck*
Tatsuko: ...*kiss* ...*lick* Yamato-kun, you taste so good...
Angel: Well, yeah. *lick, lick*. Licking it normally's nice, but drinkin' his milk fuckin' rocks. *lick, suck, k-kiss, slurp*... Mm.
Tatsuko: Okay, let's squeeze it out again. *grunt*...
*She worked my cock with her super-supple breasts.*
Yamato: Whoa, your boobs feels so good...
Angel: Ohh, Tatsu, your chest is the shit.. *lick* *lick* ...*kiss*... *lick, 'ick*...
Tatsuko: *peck* Nkh... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *slurp* Nhah, hah... Mm... *slurp*
Angel: Nkh... *slurp* *suck*... *lick*... *lick *slurp* Pchah... Nfh... *slllllurp*...
Yamato: Ack! Y-You two are so aggressive...
Tatsuko: Pwah... Hey, Yamato-kun, you don't have to hold back. *suck, slurp*... *kiss*... *llliiick*... *slurp*... Hah...
Angel: Yeah. Cum already! Give us your milk! *lick*... Mn... *kiss*... *lick* nkh... *lick*...
Tatsuko: Mmm, it feels so good when my nipples touch you... *slurrrp*... Aamph... *slurrrrp*...
Yamato: I love them too. They're so hard, and stimulating.
Angel: Ya gettin' bigger again... Cum already, dammit! *ssslurrrp*... *suck*... *kiss*...
Tatsuko: *peck* *peck*... *slurp*... *lick, lick*... *peck*
Angel: Hah, npah, hahn... *slurp, kiss, peck*
Yamato: Kh, oooh...! I'm cumming again!
*This time, I ejaculated all over their faces.*
Tatsuko: Hauuu... Wah, a-amazing...
Angel: Nmahhhh... It's all over me too.
*I came more than enough to cover their faces in cum.*
Tatsuko: Wack, ah, you came so much...
Angel: Mmm, it's so hot...
Yamato: That felt great. Thanks.
Tatsuko: Huh...? You've finished ejaculating.
Angel: ...But even so... He's still hard.
Yamato: I want to return the favor and make you two feel good.
Tatsuko: Y-Yamato-kun...
Yamato: May I?
*I said as I let my raging penis twitch.*
*The two gazed at my member, their cheeks bright red.*
Tatsuko: Okay... Yamato-kun, please.
Angel: Y-Yeah... Do it. Make me feel good.
*I nodded deeply.*
*It was time for the main event.*
*Thus began my battle to escape.*
*......*
Yamato: --*slurp, lick, kiss*
Tatsuko: Ooh... Ah, ah, Yamato-kun, your tongue's amazing...
*I had buried my face in her hips and was licking her slit.*
Tatsuko: Fwaahhh, you're sucking me, mm, mnnn...
*Though a virgin, she'd reacted quickly to my touch. She was already wet.*
Tatsuko: Mmm... Ah, ahh... Ah, mn, huh?!
Tatsuko: Ah! D-Don't go that far--
*I peeled back Tatsuko's asscheeks and titillatingly stimulated her pink butthole with my slippery tongue.*
Tatsuko: Fwahh... I... I can't take much more, mm, ahh, ahhh...
*I pulled back my head from the elder sister's ass and this time went for the younger's.*
Angel: Whoa, y-you don't hold b--Aiie, ah!
*Angel's slit was trim, clean, and pink.*
Angel: Kweh, uh, ahhh... Ooh, ahhh.
*I began diligently licking the area around her pussy.*
Angel: Ah! That's, mmm, my clit... Ah... ah, getting licked there is this fuckin' good? Fwahh, ah, mm, mnnnn!
*She squirted out lots love juice, just like her sister.*
Angel: Mn, ah, you gonna lick my ass too? Mm, ah.
Angel: Kah! B-But... Mm, this is way better than I thought, mm.
*I began stimulating both of their crotches with the fingers of both hands.*
Tatsuko: Mn-ah, Yamato-kun, nkh... Aaahhh!
Angel: Ah, ahhh... Damn, you're good. Ah!
*And then, after using my fingers to line up, I buried my penis into the hole between her legs.*
Tatsuko: Kh?! Ah, ahhhh!
*I push deep into her, savoring the feeling of her hymen as it ripped.*
Tatsuko: Kh... Hahh, you're inside me...
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun, your hot thing is entirely... Mn, kh!
*Tatsuko's cute voice -- and the torrent of love juice flowing from her -- were incredible turn-ons.*
Tatsuko: Ahh... You're twitching inside me...
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good, I can't stay still.
*She'd always been well-endowed, but with her butt perked up in the air, the volume seemed to increase tenfold.*
Tatsuko: Hauu, mmn, ah, ahhh, ah...
*And my penis continued to pound that beautiful ass.*
Tatsuko: Nkh, Yamato-kun... Ahh, fwah, Yamato-kun...
*Meanwhile, I continued to finger Angel's pussy.*
Angel: Fwah! Kh, you always been this perverted? Mn, ah, ahhhh...
Tatsuko: No, Y-Yamato-kun, move... in me, too...
Yamato: Sorry -- *grunt*
Tatsuko: Mnah!
*Tatsuko's head popped up as she inhaled sharply.*
Tatsuko: Mm... Ah!
*I stabbed all the way in, then brought myself back to just within her entrance.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, ah, Yamato-kun... I love you. Mmmnn!
*Next, I dove back in again.*
Tatsuko: Kh! Ah, Yamato-kun...
*I thrust my hips so fiercely, I was almost crashing into her ass.*
Tatsuko: Ah! Ah! Ah! Mn, mnnnn... Kh, fwah... Mn, ah, ahh!
Tatsuko: I-I'm going numb... It feels so good... Mnah, ah, ah!
*My heart ached at how her voluptuous ass swayed.*
Tatsuko: Hah! Ah, mnah... Yamato-kun, that was so--!
*I took a firm hold of her hips, then resumed pistoning her with redoubled ferocity.*
Tatsuko: Hah! ...Ah, n, ooh... Kweh... Ahhhh!
Tatsuko: You're--moving--so--fast--ah! Ahhhh, mn... Ahh!
*She started grinding against the movements of my hips.*
Tatsuko: Ah, I'm going numb, ahh, mn, mnah... Fwah
Tatsuko: Ahhm, hah, ah, kh, ahh...
*She tossed and turned her long, sweet-smelling hair.*
Tatsuko: Fwah... Ah, ahhh! Mn, kh... Mnah!
Yamato: Tatsuko... I'm cumming... *grunt*
Tatsuko: Ah... Yes, cum, Yamato-kun, cum inside me...
*I began to shove through the inner walls that were clinging to me ever so sweetly.*
Tatsuko: Aiiieee... Ah! Khaaaa! Mnah!
Tatsuko: Ah... Ah... Khh... I can't... take anymore... Ah, ahhhh!
Yamato: Tatsuko!
*I put the full force of my body behind one last thrust.*
Tatsuko: Fwaaaahhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Tatsuko: Ah, your hot stuff... Mnah, i-it's filled me up...
Tatsuko: Ah, you're still cumming. A-Amazing... Mn, mmmm...
Tatsuko: Huff, huff... huff, huff.
Yamato: Thanks for waiting. You're up next.
Angel: Sto--Aooh, ah, ahhhh, ahh!
Angel: Th-That fast? Kh, hah, it hurts...
*I entered her from behind too, popping her cherry.*
Angel: Ah, ahhhh... Kh, oooh...
Angel: H-Holy shit... I feel so giddy.
Yamato: Mn, it feels good for me too.
*I start slapping Angel's tight ass.*
Angel: H-Hey, don't act so cocky--Hauu... Ahhhhh!
*After doing so, I plunged even deeper into her.*
*As for Tatsuko, I began teasing and fingering her asshole with fingers drenched in love juice.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, Yamato-kun, you're feeling up there again...? Kh, ah!
Angel: Mnkh... Hau, ah... Mn, huh?
*I began moving forwards and backwards just on the edge of her pussy.*
Angel: Wh-Why the fuck you actin' so passive, dammit? Mn!
Yamato: You told me to stop being so cocky, so I'm only using part of my cock.
Angel: Huh, ah, we gone too far for this. Fuck me, don't fuck with me!
Yamato: Then could you lift your ass a little higher?
Angel: Huh...? Kh.
Angel: F-Fine. Like this?
*She shoved back her plump ass.*
Yamato: Mn, I'm moving.
*I stabbed into her outstretched hips.*
Angel: Nkh, ah... Mnahhh, i-it's so good.
*Her cheeks were bright red -- was she embarrassed? -- but she started moving on her own.*
Angel: Ha, ooh, n... Khh... Ahh!
Angel: Hauu, nkh... Hah, ahh... Ah, you're movin'... so... fuck... Mn!
*She was now actively shaking her hips, matching her movements with mine.*
Angel: Fwah... Kwah, nnah, nn... Nmm...
Yamato: Nm, kh, you're more perverted than your sister.
Angel: Kh, ahh, n! Sh-Shut it! Ah, ahh!
*Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam!*
Angel: Ah... Ooh, ah, ahh! Ahhhh!
*I took a strong hold of her ass and began accelerating my strokes.*
Angel: Haahh, ah, mn, mnah, sh-shit, mn!
Angel: My... mind's gone blank. Ah, ahh, ah!
Yamato: Th-Then you're about to cum. Mm!
Angel: Khhah, mn... L-Like hell a prisoner's gonna make me cum! Ah!
Yamato: That's not all. Your prisoner's also pinched your titties...
Angel: Heh... Fwah, y-you bastard! Ahhhhh!
Yamato: And he's gotten a nice look at your asshole...
Angel: Mnah, ahhh...! Y-You fuckin' pervert!
Angel: Ah, stop teasin' me, shithead! Idiot! M-Mnahhhh!
Yamato: But doesn't it feel good? You're trembling all over.
Angel: Annnh! ...Fwah, nkh... Mn!
Yamato: I'm about to cum too.
*As I neared the home stretch, I slammed my hips into the girl.*
Angel: Khah...! Mnahhh, ah-ahhhhh...
Angel: Wahh... Mn, mnah! A-Amazing... Ahhh.
Yamato: I'll ask again. Does it feel good?
Angel: Ahh, mn, ahh, f-fuck yes it feels good!
Yamato: Then I'll go even harder! Like this! Here!
Angel: Haahhh! Ah! Ahh!
*I thrust harder, causing me to stimulate her innermost depths.*
Angel: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Angel: Huff, huff, huff... Mnahhhh... My stomach's so hot... Mmm.
Angel: You came so much... Ah, I'm gonna melt.
Angel: Nkh... Mm, sex is a-amazing...
Yamato: And we haven't even gotten to the best part...
*I pulled my penis out of her and begin rubbing the remaining semen against her asshole.*
Angel: Mnah, what're you doing?
Yamato: I'm fucking you here too.
Angel: Y-You idiot! That's my--ah!
Angel: Y-Y-...Ah, you're in my ass...
Yamato: (I just have to keep going... somehow... Mnph!)
*I had to satisfy them both. I kept moving my hips.*
*......*
Angel: ...ah...Ah... AH!
*The aftereffects of her orgasms had completely befuddled Angel.*
*After cumming in her for the seventh time, she collapsed to the ground, where she twitched and jerked seductively.*
*The semen that had spilled from her slit and asshole I washed off in the shower.*
Tatsuko: Ooh, kh... Ahh, Yamato-kun, I'm cumming from anal!
Tatsuko: Ah! Ahhh! Haaahhh!
*Spurt! Spew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Tatsuko: Ahhh, it's so hot inside my tummy... Nkh.
*I thrust my hips and gave her a semen enema.*
Tatsuko: Kweh, ahh, ah, ahhhh, you're still cumming.
Yamato: That's because it feels so good to be inside you, Tatsuko.
*Spew, spurt! Spew, spew...*
Tatsuko: ...Ahhh, I'm going to cum, I'm cumming...! Your hot stuff inside me is making me cum again!
Tatsuko: Ahh... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Tatsuko: Y-Yamato-kun, h-how many times is this now...?
Tatsuko: You're amazing... You've completely filled my insides... Huff, huff.
*Tatsuko also seemed to be on the verge of unconsciousness.*
Yamato: Then... I'll have to further fulfill you.
Tatsuko: Kh-hah, you're coming in me again...
*Tightly gripping her giant breasts in my hands, I plunged my dick into her vagina.*
*Good thing I was a huge lecher, if I do say so myself.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, wh-why... are you so... amazing?
*A man doesn't need a reason to crave pussy.*
*......*
Tatsuko: Zzz...
Angel: Zzz...
*The two of them lay there, sound asleep.*
Yamato: They're completely knackered...
*I wiped the remaining drops from my penis onto Angel's face.*
Angel: Mm... mn.
Yamato: She's not waking up. Good.
*Now was my chance to run!*
*I briskly redonned my briefs.*
*I then headed over to the storeroom and lifted up Moro.*
Yamato: Moro... you're really light.
*And he was still unconscious.*
Yamato: You're going to wake up, right? ...Well, no worrying about that now.
Yamato: Time for our Great Escape!
*We needed to move quickly.*
*And so I sprinted outside with him on my back.*
*I single-mindedly dashed through the industrial district.*
Takuya: ...Huh...? Wh-What's going on...?
Yamato: Oh, Moro! You're awake. Great.
Takuya: Yamato... It... Oww... *Cough!*
Yamato: Yeah, you're in pretty bad shape. But listen.
*......*
Takuya: I see-- *cough* I'm sorry I got caught.
Yamato: Don't worry about it. Right now, we just need to find our way out of here.
Takuya: C-Can we do it?
Yamato: Easily. They're exhausted right now.
Yamato: We're going to get out of here, Moro.
Takuya: I'm glad to hear it. *Cough, Cough*
*We arrived at the town entrance.*
Seller: ...Huh?
Yamato: (Geh)
*They had to be here, of all people.*
Seller: Weren't you at Ryuu-san's place? Hey, why are you--
Seller: Gwah!
*Just then, a foot smashed into the back of his head.*
*It sent him tumbling to the ground.*
Shouichi: Oh, Yamato and Moro! Long time no see!
Yamato: Capt, why are you... Oh.
*The rest of the gang had fled in panic.*
*It looked like they'd been selling drugs.*
Shouichi: I came for you. I figured you were gonna make your escape any second now, and that you'd be headed for here.
Yamato: You read me like a book...
Shouichi: It was 'cause Moro was caught too. There was no way you'd be running away without him.
Takuya: Ah... Somehow, seeing you is a big relief.
Shouichi: I had one of the older guys at my job bring over that truck there.
Shouichi: Now get on in, and let's head home to our secret base.
Yamato: Yeah.
Takuya: Yeah.
Yamato: ...There's work waiting for us when we get back.
Shouichi: Whoa, you're looking pumped.
Yamato: Tomorrow, we're revealing Maroudo's identity.
Shouichi: Dude... Haha! Whoa, that's awesome.
Shouichi: Everyone's been down in the dumps since the base got trashed.
Shouichi: Man, Yamato, we're nothing without you.
Yamato: Quit it.
*I blushed.*
*--Kawakami Academy Gym.*
Yamato: Everyone I've asked to be here at this emergency meeting has now arrived.
Yamato: Thank you all for coming.
Umeko: It's nothing.
Kyojin: When we heard you'd learned Maroudo's true identity...
History Teacher: We positively flew here.
History Teacher: The name 'Maroudo' is far too similar to 'Maro', no? Maro detests it.
Suguru: (No one think's you're the culprit.)
Touma: The people here are all of those you summoned?
Mrs. Shimazu: It looks like it.
Kokoro: I expected more.
Mitsuru: *om nom nom*
Mayo: (Oh my...)
Yamato: Then let's get started.
Umeko: Yes, let's.
Yamato: First, I've received full cooperation from the police.
Yamato: Momentarily, they will begin a full investigation of the region where Utopia is being dealt.
Umeko: What?!
Mitsuru: Amazing. You got the police to act.
Yamato: They were pretty shocked themselves, the culprit being who the culprit is.
Yamato: So first, I would like to say a few words to Maroudo.
Yamato: I want you to confess. It's all over.
Mayo: D-Does that mean--?!
Touma: Are we to assume...
Yamato: Yes. One of us is Maroudo.
Suguru: What did you say?!
Yamato: Each of the people here is someone who's been suspected of being Maroudo.
Yamato: It really was someone close to me...
Yamato: ......
Yamato: I guess the person isn't willing to confess.
Umeko: So then, Naoe. Do you have any evidence as to the culprit?
Yamato: Evidence? I had none.
Umeko: What?
Yamato: Which is why I had my friends watch over the person in order to create the evidence.
Touma: Whatever do you mean?
Yamato: I think you know the answer to that better than anyone else, Aoi Touma.
Touma: Huh?
Yamato: You're the culprit!
Touma: I'm sorry?
Yamato: ...If only that were true. Then I wouldn't have to suffer any more of your advances.
Suguru: Hey, hey, is this a joke to you?
Yamato: My bad, my bad. It was just a rehearsal. I'm sorry, Aoi.
Touma: Yamato-kun, to think you would tease me. I never thought I'd see the day.
Yamato: So then, seriously this time.
Yamato: Maroudo must be someone...
Yamato: With the assets to procure Utopia...
Yamato: Enough connections in the city's underworld to keep drug sales smooth...
Yamato: And who's familiar with this academy.
Umeko: That's...
Touma: Could it be...
Yamato: However, I had no proof!
Yamato: That's why I had one of my friends, one good at tailing people, follow him and record evidence.
*I took a photograph from my breast pocket.*
Yamato: This photo proves the culprit's guilt.
*And I presented that evidence to a certain *man**
Yamato: Maroudo is none other than you...
Yamato: USAMI KYOJIN!
Kyojin: Hey, hey, why me?!
Kyojin: Come on. I'm just a virtuous old man who lives paycheck to paycheck.
Kyojin: Let's not bully our elders, okay?
Yamato: DON'T PLAY DUMB WITH ME! LOOK AT THE PHOTO!
*It showed a person selling drugs to a stranger in a back alley.*
Kyojin: ...
*And that person was unmistakably Kyojin.*
Kyojin: ...Hmph.
Kyojin: This seems flawless.
Kyojin: I guess there's no talking my way out of this one...
Touma: What...
Mayo: I can't believe it...
Yamato: You can't deny it.
Umeko: Mr. Usami, you're--
Kyojin: It's stupid to try to live a hardworking life.
Kyojin: There's nothing good about it.
Kyojin: So why not go nuts?
Kyojin: But to do that requires money.
Kyojin: So that's why I used my underworld connections...
Kyojin: To make me a pretty penny.
Mrs. Shimazu: You are a truly irredeemable man.
Yamato: The police were completely caught off guard by a teacher being behind this. That's why they're assisting us.
Kokoro: I misjudged you.
Kyojin: You say that like you ever respected me.
*Suddenly, Kyojin leapt.*
Kyojin: Nobody move! If you do, I'll claw out his eyes!
History Teacher: Oh? Maro's eyes?
History Teacher: S-S-S-S-S-Stop! Won't you stop?!
Yamato: You can't get away.
Kyojin: Now, I wonder!
*Kyojin released the hostage--*
Kyojin: Like hell you'll catch me!
*--and dashed off towards the athletic fields.*
Umeko: You think you can run?!
Yamato: After him!
*We chased after Mr. Beard.*
*......*
*I checked to make sure no one else was already on the roof.*
*Then, I locked the door behind me.*
*I had the rooftop all to myself.*
*But, just in case, it was best to take precautions.*
Maroudo: Hello? It's me. Here are your orders.
Maroudo: Do you think you could temporarily put a halt to all shipments of Utopia?
Maroudo: By coincidence, they found a teacher selling the same drug through different means.
Maroudo: Yes, there might be an investigation.
Maroudo: Tomorrow is the Carnival. Our fun festival awaits.
Maroudo: We wouldn't want to put a damper on the event, as it were.
Maroudo: Yes, that's right. I'm counting on you.
Maroudo: Ugh... But even so, what a disaster.
Maroudo: ...Heh... Hahah... Ha.
Maroudo: Hahahahahaha!
*Maroudo laughed as he looked down at the others below him.*
*His was the arrogant laugh of a victor.*
*At that moment.*
Yamato: Thank you for your confession, Maroudo, or 'God of Guests.'
Maroudo: ...?!
*From behind him, he heard the voice of a man he knew well.*
Maroudo: Naoe... Yamato!
Yamato: You locked the door... But all I had to do to open it was borrow the key from the teachers' lounge.
Yamato: I was certain you'd leave to give orders aimed to protect your distribution network.
Cookie 3: And we got it all on tape.
Yamato: Is the device you're using to modify your voice of Kuki design? It's very high quality.
Maroudo: The whole thing with Usami Kyojin, was it all an--
Yamato: Yes, it was all an act. He put on quite the performance.
Yamato: But you are the real Maroudo...
Yamato:  AOI TOUMA!
Touma: Yamato-kun...
Yamato: We may have had the rehearsal earlier, but this time, I mean it.
Cookie 3: There's no messing with my audio recorder!
Yamato: I have the evidence. It's time for you to resign yourself to your fate.
Touma: ...Why did you suspect me?
Yamato: Process of elimination.
Yamato: You knew the location of our secret base. You concluded that defeating Capt would crush us.
Yamato: That made me certain the culprit was someone we know.
Touma: ...I daresay a little research would have let anyone unearth those facts.
Yamato: Sure, but... Allow me to continue.
Yamato: Consider when you contacted the Itagaki household. On weekends and holidays, calls came whenever, but on weekdays, they only came at night.
Yamato: That marked you as a stereotypical office worker or student.
Touma: Yet that still doesn't suffice to make me the only suspect.
Yamato: Itagaki Ryuuhei was... *interested* in Maroudo.
Yamato: Given that he's gay, Maroudo must be a man.
Yamato: And he said Maroudo had soft skin. So he wasn't macho.
Touma: ...I still remain unsatisfied.
Yamato: Utopia is a drug. As the son of a major hospital's director, obtaining a supply of it would have been a cinch.
Yamato: Furthermore, your scrupulous intellect matches Maroudo's...
Touma: ...Would you continue?
Yamato: ...There's also Itagaki Tatsuko.
Yamato: When she saw me, she said I was the 'Yamato-kun' she'd kept hearing about.
Yamato: At first, I thought she was just being friendly, calling someone younger than her, 'kun'...
Yamato: But as we spent more time together, I realized I was wrong. Furthermore, she and I are the same age.
Yamato: All of that means Maroudo must have been calling me 'Yamato-kun'.
Yamato: And there is only one person who both calls me 'Yamato-kun' and fulfills every other requirement.
Yamato: But even so, I don't know your motive. I have logic.
Yamato: So I set the trap, hoping I was wrong...
Yamato: But you fell into it completely, Aoi Touma.
Touma: ......
Yamato: Maroudo, The God of Guests. The visitor from afar. The Traveler.
Yamato: The Traveler is said to be a god who comes from a foreign land, gives people his blessings, then departs.
Yamato: What better alias for one selling a drug whose name means 'Paradise'?
Touma: How thorough of you, to decipher even my name.
Yamato: I now have all of the evidence I need on tape.
Cookie 3: Now put up your hands. You're gonna be under arrest.
Touma: ...That is quite the recorder. It mimics my voice to perfection.
Touma: Modern technology can be so troublesome sometimes.
Yamato: YOU'RE GOING TO PRETEND YOU'RE INNOCENT?
Touma: If I did?
Yamato: Then we'll capture you! I'd rather you turned yourself in, but if you refuse, you'll force my hand.
Yamato: If you insist on playing dumb, I'll have you undergo some Kawakami torture.
Touma: Torture? And here I thought you were accusing me of evildoing.
Touma: ...This is quite unexpected. I thought destroying your secret base would leave you unable to recover.
Yamato: It was a pretty big shock, but you don't get it, do you?
Yamato: We can always just make another base. It's as simple as that.
Yamato: After all, our symbol, the agave growing in our base's garden, is safe.
Touma: ...The agave? What meaning does that have?
Yamato: We swore that, fifty years from now -- or seventy, whenever it blooms -- we'll all come together to take a picture.
Touma: I see. So it would have been wiser to crush not the building, but the plant.
Yamato: I say to you one more time, Aoi Touma. Turn yourself in.
Touma: ...Does anyone else know of this?
Yamato: Only my friends. I had no definitive proof, after all.
Yamato: We're going to tell them that everything that happened in the gym was practice in case of some emergency.
Yamato: By now, everyone should know it was all an act. They're probably sighing with relief.
Touma: ...Are they, now?
Yamato: But even now, I still don't understand. Why would you do this?
Touma: ...I would be willing to tell you, but I would rather this be off the record.
Yamato: I'll turn off the recorder.
Touma: So you say... But I daresay you haven't actually done so.
Yamato: You got me. Look, I've turned it off for real.
Touma: Oh, bless your heart.
Yamato: I can't believe what you've done.
Yamato: Why would an elite such as yourself do something so lame?
Touma: I am an elite, that is certainly true...
Touma: Yamato-kun, you must know the Aoimon Hospital's reputation.
Grandfather: Oh, my hip hurts... I must hurry to the Aoimon Hospital.
Grandmother: It's such a nice place, isn't it?
Yamato: It's a fantastic hospital, the city's biggest. and a clean and beautiful facility.
Touma: ...Yes, I suppose it must look that way to you.
*I was born and raised as the only son of the hospital's director.*
*I was rather wise, if I do say so myself.*
*Everyone praised me for my good grades, called me my father's son.*
Touma's Father: Yes, I'm proud of you, son. (He patted his head.)
Touma's Father: However, you must be wiser still if you want to succeed me.
Touma: Yes, sir.
Touma's Father: Study harder. Master this problem set too.
Touma: I will, Father.
*Everyone trusted my dad, the director of a local but popular hospital.*
*He had even been commended for his public service.*
*He made me cram incessantly, but I was happy to do so if it meant I would grow up to be like him.*
*How mature of me, wouldn't you say?*
*As I delved through mountains of books and engaged in people-watching...*
Touma: ...Humans really are such horrible creatures...
*Though nothing more than a child, I felt so enlightened.*
*But my father was different. He was honest to a fault.*
Touma: Father, you're not like other people.
Touma: I'm going to grow up to be someone just like you!
Touma: That's my dream.
Touma's Father: You're such a good son. I'm happy to hear it.
Touma's Father: I know you can become like me.
Touma's Father: After all, my blood runs in your veins.
Touma's Father: So study this. And this too.
Touma: I'll get through all of the work that you assign me, Father.
*I wanted him to praise me. I wanted to be him.*
*That desire drove me to devote myself to my studies.*
*However, I eventually realized that something about my father was wrong.*
*Careful attention revealed to me a number of suspicious actions he had taken.*
*I could have left it alone, but my curiosity led me to search deeper.*
Touma: Oh my goodness... Is all of this evidence of illegal activities?
Touma's Father: Oh, Touma! You found that file already?! What a good boy you are!
Touma: Huh?
Touma's Father: Those documents show how I've put my intellect to use in real battles. Isn't it wonderful?
Touma: Father... Are you...?
Touma's Father: Yes. Your deduction is correct, Touma.
Touma's Father: It's amazing how, in the real world, two sides of the same coin can be so different.
*My dad used his position as the hospital's director to collude with the administration, sell drugs on the side, commit all sorts of evil deeds.*
Touma's Father: Touma, I know both sides of the hospital I've built will one day be safe in your hands.
Touma: But I... I hate the dark side of it.
Touma's Father: Hah hah hah, that's fine. I know you can become like me.
Touma's Father: --After all, my blood runs in your veins!
Touma: We... have the same... blood...?
Touma's Father: That's right! The child of a hawk is a hawk himself. You can't change that, Touma.
Touma: But all I wanted was for everyone to respect me, like they do you...
Touma's Father: I see. Then do so.
Touma's Father: But only appear to be benevolent. That will make life more fun.
Touma's Father: Be the object of their respect and adoration, all while doing whatever you want.
Touma's Father: I'm so happy you're so talented. *pat* I'll assign Vice-Director Inoue's son to you.
Touma's Father: You will start doing evil, beginning with small acts and building from there.
Touma: ......
*I could no longer speak.*
Touma's Father: You'll need more intelligence if you don't want to be caught.
Touma's Father: Ideally, you'll be #1 on the national exams, or close to it.
Touma: ...Father, I don't want to study just for that.
Touma's Father: Don't be so spoiled. Keep studying more, and more, and more!
Touma's Father: You're my son, Touma. We share responsibility. We're in this together.
Touma's Father: Now, keep gathering knowledge and doing evil and doing good. Keep going, and going, and going!
Touma: Father...
Touma's Father: Here, read this book too. Study it!
Touma's Father: Keep going, Touma, with this! And this! And this!
*Before I knew it, the sun had begun to set.*
Touma: And so I came to be.
Yamato: ......
Touma: Selling these drugs is, I suppose, training to be evil.
Yamato: That's awful... You've gone through some really bad stuff.
Yamato: But that's all the more reason to turn yourself in.
Touma: ...Thank you, Yamato-kun. I owe you my gratitude.
Touma: Thank you for letting me buy time with my story.
Yamato: ......!!!
*The next thing I knew, a girl was standing beside Touma.*
Koyuki: Yahoo!
Yamato: ...Yahoo.
Cookie 3: Mm, why's there a chill in the air?
Koyuki: Why do you look so scaredy-faced? Ahahaha.
Koyuki: Don't be like that. Shake my hand! Yay!
Touma: ...Yuki.
Koyuki: Hm?
Touma: Would you be so kind as to destroy that robot on Yamato-kun's shoulder?
Koyuki: Got it!
Koyuki: Well, you heard him. So I guess I gotta..
Koyuki:  DESTROY HIM.
Cookie 3: She's the one who destroyed me before!
Yamato: What?! She did it? ...So that's what happened.
Koyuki: Take this!
*She came flying at me with a powerful kick, but--*
Yukie: I will not let you attack Yamato-san.
Koyuki: You blocked my kick?
Yukie: (The arm I blocked with went numb... She's strong!)
Yamato: If you're going to resort to violence, I don't have any choice but to use the power I have in reserve.
Touma: It seems a trite unfair, having at your disposal such a powerful freshman.
Yamato: Surrender, Aoi Touma. Put a halt to the Carnival!
Touma: Heh... Your recording means nothing. I can simply feign ignorance, and that will be that.
Yamato: Let me repeat myself: If you refuse, we will force you to confess.
Yamato: I'm sorry about your past, but you are truly evil.
Yamato: You sinned by selling these drugs!
Yukie: So then, I ask you to submit to a citizen's arrest.
Touma: ...I'm afraid that will be impossible. Please look above you.
Yukie: --What? Dark Cookies?!
*Three of the machines descended from the sky.*
Dark Cookie 1: We are the Dark Cookies, Maroudo's vanguard.
Dark Cookie 2: Maroudo, your orders.
Dark Cookie 3: All for Maroudo.
Yamato: You overwrote their programming?!
Touma: I did say they would be easy to hack.
Touma: Well... I will concede I had a rough time about it.
Touma: The Kuki Corporation's systems are as secure as advertised... But enough of that.
Touma: I will be using the Dark Cookies as my pawns tomorrow.
Yukie: You won't get away!
Jun: Sorry, but I can't let you lay one finger on the Young Master.
Yukie: Ah, a new fighter?!
Yamato: ...So you really are with him, too...
Jun: That's how it is. Don't feel bitter.
Yamato: Don't you know the depths of your sins?
Jun: The Young Master has made his choice. I merely follow his lead.
Touma: Dark Cookies, you will hold them here.
Dark Cookie 1: Roger that. We three will act as one to confine them here.
*All three Dark Cookies simultaneously drew their swords.*
Yukie: ...Hah!
Dark Cookie 2: Mwuh?! She's a strong one...
Dark Cookie 3: Focus on defense. Do whatever it takes to keep her here!
Dark Cookie 1: Expanding defensive M-Field!
Matsukaze: Dammit! The robots ain't gonna let my girl Mayucchi get to him!
Touma: This is getting far too exciting, so I believe I will make my exit.
Touma: The Carnival shall proceed tomorrow as scheduled.
Touma: Besides, even if I tried to stop it now, I doubt Ryuuhei would be understanding.
Touma: He is the one actually directing the festivities, you see.
Yamato: There'll be no going back from this!
Touma: Quite so. Which is exactly what I desire.
Yamato: What? Why?
Touma: You need but sit back and be mortified as the city falls into chaos.
Yamato: Dammit, Aoi...
Touma: You anger me. I despair at reality, yet you live with such innocence.
Touma: I have always been dazzled by the sight of you.
Touma: You think your little club of friends stop me? You think that, together, there's nothing you can't do?
Touma: Absurd. So I wanted to teach you what the real world is like.
Yamato: Is that why you've made total war with us?
Touma: Yes, it is... But I have been too restrained.
Touma: During the Carnival tomorrow, the agave -- the thing that binds you -- will burn.
Yamato: ...What did you say?
Touma: You will have no choice but to despair at how powerless you truly are. Heh heh heh.
Koyuki: Oh, Touma's so happy.
Koyuki: Then I'll laugh too. Ahahahaha!
Yamato: She practically worships you. Are you going to drag her with you into evil?
Koyuki: Evil? Nope, not evil.
Koyuki: Touma saved me.
Koyuki: Unlike a certain someone.
Yamato: ......?
Touma: You asked Jun if he knew the depths of his sins... Indeed, our sins are deep.
Touma: But Yamato-kun, I daresay you've wallowed in your fair share of sin.
Yamato: Where'd that come from?!
Touma: Someday, I'll take the time to tell you the story properly. Until then!
Yamato: ...If you're going to burn the agave...
Yamato: We'll capture you first and drag you to the police!
Touma: Hahaha! Intriguing. This is the perfect setting for our final game.
Touma: I shall await you at the Child Palace.
*Then Touma, Jun, and Koyuki jumped off of the roof.*
Dark Cookie 1: How reckless.
*The robot dove down, caught them, and rushed them away from the school.*
Yukie: Tah!
Dark Cookie 3: Too weak!
Yamato: ...You're giving Mayucchi a pretty tough time.
Dark Cookie 2: We've bought the time they needed. Retreat.
Dark Cookie 3: Roger that!
Yamato: They flew off?!
Yukie: They looked so expensive, so I didn't want to damage them, and... I'm sorry.
Yamato: You held back because of that?!
Yukie: But they also look so much like Cookie. I couldn't... Aww.
Cookie 3: It's fine, it's fine. Just do it!
Cookie 3: If you cleanly cut off their arms and legs, the Kukis can fix them up in no time!
Cookie 3: Heck, since they're being misused, you got a duty to stop them if anything.
Yukie: I hadn't thought of that!
Yukie: I understand... Next time, I won't fail!
Matsukaze: Yeah. My girl ain't gonna show no mercy!
Yamato: Aoi Touma, I will stop you!
Yamato: It's time for the Friday Meeting. And tomorrow, we're going to stop the Carnival in its tracks.
Cookie 3: Yeah!
*--Meanwhile, at the Kawakami Temple.*
Tesshin: ...With this, you've been freed from the Wyrmseal.
Momoyo: Oh... Ohh, yes, yes, it's back!
Momoyo: I can feel the power flowing through me!
Tesshin: But even so, to think you regained consciousness in a single day...
Momoyo: Of course I did, Gramps. Like hell I'm gonna sleep for a week.
Lu: Your vitality ever amazes me.
Momoyo: Ohhhh, Wanko, I can feel all the power sparking inside me!
Kazuko: Yep, I can feel it too.
Kazuko: Onee-sama, you've fully recovered!
Monk: Wow, her broken bones... They're healing before our eyes.
Momoyo: ...Ugh... Ah... Now this feels good.
Momoyo: Where's Mororo?
Kazuko: The treatment worked. He needs to go down to the hospital, but he'll be fine.
Momoyo: I see... Good.
Momoyo: So then! Let's find Shakadou-san and Maroudo and beat all them up!
Kazuko: Oh, Yamato's texted us. He wants everyone to gather!
Momoyo: Ah, that's my cute lil' bro. Nice timing.
Momoyo: Whoa there... That made me remember something.
Momoyo: And I won't rest easy until I tell it to his face!
*--The Friday Meeting.*
*We had an earnest talk.*
Yamato: That concludes the truth behind what's going on and our battle lineup for tomorrow.
Shouichi: Sweet! Everything's looks perfect to me, Tactician.
Takuya: I've got a really important role, huh.
Yamato: I know you're still hurting pretty bad, but... Can you handle it, Moro?
Takuya: Yeah, leave it to me!
Tadakatsu: It's finally the ultimate battle... This time, we'll win.
Yamato: Of course.
*Nee-san had recovered, but the enemy had Shakadou and a host of Dark Cookies on their side.*
*We couldn't let our guards down for a second.*
Yamato: I figured I'd at least take the time to hammer out one of my patented plans.
Yamato: With any luck, we can put it into action at just the right time, but...
Shouichi: But still, Aoi Touma... He wouldn't have been my first guess.
Kazuko: I don't get it either.
Momoyo: And Baldie's with 'em too...
Momoyo: Baldie might be a lolicon, but he's not evil.
Yamato: And I don't think Aoi Touma is either.
Yamato: That's why I want to catch him and make him turn himself in.
Yamato: We're not defeating them -- we're saving them.
Chris: No objections. Let us go, in the name of justice!
Yukie: Yes! Let's save them!
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Yamato: Anyways, I know we're all pretty beat up, both physically and mentally...
Yamato: So first, get a good, long sleep tonight!
Yamato: Then tomorrow, be in your best condition to fight.
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'll be 100% just in time for tomorrow... Let's do this!
Momoyo: Uh, sorry, Wanko, but could you go home first?
Miyako: The two of us need to talk to Yamato.
Yamato: With me?
*Miyako, Nee-san, and I remained at our secret base.*
Miyako: Mm!
Yamato: Mmmm?!
*She suddenly kissed me.*
Miyako: Mn, heh... *kiss*... *peck*... *lick*
Yamato: *gasp* H-Hey, Miyako, mm--
Miyako: Hamph... *smack, lick* mmm... *slurp, smack*... Pwah.
Miyako: Mnn... *kiss*... *smack* pwah.
Yamato: Wh-What are you--
Miyako: Isn't it obvious? You were all over that woman who captured you.
Momoyo: Every day, the Itagakis used your phone to send us pictures of the rich life you shared with them.
Yamato: B-But I was their prisoner! There was nothing I could do!
Momoyo: And yet it looks like you were enjoying yourself just fine.
Miyako: Right? So you can't expect us to sit here and do nothing.
Momoyo: Anyways, we're going to destroy the Itagakis... But.
Miyako: First, we have to steal back our Yamato.
Miyako: I'm going to overwrite everything they did!
Momoyo: And so am I.
Momoyo: Just thinking of how they took you away, little bro, still pisses me off.
Momoyo: So, Yamato... *kiss*... Mnn.
Yamato: N-Nee-san... Mnn...
Momoyo: *kiss*... Pwah. Prepare yourself.
Miyako: Tonight, there won't be any distance between us.
Yamato: Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Miyako: We're going to take your already hard, unchaste cock...
Momoyo: And together, give you the night of your life.
Yamato: Y-You too, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Heh heh. I just got my powers back, so I'm feeling kinda... High... Huff, huff.
Miyako: Now, just give in... Huff, huff.
Yamato: Let's stop huffing and huffing and just calm down!
Momoyo: It's not like you can get us to stop.
Miyako: Right? Now... Give in!
*I-I couldn't believe what was happening.*
*They'd already pulled down my pants and stripped off my boxers.*
Momoyo: Whoa...
Miyako: Whoooaaahh...
Momoyo: It's so amazing... And hot...
Miyako: Right? It's so manly... *sniff, sniff*... And it smells wonderful.
Momoyo: ...*kiss* Mn... Mm... *lick*
Yamato: Ah, ahh... Nee-san...
*Nee-san started to entwine her tongue around my penis.*
Miyako: Amazing. Look at it twitch. Oh, Yamato, your cock's so lecherous.
Momoyo: *kiss, peck*. Looks like you're enjoying yourself, Yamato.
Momoyo: Mn... *peck, 'ick*... *lick* mn... Mkh, mmmn...
Miyako: Momo-senpai, you're licking it so boldly...
Momoyo: Yamato's tastes so good... It's the taste of a male.
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp, slurp*... *kiss*...
Momoyo: You come, too, Miyako... Mn! ...Mnkh... *kiss*... *kiss, lick, lick*... Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Then don't mind if I do. I can't wait.
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*. It's a childhood friend attack!
Yamato: Ugh... First off, this feels too good...
Miyako: Aaamph.. *lick, kiss*... *lick*... *kiss*... Mn, mnnn...
Momoyo: Heh heh heh. Looks like you enjoy the taste too... Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... Mnah... Mn...
Miyako: Mm-hm. *lick*... *kiss*... Yamato, yours tastes so good. *kiss*
Yamato: You two are amazing... Kh...
*I rested a hand on each of their heads.*
Miyako: *kiss*... Mn... *kiss*... Yamato, now you're into it, too... *lick, lick*... *slurp, slurp*...
*She carefully laced the saliva on her tongue about my dick.*
Momoyo: Aamph.. *kiss* This is only because you're such a lecher... *lick*
Miyako: *lick, lick, lick*... *slurp, kiss* Here he goes again...
Yamato: Y-You're the lecherous ones here. Kh, ooh.
Miyako: You're quivering every time we lick you... Mn, *kiss*...
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... Juice is already coming out from the tip.
Momoyo: I'm going to suck it up... *slurp, slurp*
Miyako: Mnah... Me too... Hah, ahah... Ahmph, mn... *slurp* *slurrrrrp*... Mn, mn... *gulp, gulp*...
Yamato: If you suck me like that, I'll--ah! Ahhh!
Momoyo: Mnn... *suck*.... *slurp*... *gulp*... *gulp*... Pwah, look at Yamato's face... He's totally turned on. Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: *slurp, kiss*... Mnah... You're right. He's so cute.
Yamato: I can't hold back...
Momoyo: *lick*... *slurp, slurp* yeah, I guess not. You're even trembling... *lick* *lick*
Miyako: Go ahead. Cum whenever you want... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... Mn, mnnn...
Yamato: Kh, ooh, I'm cumming...
Momoyo: Mn... *lick*... *slurp*...
*The two began licking me even more passionately.*
Miyako: Ah, lick... Mn, mnah... Mmnn?!
*I could hold back no longer, they brought me to my peak.*
Miyako: Let me drink it. Aamph.
Momoyo: Ah!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Miyako: Mn, ahhhhh... 
*A huge quantity of sperm gushed into Miyako's mouth.*
Momoyo: Mm... And here I thought I'd drink it first.
Miyako: ...*gulp, gulp, gulp*
Momoyo: Little bro, so that's what you look like when you cum.
Yamato: Oof... I'm so embarrassed.
Momoyo: You'd better be. We're overwriting what happened, remember?
Miyako: Mn... *gulp, gulp, lick*... Pwah.
Miyako: Mn, heh... Yamato, it tasted so good...
Miyako: It kinda feels like... Like my wounds are healing, and my strength's building.
Miyako: My cells... are evolving!
Yamato: Is my semen a miracle drug for you? Is there anything it can't do?
Miyako: It's because it's the milk of the person I love, Yamato.
Momoyo: Nweh... You're still looking fantastic. That's wonderful, lil' bro. *kiss*
Yamato: Hauuu, Nee-san...
Momoyo: This time, you're going to let me drink your milk. *lick*
Miyako: The smell of your semen's gotten me excited... *kiss, lick*...
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Mn, mngh... *slurp, lick*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* I'll stroke you with my hand too.
Yamato: Ah, Miyako... Mn!
Miyako: Heh heh... You sounded so cute just now... *kiss, lick, lick*... Mn, nfh... *slurp*... Mn, mkh...
Momoyo: Mm... Not bad... Then I'll take this ballsack and... Ahmph.
Momoyo: Hamph... Nfh... Mm... *lick*... Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: N-Nee-san... Kh, ooh.
Momoyo: *lick* *lick*... *slurp* nfh, nkh...
Momoyo: Pwah. This is where you make your milk, Yamato, so I'm going to be very attentive. Ammph... *slurp*... *wriggle*... *slurp*...
Miyako: Mn... It's so thick... *lick, 'ick*... *slurp*...
Momoyo: Ahh... *wriggle*... *lick*... Mn...
*As Nee-san slid her tongue all over my balls, I felt the building of an extreme wave of pleasure.*
Momoyo: *suck* *slurp*... *lick* *lick, lick*
Yamato: Ahhh, Nee-san, Nee-san...
Miyako: Yamato... Your voice sounds oh so sweet... *lick*
Momoyo: Heh heh... Now, Yamato, how about here?
*She started teasing my asshole with her fingers.*
Momoyo: They must've played around here too, didn't they?
Yamato: N-No, no they didn't... So Nee-san, please.
Momoyo: They didn't tease you here?
Yamato: Ah, ahh...
Momoyo: Then I get to break new ground.
Yamato: Don't tell me you're--!
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mn... Mnnnnn...
*Nee-san had stuck her tongue out and into my asshole.*
Momoyo: *lick, 'ick, 'ick, 'ick*...
Yamato: Ah, ahh... Holy moly, it feels so good... Kh.
Miyako: *lick, 'ick*... Amazing, there's so much precum.
Momoyo: *lick, 'ick*... Heh heh. You must be really enjoying it.
Miyako: Mn... Mmm... *suck, 'ick*... Yamato, you're so nasty.
Yamato: B-But Miyako, you're--
Miyako: You're the one whose boner won't stop raging. *slurp*... *lick, lick*... Mnkh, mnfhh...
Momoyo: Looks like you're about to ejaculate. Mn, *kiss*... Mnkh...
Momoyo: Want me to lick all the way down to your balls? Ammph... *s-Slurp!*... *lick* ...*kiss* Mnn...
Momoyo: Mnah... *lick* ...*lick* ...*slurp*
Miyako: Then I... will take this hole... *lick*
Yamato: Kh?! Hey, that's my--
Miyako: Your urethra... *kiss* ...*lick, lick, lick*...
Momoyo: Look at him twitch. He must be enjoying that too.
Momoyo: I'll be down here, pleasuring every little bit of his balls. *kiss* *slurp*... Nkh... *slurp*
Yamato: Kh, ooh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Relax. We're going to have plenty of fun from your backdoor too.
*Nee-san started teasing my asshole with a finger soaked in saliva.*
Yamato: I-I'm cumming again...
Momoyo: That's the plan... *suck, slurp*
Momoyo: We'll do whatever we like, if it makes you feel good... *suck, slurp*... *lick, lick*...
Miyako: That's right... I want to see you cum, Yamato. *lick, 'ick*
Yamato: Huff, ah... Ah, Nee-san, Miyako.
Momoyo: *slurp, kiss*... *suck* how's that, Yamato?
Miyako: *slurp* ooh... *lick, lick, lick*... Isn't this so much better than anything you did with the Itagakis?
Yamato: Ah, ahhh, I concede... Nee-san, Miyako.
Momoyo: Good. Then cum! *Sllurrrrrrpppp!*
Miyako: ...*lick*... Mn... *slurp*... *smack*
Momoyo: Mn, oooh... Mn... *suck*... *slurp, lick, lick*
Yamato: Ack!
Momoyo: This time, it's my turn... Ammph... Mn, heh mn... *slurp*... *slurp*... *slurrrppp*
*Spurrrrrrt! Spurt, spurt!*
Momoyo: Mm... Mn, mm... Mn... *gulp, gulp*
Momoyo: ...*Gulp, gulp, gulp*... Pwah.
Momoyo: ...Wow, it's so thick... Amazing.
Miyako: And he's still so wonderfully hard.
Momoyo: Let's clean him up. *lick, lick*
Miyako: Yes, let's. *lick, lick*
Yamato: Wah. I'm sensitive right now, so if you do that, I'll--
Miyako: *slurp* hah, nmamph... *suck, slurp*
Momoyo: *kiss, slurp*... Mnah... *slurp, kiss*
Yamato: Kh!
*They kept going, bringing me again to climax.*
*This time, I ejaculated onto both of their faces.*
Momoyo: Wah, hah... Amazing.
Miyako: Mn. I got a Yamato milk shower. The heavens have blessed me!
*Drops of my semen blotted Nee-san's majestic face.*
*Miyako was also spellbound, the cum resting on her cheeks and nose.*
Momoyo: This is a great shot in the arm before the big fight.
Miyako: Heheh... With your semen in me, I'll be stronger than ever.
Miyako: But I want to be even stronger. Ammph.
Yamato: Ahh?!
Momoyo: Heh heh heh... You like it too, don't you, Miyako?
Momoyo: --Speaking of, tomorrow's battle...
Momoyo: It might be bigger and rougher than anything we've ever faced...
Momoyo: But this time, I'll win!
*Nee-san's determination and my moans echoed across the skies.*
*Today was the day of the Carnival.*
Yamato: It's so bright. Odiously so.
*I had gone to check on Gakuto.*
Gakuto: Hey. I heard you got caught by the enemy and were thrashed up pretty bad.
Yamato: Yeah, it was a rough few days.
Gakuto: You look pretty good, all things considered.
Yamato: Well, umm...
*Miyako had continued to wring me dry until near the break of dawn.*
Yamato: What about you? How are your wounds?
Gakuto: I'm on the bend. I'm near 100% already.
Yamato: That's good news.
Yamato: The truth is, today, we're...
Gakuto: A Carnival? And it's the final battle? That sounds like one hell of a festival.
Yamato: Yes. So it might be hard for you to get in touch with us, but don't worry.
Gakuto: ...It's the final battle, and I'm stuck in bed... DAMMIT ALL!
Yamato: Don't let it get to you.
Yamato: So, we're off to mop things up.
Gakuto: Yeah, I'm countin' on you!
Gakuto: ...Kh. I'm so pathetic.
*--At the Kinryuu Street Shopping District.*
Bookstore Owner: Okay, so what?
Takuya: It's the Carnival. Kawakami's going to be dangerous tonight.
Bookstore Owner: The whole city, in danger, 'cause some kids are meetin' up?
Bookstore Owner: Whatever. I just gotta stay inside, right?
Takuya: They're going to be high on drugs, so who knows what they'll do.
Takuya: You should cooperate with those around you.
Bookstore Owner: You're overreactin'.
Takuya: Then come outside and see for yourself.
Bookstore Owner: ...What's going on, ya idiots...
Bookstore Owner: Mmgh?
Bookstore Owner: Looks like there's a ton of punks walkin' around today.
Bookstore Owner: And they look like they're all out for blood.
Bookstore Owner: Guess you were tellin' the truth.
Bookstore Owner: What about the police?
Takuya: They'll respond, I'm sure, but they might not be enough.
Takuya: We have to protect ourselves, with our own strength!
Bookstore Owner: The Carnival, was it? They're sure gettin' full of themselves.
Bookstore Owner: Hey, all you shopping district guys, get over here!
Takuya: ...Great, that's another person who'll be on guard tonight.
Takuya: Okay, onto the next!
Takuya: If I'm not going to be of any help in the battle anyways...
Takuya: Then I have to do everything I can now!
*--Kawakami Temple, Nakamise Way.*
Chika: There's just so many people here who look like they're ready for a fight.
Chika: And they're totally giving me these weird looks.
Chika: Morooka must have been right when he said there was going to be a dangerous Carnival tonight.
Chika: If anyone from the Kawakami Temple comes, I'll follow their orders.
*--The Italian shopping district.*
Kosugi: ...Hmm, hmm, I see...
Kosugi: This is a premium chance!
*--In front of Kawakami Station.*
Policeman: Wow... This really is a huge gathering.
Policeman: It looks like there's delinquents massing from all over.
Policeman: However, we're equipped to handle it.
*The uproar in the city grew as the beasts hid their claws and bided their time until nightfall.*
*The sun set.*
*--The Kawakami City Industrial Area.*
*Hundreds of outlaws had gathered here.*
Angel: Yah-hah! Check out the view! 
Ami: Well done, gathering so many.
Tatsuko: ...Yamato-kunnnnn...
Ami: Get a hold of yourself, Tatsu.
Ami: We can simply go get him back once this starts.
Tatsuko: Yeah, we have to.
Angel: Naoe Yamato... You bastard. You even drilled me in the ass.
Angel: I'll fuck you up with my golf club!
Tatsuko: No, that would be bad.
Ryuuhei: Sorry to keep y'all waiting. It's me, Itagaki Ryuuhei!
*The crowd roared their approval.*
Ryuuhei: Looks like the Utopia's already kicking into action!
*The beasts' voices sounded like something echoing up from the chthonic depths.*
Angel: Wahoo! This is fuckin' awesome! Everyone's got this cool glint in their eyes!
Ami: Once we let them loose, the city will plunge into chaos.
Ryuuhei: Look. This signals the start of the Carnival!
*Flames erupted in front of him.*
Ryuuhei: Anyone who wants to know what's burning, come and see.
*On fire was a group of police cars.*
*All of the patrol cars brought here to contain the Carnival had been demolished by a single man.*
Maroudo's Soldier K: D-Damn, this guy's good. He wiped out all those cars.
Maroudo's Soldier Y: Hey, fuck yes! Let those pigs' cars burn!
Ryuuhei: Exactly! They're fireworks for the start of our Carnival!
Maroudo's Soldier Q: Wh-Whoa, hey, if he actually drove off the police...
Maroudo's Soldier R: Then maybe we really can do whatever we want!
Maroudo's Soldier S: Awesome, heh heh. What am I gonna do first?!
*The beasts' instincts flared.*
Angel: Looks like the demo did its job.
Ami: Master's gotten into it, too.
Ryuuhei: Go out there and do just the things you want!
Ryuuhei: Sure the cops'll bring reinforcements, but they'll be too late.
Ryuuhei: So let's fucking celebrate!
Maroudo's Soldier F: Nice, this is great! Itagaki Ryuuhei, you're awesome!
Maroudo's Soldier M: Whooaaahhh! I'm free!
Maroudo's Soldier N: Me too! I've been unleashed!
Ryuuhei: Now, you can do whatever you want during the festival, but I've set up a bit of a side show.
Ryuuhei: I'll tell you the address later... But there's this abandoned building.
*He showed them a photo so everyone could see.*
Ryuuhei: There's a plant growing in its basement. I want it burned!
Ryuuhei: Whoever does it gets a bonus 500,000 yen!
*A stir ran through the beasts at the news.*
Maroudo's Soldier C: What? You want us t'burn a plant?!
Maroudo's Soldier D: 500,000 yen, just for that? Seriously?!
Maroudo's Soldier E: Then I'll go light it up!
Ryuuhei: Of course, you're free to say 'screw that' and riot wherever you want.
Maroudo's Soldier V: I-I can't wait any longer!
Maroudo's Soldier W: Heh heh. I'm gonna eat up any hot girls I see walkin' around.
Maroudo's Soldier X: I wanna rip people off for all they're worth!
Ryuuhei: Now, let the Carnival begin!
Ryuuhei: Fuck this city up!
*The beasts roared their joyous response, then ran off into the heart of Kawakami.*
Angel: Oh yeah! Time for us to fuck shit up too!
Tatsuko: I'm going to go take back Yamato-kun!
Ami: Then maybe I'll follow after Tatsu.
*Thus did the army of rioters set out to attack the city.*
*--Several minutes earlier, at the secret base.*
Tadakatsu: Looks like the enemy's startin' to move.
Shouichi: Okay! Then that means the Carnival's coming up fast.
Tadakatsu: They've already taken out a bunch of police cars, and a good-sized group's stormin' the inner city.
Shouichi: Sweet, then let's move out!
*Capt rose to his feet.*
Shouichi: Everybody ready?!
Yamato: You've each got key roles to play. I'm counting on you!
Yamato: Anyone who needs a weapon, grab it!
*Everyone nodded.*
Shouichi: All right! Kazama Family, move out!
Chris: My wounds have healed.
Chris: I shall annihilate the rioters who have given themselves over to violence.
Kazuko: We won't let them have their way with our city!
Yukie: Let's go, to protect our friends!
Miyako: ...I'm just doing what Yamato wants.
Momoyo: I'll round up and take out everyone who pisses me off!
Tadakatsu: I just want quiet nights again...
Shouichi: Let's exterminate those evildoers. Go go go go!
*We all departed from the secret base.*
*Kazuko, Chris, and Yukie all ran off separately.*
Yamato: I'm counting on you three.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. Now, time to fight our way to the Child Palace.
Tadakatsu: Ain't gonna be a place Aoi will wanna be more than there.
Miyako: Yamato, I'll be right behind you.
Yamato: Good. Keep an eye out for me, you two.
Yamato: Just you wait, Aoi Touma!
Takuya: Everyone's doing their best.
Takuya: I'll be collecting data here, so...
Tadakatsu: You worked your butt off for us during the day, dammit.
Tadakatsu: Didn't know you had it in you... Moro.
Takuya: Huh?
Tadakatsu: So now, your place is here.
Takuya: Y-Yeah.
*So began our long night...*
*The theatre on the top floor of the Child Palace.*
*It was Touma's base of operations.*
*He planned to aggressively deal drugs here, once it opened.*
Jun: ...Look. There's columns of flames out in the distance.
Koyuki: Wow! You're right! They're so pretty!
Jun: The Carnival must be getting into full gear.
Touma: But here, isn't it so quiet?
Jun: Because we're the only ones here.
Touma: I'm sure Ryuuhei is having quite the good time.
Touma: His wish was to be as violent as his instincts desire.
Jun: Right now, the city's gotta be in complete chaos.
Koyuki: But absolutely positively none of that matters.
Touma: ...Quite so. The flames have already...
Touma: ...Yamato-kun should be making his move.
Touma: Jun, I leave my protection to you.
Jun: What do we do if that Mayuzumi Yukie comes this way?
Touma: That is why we have Shakadou-san.
Touma: Let their Joker face ours.
Jun: But we have two Jokers... What about the second?
Touma: That one I have let pick their timing according to the situation on the ground.
Touma: I daresay that person will prove effective.
Touma: So then, Yamato-kun, how will you press your attack? Heh heh.
Jun: You look like you're enjoying yourself, Young Master.
Touma: And you seem to be having no fun at all.
Jun: ...Not one bit.
Jun: But you've made your choice, Young Master. I'll follow you.
Touma: Thank you very much.
Touma: ...So then, shall we literally observe from on high...
Touma: ...this valuable real-world experiment in mob psychology?
Jun: ...Yeah.
*--Tama Bridge.*
*An army of rioters flooded the bridge on their way to the Family's secret base.*
Maroudo's Soldier T: Hah ha ha! 500 grand! 500 grand!
Maroudo's Soldier U: The abandoned building's this way, right?!
Maroudo's Soldier V: I'm gonna burn it all!
*The rioters rushed across the bridge, each trying to be the first across.*
*All under the watchful eyes of one person who'd climbed atop the bridge.*
Chris: What wretched beings you are.
Chris: You truly are beasts.
*Despite her scornful words, she let them pass.*
*Dozens of people -- a mass of beasts -- crossed that bridge.*
*Those beasts could not be allowed to burn the agave.*
Tatsuko: Heh heh heh. Wait for me, Yamato-kun.
Ami: Tatsu, you really fell for him hard, huh.
*One minute after the main force...*
*The two sisters arrived and idly strolled across the now-empty bridge.*
Chris: (They truly do seek the secret base.)
Chris: (The mission bequeathed to me was to eliminate one of the three sisters.)
Chris: There are two here... But that matters not!
*She soared down from her perch.*
Ami: ......!!!
Tatsuko: ......!!!
Chris: I, Christiane Friedrich, have come unannounced!
Chris: My sword of justice shall fall upon you heinous fiends!
Ami: ... Heh heh. You're armed today. Well isn't that interesting?
Tatsuko: Don't be like that. I just wanna see Yamato-kun!
Tatsuko: So let me through!
*Tatsuko darted forward, tried to tackle Chris.*
Chris: Too slow!
*She crashed her knee into Tatsuko's outstretched head.*
Tatsuko: Ooh.
Tatsuko: ...O-Oooh, it hurts.
*She rolled around on the ground.*
Tatsuko: It hurts, Ami. Oooh.
Ami: Oh, Tatsu, you poor thing.
Ami: Just watch. I'll avenge you...
Chris: I had hoped for the chance to fight you again, Itagaki Ami.
Ami: Chris... What a coincidence. So have I!
Ami: First, once I've made it so you can't fight back anymore, I'll rip off your nails.
Ami: And then I'll toss you, defenseless and naked, in the middle of the wild beasts.
Ami: Then what do you suppose will happen? Heh heh...
Chris: Is that all?
Ami: Huh?
Chris: Have you finished attempting to annoy me?
Ami: Mmph.
Chris: Let this be a lesson to you, Itagaki Ami.
Chris: The will of a knight does not bow before such ridiculous threats!
Ami: ...Bwaha! You have such a one-track mind, it's almost refreshing.
Ami: This will be fun. Let's go, Chris! Just try to block my staff!
Chris: I stand ready, Itagaki Ami!
*--In front of the station, Kinryuu Street.*
*Some twenty beasts also marched on here.*
Maroudo's Soldier O: Heheheh. There's tons of expensive shit here in the shopping district.
Maroudo's Soldier P: C'mon, let's get some cash.
Angel: I'm gonna break the whole fuckin' showcase.
Maroudo's Soldier G: Oh yeah! Let's DESTROY this shop!
Bookstore Owner: Like hell I'll let you do that, ya idiot!
Bookstore Owner: Dynamic Bookstore Chop! (He karate-chopped him with a book.)
Maroudo's Soldier G: Gwahh!
Maroudo's Soldier P: Huh? What the hell was that, you bastard?!
Bookstore Owner: Bookstore Guard! (He used a book as a shield.)
Bookstore Owner: Kinryuu Street Self-Defense Force, move out!
*Workers from every store had banded together.*
Maroudo's Soldier P: Whoa. Damn, there's a fuckton of people here.
Bookstore Owner: We ain't letting you take out our shopping district, ya idiots!
Maroudo's Soldier P: Th-These guys are...
Angel: You killin' my fun!
Maroudo's Soldier P: Ugh!
Angel: Don't shit your pants over a bunch of old men!
Angel: Wanna play golf with me, you fogies?
Kazuko: Wait right therrrreeee!
Angel: Oh?
Kazuko: I'm Kawakami Kazuko, of the Kawakami Temple!
Kazuko: And I'm ready for action!
Angel: Whoa there!
Angel: You just showed up and you already tryin' to fuck me up? You got spunk, girl!
Kazuko: My mission is to eliminate one of the three Itagaki sisters!
Angel: Huh?
Kazuko: Yamato said your greed would take you to the shopping district.
Angel: You lost me, but step one's obvious. I execute you.
Angel: I'm Itagaki Angel!
Kazuko: ...'Angel'?
Angel: Don't get hung up on that, you fucker!
*She swung her golf club at Kazuko.*
Kazuko: Whoa. That's a ton of swings...
Kazuko: But you're sloppy!
Angel: Whoa?!
*Kazuko nimbly swept at her feet.*
Angel: Ouch! You cut me?! Ah, I'm bleeding!
Kazuko: My naginata's blade is live steel. I won't show you any mercy!
Angel: Heh heh. This game's gonna be fun!
Kazuko: You can't beat me with a golf club!
Angel: You think so?! Well, you dead wrong!
Angel: Tada! Here's my flowing-water stance: U-Form!
Kazuko: So... what?!
*Angel parried Kazuko's slash with her golf club.*
Angel: Take this! Angelic Devil Kick!
Kazuko: Whoa there! Your move's name is too long!
Kazuko: One more time, naginata!
Angel: And parry! Then kick!
Kazuko: Ah... She grazed me.
*Theirs was a back-and-forth battle.*
Kazuko: Your golf club moves... You're not supposed to be swinging it, right?
Kazuko: Isn't it usually more of a defensive style?
Angel: Bingo. That's why it's golf-defense.
Kazuko: Wow, that's really good to know.
Angel: But once your foe's on her back, there ain't no better followup whammy.
Angel: You pretend her head's a ball, and you swing on through.
Kazuko: Ugh. That sounds painful.
Angel: Yeah. You gotta have a proper swing too, like in real golf.
Angel: ...Anywho, you said your name was Kawakami Kazuko?
Angel: Master Shakadou told me about you. He said you're a hard worker.
Kazuko: Wahaha. You're making me blush.
Angel: Well, you ask me...
Angel: Workin' hard's for losers. You just wind up sweaty.
Kazuko: ...What did you say?
Angel: I know a way simpler way to get strong.
*She took a capsule out of her pocket.*
Angel: This ain't gonna take long... *gulp gulp*
Kazuko: Hey, what are you taking?!
Angel: Somethin' like a stimulant,: you bitch!
Kazuko: Wah! She's even more aggressive?!
Angel: Yahoo! It's the end of the world!
Kazuko: Darn you!
Angel: Now that I'm high, I don't give a shit about your stupid blade!
*She bashed her golf club into the naginata, knocking it out of the way.*
Kazuko: Wah...
Angel: Right? This way's way easier.
Angel: Lemme run up the score: Extra medicine! Ahh-mpfh.
Kazuko: You're insane...
Angel: *gulp*
Angel: Yahoo! Another level-up!
Kazuko: Ugh!
*With a savage blow, Angel knocked Kazuko off her feet.*
Angel: Oh yeah! Say your prayers, you worm!
*Angel edged ever closer, a gleeful look on her face.*
*--In front of Kawakami Station.*
Maroudo's Soldier H: That car looks expensive! Let's blow it up!
Maroudo's Soldier I: Any hot chicks out there?!
Maroudo's Soldier J: Hey, that's...
Policeman: There's so many of them! We need more reinforcements!
*The police had noticed all the delinquents coming into town. They'd staffed heavily going into tonight.*
Maroudo's Soldier T: Tch. There's too many cops in the heart of the city!
Maroudo's Soldier U: Then let's scatter!
*--Along the Tama River*
Yamato: They must've been surprised by how many cops there were inside the city.
Tadakatsu: Good job tippin' them off. That oughta split them up.
Tadakatsu: Now there's just the fights with each group.
Miyako: But that's for others! We need to keep heading for the Child Palace!
Maroudo's Soldier 7: Oh, my! What a nice boy we have here.
Maroudo's Soldier 8: Setagaya Ladies, want to take him?
Maroudo's Soldier 9: Out of the way, bitch! Show us your dicks, boys!
Yamato: Female rioters?!
Miyako: One apiece!
Tadakatsu: Ready, and--
Miyako: Haaaahhhhhh!
*We'd lined up abreast and, on his mark, kicked out at the same time.*
Maroudo's Soldier 7: Hagh!
Maroudo's Soldier 8: Higgh!
Maroudo's Soldier 9: Igh!
*We cleanly sent them tumbling.*
Yamato: I'm glad you're on our side.
Miyako: My mission is to guard you, Yamato.
Miyako: But even so, what sort of tactician infiltrates enemy territory himself?
Yamato: I want to punish Aoi Touma myself, after all.
Tadakatsu: Ain't nothin' wrong with that. We gotta crush the enemy's head.
Tadakatsu: ...But that said, let's wipe out as many rioters as we can along the way!
*I made my way towards the enemy base, knowing I had people I could trust at my sides.*
*--The Italian shopping district.*
Passerby B: Eeek! Who are these people?!
Passerby A: Wahhhh, Mama! Mama!
Maroudo's Soldier X: Oh, aren't you a pretty little thing?
Maroudo's Soldier L: Doing a MILF in front of her kid don't sound half-bad.
Kosugi: Keep your hands to yourself! Premium Kick!
Maroudo's Soldier L: Ogh?!
Maroudo's Soldier X: Who the fuck are you?!
Kikkawa: We're the Volunteer Street Defense Team Alpha from Kawakami Academy.
Kobayakawa: We won't let you do as you please.
*Dozens of students blocked the rioters' way.*
Maroudo's Soldier X: You fuckers were ready for us?
Kosugi: Someone named Morooka was running around preaching about you guys. We made sure to be premium ready, just in case.
Kosugi: With this highlighted on my record, I shall become the Student Council President for sure! This is what premium ambition looks like!
Maroudo's Soldier X: Hey! Don't underestimate us!
Kosugi: Oh, we're not.
*She grabbed the delinquent's fist and wrenched.*
Maroudo's Soldier X: Yeeouuucchh! Y-You're that strong?!
Kosugi: While you were slacking off, I was training my premium body through sports!
Murakami: I don't plan on losing to pipsqueaks like you in a fair fight.
Kosugi: Premium Jewel Smasher!
Maroudo's Soldier X: Gyaaaahhhhhh! My balls...
Kosugi: Now then, everyone, let us subdue them all!
Murakami: You're not in charge here, Freshman!
*The Street Defense Team, with its superior numbers, held back the rioters.*
*Suddenly...*
Dark Cookie 2: Oh, look at how much prey there is here.
Kosugi: That's... the Kuki Corporation's guard robots!
Murakami: Normally, you'd be with us, with the Kawakami Academy...
Murakami: But it seems I heard right. You are being controlled by the enemy.
Dark Cookie 2: Now, I shall slice and dice you to my heart's content!
Kikkawa: Hey, it's charging this way!
*At that moment.*
Yukie: I won't let you!
Dark Cookie 2: Mmn?!
*Mayuzumi Yukie practically flew in and cut off the robot's attack.*
Yukie: My mission is the destruction of all Dark Cookies!
Dark Cookie 2: Who... Who are you?
Cookie 3: We're just allies of justice passing on through. And don't you forget it.
De Niro: Dammit, stop taking all of the good lines!
Matsukaze: Yo, robots! I told you to be quiet!
Dark Cookie 2: My samurai girl sensor has activated. Interesting, I hadn't expected it to prove useful.
Yukie: I, Mayuzumi Yukie, shall be your opponent.
Dark Cookie 2: Let us fight! It shall be a battle for the ages.
Dark Cookie 2: ...Huh? Why has my vision inverted?
Yukie: I'm afraid I've already cut you in half.
Dark Cookie 2: You... What?!
Kosugi: Huh? Y-Your strength is that premium?!
Cookie 3: Next one's that way, at your 10 o'clock!
De Niro: Yeah, there's no mistakin' it!
Yukie: I couldn't do this without your radar.
Cookie 3: Aww, you're making me blush.
De Niro: And you got me and my second opinion.
Matsukaze: Things 'round here are gettin' a bit too chaotic for this horse.
Yukie: There's still so many machines left to destroy... Let's hurry!
Kosugi: Ah...! She left...
Kobayakawa: Well, even so, I think we can handle the rest by ourselves.
Kikkawa: I wonder if everyone in Team Bravo are doing all right.
*--Kawakami Academy.*
*It too was under attack by the rioters.*
*However, Kawakami Academy Volunteer Defense Squad Team Bravo were ready and waiting.*
*Rioters prowled about on their motorcycles.*
Maroudo's Soldier A: I hate school... I'm gonna tear the place apart.
Maroudo's Soldier B: I'm gonna drive my bike straight down the hallways!
Maroudo's Soldier B: Gaahh! My front wheel just blew?!
Maroudo's Soldier A: Hey, what's wrong? Whoa, they're shooting arrows?!
*Arrowheads pierced tire after tire, rendering the bikes useless.*
Yumiko: All right. And we didn't hit the riders with even a single shot!
Umeko: True. Excellent sharpshooting, Captain.
Yumiko: Same to you. You're not our advisor for nothing.
Yumiko: However, this time, I see they're marching straight towards our academy.
Umeko: I fear so. I'll prepare for melee combat.
Yumiko: And I... will support you.
Yumiko: My heart's racing, but I have to do my best.
Yumiko: After all, this is everyone's school!
Yumiko: But still, I can't believe this is really happening.
Takuya: Rioters high on drugs are coming this way!
Takuya: They're overdosing on Utopia, the drug everyone's been talking about!
Takuya: We all have to be ready to defend ourselves!
Yumiko: ...Good thing we listened to Morooka and prepared for a fight.
Maroudo's Soldier A: Fucking hell. Let's just march straight in.
Maroudo's Soldier B: I'm gonna smash shit up with my bat.
Club Captain Kyougoku: So this is the stench I smelled. A pack of beasts.
Maroudo's Soldier B: Who the hell are you? I'll use my bat to split your head wide open!
Club Captain Kyougoku: A bold claim. And yet, is what you hold in truth actually a bat?
Club Captain Kyougoku: Or is it perhaps a fish-paste chikuwa?
Maroudo's Soldier B: Oh come on. Do you think I'm stupid enough to-- Whoaaa! Why the fuck am I holding a chikuwa?!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Student Council President, I have neutralized the enemy.
Koppou Club Captain: Koppou Club de KILL THEM ALL!
Maroudo's Soldier 6: Who do you think you're talking to? Go get 'em!
*The rioters and members of the Koppou Club met head-on.*
Club Captain Kyougoku: Street Defense Squad Team Bravo, force them back!
Koppou Club Captain: YEEEEHAAWWWWW!
Maroudo's Soldier 6: The hell? They weren't this strong a second a--Wah!
Club Captain Kyougoku: Cheering is a form of mantra. I multiply their strength.
Club Captain Kyougoku: ...But I suppose there is little point in explaining a mantra to a beast.
Maroudo's Soldier A: Huff, huff. Damn, this school's fuckin' OP. Let's scram!
Umeko: I can't allow that. This festival's been so long in the making. Think of how everyone else would feel if you ran away on your own.
Umeko: You're under arrest!
Maroudo's Soldier A: Gaaahhh!
Umeko: Maybe I should go take care of the ones who are still scattered outside...
Umeko: Yes, let's switch from defense to offense!
Yumiko: Whoa... She's just so amazing with her whip.
Yumiko: Ahh... We were able to defend the school with room to spare.
Yumiko: Still, you'd think the rioters would have something better to do with their time.
Yumiko: They could be spending time cooking food for their family or friends, but instead, here they are.
*--Nakamise Way.*
*Here had gathered an especially large pack of rioters.*
Maroudo's Soldier Z: Hahaha! I've found me a cute one!
Chika: Wah! You're like, seriously disgusting!
Gail: Hmph!
Maroudo's Soldier Z: Gwah!
Gail: You may rest easy, young lady.
Chika: Th-Thank you.
Mem XXIII: Yes, for in this shopping district that leads to the Kawakami Temple...
Nya-Nya: Are some of the strongest warriors in the world!
Ricardo: It is time for us to repay the Temple for the courtesy they showed us.
Sergei: DEFEAT ENEMY, PROTECT STORES!
Chika: Ahaha. The Kawakami Temple's sent us stronger reinforcements than we could've hoped for.
Chika: Though from over here, they kind of look like a bunch of weirdos...
*They were elite warriors hand-picked from all over the world. The rioters never even had a chance.*
Nya-Nya: Ah!
*Before the word was out of her mouth, they had suppressed the rioters.*
Maroudo's Soldier Z: Wh-what's with these guys? They're too fucking strong!
Sergei: RUSSIA GREATEST. I'M GREATEST!
*Meanwhile, the ladies were fighting their own battle.*
Maroudo's Soldier 2: We hooligans are good in a fight!
Maroudo's Soldier 3: Like hell we're losing to the girls of Kawakami!
Maroudo's Soldier 4: C'mon, come at us from wherever you want!
Haguro: Sound fun! I'll, like, fuckin' destroy you!
Maroudo's Soldier 2: Who the fuck are you, you ugly bitch?!
Haguro: Asian Mist! Psshaawwww!
Maroudo's Soldier 2: G-Gaaahhhh!
Maroudo's Soldier 3: Damn you--gah!
*Haguro's blazing lariat ended the fight.*
Haguro: Don't underestimate a wrestler's daughter!
Maroudo's Soldier 4: Shit, we gotta run.
Haguro: You ain't gettin' anywhere! Like, I got you now!
Haguro: GERMAN SUPLEX!
Maroudo's Soldier 4: Oof...
Haguro: YES! I'M BLUE CYCLONE!
Chika: You are so having way too much fun with this.
Sergei: THAT HAGURO GIRL PRETTY!
Gail: I... I'm not sure I'd agree with that.
Ricardo: Personally, I think Nya-Nya-tan is cute.
Mem XXIII: The Eyes of God make eyes at little girls? May Heaven strike you down.
Nya-Nya: Things must be rough at the Kawakami Temple right now too.
*--Kawakami Temple.*
*There wasn't even a single rioter trying to force their way in here.*
*Or rather, there were none who could make their way through the elite squads posted in the shopping districts.*
*In their place was a steady flow of injured brought in for treatment.*
*Civilian volunteers were helping deal with the influx.*
Mitsuru: Okay, food's ready.
Mayo: I'll go distribute it.
Mitsuru: I worked hard to make it as tasty as possible.
Iyo: Then I'll go apply bandages.
Iyo: I'm not the baseball team's manager for nothing.
Iyo: Leave it to me... There, and there.
Iyo: But still, there's so many people...
Iyo: And there's so many more still fighting... I hope they're safe.
Iyo: Especially you, Mayucchi...
*--In front of the secret base.*
*Nearly a hundred rioters flooded the streets, all seeking the bounty to burn the agave.*
Maroudo's Soldier T: We get \500,000 just to burn the place!
Maroudo's Soldier U: Let's light 'er up!
*That agave meant the world to us.*
*So I did what I had to do...*
Maroudo's Soldier V: Hm? What's this line drawn in the dirt?
Momoyo: Oh that? It marks the border between this world and the next.
*I placed the Goddess of War here, creating an impregnable fortress.*
Momoyo: Cross that line and I'll make you wish that you'd never been born.
Maroudo's Soldier V: K-K-K-K-Kawakami Momoyo?!
Maroudo's Soldier U: Hey, weren't you too hurt to even move?
Momoyo: Sounds like we'll be having fun all night long.
Momoyo: I will protect our base... Come on, try me.
Maroudo's Soldier T: S-Stay strong, guys! There's a hundred of us!
Maroudo's Soldier V: Yeah! I ain't scared of just one girl!
Maroudo's Soldier U: Let's do this! ROAAARRRR!
*The hundred rioters crossed the line and attacked.*
Momoyo: Hah hah hah! Yes, you know how to please a girl!
Momoyo: ...Aoi Touma! I figure you're watching from somewhere up high.
Momoyo: Enjoy the show! I wouldn't want you to miss the fireworks!
Momoyo: KA  WA  KA  MI
Momoyo:  HAAA!!!
Maroudo's Soldier T: Huh...... Look at the wave of light.
Maroudo's Soldier V: Wow. It's so beautiful......
*While the invaders stood in awe...*
*Momoyo's burning blast of light charred their bodies to an ash-like color.*
Maroudo's Soldier U: ...*cough*......
*They fell where they stood.*
Takuya: Wow... That was like a Gunyom Colony Laser.
Momoyo: That felt great. I held back so they should live, but they'll have nightmares about today for the rest of their lives.
Momoyo: Here on out, I'm strictly on the defensive.
Momoyo: I'm not going anywhere. After all, I have to protect the base and the agave.
Momoyo: And protect Mororo, who's inside there.
Momoyo: In other words, if the offense can't get through, we can't win.
Momoyo: Wanko, everyone... go get 'em!
*--Inside Child Palace.*
Koyuki: Wow, it's so pretty. Look, look at the bright shiny thing!
Jun: Hey, Young Master? Have you spoken with your father recently?
Touma: Heavens no. I detest him.
Touma: But the more I hate him, the more I loathe myself.
Jun: With all you've accomplished, Young Master, I think he'll be proud of you.
Touma: ...I'm sure you are right.
Touma: Though I fear I would not be able to enjoy it.
Touma: ......
Koyuki: Oh, it's the old man!
Shakadou: Hey. Y'havin' fun, General?
Touma: Shakadou-san...
Jun: ......
Shakadou: Everyone outside's havin' a grand old time.
Touma: It appears that the brunt of the enemy's strength isn't coming this way.
Shakadou: Then if y'don't mind, I'm headin' out.
Touma: Yes, please join the attack.
Touma: You are one of my Jokers.
Touma: Thus, you must put a halt to the enemy Joker.
Touma: I ask that you take care of Mayuzumi Yukie, who has taken it upon herself to find and destroy the Dark Cookies.
Shakadou: Roger that. She was always supposed to be mine to take out.
Shakadou: So I'll be off. General, y'enjoy yourself back here.
Touma: I am having plenty of fun, I assure you.
Shakadou: ...You're givin' me that look again.
Shakadou: The wild spark'n your eyes? It's the same one I had'n mine when I was a kid.
Touma: Neither of us was given the environment we deserved to grow up in, were we?
Shakadou: Damn straight we weren't.
Shakadou: But we both finally get an outlet for all that anger... Hee hee.
Shakadou: Plus, our interests align...
Koyuki: Want a marshmallow?
Shakadou: Sure, maybe I'll take one.
Shakadou: Damn, this is good! Thanks. (He patted her head.)
Koyuki: Yay, yay!
Shakadou: Okay. Time to go rough her up!
Koyuki: Have a good trip!
*Shakadou jumped off of the roof of the Child Palace.*
Shakadou: Hah ha ha ha ha ha! Now things're gettin' fun!
*He trembled with joy at the anticipation of a good fight. His beastly howls echoed across the night sky.*
Touma: And so we unleash our cluster of chaos... Now the city will descend further into mayhem.
Touma: ...However, Shakadou is one of my friends... I wish him well.
*--Kinryuu Street, Kazuko vs. Angel*
Angel: Weak! Kawakami Kazuko, you're weak! 
*The full force of Angel's kick pounded into Kazuko's midsection.*
Kazuko: Gah-- *cough*
Angel: Time to finish you!
Kazuko: Not yet!
*Somehow, she managed to get her naginata in front of the golf club's downward swing.*
Angel: Argh! Stop fightin' back! That fuckin' naginata...
*She hooked the end of her golf club around the curved blade.*
Angel: It's mine now!
Kazuko: Ah! My weapon!
*Angel then swiped it away.*
Angel: It's all over! Get fucked, bitch!
*She swung her club.*
Kazuko: I'm not giving up yet!
*Kazuko smacked her hands together, catching the golf club mid-swing.*
Angel: Ah, you bitch! Let fuckin' g--
Kazuko: SEIYA!
*Still holding onto the club, she kicked her legs upward, snapping the weapon in two.*
Angel: Ah, my weapon!
Angel: I'm gonna fuckin' execute you! OM NOM NOM!
*She took even more medicine, further heightening her abilities.*
Angel: I can still fight bare-handed... Take this!
Kazuko: Ugh!
Angel: You're too badly hurt to stand a chance, girl. See?!
Kazuko: Hagh!
Angel: I got the advantage! Seyah! Roundhouse kick!
Kazuko: Wah!
Angel: C'mon, get down on your knees and get ready to get fucked.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... Not yet...
Angel: You stupid? There's nothin' you can do to win now.
Angel: Huh? Huh? Wh-What? Huh?!
Angel: Wh-What's happenin'? Why's my body shakin'?!
Angel: I can't see straight... What's goin' on?!
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Well, you see...
Kazuko: You've taken so many stimulants that, you know.
Angel: You gotta be kiddin'... Ooh, I feel sick...
Kazuko: I thought your phony strength couldn't last.
Kazuko: I hung in there, so I win! Ha!
Angel: Gwoh!
*Kazuko's punch sent Angel flying.*
Kazuko: So by and large, I don't really know anything about that medicine...
Kazuko: But an easy path to strength? That's too good to be true.
Angel: ...Kh!
Kazuko: Now think about what you've done! Kawakami Ultimate--
Angel: WAIT!
Kazuko: Scorpion Strike!
Angel: Gaaahhhhhhhh!
*The blow was a critical hit.*
Angel: Kah... ugh!
*Angel slumped to the ground, unconscious.*
Kazuko: ...*Huff, huff, huff... Ah
Kazuko: Yeah!
*And so Kawakami Kazuko brilliantly brought down Itagaki Angel.*
*--In front of the Child Palace.*
Shouichi: ...Here I am.
Shouichi: My mission's to strike targets of opportunity, to go where I want. So...
Shouichi: So I'll sneak on in here and go straight for their general's head.
Shouichi: Sorry, Yamato, but he's mine.
Jun: Whoa. Wait right there, Kazama.
Shouichi: Baldie...?
Jun: I didn't want to meet you like this.
Jun: I just wanted to keep clowning around in school.
Shouichi: Sounds like you have it rough over there.
Jun: I do. I don't want any part of this.
Shouichi: Then drop out.
Jun: It's not that simple!
Jun: The bonds of blood I'm stuck with... They tie me down.
Jun: Someone as unfettered as you could never understand.
Shouichi: Nope, none of that makes one bit of sense to me.
Shouichi: I'm going to bring down Touma.
Jun: Well, I can't let you do that.
Shouichi: Then, you're sayin' we're gonna fight? I'm strong. Fast, too.
Jun: Yeah. We're going to fight. ...But the truth is, me?
Jun: I'm super strong.
*The next thing Shouichi knew, a fist had slammed into his stomach.*
Shouichi: Huh?
*Jun was impossibly fast.*
*--The Tama Riverside.*
*We were cutting our way through the small fry as we headed towards our destination.*
*We simply walked along the riverbank.*
Tadakatsu: Hey! There's a group of rioters at 12 o'clock.
Miyako: There's twenty of them... Do we break through?!
Yamato: Nah, we'll have to go around... Wait, what's that?
Ryuuhei: Oh, if it ain't Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: Itagaki Ryuuhei?!
Miyako: A man's assaulting a man...?!: *blush*
Ryuuhei: This isn't the time to go cruising. Hey, get lost.
Stinson Look-alike: Ugh... You ripped open my ass...
Ryuuhei: Damn, the Carnival's fun -- I can fuck whoever I want!
Ryuuhei: Naoe Yamato! We're gonna have fun too!
*Ryuuhei and his gang gleefully approached us.*
Miyako: Itagaki Ryuuhei, the organizer of the Carnival...
Yamato: We've run into a real big shot... I thought he'd be with Touma.
Tadakatsu: ...You think takin' him out'll scare off some of the rest?
Yamato: Certainly. He is the de facto King of the Beasts.
Tadakatsu: Then you guys get goin'. I'll take care of Ryuuhei.
Yamato: There's no way you can beat him alone!
Tadakatsu: The whole plan was for me to handle him when we got to the Palace anyways.
Yamato: There's too many of them. Let me help.
Yamato: We're going to take advantage of the terrain. (I whispered in his ear.)
Tadakatsu: ...Got it. Ain't like we can stick around here anyways.
Ryuuhei: What're you whispering about?!
Ryuuhei: Don't leave me in the cold!
Yamato: Oh, quit it. Gen-san and I are trying to have a conversation here.
Ryuuhei: Kh kh kh... Yamato, you made Tatsu cry.
Ryuuhei: So I'm gonna beat the hell out of you and drag you back to her!
*Ryuuhei wound up his fist for a punch.*
Maroudo's Soldier H: Mweh heh heh! Why don't you play with us, missy?
Maroudo's Soldier I: We're gonna have so much fun!
Miyako: I'm stuck handling the small fry? ...But I do like when things are simple.
Maroudo's Soldier J: Time to dig in!
Miyako: Tch! Throw!
Maroudo's Soldier J: Gaahhhh!
Miyako: You know, I'm awfully strong today. I'm doped up on milk.
Ryuuhei: Hey! Quit runnin' away!
Yamato: His attacks are strong. Dodge them!
Tadakatsu: Damn hell I am!
*We backpedaled, luring Ryuuhei to a certain location.*
Ryuuhei: Don't tell me you think you can dodge forever!
Tadakatsu: When did he get so fast?! Geh...
*Gen-san was kicked off his feet.*
Yamato: ......!!!
*I rushed to his side.*
Yamato: Are you all right?
Tadakatsu: I got my right arm in front of it... It's numb, but I'll deal with it.
Ryuuhei: C'mon now. Enough playing tag!
Yamato: That's our line!
Tadakatsu: We were waitin' for you to come all the way to the bridge!
*The two of us rushed Ryuuhei.*
Ryuuhei: You weaklings! There could be a dozen of you and it'd still end the same!
*Ryuuhei fired off a quick attack.*
Yamato: Compared to Nee-san's attacks, you're as slow as molasses!
*I dodged with all my might.*
*While also taking out my secret weapon... a tiny pouch from deep in my pocket.*
Yamato: Eat pocket sand!
*I threw the blinding powder at his face.*
Ryuuhei: Ngh?!
Ryuuhei: Whoaaaaa! My eyes! My eyes!
Tadakatsu: Now!
*Gen-san slammed his fist into Ryuuhei.*
Ryuuhei: Gwah!
Tadakatsu: Guh... He's fightin' back even blind?
*Even as the blow hit him, Ryuuhei stood his ground and managed to land a strike of his own.*
Yamato: It sounded like something cracked... Gen-san?
Tadakatsu: I-I'll keep! But we can't miss our chance! Go!
Yamato: Yeah!
*The two of us sprinted forward and leapt at Ryuuhei.*
Ryuuhei: A cheap blinding attack... There, that's better!
Ryuuhei: I can see--
*See me and Gen-san flying at him.*
Yamato: Take...
Tadakatsu: ...This!
*Our flying kicks struck him at the exact same moment.*
Ryuuhei: Gwah!
*The double hit knocked him back a short distance.*
*However, there was no ground under his destination.*
Ryuuhei: Whoooaaaaa!
*Bellowed the beast as he fell into the river.*
Yamato: Okay, we've kicked him off the bridge.
*We were pretty high up. That had to have hurt.*
Maroudo's Soldier H: H-Hey, did you see that? They took out Ryuu-san.
Maroudo's Soldier I: Seriously? Sh-Shit! Let's run!
*Ryuuhei's followers scattered.*
Miyako: Awww. They ran away.
Miyako: I was going to take advantage of being in perfect form to take out all of them too... Wait. Huh?
Miyako: What's wrong?
Yamato: We won, but...
Tadakatsu: Guh... Ooh...
Yamato: Gen-san's right arm and ribs were broken.
Tadakatsu: Hilarious. One punch from each of us, and look at me...
Tadakatsu: No wonder he got all the gangs to listen to him... Gh... Go!
Yamato: Gen-san...
Tadakatsu: I ain't worth shit right now.
Tadakatsu: So go... Go to their base... and destroy them.
Yamato: ...Okay! We couldn't have made it this far without you.
Tadakatsu: No problem.
Miyako: Leave the rest to us.
Tadakatsu: Yeah...
Maroudo's Soldier H: ...?! (He was speechless.)
Maroudo's Soldier I: C'mon! We gotta get out of this city, fast!
Kyojin: Hey dudes. Mind if I say a few words?
Kyojin: Playing the villain, even if it was just an act? It takes a lot out of you. Those looks everyone gave me were just--
Maroudo's Soldier I: Quit your grumbling!
Kyojin: I'm not finished!
*The rioters tried to flee, but Kyojin held them in place.*
Kyojin: I really can't let you run. I need to round you all up at once, you see.
Kyojin: ...Hm? What's that?
*A familiar machine descended from the sky.*
Dark Cookie 3: You, too, are my enemy.
Kyojin: Dammit... You got yourselves hacked already?
Kyojin: You won't listen to a word we say... Which means you're useless.
Dark Cookie 3: Are you mocking me?!
*But its head had already been separated from its body.*
Yukie: Sorry!
Dark Cookie 3: How... could this... be...?
Cookie 3: Right on! Next one's that a-way!
Yukie: Understood!
De Niro: Let's keep up the pressure!
Kyojin: Ahh... The whole city's turned into one big battle royale, at this point.
*--On the Tama Bridge, Itagaki Ami vs. Chris.*
*Theirs was a drawn-out battle.*
Chris: Seigh!
Ami: I told you, it's so slow it looks still to me.
Chris: You again blocked my thrust with your staff?!
Ami: Obviously!
Chris: Ugh...
*She blocked with her staff, then slashed in with a kick.*
*A kick Chris blocked, and then she retreated.*
Chris: (Kh, she is truly strong!)
Tatsuko: You two keep doing the same thing over and over again...
Tatsuko: Ami, you're playing around... Ahh... My head still hurts too.
Ami: I get the feeling my staff's... a little... bit... better!
Chris: Ah!
*She desperately evaded Ami's barrage.*
Chris: Huff... Huff...
Ami: Hahaha! Yes, that look on your face is thrilling.
Chris: Are you intent on playing around, rather than end the fight given the chance?!
Ami: I'm not playing around, but I am having fun.
Chris: You have such tremendous ability...
Chris: Yet you would mock our match?!
Ami: Too weak!
*She leisurely blocked Chris's counterattack with her staff.*
Ami: Look. This is how you thrust!
Chris: Ugh?!
*She viciously struck Chris in the stomach.*
Chris: Ugh... *cough* *cough*
*Chris fell to her knees.*
Ami: Heh heh. You've grown weak, prey. But we're not done yet.
Ami: I mean, the rapier restricts you to just thrusts.
Ami: But with a staff you can thrust, or sweep, or spin.
*She said, spinning her staff in the air to demonstrate.*
Ami: I can use it however I want!
Chris: ...The thrust is all I need.
Ami: Hm?
Chris: It pains me to admit it, but I struggle at tasks with the slightest complexity.
Chris: So the rapier, which can only stab straight ahead, fits me perfectly.
Ami: Heh heh. I see. That would be your style.
Chris: Accordingly, I can focus all of my energy directly forwards...
Chris: And unleash it!
Ami: Which, again, means nothing if I block--
*Then Ami heard a snap. She spotted its source: a crack in her staff.*
Ami: Whaaat?! My weapon!
Chris: Repeatedly attacking the same location has borne fruit!
*Ami's staff had broken in two.*
Ami: Tch... Where's my spare staff?
Chris: Do you think I will let you fetch it? You are mine!
*She charged forth with her rapier, fast as a bullet.*
Chris: Haahhhhhhhhhhh!
Ami: Gaaaahhhhhhh!
*The blow slammed Ami backwards and into one of the bridge's pillars.*
Tatsuko: Ah, Ami.
Ami: ...Gh... *cough*... You broke... my left collarbone...?
Chris: I suspect you will not be able to swing a weapon for some time.
Ami: Kh... Things have gone south for me... Very south.
Tatsuko: Ami, are you all right?
Kazuko: Whoa! I'm here to meet up!
Chris: Oh, Dog.
Kazuko: I just finished taking care of Itagaki Angel.
Ami: ...Huff, huff. What? Angel's out, too?
Chris: I have managed to eliminate these two here.
Kazuko: Oh, then I guess you don't need any help after all.
Chris: The three Itagaki sisters have been defeated.
Ami: ...*cough* heh, heh, ahahahaha!
Chris: What's so funny?
Ami: No, you're right. I can't fight anymore, and it would seem Angel's in a similar state.
Ami: However... there's three of us... and don't you forget it.
Kazuko: What's your point?
Ami: Tatsu.
Tatsuko: Hm?
Ami: --You can go all-out.
Kazuko: What are you saying?
Chris: ...? Dog, be on your guard. Something about her seems strange.
Tatsuko: ......
Kazuko: Huh?
Tatsuko: ...Ahhhhh.
Ami: Out of all of us sisters, Tatsu is the one with the most potential. She's the most dangerous.
Tatsuko: Haaaahhh...
Ami: When she snaps, she can't tell friend from enemy, so I'm always holding her back.
Tatsuko:  HAAAAHHHHHHH!
Kazuko: What?!
Chris: What... is she...?!
*The two looked on with dread at the explosive growth in her combat power.*
Tatsuko: ...Need a weapon... Found one!
Kazuko: This is bad!
Chris: Dodge it!
*The pair promptly retreated.*
*But Tatsuko had already cut them off.*
Tatsuko: Waaaahhhhh!
*Tatsuko swung the bus stop sign into the ground, and the ground shook before the blow.*
Momoyo: An earthquake?! And who does that colossal aura belong to?
Momoyo: It's not Ageha-san, but it is someone on her level...
Chris: ...Whoa... Dog, are you all right?!
Kazuko: Ah, oww... I think my leg's broken...
Chris: Then you are completely beat up?!
Kazuko: I just figured it out. She's the person who beat Messi at the Blue Skies Coliseum!
Tatsuko: Waahhhh!
*She turned to ram Chris. There was no stopping her.*
Chris: Dog, get out of the--Ack!
*Tatsuko hit Chris with the force of a truck, causing her to tumble through the air.*
Tatsuko: *Roaaarrrr!*
*Her war cry echoed across Kawakami.*
Yukie: ...What is this impossible aura?
Yukie: It's not Shakadou's...
Matsukaze: You sayin' there's someone else here in Kawakami on that level?!
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun... Yamato-kun... Yamato-kun... Yamato-kun... Yamato-kun.
Tatsuko: Wait for me...
Tatsuko: I'M COMING FOR YOOUUUUU!
*She sprinted across the bridge.*
Kazuko: What... is with her...?
*However, she was heading towards the secret base.*
Kazuko: It's up to you, Onee-sama...
Kazuko: But her ki was so over the top...
Kazuko: If you let your guard down, even you might be in trouble.
Kazuko: Oooh... I can't... move my leg.
*Tatsuko's single blow had rendered her leg immobile.*
*Just a single blow, not even a direct hit, had knocked it out of commission.*
Kazuko: Kuri, are you okay?!
Kazuko: She's gone... Geez, how far did that hit knock her?
*--Kawakami City Hospital.*
*The nurses were fervently rushing from patient to patient.*
*There was no end to the people being brought in.*
*What's going on in the city?*
*A worry shared by everyone within the hospital.*
Gakuto: ...Hey, hey... looks like one heck... of a deathmatch out there.
*His heart was heavy with the thoughts of the friends fighting outside.*
Gakuto: What can I do right now...
Gakuto: There may be somethin' I can do to help!
*He couldn't sit back and do nothing.*
*--Child Palace.*
Yamato: ...We made it...
Miyako: This... is the place of our final battle.
*The place looked unrefined.*
Miyako: I can't sense anyone here, Yamato.
Yamato: That's a hundred times better than things being insane here...
*I texted a certain someone a quick message.*
Yamato: And... there. The time is right... Let's go!
Miyako: Mm-hm!
*And so we stormed the gates of Aoi Touma's castle.*
*--In front of the secret base.*
*Over two hundred rioters now lay unconscious beside Momoyo.*
Momoyo: I love how they keep coming, but is it that much to ask for them to not be so pathetic?
Momoyo: So then, I should probably go greet my guest.
Tatsuko: Huff, huff, huff...
Tatsuko: Where's... Yamato-kun?
Momoyo: Were you the source of that earthquake just now?
Momoyo: You've sure got a hell of a fighting spirit... But mine's better.
Tatsuko: Where's Yamato?
Momoyo: ...You're the one who was doing all those things with my lil' bro in the cellphone pictures.
Tatsuko: Hm?
Momoyo: He's my brother, and he belongs to me. Now shoo! Shoo!
Tatsuko: ...Yamato-kun...
Momoyo: Yamato wants to be with us, not you. Hahaha.
Tatsuko: That can't be true!
*The aura that Tatsuko was cloaked in grew even bigger.*
Momoyo: What the heck...?
*Behind her was Ami, who had managed to stagger after her sister.*
Ami: ...Heh heh... That's the Goddess of War, the strongest... Go take her out, Tatsu.
Ami: I can't help you, but I can watch over you...
*--Child Palace, top floor.*
Touma: Welcome.
Koyuki: Wow! Heya.
Miyako: Heya.
*Koyuki moved towards us. Miyako got out in front to protect me.*
Koyuki: ...Ooh hoo.
Miyako: ......
Touma: You came all this way for me? I am positively flattered, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: I thought I'd torment you.
Touma: Torment me? My heart races at the thought... But how?
Yamato: By presenting you with how your Carnival has failed.
Touma: Oh?
Yamato: According to the information I gathered before climbing up here...
Yamato: The majority of the rioters have been driven off by various volunteer militias.
Yamato: All three of the Itagaki sisters have fallen.
Yamato: And I drove Itagaki Ryuuhei into the river myself.
Yamato: As for the berserk Dark Cookies, Mayucchi is taking care of them as we speak.
Yamato: Besides, we've still got Capt.
Touma: ...Oh?
Yamato: Capt's mission was to attack targets of opportunity. Plus, he's the sort of guy who always comes through in a pinch.
Yamato: And I hope you'll be surprised to learn that my sister, Kawakami Momoyo, is already in prime condition.
Touma: ...And?
Yamato: You've played the villain long enough.
Yamato: Surrender, and move beyond this petty villainy.
Touma: I'm afraid I cannot do that.
Koyuki: No can do!
Touma: Yuki, remember what I asked?
Koyuki: Time to do the mission!
Koyuki: Naoe Ya-mato 
Koyuki: I'll crush you.
Miyako: Yamato!
*She rushed between me and Koyuki.*
*The two began throwing punches.*
Koyuki: You're in my way!
Miyako: I'm not going anywhere.
Koyuki: YOU'RE IN MY WAY!
Miyako: I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE!
*Miyako specialized in ranged combat. That she was able to go toe-to-toe with Sakakibara Koyuki in melee combat...*
*...must have been because of my semen. Yep. That had to be it.*
Touma: It seems the two of you have reached a stalemate.
Touma: Then Yamato-kun, I think perhaps I will torment you in turn.
Yamato: Oh? How?
Touma: To begin, with a tale that began long, long ago.
Touma: The tale of the girl by my side, Sakakibara Koyuki.
Koyuki: Yay!
Touma: Her mother was simply the worst woman who ever lived.
Touma: She abused her daughter most harshly.
Touma: She would inflict violence on her child, would ignore her.
Touma: And yet, the daughter struggled to live...
Touma: Hoping that one say her mother would come to love her.
Touma: But she, and another girl like her, saw a most beautiful sight -- a group of boys and girls.
Touma: ...They were the Kazama Family as they played in the empty lot.
Yamato: What?
Miyako: ...What are you talking about?
Touma: Day after day she suffered abuse. Her heart was sure to break.
Touma: The only method she could think of to prevent that was to make friends.
Touma: So she called out to the Kazama Family, whom she had watched from afar and yearned to be with.
Touma: Clasped tightly in her hand was a bag of her favorite sweets, marshmallows.
Touma: She hoped that, by sharing her marshmallows, she could become friends with everyone.
Touma: So she did the best she could, put on a smile, and offered her sweets.
Yamato: Wait, you don't mean...
*The memory was faint, but it was there.*
*We'd been horsing around in the field.*
Koyuki: It looks like you're having fun. Can I join?
Yamato: (Capt's not here right now, so I'll just turn her down.)
Yamato: Sorry, but we're full.
*We hadn't sought to expand our group.*
*After all, we'd had plenty of fun as we were.*
Yamato: ...You're the girl from back then?
Touma: That she is. You didn't let Yuki join your group.
Touma: And furthermore, she told me she asked you several more times.
Koyuki: I'm begging you, please, let me in!
Koyuki: I want to be friends with you, too!
Yamato: Ooh...
Touma: Do tell, how did he answer you?
Koyuki: He told me to 'shut up'.
Yamato: --!
Miyako: Did that really happen?
Yamato: It did, but... It was such a tiny thing.
Touma: Yes, Yamato-kun. To you, it was most trivial.
Touma: But to Yuki, it was a moment that changed her entire life.
Yamato: I'm sorry about that, but--
Touma: You pitied Shiina Miyako because you knew she was being bullied...
Touma: But Yuki, a girl you knew nothing of? For her you turned a cold shoulder.
Yamato: I didn't know... What was I supposed to do?!
Touma: Yes, I suppose I am being a touch unfair, though it does not erase the wrongdoing.
Touma: Allow me to say something...
Touma: Your group, Yamato-kun, strikes me as a little exclusive.
Touma: You had plenty of room to let in a few more members.
Yamato: Kh...
Touma: Because of your acts, Yuki broke two months later.
Touma: But you know what truly saddens me?
Touma: Yuki bears you no hard feelings.
Koyuki: Nope! I'm good.
Koyuki: No one but Touma and Jun ever did anything for me.
Koyuki: So who cares about anybody else?
Yamato: ......
Miyako: Y-Yamato...
Koyuki: Opening spotted! Tcha!
Miyako: Augh?!
Yamato: Miyako?!
*The moment Miyako showed a glimpse of weakness, Koyuki floored her.*
Touma: Wasn't Yuki's Tae Kwon Do effective?
Touma: I'm told her aptitude is spectacular.
Koyuki: I worked hard to learn it so I can protect Touma!
Yamato: (So that's why her legs are so muscular.)
Miyako: Ugh, gah... *cough*
Touma: Yuki, would you kindly keep Shiina Miyako pinned?
Koyuki: Yepsie-daisy!
Miyako: Kh...
Yamato: Miyako!
Touma: Yamato-kun, it is far too early to panic.
Yamato: What?
Touma: You say the Carnival has failed? Far from it.
Touma: You've certainly amounted a far stronger counterattack than I anticipated...
Touma: But the number of rioters is simply overwhelming.
Touma: You can protect a few strongholds, but can you protect your entire domain?
Touma: Or do you truly suppose there are no localities where disaster has struck?
*--The residential district.*
Maroudo's Soldier O: Heh heh heh. Let's smash some shit!
Maroudo's Soldier 5: Light this place up, and it'd be a hell of a bonfire!
Touma: Personally, so long as the Carnival is connected with some disaster, I will consider it a success.
Yamato: --!
Touma: Furthermore, while you claim that all three Itagaki sisters have been felled...
Touma: I have here a picture Ami-san sent to me via her cell phone.
Yamato: Itagaki Tatsuko...
Yamato: She's fighting Nee-san?!
*--At the secret base.*
Tatsuko: Haaaahhhhhhh!
*She put all of her strength behind her destructive blow.*
Momoyo: S-Seriously, what's with this girl...
*Tatsuko had gotten hold of Momoyo's head.*
*And she yanked it down and slammed it into the ground.*
Momoyo: Gah! There's... There's actually...
*Momoyo tried to stand, but Tatsuko pummeled her with a rain of punches.*
Tatsuko: Whooaahhhh!
Momoyo: There's actually someone who can face me! Gaahhhh!
*She slammed her fist into the earth, which shook before the impact.*
Yamato:  NEE-SAN?!
Touma: Goodness, their blows combined created a strong enough tremor for us to feel it here.
Koyuki: Ahaha! She's like a sandbag!
Touma: Itagaki Tatsuko is my second trump card.
Touma: Though I myself failed to anticipate she was quite as strong as that.
Miyako: She's beating Momo-senpai -- Kh! -- and it's not even close...
Touma: Momo-senpai appears to have suffered rather severe wounds.
Touma: ...Additionally, Yamato-kun, you made a second claim.
Touma: That you had thrown Itagaki Ryuuhei into the river.
Touma: Ryuuhei is a wild beast. That alone will not suffice to stop him.
Touma: At this very moment, I daresay he must be waking up, and that he must be most furious...
Harris Look-alike: Looks like something horrible's going on in the city.
Harris Look-alike: Well, who cares. Time to hit on girls!
Harris Look-alike: My goal's to pop 100 hot chicks' cherries! Heh heh. And I love doing 'em in the backdoor. Especially the ones who hate it.
Ryuuhei: Gahh... Huff, huff, huff...
Harris Look-alike: What? Someone's coming out of the river?
Ryuuhei: Aaahhhh! Damn that brat! How dare he throw me off the bridge!
Ryuuhei: My whole body hurts... It fucking hurts! He'll pay for this!
Harris Look-alike: I-I better run...
Ryuuhei: Gah! Well ain't you a cute guy? Kh, Heh heh heh.
Harris Look-alike: Aiee?!
Ryuuhei: Maybe the pleasure from devouring you will get rid of the pain!
Harris Look-alike: N-Nooooooo!
Yamato: ......
Touma: Furthermore, Yamato-kun, you claimed that Mayucchi was eliminating the Dark Cookies...
Touma: But, you see, I do have one last card up my sleeve... a Joker.
*--Tama Bridge, Yukie hunting Dark Cookies.*
Yukie: Seyah!
Dark Cookie 1: Ugh! How could one as strong as I lose?!
Cookie 3: Another one bites the dust!
De Niro: So, she's gonna get them, too?
Dark Cookie 1: D...Damn... you?!
*A newcomer had stomped on the Dark Cookie's head, crushing it.*
Shakadou: I finally found you!
Yukie: You're--!
Shakadou: Mind havin' a quick duel with me?
Matsukaze: Yo, this guy's got a sinister air about him.
Shakadou: I ain't never been satisfied, not since the day I was born.
Shakadou: I keep takin' out foe after foe, but it's never enough.
Yukie: Kh...
Yukie: Why now, when there's still so many Dark Cookies remaining?!
Touma: ...And as the clincher, Yamato-kun.
Touma: I seem to recall you clinging to Capt as your last hope?
Touma: Jun.
Jun: Yeah...
Yamato: You...
Yamato: ......!!!
Touma: You wouldn't happen to mean the man Jun captured, would you?
Shouichi: Yamato, Miyako... I'm sorry.
Shouichi: I got snagged... The guy's strong.
Jun: Hey, don't struggle.
Shouichi: Argh!
Miyako: C-Capt's...
Shouichi: Guess I've gone and made a fool outta myself... This sucks.
Touma: With him, your key leader, rendered powerless...
Touma: You must be worried about the rest of your friends.
Yamato: --!
Takuya: Chris! Chris, respond!
Takuya: Dammit... I can't get a hold of her...
Takuya: What's happened to you, Chris?
Takuya: Kh...
*--The Tama Riverside.*
Kazuko: Oof... My legs hurt so much...
Kazuko: I can't walk too good... Wait. Ta-chan?!
Tadakatsu: Found you. Moro's sent word.
Tadakatsu: Right now, Kazuko, you hurry back to the base.
Tadakatsu: It ain't safe out here.
Kazuko: But Ta-chan, you're hurt too.
Tadakatsu: Yeah. Ain't neither of us standin' too well.
Kazuko: Heh heh. Then I guess we both have to retire.
Tadakatsu: We completed our missions. We can hold our heads high.
Kazuko: Yeah...
*But at that moment, Kazuko turned around to see...*
Tadakatsu: What is it, Kazuko?!
Ryuuhei: Gwahahahaha! I caught you!
Kazuko: It's him...
Tadakatsu: Damn you, Ryuuhei... You're back on your feet!
Ryuuhei: Kh kh kh. And thanks to you, my body hurts so much I can barely take it!
Kazuko: What's with this guy?
Ryuuhei: But I'm sure I'll get over it once I'm through with you!
Ryuuhei: I'll demolish you! I'll tear the muscle from your bones!
Kazuko: Kh... Ta-chan, I'll handle this.
Tadakatsu: Hey! I'm the man here, dumbass!
Tadakatsu: (He suffered a lot of damage when we threw him in the river. But right now, I don't think me and Kazuko can take him.)
Ryuuhei: I'll take you both on!
*--In an open field.*
*Chris lay on the ground, unable to stand.*
Chris: ...Ugh... And I lost my phone.
Chris: Itagaki Tatsuko... Her strength is incredible...
Chris: She may even have more raw strength than Momo-senpai.
Chris: ...Kh. No good. I cannot move.
Chris: If any enemy finds me... Ugh.
Chris: I can sense someone approaching...
*--Child Palace, top floor.*
Yamato: ......
Jun: I told you, stop squirming!
Shouichi: Oww... Damn, you don't hold back.
Touma: Yamato-kun... This is rather unfortunate for you.
Touma: You have failed to stop the Carnival.
Yamato: ...Can I ask just one thing?
Touma: By all means.
Yamato: You just said that you'd consider the Carnival a success if it's connected to some disaster.
Touma: Yes, that is certainly true.
Yamato: Why would you go that far?
Touma: Such a simple question. I need to crossed my own Rubicon.
Jun: Meaning he's burning his bridges.
Yamato: You're trying to force yourself into a corner?
Touma: Yes. Honestly, I find my present state most strange.
Touma: Though I am to be an evil elite, my heart continues to hesitate.
Touma: That halfhearted devotion makes Jun and Yuki uneasy.
Touma: Hence, I chose to do something I could never walk away from, and so stain my heart jet black.
Yamato: That's...
Yamato: That's ridiculous. There's always a path open that will lead you back.
Touma: I have already committed indelible sins.
Touma: That path is gone to me.
Touma: This Carnival is but the shot in the arm I need to move forwards.
Koyuki: Yep, yep!
Yamato: Hey! Don't you realize you're becoming a criminal?
Yamato: If you do, then that's that. You'll go to hell!
Koyuki: Ahahaha. It's all A-OK!
Koyuki: I'd go anywhere with these two, even to hell.
Shouichi: ...Hey, Baldie! I know you're not okay with this!
Jun: ......
Shouichi: Let go of me... Ugh!
Jun: He took his time saying it, but: The Young Master made his choice.
Jun: I'm his friend. That means I follow him wherever he goes.
Shouichi: --!
Touma: Now then, Naoe Yamato...
Touma: You and your Family will be sacrificed so that the Carnival may succeed.
Miyako: How dare you do that to us?!
Touma: With that, have you any last words?
Yamato: Yes, I suppose I have a few.
Touma: And what words would those be?
Yamato: --Thank you, Aoi Touma.
Touma: Whatever for?
Yamato: For playing along while I bought time.
Touma: What...?
Yamato: It seems it's your loss after all.
Koyuki: Someone's sneaking in, Touma!
Jun: What?! Who else knows we're here?!
Hideo: Hwatchaaa!
*It was Kuki Hideo, flying in faster than a speeding bullet.*
Jun: Whoa?!
*He kicked, and the sneak attack knocked Inoue Jun off his feet.*
Shouichi: Sweet! I'm finally free!
Koyuki: Jun!
Miyako: Now's my chance! (She slipped out.)
Koyuki: Wah! No escaping! But more importantly, Jun!
Miyako: I'm not stupid enough to let you capture me forever.
*Miyako and Capt joined up with me.*
Shouichi: Man oh man, that was lame.
Shouichi: You'd better not go telling everyone else I got caught!
Yamato: Well, I'm glad to see you're doing all right.
Koyuki: Jun, you okay?
Jun: Oh, yeah, I'm completely fine. He just surprised me.
Hideo: Mwahahahaha! Your Hero has arrived!
Touma: Hideo... This cannot be!
Hideo: We apologize for the delay, Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: Seriously, I almost gave up hope!
Hideo: Forgive Us, for a hero must always arrive in the nick of time!
Touma: ...Why are you here? Whatever of your many international commitments?
Hideo: That man there, Naoe Yamato, texted Us a formal appeal!
Hideo: When We heard that you, Touma, head a group selling Utopia, We were beside Ourself with rage. We could not believe it!
Touma: (Yes, Hideo is a simple man. So doubt should have stayed his hand, yet...)
Hideo: But Kazuko-dono told Us to trust in Yamato.
Touma: (Oh, so he took advantage of Hideo's unrequited love.)
Touma: (That was rather nasty of you, Yamato-kun...)
Hideo: ...And yet, We still held hope it was a misunderstanding.
Hideo: So when We came to the place Yamato named, to ascertain the truth...
Hideo: This is what We find?! What is the meaning of this?!
Hideo: We are saddened, Touma. Saddened by you!
Touma: Hideo, may I take that to mean you barged in here alone?
Hideo: Precisely! We came here to make Our friend open his eyes!
Yamato: Well? What do you think of my trump card?
Yamato: The heir to the Kuki Corporation knows what you've done. It's over, Touma!
Touma: ...Heh. Heh heh... I concede that using Hideo was a most brilliant move.
Touma: I was sure that, even if you told Hideo the truth, you would at most only stoke his anger.
Touma: I never anticipated he would abandon his busy schedule to rush here.
Touma: Is that the depths of your love for Kawakami Kazuko, Hideo?
Hideo: We, uh...
Touma: Given this, I must harden my resolve!
Touma: I am certain, Hideo, that you will officially be declared 'Missing'.
Hideo: Touma, you would dare...?
Touma: You should not have been so careless as to come here alone.
Touma: Jun! Yuki! Render them powerless.
Koyuki: I'm gonna catch you again!
Jun: ...No matter what happens, I'll keep following the Young Master.
Yamato: ...Miyako, how are your wounds?
Miyako: I'm fine. I recovered while I was captured.
Yamato: I'm sorry I let him shake me earlier. The shock was...
Yamato: But I'm fine now.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Miyako: I feel sorry for Sakakibara Yuki, we weren't able to save her...
Miyako: But people aren't omniscient. Children, doubly so... You couldn't have known, Yamato.
Miyako: If that was a sin, it's one whose weight is borne by every person alive!
Yamato: ...Thank you.
Yamato: ...Miyako, go stop Sakakibara Yuki.
Miyako: Understood, Yamato. Leave it to me!
Koyuki: Hey, stop flirting!
Touma: Yuki, I'm counting on you!
Koyuki: Yep! Leave it to me, Touma!
Koyuki: Seyah!
Miyako: Haaahhh!
*So clashed the two girls who lived for love.*
Koyuki: Ahahaha. Let's play!
Miyako: --!
*Koyuki got the upper hand, and the two tumbled out into the hallway.*
Jun: She's brave all right... Well, I'll leave the girl to the girl.
Jun: Let's settle this, as a fight between men!
Shouichi: Let me handle this. I'll pay you back later, in spades!
Hideo: Allow Us to fight. We shall strike this bald man and return him to his senses.
Shouichi: Let me!
Hideo: Allow Us!
Jun: ...Guys, I'm glad to see you're enjoying yourselves...
Jun: But in case you forgotten, I'm standing right here!
Shouichi: Gah!
Hideo: Ngh!
*He sent Hideo and Shouichi both flying.*
Jun: I can't let this end the same way things did at school.
Yamato: Touma... Again, I shall tell you.
Yamato: Your Carnival has failed!
Touma: You still cling to that certainty?
Yamato: Consider Nee-san. Sure, I was surprised Tatsu was that strong.
Yamato: But Nee-san's very existence practically breaks the rules. There's no way she can lose.
*--At the secret base. Tatsuko vs. Momoyo.*
Tatsuko: Rooaaarrr!
*Still she continued her fierce attack.*
*She held the bus stop sign high above her head-*
Tatsuko: SEEYAAAHHH!
*--and drove it into Momoyo, who lay on the ground before her.*
Ami: Whoa... That was somewhat gross, but...
Ami: Heh... Looks like you've won, Tatsu!
Tatsuko: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Tatsuko: ......!!!
Momoyo: ...Really, what's with you? How is there someone like you in the same town as me?
Ami: H-How are you standing? And you're not even injured?!
Ami: I-It couldn't be... Flash Healing?!
Momoyo: Kh... Heh heh heh... Hahahahaha!
Ami: H-Hey! Why are you laughing at Tatsu?
Momoyo: Why? Because it's funny.
Momoyo: I mean, there I was, depressed over how weak the rest of the world was.
Momoyo: But it turns out there's this strong of a monster living in my hometown.
Momoyo: If this isn't funny, then what is?! Hahaha!
Tatsuko: Aaahhhhh!
*Tatsuko fired off a tremendous uppercut.*
Momoyo: Turns out the world really is an endless expanse!
*Momoyo blocked the attack with one hand.*
Momoyo: One I can't wait to explore.
*She then twisted Tatsuko's arm.*
Tatsuko: Ugh!
Momoyo: What sort of powerhouses do you think I'll find out there?
Tatsuko: Aahhhhh!
Momoyo: Itagaki Tatsuko! Thank you! And here's your parting gift!
Momoyo: Kawakami Phoenix Fury!
*That punch -- Momoyo's full strength -- pounded into Tatsuko.*
Tatsuko: Gaahhhhh!
Ami: Tatsu... Wah!
*The blow knocked Tatsuko into Ami, sending both of them careening into a wall.*
Momoyo: Ugh... There's nothing out there like a good duel.
*The smoke slowly cleared around the spot where the two had landed.*
Tatsuko: ...Yamato-kun... Zzz...
*That blast had put Tatsuko down for the count. She slept, peaceful as a babe.*
Momoyo: You've got a ton of talent. Shakadou-san did good to discover you.
*She sat down with a thump.*
Momoyo: I'm so tired... But it's nice, being this exhausted.
*She felt a certain fulfillment.*
Touma: ...I've lost communication.
Yamato: Your first trump card has failed.
Yamato: As for the other...
Yamato: I don't even have to do a thing.
*--Tama Bridge.*
Shakadou: If I defeat ya, maybe the ache'll go away for a bit.
Matsukaze: He's got so much negative energy! Girl, he ain't just a monster!
Lu: It is not for adults to intervene in a fight between children.
Shakadou: ...?!
Lu: Shakadou, let us adults fight instead!
Shakadou: Lu?!
Lu: Mayuzumi Yukie, I shall handle this.
Lu: Go, child, and settle your children's fight.
Lu: While I, as an adult, settle this adult fight!
Yukie: Mr. Lu...
Lu: Now hurry! You must stop the remaining Dark Cookies!
Yukie: Y-Yes, sir!
Shakadou: Lu... I get it. So you're comin' for me.
Lu: Yes. I have come for you.
Lu: Shakadou! You were expelled from the Kawakami Temple, but you took disciples and used our techniques! This, we cannot allow!
Lu: When we expelled you, we warned that you would be purged if you put your skills to evil.
Shakadou: Yeah... I remember that annoyin' little spiel.
Lu: And you have used them for evil. As such, I shall purge you, here and now!
Shakadou: Heh heh... You, purge me?
Shakadou: I guess that means y'brought a big jug of alcohol, right?
Lu: I brought no such thing.
Shakadou: Heh heh... You tryin' to make me laugh?
Shakadou: Ain't no way y'can beat me sober.
Shakadou: Sober, you've got talent. But I'm a prodigy.
Shakadou: Just like Kazuko can't close the gap with Momoyo, there ain't no way y'can measure up t'me.
Lu: Now, I wonder.
Lu: Hah! Hwachah!
Shakadou: ...?!
*A flash of movement, and Shakadou found himself knocked back by a backfist strike.*
Lu: I am not the man I once was.
Shakadou: *cough* *cough*... *spit*
Shakadou: ...Heh, sounds great!
Yamato: The Kawakami Temple should already be moving to purge him.
Touma: ...Shakadou-san is strong enough to turn the tables on them.
Touma: Their forces will be brushed aside. They mean nothing.
Yamato: Yeah, Shakadou-san certainly looks strong.
Yamato: ...But right now, I wonder.
*--Tama Bridge, Lu Yi vs. Gyoubu Shakadou.*
Lu: Huff... Huff...
Shakadou: Heh... Heh...
Shakadou: Damn, Lu, y'got helluva lot stronger...
Lu: ...Such is the fruit of my hard labor.
Shakadou: However... That don't matter. I'll still win.
Shakadou: Watch... I'll take all this ki...
Shakadou: Make it darker and darker...
Lu: That... That is certainly nothing to sneeze at.
Shakadou: Oh, y'admit it?
Lu: However, having a large ki alone does not make you strong.
Shakadou: What?
Lu: Right now, you have more power than you know what to do with.
Lu: Which means you're wasting your ki.
Shakadou: Quit babblin'!
Shakadou: Kawakami Phoenix Fury!
Lu: I can see it coming!
*Assistant Master Lu blocked Shakadou's punch.*
Shakadou: What?
Lu: You are a prodigy, yes... However!
*Assistant Master Lu drove his fist into Shakadou's midsection.*
Shakadou: Guh-hah?!
Lu: These last several years, you haven't continued to train like you used to!
*He followed up his attack with a series of blows.*
Shakadou: Ugh... Gah. L-Lu, damn you!
Lu: I need not fear a prodigy who has let his gifts rust away!
Shakadou:  !!!
Lu: Hwaaaaaa-tatatatatata!
Shakadou: Gaahhhhh!
*Lu's punches launched Shakadou up into the air.*
Lu: Ahhh-chaahhh!
*Then he landed a combo with a vicious flying kick.*
Shakadou: ...Gah...
*A kick Shakadou could do nothing but take head-on.*
*Even before he landed, Shakadou already knew his bones had broken.*
*......*
Shakadou: ...Gh... *cough* gah... Owww...
Lu: I have won.
Shakadou: ...D-Dammit... That wasn't even close... Gah.
Shakadou: There ain't nothin' t'do *cough* *cough* but laugh...
Lu: ...I do have one question for you.
Lu: Why did you teach the Itagakis how to fight?
Shakadou: Why? Because, man... They had potential.
Shakadou: Seemed like a waste not t'teach them.
Shakadou: But bad kids like them'd never fit'n at the Temple.
Shakadou: Just like me...
Lu: ...So you taught them?
Shakadou: ...Those of the night need someone of the night who understands them.
Shakadou: ...*cough* fuck me... Do it, Lu.
Shakadou: Give me peace...
Shakadou: The ache'll go away once I'm dead.
Lu: Very well. I will finish purging you.
Lu: Now begins your time of atonement.
Lu: Are you prepared?
Shakadou: Yeah...
Lu: All right. Then... Let us begin.
Shakadou: ...Is this the end?
*Shakadou could feel his consciousness grow distant.*
Lu: It's me. I've purged him.
Lu: As for the rest, it falls to you to put a satisfactory end to the fighting.
Yamato: ...There you have it. Were you listening, Aoi Touma?
Touma: ...Shakadou-san lost?
Yamato: Hm? A text?
*--One minute earlier, the Tama Riverbank.*
*Ryuuhei stared at Tadakatsu, his eyes brimming with madness.*
Ryuuhei: Time to have a grand feast worthy of this Carnival!
Tadakatsu: ...Quit babblin', you damn beast.
Ryuuhei: Gaaahhhhh!
*He sprung at Tadakatsu and Kazuko.*
Ryuuhei: Ugh?!
*Only to slam into a fourth person who'd emerged from the shadows to cut off his attack.*
Ryuuhei: ......You bastard... You survived?
Gakuto: Man oh man, it's a good thing I headed towards the base to see if there was anythin' I could do.
Kazuko: G-Gakuto!
Gakuto: But I never dreamed I'd run into you, Ryuu!
Ryuuhei: You weakling! Didn't you drop out?!
Kazuko: Hey, shouldn't you still be in the hospital?
Gakuto: No, I'm good. I've had enough sleep for a life--
*Then Gakuto saw the wounds on Kazuko's leg.*
Gakuto: (Did they do that to her?)
Gakuto: Well, it doesn't matter. This is a time for actions, not words. My actions.
Ryuuhei: I'll send you back to the hospital, and this time, you're never gonna walk out!
Gakuto: Quit your babbl-ugh!
*Ryuuhei drove his fist into Gakuto's abdomen.*
Tadakatsu: Shit!
Ryuuhei: You stupid idiot! I could tell from that punch that you haven't recovered!
Gakuto: ...Gh... Hah!
Ryuuhei: Scum like you! Should hide in the gutters! Where you belong!
*Merciless, he continued his assault.*
*Gakuto staggered, and Ryuuhei wound up for the finishing blow.*
Kazuko: G-Gakuto!
*He heard his friend calling to him.*
*If he fell here, then what would happen to them?*
Gakuto: (I won't let that happen!)
*His mind cleared.*
*Time itself seemed to slow to a crawl.*
Gakuto: ...These punches? Compared to Momo-senpai's, they're so...
*Ryuuhei's strikes had a ton of wasted movement.*
*Gakuto dodged the blow by a hair's breadth.*
*Leaving Ryuuhei's arm to roar through the empty air.*
Gakuto: Do you remember, Ryuu?
*Gakuto grabbed that arm.*
*The pain in his abdomen meant nothing to him now.*
Gakuto: I swore!
Ryuuhei: Gwah!
*He smashed his forehead into Ryuuhei's face.*
Gakuto: That I!
*A second later, his uppercut swept up into the beast's chin...*
Ryuuhei: Gwah?!
*Hard enough that even Ryuuhei's mammoth body rose an inch into the air.*
Gakuto: Would defeat yooouuuuuuu!
*Then he pounded his right fist downwards into Ryuuhei's skull.*
Ryuuhei: Gah?!
Gakuto: ...Or did you forget?
Ryuuhei: I... lost... to... a weak... ling...?!
Gakuto: I guess you weren't listening...
Kazuko: Wow... I never knew you were that strong.
Gakuto: I, Gakuto... have won.
Kazuko: Ah, G-Gakuto!
Gakuto: I'm fine. I could do that a hundred times, and I'd still keep going.
Tadakatsu: You're a damn idiot. A damn idiot, but that was awesome.
Gakuto: Heh, that's right. I stand before you, awesome!
Tadakatsu: Heh. Guess so.
Gakuto: Ah, I've finally gotten to stand in the limelight.
Tadakatsu: But still, given how Itagaki Ryuuhei's mind works...
*The beast was submerged in a sea of blood.*
Tadakatsu: His rampage led him here, to this end. Maybe he's satisfied?
Tadakatsu: I don't got a clue how Naoe's doin', but I oughta send him a text.
Yamato: You said Itagaki Ryuuhei would manage something...
Yamato: But according to this text, he's been brought down.
Touma: ...And are we to trust that information?
Yamato: Yes. You can confirm it, if you want.
Touma: Then if you'll excuse me.
Maroudo: It's me. Report to me what's going on at every location.
Yamato: Changing your voice is that easy? That's a nice tool you've got there.
*After a few moments, he got a response.*
Maroudo's Soldier 1: ...Maroudo-sama...
Maroudo's Soldier 1: Reports say Itagaki Ryuuhei's been defeated near the river!
Maroudo's Soldier 1: A-And there's armies of soldiers and fuckin' maids everywhere taking out the scattered rioters!
Maroudo: Oh, soldiers and maids, you say?!
Maroudo's Soldier 1: Wahhh!
Maroudo: Hey, what happened?!
Azumi: I happened, Aoi Touma.
Maroudo: Oshitari Azumi?!
Azumi: Hideo-sama barged in there on his own.
Azumi: What did you friggin' think the Kuki Servant Corps' elite troops were doing? Just sitting on their rears?
Maroudo: --!
Azumi: Furthermore, from what I can see, an army's here too.
Azumi: That doting idiot of a soldier probably called in the cavalry.
Azumi: What I'm trying to say is, maybe it's time you throw in that towel. See ya.
Azumi: ...Friggin' hell... Hm? Whoa, that's the person what I'm supposed to be guarding, and she's...
Maroudo's Soldier S: Y-You took out Ryuu-san?!
Maroudo's Soldier Q: But they're barely able to stand!
Maroudo's Soldier R: All right, let's get 'em!
Kazuko: After all that, there's still more?
Azumi: Fuuma-- Oh, wait... Oshitari Five-Strike Sword Dance!
Maroudo's Soldier S: Gahhh!
Azumi: I won't let you lay one finger on that girl!
Kazuko: ...You're...
Tadakatsu: Looks like we've got ourselves some more backup.
Azumi: Save your thanks for Hideo-sama! I'm just following orders!
Gakuto: Welp... Things look safe here.
Gakuto: Then it's time to check on the rest of our friends.
Azumi: ...Tch. Guess I'm stuck following you.
*--In an open field.*
*The damage Tatsuko had dealt Chris left her unable to move.*
*Furthermore...*
Chris: ...Kh... I do not know who that is...
Chris: ...But, I shall keep pushing forward. I will show no fear!
Margit: Frau Chris.
Chris: M...
Margit: I have come to protect you.
Chris: Mar-san!
Chris: You come to me like a prince in shining armor...
Margit: You often did play the princess with me when you were little.
Chris's Father: Margit, I see you have taken the greatest role for yourself.
Chris: Father! You are here too?!
Chris's Father: Indeed. What sort of father wouldn't bring a daughter engaged in battle a full brigade of reinforcements?
Chris's Father: Mephistopheles!
Chris: Huh? You have become younger?!
Chris's Father: I now go to eliminate the rioters who oppose you, Chris.
Chris's Father: Jaegers, you are all to act as Chris's guards!
Chris: ...It is good to have you with us.
Kazuko: Oh, we found her... But I don't think she needs any help.
Tadakatsu: What the hell...
Azumi: Looks like the battle in the city's all finished up.
Gakuto: Wait, shouldn't you be with Kuki Hideo?
Azumi: You think I didn't tell him that half a million times?
Azumi: But know what he said?
Hideo: You are to go guard Kazuko-dono. And the rest of the Servants Corps are to protect their king's most valuable treasure -- the citizenry.
Hideo: We shall handle this alone!
Hideo: ...It falls to Us to open Touma's eyes to the truth!
Azumi: So here I am.
Gakuto: Oh, that makes sense.
Azumi: ...It's Touma this and Touma that with him.
Azumi: But not me. Never friggin' me...
*...Near Kawakami Station*
Yukie: Seyaahhh!
*She shouted, cutting down another Dark Cookie.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Cookie 3: Good work. There's just two of them left.
De Niro: Hey, hey, not too shabby.
Yukie: I hope I'm being useful to everyone.
Cookie 3: Money couldn't buy better help!
De Niro: Without you, the Dark Cookies would've burned the city to the ground.
Yukie: I see... Then I did well.
Yukie: And I must defeat the remainder!
De Niro: Huh? The signal disappeared? They must've been taken out.
Cookie 3: You're right. But who the heck did it?
*...In the Italian shopping district.*
*The Dark Cookie had been neutralized, its joints destroyed.*
Kokoro: For goodness' sake, you're a rather troublesome robot to have rampaging here.
Kokoro: But with my noble joint manipulations, well. That wasn't much work at all.
Kosugi: Th-Thank you very much. You saved us.
Kosugi: Everyone was already exhausted when that robot appeared...
Kokoro: Indeed. Our homeroom teacher told us that we, class 2-S, were to assist in the suppression of the rioters.
Kokoro: However, things seem to have come to a close.
Kosugi: A-Are those military troops?
Touma: ...All my forces have been eliminated?
Yamato: Too bad for you, Aoi Touma.
Yamato: You weren't able to cross your point of no return.
Touma: Yamato-kun, I...
Yamato: Which means you can still go back.
Yamato: Turn yourself in.
Touma: Heh... Heh heh...
Touma: There are still fine opportunities to damn my soul.
Yamato: Do you mean to do things to all of us here?
Touma: I do.
Yamato: Then that's just one more reason why we can't lose.
Yamato: If we do, you'll never be able to go back.
Touma: But that is what I desire.
Yamato: Sorry to tell you this, but Capt and Miyako are just too tenacious.
*In a corner of the theatre 20 meters behind Yamato and Touma...*
*Capt, Hideo, and Jun's battle pressed on.*
Hideo: You ingrate! How dare you raise your hand at Us, your King?!
Jun: Shut up!
*A scathing front punch knocked Hideo back.*
Shouichi: Losing's way too lame!
Shouichi: So I'll overwrite my loss with a win!
Jun: Like I said, you're too naive!
*Fists flew faster than the eye could see.*
Shouichi: Gwah... D-Damn, you're this strong?
Hideo: Yeah. We thought you more than just a mere lolicon, yet...
Jun: This world is rotten... That's why I want to gaze upon what is pure and innocent, to heal my heart.
Shouichi: Heh... Is that how it is? ...Sheesh.
Jun: Weren't your parents adventurers? Lucky you.
Jun: My father is Hospital Director Aoi's right hand man.
Jun: In other words, since I'm his son, I'm the Young Master's right hand man. And that's fine.
Jun: But when our fathers stain their hearts with evil, the stain resonates through to us.
Shouichi: Your parents have nothing to do with who you are!
Jun: I will follow the Young Master wherever he chooses to go.
Jun: Even if he chooses a path of darkness, I'll still go. That's what it means to be his friend.
Jun: But a bunch of carefree guys like you could never understand.
Shouichi: ...You make me laugh.
Shouichi: Kuki Hideo. Tell him why you came here.
Hideo: Do not deign to order Us! ...But very well.
Hideo: We came here to open the eyes of Our friend!
Shouichi: Right?! The stuff about your family doesn't sit right with me...
Shouichi: But when your friend starts walking down the wrong path, the right thing to do is stop him!
Jun: --!
Hideo: Well spoke! Only the weak would choose to fall beside him!
Hideo: Inoue Jun! You have so much talent, so why must your attitude be so melancholic?!
Jun: I mean, I-I wanted to stop! I told the Young Master as much!
Jun: But he...
Hideo: Then join with Us and stop him!
Shouichi: It's still not too late!
Jun: No, it is...
Jun: Now that everyone knows, I can't go back to the life I had at school.
Hideo: Enough of the self-indulgent attitude!
Jun: Gah?! Dammit, I'm trying to figure this out and you start hitting me?!
Hideo: Mngh. How dare you strike back at your King?
Shouichi: I'm gonna say this one more time. If you like Aoi Touma, then stop doing all this!
Hideo: Think not with reason, but with your heart!
Hideo: Is it a return to normalcy that you seek? Or to stride forwards? What anyone else will allow is irrelevant!
Jun: If I can go back, then of course I want to!
Shouichi: If that's how you feel, then you just gotta stick to it!
Jun: ...Ah. If only it were that simple.
Jun: But that's not the position I'm in!
Hideo: No matter how many times We explain, We continue to go in circles, as it were.
Shouichi: Sheesh. You elites are so darn sensitive.
Jun: You're simply too freewheeling.
Shouichi: Fine then. I'll defeat you here...
Shouichi: And force you to understand!
Jun: I won't let you...
Jun: Whoa?! My whole body's quivering...
Jun: ...Shit. That last strike of Hideo's really hit home.
Jun: I could tell it was sharp, and packed with energy, but... Kh.
Shouichi: You see, Kuki Hideo hit you seriously 'cause he's doing all this for Aoi Touma.
Jun: Kazama...?
Shouichi: Kuki Hideo and I, we'd love to chase Aoi Touma to the path of darkness, yet you keep whining about how rotten everything is! It pisses me off!
Jun: Kh... I'm...
Shouichi:  TAKE THIS!
Jun: Ugh, my body!
Shouichi: That's my revenge shot for when you beat me before!
Jun: Guh-haw!
*Shouichi's straight punch staggered Jun.*
Shouichi: And... Here's another!
Shouichi: This blast's gonna open your eyes!
Jun: Gahhhh!
*He'd launched into a flying kick from a run. The hit blew Jun away.*
Shouichi: AWWW YEAHHH!
Shouichi: That loss back then's been erased from the record books! Yay, yay!
Hideo: Hey, you emerged victorious only because Our attack proved effective!
Jun: ...Damn you guys...
Jun: You're such... children... Gah.
Jun: It makes me feel like an idiot for trying to work hard.
Hideo: Yes. You are an idiot.
Hideo: However, you no longer have any choice but to surrender.
Shouichi: Yeah, c'mon. You can backpedal as far back as you want.
Jun: ...Kh... I've lost... to you guys...
Shouichi: Sweet! Which means Miyako's the only one we're still waiting on.
*--Outside Child Palace, Miyako vs. Koyuki.*
*Their silhouettes clashed again and again.*
*Theirs was a battle between one who had been saved, and one who hadn't.*
Miyako: Haahhhhh!
Koyuki: Ahahahaha!
Koyuki: Take this! Whahahaha!
*The nasty kick sent Miyako flying.*
Miyako: ...I felt that one.
Koyuki: Ahahahaha!
Miyako: Can't you do something about that laugh? It feels like you're not even taking this seriously.
Koyuki: Nope, no can do! Teyah!
Miyako: Gh, that move was really crisp...
Koyuki: Weh heh heh heh. I'm super duper strong!
Miyako: You are fairly skilled.
Miyako: I guess there's a lot of people at our school who hide their true strength.
Koyuki: You know, back when mother was strangling me...
Koyuki: I started laughing, 'cause I thought, if I laughed, maybe she'd stop!
Koyuki: But she kept right on going!
Koyuki: Then just as I was falling unconscious, poof! Mother was covered in blood! I did that! I knocked her out so I would live!
Koyuki: That's how strong I've been, even since I was little. Tah!
Miyako: Whoa!
*Again her kick knocked Miyako back.*
Miyako: ...You've experienced a lot of hardship.
Miyako: Did you meet Aoi Touma after that happened?
Koyuki: Yep! When I collapsed on the wayside, he gave me shelter!
Koyuki: Then I was adopted by a woman connected to the hospital!
Miyako: ...I see...
Koyuki: Touma and Jun were super nice!
Koyuki: But one day, they were super depressed and sad.
Koyuki: I don't really know why, but that doesn't matter. I'm gonna keep following them both anyways!
Miyako: Mm-hm, I understand just how you feel.
Miyako: There's a lot about you that reminds me of myself.
Koyuki: Yeah, I guess.
Koyuki: But you're wrong. You and I are totes different.
Koyuki: Weren't you saved before it was too late?
Koyuki: While me, aren't I a little crazy? I can't really tell, but everyone keeps saying so.
Miyako: ...Maybe I could've become like you.
Koyuki: It doesn't really matter. This way, I got to meet Touma.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Koyuki: ...I think maybe I don't hate you that much anymore.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Koyuki: ...However!
Miyako: ...But still!
Koyuki: For Touma!
Miyako: For Yamato!
Koyuki:  I'LL CAPTURE YOU!
Miyako:  I'LL DEFEAT YOU!
*The two fought for more than good and evil. They fought for the ones they loved.*
*Koyuki and Jun had had the latest equipment and the greatest coaches. They'd learned Tae Kwon Do and boxing, respectively.*
Koyuki: Tae Kwon Do Punch!
Miyako: Your punches are strong too!
Koyuki: Whahahaha! There's actually a lot of hand strikes in Tae Kwon Do as well.
*Koyuki had the advantage in a close-ranged battle.*
Miyako: Kh!
*Miyako leapt back, trying to control the distance.*
Koyuki: Stopping running so much! Meanie!
Miyako: Trump card #1!
*She fired a pachinko ball at Koyuki.*
Koyuki: What's this? Is it yummy? *Chomp!*
Miyako: She caught it in her mouth?!
Koyuki: Yuck! *spit*
Miyako: You beat my trump card so easily, even though you've never seen it before?
Miyako: That's depressing.
Miyako: ...Trump Card #2!
Koyuki: Oh? You picked up a rock? What'll you do with it?
Miyako: I'm going to take this stone...
Miyako: And throw it!
*Miyako was a heck of a pitcher when she needed to be. That was her secret weapon.*
Koyuki: You're definitely not supposed to eat those! (She slid out of the way.)
Miyako: You dodged it so easily...
Miyako: (But she didn't block it -- she dodged it. That means...)
Miyako: Once more! Can you dodge this?!
Koyuki: Can I? ...Ow?!
Miyako: Depending on the shape of the rock, I can throw curve balls too!
Koyuki: Kh... Ooh, that hurt!
Miyako: Hah!
*Again the two clashed.*
Koyuki: Nnnngggghhhhh!
Miyako: Mmmmnngghhh!
*The rock had dealt a fair bit of damage.*
Koyuki: For Touma! ...Oooohh!
Miyako: For Yamato! Nnnghhh!
Koyuki: I'll do to you what I did to that robot!
*That robot -- Cookie?*
Koyuki: Huh? ...Wah?!
*An even greater strength welled up in Miyako.*
Koyuki: Ooh, nnnnngghhh...
Koyuki: ...She's... strong...?!
Miyako: Touma doesn't do anything for you?
Koyuki: He pats me on the head!
Miyako: ...Then that's the difference!
Koyuki: Huh?
Miyako: I was supplied with milk, which made me--
*She wrenched up Koyuki's arm.*
Koyuki: Ah?!
*Then she rushed in close...*
Miyako:  --STRONG!
Koyuki: Wah!
*...and splendidly threw her.*
Koyuki: Ah!
Koyuki: Yeouch... Ah.
*She looked up to see Miyako winding up one last punch.*
Miyako: I'll finish you!
Koyuki: Wahh!
Koyuki: ...Ooooh... (She was out cold.)
Miyako: That... was a tough battle.
*--Child Palace, top floor.*
*Capt had brought Jun back inside.*
Jun: Young Master... Sorry. I got beat...
Jun: But maybe this is just right.
Jun: ...Let's put an end to this petty villainy.
*Miyako, meanwhile, had captured Koyuki.*
Koyuki: I'm sorry, Touma.
Touma: Yuki... Jun...
Yamato: Looks like we've turned things around.
Touma: ...And to think I had finally resolved myself to stain my heart black.
Yamato: Don't act like this was some sort of noble ceremony.
Yamato: You were just giving in and trying to run away.
Touma: Yamato-kun...
Yamato: Stop trying to talk cool. No more talk of evil or darkness.
Yamato: Right now, you're just another dumb drug dealer!
Touma: ...Ngh...
Hideo: Touma, turn yourself in.
Hideo: Baldie recommends the same.
Touma: ...My one miscalculation... was that I never imagined you would come all this way.
Hideo: But We must, for you once saved Us.
Touma: Huh?
Hideo: When We surrendered Our dream...
Hideo: Aren't you going to go away, Touma?
Touma: Where would I go?
Hideo: Baseball was what gave Our life meaning, yet We can be happy with Our play no more.
Hideo: What point is there, then, in staying with Us?
Touma: Even if you can't play baseball, you're still you.
Touma: Absolutely nothing has changed.
Touma: I like you, so I'll stay by your side.
Hideo: Those words inspired more courage in Us than We could ever hope to convey.
Touma: ...Heh.
Hideo: So this time, We will stay by your side!
Touma: Heh heh heh heh... Hahahahaha!
Yamato: What's so funny?
Touma: Hideo... That? That was just me taking advantage of your loneliness.
Touma: I said those words because I wanted to make sure the heir to the Kuki Conglomerate would forever be my pawn!
Touma: It was nothing more than an act. I did it to benefit solely myself.
Touma: Yet that was the source of your courage? Absurd!
Yamato: Touma, you...
Hideo: Leave this to Us.
Hideo: To still a friend's rage is a task only a friend can fulfill.
Jun: ...Hideo...
Hideo: Oh, Our one-and-only friend... We care not if it was an act.
Touma: Huh?
Hideo: Even be that statement an element of a charade...
Hideo: It is that selfsame charade that let Us rise anew and become the man We are today.
Hideo: Before that undeniable fact, Touma, Our gratitude must be unending.
Touma: --What? How can you act so virtuous?
Hideo: We speak not from virtue, but as a king who sought results.
Hideo: Yet either way, the love for you in Our heart remains unchanged.
Touma: ...Just how foolish can you be?
Touma: No clever king would call one as corrupt as I friend.
Hideo: We care not how corrupt you are. That, too, is part of your essence.
Hideo: However, We will cleanse you of your stains under the law.
Hideo: Come. Surrender, and atone for your sins.
Hideo: Then, work for the Kuki Conglomerate.
Touma: ...Absurd. Such pity is unwarrant--
Hideo: Pity? Are you a fool? We seek you out for the immense talents that you threaten to squander.
Hideo: Raise high your heart at the knowledge that We will work you to the bone! Mwahahahaha!
Touma: But by making someone with my history your subordinate, you'll-
Hideo: Touma. Your abilities are far more important than your record.
Touma: Huh?
Hideo: As We told you, We aim to be king.
Hideo: To that end We gather all sorts -- the scarred in body and mind, those who would betray and scheme, any and all who would serve.
Hideo: For it is a true king who can put all such men and women to good use.
Touma: ...Hideo...
Hideo: Atone by putting your talents towards the good of the people.
Touma: ...I...
Yamato: Nice friend you've got there.
Touma: Yamato-kun?
Yamato: I'm carrying out my duty.
Yamato: Maroudo falls. His existence dies here, today.
Touma: --!
Yamato: He sent my friends to the hospital, and made it so our secret base would be destroyed.
Yamato: You will suffer my justice, Maroudo.
Shouichi: Yeah. Go get him, Yamato!
Shouichi: I'll let you take the juicy bit, just this once.
Yamato: Yeah... You and me, we love to talk about our plans...
Yamato: But at the end of the day, boys' journeys will always end with two of these!
*I raised my fists.*
Touma: ...That is true...
Touma: I feel like I am in the mood for that as well.
*He raised his own fists in answer.*
Yamato: Whooaaa!
Touma: Aaahhhhh!
*Each of us fired off a punch.*
*Mine landed cleanly on Maroudo's face.*
Touma: Ugh!
*Maroudo staggered.*
Yamato: This'll finish you offffff!
*My right straight punch sent Maroudo flying.*
Touma: Gah!
*He crashed into the wall and slumped to the ground.*
Touma: Ugh... Heh... Heh heh... That... was quite the amazing punch.
Touma: And I feel as if... so much else... was caught in the blast...
Touma: Thank you...
Koyuki: Touma!
Jun: Young Master!
*The two rushed to his side.*
Yamato: It's over...
Shouichi: Good work. Ahh, you sure made things nice and shiny for the conclusion.
Shouichi: This is our victory.
Yamato: You're obsessed over who wins, huh.
Shouichi: 'Course I am. With all of us, together?
Miyako: There's nothing we can't do! PEACE!
Shouichi: C'mon, Yamato! You gotta strike a winning pose too!
Yamato: ..Your cheerfulness is the source of our strength, isn't it?
*The festival was finally over.*
*--In a Kawakami Temple hallway.*
Shakadou: ...Huh? Why... Why'm I alive?
Lu: I told you. Now is your time to atone.
Lu: Your disciples have been taken into the Kawakami Temple.
Lu: You took them as your disciples, so you cannot shirk your responsibility to them.
Lu: Oh, but first, you must fulfill your responsibilities to the law.
Shakadou: ...Y'pissin' me off... I can't stand a single thing you're doing.
Lu: Furthermore, you will be my training partner when I practice my techniques.
Shakadou: Y'bastard! Just you wait...
Shakadou: I'll pay y'back for that soon enough!
Lu: Yes, and I await that moment, oh rival, oh friend.
Shakadou: ...Damn y'ta Hell!
Shakadou: ......
*Their minds worked so differently, yet they understood each other so well.*
Shakadou: ...Guess that means I got a friend and rival too.
Lu: I thought yours and Momoyo's fists were a danger to the Kawakami Temple, but...
Lu: One must be careful in making assumptions. They narrow your vision.
Lu: ...The way of the fist must lie beyond mere light and darkness!
Lu: That is what we must seek!
Tesshin: (Yes! Well put!)
Tesshin: (That'll ought to restore tranquility to the Kawakami Temple.)
*--Inside the secret base.*
Shouichi: Man, you know, me and Yamato had it pretty easy up there.
Yamato: Ahaha. We sure did.
Yamato: But the person with both the simplest and most difficult role was...
Momoyo: Mayu-Mayu, right? You did well.
Yukie: Oh, no no no! I was just so focused, I don't...
Takuya: I also just did everything I could!
Gakuto: And I too found myself in a life-or-death struggle... Somehow.
*--Outside the secret base.*
Tadakatsu: ......
Tadakatsu: The heck am I doin' here?
Tadakatsu: Shimazu's back, so they don't need me anymore.
Tadakatsu: So why am I...
Tadakatsu: Tch. This ain't me. I'm goin' home.
Miyako: Huh? What are you doing out here?
Tadakatsu: ...Nah, no reason.
Miyako: I don't understand why you're here.
Tadakatsu: (That's right. I'm an outsider.)
Miyako: Get inside already. Everyone's upstairs.
Tadakatsu: Huh?
Miyako: We're celebrating our victory. And our tenth member.
Shouichi: Oh, this is where you've been hiding out!
Takuya: We were about to go looking for you.
Yukie: We can't have the party without our guest of honor.
Tadakatsu: Me? I'm--
Momoyo: What, you're not coming?
Yamato: You'll come, right?
Tadakatsu: I...
Tadakatsu: (That's right. I...)
Tadakatsu: (I've wound up wantin' to be with them.)
Tadakatsu: ...Yeah. Let's go.
Yamato: Are those tears of joy I see in your eyes?
Tadakatsu: L-Like hell they are!
*We'd made a new friend.*
*As for Aoi Touma...*
Touma: ...These documents will mean the end for my father.
Jun: I've gathered documents too.
Jun: ...This is going to raise hell at the Aoimon Hospital.
Touma: Now isn't that a wonderful thought, Jun?
Jun: Yeah. It was a pain in the butt investigating all of this...
Jun: But it feels like a big weight's off my shoulders, like the skies have cleared.
Touma: In truth, I feel much the same. Though we shall be surrendering to the police.
Azumi: Are you ready? Well, I'll be guarding you, so you ain't got nothing to worry about.
Touma: Yes. Let us go.
Azumi: Hey, Baldie!
Jun: What?
Azumi: You still a lolicon?
Jun: Eh, that's really just my nature.
Azumi: Damn, you're incorrigible. You'll be six feet under and still be going after little girls.
Azumi: Well, try to stick it out a little longer.
Jun: Yeah.
Touma: So then... Shall we depart?
Koyuki: ...Touma... Jun... I should go too.
Touma: Yuki, there's no need for that. You didn't do anything wrong.
Jun: Be a good girl and wait for us.
Koyuki: Mm-hm.
Hideo: Worry not. All of Our power shall be used to protect her.
Azumi: Ah, Hideo-sama! Good work today.
Jun: I'm more worried about her getting spoiled and fat.
Koyuki: Mmngh! That won't happen, Baldie!
Jun: Hahah. Then I'll see you soon. *head pat*
Touma: We'll contact you as often as we can. *head pat*
Koyuki: ...Mm-hm!
Azumi: That's an obedient girl you've got there.
Hideo: It did take her a long time to come to terms with this...
Touma: Now then, Jun. Let us depart.
Jun: Yeah.
Hideo: We shall accompany you to the site.
Azumi: Stacy, Lee, take care of Yuki.
Maid 1: Yes, ma'am.
*The car departed, taking the two of them away.*
Koyuki: ......!!!
Maid 2: Ah, hey, get the fuck back here!
*Koyuki chased after the vehicle.*
Koyuki: ...TOUMA! JUN!
Jun: She's--
Touma: She's chasing after us, I see.
Azumi: It's fine. The Servant Corps will calm her.
Koyuki: I'll be waiting!
Koyuki: So the moment you get back, do what you promised!
Koyuki: I'll be waiting, so--!
Hideo: Do not cry. This is where your life begins anew.
Jun: ...Don't ask the impossible.
Touma: Let us return here as soon as we can.
Jun: Yeah...
Hideo: What is this thing you promised?
Touma: A simple thing... Which is why I seek to realize it as soon as possible.
Jun: Right? Wait for us, Yuki!
*Until the promised day when the three could play together once more.*
*We watched from afar...*
*As the building we'd used as our secret base was demolished.*
Gakuto: ...This feels kinda weird.
Shouichi: After all the fun we had in there, I figure we owe that building a salute.
Kazuko: Awww. I didn't think I'd feel this sad...
Tadakatsu: I'm sad, too... Might've only been in there for six months, but seein' it go still hurts.
Momoyo: But we made sure to take this with us.
*She had in her hands the agave saplings.*
Momoyo: This is our symbol, after all.
Yukie: Shall we replant it somewhere?
Momoyo: Sounds good... How about beside the Kawakami Temple gate?
Kazuko: Yeah, that sounds great! That way, it'll be cared for perfectly!
Takuya: And no one can demolish the Temple!
Chris: Then let us hurry and go plant it.
Kazuko: I'll go get permission from Grandpa!
Tadakatsu: ...Still, that old man's got a lot of pep.
Momoyo: I'm not sure he's planning to ever die.
Cookie: Then let's all go to the Kawakami Temple together.
Miyako: Yeah, let's.
Momoyo: How are you doing, Miyako? Are things going well with everyone in class?
Miyako: I can talk with them a bit now.
Momoyo: Oh, nice going.
Miyako: I'm a lone wolf forever! But it's nice to have some contact with people.
Momoyo: Then I can graduate with peace of mind.
Miyako: As if that was your biggest concern... You've got chutzpah.
Momoyo: Heh heh heh.
Takuya: Things still haven't calmed down at the Aoimon Hospital, have they?
Yamato: No, thanks to Touma's accusations.
Yukie: Both the director and assistant director were arrested.
Tadakatsu: When the two turned themselves in, they brought their parents down with them.
Takuya: Those adults were absolutely atrocious.
Shouichi: They sure made a show of it. It was so exciting!
Yamato: ...I wonder if they're all right.
Shouichi: They'll be fine. Their talents are nothing to sleep on.
Yamato: Yeah, I suppose so.
Shouichi: I've got this clear picture of them in my mind's eye, and I'm telling you, they look great.
*There was no proof behind Shouichi's prediction.*
*But the scene could be imagined all the same.*
Touma: We're back, Yuki.
Koyuki: Yay! Yay! Touma! Jun!
Jun: We've made it through the gauntlet of public scrutiny and come home.
Touma: The sins may still remain... But it is time for us to go.
Jun: Yeah. I'm with you to the end, Young Master!
*I was absolutely certain...*
*That the three would be given another chance at life.*
*After all, they had so much potential it was disgusting.*
Shouichi: Maybe we can plant it around here?
Lu: Well, you may use whatever spot you'd like.
Tatsuko: Assistant Master Lu, I've finished the laundry.
Tatsuko: Hey, it's Yamato-kun.
Yamato: Haha. Is everyone well?
Tatsuko: Yep. Ami and A-chan are hard at work off in the mountains.
Yamato: You still haven't found Ryuuhei?
Tatsuko: Oh, we got a postcard. Turns out he's joined some foreign mercenaries.
Yamato: A fighter till the end, huh?
*He'd probably perish someday.*
*But maybe this was the life that would make him happy.*
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun, come on over.
Miyako: I won't let him.
Gakuto: Oh, c'mon... Let's hurry up and plant it.
Tadakatsu: Let's get this over with.
Shouichi: ...Sweet, now we just have to pack the dirt back on top.
Chris: I see the task is complete without me being able to do anything.
Shouichi: Let's head on back to the Tama River.
Shouichi: Who thinks they can beat me there? GO!
Yukie: I knew it would come to this!
Chris: We have largely grown accustomed to your style!
Gakuto: It's finally time for me to prove to you what I can do!
Kazuko: I'll never lose in a footrace!
Takuya: Then we'll just take our time.
Miyako: Mm-hm.
Tadakatsu: Like hell I'm goin' that crazy over it.
Momoyo: What's wrong with a little enthusiasm?
*The Tama riverbed sparkled in the spring sun.*
Chris: Mmm, spring weather in Japan is so pleasantly warm.
Miyako: Remember, no crying back in Germany because you're lonely.
Chris: I-I shall not cry, truly!
Momoyo: They do say that March is the season of farewells.
Momoyo: I'm graduating, Chris is heading back to Germany, Capt's leaving on an adventure...
Chris: ...Though there were the sudden fights, the journey was fun.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Shouichi: That's right, this time together was a blast.
Shouichi: Some of us like Chris are heading far off, then you got those like me who're chasing after their dreams...
Shouichi: Maybe having our secret base taken out was what spurred us into action.
Shouichi: --We're putting a temporary halt to Friday Meetings.
*Formally announced our leader.*
Kazuko: We... are?
Yukie: I guess we have to...
Takuya: ......
Shouichi: What're you all looking so glum for? You're all gonna be hanging out in the same school.
Shouichi: And there's no need to worry. I said 'temporary' for a reason.
Shouichi: When we get the chance, we're all gonna gather together once more!
Tadakatsu: For instance... when that happens.
Takuya: When the agave blooms, right?
Yukie: It would be nice if everyone's dreams have blossomed by then.
Gakuto: Really, yeah!
Miyako: Though Mayucchi, your dream of obtaining 100 friends might be the hardest...
Matsukaze: Ouch!
Yukie: What a cruel thing to say!
Momoyo: Heh heh. I already can't wait to see the day.
Kazuko: So then, Kuri! Wanna have one last, big battle?!
Chris: You are belligerent to the end, Dog.
Chris: ...Your impression on me has been so strong that, no matter how far I go, I doubt I shall ever forget you.
Kazuko: Hmph!
Chris: Hah!
Tadakatsu: It's the very end, and you two ain't changed one bit...
Takuya: Capt, seriously, please don't die on your adventure.
Shouichi: No worries! If things get rough, I'll still have the Kawakami spirit!
*Our silly little chat went on for a little while longer.*
*I knew everyone felt the same loneliness I did...*
*The kind you feel as a festival comes to an end.*
*Yet the day still ended all too soon.*
Yukie: ......
Takuya: ......
Momoyo: ...The sun's about to set...
Miyako: --!
Kazuko: ...Yeah, it is.
Chris: Indeed. My ride awaits...
Chris: ...I have to go!
Miyako: ...Mm-hm.
*The fun memories we'd shared held deep in our hearts...*
Cookie: Well? What am I supposed to do?
Shouichi: Geh! I forgot all about it.
Cookie 2: You bastard...
Miyako: You have me.
Cookie: Ahahaha. It's good to be with you, Miyako.
Tadakatsu: You're a calculatin' little guy.
*We each stepped forth along our respective paths--*
Shouichi: SWEEEET!
Shouichi: The sun's set, and the festival's over!
Shouichi: Let's face tomorrow! Keep pushing forward!!!
Kazama Family: Yeah!
*--towards a future that was as bright as the sun.*
====================act_n_百代アフター.bin====================: Kawakami Academy was in shock.
*Momo-senpai -- THE Momo-senpai -- had a boyfriend!*
*And the boy was her childhood friend, the sophomore Naoe Yamato!*
*--2-F.*
*I couldn't believe how many people were here to check me out.*
Umeko: All of you, quit blocking the hallway.
*Ms. Ume drove them off, thankfully.*
Yamato: ...There's so many of them.
*It had never really occurred to me how much attention I'd get from winning Momo-senpai's heart.*
*The looks the girls gave me especially stung.*
*They must have been Momo-senpai's fans. They terrified me...*
Yamato: Oh, a text.
*Nee-san had written me, saying 'Sneak on up to the rooftop.'*
Momoyo: Man, I had no idea the whole school would be in an uproar over this.
Momoyo: All this, just because I've fallen in love? Sheesh, I'm famous.
Yamato: Everyone keeps staring at me, either out of jealousy, rage, jealousy, or respect.
Momoyo: Wait wait. Why respect?
Yamato: Because to someone on the outside, you're like a god.
Momoyo: Rude. I'm just a--
Yamato: A beautiful girl?
Momoyo: ......!!!
Momoyo: Whoa! Don't suddenly whisper that in my ear! I-It's embarrassing.
Momoyo: But good job sneaking up on me.
*She grabbed my head.*
*We must've looked nothing like a normal couple.*
Momoyo: ...Okay, let's say we skip school and go have fun.
Yamato: Yeah, why not?
Momoyo: What happened to Mr. Serious?
Yamato: I just want to be with you.
Momoyo: Awww...
Yamato: I just want to be with you.
Momoyo: You said it twice. Mmn, you're so cute!
*She rubbed her cheek against mine.*
Momoyo: So, where to?
Yamato: How about another trip to Nanahama?
Momoyo: Oh, the place we went on a date?
Yamato: I could barely enjoy myself back then, I was so nervous.
Momoyo: Yeah... And you wore the kind of clothes you never wear.
Yamato: This time, let's just have fun!
Momoyo: All right, let's go. Toh!
*--Nanahama.*
Yamato: Let's ride the ferris wheel.
Momoyo: A ferris real already? Yamato, your mind is so dirty.
Yamato: Wait what?
Momoyo: You'd drag a beautiful girl like me into a small cabin and shut the door? What are you planning to do then?
Yamato: ...I think we both know the answer to that.
Momoyo: Ooh, the bar has been raised. Now I'm really looking forward to traveling through the sky.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure it takes a dirty mind to look forward to something like that.
Momoyo: Well maybe I am a nasty woman. I do have a harem.
Yamato: And now you're being defensive... Well, whatever. Want to hold hands?
Momoyo: Whoa, we're a real couple!
Momoyo: Yay!
Yamato: Hey! If you keep swinging our hands, you'll bother everyone around us!
Yamato: Wait, you're enjoying waiting in line this much?
Momoyo: I'm enjoying it because it's fun.
Momoyo: Going anywhere would be fun with you.
Yamato: Oh.
Yamato: Well, I'm having tons of fun too, you know!
Momoyo: Yep, I know. But you think you have to hold back because otherwise, nothing will stop me from going off the rails.
Yamato: I'm surprised you realized that.
Momoyo: What's the big deal? Kick back and have some fun.
Yamato: Whoa, your hug is crushing me!
Yamato: ...But wouldn't people laugh at us then, call us lovebirds?
Yamato: I don't want that, so I've made up my mind only to flirt when we're alone!
Momoyo: Then let's get ourselves some of that alone time!
*We boarded the ferris wheel.*
Momoyo: Do you think they'd get mad if I started rocking everything?
Yamato: Please don't. You'd give someone a heart attack.
Momoyo: Yeah, yeah, I know. Let's check out the scenery.
*Nee-san sat next to me and started swinging her legs.*
Momoyo: ......
Yamato: ......
Momoyo: We're in a small cabin, and we've shut the door. So what comes next?
*She demanded I do something now.*
Yamato: I guess I can. It's just you and me.
Yamato: We could even kiss the night away.
Momoyo: Hmm, that long?
Yamato: N-Nee-san?
Momoyo: That would mean you're assaulting me.
Yamato: Umm, I don't think I'm the one doing the assaulting here...
Momoyo: ...Yamato... You're mine.
Yamato: ...I know.
Momoyo: Do you? Do you really?
Yamato: Yeah, I do.
Momoyo: I really hope I don't catch you staring at Mayu-Mayu's ass in the kitchen.
Yamato: Wh-What are you talking about? I'd never do that.
Momoyo: And you get only the occasional glance at Kuri's legs under those short skirts she loves.
Yamato: H-How did you...?
Momoyo: I mean, I can put two and two together. Watching you is one of my hobbies, after all.
Momoyo: From now on, keep your eyes on me.
Yamato: That was the plan.
Yamato: Though actually, Nee-san...
Momoyo: What?
Yamato: I'm ecstatic that people see us as lovers.
Momoyo: Yeah.
Yamato: I don't want to act that excited, since I've built up a reputation for being stoic, but...
Yamato: If you keep pushing my buttons...
Yamato: Nee-san! Mnn!
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn... *kiss*
Yamato: Mn... *smack, kiss*
Momoyo: Mnn... *smack, smack*. Heheh, that came out of nowhere.
Yamato: I love you.
Momoyo: Then I super love you.
Yamato: I love you to pieces.
Momoyo: I triple-dog-dare love you.
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: Yamato...
Yamato: *kiss*... Mn.
Momoyo: Yamato... Mm, mn... *kiss*
Momoyo: Mm... *kiss*
Momoyo: Last night, I thought about you for hours... About when you were little, when you were older, the past few days...
Yamato: I was thinking about you, too.
Momoyo: Oh, then I should've called you.
Yamato: Yeah... But your cell phone bill's getting up there, right?
Momoyo: Don't be such a drag... You're my boyfriend, so do something about it.
Yamato: Not happening!
Momoyo: Wow... I didn't think you'd be so strict.
Yamato: When you're so wild, I don't have a choice.
Momoyo: Would you have me any other way?
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: But I won't cheat on you.
Yamato: I'd kill you if you did.
Momoyo: Yeah, same to you.
Yamato: You love me that much? That's wonderful.
Momoyo: But that's with guys. Now, if the right lady comes along...
Yamato: HEY!
Momoyo: Then your job will have to be making it so I never want to.
Yamato: I'll do it! I'll make you mine!
Momoyo: Yeah, do it.
Yamato: Dammit, I love you!
Momoyo: Yeah... I love you too.
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*
Momoyo: *kiss*... Weh heh heh. This is fun.
Momoyo: I couldn't care less about fighting...
Momoyo: So long as we're together.
Yamato: (Oh!)
*This might be the secret to neutralizing her addiction to battle.*
Yamato: Oh, Nee-san, we're almost at the bottom.
Momoyo: So?
Yamato: So the staff will see us.
Momoyo: They'll see a couple. So what?
Momoyo: Mnfh! *Kiss!*
Yamato: Mn, whoa.
*Nee-san was passion incarnate.*
*People say rumors are short-lived, but...*
*Nee-san and I still got strange looks when we were together.*
*--Lunchtime.*
Momoyo: Yamato.
Yamato: Nee-san, what brings you here?
Momoyo: I made us lunch.
Yamato: ...Did Hell freeze over?
Momoyo: Dude, that's rude.
Momoyo: I went through all this work to surprise you, and that's how you respond?
Yamato: Oh, I didn't mean it like that. I'm glad, really.
Ikurou: You two sure are close.
Momoyo: Well, whatever! I'll let you off the hook!
Yamato: Umm, Nee-san?! We're in my classroom!
Momoyo: Haha. Shocked you, didn't I?
Ikurou: Dammit, I hate myself for watching! But I can't look away!
Ikurou: If you're gonna flirt, then flirt right here! I'll handle taking pictures!
*A heartbeat later, and Yonpachi lay pummeled on the floor.*
Momoyo: He's a monkey in heat. You saw him moving his camera towards my skirt.
Momoyo: Yamato, let's go eat outside.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: I've got you now!
Yamato: ......!!!
*In front of everyone?!*
*W-Well, it should've been too quick for any of them to tell.*
Haguro: Holy shit! I am, like, so jealous!
Chris: Such impropriety... You should be ashamed of yourselves.
*...Save for a few exceptions.*
*--On the rooftop.*
Yamato: I really... appreciate you cooking for me, but...
Momoyo: Relax. If this were a story, I know my cooking would turn out to be awful, but that's not my story.
Yamato: Let's find out...
Momoyo: Say ah.
Yamato: You're going to shove the food down my--oomph?!
Yamato: *om nom nom*
Yamato: Oh, it's actually good.
Momoyo: Right? I tasted some myself, and it's perfect.
Momoyo: Still, you're surprised by that? That's rude.
Yamato: How'd you make it?
Momoyo: I asked the trainee monks for pointers, and then went for it.
Momoyo: Cooking's never seemed worth the effort before, but it turned out to be nothing!
Yamato: That's amazing, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Eh-hem.
Momoyo: Unless it's academics, I'm your girl!
Momoyo: Now, eat up. I'll keep you coming for my food.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: So next time, it'll be your turn to get me something.
Yamato: Is that the way this works?
Momoyo: I'd be down for your home cooking.
Yamato: ...I don't think either of us wants that.
*As we went back and forth, I finished off the last of the lunch.*
Momoyo: Yamato, I don't sense anyone else up here on the rooftop.
Momoyo: And nobody's climbing up the stairs, either.
Yamato: Then there's nothing to stop us from flirting!
*I embraced Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Mmn, your hug's nice and strong.
Momoyo: *sniff* Oh, it's the smell I like.
Yamato: You complimented me on it before, so I've been mainly using it ever since.
Momoyo: Hmm, this feels good.
Momoyo: Your scent and the smell of the shampoo blend together so... perfectly.
Momoyo: ...Yamato... Mmn.
Yamato: Nee-san... *kiss*
*Our lips naturally met.*
Momoyo: Hm... *smack*... *lick, kiss*...
*And our tongues followed soon after.*
Momoyo: Mn, heh... *kiss, smack* mnn.
*I responded with a French kiss.*
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn... *smack, kiss, slurp*
*Saliva flowed between us.*
Momoyo: Yamato... *kiss, slurp* mnn...
*And my hands found their way to her body.*
Momoyo: Mnn!
*While I continued to hug her, I stroked her butt.*
*That would normally piss her off, but...*
Momoyo: Mmm! *kiss* *smack* mnn... *slurp*
*Instead, she kissed me with even more passion.*
Momoyo: Pwah... Heheheh.
*Our eyes met, and we both broke into smiles.*
Momoyo: One more time...
*Nee-san was all for this, but--*
Momoyo: Oh, that's Ms. Ume coming up the stairs... Shit.
*Reluctantly, she pulled away from me.*
Yamato: We'll have to pick up where we left off back at the base.
Momoyo: ...Yeah.
*And so we quickly came to lust for each other's flesh.*
*It felt like an extension of what we'd always done.*
*Physical contact was a natural thing for us.*
*Our school trip was to Honjo, Saitama.*
Umeko: We'll now go tour Honjo.
Touma: Come now, Yuki. You mustn't wander off.
Kazuko: Even if we're just in the next province over, I'll still psyche myself up and have fun!
Kazuko: Huh? Where's Yamato? He was right here a second ago.
Shouichi: He asked me to cover for him, then slipped off.
Kazuko: Bwuhhh? He slipped off? But where to?
*--The Shimazu Dorm.*
Momoyo: Hey there.
Yamato: Come on in.
Momoyo: Wow... It's actually completely empty.
Yamato: After all, Mayucchi's the only one we left behind to hold the fort, and she's off training at the Kawakami Temple.
Yamato: The rest of the gang's on the school trip, while Cookie's guarding the secret base.
Momoyo: ...Okay, all right.
Yamato: There won't be anyone here tomorrow or the next day, either.
*Yes, I had slipped away from the school trip and taken the first train back to Kawakami.*
*It was easy enough, when we had only gone to Saitama.*
Momoyo: Then we can live the sweet life. Mnn.
*Nee-san hugged me tight.*
Momoyo: At school or at the base, there's always interruptions.
Yamato: Yeah. So right now, here at the dorm is perfect.
Momoyo: I have a friend covering for me, saying I'm sleeping over at her house.
Yamato: ...Nice. *kiss*
Momoyo: Right? *kiss* mn... *lick*
*We kissed passionately in the hallway.*
*I caressed her body, and her hands were no less bold.*
Yamato: Nee-san... *kiss, lick*
Momoyo: Yamato... Mm... *kiss, lick, slurp*
*We kissed our way to my room.*
Yamato: Hmm, hold on a bit, Nee-san.
*In the blink of an eye, I had the futon laid out.*
Momoyo: Wow. So you're that kind, the type that powers up when sex is in the cards.
Yamato: Come here, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Okay.
Yamato: And you're going right along with me. That's so cute, mnn.
Momoyo: Right? So treat me like I deserve... *kiss*
Yamato: ...Nee-san...
Momoyo: ...Yamato...
*As we kissed, we wound up like this.*
Momoyo: Ahh... Well this is turning into something incredible, lil' bro.
Momoyo: I'm usually the one putting you on your back.
Yamato: Yeah...
Momoyo: So, what do you wanna do to your big sister?
Yamato: I want to keep going. To go... all the way.
*I said, rubbing her legs.*
Momoyo: ...Heheh... Sure.
Momoyo: And I can't wait to see how good you are, you little cutie.
Momoyo: If you need any pointers, just ask your big sister.
Yamato: Yeah...
*I slid my hands up and down her graceful, muscle-bound limbs.*
Yamato: Nee-san... You're so beautiful.
Momoyo: Yeah... And it's all yours. Awesome, right?
Yamato: Yeah, it's too much. I think I have to kiss you soon.
Momoyo: *kiss*
Yamato: I mean, I'm about to make the cutest big sister in the world cum.
Yamato: I can't think of a better sight than that.
*I said as I poked at her huge boobs.*
Momoyo: You're going to make *me* cum?
Yamato: Yep.
Momoyo: Hmm? So the cute lil' bro I see before my eyes thinks he can make me cum?
Yamato: O-Of course I can.
Momoyo: There's no reason we can't both enjoy this, Yamato.
Momoyo: No need to put all the pressure on yourself.
Yamato: Mn, I'll be fine. With you, this feels more like fooling around and just having fun.
Momoyo: Haha, yeah, you're not wrong.
Momoyo: ...Still. You, making me cum? Heheheh.
Yamato: Wh-Why are you laughing?
*I stroked her belly button and thighs over her jeans.*
Momoyo: I just can't see it.
Momoyo: Though I can definitely see me and my hands making you squeal.
Yamato: Nope, I'm going to make you cry out!
Momoyo: Your bluffs... they can be so cute.
Yamato: ...Enough! I'm taking your clothes off.
Momoyo: Eeek! I'm the most beautiful girl in the world, and I'm being stripped.
Yamato: ...Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: ...Heheh. Look at you gasping.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're freaking beautiful, and sexy, and... Damn.
Momoyo: Right?
Momoyo: And your eyes, it's like they're bloodshot. Wow.
Yamato: I mean, how else am I supposed to react?
Yamato: And really, that black underwear? It looks incredibly sexy on you.
Momoyo: Heheh. I knew you'd like it.
Yamato: Yeah, I love that color.
Momoyo: You're not taking my pants off?
Yamato: Let's keep them on for now. I want to savor this.
Momoyo: ...You're such a pervert.
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll make sure to satisfy you that much more.
*I said as I laid kisses laong her white skin.*
Momoyo: Mnn... Heheh.
*She patted my head and watched as my lips moved up and down her arms and stomach.*
*When I reached her fingers, I made sure to lick each and every one.*
Momoyo: You're so cute, Yamato... I'm getting excited.
Yamato: Nee-san... I love you... I love you so much.
*I pressed my lips and tongue so hard against her tender skin that it might even have left a hickey.*
Yamato: Your beauty even extends to your belly button, Nee-san.
Momoyo: I've heard a lot of girls say that. Okay...
Yamato: And the back of your neck too. Mn... *kiss*...
*I kept crawling my tongue along her sweet, feminine curves.*
Momoyo: Mmm... That tickles...
Yamato: How about your ears? *kiss*
Momoyo: ...Mm... Heh.
Yamato: And your collarbone. *lick*
Momoyo: That's pretty niche... Mnn.
*And then I touched, through the fabric of her jeans, her secret garden.*
Yamato: (I'm the only one person who can touch her here.)
Momoyo: ...You look so perverted.
Yamato: With how amazing this sight is, what do you expect?
Yamato: I'll take this off too...
*I reached for her bra.*
Momoyo: Heheheh. Do you even know how?
Yamato: You tell me. It's already off, isn't it?
Momoyo: Th-That was fast...
Yamato: ...So these are your boobs.
Momoyo: Heheh. Today's finally the day a man gets to see them.
Momoyo: You can do to them whatever you want.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me that... But first.
*I took off her belt.*
Yamato: Let me see down there too... I'm taking it off.
*I pulled them down her legs.*
Momoyo: ...Why are you going so slowly?
Yamato: So I can savor every moment.
Momoyo: You really are perverted...
*And now the only thing covering her was a single pair of black panties.*
Yamato: All right, I'm going to start feeling up your boobs.
Yamato: Just know that, even if it's too much pleasure for you to handle, I won't stop.
Momoyo: Heheh. Let's see it.
Momoyo: I mean, you won't, but go ahead and try.
Yamato: Yep, I will.
*I'd spent years wondering how those giant knockers must feel, and now I was about to find out.*
Momoyo: Mn... How is it, Yamato?
Yamato: Ninety centimeters... Whoa.
*I began to grope that soft flesh.*
Momoyo: And the first person to feel me up is Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: That's not the only first time you'll experience tonight.
Momoyo: Heheh... Mmm... You're not holding back, are you?
Yamato: Does it hurt?
Momoyo: Nah, I'm fine... I just didn't think you'd be this aggressive -- Mmm...
*She shivered, and her boobs jiggled.*
Yamato: Nee-san... I could get addicted to this. (I felt her up more and more and more.)
Yamato: Right now, keeping these pants on is torture.
*I started them down with one hand.*
Momoyo: Mmm... Don't rush... My boobs aren't going anywhere.
Yamato: Sure, but look...
*I pulled my briefs down too.*
*And so my swollen rod flashed into full view.*
Momoyo: Whoa...?!
Yamato: Nee-san, this is how turned on you've made me.
Momoyo: I-Isn't that... pretty big?
Yamato: Wow, is it? I'm glad.
Momoyo: I don't have much to compare against, but... It's impressive just to l-look at.
Yamato: And just touching you made me this excited...
Momoyo: Yamato?
Yamato: Nee-san, I want you to feel good too!
Momoyo: Wah!
*I grabbed her boobs with both hands.*
Momoyo: Mm, you're r-really at it now.
*Her texture was so soft and slightly sticky against my hands.*
Momoyo: Those... hands of yours, they're so nasty...
*I caressed those sweet mounds of flesh with both hands.*
Momoyo: Don't even have the focus to talk anymore, mn, Yamato?
*I took my time, throughly enjoying their youthful firmness.*
Momoyo: Heh... Heh, my oh my... You're taking this so seriously that you can't even spare the energy to sweet-talk me?
*Her breasts glistened with sweat, and I didn't want to let go of them for an instant.*
Yamato: Nee-san... It's starting to feel good, right?
Momoyo: ...Hmm?
Yamato: Your voice is starting to sound sweet.
*I kneaded her breasts, then took a firm grip of the whole thing.*
*I did all sorts of things, tried all degrees of strength, seeking whatever gave her the most pleasure.*
Momoyo: Yeah... Heh, you're not wrong... I'm getting a nice, numb feeling...
Momoyo: But this? This isn't me being turned on. Mmn, not yet.
Momoyo: That said... mmm, you really are doing whatever you like, Yamato.
Yamato: It was always my dream, you know, doing this to your giant boobs.
Momoyo: R-Really? You really are a nasty--mmn--boy.
Yamato: (Nevertheless, Nee-san's still so composed.)
Yamato: (Now then... I've been focusing on her breasts. I didn't even touch her nipples...)
Yamato: What about over here?
*I tickled my finger against her pink protrusion.*
Momoyo: Fwah!
Momoyo: Uh.
Yamato: Huh?
Yamato: Was that an amazingly cute cry I heard just now?
Momoyo: W-Was it? It must've just been--Ah!
Yamato: ...So you like it when I touch your nipples.
Momoyo: Wh-What's with that weird grin?
Yamato: I mean, I'm just so glad I've finally figured out what turns you on.
Yamato: And I won't leave it alone, Nee-san.
*I pinched her nipple, then rolled the base of my finger over it.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mm... Mmm...
*And from how her nipple responded, I could tell she loved it.*
Momoyo: Huff, mm... Mm, mnah...! Ah!
Yamato: Nee-san, your nipple's incredibly hard now.
Momoyo: ...Kh, huff, huff... Huff...
Yamato: It must feel good. That look of yours right now is really cute.
Momoyo: Mmngh... Stop staring so much...
Yamato: Nope, I'm not looking away. *stare*
Momoyo: Kweh... Mn... Mmm, stop focusing so much... mmm...
Momoyo: On my nipples... Ah... Kh...
*I continued to brush my nails against her nipples, to lightly push on them.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah... Are nipples your favorite thing in the world or something, man? Mnn.
Yamato: I like them, but I'm only focusing so much because it looks like this is making you feel incredible.
Yamato: See? Even I can turn you on. I'm so happy.
Momoyo: S-Sure... Mnn, it does feel good...
Momoyo: But I don't know if I'd say I'm turned on -- ah!
Yamato: Your bluffs are so cute, Nee-san.
Yamato: Then I'll keep playing with them, like this.
Momoyo: Ahhh?!
*I focused my ministrations even more heavily on her nipples.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato?!
*I yanked them, rubbed them.*
Momoyo: Ah, th-that's so strong... Mn, mm.
Momoyo: I-I can't... Ah, stop pulling!
Yamato: I know this is turning you on, Nee-san. Your nipples are rock hard...
Momoyo: Mm, mm... Mm... Mmm.
Yamato: It's a little brother's duty to make his big sister feel good.
Momoyo: Ah... Heh, ah, ah... Ah...
Yamato: You're turned on, aren't you?
*I pressed down on her needle-sharp nipple as if it were a button.*
Momoyo: Awah!
Yamato: How is it?
Momoyo: Kh... Y-Yeah... I'm t-turned on.
Momoyo: Huff, ah, when you touch me... My chest feels so hot...
Momoyo: Mn, kh, I never knew... nipples could feel this good.
Yamato: Thank you for your honesty. I'll reward you with a kiss.
Momoyo: Mnn... *kiss, kiss, lick*
Momoyo: ...Ah, Yamato. Don't stop. Kiss me more.
Yamato: Okay. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mm... *kiss, kiss, kiss*...
Yamato: Pwah. Nee-san, stick out your tongue.
Momoyo: Like this...?
Yamato: Mn... *lick*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Mnn... Mmm...
*Our tongues wound around each other, and I let saliva pour into her mouth.*
Yamato: Pwah. Then I'm going to fondle your breasts more now, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: You're going to feel incredible.
*I then touched both of her nipples at once.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh!
Momoyo: Y-Yamato, that's too much -- st-stop! Ah!
*I toyed with them as much as I could.*
Momoyo: Fwah! Ahh! Hah! Mnah! ...Ah, ahh...
*I rubbed them with the base of my fingers, sometimes pinched and twisted them with the tips.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah... Ahhh, mnahhh!
*Her hips shot up like a bridge between her ankles and chest.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato, if you keep going, I'll...
Momoyo: Ah, ahhhhh...
Yamato: (Huh?)
*Her womanly cry echoed across the room.*
Momoyo: Fwah, huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Nee-san... You just came, didn't you?
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: O-Ooh...
Momoyo: Yamato, little bro, you made me cum...
Momoyo: And with just your fingers too... Damn.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're so cute.
*I gently kissed her.*
Yamato: If just my fingers made you feel this good...
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Yamato: What do you think my lips can do?
Momoyo: ...Ah, n-not right away, Yamato.
Yamato: Why not?
Momoyo: It's sensitive, so...
Yamato: So you want me to do it, don't you?
Momoyo: N-No, you idiot.
Momoyo: Kh, hah, g-get your hands off my nipples--ah!
Yamato: No need to be in such a rush. I'll suck on them.
Momoyo: No, don't--
Yamato: *slurp*... *slurrrrrrp*
Momoyo: Ah! Fwaahhh!
Momoyo: Mn, mnahh, Y-Yamato, I can't... mn!
Yamato: I want to hear you moan, more and more.
Momoyo: Ahhhh! D-Dammit, you'll regret this -- ah!
Yamato: Seriously? You're going to take vengeance?
Yamato: Then I'd better to whatever I want now while I still can.
*Once I'd licked my tongue all along her areola, I fully fondled the other breast.*
Momoyo: Mnn, ah, ahhh, st-- ah!
Yamato: I'm going to make you cum from your boobs a second time, Nee-san.
*I noisily sucked on her nipple.*
Momoyo: No, don't suck! Ahhhh, ah, kh!
Yamato: Cum again while your little bro sucks on your teats, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Khhh, ah, ahh, ah, ah!
Yamato: Amph...
Momoyo: Kh, ouch...
*I'd tried bearing my teeth and biting down hard.*
Momoyo: Huff, huff, Yamato, that's not how you treat a beautiful gir--Ah!
*I gently licked where I'd bit her.*
Momoyo: Ooh, ah, ah... I'm feeling numb...
*I sweetly licked her, soothing her wounds, coupled with the rare bite.*
Momoyo: Haaahhh!
*Bites I always followed with thorough licks.*
Momoyo: Kh, ah, man, are you a baby, the way you're sucking on me?
Yamato: C'mon, give me milk!
Momoyo: Like hell I can, you idiot! Kh, hah, ahhh...
Momoyo: Mm, ahhh! Huff, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: It feels good, right?
Momoyo: Fwah... Mnkh, ah, ahhh...
Momoyo: Kh... I-It feels so good...
Momoyo: Ah, my boobs feel so good, Yamato...
Momoyo: How can anything feel this amazing? Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: I hear being touched by the person you love makes it feel even better.
Yamato: Which means you must really love me, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yes, I love you, Yamato, I love you...
Yamato: I love you too, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yamato!
Yamato: I love you, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Ahhh, ah, ah, ah, ah... Yamato, Yamato!
*I nibbled on her nipple as I pulled it back.*
Momoyo: Fwwwaaaaahhhhhhhh!
*Shudders ran through her body.*
Momoyo: Ah... Ah... Ah... Huff... Huff...
*The breast I'd sucked on heaved with her every gasp of breath.*
*As I gazed at that sight, I reached down and removed the final piece of her clothing.*
*Slid the black underwear down her thighs.*
*Then I opened wide her legs.*
Yamato: Holy... You're so wet.
*Her slit was largely free of pubic hair.*
Yamato: I'd always assumed you'd have a bush.
Momoyo: Argh, sh-shut up...
*The climax had left Nee-san sluggish, giving me the opportunity to gaze at her slit.*
Yamato: So this is yours... It's so pretty.
*Unable to resist, I pressed my face into her crotch.*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Hm? Ah?!
*Then I sucked on her virgin slit.*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Mnkh, ah, you're licking me.
*And as I slurped up the white liquid dripping from her pussy, I continued to caress her.*
Yamato: Hah... Huff, Nee-san, I have a request.
Momoyo: ...Mn, huff... Huff, wh-what?
*I whipped out my dick, fully hard and dripping with precum, and brought it to her lips.*
Yamato: This time, I want you to lick mine.
Momoyo: You what...?
Yamato: You heard me. Please, Nee-san.
Momoyo: S...
Yamato: Sure?
Momoyo: Shut the hell up!
Yamato: Whoa, you've recovered?!
Momoyo: Why the heck would I have to do that to you?!
Momoyo: Sure I like you, but I'm a warrior. I've got my pride!
Momoyo: Yamato, I'm going to be on top, got it? You can stay on bottom.
*There was no resisting her might. She pushed me on my back, face-up.*
Yamato: N-Nee-san?
*Asking her to blow me must've crossed some line.*
Momoyo: You're just gonna lie there and moan, got it?
*With that, she gripped my pole.*
Momoyo: In the heat of the moment, did you really think you'd get away with calling me by my name?
Momoyo: Guess what? You're going to regret that.
*Then she brought my pole up to her gushing entrance.*
Momoyo: Here we go... I'm taking your V-card.
*Slowly but surely, she lowered her hips.*
Momoyo: Mn, your hot thing is so... Mn, kh.
*She slowly but surely continued down, offering me her virginity.*
**rip*... *tear*...*
Momoyo: Gh... Ugh, ah!
Yamato: Ooh, ah, Nee-san... Are you good?
Momoyo: O-Of course I am... Th-This is nothing.
Momoyo: But it's a damn good thing flash healing doesn't apply to my hymen.
*I'd taken Nee-san's virginity.*
*The realization made my cock even harder.*
Momoyo: Mn, kh... Ah, huff, huff, it's all in there.
Yamato: Ah... N-Nee-san, your pussy... it feels so... incredible.
Momoyo: Kh... Yamato... Yours is so hard, it's like a fire inside me.
Yamato: Kh, it feels like your vagina's alive, ah, it's so good.
Momoyo: Mnfh. Wh-What's wrong, Yamato? Why are you looking so cute?
Yamato: I'm not moving, but your insides are still so... Ah, ah...
Momoyo: Haha. Listen to you squeal like a girl, Yamato.
Momoyo: Heh... The pain's dulled off for me.
Yamato: W-Wait, Nee-san. If I keep fucking you raw, I'm going to cum inside you.
Momoyo: ...Sure, go ahead. Cum inside me whenever you want.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: Mn... C'mon, I'm moving. Kh... Mn.
*She moved her hips ever so slightly.*
Yamato: Wow... Your insides are... Mnaaah!
Momoyo: Mn, I can feel your thing shivering inside me.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, you don't have to move one bit... I'll just, mnah, keep moving...
Yamato: Kh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: ...I'm the one messing with you, remember? Heheheh.
*She smiled like a bully with her prey as she entered a smoother rhythm with her hips.*
Yamato: Kh... Amazing.
Momoyo: Mn... Well? How is it? ...Mn... You sure had your fun with my breasts, lil' bro. Mnph.
*She continued to assault me, splashing sounds echoing from down below.*
Momoyo: It's pulsing so hard... You're about to cum, aren't you?
Yamato: ...Mm, mm... It's too good, I can't...
Momoyo: Ah, mm, mmm... Go ahead, cum whenever you'd like.
Yamato: Mm, but I can't, not yet. Not before I please you.
Momoyo: Mm... You still think you're in charge here?!
*Nee-san lifted up her sweaty butt.*
Momoyo: Mnkh! Ah, kh... H-How about this? Mnph!
*She sped faster and faster, stimulating me.*
Yamato: Ah, ah! It's like you're eating me alive!
Momoyo: Heh, heheh. Mn, that's because I am, Yamato...
*I looked at her anew.*
*My manly cock was stabbing into her beautiful, sweat-glistening body.*
*It was the hottest sight I'd ever seen.*
Momoyo: Mnkh, your big sister's gobbling up your virginity... Mnn, mmm.
Momoyo: Dude, tell me you like this.
Yamato: I-I do... Nee-san... Ah, ahhh!
Momoyo: Heheh, mn, that's so adorably honest. Hah, hah!
Yamato: Ah, ahh, ahhh!
*Her membranes squeezed tight around me.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. Th-This is how it's supposed to go!
*The pleasure was incredible, like she was sucking me dry.*
Momoyo: Heh, mnn, it's way too early for you to attack me!
*Every time she moved her hips, her walls rubbed tight against my precum-coated penis.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mnkh, mm... H-How's that, Yamato?
Yamato: It's good... Ah, I can't take much more... It's too much.
Momoyo: G-Go ahead. Show me your O-face.
Yamato: Kh, ah, ahhhh...
Momoyo: Mn, mm, what're you holding back for, you dumbo?
*She reached down and pinched my left nipple.*
Yamato: Ahh... That feels so good!
Momoyo: Hmph, mn, well then. Looks like your nipples got hard too...
*As she talked dirty to me, her hot pussy wrapped tighter around my penis.*
Yamato: I-I really can't take any more, Nee-san!
Momoyo: You gotta tell me when you cum, Yamato!
Yamato: Th-There's no way I can--Ah!
Momoyo: Say it! That's an order from your big sister! Kh, mmn!
Yamato: --! Ah, ahh, I'm cumming!
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnn! It's so hot...
*I blew one hell of a load inside her pussy.*
Momoyo: Mn, mm... Kh, ooh, there's... so much...
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: Huff...! Yamato, your spunk's filling me up...
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: --Heheh, that was so cute, lil' bro! Mn, *kiss*
Yamato: Nnm...
*She laid an ardent kiss on my lips.*
Momoyo: *kiss* Pwah, you actually said it... You're so cute
Yamato: Kh...
Momoyo: Want to know something even more surprising, Yamato?
Yamato: Eh?
Momoyo: Heh, heheheh. As a beautiful girl, this is kind of awkward, but...
Momoyo: I'm not still satisfied.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: I'm going to keep going, so you'd better keep up, lil' bro.
Yamato: Nee... san?
Momoyo: I love you, so we're going make love until I say so.
Yamato: Ah, ahhh!
*And so she wrung me dry until morning.*
Yamato: Maybe that's how it would end for most guys, but...
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: Eigh! (I thrust deep into her.)
Momoyo: Fwah! You idiot! Don't surprise me like that!
Yamato: After that first round, my engine's in gear, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yamato?
Yamato: Truth is, I'm not satisfied either. See?!
Momoyo: Ah! Your thing is moving inside me... Ah!
Momoyo: You just came, but... You're still so big... and so hard... and you're moving inside me... Mnn.
Yamato: Yeah! This time, I'm moving too! Mmph!
*I thrust up into her, practically as payback for before.*
Momoyo: Mnah! D-Don't surprise me like that, ah, mnah, ah, huff... Kh, ah!
*This was the pleasure of making love.*
Momoyo: Yamato, you're so rough! ...Kh, mn, ah, mnfh!
Yamato: Now it's your turn to feel good!
Momoyo: Mnf, mnn! Dammit, I told you, I'm running this show!
*Nee-san's pussy clenched down on me.*
Momoyo: Right now, I'm the one making you feel good... Ahh?!
*I took a firm hold of her hips and began grinding into her.*
Momoyo: Kh, akh, you're so deep inside me, mnah, ah, mnfh, ahh, mnn!
Momoyo: D-Dammit, Yamato... Mn, huff, ahhhn!
Yamato: You looks so cute when you're turned on.
Momoyo: D-Dammit, mnph, I'm still fighting back! Teigh, teigh!
*Nee-san wriggled her hips.*
Yamato: Ooh.
Momoyo: Mn, mn... Mn, you cheeky bastard, turning me on this hard. Mnph, you little...
*She bounced her beautiful ass on my hips, pounding into me.*
*Nasty, moist sounds echoing around us.*
Yamato: Mnah, it feels too good! But I won't lose!
*Stubbornly, I moved my hips.*
Momoyo: Kweh... Ah, your hot thing is hitting me so deep...
Yamato: And your pussy's so tight, I can't take the pleasure...
Yamato: My hips just keep moving, see?!
*Thrust! Slap!*
Momoyo: Ahh...! You're churning inside me! Fweh, huff, ah... Ahhh!
*Her insides grew even tighter.*
*I thrust up, like I was a ram busting through a door.*
Momoyo: Ahh, khhn, you're slamming into me... Fwahh, I feel numb, ahh, ahhn, ah!
Yamato: And I feel so good fucking you so deep!
*The rhythm of our gasps and hips began to align.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato... Mnah, when did you get so good... Ah, kh, this is amazing, ah, ahh!
Yamato: My mind's blank. I'm just moving my hips!
*Again and again I slammed into her.*
Momoyo: Mn... Huff, ah... It's my first time, mn, ah, and it still feels so good!
**squish* *slam**
Yamato: It sounds so nasty, Nee-san.
Momoyo: That's because you're thrusting so hard, mn, ah... Kh, you think you're so hot... Mn, ah!
*Nee-san moved her hips even more.*
*And with every movement, her giant boobs heaved. I couldn't look away.*
Yamato: Ahh... Nee-san...
Momoyo: Mn, mm, mmm... Ah... Yamato... Yamato!
Yamato: Nee-san. L-Let's cum together. I'm about to...
Momoyo: A-All right... Guess that's how it's gonna be. Mn, ahh!
Yamato: So even now, you're still bluffing...
Momoyo: N-No I'm not -- Ah, ahhhhh!
*I started thrusting so hard, like I was trying to shave away the walls of her pussy.*
Momoyo: Ahh, fwah! Ahhhh! Ah, ah, you're so rough! Ahh, mnn, mm, mm, Yamato!
*Her vagina contracted around me.*
Yamato: Mnahhh! I'm cumming, Nee-san! Nee-san!
*I grabbed her hips with both hands, yanked her close to me.*
Momoyo: Ah?! Ahhhh!
*At the same time, I thrust deep inside her.*
*Spurt! Spew! Spurrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Fwah! Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*With my dick pressed tight to her womb's entrance, I leashed a torrent of semen.*
Momoyo: Oh... Whoa... Y-You're at my deepest point... Gushing with cum...
Yamato: There's still more... Ah.
*Her vice-like grip wrung the sperm from my dick.*
*Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Momoyo: Kh... Ahh, it's pouring into me...
*Some even started to dribble from our crotches.*
*I wanted to let every last drop out deep inside her.*
*So I raised my hips and let the semen continue to flow.*
*Spew... Spurt...*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff... Ahh...
*Her breathing was ragged as it shot into her.*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Nee-san, we came together.
Momoyo: ...Yeah... That was kinda nice.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: But I'm supposed to be attacking you. How'd things wind up even?
Yamato: If anything, it's your turn to be on the defensive.
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: --I'm still not remotely satisfied.
*Inside her pussy, my penis hadn't wilted, but was instead at full mast.*
Momoyo: Y-You're still like that after cumming twice?
Yamato: With a girl as beautiful as you, I'm like the Energizy Bunny.
Momoyo: Y-You're even more of a pervert than I thought, lil' bro...
Yamato: --Here I go, Nee-san!
*I reached out and took a firm grip of her boobs. They glistened with sweat.*
Momoyo: Ahh?! Ah, ahhh, what are you--
*Then I rolled my fingers over her nipples.*
Momoyo: Ahhh?! Mn, fwah, a-and you're moving your hips -- Ah!
Yamato: I have to make your insides completely mine.
*I moved my penis, spreading the semen along her walls.*
Yamato: I'll make it so I'm the only person ever on your mind, and you won't ever be able to look at a girl the same way again.
Momoyo: Mn, fwaahhh, kh, don't do so much to my breasts! Mnn, ahah, mnah!
Yamato: How about I go harder instead? There, I've pinched your nipples.
Momoyo: Mnaahhh...! Y-You idiot...
*Her pussy squeezed down tight around my dick.*
Momoyo: Ahh, mnn... Kh, mmn...?! Fwah, wh-what's going on?! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Oh, I thought that might feel better. I'm pretty sure your G-spot is right below your belly button.
Momoyo: Ahh, ahhh, m-my G-spot?
Yamato: It's here, right? (I shoved into it.)
Momoyo: Ahhh! Fwah, ahhn... You're being too rough!
Yamato: I knew it, mn... Mm.
*I continued to scratch my tip against her sensitive membrane.*
Momoyo: Fwaah, I-I can't believe -- Ah, ah, mnahhh!
*And of course I didn't forget to play with her stiff nipples.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Your moans are so sexy.
Momoyo: Ahh, y-you're like a beast inside me! Mnah, Y-Yamato... Kh, ah, ahh!
*And I groped her breasts, squishing them like putty.*
Momoyo: Mnfaaahhh, kh, you're being way too naughty!
*Her pussy scrunched down on my cock.*
Yamato: I feel incredible. I already came twice, but...
Yamato: I'm still fucking away. (I shot my hips up again.)
Momoyo: Mnaahhh...! R-Right now, I can't even do anything to stop you! Ahhh...
Yamato: That's fine, Nee-san. Let yourself feel good. Just being inside you is all the pleasure I need.
Momoyo: Y-You're so rough! Kh, ah, fwaahhh...
*I pinched and pulled at her nipples, pressed down on them with the pad.*
Momoyo: Ahhh...! I-I can't take any more, Yamato...! Ah, ahh, ahhh!
Momoyo: L-Let's take a break! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Why?
Momoyo: Ahhh, b-because I'm just squatting here with you making me cum! Ahhh, I d-don't want to just--
Yamato: But that's wonderful!
*I thrust deep inside, reaching all the way to her womb.*
*A shiver ran through her limbs.*
Momoyo: Kh, ahh, huff, huff, huff... L-Little bro, you're making me...! Ah, mnah, aweh!
Yamato: But the way your pussy's clamping down is incredible.
Yamato: Isn't this what you've always wanted?
Momoyo: Sh-Shut the hell up. There's no way I--Ahh, ah, ahhh...
Yamato: Really? I sort of masturbate to you, but...
Yamato: You've never fucked yourself thinking of me?
Momoyo: N-Not like this!
Yamato: ...So you do masturbate to me.
Momoyo: Ahh?! Y-Yamato, damn you--Fwah!
Yamato: I'm so happy. I want you to feel real good!
*I twisted her nipple as I thrust into her.*
Momoyo: Hah! Ahh... I never took you for a bastard... Ah, mn, mmm...
Yamato: Rude. This is love, and love is life!
*As I groped her giant boobs, I slammed my hips into hers.*
Momoyo: Mnwah... Ah, ahh, ahhhh! Y-Yamato... I-If you keep going, I'll... Ahhh!
*Her hot walls clamped even harder around me.*
Momoyo: Mnn! Ahh, I-I'm going to cum! Ahh! Y-You too... Cum with me again... Fwah!
Yamato: Mmm, this time, just you cum. I'll watch.
Momoyo: Ah, ahhh, q-quit staring, you idiot! Stop! Fwaahhh!
*I shoved my hips and yanked with my hands, driving Nee-san to her peak.*
Yamato: *stare*
Momoyo: Mnaaaahhh! S-Stop! Ah, ahh, ahhh! You're staring at me as I--Fwaaahhh!
Yamato: Nee-san, you have to tell me when you cum too!
Momoyo: Ah, ahhhhhhhhh!
*Shudders shot through her body.*
Yamato: Ah, you didn't tell me!
Momoyo: Sh-Shut your mouth. Who do you think you are? Huff, huff, huff, huff... Huff...?!
Yamato: I think I'm your boyfriend. And I said it when you asked me to.
Momoyo: Ahhh, wait. Don't move yet! Ahhh!
*I took a firm grip of her alabaster-white breasts.*
Momoyo: Ahh, I just came -- I'm too sensitive -- Mnn! Kwah, wah, anmph, mmm... Ahhh...
Yamato: Does it feel good, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Ahhh... Kh, mmn, ahhh, it's incredible... This feels so good...
Momoyo: Your hands, your cock, they've completely turned me on! Kwah, ahh, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute when you admit how you're feeling.
Momoyo: Fwah, ah, mnahh, ah, mnkh, d-don't play with my tits so much! N-Not again... I'm going to cum again... Ahhh!
Yamato: Go ahead, Nee-san. Cum as often as you want.
Momoyo: Kwaahhh! L-Leave my tits alone! Mnaahh!
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: That's twice in a row you came without saying it. Don't forget this time!
Momoyo: Fwah, don't move your hips right now! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: I won't stop until you say it.
Momoyo: Fwah! Wh-Why do you have to keep going after my... mnah, ahhh, fwah, ah, ahhh!
*I prodded the entrance to her womb with my glans.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, f-fine... Ah, mnn, I'll say it!
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah!, y-you're making me cum... Your big dick's making me cum...
*As she spoke, her membranes began to contract.*
Yamato: Mnahh! M-Me too, I'm... I'm so close.
Momoyo: Y-Yeah... Cum. Shoot your load inside me... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mnn, you want it inside you, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Yes... Fwah, give it, I want your cum, give me your hot semen, shoot it all inside me!
Yamato: Mn, I'm cumming!
*I shoved my hips as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, I'm c-cumminnggggg!
*I pressed myself up to her womb's entrance and blew my load.*
*Spurrrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Momoyo: Kwaaahhh...! Mnaaahhhh...
*My hot semen splattered onto her womb.*
Momoyo: Mnaah, ah... Ah... There's still more... Huff.
*She quivered as my seed poured into her.*
Yamato: We're not done yet, Nee-san.
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Yamato: I need to make you my woman, so I won't stop until you start begging for more.
Yamato: After all, we're going to have so much sex while they're on the trip.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, huff, Y-Yamato... You son of a...
Yamato: How do you wanna do it next?
*--That evening, in the dorm hot springs.*
Momoyo: Hufff! Ahhh, mnaaahhh!
*We were still going at it.*
Yamato: You like it like this, don't you?
Yamato: Your moan was nice and cute.
*I kneaded her boobs as I continued to fuck her.*
Yamato: Your pussy's so hot, it feels so good.
Momoyo: Ah, ahhn... Mn, well it b-better. Mn, after you've fucked me so much...
Yamato: The pain's completely gone now, isn't it?
Momoyo: ...If anything, I want you to keep fucking me.
Momoyo: Geez, whose fault do you think this is? You've made this beautiful girl fall from grace, you naughty boy.
Yamato: You've always been like this. Don't blame it on me.
*I whispered as I moved my hips.*
Momoyo: Fwaaahhh! Ah, you're so deep inside me again!
Momoyo: Haah, ah, mnn... Kh, every thrust is like a shockwave... Ah, huff, huff... Mn, kh!
Yamato: I'll rub you here too... There!
Momoyo: Mnaahhh! Ahh?! Mn, ahhh, m-my ears, they tickle...
*I stimulated her ears and the nape of her neck.*
Yamato: So that's another place that turns you on. And if I lick along the outside of your ear...
Momoyo: Mn, mnff, ahhh, kh, yes, I'm so sensitive there...
Yamato: Right? You're so cute.
Momoyo: Mn, dammit, is 'cute' the only word you know?
Yamato: But it's the truth. You really are cute, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Yamato...
Momoyo: Y-You can't just change up what you call me like that. You'll give me a shock.
Yamato: Ahaha, I can tell you loved it. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mn, w-well yeah... It's weird, how much I love hearing you say my name.
Yamato: It proves you're a beautiful girl. You're so cute.
Momoyo: Do you really think so?
Yamato: Yea, I do.
Momoyo: I never thought the day would come when my little bro would butter me up.
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: It's weird, how making love to you for hours and hours is the happiest thing that's ever happened to me.
Momoyo: The clouds of bloodlust are floating away.
Momoyo: Not to say I don't want to fight -- I do... but... My heart just feels so clear.
Yamato: That's wonderful. Really.
*Being unable to fight had been a source of frustration.*
*Frustration she could dispel through sex with her lover.*
*It was as simple as could be, which suited her perfectly.*
*And if this would mollify her urge to fight...*
Yamato: (Then I'll happily swing my hips every single day!)
*I pounded up into her.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, you're fucking me again? Mnaahhh, the second I think you're gentle, you get so violent... Mnaaahhhh!
Yamato: I have to use the carrot and the stick, after all.
Momoyo: A-And yet I can hear your voice trembling.
Yamato: Oof... You noticed? Your pussy just feels so good.
*So good that I wanted more and more.*
*And I think she liked it rough, that she wanted more.*
Momoyo: Mnf....! Y-You're getting bigger inside me?! Mn, mmm, so you're looking to shoot your milk? Ah, mnah!
Yamato: Mn, th-this must be my tenth load.
Momoyo: Ah, ahh... How many times do you intend to do it? There's no space left in me for your cum.
Yamato: I'm just getting started. I have at least another ten loads in me.
*I fucked her harder, going into the final stretch.*
Momoyo: Fwaahh! Ah, ahhh! ...Incredible, ah, Yamato, you're incredible... I feel so good, ahhh!
Momoyo: Mn, mmm... Ah, I'm cumming... Yamato... Yamato... Yamato... Ah, ahhhhh, ahh!
Yamato: Nee-san, I'm cumming!
Momoyo: Yes, cum, cum for me Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Mnkh!
Momoyo: Ah, mnah... Fwah! Ahhhhh!
*Spew! Spurrrrrrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Ahhhh! I'm cumminnnnggg!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ahh! You came inside me...
Momoyo: That's going to -- mnph -- make me cum!
Yamato: Yeah... You're cumming and cumming, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Huff... Huff, huff... Huff... A-And whose fault is... Mnaah, it's so hot!
*I stayed inside her, relishing the sensation.*
Yamato: It's nice to do it in the bath. That way, I don't have to worry about the semen getting on stuff.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, I'm pretty sure that'd be true anywhere...
Yamato: From now on, let's bathe together as much as we can, Nee-san.
Yamato: And you can wash me yourself. With your boobs.
Momoyo: How much of a thing do you have for boobs, little bro?
Yamato: I am just like you. Well, boobs are pretty awesome too, to be fair.
Momoyo: ...It's not like I care... When I'm doing it for you.
Yamato: Really, that would make me so happy. Wash my body with your boobs...
*I pulled out of her.*
Yamato: And clean this with your mouth.
*I positioned my dick, dripping with semen and love juice, in front of her eyes.*
Momoyo: ...Ah.
Yamato: Suck it.
Momoyo: ...Okay... Ah... Mmm.
*She said, and buried her face in my crotch.*
Momoyo: ...*kiss* ...*kiss* ...*lick*
Yamato: Mnah, yes... Nee-san... Always clean me off like this after I cum, okay?
Momoyo: Mnf, mm... *kiss* ...*slurp*
*And so I trained Nee-san, at times gently, and at times harshly.*
*As the days went on, Nee-san and I continued to incessantly flirt.*
*However, there weren't any major changes in our lives.*
*Our relationships with the rest of the Family hadn't changed.*
*Nor was there any end to fighters looking to challenge her.*
Kazuko: Oh! Onee-sama, there's a new challenger at the bridge!
Momoyo: Yes, yes, yes! I've been waiting for this!
Ismail: I am God's chosen, the Warrior of Kyrgyzstan!
Ismail: Kawakami Momoyo! Once I defeat you, I will go from being the strongest in Central Asia to being the strongest in the world!
Momoyo: We'll have the match here and now. I can fight in these.
*One second later, Ismail looked more like a dirty rag than a person.*
Momoyo: You're the strongest in central Asia? ...Good grief.
Yamato: ...I see you're as strong as ever.
Momoyo: Normally, I'd be feeling totally let down...
Momoyo: Right now, frustration just passes through me.
Momoyo: This is all thanks to you, Yamato.
Yamato: Nee-san...
Chris: Perhaps you two could get a room?
Miyako: ...There they go again...
Shouichi: But Momo-senpai, you've really mellowed out.
Shouichi: Well, you used to feel like a whole nest of vipers, so I guess things are all good?
Kazuko: Mn-hm. Grampa was super surprised by it, but happy too.
Kazuko: He said that, with all her spare energy going towards your relationship, she has less of that troublesome impulse to fight.
Kazuko: Man, love is super amazing.
*She was impressed.*
*--At school.*
Momoyo: Oh, Yamato. I found you!
Yamato: Nee-san?
Momoyo: Mnheheh. Let's kiss.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: I love you. Mmm
*The two of us started flirting on the steps into the school when...*
Umeko: Ahh... There is clearly no separating you two.
Umeko: Well, that's fine.
Umeko: But there are limits, if you don't want to be punished.
Yamato: Nee-san, we have to stop.
Momoyo: Don't worry about it. *kiss*
Umeko: ...You uncultured swines!
Yamato: Nee-san, stop. Seriously.
Momoyo: ...Fine, all right. Tch.
Umeko: Ugh... I'm a fool to get so upset over you two.
Umeko: Naoe, I'm sure you have a lot to worry about, but good luck.
Momoyo: I'm calling it now -- she's jealous.
Umeko: That is not for you to decide! Nothing could be further from the truth!
*The lady doth protest too much, I thought.*
*--That night, at the Kawakami Temple.*
Momoyo: I mean, I look good in these, but they're so... Girly. Hmm...
Momoyo: Would Yamato like it?
Momoyo: ...Being girly is nice sometimes, personally, but...
Momoyo: Hmmm...
Kazuko: O-Onee-sama... You look...
Kazuko: (Y-You look awful! I'm sorry, but you do!)
Kazuko: (B-But should I tell her that?)
Kazuko: (I-I don't know what to do!)
*Black smoke rose from her ears.*
Momoyo: Nngh, that speaks volumes.
*I'd begun dreaming about her.*
Momoyo: C'mon, Yamato. Come on over.
*Even in my dreams, we flirted.*
Momoyo: Mn, good boy. You're so cute, Yamato. *pat*
Yamato: You're cute too, Nee-san. (I stroked her hair.)
Momoyo: Hahaha, right? I am one beautiful girl.
Momoyo: Mmm
*She slid closer, smooth as water, and stole my lips.*
Yamato: Nn...
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn, heh... Mn, mn.
*Her thick muscles belied the softness of her lips.*
Momoyo: Hamph, mn... *kiss*... Mn... Heh...
*And I answered her kiss in kind.*
*Her kisses grew more passionate.*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Yamato, mm... *kiss, kiss*.. Mm.
Momoyo: Mnn, ahmph... Mnn... I love you... Hamph.
*This time, she playfully bit me with her lips.*
*And I darted my tongue against those firm lips.*
Momoyo: Mn... *lick*... *kiss*...
*She stuck out her tongue, and I wound mine around it.*
*I could hardly believe this was a dream--*
Yamato: --Huh?
Momoyo: *kiss, kiss, kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: I'm not dreaming?
Momoyo: Nope. Good morn--
Yamato: Mnn. (We kissed more deeply.)
Momoyo: ...*slurp*... Mn... *kiss* *peck*
*I suddenly shoved my tongue into her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mmn... Hah, mn... Ah... *slurp* heh... Mn, *kiss*
*But she soon wound her tongue around mine.*
Momoyo: Mn, pwah... Yamato... Huff...
Yamato: Yeah, no dream could feel this good.
Yamato: Good morning, Nee-san... Wait, you're here so early!
Momoyo: Heheheh. I'm certainly here all right.
Momoyo: I thought you'd appreciate it if I were here early, so here I am.
Yamato: I definitely appreciate this a lot, but more importantly...
*I brushed her hair out of the way and stuck my tongue in her ear.*
Momoyo: Mnkh!
Yamato: You missed me too, right?
Momoyo: W-Well... You see... Umm...
Yamato: I see what?
Momoyo: Fwah... Ahh... Yeah... Yamato.
*Nee-san shivered as my breath touched her ear.*
Yamato: You're so cute. I'm so happy. Thank you. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mnn... Mmm... Pwah, it's just...
Momoyo: When I can't see your face, I get so lonely I don't know what to do with myself.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*The ponytail made her even cuter.*
Yamato: But Nee-san, I don't think mouths are that clean when people wake up.
Momoyo: You're worried about that? It's your mouth. *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Nee-san, I'm thirsty.
Momoyo: Yeah... Hold on. *slurp*... *smack*... *smack*
*She held my hand as she got things ready inside her mouth.*
Momoyo: Now drink up. Nmm... *slurp*... Mn... Mm, *kiss*
*Her sweet saliva dribbled into my mouth.*
*And I gulped it down.*
Momoyo: *slurp* *lick*... Mn, heh... Mm... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mn... *slurp*...
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mnn... *kiss* Pwah, huff, huff... Yamato.
Yamato: That was delicious, Nee-san.
*I brought her hand, which still held mine, to my crotch.*
Momoyo: ...It's even manlier...
Yamato: Nee-san, make me feel even better.
Momoyo: Heheh, what do you want me to do?
Yamato: Hmm, let's see... How about...
*I grabbed her boobs, which proudly stood out in clear defiance of gravity.*
Momoyo: Mnaa!
Yamato: You use your nasty tits... (I felt them up.)
Momoyo: Ah, ahh... To do something nasty?
Momoyo: Mn, then... I'll strip down.
Yamato: I'll be the one to take off your clothes.
Momoyo: That part of you is so perverted.
Yamato: Yep, I'm a pervert. And you're the object of my lust.
Momoyo: Heheh, and maybe that's just what I want.
Yamato: You're so wonderful, Nee-san. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mm *kiss* mm... *smack*... Mn.
Yamato: And you should take off my clothes... *kiss*
Momoyo: Yeah, we'll strip each other
*It was so early, but we were already acting like stupid lovebirds.*
*......*
Momoyo: It's so hot... Your cock, it's so hard and manly.
*My rod was fucking the canyon that lay between her mounds.*
Yamato: ...It feels so good.
*Her boobs were so soft, yet the skin clung to me.*
Momoyo: Heheh? You already look like you can't get enough, lil' bro.
Yamato: Your boobs are just too hot.
Yamato: ...Just looking at them is shocking to the senses.
Momoyo: And I figure we're just getting started.
*Said Nee-san, and then she brought her hands to the sides of her breasts and pressed them down on my cock.*
Momoyo: How about that? Tell me it's not like a pressure party in my boobs.
Yamato: It is... It's better than anything.
Momoyo: No no no, it can still get so much better.
Yamato: L-Like how?
Momoyo: Let's go... *smack, lick, suck*... *lick*
Yamato: ...?!
*A hot, moist sensation assaulted my glans.*
Momoyo: I've got plenty of loving in store for your mushroom-like tip. Mn... *lick, slurp*... *lick*
*She attacked with her tongue and lips.*
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... *kiss* amph, mnn...
Momoyo: *kiss* Mmm... *slurp*... *kiss* mnn... Oh, heheh. Now I'm gonna move my breasts too.
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san, this feels so good...
Momoyo: Heheheh, and there's so much more coming. Mn, *kiss, slurp*
Momoyo: *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss* *smack*... *kiss* Heh, you look so cute when you're turned on.
Yamato: At this rate, everything's going to flash white really soon.
Momoyo: Heheh. Cum whenever you want... Mn, hamph, mn... *kiss*
Momoyo: Nmm, amph... Go ahead and cum in my mouth... *smack*... Amph... *lick, lick*
Momoyo: I let you drink my saliva, so you need to sate my thirst too... Mn... *kiss, slurp, slurp, lick* heh, mnn!
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Mn... *slurp* mmm, heheh, it's twitching.
Momoyo: Does it feel that good? *lick, smack*
Yamato: Yeah...
Momoyo: Right, then your big sister'll do her best. Hamph...
Momoyo: Nmm...! Mph... *smack, slurp* mn... *peck, smack* *smack*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Momoyo: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* *kiss*
Yamato: Kh, Nee... san!
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn, amph... Mn... *kiss, slurp*
Momoyo: Yamato... Hamph! *slurp* *slurp* *kiss* *slurp* *peck*... Huff, amph... *slurp*
*Nee-san became even more aggressive.*
Momoyo: It's starting to taste bitter. *slurp* *peck*
*Her moist tongue coiled around my member as she sucked hard.*
Momoyo: Mmnn... *slurp* *peck* *slurp*
*The pleasure was painfully sharp.*
*My hips spasmed as she sucked up my precum.*
Momoyo: ...*Slurrrrp!* *peck* *kiss*
Yamato: Ooh... N-Nee-san... I'm cumming.
*I shoved my hips forward for the very end.*
Momoyo: *slurp*... *slurp* *suck*... *slurp*
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnnn?! Heh, mn, mm, mn!
*I blasted my load deep inside her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mn...! Mn, mn, mn!
*She seemed surprised by the sheer amount of it.*
*But nevertheless, she didn't take her lips off of my still-ejaculating rod.*
Momoyo: ...Mn... Mn. *gulp*... *gulp*
Yamato: Nee-san... You're drinking it.
Momoyo: *gulp** *gulp*... Mnn, mm... *gulp*
*I could hear the purr of her throat as she swallowed it all.*
Momoyo: Mnn, mn... *slurp*... *slurp*... Pwah...
Momoyo: Heh... That was like a tsunami...
Yamato: It felt absolutely incredible, Nee-san. However...
*Just one round was never enough to satisfy my cock.*
Momoyo: It's still so hard. Well isn't that manly?
Momoyo: It looks like it's up for round two. Look.
*Her twin mounds boinged.*
Yamato: Ugh... The saliva and everything else is making it so much slippier.
Momoyo: Yeah, it's moving much more smoothly now.
Yamato: I love you for doing this, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah, and I love you too. From the bottom of my heart.
Momoyo: Mn... C'mon, get even more turned on... I wanna hear you moan.
*I couldn't get enough of the soft stimulation.*
Momoyo: Mnn... So I'm going to lick it again... *lick*
Momoyo: ...*peck*... *kiss*... *lick* Amph...
*After having just came, her lips on my glans felt like lightning.*
Yamato: Kh, ooh... Yes, keep doing that.
Momoyo: *smack, peck, slurp, slurp, lick*
Momoyo: *smack, peck, suck*... Heheh, and for the cherry on top...
*She began to rock her body up and down.*
Momoyo: Heheh. Mn... *slurp, lick, smack*
*Her breasts worked every inch of my dick.*
Yamato: Mngh... I'm just moaning and moaning... Mm.
Momoyo: But it's so cute. What's wrong with that? Mn, *kiss, lick, smack*... Mn, mmm... *slurp*
Yamato: ...I want you to make you feel good too.
*I reached out and pinched her hard nipples.*
Momoyo: Ah?!
*A shudder ran through her body.*
Momoyo: Mnkh... Forget about me. Right now, I'm making you feel g--
Yamato: Wow, your nipples are getting harder. Look?
Momoyo: Mnkh... Mmm... Don't claw at them, mnph.
Momoyo: Kh, ah, and don't yank them either--Ahnn!
Momoyo: Fwah... Kh, don't twist them so hard... Ahh.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're cute too.
Momoyo: Mm... You stupid little... *smack, lick, lick*
*She rocked her boobs, getting payback.*
*Pressure built up from left and right, and she sucked hard.*
Momoyo: ...Mn... *smack*... Mn, oof... *lick* mnn... *smack, smack, smack*...
Momoyo: Heh, looks like your hard cock's cumming again... Mn... *kiss, slurp, lick* mn, mmmm, heh.
Momoyo: Mn... *smack* Amph... *smack* Mn... *slurp*
Momoyo: Mn, ah, d-don't push down on my tits. Mnah... *kiss* Mn... *kiss* *smack*
Yamato: But Nee-san, you're so cute-- Mnn...
Momoyo: My chest feels so hot... Mnah... Huff... Mn... Hamph... *slurp* *lick* *slurp*
Momoyo: *slurp* Mn... *kiss*... *smack*...
Yamato: Ah, I know now, I've made up my mind.
Momoyo: *lick* Mn... *kiss* *kiss* Mnah, a-about what?
Yamato: I'm skipping school today so we can fuck all day.
Momoyo: Mn... Sure, I'm down for that... *slurp* Mn... *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *lick*
Yamato: Mnn, i-if that's the plan... Let me cum on your face.
Momoyo: *slurp* ...Pwah, on my f-face?
Momoyo: You've decided to blow your load on the face of the strongest person in the world? You nasty boy.
Yamato: E-Even if that's too much to ask, please don't stop the titty fucking.
Momoyo: Mmm... Fine. There... How's that?
*Her nipples, hardened after all the time I'd spent teasing them, scratched hard against my dick.*
Yamato: Ahh, kh...
*She relentlessly touched the backside of my glans and my shaft.*
*And then she resumed moving her body.*
Yamato: Ah, ah, Nee-san, I'm...
Momoyo: Yeah, you're gonna shoot your seed from your cock, aren't you?
Yamato: Yeah, it feels too good.
*My dick splashed through the cavern in her boobs.*
Momoyo: Go ahead, cover me with your spunk.
Yamato: Are you sure, Nee-san? You won't be upset?
Momoyo: Your cum, the cum of the man I love? Give it to me.
*She moved even more roughly.*
Yamato: Mn, mn, ah...
Momoyo: Cum, Yamato... Shoot your load on me.
Yamato: Mn, kh, I'm cumming, Nee-san, I'm cumming!
Momoyo: Hah, I'm making you cum with my tits!
Yamato: Kwah!
*Spurrrrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Fwaahh, this is amazing, Yamato! Ah, ahhhh...
*My semen splattered onto her face.*
Momoyo: Fwah, ah, mmn... Mm.
*And tons got on her hair, too.*
Momoyo: A-Are you done? Mnah!
*The last shot I had left arced onto her nose.*
Momoyo: I'm so sticky with your milk...
Momoyo: You've marked me.
*My cum had soiled her beautiful face.*
Momoyo: It's weird, but catching a whiff of your semen makes my mind go blank...
*When I thought of how I'd ejaculated all over my proud sister's face...*
Momoyo: Whoa... It got bigger again. Damn.
Yamato: Nee-san, do that one more time, please.
Momoyo: Mn, okay... But this time, we're going nice and slow.
*She moved her breasts slowly, seductively.*
Yamato: What do you think? Round three and I'm still going strong.
Momoyo: You don't gotta tell me how much of a pervert you are.
Yamato: I've got plenty of loving in store for you later.
Momoyo: Y-You cheeky lil' bro... There, how about this?
*She heavily shook her ample bosom.*
Yamato: Oof...
Momoyo: Whoa, looks like your milk's seeping out.
Momoyo: Does that mean there's more left in there? Let's find out. *lick, lick, gulp*
Momoyo: Mn, your semen tastes so good... *smack, gulp*
*She sucked out the cum left in my urethra.*
Momoyo: Mn... *slurp*... *lick, lick*
*She sucked away like it was the tastiest thing in the world.*
Momoyo: Mm... I wonder if there's any left? Hamph.
Momoyo: *lick* *lick*... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mn.
Yamato: ...Ahh, going slow feels so good too.
Momoyo: *peck* *slurp*...Heh, does anything not feel good?
Yamato: Well, when it's you and me going at it...
Momoyo: ...Sheesh, you and your sweet-talk.
*She gently moved her boobs, sending waves of pleasure to my rod.*
Yamato: Mn... Kh... Nee-san, don't forget your mouth.
Momoyo: Yeah, hamph... *lick, smack*... Mn... *kiss*...
Momoyo: Hamph... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, kiss, smack*...
Yamato: Ooh... Mm.
Momoyo: Heheh, I think I've figured out what turns you on. *smack* mn... *kiss*... *lick*
Momoyo: Like the vein on the back. *slurp* Mn, mm. *lick*
Momoyo: And at your hole. *smack, lick, slurp*
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san... Mmph!
Momoyo: Heheheh... Your tip's twitching again. *slurp* amph... *lick, smack*...
*Her moist tongue gently licked my urethra.*
*Bringing me once more close to climax.*
Momoyo: You're getting worked up, aren't you? Mn... *smack*... Amph.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*I ran my fingers along her areola, occasionally touching her proudly erect nipples.*
Momoyo: Huff, mn, fondling my chest again? Heh... Amph... *slurp*... *slurp*
Yamato: Huff, huff... I mean, I'm once again about to...
Momoyo: Yeah... *kiss*... Mn, heheh, I can tell, you're twitching so much.
Momoyo: Where do you want to blow your third load? In my mouth?
Yamato: Yes, drink it all up...
Momoyo: Okay, cum whenever you like... Hamph... *smack* *smack* *smack* *slurp* *smack*
Yamato: I'm going to move, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mnph! Mn, mn... *kiss*... Mnn... *kiss* *smack*
Yamato: Ahh... It sounds so nasty.
Momoyo: Pwah, your cum's mixed in too. Hamph, mn, *kiss*... *kiss* mn... *smack*...
Momoyo: Mn, amph... *slurp*... *smack*... *lick, lick* but your cum... It's so delicious. *smack*... Mn, *glomp*... *lick*... *slurp*
Yamato: Nee-san, you look so hot, giving me a blowjob.
Momoyo: *smack* Mn... pwah... Damn straight I do. Seriously, I spoil you rotten. *lick* *kiss*
Momoyo: C'mon, cum for me. *lick* Shoot your semen out of your hot cock... Mn... *kiss*...
Yamato: D-Do you want to drink it that badly, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Y-Yeah... I want your milk, Yamato. Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Kh, oof, ooh... Ahh.
Momoyo: You must be close. Hamph... *smack* *slurp*... *slurp* Mn... *lick* Mn... *kiss*
*She dove into the final sprint.*
Momoyo: *slurp* *kiss* Mnn... Mm, aheh, mn, mm... Mmm...
Momoyo: *smack* *peck* *suck* *lick, lick*...
*Her moist tongue and soft boobs began to move with more and more force.*
Yamato: Ah! I-I'm cumming, Nee-san!
Momoyo: *lick, lick, lick, smack, smack, smack*...
*I shot my hips forward, shoving my member deep in her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mn, mmm...! Mn, mn... *slurrrrrrp*
Yamato: Ah, kh... I'm cumming... Nee-san!
*I twisted her tits as hard as I could.*
Momoyo: Mnnnn?!
*Again I started shooting a load into her mouth.*
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnnn, nmm...! Mmmm!
*Despite being round three, I still shot enough cum to surprise Nee-san.*
Momoyo: *gulp* Mmm... *gulp*... *gulp*...
*Splurt! Spurt!*
Momoyo: Mngh...! Mnkh, mnkh... *slurp*
Momoyo: Pwah... Mn, looks like there's still some left inside.
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mn... Heh... Heh.
*She sucked up every last drop.*
Momoyo: *gulp* ... *gulp*... *slurp* Mnn... *gulp*
Momoyo: Mn... Pwah... Huff... Huff...
Yamato: That felt absolutely incredible, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Heheh... I know.
*My penis glistened with saliva.*
*Ultimately, Nee-san had wound up twice drinking my cum.*
Yamato: And there's semen on your body...
*I scooped some up with my fingers and brought it to her lips.*
Momoyo: Hamph.
Yamato: Yes, yes, lick it all up.
*I brushed the semen off her cheeks and onto my fingers, then brought that to her mouth too.*
Momoyo: Mmn, amph, amph.
Yamato: Does it taste good?
Momoyo: Yeah... I could eat gallons of it.
Yamato: Then I'll keep... Oh. Shoot, we're out of time.
*People were going to be getting out of bed any minute now.*
Yamato: Let's hide here until they leave for school.
Momoyo: In the closet? Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Pwah, how about we kiss non-stop?
Momoyo: Non-stop kisses... That sounds nice.
Yamato: And don't cover up your chest, because I'm going to feel them up.
Momoyo: Mnah... Ah, Yamato, you're so nasty.
Yamato: And today, I'm at my nastiest. C'mon, get inside.
Momoyo: Never thought I'd win up hiding in a closet.
Yamato: Watch your back.
Momoyo: Mnkh, warn me before you feel up my ass.
Yamato: You look so good in black underwear, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm... C'mon, you get in here too.
*And so Nee-san and I passed the morning inside the closet.*
Yamato: Whew... Everyone's finally left.
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Yamato, after all that, you'd better believe I'm thirsty.
Yamato: We did kiss the whole time... I've got some cold tea, if you want.
Momoyo: Mn, give it to me.
Yamato: Sure, mouth-to-mouth... *gulp*
Momoyo: Mnn... *gulp, gulp, gulp*...
Momoyo: Pwah. Not enough. I need more.
Yamato: Then okay, here's a bottle of it.
Yamato: I'll be drinking your titty milk.
Momoyo: *gulp* ...Mnkh, you think so, idiot?
**suck**
Momoyo: Fwah... I-I told you there's nothing in there -- Mn, ah!
Yamato: C'mon, Nee-san. We've got seven hours of fun left.
Momoyo: Seven hours with you? You're gonna make me blush.
*I'd felt the hell out of her perfect, giant boobs while we'd kissed in the closet.*
Yamato: Your boobs are always bringing me so much joy, so...
Yamato: Today, let's do something different. Nee-san, can you kneel down on the futon?
Momoyo: Sure, like this?
Yamato: Put both of your hands on it.
Momoyo: Right. Like this? ...Wait. You're having me go on all fours?
Yamato: Yeah, because I want to see you in all sorts of positions.
Momoyo: But this is i-insulting.
Yamato: But won't you stay like that, for me?
Momoyo: ...For you, Yamato? Then all right.
Momoyo: I've fallen for you, and that's my weakness... Do what you want.
Yamato: Good girl, good girl. *pat* *pat*
Momoyo: Mnn... That's a bit insulting, you know.
Yamato: Welp, I'm going to circle behind you and flip your skirt... There.
Momoyo: ......!!!
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll be butt-naked.
Momoyo: Dammit, you're really gunning to do this.
Yamato: Yep. Time to dig in.
Yamato: So Nee-san, can you lift up your butt?
Momoyo: ...Oof. Honestly, you're so nasty.
Yamato: C'mon, hurry up. (I slapped her ass.)
Momoyo: Ah, don't strike me! Th-There... That oughta work.
*She'd lifted her tight ass up towards me.*
*I took firm hold of it.*
Yamato: You look incredible hot, Nee-san. I can hardly believe it.
Momoyo: You asked for this.
*Her butt trembled along with her voice.*
*And her cheeks were red -- she must have truly felt embarrassed.*
Yamato: But you look cool too, with your firm ass.
*I said as I stroked her cheeks.*
Momoyo: Ah, Yamato... Mn, mm...
Yamato: It's so soft to touch... And to grope. *squeeze*
Momoyo: Mnn... Your fingers are so nasty.
Yamato: It's so tight that I can feel my finger springing back up... It's incredible.
*I felt up her ass, lifting up her butt cheeks from below.*
Momoyo: ...Kh... Mn...
*A thin sheen of sweat covered her beautiful ass.*
*So I crawled my tongue along that white skin, licking up the droplets.*
Yamato: It tastes delicious. Mellow, without being heavy.
Momoyo: Ah... Kh, stop embarrassing me.
*But it looked like it was sending her bolts of pleasure.*
*As I softly licked about, Nee-san stuck her butt out closer to me.*
Yamato: There's a stain forming, Nee-san.
*Her panties were soaked beneath her slit.*
Yamato: Nee-san, you've been wet ever since you gave me that titty fuck.
Momoyo: Mn... Ah... That's... Mnph!
*When I touched her there, her warmth spread through my fingers.*
Yamato: Tell me, what's this part of you that's soaking wet?
Momoyo: Th-That's... Mn, it's m-my crotch.
Yamato: No, I think it's your nasty pussy.
*I whispered in her ear.*
Momoyo: Oof... D-Damn you... Stop acting like you're in charge... Mmm!
*When I rubbed her underwear with my fingers, Nee-san twitched, swaying her ass back and forth.*
Momoyo: Kh... When you, the man I love, touches me... Mmm, I can't... fight back... Mn, ah.
Yamato: Then I'll touch you even more.
Momoyo: Mnah... Kh, mm... Yamato.
*As I felt up her ass with one hand, I stroked her slit with the other.*
*Focusing on that slit caused her to become even more moist.*
Momoyo: Mnah... Huff, mnn, stop being so loud... Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Nee-san, your moans are so cute... I'm going to touch you directly now.
*I slid my finger under the side of her panties and pressed my finger against her lower lips.*
Momoyo: Ahh... Your fingers feel so -- Kh... Mnn.
*She was already soaking wet down there.*
*I rolled my finger over her clit.*
Momoyo: Ahhh... Mn, Yamato... Yamato.
*Her beautiful ass quivered heartrendingly before my eyes.*
Yamato: This time, your backdoor...
*I yanked her underwear down.*
*Then I poked my fingers into her buttcrack and spread it wide.*
*Giving me a perfect view of her pink asshole.*
Yamato: You're pretty back here too.
Momoyo: S-Stop looking there. You know that's the wrong hole!
Yamato: So your asshole embarrasses even you from the bottom of your heart.
Momoyo: Damn straight it does. So get your fingers out--
Yamato: After all, I'm sure you've never seen it yourself.
Momoyo: Dammit, Y-Yamato--
Yamato: If you love me, Nee-san, then show me everything.
Momoyo: Loving you is what makes this awkward!
*I spread her buttcheeks even more.*
*Her backdoor squeezed shut, as if surprised.*
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good?
*I poked my love juice-coated fingers against her anus.*
Momoyo: Ahh?! Wh-Why did I have to fall in love with a pervert?
Yamato: But it's twitching. See?
*I fondled her asshole as it trembled with embarrassment.*
Momoyo: Oooh... Mn, I-I can't... Ah.
*I buried my face in her ass and licked the folds of her asshole.*
*Tickled it with my saliva-moist tongue.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mm... Mmm...
Yamato: You taste good here.
*As I caressed her sweaty butt, I thoroughly licked her asshole.*
*The shivers that shot now and then through her ass were so cute.*
Momoyo: Kh, ahhh, wahhhh... S-Stop focusing so much on my -- Mn, ah!
Yamato: I've wanted a piece of your ass every time I've seen you in jeans... And now, I finally have my chance.
*I play-bit and licked her tight ass.*
Momoyo: Huff, mm... Mm, mnah...! Ah!
*Her twitching asshole glowed with saliva.*
*I inserted my tongue into that rear entrance.*
Momoyo: Fwah!
*Shot it in and out of the hole, violating her.*
*The quick, frequent movements let me relish the taste.*
Momoyo: Don't spread it that much -- Mnah!
*Once I'd had my fill, I went back to my fingers.*
*Sending lightning into that embarrassing hole.*
Momoyo: You're putting your fingers in deeper?! Stop, you idi -- Mnph!
*She shook her peach-shaped butt. She was clearly turned on.*
*Her asshole clamped down on my finger and wouldn't let go.*
*I couldn't wait any longer.*
Yamato: I'm going to put it in now, Nee-san.
*Before she could respond, I penetrated her wet vagina.*
Momoyo: Mnaah... Ah, ahh, fwah, you're coming inside me...
Yamato: I can't believe I'm fucking you, Nee-san, from behind... You're so hot.
*I started moving my hips like a beast.*
Momoyo: Khhh, ah, ahh, ah, ah!
*Her pussy squeezed down on my dick.*
Momoyo: Kh... Ah, ahh! You're so rough.
*Her membranes and my penis rubbed tight against each other.*
Yamato: This feels amazing, Nee-san!
*I slowly pulled out, then shoved back in.*
Momoyo: Mn, ahh, ah, ahh, Yamato!
*I kept moving my hips as I observed her twitching asshole.*
*I rhythmically knocked deep inside her.*
Momoyo: If you move like that... Ah, ahhh, ahhhhh!
*I pounded my hips into her vivacious ass.*
*With each thump, I rubbed my glans against a different part of her pussy, as if to relish every inch of her.*
Momoyo: Mm, ahhh! Huff, ah, ahhh!
*She started moving her hips as well.*
*As I felt up her sweaty butt, I matched my timing to hers.*
Momoyo: Fwah... Mnkh, ah, ahhh...
*And she became tighter too.*
Momoyo: Mmn... Yamato... I'm already -- Ahh!
Yamato: Then raise your butt up even higher, Nee-san. I'll make you feel even better.
*Nee-san offered me her butt, just like I'd asked.*
*So I grabbed her hips and kept on thrusting.*
*My cock swelling thicker as I neared my peak.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Mn, N-Nee-san, you're close, too?
Yamato: Is your little bro about to make you cum from behind?
Momoyo: I-I'm cumming...! You're making me cum from behind!
Momoyo: I can't believe this feels so... Ah, ahhhhhh!
Yamato: Cum, Nee-san!
*I slammed into her as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh! I'm cumminnnggg...
*Her already-narrow hole squeezed down on me.*
Yamato: Ah, it's like it's alive in there, mnn...
Momoyo: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Don't rest yet, Nee-san.
*My raging boner rubbed her sensitized walls.*
Momoyo: Mnah, you're moving again? Ahhh!
Yamato: I still haven't cum yet, so... Mnph!
*I started to move my hips in a circle too.*
*Her skin flushed red.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
*And as I moved her hips, I occasionally teased her asshole.*
*I increased my pace, indulging in Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Mnnn...! You're going to make me cum again!
Yamato: Yeah, and I'm cumming too!
*I pounded into her as hard as I could.*
Momoyo: Fwwaaaaahhhhhh!
*I spewed my load into her.*
Yamato: Mn... Ah, ah...
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Amazing... Huff... Huff.
*She'd raised her butt high, letting my seed rush into her womb.*
*--The hallway of the Kawakami Temple.*
Kazuko: Onee-sama, why do you look so spaced out?
Momoyo: Hm? Oh.
Momoyo: I was thinking about Yamato.
Kazuko: Ohh.
Momoyo: It makes my chest feel tight, you know?
Kazuko: That must be love. It smells really mature.
Momoyo: You'll understand one day.
Kazuko: Ahaha. You think so?
*--Autumn, filled for love.*
*Today was Halloween.*
*Which was a big event in Kawakami.*
*And Nee-san had told me she had a surprise for me, so I waited at the secret base when...*
Yamato: Where could she be? And why does she want me by myself on Halloween night?
Momoyo: Trick or treat!
Yamato: Whoa?!
*I found myself suddenly slammed onto the sofa.*
Momoyo: Tada! It's your big sister dressed up for Halloween.
Momoyo: Meowsic to your eyes, Yamato? Meow, meow.
Yamato: Wow, you really got into this.
Momoyo: Today's the one-and-only Halloween, so I thought I'd do something meow-nificent!
Momoyo: Aren't I moe? Aren't I such a nyasty kitten?
Yamato: (Nah, you're more like a saber-toothed tiger who's trying too hard...)
Momoyo: Stop having rude meow-sings!
Yamato: Oof!
Momoyo: Heh hem... Well, I have a purr-fect idea.
Momoyo: We'll change things up today. Sex like this sound a-meow-sing.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: Now, I'll meow-nistrate you!
Yamato: Nw-Nwaaah!
Momoyo: This is a meow-ighty big feast for your eyes.
Yamato: Then Nee-san, you'll have to take your bra off too.
Momoyo: Wow, you don't go easy on a poor girl.
Momoyo: I mean, a poor k-kitty.
*She clearly didn't want to drop the act.*
Momoyo: Then I'll strip meow-self down...
Yamato: I feel like that's getting a bit strained?
Momoyo: N-No it's nyat!
Momoyo: ...Here, my boobs are free.
*She unclipped her bra.*
Yamato: They're as pretty as ever.
*I patted her head.*
Momoyo: Purrrr
*Her cat ears twitched.*
Momoyo: But nevertheless... *sniffle*
Momoyo: You smell so... purr-leasingly strong.
Yamato: You really like the smell of my unwashed penis, don't you?
Momoyo: ...You don't have to mention every eeny-meownie thing.
Yamato: Mnn, then clean it for me.
Momoyo: It would be my purr-leasure.
*Nee-san started giving me a blowjob.*
Momoyo: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
*Her tongue began to lick all over my penis.*
*She'd asked me not to wash it, so I hadn't.*
*She'd said it was her job to clean it.*
Momoyo: *slurp, peck*... *kiss*...
*Every time she found a unclean spot, she happily licked it up.*
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... *kiss* amph, mnn...
*She smeared her saliva over every inch.*
*Poked with her tongue like a teasing cat.*
Yamato: How's my unwashed penis?
Momoyo: It's so meowthwatering... Mnfn.
Yamato: Good, good.
*I stroked her pretty raven hair.*
Momoyo: Purr... I want milk.
*She continued to tenaciously lick my glans.*
Momoyo: Give it to me-ow already.
Yamato: You have to use the magic word!
Momoyo: Please give it to me-ow... I want my milk.
Yamato: Today, Nee-san, you're just too hot!
Momoyo: Heheh... *lick, lick* meow.
*She diligently licked my urethra.*
Momoyo: Meow... *lick, suck*... Meow.
Yamato: That feels so good... You're licking so much.
Momoyo: Purr... *lick, lick* all cats love to lick things.
Momoyo: ...*kiss*... Mn, mm... *lick*...
Yamato: I think it's really easy for dirt to get on the bottom of the glans.
Momoyo: Mm... *lick*... *peck*... *lick*
*She immediately darted her moist tongue down there.*
Momoyo:  *kiss* *lick*... *smack* *peck*
Momoyo: *smack, lick*... *lick*... Mnnn...
*She slowly and diligently cleaned it off.*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp, peck*... *kiss*...
*Precum had long since begun to dribble out.*
Momoyo: Nmm...! Mph... *smack, slurp* mn... *Peck, smack* *smack*... Mnn... *kiss*...
*And she happily sucked it down.*
Momoyo: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* *kiss*
Yamato: Mn, I'm about to cum...
Momoyo: Mn, ooh... Mn... *smack*... *peck* *lick* *lick*
Yamato: Deep-throat my dick and drink up all the milk, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm... Meow!
Yamato: Ugh!
*I spewed my load into Nee-san's waiting mouth.*
Momoyo: Mmm... *gulp, gulp*
*And she swallowed it, savoring the taste.*
Momoyo: Your milk's purr-fect.
*She looked enthralled as she drank my thick load.*
Momoyo: Meow... Meow...! Meow!
Yamato: What's wrong?
Momoyo: As I drank your milk, well...
Momoyo: I want... you to make love to me-ow...
Yamato: You're such a naughty kitty.
Momoyo: But you're the one who came on to me-ow in the first place... *smack, smack*
*She cleaned me off, sucking up the remaining semen.*
Yamato: All right, but are you sure you want to keep doing those puns? You can stop if you--
Momoyo: I'm doing purr-fectly fine!
Yamato: Where'd you get those cat ears? They're so cute. Cute, and hot.
Yamato: I won't take it all off -- I'll leave on a bit of your uniform so you look extra sexy. Then I'll fuck you.
Momoyo: Ah, Y-Yamato, hey, what're you doing? ...Meow.
Yamato: Mnn, I'm putting it in... There.
*I started fucking her missionary style.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh...! Doing it in the base is just, mnah, mn, turning me on even harder!
*I could feel my penis tremble, she looked so sexy.*
Momoyo: Your big cock's coming inside me... Ahhh!
*Her walls happily embraced my member.*
Yamato: But Kitty, don't you love my thick dick?
Momoyo: Y-Yes, this is so a-meow-sing... You're so hard.
*I began slowly moving my hips, focusing on her shallows.*
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust.*
Momoyo: Mnaaahh, I love when you meowve so deep in me.
Yamato: Then that's just what I'll do.
Momoyo: Mnaaahh, ah, ahh?
*I'd shoved myself deep inside her.*
Momoyo: Huh? Y-You're not meowving?
*As I groped her naked breasts, I answered,*
Yamato: Not unless you beg.
*I pinched her nipples, and they quickly grew hard.*
Momoyo: ...There's nyathing you won't stoop to.
Yamato: Well, Nee-san? What'll you do?
*I looked down at her, doing nothing but play with her tits.*
Momoyo: Pl-Please move and pound inside me-ow.
*Her cheeks blushed red.*
*Blushed so cutely that I just had to lick her pretty face.*
Yamato: All right, I'm doing it!
*I shoved my glans through to her inner depths through the tightening resistance of her hole.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Hah, hah!
Momoyo: Mn, ahh, ahhh, fwah!
Yamato: Kitty, don't forget your role! Focus!
Momoyo: M-Meeooowwww!
*Her body swayed with my thrusts.*
*She moaned happily as I groped her chest.*
Momoyo: I-It feels so good... Ahhh, ahhh, meow!
*The act was cute, but I began to fear she'd bite her tongue trying to keep it up.*
Yamato: Seriously, you don't have to force yourself to make the puns, okay?
Momoyo: Mnn, being moe's harder than I thought. Ahhh...
Yamato: Nee-san, that's because you missed the point of it all.
*I said as I assaulted her.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah, ah... Yamato, Yamato!
*Her walls began to twitch and spasm.*
Yamato: Huff, huff, what?
Momoyo: Ahhh, I want your milk in my purr-ssy!
*Her walls squeezed down, trying to wring the semen out of me.*
Yamato: Hm, then I'm cumming!
*I drove my dick as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ah, ahhh, I'm cummmmingggggg!
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
*My seed kept shooting without end.*
Momoyo: Hah... Meow... Ah.
*The last few drops spilled out of her.*
Yamato: You were so cute. Good kitty.
*I kissed her as I ejaculated.*
Momoyo: Purrrr...
*She cuddled up to me.*
*We were such lovebirds.*
*--The Shimazu Dorm, Yamato's room.*
Momoyo: ... *stare*
Yamato: Wh-What?
Momoyo: I'm staring at my naughty lil' bro.
Yamato: Okay...
Momoyo: Geez... You're usually cute, but you're so wild during sex.
Yamato: I myself want to seem manly in your eyes.
Momoyo: Hm. Well, that's all nice and good, but...
Momoyo: Could you stop going after my ass?
Yamato: Nope, no can do.
Momoyo: You didn't even blink... Wow.
Momoyo: Well, I guess that's fine... I'm used to it now anyways.
Yamato: Soon, you'll be hooked.
Momoyo: Don't be ridiculous, silly.
Yamato: Ahaha...
Momoyo: Mmm... Today was fun...
Yamato: Yeah, it was meow-nificent.
Momoyo: Are you looking to get pummeled?
Yamato: You do it too!
Momoyo: Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses.
Yamato: Nah, I was cute, Miss Kitty-cat. (I stroked her hair.)
Momoyo: ...Mmm.
Momoyo: I'm getting tired. Time for bed.
Yamato: I'll see you tomorrow, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm-hm, good night.
*And with those words she closed her eyes.*
Momoyo: Zzz...
Yamato: You're one quick sleeper, Nee-san...
*I looked at my woman.*
Yamato: She's perfect...
*All the work to win her heart had been worth it.*
Yamato: ...Oh, I have to reply to all the texts.
*I tried to slip out of the bed.*
Momoyo: Hey!
Yamato: Whoa.
Momoyo: What gives? Where're you going?
Momoyo: Don't you dare leave me alone.
Yamato: I need to answer these t--
Momoyo: Then do that here. I'll watch.
Yamato: Sheesh, you're so needy.
Momoyo: That's right. I need you in my life now.
Yamato: That doesn't sound much different than before.
Momoyo: Hahaha, I guess not.
Momoyo: Yamato, kiss me.
Yamato: Okay.
Momoyo: Mmm.
Momoyo: Heheh. I love you, Yamato.
*She smiled that perfect smile she saved only for me.*
Momoyo: Hey... Kiss me again.
*She demanded a lot, but I was more than happy to provide.*
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: Mm, you immediately respond to my needs. Wonderfully done, lil' bro.
*-- I hoped that what we had would never end.*
====================act_o_一子アフター.bin====================: Today, Kazuko was once again hard at work to become a registered dietitian.
Kazuko: ...Mnn... So this works like this...
Shouichi: But man, seeing Wanko hit the books is never gonna stop being a shock.
Yamato: This is my specialty... First, we need to get her grades up to the class average.
Shouichi: Wanko, in the middle of the pack in school?
Shouichi: You know I wanna believe in her, but I'm having my doubts over here.
*Ms. Ume told us, bluntly, that Kazuko's academics were bad.*
*But she'd smiled as she spoke.*
Kazuko: ...So then... Next...
Yamato: Her concentration is amazing. The martial arts training is paying off.
*Ms. Ume nodded approvingly.*
*With that much effort there's no reason she can't beat the class average.*
*We had Ms. Ume's seal of approval.*
Yamato: Ms. Ume...
*But there was no guarantee. *
Yamato: Kazuko would still have to study harder than she'd ever done before.
*I shouldn't be surprised.*
Shouichi: So you can't help but get worried about her, am I right?
Yamato: What happened to believing in her?
Yamato: As her boyfriend, I have something to say...
Yamato: I'm sorry. I'm worried too.
*Ms. Ume laughed at my words.*
Shouichi: I mean... Wanko, study?
Shouichi: If you asked her to name the capital of Japan, she'd ask if you could give her a hint.
*We'd all experienced the dumb things she could get up to.*
*Sister came to check on her.*
*She was impressed by how hard Kazuko was studying.*
Yamato: Why don't you follow her example?
*Nee-san ran!*
Yamato: You never change...
Yamato: ...Well, there haven't been anymore earthquakes since then.
Yamato: Nobody was hurt either, so life's as good as it's been.
Shouichi: But that scared everyone into stocking up on emergency goods.
Yamato: Sure, but we'd already stocked up.
Shouichi: Want me to pick up some masks in case there's a flu outbreak?
Yamato: Actually, I've already bought a ton of them. (Using the money I'd won at the gambling den.)
Shouichi: You overlook nothing, do you?
*The earthquake had been one heck of an event, but everyone across the country had made it through in one piece.*
Suguru: What is more exhausting than multidimensional universes?
*Come to think of it, Suguru had been acting weird ever since summer break.*
Suguru: Is there not a door to some other dimension?
Yamato: (Well, that's nothing new.)
*Another peaceful day at school.*
*...After school.*
*We were all taking a walk along the Tama Riverbed.*
Shouichi: Oh yeah, Wanko, you're back to a ponytail today?
Kazuko: Yep. Yamato said he wanted to see it.
Yamato: It's so cultured, after all.
Touma: I understand you completely.
Yamato: Get out.
Touma: You get a girlfriend, and suddenly you have no time left for me?
Yamato: I've always treated you like this.
Touma: But the deep bonds between us are something neither of us can deny.
Yamato: I can. Right here, right now.
*'Want to chase him away, Wanko?' gestured Nee-san.*
Kazuko: Woof, woof!
Touma: Goodness...
Kazuko: Grrrr!
Touma: Hahaha, perhaps it is time to retreat.
Kazuko: Whew, he nearly had you.
*Touma ran from us helter-skelter.*
Yamato: Let's go to the base, Kazuko.
Kazuko: I'll go anywhere with you!
*We were the only ones who went there.*
Yamato: Doesn't look like anyone else is coming.
Kazuko: It's nice to be alone sometimes, huh?!
*Kazuko snuggled up to me.*
Kazuko: Mnn.
Yamato: *kiss*
*We kissed and gazed at one another.*
Kazuko: ...Eheheh!
*We both smiled awkwardly.*
Kazuko: *kiss*
*And kissed again.*
*In a word...*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss*... *kiss*
*We flirted.*
Yamato: You're sure studying hard. *pat pat*
Kazuko: I mean, it's for my dream and all.
Kazuko: But I love it when you compliment me.
Kazuko: Keep going
Yamato: Good girl.
Kazuko: Yay, yay.
Kazuko: Meheheh. *kiss, kiss*...
Yamato: Mn...
Kazuko: *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
*Kazuko sucked on my lips.*
Kazuko: ...Mn... *kiss* *lick*
*At some point, her moans grew more sensual, and she began to use her tongue.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *kiss* Mnheh, Yamato... Mn.
*I rubbed my hands all along her body.*
Kazuko: ...Mnn.
*Until they eventually reached her shorts.*
Kazuko: Mnheh... *kiss* Yamato... Ah!
*I rubbed her butt through her shorts.*
Kazuko: *kiss* *kiss*... Ahmm, we've got a pervert on our hands.
Yamato: No, the pervert has his hands on you.
Kazuko: Eheheh... Because I'm cute? You're making me blush.
Yamato: So I have a favor to ask you... (I squeezed her ass.)
Kazuko: Hau... Mm, ah. Say it.
Chris: You had best not be indecent.
*Chris's words played in my mind, but I shook them off.*
Yamato: Why don't you get on that sofa and...
*............*
Kazuko: Th-This is what you wanted?
Kazuko: Are you sure?
Yamato: Yeah.
Kazuko: But with the shorts, won't it be kinda rough?
Yamato: Not a chance. Please.
Kazuko: Wow, you're as hard as ever.
Kazuko: I'll make it even bigger. *lick*
Kazuko: *lick* Hah, mn... *kiss* *lick*
Kazuko: Yamato... Mm... It's so hot... *lick, lick*
Kazuko: *smack* Hamph... *lick, smack, lick, lick*... *slurp, smack*... *lick*
Yamato: I think you're getting better. It feels good.
Kazuko: Really? Great.
Kazuko: You're going to feel even better... *lick*
Kazuko: Mnf, hamph... *smack* mn... *lick, smack*...
Yamato: Kwah, yes, your tongue!
Kazuko: Haweh, mn... *slurp, lick, lick, smack*... *slurp*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick* mn... *kiss* amph... *slurp* mn... *lick*
Yamato: You're keeping your teeth away now.
Kazuko: Good. Mnn... *slurp*... *lick, smack*
Kazuko: It's proof of the practice I've done servicing you. *lick*
Kazuko: *lick* Mn... *slurp, lick*... *gasp, lick*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Mn... *kiss, lick, lick*. You're already so hard, and thick.
Kazuko: My mouth must've really turned you on.
Kazuko: Yep, training's the best.
Kazuko: I'm going to suck on you lots. Mn... *smack*
*Kazuko's caresses grew more passionate.*
Kazuko: *lick* *smack* *slurp* *slurrp*
*I buried my face in her shorts.*
Kazuko: *slurp* *lick* Yamato, mn... *lick*
Kazuko: Ah! You're licking me through my shorts -- Mn!
Kazuko: Ahn...! Wah...
Kazuko: Mn, Yamato, your face is moving too much!
Kazuko: Hau, ah!
Kazuko: Mm... Fine, then I'll counterattack. *lick*
Kazuko: Ahh, mm, mnf... *smack, smack*... *slurp, lick*
Yamato: Kh...
*I pulled down her shorts.*
Kazuko: Mmm... *lick*... *gasp* Y-Yamato?!
Yamato: I'm licking you too.
Kazuko: Ah, d-don't! If you lick me now...
Yamato: I already know you're wet...
Kazuko: Ah! ...Mm, hah... Oof!
Kazuko: Hah, mnah... Mnkh... Mn, ah...
Kazuko: Ah, y-your tongue... It's so amazing!
*Partway through, I switched over to her asshole.*
Kazuko: Aiee... Th-That's... Ah, Yamato -- Mn!
Kazuko: Ahh... Mm, ah, aiee, mmmm...
*I switched back to her slit.*
Kazuko: Oof, mn... Ahh, hah.
Kazuko: Auu! Ah! Mn... I-I'm...
Kazuko: Licking you too... *lick, lick*
Kazuko: Hamph, ooh... Mn... *slurp, lick*...
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp, slurp*... *smack, slurp*...
Yamato: Whoa... Mn... *kiss, lick, smack* wah... Ah...
*Kazuko sucked on my dick with as much intensity as I licked her.*
Kazuko: *smack, smack*... *lick, lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
Kazuko: *slurp*... Mngh... *lick, slurp*... *lick*
*She serviced my dick, as if this were a competition.*
Kazuko: Amph... *slurp, smack*... Mwah, agh... Mnheh...
Kazuko: Mm... *slurp* *slurrrp*... *slurrrrrrrp*
*Meanwhile, I stretched out my tongue to her most sensitive spot.*
Kazuko: Aiyahh! Ahn! N-Not there!
*I mercilessly licked Kazuko's clit.*
Kazuko: Ahhhhh!
Yamato: You really are sensitive here.
*She twitched every time I touched it.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn... *slurp*... Mngh, hahn...
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp* *kiss*... *smack, smack*...
Kazuko: Hamph, mn... *smack, slurp, slurp*...
Yamato: Ngh... How about this?
*I sucked on her critically hardened clit.*
Kazuko: Kwah?!
Kazuko: Hauu, fwah...
*Kazuko's feminine body shook with pleasure.*
Kazuko: S-Sucking on it... that's cheating... Mn, ahhh!
Yamato: Mn... *smack*...
Kazuko: Wah, eek, ugh! Hauu?!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh... Hmph, y-you meanie!
Kazuko: Mnn, I won't lose! *slurp* mngh...
Kazuko: Heh, mn, ngh... *slurp* *slurp*
Kazuko: Ngh... *lick* *lick* *smack*... *slurp*
Yamato: ...*Smack, smack, smack*...
*We continued to give each other pleasure.*
Kazuko: *slurp* *lick* *smack* *slurp* Ooh, nmph!
Kazuko: Ugh... *slurp* *lick* *lick*... *smack*
*We entered our final spurt.*
Kazuko: Mn... Ah, ahhh, ah!
Kazuko: Mnaahh...! Mn, ahhhh!
Kazuko: Mn, ah, Y-Yamato, Yamato, I love you, Yamato...
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato, cum too...
Kazuko: Amph... *slurp, smack*... Mwah, ugh... Mnf...
Kazuko: Mm... *slurp* *slurrp... *slurrrrrrp*
Kazuko: Mngh... *slurp* *slurrrrrppp*
Yamato: Kh!
*Spurrrrrt!*
*I sprayed the white, nebulous liquid straight onto her face.*
Kazuko: Wah, th-there's so much... Whoa.
Kazuko: Then... Th-That must've felt really good.
Yamato: Yeah, same to you.
*I licked her clit.*
Kazuko: Waahhh, ahh, stop, it's sensitive now -- Mn, ah!
Kazuko: Ahhh! I-If you keep sucking...
Kazuko: Kwaaaaaah!
Kazuko: Oof... Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: *kiss*
Kazuko: Kwah, n-no, you're driving me crazy!
Kazuko: Enough, I'm fine, so -- Ah, Yamato!
Yamato: *kiss, kiss*
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: You came again? You're so cute, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Kazuko: Hau... Oh, b-but I managed to make you feel good.
Kazuko: Since I don't have boobs or anything...
Kazuko: I can't slack off here!
*I loved her noble resolve.*
*So I rewarded her with another press of my tongue against her clitoris.*
Kazuko: G-Geez, again? ...Ah, ahh, ah!
Yamato: How about I lick you somewhere else next, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff... L-Like where?
Yamato: Hmm... School?
Kazuko: Th-That's super tough!
Kazuko: B-But I'll keep pushing forward!
*Kazuko was truly committed.*
*--Kawakami Academy, afternoon gym class.*
Shouichi: Welp, I'm totally in for soccer!
Shouichi: Whoa -- where's Yamato? What happened to him?
*Meanwhile, in the storage room...*
Yamato: We're free to flirt in here.
Kazuko: 'K-Kay...
Yamato: I locked the door, and we can hide down here anyways. Rest assured, this is the safest spot in the whole school.
Kazuko: But it's still in the school... That makes this tricky.
Kazuko: But I'll do my best!
*Kazuko had passionately given me head every day.*
*So I'd started mixing up the location and situation.*
*Kazuko soon crawled up to me.*
Kazuko: *kiss* *lick* Mnfh...
Yamato: Mnn...
Kazuko: Yamato, you're this hard already? When we're in here? *lick, lick, kiss*... Mnfh...
Yamato: Doing it in here is really turning me on.
Kazuko: You pervert... *smack*... Mn... We've got a pervert on our hands... *lick*... *kiss*... *lick*
Kazuko: *sniff, sniff*... You even smell stronger than usual. *lick*
Yamato: Oof. Nevertheless, Kazuko...
Kazuko: Hmm? What, Yamato? *lick, kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: You're getting bolder and more skillful with that tongue.
Kazuko: Well, yeah. I've been doing this every day... *kiss, lick*
Kazuko: Of course I'm getting good at it... *slurp* *slurp*... *lick*... Mnah... *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
Kazuko: Mm... Mnf... *slurp, lick* mn... *lick, lick* *lick*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Kazuko: *lick, slurp*... *lick, lick* *lick* *smack* *kiss*... *kiss* *lick*
Yamato: Kazuko, you're really going at it.
Kazuko: Mn, but I really do like doing this. Heh... Mn... Mm... *kiss, lick, lick*...
Kazuko: *lick* *lick* *kiss*... *gasp* It's twitching and pulsating. It just won't sit still.
Yamato: You're being really forward yourself, considering we're in here.
Kazuko: Y-You don't think I'm embarrassed? ...But you know? *lick*
Kazuko: *lick, smack, slurp*... When I see your dick in front of me, I can't help myself... *lick* *smack, slurp*...
Kazuko: I just start sucking on it... *lick* *lick*
Yamato: A Pavlovian reaction? Yet another way you're canine.
Kazuko: Wah, mn... *slurp* heh... Amph... *slurp, slurp* *smack, lick*...
Kazuko: *slurp* Mn, mmm... *smack, smack, slurp* *lick*... I'm already so wet... *lick, lick*
Yamato: Ahh... Mnkh, this feels completely incredible, Kazuko. No, you're incredible.
Kazuko: Completely, huh? Hmm, so my mouth turns you on that much? Great... Maybe that's thanks to my hard work too.
Kazuko: So... I'll make you feel even better. Ahh... Ahmph.
*Kazuko deep-throated my penis.*
Kazuko: *lick* *slurp* *slurp* *lick* ...Mn... *slurp* awah... *kiss* *slurp* *smack* *suck*
*And licked off the precum.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *smack* *slurp*... *suck* *lick* *slurp* *kiss* *smack*...Mnf... *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*
*No, she swallowed it too.*
Kazuko: Mn, heh... Heh... Heh... *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick*... *gasp* it just keeps coming... Wow... Hamph.
Kazuko: *slurp*... *lick*... *suck*... Amph... *lick*... *slurp*... *suck*... *suck*...
Kazuko: *slurp* *smack, suck* *lick* *slurp, slurp* *suck, kiss* *kiss, lick*...
Yamato: Oh... Kazuko... I'm going to cum.
*My hips started to buck.*
Kazuko: Mn, mnffh! Mn... Nmm... Mn... *slurp, slurp*... Nmm... *slurp*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Ngh... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *lick* *lick* *smack* ...Mngh... *kiss*
Yamato: Oof!
*Spew, spew, spew, spew, spew!*
Kazuko: Mn... Mm, kwoooh...
Kazuko: (Y-Yamato's hot cum!)
Kazuko: Mm, *slurp*... Mn, mm!
*Kazuko took my load in her mouth.*
Kazuko: *slurp*... *smack*... Mn, mm... *gulp*... *slurp*... *kiss*...
Kazuko: (He came so much...)
Kazuko: *gulp* ... *gulp*... *gulp*... *swallow*... Mnn... Mmm...
*Kazuko almost purred as she swallowed my cum.*
Kazuko: ...Mn... *gulp*... *gulp*.. Mn... *gasp*
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, hah...
Kazuko: There's always so much.
Kazuko: But now I don't choke on it anymore.
Yamato: Mmm... Then this time, I'll make you feel good.
Kazuko: 'Kay... You don't need to wear a condom today.
Yamato: Your hips were getting restless while you sucked me off.
Kazuko: I mean... I can't help it while I'm giving head.
Yamato: Another Pavlovian reaction? And that was enough to get you wet? You're a real dog, you know that?
Kazuko: Why would I care? My nickname is 'Dog', after all.
Yamato: Someone's defensive...
Yamato: In that case, be a dog and stick your butt out.
Kazuko: 'Kay. You really like this, huh.
Yamato: That's not very dog-like!
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: Mnn, you're such a cute puppy.
*I pressed my face against her sweat-soaked bloomers.*
Kazuko: *whine*
Yamato: Sweat and bloomers... It's like, they go so well together. Like hermit crabs and popcorn.
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: Mn. See, you're soaking wet already. *lick*
Kazuko: Ooh, ah!
Yamato: I'll play with your clitoris, too.
Kazuko: Waahhh!
Yamato: And with your sweaty asshole.
Kazuko: Oof... Mn... Ah.
Yamato: I think I can stick it straight in you.
*I went all the way in from behind in one thrust.*
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: It's doggy-style fucking for our little puppy... I'm gonna move.
Kazuko: ...Mnn, ah...
*I began to thrust, my eyes focused on her ponytail as it swayed from side to side.*
Yamato: Does it hurt? Mnn.
Kazuko: Mn, ah... *whine*
*That meant she was fine.*
*So I pounded away with my hips.*
Kazuko: Wah, mn... *whimper*
Yamato: Mnn...
*Mm...*
Kazuko: Wah... Ah, mnn!
*Her head jerked up at the sensation.*
Kazuko: Kweh... Mn... Ah, ahhh!
*The powerful squeeze she put on me made my penis twitch inside her.*
Kazuko: Mnkh! Woof, woof!
*Kazuko barked in time with my movements.*
Kazuko: Mm... Ah, mn, kh...! Ah...
*Her walls seemed to melt onto me.*
Kazuko: Waahhh... Mn, mn, mmmm...
Kazuko: Aww... Mn... *whimper*... *whimper*
*She sounded as if she longed for me.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... I'll go harder.
Kazuko: Kwah... Ooh, ah, hah, ah... Ahh!
Yamato: Does it feel good? Bark if it does!
Kazuko: ...A-Awah... W-Woof, woof!
*Kazuko started moving her hips on her own.*
Kazuko: Woof, woof...
Yamato: Th-This roleplaying really feels right with you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: *whimper*
*Sweet moans placating me to go harder.*
Yamato: Mn, okay.
*I began to thump against her behind.*
Kazuko: *whine*
*I gripped Kazuko's rear end as I pounded away.*
Kazuko: Mwha! Ah, ahhhh!
*I stretched my hands further up and began to gently caress the area around her clit.*
Kazuko: Wah, mnn, oof... Mnaahh...
*I slammed my hips against her butt as I fucked away at her.*
Kazuko: *whine* Woof... Wah... Oof!
*Fucked her deeper as moist sounds echoed about the room.*
Kazuko: Mnfh!
*I pulled back, grazing my tip against her sticky walls, then thrust back in.*
Kazuko: Ooooof!
*Kazuko began moving in time with me.*
Kazuko: Aiee, mn... Hwah! Oof... Ahh! Fwah! Hauuu!
*Slaps of flesh against flesh filled the air.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... Kazuko...
*I drove into her even more furiously.*
Kazuko: Kwah! Hah, aiee, ah, ah, mnn, mm, mm, mm!
*Her walls contracted tight against me, squeezing my dick.*
Yamato: ...Ooh... Kazuko, I'm cumming.
*I went harder for the final spurt.*
Kazuko: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, mnah, ah, ahhhh...!!!
Kazuko: Waaahhhhhhh!
Yamato: Kh!
**spurt* *spurt*... *spurt**
Kazuko: Hah, kh... Ahhhhh... Ah...
Yamato: Mmm... Kazuko, you're so cute as a puppy... But you can act like a person now.
Kazuko: *whimper*... Mn...
Yamato: So that's your normal? Mn.
Kazuko: Your hot stuff... is filling me up... Mnn...
*There really was nothing like getting to fill a pussy with your cum.*
Kazuko: Hah... Hah... Hah... Ahh.
*I pulled it out of her and swung it back around to her face.*
Kazuko: Wow... You came, but of course yours would still be big.
Kazuko: That seems kind of manly...
Kazuko: Mm... *lick, lick, smack*
Yamato: Oof!
Kazuko: Mnn. You're sensitive after you just came, aren't you?
*Kazuko proceeded to lick my glans.*
Kazuko: Mmmn... *slurp, lick, smack, suck*...
Kazuko: Mm, mm, hmm... Mn, ah... *lick, lick*... Looks like you're going to cum again... *lick* *suck*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick, smack*... Go ahead, Yamato.
Kazuko: Mm... *gasp*... Ah, mn... *lick, smack*...
Yamato: Ugh, it's too sensitive...
Kazuko: *slurrrp* *kiss* *gasp* Mn... *lick* *slurp*...
Yamato: Mn! I'm cumming!
Kazuko: Wah!
*I shot the load onto Kazuko's face.*
Kazuko: Wow... It's so hot.
Yamato: Sorry for getting your uniform dirty.
Kazuko: We can just wash it... *lick* Mm.
Yamato: Oh, again?
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
Yamato: Kazuko, turn your butt back towards me?
Kazuko: ...'Kay.
Kazuko: Make me feel super good.
*Again, I pushed myself into her pussy.*
Kazuko: Ah... Mmm... It's so hot...
*I drove inside her.*
Yamato: Does it feel good when I feel up your breasts?
Kazuko: Ahhh... Y-Yeah... I think so.
Yamato: ...Kazuko... I'm fully buried in you again.
Kazuko: Mn... I love doing this with you.
Yamato: I'm going to move.
Kazuko: Mn... Ah, kh... You're so hot.
Kazuko: Ahhh... Kh... It's like you're stabbing me. Mn, Yamato...
Yamato: Kazuko...
*We call each other's names as I thrust away at her.*
Kazuko: Kh... Hah, th-this position feels so -- Mnn...
Kazuko: So good... Ah... Mn... Kh...
Kazuko: Ahh... Yamato... Yamato.
Kazuko: Awah. I-I can't stop my hips...
*I picked up the pace, matching the speed of her hips.*
Kazuko: Hauu... Hauu, ah, ahh, ahhh!
Kazuko: You're so deep... Mn, kh... So good.
Kazuko: Your hips keep -- ahh, mn -- slapping my butt--Ahh!
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, mmm!
Kazuko: Ah... You're suddenly so -- Mn!
Kazuko: Kwah... Now you're even more forceful... Mnahh.
*Subconsciously, I'd begun to use more force.*
Kazuko: Kwah... Ahh, mnahhh!
Kazuko: Ahh... Ahhh... Yamato, this is amazing... Mn, more, harder, Yamato, harder!
Kazuko: Mnah, ah, kh, ahh, ah, ah...
Kazuko: Yah, mn, kwah, it sounds so...
Yamato: That's because you're such a dirty girl.
Kazuko: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh...
Kazuko: Mnah, ah... Yamato, Yamato, Yamato...
*She focused on the walls of her pussy rubbing my cock as she called my name.*
Kazuko: Kwah, ahh... Ahh... Wahhh!
*Love juice splashed from the point of our union.*
Kazuko: Fwah... Ah, ah, Yamato... I'm... I'm--!
*Her pussy squeezed tight around me.*
Yamato: Kazuko!
*I thrust even harder.*
Kazuko: Ahh! Ahhh! Waaahhhh!
Yamato: Kazuko, I'm gonna cum!
Kazuko: 'K-Kay! Ah! Cum, Yamato!
Yamato: Tell me when you cum too!
Kazuko: Ahh, ahhhh, ahh, k-kay!
Yamato: Mmph!
Kazuko: Ahh, ahhh, ahhhh!
Kazuko: I-I'm cumming!!!
*Just as Kazuko unleashed that bestial scream, I climaxed as well.*
*Spurt! Pew, pew...*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff... Huff... Mn, ahh. Wow, it just keeps coming... Mn, mm.
*Her body jerked in the afterglow of her orgasm.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Kazuko turned back towards me.*
Kazuko: I'll clean you up.
Kazuko: Mm... Mn... Mn... *lick, smack, lick*... *suck*, mwah... Mn... *lick* mnn...
Kazuko: *lick*... *smack, lick* mnf...
*She thoroughly licked around the tip.*
Kazuko: *slurp, kiss*... Mn, hah... Ahmph, mmm...
Kazuko: Mm, Yamato, no matter how many times I taste it, it still tastes good... Ahhh... Hamph... *kiss*
Kazuko: *lick, slurp* Hah... *lick, lick, lick* mnn... It's still so hard.
Kazuko: Amazing. Mn... *slurp, lick, lick*... *lick* Mnn... *lick*
Kazuko: Hah... *smack, slurp, lick, suck*! Mn... *slurp* *smack, lick* amph!
Kazuko: Mn, now I'll tackle this ball... Mn... *lick*
Kazuko: Ahmph... *slurp* mnf... *slurp*... Nmm... Ahmph... Mnf...
Kazuko: Nmm... *kiss* Nkh... *slurp* *lick* *lick*... *smack* *slurp* *suck*
Kazuko: *slurp* mn... *smack, gasp*... This ball tastes good too...
Kazuko: 'Kay, back to this one. Ahmph! Mn... *slurp*
Kazuko: Ahh... *slurp* mnn... *slurp*
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp, smack, slurp*...! *kiss* mnah, I'm getting wet again.
Kazuko: I have to taste it, lick it, and drink it up. *kiss, smack*... Mnkh... *lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
Kazuko: *smack, suck*... Mn... *smack*... Mn... *suck*...
Yamato: Mnph, Kazuko... I'm cumming again...
Kazuko: Mm, mm... Mn... *slurp*... *slurp*
Kazuko: *slurp* *slurp* *slurrrrrp*
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Kazuko: Nmmph?!
Kazuko: Mnah... Mn... Kh... Mm!
Kazuko: Mm... *gulp*... *gulp*
Kazuko: Heh, hah... Mngh... *gulp, gulp, gulp*... *swallow*
Kazuko: Mnn... Mm... *lick* *lick* *slurp* *gulp*...
Kazuko: *gasp*... Hwah... Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Heheh, I drank all of it, Yamato... *lick*
*Not once did Kazuko move to turn away from my dick.*
*.........*
Yamato: ...We don't have any classes after this.
Yamato: Wanna head straight back to the dorm?
Kazuko: K-Kay.
Kazuko: But are you sure?
Yamato: I'm fine.
Yamato: Sneaking out of school once in a blue moon makes for a great memory.
Kazuko: 'Kay.
*And then...*
*The two of us got in the bath together.*
Kazuko: Wah... This is heaven.
Kazuko: It feels so good.
Yamato: I'm in bliss too.
Kazuko: Huh? Why?
Yamato: Because I get to have a bath with the cutest girl in the world.
Kazuko: I-I'm not anywhere near that cute.
Yamato: Yes you are.
Kazuko: Ooh... Thanks.
Yamato: And I get to have you wash my body.
Kazuko: You can be so needy sometimes.
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'll wash every inch of you.
Yamato: Every inch? Including down here?
*I pressed my erect member against her.*
Kazuko: Wawawawa.
Kazuko: There's something lurking in the water.
Yamato: Yeah, and I hear it's tasty if you put it in your mouth.
Kazuko: Now you're making dirty old man jokes too?!
Yamato: Mind if I pinch your tits?
Kazuko: Where'd that come from?! Wait -- Awah!
Yamato: Look, the underwater critter's getting bigger.
Kazuko: Mn, geez... How many times have we already done it today?
Yamato: Not nearly enough. With you, I never want to stop.
Yamato: Thanks to love.
Kazuko: Not lust?
Yamato: Eh, that's part of it.
Yamato: But I wouldn't be nearly this bad if you weren't so cute.
Yamato: So maybe you should take responsibility for this nasty little thing.
Kazuko: ...'Kay.
Kazuko: That's what you want, after all.
Kazuko: Leave it to me! I'll do anything!
Yamato: Who's a good girl! Yes, my girlfriend's a good girl! (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Fwah...
Kazuko: Th-Then I'll lick it.
Yamato: Please do.
*I poked my cock up out of the water like a periscope.*
Kazuko: Mn... *lick*
*And Kazuko started licking it straight away.*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick*... *lick, lick*
Kazuko: Mnf... *lick, lick, smack, slurp*
Yamato: How is it, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Well, I'm kinda feeling dizzy.
Yamato: Already? You're one dirty girl.
Kazuko: Mm. *lick*... *lick, suck*
Kazuko: Ahah... I-It's like... Mnn.
Yamato: Kazuko?
Kazuko: Hauuu.
Kazuko: I'm... gonna faint...
Yamato: That's why you're dizzy?!
Kazuko: Blurble...
Yamato: Hey, Kazuko? Kazukoooooo!
*We lovebirds kept at it long into the night.*
====================act_p_京アフター.bin====================: For striking Mr. Ayanokouji, Capt was on indefinite suspension.
*It was October, but the sun was still shining bright.*
*Plus there was heat to match. It felt far too warm for fall.*
*There were days when the number of students in short sleeves still outnumbered those in long.*
Shouichi: So what I'm tryin' to say is, I still don't got a clue when my suspension's gonna end.
Chris: You do not seem the least bit confined to your room.
Shouichi: 'Course not! You can't confine the wind!
Yukie: I thought so...
Matsukaze: You just ain't one to stay still...
Shouichi: So I figure this's my chance to go on an adventure!
Shouichi: Which means you don't have to spend all your days worryin' about me, Miyako.
Miyako: ...Yeah. I won't be hesitant anymore.
Shouichi: Sweet!
Miyako: It's amazing, Capt. You're not forcing yourself to be happy...
Miyako: You literally don't care that you were suspended from school.
Shouichi: This's the way I've always been.
Shouichi: Normally, I'd be asking Yamato to watch over you, Miyako.
Shouichi: But Miyako, I feel like I oughta be asking you to watch out for yourself!
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll manage myself.
Kazuko: Wow.
Gakuto: Miyako goin' to Germany caught me off guard at first.
Takuya: We'll miss you, but you made your choice and we support it.
Miyako: Please, and thank you.
Chris: I shall teach you some German, over time.
Miyako: I'll study hard.
Kazuko: Everyone's doing their best, huh.
Momoyo: Huh? What's Gakuto even up to right now?
Gakuto: Hey! Shut it!
Gakuto: I am hard at work to find a new female.
Miyako: Couldn't you just try dating someone younger?
Miyako: I have no idea why you won't go out with younger girls when they're still your type.
Gakuto: Because they're not! I seek broad-mindedness in a woman.
Gakuto: What sort of man seeks that quality in someone younger than him?!
Miyako: Say what you will, I imagine you'd sing a different tune if the right person came along.
Yamato: I'm not so sure about that...
Yamato: I know more than a few freshmen who think Gakuto's hot.
Yamato: But can you see Gakuto going out with, say, Mayucchi?
Yukie: ...He is a wonderful person, and reliable...
Yukie: But in a fatherly sort of way... Romantically, I don't know if I can really...
Yamato: So, you get my point.
Takuya: In the end, you can't see him as an object of affection.
Yamato: Which means that, even if Gakuto compromises and looks for someone younger, he'll still never find anyone.
Momoyo: Now I get it.
Gakuto: Heheh. Say what you will.
Gakuto: Your conjecture won't affect me.
Kazuko: Oh, you're composed.
Momoyo: If he got angry, he'd just be proving Yamato right.
Yamato: Go ahead. Try telling me I'm wrong.
Gakuto: Damn straight!
Chris: ...I suppose that technically cheered him up.
*Miyako and I glanced at each other.*
Miyako: ... (Yamato.)
Yamato: ... (I know.)
*......*
Miyako: ...Huff... Huff... Mm.
Miyako: Yamato... Mn... Heh... *lick*... Mn... Ah.
Yamato: Nfh, Miyako, mm, you can't wait?
Miyako: Mm-mm. *slurp, kiss* mmm... When I see you, Yamato... My heart aches. *suck*
Yamato: Nfh. But then... will you be okay... in Germany?
Miyako: Mm-hm. *lick*... Mn... *kiss, slurp*... Nkh.
Miyako: This is... Nfh... *kiss*...
Yamato: Pwah! Settle down and let's talk.
Miyako: I have to kiss you now, while I still can...
Miyako: Yamato, nfh... *suck, kiss*... Nkh, I love you... *lick*... Mn... *slurp, suck*...
Miyako: That is the one thing that will never change... *peck*... *lick*... *slurp*... *kiss* Mn...
Yamato: ...I like this side of you too, Miyako.
Miyako: Yeah... *kiss, peck, slurp, lick*... Mn... *lick*
Miyako: Yamato, hah... *slurp*... Yamato... *kiss*... Mn... *slurp*
Miyako: ...*slurp*... H-Hey... I can't wait any longer.
Yamato: You have to be patient. Everyone's still here.
Miyako: Mm-mm... Hamph, amm... *kiss*... *slll--kiss* hamph.
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: Mm... Mfh...*slurp, peck, kiss, kiss*...
*............*
Chris: Yamato and Miyako are still yet to come home...
Momoyo: (They must be having fun.)
*The day passed by slowly, and we enjoyed every moment of it.*
*In December, Miyako would leave for Germany as an exchange student.*
*We toiled in preparation for the culture festival.*
Kosugi: Excuse me, is Shiina-senpai here?
Chika: Yes, yes... Mm.
Kosugi: (She's pretty, but my beauty is more premium.)
Chika: (You're such a cute little freshman. But cuter than me? As if.)
Chika: Shiinacchi, there's someone here for you.
Miyako: Mm-hm, thanks.
Kosugi: I have a message from the captain about the Archery Club.
Miyako: Thanks for coming all this way.
Kosugi: Oh, it's nothing... By the way, Senpai, your class seems really focused on preparing for the cultural festival.
Miyako: We're dueling with 2-S. Whoever can make more sales during the festival wins.
Kosugi: Wow... As a member of 1-S, it's hard to pick a side, but good luck.
Miyako: Mm-hm. We're in it to win!
Kosugi: I'll spend time here too! Oh, and I premiumly plum forgot to ask... What are you putting on?
Miyako: A Nadeshiko cafe.
Kosugi: Wh-What's that...?
Ikurou: Listen, when we're through, maid cafes are gonna be a thing of the past.
Ikurou: A Nadeshiko cafe is where people can indulge in their fetish for the essence of Japan!
Chika: And like, you're sure we're going to win with this?
Yamato: I guarantee it.
Chika: You know they're doing a swimsuit cafe, right? I wouldn't guarantee anything.
Mayo: I wouldn't have expected Class S to do something as anarchic as wear swimsuits to a cultural festival. That's quite unlike them.
Yamato: Truth is, they're a formidable foe. You're one brilliant bastard, Aoi Touma.
Yamato: However, our fetish cafe has fused fetishism and entertainment. We cannot lose!
Ikurou: Yeah! I'm 100% on board.
Ikurou: After all, when it comes to hot chicks, ours are second to none!
Haguro: No flattery'll get me to open my legs to you, you horny monkey!
Yamato: Okay, okay, enough of that. Let's get back to making posters.
Yamato: Make it catchier. The keyword is entertainment.
Gakuto: Yamato's really gettin' into the manager role.
Takuya: Well, these moments are when a tactician shines.
Gakuto: But I'm sick of him goin' on and on about entertainment.
Takuya: It's because that's supposed to be our key to selling big.
Yamato: You there! Cease the idle chatter!
Gakuto: Whoa?! You would keep an eye on me? How can you treat me like that?!
Yamato: If I'm not strict with my friends, it'd set a bad example!
Haguro: Aw yeah! Shiina, time for you to draw something classy!
Miyako: Mm-hm, leave it to me!
Chika: Try not to make it too racy?
Miyako: Racy? Does it look that way to you?
Haguro: Totally! Gahahaha!
*--Lunchbreak, on the roof.*
Yamato: Hey, welcome!
Miyako: A full tank of love, please.
Yamato: Okay, I'll fill your tank with love.
Miyako: Mn ...Your love's flowing into me... Nfh... *kiss, slurp, kiss*...
Miyako: Nmm... Mm... Yamato.
Yamato: Miyako, you really have opened up your heart to the class.
Miyako: You think so? Mm... *kiss* *slurp* Mn... *kiss* *slurrrrp*...
Yamato: Someone's having fun.
Miyako: Totally fun... Mnn... *suck*... Nfh.
Yamato: You're doing well. Good girl. (I patted her head.)
Miyako: *blush*...
Yamato: A kiss for the good girl.
Miyako: Mnn... Mnfffff...
Miyako: Yamato, mn... mm... *kiss*... Nkh, Yamato, mnfh... *lick*... Mn... *kiss*...
*............*
Gakuto: Hey, Mister Entertainment's not here.
Takuya: Ahaha. Maybe he slipped off with Miyako again.
Gakuto: Nwah? They're doin' it again?!
Gakuto: ...I'm so jealous. *sobbing*
Takuya: Wipe away your tears...
Suguru: Nevertheless, this October heat bears us ill.
Ikurou: But it flashes cold come nightfall.
Suguru: This will lesson the anguish of wearing a swimsuit indoors.
Suguru: I had thought the cold would bring about their self-ruin... Well played, Class S.
*--At the archery range.*
Miyako: You can't forget about this...
Kosugi: Mm, mm...
Yumiko: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Umeko: You're in a good mood.
Yumiko: I mean, of course I am.
Yumiko: Shiina-san's so much brighter, and she's giving everyone advice.
Yumiko: That makes club activities way more fun.
Umeko: I see... And yet she's become a true member just in time to leave for Germany.
Yumiko: That couldn't be more true.
Yumiko: ...You know what? I'm going to text Miyako with occasional updates on how things are going with the club!
Umeko: ...Good idea.
*--On the way home from school.*
*Miyako and I were taking our time walking to our Secret Base.*
Yamato: ...There's about a month left until you leave...
Miyako: Mm-hm...
*The months would be long and lonely, but I'd still wait for her.*
Yamato: Hm?
*I'd spotted someone I'd recognized on the riverside.*
Fortune Teller: You... So we meet again.
Yamato: You're the one from Hakone...
Fortune Teller: Yes. I see you remember me.
Fortune Teller: It would seem that the arrow of fate has gone astray.
Yamato: Huh?
Fortune Teller: My original divinations said that a woman there would perish on Friday, August 28th.
Fortune Teller: That she would be forsaken by the person she loved, and lose everything.
Fortune Teller: Yet that never transpired.
Fortune Teller: Someone must have remained by her side...
Fortune Teller: And that person, young lady, changed your fate.
Fortune Teller: Whoever you are, they will surely be a lifelong friend.
*Without another word, the fortune teller walked away.*
Yamato: ...What was that about?
*Well, the prediction was wrong, so did it really matter?*
Miyako: A lifelong friend, huh...? I never even dreamed that would happen.
Yamato: ......?
*--Night, in Kyoto.*
Tesshin: Then you will wash your hands of this incident?
Daimaro: Indeed. It would seem Maro has sullied the name of Ayanokouji, no?
Daimaro: Given how he conducted himself, my only surprise is that he was not punched sooner.
Daimaro: Fault lies in this case with the Ayanokoujis, so we shall do naught.
Tesshin: I'm glad to hear it.
Daimaro: Given that you came all this way, God of War, my family must bow our heads and yield.
Daimaro: We will ensure Maro sees the error of his ways, and you will consider reinstating him, no?
Tesshin: An easy price to pay.
Lu: However, he must change before we can even consider it.
Daimaro: Indeed. That too will be part of his reformation.
Lu: ...My apologies. I fear I was too forward.
Daimaro: Now, I believe that is the matter settled, no?
*--Another drowsy morning.*
*Today was the cultural festival...*
*I could hear Miyako trying to wake me up.*
*Because she always did.*
Miyako: Hey! Yamato! You have to wake up! 
Yamato: ......
Miyako: If you don't wake up, your big sister might pull a prank on you 
Miyako: Oh, no response. Then I'll have a breakfast of sausage and white stew--
Yamato: Nah, I'm up.
Miyako: ...I risked my life to wake you. You can't just be that stoic.
Yamato: You went off the rails. What sort of setup even was that?
Miyako: I was your big sister, and I had a crush on you. So much so that I locked you in your room.
Yamato: That's dark. And makes the way you woke me up absolutely terrifying.
Miyako: I thought you might like the change.
Yamato: How considerate of you, so early in the morning...
Miyako: What do you think of this?
Sure
Nope
Yamato: It... could work?
Miyako: You're such a kind boyfriend.
Yamato: Nope.
Miyako: I thought so.
*--Kawakami Academy, bustling more than normal.*
Gakuto: So then, let's do some enemy reconnaissance.
Yamato: Yeah. We need to probe Class S's swimsuit cafe.
Takuya: I'll spy on them through all day if I have to!
Gakuto: ...Try not to get a boner.
*We marched into Class S.*
Yamato: Look! The entrance is divided into two.
Takuya: One... is a red door. The men's swimsuit cafe.
Gakuto: And the other... is a blue door. The women's swimsuit cafe.
Yamato: We don't have time to see both.
Takuya: So, Yamato, which one do we pick?
*There was only one option!*
We wouldn't get another chance. The red door!
Blue Door
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Welcome, commoner!
Yamato: Kh. I knew it would turn out like this.
Takuya: Why'd you pick this one, Yamato? Are you stupid?!
Gakuto: It's times like this that lead men to murder.
Hideo: Mwahaha! Inside this door, We shall provide you with passionate service.
Hideo: Now then, We grant you the right to order!
Man: Oh my, we've got a customer, Hideo-kun?
Hideo: He has come to learn the secrets hidden behind Our door.
Man: Please, gobble up whatever you like.
Man: How about my jumbo-sized kara-a-gay lunch?
*I had gazed into the abyss, and the abyss gazed back... to below my waist.*
Yamato: Well, it's just girls wearing swimsuits.
Gakuto: Yeah, it's nothin' big...
Margit: Welcome.
Gakuto: Gwahh!
Yamato: What... the...?!
Margit: You will order your meal.
Yamato: Ngh. Class S... Not bad.
Margit: Why the whispers? You will cease such acts.
Gakuto: Huh? Umm... I'll order a peach.
Margit: We have none. You will resign yourself.
Gakuto: But there's two right in front of me.
Margit: Did you say something?
Gakuto: Man, I never before realized how hot you are.
Margit: Heh. Everyone says the same.
Margit: And stare the same as well.
Margit: All you men are the same, without exception.
Takuya: But I mean... Yamato, don't you feel the same way?
Yamato: More or less.
Margit: Heh.
Yamato: But if I had to say, I'd say you're cute.
Margit: Huh...?
Yamato: It's rare to see someone your age this cute. Nice going, Margit.
Margit: C-Cute...? Me...?
Margit: Mm. Y-You will cease teasing me.
Takuya: He's not wrong.
Gakuto: Yeah. I can now die happy.
Margit: Dammit! You're making a fool out of me!
Yamato: Wait. We're your guests!
Margit: A fox's slyness means nothing to me! I'll hunt you down!
Takuya: Waahhhh?!
Yamato: ...I had no idea it'd be that dangerous.
*Class S was a fearsome place.*
*............*
Yamato: Whoa. Our class is doing a roaring trade.
Gakuto: We're goin' even with class S!
Ikurou: Yeah, we're prospering.
Ikurou: And there's a reason!
Miyako: Welcome!
Chris: Welcome to the Nadeshiko Cafe!
Kazuko: I have all the options ready!
*2-F's prides, its beauties, were heading out to greet their customers.*
Freshman Student: Shit, the level here's super high!
Class C Boy 1: Everyone, get in here! It's paradise!
Ikegami: Whoever thought to combine a judo uniform with bloomers is a god.
Murakami: That hakama... Ahh, I could stare at her all day.
Class B Student: But really, the most amazing of all...
Kikkawa: It's gotta be Shiina in the kimono!
Kobayakawa: She's like a siren!
Mutsujirou: ...So beautiful...
Animal Club Member: ...I want to be her pet.
*Everyone's eyes were focused on Miyako.*
*Mmm, you bad boys. That was my girl.*
Miyako: Please line up single-file!
*She answered them in crisp, clear tones.*
*Even though they stared at her like beasts, she let it flow past her.*
Chris: With this, we will place first in sales.
Kazuko: Miyako, you're doing a great job bringing in the customers!
Miyako: Table for one for Kyougoku-sama. Thank you for waiting.
Club Captain Kyougoku: Hmm...
Club Captain Kyougoku: Your truly good service has given me a favorable impression.
Miyako: Thank you very much.
*Miyako could comfortably interact with others.*
*I no longer had anything to worry about.*
*Studying abroad in Germany was a steep hill to climb...*
*But she can do it. She just had to keep up the pace.*
Yamato: Hm? A text?
Yamato: Huh. It's from Miyako.
*I took one look at the text body.*
*I want you to fuck me in this kimono!*
Yamato: Hell yeah!
*I reflexively bowed.*
Miyako: Heheheh.
*My beloved and sexy girlfriend.*
Ikurou: What a shot. I'm taking a photo.
Yamato: Please.
*--This was yet another page of my youth.*
====================act_q_由紀江アフター.bin====================: My relationship with Yukie continued into autumn as strong as ever.
*She had a body to die for, and was more than happy to give me la petite mort.*
*For instance...*
*There were people at the dorm.*
*Things were too hurried at school.*
*Which meant...*
*Our love nest was the secret base.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Yukie.
Yukie: *kiss*... Mnn... Heheh.
Yamato: What?
Yukie: I've grown accustomed to how demanding you can be here at the base.
Yukie: I can finally relax and truly enjoy making out.
Yamato: Then flip up your skirt.
Yukie: That doesn't mean you have to be that sudden!
Yukie: I mean, that seems, uh...
*I sat down on the sofa.*
Yamato: I got me a mighty fine hankerin' to see your panties.
Yukie: Why did you adopt that sham accent...?
Yukie: ...But all right, if you insist.
Yamato: Uh, I don't want to push you into something you're not comfortable with.
Yukie: My heart's pounding... H-Here.
Yamato: ...It's your usual favorite color.
Yukie: D-Do these... Umm...
Yamato: What'cha got eatin' you up?
Yukie: Do you enjoy, or rather, are you excited by my underwear?
Yamato: That sexy thing could make me cum on the spot.
Yukie: A-Are they that sexy?
Yukie: This still seems, umm, odd to me, how obsessed you are with--
Yamato: There isn't anything i'm obsessed with more than you, Yukie.
Yamato: Any underwear would turn me on, so long as your legs are what's in them.
Yukie: Th-There you go again with that flattery...
Yamato: It ain't flattery, and I can prove it.
Yukie: Wawa...
Yamato: Behold the holy sword o' Yamatoland: Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi.
*I dug my hard dick out of my pants.*
Yukie: Wawawa... Wah. Wah. I-It's so big!
Yamato: Ain't this here the first time what you've seen it so close in the light o' day?
Yukie: I-I can see it twitching... Fwah...
Yamato: You're welcome to give it a sniff too.
Yukie: O-Okay... *sniff, sniff*... *sniff*
Yukie: Hau... It smells so... beast-like.
Yamato: Tryin' to pull off this accent's gettin' to be more trouble than it's worth...
Yamato: So, Yukie, would you mind if I begged for something?
Yukie: Huh?
Yamato: Could you lick my member?
Yukie: You want me to...?
Yamato: I know I've never sprung this on you before.
Yamato: But I want you to make me feel good.
*I said as I gently stroked her hair.*
Yukie: Fwah...
*She softened at my touch.*
Yamato: Will you?
Yukie: Y-Yes! I will put my heart and soul into it.
Yukie: Though I don't have much confidence I can succeed...
Yamato: Hey, are you trying to distract me while you fix your skirt?
Yukie: Huh? Wha?
Yamato: I want you to blow me while I gaze at those sexy panties of yours.
Yukie: Aww... That's so much to ask for, and you ask it so lightly...
Yamato: Yukie, all you have to do is suck.
Yukie: Yamato-san, you really are such a pervert.
Yamato: Yeah, but try to keep that a secret from the others. I have a reputation to protect.
Yamato: So let's go, Yukki!
Yukie: I-It's so hot...
Yukie: ...Oooh... P-Please don't rub it against my face.
Yamato: But your skin's so wonderfully soft.
Yukie: ...All right... Okay...
Yukie: *lick* *lick*...
Yamato: Whoa...
Yukie: W-Was that to your liking? *lick, smack*
Yamato: Yeah, keep going.
Yukie: Yes... *lick*... *lick*... Mnn... Hah, mn, *smack, lick*...
Yamato: Whoa...
Yukie: Heh, mnn... Ah, fwah... Aheh... *lick, lick*
Yukie: Yamato-san, it's so hard... *smack, lick, lick* heh, heh... *lick, lick, peck*...
Yamato: The way you give head is so pretty.
Yukie: Y-You're exaggerating... *lick* Mn... *lick* Please don't be like that... *peck* *lick*...
Yukie: Mn... *lick*... *lick, smack*... *lick*... *lick*
Yukie: (Amazing. It twitches every time I lick it...)
Yukie: (I want to make him feel even better.)
Yamato: Yukie, don't focus just on one spot. Lick everywhere.
Yukie: Everywhere? Okay.
*Her tongue slobbered its way up my shaft.*
Yukie: *lick, slurp, lick*... *smack, peck* Mnn...
*Then wound that saliva-soaked tongue along my glans.*
Yukie: Aweh, mn, ah, nfh... *slurp, peck, peck*
Yamato: That vein, and where it narrows -- I think that's where it feels the best.
Yukie: Understood... *lick, smack, lick*... Mn... *kiss, lick*...
Yukie: Heh, mn... Mm, ah, Yamato-san... *smack, lick* *lick*... *lick*
Yukie: Mmm, mn... Hah... *kiss*... *lick, smack*...
*Yukie diligently licked even around my urethra.*
Yukie: *smack*... *lick* *peck*... Aweh... Mnn... *slurp*... *slurp, slurp* Ah...
*She serviced me with what could only be described as passionate.*
Yukie: *kiss* *smack*... *lick* *peck*... *kiss*
*And I loved every second of it.*
Yukie: (I know this flavor...)
Yukie: Yamato-san... Your dick's getting wet. *lick*
Yamato: Yeah, your blowjob feels amazing.
Yukie: I'm happy to hear it... *lick, lick, lick*
Yamato: I want to do something for you too.
*I saw how her butt shook with every bob of her head, and grabbed that ass.*
Yukie: Ah, Yamato-san...?
Yamato: Every time I see you, you look wonderful down here.
*I didn't hesitate to caress those perfect hips.*
Yamato: Do you like it when I touch you?
*I fondled her firm asscheeks.*
Yukie: Hah... Umm... That's... Ahh!
Yamato: You're so sensitive, aren't you?
Yukie: Hau... Mm... Mmm.
*I slipped my fingers inside her panties.*
Yukie: Ah?! Y-Yamato-san?
Yamato: See? I knew you'd like this.
*I let them slide all the way down to her asscrack.*
Yukie: Ah, I-I can't.
*Yukie squirmed before my touch.*
Yamato: You know there's no escape, and you want this.
*I lean forward, extending my reach all the way to her asshole.*
Yukie: Hah... Ahhh... Th-That's...
Yamato: That's your most sensitive spot.
Yukie: Ah, ahhh, y-you misundersta--fwah, I can't...
Yamato: I mean, I can see how turned on you are.
Yukie: Ah... Ah, please, don't move your fingers.
*Every time I scratched my nail against her hole--*
Yukie: Mnfh, ahh!
*A shudder ran through her back.*
Yamato: You can't get enough of my little massage, can you?
Yukie: Kwah... Ah, why do you have to keep focusing there...?
*As my ministrations to her asshole continued, I could feel her relax and grow less tight.*
Yamato: You get so turned on from me touching your ass.
Yukie: ...Kh, you bully... Please don't say that.
*Yukie's asscheeks grew soaked with sweat.*
Yukie: Aweh... Kh, ah! I-I can't... I can't!
Yamato: Oh. Then you want me to stop?
Yukie: Huh...?
Yamato: If you can't handle it, well...
Yukie: ...Ooh...
Yamato: If you want me to keep going, blow me.
Yukie: *lick*... *lick, smack, lick*...
Yamato: No time to agonize over it?
Yukie: Mnf... *lick, lick*... *smack, smack*... Mn.
*As promised, I resumed stimulating her ass.*
Yukie: Ah, mn, mn...! Mnah... Haweh...
*When I slid my fingers along her to her slit...*
Yukie: Aauu...
*A moist dampness had spread around her secret garden.*
Yamato: Yukie... Giving me a blowjob and having your ass fondled turns you on?
Yukie: Mn... *lick* you're getting even wetter yourself.
Yukie: I suck and I suck, but more keeps coming. *lick*
Yamato: Then this time, try putting it all the way in.
Yukie: ...Understood... I'll deepthroat your dick.
*Yukie obediently obeyed.*
Yukie: Ahh... Hamph...
Yamato: Your mouth... It feels so good... Suck me, Yukie.
Yukie: Mmm... 'ay... *kiss*... *slurp*
Yukie: *kiss*... Mn, mnkh... *kiss*... *slurp*... *kiss*
Yukie: Mnfh... *lick, lick* Mnah... *slurp*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Yukie: Mm, ah... Pwah... Amazing... There's always more precum... Mn... *kiss*... *slurp*... *suck*...
Yukie: *slurp, smack*... Mn, ah... *kiss* mnkh... mnkh... mnkh...
*Yukie noisily slurped up my precum.*
Yukie: ...Huff, mn... Yamato-san, it's so... *kiss* *gulp, smack* Mnkh... Mn... *gulp*...
Yamato: Yukie, you must really like the taste.
Yukie: *slurp* Aweh... Yes, it is delicious... Hamph, nfh... *slurp* *smack* *kiss*
Yukie: *suck* Nmm... *lick, lick*... *smack*
*By way of a reward, I drove a finger up her ass.*
Yukie: Nmm?! Mnn... Hahn, mnn! *slurp*... *suck*... *kiss*...
*I began to gently and ever-so-shallowly piston my finger.*
Yukie: Nmm... Heh... *lick, lick*... Mn... *slurp*... Mn.
*The finger-fucking in her ass had made her more bold.*
Yukie: ...Mn... *kiss*... *lick* *lick*... Nmm, ooh... Mnn... *smack* Hamph... *slurp*
Yamato: That's it, Yukie... It feels amazing.
Yukie: Mn... *slurp* *smack*... *kiss*
Yukie: (N-No way! His dick's getting even bigger inside my mouth.)
Yukie: (Yamato-san... Yamato-san!)
Yukie: *slurp*... *kiss* *lick* *lick*... Mngh, mnf... Ooh...
Yamato: Mn, kh, ah... Ah!
Yukie: Mm... *smack* *lick*... *slurp* *kiss*...
Yamato: Kwah, I'm cumming!
*Spurrrrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Yukie: Mn-mnnnnnnn! Mnkh, mnn!
*Yukie took my load in her mouth.*
Yukie: Mn...... Mngh...... Mmmm... *gulp*
*Spurt... Spew... Spurt...*
Yukie: Mnn... *gulp*... Mngh... Mngh... *gulp*...
*But the flow of semen didn't stop.*
*Spew! Pwoo! Spew! Spurt!*
Yukie: Mnn... Mnkh, mnkh... *kiss*... *gulp*...
Yukie: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mngh... *gulp* *gulp*
Yukie: *lick* *suck*... *smack*... Pwah...
Yukie: Huff... Huff... I swallowed all of it.
Yamato: Yeah, that felt awesome.
*I stroked my fingers across her slit, and hear a little plop.*
Yukie: Hau...
Yamato: You're this wet, just from giving me head?
Yukie: Aww, please don't talk like that.
Yamato: I'll do my best to make you feel good too, Yukie.
Yamato: After all, look. I'm still hard.
Yukie: Even though you already came once, too... Incredible.
Yamato: I'm already ready for round 2! Let's go!
Yukie: Ah!
*I tore off her clothes.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, not so wild -- Eeek!
*I immediately thrust myself inside her.*
Yukie: Hauu! ...Fwaaaaah...
Yukie: Ahh... Ah! Haau... Y-You're inside me... Ah!
Yukie: Yamato-san, it's getting even... Aweh...
Yamato: Yukie, your insides are perfectly moist.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're... You're so hot too, and... Aweh!
Yamato: 'And'?
Yukie: A-And hard, and reliable, mnahhh!
Yamato: Thanks. I'm going to fuck the hell out of you.
Yukie: The hell out of...? Hah, hwah, ahhhhh...
*Little by little, I began moving my hips vertically.*
Yukie: Hah... Mn, kh... Ooohn! Auuu!
Yamato: Now that's a sexy sound. It sounds so sticky.
Yukie: ...Ahn... Ah, fwah... Ah, ahhh, Yamato-san, your dick's so... Hahn, kwah...
Yamato: I feel amazing, but what about you?
Yukie: Fwah, y-yes... I feel wonderful... Mn.
Yamato: I love this position, and how I can play with your boobs... See?
*I pinched down on her nipples.*
Yukie: Hwah! Fwah, mn...! Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Yamato-san... You grope them so dirtily--Ah!
Yamato: Your boobs are so big, they're... They're perfect, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahn, haaahhh... D-Don't knead my breasts so much... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Your moans are as sweet as your hair smells, Yukie.
Yukie: ...Ahn, ah... Yamato-san... Yamato-san...
Yukie: You're... Fwah... Even deeper inside me... Ahh...
Yukie: And you're getting even bigger... Mn, ooh... It's so manly. Yamato-san...
Yamato: And it looks like you enjoy when I play with your breasts.
Yukie: Y-Yes... When you pinch my nipple, I--
Yamato: Like this?
Yukie: Hau... Ah... Your fingers feel amazing...
Yamato: I'm moving my hips too, Yukie... I love you!
Yukie: Awah... Ah, kwah, Y-Yamato-san!
Yukie: I love you... I love you too... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie!
Yukie: Mnkh, i-it feels so good... Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Your things feels so good, ah, ahh, ah.
Yukie: ...Ah, ahhh! I-If you do that...
Yukie: Kwah, I-I-I'm going to cum...
Yukie: Ah, ahh, ah, ah, ahhh, ah!
Yukie: Ah, ahh! I'm cumming!
*Her entire body twitched.*
Yamato: You're so hot, Yukie.
*I kept moving, never stopping the vertical thrusts.*
Yukie: Haahh, mnkh... Ooh...
Yamato: The vice grip of your pussy feels incredible.
Yukie: Th-That shows how amazing your cock is... Ah.
*Yukie herself aggressively moved her hips.*
Yukie: Haah, mnkh, mn, mnn...! Yamato-san, Yamato-san, ah, ahh...
*I groped Yukie's boobs.*
Yukie: Fwaaahhh, my breasts are so hot... Ahhh!
*I dropping my hips as low as I could, I shoved up so high my balls slapped her thighs.*
Yukie: ...Mm, ahh, aiee, haahh...! You're so deep... Ah, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Look down, and you can see where we're connected.
Yukie: Kwah, th-that's too embarrassing!
Yamato: Is it? But, mmph, look at where we are... our Secret Base.
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huh...?
Yamato: What if someone's here right now, hiding their presence so they can watch?
Yukie: Huff, ah, mnah, th-that couldn't be!
Yamato: Just think about it... having sex in front of everyone.
Yamato: Maybe they'd all watch while eating Cookie's popcorn.
Yukie: Aweh... Fwahh, ahhhh!
Yamato: Doesn't it turn you on?
Yukie: Hah, heh, hwah...! Yamato... san...! You can be such a bully... Ah!
Yamato: Mnkh. And I'm a wild animal!
*I thrust myself again and again through her tight passage.*
Yukie: Haweh! Mn, ahh...
Yamato: Does that feel good?
Yukie: Y-Yes! ...Wah, ahh, it's so good.
*I pounded my glans against the deepest part of her vagina.*
Yukie: I-It's reaching all the way... Kh... Mn, ah...! Yamato-san, it's so deep... Wah, ahah!
Yukie: Mm... Y-Y-Yamato-san! I-I'm cumming again...! Fwah, aiee... Haaahhh!
Yamato: Keep your voice down, or someone will hear you.
Yukie: Aweh, ah, mn, but I can't stop.
Yamato: Yukie... I'm... I'm...
Yukie: Ahh, yes... Yamato-san... Please cum inside me... Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Please fill me with your sperm!
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahhh, Yamato-san, Yamato-san!
*With every ounce of strength I had, I drove myself into her deepest depths.*
Yukie: Hau... Ahhh, aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Yukie: Ah, kweh, aieen... Kh,, hah...
*I groped her voluptuous bosom as I continued to cum.*
Yukie: Ah, ahaa...! Th-There's still more...
Yukie: You're filling me... up... Heh, ah.
Yukie: Ahh... Ahh, ah... It's overflowing...
Yamato: Yukie... Can I ask you for one last thing?
Yukie: Y-Yes... You want me to clean up, I know...
*............*
Yukie: *kiss*... *slurp*... *lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
*Again she buried her face in my crotch.*
Yukie: *lick*... *slurp*... *slurrrrp*... Mn... *kiss*
*She licked her own juices off my cock.*
Yukie: Mn... *suck*... *lick*... *lick*... *slurp*... Mn...
Yamato: Yukie, this feels incredible. *pat pat*
Yukie: Mmf...
Yukie: *smack*... *kiss*... *slurp* Mnn... *suck*
Yukie: (Ahhh... There's still more... of Yamato's semen, coming out.)
Yukie: (It's so thick, and smells so strong...)
Yukie: (But the more I drink, the more I love it.)
Yukie: *slurp* *lick*... Mnf... *kiss* *suck*
Yukie: (I'm turning into such a nasty girl...)
Yamato: Yukie... I love how passionate you are.
Yukie: (But Yamato, no matter how much I lick, you're always so hard.)
Yukie: (I can't win against your robust manliness.)
Yamato: Thanks. You can stop anytime you want to.
Yukie: (I want to drink another load, one more.)
Yukie: *sllllurp, slllllurp* *slurp* *smack*... *slurp*
Yamato: Wah, you caught me by surprise...
Yukie: Mnph... Mnph... Mn... *slurp, slurp*... *slllllurp*! *smack, peck*...
Yamato: Y-You're going to make me cum again...
Yukie: (Please release another huge load in my mouth, Yamato-san.)
Yukie: ...*smack*... Mnp... *slurp*... *suck* *slurp*
Yamato: Yukie, this is too hot... Kh, ah!
Yukie: Mnn... *slurp* *peck* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*...
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurrrrrrt!*
Yukie: Mnnnn...! Mnf, mn, oooh...
Yukie: (He came... Ah, and it's still so thick...)
Yukie: *gulp* *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*... Mnk, mngh...
Yukie: (Having his hot sperm shoot down my throat could prove addictive.)
Yukie: ...Mmf... *gulp, gulp*... Mn... *lick*
Yukie: Pwah...
Yamato: Thanks, Yukie.
*I gently embraced her.*
Yukie: Thank goodness...
Yukie: I was able to do it.
Yamato: You didn't just do it -- you aced it.
Yamato: Okay, time to make it up to you by lovingly licking your backside.
Yukie: Hauuu...
*Our secret base was practically a love hotel.*
*And so every day was amazing.*
Yamato: Man... This really is great, having a girlfriend.
Shouichi: Dude, it feels like you've been drained lately.
Momoyo: He's been sucked dry all right, by our Mayu-Mayu.
Shouichi: Huh? Sucked dry?
Momoyo: Yep, he's plowed that field.
Shouichi: Huh?
Momoyo: Ngh... I can't believe I lost my lil' bro to a freshman.
Momoyo: I guess I'll just have to seduce a hot chick of my own!
Shouichi: And I guess I don't got a clue what's even going on anymore.
Shouichi: For the love of... Maybe I oughta go take another trip.
*--The hallway in front of 2-F.*
Yukie: Yamato-san, why don't we eat lunch together?
Yamato: Sure. Thanks for always making my lunch.
Yukie: Oh, it's nothing, really.
Yamato: Good girl. (I patted her head.)
Yukie: Fwah...
Jun: Dammit, you'd flirt with a younger girl in the blind spot in the hallway?
Jun: You two need to at least get yourselves a room.
Yukie: Yamato-san...
*Yukie closed her eyes.*
Yamato: There, there. *kiss*
Jun: Hey, are you even listening?! Don't ignore me! Or do you want everyone to start gossiping?!
Jun: Ah, but I wish I was kissing a younger girl right now.
Touma: Come now, Jun. We mustn't get in their way.
Yamato: Mm. *kiss*
Yukie: Hauu. *kiss*
*We continued our kiss.*
*.........*
*After school, in the family restaurant by the station.*
Iyo: So, how are things with your boyfriend?!
Yukie: Ahaha, you always ask that.
Iyo: Well, the Bays are out of the Japanese Series, so...
Yukie: But... Well... I feel happy and embarrassed all at once, but...
Iyo: But?
Yukie: When he's staring at Momo-senpai, or any other senior? He just always gets lovestruck.
Yukie: And he'll happily do whatever she asks too.
Yukie: So I'm not sure how to feel.
Iyo: Oh... Mayucchi, that's a grave issue.
Yukie: Are you certain?
Iyo: You have to be a bit more aggressive and make him yours.
Iyo: Or else those vultures will snatch him away.
Yukie: M-Momo-senpai would never do that.
Iyo: Even if he doesn't mean to, it's still a risk.
Yukie: Ohhh... What should I do?
Iyo: Well... Let's pull off a shift that would surprise even Manger Browso.
Yukie: A what?
Iyo: It means, you'll be in an advantageous position.
Iyo: We'll dress you in something that would make any man gulp, and then he can't look away.
Yukie: Hmm, hmm...
Iyo: Then he'll be a slave to his lust for you.
Yukie: But, what exactly should I...?
Iyo: Simply this! Lend me your ear.
Yukie: Bwuuuhhhhh?!
*I woke up refreshed.*
Yukie: ...Oh, he's awake. O-Okay, then Operation: Start!
Yukie: Shift activated!
Yamato: Hmm... What a good sleep. I'm keeping perfect care of my body, if I do say so myself.
Yamato: But it's still a bit hot...
*I had a number of voicemails, so I listened to them.*
Shouichi: This here's Capt! I'm out at Sagami Lake, and I've spotted this totally suspicious clan all clad in white. I'm going in!
*Capt used his Finishing Strike: Going on an Adventure! It's super effective!*
Shouichi: They're heading off towards Mt. Fuji, but there's no way I'm letting them shake me. Going radio silent.
*I hoped to anyone who was listening that he made it home safe.*
Bookstore Owner: Hey, the books you were lookin' for came in.
Yamato: Wow, I'll have to pick them up later!
*Maybe I'd just go and have an elegant morning bath.*
Yamato: ...Wait, there's no one here?
*I couldn't remember the last time the dorm had been this quiet.*
Yamato: Right, everyone said they were heading out last night.
Yamato: Ugh, I'm starving... Food first, bath later.
Yamato: But even so, I'm bored. Couldn't there be, like, something out of a fantasy novel in my life?
Yamato: That'll never happen, but maybe I could have the occasional adventure, like Capt's...?
Yukie: A-Aaauuu... Yamato-san...
Yamato: This is an omen, of a grand adventure.
Yukie: Good... morning?
Yamato: WHOA NELLY!
Yukie: ...Ooh.
Yamato: What?
Yukie: ...N-No... It's just...
Yamato: Yeah?
Yukie: I was hoping this surprise before your eyes would elicit some reaction, or...
Yamato: It's awesome!
Yukie: Wh-What a quick reply!
Yamato: ...I'm going to admire you so hard.
Yamato: So feel free to turn back towards the kitchen.
Yukie: Y-Your eyes feel so...
Yamato: If you're putting on a show, I'm going to watch.
Yamato: So go ahead, keep cooking.
Yukie: Awww...
*Yukie fidgeted.*
*Her big ass shook with every wiggle.*
Yamato: I can't believe you're blushing. You look incredible.
Yukie: W-Well, you see...
Yukie: I thought you would throw yourself at me...
Yukie: But instead, you're actually balanced between calmness and passion.
Yukie: S-So how am I supposed to react?
*She fidgeted more as she spoke.*
*Again swaying her plump, naked hips.*
Yamato: Well, I was holding back...
Yamato: But if you want me to take you, then fuck yes!
Yukie: Auu?!
*I didn't hesitate to pull her close.*
Yamato: Yukie, come with me.
Yukie: A-All right.
*I took her hand. She followed along, nervously.*
Yamato: Mm, let's do it hereabouts.
Yukie: Bwuh? But what if someone opens the front door?!
Yamato: Isn't that thrill what makes life worth living? *kiss*
Yukie: Hamph... *kiss*
Yukie: Mm... *lick, slurp, smack* pwah.
Yamato: Let's do it here.
Yukie: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Then stick out your butt.
Yukie: I-I knew you were going to request this.
Yukie: B-B-B-B-But I am ready.
Yamato: Well, no need to blow a fuse. *pat pat*
Yukie: ...Yes...
Yukie: I-Is this good...?
Yamato: Yes! Exactly!
Yukie: ...Ahhh.
Yamato: It's so bright, I can clearly see everything in your special place.
Yukie: Ahhh... P-Please don't say that.
Yamato: But don't you like it?
Yukie: A-Are you talking dirty to me...?
Yamato: It's so much easier to see during the day.
Yukie: ...Stop!
Yamato: C'mon, move your hands.
Yukie: Awww...
Yamato: Nothing could make me happier than a naked apron, Yukie.
Yukie: R-Really?! Thank goodness.
Yamato: But only a dirty woman could make this choice.
Yukie: Oh, I just wanted to make you happy, so...
Yamato: I appreciate that, but I think you're enjoying this more than you're letting on.
Yukie: Yamato-san... You're such a bully.
Yamato: You have an ass like a ripe fruit.
*I groped and kneaded it to my liking.*
Yukie: Fwah... Ahhh.
Yamato: And it's as sensitive as ever.
Yukie: That's because you're always touching it--Mn! You made it sensitive.
*While I fondled her ass, Yukie grabbed my hand.*
Yamato: I love you, Yukie. (I held her hand in turn.)
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Which is exactly why I have to clean myself off.
Yukie: Fweh?
Yamato: Yukie, I'm going to go take a bath.
Yamato: I want you to stand just like that and wait for me.
Yukie: That's too difficult! Hamph...
Yamato: Mn... *kiss*
Yukie: Hmm... *kiss*... Mn... *lick, kiss*
Yamato: Pwah. You can do it, right? (I patted her head.)
Yukie: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Good. Then wait for me.
*I dove into the tub and washed my body.*
Yamato: Thanks for waiting.
Yukie: ...Ohhh... That took you forever.
Yamato: Sorry, sorry. I wanted to make sure I didn't miss anywhere.
Yukie: What if someone had found me?
Yamato: Eh, no one minds the guy in the bath.
Yukie: That's beyond the pale...
Yamato: I'm kidding. If someone had come, I know you would've sensed them coming and ran. It's not like I tied you up or anything.
Yukie: Ooh.
Yamato: I thought this through, don't worry. Besides, you think I'm going to let anyone else see your skin?
Yamato: ...Well, this teasing aside...
*I rested a finger along her slit.*
Yukie: Hah... Kh.
*It felt soft, springy.*
Yamato: Look how wet you are... I mean, listen to it.
Yukie: Ahhhn... No, please stop.
Yamato: You must have really enjoyed how I made you wait, Yukie.
Yukie: Haaah... Ahh?!
Yamato: See how hard it is? That's because you're just that hot.
*This time I took her hand first.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Ah, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Now you're even wetter.
Yukie: Heh, aauu... Please don't stare so hard.
Yamato: But it's adorable how much it twitches.
Yukie: Y-You don't need to give a narratio--Fwah? Hwah, your fingers are... That's so dirty. Mnah...
*I licked her love juice off my fingers.*
Yamato: It's a sugar-sweet festival in my mouth!
Yukie: I-I don't need those reviews either. Fwah, ah!
*As I continued to caress her slit, I moved my other hand to her ass.*
Yukie: Fwah, mnah, you always play with my butt... Hah, mnkh... Ah... Mnaahhh!
*I slowly moved my palm across it, almost as if I were kneading it, savoring the firmness.*
Yamato: I think it's time to put it in.
Yukie: ...Yes... Please put it in...
*Doggy-style had been tricky at first, but I'd gotten used to it.*
Yukie: Auu! Fwaaaahh!
*I grabbed a firm hold of her beautiful ass and drove into her.*
Yamato: Mn... Yukie... It's amazing how wet you are inside too.
Yukie: Mn, ooh! Fwah, ahn, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Your insides feel so good.
Yukie: And Yamato-san, your dick is so hot and wonderful, hah, ah!
Yamato: I'm going in deeper.
Yukie: A-All right! Please come all the way in! Mn, ah!
Yamato: Mnph... I'm all the way... in.
Yukie: Aweh, ah, y-you're so deep... Manh, ah, wah, ooh!
*I took the bold step of remaining still inside her.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mm, Yamato-san...
*It was more than Yukie could bear. She began moving her hips, rubbing my member.*
Yukie: Mm... Ah... Fwah.
*After fucking her from behind day after day, she must've gotten addicted to it.*
*As I caressed her impressive hips, I began to piston.*
Yukie: Fwah... Your hard thing's, ooh, going wild inside me, mn... hah, fwah, mn, ahhh...
*I couldn't get enough of the sight of my rod burying into her white ass.*
Yukie: Hau... Uh, ah? Y-Yamato-san, what are you...?
Yamato: Since it's not every day you're wearing a naked apron...
*I peeled open her buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Ahhh, d-don't... You can't.
Yamato: C'mon, your hand's in the way. Let me through.
*With shallow movements, I rubbed the area around her entrance.*
Yukie: Fwaoo... Aww... All right... Ooh.
Yamato: Wow, I just saw your asshole twitch.
Yukie: Th-That's--Ah! Please don't look at it so closely, mnph.
*I continued to thrust into her while keeping her rear entrance fully visible.*
Yukie: Fwah, y-you're moving so violently... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Looking at yours is making me nervous... Mnah...
*I moved my hips more and more roughly.*
Yamato: Yukie, you're tighter, way tighter. Me looking must be turning you on.
Yukie: ...Ah, th-that's ridicul--Mnkh, ah!
Yamato: It's obviously true. Don't lie to me!
*I slapped against her rear.*
Yukie: Mnahh, auu! Mn, fwaoo... Ah, ah!
Yamato: Yukie, admit it.
Yukie: Y-Yes... Ah, you staring is turning me on, mnnph!
Yamato: Staring at what?
Yukie: Hauuu, mm, mm, my butt... hole.
Yamato: You're such a nasty woman.
Yukie: Aaah, I can't take any more embarrassment... But this is part of your teasing, isn't it? ...Mnkh!
Yamato: It's because you're cute when you're embarrassed... There, there.
*I sped up my hips.*
Yukie: Hwah! Mnaahh! Ahn, manoo... Y-Yamato-san... Mn, kh, ooh...
*My mind was consumed by the touch of her soft membranes.*
Yukie: Ahh, amazing... Yamato-san, your cock's so amazing... Ah, ahh!
*When I thrust all the way in, she arched her naked, alabaster-skinned back.*
Yukie: Th-This is good, so good, Yamato-san.
*I breathed in the sweet scent of her raven hair as I fucked away.*
Yukie: Ah, ah, ah, ah... I-I...
*Sweat already covered her body.*
Yamato: Your boobs are jiggling... Here, I'll feel them up.
Yukie: ...Ah, fwaahh... Ah.
Yamato: Hm, so you do like it more here.
*I teased her exposed asshole with my finger.*
Yukie: Fwaah, ah, ahh! Ooh! Ahhhh!
Yamato: I knew it. You can't hide anything from me, mnn.
Yukie: Ahhh, mm, ahh, haa, ahhh! I-If you do that!
*I scraped my glans against the deep regions of her slit.*
Yukie: Mm, kwah, I-I'm going to cum, mnkh, fwah, ahh, mn!
*I too could feel the sweet tingle of incoming ejaculation.*
Yukie: S-So, umm... A-Ahh, ah, Yamato-san... Cum too, please cum!
*Yukie dirtily kept swinging her hips.*
Yukie: I want your sperm...
*I could feel the hot substance on the verge of release.*
Yamato: Kwah, hah, got it... Lift your butt up more.
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Yamato: I'm cumming, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahh, Yamato-san, Yamato-san! Ah, ahhhh! I'm cumming, I am going to cum, ah!
*I shoved myself as deep as I could on the final attack.*
Yukie: Fwaaaaaahh! Ahhhh!
*Spew, epw... Spurt!*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah... Ahhh...
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn, ahh...?!
Yukie: Y-You pulled out...? Mn, heh... But you always start up again after the first time. Mnn...
*I wiped off the cum on Yukie's body.*
Yamato: I thought I'd like to feel good from this.
Yukie: ...Ah?! Y-You're back to my butt? Mnah!
Yamato: Mm... Mm.
*I wedged my rod between her mammoth buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Ahh, I can feel your warmth.
*They squeezed down on me.*
Yukie: Mn, heh... Ah, mn... Huff, huff... You're moving.
Yukie: Ah...! Mnah, I can't believe it, you're rubbing me there?
Yamato: Yeah, it's awesome.
Yukie: D-Does my butt really feel that good?
Yamato: It's the greatest.
Yukie: Aweh... I-I'm happy to hear it, but this is embarrassing.
*I took an eagle grip of her swaying ass and pulled it close.*
Yukie: Ahh, your thing's going wild inside my crack...
*I worked my dick along her firm, youthful backside.*
Yamato: Ugh... Huff...
Yukie: Hauu?! M-My butthole...?
*I wiped the precum against her asshole.*
Yamato: Huff, huff, huff...
Yukie: Ahh, Yamato-san... You've become such a beast.
Yamato: Yukie, move... Please.
Yukie: A-All right... Mn, eigh.
*Yukie glomped her hips tight against me, then kept moving away.*
Yamato: Mn, mmm... Ahh.
Yukie: Fwah... Ah... Mm... Ah.
Yukie: I can feel it touching me, mnn, it's so good...
Yamato: And I love the touch of your asshole.
Yamato: I guess we're both abnormal.
*Yukie zealously moved her butt.*
Yukie: Ah, mn... Mn, mnah... Huff, huff... Mn, mn!
Yukie: Ah, ahhh... Please c-cum from my butt.
Yukie: Yamato-san... Yamato-san!
Yamato: Ah! Yukie, I'm cumming!
*Spurt...! Spew!*
Yukie: Fwah! ...Heh, wah... It's so hot...
Yukie: And there's so much... and it's all yours...
*Once again I pushed my penis between her buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Huh?
*I then let out all the semen that was left over, as if to dye her asshole white.*
Yukie: Ah, mm... Hau, there's so much... Inside my butt, it's so hot... Haweh, mn, ahh...
Yamato: Heh, ooh...! Ah, ahh!
Yukie: Ahhh...
Yamato: That felt wonderful...
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: I'll wipe you off...
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Though we're just getting started.
Yukie: --Huh?
*I lifted up Yukie's semen-covered ass.*
Yamato: I'm putting it in your backdoor. I'm taking your anal virginity too.
*I used my hands to open up her white butt and stared at her asshole.*
Yukie: Th-There? ...You can't, you just can't.
*My semen would serve as a dirty-white lubricant.*
Yamato: Your pink thing is quivering in anticipation.
Yukie: Ahhh, but it's so big. It won't fit.
Yamato: Mm, I'll be gentle. Mnn...
Yukie: Fwah! Ah, you're actually doing i--Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so hot back here too.
Yukie: Ahhh, it's so hard... N-No, I can't! Fwah!
Yamato: I want this, and I'm not stopping.
*Her rear entrance squeezed about me.*
Yukie: Ah?! Ahhhhhhhh!
*With the help of the semen, I fucked away.*
Yukie: Kh... Ahhh! You're in my stomach, hah, ah!
Yukie: Your hot thing's in there, ah, ah! Ah!
Yamato: Ooh, it's amazing how tight you are... I'm putting all of it in.
Yukie: Ooh, khgh...
Yukie: ..Huff, huff, huff... You're trembling inside me... Ahh.
Yamato: I'll move slowly.
Yukie: Fwaah! Haahh...
Yukie: Ooh... Aweh... You're moving inside my butt...
Yamato: Yukie!
Yukie: Mnah... You've penetrated me in the back too... Huff, ah!
Yukie: Heh, heh, ah, ahh... Th-There is some pain, but...
Yukie: But my butt f-feels so good, Yamato-san.
Yamato: Then I'll make you feel even better.
Yukie: Mnah! Ah, you're being so rough...
*Countless times I thrust down her anal cavity.*
Yukie: Fwah, mnah, ah, it's like it's burning me!
*My raging penis jammed its way through her pristine asshole.*
Yukie: Ahhh, I-I... I... Mnkh, ah, ah.
*I held her butt, now completely mine, as I picked up the pace.*
Yukie: Fwah, ah... Mm! I-I'm going to cum... Ahh.
Yukie: It's my first time doing anal, and yet... Ah, I'm cumming...
*I firmly grasped her shaking butt and churned inside her.*
Yukie: Yamato-san, please cum, Yamato-san... Cum!
*I drove myself all the way inside her.*
Yukie: Ahhhhhh! Fwah... I'm cumming! Mmmnnn!
Yamato: I'm cumming, Yukie!
*Spurt! Spurt!*
Yukie: Ah, aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yukie: Ahh, it's so hot... Ah, ahh... Ahhh.
Yukie: Huff, huff, Yamato-san, ah, your seed...
Yukie: Kweh, ooh... It's filling my butt, ah.
*I let all the semen I had flow into her.*
Yamato: I'm pulling out.
Yukie: Ahn... Fwah.
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff...
*After I did so, Yukie slumped to the floor.*
Yamato: Uh, you probably don't want to stay down here.
Yamato: I should at least take you up to my room.
Yamato: All right, I think I have 13 rounds left in me today.
Yukie: Th-That's beyond incredible...
Iyo: I-I see... So the shift worked perfectly.
Yukie: Too perfectly... Ow!
Iyo: What's wrong?
Yukie: N-Nothing. I'm fine.
Yukie: (I couldn't possibly tell her my butt hurts.)
Yukie: Nevertheless, I thought love would be simpler once I started going out, but I was wrong.
Iyo: If anything, I think that's when the game really starts!
Iyo: So let's start planning shift 2!
Yukie: There's more?!
*The maidens' dialogue lasted endlessly into the night--*
====================act_r_ゲームエンドテキスト.bin====================
Jun: Finished playing? Brush your teeth and go to bed.
Touma: Do try to hurry back to the game, or I may find myself putting the moves on all of the cute girls.
Jun: Young Master, why are you always so quick to try to lure people back in?
Touma: Lure, you say? Yes, I suppose it is something like that.
Touma: And it is better not to be lured, but rather to live as you please.
Shouichi: Taking a break? You'd better make sure to make it all the way to the end.
Shouichi: I know you can. You just gotta believe in yourself.
Gakuto: Quittin' the game? Then how about you hang out with someone as great as me?
Gakuto: How about a game of basketball? I'll teach you all the tricks.
Gakuto: When you shoot, use your left hand just to guide the ball, like this!
Tadakatsu: Givin' up already? Guess you don't got what it takes.
Tadakatsu: Well, whatever. I made some grub.
Tadakatsu: It's clam pasta. Well? Do you... want some, too?
Jun: Quitting the game? Thanks for playing, and all that.
Jun: By the way, you like Gunyom, right?
Jun: Which mobile suit's your favorite?
Jun: Me, I like Kamp. It's so cool, right?
Jun: A glass cannon -- little armor, tons of firepower! Man, I wanna pilot one while drunk someday.
Jun: Why'd they pair you with me?
Yukie: I-I wonder. I can't imagine why.
Matsukaze: Yo, I bet they grabbed two names outta a hat.
Jun: Hey, hey... What's with that cell phone strap?
Yukie: Th-That's classified.
Kyojin: Oh, what, you're done already? That was fast.
Kyojin: I'll give you some candy. Go share it with your friends.
Tesshin: Oh, you're finished? We'll meet again soon, I'm sure.
Tesshin: Remember to live a life free of regrets.
Umeko: Yes. Take the proper breaks and rest your eyes.
Umeko: ...But if I find out you're cheating on us with other games, we're going to have a very long talk.
Umeko: Frequent breaks -- that's a satisfying way to live.
Kyojin: So, Ms. Kojima, what do you say to getting dinner with me after this?
Umeko: I must decline.
Kyojin: Again? The world's a tough place to be...
Touma: Oh, have you finished playing?
Koyuki: Wow, good job!
Touma: However, what would you say to following up your time with the game with a date with me?
Koyuki: Aha! Touma, you go for everyone!
Touma: But you shall always be first in my heart, Yuki.
Koyuki: ...Heheh. Marshmallows are so yummy!
Jun: Yukie, what were you doing?
Koyuki: Hmm, so I found a spider web? And I kinda want to put a butterfly on it?
Touma: Yuki, you mustn't be naughty.
Koyuki: Bye bye, butterfly!
Koyuki: Ahaha, it's all wrapped up. And its wings fell off.
Koyuki: Wrap, wrap, wrap it up...
Touma: Yuki is so awfully cute.
Touma: What a perfectly soothing moment with which to end the game.
Jun: ...No comment.
Hideo: Mwahahaha! Ending the game, commoner?!
Hideo: A hero like Us could beat the game without taking even a single break.
Azumi: You are so amazing, Hideo-sama
Hideo: Alas, so be it. For now, withdraw and refresh your vigor.
Suguru: What? Have you finished already, my brother? A pity. The greatest pity I have ever known!
Takuya: Well, isn't this much about right?
Suguru: Recall how the great master of 16 hertz firing said that one should play for ten hours a day. Now, return to play!
Takuya: That's way too much! Don't just tack a zero at the end of the number!
Azumi: Oh, you finally bought it? Took you long enough, Baldie.
Azumi: ...Hey, Baldie. What's this bun and why's it glowing in seven friggin' colors?
Jun: Don't you want to taste the rainbow? ...Well? What do you think of the big setup and reveal?
Azumi: How about I shove a rainbow up your friggin' ass?!
Jun: Some maids just can't take a joke.
Hideo: Mwahahahahaha...
Jun: Okay, you'd better not even say it as a joke!
Haguro: Hahaha, like, double-u tee eff? Ain't nobody here.
Haguro: I guess I can do whatever the fuck I want!
Haguro: ......
Haguro: But, it ain't fun without someone else here.
Shibutaku: Bob, I'm bored of Nanahama too, so let's go on a tour.
Bob: WHOOSH! WHOOSH! OKAY!
Shibutaku: I heard through some back channels about how to make money fast. But you can't tell anyone else.
Bob: WHAT ABOUT OUNO?
Shibutaku: He's making bank with those stupid books he's publishing, so fuck him.
Bob: HAHAHA.
Takuya: You've quit the game, so it's time to head home. Come to think of it, listen to this.
Ikurou: Oh, hot girl spotted! MAX!
Gakuto: Hahaha. Is there a train in my pocket, or am I just happy to see her?
Takuya: Another woman? Why do you have to be so--!
Kokoro: My noble midday meal is sea bream and abalone.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, I've brought lunch -- filet mignon
Hideo: Mwahaha! And it shall become Our flesh and blood!
Koyuki: It's a feast for you, and for you, and for everybody!
Jun: Though wait. Why are so many of you not wearing the uniforms? Now I feel like the odd one out.
History Teacher: Fushikawa, you look most esteemed again today, yes.
Kokoro: And Mr. Ayanokouji, your eyebrows are most spectacular.
Koyuki: Touma, can you see the difference?
Touma: His eyebrows are 3 millimeters shorter than they were yesterday, if I am any judge.
Jun: Nice going, Young Master. You really have an eye for details.
Gakuto: All right, after the game I'm goin' make myself a protein drink.
Takuya: Those tastes awful, doesn't they? Wanko saids she mixes hers with milk.
Gakuto: Hahaha, I heard her sayin' she wants her breasts to grow big, but there's no way that's happenin'.
Takuya: Then what about you, Gakuto?
Gakuto: I mix mine with gravy. It adds more fuel for my muscles. How do you beat that? You don't!
Takuya: Just drinking gravy is insane enough already.
Kyojin: Now that you've quit the game, this old man's got a special lesson for you.
Tadakatsu: Forget that, Pops, and get to work. You got a pile of it on your desk.
Kyojin: A quick breather here and there is just what we need. That's the trick to living well.
Tadakatsu: Hmph... That stuff, it doesn't mean nothing to me.
Kyojin: Well, that's one answer too. Okay, that's it for the lesson.
Tadakatsu: Hey, if you're gonna do it, take it more seriously than that!
Mayo: Thanks for playing. Since you're so tired, as your big sister, I'll sing you a lullaby.: Rock-a-bye baby...
Chika: Mayo, you must be so busy from being our class rep. Come on over here and rest.
Mayo: Okay, but just for a little...
Chika: Mayo looks so cute as she sleeps... Rock-a-bye Mayo, in the tree tops
Mayo: Zzz... Zzz...
Chika: ...She fell asleep. Looking after our class has to be exhausting.
Bookstore Owner: Just 'cause the game's over don't mean work's over.
Shouichi: Can't you go out and hire somebody else?
Bookstore Owner: Damn idiots these days got no work ethic., plus they think bookstores are free libraries.
Shouichi: I'll do my best to make it up for them! I mean, books are cool, man.
Bookstore Owner: Ooh, ya idiot, you give me hope that this world's still gotta chance. Right, let's get started on sortin' the warehouse--
Shouichi: Hey, this fairytale book's pretty interesting!
Bookstore Owner: You're just like all the others, ya idiot!
Matsukaze: This time it's just us, Matsukaze.
Yukie: You can do it, Mayucchi! Don't worry! Step past the asphalt startin' line!
Matsukaze: But with no one here, there's no pressure... I feel like we might be making some sort of horrible mistake.
Yukie: Yo, ain't no way. Ah know my girl Mayucchi don't make that kinda mistake.
Matsukaze: O-Of course not... Wait. This feels backwards?
Shouichi: Yo, are you enjoyin' the game?
Takuya: But I think they've stopped for today.
Shouichi: But why? Me, I'd full-clear the whole thing in one day.
Takuya: Only because your days are longer than 24 hours. Going past 30 isn't a thing people can do.
Shouichi: But it's getting over that barrier that makes things fun! I'm gonna turn a corner and realize I'm the main character now!
Takuya: And now you're going headfirst into a dream.
Shouichi: My time on stage is up, so time to get someone to buy me lunch.
Ikurou: Kazama, are you really going out to eat with girls from other classes again?! I'm not jealous! But I am jealous! Dammit!
Ikurou: At least tell me food isn't the only thing you'll be using to satisfy you hunger tonight!
Shouichi: Huh? But once I've chowed down, I won't be hungry anymore.
Shouichi: Sometimes, a girl will ask me to eat up her food too, but I just can't.
Ikurou: No! Be a man and eat it!
Shouichi: Okay, you're done playing, so it's time to eat.
Mitsuru: Kazama-kun, do-not you want donuts?
Shouichi: Nice one, Kuma-chan. You're a real bro.
Mitsuru: I hate when I get hungry, after all.
Shouichi: Delicious! I could eat a dozen of these donuts and still keep on going!
Mitsuru: Hey, Kazama-kun?! Make sure to save some for me!
Shouichi: Whoops, my bad. I polished them all off.
Mitsuru: ...Ooh.
Mitsuru: I'm hungry.
Mitsuru: I'M SO HUNGRRYYYYYY!
Shouichi: Whoa! Shoot, he's snapped! Wanko, you take care of him, got it?!
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm gonna go home with the next person who walks by.
Kazuko: Who's going to come today? This is so exciting!
Momoyo: Wanko, were you waiting for me? Oh, you cutie.
Kazuko: Yay! It's Onee-sama!
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm gonna go home with the next person who walks by.
Kazuko: Who's going to come today? This is so exciting!
Miyako: ...... *ignore*
Kazuko: S-Stop ignoring me! Let's go home together...
Miyako: Heh heh. I was just joking.
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm gonna go home with the next person who walks by.
Kazuko: Who's going to come today? This is so exciting!
Kazuko: ...No one's coming. I guess I'll jog home.
Yukie: Awwww. I was trying to muster up the courage to show myself, but she already left.
Matsukaze: You gotta chase after her, Mayucchi. That's the only way you're gonna understand love!
Yukie: A-All right!
Kazuko: 'Kay, I'm gonna go home with the next person who walks by.
Kazuko: Who's going to come today? This is so exciting!
Chris: Oh, if it is not Dog? Do you want to go home with me?
Kazuko: Hmph. Then how about we race to the Shimazu Dorm?
Chris: Interesting. I shall not lose.
Tesshin: Oh, this is where you choose to end the game?
Tesshin: What an excellent stopping point. I think I like it.
Tesshin: But this is nothing more than one of many possibilities. This one may not work out. You must keep that in mind.
Azumi: Hideo-sama Thank you for all your work today.
Hideo: What is it, Azumi?
Azumi: Isn't it time for you to take a rest?
Hideo: Mwahaha, We can yet continue! Do not underestimate Us!
Azumi: Your eyes are bloodshot, Hideo-sama. Please...
Hideo: Hmph. Though exhaustion does not affect Us, We shall yield to your insistence.
Azumi: Thank you so much, Hideo-sama.
Chris's Father: Do you know why I called for you, Second Lieutenant Margit?
Margit: Sir, because even a soldier must quit her game like any other person, Sir!
Chris's Father: Exactly. Exhaustion piles up as much with games as it does in war.
Margit: It is time to withdraw. A soldier must keep her screen time limited.
Cookie: Hey, it's a bummer, but the game's over.
Shouichi: What?! But I've got tons more playin' to do!
Cookie: You're ignoring me? Fine, have it your way...
Cookie 2: If you seek entertainmant, come spar with me.
Shouichi: Whoa! How many times do I gotta tell ya to stop swinging that glowing sword!
Cookie 2: Don't be a weak. I never hold back.
Gakuto: What, you're done already? Good luck gettin' popular at this rate.
Takuya: Gakuto, I don't think they want to hear that coming from you.
Mitsuru: *om nom nom*
Gakuto: You eat way too much!
Takuya: If I don't wrap things up, this will never end... See ya later!
Margit: Dammit, you would end the game already?
Margit: You will play more.
Touma: May I take it you have yet to have enough fun?
Margit: Fun? I take this very seriously.
Jun: You can't be angry at them. I'm sure they have things they need to do.
Koyuki: Sheesh, you're like a naggy Nancy.
Margit: Hasen... You will do as you will!
Gakuto: Oh, they're takin' a break from the game.
Gakuto: Now, while Yamato is away, I shall create my own harem.
Gakuto: Who do I start with? Ms. Ume?
Gakuto: ......
Gakuto: Wait, am I the only one here?
Momoyo: Alright, it's time for everyone's favorite --the end-game skit. Let's go with a classic TV format.
Kazuko: Next time, on Majikoi! Love Me Seriously! --Sweat, Tears, and Friendship!--
Shouichi: Whoa, this is gonna be hype!
Takuya: Uh, you do know this isn't a shounen manga, right?
Kazuko: But I like it when things are exciting.
Momoyo: You're more of a 'Hana yori Dumbbell' kind of girl, aren't you?
Kazuko: Yep! I'm going to train a lot! Oh, I know: Let's have a training arc!
Takuya: I don't know about this...
Momoyo: Alright, it's time for everyone's favorite --the end-game skit. Let's go with a classic TV format.
Miyako: Next time, on Majikoi! Love Me Seriously! --Moro+Gakuto, the Forbidden Pairing!--
Takuya: Some things are forbidden for a reason!
Gakuto: Whoa, if they combine us, I'll lose half my muscle.
Takuya: I'm the one who should be complaining here! I don't want to be stupid and sweaty.
Gakuto: Also, back up: Why does Moro's name come before mine?
Takuya: That's what you're worried about?
Momoyo: Alright, it's time for everyone's favorite --the end-game skit. Let's go with a classic TV format.
Yukie: Next time, on Majikoi! Love Me Seriously! --Can I Make 100 Friends?!--
Yukie: And I still have a hundred left to go. Oooh...
Gakuto: Just count us already.
Shouichi: If you want more friends, talk to our tactician. He'll lend you a hand.
Yukie: Ooh, thank you so much!
Momoyo: The drama's resolved in the preview? Well that's new.
Momoyo: Alright, it's time for everyone's favorite --the end-game skit. Let's go with a classic TV format.
Chris: Next time, on Majikoi! Love Me Seriously! --Cross-Culture Communication!--
Momoyo: How about we start by opening up a dialogue between my flesh and yours, eh?
Chris: Wh-Why does this only happen on my turn?!
Gakuto: No one knows more about the dialogue of the flesh than me!
Chris: Hah!
Gakuto: Why am I always the punchlineeeee?!
Kazuko: We'll see you again next week!
Takuya: Wait, so he can't play for a whole week?
Cookie: Save complete, elegantly and beautifully.
Shouichi: Wowie, you're being frank.
Cookie: All right, now turn off the power.
Shouichi: Uh, you know this isn't a console game, right? One more click'll take the player right on back to their desktop.
Umeko: This is the end. Take plenty of rest.
Ikurou: No, you can still keep going!
Umeko: I said to rest, you uncultured swine!
Ikurou: Gaaahhh! The pain feels so good!
Umeko: Until we meet again in my classroom, farewell.
Angel: The game's over and I still gotta fuckin' work? You gonna make me cry. Like, seriously.
Ami: I don't have the energy to care. Just do whatever.
Tatsuko: Zzz... Zzz...
Angel: ...Wow. I am seriously gonna fuckin' cry now.
Momoyo: What's wrong? Are you tired?
Miyako: Answer 'Yes' and you'll raise an event flag.
Momoyo: Don't go sayin' that. You'll ruin the fun.
Shouichi: Man, one wrong move could've been the end of your life.
Lu: Mmm, I feel as if someone is watching.
Monk: Impressive, Assistant Master. I didn't notice a thing.
Lu: Simply strive to improve with each passing day.
Monk: That is why I train! Hah!
Lu: Do not rush. When it is time to rest, you must rest. That is the first step to true strength.
Jun: Man, my neck hurts.
Koyuki: Did Momo-senpai choke you again?
Jun: After she chokes me, she slams my face into a bucket of water. If I ever don't wake up, I'd be dead.
Koyuki: I see a way out -- you just have to die!
Jun: All right, never make that joke again.
Koyuki: But I wasn't joking!
Jun: That's even worse!
Suguru: You are putting an end to this game already? You seriously need more love!
Suguru: You say your sister has walked in? Or your mother? Hah! Petty excuses, all of them!
Suguru: Cast aside your third-dimensional assumptions and come into the 2D realm!
Suguru: For I have seen you play this game, and I know you can do it.
Suguru: I stand here just one step away -- waiting within your monitor!
Ikurou: The game's over, so I guess I'll take some pictures of some blondies.
Takuya: Yonpachi, I noticed you carry your camera with you even during gym class.
Shouichi: And he's got it with him during swimming lessons.
Ikurou: Of course I do! Those classes are gold mines for a photographer like me!
Shouichi: I mean, is it really that big of a deal?
Takuya: You should probably take that off before someone breaks it.
Ikurou: Photographer's blood runs through my veins! That pride is the one thing I know is true!
Takuya: Uh, that pose doesn't change the fact that you're still uncool.
Kazuko: Whew, this should be far enough that Kuki-kun won't--
Hideo: Whereever did Kazuko-dono go? There is yet so much to tell her.
Azumi: Hideo-sama, I found her
Kazuko: Wah! Rickshaws are no fair!
Hideo: Kazuko-dono!
Kazuko: Well, I have to run, so I'll see you all next time!
Gakuto: What, you're still playing?
Takuya: This is the only time I can complete this quest.
Gakuto: Wait, seriously? Online games seem like more trouble than they're worth.
Gakuto: Meanwhile, you can play Majikoi! whenever you want. We'll be ready and waitin' for your return!
PA: It is time for the game to end.
PA: All remaining users are to log off and prepare for the next restart.
Suguru: Today I had plenty of fun. Now I can bear the air of the third dimension for a full thirty minutes.
Suguru: You who say there is good to be found in 3D, grit your teeth! I will teach you the truth!
Takuya: Thanks for playing. But you're not the only one who gave it their all.
Takuya: Your computer was right there along with you.
Takuya: Your computer is your partner. Make sure to perform maintenance on it once in a while.
Gakuto: Hey, striving to clear a game is good and all, but spend some time buildin' up your muscles! Chisel your body to perfection!
Gakuto: Oh, you can't? Then tie a dumbbell to your mouse!
Gakuto: You can't? Then go buy an iron mouse!
Takuya: There's so many problems with that, where do I even begin?
Chika: Like, why do you keep staring out that way?
Suguru: Can you not see? I watch my brother battling on the far side of the monitor.
Chika: Uh, you totally need to take a trip to the hospital.
Suguru: Hmph. At least there is more logic to what I say than there is in the pitiful smattering of text you call a novel.
Mayo: Whew, it's finally over.
Mayo: And since I'm the only one here...
Mayo: Goodness, you'd be helpless without me.
Mayo: I-It's not like I'm doing it for you! This just makes sense!
Mayo: Mmn... That kind of character is too hard for me to do.
Shouichi: Welp, the game's over, so let's get outta here!
Takuya: That sentence would make absolutely no sense without context.
Shouichi: We're about to set off on our own hot-blooded adventure!
Takuya: Capt, that's what characters say when their show gets canceled.
Cookie: Look at all the pretty flowers blooming.
Cookie: I couldn't live if I couldn't find the time to care for them.
Cookie: Huh? Bugs are eating this flower?!
Cookie: Why would you do that, when it's so pretty?!
Cookie 2: It seems you are in need of pruning.
Cookie 2: Naoe Yamato is an intellectual, but I too am known for my brains!
Cookie 2: May we one day engage in a battle of wits.
Umeko: Hmm, even the cactus is in full bloom.
Chris's Father: Oh, what a pretty cactus.
Chris's Father: It's as beautiful as you.
Umeko: So I see you're a skilled flatterer, Mr. Friedrich.
Chris's Father: There is more to me than my iron-curtain facade.
Momoyo: Today, I'm going to give acting like a little sister a shot.
Momoyo: Onii-chan! Onii-chan, where'd you go?!
Suguru: I am here! Your big brother is I!
Momoyo: I found you, Onii-chan!
Suguru: Curses! How dare I fall for a 3D little sister voice?!
Momoyo: This is too hard! I'm going to track down Yamato and take out my frustration on him.
Jun: Argh, do I want a parfait or oshiruko?
Chris's Father: A parfait would be the wise choice. Hesitation can be bad for you.
Chris's Father: It can at times bring death upon yourself.
Jun: Wow, that's dark! Damn, you're grim.
Jun: ...Maybe I'll give it a try.
Jun: Hesitation can at times bring death upon yourself.
Tesshin: It seems you're all here...
Touma: Whyever did you summon us?
Ryuuhei: I'm not looking for friends.
Tesshin: You two are talented. You have the potential to become captains.
Tesshin: So I appoint you this game's advertising captains! Do your best!
Ikurou: Whoa, I'm so close to seeing the girl on the third floor's panties!
Ikurou: If I jump, I'll get the shot! Deyah!
Jun: Just how nimble is that guy...
Prime Minister: All I do is for the people!
Cookie 2: Such passion! Such charisma!
Cookie 2: He is the one I seek to one day surpass.
Gakuto: Yo, Cookie, play chess with me.
Cookie 2: Interesting. I shall play you in this form.
Gakuto: (Great. I know I can beat his combat form.)
*...Ten minutes later.*
Cookie 2: You are not worth talking about. Cheers and adulations will flood me.
Gakuto: Argh, dammit all!
Jun: So out of all the mechs in Gunyom, which one do you think's the most beautiful?
Jun: I'd say it's Doven. Oh, but it didn't get to really show off its impressive arsenal in the original.
Jun: What a waste... It's got so much too.
Jun: Me, I'm more of an old-fashioned kind of guy, so my heart goes out to wired projectiles.
Jun: And like, in Super Mecha Wars, who do I have as a pilot? Kyou or Smith?
Jun: So out of all the amphibious mechs in Gunyom, which one's your favorite?
Jun: I like Kap. It's round and cute.
Jun: Plus, it spends a long time dormant before coming back strong in the future.
Jun: In Gunyom, Kato's a really cool character.
Jun: There's beauty in an antagonist with conviction. And his death was magnificent.
Jun: Yeah, I can't afford to hesitate. I have to take the broad view.
Tadakatsu: Finished? Still, gotta say, this game's a chaotic mess. All the pairs of guys are just ships waitin' to happen.
Takuya: Please, no! Don't let that be my fate!
Momoyo: Whoa there! Would-be Samurai Girls, you have to learn to ride a white horse!
Chris: Perhaps I shall attempt to learn pro wrestling in order to strengthen my close-range skills.
Tadakatsu: And maybe I'll pick up a bow every so often.
Kyojin: And maybe this old man will make Tadakatsu some mapo tofu.
Shimokitazawa: Now then, want to play the finger counting game with me?
Margit: Hmph. You will consider whom you're speaking to before you ask.
Cookie 2: Then come, lovely lady, oh come thou with me, for many a game I will play there with thee.
Lawyer: Heheh, finished playing? Bye-bye.
Pigtails: We're all still doing well!
Young Woman: Someday, somewhere, we have to meet again!
Ageha: Mwahahahahahahaha!
Hideo: Mwahahahahahahaha!
Ageha: Well played!
Hideo: We shall meet again, commoner!
Yume: Finally, the true heroine takes the stage!
Yume: It's time for the Yume route to start!
Yume: Wait, it's over already? Noooooo!
Ricardo: Finished playing? That is good.
Ricardo: Your eyes are alive. You must give them rest.
Gail: The game ends now, just as Gates predicted.
Gates: But maybe we should upgrade the OS soon.
Gail: Already?
Messi: Exiting the game? Thanks for playing!
Messi: Until we meet again!
Kosugi: Oh, you're finished? Premium thanks for playing!
Kosugi: But next time I'd like you to put in a bit more effort, Senpai.
Shakadou: Heh heh, done playin'?
Shakadou: What do y'say t'headin' t'Umeya with me? The pork bowl's amazin'.
Shakadou: Man, Umeya's beef curry's delicious.
Shouichi: Mnngh, I don't know how to deal with him.
Cookie: What's wrong, Meister?
Shakadou: Now ain't you an interestin' machine. Maybe I oughta make it mine.
Shouichi: I'm getting a bad feeling about this. Run!
Kokoro: I will have you know, my fan dance is quite exceptional.
Shakadou: Go home! There ain't no place'n for you on that stage!
Kokoro: Who do you think you are?!
Jun: Oh, someone left a copy of Weekly Shounen Jast over there!
Jun: I think I'll just read To Love-Run. The younger sister character better win.
Jun: Man, I wanna gobble her up. Huh? What're you doing here?
Shakadou: Hey, I saw that first.
Jun: No way, it's mine!
Shakadou: Nah, it's mine!
Jun:  Mine!
Jun: Oh, wait, it's the seasonal edition?!
Sergei: ...YOU FINISHED PLAYING?!
Sergei: THEN DRINK VODKA, REST!
Sergei: OR WANT ME TALK ABOUT HOMELAND, RUSSIA?
Sergei: RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VERY STRONG!
Sergei: CAN WRESTLE TIGER! IS AMAZING!
Nya-Nya: Finished? Thanks for playing.
Nya-Nya: Then now care for your eyes by looking at some distant scenery.
Nya-Nya: Everyone needs regular breaks.
Nya-Nya: Actually, why not play with Nya-Nya? Let's chase after a cheetah together!
Koyuki: I'm mysterious albino girl Ishima Kaigen!
Koyuki: Psyche! Weheheh.
Koyuki: Thanks for playing.
Yamato: Whoa, I had a horrible nightmare...
Yamato: I chased an enemy too far and plunged into Earth's atmosphere.
Chris's Father: What a sad dream. Yet I promise you, your death will not be in vain.
Chika: Did you watch the movie 'Red Cliff'?
Chika: Oh my gosh, it's so good.
Chika: It's strange, but like, I cheer for Zhang Fei.
Koyuki: Don't you think Sun Shangxiang's just super-duper?
Margit: Heh. The best character in Red Cliff is obviously Zhou Yu.
Ryuuhei: Ahh, I'm so bored. Couldn't a monster show up or something?
Ryuuhei: Then I'd just have to go out and exorcise it.
Prime Minister: That'd be good. Let me in on it.
Prime Minister: Gotta catch a breather every so often.
Ryuuhei: Great. All that's left is to find a katana-wielding schoolgirl.
Prime Minister: Life's nothing without entertainment.
Ryuuhei: Anyone and everyone's scum!
Ryuuhei: Ain't there someone who can give me a good time?
Ryuuhei: Geez, I'm bored. I wish I could take a trip into the chaotic wars of ancient China.
Gakuto: I think you're on to somethin'. I want to go back to the Sengoku era.
Touma: Are you enjoying the game? If I could offer some advice...
Touma: When playing routes with older characters, you must take care to build things up day after day.
Touma: You must think carefully before you make your choices, or else your very life may be in danger.
Touma: How did you find the game? If I may offer a minor suggestion...
Touma: Regarding the ponytail girl's route...
Touma: I'm afraid I have no advice to give. Please, enjoy yourself.
Touma: Are you enjoying the game?
Touma: If I may offer some advice, regarding that ardent girl's route...
Touma: Please care for her.
Touma: A man must be gentle with a girl. That is common sense.
Touma: Visual novels are rather fun.
Touma: Allow me to share with you a hint to winning the heart of the blond-haired girl...
Touma: It is to never give up. Indeed, that is true for any romance.
Touma: Thank you for playing. Let me pat your head.
Touma: Karma always comes back to you.
Touma: What may seem like a meaningless choice will later reveal its meaning.
Touma: And that is particularly true for the younger girl's route.
Chris's Father: Finished? Then it is time to rest.
Umeko: You should rest as well, Oogushi.
Suguru: Sure. Do I have a choice?
Suguru: Fine, whatever. I will rest my eyes, if I must.
Umeko: Good. Never forget to do so.
Chris's Father: Games are a wonderful breather sometimes.
Suguru: 'Sometimes'? No. I would rather spend all of my time playing games.
Umeko: Listen, Oogushi -- play too much, and I will confiscate your game.
Chris's Father: Don't worry so much.
Suguru: Worry is the farthest thing from my mind, for if it weren't, my life as a nerd would be over.
Takuya: Huh? You're finished already?
Takuya: What gives? I want to keep playing!
Kazuko: J-Just calm down, okay, Moro?!
Takuya: Oh, sorry. I got carried away.
Kazuko: ...Ahaha.
Takuya: I can't believe Wanko had to tell me to cool it!
Bob: Charge... PUNCH!
Bob: WHOOSH! WHOOSH! PUNCHES BEST!
Tadakatsu: Huh, looks like someone's goin' all-out.
Bob: WANT JOIN WITH ME? WE BECOME NEW BIG FOUR!
Tadakatsu: Good grief...
History Teacher: Mayuzumi, Inoue, you are faring well, no?
Yukie: I'm doing a-all right!
Jun: Back up. Why are the three of us grouped together?!
History Teacher: Then let us finish the game without delay, no?
History Teacher: Maro does not like barbaric things in the slightest, but...
History Teacher: A big adventure would be nice, yes.
History Teacher: What if Maro were the leader of the Resistance?
Momoyo: Haha, sounds like fun. I'd get to kick some ass.
Momoyo: Count me in!
Kyojin: Now then, why don't we teachers head out for drinks?
Umeko: Beer and edamame! A Japanese summer!
Lu: Good! And with vacation coming up, there's no need to hold back!
History Teacher: But we must not lose control of ourselves, no.
History Teacher: For we are always teachers, yes?
Kyojin: I never thought you'd be the one to warn us, Mr. Ayanokouji.
Kosugi: Premium Time!
Kosugi: This is the chance for us freshmen to stand out.
Iyo: Um, err, uh...
Yukie: Auau...
Kosugi: ...This will never work.
====================act_s_スタッフルーム.bin====================: Welcome to the Majikoi Staff Room!
*This is where you can view some postgame remarks from the Minato Soft staff.: Head towards Takahiro: Meet with wagi: Go see MA-KUN: Talk with Yukizuki Hibana: Fly to Karasu: Visit Nowaki: Dance with Joker: Check out Esuzu's... thing: Leave*
Takahiro: This is Takahiro. Thank you for playing all the way through the game.
Takahiro: Thank you to those who supported us, and to everyone else too.
Takahiro: I hope we meet again somewhere.
Takahiro: I said everything I wanted to say in the glossary that came with the first edition, so please read through that.
Takahiro: Oh, by the way, 'Samurai' is grouped with the ending songs even though it's an insert song as a reference to Heisei Rider.
wagi: Hello, nice to meet you. I'm wagi. I was in charge of the original art.
wagi: Thank you so much for playing Majikoi!
wagi: Whether you took your time or you stayed up all night to finish it quickly, I couldn't be happier to see you've read it through to the end.
wagi: I can only hope you enjoyed the experience.
wagi: That is the end of Majikoi... for now. Thank you for playing.
wagi: I hope to see you again. Good bye.
MA-KUN: I'm MA-KUN, the CG director. Thank you for purchasing the game.
*Next*
*Next*
*Next*
*Next*
MA-KUN: Wanko's so cute.
MA-KUN: Play your heart out! Bye!
Yukizuki: Welcome to Yukizuki's staff room.
Yukizuki: I have free miso soup for you. Take a seat and enjoy, please.
Yukizuki: When you saw the miso soup, I believe you felt something that defied words, yet was similar to a shudder.
Yukizuki: I hope that, even in this tranquil world, you never forget that feeling.
Yukizuki: Now, any complaints?: Don't show me something so filthy!: Censor it!: That wasn't even soup!
Yukizuki: The lesson here is, even when you're given a choice, all the options are pretty much the same.
Yukizuki: So I made thirteen kinds of miso soup, enough for one full season of anime, but I stopped halfway.
Yukizuki: Actually, I have been stricken with an incurable disease.
Yukizuki: A disease that sprung from my lifestyle. Let me just say it... diabetes!
Yukizuki: I fought long and hard against this disease, and now...
Yukizuki: I've made it down to a normal weight and am now the picture of perfect health!
Yukizuki: Today actually marks one year since I started fighting the disease.
Yukizuki: I decided to call this the Majikoi diet. I 'seriously' made it through!         -Fin.
Yukizuki: I was able to lose 60kg because of Majikoi! This has to be a best-seller!
Yukizuki: I literally made this game out of my own sweat and blood. (I just really wanted to say that line.)
Yukizuki: Everyone, have a fun Minato-life! That's all from me, the scripter, Yukizuki Hibana.
Karasu: Hello, this is Karasu. Thank you very much for playing the entire game. *bow*
Karasu: ......
Karasu: I owe so much of what I've done to Lipov**** D Super 2000.
Karasu: ......
Karasu: I feel like I'm starting to understand what's so good about black hair.
Karasu: Ugh... I need a good, long rest...
Karasu: ......
Momoyo: Heheheh...
Nowaki: This is Nowaki, from the CG team.
Nowaki: I've tried to think of something to say, but I'm just not good with words, so...
Nowaki:  I did my best!
Nowaki: I can put everything into those words.
Nowaki: It's a simple phrase, but I'll be delighted if they let me convey my passion through this game.
Nowaki: Also, there's a lot of endings, so here's to a 100% clear during summer vacation(?)!
Joker: Good evening. I'm Tentacles. Psyche! I'm Joker.
Joker: I was chatting with some people on who was the handsomest DQ monster, and then I missed the last train.
Joker: Thank you all for your purchase. Were those of you who bought this along with a certain pure game able to complete both at once?
Joker: I believed you just might have played with the intensity it takes to clear a 24-hour CX challenge!
Joker: I'd really like to take advantage of this space to do something truly special. I'm quite busy so I'll have to keep this brief.
Joker: Which means it's quiz time!
Joker: Is your heart ready for this?: This sounds long, so I'm leaving: Let's go!
Joker: Now, now. Don't be like that.
Joker: So let's start.
*Question 1: Where was Maro born?: Kyoto: Nara: Iwate*
Joker: Well, I think that's right.
Joker: It's gotta be somewhere around there.
*Question 2: Who is Joker's favorite heroine?: Miyako: Momoyo: Yukie*
Joker: So close!
Joker: Black-haired swordswomen always score highly in my books.
Joker: That's all for the quiz! Thanks for participating.
Joker: I wouldn't call this a reward, but remember the campaign I up and started back on the official homepage?
Joker: I'll answer the question I raised here and now. Feel free to complain about the long, fake reveals in the diary entries. I welcome your tears.
Joker: So, the answer is...
Joker: At Minato Soft, we tell you the time by using... YOUR NAME!
Joker: We literally call out your name when work ends. It's so embarrassing, but I think everyone's already used to it.
Joker: So that's all from me. Thank you for sticking with me all this time.
Joker: This is where Joker calls it a day... eventually! But not yet! I included a little bonus for scoring high on the quiz. Enjoy!
*........................*
*............*
Matsukaze?: Yo, it's Matsukaze(?). Ah'm quiverin' in my boots people gonna get mad that Ah'm talkin' by myself. But Ah ain't Matsukaze, got it?
Matsukaze?: Sorry 'bout the fuzziness of the pictures.
Matsukaze?: So. Lemme show ya around Minato Soft.
Matsukaze?: And we off!
*........................*
Matsukaze?: This place's like hell since everyone's busy tryin' to hit the final deadline. I can't show you much, but here's one of the relatively clean areas.
Matsukaze?: The Minato Soft meeting room!
Matsukaze?: Anyone see that big picture out in a store?
Matsukaze?: This here's the prototype, so if ya wanna try to spot the differences with the final version, have fun!
Matsukaze?: ..They blurred me out 'cause Ah'm too obscene, but don't you worry 'bout none of that small stuff.
*........................*
Matsukaze?: Here's where we got the battle clothes for special events. We got 5 people's worth, of course.
Matsukaze?: Which one you think's Mayucchi's?
*........................*
Matsukaze?: And here's the packaging's proofread data. They put a lotta heart into it. Even the texture's perfect.
*........................*
Matsukaze?: So quick though that was, that's the end of the tour! Thanks for watchin' it all!
*I'm the public relations manager, Esuzu. I hope it's this sunny when Majikoi is released.*
*We're all at death's door right now, trying to get this game out the door, and then Comiket is right around the corner...*
*I seriously think we're going to burn out this summer.*
*So, how was Majikoi?*
*Having over 50 characters was overwhelming, even for us, especially in terms of the script.*
*After beating the game, if you're thinking about more scenes with the characters that you'd love to see, please email us with your suggestions!*
*There's still lots to prepare, even now that the game is released. So please look for announcements on our homepage!*
*Take care!*
====================act_t_チュートリアル.bin====================
Kosugi: This is Musashi Kosugi!
Iyo: I-I'm Oowada Iyo.
Iyo: This is the tutorial classroom.
Kosugi: Do you want to hear our premium explanation?
Kosugi: Oh, you're back.
Iyo: Welcome once more to the tutorial classroom.
Kosugi: Do you want to hear the tutorial?
Kosugi: This makes three times.
Iyo: Hello! Welcome to the tutorial.
Kosugi: So I guess I'll ask... Are you here to ask about the tutorial?
Iyo: Oh, we were waiting for you.
Kosugi: This is the premium tutorial room.
Iyo: Would you like to hear the explanation?
Kosugi: I waited here, figuring you'd come.
Iyo: This is the tuuuuuuuuutorial room!
Kosugi: Oh, nice premium curve ball.
Iyo: There's nothing worse than being stuck in a rut.
Iyo: This is the fifth time, but I'll ask anyways: Do you want to hear an explanation?
Iyo: Hello. Thanks for always coming here.
Kosugi: This is the premium tutorial classroom.
Iyo: You could listen to the explanation, if you'd like. What would you like to do?
Iyo: Hello. Thanks for always coming here.
Kosugi: This is the premium tutorial classroom.
Iyo: You could listen to the explanation, if you'd like. What would you like to do?
Iyo: Mmm, I love this sandwich. *om nom nom*
Kosugi: You completely let your guard down. We have a guest.
Iyo: Hweh?
Iyo: Ohhh, w-welcome to the tutorial classroom.
Kosugi: Did you think we entered the default pattern last time? You naive fool.
Iyo: This is your eighth time. Do you want to hear the explanation?
Iyo: Um, I have a question.
Kosugi: Then I have a premium answer.
Iyo: Why are you always wearing gym clothes?
Kosugi: So that I'm always ready to duel! Gym clothes are a warrior's uniform!
Iyo: That's really profound... So, do you want to hear the explanation?
Kosugi: By the way, this is your ninth time here.
Iyo: Hello. Thanks for always coming here.
Kosugi: This is the premium tutorial classroom.
Iyo: You could listen to the explanation, if you'd like. What would you like to do?
Kosugi: Oh, this is your thirteenth time here.
Iyo: Heheh. I prepared some snacks.
Kosugi: So, do you want to hear the explanation?
Kosugi: This is the tutorial classroom -- wait.
Kosugi: Oh, your finger looks hurt. Don't move.
Kosugi: *kiss, slurp, smack, lick, lick*...
Kosugi: Mnf... *kiss, lick* mn... *lick, smack*
Kosugi: Pwah. That's your premium present for coming here twenty times.
Iyo: Whoa... D-Do you want to hear the explanation?
Listen to it
Don't listen to it
Kosugi: So the game starts with the prologue.
Iyo: But we don't appear in it at all...
Kosugi: The prologue will continue until you get to the end of Golden Week.
Iyo: Once you've finished that, the opening movie will play and you'll get to the character select screen.
Kosugi: From that point on, every day the protagonist can choose who to hang out with.
Iyo: And you can only choose from certain people on any given day, right?
Kosugi: Exactly. So sometimes, the character you want to be with won't have any free time. When that happens, you can choose to just go home.
Iyo: And the gauges beneath the characters show some kind of progress, right?
Kosugi: Yes. When one reaches zero, you'll enter that character's route.
Iyo: I see different characters have different gauges.
Kosugi: Yeah. Some characters you can clear right away, while others will require more patience.
Iyo: But what's most important are Personal Actions!
Kosugi: Depending on their personal quirks, the available characters can take action and cause all sorts of changes.
Iyo: So if you start slacking off because the character you're interested in is almost yours, it might backfire.
Kosugi: I'll give you a more detailed explanation of one Personal Action.
Kosugi: Mayuzumi Yukie is a freshman girl, just like us. She has the skill 'Late Bloomer'.
Iyo: Um... Her skill is triggered when you make progress on another heroine's gauge, causing Mayuzumi-san to shyly slip away and become unselectable.
Kosugi: Lots of other characters have similarly quirky skills, so be careful.
Iyo: If you focus entirely on one person, you should be fine.
Iyo: So... Once you've entered someone's route, all that's left is to sit back and enjoy, right?
Kosugi: There will be choices from time to time. They range from totally meaningless to route-changing, so think carefully before you choose.
Iyo: Some might not have any immediate effect, but wind up massively changing things later on, too.
Kosugi: Mn-hm. So you'll have to play things by ear.
Iyo: Is there anything else?
Kosugi: Try clicking on the title screen's end game option a few times.
Iyo: Oh, one last thing. Some heroines have an after story as well.
Kosugi: Plus, I'm sure there's people who love the H-scenes.
Iyo: You can access all of that from the extras menu.
Kosugi: Mm, that should be good.
Iyo: Then let's meet again in the main story. Bye-bye!
Chris's Father: ......I believe they did just fine.
Chris's Father: I was going to depart if they did a poor job of it, but...
Chris's Father: Perhaps a new era is upon us.
Chris's Father: A new era crafted by their young hands.
Chris's Father: However, I will not retire until Chris is of age!
Iyo: O-Oh... Goodbye, then.
Kosugi: How can you refuse two spunky girls like us? You're not premium at all!
====================act_u_家へ帰る.bin====================
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then... I should start calling my contacts.
*Today, I would focus on building up my connections.*
Yamato: With these things, it's the daily effort that really counts.
Yamato: Ugh... Things would be so much easier if everyone started loving me overnight.
*But life didn't work like that.*
*I continued to exchange information with those acquaintances until late into the night.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. Today, I'll study...
*I took out playing cards and mahjong tiles.*
Yamato: While also working on keeping my fingers nimble.
Yamato: Still, these moves are never going to be good enough to work against a professional.
Yamato: Or maybe my dad's just crazy for even trying to, let alone succeeding.
Yamato: I should call some people over sometime to play mahjong.
Yamato: If Ikeda comes, he'll be an easy mark.
*I practiced the movements over and over again.*
Yamato: I'm sure all this practice won't be for nothing.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then... I should spend today focusing entirely on studying.
Yamato: It takes a lot of hard work to get good grades.
Yamato: Whenever somebody starts whining about how high my grades are, I want to slap them.
Yamato: Like, what did they think I was doing while they were off fooling around?
Yamato: Well, I never actually do that. Instead, I smile and say...
Yamato: 'I frantically study whenever I can find the time. If my grades weren't good, I'd probably break down and cry.'
*No need to be extreme.*
Yamato: Yep, yep. Always study, and always be prepared.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hmm, today I think I'll focus on general knowledge.
Yamato: I just need to know a lot. No need to go in-depth.
Yamato: The goal here is to help foster my relationships.
*Those relationships could be an extremely powerful force in their own right.*
*My dad had taught me that. He considered relationships to be everything.*
*Even the number of opportunities I stumbled upon was proportional to the number of connections I had.*
Yamato: I'll use them, and they'll use me. It's give and take.
Yamato: But I can't let them become a crutch for whenever I'm in trouble, either.
*It made for a good, hardworking lifestyle, if I do say so myself.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. I should respond to all the texts I've gotten.
Yamato: Then I'll study.
Yamato: Oh, and I have to do sit-ups.
*I didn't have Capt's natural handsomeness.*
*I had to put in a lot of effort to maintain my looks.*
Yamato: I can't let myself get fat, no matter what. But I can't train so much I become macho, either!
*I couldn't slack on the behind-the-scenes work.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. Today's the day, Naoe Yamato...
Yamato: ...to read a book.
*I wanted to read, even to the point where every bookstore owner in town knew my name.*
Yamato: And I have to make use of what I read, too.
Yamato: Actually, screw that.
*This, I decided, could just be for fun.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Maybe I'll play shogi with Miyako today.
*That was also a good mental workout.*
*I spent the time until the game texting with my acquaintances.*
Yamato: I'll work harder than anyone.
*I had to say, I talked to myself an awful lot.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, how are you doing?
*I stared at the hermit crabs.*
*HP restored! MP restored! Happiness restored!*
Yamato: Hermit crabs really are the best. They're so cute...
*This was truly the greatest bliss the world had to offer.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba, today's snack is popcorn.
Yamato: Heheh... They're really enjoying it.
Yamato: This'll fire me up for studying.
Yamato: That's my patented hermit crab studying technique. It's guaranteed to raise your grades! (Individual results may vary.)
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. Let's study, study, and study some more.
Yamato: And during breaks, I'll put in some phone calls.
Yamato: That way, I can always keep myself busy.
Yamato: I have to do my best.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: *yawn* ...I'm sleepy.
Yamato: But a little drowsiness won't stop me from doing my best.
Yamato: Watch over me, Hermy and Crabba.
Yamato: Lucy, I'm home! ...Heheh. I love making dated references when no one can hear.
Yamato: Now then. I'm feeling pretty horny today.
Yamato: I think I'll jack off.
Yamato: I don't want you to see this, Hermy and Crabba.
*I covered their tank with a piece of cloth.*
Yamato: Okay. Which magazine or DVD should I use today?
*Mission: Impossibly Big Boobs! -Seize the Means of Producing Milk-*
Yamato: I choose you!
Yamato: Heheh. What a mission.
*I locked the door and started doing it.*
Yamato: Ahh!
Yamato: Whew... Miyako has a good nose, so I should air out the room.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. Today, maybe I'll try out this egg-shaped masturbation aid.
Yamato: I got it from Yonpachi, but...
Yamato: Does it really work? First, I'll put some lotion on it.
Yamato: And I'll put it in... Wh-Whoa?!
Yamato: It's like, it's so soft and elastic that... I get it now. This feels nice!
Yamato: Ahh!
Yamato: Whew... Okay, I should get rid of this. Otherwise, Miyako's nose will lead her straight to it.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now then. Today, I'll focus on working out.
Yamato: It'll be good for when I get old, since I hear the hardness and durability of my erection is proportional to my strength.
Yamato: So I have to work hard!
*I started training.*
*STR increased by one point!*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Today seems like a good day to recharge my batteries.
Yamato: I'll read some popular manga and take it easy.
*HP restored!*
Yamato: What is this, an RPG?
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Now... what is Naoe Yamato-kun doing today...
Yamato: Go flirt with Gen-san?
Yamato: He's such a tsundere.
Yamato: I can't help but tease him.
Yamato: ...Hermy, what's wrong? Are you jealous?
Yamato: You two are the only ones for me.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba... Are you doing well?
Yamato: ...You're so cute.
Yamato: Crap, watching the hermit crabs is giving me a hard-on.
Yamato: Damn, you know how to drive a guy crazy.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: ...Ohh. Hermy Crabba...
Yamato: I'm getting a hard-on again...
Yamato: I'll jack off...
*Fap x100.*
Yamato: Ahhh!
Yamato: Shit, that felt amazing.
Yamato: I can't believe it feels this good to jack off after gazing at the hermit crabs.
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hermy, Crabba! Aren't you two cute today?!
Yamato: Heheh, I'm getting a hard-on again.
Yamato: My nipples are getting hot too...
Yamato: When I do it while you're watching, I...
Yamato: Ah, hah! Ahhh!
Yamato: Damn, it feels so good! Ahhhhhh!
Yamato: I'm cumming! I'm cumming while the hermit crabs watch!
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*I didn't cum on the hermit crabs, of course.*
*Nor did I touch the hermit crabs. I simply gaze at them as I jacked off.*
Yamato: Maybe... I'm abnormal.
Yamato: Everyone has their own kind of personal nature.
Yamato: For instance, it's in Nee-san's nature to fight.
Yamato: And it's in Kuma-chan's nature to love food.
Yamato: As for me... Heh
Yamato: I love hermit crabs, like truly LOVE them.
*I was truly steeped in sin.*
Yamato: I'm home.
*The hermit crabs were doing well.*
Yamato: I can't relax without you two, Hermy and Crabba.
*I spent the entire day staring at them.*
Yamato: I'm home.
Yamato: Hermy! Crabba!
Yamato: I missed you two! What? You say we just saw each other this morning?
Yamato: That's not enough! I want to always be with you!
Yamato: Hermy! Crabba! Hermy Crabba! Wwwwwaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! Aaaahhh... Ahh... Ahhh! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Hermy, you're so cute!! Aaaah... Ahh... Ahhhhh!! HaaAAhh! We'll be together forever, Hermy! Aaahhhh!
Yamato: You're cute too, Crabba! Super cute! Aaahh! I'm so happy we're together... Ahhhhhh! Naahhhhhh! Gwahhhhhh!
*My two little crabs were so cute. I even jizzed.*
Yamato: The hermit crabs and I... we are inseparable now.
Yamato: I'll become the world's leading hermit crab expert.
*Yamato then went on to earn a doctorate degree, writing his thesis on hermit crabs.*
*He remained single for the rest of his days...*
*...as the Hermit Crab Professor.*
*Summer, 2009.*
*We had our usual Friday Meeting today.*
*Just as we did at every other time of year.*
*We'd laugh and find fun in the smallest things.*
*Find hope in the vaguest dreams.*
*How long could we stay together like this?*
*I didn't know.*
*Heck, would I ever start going out with anyone?*
*Unless something major happened, I'd probably wind up with Miyako.*
*But that was fine.*
*After all, she'd loved me all this time.*
*...It was almost as if everything had gone according to her plan. That was a scary thought.*
*Regardless, that was all in the distant future.*
Momoyo: C'mon, let's party!
Shouichi: Yeah, it's time to play!
*These crazy days wouldn't be ending anytime soon.*
====================replayseen.bin====================: --The Shimazu Dorm.
Momoyo: Hey there.
Yamato: Come on in.
Momoyo: Wow... It's actually completely empty.
Yamato: After all, Mayucchi's the only one we left behind to hold the fort, and she's off training at the Kawakami Temple.
Yamato: The rest of the gang's on the school trip, while Cookie's guarding the secret base.
Momoyo: ...Okay, all right.
Yamato: There won't be anyone here tomorrow or the next day, either.
*Yes, I had slipped away from the school trip and taken the first train back to Kawakami.*
*It was easy enough, when we had only gone to Saitama.*
Momoyo: Then we can live the sweet life. Mnn.
*Nee-san hugged me tight.*
Momoyo: At school or at the base, there's always interruptions.
Yamato: Yeah. So right now, here at the dorm is perfect.
Momoyo: I have a friend covering for me, saying I'm sleeping over at her house.
Yamato: ...Nice. *kiss*
Momoyo: Right? *kiss* mn... *lick*
*We kissed passionately in the hallway.*
*I caressed her body, and her hands were no less bold.*
Yamato: Nee-san... *kiss, lick*
Momoyo: Yamato... Mm... *kiss, lick, slurp*
*We kissed our way to my room.*
Yamato: Hmm, hold on a bit, Nee-san.
*In the blink of an eye, I had the futon laid out.*
Momoyo: Wow. So you're that kind, the type that powers up when sex is in the cards.
Yamato: Come here, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Okay.
Yamato: And you're going right along with me. That's so cute, mnn.
Momoyo: Right? So treat me like I deserve... *kiss*
Yamato: ...Nee-san...
Momoyo: ...Yamato...
*As we kissed, we wound up like this.*
Momoyo: Ahh... Well this is turning into something incredible, lil' bro.
Momoyo: I'm usually the one putting you on your back.
Yamato: Yeah...
Momoyo: So, what do you wanna do to your big sister?
Yamato: I want to keep going. To go... all the way.
*I said, rubbing her legs.*
Momoyo: ...Heheh... Sure.
Momoyo: And I can't wait to see how good you are, you little cutie.
Momoyo: If you need any pointers, just ask your big sister.
Yamato: Yeah...
*I slid my hands up and down her graceful, muscle-bound limbs.*
Yamato: Nee-san... You're so beautiful.
Momoyo: Yeah... And it's all yours. Awesome, right?
Yamato: Yeah, it's too much. I think I have to kiss you soon.
Momoyo: *kiss*
Yamato: I mean, I'm about to make the cutest big sister in the world cum.
Yamato: I can't think of a better sight than that.
*I said as I poked at her huge boobs.*
Momoyo: You're going to make *me* cum?
Yamato: Yep.
Momoyo: Hmm? So the cute lil' bro I see before my eyes thinks he can make me cum?
Yamato: O-Of course I can.
Momoyo: There's no reason we can't both enjoy this, Yamato.
Momoyo: No need to put all the pressure on yourself.
Yamato: Mn, I'll be fine. With you, this feels more like fooling around and just having fun.
Momoyo: Haha, yeah, you're not wrong.
Momoyo: ...Still. You, making me cum? Heheheh.
Yamato: Wh-Why are you laughing?
*I stroked her belly button and thighs over her jeans.*
Momoyo: I just can't see it.
Momoyo: Though I can definitely see me and my hands making you squeal.
Yamato: Nope, I'm going to make you cry out!
Momoyo: Your bluffs... they can be so cute.
Yamato: ...Enough! I'm taking your clothes off.
Momoyo: Eeek! I'm the most beautiful girl in the world, and I'm being stripped.
Yamato: ...Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: ...Heheh. Look at you gasping.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're freaking beautiful, and sexy, and... Damn.
Momoyo: Right?
Momoyo: And your eyes, it's like they're bloodshot. Wow.
Yamato: I mean, how else am I supposed to react?
Yamato: And really, that black underwear? It looks incredibly sexy on you.
Momoyo: Heheh. I knew you'd like it.
Yamato: Yeah, I love that color.
Momoyo: You're not taking my pants off?
Yamato: Let's keep them on for now. I want to savor this.
Momoyo: ...You're such a pervert.
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll make sure to satisfy you that much more.
*I said as I laid kisses laong her white skin.*
Momoyo: Mnn... Heheh.
*She patted my head and watched as my lips moved up and down her arms and stomach.*
*When I reached her fingers, I made sure to lick each and every one.*
Momoyo: You're so cute, Yamato... I'm getting excited.
Yamato: Nee-san... I love you... I love you so much.
*I pressed my lips and tongue so hard against her tender skin that it might even have left a hickey.*
Yamato: Your beauty even extends to your belly button, Nee-san.
Momoyo: I've heard a lot of girls say that. Okay...
Yamato: And the back of your neck too. Mn... *kiss*...
*I kept crawling my tongue along her sweet, feminine curves.*
Momoyo: Mmm... That tickles...
Yamato: How about your ears? *kiss*
Momoyo: ...Mm... Heh.
Yamato: And your collarbone. *lick*
Momoyo: That's pretty niche... Mnn.
*And then I touched, through the fabric of her jeans, her secret garden.*
Yamato: (I'm the only one person who can touch her here.)
Momoyo: ...You look so perverted.
Yamato: With how amazing this sight is, what do you expect?
Yamato: I'll take this off too...
*I reached for her bra.*
Momoyo: Heheheh. Do you even know how?
Yamato: You tell me. It's already off, isn't it?
Momoyo: Th-That was fast...
Yamato: ...So these are your boobs.
Momoyo: Heheh. Today's finally the day a man gets to see them.
Momoyo: You can do to them whatever you want.
Yamato: You don't have to tell me that... But first.
*I took off her belt.*
Yamato: Let me see down there too... I'm taking it off.
*I pulled them down her legs.*
Momoyo: ...Why are you going so slowly?
Yamato: So I can savor every moment.
Momoyo: You really are perverted...
*And now the only thing covering her was a single pair of black panties.*
Yamato: All right, I'm going to start feeling up your boobs.
Yamato: Just know that, even if it's too much pleasure for you to handle, I won't stop.
Momoyo: Heheh. Let's see it.
Momoyo: I mean, you won't, but go ahead and try.
Yamato: Yep, I will.
*I'd spent years wondering how those giant knockers must feel, and now I was about to find out.*
Momoyo: Mn... How is it, Yamato?
Yamato: Ninety centimeters... Whoa.
*I began to grope that soft flesh.*
Momoyo: And the first person to feel me up is Naoe Yamato!
Yamato: That's not the only first time you'll experience tonight.
Momoyo: Heheh... Mmm... You're not holding back, are you?
Yamato: Does it hurt?
Momoyo: Nah, I'm fine... I just didn't think you'd be this aggressive -- Mmm...
*She shivered, and her boobs jiggled.*
Yamato: Nee-san... I could get addicted to this. (I felt her up more and more and more.)
Yamato: Right now, keeping these pants on is torture.
*I started them down with one hand.*
Momoyo: Mmm... Don't rush... My boobs aren't going anywhere.
Yamato: Sure, but look...
*I pulled my briefs down too.*
*And so my swollen rod flashed into full view.*
Momoyo: Whoa...?!
Yamato: Nee-san, this is how turned on you've made me.
Momoyo: I-Isn't that... pretty big?
Yamato: Wow, is it? I'm glad.
Momoyo: I don't have much to compare against, but... It's impressive just to l-look at.
Yamato: And just touching you made me this excited...
Momoyo: Yamato?
Yamato: Nee-san, I want you to feel good too!
Momoyo: Wah!
*I grabbed her boobs with both hands.*
Momoyo: Mm, you're r-really at it now.
*Her texture was so soft and slightly sticky against my hands.*
Momoyo: Those... hands of yours, they're so nasty...
*I caressed those sweet mounds of flesh with both hands.*
Momoyo: Don't even have the focus to talk anymore, mn, Yamato?
*I took my time, throughly enjoying their youthful firmness.*
Momoyo: Heh... Heh, my oh my... You're taking this so seriously that you can't even spare the energy to sweet-talk me?
*Her breasts glistened with sweat, and I didn't want to let go of them for an instant.*
Yamato: Nee-san... It's starting to feel good, right?
Momoyo: ...Hmm?
Yamato: Your voice is starting to sound sweet.
*I kneaded her breasts, then took a firm grip of the whole thing.*
*I did all sorts of things, tried all degrees of strength, seeking whatever gave her the most pleasure.*
Momoyo: Yeah... Heh, you're not wrong... I'm getting a nice, numb feeling...
Momoyo: But this? This isn't me being turned on. Mmn, not yet.
Momoyo: That said... mmm, you really are doing whatever you like, Yamato.
Yamato: It was always my dream, you know, doing this to your giant boobs.
Momoyo: R-Really? You really are a nasty--mmn--boy.
Yamato: (Nevertheless, Nee-san's still so composed.)
Yamato: (Now then... I've been focusing on her breasts. I didn't even touch her nipples...)
Yamato: What about over here?
*I tickled my finger against her pink protrusion.*
Momoyo: Fwah!
Momoyo: Uh.
Yamato: Huh?
Yamato: Was that an amazingly cute cry I heard just now?
Momoyo: W-Was it? It must've just been--Ah!
Yamato: ...So you like it when I touch your nipples.
Momoyo: Wh-What's with that weird grin?
Yamato: I mean, I'm just so glad I've finally figured out what turns you on.
Yamato: And I won't leave it alone, Nee-san.
*I pinched her nipple, then rolled the base of my finger over it.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mm... Mmm...
*And from how her nipple responded, I could tell she loved it.*
Momoyo: Huff, mm... Mm, mnah...! Ah!
Yamato: Nee-san, your nipple's incredibly hard now.
Momoyo: ...Kh, huff, huff... Huff...
Yamato: It must feel good. That look of yours right now is really cute.
Momoyo: Mmngh... Stop staring so much...
Yamato: Nope, I'm not looking away. *stare*
Momoyo: Kweh... Mn... Mmm, stop focusing so much... mmm...
Momoyo: On my nipples... Ah... Kh...
*I continued to brush my nails against her nipples, to lightly push on them.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah... Are nipples your favorite thing in the world or something, man? Mnn.
Yamato: I like them, but I'm only focusing so much because it looks like this is making you feel incredible.
Yamato: See? Even I can turn you on. I'm so happy.
Momoyo: S-Sure... Mnn, it does feel good...
Momoyo: But I don't know if I'd say I'm turned on -- ah!
Yamato: Your bluffs are so cute, Nee-san.
Yamato: Then I'll keep playing with them, like this.
Momoyo: Ahhh?!
*I focused my ministrations even more heavily on her nipples.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato?!
*I yanked them, rubbed them.*
Momoyo: Ah, th-that's so strong... Mn, mm.
Momoyo: I-I can't... Ah, stop pulling!
Yamato: I know this is turning you on, Nee-san. Your nipples are rock hard...
Momoyo: Mm, mm... Mm... Mmm.
Yamato: It's a little brother's duty to make his big sister feel good.
Momoyo: Ah... Heh, ah, ah... Ah...
Yamato: You're turned on, aren't you?
*I pressed down on her needle-sharp nipple as if it were a button.*
Momoyo: Awah!
Yamato: How is it?
Momoyo: Kh... Y-Yeah... I'm t-turned on.
Momoyo: Huff, ah, when you touch me... My chest feels so hot...
Momoyo: Mn, kh, I never knew... nipples could feel this good.
Yamato: Thank you for your honesty. I'll reward you with a kiss.
Momoyo: Mnn... *kiss, kiss, lick*
Momoyo: ...Ah, Yamato. Don't stop. Kiss me more.
Yamato: Okay. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mm... *kiss, kiss, kiss*...
Yamato: Pwah. Nee-san, stick out your tongue.
Momoyo: Like this...?
Yamato: Mn... *lick*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Mnn... Mmm...
*Our tongues wound around each other, and I let saliva pour into her mouth.*
Yamato: Pwah. Then I'm going to fondle your breasts more now, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: You're going to feel incredible.
*I then touched both of her nipples at once.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh!
Momoyo: Y-Yamato, that's too much -- st-stop! Ah!
*I toyed with them as much as I could.*
Momoyo: Fwah! Ahh! Hah! Mnah! ...Ah, ahh...
*I rubbed them with the base of my fingers, sometimes pinched and twisted them with the tips.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah... Ahhh, mnahhh!
*Her hips shot up like a bridge between her ankles and chest.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato, if you keep going, I'll...
Momoyo: Ah, ahhhhh...
Yamato: (Huh?)
*Her womanly cry echoed across the room.*
Momoyo: Fwah, huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Nee-san... You just came, didn't you?
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: O-Ooh...
Momoyo: Yamato, little bro, you made me cum...
Momoyo: And with just your fingers too... Damn.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're so cute.
*I gently kissed her.*
Yamato: If just my fingers made you feel this good...
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Yamato: What do you think my lips can do?
Momoyo: ...Ah, n-not right away, Yamato.
Yamato: Why not?
Momoyo: It's sensitive, so...
Yamato: So you want me to do it, don't you?
Momoyo: N-No, you idiot.
Momoyo: Kh, hah, g-get your hands off my nipples--ah!
Yamato: No need to be in such a rush. I'll suck on them.
Momoyo: No, don't--
Yamato: *slurp*... *slurrrrrrp*
Momoyo: Ah! Fwaahhh!
Momoyo: Mn, mnahh, Y-Yamato, I can't... mn!
Yamato: I want to hear you moan, more and more.
Momoyo: Ahhhh! D-Dammit, you'll regret this -- ah!
Yamato: Seriously? You're going to take vengeance?
Yamato: Then I'd better to whatever I want now while I still can.
*Once I'd licked my tongue all along her areola, I fully fondled the other breast.*
Momoyo: Mnn, ah, ahhh, st-- ah!
Yamato: I'm going to make you cum from your boobs a second time, Nee-san.
*I noisily sucked on her nipple.*
Momoyo: No, don't suck! Ahhhh, ah, kh!
Yamato: Cum again while your little bro sucks on your teats, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Khhh, ah, ahh, ah, ah!
Yamato: Amph...
Momoyo: Kh, ouch...
*I'd tried bearing my teeth and biting down hard.*
Momoyo: Huff, huff, Yamato, that's not how you treat a beautiful gir--Ah!
*I gently licked where I'd bit her.*
Momoyo: Ooh, ah, ah... I'm feeling numb...
*I sweetly licked her, soothing her wounds, coupled with the rare bite.*
Momoyo: Haaahhh!
*Bites I always followed with thorough licks.*
Momoyo: Kh, ah, man, are you a baby, the way you're sucking on me?
Yamato: C'mon, give me milk!
Momoyo: Like hell I can, you idiot! Kh, hah, ahhh...
Momoyo: Mm, ahhh! Huff, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: It feels good, right?
Momoyo: Fwah... Mnkh, ah, ahhh...
Momoyo: Kh... I-It feels so good...
Momoyo: Ah, my boobs feel so good, Yamato...
Momoyo: How can anything feel this amazing? Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: I hear being touched by the person you love makes it feel even better.
Yamato: Which means you must really love me, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yes, I love you, Yamato, I love you...
Yamato: I love you too, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yamato!
Yamato: I love you, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Ahhh, ah, ah, ah, ah... Yamato, Yamato!
*I nibbled on her nipple as I pulled it back.*
Momoyo: Fwwwaaaaahhhhhhhh!
*Shudders ran through her body.*
Momoyo: Ah... Ah... Ah... Huff... Huff...
*The breast I'd sucked on heaved with her every gasp of breath.*
*As I gazed at that sight, I reached down and removed the final piece of her clothing.*
*Slid the black underwear down her thighs.*
*Then I opened wide her legs.*
Yamato: Holy... You're so wet.
*Her slit was largely free of pubic hair.*
Yamato: I'd always assumed you'd have a bush.
Momoyo: Argh, sh-shut up...
*The climax had left Nee-san sluggish, giving me the opportunity to gaze at her slit.*
Yamato: So this is yours... It's so pretty.
*Unable to resist, I pressed my face into her crotch.*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Hm? Ah?!
*Then I sucked on her virgin slit.*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Mnkh, ah, you're licking me.
*And as I slurped up the white liquid dripping from her pussy, I continued to caress her.*
Yamato: Hah... Huff, Nee-san, I have a request.
Momoyo: ...Mn, huff... Huff, wh-what?
*I whipped out my dick, fully hard and dripping with precum, and brought it to her lips.*
Yamato: This time, I want you to lick mine.
Momoyo: You what...?
Yamato: You heard me. Please, Nee-san.
Momoyo: S...
Yamato: Sure?
Momoyo: Shut the hell up!
Yamato: Whoa, you've recovered?!
Momoyo: Why the heck would I have to do that to you?!
Momoyo: Sure I like you, but I'm a warrior. I've got my pride!
Momoyo: Yamato, I'm going to be on top, got it? You can stay on bottom.
*There was no resisting her might. She pushed me on my back, face-up.*
Yamato: N-Nee-san?
*Asking her to blow me must've crossed some line.*
Momoyo: You're just gonna lie there and moan, got it?
*With that, she gripped my pole.*
Momoyo: In the heat of the moment, did you really think you'd get away with calling me by my name?
Momoyo: Guess what? You're going to regret that.
*Then she brought my pole up to her gushing entrance.*
Momoyo: Here we go... I'm taking your V-card.
*Slowly but surely, she lowered her hips.*
Momoyo: Mn, your hot thing is so... Mn, kh.
*She slowly but surely continued down, offering me her virginity.*
**rip*... *tear*...*
Momoyo: Gh... Ugh, ah!
Yamato: Ooh, ah, Nee-san... Are you good?
Momoyo: O-Of course I am... Th-This is nothing.
Momoyo: But it's a damn good thing flash healing doesn't apply to my hymen.
*I'd taken Nee-san's virginity.*
*The realization made my cock even harder.*
Momoyo: Mn, kh... Ah, huff, huff, it's all in there.
Yamato: Ah... N-Nee-san, your pussy... it feels so... incredible.
Momoyo: Kh... Yamato... Yours is so hard, it's like a fire inside me.
Yamato: Kh, it feels like your vagina's alive, ah, it's so good.
Momoyo: Mnfh. Wh-What's wrong, Yamato? Why are you looking so cute?
Yamato: I'm not moving, but your insides are still so... Ah, ah...
Momoyo: Haha. Listen to you squeal like a girl, Yamato.
Momoyo: Heh... The pain's dulled off for me.
Yamato: W-Wait, Nee-san. If I keep fucking you raw, I'm going to cum inside you.
Momoyo: ...Sure, go ahead. Cum inside me whenever you want.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: Mn... C'mon, I'm moving. Kh... Mn.
*She moved her hips ever so slightly.*
Yamato: Wow... Your insides are... Mnaaah!
Momoyo: Mn, I can feel your thing shivering inside me.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, you don't have to move one bit... I'll just, mnah, keep moving...
Yamato: Kh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: ...I'm the one messing with you, remember? Heheheh.
*She smiled like a bully with her prey as she entered a smoother rhythm with her hips.*
Yamato: Kh... Amazing.
Momoyo: Mn... Well? How is it? ...Mn... You sure had your fun with my breasts, lil' bro. Mnph.
*She continued to assault me, splashing sounds echoing from down below.*
Momoyo: It's pulsing so hard... You're about to cum, aren't you?
Yamato: ...Mm, mm... It's too good, I can't...
Momoyo: Ah, mm, mmm... Go ahead, cum whenever you'd like.
Yamato: Mm, but I can't, not yet. Not before I please you.
Momoyo: Mm... You still think you're in charge here?!
*Nee-san lifted up her sweaty butt.*
Momoyo: Mnkh! Ah, kh... H-How about this? Mnph!
*She sped faster and faster, stimulating me.*
Yamato: Ah, ah! It's like you're eating me alive!
Momoyo: Heh, heheh. Mn, that's because I am, Yamato...
*I looked at her anew.*
*My manly cock was stabbing into her beautiful, sweat-glistening body.*
*It was the hottest sight I'd ever seen.*
Momoyo: Mnkh, your big sister's gobbling up your virginity... Mnn, mmm.
Momoyo: Dude, tell me you like this.
Yamato: I-I do... Nee-san... Ah, ahhh!
Momoyo: Heheh, mn, that's so adorably honest. Hah, hah!
Yamato: Ah, ahh, ahhh!
*Her membranes squeezed tight around me.*
Momoyo: Hahaha. Th-This is how it's supposed to go!
*The pleasure was incredible, like she was sucking me dry.*
Momoyo: Heh, mnn, it's way too early for you to attack me!
*Every time she moved her hips, her walls rubbed tight against my precum-coated penis.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mnkh, mm... H-How's that, Yamato?
Yamato: It's good... Ah, I can't take much more... It's too much.
Momoyo: G-Go ahead. Show me your O-face.
Yamato: Kh, ah, ahhhh...
Momoyo: Mn, mm, what're you holding back for, you dumbo?
*She reached down and pinched my left nipple.*
Yamato: Ahh... That feels so good!
Momoyo: Hmph, mn, well then. Looks like your nipples got hard too...
*As she talked dirty to me, her hot pussy wrapped tighter around my penis.*
Yamato: I-I really can't take any more, Nee-san!
Momoyo: You gotta tell me when you cum, Yamato!
Yamato: Th-There's no way I can--Ah!
Momoyo: Say it! That's an order from your big sister! Kh, mmn!
Yamato: --! Ah, ahh, I'm cumming!
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnn! It's so hot...
*I blew one hell of a load inside her pussy.*
Momoyo: Mn, mm... Kh, ooh, there's... so much...
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Momoyo: Huff...! Yamato, your spunk's filling me up...
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: --Heheh, that was so cute, lil' bro! Mn, *kiss*
Yamato: Nnm...
*She laid an ardent kiss on my lips.*
Momoyo: *kiss* Pwah, you actually said it... You're so cute
Yamato: Kh...
Momoyo: Want to know something even more surprising, Yamato?
Yamato: Eh?
Momoyo: Heh, heheheh. As a beautiful girl, this is kind of awkward, but...
Momoyo: I'm not still satisfied.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: I'm going to keep going, so you'd better keep up, lil' bro.
Yamato: Nee... san?
Momoyo: I love you, so we're going make love until I say so.
Yamato: Ah, ahhh!
*And so she wrung me dry until morning.*
Yamato: Maybe that's how it would end for most guys, but...
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: Eigh! (I thrust deep into her.)
Momoyo: Fwah! You idiot! Don't surprise me like that!
Yamato: After that first round, my engine's in gear, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Y-Yamato?
Yamato: Truth is, I'm not satisfied either. See?!
Momoyo: Ah! Your thing is moving inside me... Ah!
Momoyo: You just came, but... You're still so big... and so hard... and you're moving inside me... Mnn.
Yamato: Yeah! This time, I'm moving too! Mmph!
*I thrust up into her, practically as payback for before.*
Momoyo: Mnah! D-Don't surprise me like that, ah, mnah, ah, huff... Kh, ah!
*This was the pleasure of making love.*
Momoyo: Yamato, you're so rough! ...Kh, mn, ah, mnfh!
Yamato: Now it's your turn to feel good!
Momoyo: Mnf, mnn! Dammit, I told you, I'm running this show!
*Nee-san's pussy clenched down on me.*
Momoyo: Right now, I'm the one making you feel good... Ahh?!
*I took a firm hold of her hips and began grinding into her.*
Momoyo: Kh, akh, you're so deep inside me, mnah, ah, mnfh, ahh, mnn!
Momoyo: D-Dammit, Yamato... Mn, huff, ahhhn!
Yamato: You looks so cute when you're turned on.
Momoyo: D-Dammit, mnph, I'm still fighting back! Teigh, teigh!
*Nee-san wriggled her hips.*
Yamato: Ooh.
Momoyo: Mn, mn... Mn, you cheeky bastard, turning me on this hard. Mnph, you little...
*She bounced her beautiful ass on my hips, pounding into me.*
*Nasty, moist sounds echoing around us.*
Yamato: Mnah, it feels too good! But I won't lose!
*Stubbornly, I moved my hips.*
Momoyo: Kweh... Ah, your hot thing is hitting me so deep...
Yamato: And your pussy's so tight, I can't take the pleasure...
Yamato: My hips just keep moving, see?!
*Thrust! Slap!*
Momoyo: Ahh...! You're churning inside me! Fweh, huff, ah... Ahhh!
*Her insides grew even tighter.*
*I thrust up, like I was a ram busting through a door.*
Momoyo: Ahh, khhn, you're slamming into me... Fwahh, I feel numb, ahh, ahhn, ah!
Yamato: And I feel so good fucking you so deep!
*The rhythm of our gasps and hips began to align.*
Momoyo: Y-Yamato... Mnah, when did you get so good... Ah, kh, this is amazing, ah, ahh!
Yamato: My mind's blank. I'm just moving my hips!
*Again and again I slammed into her.*
Momoyo: Mn... Huff, ah... It's my first time, mn, ah, and it still feels so good!
**squish* *slam**
Yamato: It sounds so nasty, Nee-san.
Momoyo: That's because you're thrusting so hard, mn, ah... Kh, you think you're so hot... Mn, ah!
*Nee-san moved her hips even more.*
*And with every movement, her giant boobs heaved. I couldn't look away.*
Yamato: Ahh... Nee-san...
Momoyo: Mn, mm, mmm... Ah... Yamato... Yamato!
Yamato: Nee-san. L-Let's cum together. I'm about to...
Momoyo: A-All right... Guess that's how it's gonna be. Mn, ahh!
Yamato: So even now, you're still bluffing...
Momoyo: N-No I'm not -- Ah, ahhhhh!
*I started thrusting so hard, like I was trying to shave away the walls of her pussy.*
Momoyo: Ahh, fwah! Ahhhh! Ah, ah, you're so rough! Ahh, mnn, mm, mm, Yamato!
*Her vagina contracted around me.*
Yamato: Mnahhh! I'm cumming, Nee-san! Nee-san!
*I grabbed her hips with both hands, yanked her close to me.*
Momoyo: Ah?! Ahhhh!
*At the same time, I thrust deep inside her.*
*Spurt! Spew! Spurrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Fwah! Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*With my dick pressed tight to her womb's entrance, I leashed a torrent of semen.*
Momoyo: Oh... Whoa... Y-You're at my deepest point... Gushing with cum...
Yamato: There's still more... Ah.
*Her vice-like grip wrung the sperm from my dick.*
*Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Momoyo: Kh... Ahh, it's pouring into me...
*Some even started to dribble from our crotches.*
*I wanted to let every last drop out deep inside her.*
*So I raised my hips and let the semen continue to flow.*
*Spew... Spurt...*
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff... Ahh...
*Her breathing was ragged as it shot into her.*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Nee-san, we came together.
Momoyo: ...Yeah... That was kinda nice.
Yamato: Not a chance.
Momoyo: But I'm supposed to be attacking you. How'd things wind up even?
Yamato: If anything, it's your turn to be on the defensive.
Momoyo: Huh?
Yamato: --I'm still not remotely satisfied.
*Inside her pussy, my penis hadn't wilted, but was instead at full mast.*
Momoyo: Y-You're still like that after cumming twice?
Yamato: With a girl as beautiful as you, I'm like the Energizy Bunny.
Momoyo: Y-You're even more of a pervert than I thought, lil' bro...
Yamato: --Here I go, Nee-san!
*I reached out and took a firm grip of her boobs. They glistened with sweat.*
Momoyo: Ahh?! Ah, ahhh, what are you--
*Then I rolled my fingers over her nipples.*
Momoyo: Ahhh?! Mn, fwah, a-and you're moving your hips -- Ah!
Yamato: I have to make your insides completely mine.
*I moved my penis, spreading the semen along her walls.*
Yamato: I'll make it so I'm the only person ever on your mind, and you won't ever be able to look at a girl the same way again.
Momoyo: Mn, fwaahhh, kh, don't do so much to my breasts! Mnn, ahah, mnah!
Yamato: How about I go harder instead? There, I've pinched your nipples.
Momoyo: Mnaahhh...! Y-You idiot...
*Her pussy squeezed down tight around my dick.*
Momoyo: Ahh, mnn... Kh, mmn...?! Fwah, wh-what's going on?! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Oh, I thought that might feel better. I'm pretty sure your G-spot is right below your belly button.
Momoyo: Ahh, ahhh, m-my G-spot?
Yamato: It's here, right? (I shoved into it.)
Momoyo: Ahhh! Fwah, ahhn... You're being too rough!
Yamato: I knew it, mn... Mm.
*I continued to scratch my tip against her sensitive membrane.*
Momoyo: Fwaah, I-I can't believe -- Ah, ah, mnahhh!
*And of course I didn't forget to play with her stiff nipples.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Your moans are so sexy.
Momoyo: Ahh, y-you're like a beast inside me! Mnah, Y-Yamato... Kh, ah, ahh!
*And I groped her breasts, squishing them like putty.*
Momoyo: Mnfaaahhh, kh, you're being way too naughty!
*Her pussy scrunched down on my cock.*
Yamato: I feel incredible. I already came twice, but...
Yamato: I'm still fucking away. (I shot my hips up again.)
Momoyo: Mnaahhh...! R-Right now, I can't even do anything to stop you! Ahhh...
Yamato: That's fine, Nee-san. Let yourself feel good. Just being inside you is all the pleasure I need.
Momoyo: Y-You're so rough! Kh, ah, fwaahhh...
*I pinched and pulled at her nipples, pressed down on them with the pad.*
Momoyo: Ahhh...! I-I can't take any more, Yamato...! Ah, ahh, ahhh!
Momoyo: L-Let's take a break! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Why?
Momoyo: Ahhh, b-because I'm just squatting here with you making me cum! Ahhh, I d-don't want to just--
Yamato: But that's wonderful!
*I thrust deep inside, reaching all the way to her womb.*
*A shiver ran through her limbs.*
Momoyo: Kh, ahh, huff, huff, huff... L-Little bro, you're making me...! Ah, mnah, aweh!
Yamato: But the way your pussy's clamping down is incredible.
Yamato: Isn't this what you've always wanted?
Momoyo: Sh-Shut the hell up. There's no way I--Ahh, ah, ahhh...
Yamato: Really? I sort of masturbate to you, but...
Yamato: You've never fucked yourself thinking of me?
Momoyo: N-Not like this!
Yamato: ...So you do masturbate to me.
Momoyo: Ahh?! Y-Yamato, damn you--Fwah!
Yamato: I'm so happy. I want you to feel real good!
*I twisted her nipple as I thrust into her.*
Momoyo: Hah! Ahh... I never took you for a bastard... Ah, mn, mmm...
Yamato: Rude. This is love, and love is life!
*As I groped her giant boobs, I slammed my hips into hers.*
Momoyo: Mnwah... Ah, ahh, ahhhh! Y-Yamato... I-If you keep going, I'll... Ahhh!
*Her hot walls clamped even harder around me.*
Momoyo: Mnn! Ahh, I-I'm going to cum! Ahh! Y-You too... Cum with me again... Fwah!
Yamato: Mmm, this time, just you cum. I'll watch.
Momoyo: Ah, ahhh, q-quit staring, you idiot! Stop! Fwaahhh!
*I shoved my hips and yanked with my hands, driving Nee-san to her peak.*
Yamato: *stare*
Momoyo: Mnaaaahhh! S-Stop! Ah, ahh, ahhh! You're staring at me as I--Fwaaahhh!
Yamato: Nee-san, you have to tell me when you cum too!
Momoyo: Ah, ahhhhhhhhh!
*Shudders shot through her body.*
Yamato: Ah, you didn't tell me!
Momoyo: Sh-Shut your mouth. Who do you think you are? Huff, huff, huff, huff... Huff...?!
Yamato: I think I'm your boyfriend. And I said it when you asked me to.
Momoyo: Ahhh, wait. Don't move yet! Ahhh!
*I took a firm grip of her alabaster-white breasts.*
Momoyo: Ahh, I just came -- I'm too sensitive -- Mnn! Kwah, wah, anmph, mmm... Ahhh...
Yamato: Does it feel good, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Ahhh... Kh, mmn, ahhh, it's incredible... This feels so good...
Momoyo: Your hands, your cock, they've completely turned me on! Kwah, ahh, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute when you admit how you're feeling.
Momoyo: Fwah, ah, mnahh, ah, mnkh, d-don't play with my tits so much! N-Not again... I'm going to cum again... Ahhh!
Yamato: Go ahead, Nee-san. Cum as often as you want.
Momoyo: Kwaahhh! L-Leave my tits alone! Mnaahh!
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: That's twice in a row you came without saying it. Don't forget this time!
Momoyo: Fwah, don't move your hips right now! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: I won't stop until you say it.
Momoyo: Fwah! Wh-Why do you have to keep going after my... mnah, ahhh, fwah, ah, ahhh!
*I prodded the entrance to her womb with my glans.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, f-fine... Ah, mnn, I'll say it!
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah!, y-you're making me cum... Your big dick's making me cum...
*As she spoke, her membranes began to contract.*
Yamato: Mnahh! M-Me too, I'm... I'm so close.
Momoyo: Y-Yeah... Cum. Shoot your load inside me... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mnn, you want it inside you, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Yes... Fwah, give it, I want your cum, give me your hot semen, shoot it all inside me!
Yamato: Mn, I'm cumming!
*I shoved my hips as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, I'm c-cumminnggggg!
*I pressed myself up to her womb's entrance and blew my load.*
*Spurrrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Momoyo: Kwaaahhh...! Mnaaahhhh...
*My hot semen splattered onto her womb.*
Momoyo: Mnaah, ah... Ah... There's still more... Huff.
*She quivered as my seed poured into her.*
Yamato: We're not done yet, Nee-san.
Momoyo: ...Huh?
Yamato: I need to make you my woman, so I won't stop until you start begging for more.
Yamato: After all, we're going to have so much sex while they're on the trip.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, huff, Y-Yamato... You son of a...
Yamato: How do you wanna do it next?
*--That evening, in the dorm hot springs.*
Momoyo: Hufff! Ahhh, mnaaahhh!
*We were still going at it.*
Yamato: You like it like this, don't you?
Yamato: Your moan was nice and cute.
*I kneaded her boobs as I continued to fuck her.*
Yamato: Your pussy's so hot, it feels so good.
Momoyo: Ah, ahhn... Mn, well it b-better. Mn, after you've fucked me so much...
Yamato: The pain's completely gone now, isn't it?
Momoyo: ...If anything, I want you to keep fucking me.
Momoyo: Geez, whose fault do you think this is? You've made this beautiful girl fall from grace, you naughty boy.
Yamato: You've always been like this. Don't blame it on me.
*I whispered as I moved my hips.*
Momoyo: Fwaaahhh! Ah, you're so deep inside me again!
Momoyo: Haah, ah, mnn... Kh, every thrust is like a shockwave... Ah, huff, huff... Mn, kh!
Yamato: I'll rub you here too... There!
Momoyo: Mnaahhh! Ahh?! Mn, ahhh, m-my ears, they tickle...
*I stimulated her ears and the nape of her neck.*
Yamato: So that's another place that turns you on. And if I lick along the outside of your ear...
Momoyo: Mn, mnff, ahhh, kh, yes, I'm so sensitive there...
Yamato: Right? You're so cute.
Momoyo: Mn, dammit, is 'cute' the only word you know?
Yamato: But it's the truth. You really are cute, Momoyo.
Momoyo: Yamato...
Momoyo: Y-You can't just change up what you call me like that. You'll give me a shock.
Yamato: Ahaha, I can tell you loved it. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mn, w-well yeah... It's weird, how much I love hearing you say my name.
Yamato: It proves you're a beautiful girl. You're so cute.
Momoyo: Do you really think so?
Yamato: Yea, I do.
Momoyo: I never thought the day would come when my little bro would butter me up.
Yamato: Nee-san...
Momoyo: It's weird, how making love to you for hours and hours is the happiest thing that's ever happened to me.
Momoyo: The clouds of bloodlust are floating away.
Momoyo: Not to say I don't want to fight -- I do... but... My heart just feels so clear.
Yamato: That's wonderful. Really.
*Being unable to fight had been a source of frustration.*
*Frustration she could dispel through sex with her lover.*
*It was as simple as could be, which suited her perfectly.*
*And if this would mollify her urge to fight...*
Yamato: (Then I'll happily swing my hips every single day!)
*I pounded up into her.*
Momoyo: Ahhh, you're fucking me again? Mnaahhh, the second I think you're gentle, you get so violent... Mnaaahhhh!
Yamato: I have to use the carrot and the stick, after all.
Momoyo: A-And yet I can hear your voice trembling.
Yamato: Oof... You noticed? Your pussy just feels so good.
*So good that I wanted more and more.*
*And I think she liked it rough, that she wanted more.*
Momoyo: Mnf....! Y-You're getting bigger inside me?! Mn, mmm, so you're looking to shoot your milk? Ah, mnah!
Yamato: Mn, th-this must be my tenth load.
Momoyo: Ah, ahh... How many times do you intend to do it? There's no space left in me for your cum.
Yamato: I'm just getting started. I have at least another ten loads in me.
*I fucked her harder, going into the final stretch.*
Momoyo: Fwaahh! Ah, ahhh! ...Incredible, ah, Yamato, you're incredible... I feel so good, ahhh!
Momoyo: Mn, mmm... Ah, I'm cumming... Yamato... Yamato... Yamato... Ah, ahhhhh, ahh!
Yamato: Nee-san, I'm cumming!
Momoyo: Yes, cum, cum for me Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Mnkh!
Momoyo: Ah, mnah... Fwah! Ahhhhh!
*Spew! Spurrrrrrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Ahhhh! I'm cumminnnnggg!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ahh! You came inside me...
Momoyo: That's going to -- mnph -- make me cum!
Yamato: Yeah... You're cumming and cumming, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Huff... Huff, huff... Huff... A-And whose fault is... Mnaah, it's so hot!
*I stayed inside her, relishing the sensation.*
Yamato: It's nice to do it in the bath. That way, I don't have to worry about the semen getting on stuff.
Momoyo: Huff, huff, I'm pretty sure that'd be true anywhere...
Yamato: From now on, let's bathe together as much as we can, Nee-san.
Yamato: And you can wash me yourself. With your boobs.
Momoyo: How much of a thing do you have for boobs, little bro?
Yamato: I am just like you. Well, boobs are pretty awesome too, to be fair.
Momoyo: ...It's not like I care... When I'm doing it for you.
Yamato: Really, that would make me so happy. Wash my body with your boobs...
*I pulled out of her.*
Yamato: And clean this with your mouth.
*I positioned my dick, dripping with semen and love juice, in front of her eyes.*
Momoyo: ...Ah.
Yamato: Suck it.
Momoyo: ...Okay... Ah... Mmm.
*She said, and buried her face in my crotch.*
Momoyo: ...*kiss* ...*kiss* ...*lick*
Yamato: Mnah, yes... Nee-san... Always clean me off like this after I cum, okay?
Momoyo: Mnf, mm... *kiss* ...*slurp*
*And so I trained Nee-san, at times gently, and at times harshly.*
*I'd begun dreaming about her.*
Momoyo: C'mon, Yamato. Come on over.
*Even in my dreams, we flirted.*
Momoyo: Mn, good boy. You're so cute, Yamato. *pat*
Yamato: You're cute too, Nee-san. (I stroked her hair.)
Momoyo: Hahaha, right? I am one beautiful girl.
Momoyo: Mmm
*She slid closer, smooth as water, and stole my lips.*
Yamato: Nn...
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn, heh... Mn, mn.
*Her thick muscles belied the softness of her lips.*
Momoyo: Hamph, mn... *kiss*... Mn... Heh...
*And I answered her kiss in kind.*
*Her kisses grew more passionate.*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Yamato, mm... *kiss, kiss*.. Mm.
Momoyo: Mnn, ahmph... Mnn... I love you... Hamph.
*This time, she playfully bit me with her lips.*
*And I darted my tongue against those firm lips.*
Momoyo: Mn... *lick*... *kiss*...
*She stuck out her tongue, and I wound mine around it.*
*I could hardly believe this was a dream--*
Yamato: --Huh?
Momoyo: *kiss, kiss, kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: I'm not dreaming?
Momoyo: Nope. Good morn--
Yamato: Mnn. (We kissed more deeply.)
Momoyo: ...*slurp*... Mn... *kiss* *peck*
*I suddenly shoved my tongue into her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mmn... Hah, mn... Ah... *slurp* heh... Mn, *kiss*
*But she soon wound her tongue around mine.*
Momoyo: Mn, pwah... Yamato... Huff...
Yamato: Yeah, no dream could feel this good.
Yamato: Good morning, Nee-san... Wait, you're here so early!
Momoyo: Heheheh. I'm certainly here all right.
Momoyo: I thought you'd appreciate it if I were here early, so here I am.
Yamato: I definitely appreciate this a lot, but more importantly...
*I brushed her hair out of the way and stuck my tongue in her ear.*
Momoyo: Mnkh!
Yamato: You missed me too, right?
Momoyo: W-Well... You see... Umm...
Yamato: I see what?
Momoyo: Fwah... Ahh... Yeah... Yamato.
*Nee-san shivered as my breath touched her ear.*
Yamato: You're so cute. I'm so happy. Thank you. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mnn... Mmm... Pwah, it's just...
Momoyo: When I can't see your face, I get so lonely I don't know what to do with myself.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*The ponytail made her even cuter.*
Yamato: But Nee-san, I don't think mouths are that clean when people wake up.
Momoyo: You're worried about that? It's your mouth. *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Nee-san, I'm thirsty.
Momoyo: Yeah... Hold on. *slurp*... *smack*... *smack*
*She held my hand as she got things ready inside her mouth.*
Momoyo: Now drink up. Nmm... *slurp*... Mn... Mm, *kiss*
*Her sweet saliva dribbled into my mouth.*
*And I gulped it down.*
Momoyo: *slurp* *lick*... Mn, heh... Mm... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mn... *slurp*...
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mnn... *kiss* Pwah, huff, huff... Yamato.
Yamato: That was delicious, Nee-san.
*I brought her hand, which still held mine, to my crotch.*
Momoyo: ...It's even manlier...
Yamato: Nee-san, make me feel even better.
Momoyo: Heheh, what do you want me to do?
Yamato: Hmm, let's see... How about...
*I grabbed her boobs, which proudly stood out in clear defiance of gravity.*
Momoyo: Mnaa!
Yamato: You use your nasty tits... (I felt them up.)
Momoyo: Ah, ahh... To do something nasty?
Momoyo: Mn, then... I'll strip down.
Yamato: I'll be the one to take off your clothes.
Momoyo: That part of you is so perverted.
Yamato: Yep, I'm a pervert. And you're the object of my lust.
Momoyo: Heheh, and maybe that's just what I want.
Yamato: You're so wonderful, Nee-san. *kiss*
Momoyo: Mm *kiss* mm... *smack*... Mn.
Yamato: And you should take off my clothes... *kiss*
Momoyo: Yeah, we'll strip each other
*It was so early, but we were already acting like stupid lovebirds.*
*......*
Momoyo: It's so hot... Your cock, it's so hard and manly.
*My rod was fucking the canyon that lay between her mounds.*
Yamato: ...It feels so good.
*Her boobs were so soft, yet the skin clung to me.*
Momoyo: Heheh? You already look like you can't get enough, lil' bro.
Yamato: Your boobs are just too hot.
Yamato: ...Just looking at them is shocking to the senses.
Momoyo: And I figure we're just getting started.
*Said Nee-san, and then she brought her hands to the sides of her breasts and pressed them down on my cock.*
Momoyo: How about that? Tell me it's not like a pressure party in my boobs.
Yamato: It is... It's better than anything.
Momoyo: No no no, it can still get so much better.
Yamato: L-Like how?
Momoyo: Let's go... *smack, lick, suck*... *lick*
Yamato: ...?!
*A hot, moist sensation assaulted my glans.*
Momoyo: I've got plenty of loving in store for your mushroom-like tip. Mn... *lick, slurp*... *lick*
*She attacked with her tongue and lips.*
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... *kiss* amph, mnn...
Momoyo: *kiss* Mmm... *slurp*... *kiss* mnn... Oh, heheh. Now I'm gonna move my breasts too.
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san, this feels so good...
Momoyo: Heheheh, and there's so much more coming. Mn, *kiss, slurp*
Momoyo: *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss* *smack*... *kiss* Heh, you look so cute when you're turned on.
Yamato: At this rate, everything's going to flash white really soon.
Momoyo: Heheh. Cum whenever you want... Mn, hamph, mn... *kiss*
Momoyo: Nmm, amph... Go ahead and cum in my mouth... *smack*... Amph... *lick, lick*
Momoyo: I let you drink my saliva, so you need to sate my thirst too... Mn... *kiss, slurp, slurp, lick* heh, mnn!
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Mn... *slurp* mmm, heheh, it's twitching.
Momoyo: Does it feel that good? *lick, smack*
Yamato: Yeah...
Momoyo: Right, then your big sister'll do her best. Hamph...
Momoyo: Nmm...! Mph... *smack, slurp* mn... *peck, smack* *smack*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Momoyo: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* *kiss*
Yamato: Kh, Nee... san!
Momoyo: *kiss*... Mn, amph... Mn... *kiss, slurp*
Momoyo: Yamato... Hamph! *slurp* *slurp* *kiss* *slurp* *peck*... Huff, amph... *slurp*
*Nee-san became even more aggressive.*
Momoyo: It's starting to taste bitter. *slurp* *peck*
*Her moist tongue coiled around my member as she sucked hard.*
Momoyo: Mmnn... *slurp* *peck* *slurp*
*The pleasure was painfully sharp.*
*My hips spasmed as she sucked up my precum.*
Momoyo: ...*Slurrrrp!* *peck* *kiss*
Yamato: Ooh... N-Nee-san... I'm cumming.
*I shoved my hips forward for the very end.*
Momoyo: *slurp*... *slurp* *suck*... *slurp*
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnnn?! Heh, mn, mm, mn!
*I blasted my load deep inside her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mn...! Mn, mn, mn!
*She seemed surprised by the sheer amount of it.*
*But nevertheless, she didn't take her lips off of my still-ejaculating rod.*
Momoyo: ...Mn... Mn. *gulp*... *gulp*
Yamato: Nee-san... You're drinking it.
Momoyo: *gulp** *gulp*... Mnn, mm... *gulp*
*I could hear the purr of her throat as she swallowed it all.*
Momoyo: Mnn, mn... *slurp*... *slurp*... Pwah...
Momoyo: Heh... That was like a tsunami...
Yamato: It felt absolutely incredible, Nee-san. However...
*Just one round was never enough to satisfy my cock.*
Momoyo: It's still so hard. Well isn't that manly?
Momoyo: It looks like it's up for round two. Look.
*Her twin mounds boinged.*
Yamato: Ugh... The saliva and everything else is making it so much slippier.
Momoyo: Yeah, it's moving much more smoothly now.
Yamato: I love you for doing this, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Yeah, and I love you too. From the bottom of my heart.
Momoyo: Mn... C'mon, get even more turned on... I wanna hear you moan.
*I couldn't get enough of the soft stimulation.*
Momoyo: Mnn... So I'm going to lick it again... *lick*
Momoyo: ...*peck*... *kiss*... *lick* Amph...
*After having just came, her lips on my glans felt like lightning.*
Yamato: Kh, ooh... Yes, keep doing that.
Momoyo: *smack, peck, slurp, slurp, lick*
Momoyo: *smack, peck, suck*... Heheh, and for the cherry on top...
*She began to rock her body up and down.*
Momoyo: Heheh. Mn... *slurp, lick, smack*
*Her breasts worked every inch of my dick.*
Yamato: Mngh... I'm just moaning and moaning... Mm.
Momoyo: But it's so cute. What's wrong with that? Mn, *kiss, lick, smack*... Mn, mmm... *slurp*
Yamato: ...I want you to make you feel good too.
*I reached out and pinched her hard nipples.*
Momoyo: Ah?!
*A shudder ran through her body.*
Momoyo: Mnkh... Forget about me. Right now, I'm making you feel g--
Yamato: Wow, your nipples are getting harder. Look?
Momoyo: Mnkh... Mmm... Don't claw at them, mnph.
Momoyo: Kh, ah, and don't yank them either--Ahnn!
Momoyo: Fwah... Kh, don't twist them so hard... Ahh.
Yamato: Nee-san, you're cute too.
Momoyo: Mm... You stupid little... *smack, lick, lick*
*She rocked her boobs, getting payback.*
*Pressure built up from left and right, and she sucked hard.*
Momoyo: ...Mn... *smack*... Mn, oof... *lick* mnn... *smack, smack, smack*...
Momoyo: Heh, looks like your hard cock's cumming again... Mn... *kiss, slurp, lick* mn, mmmm, heh.
Momoyo: Mn... *smack* Amph... *smack* Mn... *slurp*
Momoyo: Mn, ah, d-don't push down on my tits. Mnah... *kiss* Mn... *kiss* *smack*
Yamato: But Nee-san, you're so cute-- Mnn...
Momoyo: My chest feels so hot... Mnah... Huff... Mn... Hamph... *slurp* *lick* *slurp*
Momoyo: *slurp* Mn... *kiss*... *smack*...
Yamato: Ah, I know now, I've made up my mind.
Momoyo: *lick* Mn... *kiss* *kiss* Mnah, a-about what?
Yamato: I'm skipping school today so we can fuck all day.
Momoyo: Mn... Sure, I'm down for that... *slurp* Mn... *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *lick*
Yamato: Mnn, i-if that's the plan... Let me cum on your face.
Momoyo: *slurp* ...Pwah, on my f-face?
Momoyo: You've decided to blow your load on the face of the strongest person in the world? You nasty boy.
Yamato: E-Even if that's too much to ask, please don't stop the titty fucking.
Momoyo: Mmm... Fine. There... How's that?
*Her nipples, hardened after all the time I'd spent teasing them, scratched hard against my dick.*
Yamato: Ahh, kh...
*She relentlessly touched the backside of my glans and my shaft.*
*And then she resumed moving her body.*
Yamato: Ah, ah, Nee-san, I'm...
Momoyo: Yeah, you're gonna shoot your seed from your cock, aren't you?
Yamato: Yeah, it feels too good.
*My dick splashed through the cavern in her boobs.*
Momoyo: Go ahead, cover me with your spunk.
Yamato: Are you sure, Nee-san? You won't be upset?
Momoyo: Your cum, the cum of the man I love? Give it to me.
*She moved even more roughly.*
Yamato: Mn, mn, ah...
Momoyo: Cum, Yamato... Shoot your load on me.
Yamato: Mn, kh, I'm cumming, Nee-san, I'm cumming!
Momoyo: Hah, I'm making you cum with my tits!
Yamato: Kwah!
*Spurrrrrrrt!*
Momoyo: Fwaahh, this is amazing, Yamato! Ah, ahhhh...
*My semen splattered onto her face.*
Momoyo: Fwah, ah, mmn... Mm.
*And tons got on her hair, too.*
Momoyo: A-Are you done? Mnah!
*The last shot I had left arced onto her nose.*
Momoyo: I'm so sticky with your milk...
Momoyo: You've marked me.
*My cum had soiled her beautiful face.*
Momoyo: It's weird, but catching a whiff of your semen makes my mind go blank...
*When I thought of how I'd ejaculated all over my proud sister's face...*
Momoyo: Whoa... It got bigger again. Damn.
Yamato: Nee-san, do that one more time, please.
Momoyo: Mn, okay... But this time, we're going nice and slow.
*She moved her breasts slowly, seductively.*
Yamato: What do you think? Round three and I'm still going strong.
Momoyo: You don't gotta tell me how much of a pervert you are.
Yamato: I've got plenty of loving in store for you later.
Momoyo: Y-You cheeky lil' bro... There, how about this?
*She heavily shook her ample bosom.*
Yamato: Oof...
Momoyo: Whoa, looks like your milk's seeping out.
Momoyo: Does that mean there's more left in there? Let's find out. *lick, lick, gulp*
Momoyo: Mn, your semen tastes so good... *smack, gulp*
*She sucked out the cum left in my urethra.*
Momoyo: Mn... *slurp*... *lick, lick*
*She sucked away like it was the tastiest thing in the world.*
Momoyo: Mm... I wonder if there's any left? Hamph.
Momoyo: *lick* *lick*... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mn.
Yamato: ...Ahh, going slow feels so good too.
Momoyo: *peck* *slurp*...Heh, does anything not feel good?
Yamato: Well, when it's you and me going at it...
Momoyo: ...Sheesh, you and your sweet-talk.
*She gently moved her boobs, sending waves of pleasure to my rod.*
Yamato: Mn... Kh... Nee-san, don't forget your mouth.
Momoyo: Yeah, hamph... *lick, smack*... Mn... *kiss*...
Momoyo: Hamph... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, kiss, smack*...
Yamato: Ooh... Mm.
Momoyo: Heheh, I think I've figured out what turns you on. *smack* mn... *kiss*... *lick*
Momoyo: Like the vein on the back. *slurp* Mn, mm. *lick*
Momoyo: And at your hole. *smack, lick, slurp*
Yamato: Ahh, Nee-san... Mmph!
Momoyo: Heheheh... Your tip's twitching again. *slurp* amph... *lick, smack*...
*Her moist tongue gently licked my urethra.*
*Bringing me once more close to climax.*
Momoyo: You're getting worked up, aren't you? Mn... *smack*... Amph.
Yamato: Nee-san...
*I ran my fingers along her areola, occasionally touching her proudly erect nipples.*
Momoyo: Huff, mn, fondling my chest again? Heh... Amph... *slurp*... *slurp*
Yamato: Huff, huff... I mean, I'm once again about to...
Momoyo: Yeah... *kiss*... Mn, heheh, I can tell, you're twitching so much.
Momoyo: Where do you want to blow your third load? In my mouth?
Yamato: Yes, drink it all up...
Momoyo: Okay, cum whenever you like... Hamph... *smack* *smack* *smack* *slurp* *smack*
Yamato: I'm going to move, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mnph! Mn, mn... *kiss*... Mnn... *kiss* *smack*
Yamato: Ahh... It sounds so nasty.
Momoyo: Pwah, your cum's mixed in too. Hamph, mn, *kiss*... *kiss* mn... *smack*...
Momoyo: Mn, amph... *slurp*... *smack*... *lick, lick* but your cum... It's so delicious. *smack*... Mn, *glomp*... *lick*... *slurp*
Yamato: Nee-san, you look so hot, giving me a blowjob.
Momoyo: *smack* Mn... pwah... Damn straight I do. Seriously, I spoil you rotten. *lick* *kiss*
Momoyo: C'mon, cum for me. *lick* Shoot your semen out of your hot cock... Mn... *kiss*...
Yamato: D-Do you want to drink it that badly, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Y-Yeah... I want your milk, Yamato. Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Kh, oof, ooh... Ahh.
Momoyo: You must be close. Hamph... *smack* *slurp*... *slurp* Mn... *lick* Mn... *kiss*
*She dove into the final sprint.*
Momoyo: *slurp* *kiss* Mnn... Mm, aheh, mn, mm... Mmm...
Momoyo: *smack* *peck* *suck* *lick, lick*...
*Her moist tongue and soft boobs began to move with more and more force.*
Yamato: Ah! I-I'm cumming, Nee-san!
Momoyo: *lick, lick, lick, smack, smack, smack*...
*I shot my hips forward, shoving my member deep in her mouth.*
Momoyo: Mn, mmm...! Mn, mn... *slurrrrrrp*
Yamato: Ah, kh... I'm cumming... Nee-san!
*I twisted her tits as hard as I could.*
Momoyo: Mnnnn?!
*Again I started shooting a load into her mouth.*
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
Momoyo: Mnnnn, nmm...! Mmmm!
*Despite being round three, I still shot enough cum to surprise Nee-san.*
Momoyo: *gulp* Mmm... *gulp*... *gulp*...
*Splurt! Spurt!*
Momoyo: Mngh...! Mnkh, mnkh... *slurp*
Momoyo: Pwah... Mn, looks like there's still some left inside.
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mn... Heh... Heh.
*She sucked up every last drop.*
Momoyo: *gulp* ... *gulp*... *slurp* Mnn... *gulp*
Momoyo: Mn... Pwah... Huff... Huff...
Yamato: That felt absolutely incredible, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Heheh... I know.
*My penis glistened with saliva.*
*Ultimately, Nee-san had wound up twice drinking my cum.*
Yamato: And there's semen on your body...
*I scooped some up with my fingers and brought it to her lips.*
Momoyo: Hamph.
Yamato: Yes, yes, lick it all up.
*I brushed the semen off her cheeks and onto my fingers, then brought that to her mouth too.*
Momoyo: Mmn, amph, amph.
Yamato: Does it taste good?
Momoyo: Yeah... I could eat gallons of it.
Yamato: Then I'll keep... Oh. Shoot, we're out of time.
*People were going to be getting out of bed any minute now.*
Yamato: Let's hide here until they leave for school.
Momoyo: In the closet? Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Pwah, how about we kiss non-stop?
Momoyo: Non-stop kisses... That sounds nice.
Yamato: And don't cover up your chest, because I'm going to feel them up.
Momoyo: Mnah... Ah, Yamato, you're so nasty.
Yamato: And today, I'm at my nastiest. C'mon, get inside.
Momoyo: Never thought I'd win up hiding in a closet.
Yamato: Watch your back.
Momoyo: Mnkh, warn me before you feel up my ass.
Yamato: You look so good in black underwear, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm... C'mon, you get in here too.
*And so Nee-san and I passed the morning inside the closet.*
Yamato: Whew... Everyone's finally left.
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Yamato, after all that, you'd better believe I'm thirsty.
Yamato: We did kiss the whole time... I've got some cold tea, if you want.
Momoyo: Mn, give it to me.
Yamato: Sure, mouth-to-mouth... *gulp*
Momoyo: Mnn... *gulp, gulp, gulp*...
Momoyo: Pwah. Not enough. I need more.
Yamato: Then okay, here's a bottle of it.
Yamato: I'll be drinking your titty milk.
Momoyo: *gulp* ...Mnkh, you think so, idiot?
**suck**
Momoyo: Fwah... I-I told you there's nothing in there -- Mn, ah!
Yamato: C'mon, Nee-san. We've got seven hours of fun left.
Momoyo: Seven hours with you? You're gonna make me blush.
*I'd felt the hell out of her perfect, giant boobs while we'd kissed in the closet.*
Yamato: Your boobs are always bringing me so much joy, so...
Yamato: Today, let's do something different. Nee-san, can you kneel down on the futon?
Momoyo: Sure, like this?
Yamato: Put both of your hands on it.
Momoyo: Right. Like this? ...Wait. You're having me go on all fours?
Yamato: Yeah, because I want to see you in all sorts of positions.
Momoyo: But this is i-insulting.
Yamato: But won't you stay like that, for me?
Momoyo: ...For you, Yamato? Then all right.
Momoyo: I've fallen for you, and that's my weakness... Do what you want.
Yamato: Good girl, good girl. *pat* *pat*
Momoyo: Mnn... That's a bit insulting, you know.
Yamato: Welp, I'm going to circle behind you and flip your skirt... There.
Momoyo: ......!!!
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll be butt-naked.
Momoyo: Dammit, you're really gunning to do this.
Yamato: Yep. Time to dig in.
Yamato: So Nee-san, can you lift up your butt?
Momoyo: ...Oof. Honestly, you're so nasty.
Yamato: C'mon, hurry up. (I slapped her ass.)
Momoyo: Ah, don't strike me! Th-There... That oughta work.
*She'd lifted her tight ass up towards me.*
*I took firm hold of it.*
Yamato: You look incredible hot, Nee-san. I can hardly believe it.
Momoyo: You asked for this.
*Her butt trembled along with her voice.*
*And her cheeks were red -- she must have truly felt embarrassed.*
Yamato: But you look cool too, with your firm ass.
*I said as I stroked her cheeks.*
Momoyo: Ah, Yamato... Mn, mm...
Yamato: It's so soft to touch... And to grope. *squeeze*
Momoyo: Mnn... Your fingers are so nasty.
Yamato: It's so tight that I can feel my finger springing back up... It's incredible.
*I felt up her ass, lifting up her butt cheeks from below.*
Momoyo: ...Kh... Mn...
*A thin sheen of sweat covered her beautiful ass.*
*So I crawled my tongue along that white skin, licking up the droplets.*
Yamato: It tastes delicious. Mellow, without being heavy.
Momoyo: Ah... Kh, stop embarrassing me.
*But it looked like it was sending her bolts of pleasure.*
*As I softly licked about, Nee-san stuck her butt out closer to me.*
Yamato: There's a stain forming, Nee-san.
*Her panties were soaked beneath her slit.*
Yamato: Nee-san, you've been wet ever since you gave me that titty fuck.
Momoyo: Mn... Ah... That's... Mnph!
*When I touched her there, her warmth spread through my fingers.*
Yamato: Tell me, what's this part of you that's soaking wet?
Momoyo: Th-That's... Mn, it's m-my crotch.
Yamato: No, I think it's your nasty pussy.
*I whispered in her ear.*
Momoyo: Oof... D-Damn you... Stop acting like you're in charge... Mmm!
*When I rubbed her underwear with my fingers, Nee-san twitched, swaying her ass back and forth.*
Momoyo: Kh... When you, the man I love, touches me... Mmm, I can't... fight back... Mn, ah.
Yamato: Then I'll touch you even more.
Momoyo: Mnah... Kh, mm... Yamato.
*As I felt up her ass with one hand, I stroked her slit with the other.*
*Focusing on that slit caused her to become even more moist.*
Momoyo: Mnah... Huff, mnn, stop being so loud... Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Nee-san, your moans are so cute... I'm going to touch you directly now.
*I slid my finger under the side of her panties and pressed my finger against her lower lips.*
Momoyo: Ahh... Your fingers feel so -- Kh... Mnn.
*She was already soaking wet down there.*
*I rolled my finger over her clit.*
Momoyo: Ahhh... Mn, Yamato... Yamato.
*Her beautiful ass quivered heartrendingly before my eyes.*
Yamato: This time, your backdoor...
*I yanked her underwear down.*
*Then I poked my fingers into her buttcrack and spread it wide.*
*Giving me a perfect view of her pink asshole.*
Yamato: You're pretty back here too.
Momoyo: S-Stop looking there. You know that's the wrong hole!
Yamato: So your asshole embarrasses even you from the bottom of your heart.
Momoyo: Damn straight it does. So get your fingers out--
Yamato: After all, I'm sure you've never seen it yourself.
Momoyo: Dammit, Y-Yamato--
Yamato: If you love me, Nee-san, then show me everything.
Momoyo: Loving you is what makes this awkward!
*I spread her buttcheeks even more.*
*Her backdoor squeezed shut, as if surprised.*
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good?
*I poked my love juice-coated fingers against her anus.*
Momoyo: Ahh?! Wh-Why did I have to fall in love with a pervert?
Yamato: But it's twitching. See?
*I fondled her asshole as it trembled with embarrassment.*
Momoyo: Oooh... Mn, I-I can't... Ah.
*I buried my face in her ass and licked the folds of her asshole.*
*Tickled it with my saliva-moist tongue.*
Momoyo: ...Ah... Mm... Mmm...
Yamato: You taste good here.
*As I caressed her sweaty butt, I thoroughly licked her asshole.*
*The shivers that shot now and then through her ass were so cute.*
Momoyo: Kh, ahhh, wahhhh... S-Stop focusing so much on my -- Mn, ah!
Yamato: I've wanted a piece of your ass every time I've seen you in jeans... And now, I finally have my chance.
*I play-bit and licked her tight ass.*
Momoyo: Huff, mm... Mm, mnah...! Ah!
*Her twitching asshole glowed with saliva.*
*I inserted my tongue into that rear entrance.*
Momoyo: Fwah!
*Shot it in and out of the hole, violating her.*
*The quick, frequent movements let me relish the taste.*
Momoyo: Don't spread it that much -- Mnah!
*Once I'd had my fill, I went back to my fingers.*
*Sending lightning into that embarrassing hole.*
Momoyo: You're putting your fingers in deeper?! Stop, you idi -- Mnph!
*She shook her peach-shaped butt. She was clearly turned on.*
*Her asshole clamped down on my finger and wouldn't let go.*
*I couldn't wait any longer.*
Yamato: I'm going to put it in now, Nee-san.
*Before she could respond, I penetrated her wet vagina.*
Momoyo: Mnaah... Ah, ahh, fwah, you're coming inside me...
Yamato: I can't believe I'm fucking you, Nee-san, from behind... You're so hot.
*I started moving my hips like a beast.*
Momoyo: Khhh, ah, ahh, ah, ah!
*Her pussy squeezed down on my dick.*
Momoyo: Kh... Ah, ahh! You're so rough.
*Her membranes and my penis rubbed tight against each other.*
Yamato: This feels amazing, Nee-san!
*I slowly pulled out, then shoved back in.*
Momoyo: Mn, ahh, ah, ahh, Yamato!
*I kept moving my hips as I observed her twitching asshole.*
*I rhythmically knocked deep inside her.*
Momoyo: If you move like that... Ah, ahhh, ahhhhh!
*I pounded my hips into her vivacious ass.*
*With each thump, I rubbed my glans against a different part of her pussy, as if to relish every inch of her.*
Momoyo: Mm, ahhh! Huff, ah, ahhh!
*She started moving her hips as well.*
*As I felt up her sweaty butt, I matched my timing to hers.*
Momoyo: Fwah... Mnkh, ah, ahhh...
*And she became tighter too.*
Momoyo: Mmn... Yamato... I'm already -- Ahh!
Yamato: Then raise your butt up even higher, Nee-san. I'll make you feel even better.
*Nee-san offered me her butt, just like I'd asked.*
*So I grabbed her hips and kept on thrusting.*
*My cock swelling thicker as I neared my peak.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Mn, N-Nee-san, you're close, too?
Yamato: Is your little bro about to make you cum from behind?
Momoyo: I-I'm cumming...! You're making me cum from behind!
Momoyo: I can't believe this feels so... Ah, ahhhhhh!
Yamato: Cum, Nee-san!
*I slammed into her as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh! I'm cumminnnggg...
*Her already-narrow hole squeezed down on me.*
Yamato: Ah, it's like it's alive in there, mnn...
Momoyo: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Don't rest yet, Nee-san.
*My raging boner rubbed her sensitized walls.*
Momoyo: Mnah, you're moving again? Ahhh!
Yamato: I still haven't cum yet, so... Mnph!
*I started to move my hips in a circle too.*
*Her skin flushed red.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
*And as I moved her hips, I occasionally teased her asshole.*
*I increased my pace, indulging in Nee-san.*
Momoyo: Mnnn...! You're going to make me cum again!
Yamato: Yeah, and I'm cumming too!
*I pounded into her as hard as I could.*
Momoyo: Fwwaaaaahhhhhh!
*I spewed my load into her.*
Yamato: Mn... Ah, ah...
Momoyo: Huff... Huff... Amazing... Huff... Huff.
*She'd raised her butt high, letting my seed rush into her womb.*
*Today was Halloween.*
*Which was a big event in Kawakami.*
*And Nee-san had told me she had a surprise for me, so I waited at the secret base when...*
Yamato: Where could she be? And why does she want me by myself on Halloween night?
Momoyo: Trick or treat!
Yamato: Whoa?!
*I found myself suddenly slammed onto the sofa.*
Momoyo: Tada! It's your big sister dressed up for Halloween.
Momoyo: Meowsic to your eyes, Yamato? Meow, meow.
Yamato: Wow, you really got into this.
Momoyo: Today's the one-and-only Halloween, so I thought I'd do something meow-nificent!
Momoyo: Aren't I moe? Aren't I such a nyasty kitten?
Yamato: (Nah, you're more like a saber-toothed tiger who's trying too hard...)
Momoyo: Stop having rude meow-sings!
Yamato: Oof!
Momoyo: Heh hem... Well, I have a purr-fect idea.
Momoyo: We'll change things up today. Sex like this sound a-meow-sing.
Yamato: Huh?
Momoyo: Now, I'll meow-nistrate you!
Yamato: Nw-Nwaaah!
Momoyo: This is a meow-ighty big feast for your eyes.
Yamato: Then Nee-san, you'll have to take your bra off too.
Momoyo: Wow, you don't go easy on a poor girl.
Momoyo: I mean, a poor k-kitty.
*She clearly didn't want to drop the act.*
Momoyo: Then I'll strip meow-self down...
Yamato: I feel like that's getting a bit strained?
Momoyo: N-No it's nyat!
Momoyo: ...Here, my boobs are free.
*She unclipped her bra.*
Yamato: They're as pretty as ever.
*I patted her head.*
Momoyo: Purrrr
*Her cat ears twitched.*
Momoyo: But nevertheless... *sniffle*
Momoyo: You smell so... purr-leasingly strong.
Yamato: You really like the smell of my unwashed penis, don't you?
Momoyo: ...You don't have to mention every eeny-meownie thing.
Yamato: Mnn, then clean it for me.
Momoyo: It would be my purr-leasure.
*Nee-san started giving me a blowjob.*
Momoyo: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
*Her tongue began to lick all over my penis.*
*She'd asked me not to wash it, so I hadn't.*
*She'd said it was her job to clean it.*
Momoyo: *slurp, peck*... *kiss*...
*Every time she found a unclean spot, she happily licked it up.*
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... *kiss* amph, mnn...
*She smeared her saliva over every inch.*
*Poked with her tongue like a teasing cat.*
Yamato: How's my unwashed penis?
Momoyo: It's so meowthwatering... Mnfn.
Yamato: Good, good.
*I stroked her pretty raven hair.*
Momoyo: Purr... I want milk.
*She continued to tenaciously lick my glans.*
Momoyo: Give it to me-ow already.
Yamato: You have to use the magic word!
Momoyo: Please give it to me-ow... I want my milk.
Yamato: Today, Nee-san, you're just too hot!
Momoyo: Heheh... *lick, lick* meow.
*She diligently licked my urethra.*
Momoyo: Meow... *lick, suck*... Meow.
Yamato: That feels so good... You're licking so much.
Momoyo: Purr... *lick, lick* all cats love to lick things.
Momoyo: ...*kiss*... Mn, mm... *lick*...
Yamato: I think it's really easy for dirt to get on the bottom of the glans.
Momoyo: Mm... *lick*... *peck*... *lick*
*She immediately darted her moist tongue down there.*
Momoyo:  *kiss* *lick*... *smack* *peck*
Momoyo: *smack, lick*... *lick*... Mnnn...
*She slowly and diligently cleaned it off.*
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp, peck*... *kiss*...
*Precum had long since begun to dribble out.*
Momoyo: Nmm...! Mph... *smack, slurp* mn... *Peck, smack* *smack*... Mnn... *kiss*...
*And she happily sucked it down.*
Momoyo: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* *kiss*
Yamato: Mn, I'm about to cum...
Momoyo: Mn, ooh... Mn... *smack*... *peck* *lick* *lick*
Yamato: Deep-throat my dick and drink up all the milk, Nee-san.
Momoyo: Mm... Meow!
Yamato: Ugh!
*I spewed my load into Nee-san's waiting mouth.*
Momoyo: Mmm... *gulp, gulp*
*And she swallowed it, savoring the taste.*
Momoyo: Your milk's purr-fect.
*She looked enthralled as she drank my thick load.*
Momoyo: Meow... Meow...! Meow!
Yamato: What's wrong?
Momoyo: As I drank your milk, well...
Momoyo: I want... you to make love to me-ow...
Yamato: You're such a naughty kitty.
Momoyo: But you're the one who came on to me-ow in the first place... *smack, smack*
*She cleaned me off, sucking up the remaining semen.*
Yamato: All right, but are you sure you want to keep doing those puns? You can stop if you--
Momoyo: I'm doing purr-fectly fine!
Yamato: Where'd you get those cat ears? They're so cute. Cute, and hot.
Yamato: I won't take it all off -- I'll leave on a bit of your uniform so you look extra sexy. Then I'll fuck you.
Momoyo: Ah, Y-Yamato, hey, what're you doing? ...Meow.
Yamato: Mnn, I'm putting it in... There.
*I started fucking her missionary style.*
Momoyo: Ahhhh...! Doing it in the base is just, mnah, mn, turning me on even harder!
*I could feel my penis tremble, she looked so sexy.*
Momoyo: Your big cock's coming inside me... Ahhh!
*Her walls happily embraced my member.*
Yamato: But Kitty, don't you love my thick dick?
Momoyo: Y-Yes, this is so a-meow-sing... You're so hard.
*I began slowly moving my hips, focusing on her shallows.*
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust.*
Momoyo: Mnaaahh, I love when you meowve so deep in me.
Yamato: Then that's just what I'll do.
Momoyo: Mnaaahh, ah, ahh?
*I'd shoved myself deep inside her.*
Momoyo: Huh? Y-You're not meowving?
*As I groped her naked breasts, I answered,*
Yamato: Not unless you beg.
*I pinched her nipples, and they quickly grew hard.*
Momoyo: ...There's nyathing you won't stoop to.
Yamato: Well, Nee-san? What'll you do?
*I looked down at her, doing nothing but play with her tits.*
Momoyo: Pl-Please move and pound inside me-ow.
*Her cheeks blushed red.*
*Blushed so cutely that I just had to lick her pretty face.*
Yamato: All right, I'm doing it!
*I shoved my glans through to her inner depths through the tightening resistance of her hole.*
Momoyo: AAfwah! Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: Hah, hah!
Momoyo: Mn, ahh, ahhh, fwah!
Yamato: Kitty, don't forget your role! Focus!
Momoyo: M-Meeooowwww!
*Her body swayed with my thrusts.*
*She moaned happily as I groped her chest.*
Momoyo: I-It feels so good... Ahhh, ahhh, meow!
*The act was cute, but I began to fear she'd bite her tongue trying to keep it up.*
Yamato: Seriously, you don't have to force yourself to make the puns, okay?
Momoyo: Mnn, being moe's harder than I thought. Ahhh...
Yamato: Nee-san, that's because you missed the point of it all.
*I said as I assaulted her.*
Momoyo: Ah, ah, ah, ah... Yamato, Yamato!
*Her walls began to twitch and spasm.*
Yamato: Huff, huff, what?
Momoyo: Ahhh, I want your milk in my purr-ssy!
*Her walls squeezed down, trying to wring the semen out of me.*
Yamato: Hm, then I'm cumming!
*I drove my dick as deep as I could.*
Momoyo: Ah, ahhh, I'm cummmmingggggg!
*Spurt! Spew! Spur, spew!*
*My seed kept shooting without end.*
Momoyo: Hah... Meow... Ah.
*The last few drops spilled out of her.*
Yamato: You were so cute. Good kitty.
*I kissed her as I ejaculated.*
Momoyo: Purrrr...
*She cuddled up to me.*
*We were such lovebirds.*
*--That night, in Yamato's room.*
Yamato: Kazuko, congratulations on finding your new path.
Kazuko: Wow, thanks. Yay, yay.
*We clinked our glasses together.*
*A toast of soft drinks, shared by just the two of us.*
Kazuko: I'll tell everyone afterwards, with a drum roll and everything.
Kazuko: Right now, I'm more in the mood to celebrate with you.
Yamato: That's the loveliest thing you've ever said.
Kazuko: I would've never thought of this if not for that one thing you happened to say.
Kazuko: TIt's like, I couldn't get the thought of being a dietitian out of my mind.
Yamato: I'm just glad I helped, really.
Kazuko: I'll be Food Expert Kawakami Kazuko! (She struck a pose.)
Yamato: ...There's more to the job than eating, remember!
Kazuko: I-I know, I didn't forget.
Kazuko: Oh, Haruka-san sent me a text already.
Kazuko: She said she'll introduce me to a friend in the field.
Yamato: Sounds great. You'll hear even more opinions.
Kazuko: Yeah. And they have so many neat stories to tell!
Kazuko: I'm meeting new people, who introduce me to more people... It just keeps going.
Yamato: Yeah, connections are a powerful thing.
Kazuko: I might have to spend more of our dates studying.
Yamato: That's what I want to hear. Besides, that'll help me too.
Kazuko: Thank goodness you're the smartest boyfriend ever! Yay, yay!
*Kazuko wrapped her arms around me.*
Yamato: Wow, someone's passionate.
Kazuko: Mnheheh... *kiss*
Yamato: Mmm......
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss*
Yamato: Whoa.
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss kiss*...
Yamato: Mm... Hm...
*She showered me with kisses.*
*Pressed her body tight against mine.*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: Mm... *lick*
*Tongue met tongue.*
*And I held her tight in my own arms.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... Mn.
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... *gasp*
Kazuko: ...So I love you so much...
Kazuko: And you're always doing so much for me...
Kazuko: So I want to do things for you too.
*She stared at me, teary-eyed with emotion.*
Yamato: Okay...
*I quickly assessed the situation.*
*Miyako, Mayucchi, and Chris would still be in Chris's room hanging out.*
*My immediate neighbors, Capt and Gen-san, were at work.*
*Which meant we could do it.*
*I'd come to want Kazuko.*
*To make her mine, body and soul. To become one flesh with her.*
Yamato: I won't let anyone interfere.
*I threw a sheet over the hermit crabs' tank.*
*Then I locked and bolted the door to my room.*
Kazuko: ...Yamato.
*A sweet scent wafted from her hair.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko.
*I gently stroked my hands over her body.*
Kazuko: ...Ah.
Yamato: What's wrong?
*I planted stiff kisses on her ears.*
Kazuko: Um, shouldn't I bathe first?
Yamato: Mn... That can wait till after.
*I licked her face like an animal.*
Kazuko: Wah... This is kind of awkward.
Yamato: *sniff* Everything about you smells good.
Kazuko: Geez... Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... *kiss*
*We passionately sought each other.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *kiss*... Yamato...
Yamato: Kazuko... *lick*... *lick*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Yamato... Yamato... I love you.
*Kazuko gazed at me, her eyes moist with passion.*
*A chill ran down my spine.*
Yamato: I love you too, everything about you.
*I leaned over to take off her clothes.*
Kazuko: Ah...
*Her simple, workmanlike underwear was so thoroughly and adorably her.*
Yamato: You're so cute in your underwear.
Kazuko: Yamato, you call everything cute.
Yamato: But you are.
*I gently stroked her bra.*
Kazuko: Eheheh, thanks... *kiss*
Yamato: Mnn... Your hair smells sweet, and I love the fragrance.
Kazuko: You're going to make me die of embarrassment...
Yamato: Let's see if you taste as good as you look. *kiss*
*I sucked on her skin.*
Kazuko: Haiee! Th-That tickles.
*I sucked so hard that she might get a hickey.*
Yamato: Then how about your neck?
Kazuko: Hah... Heh, mn.
Yamato: Oh, not bad. How about your ears?
Kazuko: ...Ahn... Kweh, mn, mm.
*She quivered with a woman's joy.*
Yamato: So your ears are sensitive.
Kazuko: Yeah, I can't stop from shaking.
Yamato: I'll have to make a note of that -- your ears are sensitive. Target acquired.
Kazuko: You've completely got me... Mn, kh, ah.
*I unhooked her bra, exposing her breasts.*
*They were small, but pretty.*
*I lightly pinched her pink nipples.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Kh... Mn.
Yamato: Your breasts fit perfectly in my hands.
*I rubbed them, worked them to my liking.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Ah... Mn... Your hands are amazing.
*Her nipples soon grew proudly erect.*
Yamato: Looks like you're enjoying it.
Kazuko: Aww. D-Don't pinch them so hard.
Yamato: Sorry, but you're so pretty that I just... *kiss*
Kazuko: ...Mm... *kiss*...
Yamato: What if I take things more gently, like this?
Kazuko: Hau... A-Ahh, mm, that's turning me on... Kh... Mn.
Yamato: I love you, Kazuko.
*I whispered, and her body trembled.*
Kazuko: Ooh... Kweh... I love you too.
Yamato: Mm... Time to get you out of those clothes.
*I slid her shorts down her legs.*
Kazuko: Wah...
Yamato: ...But geez, you have such pretty legs.
Kazuko: Really?
Yamato: Yeah. Thanks to all your training, they're beautifully slender.
Yamato: So show me everything, Kazuko.
*I removed her final piece of clothing.*
*Revealing her most private spot.*
Yamato: ...It's as pretty as I imagined.
Kazuko: Thanks... Awah!
Yamato: You've got a bit of hair down here.
*I ran my finger over the fuzz.*
*And kept going until I reached her slit.*
Kazuko: Hah... That's... Ah, I feel so--Mn!
*I slowly stimulated it.*
Yamato: How about here?
*I rubbed the flat of my finger across her clit.*
Kazuko: Waahhh!
*She jumped.*
Yamato: Whoa, that must've felt good.
Yamato: I'll make you feel even better.
Kazuko: Ah?! Huh?! Wh-Where are you... Ahh!
*I played with her love bean between my fingers.*
Kazuko: Kwah, ah, mn, mnahhh!
*I could feel her clit growing harder.*
Kazuko: Fwahh, i-it's weird... I feel all numb.
*My other hand I used to patiently work her breasts.*
Kazuko: Mnkh... Ah, mn... Huff, huff, huff.
Yamato: They're swelling bigger and bigger... It must feel amazing.
*I sped up my fingers.*
Kazuko: Ahhh, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: I love your voice.
Yamato: I'm going to go even faster, okay?
Kazuko: Mmm, ah, mm! I-It feels good!
*Her slit was wet before I knew it.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn, mm, ah, ahh!
*I licked her ear, pinched her nipple, rubbed her clit...*
*Attacked her from three places at once.*
Kazuko: Y-You're going to make me -- Kweh, ah, ahh!
Yamato: You're so cute... I love you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Ah, Yamato... I love you... I love you, Yamato!
Yamato: You're really twitching. Are you about to cum?
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, Yamato! Yamato! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Go ahead! Cum!
Kazuko: Waaaahhhhhhhhh!
*Her body shook with release.*
Kazuko: Ah, hah... Huff... Ah... Ah.
Yamato: You came... Kazuko, you're so cute.
Kazuko: ...Aww, I feel so awkward.
Yamato: Then this time, let's both feel good together.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, 'kay... Yamato, come in me.
Yamato: Ah...
Kazuko: Oh, but Yamato -- if you do me raw today...
Yamato: Don't worry. Since we started going out, I've never been anywhere without a condom.
*I'd chosen blue ones.*
Kazuko: Ooh, you're super prepared.
Yamato: I didn't want to miss on the chance to do it.
Kazuko: You're so perverted... Ahh!
Yamato: I'm putting it in, Kazuko.
Kazuko: ...'Kay...
Yamato: Mn... Little by little.
*I readied it against her entrance, then pushed.*
Kazuko: Oof...
*She was plenty wet.*
Yamato: Oh, it's so hot inside you.
Kazuko: Aww... You're super hot too...
Yamato: Kazuko, you're blushing so adorably.
Kazuko: Well, so are you!
Yamato: Heheh.
Kazuko: Haha.
*We were both pretty relaxed.*
Yamato: Mn... Okay.
*I slowly thrust my hips.*
Kazuko: Hah, kh... Oof!
*I broke through her vagina and into her depths.*
Kazuko: Heh, ah... Ahhh!
Yamato: Kazuko, I'm making you a woman.
*I felt something tear.*
Kazuko: Ouch! Ahhh! Gh!
*I tore through her hymen.*
Yamato: Are you okay?
Kazuko: ...Y-Yeah... I can push through this.
Yamato: Wow. This is amazing, and I'm not even all the way in yet.
Kazuko: Huff, huff. Amazing how?
Yamato: It feels like you're rubbing me... Ahh.
Kazuko: Yamato, this's a new side of you.
Yamato: It's because you're so sexy.
Kazuko: ...Heheh, thanks.
Kazuko: Yamato, I'm fine.
Yamato: Okay... I should be able to go deeper.
Kazuko: Hau, mnkh... You're so hot!
*I proceeded inwards, rubbing against her membranes.*
Kazuko: Ah... Mm, mm, mmm...!!!
*Pushed myself all the way in.*
Yamato: Kh... This feels good.
*It was like her pussy had wrapped itself perfectly around me.*
Kazuko: Huff, huff... Yamato...
*Kazuko was now a woman, and the first thing she did was call my name in her dulcet tones.*
Yamato: Kazuko... I'm going to move.
Kazuko: K-Kay...
*When I called her name, her insides squeezed tight.*
Kazuko: Mm... Ooh... Ah.
*I pulled out...*
Kazuko: Hau... Mnkh, ah...
*Then went straight back in.*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Yamato, I'll be fine, so... Move as much as you want.
Yamato: Okay...
*I sped up a hair, but still was careful to make sure I wasn't hurting her.*
Kazuko: Oof... Ah... Ah... Aww...
Kazuko: Ah, ahhh! Wah, ah... Mnn! Yamato, this feels... Ah!
*I let momentum carry me, driving me through her membranes.*
Kazuko: Huff, huff... Ah, ahhh!
*Sweat covered every inch of her body.*
Kazuko: Ah... Yamato, I love you... Mn, ah.
Yamato: ...Kazuko!
*I put even more power into my thrusts.*
Kazuko: Ahh! Ah... Ah, ah... A... mazing...
Kazuko: Ah, ahh... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Mn... Mm.
*We breathed in perfect harmony.*
Kazuko: I want to do something for you t--Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Huh? Hey.
*Kazuko started using her hips.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn, mmm, mm!
*She lifted her hips and rolled about in a circle.*
Kazuko: Mm, ah, mn.
Yamato: Khf, this is awesome...
Kazuko: Wah! Y-You're getting even bigger?
Yamato: Yeah. Kazuko, I'm about to cum.
Kazuko: Cum. Cum whenever you're ready, Yamato!
Kazuko: Yamato!
Yamato: Kazuko...
*We stared into each others' eyes, our hips never stopping.*
Kazuko: Kwah, mnah... Ah, wahhh!
Yamato: Uhgm...
Kazuko: Kwah, ahhn, ah, Yamato, Yamato!
Kazuko: Mnahh, ah, I'm, I'm, I'm--
Yamato: Wahh, me too!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, ah, ah!
Yamato: Kh... Kazuko.
Kazuko: Mm, mm, mm, mm, this feels so good!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh, ah, I'm going crazy!
Yamato: Kazuko... Kazuko...
Kazuko: Ah! Yamato... Yamato, ah, ahh! Ah!
Kazuko: Mnahh, mn, mnnn!
Kazuko: I love you, I love you...
Kazuko: Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*As Kazuko reached her peak, I filled the condom with my cum.*
*.........*
Yamato: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*That had been amazing.*
*I could continue, but...*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff.
*That had been rougher on Kazuko than I'd expected.*
*...Better to let her rest.*
Yamato: That felt wonderful, Kazuko. *kiss*
Kazuko: Mm...
*Our lips gently touched.*
*.........*
*We decided to take a bath together.*
Kazuko: Ya-ma-to.
Yamato: Ka-zu-ko.
Kazuko: Heheheh. Yamato
Yamato: Someone's in a good mood.
Kazuko: Well duh.
Kazuko: I'm so happy we did it.
Yamato: Okay.
Kazuko: And plus, we didn't have to stop or anything.
Kazuko: Though you did mostly everything...
Yamato: Nah, you made me feel really good too, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Yay! That's great.
Kazuko: I've been training and training forever, but...
Kazuko: I didn't know if I'd be any good at it. Ahaha.
Yamato: You're such a cutie. (I patted her head.)
Kazuko: Mn... Eheheh.
Yamato: Really, I mean it.
Kazuko: Huh?
Yamato: Your clitoris is so sensitive.
Kazuko: Awawawawawa! Wh-Where'd that come from?
Yamato: I'll lick it nice and good next time, okay?
Kazuko: Y-Yamato?!
Yamato: The truth is, like I'm sure I said before, I'm pretty perverted.
Kazuko: Wawawa... And now you're running your finger over my butt!
Yamato: So I'm going to do all sorts of nasty things to you, and turn you into one nasty little girl, if you don't mind.
Kazuko: N-Not if it's you...
Yamato: Even if I do this?
*As my hand ran along her ass, I stuck a finger into her asshole.*
Kazuko: Aiee?!
Yamato: You're fine with that?
Kazuko: S-Sure, if it's you...
Kazuko: I can handle anything that makes you happy!
Yamato: Kazuko...
*I took my hand off of her butt.*
Yamato: All this naughtiness aside...
*I patted her head.*
Yamato: Let's be together forever!
Kazuko: 'Kay!
*Kazuko enthusiastically replied.*
*We were the only ones who went there.*
Yamato: Doesn't look like anyone else is coming.
Kazuko: It's nice to be alone sometimes, huh?!
*Kazuko snuggled up to me.*
Kazuko: Mnn.
Yamato: *kiss*
*We kissed and gazed at one another.*
Kazuko: ...Eheheh!
*We both smiled awkwardly.*
Kazuko: *kiss*
*And kissed again.*
*In a word...*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *kiss*... *kiss*
*We flirted.*
Yamato: You're sure studying hard. *pat pat*
Kazuko: I mean, it's for my dream and all.
Kazuko: But I love it when you compliment me.
Kazuko: Keep going
Yamato: Good girl.
Kazuko: Yay, yay.
Kazuko: Meheheh. *kiss, kiss*...
Yamato: Mn...
Kazuko: *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
*Kazuko sucked on my lips.*
Kazuko: ...Mn... *kiss* *lick*
*At some point, her moans grew more sensual, and she began to use her tongue.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *kiss* Mnheh, Yamato... Mn.
*I rubbed my hands all along her body.*
Kazuko: ...Mnn.
*Until they eventually reached her shorts.*
Kazuko: Mnheh... *kiss* Yamato... Ah!
*I rubbed her butt through her shorts.*
Kazuko: *kiss* *kiss*... Ahmm, we've got a pervert on our hands.
Yamato: No, the pervert has his hands on you.
Kazuko: Eheheh... Because I'm cute? You're making me blush.
Yamato: So I have a favor to ask you... (I squeezed her ass.)
Kazuko: Hau... Mm, ah. Say it.
Chris: You had best not be indecent.
*Chris's words played in my mind, but I shook them off.*
Yamato: Why don't you get on that sofa and...
*............*
Kazuko: Th-This is what you wanted?
Kazuko: Are you sure?
Yamato: Yeah.
Kazuko: But with the shorts, won't it be kinda rough?
Yamato: Not a chance. Please.
Kazuko: Wow, you're as hard as ever.
Kazuko: I'll make it even bigger. *lick*
Kazuko: *lick* Hah, mn... *kiss* *lick*
Kazuko: Yamato... Mm... It's so hot... *lick, lick*
Kazuko: *smack* Hamph... *lick, smack, lick, lick*... *slurp, smack*... *lick*
Yamato: I think you're getting better. It feels good.
Kazuko: Really? Great.
Kazuko: You're going to feel even better... *lick*
Kazuko: Mnf, hamph... *smack* mn... *lick, smack*...
Yamato: Kwah, yes, your tongue!
Kazuko: Haweh, mn... *slurp, lick, lick, smack*... *slurp*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick* mn... *kiss* amph... *slurp* mn... *lick*
Yamato: You're keeping your teeth away now.
Kazuko: Good. Mnn... *slurp*... *lick, smack*
Kazuko: It's proof of the practice I've done servicing you. *lick*
Kazuko: *lick* Mn... *slurp, lick*... *gasp, lick*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Mn... *kiss, lick, lick*. You're already so hard, and thick.
Kazuko: My mouth must've really turned you on.
Kazuko: Yep, training's the best.
Kazuko: I'm going to suck on you lots. Mn... *smack*
*Kazuko's caresses grew more passionate.*
Kazuko: *lick* *smack* *slurp* *slurrp*
*I buried my face in her shorts.*
Kazuko: *slurp* *lick* Yamato, mn... *lick*
Kazuko: Ah! You're licking me through my shorts -- Mn!
Kazuko: Ahn...! Wah...
Kazuko: Mn, Yamato, your face is moving too much!
Kazuko: Hau, ah!
Kazuko: Mm... Fine, then I'll counterattack. *lick*
Kazuko: Ahh, mm, mnf... *smack, smack*... *slurp, lick*
Yamato: Kh...
*I pulled down her shorts.*
Kazuko: Mmm... *lick*... *gasp* Y-Yamato?!
Yamato: I'm licking you too.
Kazuko: Ah, d-don't! If you lick me now...
Yamato: I already know you're wet...
Kazuko: Ah! ...Mm, hah... Oof!
Kazuko: Hah, mnah... Mnkh... Mn, ah...
Kazuko: Ah, y-your tongue... It's so amazing!
*Partway through, I switched over to her asshole.*
Kazuko: Aiee... Th-That's... Ah, Yamato -- Mn!
Kazuko: Ahh... Mm, ah, aiee, mmmm...
*I switched back to her slit.*
Kazuko: Oof, mn... Ahh, hah.
Kazuko: Auu! Ah! Mn... I-I'm...
Kazuko: Licking you too... *lick, lick*
Kazuko: Hamph, ooh... Mn... *slurp, lick*...
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp, slurp*... *smack, slurp*...
Yamato: Whoa... Mn... *kiss, lick, smack* wah... Ah...
*Kazuko sucked on my dick with as much intensity as I licked her.*
Kazuko: *smack, smack*... *lick, lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
Kazuko: *slurp*... Mngh... *lick, slurp*... *lick*
*She serviced my dick, as if this were a competition.*
Kazuko: Amph... *slurp, smack*... Mwah, agh... Mnheh...
Kazuko: Mm... *slurp* *slurrrp*... *slurrrrrrrp*
*Meanwhile, I stretched out my tongue to her most sensitive spot.*
Kazuko: Aiyahh! Ahn! N-Not there!
*I mercilessly licked Kazuko's clit.*
Kazuko: Ahhhhh!
Yamato: You really are sensitive here.
*She twitched every time I touched it.*
Kazuko: Hah, mn... *slurp*... Mngh, hahn...
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp* *kiss*... *smack, smack*...
Kazuko: Hamph, mn... *smack, slurp, slurp*...
Yamato: Ngh... How about this?
*I sucked on her critically hardened clit.*
Kazuko: Kwah?!
Kazuko: Hauu, fwah...
*Kazuko's feminine body shook with pleasure.*
Kazuko: S-Sucking on it... that's cheating... Mn, ahhh!
Yamato: Mn... *smack*...
Kazuko: Wah, eek, ugh! Hauu?!
Kazuko: Ah, ahh... Hmph, y-you meanie!
Kazuko: Mnn, I won't lose! *slurp* mngh...
Kazuko: Heh, mn, ngh... *slurp* *slurp*
Kazuko: Ngh... *lick* *lick* *smack*... *slurp*
Yamato: ...*Smack, smack, smack*...
*We continued to give each other pleasure.*
Kazuko: *slurp* *lick* *smack* *slurp* Ooh, nmph!
Kazuko: Ugh... *slurp* *lick* *lick*... *smack*
*We entered our final spurt.*
Kazuko: Mn... Ah, ahhh, ah!
Kazuko: Mnaahh...! Mn, ahhhh!
Kazuko: Mn, ah, Y-Yamato, Yamato, I love you, Yamato...
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato, cum too...
Kazuko: Amph... *slurp, smack*... Mwah, ugh... Mnf...
Kazuko: Mm... *slurp* *slurrp... *slurrrrrrp*
Kazuko: Mngh... *slurp* *slurrrrrppp*
Yamato: Kh!
*Spurrrrrt!*
*I sprayed the white, nebulous liquid straight onto her face.*
Kazuko: Wah, th-there's so much... Whoa.
Kazuko: Then... Th-That must've felt really good.
Yamato: Yeah, same to you.
*I licked her clit.*
Kazuko: Waahhh, ahh, stop, it's sensitive now -- Mn, ah!
Kazuko: Ahhh! I-If you keep sucking...
Kazuko: Kwaaaaaah!
Kazuko: Oof... Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: *kiss*
Kazuko: Kwah, n-no, you're driving me crazy!
Kazuko: Enough, I'm fine, so -- Ah, Yamato!
Yamato: *kiss, kiss*
Kazuko: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: You came again? You're so cute, Kazuko.
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
Kazuko: Hau... Oh, b-but I managed to make you feel good.
Kazuko: Since I don't have boobs or anything...
Kazuko: I can't slack off here!
*I loved her noble resolve.*
*So I rewarded her with another press of my tongue against her clitoris.*
Kazuko: G-Geez, again? ...Ah, ahh, ah!
Yamato: How about I lick you somewhere else next, Kazuko?
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff... L-Like where?
Yamato: Hmm... School?
Kazuko: Th-That's super tough!
Kazuko: B-But I'll keep pushing forward!
*Kazuko was truly committed.*
*Meanwhile, in the storage room...*
Yamato: We're free to flirt in here.
Kazuko: 'K-Kay...
Yamato: I locked the door, and we can hide down here anyways. Rest assured, this is the safest spot in the whole school.
Kazuko: But it's still in the school... That makes this tricky.
Kazuko: But I'll do my best!
*Kazuko had passionately given me head every day.*
*So I'd started mixing up the location and situation.*
*Kazuko soon crawled up to me.*
Kazuko: *kiss* *lick* Mnfh...
Yamato: Mnn...
Kazuko: Yamato, you're this hard already? When we're in here? *lick, lick, kiss*... Mnfh...
Yamato: Doing it in here is really turning me on.
Kazuko: You pervert... *smack*... Mn... We've got a pervert on our hands... *lick*... *kiss*... *lick*
Kazuko: *sniff, sniff*... You even smell stronger than usual. *lick*
Yamato: Oof. Nevertheless, Kazuko...
Kazuko: Hmm? What, Yamato? *lick, kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: You're getting bolder and more skillful with that tongue.
Kazuko: Well, yeah. I've been doing this every day... *kiss, lick*
Kazuko: Of course I'm getting good at it... *slurp* *slurp*... *lick*... Mnah... *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
Kazuko: Mm... Mnf... *slurp, lick* mn... *lick, lick* *lick*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Kazuko: *lick, slurp*... *lick, lick* *lick* *smack* *kiss*... *kiss* *lick*
Yamato: Kazuko, you're really going at it.
Kazuko: Mn, but I really do like doing this. Heh... Mn... Mm... *kiss, lick, lick*...
Kazuko: *lick* *lick* *kiss*... *gasp* It's twitching and pulsating. It just won't sit still.
Yamato: You're being really forward yourself, considering we're in here.
Kazuko: Y-You don't think I'm embarrassed? ...But you know? *lick*
Kazuko: *lick, smack, slurp*... When I see your dick in front of me, I can't help myself... *lick* *smack, slurp*...
Kazuko: I just start sucking on it... *lick* *lick*
Yamato: A Pavlovian reaction? Yet another way you're canine.
Kazuko: Wah, mn... *slurp* heh... Amph... *slurp, slurp* *smack, lick*...
Kazuko: *slurp* Mn, mmm... *smack, smack, slurp* *lick*... I'm already so wet... *lick, lick*
Yamato: Ahh... Mnkh, this feels completely incredible, Kazuko. No, you're incredible.
Kazuko: Completely, huh? Hmm, so my mouth turns you on that much? Great... Maybe that's thanks to my hard work too.
Kazuko: So... I'll make you feel even better. Ahh... Ahmph.
*Kazuko deep-throated my penis.*
Kazuko: *lick* *slurp* *slurp* *lick* ...Mn... *slurp* awah... *kiss* *slurp* *smack* *suck*
*And licked off the precum.*
Kazuko: *lick*... *smack* *slurp*... *suck* *lick* *slurp* *kiss* *smack*...Mnf... *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*
*No, she swallowed it too.*
Kazuko: Mn, heh... Heh... Heh... *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick*... *gasp* it just keeps coming... Wow... Hamph.
Kazuko: *slurp*... *lick*... *suck*... Amph... *lick*... *slurp*... *suck*... *suck*...
Kazuko: *slurp* *smack, suck* *lick* *slurp, slurp* *suck, kiss* *kiss, lick*...
Yamato: Oh... Kazuko... I'm going to cum.
*My hips started to buck.*
Kazuko: Mn, mnffh! Mn... Nmm... Mn... *slurp, slurp*... Nmm... *slurp*... *kiss*
Kazuko: Ngh... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *lick* *lick* *smack* ...Mngh... *kiss*
Yamato: Oof!
*Spew, spew, spew, spew, spew!*
Kazuko: Mn... Mm, kwoooh...
Kazuko: (Y-Yamato's hot cum!)
Kazuko: Mm, *slurp*... Mn, mm!
*Kazuko took my load in her mouth.*
Kazuko: *slurp*... *smack*... Mn, mm... *gulp*... *slurp*... *kiss*...
Kazuko: (He came so much...)
Kazuko: *gulp* ... *gulp*... *gulp*... *swallow*... Mnn... Mmm...
*Kazuko almost purred as she swallowed my cum.*
Kazuko: ...Mn... *gulp*... *gulp*.. Mn... *gasp*
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff, hah...
Kazuko: There's always so much.
Kazuko: But now I don't choke on it anymore.
Yamato: Mmm... Then this time, I'll make you feel good.
Kazuko: 'Kay... You don't need to wear a condom today.
Yamato: Your hips were getting restless while you sucked me off.
Kazuko: I mean... I can't help it while I'm giving head.
Yamato: Another Pavlovian reaction? And that was enough to get you wet? You're a real dog, you know that?
Kazuko: Why would I care? My nickname is 'Dog', after all.
Yamato: Someone's defensive...
Yamato: In that case, be a dog and stick your butt out.
Kazuko: 'Kay. You really like this, huh.
Yamato: That's not very dog-like!
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: Mnn, you're such a cute puppy.
*I pressed my face against her sweat-soaked bloomers.*
Kazuko: *whine*
Yamato: Sweat and bloomers... It's like, they go so well together. Like hermit crabs and popcorn.
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: Mn. See, you're soaking wet already. *lick*
Kazuko: Ooh, ah!
Yamato: I'll play with your clitoris, too.
Kazuko: Waahhh!
Yamato: And with your sweaty asshole.
Kazuko: Oof... Mn... Ah.
Yamato: I think I can stick it straight in you.
*I went all the way in from behind in one thrust.*
Kazuko: *whimper*
Yamato: It's doggy-style fucking for our little puppy... I'm gonna move.
Kazuko: ...Mnn, ah...
*I began to thrust, my eyes focused on her ponytail as it swayed from side to side.*
Yamato: Does it hurt? Mnn.
Kazuko: Mn, ah... *whine*
*That meant she was fine.*
*So I pounded away with my hips.*
Kazuko: Wah, mn... *whimper*
Yamato: Mnn...
*Mm...*
Kazuko: Wah... Ah, mnn!
*Her head jerked up at the sensation.*
Kazuko: Kweh... Mn... Ah, ahhh!
*The powerful squeeze she put on me made my penis twitch inside her.*
Kazuko: Mnkh! Woof, woof!
*Kazuko barked in time with my movements.*
Kazuko: Mm... Ah, mn, kh...! Ah...
*Her walls seemed to melt onto me.*
Kazuko: Waahhh... Mn, mn, mmmm...
Kazuko: Aww... Mn... *whimper*... *whimper*
*She sounded as if she longed for me.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... I'll go harder.
Kazuko: Kwah... Ooh, ah, hah, ah... Ahh!
Yamato: Does it feel good? Bark if it does!
Kazuko: ...A-Awah... W-Woof, woof!
*Kazuko started moving her hips on her own.*
Kazuko: Woof, woof...
Yamato: Th-This roleplaying really feels right with you, Kazuko.
Kazuko: *whimper*
*Sweet moans placating me to go harder.*
Yamato: Mn, okay.
*I began to thump against her behind.*
Kazuko: *whine*
*I gripped Kazuko's rear end as I pounded away.*
Kazuko: Mwha! Ah, ahhhh!
*I stretched my hands further up and began to gently caress the area around her clit.*
Kazuko: Wah, mnn, oof... Mnaahh...
*I slammed my hips against her butt as I fucked away at her.*
Kazuko: *whine* Woof... Wah... Oof!
*Fucked her deeper as moist sounds echoed about the room.*
Kazuko: Mnfh!
*I pulled back, grazing my tip against her sticky walls, then thrust back in.*
Kazuko: Ooooof!
*Kazuko began moving in time with me.*
Kazuko: Aiee, mn... Hwah! Oof... Ahh! Fwah! Hauuu!
*Slaps of flesh against flesh filled the air.*
Yamato: ...Kazuko... Kazuko...
*I drove into her even more furiously.*
Kazuko: Kwah! Hah, aiee, ah, ah, mnn, mm, mm, mm!
*Her walls contracted tight against me, squeezing my dick.*
Yamato: ...Ooh... Kazuko, I'm cumming.
*I went harder for the final spurt.*
Kazuko: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, mnah, ah, ahhhh...!!!
Kazuko: Waaahhhhhhh!
Yamato: Kh!
**spurt* *spurt*... *spurt**
Kazuko: Hah, kh... Ahhhhh... Ah...
Yamato: Mmm... Kazuko, you're so cute as a puppy... But you can act like a person now.
Kazuko: *whimper*... Mn...
Yamato: So that's your normal? Mn.
Kazuko: Your hot stuff... is filling me up... Mnn...
*There really was nothing like getting to fill a pussy with your cum.*
Kazuko: Hah... Hah... Hah... Ahh.
*I pulled it out of her and swung it back around to her face.*
Kazuko: Wow... You came, but of course yours would still be big.
Kazuko: That seems kind of manly...
Kazuko: Mm... *lick, lick, smack*
Yamato: Oof!
Kazuko: Mnn. You're sensitive after you just came, aren't you?
*Kazuko proceeded to lick my glans.*
Kazuko: Mmmn... *slurp, lick, smack, suck*...
Kazuko: Mm, mm, hmm... Mn, ah... *lick, lick*... Looks like you're going to cum again... *lick* *suck*
Kazuko: *kiss*... *lick, smack*... Go ahead, Yamato.
Kazuko: Mm... *gasp*... Ah, mn... *lick, smack*...
Yamato: Ugh, it's too sensitive...
Kazuko: *slurrrp* *kiss* *gasp* Mn... *lick* *slurp*...
Yamato: Mn! I'm cumming!
Kazuko: Wah!
*I shot the load onto Kazuko's face.*
Kazuko: Wow... It's so hot.
Yamato: Sorry for getting your uniform dirty.
Kazuko: We can just wash it... *lick* Mm.
Yamato: Oh, again?
Kazuko: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
Yamato: Kazuko, turn your butt back towards me?
Kazuko: ...'Kay.
Kazuko: Make me feel super good.
*Again, I pushed myself into her pussy.*
Kazuko: Ah... Mmm... It's so hot...
*I drove inside her.*
Yamato: Does it feel good when I feel up your breasts?
Kazuko: Ahhh... Y-Yeah... I think so.
Yamato: ...Kazuko... I'm fully buried in you again.
Kazuko: Mn... I love doing this with you.
Yamato: I'm going to move.
Kazuko: Mn... Ah, kh... You're so hot.
Kazuko: Ahhh... Kh... It's like you're stabbing me. Mn, Yamato...
Yamato: Kazuko...
*We call each other's names as I thrust away at her.*
Kazuko: Kh... Hah, th-this position feels so -- Mnn...
Kazuko: So good... Ah... Mn... Kh...
Kazuko: Ahh... Yamato... Yamato.
Kazuko: Awah. I-I can't stop my hips...
*I picked up the pace, matching the speed of her hips.*
Kazuko: Hauu... Hauu, ah, ahh, ahhh!
Kazuko: You're so deep... Mn, kh... So good.
Kazuko: Your hips keep -- ahh, mn -- slapping my butt--Ahh!
Kazuko: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, mmm!
Kazuko: Ah... You're suddenly so -- Mn!
Kazuko: Kwah... Now you're even more forceful... Mnahh.
*Subconsciously, I'd begun to use more force.*
Kazuko: Kwah... Ahh, mnahhh!
Kazuko: Ahh... Ahhh... Yamato, this is amazing... Mn, more, harder, Yamato, harder!
Kazuko: Mnah, ah, kh, ahh, ah, ah...
Kazuko: Yah, mn, kwah, it sounds so...
Yamato: That's because you're such a dirty girl.
Kazuko: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh...
Kazuko: Mnah, ah... Yamato, Yamato, Yamato...
*She focused on the walls of her pussy rubbing my cock as she called my name.*
Kazuko: Kwah, ahh... Ahh... Wahhh!
*Love juice splashed from the point of our union.*
Kazuko: Fwah... Ah, ah, Yamato... I'm... I'm--!
*Her pussy squeezed tight around me.*
Yamato: Kazuko!
*I thrust even harder.*
Kazuko: Ahh! Ahhh! Waaahhhh!
Yamato: Kazuko, I'm gonna cum!
Kazuko: 'K-Kay! Ah! Cum, Yamato!
Yamato: Tell me when you cum too!
Kazuko: Ahh, ahhhh, ahh, k-kay!
Yamato: Mmph!
Kazuko: Ahh, ahhh, ahhhh!
Kazuko: I-I'm cumming!!!
*Just as Kazuko unleashed that bestial scream, I climaxed as well.*
*Spurt! Pew, pew...*
Kazuko: ...Huff... Huff... Huff... Mn, ahh. Wow, it just keeps coming... Mn, mm.
*Her body jerked in the afterglow of her orgasm.*
Kazuko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Kazuko turned back towards me.*
Kazuko: I'll clean you up.
Kazuko: Mm... Mn... Mn... *lick, smack, lick*... *suck*, mwah... Mn... *lick* mnn...
Kazuko: *lick*... *smack, lick* mnf...
*She thoroughly licked around the tip.*
Kazuko: *slurp, kiss*... Mn, hah... Ahmph, mmm...
Kazuko: Mm, Yamato, no matter how many times I taste it, it still tastes good... Ahhh... Hamph... *kiss*
Kazuko: *lick, slurp* Hah... *lick, lick, lick* mnn... It's still so hard.
Kazuko: Amazing. Mn... *slurp, lick, lick*... *lick* Mnn... *lick*
Kazuko: Hah... *smack, slurp, lick, suck*! Mn... *slurp* *smack, lick* amph!
Kazuko: Mn, now I'll tackle this ball... Mn... *lick*
Kazuko: Ahmph... *slurp* mnf... *slurp*... Nmm... Ahmph... Mnf...
Kazuko: Nmm... *kiss* Nkh... *slurp* *lick* *lick*... *smack* *slurp* *suck*
Kazuko: *slurp* mn... *smack, gasp*... This ball tastes good too...
Kazuko: 'Kay, back to this one. Ahmph! Mn... *slurp*
Kazuko: Ahh... *slurp* mnn... *slurp*
Kazuko: Mn... *slurp, smack, slurp*...! *kiss* mnah, I'm getting wet again.
Kazuko: I have to taste it, lick it, and drink it up. *kiss, smack*... Mnkh... *lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
Kazuko: *smack, suck*... Mn... *smack*... Mn... *suck*...
Yamato: Mnph, Kazuko... I'm cumming again...
Kazuko: Mm, mm... Mn... *slurp*... *slurp*
Kazuko: *slurp* *slurp* *slurrrrrp*
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Kazuko: Nmmph?!
Kazuko: Mnah... Mn... Kh... Mm!
Kazuko: Mm... *gulp*... *gulp*
Kazuko: Heh, hah... Mngh... *gulp, gulp, gulp*... *swallow*
Kazuko: Mnn... Mm... *lick* *lick* *slurp* *gulp*...
Kazuko: *gasp*... Hwah... Huff... Huff...
Kazuko: Heheh, I drank all of it, Yamato... *lick*
*Not once did Kazuko move to turn away from my dick.*
Yamato: Me too.
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: I love you.
Miyako: ......
Yamato: I love you, Miyako.
Yamato: What happened today was the spark.
Miyako: ... (She squeezed her chest.)
Miyako: I can feel it... This isn't a dream.
Yamato: Why not just pinch yourself?!
Miyako: Yamato... This better not be a joke.
Yamato: Like I'd joke around over this.
Yamato: I decided to stop thinking too deeply and just try going out with you.
Miyako: Mm-hm... That's fine.
Miyako: After years of wishing... It finally happened!
*She skipped back over to the guardrail.*
Miyako: I'M SO HAPPY!!!!!
Miyako: I wanted to shout it out as loud as I could.
Yamato: That's not like you. You're that happy?
Miyako: Of course I am!
Yamato: Miyako.
*She jumped into my arms.*
Miyako: Yamato!
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato.
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: Ahh... How long have I waited for this day?!
Miyako: Yamato! Mmmmmmmmmm!
Yamato: !!!
*She kissed me passionately.*
Miyako: Mm...
Yamato: Mm...
*Our lips parted.*
Yamato: Miyako...
Miyako: Yamato...
Miyako: Now I'm yours, Yamato...
Miyako: And you're mine...
Miyako: Make love to me! (She threw herself onto me.)
Miyako: *kiss* Hah, mmmm... Ah, hah, mn!
Yamato: Mm, mm...
*Our passionate kisses continued.*
Miyako: Huff, huff. Yamato, mm, mm... Mn... *lick*
Yamato: Mm?!
*My tongue, wet with saliva, plunged deep into her mouth.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... M... Nfh. Mm...
Yamato: Mn... Mm.
*I felt like I was going to melt...*
Miyako: Hah, mn... *kiss*... Yamato... *smack*... Mnnn!
*Miyako's hot saliva flowed into my mouth.*
Miyako: Mn, ah... Mn, mm... Nnm...
*Our slippery tongues entangled.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *kiss*... *lick*...
*She poured more and more saliva into my mouth.*
Yamato: *kiss* Huff, your saliva's so... sweet.
Miyako: Mwah... *lick* Then I'll give you another cup to drink.
Miyako: Mn... *slurp*... *kiss*... *suck*
Yamato: Mmm... *gulp*
Miyako: Open your mouth more, Yamato...
Yamato: Ah, mm...
Miyako: *suck*... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss*
Yamato: Mmm... Miyako... Hah.
*The more saliva I drank, the more aroused I got.*
*The memories of the times she'd fully aroused arose in force.*
Yamato: Miyako... Stick out your tongue more.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Yes, do what you want with me...
*She stuck out her moist tongue.*
Yamato: Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Mm... Yamato... Ah... Mn... *lick*
Miyako: Haheh... *slurp*... Mn, Mmm... *suck* *gulp*
Miyako: *kiss* *lick*... Nfh, hah, hah... *peck*
Miyako: Mn... *gulp*... Your saliva's tasty, too.
Yamato: --Miyako!
Miyako: Mmm! MNNN!
*I roughly stole her lips.*
*Undaunted, Miyako strongly embraced me back.*
Miyako: Mn, hah... *peck*... *Slurp!*
Miyako: Yamato. Yamato. Mn... *slurp*... *kiss*... *lick*
*She diligently licked each and every one of my teeth.*
Miyako: Mm... Mm... Mm.
*She sent her tongue even into my gums.*
Miyako: Mn, Mm... *slurp*... Mn... *gasp*
Yamato: Miyako... I can't stop anymore.
Miyako: ...Please don't stop. Make love to me, Yamato.
Yamato: ...Yeah. I won't be satisfied unless we go all the way.
Miyako: I gave you my first kiss...
Miyako: So which 'first' do you want next?
Miyako: My mouth? My pussy? My ass? ...Or all of them?
Yamato: Mmm.
*She was still kissing me insistently.*
Miyako: *gasp*... Yamato... Yamato.
*Her eyes were already those of a woman.*
*They were moist with love and emotion.*
Miyako: I love you... I love you, Yamato. Yamato... Mm.
*She looked adult, bewitching.*
Miyako: Kiss me more... Mn, mm, mm.
*She gave me one quick kiss after another.*
Yamato: ...Mm...
*The areas around our mouths were dripping with saliva.*
Miyako: Mnn, *kiss*... Mnm... *slurp, lick*
Miyako: *suck*... *slurp* Pwah... huff, huff, huff...
*A transparent thread hung between our mouths.*
Miyako: Yamato... My... My heart's racing so fast.
*She took my hand.*
*Then she brought it to her chest.*
Yamato: It really is...
*Her breasts felt soft and firm.*
*And from her voluminous chest I could feel her heartbeat.*
*I then proceeded to feel up her boobs.*
Miyako: Ah... Kh... Mm... Yamato...
Miyako: You're groping me so wonderfully erotically... Mm. Mn!
Yamato: *kiss*... Mm.
Miyako: Amph... *kiss*... *lick* *kiss*
*Still kissing her, I groped her breasts.*
Miyako: Heh... Heh... Mn, ahh, ah...
*Her breaths grew wilder.*
*I proceeded to roll up her uniform, to strip her.*
Miyako: Mmm... Mm... *kiss*
*But what made it tricky was that I didn't want to take my lips off her for a second.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss, kiss*... Ah, yes.
*Realizing my intent, Miyako removed her clothes herself.*
*Her breasts jiggled free.*
Yamato: *kiss* Miyako, your breasts are a size 82, right?
Miyako: Now they're 84... They might reach 85... Mm... *suck*
Yamato: I think that's amazing.
*Every movement of her body caused them to shake provocatively.*
*I directly and firmly massaged those bare-naked breasts.*
Miyako: Mn... Ah, n... Yamato's... groping me... I'm so happy.
*They were soft, and her moist skin stuck to my hands.*
*Despite that, they were firm.*
Miyako: Mn, hah... Ah, Yamato... Kiss me... *suck*
*I massaged that fruit-like bosom from below.*
*Beautiful mounds made all the more prominent by the taut muscles of her chest.*
Yamato: Miyako... You're so pretty.
Miyako: Mm-hm... I've made sure to keep my skin unblemished just for you, Yamato.
*I felt her up with both hands, kneading her breasts.*
Miyako: Nfh... Ha... Mn... *kiss* *lick* *gulp*
*As my ministrations grew stronger, her breasts molded to match my hands.*
*Yet her twin melons were highly elastic. They pressed back against my every touch.*
Miyako: Yamato, grope me more... These tits are all for you.
Yamato: Yeah...
Miyako: Mn, ah, yes, please knead them... Mm.
Miyako: Ah... Ah, hah, squeeze them.
Miyako: AH! ...Kh, press them as hard as you want...
*I continued to stimulate her breasts the way she told me to.*
Yamato: How about your nipples?
Miyako: Mn, heh, kh... They're for you to suck...
Yamato: Amazing... I barely touched them, and they're already erect.
Miyako: Heh... Ahhh, ahh... Tease my nipples more.
*I plucked her responsive nipples and rolled my fingers over them.*
Miyako: Yamato... *lick, slurp, smack* Yamato...
*The flat of my fingers rubbed time and time again against those nipples.*
Miyako: *kiss*... *suck* Ahh, my chest is so hot...
Yamato: Right here...?
Miyako: Ah... That's...
*I'd stuck a hand up her skirt.*
Miyako: Mn-ah!
*Her body jumped.*
*Her underwear was already wet.*
Yamato: Amazing... Miyako, you're already soaking wet.
*I could feel the warmth of her hidden recess.*
Miyako: Mm-hm. You can -- ah! -- put it in... whenever.
Yamato: Yeah... But there's so much more of you left to touch first.
*My fingers, moistened by her love juice, caressed her pussy.*
Miyako: Heh... Heh... Your fingers are moving so nastily...
*Touching her, I felt a sticky nectar.*
*I pressed my hand against her nether region.*
Miyako: Bwah?!
*Her body trembled.*
*Then I licked Miyako's earlobe.*
Miyako: Mn... *suck, lick, slurp, kiss* Yamato, Mn!
*As I stuck my tongue down her earhole, I moved my hand.*
Miyako: Kwah, th-that's...
*The flat of my fingers caressed her clitoris.*
Yamato: You really are sensitive here.
*As I stroked her pussy, my fingers toyed with her nipples.*
Miyako: Mn...*Suck, lick, slurp, kiss*... Yamato. Mn!
*As our mouths kissed, saliva again trailed between us.*
Miyako: *slurp* *gulp* *kiss*... *kiss* Yamato! Yamato...
*Miyako's cries grew more and more intense.*
*I further focused my ministrations on the area around her vagina.*
Miyako: Oww...
Yamato: Sorry. *kiss*...
*That single word from Miyako caused me to regain an ounce of tranquility.*
*The area around her entrance was delicate. I had to be careful.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... *kiss*... *slurp*... *kiss*
*I diligently stimulated her nipples and clitoris.*
Miyako: Ahh! ...Kwah, ah... Mn, mn-ah... Ahhhh!
*Miyako tossed back her head, clearly unable to control herself.*
*I playfully bit her ear and blew on her.*
Miyako: Ah, it feels so good, Yamato. It feels so good...
*I slowly increased my stimulation of her clitoris.*
Miyako: Ah, ahh, Yamato... Yamato... Yamato!
*The bottom of my finger tumbled across down there.*
Miyako: I can't take any more of--ah, ahh!
*I gripped her tapered nipple with one hand and her clitoris with the other.*
Miyako: Haaaaaahhh!
*As she reached her peak, Miyako's strength drained from her.*
Yamato: So you came while standing.
Miyako: Mnah... Ahh, I'm so happy.
*Crouching down, I brought my mouth to her slit.*
Miyako: Ann...
*I slurped up her love juice.*
Miyako: Ahh... Ah, the movement of your mouth is amazing.
Yamato: You're so pretty down there, Miyako...
Miyako: Mn, show me yours, too...
*She pulled down my zipper.*
Miyako: Amazing. Even through your pants, I can tell it's full of energy.
*She stuck her hands past the folds of my zipper.*
Miyako: ...Huff... Huff.
*I no longer had any reason to refuse her.*
Miyako: Ahh! ...Yamato's cock!
Miyako: It's so big... and hard... and hot...
Miyako: *sniff, sniff*
Miyako: It smells so musky, but so good...
Miyako: How promising. (She started rubbing it.)
Miyako: Can I taste it, too?
Miyako: Ammph... *lick*... *lick*
Miyako: Mn, I feel like I could lick it forever.
Yamato: Wait, Miyako. That aside, I want us to become one as soon as possible.
Miyako: ...Mm-hm. Okay. *kiss*
*She lightly kissed the glans of my penis.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Hmm... Ah!
Yamato: Stay like that, and stick your butt out towards me.
*I'd decided to first enter her from behind.*
Yamato: I want to conquer you in an instant.
Miyako: Mn... Conquer me.
*I didn't want us to lie down on the dirty ceiling, so we remained standing.*
*I yanked down Miyako's soaked panties.*
Yamato: I'm going in, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm...
*I pushed my penis against her hot, wet slit.*
Miyako: Ahh... It's finally time... Come... Come, Yamato.
*Mngh. But her entrance was... I didn't understand. I couldn't find it.*
Yamato: Miyako, help me.
Miyako: Mn...
Miyako: Mnkh, here...
Yamato: Mn... I'm going in... Ah, I'm going!
Miyako: ...Ah, ahh! Ah... Ah!
*Building up momentum, I drove my penis inside her wet entrance.*
Miyako: Ahhhh... Yamato, yours is so hot.
*I felt the pop of ripping through her hymen.*
Miyako: Oooh!
*Afterwards, I slipped through in one burst to her innermost depths.*
*The head of my penis advanced all the way to the entrance of her womb.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... Huff... Yamato's thing is inside me.
Yamato: Yeah. You're so wet, it was smoother than I thought it would be.
Yamato: And I've become a man.
Miyako: And I a wom--Ugh! Ooh, mnn... Kh... Mmn...
*She convulsed.*
Yamato: ...Wait, did you just cum?
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... I couldn't help it.
Miyako: I've dreamed of this for so long...
Yamato: Doesn't it hurt?
Miyako: Mn, I'm fine... You can move however you want. Besides...
Miyako: ...Today's a safe day. You can cum inside me, so...
Yamato: ...Miyako!
*I suddenly started moving my hips.*
*The sound of my thrusts echoed on the rooftop.*
Miyako: Mnah, ahh! Ss, mnnaahhh, ahhh!
*She was so sensitive that she was already starting to enjoy it.*
Miyako: Amazing. You're... Mn-ahhh! Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Your insides feel good too...
Miyako: Huff... Ahh, yah... Hwah, mnnn!
*As I drilled her, she arched her back.*
Miyako: Hah, ahh, ahhhh... Yamato, Yamato!
*Her unreserved moans reverberated around us.*
Yamato: We're finally... mmph... having sex...
Yamato: Every morning, every night, every day you tempted me... mngh... I held something back, and today I'm going to let it all out inside you.
Miyako: Ah, ahh, yes, yes, c-cum! Mnah!
*The walls of her pussy squeezed down on me as if they were a living creature.*
Yamato: Miyako... Make me feel even better.
*I grabbed hold of her voluptuously mature ass and banged my hips against her.*
Miyako: Yamato, I love you, I love you so much! Hah, ann, aaahh!
*Sweet sighs slipped from Miyako's lips.*
Yamato: I love you too, Miyako!
Miyako: Fwahh, I-I'm cumming aga--Ah, ahhhh...
*Her vagina contracted, putting me in a tight squeeze.*
Miyako: Haauuuuu... Mnkh, ts, ahn!
Yamato: Miyako, your body's trembling... You came again, huh. You're so cute.
Miyako: Huff... huff... Ah, ahh...
Yamato: Your insides feel so good. I can't stop my hips.
*Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.*
Miyako: Haaaahhhh! I'm still cumming--Ahhhh!
Yamato: That's right, Miyako. Tell me when you are cumming... Mn.
*I tried changing the movements of my hips from direct thrusts to a rolling motion, to rub various points of her depths.*
Miyako: Kh... Hah... Mnkh, huff... Ah!
*I tried to wipe the glans of my dick against the walls of her pussy.*
Miyako: Mnkh... Ah... Ahhhh, mnah, hah!
*My penis ground against the edges of her formerly virgin hole.*
Miyako: Ahhh... It feels so good!
*While doing that, I found one spot in Miyako where she reacted especially strongly.*
Miyako: Aww, haauuu! Mnah, ahah, ah!
Yamato: Does it feel good when I rub here?
*Here was a grainy spot just before her uterus. An erogenous zone on the side closest to her belly button.*
Miyako: M-Mm-hm... It feels so good.
*She seemed to enjoy it.*
Yamato: Then I'll scratch here a ton.
Miyako: Haauuuu... A-Amazing... Aahhhhh...
*A sweet electric current tingled through my crotch.*
Miyako: I-I'm going to... ah... cum again soon...
*Her wet, viscous walls sucked in my penis.*
Miyako: Mnah... I'm cumming... Ooh, I'm cumming!
*She once again climaxed.*
Miyako: Nyah... Hwah, mnn, ack, mnn!
Yamato: ...Kh, ahh, it feels so good... for me, too. I'm...
Miyako: Ahah, mm-hm, cum, cum, Yamato...
*I pulled my penis back out until it was only barely contained within her.*
*It glowed with the white veneer of Miyako's love juices.*
Miyako: Ahhh... Fuck me. Fuck me now, Yamato...
*From there, I drove back into her.*
Miyako: Hah, mn... Mm, haaahhh!
*When my penis went inside, her vaginal walls sucked me in.*
Yamato: Ah, my head's going blank... Miyako, Miyako!
Miyako: Mnah, aha, haaa, Yamato... Yamato...
*As we called each other's names, my hips never ceased moving.*
Yamato: Your breasts... Are bouncing too much. It's so erotic...
*I scooped up her bouncing breasts and rubbed them thoroughly.*
Miyako: Ah, even my breasts... Mn... Ah.
Yamato: Does it feel good when I toy with both at the same time?
Miyako: Huff, huff... Mm-hm, i-it feels so good!
*I pinched her pink nipples.*
Miyako: Mnnaahhhh, haahhh!
*I continued to rub her weak points.*
Miyako: I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming again... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mn, wow... You're convulsing so much... You're just cumming again and again, Miyako.
Miyako: Ahh... ah, mn-ah... But Yamato, that's because you're--
Yamato: Don't blame this on me!
Miyako: Aaahhhhh! You drove all the way into me!
Miyako: Mn, Yamato, your cock is so amazing, ah, hah!
Yamato: It's because you're so lewd! Mn, mn!
Miyako: Ah! Ah, ah, ah, ah...
Yamato: But that's a good thing. I love you, Miyako.
Miyako: Ah, I love... you too. Do it... inside me, please.
Yamato: Say it properly. What do you want?
Miyako: Mn, your semen...! I want your hot cum inside me!
Yamato: Huff, heh... Roger... Let's go.
Miyako: Mn. Kah, haah, mnaaahhhhhh...
*I plunged my penis down to the root.*
Yamato: I'm cumming... I'm cumming, Miyako.
Miyako: Hah, yes, yes, fill me up with your spunk!
*Miyako thrust her ass even higher.*
*I grabbed her beautiful buttocks and thrust even harder.*
Miyako: Kh... ts, mnah, mnoooohhhhh...
*As I reached her uterus, I hit my limit.*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Miyako!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Fwaaaahhhhhhh! Yamatoooo!
*Buckets of sperm flowed into Miyako's womb.*
Miyako: Ahhh... Mn... Hah, ah... Mn...
*Her walls tightened and undulated, squeezing every last drop of semen from me.*
Miyako: Your semen... it's so hot... and there's so much...
*Spurt, spew, spew...*
Miyako: Aheh... Mnnnnn... Huff... Hah...
Yamato: I'm so happy... That felt amazing, Miyako.
Miyako: Ah!
*My penis splashed out of her pussy.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato, umm...
*She thrust out her ass and wiggled it.*
Miyako: I want... more of you, Yamato...
Yamato: Relax. We're just getting started.
Yamato: Take a look at the Battleship Yamato's heroic cannon.
*Even though I had just ejaculated, I hadn't lost my erection.*
Miyako: ...Amazing... You're so manly.
Yamato: What did I tell you? All the times you provoked me really built up. I've still got a ways to go.
Miyako: With this cannon, you could shoot down any battleship.
Yamato: Yeah... I'm aroused. I want you more and more...
Yamato: That's right. Take off your clothes, Miyako. All of them.
Miyako: Here...?
Yamato: Yeah. I want to see every inch of you when I fuck you.
Miyako: Mm... Okay.
*In this place, one filled with our memories, Miyako took off her clothes.*
*Then, she was all-at-once naked.*
Yamato: Let's do it in the same position we were in...
Miyako: Mm-hm...
Yamato: Does it hurt?
Miyako: A little, I think, but between the arousal and the pleasure I don't even care...
Yamato: Then I guess you're fine...
Yamato: Miyako, could you spread your ass for me?
Miyako: Huh? S-Sure...
Miyako: L-Like this? Y-You have to know how embarrassing this is...
Yamato: Open it further.
Miyako: ...Hm? I-Is this good?
Yamato: Yes, yes. I can see it clearly. It's a pretty color.
Miyako: Ooh... Ah?!
*I then licked her twitching anus.*
Miyako: Mnah... Y-Yamato! That's my--!
*She squirmed. Was it truly that embarrassing?*
Yamato: You're okay with it, right?
Miyako: ...Mm-hm...
Yamato: Don't move, Miyako. Relax your muscles. I'm going to lick all the way inside you.
Miyako: ...Mn, ah!
Yamato: ...Since you're so sweaty, it tastes a little salty...
*I buried my face in her ass and continued licking her asshole.*
Yamato: But it's so tasty, Miyako... And I like doing it this way, too.
Miyako: Mn, ahh... Do whatever you want... Nkh.
Yamato: I'd expect that retort from you... But today, from the front...
Miyako: Yeah. Put your cock in me...
*She slowly thrust out her hips.*
Yamato: Mn... I'm doing it, Miyako!
*The second penetration went well.*
*The glans of my dick, set against her slit, moistly made its way into her.*
Miyako: Ahhh, mn... Mnaaahhhh, you're inside me!
*I used my semen as a lubricant to smoothly fuck her.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, your thing really is so hot, so large, so hard.
Miyako: Just you entering me makes me shake...
Yamato: Your insides are the same way. The second I entered you, you coiled around me...
Yamato: It's amazing, even if I don't move. It feels so good.
Miyako: Ah, you're twitching inside me...
Miyako: Weheh, your thing is inside me... I'm so happy...
Yamato: Did you dream of this that much?
Miyako: Nkh, mm-hm... I literally dreamed of it... Mn.
Yamato: Then let's enjoy this, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Ahhh!
Miyako: Fwah, aauuuu, ahh... Nkh!
Yamato: Miyako, you're so tight. Mn, it feels so good.
Miyako: Yamato, you suddenly moved amazingly, hah... Ah, aaahhh!
Miyako: Kheh, you're so deep... Mnaaahhh, you're inside me, hah!
Yamato: I want... to feel you more.
*I plunged into her innermost depths and relished her sticky membranes.*
Miyako: Yeess! Mnah, aahh... feel me!
Miyako: Mnhah, ahh, feel me, more, mnah!
Yamato: So this place really does feel good?
Miyako: Huff, huff, yes, a-amazing... Your dick rubbing against me feels so good... Ahh, I love you!
Yamato: You're sticking to me so much... Ahhh, Miyako, Miyako, Miyako.
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff, huff... Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: I'm going harder! Hah! Hah!
Miyako: Aiiee?! Aaahhhhhhh...! Y-You're so rough.
Miyako: Mm-hm, nkh, I'm so... turned on!
Miyako: Ahh, it feels good, so good!
*Violent splashes echoed around us.*
Yamato: Your ass is so perverted, Miyako.
Miyako: Mn, this is yours, Yamato...
Yamato: Mn, guess it is...
*I crashed my hips against Miyako's ass as hard as I could.*
Yamato: Your boobs are so sexy, too.
Miyako: Ahh. Th-Those are yours too.
Yamato: I see... Let me get your nipples erect.
Miyako: Nkh, aahhhhh... You're so... forceful, Yamato.
Yamato: Do you hate the pain?
Miyako: Mm-mm, ah, mn, it's fine if it's you.
Yamato: So even if it hurts, it feels good...
Yamato: Your insides are like a living creature, with how your walls circle around me.
Miyako: Mnheh... Ahh... That place is yours too.
*I repeatedly thrust in, practically knocking against the opening to her womb.*
Miyako: Kwah... Mn... Yamato... Aaaah!
Yamato: Then this hole is mine too.
*Having used saliva to ease entrance into her back door, I stuck my middle finger inside.*
Miyako: Hauuu?!
Yamato: Right?
Miyako: M-Mm-hm... My asshole... is yours too.
*I fucked her asshole with my finger.*
Miyako: Wah... ah, c, ukh...
Yamato: You're squeezing so hard on my finger.
Miyako: Kh, ooh, ah, huff... c, ooh...
*An even greater quantity of love juice spilled from where our genitalia met.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... Ahh... Heh, mn...
Yamato: Seems even your ass is giving you pleasure.
*The more I toyed with her asshole, the tighter her pussy squeezed.*
Miyako: Aha... Ah, aahh... Don't move your finger.
Miyako: Move your dick instead, Yamato.
Yamato: Yeah... Mn... Mmm!
*A shudder ran through Miyako's mature and moistened expression.*
*Shove, shove, shove!*
Miyako: Khah...! You're, ah, this is... Mnn!
*I placed my hands on Miyako's sweaty ass and thrust my hips.*
Miyako: Haaahh, ah, aahh... Mn, Yamato...
Yamato: Ooh, kh... Your insides are amazing.
*Her undulations and contractions were the greatest they'd ever been.*
Miyako: Haaaaahh... I came again...
Miyako: Aha, I'm just too happy... I'm cumming again and again...
Yamato: Especially... here, right? Right in front of your uterus...
*I thrust at all of Miyako's pleasure zones.*
Miyako: Ahm! Mnah! There, there feels so good.
Yamato: Miyako, you've waited for so long... Mn.
Miyako: Mn, aah... Mnah, it feels so good where your cock is touching me! Ah, aaah!
Yamato: Did you cum again...?
*In order to feel as good as I could... I had a daring idea.*
*I stopped moving my hips.*
Miyako: Ah, what's wrong? No, move, Yamato!
*She moved her ass back and forth.*
Yamato: I thought I might as well have you beg properly.
Miyako: Huh?
Yamato: What do you want me to move?
Miyako: Y-Your cock...
Yamato: Where do you want me to move it?
Miyako: I-In my... pussy...
Yamato: Well said, but that was wrong.
Yamato: You have to talk dirty to me.
Miyako: Yes, I want you to fuck my nasty pussy, Yamato.
Yamato: Leave it to me!
*I surprised her with a deep thrust at her weak point.*
Miyako: Ah, ahhhhhhhh!
*And Miyako's body reacted with twitching spasms.*
Yamato: You came, huh... Then I'll keep prodding here.
*I focused my ministrations on her weak point.*
Miyako: Mn, ah, haaaaah, mn, mnah, ah!
*Little by little, my movements grew faster and rougher.*
Miyako: Khwaaaahhhh! Hah, aahh!
Yamato: This is the lust your temptations built up in me!
Miyako: Aiiee, ah, aah! Ah, aaahnaaah!
*I continued fucking Miyako, directing all my energy towards my hips.*
*Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap!*
Miyako: Aah, ah, ah, ahn, nnnh, hyah!
*From where we were bonded spurted a liquid.*
Miyako: Ahh, more there, fuck me there! Aaah!
Miyako: Ahh, I'm cumming again... Mn, ah, aaaahhh!
*Even so, I continued to move my hips to the pleasure.*
Miyako: Mnaaah, I'm cumming, yet--ahh, ah, ah, ah!
Miyako: Yet if you keep going like that--ahh, wait!
Miyako: Huff, huff, Yamato, again I'm... mnah, aah...
Yamato: About to cum?
Miyako: Mm-hm, so please, ah, Yamato, you cum too...
Miyako: Shoot your hot semen into me...
Miyako: I want... to cum together.
*She pleaded to me with moist eyes.*
Yamato: Miyako, you're so cute.
*I took a firm grip of her hourglass waist.*
Yamato: Let's cum together. I love you, Miyako.
*I then shot my hips forward.*
Miyako: Wah!
Yamato: I'm moving... Mm!
*Ejaculation near, I picked up the pace.*
Miyako: Hwaah, gh, mnaaahhhh!
Miyako: Aaaah, aaah, Yamato...
*She was driving towards her peak.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Mngh, ah, aah... I'm cumming.
Miyako: Aha, ah, aah, ah, I'm cumming, aaahhh!
Yamato: ...I'm... almost there...
*Once again her walls contracted tightly.*
*Those animal-like movements guided me to ejaculation.*
*I wanted to finish like this, inside Miyako's vagina.*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Miyako!
*I pounded my penis into her deepest regions.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spew!*
Miyako: Aaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!
*Miyako's screams echoed under the setting sun.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... Ahh, aheh... mn...
Miyako: I kissed... Yamato.
Miyako: I became one... with Yamato... ah...
Miyako: You poured your semen into me... Yay...
Miyako: All my dreams, fulfilled at once...
*Her body twitched in the afterglow of my ejaculation.*
Yamato: You're going to feel even happier... Miyako... Miyako.
Miyako: Huh...? Bwuh? Ah! Hah!
*My hips again began to move.*
Miyako: Huff, ah... This is too amazing, you're moving again...
Yamato: I have to fill you up with my semen.
*My penis was still hard, and I still moved it.*
Miyako: Ah... Wah! Mnuh?! Like I said, mn, after cumming, I'm sensitive, so if you move in me I'll... Aaah!
Yamato: You just keep cumming, Miyako... Mnph!
Miyako: Haaah! I-I'm cumming again! I'm cumming...! ...Mn, ah...
Yamato: Miyako, higher. Lift your ass higher.
Miyako: Fwah, mnah, aah, l-like this?
*I grabbed her elevated ass and pounded into her.*
Miyako: Aaaah, ah, hah, mn, mnah! I can't -- I'm going crazy...
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato... Ah, aah, it feels so good! I'm cumming, I'm cumming again, aaaaahh!
*Her legs started to shake; I took firm hold of her ass.*
Miyako: I-I just keep... cumming... Huff, huff, huff.
Yamato: This time, I'm cumming again, Miyako...
Miyako: Wah?! Mnuh, ah, aww!
Miyako: Yaaa... Hah, mnfh...
Yamato: Kh! I'm cumming!
*I felt the urge to ejaculate simmer and boil within me.*
*Spurrrrrrt!*
Miyako: Aaaaaahhhh!
*I pushed Miyako to climax for what could have been the thousandth time. Her body shivered and trembled.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato... Yamato... Yamato!
Yamato: I'm right here, Miyako.
*The convulsions had rendered her immobile, so I moved in front of her eyes.*
Miyako: Ahh... Aa... Yamato... Mn. Hah, mn...
*I smacked her on the lips, and we exchanged saliva.*
Miyako: Huff... Huff... Huff, hey, Yamato, I want...
Yamato: To do it again? I'm all for it.
Miyako: A-Amazing...
Yamato: Should we go all night? No, even longer. We'll skip school tomorrow.
Miyako: Yamato, your switch has been flipped...
Yamato: Yeah... Let's go!
Miyako: Mm-hm!
*Miyako's moans continued all throughout the night of Tanabata.*
Yamato: Let's do it here.
Miyako: Want me to do you?
Yamato: I want you to feel good too.
Miyako: Yamato... You're so nice.
Yamato: And I have to savor your school swimsuit.
Miyako: Yamato... You're so wonderful.
*I stretched out on the poolside.*
Miyako: Mn... So, like this?
*We lied down in a 69 position.*
*When she got down on all fours, her lower body settled right in front of my eyes.*
Yamato: Yes, this view is wonderful.
Miyako: Really? Heh heh... (She shook her butt.)
Yamato: Put that ass of yours in my face.
Miyako: Okay
Yamato: Then I want you to move it.
Miyako: Mn...
*Her voluptuous ass started a pressure party up in my face.*
Miyako: With most girls, asking them to rub their school swimsuit-clad butt over your face wouldn't end well.
Miyako: But I thought, that sounds wonderful.
*I could speak my desires to Miyako and know she would never be disgusted.*
Yamato: Mn, gasp, that's one of the best things about you.
Yamato: ...This time, I'm going to lick you up too...
*She moved her nether regions right in front of my eyes.*
Miyako: Yamato, yours is already full of energy.
*She had removed my penis from my swim trunks.*
Miyako: *kiss*... I'll work hard today too.
*And then she placed her lips on the familiar spot on my dick.*
Miyako: *lick*... *suck*...
*The tip of my dick twitched in response to her tongue's movements.*
Miyako: *slurp* *kiss*... Mnah... *lick* *lick* You look so cute right now... *lick*
*She lightly licked all around the glans with her tongue.*
Miyako: ...Mna... *suck* *kiss*... *kiss*... *lick*...
Yamato: I'm loving you giving me head here too.
Miyako: I'll make you feel even better... *suck* *lick* *slurp* *suck* *kiss* Mnhah...
Miyako: *kiss* *lick* *suck* I'm licking you at school. You're pretty good, too... *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. This feels so incredible, Miyako...
Miyako: Mnah, ah... *slurp* *kiss* *kiss* Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* Yamato, I want you to... umm... ...lick me too...
Yamato: Okay. But I'm cumming once first.
Miyako: Mmm. *suck* *slurp*... *kiss* Mm... *lick*
*Her tongue crawled over every inch of me, from my urethra to my veins.*
Miyako: Huff, huff... *kiss* Mm... *kiss* *smack* Nmm...
Yamato: You've gotten so good at this so fast...
*She diligently licked my weak points with her wet, lukewarm tongue.*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss* Mn... ha... Mnah... Ah...
Miyako: Yours is so wet... I'm so happy... Mnnn... *kiss* *lick* *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. It's because your mouth feels so good... Drink it up.
Miyako: You don't even have to ask... *slurp* *lick* *suck*... *kiss* *slurp*... *slurrp*... *gulp*
Miyako: It tastes so good... *lick* *slurp*... *gulp*
*Miyako happily licked me with her tongue and tasted my flavor.*
Miyako: *smack* *smack* Mmn, now that I've done yours... It makes me want you to lick mine even more...
Miyako: I'll make you cum. Aaahmph... Hammp...
Yamato: Owah... You put it in your mouth.
*A sticky sensation enveloped my entire penis.*
*My penis, dripping with precum in her mouth, met her tongue.*
Miyako: Mn... *smack* Mmm... *kiss* *slurp*...
Miyako: Ammph... *kiss* *lick* *lick* Mn... *kiss*...
*She used her mouth to suck and squeeze my penis.*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* ...*slurp* *suck*... Mn... mn... *slurp*... *kiss*
Miyako: Heh, heh... *lick* *kiss* *lick* *lick* Mn mm. *slurp*... *slurrrp*...
Yamato: Y-You're making me cum... A lot faster than I expected...
Miyako: *gasp* Hm... Give me your milk... *slurp* *suck*
*Her tongue's dance caused a sweet numbness to spread through to my hips.*
Miyako: Mnnnn... Nmm... *slurp* *slurp* *suck* *lick* *lick* *lick*... *kiss*...
*She moved as if she wanted nothing but to suck it all out.*
Miyako: *slurrrrrp*... *kiss* *smack*... *lick* *kiss*
Yamato: Yes, Miyako... I'm about to...
Miyako: *gasp* Yes, Yamato, cum... Hmph... *lick* *lick* *splash* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *lick* *slurp*
Yamato: Kh...
Miyako: Mmn... *kiss* *slurp*... *lick* *kiss*
*She sucked away, my rod fully in her mouth.*
Miyako: *kiss*... *smack*... *kiss* Mmn... *kiss* *kiss*... *slurp* *slurp*... *suck*
Yamato: Kh, Miyako, I'm cumming!
*Spurt! Sp-Sp-Spurt!*
Miyako: Mn, mnnnnnnnnn! Mnkh, mnnn.
*My vigorous ejaculation began deep in her throat.*
Miyako: Mn, mn... Mnkh... *gulp* *gulp*...
*She swallowed it all, an act she seemed to enjoy from the bottom of her heart.*
*Spurt... Spurt... Spurt...*
Miyako: Mnhah... Mnn... *gulp* Mm, heh... *gulp*
*Her slit twitched with every swallow.*
Miyako: *gulp* ... *slurp*... *gulp* Mn... *gulp*...
*I gazed at her holes as I let out the very last drop.*
Miyako: Pwah, yours is so thick... And hot...
Yamato: You fully drank it all... Thank you, Miyako.
Miyako: I think I could get addicted to your syrupy milk.
Yamato: Then you should drink even more.
*My penis did not wither, but instead remained erect.*
Miyako: ...This always happens, but it's still amazing.
Miyako: It's not that you recovered, but rather that you never grew weak.
Miyako: It's just too wonderful... Time for seconds. Amph.
*Then she opened her mouth and swallowed my penis.*
Miyako: Hauun... Mn, ts, mm... *kiss*... *lick*
Yamato: Mn... Me too.
*I fondled her ass as if wanting to take it all in.*
Miyako: Mnoooh... *kiss*... Zz...
*As she swallowed my penis to the hilt, this time, her lips surrounded my rod and she moved her head.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... Mnfh...
*When her lips reached my glans, she next licked me with her tongue.*
Miyako: *slurp* *lick* *smack* *lick* *lick* I've sucked out the remaining drops from before...
Miyako: *lick* *kiss* *lick*... *lick* *lick* *kiss*
*The sound of her licking me reverberated across the poolside.*
Miyako: Mn, aheh, ooh... Ngh... Mn... *slurp*
*This time, she deep-throated my still-twitching dick.*
Yamato: This time, take it slowly... And as promised, I'll do it too.
*I yanked her swimsuit aside and stuck my tongue into her slit.*
*The chlorine and her natural fragrance had combined into something sweet.*
Miyako: Haauu... Mnah... Ahhhh, ahhh, Yamato, your tongue is so hot... Mmmm!
Yamato: Now you're a little wetter.
Miyako: Ahh, mn, but when I lick yours, I absolutely get wet... Mnah, ahh, kh, mn.
*Savoring her slit, I advanced my tongue further.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, huff... Ahhh, Yamato...
*My saliva-covered tongue peeled off the hood of the clitoris.*
*Then I firmly rolled the base of my wet tongue around there.*
Miyako: Haaah, Yamato... Yes... It feels so good... Mn.
Yamato: Pwah. Miyako, you have to lick me too.
*I swirled my tongue around the voluptuous membranes of her slit.*
Miyako: Hah, m-mm-hm... Kh, heh, mn... *lick*...
Miyako: *slurp* ...Huff... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss*...
*We enthusiastically licked each other's genitalia at the side of the pool.*
Miyako: Mnheh... *lick*... *suck, suck, lick*...
*I crawled my tongue over her clitoris, which was erect as it could get.*
Miyako: Aaaaah, nts... !... Kh, Yamato!
Yamato: Miyako, you're amazingly wet...
Miyako: But Yamato, even you're... *lick* *lick* *lick*
*Once again she sucked out my precum.*
Miyako: *suck* This is where... you make your milk...
*She lightly grasped my balls and stimulated them.*
Miyako: *slurp, slurp, suck* *slurrrrrp*
*As she mildly stroked my balls, she licked my rod.*
Yamato: Khh... Nice, Miyako. Then I'll go here.
*I started toying with Miyako's asshole.*
Miyako: Ah, Y-Yamato, that's!
Yamato: *lick, lick.*
Miyako: Ahhh, you're licking my ass...
Yamato: It's so cute when you twitch. *lick, 'ick.*
*My tongue, fully loaded with saliva, began to all but scrub her asshole and each of the surrounding creases.*
Miyako: Hauu... Mmn... *kiss*... *lick*... *splash*
*As I toyed with her backside, Miyako moved her tongue.*
Miyako: ...Mmn... *smack*... *lick*... Nmm... *slurp*
*I narrowed my tongue and stuck it down her anus.*
Miyako: Mmn! ...Mnfh... your tongue's in my ass...
*I flicked the tip of my tongue about her butthole.*
Miyako: Hah... Ah... I can't lose, either. Amph...
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*...
*The glans of my dick fit snugly into her mouth, and then her tongue extended towards my urethra.*
Miyako: Mn... Nkh... *kiss*... Mnn...
*Both of us grew more and more intense.*
Miyako: Hamph... Mn... *kiss*... Mnooh...
*Now that her ass was relaxed, I stuck a finger down her backdoor.*
Miyako: ......!!! *kiss* *slurp*
Miyako: Mn... *kiss*... Mnheh... *slurp*
*As I fingered her asshole, I tongued her clitoris.*
Miyako: Haahn! ...Huff... Nkh... Nmm...
Miyako: Yamato... If you lick me while doing that, I'll...
Miyako: Mnn! Ah! Aahh...
*A shudder rocked her body.*
Miyako: J-Just me cumming... Wouldn't be fair... Yamato, you have to too... Hamph.
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* *lick, slurrrp* *suck, slurp* *suck*... *splash* *slurp*... *suck, lick*
*Miyako's tremendous suction force brought me straight to my peak.*
Miyako: Ah, mn... Mnn... *slurp* *slurp*... *kiss*... *splash* *slurrrp*
Miyako: *kiss* *slurp* *splash* *slurp* Ah... Hamph... Hmm... *slurp*
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Ngh! Mn!! Mn! Mn!
*She drank the semen I ejaculated into her mouth.*
Miyako: Mn... Nkh... NKH...
Miyako: ...Hah... Yamato... It's your second time cumming, but you came so much.
Miyako: Let me drink... Everything that's left, too.
Yamato: Miyako... Mn, ah!
*Her tongue assaulted my glans, which was sensitive after having just came.*
Miyako: Hamph, mn... Mn... *lick*... *kiss*...
Miyako: Mn... *kiss* *slurp*... Nkh... *gulp*
*As she massaged my balls, she sucked the remaining semen out of my urethra.*
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... Zz... *suck*...
Miyako: Nmm... Nfh...! *kiss* ...Nfh.
Yamato: Huh? I'm going to cum again?!
Miyako: Huh? Wah!
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Aaaaaah... Amazing.
*A spray of semen hit her face.*
Miyako: Haah... Ah.
*She looked enraptured as the droplets hit.*
Miyako: I'm drinking all of this, too... *suck* *gulp*
*And so she herself drank the semen on her face.*
*Cleaned off every drop.*
Miyako: ...I drank so much of your spunk, Yamato...
Miyako: My tummy feels so... Warm.
Yamato: My penis is still as lively as ever.
Miyako: Amazing... How much of a lecher are you?
*Her smile belied her words.*
Yamato: You're one too. I'll fully stick it in you and make you fell good.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Let's do it, together.
Yamato: There's a romantic position I've wanted to try.
Miyako: Okay. Then let's do that.
*.........*
Miyako: Haah... Ah, aaaah, th-this position is...
Miyako: Sheesh. What's romantic about this?
*She flapped her feet.*
Miyako: Wait. But if I think about the right way, maybe it is romantic.
Yamato: I'd expect no less, Miyako. You're already accepting this position.
Yamato: I'm decently strong. I've done a fair bit of training, after all.
*With those words, I moved Miyako's body.*
*That was enough to cause my penis to move through her.*
Miyako: Ahh... Kh, mn... Ahh, Yamato.
Yamato: Well? This must be embarrassing.
*I moved my hips, piercing deep into Miyako.*
Miyako: Aheh... Mn, aaahh... I'm so embarrassed...
*And yet, her inner walls happily squeezed me.*
*I began pistoning, as if to shake her body.*
Miyako: It's embarrassing, but it feels so good... Aah.
Yamato: So you really are perverted. Take this. And this!
*I roughly banged my hips.*
Miyako: Ahah... You're fucking me on the side of the pool.
Miyako: My 138th dream has come true... Mnah... Hah.
Yamato: What... Did you say?
*Damn. I was too scared to ask how many dreams she had in all.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, Yamato, move...
*Her insides squeezed me tight.*
Yamato: O-Okay.
*Her mucous membranes urging me on, I resumed moving.*
Miyako: Hah! Ah, aah... Ahh.
Yamato: I'm going to go all the way in.
*I lowered her body and deepened our connection.*
Miyako: Ah, you're pressing against the entrance to my womb...
*Her body twitched and convulsed.*
Yamato: To think just a school swimsuit could be this arousing.
Miyako: Mn, hah, that's just because you're weird, mn...
Yamato: What? Says the girl who's incredibly wet from doing it like this.
*The love juice seeping from our nethers dripped onto the poolside.*
Miyako: Mnah, kh, aah... Heh, ah... Mn.
Yamato: Mn, that's right. Match your hips' movements to mine...
Miyako: Hah, aaah... Your cock feels so good.
Yamato: Want to try saying it louder?
Miyako: ...Ooh... Kh.
Miyako: Yamato, your cock feels so good!
Yamato: You actually said it. I'm getting chills.
*As I thrust through into her depths, Miyako's feet quivered.*
Miyako: Kheh, aaah, there! There!
*That spot was the erogenous zone just before her womb, on the belly button side.*
*Her insides grew even tighter.*
Miyako: Wah! Mnah, nah, mnaaaah!
*Lowering Miyako's body, I ground our hips together.*
Miyako: Hauu, mn-ah, you're focusing... On my weak points, ah, ah, ah, amazing, kh, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Miyako, your fuck-face is so amazing, it's adorable.
Miyako: Hah, mn, ah! Ahh, ahaaa... It's because you're watching me... That I'm extra... Ah, ah, ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Your voice is so nice and loud. That's cute, too.
Miyako: Yamato, Yamato, Yamato! Ah, mnaaaaaah!
Yamato: Can I move my hips--kh--even faster?!
*I rapidly increased the speed at which I prodded her weak points.*
Miyako: Yamato! ...I-I can't take much more... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: You want to cum? Then cum, Miyako! Show me your face! Let me hear your voice!
Miyako: Mnah! Ahh, waah, ah, ahhh! It feels good... So good!
*I maintained my momentum and banged my hips into hers.*
Miyako: Kwah, I-I'm going to cum. Ah, ah, hah!
*Her hot pussy contracted and wrung my member.*
Miyako: I can't--I'm cumming, I can't hold it back! Ah, ah! Ah!
*Vigorously, I drove my penis into her.*
Miyako: I-I'm cumming... Ahhhhhhhh!
*Her body shook as she climaxed.*
Yamato: Kwah, it feels so good. But we've only just started, Miyako!
Miyako: Fwah! Mnah! Aaahhh!
*My thrusts caused her beautiful boobs to bounce.*
Miyako: Hah, aahh, aaah, Yamato, I'm cumming, yet it's so, ahh, ahhhhhh!
*Her walls tightened as tight as they possibly could.*
Miyako: I-If you do me like this, I'll cum again. Ahh!
Yamato: Huff, huff, cum as many times as you want!
*I kept pounding her.*
Miyako: Kh, haaaah, Yamato... Ah, ah, amazing, your cock is too amazing, ahh, ahh.
Miyako: It's so, ahh, manly... and hard, hah, ooh... and hot... Aha, mn... move forever, and ever, aahhhh!
Miyako: Ah, haaah...! I love you! Hey, fuck me more! Yamato, Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Miyako, yours is amazing, too. It's so sticky...
Miyako: Yamato, I love you... Ah, wah... Ah, aahh! Ah, ah, amazing... Yamato, Yamato!
Miyako: Y-Yamato... I can't... I'm going to cum!
Yamato: Sweet. This time, I'll cum too.
*I swung her body vertical and pounded her more strongly.*
Miyako: Aaaaah, ah, ah, ah... Ah... Ah!
Yamato: Miyako... Miyako... Miyako!
Miyako: Yamato, it's so good, it feels so good!
Miyako: Huff, ah, cum--like this! Cum inside me!
Yamato: Yeah. I'm cumming, Miyako!
*I finished by thrusting as powerfully as I could.*
Miyako: Ahh, I can't, I'm cumming again, I'm cumming!
*My lower body grew sweetly numb.*
Yamato: Mnph!
*Spurt, spurt! Pew, pew...*
Miyako: Mnaaaah... Amazing...
*I came inside Miyako as much as I could.*
Miyako: Kwah... Huff, huff... Huff...
*She lied down on the side of the pool.*
*However, my erection still hadn't abated.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato, still? Amazing...
Yamato: Yeah... Can you keep going, Miyako?
Miyako: Mm-hm... I want nothing more.
Yamato: Then next, let's... Teyah!
*I went to strip off Miyako's school swimsuit.*
Miyako: Ah... Yamato's stripping me.
Yamato: Heh, stripping off a school swimsuit like this is just the best!
Miyako: Hey, you sound like an old man.
Yamato: Would an old man have my vigor?
Miyako: Now I get the feeling you're even more amazing...
Yamato: Okay, now you're in your birthday suit.
Miyako: Being naked at school's embarrassing, Yamato...
Yamato: And now you're going to be even more embarrassed... There!
Miyako: Ahh?! Again like this...? Kwah!
*With Miyako butt-naked, I plunged my dick into her pussy.*
Miyako: Mnn... It just feels so good when you do me!
*The moment I entered her, her folds entangled me as if they were alive.*
Miyako: Yamato, your thing is twitching even more as it moves...
Yamato: It's because your pussy feels so good... Mn!
*I advanced through her sticky, clingy membranes, forcing my penis through to her innermost depths.*
Miyako: Mnn... Yes... Oh, how do you feel, Yamato?
*The tightness of her pussy suddenly intensified.*
Yamato: Oh, it's the greatest, Miyako... Want to go for a stroll?
Miyako: Huh? Ah... Hah!
*Still fucking Miyako, I started to walk along the poolside.*
Miyako: Ahh, I feel a shock with every step, mn, ah... Amazing.
*As we walked, my penis automatically moved in and out.*
Yamato: If I walk all the way to the edge, somebody might see us.
Miyako: Ahh... No, Yamato, don't. Don't, I said...
*Despite her protests, Miyako's insides squeezed me even tighter.*
Yamato: You get aroused from the thought of being seen? Miyako, you pervert!
*I drove my penis even deeper into her.*
Miyako: Ah, you're pushing me up... Mnah, amazing, ah!
*Miyako was getting more turned on.*
Miyako: Huff, huff, ah, ahh, you're grinding against me.
Yamato: I guess this feels better for you... than the entrance to your womb does.
*I focused on prodding the rough spot just in front of it.*
Miyako: Mnah! Ah! Aiiee, ah, ahh!
Yamato: Mn, you're amazing, Miyako. Your insides feel so good...
*Using all my might, I banged Miyako.*
Miyako: Awn, yah, ah, that's, amazing!
Yamato: Here, right? *grunt*
Miyako: Hyahh, ahhh... You're so rough, Yamato...
Yamato: Miyako... You're so loud... Somebody might hear.
Miyako: Heh, ah, ahhhh! Ahhhh...
*Even so, Miyako was turned on.*
Miyako: Ah, ahhh... ah? ...Huff, huff, Yamato?
*I suddenly stopped moving, which worried Miyako.*
Miyako: Move... Yamato... Move!
Yamato: Wait. My arms... are tired.
Miyako: Hey...
Yamato: Man, this proves sex is a real workout...
Miyako: Then let's stop doing it like this and use a different position.
Miyako: Nnh!
*Miyako's body quivered.*
Miyako: I feel like I need to pee. Maybe because of the cold wind hitting me.
Yamato: You are in a position to pee.
Miyako: ...Argh. Don't say that.
Miyako: Let me down, Yamato.
Miyako: ...Huh? Wh-Why did you just get bigger?
Yamato: I'm in this position.
Yamato: Piss just as you are, Miyako-chan.
Miyako: Th-That's clearly just...
Miyako: Even I can feel awkward sometimes, Yamato! This is embarrassing.
Yamato: That's precisely why. I want to see you blush.
Miyako: Ahh! Ah, you're moving again! Haah!
Miyako: Mnah, n-no, ah, ah, ah!
*I began swinging my hips even more violently.*
Miyako: Ah, if you do me like that, mnah, ah, I'll cum... I'll cum...
*I stimulated her tender spot while thrusting my penis into the deepest regions of her pussy.*
Miyako: Ahh, ahhh, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato!
*Her body trembled, and the squeeze of her membranes became the tightest yet.*
Yamato: Cum, Miyako.
Miyako: Uh, but, ah, if--if I cum, I'll probably... pee... Ah, hah!
Yamato: All the more reason to cum!
Miyako: Mnooh... Ah, wahh... Ah, I-I'm cumming, I--I'm cumming... Cumming... Ahhhhh!
*I shot my penis into her deep depths.*
Miyako: Haaaaahhhh!
*Spurt, pew, spurt...*
Yamato: Kwah, I came a lot. Again.
*Inside her, I poured my semen into Miyako.*
Miyako: ...Ah. I-I can't... Y-Yamato...
*Urine began to trickle out of her.*
Miyako: Ah... Ahh... You're seeing me like this. Ahh... Ah... Ah.
*Miyako continued to pee, a blank look on her face.*
Yamato: Miyako, that expression is wonderful.
*I gazed at her look of ecstasy while the rest of my semen flowed into her.*
Yamato: So much is flowing out!
Miyako: Noooo...
Yamato: I saw... I saw you pee.
Miyako: Huff... Ah, ah... Ahh.
*With a shake of her body, Miyako finished peeing.*
*--Night, past 11 o'clock.*
Miyako: Okay, I've finished washing your back.
Yamato: Mm.
*We were washing the sweat (and other liquids) off of ourselves in the bathroom.*
Yamato: Miyako... Wash here, too.
*I was pointing at my already-erect penis.*
*It had briefly drooped after thrice satisfying my lusts in the futon.*
*However, seeing Miyako's naked form as she washed me quickly brought it back to life.*
Miyako: Mm-hm. I'll diligently wash your thing. Mn.
*She happily licked her lips as she positioned herself for the licking.*
Yamato: My body's cold, so I'll turn on the shower first.
Miyako: There's steam, and it's summer, so we're fine.
Miyako: Mnheh... Yours is already so... amazing.
*She took her time observing my penis.*
Miyako: Your manly scent is just too wonderful, Yamato...
Miyako: Fwah... Smelling it like this... makes me feel so hot.
Yamato: Clean it thoroughly, please.
Miyako: Yep. I'll lick it clean.
*Miyako's flexible hands approached my penis.*
Miyako: While we were saying all that, it got even harder.
Miyako: Your thing is so greedy... and wonderful.
*Miyako's moistened tongue appeared from within her mouth.*
Miyako: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*
Yamato: Mmm... Your tongue really does feel so good.
Miyako: Yamato, your... *lick* *kiss* ...dick tastes so good.
Miyako: Mnn... mn... *kiss* Mn... *suck* ...Mnnn, mnah...
*Her wet tongue stimulated the glans of my penis.*
Miyako: Eheh *kiss* Mn... *lick* *suck* *slurp*... *lick*
Miyako: It's... all clean... *lick* *lick* *kiss*...
Miyako: *lick* *lick* *kiss* If only it were dirtier... there'd be more point in cleaning it... *kiss*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* Ah, it's already so wet. Heh heh. Hamph.
Miyako: *slurp*... *slurp*... *suck*... Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: Nkh... Your mouth is amazing.
*The intense suction she provided made my cock tingle with even more heat.*
Miyako: Mn... *slurp, slurp*... Mn, an, ngh... *slurp* *slurp* Pwah! Well? Does it feel good, Yamato?
Yamato: It does. Please don't stop.
Miyako: Mm-hm... Hamph... *slurp* *suck* *gulp* *gulp*
*She noisily drank my precum.*
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* Mn... *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *slurppp* Nfh... *gulp*...
*Saliva accumulated in her mouth. It felt almost as good as fucking her pussy.*
Miyako: Ngh, mn... *suck*... M-Mnn... *kiss* *slurp*... *slurp*... Mn! Ngh, mn... *suck*...
Miyako: *gasp* Yamato, your dick has been releasing too much precum... Are you that close to cumming?
Yamato: ...Yeah. Your nudity and your tongue are just too much.
Miyako: Then shoot lots of your thick, hot milk into my mouth.
Yamato: ...Will do.
Miyako: Release everything you've built up... I'll clean it all up nice... Ahhhmn.
Yamato: Miyako... Ah!
**smack* *smack*... *sluurrrrp*....*
*My penis sunk even deeper into Miyako's mouth.*
Miyako: *slurrrrp* *suck* *slurp*... *slurp*... Mnmm... *suck*... *slurp* urp... *lick*
Yamato: ...Mnn, I'm ready, Miyako...
*To think I'd reached my limit this quickly.*
*The feeling of ejaculation welled up from the root of my dick.*
Miyako: ...Nfh, mnnn... *suck* Nph, Yamato... *slurp* *suck*... Cum in my mouth, just like this... I want your white stuff... *suck*
Yamato: Mnah. I'm cumming, Miyako.
Miyako: Mm-hm! Hamph... *suck, slurp, slurp, slurrrrrp*... *slurrrrrrp*
Yamato: Geh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt...*
Miyako: Mn, kh... Mn! Mnfhhhhh...
*I took a firm hold of her head and continued to ejaculate.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Hmm, ooh... Gh... Mn, nfh... *gulp* Mn... *slurp* Ngh... Mn... *gulp*
*Miyako's throat purred as she swallowed my cum.*
Yamato: Mnn... You cleaned me from the inside.
Miyako: Pwah... Mn, I drank all of your milk...
*My penis did not droop; it remained erect.*
Miyako: Oh... It's still so big...
Yamato: When I see you, Miyako, I can't hold back my erection.
Miyako: You really know how to make me happy.
Yamato: Being licked just after cumming feels really good.
Miyako: Mm-hm, okay, I'll do it again... I'll use my mouth to clean you up.
Miyako: Time for seconds. Hamph...
*Her mouth felt so moist.*
Miyako: Mn... *slop*... Mn... *kiss* mnn... There's still some inside you.
Miyako: ...Mnn... *suck, slurp, slurrrrrrp* nkh.
Miyako: Your cock... It tastes like delicious semen milk... I want to drink my second helping soon... Mn... *lick*
*She stimulated the entrance to my urethra with her tongue and sucked me.*
*I had just came, so my glans was wonderfully sensitive.*
Miyako: ...Mnn... *slurp* Mnkh... *suck* ...Ngh!
Miyako: Mn... *slurp* *suck* *slurrrp* ...Mn, hah, ah...
*She violently shook her head as she serviced me.*
Yamato: Aren't you... Nope, you're not getting cold at all.
Miyako: I'm drinking such warm stuff, so I'll be fine. Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: Oh... I'm about to cum for the second time.
Miyako: Pwah, yes, cum... *suck, slurp, slurrrp* cum in my mouth again... *slurrrrrp*
Yamato: This time, I want to cum on your face.
*I wanted to answer her sticky oral ministrations with a grand ejaculation.*
Miyako: *kiss* *slurp* *slurp* ...Pwah.
Miyako: Mm-hm, go ahead, cum on my face... *suck* *lick*
Yamato: Miyako...! I'm cumming again!
Miyako: Mn... *suck* Mnn... *slurp* Mnah... Hah... *suck* *slllurp*
Yamato: Kh!
*An instant before I exploded, I withdrew my cock from her mouth.*
*Then I ejaculated onto her beautiful face.*
*Spurt! Pew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Miyako: Hwaaahhhhhh!
*I covered every inch of her face with semen.*
Miyako: Ahh... Ah.
*The point-blank ejaculation had left Miyako blushing.*
Miyako: Mn... Ah.
*It had gotten on her hair, her cheeks, even her nose.*
Miyako: ...I'm covered in your cum...
Yamato: That expression is wonderful, too. You're so pretty, Miyako.
*Pew, pew!*
Miyako: Mn, mnhah... Ah... You came so much...
Yamato: ...Whoa.
*I faced Miyako towards the shower.*
Miyako: No. That would be a waste.
Yamato: Huh?
Miyako: I'll drink all of it. *kiss* *slurp* *suck*
*She scooped up the semen with her fingers and brought it to her mouth.*
Miyako: *kiss* *kiss*... *lick* Mn, it's so delicious...
Miyako: Oh, this is such a huge clump... Ahhmph.
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*... Mn... *gulp*
Yamato: ...There's still some semen on the tip of my dick.
Miyako: I'll clean that up for you ...*lick* ...*kiss*... *lick*...
Miyako: There's some on the back too... Nmm... *kiss* *lick*
*Miyako expertly used her tongue to lick off the semen stuck to my dick.*
Miyako: I'll suck out the semen inside too. Hamph... *kiss* *kiss*
Miyako: *kiss* *smack* *smack* *kiss*
*She sucked out all the remaining semen.*
Miyako: Mn... *suck* *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*
*Miyako drank the remaining semen while she shook her ass seductively.*
Miyako: And your erection is still holding strong... *lick*
Yamato: Aren't I manly?
Miyako: Mm-hm. Alternatively, you're the most dependable lecher in the world. *smack*
Yamato: I think I'm gonna cum again.
Miyako: Understood. Ammph... Mn... *kiss* *kiss*...
Yamato: Mn... I want you to lick it while still sticky with my semen, okay?
*She pursed her lips, then stimulated the tip of my dick.*
Miyako: ...Mn... *kiss*... *suck*... Ha wa hah, wamahau? (How was that, Yamato?)
Yamato: Nwah. You can still talk that well with my dick in your mouth?
*She brought her face even closer as she gave me head.*
Miyako: Slurp... Nkh, kfh... Mn, suck, kiss!
*Her wet saliva felt so pleasant.*
Miyako: Mn, n... *kiss*... Mn... Mm... *suck, lick* ngh...
*The texture of the inside of her cheeks felt just like her pussy's.*
Miyako: *slurp* *slurp*... Mn... *suck*. Awwnn... Mn... *slllurp*...
Yamato: Ooh, Miyako! I'm cumming again!
Miyako: *slurrrrrrrp*.... *suck* *suck* *suck*
Yamato: Kh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt...*
Miyako: Nfh! Mn! *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*...
Miyako: Mnnn... Nm... *gulp* Hah, mn... *gulp*
Miyako: Gasp... Huff... Huff... So delicious...
Yamato: I've been defeated!
*I entered the shower and rinsed her body with hot water.*
Miyako: Mn. I'm so hot inside and out.
Miyako: Heh!
*Miyako casually jabbed her fist.*
*The air cracked with the force of the attack.*
Miyako: The more of your cum I drink, the stronger I get...
Yamato: That's one amazing skill you've got there.
Miyako: Well, I do think there's a limit to how strong I can get this way.
*My girlfriend was one sexy beast.*
Miyako: Mm!
Yamato: Mmmm?!
*She suddenly kissed me.*
Miyako: Mn, heh... *kiss*... *peck*... *lick*
Yamato: *gasp* H-Hey, Miyako, mm--
Miyako: Hamph... *smack, lick* mmm... *slurp, smack*... Pwah.
Miyako: Mnn... *kiss*... *smack* pwah.
Yamato: Wh-What are you--
Miyako: Isn't it obvious? You were all over that woman who captured you.
Momoyo: Every day, the Itagakis used your phone to send us pictures of the rich life you shared with them.
Yamato: B-But I was their prisoner! There was nothing I could do!
Momoyo: And yet it looks like you were enjoying yourself just fine.
Miyako: Right? So you can't expect us to sit here and do nothing.
Momoyo: Anyways, we're going to destroy the Itagakis... But.
Miyako: First, we have to steal back our Yamato.
Miyako: I'm going to overwrite everything they did!
Momoyo: And so am I.
Momoyo: Just thinking of how they took you away, little bro, still pisses me off.
Momoyo: So, Yamato... *kiss*... Mnn.
Yamato: N-Nee-san... Mnn...
Momoyo: *kiss*... Pwah. Prepare yourself.
Miyako: Tonight, there won't be any distance between us.
Yamato: Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Miyako: We're going to take your already hard, unchaste cock...
Momoyo: And together, give you the night of your life.
Yamato: Y-You too, Nee-san?
Momoyo: Heh heh. I just got my powers back, so I'm feeling kinda... High... Huff, huff.
Miyako: Now, just give in... Huff, huff.
Yamato: Let's stop huffing and huffing and just calm down!
Momoyo: It's not like you can get us to stop.
Miyako: Right? Now... Give in!
*I-I couldn't believe what was happening.*
*They'd already pulled down my pants and stripped off my boxers.*
Momoyo: Whoa...
Miyako: Whoooaaahh...
Momoyo: It's so amazing... And hot...
Miyako: Right? It's so manly... *sniff, sniff*... And it smells wonderful.
Momoyo: ...*kiss* Mn... Mm... *lick*
Yamato: Ah, ahh... Nee-san...
*Nee-san started to entwine her tongue around my penis.*
Miyako: Amazing. Look at it twitch. Oh, Yamato, your cock's so lecherous.
Momoyo: *kiss, peck*. Looks like you're enjoying yourself, Yamato.
Momoyo: Mn... *peck, 'ick*... *lick* mn... Mkh, mmmn...
Miyako: Momo-senpai, you're licking it so boldly...
Momoyo: Yamato's tastes so good... It's the taste of a male.
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp, slurp*... *kiss*...
Momoyo: You come, too, Miyako... Mn! ...Mnkh... *kiss*... *kiss, lick, lick*... Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: Then don't mind if I do. I can't wait.
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*. It's a childhood friend attack!
Yamato: Ugh... First off, this feels too good...
Miyako: Aaamph.. *lick, kiss*... *lick*... *kiss*... Mn, mnnn...
Momoyo: Heh heh heh. Looks like you enjoy the taste too... Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... Mnah... Mn...
Miyako: Mm-hm. *lick*... *kiss*... Yamato, yours tastes so good. *kiss*
Yamato: You two are amazing... Kh...
*I rested a hand on each of their heads.*
Miyako: *kiss*... Mn... *kiss*... Yamato, now you're into it, too... *lick, lick*... *slurp, slurp*...
*She carefully laced the saliva on her tongue about my dick.*
Momoyo: Aamph.. *kiss* This is only because you're such a lecher... *lick*
Miyako: *lick, lick, lick*... *slurp, kiss* Here he goes again...
Yamato: Y-You're the lecherous ones here. Kh, ooh.
Miyako: You're quivering every time we lick you... Mn, *kiss*...
Momoyo: *slurp, lick, lick*... Juice is already coming out from the tip.
Momoyo: I'm going to suck it up... *slurp, slurp*
Miyako: Mnah... Me too... Hah, ahah... Ahmph, mn... *slurp* *slurrrrrp*... Mn, mn... *gulp, gulp*...
Yamato: If you suck me like that, I'll--ah! Ahhh!
Momoyo: Mnn... *suck*.... *slurp*... *gulp*... *gulp*... Pwah, look at Yamato's face... He's totally turned on. Mn... *kiss*
Miyako: *slurp, kiss*... Mnah... You're right. He's so cute.
Yamato: I can't hold back...
Momoyo: *lick*... *slurp, slurp* yeah, I guess not. You're even trembling... *lick* *lick*
Miyako: Go ahead. Cum whenever you want... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... Mn, mnnn...
Yamato: Kh, ooh, I'm cumming...
Momoyo: Mn... *lick*... *slurp*...
*The two began licking me even more passionately.*
Miyako: Ah, lick... Mn, mnah... Mmnn?!
*I could hold back no longer, they brought me to my peak.*
Miyako: Let me drink it. Aamph.
Momoyo: Ah!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Miyako: Mn, ahhhhh... 
*A huge quantity of sperm gushed into Miyako's mouth.*
Momoyo: Mm... And here I thought I'd drink it first.
Miyako: ...*gulp, gulp, gulp*
Momoyo: Little bro, so that's what you look like when you cum.
Yamato: Oof... I'm so embarrassed.
Momoyo: You'd better be. We're overwriting what happened, remember?
Miyako: Mn... *gulp, gulp, lick*... Pwah.
Miyako: Mn, heh... Yamato, it tasted so good...
Miyako: It kinda feels like... Like my wounds are healing, and my strength's building.
Miyako: My cells... are evolving!
Yamato: Is my semen a miracle drug for you? Is there anything it can't do?
Miyako: It's because it's the milk of the person I love, Yamato.
Momoyo: Nweh... You're still looking fantastic. That's wonderful, lil' bro. *kiss*
Yamato: Hauuu, Nee-san...
Momoyo: This time, you're going to let me drink your milk. *lick*
Miyako: The smell of your semen's gotten me excited... *kiss, lick*...
Momoyo: Mn... *kiss*... Mn, mngh... *slurp, lick*
Miyako: *lick* *lick* I'll stroke you with my hand too.
Yamato: Ah, Miyako... Mn!
Miyako: Heh heh... You sounded so cute just now... *kiss, lick, lick*... Mn, nfh... *slurp*... Mn, mkh...
Momoyo: Mm... Not bad... Then I'll take this ballsack and... Ahmph.
Momoyo: Hamph... Nfh... Mm... *lick*... Mn... *slurp*
Yamato: N-Nee-san... Kh, ooh.
Momoyo: *lick* *lick*... *slurp* nfh, nkh...
Momoyo: Pwah. This is where you make your milk, Yamato, so I'm going to be very attentive. Ammph... *slurp*... *wriggle*... *slurp*...
Miyako: Mn... It's so thick... *lick, 'ick*... *slurp*...
Momoyo: Ahh... *wriggle*... *lick*... Mn...
*As Nee-san slid her tongue all over my balls, I felt the building of an extreme wave of pleasure.*
Momoyo: *suck* *slurp*... *lick* *lick, lick*
Yamato: Ahhh, Nee-san, Nee-san...
Miyako: Yamato... Your voice sounds oh so sweet... *lick*
Momoyo: Heh heh... Now, Yamato, how about here?
*She started teasing my asshole with her fingers.*
Momoyo: They must've played around here too, didn't they?
Yamato: N-No, no they didn't... So Nee-san, please.
Momoyo: They didn't tease you here?
Yamato: Ah, ahh...
Momoyo: Then I get to break new ground.
Yamato: Don't tell me you're--!
Momoyo: *slurp*... Mn... Mnnnnn...
*Nee-san had stuck her tongue out and into my asshole.*
Momoyo: *lick, 'ick, 'ick, 'ick*...
Yamato: Ah, ahh... Holy moly, it feels so good... Kh.
Miyako: *lick, 'ick*... Amazing, there's so much precum.
Momoyo: *lick, 'ick*... Heh heh. You must be really enjoying it.
Miyako: Mn... Mmm... *suck, 'ick*... Yamato, you're so nasty.
Yamato: B-But Miyako, you're--
Miyako: You're the one whose boner won't stop raging. *slurp*... *lick, lick*... Mnkh, mnfhh...
Momoyo: Looks like you're about to ejaculate. Mn, *kiss*... Mnkh...
Momoyo: Want me to lick all the way down to your balls? Ammph... *s-Slurp!*... *lick* ...*kiss* Mnn...
Momoyo: Mnah... *lick* ...*lick* ...*slurp*
Miyako: Then I... will take this hole... *lick*
Yamato: Kh?! Hey, that's my--
Miyako: Your urethra... *kiss* ...*lick, lick, lick*...
Momoyo: Look at him twitch. He must be enjoying that too.
Momoyo: I'll be down here, pleasuring every little bit of his balls. *kiss* *slurp*... Nkh... *slurp*
Yamato: Kh, ooh, Nee-san...
Momoyo: Relax. We're going to have plenty of fun from your backdoor too.
*Nee-san started teasing my asshole with a finger soaked in saliva.*
Yamato: I-I'm cumming again...
Momoyo: That's the plan... *suck, slurp*
Momoyo: We'll do whatever we like, if it makes you feel good... *suck, slurp*... *lick, lick*...
Miyako: That's right... I want to see you cum, Yamato. *lick, 'ick*
Yamato: Huff, ah... Ah, Nee-san, Miyako.
Momoyo: *slurp, kiss*... *suck* how's that, Yamato?
Miyako: *slurp* ooh... *lick, lick, lick*... Isn't this so much better than anything you did with the Itagakis?
Yamato: Ah, ahhh, I concede... Nee-san, Miyako.
Momoyo: Good. Then cum! *Sllurrrrrrpppp!*
Miyako: ...*lick*... Mn... *slurp*... *smack*
Momoyo: Mn, oooh... Mn... *suck*... *slurp, lick, lick*
Yamato: Ack!
Momoyo: This time, it's my turn... Ammph... Mn, heh mn... *slurp*... *slurp*... *slurrrppp*
*Spurrrrrrt! Spurt, spurt!*
Momoyo: Mm... Mn, mm... Mn... *gulp, gulp*
Momoyo: ...*Gulp, gulp, gulp*... Pwah.
Momoyo: ...Wow, it's so thick... Amazing.
Miyako: And he's still so wonderfully hard.
Momoyo: Let's clean him up. *lick, lick*
Miyako: Yes, let's. *lick, lick*
Yamato: Wah. I'm sensitive right now, so if you do that, I'll--
Miyako: *slurp* hah, nmamph... *suck, slurp*
Momoyo: *kiss, slurp*... Mnah... *slurp, kiss*
Yamato: Kh!
*They kept going, bringing me again to climax.*
*This time, I ejaculated onto both of their faces.*
Momoyo: Wah, hah... Amazing.
Miyako: Mn. I got a Yamato milk shower. The heavens have blessed me!
*Drops of my semen blotted Nee-san's majestic face.*
*Miyako was also spellbound, the cum resting on her cheeks and nose.*
Momoyo: This is a great shot in the arm before the big fight.
Miyako: Heheh... With your semen in me, I'll be stronger than ever.
Miyako: But I want to be even stronger. Ammph.
Yamato: Ahh?!
Momoyo: Heh heh heh... You like it too, don't you, Miyako?
Momoyo: --Speaking of, tomorrow's battle...
Momoyo: It might be bigger and rougher than anything we've ever faced...
Momoyo: But this time, I'll win!
*Nee-san's determination and my moans echoed across the skies.*
*--That night, at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yukie: That's everything that happened.
Yamato: You spent too long chatting at the restaurant. It's night already.
Yukie: But we had so much to talk about.
Yamato: I mean, I don't really mind.
*More importantly, she'd come wearing her uniform.*
Yamato: Mayucchi, come over here.
Yukie: Okay.
*That had to be consent.*
*I kissed her.*
Yukie: Mm...
*The instant our lips touched, I pined for her all the more.*
*I pulled her close and kissed her even more passionately.*
Yukie: Hah... Mmm... Mn!
Yamato: Mn...
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss* mm.
*We both kissed each other more intensely.*
*Our tongues were naturally entwining around each other.*
Yukie: Huff... *lick*... *kiss*... *lick*...
*Unable to resist, I groped her ass.*
Yukie: Aww... Mnn... Yamato-san.
Yukie: ...You're so dirty... Ah!
*As I kept going, I could feel myself getting hard.*
Yamato: *kiss*... *lick*... Today, I don't want to stop...
Yamato: I want you, Yukie.
Yukie: ...Yes...
*I could see the love pour from her when I called her by her given name.*
Matsukaze: Mayucchi... You bold, girl. Good luck...
Yamato: (Huh? You'd have Matsukaze talk now?)
*Oh, but if I kissed her, that should seal both their lips.*
Yamato: *kiss, lick*... *lick*...
Yukie: Hau... Mn, nmm... *lick*... *lick*
Yamato: Yukie, your heart... It's pounding so fast.
Yukie: That's because we're kissing, Yamato-san...
*I touched her breasts, then proceeded to grope them.*
Yukie: Hau... Mn, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Your moans are so sexy...
Yukie: That's because of you, Yamato-san... Mn... *kiss*
*As I worked my hands over her voluptuous bosom, I laid my lips on hers.*
*Even through her clothes, I could tell how splendidly large they were.*
Yukie: Mn... *kiss*... *smack, smack, slurp*...
*As we kissed, I slowly but steadily took off her clothes.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn, mm... *kiss* mn, Yamato-san...
*There were a few trickier places, but there was no need to rush.*
Yukie: ...Huff... Huff... Mn, ah, ah... Mn.
Yamato: Yukie, your breasts are so big and soft and perfect.
Yukie: Hah, ooh... Thank you very much, mnn.
Yukie: *kiss*... Mnn... *smack*... *slurp* mnn...
*I played with her firmly round boobs and butt while saliva flowed between us.*
Yukie: Mm... *kiss* ahh, Yamato-san... The way you move your hands is so nasty...
Yamato: You're too cute for me to stop.
Yukie: There you go again with that silly--Ah, ahh!
Yamato: You think I don't mean it? Stick out your tongue.
Yukie: Yes...
Yamato: Mn... *lick*... *lick* *lick* *lick*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn... *lick* *peck*... *kiss*
*Little by little, the tension drained from her body.*
Yukie: *smack* *slurp*... Mnnn... *kiss* *gulp*
*Moist sounds echoed through the room we exchanged saliva.*
Yukie: Your tongue feels so good... Mm... *kiss* Mn... *slurp*... *smack*... Mn... *peck*
Yamato: Oh, geez... You melt so adorably.
*My hand began to knead her breasts harder.*
Yamato: I want *kiss* you to feel even better, Yukie.
Yukie: Mn... *slurp*... Mn, Yamato-san... Ah, ah, ahhh!
*I rubbed my finger against her tits, and watched them perk before my eyes.*
Yukie: Mn... Ah... My chest feels so hot...
*Then I rolled my fingers over those pink protrusions.*
Yamato: And don't worry, I won't forget about your ass. See?
Yukie: Mn, mm... Mnf... *kiss, lick, lick, lick*
Yamato: Yukie... Mn, mm...
*I let my fingers on her beautiful butt grow more tenacious.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss* Yamato-san... Yamato-san.
*Then I pressed my tongue tight against hers and let the saliva flow down.*
Yukie: ...*Smack, slurp*... Mmm... *slurp*... Mnn!
Yukie: *kiss, kiss*... *gulp, gulp, gulp*
*Her eyes were moist with emotion as she swallowed everything I sent.*
Yukie: Haah, Yamato-san... Mn... *kiss, kiss*... Mn!
*I sought her, all restraint gone from me.*
Yukie: Mnf... Mn, mm... This feels... So good.
*Her hips started to jolt against my thighs.*
Yukie: *smack, lick, peck, kiss, slurp*...
*Inside her mouth, my tongue licked every part of her gums.*
Yukie: ...Mn... *smack, slurp* mnn, mmm!
Yamato: Yukie... I like you... I love you.
Yukie: Aweh... Yamato-san... I love you too.
*My fingers invaded into the far side of her underwear.*
Yukie: Hauu?!
Matsukaze: Yamato, until you're gettin' married, that there's the danger zone!
Yamato: The words came straight to your lips? No surprise you value your chastity... But Matsukaze?
Yamato: If we keep going, marriage is what's in store for us.
Matsukaze: Yamato... If I'm bein' perfectly honest...
Matsukaze: I don't hate the sound of that...
Yamato: I'm happy you feel that way.
*A warm wetness had already taken hold.*
Yukie: Mm... Ah!
*I figured that sudden stimulation to her pussy would be painful, so I extended a finger towards her clitoris.*
Yukie: Ah! That's...! Kh, heh, mn!
*Yukie looked like she was in heaven.*
Yamato: Does it feel good?
Yukie: Y-Yes... Amazingly good... Ah, ahh!
*I could feel her clitoris grow under my finger's pressure.*
Yamato: You're so cute. I want you to feel even better.
*I moved my hand, as if to rub it.*
Yukie: Mnaaahhh, Yamato-san...
*She gripped my arm tight.*
Yamato: The sound, it's... Amazing.
*Rubbing was all it had taken for moist sounds to echo from her slit.*
Yukie: Haahhh... If you move that much... Ah.
Yukie: Ah, it feels good... Fwah... Ahhh!
Yukie: Yamato-san -- Ah, ahhhhhhhhh!
*A shudder ran through her body.*
Yamato: Yukie...
*It was the first time I'd ever seen a woman cum.*
*I held her close, wanted to bring her even more pleasure.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huff... Wah?!
*I'd read once that a person's more sensitive after they cum.*
Yukie: Ah, you're still... No, Yamato-san, I can't take this!
*So I continued to fondle her clit.*
Yukie: Ahh... No, not right now! Ah, ahhhh!
Yukie: Fwaaaah?! Again?! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Yukie... You're so cute.
Yukie: Fwah... Ahhhhh.
*Yukie slumped to the floor, exhausted.*
*I quickly laid out the futon and rested Yukie on top of it.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*She was still immersed in the afterglow of her climax.*
*Meanwhile, I ripped off my own clothes.*
*I was surprised how calm I was, given that it was my first time. Maybe it was because of the younger girl's level of composure.*
*...Actually, I had to take the lead.*
Yukie: Ah... Ooh.
*Yukie stared at my naked crotch.*
*At my fully erect penis, at the precum dripping from its end.*
Matsukaze: D-Damn... The Sword of Justice...
Yamato: Show me yours, too... I'll take this off for you.
*I slid her underwear down her thighs.*
Yukie: Hauuu...
Yamato: Wow... It's so pretty, Yukie.
*It was unspeakably bewitching.*
*A sight so overwhelming I could heardly believe she was a freshman.*
*Especially given how plump her backside was.*
Yamato: Yukie, you're... You're so incredibly wet down here.
*It demanded my mouth approach.*
Yukie: Haah, ooh... I can't believe you're licking it -- ah!
*The inside of her slit was already soaking wet.*
Yukie: Ah... Ahh... Yamato-san, your tongue, it's...
*It was lapping up the love juices flowing from within her.*
Yukie: Fwah... Yah, ahh... Mn.
*I stretched her pure, virgin slit open wide and licked away.*
Yukie: Ah! ...Ooh, I feel so embarrassed...
*I checked her vagina -- it was twitching away.*
Yamato: It's pretty even on the inside, Yukie...
*I licked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, too.*
*Pinched it with my fingers, slowly rubbed along it.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're being too dirty. If you keep going, I'll...
Yamato: Really, I think it's adorable how sensitive you are.
Yamato: I know this is your first time, but... How often do you masturbate a week?
Yukie: I-I can't answer that, it'd be so...
Matsukaze: Yo! You can't go 'round askin' virgins girls that kinda thing, you bedroom yakuza!
*I pried apart her buttcheeks.*
Yamato: If you don't tell me, I'm going to start messing with your butthole.
*I stroked my tongue across her ass.*
Yukie: Hauuu. S-Seven times a week... A-Ahhh!
Yamato: Every day, then?
Yamato: And you say I'm nasty. Hamph.
*I planted a hickey on her sweat-soaked butt.*
Yukie: Oooooh.
Yamato: As your reward for gathering the courage to tell me, I'll lick your butthole.
Yukie: That doesn't make any--Ah! Fwaahhh!
Yamato: It's so cute, and beautifully pink.
*I brought my tongue, which was moist with saliva, closer to her ass.*
*I stuck out the tip, then pressed it against her anus.*
Yukie: Hawahn!
*I could see her tremble as I kept licking.*
Yukie: No, can't keep going th--Ah, ahhh!
*I glued my face against her butt and kept licking that asshole.*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, Truly, I can't--Hauu... I feel like I'm going even crazier--Ah, ahh!
*I pulled back my lips to see her asshole, glowing with saliva, twitch in response to my ministrations.*
*When I pressed my finger against it, the flesh around her entrance clung to it so sweetly.*
Yukie: Ahh... Ahhh... Haahn...
Yamato: Yukie, you're really getting turned on by this anal.
Yukie: Aaau... That's not true at all.
Yamato: But you're so incredibly wet down here that I...
Yukie: Mmn!
Yamato: I'm putting it in, Yukie.
Yukie: O-Okay... Go ahead...
Yamato: You don't have to be so nervous. *kiss*
Yukie: Ahmph... *kiss*...
*I caressed her head.*
Yamato: I masturbate a lot too... Just like you.
Yukie: I see... *kiss*
Yamato: Yeah. But now, we have each other...
Yamato: Let's enjoy this. I love you, Yukie.
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: One second. I'll put on the condom.
Yukie: Umm... Err.
Yukie: Today should be fine, Yamato-san.
Yamato: ...Ah... Then I'll do you raw.
Yukie: Yes!
*I positioned her so I had a clear view of her ass.*
*Then placed my penis against her soaked slit.*
Yamato: Mn... (For the love of god, don't screw up.)
*I began to penetrate her.*
Yukie: Hau... Mnkh... Ah... Ah.
*As the foreign object entered her, Yukie's voice began to waver.*
*I moved smoothly through her, probably because she was so wet.*
Yukie: Kh... Ahh... Ah, ahh!
*I was plowing through her maidenhood. It must have hurt.*
Yamato: Yukie, I'm... I'm taking your virginity.
*From there, I tore through her hymen.*
Yukie: Kh! Haaaahhh...! Ahh...
*Once I had the tip buried in her, the rest was smooth.*
*I slid all the way inside her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff... I-It's in me... isn't it?
Yamato: Kuh... It's all in... It feels amazing.
*Her walls gently wound around me. It made me feel like I was going to melt.*
Yukie: Hau... Yamato-san, yours is so hot... and big.
*Within her, my cock throbbed with the urge to move.*
Yamato: Mnkh... I'm moving, Yukie!
Yukie: Yes, Yamato-san...
*I began to shove forwards and back.*
Yukie: Hah, ooh... Mnkh... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Kh, this feels amazing... Yukie, how about you?
Yukie: Y-Yes, fwah... I-It feels good.
Yamato: It doesn't hurt?
Yukie: It does, a little... But it feels good, too--mn--and tingly...
*My penis knocked against the entrance to her womb.*
Yukie: Mnah, ah... Hah, ahh... Your hard cock is so deep!
*I poked deep inside her, stimulating her.*
Yukie: ...Auuu, ah, kwah, fwah!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie.
Yukie: Hau... Ahh... Yamato-san, Yamato-san.
*Yukie clutched down on the futon.*
Yukie: Mm, kweh... Hau... Wah! Ahh!
*Her moans grew more and more wild.*
Yukie: Ahh... You're so manly... Fwah!
Yamato: Yukie--Mmph!--you look like you're on Cloud Nine.
Yukie: Hwah... Ah, kwah... Yes, this feels wonderful.
Yukie: So... Please move... Fwaaaah!
Yamato: Yeah... I'm not stopping anytime soon.
*I scooped her up in my arms and thrust my hips.*
Yukie: ...Hwahhhh... Aww, mnkh... Your thing is moving so much inside me... Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute when you're turned on. Mnph.
Yukie: Hah, khn... Waahh... Please don't look at me.
Yamato: Sorry, but I can't look away.
*I smacked my hips against hers, pressed my glans against her womb.*
Yukie: Ah, ahh... This is just too embarrassing!
Yamato: I'm so deep inside of you that you can't get away.
Yamato: You look so cute right now that I want to preserve your expression in amber forever.
*I proceeded to rotate my hips, grinding myself against her.*
Yukie: Ah, aweh... Kweh... Ahhhh...
Yamato: Ah, I'm starting... To feel amazing too.
*I grabbed her hips and slammed them into mine.*
Yukie: Ah, fwah... I can't believe you're... Ahhhh!
Yamato: Mnph, Yukie... Yukie!
*I thrust deep and powerfully into her.*
Yukie: Ah, ugh... Waaahhhh... Yamato-san!
*I pounded straight into her.*
Yukie: I-I can't... I'm going to go crazy!
*Her sweaty, supple limbs danced about, but my penis held firm inside her.*
Yamato: Go ahead. Lose yourself to the pleasure, Yukie.
Yukie: Haahn! M-My head... My mind's going blank--Ahhh!
*Her body stiffened, and then her walls contracted around me.*
Yukie: H-Help me... Yamato-san! Kweh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie...
Yukie: Ah, ahhh, ah! Ah! Ahhhhh!
*I thrust in even deeper.*
Yukie: Hauu! ...Fwaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!
*The powerful vice-grip of her membranes pushed my penis past its limit.*
Yamato: Mngh, I'm cumming too...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurrrrt!*
Yukie: Kweh?!
*The semen gushed from my dick.*
Yukie: ...Kwah... Ah, your sperm...
*I ejaculated at the deepest point of her cavity, letting the semen pour into her womb.*
Yukie: It's pouring... into me... My stomach feels so hot...
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff...
*My penis twitched...*
Yukie: Hauu!
*Causing her body to shudder in a chain reaction.*
Yukie: Hau... O-Ooh... Ooh... Huh?
Matsukaze: Yamato... Could it be? Is your brave sword still...?
Yamato: Yeah... It's still in thrusting stance.
Yamato: Yukie, I'm going to fuck you again... Keep up with me.
Yukie: Hau... A-All right.
Yukie: I'm told that the perfect ideal woman is one who can --Ah! ...satisfy her husband, so... Ahh... I'll do my best!
Yamato: Good girl... I love you, Yukie. *kiss*
Yukie: *kiss*... Yes, Yamato-san.
Yamato: I'm moving...
Yukie: Fwaaaah... So rough, ah, ahh... So fast... Ah, hwahhh...
Yamato: It doesn't look like it hurts anymore... Thank goodness.
Yukie: Fwah, ah... Yamato-san... I love you.
*Her membranes worked my sensitized glans.*
Yamato: Ukh, ahh, Yukie... I love you too...
Yamato: I'm going to cum again, so...
Yukie: Ah, kh, yes, please cum.
Yamato: I'm going to fill you up to the brim, got it?
Yukie: Please fill me with your sperm...
Yamato: Mnn... Someday, this too... shall be mine.
*I lodged my moistened finger into her anus.*
Yukie: Fwaaaaah... Kwah... B-But that's...
Yamato: Ah, amazing... I can feel you clamp down on me...
Yamato: Yukie, you really do have a sensitive ass.
*I penetrated her asshole further, my finger easily slipping in.*
Yukie: Hwah... Mn, kweh, you're mistaken.
Yamato: No way. You're the kind of girl who likes it in the butt.
*I began to move the finger in her ass more aggressively.*
Yukie: Hagh, ah... Awww... I can't... I can't...
Yamato: And I'll move in this hole too.
Yukie: Ah, mnkh... Ahh, my butt, it's so hot... Ahhh.
*I sped my hips faster and faster.*
Yamato: Mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mnph, mpnh!
Yukie: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
*Again her pussy clamped tight around me.*
Yamato: Kweh...! Yukie!
*I knocked against her womb time and again.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... I-It's happening again -- I...
Yamato: Mn, I'm cumming too... Yukie, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!
Yukie: Ahhh...! Yamato-san... Mnph... Fwaahhh!
*For the last spurt, I moved as hard as I could.*
Yukie: Ah! ...Ah, fwaaaaaahhhhhhh!
Yamato: Mnkh!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: A-Ahh... Even more of your semen is...
*My sperm flooded into her womb.*
Yamato: Mnn... It's still flowing.
Yukie: ...Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Finally, semen spilled from where our bodies were connected.*
Yamato: Yukie... You look truly adorable when you cum.
Yukie: Ooh... Aww... Fwah... Ah.
*My erection remained hard, so I rubbed it against her walls.*
Yamato: Feel that? I'm painting the walls of your pussy with my semen.
Yukie: Ah... Ahh, ahaa... Ahh.
Yamato: Ah... It feels amazing, Yukie...
Yukie: You're moving... Again... Aweh!
Yamato: ...Just one more time. How's that sound?
Yukie: BWEH?
Yamato: Hm, I'll cum soon... Let's go.
*I started off fast.*
Yukie: Ahhhh! Mn, ahh!
Yukie: Oh, it just feels so good now--Ahah!
Yukie: Ah, I... Ah, hwaahh, haaahn!
*I wrenched my finger out of her ass.*
Yukie: Haaaaau?!
*Then drove my penis as deep as it could go.*
Yukie: Ah, agaaaaiiiiinnnn?!
Yamato: Kweh... Oooof!
*I yanked my penis out before any semen came out.*
*The instant I was freed, sperm came spilling out.*
*It splattered onto Yukie's body.*
Yukie: A-Ahh... I'm covered with your spunk...
*It showered on her breasts, on her ass, on her face.*
Yukie: It's so hot...
*Yukie let the stuff rain on her, her mind in a daze.*
*But one of those globs of semen...*
Matsukaze: Hey now! Y-You're gettin' it on me too!!!
Yamato: ...Zip those lips.
Yukie: Amph... Nmmm!
*I shoved my rod against Yukie's mouth.*
Yamato: Now that I came, it's your job to clean me off.
Yukie: Hahf... *smack*... *slurp*
*Yukie sucked my dick as she lay there, listless and covered in cum.*
Yamato: ...We should get in the bath now.
*I had to slow it down a bit, or I else I'd wear her out.*
*But I wouldn't push her that far.*
*I gently stroked the hair of the woman sucking my dick.*
*......*
Yukie: Yamato-san... (She purred.)
Yamato: There, there. (I patted her head.)
Yukie: ...Heheh... I'm so happy. Happier than I've ever been.
*We'd tidied up in the bath.*
*But we couldn't fall asleep right away.*
Yamato: There's so many more ways I have to make you happy.
Yukie: C-Could there really be a greater happiness than this?!
Yukie: Making love to you has made me feel more satisfied than I ever knew I could.
Yamato: You've got a point. You're my woman now.
Yukie: Yes! Please bathe me in your affection!
Yamato: You're so cute. Geez.
*I planted a kiss on her forehead.*
Yukie: I'll do my best too!
Yamato: Alright...
Yukie: ...Then tonight, I will sleep in perfect serenity...
Yukie: In the arms of the man I love...
Yukie: ......
Yamato: ......
Yukie: Hwaah?!
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san?!
Yamato: Sorry, but with a beautiful woman lying naked next to me...
Yamato: I couldn't keep my hands to myself.
Yukie: Aww... M-My breasts...
*My empty hand began sexually harassing Yukie.*
Yukie: Ah... I can't believe you're pulling at it.
*Then I let my hand slide down her.*
Yamato: Does any of this hurt? Are you okay?
*I gently petted the slit I'd penetrated earlier.*
Yukie: Heh... Ah, I-I'm all right.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... Um, your hand is...
Yamato: I'll be honest here, Yukie.
*I took one of her hands and laid it on my penis.*
Yukie: Awah? It's so hot and big...
Yamato: That just wasn't enough to satisfy me after all.
Yamato: Can we do it maybe three more times?
Yukie: Th-Three more?
Yamato: Yeah... I can't help myself.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're...
Yamato: Kind of a lecher, yeah... However.
Yukie: Ah!
Yamato: With how wet you are, I think you're the perfect match for me.
*I gently kissed her lips. They felt soft and wet.*
Yukie: Awwww...
*Embarrassed, Yukie turned herself away.*
Yamato: Mnph... I'm putting it in.
*I pulled her hips close to me from behind.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... Ah, ahaaaaa!
*I lifted up one of her legs and pushed myself inside her.*
*I couldn't believe how smooth it went.*
Yukie: Mnah, ahh, your hot thing's inside me again...
*As her membranes gave me a warm welcome, I proceeded to move my hips.*
Yamato: Yukie... I love you.
Yukie: Hahmph, mnah... Ahhh, Yamato-san!
Yamato: See, I'm deep... Mnn, inside you again.
Yukie: This position is embarrassing... Aweh... Ah.
*My tip brushed against her cervix.*
Yukie: Ahh, i-it's so deep... Hwahn, mnn!
*In no time at all, her insides filled with love juices.*
Yamato: It feels great... This is amazing, Yukie.
Yukie: Ugh...
*The sweet words whispered into her ears brought a tighter squeeze from her membranes.*
*I moved my penis left and right, squicky sounds resounding from within her.*
Yukie: Haahh... No matter how many times I hear it, that sound still sounds nasty.
Yamato: Isn't it--mnph--proof of our pleasure?
Yukie: Yah... Ah, hah, mnn, fwah...
*I explored every inch of her walls, trying to find where she was the most sensitive.*
Yukie: Ah, you're getting even bigger inside me? Ahh!
Yamato: It feels so good that it's expanded to its limit...
*But no matter where I touched her, her reactions were the same.*
Yamato: Then... I'll try somewhere else.
*I scooped her swaying boobs in my hands.*
Yukie: Hau...
Yamato: Oh... Your nipples are getting a little softer. See?
Yukie: Ahhh! Kh, fwah, please don't pinch them like that.
Yamato: Your boobs are so big and seductive...
Yukie: Hau... Mnn. That's... not... Ah!
Yamato: There's no need to be modest. I'll hug them and squeeze them and call them Georgettes.
*I groped her amazingly firm breasts.*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, hah, my chest, it feels so hot... Ah.
*Her soaked pussy enveloped my member.*
Yamato: Mnn, this feels great... for me too...
*Her walls were so soft, yet their grip was so tight.*
Yukie: Mnn... Mm, ah, Yamato-san... Fwaahhh...
Yukie: Ah, fwaaah... Please... Don't move... Your hands... So much--Ah, please!
Yamato: Would you prefer if I moved my hips more?
Yukie: Ah, ahh...! Yamato-san, you're such a bully.
*My glans crashed against her womb.*
Yamato: Not just your boobs, but here, too?
Yukie: Mn, kwah! Ah, ahh?! That's... Fwah!
*I stimulated her clit with my love-juice-soaked fingers.*
Yukie: Ahh, no, if you keep going like that--Yamato-san... I can't... Fwaahhh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie.
Yukie: Fwah, Yamato-san...! Ah, ahhh!
*Every time I touched her clitoris, her feminine body jerked in response.*
Yukie: Aww... I-I feel like I'm going crazy all over again.
*All the while, I kept stimulating her tits.*
Yukie: I-I don't even have the strength to sit up anymore--Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: We're so hard up here and down below, Yukie.
Yukie: Fwah... I-If you keep going, I'll...
*Yukie arched her back and trembled in ecstasy.*
Yukie: I-I'm... Ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: About to cum?
Yukie: Mnf... Kwah... Y-Yes...
*Her walls were clutching at my cock, leading me to my own ejaculation.*
Yamato: Yukie... I can feel it coming too... You're so cute, I just...
*I snatched an eagle grip of her swaying breast, doubled down on my ministrations to her clit.*
Yukie: Kweh... Mnkh, ahh, Y-Yamato-san, ah, ahh, I-I can't, ah, ahhhh!
*Yukie's walls squeezed on me like a vice.*
Yukie: Ahhh, help me, Yamato-san! Mnahh! Ah, fwah! Hwahhh!
Yamato: Yukie, when you cum, tell me... Mnph!
*I slammed into her, pushing her over the edge.*
Yukie: Kwah... Ahh, I'm cumming... I'm going to cum...
Yamato: Yukie!
*I pinched her clit and drove in even deeper.*
Yukie: Ah, ahhhh! Yamato-san, I'm cumming! Ah!
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: Fwaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
*I sent gushes of sperm towards her womb.*
Yukie: Mn, hah, kh... Fwoooh...
*A shower of semen upon that entrance.*
Yukie: Haaaahhh, Yamato-san...
*She let it all flow in as she quivered in joy.*
Yamato: I'm still cumming.
*Spurrrrt!*
Yukie: Ts... Waahhh...
Yamato: Mm... Mm... Yukie.
*I worked her sweaty tits while I came away.*
Yukie: Heh... Huff, huff... Huff... Ahhh.
*This time, I could feel her pussy twitching.*
Yamato: Whoa... Just being inside of you feels amazing.
*My penis still hadn't lost its rigidity.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... I... can keep... going...
Yamato: Mm.
*I raised my head and kissed my kind girlfrined.*
Yukie: Aww... Yamato-san, please, do whatever you'd like.
Yukie: ...My mind's gone blank... I've never felt like this before.
Yamato: Blank how?
Yukie: ...As if... Anything you did... would bring me pleasure.
Yamato: You're so cute... Then I'll start up again.
Yukie: ...Yes Ah!
*I once more moved my hips, this time slowly at first.*
Yukie: A-Aweh... Your cock is so robust.
*We pressed our sensitized genitals together.*
Yamato: Huff... Yukie...
Yukie: Yamato-san... Ahh, this is amazing!
Yamato: Does it feel better... The faster I go?
Yukie: Hwah! Mn, kweh... Ah, auu, i-it feels amazing...
Yamato: Yukie, I can't quite hear you.
Yukie: Ahhh! It feels amazing. It feels wonderful!
Yamato: And you love me?
Yukie: Yes, Yamato-san... Ahhhn! I love you! Mnph! Kwah!
Yamato: I love you too, Yukie.
Yukie: Kweh... Ahn, mn, ooh... I couldn't be happier.
Yamato: So you masturbate every day?
Yukie: Haauuu?! Don't embarrass me!
Yamato: But you do, right?
Yukie: Aweh, p-please don't pinch my chest. Auu... Aww...
Yukie: Huff, Huff, I-I do.
Yamato: While thinking about me?
Yukie: Hauuu... I couldn't possi--Ah, auun!
Yamato: You don't...?
Yukie: Ooh... Ooh, manhhh! I do! Huff, huff... Mnph! So many times...
*I wriggled my hips, focused on driving into her.*
Yukie: Ahh... Yes... It feels wonderful... Ah.
Yamato: Such a cute girl as you... Mnph... Deserves a reward for your honest answer.
Yukie: Mnah... Ah... Ah, ahhh.
Yamato: Sticking out your tongue? That's so cute.
*I took her moist tongue in my fingers, played with it.*
Yukie: Haweh... Ah... Hwaheh... Hah... Hweh.
Yamato: Mnn, so what do you think about while you masturbate?
Yukie: Fwah, ahh, ahhhhh...
Yamato: Mnph, mnph... Say, me making sweet love to you?
Yukie: Y-You're mistaken... Ah, ahhh.
Yamato: I am...? Mnph, then what do you think about?
Yukie: Oooh...
Yamato: Yukie! (I pounded, and pounded, and pounded, and pounded!)
Yukie: Huff, ah, ah, ah, I'll tell you. I-I imagined it just like... this... Ahh...
Yamato: So you were a bit masochistic?
Yukie: ...Oooh, that's exactly right.
Yamato: Well said. You're the greatest, Yukie.
Yukie: I feel so embarrassed... *sniff*
Yamato: I masturbated to you, too... And I imagined it like this!
*I moved my hips and rubbing against her wet walls.*
Yukie: Ahhh, fwaah, mn, kweh...
*I ground my hips aginst her, drove her past the edge.*
Yukie: Ah, fwaaah...! Kwah... Mn! Yamato-san, if you keep going, I'll... I'll...
Yamato: Yukie... I'm cumming too!
Yukie: Ah... Ahh, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Yukie... Do you want me to cum inside you?
Yukie: Yes! Fwah, ah, please cum inside me!
Yamato: Got it... Mmph!
*I drove deep into her pussy, aiming to bring her to her end in one fell swoop.*
Yukie: I'm... cumming...
*Spew! Spew! Spew! Spew!*
Yukie: Ahhhhhhh...
*I clutched onto her legs and came away.*
*Spew, splat, spurt...*
Yukie: Ahh... Your sperm... It's so hot... And there's so much...
*It dribbled from where our bodies met.*
Yamato: Huff... I'm still cumming, Yukie...
*The spunk dirtied the futon, but I couldn't care less.*
Yukie: Ahhhhh... First my mind, and now my body... You've filled them both with your essence.
*Sp-Spurt! Spew, spew...*
Yukie: Hwaaahh... You're still cumming... This is too incredible.
*Her body continued to convulse.*
Yamato: One... last time, eh? After all, see how hard I still am?
Yukie: ...Huh?
*I proceeded to shove it into her.*
Yukie: Mnweh, ahh, Y-Yamato-san?!
*Then pistoned away.*
Yukie: Ahah, no, I'm cumming, I'm cumming already!
Yukie: I can't, not now, ahh, I'm cumming a-again!
Yukie: Fwaaahh, mnahhhh!
*Yukie reached her second climax in so short a time.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huff...
*But even then I kept moving my hips.*
Yukie: Mnah, ah, ahh, stop...
Yukie: I can't, I can't... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Your lips say one thing, but your hips say another. They're swinging away.
Yukie: Ahh! P-Please don't say that. Ah, ahh.
Yukie: M-My, it won't... Ahhh, fwahh!
*We rubbed our sweaty bodies together.*
Yamato: I'm not cumming yet, Yukie...
*I briefly paused my hips.*
*It took a lot of stamina to thrust all night long.*
Yukie: Awww... Huff, mn... Mm... Mm.
Yamato: Kwah?
*But then Yukie started swinging her own hips.*
Yukie: Ahhh... Yamato-san, more... Mmn.
Yukie: Please keep making love to me... Ahh.
*She wriggled her hips, knocked them against mine.*
Yamato: Kweh... It's hard to believe you were a virgin earlier today.
Yamato: ...You're so dirty.
Yukie: O-Only because of you, Yamato-san...
Yukie: So--Mmph!--please move...
Yukie: Please fuck me, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Then I have a request, Yukie.
Yukie: Okay, whatever you want.
Yamato: I want to fill you up completely.
Yamato: Would you finish by drinking my cum?
Yukie: Y-Yes... Please fill my stomach with your cum too.
Yamato: Mnn, then I'll thrust!
Yukie: Kweh... Ah, Yamato-san!
*I kept myself tight against her.*
Yukie: Fweh... Ah, fwah... Mn, ahh.
*She threw back her head, tracing an arch with her alabaster skin.*
Yukie: Ahhh, this... It's amazing, Yamato-san.
*A sweet scent wafted from her pristine locks.*
Yamato: Mmm... Yukie...
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust. I cupped them in my hands.*
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, Yamato-san...
*Then I groped them to exhaustion.*
Yukie: Hwai... Ah, you're such a beast...
*My glans continued to grind against her womb's door.*
Yukie: Fwah... Ah, this is wonderful, Yamato-san...
*Yukie too thrust her hips, giving herself over to lust.*
Yukie: Give it to me... Yamato-san, give me your sperm.
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, Yukie!
*Mustering all the strength left in me, I pounded deep into her depths.*
Yukie: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
*I embraced her as hard as I could.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Yukie: Ahhh... Huff, huff... Ahh, awah... Mnn...
*The cum continued to pour into her.*
Yukie: Ah, ah... Mm, fwah... It's so hot... Kweh?
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san... You're still moving? Fwah, ahh.
Yamato: It feels so good, I can't stop... Yukie, Yukie!
*As I rubbed inside her, my penis pulsed again and again, cum spewing out each time.*
Yukie: Hwah! Yamato-san... Any more, and I'll... Ah, ahh!
Yukie: Hwaaaah, I'm cumming again...
Yamato: Me too. I'm cumming too...
*Massaging her drooping melons, I ejaculated once more.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Yukie: Even more... cum--Kh, ooh, mnnooh...
Yamato: I can't believe, mnph, how tight you are...
*How tight she was around the penis deep inside of her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... You're so rough...
*A heavy stream of cum came from down there.*
*Thick man-juice, pouring into her.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Yamato-san...
*After Yukie'd caught her breath, I withdrew my penis.*
*Her previously pure slit now dribbled with my semen.*
Yamato: This sweaty ass of yours...
*I pulled open her buttcheeks, then set my penis against the crack.*
Yukie: Ooh, m-my ass feels so hot.
*Then I rubbed my penis against that beautiful buttcrack.*
Yukie: Hau, Y-Yamato-san, where are you...?
Yamato: I'm going to let your big-ass butt make me feel amazing.
Yamato: I've wanted to do this ever since I first saw it.
Yukie: I-Is that so...? Aweh, it's so hot...
Yamato: Your figure's amazing from head to toe, mnkh, but your ass takes the cake.
Yukie: Ahh, you've gotten hard again...
Yamato: Yeah... That just goes to show how hot you are.
Yukie: Ahh... Ahhh.
Yamato: One last time... I'm cumming again, Yukie.
*Working my rod with my hand, I thrust my dick into Yukie's mouth.*
Yamato: Ah...
*Then I unleashed my seed inside that wet embrace.*
Yukie: ...Mnn... Kh... *gulp, gulp*
*As promised, Yukie swallowed all of my semen.*
*Her expression, melting with ecstasy.*
*I gently stroked her hair.*
Yukie: Aweh...
*And adored the sweetest moans I'd ever heard.*
*There were people at the dorm.*
*Things were too hurried at school.*
*Which meant...*
*Our love nest was the secret base.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Yukie.
Yukie: *kiss*... Mnn... Heheh.
Yamato: What?
Yukie: I've grown accustomed to how demanding you can be here at the base.
Yukie: I can finally relax and truly enjoy making out.
Yamato: Then flip up your skirt.
Yukie: That doesn't mean you have to be that sudden!
Yukie: I mean, that seems, uh...
*I sat down on the sofa.*
Yamato: I got me a mighty fine hankerin' to see your panties.
Yukie: Why did you adopt that sham accent...?
Yukie: ...But all right, if you insist.
Yamato: Uh, I don't want to push you into something you're not comfortable with.
Yukie: My heart's pounding... H-Here.
Yamato: ...It's your usual favorite color.
Yukie: D-Do these... Umm...
Yamato: What'cha got eatin' you up?
Yukie: Do you enjoy, or rather, are you excited by my underwear?
Yamato: That sexy thing could make me cum on the spot.
Yukie: A-Are they that sexy?
Yukie: This still seems, umm, odd to me, how obsessed you are with--
Yamato: There isn't anything i'm obsessed with more than you, Yukie.
Yamato: Any underwear would turn me on, so long as your legs are what's in them.
Yukie: Th-There you go again with that flattery...
Yamato: It ain't flattery, and I can prove it.
Yukie: Wawa...
Yamato: Behold the holy sword o' Yamatoland: Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi.
*I dug my hard dick out of my pants.*
Yukie: Wawawa... Wah. Wah. I-It's so big!
Yamato: Ain't this here the first time what you've seen it so close in the light o' day?
Yukie: I-I can see it twitching... Fwah...
Yamato: You're welcome to give it a sniff too.
Yukie: O-Okay... *sniff, sniff*... *sniff*
Yukie: Hau... It smells so... beast-like.
Yamato: Tryin' to pull off this accent's gettin' to be more trouble than it's worth...
Yamato: So, Yukie, would you mind if I begged for something?
Yukie: Huh?
Yamato: Could you lick my member?
Yukie: You want me to...?
Yamato: I know I've never sprung this on you before.
Yamato: But I want you to make me feel good.
*I said as I gently stroked her hair.*
Yukie: Fwah...
*She softened at my touch.*
Yamato: Will you?
Yukie: Y-Yes! I will put my heart and soul into it.
Yukie: Though I don't have much confidence I can succeed...
Yamato: Hey, are you trying to distract me while you fix your skirt?
Yukie: Huh? Wha?
Yamato: I want you to blow me while I gaze at those sexy panties of yours.
Yukie: Aww... That's so much to ask for, and you ask it so lightly...
Yamato: Yukie, all you have to do is suck.
Yukie: Yamato-san, you really are such a pervert.
Yamato: Yeah, but try to keep that a secret from the others. I have a reputation to protect.
Yamato: So let's go, Yukki!
Yukie: I-It's so hot...
Yukie: ...Oooh... P-Please don't rub it against my face.
Yamato: But your skin's so wonderfully soft.
Yukie: ...All right... Okay...
Yukie: *lick* *lick*...
Yamato: Whoa...
Yukie: W-Was that to your liking? *lick, smack*
Yamato: Yeah, keep going.
Yukie: Yes... *lick*... *lick*... Mnn... Hah, mn, *smack, lick*...
Yamato: Whoa...
Yukie: Heh, mnn... Ah, fwah... Aheh... *lick, lick*
Yukie: Yamato-san, it's so hard... *smack, lick, lick* heh, heh... *lick, lick, peck*...
Yamato: The way you give head is so pretty.
Yukie: Y-You're exaggerating... *lick* Mn... *lick* Please don't be like that... *peck* *lick*...
Yukie: Mn... *lick*... *lick, smack*... *lick*... *lick*
Yukie: (Amazing. It twitches every time I lick it...)
Yukie: (I want to make him feel even better.)
Yamato: Yukie, don't focus just on one spot. Lick everywhere.
Yukie: Everywhere? Okay.
*Her tongue slobbered its way up my shaft.*
Yukie: *lick, slurp, lick*... *smack, peck* Mnn...
*Then wound that saliva-soaked tongue along my glans.*
Yukie: Aweh, mn, ah, nfh... *slurp, peck, peck*
Yamato: That vein, and where it narrows -- I think that's where it feels the best.
Yukie: Understood... *lick, smack, lick*... Mn... *kiss, lick*...
Yukie: Heh, mn... Mm, ah, Yamato-san... *smack, lick* *lick*... *lick*
Yukie: Mmm, mn... Hah... *kiss*... *lick, smack*...
*Yukie diligently licked even around my urethra.*
Yukie: *smack*... *lick* *peck*... Aweh... Mnn... *slurp*... *slurp, slurp* Ah...
*She serviced me with what could only be described as passionate.*
Yukie: *kiss* *smack*... *lick* *peck*... *kiss*
*And I loved every second of it.*
Yukie: (I know this flavor...)
Yukie: Yamato-san... Your dick's getting wet. *lick*
Yamato: Yeah, your blowjob feels amazing.
Yukie: I'm happy to hear it... *lick, lick, lick*
Yamato: I want to do something for you too.
*I saw how her butt shook with every bob of her head, and grabbed that ass.*
Yukie: Ah, Yamato-san...?
Yamato: Every time I see you, you look wonderful down here.
*I didn't hesitate to caress those perfect hips.*
Yamato: Do you like it when I touch you?
*I fondled her firm asscheeks.*
Yukie: Hah... Umm... That's... Ahh!
Yamato: You're so sensitive, aren't you?
Yukie: Hau... Mm... Mmm.
*I slipped my fingers inside her panties.*
Yukie: Ah?! Y-Yamato-san?
Yamato: See? I knew you'd like this.
*I let them slide all the way down to her asscrack.*
Yukie: Ah, I-I can't.
*Yukie squirmed before my touch.*
Yamato: You know there's no escape, and you want this.
*I lean forward, extending my reach all the way to her asshole.*
Yukie: Hah... Ahhh... Th-That's...
Yamato: That's your most sensitive spot.
Yukie: Ah, ahhh, y-you misundersta--fwah, I can't...
Yamato: I mean, I can see how turned on you are.
Yukie: Ah... Ah, please, don't move your fingers.
*Every time I scratched my nail against her hole--*
Yukie: Mnfh, ahh!
*A shudder ran through her back.*
Yamato: You can't get enough of my little massage, can you?
Yukie: Kwah... Ah, why do you have to keep focusing there...?
*As my ministrations to her asshole continued, I could feel her relax and grow less tight.*
Yamato: You get so turned on from me touching your ass.
Yukie: ...Kh, you bully... Please don't say that.
*Yukie's asscheeks grew soaked with sweat.*
Yukie: Aweh... Kh, ah! I-I can't... I can't!
Yamato: Oh. Then you want me to stop?
Yukie: Huh...?
Yamato: If you can't handle it, well...
Yukie: ...Ooh...
Yamato: If you want me to keep going, blow me.
Yukie: *lick*... *lick, smack, lick*...
Yamato: No time to agonize over it?
Yukie: Mnf... *lick, lick*... *smack, smack*... Mn.
*As promised, I resumed stimulating her ass.*
Yukie: Ah, mn, mn...! Mnah... Haweh...
*When I slid my fingers along her to her slit...*
Yukie: Aauu...
*A moist dampness had spread around her secret garden.*
Yamato: Yukie... Giving me a blowjob and having your ass fondled turns you on?
Yukie: Mn... *lick* you're getting even wetter yourself.
Yukie: I suck and I suck, but more keeps coming. *lick*
Yamato: Then this time, try putting it all the way in.
Yukie: ...Understood... I'll deepthroat your dick.
*Yukie obediently obeyed.*
Yukie: Ahh... Hamph...
Yamato: Your mouth... It feels so good... Suck me, Yukie.
Yukie: Mmm... 'ay... *kiss*... *slurp*
Yukie: *kiss*... Mn, mnkh... *kiss*... *slurp*... *kiss*
Yukie: Mnfh... *lick, lick* Mnah... *slurp*... Mnn... *kiss*...
Yukie: Mm, ah... Pwah... Amazing... There's always more precum... Mn... *kiss*... *slurp*... *suck*...
Yukie: *slurp, smack*... Mn, ah... *kiss* mnkh... mnkh... mnkh...
*Yukie noisily slurped up my precum.*
Yukie: ...Huff, mn... Yamato-san, it's so... *kiss* *gulp, smack* Mnkh... Mn... *gulp*...
Yamato: Yukie, you must really like the taste.
Yukie: *slurp* Aweh... Yes, it is delicious... Hamph, nfh... *slurp* *smack* *kiss*
Yukie: *suck* Nmm... *lick, lick*... *smack*
*By way of a reward, I drove a finger up her ass.*
Yukie: Nmm?! Mnn... Hahn, mnn! *slurp*... *suck*... *kiss*...
*I began to gently and ever-so-shallowly piston my finger.*
Yukie: Nmm... Heh... *lick, lick*... Mn... *slurp*... Mn.
*The finger-fucking in her ass had made her more bold.*
Yukie: ...Mn... *kiss*... *lick* *lick*... Nmm, ooh... Mnn... *smack* Hamph... *slurp*
Yamato: That's it, Yukie... It feels amazing.
Yukie: Mn... *slurp* *smack*... *kiss*
Yukie: (N-No way! His dick's getting even bigger inside my mouth.)
Yukie: (Yamato-san... Yamato-san!)
Yukie: *slurp*... *kiss* *lick* *lick*... Mngh, mnf... Ooh...
Yamato: Mn, kh, ah... Ah!
Yukie: Mm... *smack* *lick*... *slurp* *kiss*...
Yamato: Kwah, I'm cumming!
*Spurrrrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Yukie: Mn-mnnnnnnn! Mnkh, mnn!
*Yukie took my load in her mouth.*
Yukie: Mn...... Mngh...... Mmmm... *gulp*
*Spurt... Spew... Spurt...*
Yukie: Mnn... *gulp*... Mngh... Mngh... *gulp*...
*But the flow of semen didn't stop.*
*Spew! Pwoo! Spew! Spurt!*
Yukie: Mnn... Mnkh, mnkh... *kiss*... *gulp*...
Yukie: Mn... *kiss*... *slurp*... Mngh... *gulp* *gulp*
Yukie: *lick* *suck*... *smack*... Pwah...
Yukie: Huff... Huff... I swallowed all of it.
Yamato: Yeah, that felt awesome.
*I stroked my fingers across her slit, and hear a little plop.*
Yukie: Hau...
Yamato: You're this wet, just from giving me head?
Yukie: Aww, please don't talk like that.
Yamato: I'll do my best to make you feel good too, Yukie.
Yamato: After all, look. I'm still hard.
Yukie: Even though you already came once, too... Incredible.
Yamato: I'm already ready for round 2! Let's go!
Yukie: Ah!
*I tore off her clothes.*
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, not so wild -- Eeek!
*I immediately thrust myself inside her.*
Yukie: Hauu! ...Fwaaaaah...
Yukie: Ahh... Ah! Haau... Y-You're inside me... Ah!
Yukie: Yamato-san, it's getting even... Aweh...
Yamato: Yukie, your insides are perfectly moist.
Yukie: Y-Yamato-san, you're... You're so hot too, and... Aweh!
Yamato: 'And'?
Yukie: A-And hard, and reliable, mnahhh!
Yamato: Thanks. I'm going to fuck the hell out of you.
Yukie: The hell out of...? Hah, hwah, ahhhhh...
*Little by little, I began moving my hips vertically.*
Yukie: Hah... Mn, kh... Ooohn! Auuu!
Yamato: Now that's a sexy sound. It sounds so sticky.
Yukie: ...Ahn... Ah, fwah... Ah, ahhh, Yamato-san, your dick's so... Hahn, kwah...
Yamato: I feel amazing, but what about you?
Yukie: Fwah, y-yes... I feel wonderful... Mn.
Yamato: I love this position, and how I can play with your boobs... See?
*I pinched down on her nipples.*
Yukie: Hwah! Fwah, mn...! Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Yamato-san... You grope them so dirtily--Ah!
Yamato: Your boobs are so big, they're... They're perfect, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahn, haaahhh... D-Don't knead my breasts so much... Ah, ahh!
Yamato: Your moans are as sweet as your hair smells, Yukie.
Yukie: ...Ahn, ah... Yamato-san... Yamato-san...
Yukie: You're... Fwah... Even deeper inside me... Ahh...
Yukie: And you're getting even bigger... Mn, ooh... It's so manly. Yamato-san...
Yamato: And it looks like you enjoy when I play with your breasts.
Yukie: Y-Yes... When you pinch my nipple, I--
Yamato: Like this?
Yukie: Hau... Ah... Your fingers feel amazing...
Yamato: I'm moving my hips too, Yukie... I love you!
Yukie: Awah... Ah, kwah, Y-Yamato-san!
Yukie: I love you... I love you too... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Yukie... Yukie!
Yukie: Mnkh, i-it feels so good... Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Your things feels so good, ah, ahh, ah.
Yukie: ...Ah, ahhh! I-If you do that...
Yukie: Kwah, I-I-I'm going to cum...
Yukie: Ah, ahh, ah, ah, ahhh, ah!
Yukie: Ah, ahh! I'm cumming!
*Her entire body twitched.*
Yamato: You're so hot, Yukie.
*I kept moving, never stopping the vertical thrusts.*
Yukie: Haahh, mnkh... Ooh...
Yamato: The vice grip of your pussy feels incredible.
Yukie: Th-That shows how amazing your cock is... Ah.
*Yukie herself aggressively moved her hips.*
Yukie: Haah, mnkh, mn, mnn...! Yamato-san, Yamato-san, ah, ahh...
*I groped Yukie's boobs.*
Yukie: Fwaaahhh, my breasts are so hot... Ahhh!
*I dropping my hips as low as I could, I shoved up so high my balls slapped her thighs.*
Yukie: ...Mm, ahh, aiee, haahh...! You're so deep... Ah, Yamato-san!
Yamato: Look down, and you can see where we're connected.
Yukie: Kwah, th-that's too embarrassing!
Yamato: Is it? But, mmph, look at where we are... our Secret Base.
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff, huh...?
Yamato: What if someone's here right now, hiding their presence so they can watch?
Yukie: Huff, ah, mnah, th-that couldn't be!
Yamato: Just think about it... having sex in front of everyone.
Yamato: Maybe they'd all watch while eating Cookie's popcorn.
Yukie: Aweh... Fwahh, ahhhh!
Yamato: Doesn't it turn you on?
Yukie: Hah, heh, hwah...! Yamato... san...! You can be such a bully... Ah!
Yamato: Mnkh. And I'm a wild animal!
*I thrust myself again and again through her tight passage.*
Yukie: Haweh! Mn, ahh...
Yamato: Does that feel good?
Yukie: Y-Yes! ...Wah, ahh, it's so good.
*I pounded my glans against the deepest part of her vagina.*
Yukie: I-It's reaching all the way... Kh... Mn, ah...! Yamato-san, it's so deep... Wah, ahah!
Yukie: Mm... Y-Y-Yamato-san! I-I'm cumming again...! Fwah, aiee... Haaahhh!
Yamato: Keep your voice down, or someone will hear you.
Yukie: Aweh, ah, mn, but I can't stop.
Yamato: Yukie... I'm... I'm...
Yukie: Ahh, yes... Yamato-san... Please cum inside me... Ah, ahhh!
Yukie: Please fill me with your sperm!
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahhh, Yamato-san, Yamato-san!
*With every ounce of strength I had, I drove myself into her deepest depths.*
Yukie: Hau... Ahhh, aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Yukie: Ah, kweh, aieen... Kh,, hah...
*I groped her voluptuous bosom as I continued to cum.*
Yukie: Ah, ahaa...! Th-There's still more...
Yukie: You're filling me... up... Heh, ah.
Yukie: Ahh... Ahh, ah... It's overflowing...
Yamato: Yukie... Can I ask you for one last thing?
Yukie: Y-Yes... You want me to clean up, I know...
*............*
Yukie: *kiss*... *slurp*... *lick, lick*... Mn, *kiss*...
*Again she buried her face in my crotch.*
Yukie: *lick*... *slurp*... *slurrrrp*... Mn... *kiss*
*She licked her own juices off my cock.*
Yukie: Mn... *suck*... *lick*... *lick*... *slurp*... Mn...
Yamato: Yukie, this feels incredible. *pat pat*
Yukie: Mmf...
Yukie: *smack*... *kiss*... *slurp* Mnn... *suck*
Yukie: (Ahhh... There's still more... of Yamato's semen, coming out.)
Yukie: (It's so thick, and smells so strong...)
Yukie: (But the more I drink, the more I love it.)
Yukie: *slurp* *lick*... Mnf... *kiss* *suck*
Yukie: (I'm turning into such a nasty girl...)
Yamato: Yukie... I love how passionate you are.
Yukie: (But Yamato, no matter how much I lick, you're always so hard.)
Yukie: (I can't win against your robust manliness.)
Yamato: Thanks. You can stop anytime you want to.
Yukie: (I want to drink another load, one more.)
Yukie: *sllllurp, slllllurp* *slurp* *smack*... *slurp*
Yamato: Wah, you caught me by surprise...
Yukie: Mnph... Mnph... Mn... *slurp, slurp*... *slllllurp*! *smack, peck*...
Yamato: Y-You're going to make me cum again...
Yukie: (Please release another huge load in my mouth, Yamato-san.)
Yukie: ...*smack*... Mnp... *slurp*... *suck* *slurp*
Yamato: Yukie, this is too hot... Kh, ah!
Yukie: Mnn... *slurp* *peck* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*...
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spurrrrrrt!*
Yukie: Mnnnn...! Mnf, mn, oooh...
Yukie: (He came... Ah, and it's still so thick...)
Yukie: *gulp* *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*... Mnk, mngh...
Yukie: (Having his hot sperm shoot down my throat could prove addictive.)
Yukie: ...Mmf... *gulp, gulp*... Mn... *lick*
Yukie: Pwah...
Yamato: Thanks, Yukie.
*I gently embraced her.*
Yukie: Thank goodness...
Yukie: I was able to do it.
Yamato: You didn't just do it -- you aced it.
Yamato: Okay, time to make it up to you by lovingly licking your backside.
Yukie: Hauuu...
*I woke up refreshed.*
Yukie: ...Oh, he's awake. O-Okay, then Operation: Start!
Yukie: Shift activated!
Yamato: Hmm... What a good sleep. I'm keeping perfect care of my body, if I do say so myself.
Yamato: But it's still a bit hot...
*I had a number of voicemails, so I listened to them.*
Shouichi: This here's Capt! I'm out at Sagami Lake, and I've spotted this totally suspicious clan all clad in white. I'm going in!
*Capt used his Finishing Strike: Going on an Adventure! It's super effective!*
Shouichi: They're heading off towards Mt. Fuji, but there's no way I'm letting them shake me. Going radio silent.
*I hoped to anyone who was listening that he made it home safe.*
Bookstore Owner: Hey, the books you were lookin' for came in.
Yamato: Wow, I'll have to pick them up later!
*Maybe I'd just go and have an elegant morning bath.*
Yamato: ...Wait, there's no one here?
*I couldn't remember the last time the dorm had been this quiet.*
Yamato: Right, everyone said they were heading out last night.
Yamato: Ugh, I'm starving... Food first, bath later.
Yamato: But even so, I'm bored. Couldn't there be, like, something out of a fantasy novel in my life?
Yamato: That'll never happen, but maybe I could have the occasional adventure, like Capt's...?
Yukie: A-Aaauuu... Yamato-san...
Yamato: This is an omen, of a grand adventure.
Yukie: Good... morning?
Yamato: WHOA NELLY!
Yukie: ...Ooh.
Yamato: What?
Yukie: ...N-No... It's just...
Yamato: Yeah?
Yukie: I was hoping this surprise before your eyes would elicit some reaction, or...
Yamato: It's awesome!
Yukie: Wh-What a quick reply!
Yamato: ...I'm going to admire you so hard.
Yamato: So feel free to turn back towards the kitchen.
Yukie: Y-Your eyes feel so...
Yamato: If you're putting on a show, I'm going to watch.
Yamato: So go ahead, keep cooking.
Yukie: Awww...
*Yukie fidgeted.*
*Her big ass shook with every wiggle.*
Yamato: I can't believe you're blushing. You look incredible.
Yukie: W-Well, you see...
Yukie: I thought you would throw yourself at me...
Yukie: But instead, you're actually balanced between calmness and passion.
Yukie: S-So how am I supposed to react?
*She fidgeted more as she spoke.*
*Again swaying her plump, naked hips.*
Yamato: Well, I was holding back...
Yamato: But if you want me to take you, then fuck yes!
Yukie: Auu?!
*I didn't hesitate to pull her close.*
Yamato: Yukie, come with me.
Yukie: A-All right.
*I took her hand. She followed along, nervously.*
Yamato: Mm, let's do it hereabouts.
Yukie: Bwuh? But what if someone opens the front door?!
Yamato: Isn't that thrill what makes life worth living? *kiss*
Yukie: Hamph... *kiss*
Yukie: Mm... *lick, slurp, smack* pwah.
Yamato: Let's do it here.
Yukie: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Then stick out your butt.
Yukie: I-I knew you were going to request this.
Yukie: B-B-B-B-But I am ready.
Yamato: Well, no need to blow a fuse. *pat pat*
Yukie: ...Yes...
Yukie: I-Is this good...?
Yamato: Yes! Exactly!
Yukie: ...Ahhh.
Yamato: It's so bright, I can clearly see everything in your special place.
Yukie: Ahhh... P-Please don't say that.
Yamato: But don't you like it?
Yukie: A-Are you talking dirty to me...?
Yamato: It's so much easier to see during the day.
Yukie: ...Stop!
Yamato: C'mon, move your hands.
Yukie: Awww...
Yamato: Nothing could make me happier than a naked apron, Yukie.
Yukie: R-Really?! Thank goodness.
Yamato: But only a dirty woman could make this choice.
Yukie: Oh, I just wanted to make you happy, so...
Yamato: I appreciate that, but I think you're enjoying this more than you're letting on.
Yukie: Yamato-san... You're such a bully.
Yamato: You have an ass like a ripe fruit.
*I groped and kneaded it to my liking.*
Yukie: Fwah... Ahhh.
Yamato: And it's as sensitive as ever.
Yukie: That's because you're always touching it--Mn! You made it sensitive.
*While I fondled her ass, Yukie grabbed my hand.*
Yamato: I love you, Yukie. (I held her hand in turn.)
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Which is exactly why I have to clean myself off.
Yukie: Fweh?
Yamato: Yukie, I'm going to go take a bath.
Yamato: I want you to stand just like that and wait for me.
Yukie: That's too difficult! Hamph...
Yamato: Mn... *kiss*
Yukie: Hmm... *kiss*... Mn... *lick, kiss*
Yamato: Pwah. You can do it, right? (I patted her head.)
Yukie: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Good. Then wait for me.
*I dove into the tub and washed my body.*
Yamato: Thanks for waiting.
Yukie: ...Ohhh... That took you forever.
Yamato: Sorry, sorry. I wanted to make sure I didn't miss anywhere.
Yukie: What if someone had found me?
Yamato: Eh, no one minds the guy in the bath.
Yukie: That's beyond the pale...
Yamato: I'm kidding. If someone had come, I know you would've sensed them coming and ran. It's not like I tied you up or anything.
Yukie: Ooh.
Yamato: I thought this through, don't worry. Besides, you think I'm going to let anyone else see your skin?
Yamato: ...Well, this teasing aside...
*I rested a finger along her slit.*
Yukie: Hah... Kh.
*It felt soft, springy.*
Yamato: Look how wet you are... I mean, listen to it.
Yukie: Ahhhn... No, please stop.
Yamato: You must have really enjoyed how I made you wait, Yukie.
Yukie: Haaah... Ahh?!
Yamato: See how hard it is? That's because you're just that hot.
*This time I took her hand first.*
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Ah, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Now you're even wetter.
Yukie: Heh, aauu... Please don't stare so hard.
Yamato: But it's adorable how much it twitches.
Yukie: Y-You don't need to give a narratio--Fwah? Hwah, your fingers are... That's so dirty. Mnah...
*I licked her love juice off my fingers.*
Yamato: It's a sugar-sweet festival in my mouth!
Yukie: I-I don't need those reviews either. Fwah, ah!
*As I continued to caress her slit, I moved my other hand to her ass.*
Yukie: Fwah, mnah, you always play with my butt... Hah, mnkh... Ah... Mnaahhh!
*I slowly moved my palm across it, almost as if I were kneading it, savoring the firmness.*
Yamato: I think it's time to put it in.
Yukie: ...Yes... Please put it in...
*Doggy-style had been tricky at first, but I'd gotten used to it.*
Yukie: Auu! Fwaaaahh!
*I grabbed a firm hold of her beautiful ass and drove into her.*
Yamato: Mn... Yukie... It's amazing how wet you are inside too.
Yukie: Mn, ooh! Fwah, ahn, Yamato-san...
Yamato: Your insides feel so good.
Yukie: And Yamato-san, your dick is so hot and wonderful, hah, ah!
Yamato: I'm going in deeper.
Yukie: A-All right! Please come all the way in! Mn, ah!
Yamato: Mnph... I'm all the way... in.
Yukie: Aweh, ah, y-you're so deep... Manh, ah, wah, ooh!
*I took the bold step of remaining still inside her.*
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mm, Yamato-san...
*It was more than Yukie could bear. She began moving her hips, rubbing my member.*
Yukie: Mm... Ah... Fwah.
*After fucking her from behind day after day, she must've gotten addicted to it.*
*As I caressed her impressive hips, I began to piston.*
Yukie: Fwah... Your hard thing's, ooh, going wild inside me, mn... hah, fwah, mn, ahhh...
*I couldn't get enough of the sight of my rod burying into her white ass.*
Yukie: Hau... Uh, ah? Y-Yamato-san, what are you...?
Yamato: Since it's not every day you're wearing a naked apron...
*I peeled open her buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Ahhh, d-don't... You can't.
Yamato: C'mon, your hand's in the way. Let me through.
*With shallow movements, I rubbed the area around her entrance.*
Yukie: Fwaoo... Aww... All right... Ooh.
Yamato: Wow, I just saw your asshole twitch.
Yukie: Th-That's--Ah! Please don't look at it so closely, mnph.
*I continued to thrust into her while keeping her rear entrance fully visible.*
Yukie: Fwah, y-you're moving so violently... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Looking at yours is making me nervous... Mnah...
*I moved my hips more and more roughly.*
Yamato: Yukie, you're tighter, way tighter. Me looking must be turning you on.
Yukie: ...Ah, th-that's ridicul--Mnkh, ah!
Yamato: It's obviously true. Don't lie to me!
*I slapped against her rear.*
Yukie: Mnahh, auu! Mn, fwaoo... Ah, ah!
Yamato: Yukie, admit it.
Yukie: Y-Yes... Ah, you staring is turning me on, mnnph!
Yamato: Staring at what?
Yukie: Hauuu, mm, mm, my butt... hole.
Yamato: You're such a nasty woman.
Yukie: Aaah, I can't take any more embarrassment... But this is part of your teasing, isn't it? ...Mnkh!
Yamato: It's because you're cute when you're embarrassed... There, there.
*I sped up my hips.*
Yukie: Hwah! Mnaahh! Ahn, manoo... Y-Yamato-san... Mn, kh, ooh...
*My mind was consumed by the touch of her soft membranes.*
Yukie: Ahh, amazing... Yamato-san, your cock's so amazing... Ah, ahh!
*When I thrust all the way in, she arched her naked, alabaster-skinned back.*
Yukie: Th-This is good, so good, Yamato-san.
*I breathed in the sweet scent of her raven hair as I fucked away.*
Yukie: Ah, ah, ah, ah... I-I...
*Sweat already covered her body.*
Yamato: Your boobs are jiggling... Here, I'll feel them up.
Yukie: ...Ah, fwaahh... Ah.
Yamato: Hm, so you do like it more here.
*I teased her exposed asshole with my finger.*
Yukie: Fwaah, ah, ahh! Ooh! Ahhhh!
Yamato: I knew it. You can't hide anything from me, mnn.
Yukie: Ahhh, mm, ahh, haa, ahhh! I-If you do that!
*I scraped my glans against the deep regions of her slit.*
Yukie: Mm, kwah, I-I'm going to cum, mnkh, fwah, ahh, mn!
*I too could feel the sweet tingle of incoming ejaculation.*
Yukie: S-So, umm... A-Ahh, ah, Yamato-san... Cum too, please cum!
*Yukie dirtily kept swinging her hips.*
Yukie: I want your sperm...
*I could feel the hot substance on the verge of release.*
Yamato: Kwah, hah, got it... Lift your butt up more.
Yukie: Y-Yes!
Yamato: I'm cumming, Yukie.
Yukie: Ahh, Yamato-san, Yamato-san! Ah, ahhhh! I'm cumming, I am going to cum, ah!
*I shoved myself as deep as I could on the final attack.*
Yukie: Fwaaaaaahh! Ahhhh!
*Spew, epw... Spurt!*
Yukie: Kweh... Ah... Ahhh...
Yukie: Yamato-san... Mn, ahh...?!
Yukie: Y-You pulled out...? Mn, heh... But you always start up again after the first time. Mnn...
*I wiped off the cum on Yukie's body.*
Yamato: I thought I'd like to feel good from this.
Yukie: ...Ah?! Y-You're back to my butt? Mnah!
Yamato: Mm... Mm.
*I wedged my rod between her mammoth buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Ahh, I can feel your warmth.
*They squeezed down on me.*
Yukie: Mn, heh... Ah, mn... Huff, huff... You're moving.
Yukie: Ah...! Mnah, I can't believe it, you're rubbing me there?
Yamato: Yeah, it's awesome.
Yukie: D-Does my butt really feel that good?
Yamato: It's the greatest.
Yukie: Aweh... I-I'm happy to hear it, but this is embarrassing.
*I took an eagle grip of her swaying ass and pulled it close.*
Yukie: Ahh, your thing's going wild inside my crack...
*I worked my dick along her firm, youthful backside.*
Yamato: Ugh... Huff...
Yukie: Hauu?! M-My butthole...?
*I wiped the precum against her asshole.*
Yamato: Huff, huff, huff...
Yukie: Ahh, Yamato-san... You've become such a beast.
Yamato: Yukie, move... Please.
Yukie: A-All right... Mn, eigh.
*Yukie glomped her hips tight against me, then kept moving away.*
Yamato: Mn, mmm... Ahh.
Yukie: Fwah... Ah... Mm... Ah.
Yukie: I can feel it touching me, mnn, it's so good...
Yamato: And I love the touch of your asshole.
Yamato: I guess we're both abnormal.
*Yukie zealously moved her butt.*
Yukie: Ah, mn... Mn, mnah... Huff, huff... Mn, mn!
Yukie: Ah, ahhh... Please c-cum from my butt.
Yukie: Yamato-san... Yamato-san!
Yamato: Ah! Yukie, I'm cumming!
*Spurt...! Spew!*
Yukie: Fwah! ...Heh, wah... It's so hot...
Yukie: And there's so much... and it's all yours...
*Once again I pushed my penis between her buttcheeks.*
Yukie: Huh?
*I then let out all the semen that was left over, as if to dye her asshole white.*
Yukie: Ah, mm... Hau, there's so much... Inside my butt, it's so hot... Haweh, mn, ahh...
Yamato: Heh, ooh...! Ah, ahh!
Yukie: Ahhh...
Yamato: That felt wonderful...
Yukie: Huff, huff, huff...
Yamato: I'll wipe you off...
Yukie: Yamato-san...
Yamato: Though we're just getting started.
Yukie: --Huh?
*I lifted up Yukie's semen-covered ass.*
Yamato: I'm putting it in your backdoor. I'm taking your anal virginity too.
*I used my hands to open up her white butt and stared at her asshole.*
Yukie: Th-There? ...You can't, you just can't.
*My semen would serve as a dirty-white lubricant.*
Yamato: Your pink thing is quivering in anticipation.
Yukie: Ahhh, but it's so big. It won't fit.
Yamato: Mm, I'll be gentle. Mnn...
Yukie: Fwah! Ah, you're actually doing i--Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so hot back here too.
Yukie: Ahhh, it's so hard... N-No, I can't! Fwah!
Yamato: I want this, and I'm not stopping.
*Her rear entrance squeezed about me.*
Yukie: Ah?! Ahhhhhhhh!
*With the help of the semen, I fucked away.*
Yukie: Kh... Ahhh! You're in my stomach, hah, ah!
Yukie: Your hot thing's in there, ah, ah! Ah!
Yamato: Ooh, it's amazing how tight you are... I'm putting all of it in.
Yukie: Ooh, khgh...
Yukie: ..Huff, huff, huff... You're trembling inside me... Ahh.
Yamato: I'll move slowly.
Yukie: Fwaah! Haahh...
Yukie: Ooh... Aweh... You're moving inside my butt...
Yamato: Yukie!
Yukie: Mnah... You've penetrated me in the back too... Huff, ah!
Yukie: Heh, heh, ah, ahh... Th-There is some pain, but...
Yukie: But my butt f-feels so good, Yamato-san.
Yamato: Then I'll make you feel even better.
Yukie: Mnah! Ah, you're being so rough...
*Countless times I thrust down her anal cavity.*
Yukie: Fwah, mnah, ah, it's like it's burning me!
*My raging penis jammed its way through her pristine asshole.*
Yukie: Ahhh, I-I... I... Mnkh, ah, ah.
*I held her butt, now completely mine, as I picked up the pace.*
Yukie: Fwah, ah... Mm! I-I'm going to cum... Ahh.
Yukie: It's my first time doing anal, and yet... Ah, I'm cumming...
*I firmly grasped her shaking butt and churned inside her.*
Yukie: Yamato-san, please cum, Yamato-san... Cum!
*I drove myself all the way inside her.*
Yukie: Ahhhhhh! Fwah... I'm cumming! Mmmnnn!
Yamato: I'm cumming, Yukie!
*Spurt! Spurt!*
Yukie: Ah, aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yukie: Ahh, it's so hot... Ah, ahh... Ahhh.
Yukie: Huff, huff, Yamato-san, ah, your seed...
Yukie: Kweh, ooh... It's filling my butt, ah.
*I let all the semen I had flow into her.*
Yamato: I'm pulling out.
Yukie: Ahn... Fwah.
Yukie: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff...
*After I did so, Yukie slumped to the floor.*
Yamato: Uh, you probably don't want to stay down here.
Yamato: I should at least take you up to my room.
Yamato: All right, I think I have 13 rounds left in me today.
Yukie: Th-That's beyond incredible...
*--11 p.m., at the Shimazu Dorm.*
Yamato: ...She should be sound asleep by now.
*The nonstop porn had left me at my limit.*
*And Chris and Mayucchi were the only other people in the dorm.*
Yamato: ...Here goes nothing!
*I went upstairs to Chris's room.*
*I took out my lockpick... But there was no need.*
*She'd left her door open to give herself a breeze.*
*And with guys normally forbidden from entering the girls' garden that was upstairs, she'd seen no need for caution.*
*But that rule meant nothing to me now.*
*I entered Chris's room, then closed and locked the door.*
Chris: Zzz...
*She slept without a care in the world.*
Yamato: Chris... I love you.
*I planted a kiss on her lips, knowing that wouldn't be enough to wake her.*
Chris: Mnn... Mm.
*The soft touch of her lips and that sweet moan were enough to make my sword ready for battle.*
Chris: Mnn... Yamato.
Yamato: ...?!
Chris: Zzz...
*She was just talking in her sleep... that's disappointing.*
*I tied a small towel around her wrists to prepare for when she did finally wake up.*
Yamato: I know this isn't right, but...
Chris: Mm.
*Then, with her defenseless, I exposed her chest.*
Yamato: I've gotten a few looks before in the bathroom, but... They're so beautiful.
*I pulled down my pants and freed my dick.*
*It was good to see it more fiery than ever.*
Chris: Zzz... Hmm...?
*Now I moved to strip off her underwear too.*
*Having both of us naked would speed things along.*
*I slipped her small, balled-up underwear past her ankles.*
Chris: Zzz... Hmm...
Yamato: Wow...
*Her silky gold pubic hair must have only just started coming in. It was incredibly sexy.*
*I stroked my fingers along that hair.*
Chris: Mmm...
*Then rubbed them against her soft slit.*
Chris: ...Kh... Mm.
*Never before had anyone touched the strong-willed girl's secret garden.*
*That thought caused me to strengthen my slow caresses.*
Chris: ...Zzz... Mmm.
Yamato: You're still asleep? Wow...
*I found my eyes drawn to her innocent, pink nipples.*
Yamato: I can't look away... *kiss*
*They were just the right size to take in my mouth.*
Chris: Hm? ...Huff, ah... Ah.
*I sucked on one, and it grew hard.*
*It would be wrong to only have one be erect, so I rolled my fingers over her other nipple.*
Chris: ...Mn... Mmm... Huh?
*Seeing both standing tall filled me with confidence.*
Chris: ...Huh? ...What?
Chris: I must be dreaming... Zzz...
Yamato: This isn't a dream, Chris.
*I whispered as I nibbled at her tender ear.*
Chris: Huh...? This is real...?
Chris: ...Yamato?!
Chris: Huh?! What?
Chris: Wh-What are you doing?!
Chris: M-My arms -- you...?!
Yamato: Now, just calm down.
*I ran my fingers through her silky blond hair.*
Chris: Yamato, what in the world are you...?!
*I patted her head while I spoke to her.*
Yamato: I'm here to make love to you. I want you!
*I threw my arms around her.*
Chris: Y-Yamato, you would go to these lengths just to...?!
Chris: You will pay for th--Fwah?!
*I drove my moist tongue into her ear.*
Yamato: Chris, I love you.
*Then continued to shove it in and out.*
Chris: Ah... Ah... Ah, wait, Yamato.
*I stroked her hair as rained a storm of kisses on her neck and throat.*
Chris: M-Mmnn... This is too rough...
*Then I smeared my tongue and its saliva over her regal face.*
Chris: D-Do not lick me. Stop! I said no!
Yamato: Chris... Mm.
*I forcefully stole her lips.*
Chris: Mn?! ...Mnn...! Mn...
Yamato: I like you. I love you.
Chris: No. No, Yama--Mmn!
*I sucked on her pink lips.*
Chris: Ahh... Fwah, mnn... Mm.
*Sucked hard.*
Chris: Mnph! Hamph... Mn... Fwah, ah, ah, mnwah... *kiss*... Mn.
*I nibbled on her firm lips.*
Chris: Pwah... No, stahmmnph?!
*When she opened her mouth, I shoved my tongue inside.*
Chris: Fweh?! Mn... Mmm?! Mnn...
*I found her tongue and wound mine around it.*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss, lick*... *smack*
Chris: Mwah... Hah, mn... Mm... Nmm... *lick*
*Our hot, wet tongues slid against each other.*
*There was no longer any need to hold back.*
Yamato: *slurp*... *slurp*...
*I let my saliva wash into her mouth.*
Chris: Nmm... Mn... Mnwah... *gulp*
*Chris noisily swallowed it all.*
Chris: Pwah... That is... Enough... Mn!
*I shot out my tongue and pressed the tip of hers.*
Yamato: *lick*... *smack*
Chris: Yama... to... Mn... *slurp, lick*... *smack*...
*I stroked both of my hands against her cheeks and through her hair, stimulating her ear.*
Chris: *slurp*... Mnnph... Ah, Yamato... *lick*
Yamato: Pwah... I love you...
*A string of saliva connected tongue to tongue.*
Chris: Yamato, no more. Stop. Stop! Ahh!
*Now I stuck my tongue into the back of her mouth.*
*Slobberly licked her gums.*
Chris: Mnah! ...Mnf, mm... *slurp* *lick*... *kiss* Mnn, mm... *slurp*
*Chris's body twitched in response.*
*I made sure to lick every inch of her mouth.*
Chris: ...Mnnph... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss* mn.
*Yes, nothing felt better than winding my tongue around hers.*
Chris: Mm, mn... *slurp*... Mn... *kiss* mnwah... *kiss*...! Mnf...
*It felt wonderfully good... But I wanted more of her.*
Chris: *slurp* Mn, pwah... Yamato--Mnph! Mnwah, ah... Mnkh... *slurp* *kiss, lick*
*Chris had given in and was drinking my saliva.*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss, gulp* Mn... Mmm.
Chris: Pwah... Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Drool dripped from the corner of her lips.*
Yamato: Chris... I love you.
*I planted kiss after kiss down towards her collarbone.*
Chris: Y-You would assault me... L-Like this...?
Yamato: Huh?
*Chris tried to meet my gaze, but soon looked away.*
Chris: This will change nothing...
Chris: You cannot hope to change my heart with these--
Yamato: I'm just getting started. I'll change everything.
Chris: Huh...? Wh-What do you...?
Yamato: You're going to feel my love until the sun comes up!
Chris: What? Wai--Ahhh?!
*I wildly reached for her beautiful boobs.*
Chris: Mm, ah... G-Get your hands off me. Mnnph...
*I groped away, enjoying the soft tenderness of both orbs.*
Chris: Stop, mn... Ah, mn... Ah, I said stop.
*Then I pinched her nipples.*
Chris: Mnah! Ahh... Hah, ah... Stop, not there.
*I kneaded her slowly-hardening nipples.*
Chris: Yaaahhh! ...Awah, wahhhhh.
Yamato: They're getting pointier. I know it must feel good.
Chris: Mn... Mmm... Yamato... Ahh!
*I rubbed, pinched, pulled at her nipples.*
Chris: ...Kwah... Hweh... You would pull them too--Ah!
*I tried everything I thought of on her nipples.*
Chris: Mnwah, ahh... That hurts. Stop pinching...
Chris: Fwah! Do not scratch them either... Mn, huff.
*Pressing her heated nipples between my fingers and rolling over them seemed to be what she liked best.*
Yamato: Was that a bit painful? Then I'll lick your wounds.
*I circled my tongue around her tip.*
Chris: Mwah, ah, ooh...
*Unable to hold back, I put my mouth over her pink protrusion.*
Chris: Ahh! Hah! Ahh... Fwah!
*I tried nibbling on it inside my mouth.*
Chris: Ah!
*A shudder bolted through her body.*
*Her white breasts grew moist with my saliva.*
Chris: Wh-What are you, a baby? Mn, ah...
*I flicked my tongue as I sucked.*
Chris: Mn... Mm.
*Now I sucked on it noisily.*
Chris: Ahhh!
Yamato: So you like being sucked on more.
Yamato: Then I'll suck you dry. Hamph!
Chris: Hyoooh!
Yamato: Mn... *smack*...
Chris: Mnahhh. N-Not so noisly--Ah!
*Her other nipple I squeezed and rubbed with my fingers.*
Yamato: This one's next. *kiss*
Chris: Mn! Ahh... Ah, no! Stop sucking!
Yamato: All right, then I'll go back to this one.
Chris: Ahhh... Yamato... No, no!
*Her nipples glistened with my saliva.*
Yamato: You're really sensitive, aren't you?
Chris: Th-That is ridiculous!
Yamato: Am I wrong?
Chris: Do not be ridiculous. No, I am not sensitive.
Yamato: Really? Hamph. (I sucked on a nipple.)
Chris: Ahhh!
Yamato: You're so cute... But how about your thighs?
*I crawled my tongue down her supple thigh.*
Chris: --!
Yamato: Can you hold back your cries?
*I smeared saliva over her beautiful white legs.*
*Bringing my tongue closer to her slit as I did.*
Chris: Wah?! N-No, not there!
*Chris struggled to escape.*
Chris: Stop! Not there! That is for after marriage!
Yamato: Then I nominate myself as your groom. I'll take my payment in advance.
Chris: No... No!
*Chris clenched her thighs tightly together.*
Yamato: Nngh... I can't open them.
Chris: I-I will not let you!
Yamato: Nah, I'm gonna succeed!
*I crawled my hands over her breasts, rubbing her nipples.*
Chris: Kweh... Wah.
Yamato: Now that your strength's left you, embarrassment pin!
Chris: W-Wawawa... S-Stop!
Chris: N-Not like this... Gh!
Yamato: I can see every part of you down here.
Chris: N-Not another word!
*I pulled open her slit.*
*Moisture already shone inside.*
Chris: Ah! Wh-Where are you touching? Sto--Ouch...
*I tried stimulating her clitoris.*
*Perhaps too forcefully; she even looked to be in pain.*
*I was going to move how I wanted, no holding back, but I didn't want to hurt her.*
Yamato: Is this better?
*I slackened the pressure, pressing against her clitoris with the bottom of my fingers.*
Chris: Ah... Mm... Mmm!
Yamato: That sounds like a yes.
*I then moved my fingers inside of her slit.*
*I especially focused on her pussy's entrance.*
Chris: Kh... Ah! Ooh!
*Her body responded by producing even more love juice.*
*With her moving about, it was hard to finger her in this position.*
*So I brought my mouth to her slit.*
Chris: Aiee?! Ah... Yamato, what are you--?!
*Chris's hips jerked in response.*
*I pressed my lips against her slit and licked the membranes inside.*
Chris: H-How can you lick down there? Ah!
*It tasted salty, with a hint of sourness.*
Yamato: It tastes great. I'm going to lick you all over down here.
Chris: ...Ugh, kh... Ah... Mn, n-no... Mnph!
*Growing more and more aroused, I licked away.*
Chris: S-Stop, you are being far too persistent--Ah!
*Licked as if to paint a layer of saliva over her pussy.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah, ahh... Ooh! Yamato, no! I will scream! Everyone will--
Yamato: No one's here tonight. Scream all you want.
Chris: N-Now that you mention it... Hauu?!
*This time, I licked her clitoris.*
*Rapidly stimulating it with my saliva-soaked tongue.*
Chris: Mn, mmm... Hah, ah...! Y-Yamato, your tongue--Ahh! Mn!
*All the ministrations made her clit grow hard and erect.*
*I smacked my lips on it and sucked.*
Chris: N-Not there! I will go crazy!
Yamato: Your wish is my command.
*I sucked even harder.*
Chris: Ahh, mm... No, I said no! ...Ah, ah, ah!
*Chris's cries grew even louder.*
*Now I pressed my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy.*
Chris: Ah!
*Churned my tongue inside of her.*
Chris: ...Kh... Mm... Hah.
*I kept noisily licking, but...*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff...
*Though the amount of nectar grew, her reactions were still just too weak.*
Yamato: It looks like this is what you like.
*I flicked her clitoris with my tongue, pushed against it.*
Chris: Ahh... Not there. Not with your tongue. Do not--Ah!
*Even her internal membranes convulsed at the pressure.*
Chris: Fwah... Mn, ahhh...
*A cloudy white liquid seeped from her vagina.*
*I slurped noisily on it.*
Chris: O-Oooh... Kh, N-No more, please...
*The nectar from her virgin pussy sparkled around my lips.*
Yamato: Don't worry, Chris. I've figured out what gives you pleasure.
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huh...?
Yamato: It's the one that sounds like your nickname...
*I kissed her clitoris and swallowed it up with my mouth.*
Chris: Wah?!
*All as I slowly sucked on it.*
Chris: Ahhhhh! Hah, ahhhh!
Chris: Wh-What is this? What is going on? Ah, ahhh!
*I licked and smacked, pressing my tongue in hard.*
Chris: Ah, ahh! Y-Yamato... Ah!
Yamato: Don't bite your tongue.
Chris: L-Listen to me... Y-You are going to drive me crazy, truly.
Chris: I am begging you, do not suck! Absolutely do not!
Yamato: Okay, so you want me to suck away?
Chris: Noooo!
*I start sucking as hard as I could.*
Chris: A-Ahhh... Aweh... That is too ha--Ah!
*And this time, I mixed in the occasional light nibble from my teeth.*
Chris: Ah, ahh, do not bite!
*But play-biting and sucking I did.*
Chris: Kh, ah, ah, ah, ah...
*As I continued to suck, her clitoris became noticeably harder.*
*I stimulated it even more forcefully with my teeth.*
Chris: Ahh! ...Ah, ah... Mnnnnaaahhhh...
*A shockingly heavy shudder ran through her.*
*And a flood of nectar spilled from her pussy.*
Chris: Ahh! Ahh... Ah... Huff, huff, huff.
*Afterwards, she fell limp.*
Yamato: Your o-face is adorable.
Chris: Kh, ooh... Ah, do not lick it again, not now.
Yamato: So you are sensitive after coming.
Chris: Argh. Please stop that... Yamato...
Yamato: All right, I'll caress somewhere else.
Chris: Huh? Ah!
*I pushed her legs firmly out of the way and brought her asshole fully into view.*
*Then tickled the area with my fingers.*
Chris: No......!!! Wh-Where are you--?!
Yamato: You're adorably pink here too.
*I spread it open with my fingers and brought my mouth to it.*
*Then poked my tongue inside.*
Chris: Aiee?! Y-You idiot! No! Not there!
Yamato: Nope, this is the right place. I can even smell it.
Chris: Y-You pervert! You pervert! You pervert!
*I began licking around her anus with my saliva-moist tongue.*
Chris: N-No, ah... S-Stop.
*And poked at her asshole too.*
Chris: Wah!
*Her asshole twitched in surprise.*
Yamato: That reaction's so cute. Mn... *smack*...
Chris: Hm, you are licking me... Kh, ooh.
*I licked away, painting saliva all around.*
Yamato: You're tasty, down here.
Chris: Ahhhh! You pervert!
*Now I licked about with the base of my tongue.*
Chris: ...Oh! ...Mm... Ah, stop!
*I licked again and again to truly taste it.*
Chris: No, no, no, no!
*Chris kicked her legs, trying to fight me off.*
*And clenched her asshole shut.*
Yamato: Your face is beet-red.
*I slid my tongue all around her moist asshole.*
Chris: Kh, of course I am. Get your fingers off of me.
Yamato: Unlike your vagina, I guess it takes some time to feel pleasure from your backdoor. But relax. The night is young.
*After thirty minutes of licking her asshole...*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Ah... Ahh... Ah!
Yamato: It's starting to feel good, isn't it?
*I asked as I licked up the sweat beading on her ass.*
*My saliva covered her perky ass.*
Yamato: What do you say, Chris?
Chris: Huff... Huff... Of course it does not.
Yamato: Oh... Then how about this?
*I narrowed my tongue and drove it through the entrance I'd spent so long relaxing.*
Chris: A-Are you a stupidhead? Stop!
*The membranes inside her ass tasted a bit bitter.*
*I rapidly moved my tongue inside of her.*
Chris: Kweh... Mnah... Mn, mmmm!
*As I tasted her ass, I could see her pussy in front twist and jerk.*
Yamato: Sorry, I left this entrance waiting.
*I went back to rubbing her clitoris with my fingers.*
Chris: Ah! There again...? ...Nwah, ahhh!
*With me working both her asshole and clitoris at once, Chris couldn't help but cry louder and louder.*
Chris: Oh... Ooh... When you are already touching me there, too?
Chris: I... Ah... Ah, ah, ah!
*My tongue brought from her sweet moans.*
*I pinched her clitoris and licked inside her ass.*
Chris: Kwah! Stop! Ahhhhh!
*Again her curving body told me she'd reached climax.*
*My tongue felt as limp as she looked, after all that licking.*
Yamato: Chris, I'm amazed you came from your ass.
Chris: ...O-Oooh...
Yamato: Oh, your nipples... They're lifeless. I'm sorry I forgot about them.
*I sucked hard and made them hard again.*
Chris: Hahn... Yamato... That must be enough...
Yamato: What are you saying? It's finally time for this.
*I showed her my fully-erect penis.*
Chris: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What is that?!
*After all the stuff I'd eaten and taken, my dick was rock-hard.*
Yamato: I've been holding back, so it's covered with that strange liquid.
*I rubbed the precum against her thigh.*
Chris: Wait... Wh-What is that? This cannot be.
Yamato: There's no need to be scared. It's something you're going to get to see most every day now.
Chris: What do you--Mmnph!
Yamato: Mm... *kiss* Chris, I love you.
Chris: Yamato... B-But...
Yamato: I'm putting it in.
*I rested my penis against her entrance.*
Chris: Y-Yamato...
Yamato: I love you...
Chris: I-I... I...
Yamato: (Don't speak!)
*My penis, swollen, had passed its limit. I plunged it through her slit.*
Chris: Kweh?! Ugh... Ahh, you put it in?
*I had gotten the location and angle down pat when I'd fingered and licked her earlier.*
Chris: Ooh... Ooh...
*Sticky noises echoed from our wet genitalia.*
*I could feel her nervousness through my cock.*
Yamato: Mmph!
*I continued to drive my glans through her narrow entrance.*
Chris: Kh... Oooh... Ahh!
*Slowly but surely thrusting into the virgin.*
Chris: Ts...! You are coming inside me...
*Sweat soaked her white limbs.*
Yamato: It'll be easier if you relax.
Chris: ...You ask... The impossible...
*With the help of her love juice, I steadily moved forward.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Then I felt something against the tip.*
*Her hymen, surely.*
Yamato: I'll take responsibility for everything.
Yamato: So Chris... I'm making you a woman. My woman.
*Then I shoved my hips.*
Chris: Gh!
*I could feel it rip and tear before my girth.*
Chris: Kh! Huff...
*Then continued to slide through her moist passage.*
*Once I'd gotten past her maidenhead, the rest was smoother than I'd expected.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Yamato.
Yamato: Can you tell? We've become one.
Yamato: So I promise we'll marry someday.
Chris: Gh... Ooh, Y-Yamato, it is so hot...
Yamato: So are your insides.
*Her real, live pussy felt better than anything.*
*My penis twitched inside her.*
*And her vaginal walls twisted and squeezed against me.*
Yamato: ...I'm moving.
*I slowly pulled back my dick.*
Chris: ...Mn! Ah!
*It was as if my dick were sucking on her love juice.*
*Even her vagina was pushing me back; if I lost focus, it might even push me out.*
*I pull out to the edge, then pushed my way back in.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah... It hurts...
*Blood trickled from where our bodies became united.*
Yamato: Are you all right? But even if you're not, I won't stop. You have to bear it.
Chris: Kh... Mn... Ugh!
*Then I picked up the pace with my thrusts.*
Chris: Huff, kh, ugh... Wah, ahh...
Yamato: Chris...
*I felt for her, but I wouldn't stop my hips.*
*Just moving through her moist insides made my lower body feel like it was melting.*
*My glans forced its way to her deepest membranes.*
Chris: Kweh... Ah! ...Mn... Ah!
Yamato: Mn. Feel like you've caught your breath?
Chris: Ah... It's so hot... Haah.
Chris: ...Yamato... Wah?!
*Her vagina felt more relaxed, so I accelerated, slapping my hips into hers.*
*Love juice splashed from our crotches.*
Chris: Ahh... Wehn... Mn, ahh... Your thing... is going... wild... inside me.
*As I grew more used to the movement, my thrusts became more rhythmical.*
Chris: Ah, that is too rough... Ah, ah!
*With every thrust, her vaginal walls clamped down on my dick.*
Chris: I-It sounds so... Dirty... Mn.
Yamato: That's mostly because of your love juice.
*Nasty, watery sounds echoed whenever I moved my hips.*
*So then why had I not cum yet?*
*I wanted to, but it felt like I couldn't.*
*I probably had to thank all the drugs and food. That had probably left my dick a little strange.*
*I'd just have to fuck her until I came, all while searching for her G-spot.*
*I rubbed her walls, looking for a reaction.*
Chris: Mm... Ah... Ah.
*This didn't seem right. But how about here?*
Chris: Mmm... Kweh, ooh...
*That wasn't anything special.*
*Her skin had already flushed the color of cherry blossoms so the pain should have eased.*
*Then what about here?*
Yamato: Mmph!
*I slammed against her, knocking heavily against her womb.*
Chris: Ahhhhh?!
Yamato: Oh, did that feel especially good?
Chris: I-I do not know... And why do you expect me to answer you?
*To test, I pushed my hips forward, finding a deeper angle.*
Chris: ...Haah... Ahhh... Yamato...
*That let me scrape her deepest point with my tip.*
Chris: Mm, mm... Your penis is all the way in there...
Yamato: Can you tell? I'm scratching against the entrance to your womb.
*I wriggled my hips, stimulating her.*
Chris: Ahh! Mnah... Mnfh... Ahhh?!
Yamato: Oh, you're so tight... So you are sensitive here.
Yamato: And it's rough. Damn, it feels so good to the touch.
*I pounded deep in her pussy over and over again.*
Chris: Kweh... Ahh... Yamato... That is--!
Yamato: What about here?
Chris: Mnkh... Mn, mn, not so fast...
Yamato: Why?
Chris: I-It is weird, to thrust there--Haaah, ahh! So please, more slowly--Fwah!
Yamato: So you're sensitive down deep.
Chris: Ah, gh, y-you are grinding against it? Ahhh!
*I picked up the pace, slapping against her womb.*
Chris: No, ah... No, stop... Ah!
Chris: M-My body... Is going numb... Ahhh!
*Chris truly was sensitive.*
*It was hard to believe this was her first time.*
Chris: Ahhhh! Y-You keep focusing there! Yamato!
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good?
Chris: Hah, ah...
*I shoved against her womb.*
Chris: Huff, th-that feels so good...
Yamato: Then, mmph, I'll keep doing it.
*Once I'd placed the tip of my glans against her womb entrance, I throughly rubbed.*
Chris: Mnaahhh! Y-Yamato, that feels good...
Chris: Ah, your hard thing is hitting me. Yamato, ahh, this is amazing!
Yamato: Do you love me?
Chris: I love you! I really love you... Yamato!
*Her membranes squeezed and worked my rod, which of course brought me to my peak.*
*I looked down at the dick as it plunged in and out of her to see it was already soaked in her love juice.*
*Unable to hold back any longer, I pounded her.*
Chris: Ahh, th-that is so rough! Ah, ahn, Yamato!
Yamato: Just so you know, I'm going to cum inside you, Chris.
Chris: Huff... Ah, mn, huh? Inside me?
Yamato: I've decided, mnph, I'd risk my life to have you.
Yamato: So take it all into you.
Chris: Y-Yamato... Kh, hah, ah!
*I thrust as powerfully as I could.*
*Felt as if I were scraping against her inner walls.*
*I sped my hips even faster.*
Chris: Ahhh, ahhh... Y-Yamato... Ahh, Yamato ...Yamato!
Yamato: Are you going to cum, Chris?
Chris: Y-Yes... It feels good, so good.
Yamato: Then cum with me.
Chris: Ah! Ahh! Ah! Ah...
*As we charged towards our peaks, I reached top speed.*
Chris: Ah! Ahhh! Ah, I love you... I love you!
*Chris's legs trembled.*
Yamato: Chris... Chris!
*Her pussy clenched tight.*
Chris: Ahh, ahh, Yamato... Yamato... Ah, ahh, ah!
*For the final push, I slammed into her with all of my strength.*
Chris: Ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
*All the cum I'd stored up blasted into her.*
*Did it from the deepest point of her pussy, letting it gush into her womb.*
Chris: Ahhh! Wh-What is going on? There is so much hot stuff!
*Her body shook and shuddered as she came with me.*
Chris: Ahhh... There is still more... Ah, ahhh.
*Between having stored up and the doping, my cum was an endless stream.*
Yamato: It doesn't feel like it's stopping...
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Chris: A-Amazing. Your dick is so amazing. Ah, ah!
*The cum I'd ejaculated went straight into her womb.*
Chris: Any more, and I will go crazy all over again!
*Spew, spew, spew!*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*Again Chris climaxed.*
*Now a woman, she erotically twisted and wiggled.*
*And yet the semen still didn't stop.*
Chris: Kwah... Huff... Huff...
*Some even spilled from where we were connected.*
Chris: You... Must be kidding...
Chris: Even more...? I cannot...
Chris: My head... Feels numb... Ahhh.
*Spew, spew, spew...*
Chris: I am... Begging you... Pull... Out...
Chris: I am going to go crazy... Yamato.
Yamato: Yeah, go crazy for me.
*Spew... Spew...*
Chris: Ahhhh, you bully! More? Even more?!
*But even then I didn't let her go.*
Yamato: I'm going to get a good look at your face.
Chris: No! Look away! I do not want you to see me like this...
Yamato: *stare*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhh! You are staring at me, and yet--!
*Another round of convulsions seized her.*
Yamato: Damn... I had no idea I could come this much.
*I poured all that I could in before finally pulling out my dick.*
*Her slit, which had been prim and proper until all so recently, now dribbled with semen.*
Chris: ...Huff... Huff... Huff.
*Her orgasm still continued on.*
*I rubbed the semen that had overflowed onto her legs and ass.*
Yamato: I'll put plenty of it here too...
*I smeared the thick gunk on her clitoris.*
Chris: Wah! No, not now...
Yamato: You're so cute... Here, I'll untie your arms.
Yamato: Do you want a drink? I brought water.
Chris: Y-Yes.
Yamato: Oh, I'm giving it to you mouth to mouth, of course. Nmph.
Chris: Mm... *gulp, gulp, gulp*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: You're so cute.
Chris: Ts!
*Her cheeks turned bright red*
Yamato: Mn. Why talk when we can start Round 2?
Chris: Huh? Hey... Uh, what are you...?
*I removed her nightdress, leaving her naked.*
Chris: Hey... What is this 'Round 2'?
Yamato: My Johnny can keep going.
*It was sharp and erect, without any signs of wilting.*
Chris: --What?
Yamato: Now, let's go. What position do you want?
Chris: A-Any more of this and I will...
Yamato: I'm going to make you mine in body and soul.
Yamato: I'll make love to you until dawn.
Chris: Kh. M-My rapier...
*Chris reached for the weapon hanging on her wall.*
*But she couldn't muster up the strength.*
Chris: ...Kh... My hips... I cannot stand.
*She was on all fours, but she still reached for the weapon.*
*I grabbed her hand and stopped her.*
Yamato: I see, so you want it from behind? Got it.
Chris: N-No... Kh.
*Chris tried to escape, but...*
*I clamped hold of her hips and pulled her towards me.*
Chris: Wawawa!
Yamato: Gotcha.
Chris: H-How are you so strong?
Yamato: This is when a male's at his best.
Yamato: Though actually, I can't believe you'd draw your sword against someone you love. I'm supposed to stab into you, not the other way around.
Chris: Ah...?! Mnn... Kh, ooh...
*I inserted my raging dick into her from behind.*
Chris: Ah, kh, you would do me like a dog?
*Her insides were still wet with semen, so it was a pretty smooth insertion.*
Yamato: I never thought the day would come when I'd do you from behind.
*I felt the numbing joy of triumph.*
Chris: Yamato... Mmm... P-Pull it out... I cannot take anymore.
Yamato: That's not what your pussy's saying. It's hungry for more.
*Her walls eagerly entangled around my member.*
Yamato: I'll be at your favorite spot soon enough.
Chris: Kh, ooh... Huff, your hot thing is coming back inside me...
Chris: Ahh, so deep... Mn, I feel it hitting.
Yamato: It's in, right?
Chris: Ah... Ahhh.
*Did just touching the back feel that good? I wasn't moving, and yet Chris's body trembled all the same.*
Yamato: Amazing. This feels completely different.
*I had no idea a different angle could make a pussy feel so different.*
Chris: ...Kh, Yamato... Mm.
*I decided to wait until Chris calmed down.*
*I spread open her asshole and took a look.*
*I could even see the membranes inside.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Mmm, you've caught your breath? Then I'll move.
*With both hands on her shapely butt cheeks, I thrust my hips.*
Chris: Fwah, mnn... Yamato... Mnah.
Chris: I-I told you I cannot keep... going, and yet... Mn, hah...
*Chris from behind struck such an enchanting figure that I couldn't help but fuck her hard.*
Chris: Haau... Mnkh, ah, you are so rough...
Chris: Ahhh, Y-Yamato... Not so sudden, mnah!
Yamato: But your insides tell a different story... Mnph.
*Her walls felt almost like a warm blanket around my cock.*
Yamato: See? *slap*
Chris: Ooh... Ahn, ahh!
Yamato: There! *slap*
Chris: Ahh... Ah, kh... Mm.
*Though I was being a bit rough, her pussy reacted like she was enjoying it.*
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good...
Chris: Mmm, hah, mm, r-really?
Chris: Ah, I do not truly understand, but--ah, akh!
Yamato: Don't worry -- I'll keep fucking you deep!
*I thrust my hips, aiming for the entrance to her womb.*
*Pounded so hard that my hips slapped into her voluptuous ass.*
Chris: Hauu...! So deep... Ah, ahh!
*Her curvy body responded with pleasure.*
Yamato: Wow, I can't believe you're this turned on on your second time having sex.
*I fucked her hard, making sure my glans got all the way back there with every thrust.*
Chris: Fwah... Ahh... Ahn, ahh... Mn, Yamato, again always in deep? Huff...
*By her voice, I knew she was completely turned on.*
Chris: Ahh! Your hard, hot cock is hitting me... Mnph!
*Chris had begun moving her own hips in search of pleasure.*
*Even her asshole was twitching.*
Yamato: You've got such a nasty ass!
*I slapped my palm against it in punishment.*
Chris: Fwah?!
*Causing Chris to jerk in response.*
*And her inner membranes squeezed down as well.*
Yamato: Hey, Chris... Are you...
*I began to ask as I slowly advanced down her canal.*
Chris: Mnwah... Huh? What?
*Was the reason she'd enjoyed her first time that much been because I'd forced her down and tied her hands?*
*For the second time, I'd penetrated her forcefully from behind, only for her to soon enjoy it. Now I get this reaction from slapping her ass.*
Yamato: You're a masochist, aren't you?
Chris: H-How would I know that? Ahh!
Yamato: Then I'm pretty sure I'm right.
*Again I slapped her ass again.*
Chris: Haahn... Stop that!
Yamato: Your moans are giving me chills... They're so hot.
*As her ass quivered, so too moved her vaginal membranes, putting pressure against my penis.*
Yamato: Hah, hah! (I slapped her twice more.)
Chris: Mmm! E-Enough! You are awful!
Yamato: So you say, but...
*Every slap made her pussy contract tighter.*
*I'd bet she liked it rough.*
Yamato: Which means--!
Chris: Fwaaaaahhhn!
*I seized her ass and sped up my thrusts.*
Chris: Mnah, ahhh... I feel... Like I am burning inside!
*Moist, splashy sounds reverberated across the room.*
Chris: Ah, ah, ah! You are churning my insides... Mnn, ah!
*Slap, slap, slap, went my hips against her ass.*
Chris: Fweh... Kh... Ah, how...
Chris: How does being done from behind feel so good? Mnph!
*Her boobs jiggled with every thrust.*
Yamato: Chris!
*I leaned onto her sweaty back.*
*Then I grabbed her breasts from behind and pinched her nipples.*
Chris: Ah, my breasts again...? Nwah... Ahh!
*As I groped the hell out of them, I stimulated her deep in her pussy from behind.*
Chris: Ahh, if you keep doing both at once... Ahh!
Yamato: Feels good, right?!
*I ground my dick deeper inside of her.*
Chris: Mnah, y-yes... It feels good...
Yamato: Chris...
*My love for her welled up inside me, and I kissed her.*
Chris: Mnn... Amph... *lick*... Pwah, Yamato...
Yamato: Stay with me...
*For the final sprint, I retook hold of her ass.*
*I sent my powerful thrusts deep inside her.*
Chris: Fwaaahh... Hm, Yamato, I-I...
*Her moist walls contracted, guiding me to my peak.*
Yamato: About to cum?
Chris: Y-Yes...
Yamato: Then you have to say so. Tell me you're cumming.
Chris: Ahh! I-I could not possibly...
Yamato: Understand?!
*I kept slapping her beautiful ass as I thrust away.*
Chris: Fwah! A-All right!
Yamato: I... I'm cumming too!
Chris: Ahhh!
*I drove in as deep as I could and aimed my sperm at her womb.*
*And my seed showered down upon it.*
Chris: Ahhhhh! Yamato, this is amazing!
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Chris: Ahhhhn! Your hot stuff is--ah, ah!
Chris: I-I am cumming...
Chris: Ah... Ahh... Ah... Ah... Ah.
Chris: Mm... Ah, Huh? Bwuh?!
Yamato: You're so attractive that my Johnny's not shrinking one bit.
*I moved as if to rub the remaining drops against her pussy walls.*
Chris: Mmm... You are moving again?
Yamato: I still want more of you!
Chris: B-But my insides are already soaked with your spunk...
Yamato: Chris... Chris...
*The wet noises arose again as I thrust.*
Chris: Ahah! Ahh, ahh, ahh, ah!
Chris: Y-You are churning through it all, mnph...
*Chris too was shaking her reddened ass.*
Yamato: Hm, that's so nasty of you... I love it.
*I thrust into the sensitive spot in the back.*
Chris: Ooh! ...Ah, mnah, ah.
Chris: Huff... If you do that to me now, I will..,
*I slap her swaying butt.*
Chris: Yahhh!
*Twice more I struck that vivacious meat.*
Chris: Aweh, fwahn!
Yamato: Doesn't that feel good?
Chris: Ah, ahh! ...N-No... Ahhh!
Yamato: Then say it. Don't be so stubborn.
*I asked while I mercilessly pounded her deep.*
Chris: Nyah... Ahh, it feels so good...
Yamato: What do you like?
Chris: Ahah! I-It feels so good when you hit my ass...
Yamato: Like this?
*I hit her harder than ever.*
Chris: Fwaahhhh...
*A shudder ran through her. She must have had a mini-orgasm.*
Yamato: Mnn... Raise your hips a bit higher.
Chris: Huff, Yamato, no more, please...
Yamato: You don't have to raise your head.
Chris: Ahhh!
*I shoved her head down.*
*Then I drive hard into her upthrust ass.*
*Pound! Pound! Pound!*
Chris: Ah, ahn, ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Yamato: Chris! Chris! Chris!
Chris: Y-Yamato! Fwah, hgh, ahh!
*I thrust with such strength, like a beast set wild.*
Chris: Hweh, huff, haauuuuu!
*Single-mindedly, I fucked her.*
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming too... I'm cumming again!
*I grab her sweaty ass and shot my full load deep into her.*
*Spurrrrrt!*
Chris: Kwahah...! I... I am cumming...
*Chris once more reached her peak.*
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Chris: Y-Yamato? What are you doing with your fingers...?!
Yamato: I'm going to make this place mine too.
*I penetrated her asshole with my cum-soaked digits.*
Chris: Gh... N-No, not there...
*But with my dick inside her, she couldn't run.*
Chris: That is insane. P-Pull your fingers out!
Yamato: I love you...
*I pushed my fingers in deeper and pushed against the sides.*
Chris: Gh... Ah... Ahh.
*While with my other hand, I smeared a mix of semen and love juice over her asshole.*
Yamato: Chris, I want all of you.
Chris: ...A-All right... I understand your feelings well enough.
Yamato: And I can't enter you here unless I do this, now can I?
*With her entrance eased, I pulled out my fingers and readied my dick.*
Chris: Huh? ...E-Enough fooling around.
Yamato: I said I'd make you mine.
*Then I enjoyed the sticky sensation of pushing my glans into her backdoor.*
Chris: Gh... Ugh! Ahh! No, absolutely not there!
*The way her muscles tried to force me out was incredible.*
*But I pushed even harder that those muscles.*
Chris: Gh... I-It hurts... This is impossible... *sniff*
*Having my glans buried in her ass brought even Chris to tears.*
*Her muscles squeezed against me.*
*If I ignored that and kept pushing, I'd break Chris.*
Yamato: All right... I won't do it for real.
*Just the tip felt incredible enough.*
*I could more than cum from this... So.*
Yamato: A semen enema is good enough.
Chris: --Huh?
*I shook my hips, making minute thrusts.*
Chris: Gh?!
*The pressure was incredible and that alone brought me to climax.*
Yamato: I'm cumming in your ass, Chris...
*(*sploodge*)*
Chris: Ahhhhh!
*It was an ejaculation second to none from this night.*
*All of it pouring into her intestines.*
Chris: Y-Your hot stuff, it's... in my butt? Y-Yamato, take it out. Take it out!
Yamato: Not a chance. I have to mark you.
Chris: Ooh, ah, ahhh... I-It is pouring in.
*Chris slumped to the floor.*
*Between her strength failing her and the lubrication from the semen...*
Chris: Gwah, ah! Ah! Ah!
*I could now force my way in to the hilt.*
Chris: Fwaaahh... M-My butt...
Yamato: Gh! I can't believe how tight you are.
*I could feel her muscles force me out on their own.*
Yamato: If this is how it is...
*Then I had to shove it back in.*
Chris: Hgh... S-So deep...! Ah, ah!
*The stimulation was completely different from her vagina.*
Chris: Ah, even my butt? Mnn, ah, hah, ah!
*Her anus squeezed around my hilt.*
Chris: I-I cannot believe... Ah, hah, you are--Mnph!
Yamato: Yup, now you can't marry anyone but me.
*I poked my tip against her intestinal wall.*
Chris: Mnaaahhhhh...
Yamato: But don't worry... I'll take good care of you forever.
Yamato: I love you, Chris.
*I moved my hips and continued to fuck her ass.*
Chris: Fwah... I-I love you too...
Chris: Ahh, ah... I love you, Yamato...
*Those words made me lose control.*
*My thrusts into her beautiful ass naturally accelerated.*
Yamato: Chris... Mm, Chris.
Chris: Ahh, Yamato... Yamato...
Yamato: Kh, huff... I'm cumming... Chris!
*I shoved it in as deep as I could and ejaculated.*
Chris: Mnkh... Mn, ah, ah, ahhhhhhh!
*I held her curvy body still.*
*Spew! Spurt! Spew, spurt spurt!*
Chris: Ah... I-It is coming inside me...
*Her ass convulsed from the sensation of being ejaculated in so deeply.*
Chris: Your cum... is filling my insides...
*Her normally regal gaze had melted into ecstasy.*
*I had poured all of my seed into her.*
Yamato: I'm pulling out.
Chris: Mm... Fwah.
*The instant I pulled out, she let off a bewitchingly sexy moan.*
Chris: Huff... Ah.
*And with the touch of me gone, she collapsed in exhaustion.*
Chris: Y-Yamato... Yama... to...
Yamato: I'll never let you go, Chris. Stay with me forever.
*I held her incredibly tightly.*
Chris: ...Yamato...
*And Chris hugged me back.*
*Rubbing her cheeks against my chest.*
Yamato: Chris... (I patted her head.)
*I loved even her childishness.*
*I'd risked my life for this, but right now, it felt like it was worth it.*
Yamato: And so it looks like my Johnny's ready again.
Chris: What...?
Yamato: Time for another go!
*I embraced Chris tightly.*
Yamato: Leave everything to me.
Chris: ...Yamato... Mmm. *kiss*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*
Chris: Yamato, you are so manly. *kiss, lick*
Yamato: Yeah, so let's have some fun. *kiss*
*While we hugged and kissed, more and more energy filled my nethers.*
Chris: *kiss*... Hamph, amph... Mnn!
*Until it prodded erect against her body.*
Chris: Mn... *lick, kiss*...?!
*She must have noticed.*
Yamato: I'm manly in more ways than one.
Chris: There are some things that are better unsaid!
Chris: Yamato... Mmmm!
Chris: Pwah... Yamato, sit down as you are.
*After that intense kiss, Chris squatted herself down.*
Yamato: Wow...
*Then caressed my dick through my pants.*
*Naturally, it got even harder.*
Chris: Mm...
*Chris pulled down my zipper.*
*As if proactively rewarding her, I patted her head kindly.*
*Her smile touched her eyes at that as she finished pulling off my pants.*
*Letting my penis spring into action.*
Chris: Wow...
Chris: ...It is always so... Big.
Yamato: No need to be so reserved. It knows you by now.
*I said as I brought it closer to her blushing cheeks.*
Chris: *sniff, sniff*. The smell alone... is making me faint.
Yamato: Working as hard as I have in this heat's probably made it even smellier.
*Chris squeezed my dick in her hand.*
Chris: Would it not be easier on you, to be able to lie down?
Yamato: Nah, this is good. I want to watch.
Chris: Ugh...
Chris: Then, well, I-I will use my mouth to...
Chris: To give you pleasure.
*Chris gazed into my eyes.*
Yamato: Do it, Chris.
*She stuck her moist tongue out from between her lips and stroked it up my rod.*
Chris: *lick*...*smack*... *smack*
Chris: Mm... Fweh... It is so hot...
Chris: *smack, smack*... *smack, smack*...
Yamato: Chris, I said you don't have to be so reserved.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure you were more aggressive than this the first time we did it.
Chris: Ooh...
*Her face turned red.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick*... *lick, lick*... *kiss*...
Yamato: Mn, yes, yes, like that.
*The pleasure of her warm tongue sliding along me was so...*
Chris: L-Like this...? *lick* *lick* *lick*
*Her tongue moistened my glans.*
Yamato: Yes, this feels so good...
Chris: All right... *lick*... *smack*... Ugh.
Chris: Y-You really are staring at me.
Yamato: How could I miss this view? Continue.
Chris: *lick, lick, lick, lick*
*When her tongue started poking around my urethra, my hips jerked.*
Yamato: That reaction just now means that felt good.
Yamato: I want you to learn everything that gives me pleasure.
Chris: I will... *lick, lick*... *smack*... Haweh... *lick*
*She persistently pushed her tongue against the parts that swell out.*
Chris: *kiss, lick, smack* mn... *lick, lick, lick*
*Then she stretched her tongue to the parts that bend inwards.*
Chris: Mm... Mm... *smack*... Mn... *lick, lick* it is getting even harder... *lick*
*She ran her tongue up and down my shaft.*
Yamato: It's like I'm sucking on your saliva.
Chris: R-Really? Then... Dirty as this is...
Chris: Mm... *slurp*...
*She let saliva drool from her mouth.*
*Poured the liquid onto my penis.*
Chris: Mm... *smack, smack*... Mnpah...
*Let all of the saliva that had built up in her mouth dribble out.*
Chris: Mm... *slurp*... Mn... *lick*... Mmwah.
*Then passionately used her tongue to smear it over my cock.*
Chris: Hm... You are right. And sucking on it has made it even bigger.
Yamato: Yeah... (Though that's more because you look so damn sexy doing that.)
*She'd soaked my rod in her saliva.*
Yamato: Try moving your hands.
Chris: L-Like this? (She slid it along my dick.)
Yamato: Mn, not so hard!
Chris: Oh, apologies...
Yamato: Don't let that get you down.
Yamato: Just try to be a little more gentle, please.
Chris: Like this?
Yamato: Yeah, that's good...
*Her moist saliva had left my rod nice and slippery.*
Yamato: This is how men jack off. How they masturbate.
Chris: I-I see...
Yamato: Chris, have you ever masturbated?
Chris: No...
Yamato: (Wow. And think of what I did to her...)
*But I didn't feel any regret -- I just wanted her more.*
Yamato: Chris, this is incredible, but there's one place you still haven't licked.
Chris: Huh? Wh-Where...?
Yamato: My ballsack. It can vary by person, but it usually makes a man feel good.
Chris: I-I did not know... But in that case... *lick*
Yamato: Mm, that's where all the sperm you get comes from. Kh, it's very important.
Chris: *kiss* *lick* *smack* *peck*... *lick*
*Those words made her caresses even more passionate. She all but laid her tongue on my balls and drew her tongue along them.*
*The persistent lickings coated them in saliva too.*
Chris: Tell me if it hurts. Hamph... *smack, smack*...
Chris: *smack*... *kiss, lick, kisssss*
*She took my balls in her mouth and zealously sucked them.*
Yamato: Whoa, this feels great. Chris, yes.
Chris: Mnpwah... I see, good... I will not forget.
Yamato: Look. All the pleasure is making me wet.
*Precum welled from the tip.*
Chris: ...Mm. This time, I will put this in my mouth... Amph.
Chris: ...Mm... Ah, mm... Mn... *kiss* Pwah... *slurp*
Yamato: Mm, it's so nice and warm.
Chris: *smack* *lick* Mnwah! Do you have any requests?
Yamato: For starters, how about you keep your hands moving while you talk.
Chris: Mn, yes... Eigh!
Yamato: Also, maybe you should try clamping down a bit with your lips.
Yamato: I'm not trying to ask the impossible. Just act like you're tasting something.
Chris: All right. Hamph... *smack*...
*Again my dick entered the well of saliva that was her mouth.*
Chris: ...*smack* *slurp* *kiss*... *slurp*... *peck*
*When I gently combed my fingers through her soft, blond tresses...*
Chris: Mn, amph... Mn... *slurp* *smack*... *kiss*... *peck* *kiss*
*Her tongue grew more bold. She pressed it against my dick, then pushed like an eraser pushing against pencil lead.*
Chris: Hah, mnn... *lick*... *smack* mn, ooh... *slurp*...
Chris: *slurp, smack, lick, kiss*... *smack* hamph...
*My whole glans was her tongue's plaything.*
Chris: Mm... *lick* pwah... Huff, Yamato, you taste so...
Yamato: Like what?
Chris: Hmm... A bit salty.
Yamato: Suck and taste some more.
Chris: I will... Hamph...
Yamato: A bit deeper... Yes...
Chris: Mnn... Mmm...
*Chris gulped it into her mouth.*
Chris: *kiss*... Mn, kh... *slurp*... *kiss* mnfh...
Chris: Ah, mmm... Mnkh... *lick*... *slurp, slurp*... Mn, ah... *slurrrrp*...
Yamato: That sucking feels great, Chris.
Chris: *kiss*... *kiss, kiss*... *gulp*
Yamato: Hm, kh... You're sucking so hard... Mm.
Chris: Mn... *slurp, slurp, gulp* mnkh... Pwah, ahmph... Mnn... *kiss, kiss, mnkh*... *gulp*
Chris: ...Pwah, amazing. No matter how much I swallow, there is always more.
Yamato: That's because you're doing it so well and with so much love.
Yamato: Keep on tasting it.
Chris: Mmm... Hamph... *slurp*... *gulp*
Chris: *slurp*... *kiss*... *smack*
Chris: ...*slurp, slurp*... Mnn... Pwah... Yamato.
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: ...Well...
Chris: I-I think that I would also like to...
*She fidgeted her hips.*
Yamato: Giving me head turns you on? That's so cute.
Yamato: But I'm sorry, Chris.
Chris: Huh...?
Yamato: Do I look satisfied to you?
Yamato: When it's my turn, I'll be sure to give you all the pleasure you crave...
Yamato: So you have to keep going until I tell you to stop.
Chris: Then I have tried to stop with my job unfinished...
Chris: I see. Hamph... Mn.
Chris: *smack, smack*... Mn, ah... *smack*... *slurp*...
Chris: Mnn, huff...! Yamato, your hips are moving. *lick, lick* ...Amph.
Yamato: Yeah. I feel so good, thanks to you.
Chris: Mn... *slurp, slurrp, slurrrrp* Mn... *kiss*
Chris: Hah, nmm... *smack, slurp*...! *slurp*... *smack, smack*... *smack*
Yamato: Mm... I'm cumming, Chris. Drink it all.
Chris: Aww alright... *slurp, suck*... Mn.
Yamato: Mmph, I'm cumming!
*With a jerk, the ejaculation began.*
Chris: Mnn...?! Mn! Mm, mmm!
*I spewed the stuff into her mouth.*
Chris: Mn, mnkh... Mn, mm... Mnkh...
*Though she was surprised by the intensity of my load, she made sure to keep my dick in her mouth.*
Chris: Mm, mmmmmm... Kh...
*So I filled that mouth with semen.*
*Only once she was sure I had finished did she pull back her lips.*
Chris: Mm, heh... Heh... Whew... *gulp, gulp*
*Then she began to swallow the semen inside her mouth.*
Chris: Mnkh... Mnkh... *gulp*...
Chris: *gulp* ... Mn, pwah... I drank... Your thick cum.
Yamato: And you didn't even cough.
Chris: Yeah... I drank all of your spunk... My tummy feels so warm.
Yamato: Thanks...
Chris: No problem...
Yamato: ......
Chris: ...?
Chris: Oh.
*Then, with a burst of realization, she brought her head back to my crotch.*
*For yes, I still hadn't told her to stop.*
*She resumed licking it.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick, kiss, lick, lick, lick*...
Chris: Mnf... Mn... *smack, slurp*... *kiss* hah...! Mn, pweh... *smack, kiss*
Chris: Mwah... *lick*... Yamato, your dick is twitching...
Yamato: Yeah. I'm so sensitive after cumming, so this feels amazing.
Chris: I had no idea. All right... Amph!
*Chris opened wide and gobbled up my penis.*
Yamato: Mn... Kh...?!
Chris: *lick* ...Mn... *smack, smack* *suck* *slurp*
*Then she slowly moved up and down my rod.*
Chris: *smack, smack*... Mwah... *lick, lick, lick*...
*She moved her sticky tongue along, practically stroking my sensitive glans.*
Yamato: Yes, that feels great. (I patted her head.)
Chris: Fwah... Mn, mnf, ah, mm... *slurp, smack, smack, lick, lick, lick, lick*...
*She narrowed her eyes in delight at my praise and crawled her tongue with even more passion.*
Chris: *slurp, slurrrrp*...! Mn, pwah...
Chris: Mm... *lick, lick* Yamato, it is so hard, *smack*... I am so glad I have turned you on... I will do my best. Hamph.
Yamato: You're so cute, Chris...
*She moved her tongue even more boldly.*
Chris: Mmm... *slurp, slurp*... Mnkh... *slurrrp*... Heh, mn, mnwah... *smack*...
Chris: Aweh, mn... Mnkh... *slurp*... *kiss, lick*
Chris: *smack, slurp*... *peck, smack, smack*...
*Her energetic movements quickly brought sweet numbness to my lower body.*
Chris: Huff, huff... Mn... *kiss*... *lick, lick*... *slurp*...
Yamato: Kh... Chris... Yes, I can't keep my hips still.
*Her tongue enthusiastically pleasured my hot penis.*
Chris: Mn... *kiss* *slurp* *slurrrrp*
*As I pushed my glans in deeper, the tip of her tongue rubbed against my urethra, and the flat of it traced the length of my rod.*
*Chris sucked away like she was in a trance.*
Chris: *kiss, kiss*...! *smack*... *lick, lick, lick*, mngh... Mnn... *smack* mnf!
Chris: *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming again!
*I thrust my hips and unleashed my sperm into her mouth.*
*Spew! Spew! Spurt... spurt spurt!*
*Though this was round 2, I still fired off a huge load.*
Chris: ...Mmmmm! Mm, mmm!
*She struggled against the semen deluge.*
*And yet, even so...*
Chris: Mm, hah... Mnn, kh, fweh...
*She made sure to take all of it in her mouth.*
Chris: Mm... *gulp, gulp, gulp*... *gulp*
*And this time, she didn't even release my rod before she started swallowing.*
Chris: Mm, gh... Mnkh, mnkh, mnkh!
Chris: ...*Gulp, gulp*... *gulp*
*She nobly proceeded to drink it all down.*
*As thanks welled up in me, I patted her head.*
Chris: Mm...
*Which caused her to sweetly moan, the sigh escaping through a crack between her lips and my dick.*
Chris: ...*smack*... *slurp*... Mnn.
*She used her tongue to scoop out the remaining drops in my urethra.*
Chris: Ooh, mm... Mmm, ah... Ugh...
*Chris still didn't let my cock leave her mouth.*
Chris: Hamph... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, kiss, peck*...
*She instead licked it clean inside her mouth.*
Chris: *lick, smack*... Mn... *kiss*...
*Which meant my penis never even had a chance to wilt before it was ready for Round 3.*
Yamato: Thanks. That's enough, Chris.
Chris: All right...
Chris: So... Yamato?
Yamato: Huh?
Chris: I... Read a few books on the subject, and...
Chris: Are men not supposed to need some time to recover after each go?
Chris: Yours always seems so much more... Robust than that.
Yamato: Yeah, firing off a load usually makes a man limp.
Yamato: But a man like me, with a girl as cute and beautiful as you, doesn't have time for that.
Chris: Yamato!
Yamato: (Well, men of my age are called monkeys all the time. I wouldn't call myself anything special.)
Chris: You are so manly...
*Chris gently kissed my penis.*
Yamato: Mn, but you know... How do I put this...
Chris: ......?
Yamato: You read books to learn more about sex?
Chris: Ugh!
*Her cheeks turned even redder.*
Yamato: What kind of books?
Chris: Uh, well...
Yamato: Where did you find them? Don't tell me you bought them from the bookstore in front of the station.
Chris: No. In truth, a girl in our class gave them to me as a parting gift, saying I needed to know at least this much.
Yamato: Wow, that was really kind of her. Who was it?
Chris: She asked me to try to keep it a secret from you, so I will not give her name.
Yamato: That part of you never changes.
Chris: Would you expect it to? I am me.
Yamato: And you're you even when you want the D.
Chris: Ooh... Ugh.
Yamato: My lady knight gives such sweet moans.
Chris: Sh-Sh-Sh-Shut up!
Chris: I try to act modestly, and you immediately seize on it!
Yamato: What part of that was modest?
Chris: All right, today is the day I make you utter sweet moans! I will not stop until you drop!
Yamato: Hey, Chr--
Chris: My choice, my choice, my choice!
Yamato: Gwah!
*She pushed me down.*
Chris: Mm... Yamato, take off your clothes.
Chris: And I will... take off mine.
Yamato: *stare*
Chris: D-Do not stare at me.
Yamato: But I'm the instantly-stripping king of nudity!
*These were safe days for her, so I kept going.*
Chris: That was quick... I-I have barely even started.
Yamato: It's fine, you don't have to bare it all. Just show me your boobs.
Chris: Ooh... A-All right.
Chris: Like this?
*Her beautiful mounds jiggled upon being given their newfound freedom.*
Yamato: Yeah. They're beautiful and perfectly shaped.
*I went to touch them, but Chris stopped me.*
Chris: Oh, not so fast!
Chris: Did you forget? Today is the day I give you pleasure.
Chris: Now stay down and cry with your cute--Yeagh! Ah, mn, stop, not my nipples...
Chris: I told you not to touch. Leave everything to me.
Chris: Now, prepare yourself. I am going to put you inside me...
*So she was challenging herself to do me cowgirl style.*
Chris: Heh. Am I not a knight? Thus, is it not just for me to ride upon my steed?
Yamato: Wait, are you ready for--
*But then I looked closer, and saw she was so wet that her juices were dripping all the way down her thighs.*
Yamato: So licking me got you wet... Damn.
*Liquid seeped from her slit.*
Chris: Stop staring!
*I spurred her anger.*
Chris: N-Now I will start... riding you.
Yamato: You can be so funny.
*Chris guided my erect dick to her entrance.*
Chris: --Mnph.
*It slipped out.*
Chris: O-One more try... Hah!
Chris: ...Ugh, i-it will not go in. You rampaging stallion!
Yamato: Maybe if you slowed down a bit!
Chris: What...? I do not need to slow down!
Chris: Mm, I just need to... put this... (It slid out again.)
Yamato: So it would appear the good lady knight cannot ride a horse.
Chris: Gh! I have but begun.
Yamato: Ouch! Are you trying to crush it?!
Chris: Kh, go in... I am going to make you moan.
Yamato: But isn't that really more your thing?
Chris: Hah... Stop, do not pinch me... Mnahhh!
Chris: This time will be the charm... Mn, kh, ah...
*Luckily, my glans began to dig into her vagina.*
Chris: G-Good... Here I go, Yamato. Let me hear your voice.
*Her hips smacked into mine.*
Chris: Ahh... Mm, it is so hot... Kh!
Chris: It is spreading me wide... Kh, ooh... Ahh.
*Her internal membranes were no less moist than her mouth had been.*
Chris: Ahh, fweh, mnah... Wh-What do you say, Yamato?
Yamato: Kh... Yeah, it's good. Keep pushing it in deeper.
Chris: Mnah, heheh, yes... I am going to make you feel even better.
*My penis sunk completely into Chris.*
Chris: Huff, huff, huff... Now we are one...
Yamato: Yeah, I'm so happy...
Chris: Y-Yamato... I-I know you want to kiss me.
Yamato: HUmm, well, m-more or less.
Chris: Mnkh, n-no need to be stubborn, mnn.
Chris: Tell me the truth, and I-I will kiss you...
Yamato: Show me an example.
Chris: A-An example...?
Chris: Kiss... me...
Yamato: Could you speak up?
Chris: Mnkh, I-I want to kiss you.
Yamato: Sure, you can kiss me.
Chris: S-Sure... Heheh... *smack, lick*
Chris: Mn... *smack, kiss*...? Wait, something feels wrong here.
Yamato: So, what's next?
Chris: Mm... I will move... You are going to moan so lewdly, Yamato.
Yamato: Kh, ooh, so you're going to shake your own hips?
Chris: Do not speak like that. *Headbutt!*
Yamato: Ouch!
Chris: See...? Mnkh... I am moving... Mn.
*Her movements rubbed membrane against membrane.*
Chris: Ahh, mnn...! Fwah, mnn...
*Her hips rose...*
Chris: Huff... Mnah... Ah... Ugh...
*Then lowered.*
Yamato: ...Kh, ah...
Chris: Heheh, I heard that. Heh, heh...
Yamato: And I heard you moaning too... Nwah!
Chris: Mm, I am going... to speed up. Kh!
*Slowly but surely, she picked up the pace.*
Yamato: Ah... Kh, ooh... Ooh.
Chris: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, I will do you... Even... Harder!
*Then, as she pounded me hard...*
*Flop.*
Chris: Ah! I-It fell out?!
Yamato: You went too intensely.
Yamato: It's hard to believe it, really, given how hard you were clamping down on me in there.
Chris: One more time... Mm.
*But it didn't go well.*
Yamato: Hey, hey, get a... Oof?!
Chris: All I wanted was to make you feel good...
Yamato: (This is way too much for the second time... I'll support her.)
*I focused all of my attention on my dick, then set it against her slit.*
Yamato: Oof, kh... If you just lower your hips now, I'll...
Chris: Ah, it is in... Good... Mn, mnah, mnaaahh!
Chris: Mm... Heh... Kh, huff, huff...
Yamato: Ugh, kh...
Chris: Mm... H-How about that, Yamato...?
*She moved gingerly, as if afraid of my rod slipping out again.*
*Nevertheless, the tightness of it gave incredible pleasure, but I still wanted more.*
Yamato: Ohh, it feels so good that I can't stop my hips!
*I slammed up into her from below.*
Chris: Fwah...! Mn, kh... Y-Yamato?
Chris: B-But you need to stay still!
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good that I can't stop myself... Ah.
Chris: ...I-It does? Heh, I see you have no patience. Which means you have fallen before m--fwah!
Yamato: CAN'T STOP! WON'T STOP!
Chris: Kweh! Mn... Ahhh! Y-Yamato, you are coming at me from below... Mn, mnah, kh, ooh...
Chris: Ah, ahh, y-your thrusts are so--mn... Hahn.
Yamato: Huff, huff. Looks like you're enjoying it, Chris.
Chris: ...Mm. Kh. Says you--Ah!
*I could hear her my dick splash into her love juices when I thrust.*
Chris: Mn, for it to feel so good... that your hips started m-moving... you must be very sensitive--mnn...
Yamato: Yeah... I'm getting even rougher too. (I slammed up into her hips.)
Chris: Kh, mnah, aweh, ah, ah, mnah?!
Yamato: Mn, kh, amazing, it's so tight...
Chris: Mngh... Fwah, h-hey, do not touch my breasts!
Yamato: Oh, but the way they were jiggling in front of me, I just...
Chris: As I said--Ah!--you just--Mnph!--need to sit there--Mn!--and feel--Ah!--good!
Yamato: Eh, your moans made it sound like you enjoyed it, so I just...
Chris: Huff... Huff... Th-Then I just have to stop moaning.
Yamato: Hm? Hey, bottling up your emotions isn't good for you.
Chris: This is not bottling anything up. I am simply staying quiet.
Yamato: ... (I continued to fuck her.)
Chris: ...
Yamato: ... (I rolled my fingers over her erect nipples.)
Chris: ......
*Chris was fighting back her cries.*
Yamato: Kh, all right, so it comes down to your pride as a knight?
Chris: Yes. You are the only one who will moan tonight.
Yamato: Then I'll try that.
Chris: I told you. Nothing will make me moan.
Yamato: Here I go. (I pulled my penis almost all the way out.)
Chris: --!
*Then slammed it all the way back in.*
Chris: Ahhh?! Hah, ahhh!
*And deep inside her, I could feel it tap against her womb.*
Chris: Ah... Ah... I-It is so deep... Mnah...
Yamato: Was that a moan I just heard, Lady Knight?
Chris: P-Perhaps if my stallion could control himself--mngh!
Yamato: I'll buck away until you tame me with sheer willpower.
*I thrust up even harder.*
*Splashes echoing from inside her.*
Chris: Mnah, kh... Ooh... Hah...
Chris: Awww... S-So dee... Mnnnph!
Chris: Mnn, it is tapping against it...
*My glans scratched against her passage.*
*A sweet numbness spread through my nethers.*
Chris: Mn, aweh, kh, hah! Like this...
*Her walls, wet with sticky nectar, clung to my dick.*
Chris: Kh... Ooh... Hahn... This is no different than before.
*Though I felt like I was melting into the pleasure, I wasn't yet at my peak.*
*Which felt a little slow, I had to say, but that meant I could bring Chris even more pleasure.*
Chris: ...Mmm!
Yamato: A-Amazing, it's getting tighter?!
*It squeezed down on me.*
Chris: ...Mn. So this does... give you more stimulation... Heheh.
Chris: If I move like this, then I will set the pace. Mn, hmm.
*She moved her own hips, giving me numb pleasure.*
Yamato: Kh... N-Not bad... Mnn.
Chris: Yamato... Mm, Yamato... Kh... Fwah!
*I scooped up and felt up her beautiful bouncing boobs.*
Chris: Kh, fwah... A-Again with my chest...? Ah, fwah!
Chris: Mm, your thing... is rubbing... inside me... Ah, ah!
Yamato: Chris, kiss me...
Chris: Yes... Mn... *kiss, lick* Hamph... *lick*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*... *lick*... *lick*
Chris: Pwah... Yamato... Well?
Yamato: Mn, yeah, that was awesome.
*I took her erect nipple into my mouth and sucked as hard as I could.*
Chris: Mnkh?! Mnahhh...
*Again, her pussy clamped down on me.*
Yamato: ...Ah, I can't hold back any longer.
Chris: ...Huh?
Yamato: I want to cum... I'm going to fuck you hard.
*I thumped hard against her, sending my dick deep inside.*
Chris: Fwaaaaahhhhh!
*Deep enough that my glans touched her womb's entrance, so I rubbed against it.*
Chris: Mm, kwah! Ah, fwah! Ahh... Ahh...
Yamato: So you really--Mmph--are sensitive here.
*I kneaded her breasts as I continued to thrust.*
Chris: Mnkh... Ah, ahh... Ahhh.
*Chris shook her beautiful blond hair and moaned adorably.*
Chris: I-I cannot... Y-Yamato, I am going to...
*Her body quivered, and her vagina began contracting.*
Yamato: Ugh, kh... Me too...
*I drove my clips towards our climaxes.*
Chris: Kwah, mn, ahhhhh! Huff, ah, mn, Yamato, Yamato...
*Into that amazing tightness I sent one last thrust.*
Chris: Ahhh! I love you, Yamato...
*My tip pressed against her cervix.*
Chris: I-I am cumming...
Yamato: Kh... Chris!!!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt!*
Chris: Waaahhh?! Mnkh, ah-ahhhh!
*Semen poured continuously into her womb.*
Chris: Ah, kh, ooh... Y-You are cumming...
*Her body quivered.*
Chris: Huff, ahh... I-It is so hot...
Yamato: Mn, there's still more... Feel it, Chris.
*Spurt, spurt, spurt...*
Chris: Ah, ah, ah... Just getting creampied is making me cum again...
Chris: ...Ah...
*As she climaxed again, she brought her lips to mine.*
Chris: Hahn... Mn... *kiss*... Yamato... Mn.
Yamato: Chris... *kiss* mn... *lick*...
Chris: Your thing inside me is... *kiss* mn... *lick* *lick*... Not getting the least bit smaller... Mn, *kiss*
Yamato: I can still keep going... Because you're the cutest girl in the world.
Chris: Mnfh... *kiss* Again you start with those words. *lick*
Chris: *pwah* Then this time... Mn, kh, ah...
Yamato: Ah. H-Hey... Mm.
Chris: Ah, wah... I will move myself... Ahh.
*She started moving her hips once more.*
*With the semen inside her providing more lubricant.*
Chris: Mn, huff... Mn, Yamato, I see you are turned on...
Chris: Mn, mm, you did say you are most sensitive after ejaculating. Mnph!
Chris: Huff... Ahh... Mn... This time I will truly take the lead.
*She moved her hips to the pleasure.*
Chris: Fwah, ah... Again it is at its biggest size... Mnah.
Yamato: Kh... Ah, this feels so good...
Chris: Mmm... Kh, heheh, I have finally mastered riding you.
Chris: Ah... Mm. It is so wonderfully hot... Mnn!
Yamato: I'm amazed you can move your hips so--Ahh!
Chris: That is--Mmph!--thanks to all my training--Mmph!
*Of course... Her pussy felt really tight, and that was probably because she was always training.*
Yamato: Chris, huff... Huff...
Chris: Mm, Yamato... Keep your mouth open... Mm.
Chris: Take everything I have to offer... *smack*... *slurp*
*Chris dribbled saliva into my mouth.*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp*
*My throat purred as I swallowed the sweet nectar.*
Yamato: Chris, where did you learn to do that?
Chris: You did the same to me last time.
Yamato: Oh. Right...
Chris: Do you want more?
Yamato: Give me your saliva, Lady Knight.
Chris: What a nasty horse you are... Open wide.
Chris: *slurp*... Here I go... *slurp*...
*The saliva dripped down towards me.*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp*
Chris: ...Good. Next, I want you to whinny.
Yamato: Uh, that's not happening. (I thrust upwards.)
Chris: Ahah?! ...Ahh... But was that not, ah, the perfect moment for it? Mnah!
Chris: Such moments, mmph, seem wonderful to have from time to time, mnah!
Yamato: I still can't let you do that yet. *kiss*
Chris: Mmm... *kiss* amph... Mn.
*We flirted and teased as our pleasure ran hotter.*
Chris: Ahh... Your thing is trembling inside me.
*She said, tapping her forehead against mine.*
Yamato: That's because of what you're doing inside...
Chris: ...Heheh.
Yamato: Chris... *kiss*...
Chris: Mm... Yamato... *kiss, kiss*
Yamato: Let's both feel good again together.
Chris: *lick* *lick*... Okay... Pwah!
*We both began to move at the same time.*
Chris: Haaau... Mm, it is so deep... Ah, ahhh!
Chris: Mnkh... Yamato, yours is twitching inside me... Ahn...
Chris: ...Ah, aweh... Fwah! Ah, ahh, if you thrust so deeply, I will...
Chris: Yamato, again I am... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Yeah... Me too... I can't believe how amazing this feels.
Yamato: It's like we were made for each other.
Chris: Mmm... Fwah... Ah, ahh... Amazing...
*She'd begun contracting.*
*And I thrust my dick into that raging-hot embrace.*
Chris: Fwah... Ah, mn, oooh! I am going to go crazy... Ahhh!
Chris: Ahhh! I-I am cumming, I cannot stop, I am cumming...
Yamato: I'm cumming too, Chris...
Chris: Ahh, cum, cum inside me... Give me your hot spunk...
Yamato: Yeah, I'm cumming, I'm cumming Chris!
Chris: Cum... Yamato, Yamato!
Yamato: Chris, Chris!
Chris: Ahhh, ah, ah, Yamato, I love you...
Yamato: Mnph!
*I yanked her hips down as I pounded up.*
Chris: Haaaah! I am cumming, I am cumming!
*Her womb's entrance and my glans stuck together.*
Chris: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurrrrt! Spew, spew, spew!*
Chris: Mmmnnn... So much spunk...
Chris: Aweh... Mn, my stomach... is so hot... Mnn.
Chris: Kweh... Huh? What? Ah, wh-why are you moving?!
Yamato: Because your face during orgasm is too damn hot!
Yamato: So I'm going to make you orgasm even more!!!
*I drilled into her even as I ejaculated.*
Chris: Ahhh! Stop! Anymore and my mind, ah, ahhhh...
*I thrust up, aiming for her womb.*
Chris: Ahhh! Moving while you cum is just so--Ahhh!
Chris: FWahhh! Fwah... I-I cannot...
**smack, smack, smack, smack, smack*...*
Chris: Ahhh, fwah, ahah, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato, Yamato...
Yamato: Mn, the way you keep calling my name... I really do love you.
Chris: I love you, I love you so much, Yamato, I love you, I love you!
Yamato: Does it feel good when I thrust up into you?
Chris: Ah! Y-Yes! It feels so good!
*I stabbed into her soaking-wet insides.*
Yamato: Here's where you love it, right?
*I ground against her womb, like I was trying to knock it open.*
Chris: Mnaahh... Yes, there, there, it feels too good!
Yamato: Then I'll shoot it right there once again... Mn... Ahh.
Chris: Yes... Do it... Cum for me!
Yamato: Mnn, I'm cumming...
*I slammed into her as hard as I could.*
Chris: Hwahn! Ahhhhhh!
*Spew! Spew... spurt spurt!*
*I ejaculated right up against her cervix.*
Chris: Kh, ah... Y-You are cumming... Again...
Chris: Huff... Ah, there is so much inside me... Ahhh.
Chris: I like this... The feel of this, it is so good...
Chris: I feel, mm, like I am melting...
Chris: Awah... Even though just having you inside me is incredible on its own...
Chris: Your semen is making me c-cum...
Chris: Huff... Huff... Huff... Ah, ahh...
*After that slow, intense emission...*
Chris: *kiss*... *kiss*... Yamato, stay with me, stay with me forever.
Yamato: I will, Chris. I love you.
*Our kisses continued long into the night.*
Yamato: I couldn't agree more, Chris!
Yamato: This is the only way to prove how good it feels.
*I slid in between the two women.*
Margit: What are you doing, you insolent wretch? You will die!
Yamato: (Dammit, she's out for blood!)
Chris: No, Mar-san. I have grabbed your hands.
Margit: F-Frau Chris!
Chris: Yamato, now.
Yamato: Yeah, leave it to me!
*I took off the brawny, elite warrior's clothes.*
Margit: You will stop! Stop!
*Margit glared.*
Chris: Mar-san, relax. Relax.
Margit: Frau Chris...
*She relaxed, giving me the opportunity to go for her underwear.*
Margit: Ah!
*Slowly but surely, her trim, warrior woman's body came into view.*
Chris: Mar-san, you are always so slender and pretty.
Margit: But... Ah, h-hey!
*And I took off her unelaborate bra.*
*Her two melons bounced into the light of day.*
Margit: Ah, my chest... Hey, this isn't funny!
*While she froze in confusion, I removed her underwear.*
Yamato: Let's strip too.
Chris: Yes.
Chris: I am naked.
Margit: That was fast!
Yamato: Chris... I love you. *kiss*
Chris: And I you, Yamato. *kiss*
*Once we'd shared our passionate kiss, all that was left...*
Chris: Mar-san!
Margit: Wawawa!
*Was to take on Margit together, who was flustered and had no idea how to handle herself.*
Chris: ...Like this?
Yamato: Yeah, this view is the greatest. You're both so pretty.
Margit: Ooh, h-how could this be?
*Margit... Tonight, and just tonight, you would be Mar-san.*
*Chris had grabbed both her hands; she couldn't move.*
Margit: ...Huff... Huff... R-Release me, please.
*Furthermore, she was metaphorically drunk off of Kawakami Water.*
*It was clear to see she couldn't resist.*
Yamato: Then let's get started!
*I leaned over her and took a hold of her jiggling boobs.*
Margit: Hauu?! H-Hey!
Chris: ...Mar-san.
*Chris had begun to stimulate her sister as well, she with a delicate touch from below.*
Margit: Ah... Hah! B-Both at once...?
*I nibbled on her ear and stuck my tongue inside.*
Yamato: The size, the firmness... It's incredible.
*I groped the heck out of that bust.*
Margit: Kwah! N-Naoe Yamato--Mn? Mnn?!
*She tried to say something, but I sealed her lips with a kiss.*
Margit: *kiss, lick* Pwah, huff... You... Kissed me?
Yamato: ...Wait, was that actually your first kiss?
Margit: --!
*She blushed. I must have been right. She was still a virgin.*
Margit: Naoe, how dare you--Mnnph?! Ah...
*I pinched her nipples, rubbed my fingers against them.*
Margit: --Hah, ah!
Chris: Mar-san, you are starting to enjoy it.
Margit: Ah, F-Frau Chris... Mn, ah!
*While Chris turned her on with strokes of her fingers that, even in this situation, managed to be courteous and ladylike.*
Yamato: Mar-san, turn towards me.
Margit: D-Do not call me--Mnn! Mmm!
*I turned her back towards me and kissed her again.*
*Saliva dripped from her mouth.*
Margit: Kh, ah... Mn... *smack, slurp, gulp*
Chris: Ah! Mar-san, no fair!
Yamato: I have some for you too. *slurp*
Chris: Ahhhm... *smack, slurp, gulp*...
Margit: Frau Chris... Such audacity.
*As I rolled my fingers against Mar-san's hardening nipples, I whispered,*
Yamato: But it tastes so good.
Margit: ...Ooh... Ah... Th-That cannot be.
Chris: Yes, Yamato's is wonderfully delicious.
Yamato: Have some more. Mmm...
Margit: Mn... Mmm... *lick, slurp*
*I groped and kneaded her boobs as I made her drink my saliva.*
Margit: *slurp*... *slurp*... *smack, gulp, gulp*
Yamato: How was it?
Margit: Ooh, I-I don't know... My mind is, mnn, slowing down...
*Chris's soft caresses were working their magic.*
Yamato: Mar-san, let me drink yours too. Mnn.
Margit: Nmm... Hah... Mn... *slurp, suck*
Yamato: Mm... *gulp, gulp*
Margit: *slurp, smack, slurp*... Pwah.
Yamato: Mnn, it tastes wonderfully sweet, Mar-san.
Margit: I told you not to call me--Mnaahh!
Yamato: Do you see now how good this feels?
Margit: I still... cannot comprehend it... Mnn.
Yamato: Then I'll go for your ass... There.
Margit: ......!!!
*Before Mar-san could say anything, I went and pinched her ripe, plump ass.*
Margit: Mnn! Ah, ah, stop! Not my butt! Ah!
*Her tight backside wiggled before my eyes.*
Chris: It is so rare to see you panic... Eigh!
Margit: Kwah... M-My breasts... You must stop, Frau Chris.
*Chris went after her tits; me, her ass.*
Margit: Kh... Heh, my body... It's getting hot.
*I scooped her butt cheeks up in my hands.*
Margit: Kh... Heh... Mn... Huff, huff...
*And as I stroked them, I spread them apart.*
Margit: Aiee?!
*Before my eyes twitched Mar-san's pink asshole.*
Margit: Yah! No... Ahh...
Yamato: Is being watched turning you on?
Margit: Of course n--Fwah!
*I crawled my tongue along her outstretched behind.*
Margit: You... W-Will not lick me!
*As I moistened her butt with saliva, I poked her asshole with my fingers.*
Margit: Mnah, ah, huff... Mn... S-Stop. Mnahh!
Chris: So this is your girly voice... Eigh, eigh!
Margit: Fwah. F-Frau Chris!
*Chris, with the aid of the non-alcohol, was giving me strong support.*
Yamato: Then I'll put it in your butt.
Margit: Ah! That's impossible! Mnph!
Yamato: ...Then you'll have to do something about my Johnny, because it's ready for a fight.
*I shoved it in her face.*
Margit: --!
Yamato: Let it in there.
Chris: Heheh. Mar-san, it tastes good too.
Margit: That can't possibly be--Amph, mm!
*I stuck my tip, which was already overflowing with precum, into her mouth.*
Chris: Mar-san, be sure not to bite.
*The thick precum broth spread through her mouth.*
Margit: Mmmph! Mmn... Mm.
Yamato: Drink, and you'll know how tasty it is.
Margit: ... *gulp*... *gulp*... Mn... *gulp*
*Helpless to do otherwise, she began slurping up my precum.*
Chris: Mm... Yamato... Then I will go... behind her.
*Drunk, she boldly buried her face in my ass.*
Chris: *lick*... *lick*... *lick*... Delicious.
*Then began to lick my asshole.*
Margit: --!
*--30 minutes later.*
Margit: Mnn, heh, ooh... *smack* mnkh... *gulp*
Chris: *lick*... *lick, lick* mnn...
*Chris's anal ministrations caused an endless flow of precum to spill into and moisten Mar-san's mouth.*
Margit: Mn... *slurp*... Mnkh... *gulp*... Mnkh.
*Mar-san seemed to enter a daze, as if her mind was focusing on nothing but drinking my man-juice.*
*Maybe that was thanks to how I persistently continued to feel up her bouncing boobies.*
Yamato: I'm shooting my first load, Mar-san.
*I clutched her head to make sure she'd drink it all.*
Margit: Mnnph?! Mngh! Mn, mmmm!
*The sensation of having my dick rammed down her throat startled her.*
*Spew, spurt, spurt...*
Margit: ...?! Mmm, ngh... Mn! Mm!
Yamato: Kh... Go ahead and drink it all up, Mar-san.
Margit: Mngh...! Gh... Mnkh... *gulp*... *gulp*...
*She drank the semen I'd ejaculated into the back of her throat.*
Yamato: Thank you, Mar-san. *pat pat* So let's keep going.
Margit: Mnn... *cough, cough*.,.. I-It's so thick...
Yamato: Chris, thanks for licking me. Can you back into that position?
Chris: Roger that. Mar-san, hah!
Margit: *cough* ...Wah! Frau Chris...
Chris: Was is not delicious?
Margit: The flavor was... I do not know, but my body feels so hot.
Chris: Hm, we need one last push. Charge!
Margit: Frau Chris, please, come to your senses--Ah?!
*I started sucking on Mar-san's ass from behind.*
Yamato: Kiss, slurp, lick*... *smack*
Margit: Hau, ah! Fwah, oooh?!
*Enthralled, I sucked on her already wet virgin slit.*
Margit: Fwah, ahhhh... Ah, you're sucking on it? ...Ah!
*Shivers ran through her body.*
Margit: You will stop--Mn, ah... Ah, fwah...
*It felt like her labia were sucking on my lips.*
Margit: ...Kh, ooh... Mnah, ah...
Chris: Wow, Mar-san. You must be enjoying that.
Margit: N-No, I simply don't know how to respond to being licked down--Hah, kwah...
*When I stuck out my tongue and licked her clitoris, she shuddered with what had to be her strongest reaction yet.*
Margit: Kweh, auu, heh, ah... Ahh, ah...
*Next I carefully stimulated the area around her pussy.*
Margit: You're a boy... Yet I am powerless before you?
*I loved the firm plop sound her ass made when I pressed my face against it.*
Margit: Ah, ah, stop making sound... Mnaahhh!
*My mouth became moist both with my own saliva and with Mar-san's love juice.*
Yamato: Yours is amazingly wet. You must be feeling good.
Chris: Mar-san, your cheeks are so beautifully red...
Margit: Huff, huff. I-If you are going to do something, then you will do it already!
Yamato: Now, now, no need to be hasty. *lick, lick* *lick, lick*...
Margit: Kweh... Ah, your tongue is moving so vulgarly--Ah!
*I opened up her pussy and licked the flesh inside.*
Margit: Ahh... Mn, ahh... Ah! ...F-Frau Chris, not my breasts again--Ah!
*I tasted her thick, virgin love juice.*
Yamato: You're starting to move your hips on your own...
Margit: Th-That cannot be... Am I moving unconsciously?
Yamato: Don't be so stunned. I mean, all it means is that you're enjoying it.
*I rested my rock-hard dick against her slit.*
Margit: Huh? Th-That's...
Yamato: Let's go... Mar-san, I'm making you a woman.
*Then I slowly inserted my glans into her pussy.*
Margit: Ah, ahhh...
*I felt the resistance of her hymen.*
*But I stabbed right through it.*
Margit: Kwah... ! Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: ...Are you all right, Mar-san?
Margit: Kh, ooh... I'm fine... But.
Chris: I hope this makes things even a bit easier... Eigh! (She squeezed Mar-san's chest.)
Margit: It hurts, but it's so warm... Kh, ah!
Margit: Mmph, you're advancing into me... Ah, ahhh!
*Thanks to making her wet beforehand, I smoothly slid into her.*
Margit: Huff, mn... Huff, it's going wild... inside me...
*Deep inside her, my penis shook with the pleasure of her pussy's tight grip.*
Chris: Mar-san... Your expression is so adult.
Margit: Kh, hey, what are you calling pleasant? The pain is far greater than the pleasure. Though it isn't more than I can bear...
Yamato: Don't worry. It'll feel better soon. No -- I'll make it better.
*They say that each vagina is unique in how it holds a cock, but Mar-san's felt exactly like Chris's.*
*Which meant that her G-spot should be in the back too...*
Margit: Mnkh?! Ah... Ah, you're moving? ...Mnph.
*I continued to move my hips while savoring the feeling of conquest I got from fucking her from behind.*
Margit: Huff, huff, huff... Mn, mmm, mm.
*When I moved through her outermost regions, she barely responded.*
*Next, I'd try deeper thrusts.*
Margit: Huff, mn, ah?! Y-You're so deep!
Chris: Wow. Mar-san, you look like you are in ecstasy.
Yamato: I knew it'd be here. All right, stick your butt out more.
*I pulled at her beautiful ass so I could thrust even deeper.*
Margit: Haahhh! Ah, gh, you're so rough...
*I thrust away while enjoying the passionate squeeze of her inner walls.*
Margit: What is this...? It hurts, but it feels so good.
Yamato: See, you're used to it already... Whoa, awesome. You're getting even tighter.
Chris: Once you are fully used to it, it will feel even better, Mar-san.
Yamato: How's it feel for Chris to watch you become a woman?
Margit: ...Ooh... It's embarrassing, of course.
Chris: You are so cute, Mar-san... I could not ask for a better sister.
*As we moved our mouths, I never stopped moving our hips.*
Margit: Mnah, kh, I don't want to scream, and yet... Ahhh!
Chris: Let us hear your moans, Mar-san. Do not hold back.
Margit: F-Frau Chris... Kweh, ooh, ahhh...
Yamato: I think your insides might be used to me. Mmph!
*I sped up my thrusts, pressing my glans deep inside her.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, ahhhh... Haaahhhh...
*Her previously-virgin walls were hot; they undulated and clung tightly to my penis as I fucked her.*
Margit: Frau Chris, pinching my nipples is too much for me to -- Fwah!
*As Chris attacked her too, all traces of pain disappeared from Mar-san's voice.*
Yamato: How is it, Mar-san? Feels good, right?
Margit: Huff, huff, huff, huff, kh... Ooh.
Yamato: Do you want me to stop going deep?
Margit: Mnah, ahhh...! Kh!
Yamato: Doesn't it feel good to be fucked?
Margit: Hahhn, ah, ah... Haahh!
Margit: Kh, ooh... I cannot believe... A boy... Is turning me on.
Yamato: I feel incredible. Like I'm going to go crazy.
Yamato: That's because your body is so amazingly hot.
Margit: ...Naoe... Yamato.
Chris: Yeah... Mar-san, you are not on a mission.
Chris: So do not force yourself. Ask for whatever you would like.
Chris: I felt amazing when he did that to me.
Margit: ...Frau Chris.
Yamato: I'll ask one more time. Mn, kh, how was that?
*I bashed my hips into hers.*
Margit: Ah, ahh... Mnah, mnah... Huff... I-It feels... Wonderful.
Yamato: Okay, great. Then I'll keep doing it!
Chris: Did saying it make you feel at ease? Relax your muscles.
Margit: Frau Chris... Fwah, ahh, you're so rough, so suddenly...
*I gazed at the enchanting sight of Mar-san's wiggling ass as I accelerated my thrusts.*
Margit: Mnah, ahh, Y-Yamato, your thing is t-touching me... Kwah, ah, ahhh!
*Her asshole twitched, tempting me.*
Margit: Hah, ah! Mnnn... Mnah, th-there feels so good... Kh, ahhh!
Yamato: So here, right in the back?!
Margit: Fwaahhh! Yes, there feels so... Wah!
Yamato: You're such an amazingly cute girl when you're honest.
Margit: ...Ah...
*Her internal mucous membranes tightened around me.*
Yamato: I'll fuck you even deeper, so raise your butt.
Margit: ...Mmn...
*She thrust up her hips, just like Chris would.*
*Though actually, I felt like she'd fallen faster than Chris.*
Yamato: Then here we go. Chris, follow my lead.
Chris: All right. I will focus on her breasts!
Margit: Mmn, mm... Fwah, incredible... Ahhhh!
*As I continued to piston deep into her, shudders coursed through her alabaster-skinned body.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, ahhh, kh, this feels so good...
*Sweat beaded erotically on her back.*
Yamato: Mm... Mar-san... The way your boobs jiggle is so sexy.
Chris: But as a knight, I swear my fingers will not leave your nipples!
*It was fair to say that Chris was drunk off her ass.*
Yamato: Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!) Mnph! (Slam!)!
Margit: Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
*I held my glans against her womb's entrance, ground against it.*
Margit: Hahhh, mnaahhh, haahhh...
*As I continued to aim for that point, her walls began to constrict around me.*
Margit: Ahhh, ah, ah, I'm... Ah!
Chris: Let me see you cum, Mar-san.  (She pinched her nipples.)
Margit: Kweh... Ah, ahah, mnn, I-I'm going to...
Yamato: You're so tight. I'm going to ejaculate, Mar-san!
*Spuuurrrrt!*
Margit: Aaaahhhhhhhh!
Margit: Huff, it's so hot... Kh...
Yamato: Huff, huff... Mar-san... Mnn.
Margit: It's coming... Into me... Kh, mnn.
Margit: Ah, ahhh... So this is sex...
*Her pussy filled with my semen, I pulled out.*
Margit: Aww...
Chris: Yamato... Next... Do me.
Yamato: I know. I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
Yamato: ...It looks like you're plenty wet.
Chris: Of course I am, after seeing Mar-san's face and hearing her cries... Mnn.
*My cock hadn't lost its hardness. I inserted it into Chris.*
Chris: Kwah... Mnnn... It is amazingly hot.
*My dick, coated in Mar-san's love juice, now slid into Chris.*
Margit: Huff... Huff... Huff... Aiee?!
Yamato: This hole's next, so we have to loosen it up.
Margit: N-No... N-Not there...
Yamato: If I don't make your backdoor feel good, I won't have proven my point.
Margit: Stop, don't tease my ass... Ah, ahh... Ah!
Chris: Ahh... Ahh, Yamato, your thing feels so good...
Chris: Kh, heh... Ah, Yamato... Yamato.
Chris: I am cumming already...
*Chris quickly fell into the convulsions of orgasm.*
*I was sensitive after having just came, so I quickly reached my limit for the second time.*
*After churning through Chris's just-orgasmed walls...*
Yamato: Mar-san, lift up your butt... Mnph.
Margit: Ahh, not so fast! Kwahhh!
*I shoved my dick into her pussy and ejaculated the moment I reached her deepest depths.*
Margit: Ahhhh! You came as soon as you entered me! Fwah!
*I let Chris turn me on, and only ejaculated into Mar-san.*
Yamato: Chris, one more round... Mnph!
Chris: Ah, Yamato, amazing, mmn! Ah, ah, ah!
*After giving Chris her fill of pleasure...*
Yamato: I'm cumming, Mar-san!
Margit: Fwah... Ahhh! Kwah!
*Once my cock reached its limit, I switched to Mar-san and spilled my seed into her.*
Margit: Fwah! Ah, you're showering my deep insides with your cum again! Fwaaahhh...
*The spray of cum all gushed towards her womb.*
Yamato: I know Chris likes the point-blank womb cum shower... Feels good, doesn't it?
Margit: Huff, huff, huff... I'm going crazy.
Yamato: But we haven't even started the main event... There.
Margit: Hah! Wh-What are you doing to my butt?
Yamato: We need lots of lotion, you know, to get you ready.
Chris: That makes it not hurt, Mar-san!
*I put plenty of lotion on her ass and on my dick.*
Yamato: There is a bit of a learning curve, but... Let's go.
Margit: S-Stop... Kh. My hips are too numb... Ah, I can't move...
*I touched my glans against her quivering asshole.*
Margit: Ugh!
Yamato: Time to take your anal virginity.
*Little by little, I thrust into her.*
Margit: Gh... Mnph! Ah?! ...Fwah, huff...
*With a squelch, my glans spread open her asshole.*
Margit: Kwah?! Ah, ah, ahh...
*I'd buried my glans entirely inside her ass.*
*Her entrance was as tight as I'd hoped.*
Margit: ...Ugh... Ooh, kh! Nngh...
*A true soldier, she was holding out through sheer force of will.*
Yamato: It'll start feeling good soon. Relax your muscles.
Chris: He's right. Clenching down just makes it hurt more. You need to relax as he thrusts, and clench as he exits.
Margit: Mnkh, ah... Ooh... R-Relax...
*She followed Chris's advice and relaxed.*
Yamato: Then I'll go all the way in.
*I soothingly caressed her butt cheeks, which were trembling from the stimulation.*
Yamato: Mm... *squelch, push, shove*
Margit: Ah...! Huff... Huff, your hot dick is... coming inside... my butt... Ugh.
*I'd pushed it all the way in.*
*Had thrust into her virgin asshole.*
*It felt moist.*
Yamato: Then I'll move... And I'll move slowly, so don't worry.
Margit: Kh, I don't mind... Move how you like, mnph. This is nothing.
*Her inner membranes squirmed about.*
Margit: But at present, this truly only hurts... Mnn.
*Slowly but steadily, I pulled back.*
Margit: Fwaahh?! Ah, ahhh... Fwah?!
Yamato: Doesn't this part feel good? Chris loves it.
Chris: Yes... Goodness, I blush just thinking about it.
*And then I thrust all the way back in.*
Margit: Kweh... Ooh... You're back inside me.
*She clenched her anus, increasing the stimulation.*
Margit: Haah, ooh... Mn, mmph! Ooh, mn, ahn...! Such pressure!
Margit: Fwah... Ahh... I feel like I'm on fire... Mmnph!
*Mar-san must have been melting in the pleasure.*
*I moved as slowly as I could, trying to loosen her up.*
Margit: Heh, hah... Ah, mnn, ah... Hah... It's strange, but my lower body is tingling...
Margit: Mnkh, huff, huff, I'm feeling better and better, mnph!
Yamato: You've gotten used to it. You have a body that likes anal.
Margit: Kweh, ah... Mnn... I do not, mnph, appreciate that.
*She slowly grew loose, and it became easier for me to move.*
Margit: Ahh... Wah, ahah... Ah, mnn, s-so rough... Huff, huff!
*I slapped my hips against her sweaty ass.*
Margit: Mnah, ah! Y-You're so deep, in such an embarrassing location... Mnaahhh...
*Then I ground my hips, stimulating her more.*
Margit: Fwah?! Kh, ahhh! Mnnnnph!
Yamato: ...Ugh, I'm about to cum.
Margit: Huh? Y-You are? In my butt...?!
Yamato: Yeah, in the deepest part of you I can.
Chris: Yamato, at moments like this, is just so merciless.
Margit: Kweh, ah... Ah, ah, ah, ah!
*I shoved myself deep into her ass and ejaculated.*
*Though this was round 2, I still fired off a huge load.*
Margit: Ah... Ahh... Fwah, ah... You're cumming inside me.
*Even as I ejaculated, her insides and her anus continued to squeeze me hard.*
*Which felt so good that I fell into a trance and swung my hips.*
Margit: Ahh, ahhh, you're moving? Kwah, mn, mnnnph!
*It was decently easy to move, so I shoved myself into her.*
Margit: Mnaahhh! Ah, ahhhhhh!
Margit: Ooh, ahhhhhh! Ahh, mnph! I-If you do me, ahh, like that, I'll...
Margit: A-Aiee, ahhh, kh, I'm cumming from my...
Yamato: Cum, Mar-san. Cum from anal.
Margit: Kh, fwah, ahhh! Ahhhh!
Yamato: Mnah, I'm cumming again!
*I churned through her insides.*
Margit: Fwah...?! Kh, ugh! Ahhh! ...Ah!
Chris: Mar-san... You came...
*Spurt! Spew! Spurrrrt!*
Margit: Mmph... Again... So deep. Ahhh!
*Mar-san shuddered as my semen entered her.*
Yamato: Well...? Do you understand how good it feels?
*I yanked my dick out of her sticky anal embrace.*
Margit: Fwah! Mn... Ah, ahh...
Margit: That... Was incredible. *Thud!*
*She crumpled to the floor.*
*.........*
Margit: Zzz...
*She slept soundly on the floor under a blanket we'd wrapped around her.*
Chris: *smack*... *lick*... *slurp*. Goodness. Yamato, you spent way too much time with Mar-san. *lick*
*Sulked Chris with jealousy as she gave me head.*
Chris: However... Thank you... *smack, lick*. When we took a shower together earlier... *lick*...
Chris: *smack* Pwah, she said she was glad that you treated her as a woman. *lick*
Yamato: Mn, kh... Did she now?
Chris: Mar-san has had to act so manly to make it as far as she has. And with her dignified looks, she is somewhat handsome. *slurp* *lick*
Chris: And as a military woman, I can see why she would like being treated like a girl.
Chris: But that does not make me any less jealous over how you ignored me! *lick*
Yamato: All right. Then how about I give you a love shower?
Chris: *lick, smack, slurp, slurp*
*I took my penis out of her mouth and shot one last load onto her face.*
Chris: Kwah, mnn, it's so hot... On my face... Pwah.
Chris: Mnn... Time to clean... *slurp* *lick, lick*
Chris: Mnn... *slurp* After all, now you have only me to focus on.
Yamato: That's just what I want. My Johnny doesn't know the meaning of the word 'limp'.
Chris: Mnn, that is good to hear... *slurp, smack*
Chris: *smack, lick* mnn... *lick, lick*...
*Chris happily licked away.*
Chika: I'm coming in.
*Cookie was at the Friday Meeting and Gen-san was at work, so no one was coming home tonight.*
Chika: Th-There really isn't anyone here.
Yamato: All my childhood friends have gathered elsewhere.
Chika: Shouldn't you go, too?
Yamato: I love my friends, but there's someone else who matters even more to me now.
Chika: Yeah. I'm happy to hear that.
Chika: So this is your room. It's cleaner than I thought.
Yamato: I try to always keep it clean.
*Besides, I could never invite a girl to a dirty room.*
Chika: Wait a second.
Yamato: Hm?
*Chika took out her phone and typed a text.*
Chika: I told my mom I might not be home tonight. She'd totally worry if I didn't.
Yamato: You're such a good daughter.
Chika: Well, even if she tells me to rush home, I just won't hear it because my phone is now off.
Yamato: I get it.
*That was still better than not saying anything at all.*
Chika: ...Umm.
Yamato: Can I kiss you?
Chika: Wai--Ah.
*I kissed before she had a chance to fix her breath.*
Chika: Mm... *kiss*... Mn... *kiss, lick*
*Her body jerked suddenly, but she soon calmed down.*
Yamato: Mm... *kiss*
*After swiftly rolling out the futon and sitting her down on it, we continued.*
Chika: *gasp* Ah, mm... Pwah.
Yamato: Oh, sorry. Was that too rough?
Chika: I-I'm fine... Like, you just surprised me.
Yamato: I want more. Let's do it again.
Chika: Aaah... Mm... *kiss*
*I started before she had a chance to argue back.*
*My plan of attack was a slightly milder version of what Shimokitazawa-kun had recommended.*
Chika: Mm... Hah, ah... *kiss* mm.
*Chika was getting more and more into it.*
Chika: Mm... *kiss, smack*... Mm... *kiss*
Yamato: Fwah...
*Then, I dared to take a step back.*
Chika: Hm? You're done already?
Yamato: You looked like you weren't enjoying it.
Chika: As if. Kiss me more.
*I stopped her from chewing the gum, but that hadn't changed anything.*
*When we kissed, all my cares about those little things faded away.*
Chika: Mm, Yamato-kun... Huff... Mn--*kiss, peck*
*And my heart began to melt before her cute moans.*
Yamato: Chika, mn...
*Little by little, we entwined our tongues and moved deeper into each other's mouths.*
*We both shut our eyes.*
Chika: Fwah, aahh... Mn, hah...
Yamato: Mm, you're so cute.
Chika: Ah, I'm happy... you said that.
*In this space, there was no one but each other.*
Yamato: Chika, I...
Chika: ...I guess you would be.
Yamato: Seeing you today, I fell in love with you all over again. I want to take all of you.
Chika: Yeah, okay...
Chika: I'll borrow your bath.
Yamato: Yeah.
*I decided to send off one last text, as insurance.*
*...............*
Chika: Wah, my heart's going so fast!
Chika: I thought I was ready for this, but...
Chika: N-No, I can do this. I've totally heard plenty from Haguro.
Chika: Oh my gosh, I'm even talking to myself more... Really, what's wrong with me?
*I'd been curious, so I'd started eavesdropping on her.*
Yamato: She must be nervous.
*Could this be Chika's first time?*
*After Chika finished, I bathed myself.*
Yamato: Thanks for waiting.
Chika: Y-Yeah.
*She was sitting on the bed, her body concealed only by a white towel.*
Yamato: Um, first, there's something I have to tell you.
Chika: What is it?
Yamato: To be honest, this is my first time.
*My past circumcision I kept hidden.*
Chika: Oh, it is?
Yamato: I'm sure you think it's shameful of me to have never done it at this age.
Chika: Oh my gosh, no. I'm not bothered by it at all.
Yamato: Oh, thank goodness.
*I was glad I'd told her the truth, despite the risk of disillusioning her.*
*Though really, considering even Chika was...*
Chika: I mean, I'm also...
Yamato: Know what?
Chika: N-Never mind!
Yamato: What's wrong? Hiding things from your boyfriend already? *smile*
Chika: A-As if I'd do that.
*She clearly had no poker face, much to my surprise.*
Chika: Wh-Where are you staring...?
*Seeing her covered in a towel made me even more excited.*
Yamato: Chika!
Chika: Wah!
*I pressed her down onto the bed.*
Chika: A-Ah! Sheesh, don't surprise me.
*The moment I pushed her down, her towel fell off of her.*
Chika: Th-This is embarrassing...
Yamato: I'm embarrassed too, but not nearly as much as I am aroused.
*My nether region had reacted to Chika's butt-naked body.*
Chika: Ah, that's...
*My soaring penis had entered Chika's vision.*
Chika: Wahh...
Yamato: Wait, are you blushing?
Chika: Of course not, not after all I've...
Yamato: Then touch it.
Chika: Huh...? Already? Aren't there things to do first?
Yamato: Okay, then what comes before that?
Chika: W-Well... Like, isn't it normal for you to touch me first?
Yamato: Okay, got it.
*So I laid on top of her and felt her up.*
Chika: Haahh...
Yamato: Wow. I barely touched you, but it felt that good?
Chika: Y-Yes, I'm sensitive, so...
*She was clearly shaken.*
Chika: (Wah, this is so much harder for me...)
Yamato: You're so wonderfully soft.
*I took a tight grip of her bosom.*
Chika: Fwah! N-Not so suddenly.
Yamato: Huh? Did I do something wrong?
Chika: Aaann, fwah... Ah, you're pinching me...
*I was torturing her nipples.*
Yamato: I get it. So I start with the nipples.
Chika: N-No, that's not...
Yamato: Then how about here?
Chika: Huh? That's...
*I lowered my gaze and suddenly started exploring her asshole.*
Yamato: Wow, I never thought this was where foreplay started.
Chika: O-Of course it doesn't! Even a virgin should know that!
Yamato: Then tell me where, Chika.
Chika: W-Well, these things depend on the person, so...
Yamato: Then I guess this is the right spot.
*I further focused on her ass.*
Chika: L-Like I said, you're going too fast!
Yamato: You said that it depends on the person.
Chika: I-I meant it depends on me!
Yamato: Then what turns you on?
Chika: Umm...
Yamato: If you don't say something fast, I'll slice you with my unstoppable love.
Chika: Wait -- give me five seconds.
Yamato: Fivefourthreetwo--
Chika: You're counting too fast!
Yamato: Okay, time's up. I'll start by enjoying your breasts.
*I put into practice a flow of events I'd often seen in pornos.*
Chika: Nm, ah... Huff, Yamato-kun...
*She lightly tried to resist, but I easily made her do what I wanted.*
Yamato: Your breasts are just the right size.
*Her bust changed shape in the palm of my hand.*
Chika: ...Mm, hah... Mn, ah... Ahhhnn!
Yamato: You've gotten louder.
Chika: Oooh... I-I can't help it.
*Was I going too far?*
Yamato: I guess not. And I can't stop now anyways.
Chika: Hah! Th-That's not what I mean... Ah, hah!
*First, I had to make her feel thoroughly good.*
Chika: Yamato-kun... one after another, I totally can't... Ah!
*The strength fled from her body. She was letting me do whatever I wanted with it.*
Chika: Aah... Mn, it... kinda feels good.
*She was getting more and more turned on.*
Yamato: I think it's time to start working on me too.
*I thrust out my penis. It stood erect, having waited its turn.*
Chika: Umm, can I touch it?
Yamato: Of course.
*With her ass still resting on the bed, she touched it with her left hand.*
Chika: It feels so warm. Is that because you just took a bath?
*Her fingers, still warm from her own bath, tickled my dick.*
Yamato: Huh?
*She began to pleasure the end of my penis by covering it in the palm of her hand.*
Chika: Wow, it's totally getting even harder.
Yamato: That's because you're touching it, Chika.
*It felt good, but I have to stay aggressive too.*
Yamato: Let's both touch each other.
Chika: S-Sure...
*I again touched one of her bouncing boobs.*
Chika: Fwah...
Yamato: They're so soft and tender.
*Instinctively, I started to knead it.*
Chika: Ah, huff... Nm, ah, amazing... Mn.
*I gently grasped her jiggling breast with all five fingers.*
Yamato: Are you feeling good?
Chika: Yeah, mn, mm... I mean, they're like, your fingers -- Ah!
*When I touched her nipples, her body jerked up.*
Yamato: Are you all right?
Chika: Huff, huff... K-Keep going.
*But man, she was so sensitive.*
Chika: Mn, ahh!
*I pinched her hard nipples.*
Yamato: ...Ah, you're so wet.
Chika: Huh? Where?
*Even though I'd already known how a woman's body worked, its mysteries still fascinated me.*
Chika: Ah, down there's... Mm.
*I gently teased her with my fingers.*
Chika: Hah... Ah! Aah!
Yamato: Ticklish?
Chika: Mn, I don't even know what to say...
Chika: It's more like... it itches, or something.
Yamato: Are you ready yet?
*I gently pressed my penis against her entrance.*
Chika: Wow. I-It's so big.
Yamato: Thanks for the compliment.
Chika: Something so big... Is everything going to be fine?
Yamato: What's going to be fine?
Chika: Umm, like, I was wondering if you knew the right spot.
Yamato: I'm pretty sure I know that one.
*I would never do something as idiotic as accidentally fucking a girl in the ass on the first time.*
Chika: Mn... Aah, ah.
*Found it.*
Chika: Fwah... Ah, huff... Mn, mmm!
Yamato: Ugh!
*She was so tight.*
Chika: Hah, holy... Ah, mnnn...
Yamato: It feels extremely tight... Are you wet enough?
Chika: M-Maybe?
*I'd have to work on that.*
Yamato: So then, just a little more.
*I pushed my penis forward, teasing Chika's most precious spot.*
Chika: Huff, mn, mn-ah... Hah, nkh.
*I touched the walls of her vagina with my index finger.*
Chika: Hah... Mn... M, ah... Waah!
*I felt the moist grip of the viscous liquid within her coiling around my finger.*
Chika: Mn, d-don't show that to me.
Yamato: But it's coming out of you down here.
Chika: Mn... You can be such a bully sometimes, Yamato-kun.
Yamato: I just want to see every expression you have.
Chika: Hah... Argh. What sort of fetishes do you even have?
*It was certainly true that she was overflowing with love juices.*
Chika: Hauu... Hey, mn, ahhh...
Yamato: See how wet you are?
Chika: T-That's because... When I think of you touching me, Yamato-kun, I...
*I coated my penis with her love juice.*
Yamato: I think you're about ready.
*Once more I spread open her entrance.*
Chika: Hah, nkh...
*It really was tight, but if I kept pushing...*
Chika: Nm-ah... Ha!
*I pressed back her legs as I vigorously moved my hips.*
Chika: Fwaaahhh!
*As I buried myself within Chika, I stopped midway.*
Chika: Huff... Huff. mn, nm-ah... Ah!
Yamato: Mn, I'm going deeper...
*I thrust my penis into her tight, narrow crevice.*
Chika: Ah, aiie, eek, aahh!
Chika: Ah, mn... I-I can't -- ah, AAH!
*I felt myself break through something.*
Yamato: Huh? What was that?
Chika: Oooh... I guess that was asking too much.
Yamato: Chika, don't tell me you're...
Chika: Hick. It hurts...! Huff, HUFF...
*A liquid other than love juice gushed out and around my member.*
Chika: Mn, oww... Hah, nm-ah.
Yamato: Oh, it was your first time, too?
Chika: Yes, you idiot... I thought you already figured that out.
*I'd been pretty sure, but...*
Yamato: I guess it's the first time for the both of us.
Chika: Yeah, I guess so.
Yamato: I'm happy you're my first, Chika.
*I truly was happy.*
Chika: I'm... glad, too.
*And when she said that, I just...*
Yamato: I know this might hurt, but try to push through the pain.
*I moved in and out of the area around her entrance, trying to slowly accustom her to it.*
Chika: Mn, you're inside me... Mn, ah!
Chika: Fwah... Ah, ngh!
Yamato: It feels so good... I can't stop...
Chika: Hah, ah, yeah, let me make you... feel... better.
*I could feel myself swell in size within Chika.*
Chika: Hah, did it get... even bigger?
*Her insides undulated as if they were another creature entirely.*
Yamato: Even though it's our first time... We must be amazing.
*I might have had background knowledge, but this was still smoother than I'd expected.*
Chika: Huff, mn, mnngh...
Yamato: Does it hurt that much?
Chika: Hah, huff... It still hurts, but I feel calmer now.
Chika: So you can act more manly.
Chika: You can't hold back, right? And sometimes, I want to see your face look like that.
*She adorably pleaded.*
Yamato: --!
*Those words turned me into a beast.*
Chika: Hah, Hahn... Ah, fwah!
Yamato: Gh...
*I tenaciously attacked areas that hadn't fully expanded.*
Chika: Ah, ahh... Nm-ah, hah, ah!
Chika: Hah... Ah, you're soo rough, ah, ah, hah...
*I firmly gripped her velvety skin.*
*As I pull her body towards me, the towel and sheets disheveled around her.*
Chika: Ah... Mn-ah, Yamato-kun... Ah, ahhh!
Yamato: Chika, you're so cute... Mn!
*I kissed her breasts.*
Chika: Mnah... Hah, ah... If you suck me like that...
Yamato: *kiss* Mmm.
Chika: Hah, ah... Mn, huff, huff...
*I moved my tongue across her entire body.*
Chika: Kwah... Ah, hah... Even... there?
*I could move in her more easily now, her vagina had lubricated itself.*
Chika: Huff... Hah, huff, hah...
Chika: Aah, ah... Nm-ah, mn, mnnn...
*Hot, sticky bodily fluids overflowed from her.*
Chika: Hah, oh, my head's... Ah, hah...
Yamato: Are you going to cum?
Chika: Y-Yeah... Hah, ah... Aie, aaah!
*Her body shook, and her pussy got tighter.*
Chika: Mnah... Huff, ah, ahhh!
*She must have been close to her limit.*
Chika: Aiiee... Ah, ah! ...Nmaahhhhhhhh!
*She threw back her head and gasped for breath.*
Yamato: You came, huh.
Chika: Huff... Huff, a-amazing... Oh my gosh...
Yamato: It felt good, I take it.
*I'd heard that some girls struggled to cum during sex, too.*
Chika: D-Don't say that... What about you, Yamato-kun?
Yamato: I'm almost there...
*Squick, squick...*
Chika: Hah, aahhhh!
*I felt like I was going to waste away.*
Chika: Mn, ah... I-I'm so numb!
*She was even more sensitive than she'd been before.*
Chika: Aiie, ah... AH... ngh, ah, huff, haiiya!
Yamato: ...Ngh!
*I was about to cum too!*
Chika: Aiie, ah, ah! Ah! ...Mn, ah!
*I rapidly moved my hips in quick, short thrusts, driving myself towards ejaculation.*
Chika: Aah, if you, do that, I'll... Ah, mm, hah!
Chika: Go ahead, Yamato-kun... Ah, mn... I love you, love you so much...
Yamato: I love you too!
*I opened her legs wide and drove my penis deep within her.*
Chika: Ah, nm-ahh... Hah, ah, aaahhh!
*I moved as hard as I could through the painfully tight pressure.*
Chika: Hah, mn, ah, aaahhhh...
Yamato: I'm cumming...
Chika: Mnahhhhhh... Huff, huff...
*Spew! Spew!*
*I filled Chika with my semen.*
Yamato: ...Mn.
Chika: Huff... Huff, you came... Mm.
*The remaining drops spurted out of my dick as she trembled beneath me.*
Chika: Ah, mn... Huff, Yamato-kun, mn...
*We held each other as we bathed in the afterglow.*
*And so I wound up taking Class Rep into my room.*
Mayo: Wow, look at them toddle! They're so cute.
Yamato: This is my family. Meet Hermy and Crabba.
Mayo: Oh, so by 'family' you meant your hermit crabs.
Yamato: Their minuscule movements set my heart aflutter.
*I covered the aquarium with a sheet.*
Mayo: Huh? What is it?
Yamato: It's just a precaution.
*Speaking of minuscule movements...*
Mayo: *fidget*
*She was looking at me like I did something.*
Yamato: Sit down on that zabuton.
Mayo: O-Okay.
*She was clearly nervous.*
Yamato: Is this your first time in a man's room?
Mayo: Yes. However, your room is really clean.
Yamato: It's not that impressive.
*I had previously cleaned the room in case just this happened.*
*Incidentally, there was no one else at the dorm.*
Mayo: It doesn't seem like anyone else is around.
Yamato: Gen-san and Capt have work, while the girls are all off playing.
Mayo: Th-Then it's just the two of us?
Yamato: Are you having certain thoughts?
Mayo: N-No, that's not...
Yamato: Oh, so you don't see me as a man.
Mayo: N-No! That's not--!
*What did she think of me?*
Mayo: I'm sorry. I lost my composure.
*We'd spent the whole day going on our date...*
*I'd seen in her both Nee-san's broad-minded nature and Wanko's innocence.*
*Being with her was pleasant, and when I embraced her, she felt so soft.*
Yamato: You know, I--
*I was definitely not a lolicon.*
* My love for Class Rep was pure!*
*The loveliness of her tiny body...*
*Coupled with her big sister-esque diction...*
*Made me want to protect her.*
Yamato: I think of you a certain way, Class Rep.
Mayo: Then, in other words...
Yamato: I like you, Class Rep. Will you go out with me?
Mayo: Ah...
Mayo: I like you too, Naoe-chan.
Yamato: Yeah, I already knew.
Mayo: Whaaaaat?!
*It shouldn't be that surprising.*
Yamato: But I wanted some time to think about it.
Yamato: I didn't want to make a halfhearted decision.
Mayo: Naoe-chan...
Yamato: No, no. Call me by my first name.
Mayo: Y-Yamato-san...?
Yamato: What is it, Mayo?
Mayo: Hwah...
*I brought my face close to hers.*
Yamato: Want to keep your eyes open? Or close them?
Mayo: Huh?
Yamato: Okay, time's up.
*I gently stole Mayo's lips.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... *kiss* mn, mmm...
*I lowered my hips and, from slightly above her...*
Mayo: *kiss*... Mn, hah... M, ah... *glance*
Yamato: Hm?
Mayo: Mm... *peck*... *kiss, kiss*... *lick*
*We entangled our tongues in a French kiss.*
*I bumped into her teeth, but I did pretty good for my first time.*
Mayo: *huff*... *huff* *huff*
Yamato: Gulp...
*My body felt hot.*
*And Mayo looked like she felt the same.*
Yamato: I can't wait any longer.
Mayo: Wah...
*Inoue, how did you do it? How did you manage to restrain yourself?*
*I went to pick her up and carry her over to the futon.*
Mayo: Uh, umm...
*If I took her now, it would be rape.*
Yamato: Do you know what we're doing?
Mayo: N-Not really, no.
Yamato: If you don't like something, just say so and I'll stop.
Mayo: You don't have to hold back.
Yamato: Truly?
Mayo: I'm the big sister. Even if you do something naughty, I can take it.
Yamato: Then, could you plead?
Mayo: Wh-Whaa?!
Mayo: Wah... Ah, th... That's...
Yamato: I'm just a child, so if you don't demonstrate for me, I won't understand.
Mayo: Um, well, you see... Ooh, this is so embarrassing.
Yamato: Wrap your arms around me, Mayo Onee-chan.
Mayo: Ahh, when you say that, I...
*She clung tight to me.*
Mayo: *grunt*
*She tried to grab on with both arms, but she couldn't get her hands all the way around me.*
Yamato: See? Now we're fine.
*I gently picked her up.*
Mayo: Fwah, huh... A-Aren't our positions backwards now?
*And from there, I gently laid her down onto the futon.*
Yamato: Oh, I'll take off your clothes for you.
*While she hesitated, I peeled off her garments.*
Mayo: ׫...
*Her bare white skin took me aback.*
Yamato: You're amazingly beautiful.
*I had taken off all of her underwear. She was lying on the bed as naked as the day she was born.*
Yamato: Oh, you do have pubic hair.
*There was only a faint patch, but it was a little surprising.*
Mayo: Wh-What is this?
Yamato: I want to know you, fully.
Mayo: Shouldn't we spend more time together before something like...
Yamato: Let me say this again: I want to know you fully, Mayo. I want you to accept my love.
Mayo: Yamato-san, your eyes look so serious.
*I didn't intend to let her say no regardless.*
Yamato: Don't worry. I'll be gentle.
Mayo: Wahah!
*I gently touched her breasts.*
Yamato: They're so soft.
Mayo: Mn-ah, hah, I can feel your fingers...
*Her bosom was certainly unassuming, but her waist was so thin that they seemed full-bodied.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*So sexy.*
Mayo: Uhhh...
Yamato: How are you feeling?
Mayo: This is so embarrassing...
*She spoke her complaints in a voice so small it threatened to vanish.*
Yamato: It's not embarrassing, not when you're so pretty.
Mayo: I-I'm pretty?
*My words would push her over the edge, I knew.*
Yamato: If you really don't like it, I'll stop, but that won't change how I feel.
Mayo: It-it's not fair that only you get to...
Yamato: Oh, I get it.
*Castoff!*
Mayo: Awawawawa!
Yamato: Don't stare so much. It's embarrassing.
*Though it was covered in so much pubic hair that I doubted she could really see it.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*I rustled my hand over her ass.*
Yamato: Does it feel bad?
Mayo: Hah, it tickles.
Yamato: How about here?
Mayo: Hah... Ah!
*With every touch, she twitched and trembled.*
*I loved that response, too.*
Mayo: Ah, that's... Mn, aiieee!
*I touched her pale-pink nipples with my fingers.*
Yamato: You're super sensitive, aren't you? That's so cute.
*It made me want to try so many things.*
*I brought my mouth close to her mounds.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... You're lick-ah...
*I pressed my lips against her as if in a light kiss.*
Mayo: Yamato-san... Ah, hah, if you suck me that strongly I'll...
Yamato: You'll what? Huh?
Mayo: Aiaah, ah, mm, don't suck... Mn!
*But it looked like it felt good.*
Yamato: Does it feel good?
Mayo: W-Well... Ahh!
*I also fondled the breast that wasn't in my mouth.*
Mayo: Mn, ooh... You keep touching me there... Yamato-san, you're like a baby.
Yamato: Hmm, you say that.
*I moved my onslaught elsewhere.*
Mayo: Th-That place is dirty...
Yamato: Where's dirty?
Mayo: Umm... I-I mean, inside my butt is...
Yamato: I'm such a baby, I can't understand your words.
*Heedless of her protests, I continued.*
Mayo: Haaaaaah! Th-That's so sophistic!
*This time, I submerged my finger into her shallow bush.*
Mayo: Ah, aiaah... Ah, I can't, wah!
Yamato: Does it feel good around here?
*I edge closer to her entrance, as if confirming her sensitivity.*
Mayo: Aiee, hah... Ah, ahhh...
*Her bewitching voice echoed across the room.*
Mayo: Hah... Mm, huff, ah...
*That might've been bad if anyone else were still at the dorm.*
Mayo: *huff* *huff*
Yamato: Now haven't you gotten a little wet?
Mayo: N-No I haven't.
Yamato: Then I guess I haven't stimulated you enough.
Mayo: Any more, and I'll... Hah... Aiiee!
*I could tell that her vagina was filled with love juice.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Wh-What is this?
Yamato: You've never ever masturbated?
Mayo: What's that?
Yamato: Oh, you really don't know?
*Ogasawara-san really must have wanted to keep Mayo innocent.*
Mayo: Aiiee... Mn, wh-what are you...?
*I had suddenly pushed this pure girl down on the futon.*
Yamato: But that's good.
Mayo: Hah, your fingers are... Mn, mmmm...
*Of course, this was doable because of our love.*
Yamato: So then.
Mayo: Huh...? It's gotten so big.
Yamato: It's because you were too perverted, Mayo.
Mayo: B-But Yamato-san, you... Ahn, ah.
Yamato: Hm? What'd I do?
*She was fully turned on, and her strength had left her, so I gently opened up her legs.*
Mayo: Ah... No, don't!
Yamato: You're pretty down here, too.
Mayo: Y-You mustn't spread it!
*Her vagina was warm and smeared with sticky juices.*
*I wanted to spread her legs a bit wider.*
Mayo: Ah... Again?!
*I traced the lines of her pussy with my thumb.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, you're like a beast...
Yamato: Once a baby, now a beast. That's me.
Mayo: Ooh, I feel kind of scared...
Yamato: No need to be afraid. C'mon, relax.
Mayo: Hau... You say that, but you keep moving your hands in such dirty ways.
*She was showing me some leeway, but I myself was still a little anxious.*
Mayo: Hah... Y-You're touching me.
*I had set my penis against her vagina and was shaking it up and down.*
Mayo: Oooh... You can't make it hurt much.
Yamato: Owah...
*Again, my heart fluttered.*
*Why did her every action have to seem so inviting?*
Yamato: I'm putting it in.
*I pushed my hips.*
Mayo: Hah... Nmm!
*It was tight. So tight.*
Yamato: Gh. Try to relax.
Mayo: Hah, hah... Mn!
*It was this tight?!*
Mayo: Ah, it's so big, and it's...
*Only the tip was inside her, but there was so much pressure.*
*At first, I thought I was going to cum from that alone, but...*
Yamato: Hm?
*It hurt too much for that.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... *Hic!*
*Mayo must have been experiencing the same thing.*
*Her small vertical folds morphed around my penis.*
Mayo: ...Ah, ahh... Mn-ah!
Yamato: Gh!
*Using the lubricant, I forced my way into her narrow space.*
Mayo: ...Huff... Ah, mn... Aiiieee!
*The glans of my dick was being swallowed within her.*
*Twitch, drip... drip...*
Mayo: Mn...
Yamato: Are you all right, Mayo?
Mayo: Y-Yes... Somehow...
*I felt like I just broke through her maidenhead.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Aiiee!
*Blood spilled from where we met.*
Mayo: Ah... The sheets!
Yamato: Don't worry about them. More importantly...
Mayo: ...Huff, ah... Mn-ah!
Yamato: Your insides feel so good.
*That sharp numbness was also pleasant.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, mnn, hearing that makes me happy, somehow.
Yamato: I feel like you're enveloping me.
*I wanted to draw out even more pleasure.*
Mayo: Aieee! A-Again?!
*I stretched out my hand and touched her breasts.*
Mayo: Mn, hah-nn... Mn.
*A tenderness had returned to her voice.*
*Her secretions of love juice, which seemed to have somehow increased, were adapting to my penis.*
Yamato: Can I move more?
Mayo: ...Yes. I think I can handle a little.
*How gallant.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, Yamato-san, you're so warm.
*She was just too cute, so I hugged her.*
Mayo: And your body's big, too.
Yamato: I am a man.
*And up until now, Mayo had always been the dependable one.*
Mayo: Like this, I feel a little calmer...
*I wanted to show off how dependable I could be, as a man.*
Mayo: I'm good now.
*It had to still hurt, but she didn't say that aloud.*
Mayo: And I've started to feel good, too.
Yamato: That makes me glad.
*I had to do my best, too.*
Mayo: Mn... Hah, Y-Yamato-san... Hah!
*Thrusting my hips rhythmically, I experienced Mayo's sticky membranes.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, ah...
Yamato: Amazing. You're sucking me in.
Mayo: Mn... Ah, hah... Mn, mn-ah!
*Her tiny hands moved towards me, as if seeking salvation.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, ah, ahn... Nkh... Nm!
*The firm walls of her pussy expanded and contracted, working my member.*
Yamato: Kh, amazing.
Mayo: Ah... Mn, hah... Mn-ah!
*Instinctively, I put more force into my body.*
Mayo: Mn, Yamato-san... hah, I-I feel like... you're moving... faster...
Yamato: Still got a ways... to go.
*I wrapped my hands around her, as if I were about to carry her.*
Mayo: Mn-ah... You're so deep... Hah, ah!
*Her body was so small that I didn't feel like I was that deep, but...*
Mayo: Aiiee... Mn, nn... Hah!
Yamato: Ngh, am I all the way in?
*Like I'd expected, part of my dick was still outside.*
Mayo: Mn, hah... Ah, hah... Hah...
*I paused for a moment just before her womb.*
Yamato: It feels a little tight.
Mayo: I-I'm fine. I want my body to make you feel even better, please.
Yamato: It definitely feels good, but...
*I wasn't really reaching my peak.*
*Maybe I was holding back a little too much.*
Mayo: I know you're trying to be kind... But you shouldn't worry that much about me... Okay?
Yamato: Are you sure?
*I felt like I had been rather forceful.*
Mayo: I... I'm the older one, so...
*In other words, she wanted me to be mischievous.*
Mayo: Please.
Yamato: Okay. I won't ask about every little thing.
*With that settled, all that remained was to truly become a beast.*
*To express my feelings to Mayo, not as a tactician but as a man!*
Mayo: Mn... Ah, ahh, mn... Hah, ah!
*My movements grew more fluid as Mayo moved in time with me.*
Mayo: Hah... Hya, mn, ah... Mnn... Mmmm!
*Her pussy tightened around my dick, sometimes gently, sometimes harshly.*
Yamato: ........
*I sought her, needed to relish every last bit of her.*
*As our sensitive sections rubbed together, a sweet numbness assaulted me.*
Mayo: ...Kh... Mn, ah, mn!
*Her legs tried to close up. I grabbed onto them, used their movement as well.*
Mayo: Mn... Ah, you're moving... Amazingly!
Mayo: Hah... Hah, my body-my body's so hot!
*A feeling like a stifling summer air clung to my skin.*
Mayo: Kah... Mn, ahh, hah ah!
*I drew back my hips, then moved back deep within her.*
*That the walls of her pussy seemed like they were closing in on me didn't bother me at all.*
Mayo: Hah, ah... My butt's floating...
*She lost her balance, and lost all power to her lower body.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, ah, ah hwah!
*Her voice grew even higher as her vagina spasmed.*
Yamato: Ngh, I'm almost there...
*My switch was completely flipped. I could no longer stop.*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, Yamato-sa... n!
*Barely able to breathe, she continued to receive me.*
Mayo: Mn... I'm also... getting... Hah, ah!
*Mayo thrust her hips.*
Mayo: Hah... Mn, mm... Aaie, ah, mn-ahh!
Mayo: Ah... Did you... feel good -- ah!
*Her small breasts moved up and down, driving my desire.*
Mayo: Mn-ah, hah... Ah, ahh!
*I put my heart and soul into moving my hips and took her limbs, which felt so childish.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, you're... piercing me... I'm-hah...
Yamato: Gh...
*My penis twitched as it began its countdown.*
Mayo: Mn, ahh... Hah, ah!
*Her cute ass trembled.*
Mayo: Ah... Ah... Mn, ahh, hah!
*After pushing my rod to the limit, I moved once again.*
Mayo: Mn, hah...
*And repeated that.*
Yamato: ...Mn.
Mayo: Ahhh... Yamato-san, hah, more... Do me more. Ah, mn-ah!
*The sensation of her flesh grew a level greater.*
Mayo: Yamato-san, hah... Ah, mn-ah!
*Her plentiful, hot nectar was the greatest aphrodisiac.*
Mayo: I can't, hah, amaz... I-I'm... Ah!
Yamato: ...I'm cumming!
*I released everything that had been building up inside me.*
Mayo: Ahh... Ah, ah! Ah... Aaaaahhhhhh!
*Splurt... Spurt, spurt!*
Mayo: Hah... Ah, hah... Yamato-san, your cum... Your cum is spreading inside me...
*My sperm continued to gush forwards, aiming for her womb.*
Mayo: Hah... You finally reached your end...
Yamato: Oh, dammit.
*I hadn't even thought about contraception or anything like that.*
Yamato: It's a little late to ask, but is today a safe day?
Mayo: If what I learned in my textbook is correct, I think I'm fine.
*Naturally, Class Rep's health education was impeccable.*
Yamato: Sorry. That was kind of sudden.
Mayo: I was a little anxious, but happy...
*I feel like there was something else I was supposed to be thinking about... What was it?*
*--A few minutes before.*
Tadakatsu: Tch. I got back later than I expected. I'm pooped.
Mayo: Hah... Ahh!
Tadakatsu: What's the deal with you bastards waking me up like that?
Shouichi: Whoa, Gen-san, you just get home? Let's get back to our rooms.
Tadakatsu: Kazama, you hungry?
Shouichi: Yeah. I figured I'd go to Yamato and see if he wouldn't give me something.
Tadakatsu: I don't think I've seen him cook in his life.
Shouichi: And that's why I got stuck on my plan.
Tadakatsu: Look, you hungry or not?!
Shouichi: Well, I'm broke.
Tadakatsu: Fine, then I'll pay. Just this once!
Shouichi: Yay! Today we're having yakiniku!
Tadakatsu: I ain't paying more than I'd pay for ramen! By the way, are Miyako and the rest coming back?
Shouichi: Word is they're spending the first night of summer having a sleepover at the Kawakami Temple.
Tadakatsu: I see... (You planned for this, Yamato, but you're dancing with death.)
*--At the hotel.*
Umeko: ...*kiss* *kiss*... Mm, Naoe.
Yamato: *kiss* *lick*
*We exchanged kisses.*
Yamato: You know... you're so gorgeous.
Umeko: Mmm, you lie down.
*She stood before me, beautiful and naked as the day she was born...*
*Like something out of a dream.*
Umeko: H-Here I go... Mmph.
Yamato: Mngh!
*Ms. Ume sunk down on top of my dick.*
**rip*... *tear**
Umeko: Ugh!
*She was wet, and I'd been enjoying the pleasure, but that sensation could mean only one thing.*
Yamato: So this really is your first time, isn't it?
Umeko: Gh, ugh... Don't be ridiculous. Mmph.
Yamato: But look, kh, ah, there's blood.
Umeko: Mnn, nmm... And what of it?
Umeko: Is there something wrong... With being a 28-year-old virgin?! Kh, ooh... Ah!
Yamato: Not at all. I mean, it's my first time too.
Yamato: I just, mmm, was worried you were in pain, ah!
Umeko: You don't need to worry yourself about me... Mmph!
Yamato: Ooh, your pussy... It's so warm.
Umeko: And your cock is scorching hot. Kh, ah... Mmm.
Umeko: Mnkh... Hau, mm... Mn, mm...
*Little by little, my penis crawled through the tight embrace of her walls.*
Umeko: Awah... It's all the way in... Mm.
*Her sticky love juice coiled around my member.*
Umeko: Heh, even I can perform, mm, just fine... Ah.
Umeko: I can feel your dick twitching inside me... Kh, hmph.
Yamato: And you're squeezing down on me with your entire body...
Umeko: Huff, huff... Huff, huff... Then I'll move...
Yamato: A-Are you sure?
Umeko: Spare me the needless worry. I am going to make you feel good, and that's that.
*Ms. Ume began to slowly move her hips up and down.*
Umeko: You're welcome to cum whenever you want, so... Mmm...
Umeko: Kweh, ahn... Hah, mn... Ah.
Yamato: Wah, those moist sounds are so dirty.
Umeko: Mn... Ah, mmm... Mn, hah.
Yamato: Doesn't it hurt, Ms. Ume?
Umeko: I told you not to worry... Mm, kh... Ah, ah!
Umeko: Your dick is sending electricity through me... Mm, it's starting to feel good.
Yamato: I-It is? Then maybe we were made for each other.
Umeko: ...Mnph! I-I wouldn't say that... Ah...
Yamato: (B-But even so...)
*Ms. Ume had always been so kind, yet strict.*
*And here we were, she stripped naked and me fucking her hard...*
*It was such a turn-on.*
Umeko: Ahn, kh, mnn... Heh, ah... W-Wow...
Umeko: Is your dick getting even bigger?
Yamato: Yeah, because your pussy feels so incredible.
Umeko: Heheh... Is it, now? Do I make you feel that good? Mmm.
Yamato: Yeah. You're so pretty, and cute too.
Umeko: Naoe...
*Her pussy clenched even tighter.*
Umeko: D-Don't expect me to appreciate such blatant flattery... Mnn, mmm...
**smack, slam, slam, smack**
Yamato: Whoa, the way you move your hips is just... My lower body feels like it's melting.
Umeko: Naoe, your expression... just now, mm, looks so cute too.
Yamato: ...Ooh... Ms. Ume...
*I started thrusting up from below.*
Umeko: Fwah! Ah, ahhhh...
Umeko: Huff... Huff. H-Hey, Naoe--Mmn...
Umeko: You can just lie there. Don't move...
Yamato: You're so cute, and this feels so good... I can't stop myself... My hips are moving.
Umeko: Fwah! ...Kh, ah... Ahhh, I told you not to, so why... Mmm.
Umeko: Hah, ah, you're pressing into me, mmph, so deep!
Umeko: Mnah, aweh, mnah, hah, mm, mnn!
Yamato: Ms. Ume... Let me make you feel even better.
Umeko: Mnkh, ah, I-I am your teacher, mn. I cannot let, mmph, my student get the better of me... Mnah.
*She moved her hips too.*
Umeko: Hah, ah! Ah, aweh, N-Naoe...
*I thrust up, shoving against the walls of her vagina.*
Umeko: Aweh, mm, you're putting so much pressure so deep inside me, mm, ah!
Umeko: Kwah, I-I'd heard that virgin men are usually quick to ejaculate.
Umeko: ...So why are you so amazing?
Yamato: I thought I took a while when I masturbate, and it looks like I was right.
Yamato: But you're so beautiful, Ms. Ume, that I don't think I can...
Umeko: I see... Mn, ah, auu...
Yamato: Do you cum quickly when you masturbate, Ms. Ume?
*I asked as I felt up her alluringly swaying boobs.*
Umeko: Haweh, I-I don't know. I don't think it takes me that long.
Umeko: Wait. How can you ask me that, you fool! Argh!
*Ms. Ume dropped her hips hard, stimulating my dick buried inside her.*
Yamato: Ugh, ah, mnkh...
Umeko: Hau,mmm, hah, aheh, mn, mmm...
*Hip slammed into hip.*
Umeko: Kh, hah, this truly is incredible, ah, ahhh!
*She twisted her sweaty, curvy body.*
Umeko: W-Wah, khn... Ah, ahh...
Umeko: Mmnn, m-my mind's going blank!
Yamato: Ms. Ume... Ms. Ume... I-I'm about to cum...
Umeko: Mmnn, hah, aweh... Y-Yes... As am I... I-I'm going to cum.
Yamato: Y-You don't mind if I cum inside you, right?
Umeko: No, cum inside me... Now! ...Mn, ah!
*Her walls constricted tight.*
Yamato: Mn! Ms. Ume!
*I shoved myself even deeper inside her.*
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: F-Fwaahh...! Mn, ahhh!
*I sprayed my hot semen deep inside her vagina.*
Umeko: Ahhh, fweh, ah, auu! N-Naoe!
*More cum poured into my homeroom teacher.*
Umeko: Ah... Kh, your hot stuff is still spilling into me.
*Spew... Spew... Spew...*
Umeko: Aweh... Hahh!
*Her walls clung to my ejaculating dick.*
Umeko: Y-Your stuff... It's filling me up... Ah, fwah!
Yamato: Th-There's still more! Mmph!
*Spew! Spurrrrt!*
Umeko: Ah, ahhh... There's still more...?
Umeko: Ah, ah... It's splashing inside me... Mnah.
*Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Fwah, aaaahhhhh! Aaahhhh!
Yamato: Ah, kh, did you have a second orgasm?
Umeko: Huff... Huff... Ahhh, m-my insides are melting...
*I ejaculated to my heart's content inside her.*
Yamato: However... I'm just... getting started.
*I slowly thrust up my hips.*
Umeko: Ahhh, kweh, N-Naoe?
Yamato: One time isn't nearly enough, Ms. Ume... I'm moving.
Umeko: Mn, fwah, ahh... Y-You haven't gone limp?
Yamato: This time, I'm moving from the start! Mmph!
Umeko: Fwah... I-Is yours special? ...Ah!
*Her membranes contracted a bit in response to my movement.*
Umeko: Mna, ahah... I can't believe it's still hard. Mn, ah!
Yamato: It's because you're squeezing down on me. I-It's so tight -- or rather, it's sucking on me...
Umeko: Aweh, hah, ah... Mnn...
*My thrusts churned the semen and love juice together.*
Umeko: Hah, ahah, you're rubbing inside me... Mn, ah.
Yamato: ...Mn, there! I'm rubbing my semen against your walls. Mnn.
Umeko: Fwaahhnn!
Yamato: Well? Does it feel good to get fucked?
Umeko: Aweh! Ah, ah, you're churning inside me...
Yamato: You're being turned on by a student?
Umeko: Mm! ...Ahah! D-Don't say that!
Yamato: There's no need to blush. Mmm, mm.
Umeko: Kh, it feels like you're scraping away my insides. Ah, mn, ah!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, could it be that you're extra sensitive beneath your belly button?
*I thrust up purposefully, aiming to touch my glans to it.*
Umeko: Fwah, mnah, ahhh, ahhh!
Yamato: Sounds like a yes... I'll have to fuck you there hard.
Umeko: Ahh, I-I never thought a man would drive me like this... Ah, mnkh, hah...
*She arched back from the pleasure.*
Yamato: You're getting even more moist inside. It must feel incredible.
Umeko: Ah, ahh, ahahn, mnah, ahhhn!
*She tossed her beautiful hair, and her ample bosom jiggled.*
Umeko: W... Wait... Wait, Naoe. S-Stop, ah!
Yamato: I won't wait! Take this! And this!
*Now was when I needed to go even harder.*
Umeko: Hwah, ah, Naoe, if I cum again, I won't be able to control myself, ah!
Yamato: Go ahead. Show me every side of yourself!
Umeko: Fwah, ahh, ah, mnaahhh...! You're getting even bigger! Ahhh!
Yamato: C'mon. Show me your O-face.
Umeko: Oooh, I'm 28-years-old, and you're so young, and you're having your way with me... Ah, ahah, ah!
Yamato: Yeah, your student's making you cum -- that's cute! I'm cumming too!
*I shoved my hips, heading into the final stretch.*
Umeko: Ahh, ahhh, you're so rough, i-it feels so good...
Umeko: Ahhh, ahhh!
*My mind was blank. I just fucked away.*
Yamato: I'm cumming... Ms. Ume... I'm cumming...
Umeko: Ahhhh, ahhhhh! I'm cumming too...
Yamato: Mmph!
*I slammed up, making sure my glans reached the deepest part of her vagina.*
*Buried in her to the hilt, I unleashed my stream.*
*Spurrrt! Spew! Spurt, spurt...*
Umeko: Mnaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!
*I came into her already cum-drenched pussy.*
Umeko: Ahhh! There's so much, it's incredible! Ahh, ah, ah!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Haaahhh! One hot load after another--Ahhhh!
*A cloudy, white liquid poured from our point of union.*
Umeko: Ah, I-I'm cumming again, ahh, you cumming inside me is making me cum... Kwaahhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Hah, mn, ahhh, aweh, it's spilling out...
*More and more shot towards her womb.*
*......*
*Even after I ejaculated, I remained inside her.*
Umeko: Fwah... Ah... Ah... Ah, Naoe!
*She zealously went after my lips.*
Umeko: Mn... *lick, lick, smack, slurp*...
Yamato: Nmm... *kiss, slurp*
Umeko: Huff... Huff... Huff.
Yamato: Ms. Ume...
*Her eyes had gone blank.*
*She was normally such a stern woman, but all that harshness had melted into love.*
Umeko: Whew... Huff... And you're still hard. Incredible.
Umeko: Let's have more sex, Naoe...
Yamato: Ms. Ume?
Umeko: I want more! Huff, huff.
*She was completely turned on.*
Umeko: Huff... Huff... What's wrong, Naoe? ...Mnah.
Umeko: Move... Move like you did before, and make me feel good.
Yamato: Ms. Ume... The way you're moving your hips feels amazing.
Umeko: Mm... Heheh, does it now? Mmm... Like this?
Umeko: Hey, you move too. I know it's still hard. Mmph.
*As if answering her demand, I moved my hips.*
Umeko: Hau... Ah, mm, yes, yes, this is it! Mmph!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, there's spit dribbling from your mouth. It's fucking hot.
Umeko: Mmn, want to drink it? ...*slurp*
Yamato: Mm... I-It's so sweet...
Umeko: Aww, huff, ah, ahhh, mn, it's touching inside me!
Umeko: You're touching right where it turns me on, ahh, it's so good.
Yamato: Right here?
Umeko: Fwah, ah, ahhn, y-yes, ah, ahhh!
Umeko: Kweh, mn, Naoe, you've gotten even bigger inside me.
Umeko: Ah, ahh, mm, I love how manly your dick is! Mmph!
Yamato: Your insides are moving... It feels so good.
*I put more strength into my thrusts.*
Umeko: Mnah, aweh, mn, mnah, it's reverberating so deep...
Umeko: I'm going numb... Yes, Naoe, ah, ah, ah!
Yamato: Ms. Ume, you must be enjoying it. Mn, kh, ah!
Umeko: Huff, ah, mnfh, ahh... It feels so good!
Umeko: It's like your cock's thrusting up into me! Mnn!
Yamato: Mn, call me Yamato, Umeko.
Umeko: Mnah, kh. Hey, mn, no honorifics for your teacher? Ah!
Yamato: Please, Umeko!
*I thrust extra deep into her.*
Umeko: Huff, kh...! Mnaahhhh!
Yamato: Say my name, Umeko. (I slammed up into her.)
Umeko: Fwah, wahhh! Hah, Y-Yamato...
Yamato: Umeko... You're so cute.
Umeko: Ahhh! D-Don't say that. Mnah, ahhh!
Yamato: Umeko... Umeko!
Umeko: Aweh... Mm, Yamato!
Umeko: Yamato, your cock got bigger still? Unbelievable.
Yamato: Yeah, I was just thinking about how I've made you mine.
Umeko: Hau, what makes you think that? Mnn, don't get ahead of yourself.
Yamato: But Umeko, you're squeezing down on me so tightly.
Yamato: It's beyond incredible. I can't imagine life without you already.
Yamato: So I want you to be enchanted by me too! Mnph!
Umeko: Mm, ahhh, I can't get enough, hah, hahhhh!
Yamato: Umeko!
*I grabbed her jiggling melons and groped them.*
Umeko: Ah, ahh, my breasts are so hot... Kh, mnn...
*Then I took to pinching her nipples.*
Umeko: Aweh... Ah, a-all right... Yamato!
Umeko: I, mnah, ah, cannot live without you... either... Ahhh!
Umeko: So, more... ah, make me feel even better, Yamato!
Yamato: I will, Umeko!
Umeko: Huff, huff, huff, huff!
Yamato: Mm, mm, mm...
*Our hips struck in perfect rhythm as we climbed towards climax.*
Umeko: Ahh, yes... More, Yamato, more!
Yamato: There! Hah!
Umeko: Hauuu, ahh, ahhhh!
Yamato: Your moans are cute too, Umeko.
Umeko: Kwahhh! Ahh! Yamato, I'm about to -- mnaahh!
Umeko: I'm going to cum again... You're so amazing, I can't stop!
Yamato: Mn, cum... Umeko, I'm cumming too...
*Umeko's pussy squished down hard.*
Umeko: Ah, aaaahhhhhhh!
*With that bewitching cry, she reached her peak.*
*I grabbed her hips as she shivered with ecstasy and pistoned hard.*
Umeko: Wah?! Ah, Yamato, wait... Kh, ahhh!
Umeko: I'm so sensitive after just cumming--ah, ahh, ah!
Umeko: Kweh, ah, ahhh, yah, mn, fwahn!
Umeko: Aheh, it's happening again... Kh, I'm cumming... Ah!
Yamato: Kh, me too!
Umeko: Mnahhh! Ah, ahhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
*Another wave of semen flowed into her.*
Umeko: Ooh, ah, hah... I-It's coming inside me... Mmm.
Umeko: Your hot stuff's flowing... into me... and I'm... Ah, ah, ahhhh!
Umeko: I-I'm cumming again, ugh, ooooh!
Yamato: Umeko... It's so cute how you cum again and again.
Umeko: Aweh? D-Don't watch, filthy idiot...
Yamato: But I can't look away.
Umeko: Y-You uncultured swine...
Yamato: I'm going to feel up your boobs.
Umeko: Aweh...
*Enjoying her pussy, I unleashed every last drop into her vagina.*
*.........*
Umeko: Yamato... *kiss* mnf... *kiss* mn... *lick*... Mnn...
Yamato: Umeko... *smack*...
*We shared passionate kisses, our bodies pressed together.*
Umeko: Yama... to... *kiss*... Mmm...
Umeko: Mmm, mm... Mm...
*Even as the night turned to dawn, we still continued.*
Umeko: Mm... *kiss*... *lick*... *kiss, smack*
*And as we kissed, Umeko worked my still-erect penis with her hands.*
Umeko: *kiss, kiss*
Yamato: Mm... Ah, I'm cumming.
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Umeko: Wow, another amazing load...
Yamato: Can you clean it up with your mouth, Umeko?
Umeko: Yes, I'll drink it.
Umeko: Hamph... *slurp* *suck* *gulp*
Umeko: *smack, smack, lick, slurp... Gulp*
Yamato: Ahh, Umeko...
*I buried my face in her sweaty ass and licked her asshole.*
Umeko: Mm, kh... Even there? Ah, ah!
*And so the night of passion continued.*
*I started to go back over what information I had.*
Yamato: In the end... there's only one person you could be.
Yamato: (Maroudo... I get it. What a stupid name.)
*I'd already figured out exactly who the culprit was.*
*However, I still didn't have any proof.*
*And the person wouldn't be stupid enough to carry any Utopia on their person.*
Yamato: (I won't be able to capture Maroudo unless I can get him to confess.)
Yamato: (And to accomplish that...)
Tatsuko: G-Good day, Yamato-kun.
Angel: Yo!
Yamato: Hey, what are you two doing in here?
Angel: Heheheh. I was thinkin', I wanna see what a guy looks like down there.
Tatsuko: And while we're here, we thought we'd wash it for you.
*They'd been showing me a lot more love recently, but to think things have reached this point...*
Angel: C'mon, lemme see.
Tatsuko: Just leave it all to your big sis.
Yamato: Hey, wait...
Angel: Whoa! He's hung!
Tatsuko: Wah! Wah wah wah!
Angel: Damn, you're gangster. Holy shit, Yamato.
Tatsuko: Umm, err, we're supposed to fondle this with...
Ami: With your breasts, Tatsu.
Yamato: You're here, too?
Tatsuko: L-Like this?
Ami: Yes, yes. Look at him. Doesn't he look like he's enjoying himself?
Yamato: Uh, kh.
Angel: Ahahaha. He really does.
Angel: ...Hey, lookin' at his boner's making me feel kinda strange.
Angel: 'Kay, I'm gonna tease him too.
Ami: How intimate... Time for a candid photo!
Ami: I'll make sure to send them this later.
Yamato: P-Please, anything but that.
Ami: Heh heh. Well, whatever. I'm off to the store.
Angel: 'Kay. Have a good trip!
Tatsuko: Good luck.
*...Ami and Ryuuhei were out of the house.*
*And Shakadou apparently wasn't in Kawakami today.*
*This was the moment I'd been waiting for.*
*I had no choice but to put my plan into action!*
*I had my own battle in store.*
*And it would be a fight to the death.*
*I could not succumb to the pleasure--*
*The battle would be fierce, but I would overcome.*
Tatsuko: Wow... You got all hard again.
Angel: Amazing. It's like a livin' thing.
Tatsuko: Mm... Then I'll do what Ami said to do, and lick it.
Tatsuko: *lick* *slurp*... *slurp* *kiss*
Angel: Whoa, look at it twitch.
Tatsuko: Mm... *slurp, kiss, lick*... So this is what Yamato-kun tastes like.
Angel: What's it like, Tatsu? Is it tasty?
Tatsuko: I'm not sure... but I think I like it a lot.... *lick, peck*
Angel: Seriously? ...Right, me too!
Tatsuko: Mm... *kiss*... *slurp, slurp*... *kiss*... You're really right, A-chan... Yamato-kun's penis keeps bouncin' around.
Angel: Lemme see. *slurp, slurp*... *lick*... *peck* *slurp, peck*... *slurp*... Oh, it's getting hot! ...*peck, lick*
Tatsuko: Mm, it's kind of... *suck*... Ngh... *slurp*
Angel: Oh, it's getting all wet. *peck* *lick, lick*
Tatsuko: Mm, let me lick that for you... Ahhmph.
Angel: I wonder what this'll taste like. Mm...
Tatsuko: Mmm... Aaamph... *slurp* *slurp* *gulp, gulp*
Angel: Mm... *slurp*... Aaamph... *lick*... *slurp*... *gulp* *gulp*
Angel: *slurrrrrp* *suck* *gasp* This is tasty!
Tatsuko: Right? *slurp, suck*... *lick*... Mmm.
Yamato: Ooh, your breasts feel so good...
Angel: I get it. Tatsu squeezin' it between her breasts makes that juice ooze out.
Tatsuko: Really? *grunt*... *grunt*...
Yamato: Ooh, there's so much boob... Kh.
Tatsuko: Ah, you were right...  *lick, slurp* *slurrrrrrp*
Angel: Look at his hips twitchin'. You feelin' pretty good, huh? *suck, slurp, gulp*
Tatsuko: Mm, you're even more turned on now, aren't you? Mm... *slurp*... *nibble*... *lick* ngh... *gulp*
*Their saliva coiled around the head of my penis.*
Angel: Mm... *slurp, suck*... *gulp* ngh... *gulp*
*A thread of saliva dangled between my penis and Tatsuko's tongue.*
Tatsuko: *kiss* *peck*... *lick*... *slurp* *gasp* I'll lick the rod and stuff, so you suck!
Angel: 'Kay, aamph... Ammph... Mm... *suck, slurp* *suck*... *slurp, gulp, gulp*
Angel: *suck, slurp* pwah... huff, huff... Tatsu, trade off with me. *lick, lick*
Tatsuko: Okay. Ammph... *slurp, suck, lick, gulp*
Yamato: Ugh. You sisters are really good at working together. Ooh.
Angel: *'ick*... *'ick*... *lick* heh heh, damn right we are...
Tatsuko: ...*Sl-slurrrp*... Nhah, I don't get it. Drinking Yamato-kun's juice makes my head spin.
Angel: Yeah. My body's kinda gettin' all hot. *lick* *lick*... Mm... Uhm... Ammph... Mm... *kiss* oh...
*The two escalated further.*
Tatsuko: Mmwah! *kiss* ...*lick* ...*lick* ...Mm *kiss* *slurrrp!*
Angel: Mmmn! ...*slurp* ...*Slurrrp!*
Yamato: Kh... Ah, wait, I'm going to cum!
Angel: Heh heh. Then fuckin' cum! Mhah... *slurp*... *kiss* mnwah...
Yamato: Kh, ooh... Ah.
Tatsuko: Cum, Yamato-kun. Ammph, mwah... *slurrrp*
*And so my sperm was guided into Tatsuko's mouth.*
Yamato: Kha!
*Spurt! Splurt! Spurt! Spurt!*
Tatsuko: Nmm?! Mmmmmm! Mmm...
Angel: Oh, wow, that semen stuff's comin' out?!
Tatsuko: Mm, n... Kh... *slurp*... Mm... *gulp*
*The river of semen continued to flow into Tatsuko's mouth.*
Tatsuko: ...Mfh... *gulp* mm... *gulp, gulp*... Nn, mm.
Angel: Whoa, look at you drink it up... Badass.
Tatsuko: Nkh... Mm... *gulp*! ... *gulp*... Pwah...
Tatsuko: Huff, huff... Amazing. It's so thick...
Angel: H-How'd it t-t-taste, Tatsu?
Tatsuko: Hmm... It's thick and strong. I think I could get addicted to having a guy cum in my mouth...
Angel: Seriously? I-It's that good...?
Yamato: Want to try some? It's fine, even though I did just cum.
Angel: Whoa, you're still hard and huge... You're gonna cum again?
Yamato: I'm sensitive right after I come. Just open up your mouth.
Angel: Got it. Ahhhhh.
*I drove my penis deep into Angel's mouth.*
Angel: Ammph...?! Mm, gh... ooh...
*She might have split Gakuto's head open, but she was still a girl. I had to treat her right.*
Angel: Nmah... Mm... *suck, slurp*... *kiss*
*My dick still in her mouth, I grabbed her head and started shoving my hips.*
Angel: Ahh... Mm... Mnn... *slurp, suck, slurp*...
*She looked like she was in pain, but she still continued to deepthroat my penis.*
Angel: Mmm, aha... *slurrrrrp, slurp*
Angel: Weehhh....Pfah... *slurrrp, slurp*
Angel: *slurp, kiss*... *suck, slurp, slurp*
Yamato: Mm, I'm cumming...
*I started thrusting my hips even more roughly.*
Angel: Ngh, nmm! *slurp, slurp*...
Angel: Nmmm! ...*suck* Mm... *s-slurp*
Yamato: Ah, I'm cumming again!
*Spurt, spurt, spurt, spew! Spew...*
Angel: -ngh?! Nmm, mm, mnnnnn!
*An amazing quantity of semen poured into Angel's mouth. So much that you wouldn't have thought I'd just ejaculated a few minutes ago.*
Angel: Mm, nnn! Nnnn!
*Since I was holding her head fast against my cock, Angel couldn't escape the thick stream of semen.*
Angel: *gulp* ! ... *gulp* Mm... *slurp*... Mm!
Tatsuko: A-chan, you can do it!
Angel: *gulp* *gulp*... Nfh... *gulp* Mm... *gulp*
Angel: Nkh, nkh, pwah... Huff, huff, huff.
Angel: H-Holy shit... My mind's all blank.
Angel: It's such a weird taste... I wanna drink more.
Tatsuko: Yeah, me too...
Yamato: I've still got it up.
*I showed them my penis, which still stood tall.*
Angel: Whoa, that's f-freakin' awesome. I'd heard a guy's out of it for a bit after he cums.
Tatsuko: Mm... You're so manly, Yamato-kun... I'm going to lick you again. *lick*
Angel: Ah, then I'm gettin' in on this, too. *'Ick, lick, 'ick.*
*At the same time, Tatsuko started to slide her giant boobs over my dick.*
Tatsuko: Mm... *kiss, slurp*... *lick, lick* mm, hah...
Angel: *slurp*... *kiss*... Nkh, aaam... *slurp*...
Tatsuko: Nkh... *kiss*... Nkh... *lick*. Yamato-kun, your penis moves whenever I lick it...
Angel: So he really is sensitive right after he cums... *lick, peck, suck, slurrrp*...
Tatsuko: Mnwah... *slurp* aaaamph... *suck, lick, kiss*...
Angel: Mm... Ah, mm... *peck, slurp*... *lick, suck*
Tatsuko: ...*kiss* ...*lick* Yamato-kun, you taste so good...
Angel: Well, yeah. *lick, lick*. Licking it normally's nice, but drinkin' his milk fuckin' rocks. *lick, suck, k-kiss, slurp*... Mm.
Tatsuko: Okay, let's squeeze it out again. *grunt*...
*She worked my cock with her super-supple breasts.*
Yamato: Whoa, your boobs feels so good...
Angel: Ohh, Tatsu, your chest is the shit.. *lick* *lick* ...*kiss*... *lick, 'ick*...
Tatsuko: *peck* Nkh... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *slurp* Nhah, hah... Mm... *slurp*
Angel: Nkh... *slurp* *suck*... *lick*... *lick *slurp* Pchah... Nfh... *slllllurp*...
Yamato: Ack! Y-You two are so aggressive...
Tatsuko: Pwah... Hey, Yamato-kun, you don't have to hold back. *suck, slurp*... *kiss*... *llliiick*... *slurp*... Hah...
Angel: Yeah. Cum already! Give us your milk! *lick*... Mn... *kiss*... *lick* nkh... *lick*...
Tatsuko: Mmm, it feels so good when my nipples touch you... *slurrrp*... Aamph... *slurrrrp*...
Yamato: I love them too. They're so hard, and stimulating.
Angel: Ya gettin' bigger again... Cum already, dammit! *ssslurrrp*... *suck*... *kiss*...
Tatsuko: *peck* *peck*... *slurp*... *lick, lick*... *peck*
Angel: Hah, npah, hahn... *slurp, kiss, peck*
Yamato: Kh, oooh...! I'm cumming again!
*This time, I ejaculated all over their faces.*
Tatsuko: Hauuu... Wah, a-amazing...
Angel: Nmahhhh... It's all over me too.
*I came more than enough to cover their faces in cum.*
Tatsuko: Wack, ah, you came so much...
Angel: Mmm, it's so hot...
Yamato: That felt great. Thanks.
Tatsuko: Huh...? You've finished ejaculating.
Angel: ...But even so... He's still hard.
Yamato: I want to return the favor and make you two feel good.
Tatsuko: Y-Yamato-kun...
Yamato: May I?
*I said as I let my raging penis twitch.*
*The two gazed at my member, their cheeks bright red.*
Tatsuko: Okay... Yamato-kun, please.
Angel: Y-Yeah... Do it. Make me feel good.
*I nodded deeply.*
*It was time for the main event.*
*Thus began my battle to escape.*
*......*
Yamato: --*slurp, lick, kiss*
Tatsuko: Ooh... Ah, ah, Yamato-kun, your tongue's amazing...
*I had buried my face in her hips and was licking her slit.*
Tatsuko: Fwaahhh, you're sucking me, mm, mnnn...
*Though a virgin, she'd reacted quickly to my touch. She was already wet.*
Tatsuko: Mmm... Ah, ahh... Ah, mn, huh?!
Tatsuko: Ah! D-Don't go that far--
*I peeled back Tatsuko's asscheeks and titillatingly stimulated her pink butthole with my slippery tongue.*
Tatsuko: Fwahh... I... I can't take much more, mm, ahh, ahhh...
*I pulled back my head from the elder sister's ass and this time went for the younger's.*
Angel: Whoa, y-you don't hold b--Aiie, ah!
*Angel's slit was trim, clean, and pink.*
Angel: Kweh, uh, ahhh... Ooh, ahhh.
*I began diligently licking the area around her pussy.*
Angel: Ah! That's, mmm, my clit... Ah... ah, getting licked there is this fuckin' good? Fwahh, ah, mm, mnnnn!
*She squirted out lots love juice, just like her sister.*
Angel: Mn, ah, you gonna lick my ass too? Mm, ah.
Angel: Kah! B-But... Mm, this is way better than I thought, mm.
*I began stimulating both of their crotches with the fingers of both hands.*
Tatsuko: Mn-ah, Yamato-kun, nkh... Aaahhh!
Angel: Ah, ahhh... Damn, you're good. Ah!
*And then, after using my fingers to line up, I buried my penis into the hole between her legs.*
Tatsuko: Kh?! Ah, ahhhh!
*I push deep into her, savoring the feeling of her hymen as it ripped.*
Tatsuko: Kh... Hahh, you're inside me...
Tatsuko: Yamato-kun, your hot thing is entirely... Mn, kh!
*Tatsuko's cute voice -- and the torrent of love juice flowing from her -- were incredible turn-ons.*
Tatsuko: Ahh... You're twitching inside me...
Yamato: Your pussy feels so good, I can't stay still.
*She'd always been well-endowed, but with her butt perked up in the air, the volume seemed to increase tenfold.*
Tatsuko: Hauu, mmn, ah, ahhh, ah...
*And my penis continued to pound that beautiful ass.*
Tatsuko: Nkh, Yamato-kun... Ahh, fwah, Yamato-kun...
*Meanwhile, I continued to finger Angel's pussy.*
Angel: Fwah! Kh, you always been this perverted? Mn, ah, ahhhh...
Tatsuko: No, Y-Yamato-kun, move... in me, too...
Yamato: Sorry -- *grunt*
Tatsuko: Mnah!
*Tatsuko's head popped up as she inhaled sharply.*
Tatsuko: Mm... Ah!
*I stabbed all the way in, then brought myself back to just within her entrance.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, ah, Yamato-kun... I love you. Mmmnn!
*Next, I dove back in again.*
Tatsuko: Kh! Ah, Yamato-kun...
*I thrust my hips so fiercely, I was almost crashing into her ass.*
Tatsuko: Ah! Ah! Ah! Mn, mnnnn... Kh, fwah... Mn, ah, ahh!
Tatsuko: I-I'm going numb... It feels so good... Mnah, ah, ah!
*My heart ached at how her voluptuous ass swayed.*
Tatsuko: Hah! Ah, mnah... Yamato-kun, that was so--!
*I took a firm hold of her hips, then resumed pistoning her with redoubled ferocity.*
Tatsuko: Hah! ...Ah, n, ooh... Kweh... Ahhhh!
Tatsuko: You're--moving--so--fast--ah! Ahhhh, mn... Ahh!
*She started grinding against the movements of my hips.*
Tatsuko: Ah, I'm going numb, ahh, mn, mnah... Fwah
Tatsuko: Ahhm, hah, ah, kh, ahh...
*She tossed and turned her long, sweet-smelling hair.*
Tatsuko: Fwah... Ah, ahhh! Mn, kh... Mnah!
Yamato: Tatsuko... I'm cumming... *grunt*
Tatsuko: Ah... Yes, cum, Yamato-kun, cum inside me...
*I began to shove through the inner walls that were clinging to me ever so sweetly.*
Tatsuko: Aiiieee... Ah! Khaaaa! Mnah!
Tatsuko: Ah... Ah... Khh... I can't... take anymore... Ah, ahhhh!
Yamato: Tatsuko!
*I put the full force of my body behind one last thrust.*
Tatsuko: Fwaaaahhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spurt! Spew! Spew!*
Tatsuko: Ah, your hot stuff... Mnah, i-it's filled me up...
Tatsuko: Ah, you're still cumming. A-Amazing... Mn, mmmm...
Tatsuko: Huff, huff... huff, huff.
Yamato: Thanks for waiting. You're up next.
Angel: Sto--Aooh, ah, ahhhh, ahh!
Angel: Th-That fast? Kh, hah, it hurts...
*I entered her from behind too, popping her cherry.*
Angel: Ah, ahhhh... Kh, oooh...
Angel: H-Holy shit... I feel so giddy.
Yamato: Mn, it feels good for me too.
*I start slapping Angel's tight ass.*
Angel: H-Hey, don't act so cocky--Hauu... Ahhhhh!
*After doing so, I plunged even deeper into her.*
*As for Tatsuko, I began teasing and fingering her asshole with fingers drenched in love juice.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, Yamato-kun, you're feeling up there again...? Kh, ah!
Angel: Mnkh... Hau, ah... Mn, huh?
*I began moving forwards and backwards just on the edge of her pussy.*
Angel: Wh-Why the fuck you actin' so passive, dammit? Mn!
Yamato: You told me to stop being so cocky, so I'm only using part of my cock.
Angel: Huh, ah, we gone too far for this. Fuck me, don't fuck with me!
Yamato: Then could you lift your ass a little higher?
Angel: Huh...? Kh.
Angel: F-Fine. Like this?
*She shoved back her plump ass.*
Yamato: Mn, I'm moving.
*I stabbed into her outstretched hips.*
Angel: Nkh, ah... Mnahhh, i-it's so good.
*Her cheeks were bright red -- was she embarrassed? -- but she started moving on her own.*
Angel: Ha, ooh, n... Khh... Ahh!
Angel: Hauu, nkh... Hah, ahh... Ah, you're movin'... so... fuck... Mn!
*She was now actively shaking her hips, matching her movements with mine.*
Angel: Fwah... Kwah, nnah, nn... Nmm...
Yamato: Nm, kh, you're more perverted than your sister.
Angel: Kh, ahh, n! Sh-Shut it! Ah, ahh!
*Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam!*
Angel: Ah... Ooh, ah, ahh! Ahhhh!
*I took a strong hold of her ass and began accelerating my strokes.*
Angel: Haahh, ah, mn, mnah, sh-shit, mn!
Angel: My... mind's gone blank. Ah, ahh, ah!
Yamato: Th-Then you're about to cum. Mm!
Angel: Khhah, mn... L-Like hell a prisoner's gonna make me cum! Ah!
Yamato: That's not all. Your prisoner's also pinched your titties...
Angel: Heh... Fwah, y-you bastard! Ahhhhh!
Yamato: And he's gotten a nice look at your asshole...
Angel: Mnah, ahhh...! Y-You fuckin' pervert!
Angel: Ah, stop teasin' me, shithead! Idiot! M-Mnahhhh!
Yamato: But doesn't it feel good? You're trembling all over.
Angel: Annnh! ...Fwah, nkh... Mn!
Yamato: I'm about to cum too.
*As I neared the home stretch, I slammed my hips into the girl.*
Angel: Khah...! Mnahhh, ah-ahhhhh...
Angel: Wahh... Mn, mnah! A-Amazing... Ahhh.
Yamato: I'll ask again. Does it feel good?
Angel: Ahh, mn, ahh, f-fuck yes it feels good!
Yamato: Then I'll go even harder! Like this! Here!
Angel: Haahhh! Ah! Ahh!
*I thrust harder, causing me to stimulate her innermost depths.*
Angel: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
*Spurt! Spew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Angel: Huff, huff, huff... Mnahhhh... My stomach's so hot... Mmm.
Angel: You came so much... Ah, I'm gonna melt.
Angel: Nkh... Mm, sex is a-amazing...
Yamato: And we haven't even gotten to the best part...
*I pulled my penis out of her and begin rubbing the remaining semen against her asshole.*
Angel: Mnah, what're you doing?
Yamato: I'm fucking you here too.
Angel: Y-You idiot! That's my--ah!
Angel: Y-Y-...Ah, you're in my ass...
Yamato: (I just have to keep going... somehow... Mnph!)
*I had to satisfy them both. I kept moving my hips.*
*......*
Angel: ...ah...Ah... AH!
*The aftereffects of her orgasms had completely befuddled Angel.*
*After cumming in her for the seventh time, she collapsed to the ground, where she twitched and jerked seductively.*
*The semen that had spilled from her slit and asshole I washed off in the shower.*
Tatsuko: Ooh, kh... Ahh, Yamato-kun, I'm cumming from anal!
Tatsuko: Ah! Ahhh! Haaahhh!
*Spurt! Spew! Spurt! Spurt!*
Tatsuko: Ahhh, it's so hot inside my tummy... Nkh.
*I thrust my hips and gave her a semen enema.*
Tatsuko: Kweh, ahh, ah, ahhhh, you're still cumming.
Yamato: That's because it feels so good to be inside you, Tatsuko.
*Spew, spurt! Spew, spew...*
Tatsuko: ...Ahhh, I'm going to cum, I'm cumming...! Your hot stuff inside me is making me cum again!
Tatsuko: Ahh... Huff... Huff... Huff.
Tatsuko: Y-Yamato-kun, h-how many times is this now...?
Tatsuko: You're amazing... You've completely filled my insides... Huff, huff.
*Tatsuko also seemed to be on the verge of unconsciousness.*
Yamato: Then... I'll have to further fulfill you.
Tatsuko: Kh-hah, you're coming in me again...
*Tightly gripping her giant breasts in my hands, I plunged my dick into her vagina.*
*Good thing I was a huge lecher, if I do say so myself.*
Tatsuko: Fwah, wh-why... are you so... amazing?
*A man doesn't need a reason to crave pussy.*
