====================scr00001.kgo====================
See? We’re so close and so far apart at the same time. Just as the stars in the night sky seem almost to overlap when they are really millions of light years apart. And yet... That’s why I reach out my hand to distant stars. I reach out my hand...
====================scr00002.kgo====================
Nao: "There! Now to just flip the egg over."
Looking back, I’ve had an easy life.
Asuka: "Zzz... zzz..."
Never thinking too much about anything. Without any dreams, significant goals, or long-term plans for my future, all that mattered to me was that I enjoyed myself day-to-day and was able to keep a smile on my face. After school, I would eat snacks with my friends and talk for hours. On my days off, I would lounge around my house doing nothing. I never thought to question my actions. I was allowed this lifestyle, so why should I feel bad about taking full advantage of it? I was like a jellyfish, floating aimlessly in the sea... Actually, I take that back. Even jellyfish, who don’t appear to have much on their mind, may, in fact, have serious worries in life and long-term goals for their future. But my friends always used to tell me, "Asuka, you’re like a jellyfish."
Which didn’t mean much coming from them, since they were all pretty much the same. We joked about it, and even called ourselves the ‘Jellyfish Club.’ The manager of this exclusive club? Yours truly. Club activities? None in particular. Just sitting around our classroom after school, eating snacks while teachers would make sarcastic comments as they passed by. In this way, time drifted by slowly.
Asuka: "Zzz... zzz..."
In the end, though, life is never that easy. Spring of my third year in high school found me facing my second career aptitude survey. During the first survey, which had been during winter of my second year, my friends and I hadn’t given a thought towards our future careers, and had written things like, "No idea."
But, for that second survey held in spring... I had planned to once again write that I had no idea, when, looking around, I saw all my friends filling in their papers with serious expressions on their faces. I was like, "Huh???"
I asked them and they all said things like, "I mean, we are third years after all."
They said things like, "Come on, Asuka. Don’t pretend like you haven’t given it thought as well."
I was left in a state of shock. The ‘Jellyfish Club’ came to an abrupt end and I was the last of the aimlessly floating jellyfish. That night, I spread out the survey papers in my room and sat down on my chair, moaning to myself. Was this the first time in my life I had truly felt worried? I thought about it for around 30 minutes... To put it more accurately, stunned by my own shallowness, I began to organize my closet. My reasoning for doing this did not seem to matter at the time. I began to pull things out from my closet with a vigor that seemed to belong to someone planning to run away from home. (Apparently I was so loud that my younger sister, Nao, rushed to my room in surprise.) With no clear purpose, I began going through my things, one after the other. Then, from inside an old, firm cardboard box originally made for tangerines from Ehime Prefecture that was buried deep inside my closet... I found it.
Nao: "That should do it for breakfast. Oh, I need to wake Asuka up. Although, her alarm clock does seem to be going off..."
Nao: "Oh, she’s fast asleep. Hehe. Sis, it’s morning. You need to wake up."
Asuka: "Zzzz..."
Nao: "School starts from today. If you don’t wake up, you’ll be late."
Asuka: "Zzzz..."
Nao: "Honestly. What am I supposed to do with you? Sis, if you don’t wake up... I’m going to kiss you."
Asuka: "You can’t kiss me! You’re my sister!"
I choose this moment to abruptly awaken.
Asuka: "Huh...? Mmm..."
Vacantly, I gaze around at my surroundings. For a moment, I have no idea where I am, before I regain my senses. I am inside Hakuran Dormitory , one of the student dorms at the Teito Nursing Academy . Having graduated from high school in spring, this is the new home for us nursing students . All the rooms here are for two, and I, Asuka Osachi, am sharing mine with my younger sister, Nao. There is a cafeteria on the first floor of the dorm, but each room is also equipped with its own miniature kitchen, along with a bath and a toilet. Impressive.
Nao: "Hehe. Good morning, sis."
Nao is sitting down beside my bed and is looking at me. It’s a bunk bed with me on the bottom bunk.
Asuka: "Good morning... Nao."
Asuka: (I somehow feel like she just said something really outrageous to me...)
Nao: "Sis, breakfast is ready, so come and eat it."
Nao: "On the menu today is toast and omelet. I’ll prepare your bag for school while you’re eating."
Nao: "I’ve prepared what you need to brush your teeth and wash your face in the sink. Make sure to brush your hair, too. I’ve also set out your clothes for you to wear."
Asuka: "Hmm."
I furrow my brow. Sure, this is the same scenario I witnessed every morning during my junior high and high school years... But...
Asuka: "My dear little sister, Nao."
Nao: "What is it, big sis?"
Asuka: "I appreciate you preparing everything and all, but sit down here for a moment."
Nao: "Huh? But..."
Asuka: "Come on now, don’t be shy."
Nao: "...? Okay... What is it?"
With an expression of puzzlement on her face, Nao obediently sits down on the carpet. She looks up blankly at me as I sit on the bed.
Asuka: (She’s just so adorable...)
Putting that aside, this girl is Nao. Nao Osachi. She is my younger sister by one year. She’s kind, she loves looking after others, and she cares a lot about me. To explain to you just how much she cares, in her anxiety over my well-being, she joined the same nursing academy as me. Her excuse was that she just wanted to be together with her older sister. She calls herself my ‘miracle drug.’ She picked up the nickname after I called her that once a long time ago. When we were in the same class in our high school years, the teacher called her the "responsible Osachi sister"
and they called me the "irresponsible one."
The reason why we’re in the same school year isn’t because I was held back a year (although people tend to jump to that conclusion). It’s because my birthday is April 2nd and Nao’s is April 1st of the next year. Thus, we happen to be at exactly opposite ends of the same academic year. Apparently they call siblings like us ‘ miracle yearlings ’ .
Asuka: "Nao, I was considering something last night before I slept."
Yes, I had considered something. In my own way, I had considered it deeply. Seriously. And positively.
Nao: "...? What is it?"
Asuka: "Having graduated high school this spring, we now stand at the door of adulthood."
Asuka: "I’ve depended on you considerably, Nao, but I’d like to use this next stage in our education, this dorm life to..."
Asuka: "To be able to take care of myself on my own as much as I can, and to allow you, Nao, to take better care of your own self."
That being said, I should’ve thought of this long before we started out at the nursing academy .
Nao: "Okay."
Asuka: "So ends my codependence on you, my younger sister! And the beginning of my independence as your elder sister!"
After boldly announcing this, I puff out my chest in an attempt to express my dignified pride. A thoughtful look crosses Nao’s face.
Nao: "Okay... But, sis?"
Asuka: "Yes, Nao?"
Nao: "So, you’re going to take care of yourself."
Nao: "When you say you’ll be independent... for example... doesn’t that include waking up on your own when the alarm goes off?"
Asuka: "Right..."
Nao: "Yeah."
Asuka: "I see your point..."
Nao: "Uh-huh."
Asuka: "......"
My announcement of independence fails before it even begins, and all traces of my earlier dignity are scattered to the wind.
Asuka: "I-I’ll get started from tomorrow."
Nao: "Spoken like a true procrastinator... Never mind. You might feel better after eating breakfast."
Asuka: "Okay..."
In response to the encouragement from Nao to eat up quickly, I nod my head slowly. I eat the delicious breakfast, then yawn as I brush my teeth and wash my face, then yawn as I brush my hair, then I have Nao fix the stray hairs I cannot manage on my own... Finally, I yawn as I change out of my pajamas.
Asuka: "—Tada!"
The trainee nurse uniform . We’ll be wearing this from today until the day we become fully-fledged nurses. From today, I, Asuka Osachi, am a ‘ nursing student .’ In some ways, you could call this my battle uniform. Having originally thought we’d be able to wear traditional white uniforms even while we were students, I was a little disappointed when I saw the training uniform on the academy’s brochure. That being said, as I pass my arms through its sleeves, I feel my body ready itself for what is to come.
Asuka: "For the next three years, you and I are gonna go through a lot together."
I smile with satisfaction.
Nao: "Um, sis?"
Asuka: "Come on, Nao, your training uniform--"
Nao: "Why are you wearing it now?"
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Nao: "Um, you’re supposed to take the training uniform to school, put it in your locker, and only wear it during training."
Nao: "Look at what I’m wearing. I put that out only so that you could bring it with you. I’ve already laid out other clothes for you to wear."
Asuka: "... Heh."
Oops. Even as I think this, Nao seems to be contemplating something.
Nao: "Well... if you insist on wearing your training uniform, I’ll wear mine too."
Nao: "I won’t let you feel embarrassed on your own."
Asuka: "Aww, come on, you don’t have to wear it, Nao!"
Nao is such a wonderful sister. I love her so much.
====================scr00003.kgo====================
Stepping out of our dorm, there is a steady flow of students heading to the academy. Since no one is in their uniforms, everyone is dressed differently, but it is easy to spot the first-year students by how little they seem to blend in with the dorm and their surroundings. I suppose that Nao and I probably appear that way to those around us as well. The spring sun shines down on us. Nao and I walk next to each other down Hakuai Heights , an area known for its many hills. Still somewhat sleepy, I continue to yawn.
Nao: "--weren’t you, sis?"
Asuka: "(Yawn)... huh?"
Nao: "I said you were sleeping with that picture book again, weren’t you? The book was nearly falling from your bed."
Asuka: "Oh... yeah. Well, it’s like my good luck charm."
The ‘picture book’... The book that Nao mentioned is what emerged from the cardboard box in my cupboard during my second career aptitude survey in the spring of my third year of high school. On the cover, in child’s handwriting, it reads, "This belongs to Asuka!"
Without giving it much thought, I’d opened the cover of the picture book and had found the words written on the last page. It wasn’t much more than a scribble. Written in my messy, childhood handwriting, it said, ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ I think everyone goes through that. Don’t they? Where we grow up and find... maybe our elementary school notebook or our kindergarten drawing book and there we rediscover our innocent dreams of what we’re "gonna be when we grow up"
that we’d long forgotten about. And we say to ourselves, "What was I thinking back then!?"
Things like becoming the president or a ghost buster. Actually, those are the better ones. Sometimes you see kids who say they want to be a cabbage... Yeah, you thought you were gonna become a vegetable. In that way, I’m sure most of us have experienced being surprised by our own dreams of what we’re "gonna be when we grow up."
And... What I had written was ‘nurse.’ And that’s the reason why I am here right now.
Asuka: "‘ The Girl who Chased Stars’--"
I whisper the title of the picture book as I trot off.
Nao: "Yeah."
It was something of a mysterious picture book. The story was set in the world of the stars— The pictures on each page and the simple words written in large font meant there was no mistaking it for anything other than a child’s picture book. However, the poetically written words were abstract and surprisingly deep. Finding the interpretations difficult even in my third year of high school, I had considered how incomprehensible it must have been for me as a child. "What must you do to catch a star?"
The picture book had begun by posing this question to the reader. How to catch a star— In my case, had I planned to do that by writing, ‘I’m gonna be a nurse.’? If that were the case...
Asuka: "I wonder why I wanted to become a nurse ."
Nao: "Not that all over again."
Asuka: "Ahaha. Well, you have to wonder."
I must be the only one amongst all the nursing students who doesn’t know why she’s trying to become a nurse. In some ways... It almost feels as if I’m reaching out my hands aimlessly towards the stars. After a 15 minute walk from our dorm, we arrive in front of the academy. Teito Nursing Academy . From today, as nursing students , this is the school we will be attending. It is a three-year study program, and all students are required to live in the dorms. Teito Nursing Academy is apparently one of the larger and more prestigious nursing academies in the country.
Asuka: (I’m surprised I managed to get accepted here...)
I think this nonchalantly, but it’s really all due to Nao’s flawless, relentless tutoring. With yesterday being the entrance ceremony and having already come to pick up our textbooks, today is not our first day coming to the academy. Still, somehow... The school building in front of us suddenly seems completely different than yesterday...
Asuka: (I have no idea how I am supposed to catch the stars.)
Not yet.
Asuka: "Hmm... I see."
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis?"
Asuka: "Oh, well... I don’t know how to put it, but somehow I feel pretty crazy for having managed to come this far from a little scribble on a picture book."
Nao: "Huh, you’re just realizing that now!?"
Nao’s eyes are round circles of surprise. Even like this she looks adorable. Putting that aside...
====================scr00004.kgo====================
Sometimes nurses are referred to as " white-robed angels."
But I feel a little too embarrassed to say it aloud. Especially since it is now what we are trying to become. But. But...
Asuka: "Look! A white-robed angel...!"
These first words I utter are colored with surprise.
Kaede: "Hello. I’ll be your designated teacher. My name is Kaede Ohara."
Ms. Ohara stands on the podium and greets us. The fact that she is wearing a white uniform is certainly part of it, but a white-robed angel is the perfect way to describe her. She appears untainted, lovely, and dignified at the same time. She seems to be cut from my imagination of what I would consider the "perfect nurse ."
I almost can’t believe people like her actually exist.
Kaede: "I look forward to getting to know you all."
She smiles. Her white uniform and her nurse’s cap . I couldn’t imagine it suiting anyone more than her.
Asuka: "Whoa..."
I am truly moved. Next to me, Nao also has a look of admiration on her face. Ripples of excitement spread through the classroom. "Oh my God, Ms. Ohara, you’re so pretty!"
Some suck-up cries out, unable to contain herself. Even in response to these voices, she calmly responds, "Thank you."
I hear excited whispers in my ears of people saying things like, "Ohara? That Ohara?"
and "No way."
"That... Ohara?"
As if hearing this question, Ms. Ohara gives a small nod.
Kaede: "Some of you seem to be familiar with the name Ohara."
Kaede: "It’s true that my elder sister, Sumire Ohara, won the Nightingale Award ."
Kaede: "I do look up to my elder sister, but, just remember, all of you are to become nurses that are every bit as brilliant as her."
She smiles at us. Once again, ripples of excitement spread through the classroom. Putting together the conversations around me, I grasp that the Nightingale Award is a national award given annually to nurses who have distinguished themselves by accomplishing remarkable work. Only one or two nurses are awarded the prize every year. One of them was Ms. Ohara’s elder sister, Sumire Ohara. On top of that, one of Ms. Ohara’s parents is a famous surgeon while the other is a renowned professor of medicine. Furthermore, one of her grandparents is the chairman of a pharmaceutical company... In other words, she is the daughter of an elite medical family. As if this weren’t enough, according to the voices from behind my seat—
Student: "My mom is a nurse , and she told me..."
Student: "According to the rumors circulating within the industry, Ms. Ohara was also supposed to win a Nightingale Award ."
Student: "But apparently she turned it down because she didn’t want special treatment."
Asuka: "Damn, she’s cool..."
The words involuntarily escape my lips.
Nao: "Sis, language."
Nao warns me in a small voice.
Nao: "Well, you gotta admit our teacher is awesome!"
Nao also seems excited. I nod over and over again.
Kaede: "Alright. Well, with the entrance ceremony over, from today regular classes will begin. Today, I will talk about this year’s study curriculum."
Ms. Ohara begins passing out papers. As she hands the papers to the students in the front row seats, Ms. Ohara not only seems to be the perfect nurse , but the perfect teacher as well.
Student: "Ms. Ohara, you look really young, but how old are you?"
Kaede: "Asking someone’s age is a delicate issue."
Kaede: "Amongst your patients , there may be those who would take offense to the question. If you’re going to ask, try to word it more appropriately."
Laughter follows Ms. Ohara’s response. After that, until the papers are distributed completely, questions fly at Ms. Ohara, as if this were some miniature press conference. Ms. Ohara carefully answers the serious questions and skillfully brushes aside the ones that are not. Before she became a teacher she worked as a nurse at a university hospital for four years. This is her second year working as a teacher and her first to have her own class... She charmingly adds that she’s a little nervous about this responsibility. Her measurements: unknown. Current romantic status: unknown. Her favorite food is Italian and her favorite dessert is cheese cake.
Kaede: "I like looking for new restaurants, but cooking at home can be fun as well."
How can I put it...? She’s flawless.
Asuka: "A perfect angel..."
Nao: "Sis, you’re drooling."
Kaede: "Alright. It looks like everyone’s got their papers."
Ms. Ohara skillfully reverts the class’s attention to their studies, and we all follow her lead.
Kaede: "Everyone, look at your papers and listen carefully. The subjects that I will be overseeing are—"
I obediently look down at my papers and experience a moment of vertigo.
Asuka: "All the subjects look so difficult..."
Environment Theory , Pathology , Microbiology , Clinical Testing , Information Science , Counseling ... My mind spirals.
Asuka: (I wonder if I’m allowed to choose two or three out of all of these to study...)
(Oh come on, of course I know it won’t be that easy.)
Kaede: "The classes I will be overseeing are the primary subjects such as Math and English, and General Nursing Theory ."
"The last is a class where you will comprehensively learn the knowledge required for all areas of nursing."
Kaede: "For subjects such as Anatomical Physiology and Pathology , university professors will come and hold lectures."
Kaede: "In addition to classroom lectures , I will also be responsible for teaching you basic nursing skills ."
Kaede: "During your first year you won’t undergo any practical nursing training, but you will be taught important skills such as bed making and bathing , so do your best to learn them."
Kaede: "Also—"
As if in a dream, Ms. Ohara’s words seem to be growing further away.
Asuka: "(Gulp)..."
Still, I try my best to pick up Ms. Ohara’s words even as I glance to one side.
Nao: "......"
Asuka: "???"
Nao is tilting her head at an odd angle as she looks at Ms. Ohara. Huh...? I wonder what the matter is.
Nao: "Ms. Ohara somehow seems..."
Nao whispers. Her voice grows quiet near the end and I cannot hear what she says. It is after school now. Just as Ms. Ohara had said, today there are no actual classes and we are dismissed at noon. After the explanation of the yearly curriculum, we have a time allotted for student introductions. All of us students take turns saying our name and why we wanted to become nurses . When it’s my turn, I think about it for a while, before deciding that I’ll just tell the truth.
Asuka: "My name is Asuka Osachi. The reason I wanted to become a nurse ... To be honest, I don’t know why yet."
For a moment, I seem to sense a small current of unease ripple through the classroom.
Kaede: "I think that’s great. I’m sure you’ll be able to find your reason as you go forward."
Ms. Ohara smiles kindly at me and I feel myself go weak in the knees. As for Nao...
Nao: "The reason I wanted to become a nurse was because my sister decided she wanted to become a nurse ..."
Students: "???"
Nao: "I wanted to be with my sister. Heh."
Students: "!?!?!?"
She wore her words like a badge of pride. As her elder sister, I’m not sure what to make of that...
====================scr00005.kgo====================
Well, in any case, we somehow manage to get through our self-introductions.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "What is it, sis?"
Asuka: "I’m going to try to become a nurse like Ms. Ohara."
I tell her with a serious expression on my face.
Asuka: "I’m going to go out of my way to turn down the Nightingale Award !"
Nao: "Well, that escalated pretty quickly... But, okay. I’ll support you, sis. Let’s do our best."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Nao: "Alright, let’s go home, sis. Once we get home, I’ll prepare lunch."
Asuka: "Wait, before that, Nao..."
I tell her with a serious expression on my face.
Nao: "Huh?"
Nao turns to look at me.
Asuka: "I... need to use the bathroom."
Nao: "Okay. I’ll wait here for you then."
Nao smiles at me as she waves her hand and I head to the bathroom. After replying to the call of nature, I wash my hands at the sink. I flash myself a rare "sharp"
glance in the mirror and, satisfied, I head out of the bathroom. Passing by the stairway leading to the classroom, I walk at a brisk pace down the hallway. If anyone had observed me they would’ve said I seemed to be on the verge of running away. How could I help myself?
Asuka: (I’m reaching my hand out to the starry night sky.)
Asuka: (Aimlessly.)
Asuka: (But, maybe, Ms. Ohara is my—)
Then, just as I reach the edge of the stairway, I...
Asuka: "...?"
I turn towards the stairway, as if drawn towards it. No thoughts inhabit my mind. Just the feeling of being drawn and pulled, like an object by gravity. And there...
Asuka: (A star—?)
I feel as if I’ve seen a star. Just for a moment. A small yet bright sparkle. A shining star... Taking human form...
Asuka: (Wh-who...?)
On my way from the first floor, where the first year classroom is, going up to the second floor, I come across two (most likely) nursing students . The first girl who enters my vision is an image of elegant beauty. The girl right behind her wears glasses and looks intelligent. She, also, has surprisingly beautiful features.
Asuka: "..."
I stop in my tracks and gaze at the two of them. The two of them, noticing my presence, also stop and look at me. Both of them are extremely beautiful... and yet, I don’t know if that’s the reason why I froze. I simply stare vacantly at ‘her.’ Who knows how much time passes.
Sakuya: "Your mouth is hanging open. What a stupid-looking face."
The questioning gaze turns to a glare as ‘she’ speaks.
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Sakuya: "You do know that it’s rude to just stare silently at someone. What do you want?"
Asuka: "Oh, ummm, I’m sorry!"
I feverishly apologize. But, still, I cannot seem to remove my gaze from ‘her.’ Even as I think this, the other girl, the one wearing glasses, lets out a giggle.
Itsuki: "Already you’re trying to pick a fight. I’m impressed, Princess."
Sakuya: "Itsuki. I told you not to call me that at school."
Itsuki: "Of course, Sakuya."
Seemingly unaffected by the rebuke, the girl called Itsuki calls ‘her’ by her name. Sakuya. What a beautiful name. Hmm... From their well-controlled and calm demeanor, I make the assumption that they are senior students.
Asuka: "Are you second or third years?"
Sakuya: "No, we are first years. Same as you."
Itsuki: "Do we look that old?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s not that."
I shake my head frantically from side to side. Huh? They’re the same year as me?
Itsuki: "Oh, but I guess some of the students are already adults, so I suppose it’s not a matter of how old we look."
Itsuki: "Then, I wonder if it’s because of Sakuya’s charismatic aura."
Itsuki: "I’m sorry, Sakuya here is the undisputed bearer of the ‘Overlord’s Countenance.’"
Sakuya: "The... ‘Overlord’s Countenance’?"
Itsuki: "‘It is said that whoever bears it must decide whether they will be the savior of the earth or the one to destroy it.’ You know? That type of royal birthright?"
Itsuki: "The type that prevents anyone who crosses your path from defying you."
Sakuya: "Are you talking about one of your silly video games again? I don’t have any such ‘countenance,’ thank you very much."
Itsuki: "Come on, you do. Remember what just happened in the staff room? You tried to make all the teachers bend a knee to you."
Sakuya: "I did no such thing. Stop spreading weird rumors."
Itsuki: "You did. I’ll admit you didn’t go all out... but, wow, I’m surprised you didn’t even realize you were doing it."
Sakuya: "Huh? No way— But that was because... Come on."
Itsuki: "I’m joking! Seriously, though, I didn’t think you’d take it seriously. You’re so naive and adorable, Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Itsuki! I can’t believe you...! You really—"
Ignoring me and my doubts about them being first years, they begin to argue in the middle of the stairway. No, not so much arguing... More bantering.
Asuka: "But you weren’t in the first year classroom—"
Each year’s intake at Teito Nursing Academy consists of one class of about 60 students. Earlier today, I hadn’t seen the two of them in the classroom. There were quite a few students, but each one of us had introduced ourselves, so I am confident about my observation. Perhaps that was why I had thought they were senior students without giving it much thought.
Sakuya: "About that..."
The girl called Sakuya responds to me. She continues to look at me with something resembling a glare.
Sakuya: "I was late to school due to personal family matters."
Asuka: "Personal family matters...?"
Sakuya: "It has nothing to do with you. In any case, from tomorrow we’ll be able to attend normally... and we’re heading to the dorm right now."
Itsuki: "The two of us will be roommates."
Asuka: "I see—"
So the two of them are first years and will be living in the dorms from now... Will they be in Hakuran Dormitory ?
Sakuya: "That’s all I have to say to you. Now if you’ll excuse me."
So says the girl called Sakuya. She then proceeds to descend the stairway and, without glancing towards me, she walks briskly past.
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "Oh...!"
As she disappears into the distance, I frantically call out behind her.
Asuka: "I’m Asuka! Asuka Osachi! I look forward to getting to know you!"
However, as if completely ignoring me, the rhythm of her feet does not change. D-does she already dislike me? Aww...
Itsuki: "Hmm—"
Asuka: "H-huh?"
While I was distracted by the other girl... The girl called Itsuki had descended the stairway and is standing right in front of me. She gazes intently at me. The first thought that runs through my head is that she’s tall. Seeing her close up, I realize for the first time that, behind her designer glasses, her eyes are a beautiful blue. I-is she not fully Japanese? As she gazes at me with those eyes, I feel myself falter.
Itsuki: "Heh..."
Did she just laugh at me—!?
Itsuki: "I finally found you."
Asuka: "H-huh?"
Sakuya: "Itsuki, what are you doing! Hurry up!"
I hear her voice from off in the distance.
Itsuki: "Yes, yes, Princess. I’ll see you around, Dummy Girl."
She gracefully waves a hand at me and pulls away. However, the moment before she pulls away, for a split second she draws her face up to mine and whispers in my ear. Her voice is quiet, yet clear.
Itsuki: "—It’s not what it seems."
Those are her words.
Asuka: "Huh...?"
As my mind remains blank, unable to comprehend the meaning of her words, she walks off to follow the girl called Sakuya and I am left alone, standing in a daze. Huh? "Not what it seems"? Does she mean that someone isn’t telling the truth? About what? Wait, before that I remember her saying something weird... something like, "I found you."
It makes no sense for someone I just met to tell me something like that. It makes no sense, but... no, wait. More importantly.
Asuka: "Arghh, she gave me some weird nickname! She called me "Dummy Girl"! And the worst part is that it makes perfect sense!"
Seriously, what the hell.
Nao: "Oh, that’s Sakuya Takeda and Itsuki Amato."
As we make our way home from the academy, Nao surprises me by saying this.
Asuka: "You know them, Nao?"
Nao: "Huh? Well, their names were on the class student list—"
I haven’t even thought to look at that yet.
Nao: "Even during the entrance ceremony yesterday, the other students in the class were talking about them."
I was mostly asleep for the entrance ceremony. I truly am a Dummy Girl.
Nao: "Neither of them came to the opening ceremony, but one of the girls had gone to the same high school as them. Nobody asked her, but she chattered on about them anyway."
Nao: "Miss Takeda’s family comes from old wealth and Miss Amato is the daughter of a famous traditional dance performer. Both of them are apparently high-class girls."
Nao: "Apparently, when it was decided that they would enroll at the nursing academy , it caused quite an uproar within the school."
Asuka: "Interesting..."
Actually, when I decided to enroll at the nursing academy it caused a bit of an uproar as well. In my case, it was for somewhat different reasons. I think back on the two of them. Miss Takeda was, however you’d look at it, the ultimate embodiment of a high class girl. Miss Amato... well, she definitely didn’t appear to come from a working class family. "I finally found you."
"—It’s not what it seems."
Asuka: "What was all that about...?"
The more I think of it the less I understand.
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Ah, nothing. And?"
Nao: "Well, what else... Both of them excel in academics. Miss Amato had the highest grades of those who enrolled apparently."
Nao: "I was told that she was scheduled to make a speech on behalf of us new students during the opening ceremony."
Nao: "Also, it seems the two of them were famous from their high school days for being one of the best-looking couples around."
Asuka: "Couple!?"
I feel like I’ve been hit by a brick.
Nao: "Yeah, it seems they’ve been dating since junior high."
Nao: "For each of their three years of junior high, they were voted the No. 1 couple by all the students in their school."
Asuka: "Whoaaa..."
In my admiration, an odd, strangled sound escapes my lips. But, thinking back, it makes sense... Yes, the two were a perfect match. Well-bred girls, distinguished, and beautiful— And lovers.
Nao: "Were they pretty?"
Asuka: "—Yeah, extremely."
Nao: "Heheh."
Asuka: "Miss Amato was beautiful, but Miss Takeda... she was like a ‘star.’"
Nao: "A star... like she was shining?"
Asuka: "Yeah... how can I describe her...? Ahaha, I’m not sure."
Unable to explain myself properly, I resort to laughter.
Nao: "Hehe, I see."
Asuka: "Oh, but..."
Nao: "???"
Asuka: "I think Miss Takeda... She doesn’t like me."
Nao: "Huh? Why?"
Asuka: "Ahh... well, I was a little rude to her."
Nao: "Really?"
Asuka: "Yeah... I think."
I tell Nao what happened in front of the stairway. How I had stared and gawked at her. How she had ignored me when we had parted.
Nao: "I see..."
Perhaps because I had looked so pensive when I told her, a downcast expression appears on Nao’s face.
Nao: "That doesn’t sound ideal."
Nao says this in a troubled voice. It’s true. Being disliked by someone you’re going to spend the next three years studying with doesn’t sound ideal at all. At a time when we need to combine our strengths to becomes nurses . At a time when I need to catch my star— A sigh involuntarily escapes my lips. We continue to walk on in silence for a while. A little before we reach our dorm, Nao speaks.
Nao: "If there’s anything I can do to help remedy the situation, I’ll do it."
Asuka: "N-Nao! >_<"
I clutch her tightly in an embrace as I cry tears of gratitude. O-of course I’ll do whatever I can on my own. But... in any case... My days of independence from my sister seem a long way off yet— Our conversation turns to what we’ll be eating for lunch as we enter our dorm. Suddenly, though, Nao changes the topic.
Nao: "Oh, by the way, there’s one other thing. I don’t know how much credibility this story has... but..."
Huh?
Nao: "Rumor has it that Miss Takeda and Miss Amato have what they call ‘ healing hands ’."
====================scr00101.kgo====================
That night, as I get inside my bed.
Asuka: "‘ Healing hands ’..."
I think back on Nao’s words. Even I am aware of what this term means. In fact, anyone who aspires to be a nurse is most likely aware of this strange power. Just by touching someone, they can remove that person’s pain and suffering and ease the symptoms of their sickness. Among the general population, it’s usually put down to the placebo effect... And it’s lumped in with other superstitions and old wives’ tales. And yet apparently Miss Takeda and Miss Amato have this power.
Asuka: (Huh?)
Asuka: "But then..."
If it comes to magic charms, then Nao can use them too. Every year, during the rainy season, I am plagued by headaches. However, whenever this happens, Nao casts a charm on me that helps ease the pain. "Nao, I need your help with the pain—"
"Okay, sis, just sit down over there."
Nao says this and we sit with out legs folded under us, facing each other. Then, drawing our faces close, we let our foreheads touch. Nao’s voice slowly drifts towards me. "Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam."
The words of the charm that Nao thought up. "Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam—"
It’s a childish charm, simply reversing the words, ‘Make the pain go away.’ But the effect has always been immediate. As Nao would continue to say the charm, my headache would simply float away and disappear. I wonder if that’s the same thing...
Asuka: "That must mean you have it as well, Nao."
Nao: "—Ahaha, I’m not so sure about that."
I hear Nao’s quiet voice from the bed above mine. It seems she’s still awake.
Nao: "I’ve done it for my friends at school when they requested it, but it seems to only work for you, sis. So I don’t think it’s the same thing."
Nao: "Besides, I use my forehead, not my hands... Maybe I have a ‘healing forehead’?"
Asuka: "That actually sounds kinda cute."
In the darkness, both of us giggle.
Nao: "You shouldn’t stay up too late. We have lessons from tomorrow."
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll sleep now."
Nao: "Good night, sis."
Asuka: "Good night."
Even though we already said good night earlier, we say it again. Then—
Asuka: "Oh, that’s right. Tomorrow, I’ll wake up on my own!"
Nao: "Okay."
And off to sleep I go.
====================scr00102.kgo====================
Asuka: "Zzzz.... zzz... zzz."
Nao: "Sis, wake up. Wake up."
Asuka: "Ahaha... See, Nao, I woke up on my own... Zzz..."
Nao: "Are you sleep-talking? You’re still sleeping, sis!"
My second attempt at independence from Nao ends in failure. Better luck next time, me.
====================scr00103.kgo====================
Kaede: "With Miss Takeda and Miss Amato joining us today, all of us are here."
I see both Miss Takeda and Miss Amato in the classroom. Oh, both of them are staying at the same Hakuran Dormitory as us. I found out this morning when I saw them walking ahead of us on our way to the academy.
Sakuya: "Yes, I’m sorry about yesterday, Ms. Ohara."
Itsuki: "Hello, hello."
The two of them gather the attention of everyone in the classroom. So that’s what it’s like to be famous.
Kaede: "Don’t worry about it. Classes start from today."
Kaede: "That being said, it’s unfortunate you couldn’t be here for the entrance ceremony."
Kaede: "Well, before we begin the morning’s homeroom, why don’t we have the two of you introduce yourselves to the class. Starting with you, Miss Takeda."
Ms. Ohara calls out Miss Takeda. Miss Takeda stands up. I gaze up at Miss Takeda, but she shows no sign of noticing me.
Sakuya: "My name is Sakuya Takeda."
Sakuya: "The reason I chose the path of nursing is because I believe it is what I am meant to do. That is all."
Miss Takeda simply says this and sits down. The aura of greatness about her is palpable. A low ‘oooh’ rumbles throughout the classroom.
Asuka: "But she didn’t really say anything specific, did she...?"
Next, Miss Amato smoothly stands up from her chair.
Itsuki: "My name is Itsuki Amato. I guess I’m here for both recreational and practical purposes. Further details I’ll keep a secret."
She says this and sits down in one smooth motion. Who keeps things secret during an introduction?
Asuka: "I guess she’s trying to be mysterious..."
Nao: "Sis, you’re acting like a heckler with all your little jibes..."
And yet, small gasps of ‘whoa’ echo throughout the classroom. Everyone is loving it... No fair... Sitting down, Miss Amato turns towards me and lets out a giggle, before silently moving her lips to form the words ‘Dummy Girl.’ I had thought when she had said "it’s not what it seems"
that she had been telling me not to take the nickname to heart. That it was a joke. But I guess that wasn’t the case. "I finally found you."
Had she meant to say that those words were not what they seemed? In any case, I have no idea what she was talking about...
Kaede: "Okay, thank you, both of you. Let’s begin homeroom now."
Ms. Ohara’s smile is just as flawless today. Her soft voice flows through the classroom.
Kaede: "For our afternoon class today, we’ll make a start on Basic Nursing Skills training. Have all of you brought your training uniforms with you today?"
One class at the nursing academy runs for 90 minutes. There are two classes each morning and two each afternoon. The first class is English. The second is Anatomical Physiology . So... let me explain to you what Anatomical Physiology is! Basically, it’s a class where we learn the about the mechanisms and motions of the body’s organs, skeleton, and so on. I open the textbook and my initial reaction is that it is filled with visual images, especially in contrast to the English and math textbooks.
Asuka: "Wow, the body is so amazing."
However, my amusement is short-lived. I underestimated the gravity of the situation. Well, I have a tendency of doing that. After all, I am the manager of the Jellyfish Club. The teacher of the Anatomical Physiology class is talking.
Teacher: "Commit to memory all the names of the 206 bones that make up the human body! In nursing, this is as basic as it gets."
Teacher: "I’ll be testing you all during next week’s class. If you can’t get over 90%, you’ll have to keep taking the test, after school, until you do."
The teacher’s tone is friendly, but the words resound within the classroom. Within me.
Asuka: (The nursing academy is kinds scary! >_<)
Why did I have to say "I’m gonna be a nurse!"
when I was a kid! Do you suppose not being able to remember the names of the bones would disqualify me from the Nightingale Award ? I wonder if amongst the winners of the Nightingale Award , there was someone who didn’t remember the names of the bones at all...
Asuka: "Mmm... unlikely."
Yeah, highly unlikely.
Asuka: "Nao... I’m gonna go get some fresh air."
After class, resembling something like a used tea bag, I weakly get up from my chair. With a worried expression on her face, Nao waves to me and I head out to the hallway.
Sakuya: "—!"
I open the classroom door and run into Miss Takeda. Perhaps she had gone to the bathroom, but she looks up at me in shock at the perfect timing with which we had both opened the door. Most likely, my face mirrors her expression.
Asuka: "Oh..."
There is a slightly dubious expression Miss Takeda’s face as she speaks.
Sakuya: "If you keep standing there, I can’t enter the classroom."
Asuka: "Oh, I’m sorry."
I scramble away from the front of the door. Miss Takeda passes me as if I don’t exist... or so I think for a moment. Suddenly she stops and turns towards me. We’re now face to face. And close. As I gaze at her face, my heart skips a beat at how beautiful she is.
Sakuya: "‘Asuka Osachi’—"
So she had remembered my name from my introduction yesterday.
Sakuya: "I heard from someone in class."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "Apparently, you ‘don’t know’ your reason for wanting to become a nurse ."
Asuka: "Yes..."
Sakuya: "What an absurd story. I doubt you’ll be able to continue long."
Without any further words, she enters the classroom.
Asuka: "Eep..."
Did she just say something mean and cold? I think she did... but, huh? I’m sure she did, but...
Asuka: "Somehow I don’t feel so bad about it."
I clutch my chest. There is no pain.
Asuka: (Huh, wait, maybe I’m something of a masochist...)
Asuka: "N-no, that can’t be it."
I shake my head and turn around. I follow her form with my eyes. I see her flowing hair and her graceful back. A back that rejects any attempt on my part to initiate conversation.
Asuka: "But there was something I wanted to ask her..."
Asuka: (I wanted to ask why I had seen a ‘star’ when I had looked at her.)
====================scr00104.kgo====================
Lunch break finishes and afternoon classes begin.
Asuka: "Our first... training! Oh my gawd, I’m, like, just so nervous!"
Nao: "Sis, you’re talking weird. Don’t worry; I’m nervous too."
Having changed into our training uniforms, we have all gathered in the training room . Rows of white beds are laid out and between each bed stand several students. Even as she says "I’m nervous too,"
Nao seems completely fine. Of course, amongst the students, I can see Miss Takeda and Miss Amato as well.
Sakuya: "—"
Itsuki: "—"
Neither of them show any signs of being nervous as they talk about something between themselves. For the most part, Miss Amato seems to be whispering in Miss Takeda’s ear as she responds in an off-hand manner. But. But sometimes.
Sakuya: "—"
Itsuki: "—..."
Sakuya: "—!"
Sometimes a small smile forms on her lips.
Asuka: (Oh...)
The bell sounds and the front door of the training room opens. Ms. Ohara walks in. During homeroom this morning she had been dressed in her own clothes, but now she is wearing her white uniform . I reconfirm my earlier assessment that the white uniform and nurse’s cap truly suit Ms. Ohara perfectly. I guess, like our training uniform, she only wears it during training—wait, but then? Why was she wearing her white uniform yesterday? Was it her way of welcoming us new students?
Nao: "Ms. Ohara... I thought so—"
I thought so?
Kaede: "Looks like we’re all here. Are any of you nervous?"
Ms. Ohara’s words send a slight jolt down my back.
Kaede: "For today’s Basic Nursing Skills , we’ll be practicing bed making ."
Kaede: "Once you become a nurse , this will be something you will do many times every day."
Kaede: "This is an important task. The hospitalized patient will spend many hours in their bed, so it is vital to ensure that is cleanly maintained. Please make sure to pay attention."
We all respond in confirmation.
Kaede: "Allow me to show you an example first."
Kaede: "I’ll explain as I do it. Please watch, as we’ll have all of you do it afterwards."
Kaede: "Alright then, let’s begin—"
Ms. Ohara comes to the front of the bed. A new sheet, folded in four, has been placed on top of the bed.
Kaede: "Please try to come as close as you can to watch. That way you’ll understand better."
She smiles. Responding to Ms. Ohara’s angelic smile, we all gather around the bed. Then.
Kaede: "First of all—"
Asuka: "Oh..."
Ms. Ohara moves her hands slowly, most likely to make it easier for us to comprehend. I watch her as she carefully makes the bed. I can’t help myself from imagining white wings sprouting from her back. In fact, I doubt anyone would be able to prevent that image from forming in their mind.
Kaede: "Now, to avoid creases from forming, make sure to stretch out the sheet, fold the corner into a triangle and insert it under the mattress."
Kaede: "If there are creases on the sheets, the creases will put pressure on the patient’s body..."
Kaede: "Bedridden patients and patients with delicate skin will quickly form bedsores ... which will lead to more serious problems."
We silently take in her words. From all around, I can hear the sound of scribbling pens as students take notes. I watch Ms. Ohara as if I’m being drawn into her.
Kaede: "—Also, when changing the sheets, if you move the patient’s belongings, you must make sure to place them in their original position when you finish."
Kaede: "The patient will already be nervous enough as it is, so small things can add fuel to their anxiety. That being said—"
Ms. Ohara’s words flow, her body never taking a moment to rest as she moves serenely and gracefully.
Sakuya: "She’s really impressive..."
I hear Miss Takeda whisper quietly. Responding to her voice, I look towards her... and our eyes meet.
Sakuya: "—"
Smile, smile. Give her a friendly smile. Just like Ms. Ohara’s smile—
Asuka: "......"
Sakuya: "...!"
She turns away and ignores me. Eeek, mission failed.
Asuka: "...Urgh..."
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi, are you looking? You need to concentrate properly."
Ms. Ohara says this without seeming to look in my direction.
Asuka: "I-I-I’m sorry."
I quickly return my gaze. Even though Ms. Ohara’s actions are slow, she makes no unnecessary movements and she is already applying the finishing touches to the bed making .
Kaede: "And last of all..."
Kaede: "Unless it is a private room, there will be patients in the other beds, so avoid stirring up dust. You must move quietly and swiftly."
Kaede: "Alright, that is all."
Ms. Ohara runs her hand over the newly placed sheet, smoothing out the few micro-creases left. Then, she looks at us. The bed that Ms. Ohara has made with her own hands looks undeniably inviting. It seems to glimmer white.
Asuka: (If I took a nap in this bed, I could die happy—)
Kaede: "What do you think, Miss Asuka Osachi?"
Just as I think such thoughts, she abruptly calls on me.
Asuka: "Oh, I’d love to sleep in it."
Nao: "Sis!"
Asuka: "Ah! No, I mean..."
Kaede: "Let’s make it so that the patient will think the same thing. Did you remember the steps?"
Itsuki: "Heheh. Nice."
Miss Amato suppresses her voice as she laughs... Damn it. I look and see that Miss Takeda also has an exasperated expression on her face. B-but what’s done is done. After Ms. Ohara’s demonstration finishes, we all begin practicing on individual beds. At first, Ms. Ohara tells us to work in pairs to a single bed. Nao and I pair together and stand on opposite sides of a bed.
Nao: "Alright, let’s try doing this, sis."
Asuka: "Okay, Nao, first I’ll lead. Leave it to me!"
Nao: "Got it. Good luck."
Nao flashes me a smile. I’ll be alright. I did space out a little, but I had been watching Ms. Ohara’s movements properly and had been listening to the instructions. Besides, it’s not just me, but the two of us. This’ll be a walk in the park. However...
Asuka: "...H-how did this happen, Nao...?"
Before my eyes... A bed so tragically made that if I took a nap on it I would be guaranteed to have nightmares. The sheets are a mess. The original sheet and replacement sheet seem to have somehow managed to tangle together, leaving us unable to discern which is which. It could possibly pass as some bizarre piece of modern art... or mysteriously entangled life forms... maybe...
Nao: "I’m sorry. I tried to support you as best as I could, but..."
Nao looks at me apologetically, but, of course, the responsibility lies with me. But. But...
Asuka: "Nao, looking at this bed somehow makes me feel dizzy..."
Nao: "...Yeah, me too..."
Nao covers her mouth. I look on with a serious expression on my face.
Asuka: "It’s strange. According to my calculations, it should’ve been perfect!"
Kaede: "It’s difficult, isn’t it? Even if you understand it with your head, it’s different when you actually try to apply that knowledge."
Nao: "Oh, Ms. Ohara."
Ms. Ohara had walked over to our bed.
Asuka: "W-whoa."
I am embarrassed for her to see the tragic-looking bed. But Ms. Ohara doesn’t laugh upon seeing our travesty. Instead, she gives us precise instructions and, like magic, we manage to return the bed to its original state. Then, she looks at me and smiles.
Kaede: "Why don’t you try doing it again?"
Kaede: "This time, I’ll advise you as you do it, okay?"
Being spoken to gently in this way, it’s all I can do to stop myself from crying. A while later...
Asuka: "...Th-th-this time I think I got it right...! (Huff, puff.)"
There, in front of me... Well, you’d have to be fairly odd to want to sleep in a bed like this, but... But, I’ve managed to make it into something that is recognizable as something that is supposed to function as a bed. This is the finished product of my bed making .
Kaede: "Alright, 30 points out of 100."
Ms. Ohara says this with a wry laugh. Understandably, she has to be tough on me this time. The 30 points are like a jab through my heart.
Asuka: "Ack."
Nao: "S-sis, hang in there."
Kaede: "Next week we have a test, so practice it over and over until you can do it on your own."
Asuka: "A ‘test’! Argh..."
Nao: "Don’t worry, sis! I’m here for you!"
Kaede: "After school, you can use the training room freely. Best of luck."
Ms. Ohara smiles her angelic smile. She distances herself from our bed and moves on to another pair of students.
Kaede: "Yes, well done. This bed pretty much gets full marks."
It’s Miss Takeda and Miss Amato’s bed. Miss Takeda touches the newly laid out sheet with her hand.
Sakuya: "No. We’ve still got a long way to go—"
Itsuki: "It was pretty fun. This takes more skill than I thought. They do this even with someone sleeping in the bed, don’t they?"
Sakuya: "Ms. Ohara, next time may we do it on our own?"
Kaede: "Yes. Very well, next time..."
As I listen to their voices, I look down at my bed and mutter.
Asuka: "If our first bed had been graded I wonder how we would’ve scored?"
I wonder if they have negative scores.
====================scr00105.kgo====================
Later that day, as we make our way home from school.
Asuka: "......"
Sakuya: "—"
Itsuki: "—"
For some reason, we’re walking with Miss Takeda and Miss Amato. Well, we do belong to the same class and the same dorm, so it’s not odd that we’d end up together on our way home. Nao and I and, a little distance away, Miss Takeda and Miss Amato. "What an absurd story. I doubt you’ll be able to continue long."
Asuka: (How awkward is this...?)
Nao: "Sis...?"
Nao observes my silence questioningly.
Asuka: "Ah-ahaha..."
I try laughing for no reason. Positioned between myself and Miss Takeda (although at some distance), Nao casts furtive glances between the two of us.
Nao: "Hmm..."
Then.
Nao: "Miss Takeda, you were really good at bed making ."
Sakuya: "Huh—"
Nao strikes up a friendly conversation and Miss Takeda looks somewhat surprised, momentarily. However, she quickly regains her composure.
Sakuya: "Yes, well Ms. Ohara did say so, but..."
Itsuki: "I guess it was worth all that training you did during spring vacation, wasn’t it, Princess?"
Sakuya: "I told you not to call me that at school—"
Itsuki: "Yes, Princess, but you never said anything about the way home from school."
Each time Miss Amato calls Miss Takeda "Princess", a troubled look flits across her face. Which is unfortunate because the name suits her... Anyway, now is not the time to be thinking thoughts like that.
Asuka: "You were training on your own! That’s impressive! All I did was sleep a lot."
Sakuya: "...Sleep a lot?"
Nao: "Well, before that, you studied hard for the exams, sis. That being said, you did gain a little weight."
Asuka: "Hey! Nao, that’s top secret! You’re not supposed to tell anyone!"
Sakuya: "Hmm..."
Miss Takeda lets out a sigh. I’ve exasperated her again.
Sakuya: "You too, Itsuki. Please don’t say unnecessary things."
Itsuki: "Come on, it’s not like you want to pretend you’re some kind of genius."
Itsuki: "At first, she kept making the bed with me in it. I fell out so many times I was covered in bruises."
Itsuki: "She just kept going on about how it was part of the procedure. She wouldn’t listen."
Sakuya: "I-Itsuki!"
Miss Takeda’s face is bright red.
Asuka: "Heheh... err."
Sakuya: "—!!!"
I’d only giggled slightly, but, in response, she stares daggers at me. (Eeek!) My first impression of the two of them from yesterday at the stairway... the soft, elegant Miss Takeda and the cool, intelligent Miss Amato... But it seems I may have been wrong about them. And the way they are now is who they really seem to be. The distance between me and Miss Takeda... I feel both as if we’ve gotten closer and further apart at the same time—
====================scr00106.kgo====================
Then, on our first day off since entering Teito Nursing Academy ...
Asuka: "Ohhh..."
In our dorm room, I sit lifelessly at the table, moaning.
Asuka: (I wonder why frogs it is that frogs croak—)
Ever since school started, every day we’ve been tied down by technical classroom lectures and training. With no regard to the fact that we’re new students in our first week of study. On the table, a cup of the green tea Nao has made for me sits there steaming. Perhaps, since until elementary school I had been grandma’s little girl, I’m more used to drinking traditional green tea than coffee or black tea. Nao is currently sitting at her study desk and, most likely, reviewing this week’s classes. She’s such a good girl. Well, I know I have to do it too. I know, but...
Asuka: (Maybe it’s best if I give up on winning the Nightingale Award ...)
I consider such pathetic thoughts in my heart.
Asuka: "(Slurp)... Ahh."
I sip the green tea and let out a lazy sigh. I remember what my teacher had written in my report card when I was in elementary school. "Habit of being lazy."
"When excited about something she sets extremely high goals for herself, but compromises immediately."
"Lacks perseverance."
"No self-discipline."
Ruthless, but spot-on, Ms. Toyama.
Asuka: "I wonder how Ms. Toyama is doing."
Nao: "Oh, from elementary school?"
Nao responds to my murmurings as she continues to look at her notebook.
Asuka: "Yeah. I wonder what she’d think if she found out I was a student at a nursing academy ."
Nao: "I’m sure she’d be happy about it."
Asuka: "I’m not so sure about that... Anyway, I’m gonna go use the toilet."
I grunt and get up. I head towards the toilet near the entrance of our room. I think to myself that once I finish using the bathroom, I’ll follow Nao’s example and review our studies as well. Thinking such thoughts, I walk to the door. Standing there is a skeleton. Bones, skeletal structure, life-sized, complete. Our eyes meet as its empty sockets gaze at me.
Asuka: "N-N-N-Nao, Nao, Nao!"
I rush back and collapse onto the floor next to Nao.
Nao: "??? What’s the matter, sis?"
Asuka: "A-a skeleton. There’s a skeleton! Standing in front of the door—"
Nao: "Oh, that."
Nao grins and says.
Nao: "It’s not ‘standing.’ It’s ‘glued’ onto the front door. It’s an anatomical chart."
Asuka: "An ana... tomical... chart..."
Nao: "Remember, sis? After our Anatomical Physiology class you said that you couldn’t remember the names of all the different bones."
Nao’s words bring back my memory. "Commit to memory all the names of the 206 bones that make up the human body! In nursing, this is as basic as it gets."
"I’ll be testing you all during next week’s class. If you can’t get over 90%, you’ll have to keep taking the test, after school, until you do."
Nao: "So I asked our teacher if there was any effective way to remember them. And this is the result."
Nao: "You glue an anatomical chart in front of the toilet and you place post-its over a few of the bone names to hide them."
Nao: "Then, when you want to use the toilet, you have to guess the name of the bones hidden behind the post-its."
Nao: "The rules are that you can’t go in until you guess them."
Asuka: "Ack..."
I tremble.
Nao: "Don’t worry. There’s only one post-it right now."
Asuka: "Really!?"
I scramble back to in front of the toilet.
Asuka: "...Y-you’re right."
There is indeed a copy of a life-size anatomical chart spread out and glued to the door. There are lines branching from each bone, leading to their specific names. The name of only one of them is hidden by a light-blue post-it. It is the name of the lowest bone located on the center of the chest. The bone above it is labelled the ‘ sternum ’. Now what is the one below it called. That’s the question.
Asuka: "I vaguely remember the sternum ... But the other one? D-damn it, I don’t know..."
Nao: "Language, sis."
Asuka: "U-ummm..."
I cast a glimpse towards Nao. She is facing her desk again and is looking away from me. If I’m going to do it, now is my chance. I think I’ll... cheat. After all, I really need to use the toilet. At this rate, I’ll end up becoming "Wet Pants Asuka."
I must avoid that at all costs. —I gulp down my anxiety and, eyeing Nao, I place my fingers onto the post-it. I’ll take a quick glimpse at it and pretend like I just remembered the name. "Oh, I know, I know it’s blah blah! I finally remembered!"
Alright, I can do this. Just a quick, tiny glimpse... (Peek.) Xiphoid process ’.
Asuka: "How am I supposed to even pronounce that—!!!"
Nao: "Wha...? Sis?"
Nao’s surprised voice. In the end...
Asuka: "Ehem..."
I put aside my pride and tell Nao honestly. I realize then, of course, that I had no reason to worry about peeing my pants. Apparently the ‘x’ in ‘ xiphoid process ’ is pronounced as a ‘z.’ Nao teaches me how to pronounce the word. And so, my anxiety is laid to rest. However... Later that day at dinner.
Nao: "Dinner is ready, sis!"
Saying this, Nao lays out the freshly cooked food on the table.
Asuka: "Yeah! Wait—"
Looking at the food, I realize something is unusual.
Asuka: "Hmm...? Fried chicken with the bones...?"
Nao: "Yes. I thought we might be able to name the bones as we ate."
Nao: "Oh, also, the other dishes have nutrients that were frequently mentioned in our nutritional science classes."
Nao: "Don’t worry, I’ve made sure to balance it out so that it tastes good, too."
Nao: "Alright, let’s eat!"
Asuka: "Nao...?"
Nao: "Yes, sis. First of all, this chicken bone... what is it called in a human’s anatomy?"
Nao grins at me.
Asuka: "Awww... not a study meal! "
Nao: "Yep!"
Nao continues to grin. In the end, when Nao switches into gear, she becomes hardcore with her Spartan-style teaching... although she’s still gentle. Oh, this reminds me of when we were studying for our exams...
====================scr00107.kgo====================
Early afternoon. I’m walking my usual route to school, when—
???: "Wahh, wahh!"
I hear the sound of someone crying. A distinguishably childish cry.
Asuka: "What’s going on...?"
I change my direction towards where the crying is coming from. Then...
Asuka: "Oh."
The two of them are there.
Sakuya: "No, he’s cut his forehead. He’s bleeding."
Itsuki: "All he did was fall off a guardrail."
Kid: "Aaargh! Waahhh!"
Itsuki: "Honestly, shut up already."
Sakuya: "Itsuki!"
Itsuki: "Fine, fine, I’m sorry. So? I guess we have no choice but to take him to the hospital then."
Sakuya: "Wait... It’ll be difficult to move him until he stops crying."
Sakuya: "Come on, calm down. We’ll take you to the hospital."
Kid: "Noooo! It hurrrts! Waaahhh!"
Itsuki: "That’s exactly why we need to take you to the hospital. To fix that..."
Itsuki: "I guess there’s no point in explaining."
Kid: "Waaahhhhh!"
Asuka: (The kid fell down and hurt himself. And they’re trying to help him?)
Miss Takeda and Miss Amato. It seems like that’s what’s going on. But... For some reason, all I can do is hide in the shadows and watch them. Wh-why am I hiding?
Asuka: (I just sort of... ended up like this. It’s not like I’m spying on them!)
As I attempt to justify my actions—
Itsuki: "Fine... Let me handle this."
Sakuya: "Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "I’ll just seal up the wound here. That should calm the kid down."
Sakuya: "You’ll use your ‘ healing hands ’—?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, I guess. I just want to shut that kid up already."
Asuka: (—Did she just say ‘ healing hands ’?)
"Rumor has it that Miss Takeda and Miss Amato have what they call ‘ healing hands ’."
Sakuya: "......"
Itsuki: "Princess? Come on—"
Sakuya: "No, Itsuki. I’ll do it."
Itsuki: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "I’m the one who found this kid... Besides..."
Here, Miss Takeda falls silent for a moment.
Sakuya: "I can do it better than you."
Itsuki: "Hmm, well, that’s true. Fine, I’ll leave it to you then."
Asuka: (Wh-wh-whoa—)
All I can do is stare at them from the shadows. Healing hands ’? Really?
Sakuya: "Hold still for a while, alright? The pain will go away in just a second."
Miss Takeda says this as if to reassure the kid. Then—
Asuka: (Oh, come on, from here I can’t see what they’re doing to the kid.)
And I am curious. So curious. I must be involuntarily craning forward in my excitement. So that I can see more. More.
Sakuya: "Alright, the wound is healed now. It doesn’t hurt anymore, does it?"
Kid: "Huh? ...Yeah... Umm..."
Kid: "Yeah, you’re right! It doesn’t hurt at all! My head doesn’t hurt at all!"
Kid: "Wow, miss, are you a ‘magician’!?"
Sakuya: "No, I’m just a nursing student ."
Miss Takeda says this, making no attempt at showing-off.
Asuka: "Nao, Nao, Nao!"
Nao: "??? What is it, sis?"
Once I get back home, I tell Nao what I saw on my way home from school.
Asuka: "—So the rumors were true."
Asuka: "Miss Takeda and Miss Amato have ‘ healing hands ’!"
Asuka: "It was amazing. The kid called her a ‘magician’!"
Nao: "...Um, sis?"
As I enthusiastically tell her what happened, Nao doesn’t seem nearly as impressed.
Asuka: "Yeah?"
Nao: "From what you just told me, you didn’t exactly see the kid’s wound close up..."
Nao: "Did you? Am I right in assuming that?"
Asuka: "Um, y-yeah."
Nao: "Then... you can’t entirely be sure yet that it was something magical."
Nao: "To a child, something like a ‘charm’ can work as a placebo ."
Asuka: "A ‘charm’... Like what you do, Nao?"
Nao: "Well, mine is just for you, sis."
Nao: "—But, yes."
Asuka: "I see..."
Hearing these words from Nao, I begin to think that might be the case.
Nao: "Oh, not that I know for sure."
Nao: "But, in any case, since they themselves haven’t said anything, it might be best not to spread any rumors about it."
Nao: "They may not appreciate it."
Asuka: "Oh..."
Nao grins sardonically.
Nao: "That being said, I was the one who told you about the rumor, so I’ll be more careful too."
Asuka: "Yeah... I see. You’re probably right."
Having been told this, I think back to how Miss Takeda and Miss Amato had acted. It’s true. They didn’t seem proud or pleased about what they had done. It wasn’t anything like that.
Asuka: (I’ll keep it hidden away in my thoughts for now... Yeah.) And so that’s what I decide to do.
====================scr00108.kgo====================
Teacher: "Alright, you have 20 minutes from now to study on your own. After that, there will be a short test."
Pathology class. Edema , humectation , metastasis , angiosarcoma , epithelium , mesenchyme , metastasis, dyskaryosis , structural atypia , deoxyribonucleic acid— Such difficult words dance across the white board. Amongst our classes, this is considered to be one of the most advanced. Of course, I’m horrible at it.
Asuka: "It would be a little more endearing if at least he’d written how to pronounce them—"
Nao: "Sis... that would make it even more convoluted."
I consider how they’d appear as pronunciation symbols... Sh-she’s right! (Surprise, surprise.)
Asuka: "Argh..."
Our time for memorization before our short test begins. The classroom has fallen silent, with the sound of textbook pages turning and pens scribbling across notebooks filling the room. I at least attempt to open my textbook and hammer the words into my head. But. But...
Nao: "Good luck, sis."
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "If there’s something you don’t know, just ask me."
"Something I don’t know."
Asuka: "...Why am I here?"
Nao: "Um, well..."
Nao’s worried face... I’ve worried her. I’m a failure as her elder sister.
Asuka: (I want to fall asleep in the gentle waves of the sea...)
Such meaningless thoughts dance in my head. The former Jellyfish Club manager. Jellyfish-ish me.
Asuka: "...???"
From the seat next to me (the side that Nao isn’t on), someone nudges my shoulder.
Student: "...Here, this is for you."
Asuka: "—?"
Held out to me is a folded piece of paper. A letter. On the bottom right it says in small letters: ‘Itsuki.’ Sensing her gaze, I turn my face towards her and my eyes make contact with Miss Amato’s. She points towards my hands. She appears to be gesturing for me to read the letter.
Asuka: (I wonder what it is...)
I carefully open the folded letter. Asuka Osachi, graduate of Kamino All-Girls High School. Born on April 2nd. Blood Type: B. Height: 154 cm. Weight: 48 kg... This is after having gained 3 kg during spring vacation. Measurements: Bust 81. Waist 63. Hips 85... Is that right?
Asuka: (Wh-what is this—!?)
A list of all my personal information. Even my measurements are correct... How did she find this out!? I cast a glance towards Miss Amato and see her grinning at me. She points to her eyes and then towards my chest... Does that mean she figured it out just by looking at me? I don’t know if I should be impressed or creeped out.
Itsuki: "—? (Seeking confirmation.)"
Miss Amato makes an ‘OK’ sign with her fingers. She seems to be asking me if she’s right.
Asuka: "... (Denial.)"
I furrow my eyebrows and shake my head. I draw a line through where it says ‘3 kg’ and write ‘I only gained 2 kg!’ before sending back the letter. The letter passes from student to student and, before long, it is in Miss Amato’s hands again. Miss Amato opens the letter and reads it before breaking into a grin.
Itsuki: "—"
She writes something on a new piece of paper, folds it, and passes it down the row of students until it once again reaches me.
Asuka: "......"
I open it. So 2 not 3 then. Thanks for telling me. I’ll revise. Huh?
Asuka: (What am I doing telling her!?)
Asuka: (Oh... what does she mean by ‘revise’!?)
Asuka: "Aaahhh..."
Aggravated at myself for having so easily released top secret information, I bury my head in my hands.
Nao: "Sis...?"
With all that is going on, my test results are dismal... unsurprisingly.
====================scr00109.kgo====================
That day, there is an announcement from Ms. Ohara during the afternoon homeroom. She tells us that tomorrow, during Basic Nursing Skills class, we’ll be taking a bed making test. Later that evening, at a somewhat early hour.
Asuka: "I don’t want to fail tomorrow’s test..."
I mutter.
Nao: "Yeah, but don’t worry. You practiced a lot after school, sis."
Asuka: "Well, unlike classroom lectures , it’s fun!"
Nao: "I understand how you feel, but I don’t know if it’s best to say that out loud, sis..."
There’s no denying that it’s difficult, but it’s so much more fun than sitting down and studying. It’s about 100 times more fun than Pathology .
Asuka: "—So, just to make sure I’ve got the final touches right, I’m going to pay a visit to the training room ."
Nao: "Huh, now?"
Asuka: "The school is still just barely open. I’m just gonna go and run through it quickly once."
I say it as if I’m just going for a casual jog and begin to prepare for my trip to the school.
Nao: "Oh, then I’ll go too."
Asuka: "Don’t worry. I’ll be fine on my own. You relax and take it easy, Nao."
Nao: "But—"
Asuka: "Heh, well I’m off now, dear. I’m expecting a big haul tonight."
Nao: "Hehe. Alright, well off you go then, darling. Be careful. The sea at night is a dangerous place."
Asuka: "Gotcha."
We play at being a fisherman and his wife for a moment. Then, I leave the dorm. I walk the night road, my feet moving a little faster than usual. Occasionally, I glance up at the night sky.
Asuka: "The stars are still so far away—"
The world of the stars is exasperatingly far. Even now, I’m swaying in the waves as I look up at the starry sky. Still a jellyfish girl. How to catch a star.’ I still don’t feel like I’m anywhere close to catching them. On the other hand, I’ve felt like giving up countless times. Every year, amongst nursing students , around the time they advance to the next year, about 10-20% of the students drop out. By the time graduation comes along, about only 60% remain. I know myself that I’m type of person who’d fall under the other 40%. Even before graduation... there are things like... the national qualification examinations ... (Sigh.) Apparently, Nao has already begun planning for the national exams . Yes, all for the sake of her elder sister. (Makes me wanna cry.)
Asuka: "I need to get a hold of myself—"
I mutter as I reach my hands out towards the starry sky. I grip my fist. And relax it as if to see if I’ve caught a fistful of starlight. But there’s no sense of reality to my actions. And, opening my fist, there is no sign of starlight.
Asuka: "I want to become a nurse like Ms. Ohara."
My words alone are grandiose. I think such thoughts even though I have no idea of what Ms. Ohara was like during her years as a nurse . And yet I am filled with admiration for her. How she looks in her white uniform . "The white-robed angel"— I arrive at the school. It’s already night, but perhaps because it is still not that late, I can see light coming from some of the windows. The staff room, the library, the hallways... and even the training room .
Asuka: "—I wonder if someone else is practicing."
Although not that late, night is night. It hadn’t crossed my mind that anyone other than me would want to practice.
Asuka: "I wonder who it is."
At the lockers, I change into my training uniform and head to the training room . The door is slightly ajar. I find myself quietly tiptoeing up to the door. I hear voices inside.
Itsuki: "Yes, and I win."
Sakuya: "Argh..."
It’s Miss Takeda and Miss Amato. I wonder if it’s just the two of them in there.
Asuka: "Um..."
There shouldn’t be any problem with me just walking in, but...
Sakuya: "Like I said, bed making isn’t just some sort of game to me."
Itsuki: "Oh, you say that now, after you’ve lost. That’s not like you."
Sakuya: "That’s because you insisted over and over that we make it a competition."
Sakuya: "...But you’re right. I’ll stop."
Itsuki: "Friendly competition is important. For that, rivalry is necessary."
Sakuya: "Don’t try to make it sound so noble. You just got bored of regular practice."
Itsuki: "Ah, well, I do have a short attention span."
Sakuya: "You know... I told you that you didn’t have to come with me."
Itsuki: "But I would’ve been lonely then. In our room all by myself."
Sakuya: "Yeah, right. I know you’ve been getting a lot of invitations from the other girls in our class."
Itsuki: "—I have eyes for no one but you, Sakuya."
Asuka: (Wh-wh-whoa!)
I feel dizzy, as if I my head were spinning. This situation... It’s making it harder for me to walk in. Awkward! But I can’t seem to move away from the door either. I seem to have stumbled on quite the scenario.
Itsuki: "Hmm... well then, I guess I’ll receive my prize as the winner."
Sakuya: "Huh? What are you saying, Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "What am I saying? Well, prizes are a part of any competition."
Sakuya: "Wait. You didn’t tell me anything about that."
Itsuki: "Huh? Didn’t I?"
Sakuya: "Of course you didn’t. If you had, I wouldn’t have played along—"
Itsuki: "—"
Sakuya: "...!?"
Both of their voices abruptly stop. Miss Takeda lets out a small gasp as if in surprise. I catch a tiny glimpse through the crack in the door.
Asuka: (Wh-wha-whoa...)
Sakuya: "......"
Asuka: "—!"
For a moment, I seem to hear a moan coming from Miss Takeda’s lips... By the time I realize it, I’ve stepped away from the door and rushed off. I can sense myself panicking in my head, yet my thoughts are occupied by the heat rising to my face, and I cannot recall what went through my mind until I have returned to our dorm room. I leap back into our room, earning a surprised look from Nao.
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis? ...You’re still in your training uniform."
Having lacked the mental capacity to change clothing, the best I had been able to do was take my own clothes out from the locker and dash back to our room. Perhaps due to the running, or perhaps due to other reasons, my entire body is hot and I am incredibly thirsty. Wheezing, I manage to gasp out a couple of words.
Asuka: "N-Nao, water..."
Nao quickly brings me a glass of water. I gulp down the entire glass.
Asuka: "Haahh!"
I sluggishly turn my face towards the questioning Nao. The image of what I saw is burned inside my mind. Oh, my body temperature is rising again. The two of them had been kissing. It had appeared that Miss Amato had aggressively initiated the kiss, but Miss Takeda... she didn’t seem to be strongly against it either. Her hand on Miss Amato’s arm. Her almost audible moan. —Her lips.
Nao: "...Sis? So, what ha—"
Asuka: "Nao..."
Placing the emptied glass back into Nao’s hand, I open my mouth.
Nao: "???"
Asuka: "Nao, have you ever kissed anyone before?"
Nao: "Huh? Well... a long time ago, I kissed our dog, Capsule..."
Asuka: "The Maltese, right? I did too."
The two of them had been kissing. A real kiss. (Not that I know whether or not there are fake ones.) Well-bred girls, distinguished, and beautiful— And lovers.
Asuka: "Nao."
I say with a serious expression on my face.
Nao: "Yes."
Asuka: "...No matter what, I am going to pass tomorrow’s bed making test."
Nao: "Y-yeah. Let’s do our best."
Asuka: "No matter what!"
The heat is still coursing through my body, and I don’t know where I can find an outlet for it. Having made my proclamation, I realize...
Asuka: (Oh, I never got the chance to go through the steps one last time—)
Go back to school I should get some sleep Nao advises me against it, but I decide to go back to the academy again. I resolve that I do want to double-check my bed making one last time.
Asuka: "Oh, the lights of the training room are out..."
It may already be closed... Please, no. Just then—
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi?"
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "What’s the matter? Did you forget something at school?"
Asuka: "Um, no, well..."
Kaede: "???"
Asuka: "I wanted to use the training room to double-check my bed making for tomorrow..."
Hearing my words, Ms. Ohara looks towards the school building.
Kaede: "Oh, I see. I just locked up."
Asuka: "Of course, I understand..."
Kaede: "But, well, you came all this way to practice. I can give you a little time."
Asuka: "Really?"
Kaede: "Yes. I do like to reward a student’s enthusiasm."
Ms. Ohara smiles. And so, I manage to get a chance to use the training room . My preparation for tomorrow is all set....Plus, I was able to run into Ms. Ohara. (Luck seems to be on my side.) And so— The next day.
Kaede: "Yes, good job, Miss Asuka Osachi. You’ve passed."
I’ve passed, just as I proclaimed last night. I can do it when I set my mind to it.
Asuka: "Yes!"
Kaede: "You’ve gotten quite good at bed making . I would say you’re one of the best in the class."
Asuka: "Really?"
Kaede: "Yes."
I’m happy. So happy. I love beds.
Asuka: (At this rate... the Nightingale Award may still be within my grasp, Nao!)
And just like that, my goal has returned.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, with these hands I’ll rule the world!"
Kaede: "???"
Ms. Ohara looks at me as if she doesn’t quite comprehend what I mean....Oops.
Asuka: (Even if I were to go to school now, it’ll probably already be closed—)
Inside my head... It is spinning with thoughts of tomorrow’s bed making test and the kiss I have just seen. I need to reset myself. So—
Asuka: "Alright. I’ll sleep first!"
Nao: "Yeah, that might be for the best. You can wake up early and go to school before it begins."
Asuka: "Sounds like a plan!"
Excited, I go to bed....The next day, of course, I am unable to wake up early. Although Nao did try her best to wake me up. Ultimately, the result of my bed making test is— The next day...
Kaede: "Hmmm... Alright, Miss Asuka Osachi, you just barely passed."
Just as I had proclaimed last night, I’ve passed. I actually did it.
Asuka: "Y-yes! Even if just barely, a pass is a pass—"
Kaede: "Hehe. That being said, I did go a little easy on you."
Asuka: "Argh."
Kaede: "Be sure to practice."
Ms. Ohara smiles. An angel’s smile.
Asuka: "Ah-haha... Yes, ma’am."
I nod enthusiastically. A part of me wishes I had been able to do a better job at impressing Ms. Ohara.
Asuka: (The Nightingale Award is still a long way off...)
====================scr00110.kgo====================
Then, on one particular weekend...
Asuka: "—Oh."
Itsuki: "Hey, Dummy Girl. Off somewhere?"
I run into Miss Amato in the hallway of our dorm.
Asuka: "Yeah, I was."
Itsuki: "I see. I’m off to hang out near the station."
Asuka: "I just got back."
I hold up the plastic bag containing things I bought at the convenience store.
Itsuki: "Hmm, snacks? —You might gain weight again."
She says teasingly, before drawing her face close to peek into the bag. Her candid words cause my temper to rise for a moment, but... I can’t come up with a retort. After all she’s already discovered I gained two kilograms... thanks to my own stupidity.
Dorm Student: "Oh, it’s Miss Amato."
Dorm Student: "Miss Amato! You have to come with us to karaoke sometime soon!"
A couple of dorm students who happen to be passing by call out to her.
Itsuki: "Yeah, sometime soon."
She answers casually. I realize how popular she is. Seeing Miss Amato’s profile as she waves towards the other girls, I suddenly remember. —The kiss. The one that I saw in the training room .
Asuka: "Um, the person you’re going to hang out with, is it Miss Takeda?"
I ask, thinking it might be a date.
Itsuki: "The Princess? No, no."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "Someone cuter than her. Although, more of a handful as well."
She speaks so nonchalantly.
Asuka: "What!?"
I’m a bit flustered. Is she cheating on her? And so brazenly? Or is Miss Takeda alright with it? Is their relationship just casual? Is this just how rich people do things? (Probably nothing to do with it.)
Asuka: "Oh... I see..."
Itsuki: "It’s not what it seems. Don’t worry. The person I’m going out with is Princess Sakuya. We’re just going out to have a little break."
She admits her trickery... I let out a sigh of relief. Thinking about it, it isn’t really my place to feel flustered or relieved. But, for some reason, I can’t really imagine the two of them ever betraying each other.
Asuka: (Maybe it’s because I saw that kiss—)
Thinking such thoughts, my body temperature rises a little again. And then a question enters my mind. Something in Miss Amato’s words tugs at me.
Asuka: (Oh—)
"It’s not what it seems."
Those were the same words she had said on the stairway, the first time we met after my first day of school. She had spoken quietly, as if to keep a secret from those around us. And the other things she’s said, like "I finally found you"
and "I’ll revise"... There are too many mysteries surrounding Miss Amato. But the biggest mystery of all is this... "—It’s not what it seems."
That one takes the cake.
Asuka: "Actually, Miss Amato, can I ask you something?"
Itsuki: "??? You want to know what we wear to sleep? Let’s just say, no clothes are involved."
Asuka: "...I see."
Itsuki: "For the Princess, at least."
Asuka: "Huhh!? ...That isn’t what I wanted to ask."
Itsuki: "I’m joking as well. What did you want to know?"
Asuka: "Um, the first time we met, you said, ‘It’s not what it seems.’"
Asuka: "What exactly did you mean by that?"
Itsuki: "Hmm...?"
Miss Amato seems to consider this for a moment.
Itsuki: "Did I really say that?"
Asuka: "...Oh."
There had seemed to be so much meaning behind those words, and yet she doesn’t even remember saying it?
Itsuki: "Oh, it’s just one of those things I say. I’m not a very honest person."
Asuka: "That can’t be a very good personality trait..."
Itsuki: "Yeah, so don’t worry about it. I’m sure I didn’t mean anything by it."
Asuka: "...Okay."
I had forgotten as well, so I guess there’s no reason to be bothered. I’m not a very honest person.’ But, that time at the training room , when she had said to Miss Takeda, "I have eyes for no one but you."
I felt like she was being honest then. If she’s a liar that will only tell the truth when she’s with her lover, well, that’s actually kinda hot. —Anyway.
Sakuya: "~♪!"
I hear Miss Takeda’s voice. From far off, she is humming to herself quietly. I look down the hallway and see Miss Takeda exiting her dorm room, unaware of us. Noticing this, Miss Amato says, "Ah, here she is."
Itsuki: "I’ll see you, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Miss Amato waves at me and walks away. I nod and begin to head back to my room.......? I suddenly feel as if I’m being watched, and turn around.
Itsuki: "—"
Miss Amato is looking at me, a smile playing on the corner of her lips. It is a mischievous smile that seems to be plotting something. Then, she softly moves her lips. "It’s not what it seems."
Asuka: (...What isn’t?)
The truth about whether she might be cheating or not? Or the fact that she isn’t very honest? Or maybe she’s referring to the nickname Dummy Girl? ...No, I doubt that’s the case. I want to ask her, but Miss Amato immediately turns and follows after Miss Takeda.
Asuka: "D-damn it, I don’t get it..."
If Nao was here she would warn me about my language. But Miss Amato’s actions are too much of a mystery to me. Most likely, I shouldn’t let her words get to me. Deciding not to return to my room, I walk towards the entrance and watch the two of them leave.
Sakuya: "~♪!"
I can faintly hear Miss Takeda’s playful humming. I hadn’t known she could be playful like that. It’s a little unexpected, honestly. But, well...
Asuka: "I guess it’s different when you’re going on a date with your lover."
Miss Takeda is walking by the dormitory with Miss Amato right behind her. They’re not walking side-by-side, neither are they too close or too far. The distance between them is that of two people who know each other well. They really paint a picture together... I think. No wonder they were chosen as the No. 1 couple in high school for three years in a row. Somehow, they seem to exist on another plane from me.
Nao: "Welcome home, sis."
Nao greets me with a smile.
Asuka: "Oh, Nao, it’s such a relief to see your smile..."
Nao: "Ahaha. What’s got into you suddenly, sis?"
Asuka: "Always stay the way that you are, Nao. Don’t disappear from my life."
Nao: "What happened to becoming independent from your little sister...?"
Nao teases, and I pretend not to have heard.
Nao: "Don’t worry, sis, I’ll always be your little sister. After all, I’m your miracle drug."
Asuka: "Nao."
Nao: "But I’ll be strict about making you study. For tomorrow."
Nao smiles.
Asuka: "Huh? Where did my relief go...?"
Damn.
====================scr00111.kgo====================
Kaede: "Alright, for today’s General Nursing Theory class—"
The next week, we have our first group work in class.
Kaede: "Group work is not just about studying as group."
Kaede: "Its goal is to help develop your communication skills, which will be vital for your work as a nurse ."
Kaede: "It is not just your communication with your patients that is important, but your communication with the other nurses and the doctors as well."
Kaede: "So please try to express yourself as clearly as possible, listen carefully, and consider the topics of study deeply."
Ms. Ohara continues.
Kaede: "Additionally, this summer vacation you will also undergo hospital training with the members of your group. So please, do your best to build teamwork."
She smiles as she gives us this important information.
Asuka: "Hospital training...!"
Training amongst real nurses at a real hospital. For us nursing students , this will be the most valuable experience we could have. There is the possibility that all the nurses would collapse and we would be left to protect the patients —!  Yeah, that probably won’t be happening. Even so, the jellyfish-ish part of me drifts in this daydream, causing my excitement to grow. After all, this is the workplace of my dreams. Literally. Well, in any case, teamwork between group members will be really important...
Kaede: "Alright, I’ll announce the groups."
Asuka: (Important—)
Machi & Michi: "Looking forward to working with all of you."
Asuka: "M-me too."
Nao: "My sister and I will do our best."
Itsuki: "Looking forward to it."
Sakuya: "Myself as well."
And so these are the six members of our group. I can feel the gazes of people from the other groups. They are envious...ish, but... But, seriously, come on.
Kaede: "Alright, today’s group subject is ‘changing nightclothes.’"
Kaede: "Talking about what exactly it means to the patient and how to go about doing it efficiently."
Kaede: "In our next class, you’ll have to make a speech, so use the training room for actual practice and make sure that everyone has their say."
Saying this, Ms. Ohara leaves the rest to us students. Umm... Machi Tatsumi and Michi Torii seem friendly enough--it appears they are already friends and seem happy to be in the group. Other than that, there is Miss Takeda, who seems to hate me, and Miss Amato, who is a complete mystery to me. Handling the both of them would probably be difficult even for Nao. So, yes, as the elder sister I’ll take the initiative and lead.
Asuka: (I must.)
I shoot my hand up in the air.
Asuka: "Well, we could start by introducing ourselves!"
Sakuya: "That isn’t necessary. We should already be aware of each other’s names."
Asuka: "R-right, of course!"
I receive the counter-punch full on. Miss Amato is grinning.
Asuka: (...Damn it...)
Nao: "Why don’t we first try applying it to ourselves and talking about it from that perspective? What do you think, sis?"
Nao offers tactfully. Good job, Nao.
Sakuya: "Applying it to ourselves?"
Nao: "We can talk about what we like to wear when we sleep and what, if someone were to change us, would we be most concerned about."
Itsuki: "That sounds like a good idea. In theory, for the first level-up, it’s always best to stay in the town you start in."
Asuka: "...I don’t really understand that example."
Sakuya: "You’re talking about gaming again, aren’t you? You were playing until so late last night."
Itsuki: "I prefer RPGs to hunting games."
Asuka: "...I have no idea what you’re talking about."
Sakuya: "Silence. You’re right, I agree that we should talk about our own preferences first."
Machi & Michi: "Me too!"
As if to confirm how well they get along, Miss Tatsumi and Miss Torii speak in unison.
Nao: "Alright, that’s settled."
Within the group, I see the invisible ‘Nao stocks’ rising.
Asuka: "...Mmm."
I let out a small grunt.
Asuka: "O-oh, what a coincidence. I was just thinking about saying the same thing. Looks like you got there first."
It’s my (bad) habit that I say things I shouldn’t at times like this.
Sakuya: "..."
She glares at me. (Eeek!)
Sakuya: "What I wear when I sleep. Well, I..."
A look of contemplation crosses Miss Takeda’s face. Remembering Miss Amato’s words, I panic slightly. Even though I know she had been joking. Perhaps noticing me acting oddly, Miss Takeda asks me suspiciously.
Sakuya: "...? And what’s the matter, Miss Osachi?"
Asuka & Nao: "Huh?"
Both Nao and I ask in unison. We are both ‘Miss Osachi,’ after all. Miss Takeda realizes this.
Sakuya: "Right, you’re sisters, so we’ll have to differentiate the two of you."
She looks thoughtful for a moment.
Sakuya: "‘Asuka.’"
My heart lets out a small leap, just by her saying my first name.
Asuka: "Um—"
Sakuya: "It can’t be helped. You can call me ‘Sakuya’ as well."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I’m fine with ‘Itsuki’ as well."
Asuka: "What about nicknames...?"
Sakuya: "...No nicknames."
Miss Takeda narrows her eyebrows....Does she consider nicknames to be childish?
Nao: "Well, sis, you know you can call me anything you like, but I do prefer Nao."
Perhaps sensing the tension or completely unaware of it, Nao blurts this out suddenly. Well played....So, what should I call Miss Takeda...?
Asuka: (Just ‘Sakuya’ ...)
Call her ‘Sakuya’ I... I can’t… Well, she’s saying that it’s alright.
Asuka: "Alright... but I’m not sure about first names only..."
It’ll require... some bravery on my part.
Asuka: "Maybe it might best to call you Miss Takeda for a little longer... ahaha..."
Sakuya: "No."
She ends my protest with a single word.
Asuka: "A-alright, then at least lets add Miss."
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya, Miss Itsuki... Nao."
Nao: "Great."
Sakuya: "—"
Nao grins, seeming oddly happy about something. Miss Takeda seems a little dissatisfied about the ‘Miss’ thing, but she says nothing. After all, she has her aura of ‘being above earthly concerns’ to think about. As for Miss Tatsumi and Miss Torii...
Machi & Michi: "Really, just call us by our first names."
Once again, they speak in unison and so, ultimately, we decide to call them with just their first names. Miss Takeda, now to be called Miss Sakuya, speaks up once again.
Sakuya: "What I wear when I sleep—"
Nao: "Yes."
Sakuya: "Well, I wear a dress. Not exactly the best wear for hospital life."
Itsuki: "With lace trim, by the way."
Asuka: "Whoa... a lacy dress... Very lady-like."
Itsuki: "She looks a bit out of place in the dorm, though she hasn’t seemed to notice herself. She is a Princess, after all."
Asuka: "I see..."
Sakuya: "You do know I can hear you. And, no, I don’t look out of place."
Itsuki: "Really? Well, I just wear whatever. Sometimes I sleep naked."
Asuka: "So you were talking about yourself."
In response to Miss Itsuki’s words, Machi and Michi let out squeals of delight. Well, they’re giving her the response she wants...
Nao: "Well, we have regular top and bottom pajamas. They’re matching, but in different colors."
In such a way, we talk about our nightwear and what we would do if we were hospitalized.
Asuka: "It feels strange to talk about pajamas seriously at school."
Sakuya: "It’s an important topic. Clothing is one of the basic necessities of life."
Sakuya: "Especially for a long-term patient , they’ll be wearing them for a long period of time."
Asuka: "Y-you’re right."
Sakuya: "...Haa..."
A sigh escapes Miss Sakuya’s lips. I’ve grown used to her exasperation with me.
Sakuya: "It talks about how to change nightwear in our textbook, but let’s discuss it between us instead of relying on that."
Miss Sakuya suddenly raises the bar for us with her statement.
Itsuki: "Right, it’s best not to rely on walkthroughs right off the bat."
Once again, Miss Itsuki seems to be making references to gaming.
Sakuya: "Alright, Asuka, you first."
Asuka: "Huhhh?"
Sakuya: "Why are you so surprised? Talk about what you consider to be the important points concerning changing nightwear."
Nao: "—Do your best, sis."
Nao quietly sends me a few words of encouragement. Pajamas, pajamas, what to pay attention to when changing the patient’s pajamas... It must be important to think of it from the patient’s perspective. If I were a patient , what would make me happy...? Alright.
Asuka: "One point would be... to compliment them!"
Sakuya: "—Huh?"
Asuka: "You might say something like, ‘That robe looks good on you’ or ‘Those pajamas are adorable’... Stuff like that."
...Huh?
Asuka: (What’s with the weird tension in the air...)
Sakuya: "One wrong word and it’ll sound more like sarcasm. Especially to someone who wears the same hospital nightwear every day."
Miss Sakuya responds coldly. Everyone seems to agree with this assessment. Machi and Michi are nodding.
Machi & Michi: "Yep, yep. They might take it as sarcasm."
H-hey, aren’t you two a little too easily swayed...?
Nao: "But, amongst the patients there may be those who pay extra attention to their nightwear."
Nao: "To someone like that, receiving a compliment may make them happy and help them feel better."
Nao: "So, I think Asuka has a good point with her suggestion."
Nao’s support.
Asuka: (Ohh, thank you...) Incidentally, the points for changing nightwear mentioned in the textbook are a consideration of the patient’s privacy, and careful monitoring of the temperature of the room. Nowhere do they mention ‘complimenting the patient for having adorable pajamas.’ Even after that, whenever I would say anything, Miss Sakuya would sternly point out the flaws in my argument. Even during our group practice at the training room this continued. And continued—
====================scr00112.kgo====================
Asuka: "(Groan)..."
After school, I walk through the hallway like a zombie or a ghost.
Kaede: "Miss Osachi?"
From behind me I hear Ms. Ohara’s voice.
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara—"
Kaede: "What’s the matter? You don’t look too well. Did the group practice tire you out?"
Asuka: "Oh... yes... actually..."
Asuka: (Mostly my soul...)
—I swallow my words. Ms. Ohara watches me blankly.
Kaede: "???"
Ms. Ohara, the ‘ white-robed angel’— The nurse that I want to be just like. I don’t want someone like that to see me now in my worn out state. I look so uncool. But, was there ever a time that I was cool? Probably not.
Kaede: "Did group work not go so well?"
I shake my head ruefully.
Asuka: "Ahaha. It was pretty disastrous."
I laugh and Ms. Ohara smiles gently.
Kaede: "You’ve just started. I think you should just take it one step at a time."
Asuka: "You do...?"
Kaede: "Yes. As your teacher, I think you have lots of potential, Miss Osachi."
Ms. Ohara’s words warm my heart a little.
Asuka: "...I wonder if I can fulfill that potential."
Kaede: "You can. If you do your best."
Asuka: "I wonder if I can really become a nurse ."
Kaede: "You can. I’m sure of it."
Asuka: "I wonder if I can win the Nightingale Award ."
Kaede: "You ca... huh?"
Ms. Ohara looks surprised, and a little amused. I stare at her. Ms. Ohara says—
Kaede: "L-let’s just do our best. Alright, Miss Osachi?"
...I nod. And then I make my confession for the first time.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, you are my role model. I want to become a nurse just like you..."
The next second.
Kaede: "—"
Huh? Ms. Ohara’s expression seems to change for a split second... as if she were suppressing pain...?
Kaede: "I’m... not worth making a role model out of."
Asuka: "Huh, but..."
Perhaps in response to my confusion... Ms. Ohara explains gently.
Kaede: "During hospital training , Miss Osachi, you will meet many nurses ."
Kaede: "From amongst them, there are many nurses that are more worthy of being your role model... That’s what I meant."
Kaede: "Of course, I will also do my best to support you."
Ms. Ohara’s words help me better comprehend her meaning. However, I decide it’s for the best not to tell her that as far as I’m concerned, she’ll always be my role model.
Asuka: "Thank you, Ms. Ohara. I feel better."
Kaede: "Okay. Well then, I’ll see you tomorrow."
She grins. Flashing her angelic smile, Ms. Ohara walks away. Watching her from behind, I decide to try my best to follow in Ms. Ohara’s footsteps. Somewhere from within Ms. Ohara’s clothes, an envelope falls and flutters to the floor in front of my feet.
Asuka: "—?"
Pick it up. Read the words on the front.
Asuka: "...’Letter of Resignation’?"
Kaede: "It’s nothing!!!"
Asuka: "Huh!?"
She moves with lightning speed. Right after or perhaps even as I read the words, Ms. Ohara, who had walked away, appears in front of me again in a split second. She quickly takes back the envelope I had picked up. Huh? I don’t understand what’s going on. Notice of Resignation. Resignation. A declaration of her intent to quit her job. Her job as a nursing teacher.
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Ohara, are you going to quit...?"
Even as I cannot seem to fully grasp the situation, I feel my eyes begin to burn.
Kaede: "No!!!"
Ms. Ohara firmly denies the suggestion.
Asuka: "But... That..."
Ms. Ohara appears to want to put it away in her breast pocket immediately— But, as if resigning herself to the fact that I have seen it... she continues to hold the envelope in her hands. As I remain unable to say anything further, all I can do is feel my vision beginning to blur.
Kaede: "Th-th-th-this, this..."
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara..."
I remain unable to do anything but gaze at Ms. Ohara with watering eyes.
Kaede: "Mm..."
A small sound escapes Ms. Ohara’s lips.
Kaede: "This... I picked it up!!!"
Kaede: "Th-th-that’s right, yes, I found it on the ground and picked it up."
Kaede: "That’s all there is to it, nothing more. It’s not mine, so don’t worry about it."
Kaede: "Really, I wonder who this could belong to! There is no name on it, so I have no idea. Oh, dear me!"
Asuka: "Umm..."
Kaede: "So don’t tell anyone about this, okay?"
Ms. Ohara smiles. I remain in a daze.
Asuka: "Well—"
Kaede: "Don’t tell anyone. Please?"
Ms. Ohara smiles and smiles. And smiles. But... All at once, I feel a bulldozer-like rush of pressure from her. Okay... I won’t ...What would you do if I told someone?
Asuka: "Okay... I won’t."
Kaede: "......"
Ms. Ohara’s relief is palpable. I feel almost as if I could touch it with my hands.
Kaede: "Very well. In that case, everything is okay. Yes."
Asuka: "...What happens if I tell someone?"
Watching Ms. Ohara’s odd behavior, I can’t stop myself from asking. Ms. Ohara’s response is immediate.
Kaede: "—!!!"
Ms. Ohara’s posture stiffens rigidly as her face goes pale as a ghost—
Asuka: "N-not that I will tell anyone! I won’t!"
I frantically add this and Ms. Ohara’s rigid posture melts as her eyes grow slightly moist.
Kaede: "Really... you won’t?"
Asuka: "I won’t."
Kaede: "...Very well, if that’s the case... I’m sorry I acted so distraught."
Asuka: "It’s okay..."
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Ohara?"
Not fully understanding what’s going on, in the end, there is only one thing I want to confirm.
Kaede: "...Yes?"
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, you’re not quitting... are you?"
In response to my words, Ms. Ohara says.
Kaede: "—No, I’m not."
And there seems to be both laughter and something close to tears in her expression.
====================scr00113.kgo====================
One day at the end of May—
Nao: "I’m sorry, sis."
Nao, whom I usually always go home with after school, comes to me.
Nao: "The Anatomic Physiology teacher asked if I could help with something."
Nao: "I should’ve said I was busy, but..."
Asuka: "Don’t worry about it. Go on. You’ve always been popular with the teachers, Nao."
During high school, Nao’s popularity with the teachers was the stuff of legend... According to stories, it caused teachers to fight over her in the staff room. She was also popular with the older students, I recall.
Nao: "I’ll try to finish up and go home as fast as I can."
Asuka: "Okay."
Nao: "You have a fold-up umbrella with you, right? They say it might rain today."
Asuka: "It’s in here. See."
I slap my bag to show her. Outside the window I can see clouds have gathered. It looks like it might rain at any time, even though it’s still a little early for rainy season...
Asuka: "Alright, catch you later."
Nao: "Yeah, see you—"
Saying this, I step out of the classroom first. I turn around and see that Nao is watching me with a reluctant and somewhat lonely expression on her face.
Asuka: "—!"
I laugh and wave my hand to show her it’s alright. By the time I walk from the classroom to the front entrance, it has already started to rain. And with quite some force.
Asuka: "Ah, this isn’t rainy season rain."
There seems to be a wind as well, and the sky appears restless.
Asuka: "It looks like a storm’s coming—"
Not that I meant it metaphorically, but speak of the devil...
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: (Looks like the storm’s already here.)
Miss Sakuya is standing there at the front entrance, and my mind makes a mean little connection. If I told her, she’d get angry for sure. I’ll keep it a secret. Miss Sakuya glances over at me for only a second before looking forward again.
Sakuya: "Alright—"
She spreads open the umbrella in her hand and, not paying any heed to me, walks off into the rain.
Asuka: "Oh..."
Miss Sakuya is on her own as well. Miss Itsuki, whom she always goes home with, isn’t here today. But, I guess things like that happen—I don’t give it much thought as I take the fold-up umbrella out of my bag and open it. A small yawn escapes my lips. Recently, I haven’t been sleeping much... O-of course this is due to my studies. Of course. After all, I have my own live-in tutor in Nao...
Asuka: "Once I get home, maybe I’ll nap until Nao gets back."
Saying this, I step out into the rain.
Asuka: "Ohh—!?"
A harsh wind blows and carries my umbrella away from grasp, sending it floating into the air. It lands on the road in front of the school. A truck rushes across, running it over. Rest in peace, umbrella.
Asuka: "...Oh..."
I stare in a stunned daze. As the hard rain falls at an angle, I stand there for a while. Um, what just happened...? —Just then.
Sakuya: "What are you spacing out for?"
I hear Miss Sakuya’s accusing voice. Miss Sakuya walks over towards me. Then, grabbing my arm, she pulls me beneath the eaves of the main entrance.
Sakuya: "Idiot, you’re wet now."
Asuka: "A-ahaha... Um, you were watching?"
Sakuya: "Yes, starting from when you raised your voice. —What are you going to do?"
Asuka: "What am I going to do...?"
For a second, I don’t understand what she means. A small sigh escapes Miss Sakuya lips.
Sakuya: "—Come in here under my umbrella."
Asuka: (A-a-an invitation to share an umbrella...! From Miss Sakuya...!)
What an extraordinary turn of events. Accept her offer Don’t accept her offer
Asuka: "Oh... you do me a great honor!"
Deciding to take advantage of her offer, I bow my head deeply. Miss Sakuya narrows her eyebrows.
Sakuya: "Stop it. It’s just an umbrella."
...Is she blushing?
Asuka: "Oh, but no! You shouldn’t share your umbrella. Not with the likes of me!"
When I reflexively decline her offer, an odd silence falls on Miss Sakuya for a moment.
Sakuya: "......So what are you going to do?"
Asuka: "Um, well. I’ll run..."
Sakuya: "You’ll get drenched. And you might catch a cold."
Asuka: "Um, well..."
Sakuya: "Do you want me to be known as a woman who nonchalantly abandons her classmate in the rain to catch a cold?"
Sakuya: "—How considerate of you."
Asuka: "I-I’ll take you up on your offer then!"
Sakuya: "Honestly..."
Asuka: "Heheh. Ah... you saved me. Thanks."
Sakuya: "It was simply a matter of moral conscience."
Sakuya: "—? Asuka, come a little closer."
Asuka: "But, I’m already pretty wet. If I get any closer, you’ll get wet too, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Don’t make me say it again. Come here."
Prompted by Miss Sakuya, I draw closer to her. Our arms touch.
Sakuya: "—"
For a while, we walk in silence. Miss Sakuya doesn’t try to force conversation. The only sounds that enter my ears are the rain pounding on the umbrella and the occasional car driving by. Alone with Miss Sakuya. And at such a close distance, walking next to each other, in silence. The girl who, even if she doesn’t hate me... doesn’t particularly like me. I should be nervous.
Asuka: "...It’s odd. I’m totally fine..."
Sakuya: "Fine? About what?"
In response to my whisper, Sakuya asks this suspiciously. I shake my head from side to side.
Asuka: "It’s nothing. You’re not with her today."
Sakuya: "...? Oh, Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Yeah."
Sakuya: "It’s not like we’re together all the time. Today, a bunch of girls from class took her off somewhere."
Asuka: "Ah..."
Miss Itsuki really is popular. She had also been approached that time at our dorm— But Miss Sakuya doesn’t seem to be worried at all. I guess they trust each other. They are lovers after all.
Asuka: (Oh, Miss Sakuya’s hair smells good...)
Nursing students are discouraged from wearing perfumes or strong-smelling cosmetics. Apparently, it doesn’t matter much when you’re a student, but when you’re a nurse and you interact with patients , it is not very good manners to have a strong scent. So Miss Sakuya doesn’t seem to be using anything like that, but her hair still has a rich, intoxicating fragrance. Since she’s a high-class girl, I think about how she probably uses really good shampoo.
Sakuya: "How is school?"
Asuka: "Huh, oh... it’s difficult being a nursing student , isn’t it? It’s all studying, tests, and reports."
Sakuya: "It is. Even though we’re not doctors, we’ll be placed in positions where our patients’ lives will be in our hands, so that much is to be expected."
Sakuya: "There seems to be chronic shortage of nurses , but that doesn’t mean we can lower our standards."
Asuka: "I see..."
Sakuya: "You don’t really take anything seriously, do you?"
Asuka: "Th-that’s not true... ahem..."
Sakuya: "Then what did you mean when you said... you ‘don’t know’ why you want to become a nurse ?"
Asuka: "Oh... that. Well, will you promise not to laugh if I tell you?"
Sakuya: "I promise."
And so I tell her. About the career aptitude survey, about the picture book, and about the scribbling on the last page.
Asuka: "Has anything like that ever happened to you, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "Oh, sorry. Well, that’s never happened to me personally, but I can see how that might be the case for some people."
Sakuya: "But."
Asuka: "But?"
Sakuya: "But I think it’s rare for someone to actually follow that dream from there. It’s weird."
Asuka: "...You make me sound like a freak."
Sakuya: "I meant to."
Asuka: "Whaaat...?"
There is a composed expression on Miss Sakuya’s face. With the sound of the rain around us, there is something comforting about us conversing like this.
Asuka: "What about you, Miss Sakuya? I remember you saying, ‘This is what I was meant to do.’"
Sakuya: "I didn’t say it that dramatically."
Asuka: "But it kind of had that sort of impact. Like ‘boom!’"
Sakuya: "..."
Sakuya: "When I was small, there was a long period when I was hospitalized. During that time, the nurses there treated me well."
Asuka: "Oh, is that why? That’s a great story."
Sakuya: "It isn’t just that. But that is part of it."
Asuka: "I see."
I feel a sense of admiration for her. I turn my gaze ahead of us. Beyond the confines of our umbrella, I can see the rain clouds. The Girl who Chased Stars ’— Perhaps my next words are because I had talked about the world of stars in my picture book...
Asuka: "It doesn’t look like we’ll be able to see any stars tonight."
Sakuya: "You’re right. It’s too bad."
Asuka: "Hm, do you mean that you like stargazing, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "I don’t dislike looking at stars. Actually, I don’t think anyone really does."
Asuka: "...You’re probably right."
Sakuya: "Do you like looking at stars, Asuka?"
Asuka: "I do, but I don’t really go out of my way to look at them."
Sakuya: "...That’s odd. Why’s that?"
Asuka: "Oh, well, when I see them I always end up thinking about how far they are."
Sakuya: "Ah, I think I understand that."
Asuka: "Really!?"
Sakuya: "But that’s pretty normal."
Asuka: "Well, yeah, I know."
With a somewhat gloomy expression on my face, I look at Miss Sakuya. Her face is composed as always. I can’t help but think how beautiful she is. —’A star.’ That small star that I saw when I first met her. What had that been? Part of me wants to ask her, while another part thinks now is not the right time. We arrive at our dorm.
Asuka: "Thank you."
Sakuya: "You’re pretty wet. Hurry to your room and change."
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll do that."
Parting ways, I head to my room. Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki’s room is on a floor above ours, so she walks to the stairs and I walk over to in front of my door. Usually I leave locking and unlocking the door to Nao, so now I go to pull out my key that has hardly seen any use. I go to pull it out, but...
Asuka: "Huh? ...Huh, huh? It’s supposed to be in this small pocket—huh?"
It’s not there. It’s not in the place that it’s supposed to be. Did I drop it somewhere? Did I leave it in our room? When was the last time I used it?
Asuka: (...I have no idea...)
Stupid me for relying so much on Nao.
Asuka: "E-eep..."
What should I do? Just as I consider how this is a case of my ‘chickens coming home to roost’—
Sakuya: "Seriously... what are you doing?"
From a little distance off, near the front of the stairs, I hear Miss Sakuya’s voice. Perfectly and completely exasperated....That makes two of us. And so.
Sakuya: "—Hurry up and get inside."
Asuka: "Sorry to intrude..."
I hesitantly enter. In this manner, I step into Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki’s room. Once again stating that she can’t abandon me, I am invited by Miss Sakuya... or, more accurately, I am ordered by her to enter their room to dry myself. As we live in the same dorm, the basic structure of the room is the same as ours. But, of course, since it’s someone else’s room, the feel is different. It may be just my imagination, but there seems to be a scent of opulence in the air. Oh, there’s also a gaming console. Feeling bad about stepping into the room with wet feet, I stand near the entrance.
Sakuya: "I’ll lend you a towel. Hurry up and take off your clothes. You’ll catch a cold."
Saying this, Miss Sakuya brings her own bath towel along with an extra one. She holds it out to me. I take it. The bath towel seems to be of high quality. The moment I hold it, I can feel the difference in texture from my regular towel.
Sakuya: "—"
I look and see that Miss Sakuya has begun to swiftly undress. My presence does not seem to bother her in the slightest. Well, I guess that’s understandable.
Asuka: "Alright, thanks for lending it to me."
I begin to remove my clothes. I consider what to do with the clothes I remove, but decide to just let them fall to my feet for now. I dry my body with the bath towel... its absorption qualities are amazing. I want it. And, most likely, it’ll cost me an arm and a leg. As I dry my body, I cast a glance towards Miss Sakuya. The outline of her body in profile... Her breathtakingly white skin... What can I say?
Asuka: "..."
I can’t help myself from admiring it.
Sakuya: "—! What? Don’t stare."
The accusation in Miss Sakuya’s voice brings me back to myself.
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya, you have beautiful skin."
I tell her with heartfelt admiration. Miss Sakuya’s cheeks flush slightly and she puts on her nightwear as if to quickly hide her skin. I hope she’s not too wary of me now. Ah, her lacy dress.
Sakuya: "Stop saying weird things. Here, I’ll bring you a shirt."
Asuka: "Huh, no. Don’t bother."
Sakuya: "Do you plan on returning to your room like that? It’s not like you can wear your wet clothes."
Asuka: "But... that’s what I planned on doing."
Having her lend me her clothes seems to be going a little too far.
Sakuya: "I won’t allow that. Be quiet and wait here."
Miss Sakuya says this as if to scold me, then she walks over to her closet. I wait where I stand, somehow feeling jittery. Then, Miss Sakuya opens the closet door and takes out a single shirt. She walks over to me, as I stand near the entrance, and holds out the shirt to me. It’s a thin, classy blouse. It must belong to Miss Sakuya.
Sakuya: "Put this on. I’ll get something for you to wear underneath—"
Saying this, Miss Sakuya thrusts it out to me.
Asuka: "Thank you."
I take a step forward and reach out my hand. I feel a cold sensation beneath my feet. It is my wet clothes that I had dropped onto the floor. My jacket. I’m slipping. My feet are slipping.
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Losing my balance, I use all the strength in my feet to try and stop myself. It has the opposite effect. I end up kicking my wet jacket into the air with my foot and my body falls forward into Miss Sakuya’s arms— I fall.
Sakuya: "Eeek..."
Clutching onto each other, we tumble to the floor.
Asuka: "—"
Hitting my hip, for a moment I feel a throbbing pain. But such thoughts quickly flee my mind. When I realize it, her face is at an incredibly close distance to mine. I swallow nervously. I find myself lying completely on top of her... as if I had pushed her down. We are so close I can see my own reflection in her eyes. I can hear her breathing. It’s so close I can almost touch it.
Asuka: (Ah...)
For a short moment, I cannot think of anything. My mind is blank. As if I had been shot out into outer space. Weightless?
Asuka: (I’m close.)
I can reach out my hand.
Asuka: (—I can reach the star.)
—No.
Asuka: (But—)
I don’t know how long I remained like that, but I suddenly return to my senses.
Asuka: (Huh, what was I thinking...?)
Then, even as I think this, I begin to comprehend my situation....With all my strength, I have pushed down Miss Sakuya. And I’m continuing to hold her down. Not only that—It appears as I’m trying to force her to kiss me. I-it’s an unfortunate accident. But of course, I doubt there’s anyway Miss Sakuya will forgive me. Will she kill me? (Panic.)
Sakuya: "—"
Miss Sakuya’s mouth begins to make small movements. I cannot hear what she is saying at all. A scolding? Verbal abuse? A death sentence? Then, for some reason, a translucent expression appears on Miss Sakuya’s face.
Sakuya: "—How forceful."
I feel a slight sense of nostalgia.
Asuka: (Huh, what am I thinking!?)
Asuka: "Oh, I’m sor—"
My body is freed from its rigor in response to Miss Sakuya’s words, and I try to separate our bodies. Simultaneously, there’s the sound of the door opening. And, who else would choose this moment to enter but...
Itsuki: "Oh, whoops—hmm."
Her voice is immediately amused. To make matter worse.
Nao: "Sis... you’re on top of Miss Sakuya..."
Enter Nao. Why???
Itsuki: "I’ll tell you this, my dear Sakuya doesn’t come cheaply."
Sakuya: "Umm... Can you refrain from referring to your own girlfriend as if she were for sale?"
Miss Sakuya seems completely calm. Impressive as always. What a grown-up.
Nao: "...What can I do with you? Sis, you’ve turned into a bad girl..."
No, this is a misunderstanding!
Sakuya: "I really don’t care, but, Asuka, can you remove your hand from my breast?"
Asuka: "Huh, wh-wha!"
I’ve been caught red-handed. Afterwards, returning to our room.
Nao: "Yeah, well I figured that was the case."
From the start... It appears Nao had basically understood what had happened. With a single glance. As for my key, it had fallen onto the floor near the side of our beds.
Asuka: "I’ll make sure... not to forget it from now on..."
Nao: "Heh. Please do so. Sis, you must be cold. I’ll make some tea."
Nao goes to the kitchen.
Asuka: "Oh, but why were you with Miss Itsuki?"
Nao: "We just happened to be heading home at the same time."
Nao: "Since we’re in the same group and all, we ended up chatting on our way back."
Nao: "Miss Itsuki told me she had a book that might be helpful, so I went to their room to borrow it."
Asuka: "Ah..."
It all makes sense now. Nao talks as she boils the water.
Nao: "Oh, but she really is a tough one."
Asuka: "Wow, she must be to make you say something like that, Nao. I honestly can’t read her at all."
Nao: "I know, right?"
And so, as we wait for the tea to finish— We let the time pass with Nao talking about Miss Itsuki and me talking about Miss Sakuya....The warm tea works amazingly on my cold body.
====================scr00114.kgo====================
June. The rainy season is a dreary time. Light rain falls outside the window.
Kaede: "—And so, it is ideal to take blood pressure measurements every day."
Kaede: "Especially for patients staying at the hospital, taking vitals , including blood pressure, is a must—"
Asuka: "...Oh, here it comes."
It happens during our class on blood pressure measurement in the training room .
Asuka: (I guess I’m gonna have to go through it this year, too.)
To be honest, I’m fed up. The onset of a headache. It’s still alright, but I can feel it’ll probably begin around the end of class. I consider how long I have had this problem. These light headaches that come every year during rainy season. I’ve heard stories about how it has something to do with the change in barometric pressure—
Asuka: "...Once we get home, I’ll ask Nao to do her ‘magic charm’ on me."
The ‘healing forehead’ we had talked about once while we were in bed. Remembering this, I laugh slightly. Nao, who had gone to Ms. Ohara to ask a question, looks at me and cocks her head.
Nao: "Sis?"
I shake my head to tell her that it’s nothing.
Nao: "—Oh, the headaches?"
Asuka: "Perceptive. Yeah, once we get home I may put in a request for your ‘healing forehead.’"
Nao: "Yeah, leave it to me."
Nao also lets out a small laugh. The rainy season is gloomy and I dislike headaches, but I like having Nao do her magic charm on me. —Nao is my miracle drug. The first time I had said that to Nao was a very long time ago. Even with my bad memory, I remember it clearly. I won’t forget that precious moment.
Sakuya: "Itsuki, do it a little tighter."
Itsuki: "Like this?"
Sakuya: "That’s too tight. There’s no room for the stethoscope to fit."
Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki are practicing on a sphygmomanometer separate to ours.
Itsuki: "There needs to be two fingers worth of space, right?"
Sakuya: "Yes, and the position where you wrap the manchette needs to be a little—"
Itsuki: "Ah, yeah it’s probably better lower. Got it."
Asuka: (They really get along well.)
—Ever since that day, I find my eyes following Miss Sakuya unconsciously. Drizzling rain falls outside the window, its sound not reaching inside the classroom. And so, the sound of rain in my head is that of the day I had walked home with Miss Sakuya.
Kaede: "—No matter how well they look, we can learn about problems within their body by the slightest change in temperature or blood pressure."
Kaede: "Some patients may wonder why you have to keep taking their vitals when they hardly change from day to day..."
Kaede: "It is your job to explain it to them and make them understand."
Ms. Ohara’s voice wafts through classroom like peaceful music. "Ms. Ohara, you’re not quitting... are you?"
"—No, I’m not."
Since then, Ms. Ohara has shown no sign of acting different.
Asuka: "I wonder what happened to that envelope..."
Asuka: "Alright then, Nao."
After school. We have returned to our room. The ceremony for the magic charm begins with us sitting on our knees, facing each other. I first sit on my knees on the floor and wait for Nao. The room is quiet. My head throbs slightly. The rain has grown stronger and even in our room you can hear it softly now.
Nao: "Okay. Just a sec."
Nao, who had been washing dishes in the kitchen, wipes her hands and walks over.
Nao: "Sorry to keep you waiting."
Saying this, Nao sits on her knees so close to me that our kneecaps are basically touching.
Asuka: "I put myself in your hands."
I make this dramatic pronouncement and bow my head. Nao lets out a small laugh.
Nao: "I wonder how many times this makes it."
Asuka: "Mmm, well, there were years where two or three times wasn’t enough..."
Nao: "—Sis?"
Nao speaks in a low voice that has a slightly mischievous ring to it.
Asuka: "...? What is it, Nao?"
Nao: "Why don’t we try changing positions this time?"
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Even as she says this, Nao takes my hands and pulls me towards herself. Slowly, she falls onto her back. With my hands being pulled, I fall forward, until naturally—
Nao: "—"
I end up in a position where I could be said to be covering or pinning down Nao as she lies on the floor.
Asuka: "...Nao?"
She is under my body. Nao looks up at me. The look in her eyes suggests she wants to say something. Although the magic charm hasn’t even started yet, for a moment, I forget all about my headache. I can feel Nao’s body heat where our skin touches. Nao’s body temperature has always been higher than mine and so, apparently, summer has never been her favorite season....Huh? Maybe body temperature didn’t have anything to do with it. Nao opens her mouth.
Nao: "If we put our foreheads together now... it might be like we’re kissing."
Asuka: "Yeah. It might."
Nao: "Why don’t we do it then, sis. A kiss between sisters. Before the magic charm."
Asuka: "That may not be the best idea."
Of course, it doesn’t make me feel unpleasant in any way. Nao lets out a small laugh.
Nao: "Yeah. You’re right."
For some reason, Nao’s eyes seem slightly moist. No way! I can’t do that! Maybe I should…
Asuka: (Well, I guess I wouldn’t mind if we did it...)
I think this... As if my consciousness were being sucked away to somewhere else. After all, no part of me resists the idea of kissing Nao.
Asuka: (A kiss with my younger sister—)
Asuka: (It’s wrong for sisters to kiss.)
My feelings of it being wrong... And my feelings of wanting to try it mix together. —Well, I am the older sister.
Asuka: (And Nao is my dear younger sister...)
Nao’s hand reaches out towards my head. As if to examine the headache. As if to embrace my head. Nao’s hand touches my hair and it tickles slightly. There is a static energy between the two of us, almost like something magnetic.
Asuka: (—I’m being pulled towards her.)
Then, Nao says—
Nao: "...Oink."
Her hand moves towards the tip of my nose and her index finger prods my nose up slightly. I am now sporting a piggy nose.
Asuka: "Huh?"
Nao lets out a giggle.
Nao: "I’m kidding. Just trying a new approach, sis."
Speaking playfully, she sits up. Huh? Dazed, I follow her lead and sit up as well.
Nao: "Alright then, sis. Let’s do the magic charm. Here we go."
As she says this, Nao has already returned to her usual self.
Nao: "Alright, give me your forehead."
Asuka: "Um, okay."
Obediently, I extend my forehead towards Nao. Nao also leans her body forward and brings her forehead towards mine. Our foreheads touch. I close my eyes. I can hear the sound of the rain again, and her voice.
Nao: "Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam—"
Nao’s voice, as she says the magic charm.
Asuka: (I wonder what that was all about before.)
Thinking such thoughts, I have a hard time concentrating on the magic charm. But it is still just as effective. Nao has done it again. Whenever I need it, Nao is my miracle drug.
Asuka: "I wonder if I rely on you too much."
After the magic charm finishes, I mutter these words, and Nao grins.
Nao: "Well, I am your ‘Sweet Sister’."
Sweet...? Don’t I know it. Nao serves us homemade panna cotta for our afternoon snack. She said she made it in five minutes, but I’m impressed by the quality. It’s sweet and...
Asuka: "I see. It tastes like you, Nao..."
It makes sense. I am impressed. Nao blushes slightly.
====================scr00115.kgo====================
—That day, a storm comes. Oh, no, the weather outside is the usual cloudy rainy season sky. No, the storm is caused by Ms. Ohara’s words at school... in the training room .
Kaede: "Alright, for today’s Basic Nursing Skills class, we’ll be doing bedpan training."
Murmurs course throughout the classroom. There was even something like a cry of dismay. Truly a storm.
Kaede: "Amongst the hospitalized patients , there will be those who cannot leave their beds and must use a bedpan."
Kaede: "For a nurse , assisting in the use of bedpans from beginning to end is an important part of the job."
Kaede: "To understand the psychology behind what your patients go through, today all of you will experience using the bedpan."
Ms. Ohara flashes her angelic smile.
Asuka: (...We’re going to have to pee in bed...!)
Kaede: "Alright then, everyone, let’s begin preparing."
And in an environment where our classmates are close by.
Asuka: "...Ohhhhh..."
I cry out faintly in a stunned voice.
Nao: "I heard there would be classes like this... but it really is embarrassing."
Machi & Michi: "No, I don’t wanna do it!"
Sakuya: "We have to. This is an important class. But... it is pretty daunting, isn’t it."
Miss Sakuya mutters in a very serious voice.
Itsuki: "But, Princess, you’ve been hospitalized in the past, so you’ve done it before, right?"
Sakuya: "This is different. When you’re surrounded by all your classmates it’s obviously another matter—"
Itsuki: "You think?"
Sakuya: "What, so you’re saying that you’re okay with it?"
Itsuki: "Well, last night I imagined the scenario 100 times in my mind, so I think I should be used to it."
Sakuya: "...For that matter, I did the same thing..."
...And so, so we receive an explanation of exactly how the training will go down... It turns out, we won’t actually be having to pee in bed with our classmates watching. (What a relief.) The curtains of each individual bed will be closed and the student will lie down on the bed alone. Then...  Removing their underwear,  they’ll place the bedpan between their legs. And then, they’ll just let it flow...
Kaede: "Alright, Miss Asuka Osachi, we’ll start this bed with you please.."
Asuka: "O-okay!"
Designated by Ms. Ohara, there’s nowhere for me to run.
Nao: "Sis, good luck! It’s just peeing!"
Asuka: "Y-y-yeah."
Receiving this form of encouragement from Nao, I awkwardly pass the curtain and walk to the bed. I lie down.
Asuka: "I-I know that no one is watching me, but..."
Asuka: (Relax, relax. Yes, all you need to do is not think about anything and just pee—)
Asuka: (Argh, I can’t!!! Even if the curtain is covering me, they might hear the tinkling sound.)
Asuka: (I might even break wind! I can’t relax at all...)
Around me, the training room is not buzzing with voices, but there is an odd tension in the air.
Asuka: (I have to pee—)
The more I think that I need to, the less I can. Times continues to pass and I can hear the voices from the other beds of those who finished. Voices saying things like, "That was tiring"
and "It’s emotionally draining."
But, they have finished and are moving on to the next students.
Asuka: (I-I-I need to hurry up!)
Kaede: "The bed next to you is open. Miss Takeda, please use that one."
Sakuya: "Yes, Ms. Ohara."
I hear Miss Sakuya’s voice. It’s because I’m taking forever.
Asuka: (Ohh, but this is something I do every day...)
I had no idea that just by the environment changing, it could become so difficult. In the end... I cannot bring myself to pee and Ms. Ohara says...
Kaede: "That bed over there is taking too long. Miss Osachi, please switch."
Hearing that voice, I get out of the bed. Stepping out from the curtain, I see that Miss Sakuya has already finish and returned. Maybe all her visualization had worked. Nao is also standing there with a worried look on her face.
Nao: "—Sis."
I smile in an attempt to hide my blushes.
Asuka: "Nah, I couldn’t do it. A bed is no place to pee."
Kaede: "For those who couldn’t do it, just remember that the patient also feels that amount of resistance."
Sakuya: "...Well, there you go, Asuka."
Asuka: "...Yeah."
====================scr00116.kgo====================
On one fair-weather weekend during rainy season—
Asuka: "—Oh, it’s Miss Itsuki."
Nao: "Huh?"
Nao and I had gone near the station to shop. When we arrive back at the dormitory we see her there. She is standing a little inside the thicket near the dormitory.
Itsuki: "— —"
Miss Itsuki appears to be talking to someone on her smartphone .
Asuka: "???"
There is an expression on her face that I have never seen before. Serious... grave? I can’t hear what she’s saying from where we’re standing. I wonder who she’s talking to.
Itsuki: "...?"
Miss Itsuki notices our presence and says something into her smartphone , before ending the call. She raises one of her hands and approaches us from the thicket.
Nao: "Hello, Miss Itsuki."
Itsuki: "Hey there, Osachi sisters. Did you just see that?"
Asuka: "Yeah. You were on the phone."
Itsuki: "Yep, I was talking about—well, something that I don’t want the Princess to know about."
The Princess refers to Miss Sakuya. She says this meaningfully, but I can’t take her at face value. After all, this is Miss Itsuki that we’re talking about.
Itsuki: "Did you two hear what I was saying?"
Nao: "We couldn’t hear all the way over here. We were pretty far."
Itsuki: "Ah, well that’s a relief."
Asuka: "A relief?"
Itsuki: "If you had heard, I would have to do that to you, you know."
Asuka: "That!? What is ‘that’!?"
Itsuki: "That is that. I would have had to use that to do that to you. That person I was talking to doesn’t mess around."
Asuka: "Eep..."
Nao: "Sis. Miss Itsuki, you shouldn’t say things like that."
Itsuki: "Oops."
Nao breaks the tension. Miss Itsuki shrugs her shoulders apologetically.
Itsuki: "—Anyway, it was just a friend. We just had a bit of an argument."
She says, as if the topic no longer interests her.
====================scr00117.kgo====================
The end of June. I am relieved upon hearing on the TV that this year the rainy season will end earlier than last year. On one particular day— I first notice ‘it’ during the morning Basic Nursing Skills training.
Asuka: "...?"
Nao: "Sis? What’s the matter?"
Asuka: "Oh, nothing."
I shake my head to say that it’s nothing. But—
Asuka: "......"
‘It’ continued even into the afternoon.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Going home, I walk next to Nao.
Asuka: "......"
Nao: "Sis, what’s on your mind? You’ve been acting odd today."
Asuka: "Oh... well, the thing is..."
I abruptly stop walking.
Asuka: "—!"
I spin around to look behind me. Then, I continue to eye my surroundings.
Asuka: "...Hmm, maybe it’s just my imagination."
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Oh... haha, I just somehow feel like somebody has been watching me all day."
Nao: "Huh?"
Nao looks surprised.
Asuka: "Well, I’m not sure. Maybe it was just my imagination."
I flap my hand as if to wave off the notion....It’s true, though, that for a while I’ve had the sense that someone has been watching me closely. If I told this to most people, they would say I was just imagining things, but—
Nao: "—"
Not Nao. She lowers her voice with a worried expression on her face.
Nao: "Do you think it could be... a stalker ?"
A stalker . Even though a similar thought had crossed my mind, I hadn’t been able to say the word. I had thought going there would be overthinking things.
Asuka: "Oh, come on. I mean, I can’t think of why anyone would stalk me."
Nao: "Huh, but—"
Asuka: "I could understand if that happened to someone like Miss Itsuki or Miss Sakuya."
I consider how they probably have passionate fans... especially Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: "No one would think of me that way. Besides, I’m not that attractive."
Nao: "That’s not true!"
Asuka: "Huh, Nao?"
Nao suddenly raises her voice, frightening me.
Nao: "You’re very attractive to me, sis."
Asuka: "...Um, th-thank you?"
I blush slightly.
Nao: "If we weren’t living together, I would definitely be your personal stalker, sis."
Asuka: "Um, okay..."
Nao: "I would!"
Nao is suddenly acting stubborn. Um... Fr-from what I remember, this wasn’t what we originally were talking about, but... in any case, it takes quite some time to restore Nao’s mood. In the end, for some reason, I’ve even promised her that we’ll sleep in the same bed tonight. Nao is smiling with satisfaction—and I’m not entirely sure how things ended up this way. Even as this goes on, the entire time I continue to feel as if someone is watching me from somewhere. We return to our dorm. Later that night. —Tonight, there is a beautiful starry sky.
Nao: "Alright, sis, dinner is ready! Today is meat and potato stew."
Asuka: "Yay! I love it!"
Nao: "With tons of extra carrots."
Asuka: "Aww. I hate carrots."
Nao laughs dryly in response to the declaration of my hatred for the vegetable.
Nao: "You have to eat them all up. Besides, they’ve got tons of nutrients in—"
Nao’s words abruptly finish at an odd point. Huh?
Nao: "Them!"
Nao quickly turns and rushes to the window before throwing the curtains open. And then...
Nao: "...I knew it."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Nao: "Sis, that feeling you had of being watched... I think it was that."
Saying this, she points outside the window. Nao asks me if she wants me to go with her, but I tell her it’s alright.
Asuka: "—"
I step out alone to the front of the dorm. I recognize who it is immediately. In the shadow of the electricity pole, dressed in a white uniform . She is crouching down as if to hide herself, but doing a horrible job of it. Nao had said she ‘felt someone was watching our room’... but that’s an understatement of how sharp she had been.
Asuka: "—Ehem."
I clear my throat quietly, drum up my courage and call out to her.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara!"
Kaede: "Eeek!?"
In a strangled voice of surprise, the person wearing the white uniform spins around towards me....Why is she wearing her white uniform ? For a moment, such puzzling thoughts cross my mind.
Kaede: "O-oh, Miss Osachi. And how is your homework coming along?"
Ms. Ohara gives me a smile. Her angelic smile. It is most definitely Ms. Ohara who is there. Wearing her white uniform , nurse’s cap , and her smile, I am filled with admiration for this ‘ideal nurse ’ standing in front of me— Putting aside the fact that she’s hiding suspiciously in the shadow of an electricity pole near our dorm. But not even I can put that aside.
Kaede: "U-um... well, I’ll be off then. I’ll see you at the academy tomorrow."
Ms. Ohara spins around and attempts to walk off. What is she doing here and at this time of night? —Then, even with my horrible memory, I recall what might make Ms. Ohara so interested in what I was doing.
Asuka: "This is about the envelope, isn’t it!"
Kaede: "Huh! Eeek!"
In her surprise, Ms. Ohara nearly topples over. Oops. I’ve come to the roof of the academy with Ms. Ohara. The lights of the city. The closeness of the sky.
Asuka: "Oh, this is my first time here on the roof. It’s beautiful!"
Kaede: "...M-Miss Osachi?"
Ms. Ohara says my name, and I turn around. I felt a little awkward talking in front of my dorm... so I told Ms. Ohara that we should talk somewhere private. She had brought me here. Ms. Ohara seems fidgety. I am filled with questions such as why she is wearing her white uniform , but right now there are more important matters. The envelope from that day. The one that had ‘Letter of Resignation’ written on it, and which she had told me not to tell anyone about... The envelope that belongs to someone who isn’t Ms. Ohara (as we had both agreed to believe).
Asuka: "I haven’t told anyone about the envelope. No one... After all, I promised."
That is the only thing I could think of that might be worrying Ms. Ohara. But, I do feel a little sad. After all, this means that she hadn’t trusted me when I had promised her I wouldn’t tell anyone.
Kaede: "Oh, yes... I knew you wouldn’t, really."
Ms. Ohara nods, but her expression seems to say otherwise. She does not seem convinced.
Asuka: (She doesn’t trust me.)
Asuka: "Um, but, can I ask one thing?"
Kaede: "Wh-what?"
Asuka: "...I was just wondering why you waited until today."
It has been three weeks since I made that promise to Ms. Ohara. During that time, Ms. Ohara had been completely normal... In fact, it had been enough to make me wonder what had happened to the envelope. Why had she waited until today to try and (in the loosest of terms) stalk me?
Kaede: "W-well..."
Ms. Ohara falls silent.
Asuka: "Actually, I was a little shocked—"
"A little"
is actually an understatement. I gaze directly at Ms. Ohara and she seems to resign herself a little. She speaks in a small voice.
Kaede: "...A dream..."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Kaede: "...I had... a dream..."
Asuka: "A dream...?"
Kaede: "Yes. You made me a promise that day, and I thought you were the type of girl who wouldn’t break a promise."
Kaede: "But last night, I had a dream. In my dream you had told the academy about my envelope and I..."
Kaede: "...I was crucified and burned at the stake for it in the staff room."
Asuka: (Wow, that suddenly got really dramatic!)
Kaede: "And so, ever since I woke up this morning, I’ve been so worried—"
It’s easy to say it’s just a dream, but Ms. Ohara looks honestly worried. Is it that much of a problem to have your employer find out that you were thinking of quitting? The world of grownups is scary. But, then...
Asuka: "So that envelope did belong to you... Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "........."
Kaede: ".........No, I just picked it up."
Asuka: (Huhh...)
Ms. Ohara uses this opportunity to deny it again....Well, if she’s fine with that then so am I.
Kaede: "Um, that is..."
Nervously, Ms. Ohara glances at me. Ms. Ohara really does look good in her white uniform . Such unrelated thoughts cross my mind. But, even after having thought it over, the only thing I can say remains the same. The same thing I had said that day after school.
Asuka: "I won’t tell anyone. I won’t say anything about the envelope."
Kaede: "Miss Osachi—"
Asuka: "So please don’t worry about it... That’s all I can say. I want you to be at peace."
I tell her from the bottom of my heart. I really don’t care who the envelope belonged to. I just want her not to worry anymore.
Kaede: "— —"
Ms. Ohara gazes directly at me and I gaze directly back at her. Tonight the stars are beautiful in the night sky. The sky is filled with stars. Stars from a world far, far away.
Asuka: (I think Ms. Ohara is like a star to me—)
This is even regardless of the fact that Ms. Ohara may quit her job at the academy.
Asuka: "—"
Kaede: "—"
The cold night breeze sweeps across and Ms. Ohara and I shiver simultaneously.
Asuka & Kaede: "...!"
We look at each other and let out a small laugh. The tension ebbs away slightly.
Asuka: "Um, it’s cold out here. Maybe we should go back in."
Saying this, I attempt to head into the school building first. I walk towards the door. —Just then. Grip!
Asuka: "Huh...?"
She clutches my hand from behind. Ms. Ohara’s hand around mine. I turn around.
Kaede: "—No."
Ms. Ohara has a driven look on her face.
Kaede: "I still can’t be sure."
Asuka: "Huhhhhh—!?"
I am astounded.
Kaede: "..."
Asuka: "But we’d come to an understanding!"
Kaede: "I’m sorry, I’m sorry. But... I..."
Ms. Ohara’s head droops apologetically. Somehow it reminds me of a small child. Well, if I had had a dream of being crucified and burned at the stake, I might react similarly. But, but, that being said...
Asuka: "Um, but, well, what can I do—?"
All of this is beyond me now. If Nao were here, she might have been able to come up with a good idea, but she isn’t. I consider how she may be worrying about me in our room right now.
Kaede: "......"
Asuka: "......"
Kaede: "......"
Asuka: "......"
Kaede: "......"
Asuka: "......"
Ms. Ohara and I remain silent for a while. The sky is filled with stars. Star from a distant, distant world. A perfect night sky to gaze at with someone you admire— Ms. Ohara speaks into the silence. Even in the darkness of the night, I can see her cheeks flush red.
Kaede: "...If you also told me a secret that you can’t tell anyone else, Miss Osachi... it might help me find peace."
Asuka: "Huhhhhh!?"
This is my second accentuated ‘huh’ of the night. I consider how absurd this is, but Ms. Ohara is serious... It appears this is the only solution she can think of. But, come on. Um, um, um. Um...
Kaede: "Urk..."
Ms. Ohara looks downtrodden....Um... Tell her a secret Don’t tell her a secret
Asuka: (...Ah, well, I can’t...)
I do have a secret that I can’t tell anyone and don’t want anyone to find out about. But...
Asuka: (B-b-b-but, it’s really a secret that I can’t tell anyone...!!!)
Am I really going to tell her? Am I? Tell her a secret Don’t tell her a secret
Asuka: (Aww... seriously...)
Kaede: "......"
Ms. Ohara is looking at me with imploring eyes. Those eyes—
Asuka: "Mmm...."
Asuka: (Am I really, really, really, really... going to tell her?)
Tell her a secret Don’t tell her a secret I’ve reached my decision...
Asuka: (...Well, if that’ll help Ms. Ohara feel at peace, then—)
I surrender and brace myself for the worst. I had never thought I would divulge this secret under such beautiful stars, but... I return Ms. Ohara’s gaze directly and confidently.
Asuka: "Very well. I will tell you."
Kaede: "...!"
Ms. Ohara’s expression suddenly brightens. There is no laughter in my expression.
Asuka: "But, you must never ever tell anyone and you must not laugh."
Kaede: "...I promise."
Ms. Ohara swallows and nods with a serious expression on her face. I take a small breath.
Asuka: "Alright, I’ll tell you now. The truth is, I—!"
I tell her. And then.
Asuka: "......"
Kaede: "......Oh."
Returning back inside the school building, Ms. Ohara and I enter the toilet... and emerge right away. She had been able to confirm my secret confession as the truth, but... I’m blushing furiously now. There seems to be a look of admiration on Ms. Ohara’s face.
Kaede: "But, you don’t need to worry about it."
Kaede: "People’s hair grows at different rates... There’s nothing embarrassing about an adult without hair in certain areas—"
Asuka: "Ohhh."
Kaede: "There is definitely a possibility that it’ll still grow, you know?"
Asuka: "Ohhhhh."
Ms. Ohara, your words of encouragement sting. However, enduring the embarrassment and sacrificing my pride as my final trump card seems to have paid off... Ms. Ohara appears to have managed to calm down... Yes, I’m glad for that. Sincerely. After all, that was the most important thing— I walk next to Ms. Ohara in the night air, down my usual road to and from the academy.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, I’ll be fine from around here. I can get home on my own."
Kaede: "But it’s late—"
Asuka: "I’ll be alright. Besides, my dorm is close."
I stop walking and Ms. Ohara stops as well.
Kaede: "Um, you know, Miss Osachi..."
Asuka: "I’ll be alright. Don’t worry. I hope you get home safely too, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "...Yes, y-you’re right. Um, about tomorrow—"
Asuka: "Yes, I’ll be my usual self. I hope you will be too, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "—Okay."
Ms. Ohara smiles bashfully and gives me a small nod.
Asuka: (—Ms. Ohara really is adorable.)
I can’t help myself from thinking this. Because... I really do adore her. Oh no, I can hardly be my usual self anymore.
Asuka: (But, I guess it’s fine. After all, it’s not tomorrow yet—)
Kaede: "It’s not tomorrow yet, is it?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
My inner voice and Ms. Ohara’s voice echo each other, leaving me surprised. Then...
Kaede: "—"
Ms. Ohara brushes my bangs aside with her fingers and... her lips touch my forehead. Under the starry night sky. For just a moment. The soft sensation. Intimate contact.
Kaede: "—Mm."
Ms. Ohara quickly separates herself.
Kaede: "That was my apology for today... my thank you... and your goodnight kiss."
Asuka: "...Yeah."
All I can say is "yeah."
Kaede: "Good night. I’ll see you tomorrow."
Ms. Ohara walks away. There truly is no retreating figure that looks better in the white uniform than her. As I watch her walk away... The words that I had been unable to ask until now fall from my lips absentmindedly.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, why are you wearing your white uniform ?"
In response, Ms. Ohara suddenly stops.
Kaede: "...White uniform?"
The air around Ms. Ohara suddenly begins to sway violently (or at least appears to).
Kaede: "...Ee...Eee...Eeek—!"
Kaede: "Was I wearing this the whole time? Since morning training? Until now?"
Kaede: "Th-th-that can’t be, can’t be true—!"
Ms. Ohara cries out into the darkness. Oops... maybe I shouldn’t have told her.
Asuka: (But, she really is adorable—)
My emotions that do not belong to my usual self. Well, it’s not tomorrow yet, so I guess I’m safe. —Tonight is a beautiful, starry night. I have just one secret that I can’t tell anyone, but......It truly is a secret that I don’t want to tell, nor do I want anyone to know it... I can’t... What to do. What to do. What to do.
Asuka: "...Um, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "Y-yes."
Ms. Ohara’s eyes appear to be gleaming with expectation. Ahh...
Asuka: (I’m sorry, Ms. Ohara!)
I slowly turn my body around.
Asuka: "I’m sorry. I really, really won’t tell anyone—!!!"
And I flee.
Kaede: "Miss Osachi!?"
Asuka: "I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorrrryyy!!!"
Escape successful....I-I-I mean, come on...
====================scr00118.kgo====================
Eventually, July arrives and on the first weekend... 3 PM. Having managed to finish my essay with Nao’s help, I tell her I’m going to the convenience store and I set out from our dorm.
Asuka: "Oh, she’s at it again..."
Within the thicket, I see Miss Itsuki. She is talking on her smartphone .
Itsuki: "—"
Once again, there is a serious, somewhat irritated look on Miss Itsuki’s face that she doesn’t show at the academy. Hmm... I’m curious. Although what she had said, the other day, about "having to do something"
to us dampens my enthusiasm a little. But...
Asuka: "...It’s not like she’ll pluck me up and eat me or anything, right...?"
What interests me interests me. I can’t help my own curiosity. I quietly make my way into the thicket. If she notices me, I guess I’ll just have to laugh it off. The patches of fallen leaves on the ground. The smell of the summer trees.
Itsuki: "I’ve told you over and over again. That case was entrusted to me, wasn’t it!?"
Hearing her voice, my feet stop. Her tone is sharp.
Itsuki: "I’m currently measuring the specs. Don’t rush me."
Itsuki: "Yes, this is an important matter for the lab. I know."
Itsuki: "I’ve sent you all the pertinent data."
Itsuki: "Capacity factor? The numbers are provisional for now."
Could it be computer games? Maybe she’s talking about gaming.
Itsuki: "...You take care of Sumika and the others."
Itsuki: "What are you saying? That’s your job, Hiromi. I won’t fail."
Itsuki: "Huh? She doesn’t know anything. She’s carefree as they come."
My heart lets out a small leap... She? Who?
Itsuki: "Yeah, I finally found her—Asuka Osachi. I won’t let her escape."
Asuka: "—!"
I turn around and distance myself from the thicket. When I come to my senses, I realize that I am running. There is no time to consider whether Miss Itsuki has seen me or not. I have no idea what the conversation I had just eavesdropped on was about. "I finally found you."—Those were the words she had spoken to me the first time we had met on our first day of school. I have no idea why my name was mentioned just now on the phone. And...
Asuka: (What does she mean, she won’t let me escape?)
—What is that supposed to mean?
Asuka: "...Oh."
Not really feeling like returning to my room, I walk around near the station.
Asuka: "F-for example!"
Yes, for example.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki likes games, so she was just talking to her friend about them."
Asuka: "...What were those internet games called again... those ones I had also thought about playing?"
Asuka: "Words like spec and data are from that, and the names I didn’t know are her gaming friends."
Asuka: "—But."
"I finally found her."
"I won’t let her escape."
Perhaps she’s looking for more gaming friends? I like games, but, if I’m honest, I suck at them.
Asuka: "Wha—?"
My smartphone rings. I frantically pull it out. It’s a call from Miss Itsuki. After becoming group work partners, we had all exchanged phone numbers, so it isn’t all that surprising she’s calling, but... I nervously answer.
Asuka: "Yes—"
And then— There is no immediate answer. After a while, I hear her voice. It seems to echo from the depth of the earth.
Itsuki: "...So, you heard."
Asuka: (I-I’m officially scared!)
Seriously, it’s like something out of a horror film... And now she’s told me to meet her in front of the academy.
Asuka: "...I really want to run away..."
I receive a text from Nao that reads, ‘Are you still out on a walk?’ I reply, ‘Yeah, sorta.’ I should reply that I’m heading home now, and then do just that. I really should. Head home Stay
Asuka: "......"
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll go home. It doesn’t look like Miss Itsuki is coming, so I guess it’s fine."
Having taken until now to finally reach a decision, I attempt to leave. At that moment, I suddenly hear a voice behind me.
Itsuki: "So sorry to keep you waiting."
Asuka: "!?!?!?"
Itsuki: "Oh, you weren’t trying to go home, were you? That would be problematic."
Speaking in a nonchalant tone, Miss Itsuki appears. I curse my timing.
Asuka: "U-ummm..."
Miss Itsuki sounds like her usual self, if not even more casual. And yet, there seems to be no humor in her tone. Standing there should be the Miss Itsuki I know (not that I know her that well, but what I do know of her), but somehow she appears to be a completely different person. Thinking this, a bad feeling comes over me. If I were to compare it to something... no, I can’t think of a comparison!
Itsuki: "I was careless. By the look of you, you seem to have heard most of it."
Her blue eyes seem to probe mine. Oh, this is it. Now. This is where I say, "I didn’t hear anything."
Itsuki: "— —"
Miss Itsuki’s gaze seems to wrap itself around me.
Asuka: "I-I suppose I did... ahaha...."
Asuka: (I’m such an idiot—!>_<)
Itsuki: "I see, I see. Alright, well I guess... I can’t just let you leave then."
Her tone changes. Will she do ‘that’ to me? (I don’t know what ‘that’ is.)
Asuka: "B-but, I don’t know what’s going on at all... and why you mentioned my name... and stuff."
Asuka: "...Miss Itsuki isn’t here."
I toy with the idea of just going home. I mean the invitation was pretty one-sided. It’s not like I had agreed to it at all.
Asuka: "...Yeah, I could go home... I could, but—"
I would like to give Miss Itsuki a piece of my own mind for always being so mean to me. Such feelings begin to boil up inside of me.
Asuka: "I-I’m not scared of you, Miss Fancy-Glasses!"
In fact, I cross my arms and stand proudly. Whoa, I’m actually kind of cool. —And then.
Itsuki: "Hey, sorry to keep you waiting."
Asuka: "Eeek!"
Suddenly hearing a voice from behind me, I turn around in surprise. It’s Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: (She gave me a fright. I thought my knees would give...!)
There is not a single shred of my former, cool self. Miss Itsuki observes me with interest.
Itsuki: "Hmm, so you waited for me without running away."
Asuka: "O-of course. I’m c-completely thine, fank you!"
Itsuki: "Fank you..."
Asuka: "Argh... I just slurred the words a little!"
I got ‘fine’ and ‘thank’ jumbled up.
Itsuki: "I see. Anyway, I couldn’t care less. More importantly, Dummy Girl—"
Miss Itsuki gazes at me intently.
Itsuki: "You heard my phone call, didn’t you?"
Asuka: "Y-yes, as a matter of fact I did. So?"
Itsuki: "Hmph. Well, I can’t just let you leave then..."
Miss Itsuki’s voice sends shivers down my spine. But it’s too late for me to back down. Half in desperation, I press on—
Asuka: "B-but I don’t know what’s going on! And why you said my name!"
She had said, "I finally found her."
Itsuki: "—’It’s not what it seems.’"
Miss Itsuki smiles thinly.
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I told you that the first time we met. That was the truth."
Asuka: "??? ...What is?"
Itsuki: "That isn’t just something I like saying. The truth is, it’s not what it seems."
Itsuki: "Huh? That’s a little confusing."
Asuka: "It’s not what it seems..."
Itsuki: "Exactly."
Asuka: "...What are you talking about?"
This time, it’s my turn to ask. The meaning behind ‘it’s not what it seems.’ Miss Itsuki answers nonchalantly.
Itsuki: "Well of course, I’m talking about ‘your’ existence.’"
Asuka: "Huh!? ...Wait, um."
Is she talking philosophically...?
Itsuki: "Hmm, I guess that’s a little hard for you to understand. I guess it might be easier if I word it like this for you, Dummy Girl."
Miss Itsuki narrows both her eyes. Her eyes seem to be simultaneously laughing and hunting down her prey.
Itsuki: "I know the ‘real you’... that not even you know about."
Itsuki: "There aren’t any good bike parking lots near the school. That’s why I took a while."
Miss Itsuki takes me to the bike parking lot that’s on the way from the academy to our dorm. She leads me to a single, black scooter. It’s bigger than the regular-size scooters I would see on TV commercials. Apparently, it’s appropriately called a Big Scooter .
Asuka: "A two-seater...?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, unfortunately Sakuya doesn’t like bikes, so it doesn’t get to be used that frequently."
Asuka: "I see..."
It’s true. I can’t imagine Miss Sakuya riding on the front or back of a bike. Miss Itsuki throws a helmet to me.
Itsuki: "Alright, get on. If you’re worried about your skirt, I’ll lend you a pair of tracksuit pants. I have some here."
Asuka: "Wait, wait. What’s going on?"
Itsuki: "Huh? I told you we’ll have to cover some distance. We can’t walk there and it’s too much of a hassle to take a bus."
Asuka: "Distance?"
Itsuki: "To get to the lab. You’re interested in what I said, aren’t you?"
Asuka: "The lab—"
I had heard that word mentioned earlier on during her call.
Asuka: "...When we were younger, in a magazine that Nao used to read, there was a segment called ‘Pet’s Fashion Lab.’"
Itsuki: "Laboratory, research facility—what else could you call it... a secret base?"
It is suddenly very easy to imagine Miss Itsuki as one of those stereotypical villains.
Asuka: "Um... maybe today I’ll pass..."
Itsuki: "You say that after having touched my girlfriend’s breasts."
Asuka: "—! Hey, it wasn’t like that!"
Itsuki: "Here, come on."
She slaps the back seat of her scooter.
Asuka: "B-but, but, I’m not allowed to follow people I don’t know. Nao told me..."
Itsuki: "—What are you, a baby? I still think it’s a little early, but I’ll tell you everything."
Asuka: "About... the real me?"
Itsuki: "I do have that information. But prepare yourself. Once you find out—there’s no going back."
There is a mysterious quality to Miss Itsuki’s voice and expression. If I was going to compare it to something—the words ‘Wicked Witch’ somehow come to mind. I need to run away. With all my heart, I think this.
Itsuki: "So, what are you going to do?"
Miss Itsuki gazes at me with her blue eyes.
Asuka: "...Oh..."
In the end. —I obediently place the helmet on my head. Oh, I even borrow the tracksuit bottoms to wear. In the evening, I return to the dorm.
Asuka: "—..."
When I open the door, I find Nao neither studying nor doing any housework. She is simply sitting on the carpet and hugging a cushion with her head lowered slightly. She must have not been doing anything other than waiting and worrying about me. Hearing the door open, she quickly raises her face.
Nao: "Sis? You took a while. Did you go far?"
Asuka: "...I’m sorry, Nao..."
The lack of strength in my voice is noticeable even to myself.
Nao: "What’s the matter? You look really tired... Did something happen?"
Nao asks, but I don’t have the energy to answer.
Asuka: "......"
I sway over towards my bed and collapse onto the mattress. I am exhausted and spent. Nao stands up and walks over next to the bed. I can see the worried expression on her face, but I cannot respond. I bury my face in my pillow and can only mutter as if I were on the verge of death. In a husky voice, I manage to push the words out of my lips.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "Y-yes?"
There is hesitation in Nao’s voice.
Asuka: "I... don’t think I can go back..."
"There’s no going back."
She had been telling the truth. She had been serious. And she was usually so nonchalant with her lies.
Nao: "Go back? What do you mean, sis?"
Asuka: "Nao... open the window."
"The window?"
Asuka: "I want to feel the wind. Please."
Still hesitating, Nao walks over to the window and opens it for me. The fresh summer evening breeze rushes in. It feels good. If I fall asleep like this, maybe I’ll suffocate to death.
Nao: "...Sis, what’s the matter? What happened?"
Nao asks me from nearby the window. Of course. And I...
Asuka: "Wiz..."
Nao: "Wiz?"
Asuka: "...Wizard..."
Nao: "???"
Asuka: "...Nur...s..."
Nao: "Nerds?"
The wind brushes gently against my skin. I recall the speeding scooter, the strong wind I felt as I sat behind her. And my mind returns to what happened earlier—
Asuka: "This lab!? Wh-where is it?"
Itsuki: "Oh... downtown. Come on, hold on tightly."
Downtown... well, that’s vague.
Asuka: "You’re not trying to take me somewhere strange, are you—?"
Itsuki: "Of course I’m taking you somewhere strange. What are you, an idiot?"
Asuka: "Not only do you readily admit to it, but you’re making fun of me too!"
Itsuki: "Well, I had planned to take more time before doing this."
Asuka: "B-before we left, you were calling someone."
Itsuki: "Oh, Hiromi? When I told you I was bringing you right now, she was shocked."
Itsuki: "I guess that’s to be expected. She’s probably preparing in a hurry right now."
Asuka: "For what!?"
Itsuki: "......"
Silence. Eeek! Confusion overwrites confusion in my mind, and I end up asking something odd.
Asuka: "D-does Miss Sakuya know about this?"
Itsuki: "......"
Silence again. —But this time there is a different feel to it.
Itsuki: "Alright then."
Miss Itsuki evades the question. The scooter races off against the wind. I am not clutching on tightly, but I can feel her back. Under the clear, fair blue sky—
Asuka: "I wonder if I’m going to be taken apart..."
Research facility.  Lab.  Bizarre machines. From my poor knowledge of such places, the words spill from my lips. She lets out a small laugh.
Itsuki: "Perhaps."
Asuka: "I would have really preferred it if you denied it—!"
Miss Itsuki increases the scooter’s speed and my protests are swallowed by the wind. And then— In time, the scooter at arrives at some grandiose apartment building in the middle of the city.
Itsuki: "Alright, here we are. Welcome to our secret base."
Itsuki: "—I’ve brought her, Hiromi. Have you finished preparing?"
Asuka: "Huh, huh, huh?"
Hiromi: "I have... But I can’t believe you’ve really brought her..."
Asuka: "Umm, where are we?"
Hiromi: "It appears you haven’t received any explanation....Oh dear, I’m sorry."
Asuka: "Don’t apologize, just explain..."
Hiromi: "Alright, come over here then, Miss Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Huh... Huhhh!?"
Itsuki: "Oh, she looks great. Just as I thought."
Asuka: "......Um, Miss Amato?"
In my shock, I seem to have reverted to calling her by her last name. What is going on? And why am I wearing... this mysteriously sassy outfit? It’s sassy, there’s no denying that it’s sassy... but also really, really embarrassing.
Itsuki: "I told you to call me Itsuki... Oh, but here you can call me Luciola if you want."
Asuka: "??? Luciola?"
Itsuki: "It’s the pen name I use when I’m writing novels."
Asuka: "Novels... And, um, why am I dressed in this...?"
Itsuki: "It’s a cosplay of course. A cosplay. It’s for a game that we’re making in our doujin club right now."
Itsuki: "It’s about the evil life form, Virilius , which is eating its way through the world and the magical girl who fights it with the power of healing."
Cosplay.  A doujin club. While I was in high school, one of the girls from the Jellyfish Club had a huge interest in those sorts of things, so I have some knowledge of them. But, Virilius and a magical girl...
Asuka: "...Is that sort of like ‘Polly-Cure’?"
It’s a cartoon show they play on Sunday mornings. I know a little about that.
Itsuki: "You really don’t know what you’re talking about. Do you even know the different categories of magical girl-type series there are?"
She says this with a straight face. As if to scold me.
Asuka: "...How would I know something like that?"
Itsuki: "Originally, our club was putting out an indie magazine focused on novels. It was filled with short stories—literary, mystery, sci-fi, all sorts."
Itsuki: "The thing was, it really didn’t sell very well."
Itsuki: "Not that our main goal was to make a profit, but we talked about how it would be nice to experience at least once what it was like to sell well."
Asuka: "Okay..."
Hiromi: "This is the magazine we’re talking about."
She holds out a copy to me and I take it. On its white surface, in digital type font, are printed the words ‘Celestial Globe #8’ and nothing else. I turn it over and in the corner it reads ‘Black Literary House.’ Probably the name of the club.
Itsuki: "After debating the issue at meeting after meeting, we finally decided that we would make a game with a girly-ish character."
Itsuki: "And we decided we might as well change the name of our club as well. So we went from ‘Black Literary House’ to our current ‘Cutesy Laboratory.’"
Asuka: "‘Cutesy... Laboratory...’"
‘Black Literary House’ to ‘Cutesy Laboratory.’
Asuka: "...That’s a pretty big change. Huh, wait. ‘Laboratory’?"
Itsuki: "Yep. And so—"
Miss Itsuki smiles mischievously.
Itsuki: "Welcome to our lab!"
Asuka: "...Seriously."
Itsuki: "And the current title that Cutesy Laboratory is working on is... ‘ Wizard Nurse Prima ’!"
Itsuki: "I created it, and wrote the script."
Asuka: "...Pri... Prima ?"
Itsuki: "It’s the name of the main character. She’s an elementary school student who transforms into a wizard nurse."
Is that even really a name...?
Asuka: "Then, this cosplay I’m wearing..."
Itsuki: "It’s what Prima looks like after she’s transformed. When I first saw you at school, I felt shockwaves."
Itsuki: "The first thought that came to my mind was, I finally found her!"
Itsuki: "You see, we were looking for an official cosplayer to use for advertising."
"I finally found you."
Itsuki: "When I told the other members about you, they were constantly badgering me to bring you."
Itsuki: "I was planning on taking more time and slowly bringing you into it, but—"
Asuka: "C-can I ask something important? What did you mean when you said the ‘real me’?"
Itsuki: "Heh..."
She takes a deep breath.
Itsuki: "‘This’ is the real you, of course."
Asuka: "........."
Is there anything I can do but remain silent?
Itsuki: "Let me introduce you. This is Hiromi Sano. She’s in charge of costume design and other miscellaneous jobs."
Hiromi: "I had long washed my hands clean of all of this!"
Hiromi: "But you had to drag me back in... Saying that making cosplay outfits would be a good way to pass time while I found someone to marry. You’re horrible..."
Miss Itsuki beams with pride while Miss Hiromi looks mournful. I wonder if they’re friends. They look quite a few years apart. Miss Hiromi looks around Ms. Ohara’s age, maybe. And then. I decide to confirm something I had forgotten to make sure of until this point.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki and Miss Hiromi... does that make the two of you nerds?"
Hiromi: "Ack! No... I told you I washed my hands clean. Ohh..."
In contrast to Miss Hiromi’s protests, Miss Itsuki immediately nods... I guess there are some internal issues.
Itsuki: "I’ve been one for quite some time, although not many people know. Oh, Sakuya knows well enough."
I nod in understanding... I guess you can say I’m surprised, not that I knew much about her personality to begin with.
Itsuki: "We’ll have Dummy Girl here attend events as the official cosplayer for ‘ Prima ’."
Asuka: "H-h-hold on!"
This where I must not nod! I don’t want to nod!
Itsuki: "We’ll just take pictures for today."
Itsuki: "Alright, Hiromi, go wild with the photos!"
Asuka: "No, this is so embarrassing!"
Hiromi: "...I’m sorry, Miss Osachi. It’ll be over soon."
Miss Hiromi helplessly takes the expensive-looking camera in her hand. Huh? Did her expression just change slightly...?
Hiromi: "—Heh."
Asuka: "A-a-ahhhhh..."
On my way home from the (secret base?) apartment—
Itsuki: "Hey, are you still alive?"
Asuka: "No..."
Itsuki: "Hiromi sorta went all out, didn’t she. Despite her protests, she likes this sort of thing."
Asuka: "There was some killer technique pose she made me do..."
Itsuki: "Oh, the Drilling Healing Punch . It’s supposed to blast and crush anything it touches."
Asuka: "...Doesn’t seem to be a lot of healing involved."
Itsuki: "Heheh. Really, thanks a lot for today. Thank you, thank you."
Asuka: "...I was basically abducted into it."
Itsuki: "Ahahah."
Asuka: "It’s not really something to laugh about..."
Itsuki: "I guess it’s understandable to be nervous the first time. But you’ll start enjoying it in no time."
Asuka: "I-I don’t wanna..."
Itsuki: "I guarantee. You have the potential to become a star to the nerds!"
Asuka: "I don’t want to become that kind of star!"
Itsuki: "Ahahaha!"
Miss Itsuki seems to be enjoying herself, not particularly concerned with my response. Under the evening sky, she rides her scooter with me on the back. Rubescent clouds drift through the sky. The wind against my tired body feels surprisingly good. Suddenly I recall something.
Asuka: (A scooter... Now that I think about it, I’ve never ridden on the back of one before.)
A small... tiny part of me feels...
Asuka: "...This isn’t all bad."
Then, we arrive in front of the dorm and I get off the scooter. As we part ways.
Itsuki: "I just remembered, Sakuya too—"
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "In the past I took her to the lab, and she did some cosplay there."
Asuka: "...Seriously?"
Itsuki: "I had her dress as Prima ’s partner and rival, ‘Sorcerer Nurse Ellen’."
Itsuki: "Well... it took a small amount of coercing."
It wasn’t small. There’s no way it was a ‘small’ amount.
Itsuki: "Somehow, after that, she’s decided to pretend not to notice my hobbies. As if she didn’t know they existed."
Asuka: "...Ohh."
Itsuki: "I wonder why? She was having fun."
Most likely... it’s become something of a trauma for her. And, probably... she wants to pretend like it never happened. I feel for her.
Asuka: (Oh, but, Miss Sakuya cosplaying... I wonder how she looked.)
My interest has been piqued. Seeing me in this state, Miss Itsuki lets out a small laugh and, casually waving her hand, she walks back to the dorm entrance.
Itsuki: "Alright, well done today. I’ll invite you again."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Itsuki: "I told you, you’ll be doing it for real at promotional events."
Itsuki: "—See you, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "...Damn it..."
Nao would rebuke me if she had heard what I said. Then, just before she disappears into the entrance, Miss Itsuki turns around, looks at me, and says happily.
Itsuki: "Once the pictures are ready I’ll give them to you, so look forward to it."
Asuka: "I don’t want to see them!"
...I do want to. Just a little. Now, with the evening wind blowing into our room, I have fallen asleep. But—
Asuka: "Hmm... hmm..."
Nao: "Asuka is moaning in her sleep... I wonder if she’s having a bad dream..."
Asuka: "The world needs... I need to transform..."
Nao: "...What is she dreaming about?"
What had happened during my walk and the dream I had then... Those were things that I couldn’t bring myself to tell Nao. I-I mean, come on.
====================scr00119.kgo====================
It’s July. It’s summer. Almost the summer holidays. Before the holidays start, we have first-term mid-term exams, which are every bit as dreadful as they sound. But, let’s put that aside for now. The real treat of summer is...
Kaede: "Alright, everyone. Tomorrow we’ll finally begin hospital training ."
Asuka: "Wh-ooo..."
I can feel my passion rising. The dream environment for any nursing student that Ms. Ohara had told us about during our first day of group work. Right now, our group work team surrounds a bed. Next to me, Nao smiles at me, but...
Sakuya: "Calm yourself, Asuka."
Miss Sakuya says coldly from across the bed. But, even in her voice, I seem to hear a quiver of nervousness... or do I? Ms. Ohara wears her usual angelic smile as she continues to speak.
Kaede: "Tomorrow, you will go with your group to a hospital, but before that, there are some important things I need to tell you."
Asuka: "...Important things?"
Kaede: "There are many things, but there are two that are very important."
Ms. Ohara’s smile disappears.
Kaede: "First, as a general rule, I won’t be going along with you."
Asuka: "Huh—!?"
I involuntarily cry out. However, around me similar cries can be heard. Even Machi and Michi...
Machi & Michi: "Now I’m nervous."
They say in complete harmony. Impressive.
Nao: "Oh, I guess that makes sense. After all, each group will be going to a different hospital."
Ms. Ohara nods in response to Nao’s words.
Kaede: "Yes. And with your training taking place in hospitals, there will be nurses present from each individual hospital."
Kaede: "You will all be entrusted to their care as their juniors."
Kaede: "Even if I were to be present, I could not interfere."
Asuka: "I see..."
Nao: "I wonder what the nurse who will instruct us will be like."
Kaede: "The nurses who will be instructing you are all experienced nurses. You’ll have nothing to worry about."
Kaede: "And I’ll pay a visit at least once."
Here Ms. Ohara smiles. However, I can’t stop myself from hearing the whisperings of a group nearby.
Student: "I heard that some of the nurses take pleasure in making the nursing students cry."
Student: "I heard that as well. It’s like the difference between heaven and hell depending on what instructor you get. Apparently some students even leave the academy because of it."
Student: "Oh... I really hope we don’t get someone frightening."
Asuka: "I-I hope we don’t, either."
Itsuki: "There’s no point in worrying about it now. It’ll turn out however it’ll turn out."
Sakuya: "You’re right. In fact, we might as well have an instructor who is frightening."
Asuka: "You always sound so confident... I’m jealous."
Sakuya: "I think it’s best for you, too. After all,, you’re usually completely over-protected."
Nao: "Huh... really, sis?"
Seeing Nao’s dazed look, Sakuya says.
Sakuya: "I’m talking about you....Have more self-awareness."
Nao: "Ahaha. Well, I am her sweet sister. But she’s doing her best as well."
Itsuki: "We’re not losing to them are we, Princess, when it comes to sweetness."
Sakuya: "That’s not what this is about! And I told you, at school, don’t call me Princess—"
Kaede: "Okay, right now is not the time to be making small-talk. It’s time to be paying attention to what I’m saying."
Ms. Ohara says, clapping her hands.
Sakuya: "...I’m sorry—"
I can feel Miss Sakuya’s eyes driving blades into my back... Why only me...?
Kaede: "So, that’s the first point. The other point is the most important—"
Everyone falls silent in response to Ms. Ohara’s words.
Kaede: "Tomorrow, you will not do anything."
A small, shocked murmur spreads through the training room .
Asuka: "...Won’t do anything?"
Kaede: "I should say, you’re still not in a position to be able to do anything."
Kaede: "What you must do tomorrow is observe."
Kaede: "Observe the actual nurses in their working environment, see the way the nurses work."
Kaede: "I’m sure most of you have been to hospitals as patients , but I want you to observe what you cannot see from that position."
Kaede: "And I want you to take it in with your body and soul—"
Asuka: "Take it in... with my body."
Itsuki: "That sounds a little... sexy."
Miss Itsuki says. Ignore her, ignore her.
Itsuki: "Ah, ouch."
Miss Sakuya pinches her and she lets out a small yelp. Good.
Kaede: "You all have had some technical training in Basic Nursing Skills , but it will still be some time before you actually use them on a patient ."
Kaede: "Simple things like bed making , bathing , and blood pressure measurement will begin from autumn of this year."
Kaede: "...Real training that involves working along with the nurses at the hospital will start in October of your second year, after the ‘ Capping Ceremony ’."
Asuka: "The Capping Ceremony —"
This is the first time those words have come from Ms. Ohara’s lips. All us nursing students know about it. How could we not? Of course, for nursing students the final goal is to pass the national examinations and become a nurse, but before that, the Capping Ceremony also holds important meaning for us. Even for a jellyfish-ish nursing student like me, hearing those words causes me to straighten my posture. The Capping Ceremony. During my third year of high school, I had requested a Teito Nursing Academy prospectus. Opening the brochure, the first things that had caught my eye were several photos. They must have been taken in the academy’s auditorium. In the first photo, a nursing student in her training uniform was holding a candle while a teacher in a white uniform was placing a nurse’s cap on her head. In the second photo, the nursing students, wearing their nurse’s caps, were lined up on the podium with candles in their hands. The third photo was of a single nursing student after the Capping Ceremony....Where one would expect an expression of happiness, tears, and smiles, I was surprised to see that wasn’t the case. Written next to the photo was the nursing student’s name and a short written comment. ‘Nagisa Fujisawa - Second Year’ "I was very happy. But I realized that it was too early to celebrate. That this was just the beginning."
I had wondered how she might have felt at the time. And I had realized that I wanted to know. I had tried to imagine what I would feel, but could not. All I could imagine was that perhaps if I stood there, those ‘stars’ far off in the distance may seem a little closer. Maybe close enough for my fingertips to touch them. Maybe—
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi, your mouth is hanging open."
Hearing Ms. Ohara’s voice, I suddenly return to the present. I hear scattered laughter throughout the training room .
Asuka: "O-ohh."
I quickly shut my gaping mouth and a small laugh escapes Ms. Ohara’s lips.
Kaede: "Let’s save worrying about the Capping Ceremony for a little further into the future. Do your best with the hospital training tomorrow."
Asuka: "Yes, I’ll do my best to observe. I’ll stare and ogle to my heart’s content."
Sakuya: "Stare..."
Nao: "Ogle..."
Itsuki: "To your heart’s content..."
Asuka: (Huh?)
Machi & Michi: "I don’t think that came out quite right."
Asuka: "Seriously?"
Kaede: "Your heart is in the right place, but do your best to be polite tomorrow."
Kaede: "Also, I told you to just observe, but later I will also have you submit a report."
Kaede: "So passive gazing will not be enough."
In response to Ms. Ohara’s words, a rumble of complaint spreads throughout the training room . A report. This word is a curse to any nursing student . And when I say curse, of course I mean a curse that robs us of our hours of sleep. Frightening, really... However, Ms. Ohara continues as if not having heard our protests.
Kaede: "Alright, I’ll pass out the papers now."
Kaede: "There is information written regarding the hospital each group will be going to for training, so read it carefully."
Kaede: "As for precautions—"
I listen to Ms. Ohara speak with a timid expression on my face. But.
Sakuya: "The Capping Ceremony —"
I hear her whisper from behind my seat. Miss Sakuya is thinking about it too... This thought somehow makes me feel happy. We’re in a similar position after all.
Asuka: "—Hehe."
Sakuya: "I wonder how many people will quit before then."
Asuka: (That hurts! That question hurts too much!)
After school finishes, we go back to our dorm. Night falls.
Asuka: "I wonder how long it’s been since I last went to a hospital..."
Nao: "Yeah, well you’ve always been pretty healthy, sis. You don’t even catch colds... Just the rainy season headaches, I guess."
Asuka: "And thanks to you, Nao, even for that I don’t need to go to the doctor."
Nao is studying on the other side of the table. Even as we talk, Nao’s hand, holding her pen, continues to move. I stare absentmindedly at the ceiling.
Asuka: "When I was little, I fell from a tree and cut my head, but even then I wasn’t hospitalized."
Nao: "We did go to the hospital with grandma , though. You had to get stitches... It didn’t leave a scar, did it?"
Asuka: "No. Even if you look really carefully, I don’t think you can see it."
Saying this, I raise my bangs and Nao looks towards me.
Nao: "Let me see."
Nao leans forward and draws her face close to my forehead. She stops, as if gazing into my forehead.
Asuka: "—"
Nao: "—"
The distance between our two faces. The closeness.
Asuka: "Oh..."
Asuka: (...I just remembered something.)
Nao: "Sis? What’s the matter?"
Asuka: "Huh, oh nothing."
Nao: "??? ...No, you can’t see it—oh, wait a second."
Asuka: "Is it still there?"
Nao: "Sis, you have a white hair. Just one, though."
Asuka: "What the—!"
Seriously... I’m in shock...
Nao: "It’s just one, so I’ll pluck it out. Don’t move—there."
I feel the tugging sensation and Nao shows me my one white hair. How could this happen...? I brood over it.
Asuka: "I must be... studying too much..."
Nao: "Um... I guess that could be a factor..."
Asuka: "This must mean I shouldn’t study any more today, Nao!"
Nao: "I figured you’d spin it like this..."
Asuka: "The truth is I want to, I want to study! But it’s not like I have a choice!"
Nao: "...The report still needs a lot of work, and that needs to be added in—"
Asuka: "I can’t do it! This can’t be helped. No, it can’t be helped! Damn it!"
Nao: "Mmm..."
Nao lets out a single sigh as if exasperated, but then a small, sardonic smile appears on her lips.
Nao: "Let’s finish for today then. We still need to prepare for tomorrow."
Asuka: "Yay!"
Nao: "Alright, I’ll prepare dinner now. Is simple somen noodles fine? I can make egg-rolls too."
Asuka: "I love somen noodles! And some rice too."
Nao: "Ahaha, sis, you really do like somen noodle rice, don’t you?"
Asuka: "It was passed on to me by grandma ."
Nao: "You need to be careful not to eat too many carbs. Alright, I’ll be right back."
Standing up, Nao walks over to the kitchen, laughing. —Just then.
Nao: "Oh, I got a text."
Nao’s smartphone on the table signals that she’s received a text. Nao returns and picks up her smartphone .
Nao: "It’s from Miss Itsuki..."
Asuka: "Oh, do you exchange texts a lot?"
Nao: "Hm, not really. We’re in the same group, so she texts me on occasion and I reply."
Nao is surprisingly dry.
Nao: "She said, ‘Tomorrow, why don’t the four of us meet in front of the dorm and go together?’"
Asuka: "Oh, I see. Sounds good."
Machi and Michi are in a different dorm so if we were to meet up it would be at Seiseki Yuigaoka Station Station.
Nao: "Hehe."
Asuka: "What’s the matter?"
Nao: "Under that it says, ‘Sakuya says she’s so nervous she can’t sleep.’"
Asuka: "Really. That’s surprising."
Nao: "Oh, this time it’s from Sakuya... ‘Itsuki’s text is a lie. I’m not nervous.’"
Nao: "From Miss Itsuki again—’It’s true, it’s true.’"
Nao: "Oh, again. ‘It’s a lie. Don’t believe her.’"
Nao: "Um..."
Asuka: "Ahaha... Those two really get along, don’t they."
Nao: "Um, sis..."
Nao: "I don’t have time to reply right now, so can you tell them, ‘Don’t mess people around by sending unnecessary texts to their smartphone .’?"
Asuka: "Yes ma’am."
I take my smartphone in my hand....Let me see. Just then, I receive a text.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s from Sakuya. ‘Tell your younger sister to block Itsuki’s texts.’"
I look up at the ceiling—where their room is.
Asuka: (...They seem to be having fun.)
Nao: "Come on. It’s from Itsuki again... ‘Say goodnight to Prima for me.’..."
Nao: " Prima ? What’s that?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I wonder! Maybe she made a mistake!"
...Miss Fancy-Glasses... (I fume.)
====================scr00120.kgo====================
The next morning.
Asuka: "We’ve arrived. This is the place...!"
Narrowing my eyes in the summer sunlight, I look up at the impressive building. We had met up with Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki in front of the dorm. Machi and Michi we had met up with at Seiseki Yurigaoka Station, where we had taken the train to the next town. We had arrived at the general hospital that will be the stage for our first hospital training . It’s big. Shiroaigahama General Hospital. This is it......I feel a little nervous. The sweat on my forehead isn’t just from the heat...
Sakuya: "Let’s go. We need to go to the nurse station and introduce ourselves."
Appearing to be her usual self, Miss Sakuya begins to walk towards the building. Oh, she’s so sturdy and reliable. I secretly start a conversation with Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: "...Last night, was Miss Sakuya really not able to sleep?"
Itsuki: "Yeah... she was probably excited. Until really late, she was—"
Sakuya: "Be quiet, Itsuki. Were you two able to sleep properly?"
Asuka: "Yes, we got to sleep at eight."
Sakuya: "...That’s a little too early. I guess you can never have too much sleep, though."
Nao: "The chamomile tea after dinner seemed to have worked well."
Asuka: "Thanks to it I slept like a baby."
Miss Sakuya lets out a sigh and Machi and Michi giggle. Our nervous tension seems to have dissipated a little.
Asuka: "Alright, let’s go. Here comes our ‘hospital debut’!"
Nao: "From the way you say it, it’s hard to tell whether that’s a positive thing or not."
Nao lets out a small laugh.
Asuka: "Very true."
I laugh a little as well.
Chief: "Alright, good morning, Teito Nursing Academy students."
The first person to greet us is the chief nurse . She is a sturdily built lady. She seems friendly and I let out a sigh of relief.
Asuka: "Nice to meet you."
We stand with our backs to the wall while the chief addresses the nurses .
Chief: "As you all know, today six trainees will be joining us."
Chief: "Not only as seniors in nursing, but as their seniors in life, please teach them all you can."
Chief: "These students will develop by watching your examples, so please do not forget that."
Nurse: "Chief, I don’t know if I can handle the responsibility."
Chief: "No fooling about."
Chief: "After their training finishes, the hope is that you will have inspired all these trainees to say, ‘I want to become a wonderful nurse like her!’."
Chief: "When I was still a nursing student , the nurses at the hospital I trained at instructed me gently, yet firmly. Yes, that was—"
Nurse: "The chief’s started on another of her long stories again. You’ll bore the trainees if you go on."
The nurses laugh. I’m a little surprised at how warm the atmosphere is. However.
Chief: "Ehem, you’re right. —Well then, night shift, status reports ."
Asuka: ( Status reports ?)
Nurse: "Yes. No emergency hospital admissions. Available beds remain unchanged at four."
The nurses who were on the night shift last night make their reports. The warm atmosphere of the nurse station tenses almost immediately.
Nurse: "Mrs. Toyama in Room 302 called for the nurse at 19:00."
Nurse: "She complained of chills and could be seen shivering so her temperature was taken. At 38.8 degrees, acetaminophen was prescribed to her."
Nurse: "Her temperature was taken again at 22:00. It was 37 degrees and she had sweated profusely so we administered a change of garments."
Nurse: "At 2:00 in the morning her fever returned at 39.2 degrees. A second dose of acetaminophen was administered."
Nurse: " BP 98/62, saturation 97%. After making a report to the doctor today, request for a medical consultation."
Chief: "Understood. Next."
The chief briskly controls the flow of action. Reports are made one after the other.
Nurse: "Mrs. Kobayashi from Room 701 is requesting an examination by the gynecologist . As she is showing signs of coagulation , please make the appointment as soon as possible."
Nurse: "Also, a possible ARF  patient will be moved from the ICU to our ward."
Nurse: "Please have vitals checked regularly. —That is all. The patients are in your hands."
The nurses on duty for the day shift respond in unison. I can’t help but be swept up in all of it.
Asuka: "U-understood."
I lower my head and mumble quietly to myself.
Asuka: "...I see."
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "I could hardly understand any of it. What about you, Nao?"
Nao: "Mmm, just a little. But mostly not at all."
Machi & Michi: "We didn’t understand anything either."
Sakuya: "...I can understand why Ms. Ohara told us ‘not to do anything.’"
Nao: "Yeah, even if we wanted to we couldn’t. Really, the best we can do is watch and observe."
Itsuki: "But it’s fun. Besides, I’ve never been inside a nurse station before."
Miss Itsuki observes our surroundings. The brisk attitude that the chief had had while listening to the status reports changes into a bright expression.
Chief: "Alright then, morning medical examinations will start now, so trainees please separately accompany your designated nurses ."
Sakuya: "...It finally begins."
Chief: "You’ll be paying visits to our patients . If they talk to you, smile and respond to them."
Chief: "That is your job for today. Okay?"
Asuka: "Yes, ma’am."
And so.
Shionogi: "Alright, nice to meet you. Um..."
Asuka: "I’m Asuka Osachi. I look forward to working with you today!"
Shionogi: "My name is Mayumi Shionogi. I’m still in my second year, so I’m not that different than all of you."
Asuka: "Oh, wait..."
Shionogi: "Yes, I’m a graduate of Teito Nursing Academy ."
Ms. Shionogi gives me a friendly laugh and I feel relieved for having been paired with someone nice.
Nao: "I’m Nao Osachi. Nice to meet you."
Sakuya: "I’m Sakuya Takeda. I look forward to learning from you today."
Itsuki: "Itsuki Amato. I’m looking forward to this."
In this manner, everyone greets the nurses that they’ve been paired with. Miss Itsuki’s designated nurse seems exceptionally happy... I can almost see the heart signs in her eyes... Ms. Shionogi laughs sardonically.
Shionogi: "She’s a sucker for good looks. I hope she can play the part of the instructor."
Sakuya: "Itsuki."
Itsuki: "I know, I know. I’ll take my training seriously, and I won’t cheat on you."
Sakuya: "...Stop being silly."
Miss Sakuya looks worried....Oh, Miss Itsuki’s designated nurse looks disappointed...
Nao: "Sis, do your best!"
Nao calls out, waving her hand, as she leaves the nurse station .
Asuka: "You too, Nao."
I wave back at her. Then I follow Ms. Shionogi and we go from one hospital room to the next.
Shionogi: "Good morning. Did you sleep well last night?"
When we had talked at the nurse station ... Perhaps it had been the fact that I heard she was a graduate of Teito Nursing Academy , but she had seemed more like a school senior than a nurse who was instructing me. However... Now that we’re moving from hospital room to room, when she greets the patients she’s suddenly transformed into every bit the nurse . She’s different from Ms. Ohara, but there’s no denying that she’s a professional nurse .
Shionogi: "Miss Osachi, introduce yourself."
Asuka: "Oh, y-yes. My name is Asuka Osachi. I’m a nursing student here for training. Nice to meet you."
Patient: "Oh, an aspiring nurse . Good luck."
The patient, a middle-aged lady, says this with a smile. That is all she does, but it makes me incredibly happy. The hospital rooms that Ms. Shionogi oversees seem to host mostly elderly patients . I greet them and they give me words of encouragement—this cycle continues. I had thought there might be some unfriendly people, but everyone is surprisingly nice.
Patient: "Asuka, is it? I was eating some pickles that someone brought me. Do you want some?"
Asuka: "Oh, thank you. Yay!"
Shionogi: "No, Miss Osachi. Not during work."
Asuka: "Oh, I’m sorry..."
Patient: "Huh? Why not? Come on, just a little."
Asuka: "Umm..."
Shionogi: "No, Mrs. Saku. Not while she’s under my watch."
Shionogi: "—Being able to decline such offers is part of the job."
Asuka: "I-I see. I’ll keep that in mind."
Asuka: (...My resistance to receiving food is too low...)
I’m both amazed and a little exasperated with myself. Going through a number of hospital rooms, I begin to suspect I have some sort of hungry expression on my face as offers of fruits and sweets are showered down on me. Assisted by Ms. Shionogi, I manage to turn them down and, in such a manner, we come to yet another hospital room.
Shionogi: "Well, about this hospital room—"
And the tone of her voice is different from what it had been before.
Shionogi: "There is just one young girl in this room."
Asuka: "Okay."
Shionogi: "She’s still 17 years old, but she has a complicated illness and she’s been hospitalized for years."
Asuka: "I see..."
Shionogi: "Her name is Yuki Seria."
Shionogi: "Sometimes she can be a bit difficult to handle, but last month the operation she underwent was successful and she’s been doing well since—"
Asuka: "Miss Yuki Seria."
Shionogi: "It seems her health has been good recently so she’s been behaving herself."
Asuka: "...Understood."
I swallow nervously. 17 years old. Only two years younger than me. And she’s been in the hospital for years... I wonder how that must feel. I can’t even begin to imagine.
Shionogi: "There are many patients like her. Be careful not to let your emotions get the better of you."
Asuka: "...Understood."
I enter the hospital room where Miss Yuki Seria is.
Yuki: "—Good morning, Ms. Shionogi."
I glance at her. Immediately, she gives off the impression of snow, clear and soft. Perhaps because she stays in the hospital room and doesn’t go out, her skin is astonishingly white. She has a dainty frame and gentle features... She seems delicate, almost to the point that if I were to touch her she would melt. She’s pretty, but not an obvious ‘beauty’ like Miss Sakuya or Miss Itsuki... How can I put it?
Asuka: (—Oh, that’s it.)
Uncharacteristically, I think of the perfect word.
Asuka: (Miss Seria is ‘ephemeral’—)
Shionogi: "Good morning, Yuki. How are you feeling?"
Yuki: "Ms. Shionogi, who is she?"
Asuka: "Oh, nice to meet you. My name is Asuka Osachi. I’m here for training. I’m a first year nursing student ..."
Yuki: "Oh, at Teito Nursing Academy ? Nice to meet you. I’m Yuki Seria."
She smiles softly and casually greets me.
Yuki: "Ms. Shionogi, I feel good today. Please tell the doctor that."
Shionogi: "I will. If he gives his permission, maybe we can take a walk in the gardens this evening."
Yuki: "Really? I’m looking forward to it."
Miss Seria may be ephemeral, but, perhaps because she is feeling well, she doesn’t seem particularly troubled. She is cooperative towards the medical examinations and seems an extremely well-mannered girl. Everything finishes swiftly, with experienced speed, and the whole time I stand by the bed and merely watch. Prompted by Ms. Shionogi, I attempt to leave the room when Miss Seria speaks.
Yuki: "Ms. Shionogi, can you leave her here?"
Asuka: "...Huh, me?"
Shionogi: "I can’t. Miss Osachi is in the middle of her training. We still have other rooms..."
Yuki: "Just for a little while. I don’t have many opportunities to talk to girls my age. Please?"
Saying this, she looks at me and smiles.
Asuka: "I don’t mind... oh, but."
I look at Ms. Shionogi. I had thought she would say no, but Ms. Shionogi contemplates this for a while. Then she mutters "why not"
to herself.
Shionogi: "Just ten minutes, okay? And I’m making an exception. I’ll go check on other hospital rooms during that time."
An unexpected turn of events!
Asuka: "Um..."
Shionogi: "Miss Osachi, you can stay and talk with Yuki for a while."
Shionogi: "In exchange, Yuki, I want you to do your best to eat all your food today."
Yuki: "Okay. Thank you, Ms. Shionogi."
Shionogi: "Alright, ten minutes, then."
Ms. Shionogi leaves me behind in the hospital room. I don’t know what to do at times like this. I’m supposed to talk to her... about what?
Asuka: "U-ummm."
Yuki: "Hehe. By the looks of it, it’s your first day of training, isn’t it?"
Asuka: "Oh, you can tell...? I must apologize."
Yuki: "I wish you wouldn’t be formal like that."
Asuka: "Oh, but..."
"Always address the patient with respect."
It had been written in the General Nursing Theory textbook, and Ms. Ohara had drummed it into us as well. How should I answer her? I fidget.
Yuki: "I understand how you feel. Around this time every year, a lot of people like you come here."
Miss Seria laughs and answers my unspoken question. Every year... so she really has been in the hospital for many years. Her white skin that seems have been crafted from porcelain seems to blend in all too well in the hospital. I cannot seem to find the right words.
Yuki: "What must it feel like to have spent years in a hospital?"
Asuka: "—!"
Yuki: "Your expression says it all."
Asuka: "Oh, um... how can I put it...? Yes."
I’m too honest. She giggles.
Yuki: "Heheh... you’re really easy to read, Asuka. Oh, can I call you Asuka?"
I nod my head timidly.
Yuki: "You can call me Yuki."
Asuka: "Oh... I-I-I don’t know..."
I stammer again.
Yuki: "Always address the patient with respect, right?"
Asuka: "—Oh, you know it."
Yuki: "But all the nurses here call me Yuki."
Yuki: "So you won’t get in trouble, you know?"
Now that I think about it, Ms. Shionogi had called her Yuki, hadn’t she? She hadn’t spoken in a formal tone, either. She had used more intimate language. I wonder if it’s okay. I wonder. Ms. Shionogi is a proper nurse and I’m just a student— Hmm.
Asuka: "...Alright, I’ll call you Yuki then."
I decide I might as well. I’m simple that way. I’m not very good at working out difficult problems. I am the manager of the Jellyfish Club, after all.
Yuki: "Thanks, that makes me happy. —Alright then."
Asuka: "???"
Yuki: "How it feels to spend years in a hospital..."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Yuki turns her eyes to glance at the window covered by the beige-colored curtain.
Yuki: "Well, every day feels like I’m at the bottom of the sea."
So that’s what being in the hospital for a long time is like.
Asuka: "The bottom of the sea..."
Yuki: "You don’t know what’s above the surface of the sea. Even if you did once know, you’ve forgotten."
Yuki: "Even the sky can only been seen through the lens of the sea and even if there are stars there, their light is only a vague blur. Not enough to tell they’re stars..."
Asuka: "The light of the stars—"
Asuka: (I’m reaching for the stars in the sky.)
Yuki: "No, for the fish living deep under the sea, they don’t even know the stars exist."
As Yuki says this, she has a wintery grin on her face....How can she even laugh about it?
Asuka: (I’m reaching...)
Asuka: (For the stars in the sky.)
Asuka: (Aimlessly... yet, still reaching—)
Asuka: (But Yuki—)
My thoughts are in a tangle. I try to move my mouth, but I can’t seem to.
Asuka: "Yuki, um, I..."
Yuki: "I’m sorry. That came out a little negative. Yeah, let’s talk about something fun."
Asuka: "...Okay."
I am upset with myself, although I’m not exactly sure why.
Asuka: "Ahaha. Um, alright, what do you want to talk about?"
Yuki: "Umm, let me see—"
Yuki tells me that she wants to hear about the nursing academy . So, until Ms. Shionogi comes back, I tell her about several incidents from my school life. She had said ten minutes, but Ms. Shionogi ends up returning in more like 30 minutes... Perhaps it had been intentional? In response to my stories, Yuki had listened with amusement and rapt fascination.
Yuki: "Asuka, I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse ."
After visiting all the designated hospital rooms, we nursing students meet up again at the nurse station . We are given a small break.
Asuka: "...And she said, ‘I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse .’"
I tell Nao about Yuki and she responds as happily as if it had happened to her.
Nao: "Wow! I’m glad for you, sis."
Sakuya: "All you did was talk with her. You’re getting ahead of yourself."
Asuka: "I thought you would say that, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "...Hm."
Nao: "Ahaha."
Asuka: "I exchanged email addresses with her. She said she was able to send texts from her hospital room."
Itsuki: "—But, hey..."
Miss Itsuki looks at me with cool eyes.
Itsuki: "Didn’t they say it’s forbidden to exchange contact info with patients ? I turned down everyone who asked."
Sakuya: "Yeah, I did too."
Asuka: "Th-that’s true, but..."
Machi & Michi: "Oh, it’s not allowed. It’s not."
Asuka: "Ack..."
With my own team members turning against me, the effect is fairly brutal...
Asuka: "P-please just let it slide this once... Besides, Yuki said she didn’t have any friends her own age."
Nao: "And you can’t go and tell her you take it back now. That’ll just hurt her."
Nao says this and everyone seems to agree that it can’t be reversed now. What a relief. I look up at the ceiling.
Asuka: "But it must really be hard for a girl like that to have to be in the hospital all this time."
I remember Yuki in her bed. Her pale skin that didn’t seem to know the sunlight. Appearing like fleeting snow, she had somehow matched so well with her hospital surroundings. As if it were a perfectly painted picture. But that isn’t a good thing at all.
Asuka: (What does it mean to become a nurse ?)
—I think for the first time how late it is to be asking that question.
Sakuya: "...I’m not so sure it’s wise to get attached to a specific patient ."
Miss Sakuya’s words. "There are many patients like her. Be careful not to let your emotions get the better of you."
Ms. Shionogi had told me the same thing. And Ms. Ohara had said something similar once during class.
Asuka: "...Yes, I know. I know. I think."
I’d like to think I do... but I’m not confident.
Itsuki: "Well, it’s a job that deals with people, so it’s not that easy to control."
Nao: "Where I was, there was this little girl."
Nao knits her brow.
Nao: "And I felt my heart ache for her."
Asuka: "Yeah..."
Itsuki: "When the Princess went to visit a hospital room where an elderly patient was in pain with cancer, she almost started crying as well."
Sakuya: "That’s not true... but, yes, it can be difficult."
Then Miss Sakuya continues, as if trying to convince herself.
Sakuya: "But, if we’re to become nurses ... we can’t give in to that."
Machi and Michi nod. Nao looks at the clock hanging on the wall.
Nao: "Break time is almost over. Let’s head back to see the chief."
Asuka: "Oh, before that, I need to use the bathroom—"
Saying this, I attempt to rush out from the nurse station . When, suddenly. Crash! Something smashes into the wall. It’s near the nurse station . I stop in my tracks. And then.
Yuki: "No! Stay back!"
Yuki’s voice.
Asuka: "Yuki—?"
I head towards her voice. Standing there are several nurses and patients who have gathered in response to the commotion. Past the cluster of people, with her back to wall, Yuki sits on the floor.
Yuki: "Stop! Don’t look at me! No one come near! I mean it!"
Shionogi: "Yuki, it’s alright. Calm down, okay?"
Yuki: "I told you not to come near! I can’t take it! Don’t look at me! Don’t come close!"
Shionogi: "But we need to take care of it..."
Yuki: "I can’t take it! I-I! No! No, no, no!"
Asuka: (Huh? Huh? Huh? What’s happened?)
Asuka: "Yuki—"
Through the cluster of people, I try to see what has happened to her. And then I see the stain spread under Yuki’s bottom as she sits there against the wall—and my words falter into silence. I hear the voices of the nurses .
Nurse: ‘Quickly, bring towels! As many as you can!
Nurse: "What? Because she was feeling better she tried to go to the bathroom herself?"
Nurse: "Looks like she couldn’t make it. Now no one can get near her."
She had wet herself. For a 17 year old girl to experience that in a hospital hallway with countless others watching...
Yuki: "No! No, no, no, no!"
For Yuki, who had been so calm, to now be in such a complete state of disarray... I cannot move, as if my feet have been glued to the spot. I cannot speak, as if my lips have been frozen shut. Sakuya walks up next to me, biting her lip.
Sakuya: "It looks like she couldn’t make it to the toilet."
Asuka: "...!"
Sakuya: "...But there’s nothing we can do about it. We’ll have to leave it to the nurses . The most we can do is mop the floor afterwards—"
Miss Sakuya’s voice reminds me of Ms. Ohara’s words yesterday. "Tomorrow, you will not do anything."
—When I had heard that... There had been a small pang of disappointment at knowing I wouldn’t be able to do anything. But really, more than anything... I had been relieved. "Not do anything."
That meant I didn’t have to do anything. That meant I couldn’t fail, and I couldn’t get in trouble. All I would have to do is watch. I mean, that’s really my cup of tea. Comfortable. Carefree.
Asuka: (But...)
Asuka: (Does that apply when a girl has wet herself in front of you and is crying?)
Asuka: (I wonder.)
Asuka: (—I wonder if the rules still apply?)
Even now, there is the jellyfish part of me just floating around. "Don’t do anything that’ll make things harder for you. Take it easy."
The jellyfish part of me says as it picks its nose. It would be completely correct.  In most cases. No... even in this case.
Asuka: "—"
So.
Sakuya: "Asuka?"
Why are my feet moving towards the cluster of people as if to part them?
Itsuki: "...Dummy Girl?"
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "I’ve made up my mind."
Made up my mind to do what?
Asuka: "I’m not sure, but—"
I feel my lower body relax.
Asuka: (Even though I couldn’t do it during bedpan training... How ironic.)
I can feel the warm sensation spreading slowly across my underwear. But it doesn’t stop there. I feel it soaking its way out and trickling down my inner thigh.
Asuka: (Eeeh, I can feel it dripping...)
Asuka: "Yuki... Ms. Shionogi!"
I’m pretty sure I’d drawn their attention already by stepping forward.
Shionogi: "Miss Osachi? —!?"
For a moment, she speaks in a questioning voice, but it quickly turns to a gasp of surprise.
Asuka: "Ms. Shionogi, I wet my pants as well."
All I know is that the vibe surrounding me changes drastically. The liquid spills down my leg... um, well, the pee runs down through my socks and soaks my shoes. On the floor, a small puddle is forming.
Asuka: "Yuki."
I look at Yuki. Between us, our little puddles connect. I beam a smile at her. Showing her this is all no big deal.
Asuka: "We’re in this together now. —I mean, this kinda thing happens all the time."
I have no idea what will happen after this. But...
Yuki: "Asuka—"
In her amazement, Yuki seems to have calmed down a little. Alright. All is well. Only I do feel bad that there are now two people’s messes to clean up.
Shionogi: "Miss Osachi, you...!"
Asuka: (Ah, I guess I’m probably going to get in trouble—)
In the back of my mind, I know this. And this is what happens afterwards.
Chief: "Regardless of the fact that this is your first training session, you should have been aware of the fundamental principles of nursing."
I am in trouble. A lot of it. Yuki had been taken by a nurse back to her hospital room and, of course, I was told to change immediately. Nao went to buy a change of underwear for me at the hospital shop. I changed into my regular clothes and waited at the nurse station . I don’t have a training outfit to wear anymore, so there’s nothing I can do. The chief, who had seem so gentle-looking, is seething with anger. All I can do is brace myself.
Asuka: "...Yes, ma’am."
Chief: "In a hospital, where there are many with low immune systems, you should be well aware of the importance of keeping a sterile and clean environment..."
Chief: "And the effort that goes into doing so, yes?"
Asuka: "...Yes, ma’am."
Chief: "What you did may have been done with the intention of easing her pain..."
Chief: "But, in doing so, you created an unsterile environment for the other patients ."
Asuka: "...Yes, ma’am."
Chief: "—Luckily, your classmate took care of the matter swiftly and so it did not lead to any serious problems—"
Asuka: "Huh?—"
I wonder what she meant by that, but I’m in no situation to ask.
Chief: "...In any case, I want you to think carefully about whether your decision was the best way to handle the situation."
Chief: "Consider whether there might have been an alternative way to ease her pain and lessen the embarrassment."
Asuka: "....Yes, ma’am."
I remain helplessly downtrodden.
Chief: "Alright, along with a self-analysis of your actions today, I want you to think about how it would be best to act if faced with a similar situation again."
Chief: "Write a report and submit it tomorrow."
Asuka: "Huhhh?"
Chief: "Not ‘huhhh’. As a nurse , what you did today was unacceptable."
Chief: "Your actions were focused only on a single patient . Consider carefully how it must have appeared to the other patients watching."
The chief’s words cut deeply.
Chief: "Would you want to be taken care of by a nurse who wets herself in the hallways and laughs about it? Would you trust her?"
Asuka: "Oh..."
I hadn’t been thinking. Not about any of the other patients besides Yuki.
Chief: "Even aside from the sanitation aspect, if a small child who had just finished potty-training had seen it, it may have regressed him or her to bedwetting again."
Chief: "That is how sensitive the patients here are to changes in their environment. Remember that."
Asuka: "Yes, ma’am—"
Even at the end, the chief does not spare a single kind word for me. Afternoon comes, and Ms. Ohara, who had been visiting trainees in other hospitals, comes to check on us. Hearing about the peeing incident from the chief, Ms. Ohara’s eyes go wide.
Kaede: "...Oh dear."
For a moment, it seems she cannot find any further words to say. However, afterwards, Ms. Ohara bows profusely over and over again to the chief and apologizes for her own failings as a teacher. Ms. Shionogi told me secretly, but if a trainee causes trouble there are times when the hospital will decide to stop accepting any future trainees. So, apparently to avoid this as well, Ms. Ohara is apologizing over and over.
Asuka: (I’m the worst student ever...)
Ms. Ohara speaks to me.
Kaede: "I’m assuming you acted out of a desire to help the patient , but what you did was wrong."
Asuka: "Yes, ma’am."
Kaede: "This is a hospital. It is an environment where care must be given to keeping it sterile and clean."
Asuka: "...Yes, ma’am. I’m sorry."
The chief had told me this over and over again. I had been on the verge of tears.
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "...Yes."
Kaede: "I want you to submit a written apology to the hospital by tomorrow."
Asuka: "An apology for peeing myself...?"
Kaede: "Yes. Five pages."
Asuka: (Um, is that... is that...?)
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, um, the chief told me to submit a report also..."
Kaede: "That is separate to this, of course."
Asuka: (Huh—!!!)
I’m doomed. I’ve been delivered the finishing blow... I know I cannot complain, but...
Kaede: "...Ahh..."
In the end, a single sigh escapes Ms. Ohara’s lips. What emotions she held within that sigh were unknown to me in my doomed state. My mind is blank as I stand in the corner of the nurse station in a daze. Furtively, Nao approaches and whispers.
Nao: "Sis, I was really moved by what you did. You were incredible."
Miss Itsuki also adds her appraisal.
Itsuki: "I’m impressed."
This makes me feel a little better. Miss Sakuya says nothing to me....In fact, after the incident and until training finishes, I remain in the nurse station the entire time. Not once does Miss Sakuya return, giving me no chance to talk with her. However, after hearing that Miss Sakuya had been the one to take the initiative to clean up my mess in the hallway, I come to the realization that the "classmate"
the chief had mentioned was her.
Asuka: (...E-eek...! I feel so bad!)
And undeniably embarrassed. Then, when the day’s training finishes, and it’s time to go home...
Sakuya: "Asuka."
As I step out of the hospital, I hear her call out from behind me. I turn around.
Asuka: (Oh, there’s that ‘star’ again—)
I see it, transposed on her figure. My heart gives a small jolt.
Asuka: "??? What is it, Miss Sakuya?"
Having heard Miss Sakuya had been the one to clean up after me, I am so embarrassed I can’t stop it from showing on my face. I’d like to think the evening sunset helps to hide the color. I can’t stop my eyes from going down to her fingers. They are lithe and beautiful. Fingers that would look perfect playing the piano. Fingers that belong to a lady of class. And those fingers had had to clean my pee... Miss Sakuya looks at me seriously. Yet, somehow, there seem to be traces of a smile.
Sakuya: "Just maybe..."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "You might just become a good nurse ."
Her voice is gentle.
Asuka: "—!"
I am happy. So. So. Happy. For some reason, it is almost enough to make me cry.
Asuka: "...’I’m sorry for peeing my pants in the hospital.’..."
That night. I write and write my apology letter. This is... tough.
Asuka: "...Hey, Nao."
Nao: "What is it, sis?"
Asuka: "Do you really think I can write a five page apology about me peeing myself?"
To top it off, after this, I still have to write the report requested by the chief... I really don’t even want to think about it.
Nao: "D-do your best, sis...!"
But I don’t wanna... (Willpower: zero.)
Asuka: "Hm, I got a text. —Oh, it’s from Yuki!"
After what had happened, Yuki had been taken to her hospital room, had her body wiped, and changed into her nightwear. Tired from everything that had happened, she had fallen asleep and I had been unable to say goodbye when I left the hospital. It was the one thing I had regretted not being able to do, so I quickly open the message. The subject reads, ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager.’
Asuka: "Aha! Cheeky girl."
I say cheerfully. When I had been talking to her in the hospital room about my life as a nursing student , I had ended up telling her about the Jellyfish Club I had started in high school. Yuki had laughed as she listened. I read the message.
Asuka: "‘I just woke up.’—Really?"
The words that followed were short.
Asuka: "......"
‘Thank you for today.’ —What does it mean to become a nurse ? I still have no idea. But... Inside my heart, something has begun to twitch into life. I’ll take my time and write her a response later.
Asuka: "Heh, Nao."
Nao: "Oh, sis, you suddenly have a really positive aura about you."
Asuka: "Alrighty then, let’s quickly take care of this apology letter."
Asuka: "I’ll say everything I have to say in my own words about peeing my pants."
Asuka: "‘Pants-peeing can sometimes function as a bridge to connect hearts.’—"
Nao: "...That’s not even an apology anymore..."
Asuka: "I don’t think I’ll flush out an apology. You know, especially since I peed my pants. Get it?"
Nao: "Is that a pun?"
Reprimanded by Nao, I write it properly afterwards. Both the apology and the report take until the morning. I hardly get to catch a wink of sleep.
====================scr00121.kgo====================
First-term mid-term exams are over—
Asuka: "I’m... done—!"
The bell sounds and, after collecting the final test papers, Ms. Ohara says a few words. My body trembles and I get slightly teary-eyed.
Nao: "Good job, sis."
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi, a sense of freedom is nice, but remember to stay alert."
Ms. Ohara says, with her angelic smile, that according to the test results I may have extra lessons to attend during the summer holidays. Ouch....But. I have made it through the long and painful first-term mid-term exams. At least for today, I won’t allow anything to ruffle my wings of freedom.
Kaede: "At least for today, I’m sure it’ll be fine for you to kick back, but remember to do everything in moderation."
Saying this, Ms. Ohara gathers the test papers into a bundle and leaves the classroom. As if that were the cue, the classroom erupts with excited voices. I look at Nao. She is putting her pencil case away and preparing to go home. I keep my gaze on her—
Asuka: "By the way, Nao, here’s a pop quiz for you."
Nao: "Huh, a quiz?"
Asuka: "Drum roll, please. How do you say the English word ‘from’ in Japanese?"
Nao: "...I think the word ‘from’ is something like ‘karano’."
Asuka: "Shorten it, shorten it."
Nao: "‘Kara’?"
Asuka: "Bingo. Now the second question. Drum roll please."
Nao looks at me as if I’ve gone slightly mad.
Asuka: "When someone says something, what single word do you use to agree to it?"
Nao: "...’Yes’?"
Asuka: "Close. The other one!"
Nao: "Um, ‘OK’?"
Asuka: "Correct! Alright, now when you say the first and the second answer together what does it turn into?"
Nao: "??? Um... ‘Kara’... ‘ok’."
Asuka: "Repeat it."
Nao: "Kara... ok... kara... ok... Karaoke."
Nao says this blankly and then she laughs a little.
Nao: "Sis, it’s odd. I suddenly want to go sing karaoke."
Asuka: "Oh, that is odd. I want to too, Nao!"
Asuka: "The best way to celebrate finishing those tasking tests has gotta be karaoke!"
I confirm once again how great a sister Nao is as she goes along with my charade.
Asuka: "But, Nao. Do you mind if I invite them along?"
Nao: "???"
Asuka: "The other members from our group."
Nao: "Yeah, why not? We’ve been through this together. I’m all for it."
Asuka: "Yay!"
And, so, I was able to receive Nao’s blessing. First of all, I ask Machi and Michi who are sitting a few seats in front of us. But.
Machi & Michi: "We’ve already made plans!"
Asuka: "Oh, where are you going?"
Machi & Michi: "We’re gonna go clubbing and pull an all-nighter."
The two of them say together as they look at each other for confirmation. Whoa. That’s a whole other world to mine. In that case, it can’t be helped. Next, I ask...
Itsuki: "Karaoke?"
Asuka: "I was wondering if you guys wanted to come along. You know, the place near the station."
Itsuki: "Hah, sounds good. Count me in."
Nao: "What about you, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "Karaoke. Well..."
Our gazes fall on her and Miss Sakuya thinks for a while. Just because she’s a high-class girl, there’s no way she doesn’t know about karaoke. Maybe she has other plans. But, if she has plans, then I would assume Miss Itsuki wouldn’t be available either. Miss Sakuya, who had lowered her gaze to her desk to think, suddenly lets out a light sigh.
Sakuya: "Alright. I don’t have much interest in singing, but let’s go."
Asuka: "Yah!"
I strike a small pose of triumph.
Asuka: "Time to bring out Asuka’s ‘greatest hits.’"
And I mean it. —Karaoke. It is a place for fun and to play hardball. It is a place where the song and singer (yours truly) use the karaoke machine to clash in earnest. It is a heated battlefield. It doesn’t matter whether you’re good or bad. All that matters is that you sing your heart out. Points? Who cares about that. You just need to sing big, with your heart, and with everything you have. That alone will raise the singer’s (yours truly’s) energy, open their heart, and allow them to have fun. So much fun—
Asuka: "...Huh... how did it end up like this?"
My voice trembles slightly.
Asuka: "How did it end up like this!?"
Sakuya: "Come on, Asuka. Stop talking gibberish and answer the question."
Asuka: "Wait, wait, Miss Sakuya! This is a karaoke booth. You know it’s a place where you’re supposed to sing and enjoy yourself, right?"
Sakuya: "I’m well aware of that."
Asuka: "Then, why do I have my test worksheet spread out on the table...?"
Sakuya: "It’s obvious."
There is not a trace of hesitation in Miss Sakuya’s gaze as she looks at me. She speaks as if she is bringing down the blade of justice on my head.
Sakuya: "It’s because this is a study meeting that happens to be being held in a karaoke booth."
Asuka: "But I don’t wanna! I don’t wanna have come all this way to karaoke just to study! I don’t wanna!"
Miss Itsuki, who is holding the microphone, laughs loudly, drowning out my desperate protest.
Itsuki: "Oh... that’s hilarious. Hey, Princess, we’re allowed to do as we want, right?"
Sakuya: "Yes. Please do refrain from making a ruckus though. It’ll be greatly appreciated."
Itsuki: "Gotcha. Alright, let me just turn the volume down a little..."
She presses buttons on the karaoke remote with the smoothness of someone used to using it.
Asuka: "It’s unfair that only Miss Itsuki gets to sing! This is discrimination!"
Sakuya: "It’s ‘distinction.’ Just so you know, in terms of book study , Itsuki has better grades than me. She’s probably top in our class."
Sakuya: "Asuka, while the memory is still fresh in your head, you need to focus on reviewing the mistakes you made."
Sakuya: "That way the memory will take root and it’ll be harder to forget."
...I can’t bring myself to tell her that I wouldn’t mind forgetting.
Asuka: "But, with all this singing going on around me, how am I supposed to remember anything...?"
Sakuya: "If you concentrate enough, you won’t be able to hear it. It’s not a problem."
Asuka: "But, but... my shining wings of freedom..."
Sakuya: "Regarding those..."
Miss Sakuya laughs coldly.
Sakuya: "I’ll rip them off for you."
Asuka: "Scary! Just imagining it makes my back hurt!"
Sakuya: "I’m joking. But if I invited you to a regular study meeting, you would’ve run away, right? And Nao probably would’ve gone easy on you."
Asuka: "It was a trap!?"
Sakuya: "Yes, it was. And?"
Asuka: "Waahh!>_<"
Miss Itsuki’s hands pause halfway through choosing a song.
Itsuki: "You should’ve been suspicious when she said she wasn’t interested in singing, but would tag along."
Sakuya: "Exactly. I gave you a hint."
Asuka: "...H-how am I supposed to analyze everything you say...?"
(I quiver.)
Sakuya: "Alright, next question—"
Just then the door opens and Nao, who had gone to the drink bar, returns.
Nao: "I’ve brought drinks for everyone."
Itsuki: "Oh, thanks."
Sakuya: "Thank you, Nao. I’m sorry for making you bring them."
Nao: "Not at all. Here, sis. Cold green tea."
Nao: "I brought diet cola for you, Miss Itsuki, ice tea for you, Miss Sakuya, and orange juice for me and..."
Asuka: "Nao, help me!"
Sakuya: "I heard, Asuka, that on your first day of school you declared you would become independent of your sister."
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao: "Ahaha... She was curious and asked a lot of questions..."
Asuka: "Oh dear..."
Nao: "Well, studying in a karaoke booth could make for a good change of pace... maybe?"
Asuka: "It’s not good at all. It might be a change of pace, but it’s a bad one. My future is hopeless. Oh, the humanity!"
Itsuki: "Haha, you know weird expressions, Dummy Girl."
Sakuya: "You can say whatever you’d like. Once you finish all the questions, you can sing to your heart’s content."
Asuka: "By the time I finish all of this, I’m pretty sure I’ll be an old lady."
Nao: "My big sister as an old lady... I’m sure you’d be adorable."
(She glows.)
Sakuya: "That’s not the point. How long are you planning on taking to finish this?"
Itsuki: "You Osachi sisters. Asuka is one thing, but you’re pretty hilarious as well, Little Osachi."
Nao: "Ahaha. Thanks."
Asuka: "At this rate, I probably won’t even be able to sing one song..."
Asuka: "I want to sing songs like ‘Beyond Rain Castle’, ‘You Hill’, and ‘Love Bar’..."
Sakuya: "You’re an Enka music fan...? If you want to sing then hurry up and finish this here."
Asuka: "...You’re mean..."
I say this with all the hatred and gloominess I can muster up from deep down inside me. But Miss Sakuya seems unperturbed. Totally fine. Unyielding. In fact, she seems to almost be enjoying herself. She looks at me—
Sakuya: "You can call me mean. And you can hate me as much as you like."
Asuka: "No, Sakuya. Actually, I like you."
..................
Asuka: "......Huh?"
Did the energy in the room suddenly change?
Nao: "...Sis, Miss Sakuya is Miss Itsuki’s girlfriend..."
Sakuya: "......"
Miss Sakuya doesn’t say anything.
Itsuki: "Trying to chat a girl up in front of her girlfriend. You really are hilarious, Asuka."
Asuka: "Ahh! Oh, no, that’s not what I meant!"
Realizing what I had said, blood rushes to my head. To top it off, I had just called Miss Sakuya by her name only... I think. Oops.
Asuka: "What I meant was, um, as a friend. You know, as a classmate."
Sakuya: "I’m well aware of that... Honestly."
A tired sigh escapes Miss Sakuya’s lips.
Sakuya: "We’re not getting through these questions at all. Let’s take a short break."
Saying this, she gets up from the sofa, opens the door and steps out.
Asuka: (B-bathroom break... I guess?)
Asuka: "...Phew."
I stare up at the ceiling of the karaoke booth.
Itsuki: "Little Osachi, what kind of songs do you usually sing?"
Nao: "Mmm, nothing in particular. Oh, usually I sing duets with my sister."
Itsuki: "...Right, I see."
Asuka: (I know that Miss Sakuya is Miss Itsuki’s girlfriend. I know that.)
Asuka: (My feelings towards Miss Sakuya...)
Asuka: (They’re based on her beauty and charisma and... It’s more of an admiration.)
Asuka: (Yes, yes. That’s it. So it’s alright. There’s no problem.)
I must not think past that.
Asuka: (...I wonder why my chest hurts a little—)
Sakuya: "...Alright, let’s continue."
Miss Sakuya returns five minutes later. As she enters, almost simultaneously Miss Itsuki’s requested song begins to play. It’s heavy, powerful, and passionate—
Asuka: "It’s a bit loud..."
Itsuki: "Alright, let’s do this! The theme song from ‘ Deluxe Machine: Dohadeo ’!"
Itsuki: "Go-go-go-go-gorgeous, deluxe! Come hither, Dohadeo!!!"
Asuka & Sakuya: "Turn it off!"
Itsuki: "...Damn it. It’s a good song."
Nao: "Ahahaha."
Miss Itsuki looks annoyed. In the end, even after the three hours of karaoke that we had signed up for finishes, I still haven’t finished half of the questions. Well, I’m the only one to blame for that. We leave the store without me having been able to sing a single song... I feel like I could cry. Under the evening sky, we walk together towards Hakuran Dormitory .
Asuka: "Mmm... well, in my case it was my own fault, but..."
Nao: "But?"
Asuka: "Were you okay with that, Miss Sakuya? In the end, you didn’t even sing one song."
Sakuya: "I told you. I have no interest in singing."
Asuka: "You really meant it?"
Itsuki: "Well, when you’re feeling particularly cheery, Sakuya, you do hum sometimes."
Sakuya: "I do not."
Itsuki: "You do, you do. You just don’t realize it."
Sakuya: "Really...?"
Asuka: (Oh—)
Listening to the two of them talk, I remember. In front of the dorm. Miss Itsuki going on a date with Miss Sakuya. Miss Sakuya had been humming then....She doesn’t remember. But she looked like she was having so much fun.
Asuka: (Or maybe she doesn’t remember precisely because she was having so much fun?)
Maybe she doesn’t remember the details. Imagining this childish side to Miss Sakuya amuses me.
Sakuya: "That being said, Nao, you really are impressive."
Nao: "...Huh, me?"
Sakuya: "You’re the one that does all the cooking and cleaning for both of you, right?"
Sakuya: "On top of that, you even help Asuka with her studies. It must be hard on you."
Nao: "Hard?"
Nao seems puzzled for a moment.
Nao: "Ahaha. No, not at all."
Itsuki: "Great smile. Looks like she’s telling the truth. Impressive, especially in contrast to her elder sister."
Asuka: "...Nghh."
Nao: "I wouldn’t want my sister to be like me. Asuka is Asuka and that is what’s great about her."
Sakuya: "But imagine what it’d be like if you weren’t around, Nao."
Itsuki: "Well, first she wouldn’t have gotten into Teito Nursing Academy . It’s pretty difficult, unless you were to use some backdoor means..."
Itsuki: "Oh, but then she wouldn’t be able to keep up at school."
Itsuki: "That being said, it’s kind of suspicious that she’s managing to now."
Miss Itsuki says, grinning at me.
Asuka: "...Nghh."
Usually, I wouldn’t care— In fact, I would enthusiastically agree and proudly brag about Nao. But for some reason it gets to me. Perhaps... it’s because I didn’t get to sing even one song at karaoke. Silently, I slowly bring out my smartphone and begin to tap on it.
Asuka: "......"
Sakuya: "Asuka?"
I open my photo folder. From amongst my photos, I chose the oldest one. I tap it with my finger.
Asuka: "...Heheh... Well, now Nao is the lovely, cute girl that she is, but—"
A single digital photo fills up the entire screen on my smartphone .
Sakuya & Itsuki: "???"
Nao: "Huh, sis...? You’re not...?!"
Asuka: "But actually in junior high, she was a bad girl! One of the cool crowd! And this super rare photo proves it!"
Nao: "No, sis! Eek!"
Itsuki: "...Hoho, wow."
Nao: "Sis, please! Put it away! Ee-ee-eek!"
Sakuya: "This is pretty... hah..."
Itsuki: "Thick eye shadow, baggy skirts, and a Hanya-demon brooch!"
Sakuya: "That around her wrist... Is it a scrunchy? I guess she wanted to maintain her femininity as well..."
Nao: "Stop... stop it..."
Asuka: "It’s a rare sight to see, isn’t it? Eheh."
Nao: "Why do you still have that! I told you to delete it so many times! Stop it!"
Itsuki: "Well, I think it’s kinda cute... Hehe."
Sakuya: "Yes, you’re right. In its own way, it’s very cute... Heh... I’m sorry."
Asuka: "Right, right? It’s my favorite."
I nod proudly.
Nao: "Ahh..."
Asuka: "By the way, back then, her bad friends used to call her the Ice Demon—"
Nao: "...Sis."
Nao turns on me with a dangerously threatening air.
Asuka: "Huh!?"
Nao: "...You’re gonna make me really mad, you know?"
Asuka: "I’m sorry!!!"
I bow so low my head nearly touches my knees. There is no way I could do something so dangerous as actually upsetting Nao. I delete the photo and put away my smartphone .
Sakuya: "Well, I guess everyone has a past."
Nao: "Argh, please, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki, erase that photo from your memory. It’s embarrassing."
Sakuya: "Of course. People have secrets they want to keep to themselves—"
Nao: "Thanks."
Itsuki: "What was that carved in the wooden sword you were carrying? Killer—?"
Nao: "Miss Itsuki!"
That night. After exchanging good nights, we go to our beds. In bed in the pitch black room, I secretly take out my smartphone and start using it. I open another super-rare photo of Nao. When she was still a first year in junior high....She’s still dressed like a bad girl, but there’s an innocence to her of having just graduated from elementary school.
Asuka: (Nao keeps telling me to delete it...)
Asuka: "...But I can’t."
After all, this is also a very special memory for me. If you looked at us now, you’d think we’d be able to enter a competition for the world’s closest sisters and probably win, but when we were small that hadn’t been the case. When she was small... Nao had been a quiet, doll-like younger sister. I had never seen her get mad, laugh, or do anything like that. In fact, she hardly spoke, and when I used to ask her to play with me Nao never went along with it. When I would go outside with my friends, Nao would stay home alone or go out on her own. I remember thinking I had a weird younger sister. But I was busy playing with my friends and I didn’t have much time to think about Nao. I wasn’t really interested. Then, one day, when we were in sixth grade at elementary school, Nao came home from a walk in an odd state. I had been home at the time.
Young Nao: "...I’m home."
Nao appeared to be her usual self and had spoken as if nothing had happened. But her appearance and her clothes... Her jacket was a little ruffled up and there were spots of—blood all over. Seeing this, Mom had quickly checked Nao’s body, but she hadn’t been hurt. The blood had belonged to someone else.
Young Nao: "It’s nothing."
Nao said nothing. Neither to me or our mom. But the next day I found out what had happened. Rumors had spread about how a local bully (a junior high student) had, half in jest, picked on an elementary school student and had, herself, taken a beating instead. Nao was a ferocious fighter. I hadn’t known, and was shocked to hear it. Because of that one incident, Nao somehow became well-known amongst that type... the bad girl type. By the time she was in junior high, she seemed to be surrounded by these girls who, without invitation, volunteered to become her henchmen....Nao thought it was a hassle, but she let them be. The photos in my smartphone were taken around that time. Nao told me that her henchmen-like followers had practically forced her into that outfit. When you think of it that way, it could be considered something of a cosplay. One of her henchmen considerately... or probably just to brag, had sent that photo to me, her elder sister. In any case. Like that, Nao in junior high school had become a famous bad girl. Of course, Nao was simply continuing to be the silent doll, and it was just those around her who had decided she was bad. For me, Nao continued to be the younger sister that I didn’t quite understand. —And then. The ‘incident’ happened a little before summer vacation in our second year of junior high. Nao was challenged to a fight by another group of bad girls from a different junior high. She had received a text on her cellphone, asking her come to a certain place and fight. The reason why I know about this is because I had seen the text. On the screen of Nao’s cell phone that she accidentally forgot at home. I’d gone alone to that place. I don’t think I had thought things over much when I had gone. I’d gone to tell them to "stop messing with my younger sister."
I’d given no thought to what might happen to me. I’d thought everything would work out if I asked them. I was an idiot. As a result, I ended up upsetting the group of bad girls instead and, well... they beat me to a pulp. I don’t remember much of what happened after, but when I realized it the bad girls had left and Nao had come.
Young Nao: "...Why... did you do this?"
Nao says in a voice that isn’t like her usual self. In response, I say.
Young Asuka: "Because, Nao, I’m your..."
I think I said something, but I don’t remember what. I had lost consciousness then. When I came around, I was in a hospital bed. Near my bed were my parents and Nao. Nao’s eyes were filled with tears.
Young Asuka: (Oh, Nao’s crying face. I’ve never seen it before. She’s so adorable.)
I had thought blurrily. In the end, due to this incident, Nao had retired from being a bad girl. Being busy with work, my parents weren’t able to visit me much in the hospital. Instead, Nao had taken it upon herself to take care of me... It had been around this time that I had told her she was ‘my miracle drug.’ I was hospitalized for about a week. My body had been surprisingly strong and I had no major injuries or broken bones. My hospitalization was mostly for recuperation and to run precautionary tests. Nao had waited on me hand and foot during that time and, by the time I had left the hospital, I was completely reliant on her. And here I am now. It was a short hospitalization, but it is a precious memory for me.
Asuka: (Oh, but...)
There is one mystery that remains to me. A memory as precious as that and, yet, on the last night of my week in the hospital, I can’t seem to recall what happened... It is missing completely from my memory. I wonder why.
Asuka: (Well, my memory has never been very good to begin with...)
Asuka: "...Haa."
Gazing at the picture, memories blossom in my mind. I feel as if I’m drifting in a dream.
Asuka: "—"
I tap my smartphone and turn off the screen. I place it next to my pillow. Now all that’s left is for me to sleep.
Nao: "Sis, are you still awake?"
Asuka: "—!?"
Hearing Nao’s voice from her bed, I twitch in surprise. Did she know I’d been looking at the picture!?
Asuka: "Y-yeah, what?"
Nao: "Hey, sis, um..."
Asuka: "Yes?"
Nao: "Sis, do you like Miss Sakuya?"
Nao’s voice is small and quiet. Almost like her voice had been when she was younger. A voice that makes it hard for me to guess what she’s thinking. Not waiting for my reply, Nao continues.
Nao: "If you do... I’ll support you, you know?"
Nao lobs a dangerous ball in my court. Hold on a second. Miss Sakuya is Miss Itsuki’s girlfriend— Nao had been the one to warn me about that during karaoke.
Asuka: "Ahaha. No, it’s not like that."
Nao: "Really?"
Asuka: "Yeah, really."
Nao: "I see. By the way, sis..."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Nao: "Which do you prefer? Girls with large breasts or small ones?"
Asuka: "What kind of question is that!?"
In my surprise, all traces of sleepiness leave me.
Asuka: "I-I guess both have their appeal..."
Nao: "Hmm..."
For some reason there is a hint of dissatisfaction in Nao’s voice. Huh...? Our conversation ends there. I say goodnight to her once again. With my sleepiness having escaped me completely, I draw my blanket up to right below my nose. The room is quiet and from the crack in the curtain I can see a single star in the night sky.
Asuka: (No, it’s not like that—)
Asuka: "...I can’t sleep."
I mean, come on. It wasn’t like I had been thinking of naughty things. It wasn’t.
Asuka: (But, now that I thought about it, Miss Sakuya’s breasts were pretty big.) ...I had been thinking of naughty things. I’m sorry.
====================scr00122.kgo====================
Burn! I can’t help but think how incredible the sun’s power to cook us is. Because that’s really how it feels. —Burn! The rays it gives off are so strong it’s hard to look towards it. Its heat unforgivingly roasts my skin. The day before summer vacation starts, Ms. Ohara passes out a single paper to all of us during afternoon homeroom.
Asuka: "......"
I slowly turn my eyes towards the paper. Burn!
Asuka: "Argh, I can’t look."
I involuntarily avert my gaze.
Nao: "Sis..."
The words written on top of the paper are ‘Summer Vacation Homework List.’ ...The fact that it’s a list means that there is so much homework that, without it, it would be hard to keep track. Every time the homework had been announced for each different class, I had moaned about the amount.
Kaede: "Alright, everyone, this is the list of homework for you first years’ summer vacation."
The classroom is engulfed with cries of despair.
Machi & Michi: "Argh, no, no, no..."
Asuka: "......"
Hearing their voices, I once again slowly glance at the paper. Burn! The rays it gives off are so strong it’s hard to look towards it. It’s heat unforgivingly roasts my (soul’s) skin.
Asuka: "Aghh..."
Sakuya: "I was prepared for it... but it really is a lot."
Miss Sakuya uncharacteristically sounds nervous (although only slightly). But then she continues almost immediately.
Sakuya: "Heh, interesting. I accept the challenge."
Asuka: "She accepted it! Impressive as always..."
Itsuki: "We should hurry up and finish it during the first half of the holiday, then we can go off somewhere and have fun, Princess."
Sakuya: "I told you not to call me Princess at school—"
Miss Itsuki is saying something completely impossible. A part of me wishes... I could apprentice under her...
Nao: "It’s alright, sis."
Asuka: "Nao...?"
Nao: "If we plan properly and work at it consistently then we’ll be able to get through it. Leave it to me."
Nao is as reliable as ever, but...
Asuka: "‘Plan!’ and ‘consistent’...!"
These words only serve to make me tremble. Just then, Nao, who had been examining the paper carefully, seems to notice a specific point—
Nao: "Oh."
Asuka: "Wh-wh-what?"
Nao: "There are test drills from the past national exams ..."
Asuka: "—!?"
The national qualification exams that await us before graduation.... Test drills from these. In other words, workbooks.
Kaede: "Yes. I’m sure it’ll be difficult for all of you to get satisfactory scores at this point, but it’s important to grow accustomed to the exams from an early stage."
Kaede: "The goal is for you to comprehend your current capabilities and measure how far you are from the passing line."
Asuka: "...If I did that, I’d probably give up."
How far I am is probably the distance from the earth to the stars.
Nao: "Five years’ worth, huh... That’s quite a lot. It looks like it’s gonna be harder than I anticipated."
Asuka: "Nao... is saying something scary..."
Kaede: "At the end of your vacation, there will be a review test for each individual subject, so make sure to study properly."
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara... is also saying something scary..."
Kaede: "During summer vacation, the training room will be available for use. It’s important to review your training as well."
Kaede: "When the new term starts, you will be learning more difficult nursing skills, so please try to perfect what you’ve learned until now."
I’m beginning to grow dizzy.
Kaede: "I’ll be here at the academy during vacation, so if there’s anything you need help with, please come and ask."
Kaede: "—Oh, but, no asking me to ‘do your homework,’ okay?"
Kaede: "Hehehe."
Ms. Ohara was probably making a clever joke. But.
Students: "......"
The class seems drenched in utter gloom. (Only Miss Itsuki seems unaffected.)
Kaede: "U-um...? Okay..."
Ms. Ohara seems flustered by everyone’s response. Still, I am happy that I can visit Ms. Ohara whenever I want during summer vacation... And so......’Summer vacation’ finally begins...
Asuka: "What was... summer... vacation again...?"
Subject: ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’ That night, I get a text from Yuki for the first time in a while. ‘Hello. Have you started summer vacation already?’ ‘I am doing well. The results of the tests I took today were good.’ ‘Do your best too, Asuka.’ ...My despairing heart recovers (a little).
====================scr00201.kgo====================
However! One night soon after entering the summer vacation. Our Hakuran Dormitory is placed in a situation that threatens to plummet my recovering heart into despair once again. A blackout! It happens as soon as night falls. It’s already been three or four hours. To top it off, tonight is boiling hot.
Asuka: "Oh, oh, it’s hot..."
I stumble out into the hallway. Looking around, I see that other dorm students have done the same. It must be better than being a room with no air conditioning... That had been my thinking, but it’s really not that different. And, as luck would have it, there’s no wind today. Damn it. Homework? There’s no way I’m doing it now! In fact, I vehemently refuse to do it.
Itsuki: "Hey, Dummy Girl."
Hearing Miss Itsuki’s voice, I turn towards it and see Miss Itsuki and Miss Sakuya. Both of them are in their nightwear. Well, I am too.
Sakuya: "Evening, Asuka."
Asuka: "Evening!"
Itsuki: "Where’s your sister? Is she inside?"
Asuka: "Yeah."
Itsuki: "I’m surprised she’s alright. She must like the heat."
Asuka: "It’s the opposite. She’s pretty much collapsed. Nao isn’t very good with the summer heat."
Sakuya: "I see. Tonight must be hard on her."
Asuka: "I put an ice pack on her and fanned her with a fan, but I ended up soaked in sweat."
Itsuki: "Oh, you’re playing the role of big sister."
Asuka: "Well, just trying to make up for most days."
Sakuya: "...I wonder when the power is coming back."
Itsuki: "Seriously. All my hard work of leveling up has gone to waste."
She must be talking about gaming... She seems to have so much time.
Asuka: "Who cares about that."
Still worried about Nao, I can’t seem to think of any polite reply.
Sakuya: "...Ugh, I hate this. Just talking like this makes me sweaty."
Itsuki: "Do you want to take another shower, Princess?"
Itsuki: "I think I will. I wish I could cool myself from the inside—"
Miss Sakuya’s words suddenly make me realize.
Asuka: "Oh, that’s it! Ice cream!"
Sakuya & Itsuki: "???"
Asuka: "I’ll go buy some ice cream for her! I’m such a good older sister!"
I have some change on me since I had been thinking about buying a juice from the vending machine near the dorm entrance.
Asuka: "See you later, Miss Sakuya, Miss Itsuki!"
Sakuya: "Asuka, you’re going dressed like that?"
Asuka: "I’m fine, I’m fine. I’ll be right back anyway."
I sprint away from the two of them. Off to do good.
Sakuya: "The store near the dorm is probably blacked out as well..."
Itsuki: "Some stores have a backup generator... but I doubt that one does."
Sakuya: "It is pretty... small."
‘Store closed until power returns.’
Asuka: "Whaaaaat!?"
The small convenience store on the route to school, which probably used to be a mom-and-pop shop, is heartlessly closed. In front of the dark store is one, blunt notice paper.
Asuka: "Seriously! Heartless!"
In that case, I’ll have to head towards the station... It’s on the opposite side, past the dorm. I-in my pajamas? I guess it can’t be helped. It’s for Nao.
Asuka: "Ah, it’s bright around here—"
Around the station, showing no signs of being affected by the blackout, everything is bright. It’s already late at night. It’s not often that I come to the station at this hour. Especially in my pajamas.
Asuka: "...Let’s do this."
I scramble into a nearby convenience store. The clerks look surprised to see me dressed in pajamas, but I buy two cups of ice cream.
Asuka: "I need to get back before it melts—"
And so I run back down the road I came. I’m soaking with sweat. No time to think about it. Perhaps because I’m in a rush or perhaps because it’s dark due to the blackout— I make it all the way to the small convenience store still suffering from a blackout before I realize I’ve overshot the turn. In the moonlight I can read the notice that says, ‘Store closed until power returns.’
Asuka: (Why did I come all the way back here!?)
Just then—
Kaede: "...(Sigh)..."
???
Kaede: "Miss Osa—!?"
— — Huh, I thought I just saw Ms. Ohara... but I can’t see her anymore... And was she dressed in a track suit?
Asuka: (I wonder if I just imagined it—?)
I’m curious But Nao’s waiting for me
Asuka: "Mmm...?"
While I curiously examine the area where I had thought I’d just seen her, I see the moonlight reflect against something on the road... I walk up towards it and look.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s a key. Maybe... to a house."
I mutter this as I pick it up. Perhaps Ms. Ohara just dropped it. In that case, then Ms. Ohara must be worried. I’m keeping Nao waiting and I’m afraid the ice cream will melt, but I can’t just ignore this situation.
Asuka: "I wonder if she’s still nearby..."
I decide to look for her...............................And then.
Kaede: "It’s not here anywhere... Where did I drop my house key...? Oh no..."
There she is. And, yes, she’s wearing a track suit.
Asuka: (Oh, she looks so distressed...!)
Asuka: "M-Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "Miss Osa--!?"
Becoming aware of my presence, Ms. Ohara looks as she might rush off again.
Asuka: "Oh, wait, wait! Is this what you’re looking for!?"
I hold up the key and call out to her. Ms. Ohara stops in her tracks.
Asuka: "Um, it was on the ground near where I just spotted you."
Kaede: "Oh, it is!"
Ms. Ohara leaps forward in front of me.
Kaede: "Ohh, thank you, Miss Osachi... Now... I can get inside my house."
Asuka: "Y-yeah. I’m glad for you, Ms. Ohara."
Saying this, I can’t stop myself from staring at Ms. Ohara’s appearance. A reddish-brown track suit. And it looks as if it’s been well-worn... I seem to be catching a glimpse of Ms. Ohara’s personal life. The track suit looks great on her. But...
Asuka: "Oh..."
Kaede: "??? What’s the matter, Miss Osachi?"
Asuka: "Oh, um, nothing. I’m just a little surprised to see you walking around dressed so informally..."
I voice my honest opinion.
Kaede: "—!"
Ms. Ohara has an obvious look that says ‘oops!’ on her face.
Kaede: "N-n-no, it’s not what it looks like."
Kaede: "It’s not like this track suit is something I usually wear around in the house and I wanted to go buy an ice cream, but I was too lazy to change."
Kaede: "And so I decided, I’ll just go like this. No, no, that isn’t the case at all..."
Kaede: "Yes! The thing, is I’m in the middle of jogging. Yes, that’s it! I’m a jogger and I’m jogging."
Asuka: "Jogging..."
Kaede: "Hehe, I’m sorry. I’m in the middle of jogging, so I’ll go now."
Kaede: "Thank you for picking up the key for me. Good bye then!"
Ms. Ohara hurriedly spits out the words and then dashes off.
Asuka: "...Um, what was all that about?"
I shrug my shoulders, slightly puzzled.
Asuka: "Oh, the ice cream!"
I have taken extra time so it’s starting to melt. This is not good.
Asuka: "Oh no, oh no."
I quickly dash off. Perhaps due to the fact that I took a detour, before I arrive back at the dorm the power has already been restored.
Asuka: "...Oh dear."
Before I walk into the building, I check the ice cream. It has completely melted into a liquefied state.
Asuka: "I can’t give it to Nao like this..."
I decide to secretly throw it away... I am mortified.
Nao: "Welcome home, sis."
Nao waits for me with a smile on her face. With the air conditioning working in the room, she drinks a glass of cold barley tea. She seems quite refreshed....Yes, yes, I’m glad. Yes... Hmm.
Asuka: "Th-thanks..."
Nao: "Where did you go, sis?"
Asuka: "Just... for a walk."
Nao: "I see. It was pretty hot inside the room. But it’s dangerous to be outside at this hour in your pajamas."
Asuka: "...Yeah, I’ll try to be more careful."
Hearing the lack of strength in my voice, Nao looks at me with a puzzled expression on her face.
Nao: "???"
I remain in a daze.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
I had halted for a moment out of curiosity, when suddenly I recall my situation.
Asuka: "The ice cream is gonna melt! I need to hurry!"
Sorting out my priorities, I start running again towards the dorm. To be honest, I’m not sure whether my timing is superbly good or horribly bad—
Asuka: "...Oh dear."
By the time I reach the dorm, the power has returned.
Nao: "Welcome home, sis."
Nao waits for me with a smile on her face. With the air conditioning working in the room, she drinks a glass of cold barley tea. She seems quite refreshed....Yes, yes, I’m glad. Yes... Hmm.
Asuka: "Th-thanks..."
In the plastic bag I’m holding are two cups of melted ice cream.
Nao: "Sis, where did you go?"
Asuka: "...Heh, just to buy some ice cream. But you don’t seem to need it anymore."
Nao: "Huh, did you... go and buy it for me?"
Asuka: "Ah... hahah. Yeah. But, it melted anyway, so I guess it was kind of pointless."
Nao: "No! I want it!"
Asuka: "R-really? Ah... I feel a little embarrassed about this."
As Nao leans forward, I hand her the ice cream cups. They’re vanilla flavored.
Nao: "Hehe, heheheh... Thank you, sis."
Nao laughs shyly and begins to eat the soggy ice cream. I feel oddly embarrassed too.
Nao: "It tastes so sweet. Oh, maybe this how you taste, sis... (Munch, munch)..."
Asuka: (I-I feel super embarrassed now...!)
====================scr00202.kgo====================
A small incident that happened during the summer...
Asuka: "Oh, she’s on the phone again..."
I see Miss Itsuki talking on her cellphone in the backyard thicket of trees. There is a troubled look on her face.
Asuka: (...Ack...)
Remembering the various things that had happened that time she had taken me to her ‘lab,’ I hesitate slightly. A part of me feels it’s best not to get involved— But, I also don’t want weird plans going on again behind my back— I am lost for a moment. Then, in the end, I decide to secretly get closer.
Itsuki: "Huh? It’s not going according to the script?"
Miss Itsuki sounds perturbed. The script... She’s definitely talking about ‘ Wizard Nurse Prima ’ then. "I created it, and wrote the script."
Itsuki: "Hey, hey, stop messing with me. Hiromi, make sure the script I gave you is followed. That’s your—"
Itsuki: "Ah, alright, stop throwing a fit. I know you’re doing your best, Hiromi. Yeah, I do."
It sounds intense... I wonder if making games is difficult.
Itsuki: "Tell Sumika, I have the lab’s best interests in mind."
Itsuki: "—Yes, all I want to do is make ‘ Prima ’ into something great. Alright, I’ll see you."
Here Miss Itsuki ends the call on her smartphone .
Itsuki: "Hey, Dummy Girl."
She casually raises her hand and walks out from the thicket.
Asuka: "Were you on the phone with Hiromi?"
Itsuki: "Yep."
Asuka: "You were saying something about it not following the script—"
Itsuki: "Ah, Sumika..."
Itsuki: "Yeah, the girl who’s drawing the art for the game is ignoring my scripts and just doing her own thing."
Itsuki: "Hiromi contacted me about it. Anyway, it’s not a problem. Don’t worry about it."
Asuka: "I’m not worried at all."
In fact, things not working out is a great positive for my own safety...
Itsuki: "Hahaha. Well, now that we’ve got an official cosplayer , there’s no way I won’t allow this project to succeed."
Asuka: "That enthusiasm is really not necessary!"
I put on an expression of defiance. But just then—
Sakuya: "~♪"
I hear Miss Sakuya humming. I look towards the entrance of the dorm and I see her there. She looks to be enjoying herself.
Sakuya: "~♪! Oh, Itsuki!"
Itsuki: "...! Why is she out and about without my permission!?"
I am surprised by the genuine anger in Miss Itsuki’s voice.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "—Ah, sorry. I’ve been making Sakuya rest since she was suffering from heat exhaustion last night."
Itsuki: "I told her not to leave the room even if she felt a little better."
Itsuki: "Anyway, I’ll go check on her. Catch you later."
Miss Itsuki waves her hand at me again and walks away.
Asuka: "Okay, hope she gets better soon."
I see Miss Itsuki grabs Miss Sakuya’s arm forcefully and take her back into the dorm. Miss Sakuya seems to obediently follow her.
Asuka: "...I see."
I don’t know exactly what I mean by "I see,"
but I whisper it anyway.
====================scr00203.kgo====================
One day...
Machi & Michi: "Hello."
Machi and Michi, the two inseparable friends, come to visit us at our dorm.
Nao: "Hello, you two."
Asuka: "Come in, come in. Alright, let’s play! Yay!"
Nao: "Studying comes first, sis."
Machi & Michi: "Exactly! Come on, Asuka!"
The two of them speak in perfect unison.
Asuka: "...I had to give it a try."
Machi and Michi had contacted us. They had suggested that it could be effective to do homework together with members of our group. I couldn’t have asked for a better suggestion.
Machi & Michi: "Saku and Itsu should join us as well..."
Asuka: "Yeah, I invited them, but six is quite a lot for this one room..."
Asuka: "Wait... Saku and Itsu?"
I had answered without giving it a second thought, but they meant Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki, didn’t they?
Machi & Michi: "That’s what we call them."
They look at each other as if to agree.
Asuka: "Whoa... and here I am, still calling them ‘Miss.’"
Asuka: "Hey, wait a second. Nicknames... It might be less weird than just using their names and it’s definitely more intimate than calling them ‘Miss’..."
Asuka: "This might be good."
Asuka: "Hey, when you called her Saku, did she say anything?"
Machi & Michi: "Yeah, she laughed."
Nao: "I doubt many people have given Miss Sakuya a nickname. She might’ve been happy."
Although, when it comes to nicknames, Miss Itsuki calls her Princess. That’s a little different, more exclusive—but, yeah, despite what she said before, apparently she doesn’t mind nicknames so much now.
Asuka: "M-maybe I’ll try calling her by a nickname too..."
My heart flutters.
Nao: "Alright, I’ll go put on some tea."
Machi & Michi: "Thanks!"
Nao: "The other two said that if we texted them when we take a break they’ll drop by, so let’s do that."
Machi & Michi: "Yeah!"
Asuka: "Saku, Sa-sa... Well she’s kind of posh, so maybe Sakulina..."
Machi & Michi: "Ahaha, that might work."
And so, although still not fully focused on homework, we begin our studying....Not more than an hour after starting our homework. Unable to maintain our concentration, we end up chatting in between study sessions. Our other group members, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki, come up a lot in conversation. According to Machi and Michi, who love gossip, there are apparently a lot of rumors about them.
Machi & Michi: "Um, well..."
One example... The reason why Miss Itsuki had not attended the opening ceremony was apparently because she thought it was a hassle to have to read the speech on behalf of the other students.
Asuka: "Oh, I can totally imagine that!"
Machi & Michi: "And also..."
Apparently, the reason why Miss Sakuya had not attended the opening ceremony and the reason why she had been late to register at the dorm was because the Takeda family had plans to make a dorm exclusively for Miss Sakuya near the academy. Miss Sakuya had apparently been against this.
Asuka: "I-I can imagine that... I think?"
I can hardly consider that to be the truth, but if she had meant what she said when we first met... "I was late to school due to personal family matters."
Even if there had been no exclusive dorm... For the first time, I wonder what her "personal family matters"
had been. As a high-class girl, she may have a lot of things she has to deal with.
Machi & Michi: "As for you, Asuka..."
Asuka: "Huh? There’s rumors about me too?"
Machi & Michi: "Yeah, well..."
The reason why Asuka Osachi said she "doesn’t know"
why she wants to become a nurse ... Apparently, it was because she couldn’t say her true reason, which was that she "loves seeing blood."
Asuka: "What’s with that horror-slasher rumor!? That’s not true!"
Asuka: (But I wonder if that’s better than the truth... that I don’t remember...)
Nao, who had remained quiet until now, moving her pen across her notebook, suddenly raises her head.
Nao: "It’s a different category, but I’ve also heard a rumor as well—’The Crying Girl in the Archive Room’."
Machi & Michi: "I’ve never heard that one."
Asuka: "I’ve never heard it either! ...Is it scary?"
Nao: "Mmm, maybe. It’s one of those ‘seven mysteries of the academy’ type stories. Should I stop?"
Asuka: "I-I want to hear it."
I hate scary stories. But I kinda like them too.
Nao: "Alright... In the corner of the second floor of the academy, there is an archive room that’s no longer used."
Nao: "The door is locked and from that room that no one can enter, at night there is the sound of someone crying."
Nao: "And when one of the security guards opened the door to see if anyone was inside..."
Nao: "No one was there and the room was empty!!!"
Asuka: "Eeek!"
Machi & Michi: "Ahahaha!"
Asuka: "Huhh, is it supposed to be funny!?"
Machi & Michi: "Well, it sounds totally made-up."
Nao: "Yeah, it does, doesn’t it?"
Nao: "...But this story. Apparently, it’s based on an accident that actually happened."
Nao: "A student kept messing up making a blood transfusion during training. The teacher, in frustration, had said, ‘Use your own body to practice!’"
Nao: "Taking the words to heart, she had gone to the archive room secretly and had practiced on her own. And after stabbing her body with the needle over and over again—"
Asuka and Machi and Michi: "...(Gulp.)"
The room is dead silent...
Nao: "She still couldn’t seem to do it. Finally, the needle ruptured an artery and the blood wouldn’t stop. In the end, she died there alone."
Nao: "That’s why, if you listen carefully to crying voice you can hear it saying, ‘Ow... ow... the blood won’t stop...’"
Asuka: "Stop it, stop it! I’m scared, Nao!"
Machi & Michi: "...Ahhh..."
Nao: "Ahaha, it’s all made up."
Nao: "I mean, come on, there’s no teacher who would say something as careless as, ‘Use your own body to practice!’"
Nao: "Practicing in an archive room also sounds a little unrealistic."
Asuka: "R-right. Phew..."
Machi & Michi: "Phew..."
Nao looks at the clock.
Nao: "We’re already kinda taking a break, but let’s take a proper one now."
Asuka: "Yay!"
Machi & Michi: "Yeah!"
Machi, Michi, and I exchange high-fives.
Nao: "I’ve made chilled fruit salad, so I’ll serve it now."
Nao: "There enough for six, so can you text upstairs, sis?"
Asuka: "Okay!"
She’s referring to Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki who live upstairs. I take my smartphone out, type a message, and then send it. By the time Nao has finished laying out the bowls of fruit salad on the table, the two of them have arrived.
Itsuki: "Hey, hey. Oh look, it’s the Machi and Michi pair."
Machi & Michi: "Hey, Itsu!"
Machi and Michi both wave their hands in unison. Miss Itsuki cheerfully waves back.
Sakuya: "Sorry if we’re interrupting. How’s the studying coming along?"
Machi & Michi: "Hiya, Saku!"
Sakuya: "Oh, hello. And to you two, Asuka and Nao."
Asuka: (They’re really calling her ‘Saku’! And Miss Sakuya seems fine about it!)
I-it might work for me too... I gulp. Should I call her ‘Saku’ like the two of them? Or maybe ‘Sasa’ is more original? Or maybe I’ll go all out with ‘Sakulina’—That’s probably dangerous.
Sakuya: "Asuka?"
Asuka: "Oh, uh, it’s nothing. Hi there, Saku!"
Clever me for not taking unnecessary chances.
Sakuya: "—!"
She’s glaring at me furiously! Why!? Th-that’s so unfair!
Asuka: "...Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "...You can call me whatever."
Miss Sakuya lets out a sigh of exasperation. Call her "whatever"...
Asuka: (I-if you say that, I’m gonna try Sakulina, you know?)
For practice, I try the name inside my head.
Asuka: "Good day, Sakulina."
Sakuya: "Alright, I get it. You’re making fun of me. Bring it on..."
My future appears dark and miserable...
Itsuki: "Wow, those look delicious lined up on the table. Are you doing your homework properly?"
Miss Itsuki says, gazing at the table.
Itsuki: "With Dummy Girl here, I’m guessing there’s a chance you’re not focusing—"
Asuka: "We’re doing fine, thank you....Well, we did get a little sidetracked with a ghost story..."
Itsuki: "Ghost... story?"
Sakuya: "While I understand it’s a summer pastime, that’s a pretty silly thing to waste time on."
Asuka: "You’re not interested, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "Not in the least. There’s nothing interesting about being told a story that has no basis in scientific reality."
Itsuki: "Says the girl who writes romantic poems."
Sakuya: "!!! That was in the past. I don’t write them anymore!"
Sakuya: "I’ve... moved on from such things!"
Asuka: "Interesting..."
Miss Sakuya’s face is bright red. A rare sight.
Itsuki: "By the way, there was a title to her poem collection. It was called, ‘Observing the Midnight Flower Blooms.’"
Asuka: "Wow, sounds dramatic! I kinda wish I could read it..."
Sakuya: "I... I-I-I was only into that before I entered high school!"
Sakuya: "I threw that notebook away a long time ago!"
Sakuya: "And anyway, that was—"
Saying this much, Miss Sakuya suddenly composes herself and shuts her mouth. She clears her throat.
Sakuya: "...Putting that aside, we were talking about ghost stories, weren’t we? I’m not scared of them in the least."
Asuka: "Hmm... Alright, then why don’t you try listening to the story we just heard?"
Itsuki: "??? The story you just heard?"
Asuka: "Nao told it to us and it was amazing. This time I’ll tell it!"
Nao: "Sis, sis. Focus on your tone when you tell it."
Asuka: "Okay. Um, in the corner of the second floor of the academy, there’s an unused archive room—"
Sakuya: "Wait, hold on."
Asuka: "...And when.........there."
Asuka: "So whenever........."
Asuka: "But the origin of this story........."
Itsuki: "............No..."
A small muffled sound escapes Miss Itsuki’s lips.
Asuka: "............Listening carefully..."
Asuka: "The crying voice says, ‘Ow... ow... the blood won’t..."
Itsuki: "Stop!!!"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Miss Itsuki’s voice suddenly erupts, startling me.
Itsuki: "Seriously, stop it already! That’s way too scary, that story! No more, I forbid you!"
Nao: "...Miss Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Oh, there are tears in her eyes."
Sakuya: "...It’s Itsuki that’s scared of ghost stories."
Itsuki: "Haa... haa... I don’t... understand... how anyone... can like them..."
Itsuki: "I mean, come on... they’re horrifying."
Asuka: "I-I see..."
I’m pretty scared of them myself, but, I think... I’ve found her weakness.
Asuka: "—Heheheh."
Nao: "Sis, sis, you’re doing that evil laugh again."
====================scr00204.kgo====================
Then, one day.
Asuka: "Oh, Miss Itsuki. I wonder what she’s doing."
I spot her in front of the dorm. She appears uncharacteristically solemn.
Itsuki: "...(Sigh)."
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki."
Itsuki: "...? Oh, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "What’s the matter? You’re wearing a pretty silly face yourself."
Itsuki: "Wow, for you to say that, I must be. —It’s nothing, really."
Since I’m the ‘Dummy Girl,’ I guess that makes me the authority on stupidity...
Itsuki: "I’m just thinking about something. If I stay shut up in my room it just makes me more depressed....(Sigh.)"
Asuka: "There you go, sighing again... What’s the matter?"
Thinking she must be troubled about something, I attempt to make myself useful by listening.
Itsuki: "...It’s nothing."
Miss Itsuki brushes me off. She doesn’t seem to consider me someone she can confide in. Alright, so I do belong to the Jellyfish Club, but...
Itsuki: "........."
Asuka: "......"
Itsuki: "..............."
Asuka: ".................."
Itsuki: "......"
Asuka: "...The ‘archive room.’"
Itsuki: "Eh!?!?"
I mumble it quietly and she jumps with surprise. This makes me feel surprisingly good.
Itsuki: "...What’s wrong with you?"
She glares.
Asuka: "Nothing. It just came out unconsciously."
In fact, now I find myself whistling.
Itsuki: "Tsk."
Asuka: "Oh, you clicked your tongue at me."
Itsuki: "If you... if you even try and do something like tell me the ‘The Crying Girl in the Archive Room’ story again, you’re not going to get away with it."
Itsuki: "It won’t just be that. I’ll do this and that to you..."
Asuka: (What’s that!? And what’s "this and that"
supposed to mean!?) Her voice is deadly serious. It may just be my imagination, but I almost even sense murderous intent there. Tease her! Maybe I shouldn’t...
Asuka: "Alright, I won’t tell you ‘The Crying Girl in the Archive Room’ story again."
Itsuki: "Ah."
Miss Itsuki does her best to hide it, but I can sense her relief. And so I say.
Asuka: "By the way, Miss Itsuki. You know the emergency staircase here in Hakuran Dormitory , right?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, what about it?"
Asuka: "Apparently there’s a ghost called the ‘Old Hag of the Emergency Staircase’ that shows herself—"
Itsuki: "You! Quit it—!!!"
Miss Itsuki panics.
Asuka: "Ahaha, you told me not to tell you the ‘The Crying Girl in the Archive Room.’ So I was gonna tell you a different one."
I gloat a little. A rare occasion.
Itsuki: "......!"
Miss Itsuki glares at me, but— Eventually.
Itsuki: "I can’t win with you."
I seem to catch her muttering. Then, she lowers her gaze and, once again, a solemn expression appears on her face. Well, that lost its appeal real quick.
Asuka: "C-come on... You looked down, so I was just worried about you."
Itsuki: "I’m at the point that even you, Dummy Girl, worry about me."
Asuka: "...Did you have a fight with Miss Sakuya?"
Somehow I seem to feel that for Miss Itsuki to become like this, Miss Sakuya would somehow have to be involved.
Itsuki: "Fight? Me? With Sakuya?"
Asuka: "Yeah."
Itsuki: "—I wouldn’t. That’s impossible."
She says plainly, with not a hint of hesitation in her voice.
Itsuki: "We’ve already had a life’s worth of that."
Asuka: "......"
I feel that this is not a world that I can easily step into.
Itsuki: "It’s not what it seems."
Asuka: "Huh... so what you said wasn’t true?"
Itsuki: "Who knows? I’ll keep it a secret from you, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Hmph... Is Miss Sakuya in your room?"
Itsuki: "No. She left to visit her family in the morning. Apparently, they’d kept going on about her going home."
Asuka: "Her family..."
Miss Sakuya’s family matters. Miss Itsuki probably knows about them too.
Itsuki: "You’re so easy to read."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "You’re curious, right? About Sakuya’s family matters. If you want to know, start by asking her yourself."
Asuka: "...Yeah."
I nod, thinking that she probably won’t tell me even if I ask.
Itsuki: "Oh, that’s right."
—Miss Itsuki suddenly speaks, appearing as if she just remembered something, something off the top of her head. Something not very significant.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl. Are you available tomorrow?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
I give her a blank look. Miss Itsuki smiles mischievously.
Itsuki: "You’re available—right?"
I’m available Sorry, I’m not available There is a concept known as fate. It means a force that cannot be seen by the eye. There is even a concept known as fatalism....Fate. I don’t know if it even really exists. But, looking and back and thinking, "I probably should’ve done that instead... But how much would that really have changed...?"
Any time you find yourself thinking like that, then I think that is fate. I don’t think I’m explaining this well... The crux of the matter, is this...
Asuka: "Messenger of love and healing with a motherly heart! Wizard Nurse Prima with her Hyper Cure and Cutesy Nursing!"
Asuka: "She’ll use her peaceful and gentle Drilling Healing Punch to heal your heart completely!"
I strike poses in front of the crowd.
Asuka: "‘ Wizard Nurse Prima .’ A demo version of the game being created by the club ‘Cutesy Laboratory’ is available at our booth!"
I advertise in front of the crowd of people. (— — —) Blank. (— — —) My mind is utterly blank. (— — —) Blank. An angelic smile Ms. Ohara would be proud of is pasted to my face. But my mind is a barren wasteland....I’m surprised I even know the words ‘barren wasteland.’ Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Sweat. Sweat. Sweat. Sweat. There are waves of people. They cluster about.  A vortex of heat.  Humidity. I feel like I’m in a tropical jungle.
Hiromi: "I-it’s wonderful... Miss Osa—no, Prima ! You’re so photogenic!"
Click, click, click, clickkk! The shutters go off. Countless flashes flickering across my field of vision. Miss Hiromi Sano seems in great spirits. And next to her...
Itsuki: "Alright, thank you. Demo version, 500 yen each. Please make sure you have exact change."
Itsuki: "Alright, thank you. Oh, no touching Prima ! We’ll have a meet-and-greet later, so please purchase the 500 yen demo version to get a ticket."
Asuka: (A meet-and-greet...)
Miss Itsuki sells the demo discs in high spirits.
Itsuki: "Hey, to think an unknown club like us, entering ‘ Comima ’..."
Itsuki: "And selling a demo version of an uncompleted game. I’d thought we couldn’t expect many customers, but..."
Itsuki: "I just can’t believe how many copies we’ve sold."
Hiromi: "I mean, selling a demo... Even big business don’t do that these days... I’m surprised we’re not getting any complaints."
Itsuki: "Well, I guess this is all due to Dummy Girl. Thanks!"
It’s a great smile. And she’s pointing it at me. This had been the cause of Miss Itsuki’s concern yesterday.
Asuka: (Arghh. Why did I accept this job—?)
I had told her honestly that I didn’t have any plans today. Yesterday, remembering what had happened, part of me regrets not turning her down...
Asuka: (But... even if I were to turn back time, I still probably wouldn’t have been able to turn her down.)
I think to myself.
Asuka: (This is strange. Why I am here right now?)
I mean...
Asuka: (I’m pretty sure I told her that I wasn’t available today—)
Okay, sure, the truth is, I was available.
Asuka: "‘ Comima ’?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, Comima is short for ‘Comic March’."
Itsuki: "An event that is said to be the biggest doujin event in the country."
Itsuki: "There you’ll have your debut as a cosplayer . Remember how I told you before, that next time would be for real?"
Asuka: "N-no, no, no. I really can’t—"
Itsuki: "If you do this for me..."
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "I’ll answer any question you want."
Itsuki: "—But just one."
She seems to look through me as she says this.
Asuka: "...Any... question I want?"
Itsuki: "Yes. And my answer will not be a lie. I promise."
Asuka: "Does that mean, then—?"
Asuka: (What are Miss Sakuya’s family issues?)
Even a question like that—?
Asuka: "Stop spacing out, Prima ! Draw the crowd! Draw the crowd!"
Itsuki: "!? —Oh, I’m sorry."
Itsuki: "Honestly. Do your job properly!"
Asuka: ".........’The Crying Girl in the Archive Room.’"
Itsuki: "Huh!?"
I hadn’t said it in that loud a voice, but Miss Itsuki responds.
Itsuki: "......!"
She looks at me with eyes that promise to murder me... She will answer any question I want. Even if I could turn the clock back, I’m not confident I could resist her proposal. But—
Asuka: (I wonder if it’s alright for me to find out this way...)
Such doubts remain.
Asuka: "Forget about that now! I’ll do what I have to!"
Facing the crowd, I take a deep breath. I can feel the many eyes that have gathered to watch me.
Asuka: "You, passing by over there. Is that Virilius I see in your heart?"
Asuka: "Worry not, though. I, Wizard Nurse Prima , will use my Drilling Healing Punch and remove him from your heart!"
Asuka: "I will clean your heart and make it fluffy and soft once again!"
I give a dazzling smile to the crowd of people.
Asuka: "...The last part seems a little weird..."
Written by Miss Itsuki. —But. Click, click, flash, flash. I can hear the sound of shutters clicking. Countless flashes flickering across my field of vision. Eyes focused on me....Oh dear, this is a little dangerous.
Asuka: "What should I do...? I’m started to feel good..."
The sound of shutters clicking. Flashes flickering across my field of vision. Eyes focused. The pleasure of being photographed.
Asuka: (Wh-wh-what should I do if I really can’t go back!?)
Itsuki: "You say that as if it’s a bad thing."
Asuka: "Can you stop hearing my inner monologue!?"
—Just then.
Itsuki: "Oh, I’m getting a call."
Miss Itsuki takes out her smartphone .
Hiromi: "I’m surprised she got reception."
Asuka: "What do you mean?"
Hiromi: "The crisscrossing currents of desire and imagination here at Comima usually cause the regular signals to jam, preventing calls from going through."
Asuka: "...I don’t really get it."
Hiromi: "Well, you’re better off that way—"
Miss Itsuki talks on her smartphone with an expression of slight annoyance at the noise surrounding her.
Itsuki: "Yeah, that’s right....Like I said, I’m not playing."
Asuka: (I wonder who she’s talking to...)
Itsuki: "Alright. I’ll show up at the lab sometime tonight. Right now... Yeah. Bye."
Hiromi: "Was that Sumika?"
Itsuki: "Hm? Yeah... Honestly."
She looks a little disgruntled. As far as I know... the person called Sumika is the one creating the illustrations for the game and who refused to follow the script Miss Itsuki wrote. She might be the reason why ‘ Prima ’ wasn’t able to make it on time.
Itsuki: "Alright, now that we’ve sold a good number of the demo copies—"
As if to change the topic, Miss Itsuki says this and looks at me.
Itsuki: "I’m going to conduct some market research. Dummy Girl, you come tour the venue with me."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Hiromi: "Alright. I’ll watch our booth."
Itsuki: "Good luck. Oh, keep wearing the Prima outfit. It might be good advertising."
Asuka: "Huhhh. I really want to change..."
Itsuki: "Nope."
Asuka: "I really, really, really want to change!!!"
I protest desperately.......In the end, I am still not allowed to change....I had expected as much.
Asuka: (Well, I guess there’s a lot of people in cosplay anyway...)
I say this to cheer myself up as I leap into the sea of all-things ‘ doujin .’ Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat.
Asuka: "H-h-huh...?"
Salesgirl: "Please come take a look!"
Salesgirl: "It’s free to look! Come and see!"
Itsuki: "Oh, it might be a little too soon to take you to this area, Dummy Girl."
Salesgirl: "This is for you."
Salesgirl: "Hey! You, young lady, in the cosplay!!!"
Asuka: "Oh, he-hello..."
(I bow.)
Asuka: "H-huh? Bondage...? Drugs...? Is hypnosis really that easy to fall under?"
Asuka: "N-n-no, you can’t do that! Criminal! Criminal!"
Asuka: "Kaori (the name of one of the characters), runnnn...!!!"
Itsuki: " Comima is like a grand masquerade ball where, under the name of ‘freedom of expression,’ all sorts of human desires are unleashed—"
Asuka: "I don’t really understand it, but what I do understand is that it’s... like nothing I’ve ever experienced before."
Noise. Sweat. Noise. Sweat. Beeeeeep. (Signals.) Miss Hiromi, I see now... I see the currents everywhere... That evening—
Itsuki: "Alright, let’s clear out!"
I advertise until the end of the event and it appears we’ve sold out all of the demo discs.
Asuka: "I’m exhausted..."
Itsuki: "Good job, Dummy Girl. Well, you won’t need to do this again for a while."
Itsuki: "You were really into it from about halfway through. You had fun, didn’t you?"
Asuka: "Th-that’s not... true."
I sound vaguely unconvincing even to myself. Danger... We return from the Comima venue to the city center by train. Then, we hop on to Miss Itsuki’s Big Scooter together, and we begin our ride home....Oh, I’m wearing tracksuit bottoms underneath.
Itsuki: "By the way, what did you tell your younger sister you’d be doing today?"
Asuka: "I told her I’d be helping you with your part-time job... I managed to just barely maintain the truth."
Itsuki: "Ahaha. I see."
Asuka: "She seemed curious about how things had ended up like that."
Itsuki: "Hmm."
On top of that, Nao seemed to be slightly unhappy about my decision. "Be careful, sis... Miss Itsuki may be after you."
I guess you could call her intuitive—
Itsuki: "Have you decided on your question?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I’ll answer a single question of your choice without lying."
Asuka: "Hmm... right."
I react in a way that almost seems as if I’d forgotten, but... The truth is that it’s remained there the whole time in the back of my mind. "What are Miss Sakuya’s family issues?"
At first, my purpose for all this had been to ask that— But...
Asuka: (I do feel it’s a little wrong to be asking someone else for that answer...)
Right now, my feelings lie towards learning more about Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ve decided."
Itsuki: "Go on then."
Asuka: "How did you first get together... You and Miss Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "...Huh? That’s your question?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I want to know. I know it’s a little lowbrow."
Itsuki: "Haha. You’re fine with just that?"
Asuka: "I am. No lying, alright."
Itsuki: "Um..."
Miss Itsuki’s voice trails off as if to muddle her own words. I’m not sure whether she’s remembering or blushing. Then, her words begins to flow as if traveling on currents of the wind.
Itsuki: "We’re childhood friends, Sakuya and I. Our parents knew each other from a long time ago."
Asuka: "...The one percenters..."
Itsuki: "Well, I guess you could call us that."
Itsuki: "My parents first took me to see Sakuya when she was in the hospital, I think."
I recall Miss Sakuya saying that she had been hospitalized for a long time when she was small.
Itsuki: "That’s where it all began. After she left the hospital, we met often. Not that our houses were that close."
Itsuki: "I see..."
Itsuki: "I was the one that started developing feelings for her."
Asuka: "Oh—"
She says it so casually, I feel my heart skip a beat.
Itsuki: "After we entered junior high, I told her my feelings and she turned me down flat."
Asuka: "Whoa! She actually turned you down."
Itsuki: "What’s that supposed to mean? Of course she turned me down. You know how stubborn Sakuya is."
Itsuki: "But I didn’t give up. I kept trying, trying, and trying—"
Asuka: "Wow..."
Itsuki: "At one point, I couldn’t take it anymore and even tried to force myself on her."
Asuka: "Wha—!? Force yourself on her!?"
Itsuki: "I thought if we actually consummated the act things would work out. But she resisted a lot."
Asuka: "O-of course."
Itsuki: "She stabbed me in the shoulder with a pair of sewing scissors beside the bed. I think I still have the scar."
Asuka: "That’s hardcore..."
Itsuki: "And then we ended up dating. The end."
......... Huh?
Asuka: "Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. How did that end up happening!? Isn’t that jumping too far ahead!?"
It’s not even a matter of abruptness. The end sounds like something out of a completely different story.
Itsuki: "Ahahah."
Asuka: "Hey, it’s not a laughing matter."
Itsuki: "But it’s the truth. What can I do? She said okay."
Asuka: "You make it sound like it’s a mystery even to you. Was it because... she understood how sincere you were?"
Itsuki: "Who knows? Ask the Princess."
Asuka: "Oh, ‘Princess.’"
Itsuki: "I always called her ‘Princess’ before, but after we started high school she started nagging me to ‘not use that name at school.’"
Itsuki: "Recently, she’s sort of mixed about it. Well, when I talk to her directly I guess I use ‘Princess’ a lot now. It suits her doesn’t it?"
Asuka: "Yeah, a lot!"
I agree fervently. I have never met anyone more like a princess than her.
Itsuki: "Anyway, Sakuya—she had someone she used to love. No wonder she turned me down."
Asuka: "Oh! I see."
Itsuki: "But, she’s gotten over it and now she tells me that she has feelings for me."
Asuka: "The person Miss Sakuya loved..."
As I consider what type of person it could have been— Miss Itsuki speaks as if spitting out the words.
Itsuki: "Selfish, violent, and with a terrible personality... The most annoying damn girl there ever was."
Asuka: (...Wow, seems like there’s a lot of anger there.)
We arrive back at the dorm.
Itsuki: "Bye then, Dummy Girl. Say hi to your younger sister for me."
Asuka: "Yeah, see you next time."
After I say "see you next time,"
I realize how it might sound like I’m on board with Prima ! I panic.
Asuka: "N-no, it’s not like that!"
Itsuki: "—"
Miss Itsuki is grinning widely... D-damn it.
Nao: "Sis, welcome home. Are you alright?"
Asuka: "Thanks. Yeah, I managed to preserve my chastity."
Nao: "Oh, I’m relieved. I was so, so worried."
Asuka: "Wait, wait, I’m joking, you know? Besides, Miss Itsuki isn’t like that."
...That being said, it seems that she did once attack Miss Sakuya, though.
Nao: "Ahaha, I’m joking too. You said you were gonna wear a uniform to help her. What kinda uniform was it?"
Asuka: "Huh!? ...Um, yeah, it was... cute."
Nao: "Did you take a picture for me?"
Asuka: "...No, I didn’t. I mean, it was work."
Nao: "Aww... I was looking forward to it."
Nao puffs her cheeks, unhappy. Seriously, though, there was no way... That night, inside my bed. I receive a text from Miss Itsuki. It says ‘Look.’ This is followed by a URL for a webpage. I-I hope it’s not some weird site...
Asuka: "Please, let it not be..."
I tap the screen of my smartphone and the site is displayed. ‘10 Cutest Cosplayers Seen at This Summer’s Comima !’ And amongst them—
Asuka: "It’s me—!?"
Nao: "Huh, sis?"
What a terrifying turn of events. The next day, in the morning.
Nao: "Hm, hmm, hmm."
I can hear Nao’s cheerful humming coming from the kitchen. She’s in the middle of making sweets. Nao always seems to be having fun when making sweets.
Nao: "Hm, hm, hm, hmmm."
But today she seems to be enjoying herself exceptionally. Of course, there is a reason for that.
Nao: "Alright, now I just need to chill it in the refrigerator. Hehe."
Nao emerges from the kitchen.
Nao: "Sis, I made a no-bake cheesecake. I’ll serve it as a 3 PM treat."
Asuka: "O-okay. Yay!"
Nao: "Until then it’s homework, homework. Let’s do it!"
Nao sits at the study desk and opens her notebook. Her smartphone is placed next to it. Nao uses her fingers to tap on the screen.
Nao: "Heheheh. Adorable, sis."
Asuka: (Ahhhhhh...)
My photo is plastered onto the screen of Nao’s smartphone . Well, Prima ’s photo, actually....She had found out. In fact, knowing that it was just a matter of time, I had told her myself. Last night.  Formally. She was a little mad that I hadn’t told her from the start.
Asuka: "U-um, Nao?"
Nao: "What is it, sis?"
Nao gives me a fantastic smile.
Asuka: "I was thinking I’d prefer it if you deleted that photo from your smartphone ..."
Nao: "Huh, why? It’s so adorable. Aww, I wish I’d been there to take photos, too."
Asuka: "I-I mean, c-come on, it’s embarrassing..."
Nao: "Hmm... Well, if you insist, sis, I’ll think about it, but..."
Asuka: "Really?"
Nao: "If you delete ‘that photo’ off your smartphone , alright?"
Asuka: "Argh..."
An impish Nao sets the well-calculated terms....I-I don’t want to delete it.
Asuka: "Alright, at least, at least—"
Nao: "???"
Asuka: "Just please remove it from being your standby display photo..."
Nao: "Hmm..."
Nao listens, albeit with some disappointment. Phew.
Asuka: "But—"
Nao: "Heheh, so adorable... Oh, this photo is also cute. I wish I could’ve seen you in person."
I’ll admit I am a little flattered... Nao’s cheeks are rosy-colored as she gazes at the photo she collected off the website.
Nao: "Maybe I’ll ask Miss Itsuki... but I don’t know if I want to be in her debt."
Muttering this, Nao taps away on her smartphone . Is she trying to collect even more photos of me off the internet!? This is so embarrassing! I can’t take it!
Asuka: (Stop...!)
I cry out inside my heart.
Nao: "Oh, this is cute, too. Oh, and this one as well. Save, save—!"
Asuka: "...I-I have a question for Ms. Ohara, so I’m gonna drop by the school..."
Nao: "Alright, be careful."
Nao gives me a fantastic smile.
Sakuya: "Asuka—"
I run into Miss Sakuya in front of the dorm.
Asuka: "Oh, Miss Sakuya. You’re back from visiting your family already—"
Sakuya: "Asuka..."
I was going to ask her when she had returned, when she calls out my name again. What is it? Miss Sakuya seems to be acting odd. She seems... melancholy. She looks at me with sorrowful eyes.
Asuka: "???"
Sakuya: "...My condolences. It must’ve been difficult for you."
Asuka: "Wha—!?"
Asuka: (Even Miss Sakuya knows!? Oh, it’s the work of Miss Fancy-Glasses again!)
That’s the only possibility.
Sakuya: ".........Heh."
Asuka: "Arghhh..."
I am filled with agony... Huh, but wait a second. From what I heard, Miss Sakuya was made to dress in cosplay as well. We’re both survivors of the same trauma then. I observe the expression on her face carefully—
Asuka: "...Um, I should be giving you my condolences as well then, shouldn’t I...?"
Sakuya: "...!!!"
Miss Sakuya freezes. As if time itself has stopped.
Sakuya: "........."
Then.
Sakuya: "Stop... don’t say that..."
She staggers weakly.
Sakuya: "I don’t want to... remember... that... that..."
Her face is pale.
Sakuya: "...That experience... wasn’t of this... world..."
As if feverish, she places one of her hands against her forehead and sways back into the dorm. I-I wonder if she’s alright.
Asuka: "It seems like pretty deeply-rooted trauma. Maybe I shouldn’t have mentioned it—"
...Oh well.
====================scr00205.kgo====================
The academy is open even during the summer holidays. I first pay a visit to the staff room, but Ms. Ohara isn’t there. The other teachers don’t know where she is either, but tell me that she should be within the school.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, I wonder where she is..."
I walk down the hallway.
Asuka: "She’s not here..."
Asuka: "Oh—"
I realize that I’m at the corner of the hallway on the second floor. I see the door, with the sign ‘Archive Room’ on it. There is no sign of anyone in the hallway and all is quiet. Deathly quiet—
Asuka: "The crying girl from the archive room... Oh, the door is slightly open..."
According to Nao, the door is usually always locked. I cannot take my eyes off of the archive room door. From the crack in the door. It’s like...
Asuka: "........."
Asuka: (I-it’s like I’m being invited...)
Open the door Don’t open it I involuntarily swallow—
Asuka: "—!"
I find myself sliding the door open.
Asuka: (Oh, I opened it.)
Asuka: "I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I don’t mean any harm. Don’t haunt me! Um..."
The archive room is empty. There is no sign of anyone.
Asuka: ".........???"
It’s empty and quiet.
Asuka: (Tread carefully...)
I step inside the archive room. It had taken all my courage to take that one step, but once I’m inside and looking about there really isn’t much to the room....And there is no sign of the ‘crying girl’.
Asuka: "Well, o-of course, I knew there was no one in here. Hahaha!"
My initial nervousness and my relief combine to create an unnatural laughter in my throat.
Asuka: "Yeah. That’s all there really is to ghost stories. Especially after I’ve had my way with them—"
Just as I say this boastfully... Suddenly, my eyes are drawn to the floor of the archive room. A specific point on the floor, around in the middle of the room.
Asuka: "—Huh?"
One specific point on the floor. There is tiny, tiny water puddle... No, to call it a puddle would be exaggerating, more like a collection of water drops. As if...
Asuka: "Um..."
As if—someone’s tears had fallen there.
Asuka: "Ah-ahahahah..."
As quick as lightning, I leap out into the hallway and close the door.
Asuka: "...I didn’t see anything. I didn’t see water drops. I didn’t see any traces of tears—"
I abandon the school and run back to my dorm. I involuntarily swallow— I daringly reach out my hand for the door and—
Asuka: "I-I wonder if Ms. Ohara is in the training room ."
I spin around and turn my back to the archive room....Yes, I’m a coward. And I love myself for it. Having changed into my training uniform that I had brought just in case, I’ve come to the entrance of the training room . It’s odd.
Asuka: "Huh? This door is locked... It should be open."
I had thought the training room was to be opened so that students could practice on their own during the day. Just as I think this—
Kaede: "...Huh, why isn’t it here?"
Asuka: "Oh, it’s Ms. Ohara’s voice. Ms. Ohara? It’s Asuka Osachi."
Kaede: "M-Miss Osachi—!? Eeek!"
...I hear the sound of something (or someone?) collapsing.
Kaede: "H-hello, Miss Osachi."
Ms. Ohara flashes me her angelic smile. But, does her hair seem a little ruffled...?
Asuka: "Hello, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "Are you here to practice basic training? Great. On your own?"
Asuka: "Um... well, yes."
Now that I think about it, I had left simply because I couldn’t face the grinning and admiring Nao a second longer.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, what are you doing here?"
Kaede: "!? Me? I’m... just cleaning the training room a little. You know?"
Ms. Ohara flashes me her angelic smile. But...
Asuka: "Um, with the door locked?"
Kaede: "!?!?"
Asuka: "It sounded like you were looking for something."
Kaede: "!?!?!?"
Asuka: "Should I hel—"
Kaede: "No, it’s alright! I’m not looking for anything!"
Right after Ms. Ohara says this, her shoulders droop.
Kaede: "I guess I have no need to hide it from you, Miss Osachi... And the more help I have the better..."
Asuka: "—Wait, don’t tell me..."
Kaede: "Yes, I can’t find that envelope."
Kaede: "I had it before entering the training room , so I’m pretty sure I dropped it in here..."
Asuka: "...I knew it."
—Her ‘letter of resignation.’ It’s true that if someone else were to find it, it could cause a lot of trouble for Ms. Ohara. The only person that can help her is me, as I already know about it. The training room is vast with beds and equipment and other such things that would make it hard to search alone... Look for it with her Don’t look for it Seeing Ms. Ohara look so worried, I have no choice but to lend her a hand.
Asuka: "—Yes, Ms. Ohara. I’ll help you look for it."
I smile. Maybe a little angelically? But it’s odd. Why is it that when I’m dealing with Ms. Ohara the ‘lazy jellyfish’ in me becomes so assertive....Maybe because she’s the person I admire?
Kaede: "Thank you, Miss Osachi..."
Ms. Ohara looks relieved. Only... there’s just one problem. I cannot tell Ms. Ohara this.
Asuka: (I’m really bad at finding things—)
By the way, Nao is very good at it. Whenever I lose something and need help, Nao usually finds it somewhere and brings it to me. Like magic. I wonder how she does it. Hmm. I think she told me once that there’s some sort of knack to it....I can’t remember.
Kaede: "...I searched the back half of the training room from corner to corner, so I know it’s not past here."
Kaede: "So let’s split up and search the remaining front half."
Ms. Ohara says. I remember. What Nao had told me before.
Nao: "Even if you think you searched from corner to corner, there is probably somewhere that you haven’t searched, because you think unconsciously that ‘it can’t be there.’"
Nao: "So, when you look for something, it’s important to put aside your preconceived notions."
Nao: "Don’t think of unnecessary things. Empty your mind."
That’s Nao for you. Always full of wisdom.
Kaede: "Miss Osachi?"
Asuka: "I’ll look one more time in the half that you said you searched, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "Huh? But..."
Asuka: "You may have missed something—"
Asuka: "So you search the other half, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "...You’re right. Okay, understood."
Ms. Ohara nods. Then, we separately search the back and front of the training room. I look under the bed.  Between the walls.  In the shadow of the equipment. And so forth.
Asuka: (Put aside preconceived notions. Put aside preconceived notions. Empty my mind—)
Asuka: (I’m pretty certain now that that envelope belongs to Ms. Ohara.)
Asuka: (I wonder why she hides it. Or, more importantly, I wonder why she carries it around with her.)
Asuka: "No, no. I have to empty my mind—"
Asuka: (Empty it, empty it, empty it—)
Asuka: (...But what does it mean to ‘empty it’? What does ‘empty’ mean to begin with?)
Asuka: (Empty means nothing is there.)
Asuka: (Isn’t it weird that there’s a word for something that isn’t anything—?)
Asuka: "Ah, I’m completely overthinking things!"
As bad as I usually am at thinking about difficult things, for some reason, at a time like this, I’m thinking too much. I shake my head and put aside all unnecessary thoughts from my mind. I absorb myself in searching for it.
Asuka: (I wonder if Ms. Ohara really wants to quit.)
Asuka: (I... don’t want that to happen.)
Forget about that for now. And as I continue to go through the process of emptying my mind and having it wander, and then emptying it again—
Asuka: "I-I found it!"
I’m surprised. I find it stuck to the back of a curtain. Static electricity, perhaps. Maybe the wind had blown it here. It’s hard to imagine something ending up here. It’s thanks to the ‘emptying my mind’ technique that I found it. I think.
Kaede: "—Really? Miss Osachi!"
Asuka: "Yes, here it is."
Kaede: "Oh... I’m so relieved—"
As I hold the envelope up to her, the tension in Ms. Ohara’s expression dissipates and in her relief her eyes water a little.
Asuka: "Oh, you’re adorable."
I mutter the words in a rather small voice, but she seems to hear me.
Kaede: "......... Y-you’re just making fun of me."
Saying this, Ms. Ohara’s cheeks flush red. She really is adorable—
Asuka & Kaede: "...(Sigh.)"
Ms. Ohara and I sit on a bed and simultaneously let out a sigh. I cast a glance towards the letter of resignation Ms. Ohara holds preciously in both of her hands. Looking carefully, I see that it is not necessarily a very new envelope and seems to show signs of aging. Maybe it’s because she carries it with her all the time.
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Ohara?"
Kaede: "...Yes, fine. You’re right. This letter of resignation belongs to me."
Ms. Ohara says in a quiet voice.
Asuka: (...What should I do?)
I tremble.
Asuka: (All I had intended to say was, ‘That envelope looks pretty old’...)
I had somewhat surmised that it belonged to Ms. Ohara. But I had no intention of asking. That being said, it’s too late for me to say, ‘That’s not what I wanted to ask.’ ...What will happen now that I know? I decide to keep the conversation going.
Asuka: "I-I thought so.. Oh, but..."
Kaede: "It’s alright, Miss Osachi, I trust you enough to know that you won’t tell anyone."
Asuka: "...I won’t."
Kaede: "This letter of resignation..."
Here, Ms. Ohara looks down at the envelope with something resembling nostalgia.
Kaede: "This is not something I wrote myself, but something a certain someone wrote and gave to me."
Asuka: "Huh, a certain someone—?"
Kaede: "Yes. That’s why, for me, this is my memory of that person—"
Kaede: "I guess you could call it a good luck charm."
Asuka: "......"
Surprised, I cannot seem to find any words to say. As Ms. Ohara says this and presses the envelope against her chest, somehow I feel— I feel very distant from her. If Ms. Ohara is in trouble, I would like to lend her a hand... That is, if I could actually be of help. But...
Asuka: (I’m really bad at finding lost things...)
I’m the type of person that turns everything over to find something she’s lost and ends up misplacing other things as well. Thanks to that, Nao often tells me, "Your job, sis, is to sit quietly and not do anything."
And so.
Asuka: "U-um, I’ll just get in the way, so... I’ll go home. I’m sorry."
Kaede: "Miss Osachi?"
With a sense of a guilt, I leave the training room as if fleeing....Well, it would’ve also been a bit of hassle to get involved with (to be honest)...
====================scr00206.kgo====================
We enter the second half of our summer holidays. The days seem to flow by rapidly. I guess it’s the same for all nursing students , but basically every day is tainted with homework. And so here... I will introduce you to a day in the life in the Osachi sisters’ room. In the morning—
Asuka: "Zzz... zzz..."
Nao: "Mmm... Yawn. Good morning, sis."
Asuka: "Zzzzz..."
Nao: "Hehe, she’s sleeping well. Well then, I guess I’ll make some coffee."
At noon—
Asuka: "Good morning, Nao... I’m hungry..."
Nao: "I thought you’d wake up around now. I just finished cooking."
Asuka: "Yay!"
Nao: "Once we finish eating, let’s do some homework."
Asuka: "Ick."
In the evening—
Asuka: "...A-argh... Nao, my head is about to explode..."
Nao: "Huh, mmm... well, we’re a little behind, but..."
Nao: "Okay, let’s finish here."
Asuka: "Yay! Woot!"
Nao: "How about we take a walk to the station and go shop for dinner?"
Asuka: "Agreed! Ice cream! Ice cream!"
At night—
Asuka: "I’m full."
Nao: "Me too."
Asuka: "Alright then, I think I’ll read some manga."
Nao: "Oh, before that, let’s continue our homework, sis. Homework."
Asuka: "Nao! But, you said ‘let’s finish here’!"
Nao: "Just a little, okay? Just a little. These little efforts will eventually build up and make it easier on us in the long run. Right?"
Asuka: "S-stop being so logical!"
Nao: "Come on, just a little."
At midnight—
Asuka: "Good night."
Nao: "Yeah, good night, sis."
Asuka: "Zzzz..."
Nao: "Wow, she’s already asleep. Hehe. Sweet dreams."
...You know what they say. Sleep well, grow well. And from here... As I’m sure many of you are curious, I’d like to introduce you to a day in the Takeda and Amato room... At least as far as I know from what they’ve told me. In the morning—
Itsuki: "(Yawn)... Save, save."
Sakuya: "(Yawn)... Good morning, Itsuki. Were you playing games until morning again?"
Itsuki: "Morning, Princess. I’m just about to head to bed."
Sakuya: "Honestly... it’s not good for your health to keep up this lifestyle."
Itsuki: "I know, I know. (Yawn.) Alright, good night."
At noon—
Sakuya: "........."
Itsuki: "...Zzz... zzz... zzz..."
Sakuya: "........."
Itsuki: "...Mmm... hmm... toilet, toilet..."
Itsuki: "...... Uh, Princess?"
Sakuya: "??? What?"
Itsuki: "You made a mistake there."
Itsuki: "Yeah, that one. The answer isn’t that, it’s this."
Itsuki: "Alright, good night."
Sakuya: "...Hmph."
At evening and night—
Sakuya: "...... That’s a touching story."
Itsuki: "(Yawn.) Morning. —Huh, are your eyes red?"
Sakuya: "...N-no, they’re not. Stop it."
Itsuki: "Ahh, I slept so much that I’m starving now. Let’s go to the diner."
Itsuki: "Then I need to get back here and continue my game."
Sakuya: "......Seriously."
At midnight—
Sakuya: "........."
Itsuki: "Ah, damn it. I still can’t win."
Itsuki: "Maybe it’s the combination of skills—"
Sakuya: "Itsuki, I’m going to bed soon. What about you?"
Itsuki: "Mmm, I’m just gonna play a little longer..."
Sakuya: "You say that now, but you’re going to end up staying up all night again, aren’t you? You’ll ruin your health if you keep it up."
Itsuki: "I know, I know."
Sakuya: "(Sigh)... Oh well."
Sakuya: "—Good night."
Itsuki: "Good night, Princess. Sweet dreams."
...I wonder when Miss Itsuki actually does her homework.
====================scr00207.kgo====================
I’m being called.
Asuka: ".........It’s the sea."
I’m standing on the beach. Swoosh. Crash. The sound of the waves, as they crash and retreat, calls to me. Swoosh. Crash. The never-ending sound of the sea.
Asuka: "Where did I hear that...?"
Swoosh. Crash.
Asuka: "I heard somewhere that more than 60% of our bodies is made from water and that it’s like we have a sea trapped inside of us."
Asuka: "...Maybe I heard it on TV."
The larger sea calls to the smaller sea inside of me.
Asuka: "—Oh, this is a dream."
I suddenly realize. It’s rare that I realize I’m dreaming. Not that knowing changes anything. I simply gaze out at the distant horizon and listen to the sound of the calling waves.
Asuka: "...The sea is deep and vast."
—Just then.
???: "— — —"
From behind, I hear someone calling to me.
Asuka: "Who is it—?"
I turn around.
Asuka: ".........Huh?"
I wake up inside my bed. The air conditioner in the room is set to low, but my skin is slightly damp with sweat. I can hear the sound of Nao cooking in the kitchen.
Asuka: "Aah... (yawn)."
I get up and stretch fully.
Asuka: "...Now that I think about it, I was wearing my training uniform on the beach... I must be a hard worker in my dreams."
I hadn’t thought anything of it in the dream, though. Thinking back, though, I reflect on its surrealism. Well, I guess that means I’m a good girl who doesn’t forget that she’s a nursing student even in her dreams.
Asuka: (I wonder who it was who called to me from behind—)
The dream had ended as I turned around and I hadn’t been able to catch a glimpse.
Nao: "S-sis, you’re awake? Good morning."
Asuka: "Good morning, Nao."
Nao: "Lunch is almost ready, so hold on a minute."
Asuka: "Alright!"
The doorbell sounds.
Nao: "Oh, who could it be? Sis, can you get it?"
Asuka: "Okay."
I get out of my bed and walk to the door.
Asuka: "(Yawn)... Hold on a sec."
Click. I open the door.
Itsuki: "Hey. Got summer, Dummy Girl!"
Asuka: "Got summer, Miss Itsuki!"
Sakuya: "...Is that some kind of new greeting? Weird..."
Standing in front of our room are Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: "It’s an all-powerful greeting that can be used during summer. It’s pretty popular inside our dorm right now. You could use it too, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "I’ll pass. Hello, Asuka."
Asuka: "Good morning!"
Sakuya: "........."
As our greetings span different time zones, Miss Sakuya frowns slightly. It’s currently lunch time.
Sakuya: "Well, alright. —(Sigh.)"
Asuka: "Ahaha. So, what brings you here today?"
Itsuki: "Oh, well the thing is..."
Miss Itsuki says with a meaningful smile.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl, do you have time tomorrow?"
Asuka: "Ah!!! Umm...... (Warning.)"
Itsuki: "Haha, no, not that. Both you and Little Osachi. If you’re available tomorrow—"
Itsuki glances up at the sky.
Itsuki: "Do you want to go to the seaside?"
Asuka: "I do!"
My answer is instantaneous.
Itsuki: "With us and—whoa, that was fast."
Asuka: (The sea—)
Sakuya: "Wait. Speak to Nao about it properly. After all, there’s the progress of your homework to consider—"
Asuka: "Nao will go too!"
I mean, this is the seaside we’re talking about. And it’s summer. And this is the seaside we’re talking about—
Nao: "Sis, what’s the matter? Oh, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki."
Itsuki: "Got summer!"
Nao: "Got summer!"
Sakuya: "I guess everyone’s using it..."
Nao: "Got summer, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "...G-got......Hello, Nao."
Nao: "Hello, Miss Sakuya."
Asuka: "Nao, it’s the seaside!"
I tell her enthusiastically.
Nao: "...The seaside?"
Asuka: "I should’ve guessed that my dream last night was a premonition. Nothing’s stopping me now!"
Nao and Sakuya and Itsuki: "Dream?"
Yes, I’m sure it’s summoning me. The freedom of the sea. It is telling me, "Asuka, you work so hard all the time. You should take some time off to let loose. Come to me and let’s have fun."
That must be what the dream meant.
Asuka: "...Oh my, finally, finally..."
My voice quivers with joy. Yes, finally!
Itsuki: "By the way, you Osachi sisters aren’t going home to visit your family?"
Nao: "No one’s there anyway. Our parents are abroad for work."
Itsuki: "Ah..."
Asuka: "...Oh, but... Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "What is it?"
Asuka: "...This isn’t gonna be another time where we end up studying at the beach, is it...?"
Sakuya: "What are you saying? Who in their right mind would study at the beach?"
Asuka: ".........I think studying at karaoke is equally strange."
Sakuya: "This is purely recreational. It was Itsuki’s idea."
Nao: "Oh, I see."
Asuka: "...What a relief. Then there’s nothing to worry about. Nao, we’re doing alright on homework, right?"
Nao: "Yes, we are. Actually, we’re even a little ahead of schedule."
Asuka: "Whoa."
Nao: "You’re doing really well, sis."
It really pays to have a plan, and stick to it consistently (I think smugly). I’m the best.
Asuka: "Hehe. Alright then, ehem."
I clear my throat. —Yes, finally!
Asuka: "Summer vacation... is here!"
Itsuki: "...Actually, it started over two weeks ago."
And so, the next day.
Itsuki: "Alright, let’s go then. You guys haven’t forgotten anything, have you?"
Asuka: "Yeah! My summer has arrived!"
Nao: "Ahaha, my sister’s really up for this. She even went and bought a new bathing suit yesterday."
Sakuya: "Someone’s getting a little overexcited. We’re just going to be spending one day at the beach."
Itsuki: "Huh, I’m pretty sure someone else also went and renewed their new bathing suit wardrobe."
Sakuya: "What...!? Th-that’s because... last year’s one had gotten too tight on me."
Asuka & Nao: "Oh..."
Our eyes are drawn towards Miss Sakuya’s breasts.
Sakuya: "Hey! Where are you looking? Stop it!"
Asuka: "Ahaha."
Itsuki: "Come on. It’s not like you lose anything by it. My breasts aren’t any match for yours either, Princess."
Nao: "...I wonder what you can eat to make them so big."
Nao says seriously.
Sakuya: "Enough. Let’s go."
Miss Sakuya turns away and briskly walks off towards the station. Her face is flushed red. By the way. According to Miss Itsuki, she had invited Machi and Michi from our work group. But, when she had called—
Machi: "I’m in Switzerland right now at my relative’s house. Michi’s here too!"
Michi: "I’m here too!"
...Wow.
Itsuki: "Alright, let’s go."
Asuka & Nao: "Yeah!"
Off we go, on our vacation. And then—
Asuka: "We’ve arrived! Tadaa!"
We’re at the sea. There is so much sea, it could be mistaken for nothing else. I can’t stop my heart from dancing.
Itsuki: "Let’s find ourselves a spot, borrow a beach parasol, and then go change."
Sakuya: "Alright."
Nao: "Asuka and I will go borrow the parasol. Come on, sis."
Asuka: "Aye aye, Nao!"
And so we find ourselves a spot.
Asuka: "It’s the sea—!!!"
I’m the first to leap out of the changing room. I shout with delight.
Asuka: "Ahaha, the soles of my feet are hot. It tickles."
The smell of the ocean and the burning sand. I discard my homework-filled days. Even the ‘lazy jellyfish’ who swims in the small sea inside of me appears to be ecstatic today. This is freedom.
Asuka: "This isn’t a dream... is it?"
I feel such emotion rising within me. I mean, come on.
Asuka: "I’m free! Freedom is mine!"
I’ll admit, I’m in high spirits. I must’ve been holding in a lot of stress from studying. Yes, I’ve worked hard. I really have. As I start to feel emotional at my own efforts...
Itsuki: "You really are going all out, Dummy Girl. Just be careful not to trip."
Miss Itsuki appears.
Asuka: "Whoa, you’ve got a great body—"
I catch a glimpse of her and the words tumble honestly from my lips. The smooth and graceful line of her body. Yet, she has curves as well and, although it may sound like a cliché, she looks like a model. I wonder if she works out. She looks awesome.
Asuka: "I have no choice but to admit it... You are an attractive woman."
Itsuki: "So you admit it, huh? You’re pretty cute yourself, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Ahaha. Not at all. Thank you, thank you."
I blush a little.
Nao: "Sis!"
Next, Nao appears.
Nao: "Sis, you look adorable! That bathing suit looks really good on you!"
Asuka: "Come on, you look a lot better, Nao."
Yes, undeniably better. I had known just how pretty Nao was from before. But, seeing her at the beach in a bathing suit like this, she’s so pretty it makes me want to grab her in a tight embrace. I feel the pride of an elder sister.
Asuka: "Ohh, it makes me so happy to see you grown up into such a lovely girl."
Nao: "Come on, sis..."
Itsuki: "You sound like a father about to walk his daughter down the aisle."
And then—
Sakuya: "You all sound in high spirits. Not that I don’t know how you feel."
The headliner, Miss Sakuya, appears. Yes, first of all, her boobs are amazing. I had known this already, but her aura of greatness extends to her chest as well. Looks of awe are plastered to mine and Nao’s faces.
Asuka & Nao: "Whoaaa..."
Sakuya: "...Honestly."
But, perhaps now that she is in a bathing suit, regardless of our staring she holds her head high. Wow. A well-bred girl, distinguished, beautiful, and— She even has big boobs. Exactly how many attractive qualities does she have?
Asuka: "You’re gorgeous, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "Thank you. I’ll humbly accept your compliment. You look great yourself, Asuka."
Asuka: "Ah, you’re making me blush. Hahaha."
It had been worth going to buy a bathing suit yesterday. I am certain today will be a wonderful and fun day. I flap my shining wings of freedom— There are so many things I want to do.
Asuka: "Of course swimming, but beach volleyball sounds good too and I also want to split a watermelon, oh—!"
Itsuki: "Don’t underestimate me. It’s all been planned."
Asuka: "You’re the best! And for lunch I want to eat the not-very-tasty fried noodles they always serve at the beach huts!"
Sakuya: "Itsuki mentioned that as well."
Sakuya: "Something about it being essential that the fried noodles at the beach huts contain slightly uncooked cabbage core..."
Nao: "Ahaha. You know, apparently, it’s ‘summer tradition,’ Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Tradition... I see. Then I’d like to eat it as well."
Miss Sakuya nods thoughtfully.
Itsuki: "Alright then—Let’s head out for a swim. But, before that..."
Nao: "Warm-up stretches?"
Itsuki: "That’s important too. But, you know..."
Asuka: "What is it, Miss Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "You know, there’s another ‘summer tradition’ we shouldn’t forget about."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Itsuki: "The contest where Dummy Girl decides who she thinks looks best in their swimsuit!"
Asuka: "Huh—!? That’s so unfair!!!"
Th-these kind of things happen often to me actually.
Asuka: "Why me?"
Itsuki: "Well, you complimented everyone in their swimsuits equally. I think you’re most fit for the position."
Nao: "...Actually, I’m a little interested to hear as well."
Asuka: "Nao?"
Sakuya: "If it’s a ‘summer tradition’ then it can’t be helped."
Asuka: "Even you, Miss Sakuya!?"
Itsuki: "Alright, all in favor. Don’t worry, I won’t say anything even if you choose my girlfriend."
Asuka: "H-huh..."
Itsuki: "At least not today. It’s all in good fun."
Seriously though... Seriously, though. I mean, don’t all three of them look lovely? Don’t they? (I cry out to the blue sky.) It’s a cruel job to have to choose between these three.
Asuka: "C-can’t everyone be a winner? You know, a pressure-free competition. Hehe."
Nao and Sakuya and Itsuki: "— — —"
Stabbing glares! I guess not! I-I thought it was all in good fun!?
Itsuki: "Come on. Choose your path and raise your friendship rating!"
Asuka: "...Um, I’m not sure what you mean by ‘path’ and ‘friendship rating.’"
With nowhere to run, I think and think.
Asuka: "Ummmmm... alright, well, um..."
Nao Sakuya Itsuki Me
Asuka: "Nao! Is the winner!"
Nao: "Yay! Thanks, sis!"
Sakuya: "........."
Itsuki: "........."
The atmosphere just got a lot more tense. Eeek.
Asuka: "U-um..."
Sakuya: "Heh, I’m of the same opinion. I agree, she’s lovely."
Itsuki: "Oh, then it’s unanimous."
Sakuya: "Oh, you too, Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "Yeah. She’s the only one wearing a one piece bathing suit. She gets high points for that."
Asuka: "...Amazing."
Nao: "W-wow, I’m blushing. Oh my, sis."
Asuka: "Ahaha. Well, I’m proud to call you my younger sister."
We reach a peaceful decision. What a relief... what a relief. Until my fifth year in elementary school, I used to go to the seaside every year with my grandma. When Nao was still a quiet doll and my parents were busy with work and hardly home, my grandma and I used to go. just the two of us. My grandma had surfed a lot when she was younger and she boasted to me, "Anyone who didn’t know me around these parts was an amateur at best."
At the end of that summer, my grandma had died. In the summers that followed, going out with my family or my friends, I ended up substituting the pool for the sea. My grandma had often told me about her love for the sea, and I loved her for being that way. Each time we came to the sea, we used to throw sea slugs at each other. With our bare hands, of course. Swoosh. Crash. I’m standing on the beach.
Asuka: "...It’s the sea."
Swoosh. Crash. The sound of the waves seems to be calling to me. Swoosh. Crash. The never-ending, continuous voice of the sea.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s the same as my dream....Although, this time, I’m wearing my bathing suit properly."
Swoosh. Crash I gaze out at the distant horizon and listen to the sound of the calling waves. That’s right. In my dream, after this...
Nao: "—Sis."
I hear a voice from behind me.
Asuka: "...?"
Called, I turn around. Nao is rubbing sunscreen onto her body under the beach parasol. That’s right, I haven’t put on any yet either.
Asuka: "What is it, Nao?"
Nao: "My hands can’t reach around so can you put it on my back for me...?"
Asuka: "Oh, yeah. Sure."
I answer lightly. Nao holds out the bottle of sunscreen to me.
Nao: "Thanks. I leave myself in your hands—"
Nao: "I’ve got sensitive skin, so please make sure you don’t miss anywhere."
Asuka: "Yeah, leave it to me."
Nao’s bathing suit is a one-piece but the back is open, exposing most of her back. I squeeze out a generous amount of sunscreen on my hand and begin to rub Nao’s back. Rub, rub.
Nao: "...Mmm... oh..."
...Rub, rub. The occasional gasps that escape Nao’s lips are a little... A little—
Nao: "Ohh... yeah, do the side like that too—"
Asuka: "O-okay."
I rub and rub so that I don’t miss anywhere.
Nao: "—Ahh."
Nao’s back trembles suddenly.
Asuka: "H-huh!?"
Nao: "Sis, I’m ticklish there... I think I’m pretty sensitive."
There’s embarrassment in Nao’s voice.
Asuka: "I-I’m sorry."
Nao: "N-no, it’s okay."
Asuka: "......"
Nao: "......"
Asuka: "......"
Nao: "......"
Asuka: (Wh-what’s with this strange vibe. All I’m doing is applying sunscreen—)
Asuka: "Um, I’ll be gentle around this area then..."
Rub, rub.
Nao: "Mmm... ahh... Sis, being too gentle has the opposite effect."
Asuka: "Huh, ah, o-okay."
Nao: "Oh, it’s going to tickle anyway and I have to put it on, so don’t worry..."
Asuka: "Okay..."
I carefully rub, rub.
Nao: "Oh, but I’m really happy about today... Mmm."
Nao’s back suddenly trembles. A gasp escapes her lips.
Nao: "It’s been so many years since we came to the seaside together."
Asuka: "Yeah. We usually always end up going to the pool."
Nao: "The sea screams ‘nature,’ so I’ve always been a bit hesitant to come, but I’m enjoying it now... Ahhh."
Asuka: "Um... Sorry to bring this up in the middle of such pleasant small talk, but..."
Nao: "Huh?"
Asuka: "Your breathing is distractingly erotic, Nao."
Nao: "...Oh, I can’t help myself. It tickles... But—"
Asuka: "???"
Nao: "—I might actually be trying to seduce you, sis."
Nao says in a teasing, mischievous, and slightly naughty voice.
Asuka: "—"
My hands stop.
Asuka: "There she is, temptress Nao. Naughty girl."
Nao: "Ahaha, you didn’t know? I’m a naughty girl."
Asuka: "What are you saying. If you’re a naughty girl, Nao, then I’m a villainess. You’re a good girl."
Nao: "No! I’m not a good girl."
Nao says modestly.
Nao: "...I’m not a good girl at all."
Asuka: "Fine, fine. Alright, everything’s done now, Nao."
Nao: "Okay, thank you, sis."
Nao gets up.
Nao: "Your turn next, sis. I’ll put it on for you."
Asuka: "Okay, oh, but... don’t make it tickle, okay?"
Nao: "Hmm. Let me think about that."
Nao giggles.
Nao: "You did make fun of me and say my breathing was erotic—"
Nao seems to be enjoying herself.
Asuka: (E-eek!)
...Let’s just skip over my turn (out of embarrassment).
Asuka: "Bre--... Miss Sakuya wins!"
Sakuya: "...Did you almost say ‘breasts’ before you said my name?"
Asuka: "N-n-n-no."
Nao: "Sis... That’s terrible... basing your judgment on that."
Asuka: "I-I-I didn’t!"
Itsuki: "It’s fine, it’s fine. Sakuya does have the ‘conqueror’s breasts,’ after all. It can’t be helped."
No one can help but bend a knee to the ‘conqueror’s breasts’!
Asuka: "No, no, no, that’s not it at all. I just stammered, that’s all."
Nao: "Sob..."
Asuka: "Hey, Nao, don’t be sad! I like your breasts too!"
Asuka: "—Wait, what am I saying!?"
Sakuya: "........."
Miss Sakuya remains steadfastly silent.
Asuka: "Arrgghhh..."
Itsuki: "Alright, just once, I’ll allow to bury your face in the Princess’s breasts."
Asuka & Sakuya: "Absolutely not!"
Oh, things have gotten messy...
Asuka: (—But.)
It was my honest opinion. Nothing against Nao or Miss Itsuki, but Miss Sakuya in her bathing suit had been the most dazzling. I had thought this with all my heart. A long time ago, when I came to the sea with my grandma, we made a Christmas tree on the beach. We built a mountain out of sand and decorated it with seashells and seaweed. On the top we placed a dried, parched starfish carcass to complete it. The starfish is the star of the sea. Grandma was the one who taught me that. I remember my picture book. ‘The Girl who Chased Stars ‘—’How to Catch a Star’. If it was ‘How to Catch a Starfish’ that would’ve been pretty easy. Swoosh. Crash. I’m standing on the beach.
Asuka: "...It’s the sea."
Swoosh. Crash. The sound of the waves seems to be calling to me. Swoosh. Crash. The never-ending, continuous voice of the sea.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s the same as my dream....Although, this time, I’m wearing my bathing suit properly."
Swoosh. Crash I gaze out at the distant horizon and listen to the sound of the calling waves. That’s right. In my dream, after this...
Sakuya: "—Asuka."
I hear a voice behind me.
Asuka: "...?"
Called, I turn around. Next to the beach parasol, Miss Sakuya holds something in her hand.
Sakuya: "What are you doing, spacing out?"
Asuka: "Oh, nothing. Where are Nao and Miss Itsuki?"
Sakuya: "They went swimming. Itsuki challenged her to a race to the buoy."
Asuka: "Ah. Nao’s really fast."
Sakuya: "Yeah. But Itsuki is too."
Asuka: "What about you, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "I’m... preparing right now."
Preparing? I wonder what for.
Asuka: "Um, if you want, I can help—"
Sakuya: "......"
Asuka: "??? What’s the matter?"
Sakuya: "...Nothing, alright. Can you help by blowing this up?"
Saying this, she holds up the object in her hand. It’s made from vinyl and is folded up—
Asuka: "Sure, of course."
Sakuya: "Thank you. But I’ll warn you about one thing."
Asuka: "??? What?"
Sakuya: "What I’m about to do... If you laugh at me even a little or make fun of me, I promise I will not forgive you."
Sakuya: "I will hunt you down to the ends of the earth and make you regret, with your whole body and soul, that you laughed. I will... on my honor."
Wow, that’s quite a lot of pressure. I-I-I’m scared! ...But why would I laugh at Miss Sakuya?
Asuka: "I-I won’t laugh....I don’t really get it, though."
Sakuya: "Very well. Then help me with this—"
She points to the air inlet opening on the vinyl object.
Sakuya: "I forgot the air pump. It’ll be difficult to blow this up on my own, so do you mind taking turns?"
Asuka: "Not at all."
It’s folded up so I can’t tell, but perhaps it’s a beach ball. Wait, hold on. More importantly, if we take turns blowing it up... that means... I look at the air inlet opening.
Asuka: "That’ll make this an in—"
An indirect kiss...!?
Sakuya: "An ‘in’?"
Miss Sakuya looks at me questioningly. She doesn’t seem to realize or, if she does, she doesn’t seem to care. Maybe the latter... I mean, she is pretty amazing.
Asuka: "Oh, um, nothing. It’s nothing."
I shake my head furiously.
Asuka: "I’m overthinking things. I mean, I’ve done this with Nao countless times—"
I tell myself this. But still, I’m a little nervous.
Sakuya: "??? Alright then, hold on a second."
Miss Sakuya wraps her lips around the air inlet....Even though I tell myself not to think about it, I can’t help looking at her lips. My heart pounds.
Sakuya: "Ffff—, ffff—"
Come on. There’s no reason for me to get so excited. Frankly, I’m acting like I’m a pervert. Calm down, calm down. Compose yourself.
Sakuya: "Ffff—"
...Wait. I look at the expanding vinyl object we pass between each other.
Asuka: (Huh? Isn’t this, maybe... Huh? But...)
And then—
Asuka: "Ohh—"
Miss Sakuya is holding a swimming ring. With a flower pattern on it.
Sakuya: "........."
Th-this... this...!
Asuka: "—!"
Sakuya: "...What?"
Asuka: "Oh, no! It’s nothing!"
Asuka: (Oh, that was dangerous! If she hadn’t warned me before I would’ve started laughing! Totally!)
I mean, come on, this is pretty impactful stuff.
Asuka: "U-um—"
Sakuya: "...Yes."
Asuka: "...Miss Sakuya, are you not a very good... swimmer?"
Sakuya: "Ma... maybe you could say that."
Asuka: (She’s trying to bluff! For no reason! ...Or, maybe she’s just trying to hide the fact she’s embarrassed...)
Thinking this, I suddenly see Miss Sakuya in an adorable light.
Asuka: "I-it looks good on you."
Sakuya: "...Stop it."
Asuka: "...I’m sorry."
Um... What do you say at a time like this...? I think and think.
Asuka: "...If you want, I could teach you how to swim, you know?"
Sakuya: "You, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Yeah. I’m not that good, though, so I can only teach you the basics. Hehe."
Sakuya: "I see..."
Miss Sakuya bites her tongue as she looks thoughtful. Her cheeks are flushed red.
Sakuya: "...Alright, will you do that for me?"
Asuka: "Sure. Hehe."
Sakuya: "...That’s the second time."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "I told you. If you laugh at me even it a little I won’t forgive you....And yet—"
Asuka: "!? I-I-I wasn’t laughing at you!"
That doesn’t count!
Sakuya: "I see. As long as you’re sure."
Asuka: (Phew...)
But, I see... Miss Sakuya can’t swim. She’s a well-bred girl, distinguished, beautiful, and she even has big breasts. With all those winning qualities to her, to know that there is this other side to her, it’s... It’s nice. Although I couldn’t tell her that.
Sakuya: "......"
Miss Sakuya removes the floating ring from her body and stands up. Had she done it here to see whether or not I would laugh? ...That was a close call. I smile to myself and look up to the shockingly blue sky.
Asuka: "—Since we’re not staying the night, I guess we won’t be able to see the stars from here."
Sakuya: "Huh...?"
Miss Sakuya looks as if she’s been caught by surprise. The stars seen from the beach must be beautiful. Even if they’d still seem far off in the distance. I’d like to see them someday. Yes, hopefully together with someone.
Asuka: "I’ve never stayed overnight at the beach before. So I’ve never seen the stars from the seaside."
Sakuya: "...I see."
Asuka: "Have you, Miss Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "I have. A long time ago."
Asuka: "Oh, it must’ve been with Miss Itsuki."
Sakuya: "—It’s a precious memory for me."
There seems to be an odd tone to her voice.
Asuka: "...I choose Miss Itsuki!"
Miss Itsuki seems surprised at having been chosen.
Itsuki: "Well, that was unexpected. I see. Thanks."
Asuka: "W-well..."
Nao: "......Sis, you’re actually choosing seriously."
Sakuya: "......Yeah, the fact that you chose Itsuki means you’re dead serious. No playfulness whatsoever."
Itsuki: "Totally. It would’ve been safer for you to choose your younger sister or Sakuya."
Asuka: "Huhhh, really!?"
Nao: "I mean, of course if you were choosing seriously you’d choose Miss Itsuki. I’m no match for her."
Sakuya: "She’s right, there’s nothing we could say in our defense. You’re no fun."
Well, that’s pretty harsh! I-I mean...
Itsuki: "I see, I see. I guess you’ve fallen prey to my sexual allure, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "I haven’t! I made a fair judgment—"
Nao and Sakuya: "A fair judgment..."
Nao: "I knew it. You’re totally serious."
Sakuya: "Totally serious."
Itsuki: "Ah, so I guess you seriously chose me."
Asuka: "I-I take it back! I’ll choose again!"
Nao and Sakuya and Itsuki: "........."
It appears it’s too late. Oh dear. Whenever I come to the sea I think of jellyfish. A long time ago, when I came to the sea with my grandma, we watched a jellyfish we had caught in plastic bag and she had taught me as she laughed. Jellyfish are made of over 90% water, so, in some ways, they are a tiny, tiny part of the sea. Jellyfish: the envoys of their mother, the sea! It sounds cool when you put it like that, but my grandma told me something even more important. Apparently, jellyfish have no brains... Interesting. Swoosh. Crash. I’m standing on the beach.
Asuka: "...It’s the sea."
Swoosh. Crash. The sound of the waves seems to be calling to me. Swoosh. Crash. The never-ending, continuous voice of the sea.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s the same as my dream....Although, this time, I’m wearing my bathing suit properly."
Swoosh. Crash. I gaze out at the distant horizon and listen to the sound of the calling waves. That’s right. In my dream, after this...
Itsuki: "—Dummy Girl."
I hear a voice behind me.
Asuka: "...?"
Called, I turn around. Miss Itsuki stands near the parasol. She seems to be checking the various things we brought. Miss Itsuki nudges her finger towards my head.
Itsuki: "By the way, what happened to your goggles?"
Asuka: "Goggles?"
Itsuki: "Don’t you remember? Before we went into the changing room, you had them on your head and you said, ‘I also bought a new pair of these.’"
Asuka: "—Oh!"
Thinking of going on a swimming spree, I had bought a pair of pink swimming goggles along with my swimsuit. I had taken them off while I was changing—
Asuka: "They’re in the changing room. Thanks, I’ll go get them!"
Itsuki: "Be careful! Don’t follow strangers just because they offer sweets!"
Asuka: "O-of course I won’t!"
Who actually tries to pick someone up like that—?
Swimsuit Gal A: "Hey girl, you want some sweets? Why don’t you come play with us?"
Swimsuit Gal B: "We have all sorts of sweets."
Asuka: "Wh-wh-wha—!?"
They actually tried that! I’m surrounded by three gaudy-looking ladies.
Asuka: "No, um, I..."
Swimsuit Gal A: "We thought we’d talk to you cause you look cute. What kind of sweets do you like?"
Asuka: "Um, strawberry milk and stuff..."
Swimsuit Gal C: "Oh, we have those. I like them too. Now come follow us."
Asuka: "N-n-no! I’m just going to get something I forgot."
Swimsuit Gal B: "I see. Then we’ll go get it with you. And then afterwards..."
Swimsuit Gal C: "Oh, your swimsuit is adorable! How does the top part work?"
Asuka: "Hey, st-stop, please don’t touch me! You’re tickling me...! Eeek!"
Why are they touching me so casually? Is this normal these days?
Asuka: (H-help...!)
Asuka: "—!"
Itsuki: "What’re you doing, Dummy Girl? After I went out of my way to warn you."
Asuka: "...Oh, Miss Itsuki!"
Swimsuit Gal A: "Hey, who’re you? Sorry, but we’re in the middle of something here."
Swimsuit Gal B: "Seriously. No one called you."
Swimsuit Gal C: "...Oh, but, I also kinda like her as well..."
Itsuki: "Huh...? I know she looks a little stupid, but she happens to be my girl."
Asuka: "!?!?!?"
Swimsuit Gal A and B: "Your girl?"
Itsuki: "Yeah. Can you stop trying to take advantage of her with sweets, just because she looks stupid?"
Miss Itsuki smiles. A polished smile.
Asuka: "What do you mean I’m your girl? And what do you mean I look stupid!?"
Itsuki: "It’s all a performance. People like these, you’ve got to show them who’s boss."
Itsuki: "You seriously almost went along with them, stupid."
Swimsuit Gal B: "Huh? What are you whispering about?"
Itsuki: "Nothing. I’m getting on her case for being an idiot when we’ve come to the beach together. Right?"
Asuka: "Umm... yes."
Swimsuit Gal A: "Something shady is going on. Is she really your girlfriend? You’re just friends, aren’t you?"
Swimsuit Gal B: "Then why don’t you come along with us, glasses girl? You’re pretty fine yourself."
Swimsuit Gal C: "Yeah, come on!"
Itsuki: "Huh... Seriously. We’re trying to have a romantic time, just the two of us. Stop bothering us. Come on."
Miss Itsuki takes me by the hand and tries to lead me away.
Swimsuit Gal A: "Hey, wait!"
Asuka: "Eek!"
Itsuki: "What? You still won’t leave us alone?"
Swimsuit Gal A: "I’m sorry if you two really are a couple, but..."
Swimsuit Gal B: "There’s something shady going on, isn’t there?"
Swimsuit Gal A and B and C: "Totally."
Asuka: "U-um..."
Itsuki: "...Honestly. What? Would it convince you if we kissed here?"
Asuka: (Huhhh!?)
Swimsuit Gal A: "Oh, that’s good. That shouldn’t be a problem for you, if you’re really a couple."
Asuka: "W-wait, Miss Itsuki."
Itsuki: "(Sigh)... We’re not some kind of spectacle, but fine."
Asuka: (Huhhh!?)
Miss Itsuki turns to face me again.
Asuka: "W-wait, wait, Miss Itsuki! Are you serious?"
Regardless of the fact that we’re doing it to make these ladies go away... Forget about me for a second. Miss Itsuki has Miss Sakuya— I mean, it’s not like I’m okay with this either!
Itsuki: "—Come here."
Miss Itsuki’s finger catches my chin and raises it up. She’s used to this!
Itsuki: "Well, it’s not like you’ll lose anything by this. Just pretend you’re being bitten by a moray eel."
A moray eel? I can’t imagine that! I refuse to! Miss Itsuki’s face draws closer to mine as if it were the most natural thing in the world. —On the lips? I can’t move.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl."
I know, she’s just going to pretend. It’s all pretend. She’ll probably stop right before. Just on the verge. It’s one of Miss Itsuki’s specialties.  A kiss that isn’t what it seems. It’s not what it seems. Her usual line.
Asuka: "...You’re not going to actually do it, right?"
Itsuki: "I totally am. —"
Asuka: "Mmm! —..."
Itsuki: "— —"
Asuka: "...Mmm......"
I stiffen.  My mind has gone blank. The ladies cry out in voices that sound both like cheers and shrieks, but I can’t hear what they’re saying at all. I am also unable to push Miss Itsuki aside.
Asuka: (— — —Is this...?)
Swoosh. Crash. The sounds of the waves reach my ears. I remain dazed, my eyes round with surprise.
Swimsuit Gal A: "...D-d-damn it!"
Swimsuit Gal B and C: "Damn it!"
The ladies run off bitterly. And then...
Itsuki: "Ahahahah!"
Itsuki: "Oh, Dummy Girl, the look on your face! It was priceless."
Pulling her face away, Miss Itsuki bursts out laughing. My whole body is shaking.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl, you kiss with your eyes open? That’s not a good habit."
My whole body is still shaking.
Asuka: "Wh-wh-what the hell—!!! You took me by surprise!"
Itsuki: "Ah, I see. I surprised you."
Asuka: "If you were gonna fake kiss me then at least tell me you were gonna fake kiss me! That you would miss my lips!!!"
Itsuki: "Ahahah! Sorry, sorry."
Asuka: "Ohhh... You shocked me... Completely shocked me."
And that was what had happened. Miss Itsuki’s kiss hadn’t actually touched my lips, but had fallen right next to them. No contact with my lips had been made. It was a brilliant fake kiss. It had seemed to have tricked all of the ladies... in fact, I’d been tricked as well.
Itsuki: "I had to go that far, since they were so persistent."
...She seems completely unfazed. Somehow... this irritates me.
Asuka: "Ohhh... and my heart had been beating so fast. I’m such an idiot."
Itsuki: "Hehe. Well, I would be lying if I said I was lying about the fact that I was lying about not having felt a little nervous myself—maybe."
Asuka: "I won’t even try figuring out the ultimate meaning of that."
I retort.
Asuka: "All things considered, I think I’ll choose myself! I mean, who else would I choose? Ahaha."
Asuka: (R-regardless of who I’d choose... I wouldn’t feel right about it.)
Asuka: (I might as well look like an idiot by choosing ‘myself’ and end this all by having everyone gang up on just me.)
Asuka: (Yes, that’s for the best. Yes—)
Nao: "Oh! Yeah, yeah, I also think you’re No. 1, sis!"
Nao is the ever reliable sweet sister. Now, all that’s left is to survive the retorts from the two beauties with amazing bodies— Or so I had thought.
Itsuki: "Well, you’re right. I’ve no objection."
Sakuya: "Neither do I. I don’t think any of us three are a match for you, Asuka."
Asuka: "Whoaaa, unexpected votes in my favor! Yay!"
Itsuki: "—Well, there no denying that you’re the most dazzling, Dummy Girl. You’re also the most excited of us here on the beach."
Sakuya: "Yes, you must really have been holding in a lot of stress from your homework. I guess you can call it a reactionary response."
Asuka: (...Th-that doesn’t really sound like a compliment...)
...And so. Until noon, we swim and play to our heart’s content. Our stomachs begin to grow pleasantly hungry. So we decide to buy a plate of fried noodles for each of us at the beach hut.
Asuka: "Fried noodles, fried noodles!"
Sakuya: "...So this is a summer tradition? It doesn’t look very well made."
Itsuki: "Well, you’ll understand once you try it."
Sakuya: "Really? ...If you say so..."
Miss Sakuya carries a chopstick full of fried noodles to her mouth.
Sakuya: "...Just as I thought. It’s not really well made. It’s too oily."
Asuka: "Right? I think Nao can make fried noodles that are ten times as good."
Nao: "Come on, sis."
Sakuya: "Oh, really?"
Nao: "I can make fried noodles that are 100 times as good."
Itsuki: "Bold claims, Little Osachi."
Nao: "But I don’t think it’ll beat the fried noodles from a beach hut. No matter how professionally made they are."
Sakuya: "I’m not so certain about that..."
Miss Sakuya doesn’t seem convinced.
Itsuki: "Alright. After we eat this, let’s rest a while and then move on to our dessert. Watermelon splitting!"
The sky is clear, a perfect day for watermelon splitting.
Itsuki: "—So, who wants to go first?"
Miss Itsuki has set the watermelon on the sand and is holding a wooden stick in her hand.
Asuka: "Me!"
I raise my hand enthusiastically.  But.
Asuka: "But actually, I think Miss Sakuya should go first. You’ve never had a go at splitting a watermelon before, right?"
Sakuya: "That’s true. I’ve never actually done it. But—"
Nao: "But?"
Miss Sakuya accepts the stick from Miss Itsuki.
Sakuya: "Hehehe. Though I may not be confident at sea, on land... no one can stand in my way!"
Miss Sakuya twirls the stick around in her hand. She seems up to the challenge. Having come to the seaside, I had learned for the first time that Miss Sakuya couldn’t swim. But... For her, this must be her way of attempting to regain her honor...
Sakuya: "Alright then, blindfold me, Itsuki! I will fight and triumph over the darkness!"
Miss Sakuya really seems up to the challenge!
Sakuya: "......I can’t see."
Itsuki: "Of course, you’re blindfolded. That’s what it’s for."
Asuka: "Over here, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "I-I can hear you, but Itsuki spun me around, so my sense of direction..."
Itsuki: "Those are the rules."
Nao: "Calm down, Miss Sakuya. Go straight."
Sakuya: "O-okay. —Here I go!"
Miss Sakuya takes a firm step forward. Then, staggering slightly, she begins to head towards us.
Asuka: "No, wait, a little more to the right!"
Sakuya: "—L-like this?"
Nao: "Right from Asuka’s perspective, so left for you, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "Alright. Asuka, say it properly."
Asuka: "Sorry, sorry. Oh, you went too far. Correct your position to the left—I mean right!"
Sakuya: "Umm... like this?"
Asuka: "Yes, yes. Then go straight—"
Asuka: "You’re turning, you’re turning! More to the right! Left!"
Itsuki: "Sakuya, behind you, behind you."
Sakuya: "Itsuki, you be quiet!"
Nao: "Oh, Miss Sakuya, don’t turn around. You’ll lose your sense of direction!"
Sakuya: "...!"
Miss Sakuya freezes in the middle of turning around.
Sakuya: "Oh, this is a terrifying game, this watermelon splitting... Phew—"
She takes a deep breath, slowly calming herself down. Then, she says solemnly.
Sakuya: "......Asuka."
Asuka: "??? What?"
Sakuya: "I’ve completely lost my sense of direction. The sound of the waves has thoroughly confused my senses..."
Asuka: "Here! Over here!"
Sakuya: "Silence. I can’t rely on your voice anymore. So—"
Miss Sakuya expression suddenly grows calm.
Sakuya: "I’ll go all out! And trust my gut instinct!"
Asuka: "That’s bold!"
Sakuya: "Haaaaaa!"
Mustering up her strength, Miss Sakuya dashes off. Wow. Miraculously, she heads straight in my direction.
Asuka: "Yes, Miss Sakuya! That’s the spirit!"
Nao and Itsuki: "Whoa."
Asuka: "Yes, that’s the way—"
Miss Sakuya dashes closer towards me. Closer. And closer. And closer—
Asuka: "You’re coming too close! Hey, wha...?"
Sakuya: "Hyaaaa...!!!"
Miss Sakuya swings down her stick... Not on the watermelon, but on my head. Her form is perfect, enough to make a true swordsman jealous. There is a magnificent sound... I think.
Asuka: "Ackk!?"
Sakuya: "...Huh? Was that the sound of it cracking?"
Asuka: (Not cracked, not cracked. It would not be a good thing if it cracked...)
Nao: "Sis—!?"
Nao’s voice is the last thing I hear as I lose consciousness. —I faint................................................................ "Do you know what a ‘nurse’ is?"
"— — — —"
(— — —Huh?) "I’m going to become a ‘nurse,’ so I can protect—..."
...............................................................
Asuka: ".........Huh!?"
Asuka: ".........Wh-what?"
Nao: "Sis!?"
Asuka: "Oh, Nao..."
Swoosh. Crash. I can hear the sound of the waves. When I wake up, I find myself lying on Nao’s lap under the parasol. Ohh. My head feels dizzy...
Nao: "Sis, are you alright?"
Asuka: "Yeah..."
Answering, I raise my body.
Nao: "Is your head alright? Does it still hurt?"
Asuka: "Huh? Oh, right, Miss Sakuya’s stick hit my head..."
Nao: "Yeah. You don’t seem to have any obvious injuries, but..."
Asuka: "I’m fine... I think. It doesn’t hurt anymore....? Where are the other two?"
Looking around, I see no sign of Miss Sakuya or Miss Itsuki.
Nao: "—They went to the beach hut to see if they had something to cool your head with."
Asuka: "I see. Um, how long was I out for?"
Nao: "Just a little. Not even ten minutes have passed."
Nao: "I was so worried that you might not wake up..."
Asuka: "Ahaha. I’m fine, I’m fine."
I answer with a laugh. I really am totally fine.
Asuka: (But, what is it...? I think I remember having a dream...)
I can’t remember it at all. Well, it was a dream, so there’s no point in worrying over it—
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis?"
Asuka: "Ah, no, it’s nothing."
Sakuya: "Asuka!"
Itsuki: "Oh, Dummy Girl. You’re up."
Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki hold up a bag of ice cream in their hands.
Asuka: "Is that ice cream? Yay!"
Sakuya: "This was about the only thing they had to cool your head—"
Asuka: "I’m fine, I’m fine. Let’s eat the ice cream instead."
Itsuki: "Haha. You really do seem alright. I told you, didn’t I, Princess?"
Sakuya: "But... I’m sorry, Asuka."
Asuka: "No, you don’t need to apologize. We were just playing. Besides, I’m a lot tougher than I look."
Itsuki: "It made a great sound. Maybe you’ve got less in your head than a watermelon."
Asuka: "That’s very possible... Oh, what happened to the watermelon?"
Nao: "It’s still over there. We just left it, since we never got to split it."
Asuka: "Let’s eat that too, then. We’ve done enough watermelon splitting."
My mood grows calm and relaxed as I say this.
Asuka: "Let’s relax. Relax like a jellyfish."
In response to my suggestion, everyone seems to grow less tense. Swoosh. Crash. The never-ending sound of the waves. Floating and drifting softly. This is me in my original state of being. Swoosh. Crash. I’ll eat ice cream and watermelon while listening to the sound of the waves calling to me. —Just then.
Itsuki: "Oh..."
Miss Itsuki picks up her smartphone , which had been placed with her other belongings. She looks at the screen.
Itsuki: "Sorry. I’ve got to split for a while."
Saying this, she walks away from us.
Nao: "I think her smartphone was ringing earlier too—"
Asuka: "...Maybe it’s the lab."
I deduce this from Miss Itsuki’s vibe. The ‘Cutesy Laboratory’ club. Currently in the middle of designing a game. Since they hadn’t been able to finish in time for summer, apparently they’re aiming for a winter release. I wonder if there was some kind of emergency.
Sakuya: "..."
Miss Sakuya scowls. Miss Itsuki had said that she pretends not to notice.
Sakuya: "Forget about her for now. She’ll come back eventually."
Asuka: "Okay—"
30 minutes pass before Miss Itsuki returns. We begin our trip home as the sun begins to set over the sea.
Asuka: "Ah, I had so much fun! That was summer at its best!"
Nao: "Hehe. True."
Afterwards, I’d gone back into the sea again, swam, and played on the beach. My body is pleasantly tired. My skin burns slightly, but that’s not a bad feeling either.
Asuka: "That’s was so much fun! I hope we can all come together again next year."
We walk side-by-side, with the sound of the waves growing fainter behind us.
Nao: "Yes. I hope so too, sis."
Sakuya: "Yes, but—"
Itsuki: "Next year, let’s invite Machi and Michi earlier."
Asuka: "...I’d forgotten about the two of them."
Sakuya: "........."
Miss Sakuya looks exasperated.
Asuka: "Ahaha... Please don’t tell them I said that."
I decide, as an apology, to give Machi and Michi one of the beautiful seashells I found on the beach....Along with stories about the fun that we had.
Asuka: "Mmm—"
Feeling the pleasant sea breeze against my skin, I look up at the evening sky. As if not wanting to let go of the passing day.
Asuka: "...Oh."
In one corner of the evening sky, I can faintly, blurrily, see a small star. Just one. One day, about a week before the end of summer vacation...
Nao: "Sis, I have an announcement to make..."
Nao declares. There is something of a serious expression on her face.
Asuka: "Wh-what is it, Nao?"
I ask somewhat warily. C-could I be behind on homework? I’ve worked pretty hard... But, to say I hadn’t slacked off whatsoever would be a lie... Could the situation be exceptionally bad? Ohh, I don’t want to hear.
Nao: "Brace yourself for this, sis."
Asuka: "O-okay."
Nao: "It turns out..."
Asuka: "It turns out?"
Nao: "We’ve basically finished all our homework! Clap, clap, clap."
Nao claps. I stare blankly.
Asuka: "Huh, does that mean what I think it means...?"
Nao: "Yes, sis. You did well. See? It pays to work at it diligently, right?"
Asuka: "Y-y-yeah..."
I am trembling.
Asuka: "My summer has arrived!"
Nao: "...Whoa, that’s the second time this year."
Asuka: "Nao, listen carefully. Now that our homework is done, for the rest of the summer, I will do everything I can... everything I can to..."
Nao: "Play?"
Asuka: "To laze around! I will do everything I can to do nothing! That’s what my summer is all about!"
Yes, that’s what it is all about.
Nao: "...Well, we should do some light reviewing for the test we have right after the holidays—"
I feign deafness. And then. I continue to do everything I can to do nothing. And I allow no one to stand in my way— One week later. The day my world comes to an end.
====================scr00208.kgo====================
The night of August 31st arrives.
Asuka: "............"
I stand facing the wall. I hear Nao washing the dishes in the kitchen. She is humming quietly.
Nao: "Hmm...♪"
Asuka: "............"
In front of my eyes, a calendar is tacked to the wall. August is a photo of a bright, blue sky, with the days starting from the 1st all the way to 31st below. We had circled every day that passed and slowly the dates had been eaten by the circles. Today, the 31st, had been finally circled as well. With a squeaky, red pen. Next to this, written in Nao’s handwriting, are the words, ‘Let’s do our best at school from tomorrow!’ The night of August 31st arrives.
Asuka: "............"
—Summer vacation has finished. School begins from tomorrow. There are tests to confirm how well we did our homework, the difficulty of our classes and our training will go up, and, most likely, new homework will be distributed. The difference between before and after summer vacation apparently makes everything before it seem like child’s play.
Asuka: (The homework was difficult, but I got to go to the seaside and spend a week doing nothing—)
My fun summer vacation will be over.
Asuka: "Who... Who decided that anyway?"
I breathe out the words from between my teeth.
Asuka: "I won’t accept it..."
I express myself resolutely.
Asuka: "I won’t accept it! I won’t allow this flimsy piece of paper (the calendar) to dictate when it will end!"
I speak as if I were rebelling against the heavens themselves.
Asuka: "Nao!"
Nao: "What is it, sis?"
Nao sticks her head out from the kitchen.
Asuka: "My summer vacation will not finish! I will never, ever let it finish!"
Nao: "...(Sigh)."
Asuka: "I won’t allow it to finish! So I’m running away from home."
Nao: "Alright, have fun. Do you have your wallet? It’s late, so be careful."
Asuka: "Okay."
Then, I leave my room.
Nao: "...It’s been a while since Asuka went on one of her mini-runaways. She didn’t attempt one during the Golden Week holidays, though—"
It’s an Osachi specialty. Asuka’s end-of-vacation mini-runaways....Well. It never takes me long... To face the reality that there are no summer vacations that don’t end.............................................. An hour later.
Asuka: "I’m home... Nao."
Broken by reality, I trudge back home.
Nao: "Welcome home, sis. I thought you’d be home soon, so I ran a bath."
Asuka: "Ohhh, Nao, you’re a good little sister."
I say emotionally.
Nao: "Stop it. I made the water lukewarm, so take your time and then let’s go to bed."
Asuka: "...Okay, let’s do that."
Nao: "You know, sis..."
Asuka: "???"
Nao: "The reason I’m a good little sister is because you’re a good big sister, you know?"
Nao smiles at me. Her smile spreads warmth through my heart.
Asuka: "—"
School starts from tomorrow. After walking around the city aimlessly for around an hour—I return to the front of the dorm.
Sakuya: "Asuka?"
Asuka: "Oh, Miss Sakuya—"
Sakuya: "Good evening. Were you out for a walk? It’s pretty late, though."
Asuka: "Huh, um, yeah, something like that..."
Sakuya: "—Heh. It looks like you weren’t able to find a summer that doesn’t end."
Asuka: "!? H-h-h-how!?"
I am attempting to ask her, "How did you know?"
Sakuya: "Nao told me. When I visited your room just now."
Asuka: "...I see."
Asuka: (Huh?)
Then, the fact Miss Sakuya had heard that from Nao and is standing here now, means...
Asuka: "...Wait, were you waiting here for me?"
Sakuya: "— —"
For some reason she stares at me with sharp eyes! (I quiver.)
Sakuya: "Yes, in fact, I was."
Sakuya: "If you hadn’t returned in another 30 minutes... in spite of the fact that it’s late and there’s school tomorrow—"
Sakuya: "I would have gone and found you, no matter how long it took, and dragged you back here by the scruff of your neck."
Asuka: "S-scary!"
Asuka: "But... just as Nao said you would, you came home."
This time she laughs gently....Oh, is this some kind of carrot-and-stick thingy?
Asuka: "I want to... become a nurse with you."
Asuka: "Huh...!?"
Thump. My heart pounds.
Sakuya: "Along with Itsuki, Nao, and the rest of our class as well. All together, that’s the best way."
Asuka: "......O-oh, I see. That’s what you meant."
After my initial surprise, my shoulders droop.
Sakuya: "Hehe. What did you think I meant?"
Miss Sakuya gives me an uncharacteristically mischievous smile. I respond.
Asuka: "N-n-nothing!"
Even as I hope that the darkness hides the redness of my cheeks. As I stumble about, near the station, I run into Miss Itsuki.
Itsuki: "Hey, it’s Dummy Girl. School starts tomorrow and you’re out enjoying the nightlife? Impressive."
Asuka: "...I’m not you."
Itsuki: "What are you saying?"
Itsuki: "I finished my homework too fast, so I’ve been bored during summer vacation. I’m looking forward to school starting again."
Itsuki: "I really can’t wait."
Asuka: "What an annoying thing to say..."
Itsuki: "You, on the other hand... Is it safe to assume you’re running from a tomorrow you can’t avoid?"
She had nailed it completely. Argh...
Asuka: "Exactly. Although I’m well aware I can’t run from it... Haha."
I laugh dryly.
Itsuki: "Maybe. But I don’t think there’s anything wrong with running. Or trying to run."
Asuka: "Y-you think...?"
Itsuki: "—In fact, why don’t I help you? We can run far away."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I like running away, and I’m good at it. Besides, I have my bike. We can go anywhere."
As Miss Itsuki says this, her voice is oddly... Oddly—
Asuka: "Um, I’ll pass... I was just about to head home anyway."
Itsuki: "How disappointing."
As Miss Itsuki says this, she truly does look disappointed. H-hold on...
Asuka: (Yes, I’ll go home—)
Before I get caught up in anyone’s wicked schemes. After walking aimlessly around the city for about an hour... I end up in front of the school.
Asuka: "Ahahaha. So much for running away..."
Kaede: "??? Miss Osachi?"
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara... G-good evening."
Kaede: "Good evening. Do you have an appointment at the academy?"
Asuka: "N-no, not exactly..."
Kaede: "Hehe. So, I guess school starts from tomorrow."
Ms. Ohara says, looking at the school building.
Asuka: "Yes, and I wanted to run from that—! Ohh, I mean...!"
The truth tumbles out of my lips and I panic. Of course Ms. Ohara will scold me for saying that—
Kaede: "I know. I understand the urge to run."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Ms. Ohara’s response is unexpected. I look at Ms. Ohara with large, round eyes. Still looking at the school building, Ms. Ohara laughs... softly.
Kaede: "I mean, it’s difficult, studying to become a nurse. I was the same—"
That’s right, Ms. Ohara had also attended the nursing academy .
Asuka: "Did you ever want to run away too, Ms. Ohara?"
Kaede: "Of course I did. In fact—"
Asuka: "In fact?"
Kaede: "No, it’s nothing. Miss Osachi, you will come to school tomorrow, won’t you?"
Ms. Ohara’s angelic smile. The object of my admiration.
Asuka: "—I will."
I nod.
Asuka: "Hehe. Alright, I’ll see you at school tomorrow."
Under the starry sky.
====================scr00301.kgo====================
The next morning— While I was sleeping, I received a text from Yuki. ‘I guess school starts tomorrow at Teito Nursing. I’m so jealous. Once I get well, I’d like to study there as well. I want to study a lot. When I get there, please teach me the ropes, Asuka.’
Asuka: "(Sigh)... ah... ah..."
Itsuki: "Hey, Little Osachi. What’s the matter with her? She looks like a zombie that couldn’t manage to die."
Sakuya: "It’s a little embarrassing... Does she hate school that much?"
Nao: "Oh, no, it’s not that. It’s just... she got a text this morning."
Sakuya & Itsuki: "A text?"
Nao: "Yeah, and it seems to have drained her out. Slightly."
The text I had received from Yuki. It had been innocently honest and full of dazzling hope.
Nao: "—That sort of text."
Sakuya & Itsuki: "Oh."
Asuka: "The sun... Its rays of hope... They hurt... They’re blinding."
The clear, September sky shines down on me mercilessly.
Itsuki: "She probably doesn’t suspect that the person she’s texting plotted to escape from the school."
Asuka: "Erk!"
Sakuya: "Stop it, Itsuki. In the end, Asuka didn’t run away."
Sakuya: "Although, it seems more like she didn’t have the courage to go through with it."
Asuka: "Arghh!"
Nao: "That’s taking it a bit too far, both of you. Right, sis?"
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "I believed in you. That you weren’t someone that would just abandon everything."
Nao’s radiant glow.
Asuka: "Urghhh...!"
I sustain major damage.
Itsuki: "...I think you’re draining her more than anyone, Little Osachi."
Sakuya: "You just need to shape up, Asuka. Honestly, I know you can do it when you set your mind to it."
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Sakuya: "Nao may have pushed you, but you were able to finish your homework a week ago."
Itsuki: "Yeah, that’s true. Even with your sister’s help, if you really had no willpower you wouldn’t have been able to finish."
Nao: "Hehe. That’s right."
Asuka: "I... can do it when I set my mind to it."
I show faint symptoms of recovery.
Itsuki: "I heard a rumor that you’re determined to win the Nightingale Award , right?"
Miss Itsuki is grinning widely.
Asuka: (Who told her!? ...Right, it must Machi and Michi...)
Yes, that day when Machi and Michi had come to study... In between periods of study, I had talked about it. I mean, I had said it lightheartedly as a joke. And the two seem to get along well with Miss Itsuki, so it’s not surprising they’ve told her. But I don’t know how I feel about Miss Itsuki knowing...
Sakuya: "No, Itsuki. Asuka is going to go out of her way to refuse the Nightingale Award ."
Asuka: (Even Miss Sakuya knows! I should’ve expected this!)
I have nowhere to run.
Asuka: "O-ohh..."
I’m red in the face.
Sakuya: "That’s really quite impressive. It doesn’t leave you much time to be running away or getting discouraged though."
Miss Sakuya’s words are stern, but somehow cheerful.
Asuka: "I won’t run away... I think."
I hope she overlooks the slight lack of confidence in my voice.
Itsuki: "—By the way, Little Osachi."
Nao: "Me?"
Itsuki: "What would you do if Big Osachi ran away? From what I heard, you enrolled so that you could be together."
Nao: "Aha. I’d drop out too. And I’d chase after her."
Nao says this nonchalantly; in fact, she almost seems cheerful. Wait, hold on.
Itsuki: "Whoa... I’m starting to think this one (points to Nao) is more messed up. You have a lot of responsibility on you, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: ".........Yep."
To think that I was holding Nao’s fate in my hands too! ...Not that I didn’t already know that. We run into the inseparable two in front of the academy. We haven’t seen them since the time they came over to study.
Asuka: "Oh, good morning, Machi and Michi."
Machi & Michi: "Good morning!"
Asuka: "You’re back from Switzerland?"
Machi & Michi: "Yes, it was great!"
It’s been a while since I’ve heard the two of them harmonizing. Machi and Michi, back from Switzerland. They’ve brought chocolate as a souvenir. Apparently they bought it at the main branch of a famous worldwide chain....They’re so cool.
Kaede: "Yes. Good morning, everyone."
Ms. Ohara smiles her angelic smile. Hearing Ms. Ohara’s greeting makes me truly aware that school has begun.
Kaede: "Did all of you enjoy your summer vacation?"
Kaede: "Anyone spend too much time playing and still haven’t finished their homework yet?"
Asuka: "Noooope!"
Hehe. I’ve finished all my homework. I puff out my chest with pride.
Kaede: "A nice, strong reply, Miss Asuka Osachi. And you’ll keep up that confidence for the tests, I take it?"
Asuka: "Y-yes..."
Sakuya: "You’re stammering, Asuka."
Miss Sakuya doesn’t miss a thing.
Kaede: "I’m really happy to see all of your bright faces."
Kaede: "From today until October, we’ll begin classes for the second half of the first term. Please do your best to keep up."
Kaede: "Also, from now until winter vacation, there will be a variety of events, so I’ll explain them to you now."
Ms. Ohara looks around the classroom and continues.
Kaede: "First of all, this isn’t an event, but from the second half of this month, you will all have your second hospital training ."
Asuka: "Hospital?"
Asuka: (Ohhh, I get to see Yuki again—!?)
But Ms. Ohara continues indifferently.
Kaede: "You will each go to different hospitals from the ones you went to last time."
Kaede: "As a nurse , you will not be able to predict your work environment."
Kaede: "So, while you are students, it is important to experience a variety of workplaces."
Of course things wouldn’t work out that smoothly. Having not responded to her last text yet, I had thought I would have something to write about....Too bad.
Kaede: "Except—Miss Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Y-yes."
Kaede: "Your group will be going to the same hospital as last time."
Asuka: "Huh? Really!"
Kaede: "This decision has been made upon receiving a formal request from the chief nurse. Do you know what this means?"
Asuka: "Umm..."
Kaede: "The chief has stated that... she wants to confirm with her own eyes your penance and the progress you’ve made."
Kaede: "And so we have allowed this specially for this reason."
A small buzz fills the classroom. I hear words such as "peed herself in the hospital"
and "the chief was furious."
Th-the shame...
Student: "Apparently, she gets pleasure from peeing her pants. So..."
Asuka: (Weird rumors are spreading! Eeek!)
I need to correct them later! But, right now, more importantly—
Asuka: (I get to go to Yuki’s hospital again...)
I know I shouldn’t be in high spirits, but I can’t help being a little happy.
Asuka: "...Alright, when I get home, I’ll text her."
Nao: "Hehe. I’m happy for you, sis."
Kaede: "Regarding hospital training , I will pass out the papers later, so please confirm your details individually."
Kaede: "Next, October will be the second years’ Capping Ceremony . You, as first years, will also attend."
I can hear voices of excitement. Even though it may not be our own Capping Ceremony , it is still something special for us. Next year will be our turn—as long as I don’t get set back a year.
Kaede: "And next, in November... It is still quite a way ahead of us, but we will hold our annual school festival ."
Once again, excited voices can be heard. There truly are a lot of events to come.
Asuka: "The annual school festival ..."
Nao: "Apparently, it’s pretty hard on the first years."
Nao whispers to me.
Asuka: "??? Hard?"
Nao: "Yeah. The second and third years are busy with training and studying for the national exams , so they are given no responsibilities for the annual school festival ."
Nao: "So the first years apparently have to put in the effort..."
Asuka: "I-I see..."
Sakuya: "I’ve heard that people from outside of the school will be coming as well, so we must not embarrass ourselves."
Miss Sakuya seems pretty enthusiastic about it. I wonder if she likes school festivals .
Itsuki: "I just think it’s a hassle. I wish I could sleep at home."
Miss Itsuki shows very little enthusiasm... I can somewhat relate to that.
Machi & Michi: "Apparently they do fashion shows."
Asuka: "Fashion shows?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, I heard. Nurse uniform fashion shows, right? Apparently there are a variety of types."
Asuka: "Hmmm..."
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl, maybe we should put you in with your Prima cosplay. That’s based on a nurse’s uniform after all."
Asuka: "I refuse! >_<"
Just as I raise my voice in protest, there’s the sound of a loud clap.
Kaede: "Alright, silence. I still haven’t finished talking yet."
Kaede: "There is much you will all have to do before winter vacation, but first..."
Ms. Ohara looks from each student’s face to the next.
Kaede: "From tomorrow, you will have your homework review tests. Good luck."
Silence descends on the classroom. ‘School started from today. Around the end of this month, I’ll be going to your hospital for training. I’ll tell you all about school then!’
Asuka: "And, send."
Returning to the dorm, I immediately write Yuki a text. Not more than a few minutes after sending it, she replies.
Asuka: "Whoa, that was fast."
‘Really!? I heard that they don’t send students to the same hospitals twice!!! I’m really looking forward to seeing you, Asuka!!!!!!’ I can sense Yuki’s excitement by the number of exclamation marks she uses.
Asuka: "...Um, ‘I’m looking forward to it’—"
In the middle of writing my response to Yuki, I get another text from her. ‘Recently, I’ve been doing really well. In the near future, I’ll have an operation. By the time you come, Asuka, I hope I’ll be strong enough to go for walks.’
Asuka: "An operation..."
I mutter as I read Yuki’s text... What should I write in response? Her countless days in the hospital. Lying at the bottom of the sea where she cannot see the stars. What can I say to Yuki as she tries her best to swim to the surface?
Asuka: "Mmm—"
‘I’m sure the operation will go well! I’ll do my best so that once you enroll in Teito Nursing Academy , I’ll be able to teach you lots of things. You do your best as well, Yuki.’ It takes some resolve for me to send it. ‘Do my best.’ Those words that I sent to Yuki—I feel as if I cannot easily betray them.
Asuka: "...I will do my best."
I send it. Her reply is immediate. It’s a simple text. ‘I will. I won’t lose to any stupid disease.’ —For a moment... I almost cry.
Nao: "Sis?"
Nao, who had been preparing dinner in the kitchen, sticks out her head.
Asuka: "Oh, Nao. I told Yuki I’ll do my best."
Nao: "Oh... I see."
Told this suddenly, Nao looks surprised. Seeing the smartphone in my hand, she smiles.
Nao: "Alright, then you gotta do your best. I’ll do what I can to help."
Asuka: "Yes! Thanks."
Nao: "Alright then, from today we’re gonna raise our study course to the next level!"
Asuka: "A-alright... L-let’s do this!"
I thump my chest in response. I swallow a comment asking her not to go too hard on me.
====================scr00302.kgo====================
The summer vacation homework review tests go on for about a week. They’re held every day, for the first half of each class.
Asuka: "L-l-let’s do this!!!"
The results? I manage to somehow barely pass. With September comes an increased variety in our nursing training—
Kaede: "Alright, today, in our class on maternity nursing , we will do ‘ newborn bathing ’ training."
Newborn bathing . This is practice for how to bathe a newborn baby when becoming a nurse for a obstetrician. Each student is given one baby doll. Each group is given one bathing tub to use.
Kaede: "The doll is heavier than it looks, so be careful."
Asuka: "Whoa, i-it is!"
Kaede: "It is the actual weight of an average newborn baby."
Kaede: "Also, it simulates a newborn’s lack of neck support, so it will seem heavier than its actual weight."
Kaede: "Let’s practice carefully and learn to bathe it properly."
First of all, Ms. Ohara shows us an example.
Kaede: "Once you are in your second year, you will practice on actual newborn babies, so watch carefully."
The way that Ms. Ohara embraces the baby (doll) paints an exquisite picture. Usually she is ‘angelic,’ but now she almost seems to be an embodiment of the ‘Madonna.’ I consider how, even though Ms. Ohara is apparently single, she would probably make an excellent mother.
Kaede: "The newborn cannot hold up its own neck, so support it carefully..."
Asuka: "Hm, hm."
Nao: "Oh, s-sis—"
Kaede: "Put its feet first gently into the hot water or wipe it with a cloth first so that the baby isn’t startled."
Asuka: "Interesting."
Nao: "Sis!"
Asuka: "??? What is it, Nao? Right now I’m listening carefully to what Ms. Ohara is saying—"
Nao: "...Sis, your baby (doll)... It’s sunk."
Asuka: "Huh..."
In the short moment I had taken my eyes off of it, my baby (doll) had drowned in the bathing tub.
Asuka: "Oh, you’re right!"
Itsuki: "This is child abuse, no, hold on, this is murder. We need to arrest you, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "I-it’s negligence at worst! I mean, come on, it’s a doll!"
Sakuya: "You have to treat it as if it were really a newborn baby."
Asuka: "Ack, I-I’m sorry..."
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi, before you apologize, it would be best if you took your doll out of the water first."
Asuka: "O-oh, right!"
My days as a good mother seem far off... One night, a week away from my second hospital training . Subject: ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager.’ It’s a text from Yuki. ‘I’m finally starting to feel better from my operation. It was pretty difficult, but the operation was a success. I seem to be recovering well.’ ‘I was told that I’m not allowed to walk for a while, but I hope we can talk a lot when you come to visit, Asuka.’ She hadn’t told me the date of her operation, so I hadn’t been sure when to send her a text. With the day of my next hospital training approaching, I had just begun thinking about how Yuki was doing and whether I should text her or not.
Asuka: "It was a success... I’m glad."
Subject: ‘That’s great news!’ ‘I was slightly worried, but I’m glad the operation was a success!’ ‘It’s important to not push yourself and to put your health first! Let’s go for a walk when you get better, Yuki. I’ll ask Ms. Shionogi to let us talk tons.’
====================scr00303.kgo====================
The day of my second hospital training —
Asuka: "....Ohhh."
Sakuya: "You’re fidgeting, Asuka."
Asuka: "W-well..."
Sakuya: "Try to remember that we’re here for training."
Sakuya: "Don’t embarrass us in front of the chief and the other nurses ."
Miss Sakuya’s words are a little sharp.
Asuka: "Oh... sorry. I know."
And then, we arrive at the hospital again. I’m a little nervous. Partly due to being able to see Yuki again, and partly because I’ll be reporting to the chief who scolded me for the pants-peeing incident.
Asuka: "Ohh... (Fidget, fidget.)"
Sakuya: "Stop fidgeting, Asuka. You’re making me nervous as well."
Itsuki: "If you work yourself up too much, you’ll pee your pants again."
Asuka: "I won’t, damn it!"
Nao: "Sis, language. Deep breaths, deep breaths."
Asuka: "Okay... Ooh... Aaah..."
Asuka: "Ack, cough, cough."
Nao: "Breathing, fail..."
Machi & Michi: "Asuka, you’re too nervous."
Itsuki: "Too nervous."
Asuka: "Ah-ahaha..."
...Well, I seem to have calmed down a little. Yes. I should be fine, I think.
Asuka: (I wonder if Yuki will be surprised...)
No, I’m here for training. I’m a nursing student . I need to shape up. And so.
Chief: "Good morning, everyone."
Asuka: "Good morning!"
Chief: "It’s been a while, Miss Asuka Osachi. Are you doing well?"
Asuka: "Y-yes!"
I had been prepared to immediately receive a scolding from the chief, but it looks like I managed to avoid that....But, I think she is observing me carefully.
Chief: "For you trainees, this is your second hospital training session."
Chief: "Today, you will perform bed making on the empty beds and simple bathing on the patients ."
Chief: "I say simple, but you will be handling the patients’ bodies for the first time, so please concentrate on your tasks."
In response to the chief’s words, we nod with serious expressions on our faces.
Chief: "Of course, don’t forget to greet the patients when you encounter them."
I wonder if I’ll be able to visit Yuki’s hospital room—
Chief: "Alright, night shift. Report."
And, just like last time, the nurses who had been on the night shift give their status reports .
Shionogi: "It’s been a while, Miss Asuka Osachi. I look forward to working with you again today."
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Shionogi. It’s been a while. I look forward to working with you too!"
Today I will be assisting Ms. Shionogi again, just like last time. I feel a little relieved.
Nao: "I’m Nao Osachi. Nice to meet you."
This time, Nao will also be accompanying Ms. Shionogi.
Shionogi: "The same last name... Are you sisters?"
Nao: "Yes, I’m the younger sister."
Shionogi: "So you’re aiming to become nurses together. You must get along well. Alright, shall we go then?"
Asuka & Nao: "Yes!"
Sakuya: "I’m Sakuya Takeda. Nice to meet you."
This time, Miss Sakuya will also be accompanying Ms. Shionogi.
Shionogi: "Yes, nice to meet you too... Oh, you’re the one who helped clean Miss Osachi’s—"
Sakuya: "Oh, it was nothing."
Miss Sakuya cuts off Ms. Shionogi’s words. She must be talking about how she had been the first to clean up after I peed myself. Well, that proves it. It’s still embarrassing.
Shionogi: "Alright, shall we go then?"
Asuka & Sakuya: "Yes."
Itsuki: "I’m Itsuki Amato. Nice to meet you."
This time, Miss Itsuki will also be accompanying Ms. Shionogi.
Shionogi: "Yes, nice to meet you. —Hehe."
Itsuki: "??? What is it?"
Shionogi: "I just remembered how, after your last training session, the nurse you were designated to went completely crazy with excitement."
Oh, the one who had heart-shaped eyes for Miss Itsuki.
Shionogi: "I’m pretty sure she’ll be jealous about today. Alright, shall we go then?"
Asuka & Itsuki: "Yes."
Shionogi: "Alright, shall we go then?"
Asuka: "Yes!"
Led by Ms. Shionogi, we leave the nurse station . The hospital ward we head to isn’t the one where Yuki is.
Shionogi: "Summer holidays... All I remember is that there was so much homework."
Nao: "I guess that’s the case for everyone."
Shionogi: "Around the end of vacation, we used to gather at someone’s room every day and help each other out."
Ms. Shionogi talks nostalgically, as Nao responds in a friendly manner.
Sakuya: "As nursing students , we have a lot to learn."
Shionogi: "That’s true. Around the end of vacation, we used to gather at someone’s room every day and help each other out."
Ms. Shionogi talks nostalgically, as Miss Sakuya responds with a serious expression on her face.
Itsuki: "Well, I finished it pretty quickly and just took it easy the rest of the time."
Shionogi: "Huh, really?"
Itsuki: "I’m pretty smart."
Shionogi: "Wow, that’s impressive. Around the end of vacation, we used to gather at someone’s room every day and help each other out."
Itsuki: "Oh, well that’s a lot of fun too."
Ms. Shionogi talks nostalgically, as Miss Itsuki responds with amusement. Ms. Shionogi says nostalgically.
Shionogi: "Around the end of vacation, we used to gather at someone’s room every day and help each other out."
—But. But, there’s something else that’s on my mind.
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Shionogi."
Shionogi: "What is it?"
I know that as a nursing student , it is not ideal to worry yourself with any one individual patient . But, I can’t help myself.
Asuka: "How is Yuki doing?"
I have asked the question....I consider how I might be scolded for it. Next to me, Nao has a look of surprise on her face. Next to me, Miss Sakuya has a reproachful look on her face. Next to me, Miss Itsuki has an unconcerned look on her face that makes it hard to tell whether or not she heard what I said.
Shionogi: "Miss Yuki Seria?"
Asuka: "Yes."
Shionogi: "—She passed away. At the beginning of last week."
Ms. Shionogi speaks in a regular tone as she continues to walk the hallway.
Asuka: "Huh...?"
I feel my temperature drop.
Nao: "...Sis."
After taking a sharp breath, Nao looks towards me.
Sakuya: "Asuka—"
After taking a sharp breath, Miss Sakuya looks towards me.
Itsuki: "— —"
Miss Itsuki remains silent, but her breathing changes slightly. "She passed away."
"At the beginning of last week."
...Huh, when had I received my last text from Yuki? That’s right. At the beginning of last week. Right after that...? Ms. Shionogi continues in a matter-of-fact voice.
Shionogi: "After you came for training last time, she had another operation. It was successful and she had been recovering well, but..."
Shionogi: "Last week, her condition suddenly worsened... It’s unfortunate."
Asuka: "— —"
Nao: "...I see."
As I am unable to form words, Nao responds for me instead. My feet have stopped moving. Nao stops as well and Ms. Shionogi, realizing this, also stops and turns around.
Sakuya: "...I see."
As I am unable to form words, Miss Sakuya responds for me instead. My feet have stopped moving. Miss Sakuya stops as well and Ms. Shionogi, realizing this, also stops and turns around.
Itsuki: "...I see."
As I am unable to form words, Miss Itsuki responds for me instead. My feet have stopped moving. Miss Itsuki stops as well and Ms. Shionogi, realizing this, also stops and turns around. I am at a loss for words. Realizing I have stopped walking, Ms. Shionogi also stops and turns around. I know I should say something, but I cannot find the words. "Asuka, I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse."
Shionogi: "...I guess this isn’t something to talk about in the hallway."
Led by Ms. Shionogi, I return to the nurse station . The chief seems to have left and there is no sign of her in the nurse station .
Shionogi: "I’m sure you’re aware of this, but I have to make my rounds so I can’t spare too much time."
Asuka: "...I understand."
Nao: "— — —"
With a gentle expression on her face, Nao remains silent.
Shionogi: "I won’t tell you not to be shocked. After all, this is someone’s life we’re talking about."
Asuka: "......"
Shionogi: "But I can’t show you to our patients with you looking like that. I need you to get a hold of yourself."
Asuka: "......I’m sorry."
Shionogi: "You were exchanging texts with Yuki, weren’t you?"
Asuka: "— —"
I give a nod. The subject line of her texts had always been... ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’. And we had exchanged many texts. It had pained me to read some of Yuki’s texts, while others had been a source of encouragement. And so, I had been looking forward to seeing her— So much.
Asuka: "...I understand."
Sakuya: "— — —"
Miss Sakuya is watching with me with a firm gaze.
Shionogi: "I won’t tell you not to be shocked. After all, this is someone’s life we’re talking about."
Asuka: "......"
Shionogi: "But I can’t show you to our patients with you looking like that. I need you to get a hold of yourself."
Asuka: "......I’m sorry."
Shionogi: "You were exchanging texts with Yuki, weren’t you?"
Asuka: "— —"
I give a nod. The subject line of her texts had always been... ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’. And we had exchanged many texts. It had pained me to read some of Yuki’s texts, while others had been a source of encouragement. And so, I had been looking forward to seeing her— So much.
Asuka: "...I understand."
Itsuki: "— — —"
Itsuki watches me silently.
Shionogi: "I won’t tell you not to be shocked. After all, this is someone’s life we’re talking about."
Asuka: "......"
Shionogi: "But I can’t show you to our patients with you looking like that. I need you to get a hold of yourself."
Asuka: "......I’m sorry."
Shionogi: "You were exchanging texts with Yuki, weren’t you?"
Asuka: "— —"
I give a nod. The subject line of her texts had always been... ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’. And we had exchanged many texts. It had pained me to read some of Yuki’s texts, while others had been a source of encouragement. And so, I had been looking forward to seeing her— So much.
Asuka: "...I understand."
Shionogi: "I won’t tell you not to be shocked. After all, this is someone’s life we’re talking about."
Asuka: "......"
Shionogi: "But I can’t show you to our patients with you looking like that. I need you to get a hold of yourself."
Asuka: "......I’m sorry."
Shionogi: "You were exchanging texts with Yuki, weren’t you?"
Asuka: "— —"
I give a nod. The subject line of her texts had always been... ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’. And we had exchanged many texts. It had pained me to read some of Yuki’s texts, while others had been a source of encouragement. And so, I had been looking forward to seeing her— So much.
Asuka: (I had really been looking forward to seeing Yuki again—)
Shionogi: "The chief is also aware that you were texting her."
Shionogi: "On top of that, I am sure you’re aware of this from your studies at school, and I myself have told you, but..."
Shionogi: "—There are many patients like her."
Asuka: "...Yes. I understand."
Shionogi: "Since last time, after your group came for hospital training , she is not the only one who has passed away."
Asuka: "...I understand."
Shionogi: "And yet, every day, we must continue to greet our patients with a smile as they battle against sickness and injuries."
Asuka: "...I understand."
Everything Ms. Shionogi says is correct, and I nod.
Asuka: "I... understand. A nurse must always address the patient with respect."
Asuka: "She must treat them fairly, without bias, and must not favor one over the others."
Asuka: "...That was one of the first things our teacher taught us in General Nursing Theory ."
Ms. Shionogi silently listens to me speak.
Asuka: "I understand this—"
I know what is expected of me as a nurse , or at least, as an aspiring nurse .
Asuka: "Um, I’m sorry."
Shionogi: "What is it?"
Asuka: "...I have to cry."
I can’t stop myself. I can’t stop the tears that fall. Or my shoulders that tremble.
Nao: "Sis..."
Shionogi: "—I won’t tell you not to cry. However, I’m sorry, but I can’t give you much time."
Shionogi: "You’ll need to compose yourself quickly. Go to the bathroom, wash your face, and clear your mind."
Shionogi: "I’ll begin making my rounds as I can’t delay them any further."
Asuka: "...I understand."
Sakuya: "Asuka..."
Shionogi: "—I won’t tell you not to cry. However, I’m sorry, but I can’t give you much time."
Shionogi: "You’ll need to compose yourself quickly. Go to the bathroom, wash your face, and clear your mind."
Shionogi: "I’ll begin making my rounds as I can’t delay them any further."
Asuka: "...I understand."
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl—"
Shionogi: "—I won’t tell you not to cry. However, I’m sorry, but I can’t give you much time."
Shionogi: "You’ll need to compose yourself quickly. Go to the bathroom, wash your face, and clear your mind."
Shionogi: "I’ll begin making my rounds as I can’t delay them any further."
Asuka: "...I understand."
A small sigh escapes Ms. Shionogi’s lips.
Shionogi: "—I won’t tell you not to cry. However, I’m sorry, but I can’t give you much time."
Shionogi: "You’ll need to compose yourself quickly. Go to the bathroom, wash your face, and clear your mind."
Shionogi: "I’ll begin making my rounds as I can’t delay them any further."
Asuka: "...I understand."
I go the bathroom and wash my face with cold water over and over again. I wipe my face with a towel and step out into the hallway. Nao is waiting there for me. She should’ve gone with Ms. Shionogi.
Asuka: "Oh, I’m sorry, Nao."
Nao: "Don’t worry about it. You know, if it’s too much for you today, I think it’ll be okay for you to take the day off. I can tell them for you."
Asuka: "I’m alright... No, I’m not alright, but I’ll be fine."
Nao: "...Really?"
My mind is still spinning.
Asuka: "Let’s go and find Ms. Shionogi. We’ll be late."
Nao: "Okay."
I wipe my face with a towel and step out into the hallway. Miss Sakuya is waiting there for me. She should’ve gone with Ms. Shionogi.
Asuka: "Oh, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Have you calmed down?"
Asuka: "I’m alright... No, I’m not alright, but I’ll be fine."
Sakuya: "...If it were me—"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "I’d cry after I got home. I would never allow myself to cry during training."
Asuka: "Ah, you’re right. I’m sorry."
I apologize.
Sakuya: "If a patient I developed a connection with had died, I would cry as well."
Sakuya: "I think anyone would."
Asuka: "Oh... I see."
She is probably trying to cheer me up, trying to tell me that she understands how I feel. I take a short, but deep breath.
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya, let’s go and find Ms. Shionogi. We’ll be late."
Sakuya: "Yes, you’re right."
I wipe my face with a towel and step out into the hallway. Miss Itsuki is waiting there for me. She should’ve gone with Ms. Shionogi.
Asuka: "Oh, Miss Itsuki."
Itsuki: "Hey. Are you alright?"
Asuka: "I’m alright... No, I’m not alright, but I’ll be fine."
Itsuki: "You’re not gonna run away, are you? Over something like this."
Asuka: "— —"
Miss Itsuki seems to be trying to provoke me with her words... but there’s something more than that.
Asuka: "No, I’ll be alright."
I tell her this, even as the pain in my chest shows no sign of easing.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki, let’s go and find Ms. Shionogi. We’ll be late."
Itsuki: "—Right."
I wipe my face with a towel and step out into the hallway.
Asuka: (Get a hold of yourself, Asuka Osachi.)
Even as I tell myself this, I can feel my head spinning.
Asuka: "I’ll go find Ms. Shionogi."
Muttering this, I begin to walk down the hallway. During my short lunch break, I make my way to the hospital room Yuki was in. There is a different name on the door label. I stand dazed in front of the door. "Asuka, I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse."
Asuka: "...Do you really think so, Yuki?"
I cry a little more. Of course, I’m certain the chief heard about my crying. But she said nothing to me. I had been worried about whether I would be able to do bed making and simple bathing properly, but I surprise myself by accomplishing it with no mistakes. After our training finishes, in the end, the chief addresses us trainees at the nurse station .
Chief: "Today, all of you did very well. I hope you will continue to do so."
She looks each of us in the eye. She looks me in the eye.
Asuka: (—I wonder what it means to become a nurse .)
Still not knowing, I think back to Yuki in her hospital room. ‘To the Jellyfish Club Manager’ That night, I gaze absentmindedly at the mail screen on my smartphone . The subject line of each of Yuki’s texts is the same. She probably took a liking to the Jellyfish Club story.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao."
Nao: "What is it?"
Asuka: "The rule that you shouldn’t exchange email addresses with patients ... It really is true."
Nao, who had been writing a report at the study desk, turns towards me.
Nao: "Yes. It is."
Asuka: "But, I don’t regret it."
Nao: "...I see."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Nao: "Sis, I think it was for the best too."
Asuka: "Hehe. Thanks."
The night is quiet and melancholy.
====================scr00304.kgo====================
Still, we nursing students are not given much time to dwell in sentiment. Pathology class.
Teacher: "Today we will have a mini test regarding ‘Pregnancy Through IPS Cells ’ that we studied about in our last class."
Teacher: "You will have 20 minutes to study on your own and then the test will start. Alright, begin studying."
Asuka: (.........Um, let me see.)
—I think everyone goes through something like this. Where we grow up and find... maybe our elementary school notebook or our kindergarten drawing book— And there we rediscover our incredulous dreams of what we’re "gonna be when we grow up"
that we’d long forgotten about— And we say to ourselves, "What was I thinking back then!?"
Things like becoming the president... Or a Ghostbuster ... Actually, those are the better ones. Sometimes you see kids who say they want to be a cabbage... Yeah, you thought you were gonna become a vegetable. And, for me, I had written in my picture book, ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars ,’ that I would become a ‘nurse’. That is the reason why I am here right now.
Asuka: (Yes, this is all very true.)
But there is a reason why I am thinking back to the things I had thought on my first day of school. If I said that I wanted to reconfirm my starting point— It would be completely untrue... No, this is nothing that cool.
Asuka: "...Nao."
Nao: "What is it, sis?"
Asuka: "Which do you think it’s more difficult to become, a nurse or the president...?"
Nao: "Huh? ...Th-that’s a pretty complicated question."
Nao responds questioningly, as I ask her without taking my eyes off the textbook.
Sakuya: "—Anything can be difficult if you think it is. It’s all about how you perceive it."
Miss Sakuya says coolly from the seat behind.
Itsuki: "Yep, yep."
Miss Itsuki says from the seat next to Miss Sakuya.
Itsuki: "But just because you tell yourself it’s easy, the ‘reality’ is that it doesn’t make it any easier."
Asuka: "That’s a harsh ‘reality’..."
Sakuya: "Don’t say unnecessary things, Itsuki."
—This is something that I had heard later... During the hospital training we had the other day, Miss Sakuya was also informed that one of the patients she had talked to a lot during the previous training session had died as well. Concerning this, Miss Sakuya had said nothing. And I asked nothing.
Asuka: (I wonder how Miss Sakuya felt...)
A part of me wants to ask her, but it’s not something for me to just drop into the conversation.
Kaede: "I’m sorry to interrupt during class."
Saying this, Ms. Ohara enters the classroom just around the time that the 20 minutes of private study is about to be over. Our teacher has a stern expression on her face.
Asuka: "...Ms. Ohara?"
Ms. Ohara looks towards me. No, not towards me.
Kaede: "Miss Takeda."
She calls out to Miss Sakuya behind me.
Sakuya: "—Yes. Is something the matter?"
Kaede: "Yes, I just received word from your family. Your mother has collapsed."
Asuka: "Huh!?"
Kaede: "They want you to return home immediately."
A murmur ripples through the classroom. Eyes turn towards Miss Sakuya.
Sakuya: "I understand. I will go immediately. Itsuki, please take care of the rest."
Itsuki: "Alright, leave it to me."
Miss Sakuya’s voice sounds calm and Miss Itsuki doesn’t seem to have reacted much either.
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya..."
Sakuya: "It’s not a big deal. —Excuse me, I know it’s the middle of the class, but I have to leave."
Teacher: "I understand. Go now."
Receiving the teacher’s approval, Miss Sakuya takes her bags and strides out of the classroom.
Asuka: (How can she say it’s not a big deal...?)
All I can do is watch Miss Sakuya’s back as she walks towards Ms. Ohara.
Itsuki: "Princess, what should I do about them?"
Miss Sakuya turns around in response to Miss Itsuki’s words, but instead of looking at Miss Itsuki she gazes at me.
Sakuya: "—"
Then, she replies to Miss Itsuki.
Sakuya: "You can tell them. I’d rather they didn’t respond with unnecessary concern."
Itsuki: "Gotcha."
Sakuya: "And also... Stop calling me that at school."
After Miss Sakuya says this in her usual voice, she leaves the classroom with Ms. Ohara. But murmurs still continue to fill the classroom.
Teacher: "Alright, study time is over. The test will begin."
Cries of dismay can be heard throughout the classroom.
Itsuki: "—I’ll tell you everything when we get back to the dorm. Sakuya won’t come home today."
Itsuki: "The thing about Sakuya is that she was born when her parents were quite old."
Nao and I have been invited to Miss Itsuki’s room. We’d gone to our room once to leave our stuff there and as soon as we’d entered her room she had begun talking. Her tone seems to indicate no sense of concern.
Nao: "How old...?"
Itsuki: "I heard she was around 50. So I guess... she’s a little before 70 now."
Asuka: "Nao, if our grandma was still alive..."
Nao: "Um, she died at 65 during the autumn of our 5th year in elementary school, so... she’d be 74?"
Asuka: "She’s basically the same age as our grandma !"
Itsuki: "Yep... That’s why she’s starting to show symptoms of aging. This isn’t the first time she’s collapsed."
Miss Itsuki speaks in a dry voice. Probably on purpose.
Nao: "Miss Sakuya must be worried..."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Itsuki: "Haha. It’s not that simple."
Itsuki: "If she was simply worried, she wouldn’t leave her aging parent and enroll in a boarding school."
Itsuki: "There are plenty of nursing academies that aren’t boarding schools."
Asuka: "Oh..."
Itsuki: "Things aren’t going well between Sakuya and her parents."
Itsuki: "Well, basically her mother is very protective of Sakuya and Sakuya doesn’t like that."
Itsuki: "She was even against her becoming a nurse ."
Miss Sakuya’s words remind me of our encounter at the stairway on our first day of school. "I was late to school due to personal family matters."
So this was the thing I thought she wouldn’t tell me even if I asked.
Nao: "Since she was born so late in life... maybe she dotes on her so much she can’t help herself."
Itsuki: "Who knows? Even I don’t know the details."
Nao: "...Um, Miss Itsuki, you seem to only mention the one parent."
Itsuki: "Sharp as always, Little Osachi."
Itsuki: "Yeah, her other parent died when we were small."
Asuka: "I see..."
Hearing this, I can get a sense of why Miss Sakuya’s mother would be protective of her.
Itsuki: "I’m sure you understand."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "Sakuya said I could tell you because she doesn’t want you to pry or feel sorry for her."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Itsuki: "Try to make sure to respect her wishes."
The next morning, on our way to school we run into Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki.
Sakuya: "Good morning, Asuka, Nao."
Nao: "Good morning, Miss Sakuya."
Asuka: "Good morning. You’re already back."
Sakuya: "I came back on the first train. Itsuki’s been showing me her notes from yesterday’s classes."
Itsuki: "She forced me to wake up from what little sleep I get."
Sakuya: "You play games too much. I’m sure you took advantage of the fact I wasn’t there to play until really late..."
Nao: "Ahaha. I see."
Sakuya: "I’m pretty tired myself, actually. (Yawn.)"
Miss Sakuya lets out a small yawn.
Asuka: "........."
Partly due to what I heard yesterday, I can’t stop myself from staring at Miss Sakuya.
Sakuya: "??? What is it, Asuka?"
Miss Sakuya is nothing but her usual self. It must’ve been hard. Are you alright? Such words nearly leave my lips, but I remember Miss Itsuki’s words. "She doesn’t want you to pry or feel sorry for her"— So, instead, I end up mumbling and then panicking slightly at how unnatural I sound.
Asuka: "Oh, um... that’s the first time I’ve seen you yawn, Miss Sakuya. I was thinking how cute you looked."
Sakuya: "—!!!"
Miss Sakuya’s face is bright red... What a rare sight.
Itsuki: "Well done, Dummy Girl. Princess Sakuya’s yawning face is one of her three major attractive features."
Sakuya: "Stop it!"
Asuka: "...I wonder what the other two are."
Nao: "Yeah, I’m interested too."
Sakuya: "I don’t have any! Stop talking about stupid things."
Asuka: "Ahaha."
The morning is turning about to be a normal, or even slightly more lively than normal, morning. Yes, I think to myself, this is how it should be.
====================scr00305.kgo====================
During morning home room, there is an announcement from Ms. Ohara.
Kaede: "Next week, the second years’ Capping Ceremony will be held. Everyone, including you first years, will attend."
Murmurs fill the classroom.
Kaede: "It will be held in the auditorium. All of you will attend wearing your training uniforms."
Kaede: "Along with it being an important ceremony for the second years, it also something you will be participating in next year. Please approach it earnestly."
Kaede: "Regarding the details—"
The Capping Ceremony . I had seen a picture in the Teito Nursing Academy brochure, but this will be my first time to actually see it for real. Even though we’ll just be observing, the thought of it still makes my heart pound.
Asuka: "The nurse’s cap and the candlelight service . I’m so envious."
This is the largest event at the nursing academy . Possibly bigger than even the graduation ceremony. In the dim auditorium, having your teacher place your nurse’s cap on you. Standing in line with a single candle in your hand. Reciting the Nightingale Pledge together. Next year, I will be standing there—
Asuka: "...I hope... but I’m not sure."
Kaede: "There is symbolic meaning behind the nurse’s cap and the candlelight service . Do you know what it is, Miss Asuka Osachi?"
Asuka: "Huh? Ummmm... I don’t."
Kaede: "Next year will be your turn, so please try to remember."
Kaede: "The white nurse’s cap is a symbol of ‘purity.’"
Kaede: "The candle that Nightingale held as she made her rounds at night symbolizes ‘honesty’ that shines its light without prejudice."
Kaede: "Both of them stand for things that are very important to being a nurse ."
Asuka: "Wow..."
I’m moved. All I had considered until now was that the candles seemed pretty cool.
Sakuya: "It was written in the Teito Nursing Academy brochure. You didn’t read it?"
Asuka: "...I’m sorry."
====================scr00306.kgo====================
Even if the ceremony isn’t for us, as it draws closer the more nervous I get. The Capping Ceremony is just that important— One of the things that you realize at the Capping Ceremony when you actually attend...
Asuka: "...It’s hot..."
Yes, the Capping Ceremony is hot. The auditorium doors and windows, of course, are closed and the air conditioning has been turned off to prevent the terrible situation of candles from being blown out. The auditorium is filled with trapped, stuffy heat.
Asuka: "Ack...>_<"
Sakuya: "Asuka, be quiet."
Asuka: "Ah, I’m sorry."
The principal is standing on the podium along with several other teachers. Ms. Ohara is also standing at the corner of the podium, reading the names of the second years. In front of the podium stand the second year students and behind that, we first years. The names of the second years are called individually and they go to stand on top of the podium.
Nao: "Sis, here."
From my right, Nao hands me a handkerchief.
Asuka: "Thanks."
Nao: "It’s pretty humid in here since the air conditioning isn’t working."
Asuka: "—Yeah."
I wipe my sweat with her handkerchief and then go back to watching the Capping Ceremony as it unfolds. One by one, the second years walk up onto the podium. The principal places a nurse’s cap on their heads, then they take a single candle and walk up to the candle held by the statue of Nightingale. They light their own candle and walk to the back of the podium to stand in a row. They walk unadorned and solemnly.
Asuka: (Oh, it’s beautiful.)
The countless floating candles light up the podium, as I hear Ms. Ohara’s voice reading the names....It touches my heart. I peek a glance at Miss Sakuya’s profile on my left and Miss Itsuki’s next to hers. Miss Itsuki’s expression is relaxed, Miss Sakuya’s composed and dignified. I cannot read anything from their faces, as they gaze towards the podium. I turn my eyes towards the podium as well. The second years standing in a line appear solemn and show no sign of merriment.
Asuka: (Next year, I’ll be standing there as well—)
...I try to imagine it, but cannot seem to. I cannot imagine myself in this far off world of stars. Ms. Ohara reads the last name, and silence falls in the auditorium. Then, Ms. Ohara’s soft, solemn voice begins to flow again.
Kaede: "—The Nightingale Pledge ."
The Nightingale Pledge . We first years have also received the text and an explanation from Ms. Ohara. It is a pledge based on the spirit and teachings of Florence Nightingale , who is the founder of modern nursing. It’s quite long, but for the Capping Ceremony you have to memorize all of it by heart. The second years on the podium recite the Nightingale Pledge in unison.
Asuka: (Oh—)
Mixed within the voices of the second years... I can faintly hear the sound of Miss Itsuki’s voice from next to Miss Sakuya. It’s almost like a whisper.
Itsuki: "...I solemnly pledge before God and in the presence of this assembly..."
Miss Itsuki has memorized it. I do remember her saying that it was easy to remember.
Itsuki: "...To pass my life in purity and to practice my profession faithfully."
Miss Sakuya says nothing to stop her.
Itsuki: "I will abstain from whatever is deleterious and mischievous..."
The second years’ pledge and Miss Itsuki’s voice.
Asuka: "— — —"
By the time I realize it, tears are falling from my eyes. Of course. Afterwards, Miss Itsuki makes fun of me for this, saying, "Why are you of all people crying?"
...I keep it a secret that I had been thinking about Yuki.
====================scr00307.kgo====================
Nao: "It’s starting to turn into autumn."
Nao says as she gazes out of the window.
Asuka: "It truly is, young Nao."
I agree as I drink the hot tea Nao has made.
Nao: "You’re like an old lady, sis."
Asuka: "I want to just sit in the sun on a porch, accompanied by a cat, and just relax..."
Nao: "Hmm, I guess with some rice crackers next to you."
Asuka: "I’d ask for some soft rice crackers. I can’t really chew the hard ones."
Nao: "...Wow, you’re really going for realism, aren’t you?"
We make idle chat on a holiday afternoon in autumn.
Asuka: "So it’s already autumn..."
Nao: "The sky seems higher in comparison to summer."
Asuka: "Ooh, that’s a pretty artistic expression."
Nao: "Hehe. You think? —I wonder what kind of autumn it’ll be."
Nao smiles sheepishly with the autumn night sky behind her. There seems to almost be some special meaning behind her words. A contemplative expression crosses my face as I think it over a little... before saying.
Asuka: "A calm one, I hope."
This is my sincere wish, as, ever since being admitted into the academy, everything has been hectic. Nao laughs a little.
Nao: "I think that’s best as well."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Nao: "But next month we have the annual school festival so I guess we’ll be pretty busy."
Asuka: "I do want to enjoy the school festival ."
I say, once again, deadly serious.
Nao: "We need to prepare for it while studying at the same time. Looks like it’ll be pretty hard."
Asuka: "They should cancel school during the preparation period..."
I say, disheartened.
Nao: "...I don’t think such a considerate school exists."
Nao says, tilting her head dubiously. An autumn night. Watching the starry sky, I fall asleep. Even as I wish to the stars for peaceful days.
====================scr00308.kgo====================
The next morning.
Itsuki: "Good morning, Osachi sisters."
We meet Miss Itsuki in front of the dorm.
Nao: "Good morning, Miss Itsuki."
Asuka: "Good morning. Huh, you’re by yourself? Where’s Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "Mmm... She wasn’t there when I woke up. Probably went to school first."
Asuka: "Oh."
Maybe there was something she had to do.
Nao: "That’s rare."
Itsuki: "Last night we had a huge fight. That’s probably why."
Asuka: "Huhhh!?"
A sudden storm!
Nao: "...I see."
Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki had a fight?
Itsuki: "Oh, you didn’t hear it at all last night? There was pretty loud shouting."
Asuka: "I couldn’t hear it at all! If I did I would’ve rushed over."
Not that I could’ve done anything. But still.
Asuka: "...Huh, wait. Didn’t you once say... it was impossible for you two to fight?"
I remember her saying something like that.
Itsuki: "Ah, yep. I did say that. It is impossible for us to have normal fights."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I just told you, didn’t I? We had a huge fight? Normal fights and huge fights are two completely different things."
Asuka: (...U-um...)
Miss Itsuki speaks in her usual, casual, nonchalant tone. I don’t know how to reply to her.
Asuka: "—Wh-what started it?"
Itsuki: "Maybe the fact that it’s autumn."
Asuka: "I have no idea what you’re talking about, damn it."
Nao: "Sis, language."
Itsuki: "You know what they say: a woman’s heart is like the autumn sky. Probably that."
For some reason, there’s a smug look on Miss Itsuki’s face....Well, so she pretty much has no intention of telling. But a "huge"
fight...
Asuka: "What is Miss Sakuya like... when she gets mad?"
Itsuki: "Amazing. She starts unleashing her drop-kicks."
Asuka: "A princess wrestler!? Whoa, that’s so cool..."
Nao: "...(Sigh.) I don’t think she actually does that, sis."
Itsuki: "Yeah, that was a joke."
Asuka: "...Of course. It got me a little excited, though."
Itsuki: "Well, how can I put it? When Sakuya gets mad... she’s super adorable."
Asuka: "Oh, one of those three thingies."
Itsuki: "Her three attractive features. Although you have to risk physical damage to see it."
Seeing how much fun Miss Itsuki seems to be having, I begin to think that it may not have been anything too bad. I consider this, but... Even as I think I’m sticking my nose in other people’s business, I speak.
Asuka: "You should make up with her properly."
Itsuki: "Haha. It’s none of your business."
I knew she’d say that...
Itsuki: "—In fact, you’re the last person I’d want to hear that from."
There’s irony in her voice. Why!? I think to myself, but it’s probably because...
Asuka: "Is it because I’m stupid!? How rude!"
Itsuki: "Ahahaha."
Arriving in the classroom, Miss Sakuya is there.
Itsuki: "Good morning."
Sakuya: "Good morning, Itsuki."
Miss Sakuya closes her open textbook. The two of them greet each other as if nothing had happened and Miss Itsuki sits down next to Miss Sakuya as usual. Miss Sakuya says nothing.
Sakuya: "Good morning, Asuka, Nao."
Nao: "Good morning, Miss Sakuya."
Asuka: "G-good morning. You’re here early."
Sakuya: "I simply woke up early."
Miss Sakuya says curtly. I guess you could say she’s her usual self. We sit in the seats in front of them. In front of us, Machi and Michi sit next to each other.
Machi & Michi: "Good morning."
Asuka & Nao: "Good morning."
In response to their perfectly harmonized greeting, we sisters greet them in unison as well. A regular morning.
Sakuya: "...Perhaps it’s because of the spiteful occurrence of last night."
Hearing the voice behind me, a shiver runs down my spine....Sp-spiteful?
Itsuki: "That must have been quite the ordeal for you."
Machi & Michi: "Did something happen between the two of them?"
Asuka: "W-well..."
As the two of them are the focus of attention on a daily basis... There is a nervous energy surrounding the other girls (including myself) who observe them, creating a tension within the classroom....My stomach hurts.
Asuka: "Argh..."
The door opens and Ms. Ohara walks in.
Kaede: "Good morning, everyo—, wh-what’s the matter?"
Ms. Ohara seems bewildered by the odd tension in the air. Flustered, she says.
Kaede: "O-oh dear, was there some important test today?"
No, that isn’t it, Ms. Ohara...
====================scr00309.kgo====================
With the odd tension remaining, time passes until finally school ends—
Asuka: "A cafe!"
Sakuya: "A study presentation!"
With the training equipment between us, Miss Sakuya and I face off against each other.
Sakuya: "Why are you so fixated on a café? I don’t understand you."
Asuka: "I-it makes a lot more sense than doing a study presentation for the annual school festival ."
Sakuya: "It’s a good opportunity for outsiders to learn more about nursing."
Miss Sakuya shows no sign of backing down. But I don’t give in either.
Asuka: "You do know that the annual school festival is a ‘festival,’ right?"
Sakuya: "A ‘festival’ can be interpreted many ways."
Sakuya: "In fact, it is naive to interpret it merely as a party. You should be ashamed of yourself."
Asuka: "Ashamed!? You’re so mean!>_<"
What exactly are Miss Sakuya and I arguing about...? Well, it’s about what our attraction will be for the annual school festival . Apparently, due to how busy the second and third year students are with studying and training, at Teito Nursing Academy the first years are given the responsibility of making preparations for the annual school festival . Instead of our entire class coming up with one attraction, the various work groups will, in fact, have to come up with one attraction each. When more help is needed, it is possible to collaborate between groups, but every year, just amongst the first years, about seven to eight attractions are usually created. Apparently, there have been nurse uniform fashion shows where various brands of white uniforms are worn.
Asuka: (Whoa! I’m pretty interested in that as well!)
And so.
Asuka: "What says school festival more than a cafe!? ...Right, Nao?"
Nao: "Huh? Mmm... I guess that could work..."
Sakuya: "I disagree completely. It’s hardly a proper idea at all."
Asuka: "Argh..."
It had started after school. While we had been doing group work practicing our basic nursing training.
Asuka: "I want to run a cafe for the annual school festival ."
From this casual comment, my conflict with Miss Sakuya had begun.
Sakuya: "What you’re talking about, Asuka, is a play-cafe, right? That’s something you do at high school."
Sakuya: "It’s not something that nursing students like us do."
Asuka: "...A-argh!"
I receive repeated blows to my self-esteem.
Asuka: (But, here I will not back down! I’m sick and tired of study presentations!)
Machi & Michi: "Asuka is being crushed."
The two easygoing friends chime in. Easy for them to say... damn it.
Itsuki: "......(Yawn.)"
I cast a glance towards Miss Itsuki and see her gazing outside the window and yawning. For the whole of today... Other than their morning greetings and the bare minimum of communication, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki have not conversed at all. It’s not like they’re usually lovey-dovey or anything, so it doesn’t feel exactly odd. But, still, it’s not normal.
Asuka: (Miss Itsu—)
Sakuya: "Alright, there appears to be no objection. Very well, our group will hold a study presentation for people outside of the school."
Asuka: "!? Whoa, wait, hold on! I object!"
I hurriedly interrupt. Miss Sakuya looks exasperated.
Asuka: "Ummm..."
Nao: "Well, I don’t think there’s any need for us to decide in a hurry. Maybe we can talk about it at a later date."
Sakuya: "Well, we don’t have much time... but I guess you’re right."
I somehow managed to stand my ground... That was dangerous.
Sakuya: "Asuka."
Miss Sakuya says looking at me.
Sakuya: "You don’t have to worry about us. —So don’t try to get involved."
Her voice is surprisingly gentle and I cannot say anything in response.
Asuka: "......"
Returning to our dorm, we do our homework in silence until dinner time.
Nao: "......"
Silence.
Asuka: "......"
Silence.
Nao: "...Sis, your hand isn’t moving at all."
Asuka: "Huh!?"
I had merely been looking at my homework and spacing off.
Asuka: "I-I’m sorry... Ahaha."
Nao: "—Sigh. Is it about Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki?"
Nao also pauses her hand and looks towards me.
Asuka: "No... well, um... yeah."
Nao: "You’re worried about them."
Asuka: "......Yeah. What do you think, Nao?"
Nao: "I think—we should just leave them be."
Asuka: "Whoa, chilly... You’re not worried at all then?"
Nao: "I am worried."
Asuka: "Really?"
Nao: "I am worried that you thinking about the two of them is preventing you from focusing on your studies."
Asuka: "Ouch...>_<"
Nao’s words cut me.
Nao: "You’re the only one that’s important to me, sis."
Nao has a serious look on her face....Hm? Huh? Am I just imagining it?
Asuka: "...Nao, are you actually upset?"
Nao: "Yeah, a little. Well, not really mad, more jealous I guess. I’m petty."
Asuka: "No wayyy!"
In my surprise, my words come out a little weird. Along with my surprise, I recall something. The night before summer vacation, when the four of us had gone to karaoke. "Sis, do you like Miss Sakuya?"
"If you do... I’ll support you, you know?"
I can’t seem to connect the Nao of then to the Nao of now— Or maybe. Inside Nao’s mind, they’re connected....That being said, I have an aversion to bringing up that conversation now.
Nao: "Do you remember the Open Campus held at Teito Nursing Academy ? When you caught a cold and couldn’t come?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I remember. What about it?"
Nao is talking about the Teito Nursing Academy ’s Open Campus , held in the winter of our third year of high school. Nao and I were supposed to go together, but I wasn’t able to because I had caught a cold. Nao ended up going alone. I remember Nao telling me everything she had learned when she came home.
Asuka: (Why is she talking about it now...?)
Nao: "On that day, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki came as well."
Asuka: "Oh, I see."
Nao: "I really just caught a glimpse of them and it wasn’t like they noticed me or anything. The two of them really stood out."
Asuka: "I guess... I know what you mean."
Nao: "I had thought then that if we enrolled in the same school and we studied in the same class, you’d end up liking one of them."
Nao: "I mean, you’re a sucker for good looks."
Asuka: "Huhh!? That’s not true!"
Nao: "It is. Don’t patronize your younger sister. I’ve been with you for a long time."
Nao smiles mischievously....I-I guess she’s right. Although I hadn’t been aware of it...
Asuka: (Sucker for good looks...)
Asuka: "...Well, I tend to be easily swayed."
Nao: "Exactly."
Asuka: "I feel a little embarrassed..."
As my cheeks turn red, Nao suddenly seems to relax her shoulders.
Nao: "Remember, sis. I am your miracle drug and your sweet sister—"
Asuka: "—Yeah."
Nao: "I love you, sis."
Asuka: (Oh—)
Nao: "I. Love. You."
As Nao says this, her expression...  Her eyes... They mirror that day.
Asuka: (So... she loves me.)
In that case, I love, love, love, love, love her. But.
Asuka: (Nao, that love...)
It’s...
Nao: "—Oh, dear!"
Asuka: "Wh-what!?"
Nao suddenly raises her voice and I blink my eyes.
Nao: "It’s already gotten so late. Sis, I’ll make dinner now. I’ve already made preparations."
Nao stands up and strides over to the kitchen. I look at the clock. It’s a little before 8 PM. A surprising amount of time has passed. I can hear the sound of Nao opening the refrigerator.
Asuka: (Nao—?)
I stare blankly towards the kitchen.
Asuka: (Nao is the good little sister. I’m the no-good older sister. The two of us are family.)
Could the day come... Could the day come when we become more than that? —But something like that...
Asuka: "...I couldn’t imagine it."
====================scr00310.kgo====================
About a week passes, when one day...
Asuka: "Surprise party?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, for Sakuya. The day after tomorrow is her birthday."
Miss Itsuki tells me this in hallway where I had run into her. I look at her blankly. For the past week, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki have seemed back to normal and yet somehow not normal in that their curtness towards each other seems to be continuing. "You don’t have to worry about us. —So don’t try to get involved."
Because of those words... I hadn’t been able to inquire much and it feels like it’s been a while since I last talked to Miss Itsuki. Although, actually, that shouldn’t be the case.
Asuka: "Umm... So you made up with her?"
Itsuki: "The point of the celebration is to do just that. Help me out, Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "...A birthday celebration surprise party?"
Itsuki: "Exactly. I’m sure you’re not exactly a fan of the strained tension within our group."
Asuka: "Well, that’s true, but... why does it have to be a surprise? Why not just put it out there—?"
Itsuki: "No, if we attack from the front she’ll prepare herself for it. We need to launch a surprise attack and rush our way right into the inner castle. That will be the most effective."
Asuka: "...I’m not too sure about that."
I’m remain unconvinced.
Asuka: "But, if it’s to make up with her, wouldn’t be better if you did it on your own?"
For something as intimate as that, I’d assume I would just be a third wheel and end up getting in the way—
Itsuki: "If I could I would."
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "I’ve played too many pranks and surprises on her that she’ll figure it out if I do it on my own."
Asuka: "Seriously, what on earth have you done until now?"
I say with an exasperated look on my face. I remember the cosplay incident.
Itsuki: "Haha. Well, I’ll tell you all about it one of these days. —Come on. I’m depending on you."
"I’m depending on you."
...I don’t think Miss Itsuki has ever said that to me before.
Asuka: "W-well... fine... but, what do you want me to do?"
Itsuki: "It’s simple. I’ll prepare the goods."
Itsuki: "On the day, I’ll pretend like I’ve forgotten it’s the Princess’s birthday—"
Itsuki: "When the designated time arrives, you rush into the room, Dummy Girl, carrying the goods."
Itsuki: "I’ll leave the door unlocked."
Asuka: ".........That’s a pretty big responsibility."
Itsuki: "Well, that’s why I’m relying on you, Dummy Girl, and not someone else."
Asuka: "Ohh... A-alright, I’ll do it."
If this will mean the two of them will be able to make up, then I have no qualms about helping out.
Itsuki: "Alright, we’ll discuss the details later—"
On the night of her birthday... According to the weather report, it’s due to rain at night. 30 minutes before Miss Sakuya’s birthday surprise—
Asuka: "Why... do I have to do this?"
Nao: "S-s-sis—!"
Asuka: "How did things end up like this!!!"
Nao: "Sis, you’re adorable!!!"
Nao’s is bursting with excitement. I am aghast.
Nao: "It’s the real thing! You’re so cute, sis! It matches you so well! Eeek!"
Nao dances circles around me, snapping pictures on her smartphone .
Asuka: "Ahhh..."
My face is bright red. How could it not be, after displaying myself in this embarrassing cosplay in our dorm room in front of my younger sister? — Wizard Nurse Prima .
Nao: "Sis, over here. Look over here! Alright, now give me some attitude!"
Asuka: "......"
Obediently, I make an awkward turn in Nao’s direction. How did things end up like this? How else, but through the machinations of that Miss Fancy-Glasses. Apparently, this is also one element in the events to surprise Miss Sakuya.
Asuka: (Why... why couldn’t I just turn her down!?)
The Answer: Because this is Miss Itsuki we’re talking about. And I couldn’t ask Nao to get me out of this either....Besides, as you can see, she’s over the moon about this. In fact, I’m guessing she’d gladly side with Miss Itsuki... Dressed like this, I am to bring the birthday cake that Miss Itsuki has prepared to their room.
Asuka: "What should I say if someone sees me in the hallway...?"
Nao: "Sis, sis, do you have a signature pose? If you do, I want to see it!"
Asuka: "L-leave me alone, Nao... and, no, I don’t."
Nao: "Huh... that’s too bad. Oh, well, what about a pose you do when you attack? Like an Ultimate Killer Technique pose."
Asuka: "Well... I-I do..."
Nao: "Go on then!"
Nao readies her smartphone in her hand. She reminds me of Ms. Hiromi Sano.
Asuka: (Does cosplay really make people this excited...?)
Knowing there’s no way I can resist Nao in her current state of excitement, I resign myself to my fate.
Asuka: "Dri..."
Seriously, this is so embarrassing!
Asuka: "Drilling Healing Punch!"
I thrust one of my arms high in the air and pose.
Nao: "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!!!"
Asuka: "Nao, that’s a lot of E’s."
Nao: "...Sis, I have one favor I want to ask you."
Asuka: "I have nothing but a bad feeling about this, but what is it?"
Nao: "Tonight... dressed like that, please sleep with me together in my bed."
Asuka: "Get real, little sister. The answer is no."
Nao: "Aww, but I’m sure it would give me good dreams..."
Nao seems genuinely disappointed. My little sister... who do you think I am?
Asuka: "U-um... I need to go soon. It’s almost time."
I cast a glance towards the clock to make sure.
Nao: "Oh, alright. Then I’ll take the boxed cake out of the refrigerator."
Nao quickly returns to her ‘reliable younger sister’ mode and goes into the kitchen. I take the fancy cake box that she hands to me and head to our door. Nao sends me off with a beaming smile. I’ll go quickly and then quickly come back....Then I’ll quickly change out of this.
Asuka: (Anyway, the main purpose of this is for the two of them to make up. I’ll just get in the way—)
Staying in this outfit for too long somehow seems dangerous for various reasons. My own mental state...  being one of them.
Asuka: "Alright, see you, Nao..."
Nao: "Alright. See you, sis!"
Asuka: "I-I’m off."
I open the door and head into the hallway.
Asuka: (Please, God, don’t let anyone see me—)
Kaede: "Miss Osachi...?"
I run into Ms. Ohara.
Asuka: (— —Huh?)
For a moment, I can’t think properly.
Asuka: "Huh... um, Ms. Ohara...? Why?"
Why is Ms. Ohara here?
Kaede: "I had a meeting with Hakuran Dormitory ’s matron... I just finished."
Ms. Ohara stares as she looks me up and down, from the top of my head all the way down to my toes.
Kaede: "Asuka, that outfit..."
Huh!?
Asuka: "Oh, uh-uhhhhh! W-w-well, this is...!"
Kaede: "......Th-that’s a lovely pair of pajamas. You look very cute. I’ll be going now then."
With my words still caught in my throat, Ms. Ohara scurries off.
Asuka: (W-w-w-wait! Ms. Ohara, there’s been a misunderstanding!)
Try as I might to excuse myself, the words do not come out, and all I manage to do is open and close my mouth like a fish. Then I hear Ms. Ohara whispering quietly.
Kaede: "...Be tolerant of your students’ tastes and hobbies as much as possible. Yes."
During the time I remain in a daze, Ms. Ohara disappears from sight.
Asuka: "It’s over..."
I’m crestfallen. But there’s no time to be wallowing in self-pity....I need to go to their room.
Asuka: "...Oh, well."
I mutter, sulkily contemplating that the damage has already been done. I head towards the stairs. When I reach them, I realize—
Asuka: "Oh, it’s raining."
The rain is pouring outside.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara didn’t seem to have an umbrella with her. I wonder if she’s alright..."
I’m worried... yet I have no time to chase after her. I’ll be late. I arrive in front of their room and gently place my hand on the doorknob. My heart is pounding in my chest.
Asuka: (What was I supposed to say again—"I, Wizard Nurse Prima , have arrived to make a diagnosis and to heal the bond between the two of you!")
I go over the script in my head again that we had decided on. This is embarrassing. It’s embarrassing, but it’s too late to back down now. I just have to do it. I gently, gently... turn the doorknob. The door isn’t locked. I slowly open the door.
Asuka: (— — —Oh?)
I can tell immediately that there is an odd tension in the air. The two of them are talking in low voices.
Sakuya: "Itsuki, you’re still gonna say that? It’s outrageous."
Itsuki: "Yeah, I’ll keep saying it. As many times as I can. I’m sorry, but I’m dead serious."
I open the door all the way and timidly step inside. The two show no sign of having noticed me. They stand in the middle of the room facing each other.
Sakuya: "...I see. Alright, then you know what I’ll do next."
Miss Sakuya’s voice.
Itsuki: "Yeah."
Even as Miss Itsuki speaks, Miss Sakuya raises her hand. —Slap! A sharp sound rings throughout the room, as Miss Sakuya slaps Miss Itsuki on the cheek. I’m stunned.
Asuka: (Huh— —?)
A combination of shock and confusion fills my head and courses through me, leaving me unable to move. I don’t understand what’s going on.
Sakuya: "Your words... They’re a betrayal."
Itsuki: "Perhaps."
Sakuya: "If you won’t take it back, I’ll hit you as many times as it takes."
Itsuki: "Do what you like. You know what? Being slapped by you is like a reward, Princess."
Sakuya: "—"
Slap! Miss Sakuya slaps her again.
Asuka: "...!"
My body trembles, causing the cake box I’m holding to fall from my grasp. There is a nasty squishing sound.
Asuka: (Oh, no—)
Hearing this, Miss Sakuya notices me and looks in my direction.
Sakuya: "Asuka—?"
Her eyes are round with surprise, but she quickly returns her gaze to Miss Itsuki. Miss Itsuki doesn’t even glance towards me. Maybe she had known I was here.
Sakuya: "You’re horrible. —Leave."
She sounds calm, yet unyielding. Those words were not directed towards me.
Itsuki: "Alright."
Miss Itsuki also answers indifferently and turns towards the doorway... where I am standing.
Asuka: "Miss Itsu—"
Itsuki: "—"
Ignoring me, she walks past. Then, without turning around, still facing the door, Miss Itsuki says.
Itsuki: "I love you, Sakuya."
Sakuya: "—I love you too."
Miss Sakuya also does not look towards Miss Itsuki. She says the words facing side-on to me. Behind me, I hear the sound of the door opening and then closing. My head is still filled with confusion. My shock has abated, leaving only the confusion....I don’t understand what’s going on.
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya—"
I call out to her, but Miss Sakuya does not respond. I— Stay in the room Go after Itsuki Miss Sakuya, standing in the middle of the room. She wears her usual expression, but somehow she seems to be... in deep pain. I cannot seem to move.
Sakuya: "—Asuka."
Asuka: "Y-yes."
Sakuya: "Why are you dressed like that?"
She says, seeing me in my cosplay outfit.
Asuka: "Um... w-well."
Sakuya: "It was Itsuki, wasn’t it."
Asuka: "...Yes. I was helping her make up with you, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "I see."
Miss Sakuya’s eyes turn towards the crumbled cake box at my feet.
Sakuya: "Itsuki and I—we’ve supported each other."
Asuka: "Y-yes."
Sakuya: "Perhaps you could call it a ‘contract’ of sorts."
Asuka: "A contract—?"
Sakuya: "Asuka, go after Itsuki."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Miss Sakuya’s tone suddenly changes and it’s all I can do keep up.
Sakuya: "I mean, she left without taking an umbrella. I can’t leave her like that."
Asuka: "Oh, right—"
Sakuya: "I’m sorry. I don’t think I can move for a while—"
Sakuya: "I’ll clean up that cake on the floor."
Sakuya: "—Please go."
There is a sadness in her voice that causes my chest to tighten.
Asuka: "A-alright, I will."
Nodding, I run out of the room. Behind me, I hear a small whisper.
Sakuya: "—Thank you."
Miss Sakuya’s voice, nearly on the verge of tears, reaches me.
Asuka: "—!"
I am worried about Miss Sakuya too, but... When Miss Itsuki had walked past me, the lack of expression on her face left me clueless as to what she was thinking. This had bothered me... and now, worried, I chase after her. The rain has begun to fall harder.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki!"
Miss Itsuki has just begun walking away from the dorm, without an umbrella, in the rain.
Asuka: (The bike parking lot...?)
"Leave"... Miss Sakuya had told her.
Itsuki: "Hm? Oh, Dummy Girl. Howdy."
Asuka: "Don’t howdy me... You didn’t even take an umbrella with you."
Itsuki: "Do I look sexy drenched out here in the rain?"
Asuka: "That’s not what I’m talking about."
Itsuki: "You don’t have an umbrella either."
Asuka: "I-I... That’s because I came chasing after you in a hurry—"
Itsuki: "I feel good like this. Gotta cool down my burning cheek."
Miss Sakuya presses her slapped cheek with one hand and laughs.
Asuka: "What happened?"
Itsuki: "What do you mean what happened?"
Asuka: "I mean—"
Miss Itsuki appears to be her usual nonchalant self. Is she trying to evade my question? ...Well, I won’t let her.
Asuka: "Why did Miss Sakuya slap you and tell you to leave?"
What had happened between the two of them?
Itsuki: "It’s hard for Sakuya to go home, so I knew from the start that if anyone were to leave it’d be me."
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Itsuki: "So, it’s fine like this. A perfect outcome."
Itsuki: "Well, it’s a little far to attend school every day from my house, but I do have my bike."
Itsuki: "...You know what?"
Miss Itsuki suddenly changes her tone.
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "Actually, the Prima costume looked out of place in the dorm. It’s silly."
Asuka: "And who’s the one that made me wear it—!?"
I involuntarily raise my voice.
Asuka: (Even Ms. Ohara saw me in it...)
Asuka: (Ah, no, no, I won’t let her evade my questions.)
My shoulders shake as I take deep breaths.
Asuka: "...Don’t try to change the subject. What happened between the two of you?"
Itsuki: "Damn it, stay distracted."
Miss Itsuki clicks her tongue with obvious annoyance....I may belong to the Jellyfish Club, but I’m not that easily manipulated.
Asuka: "I helped you, at your request, with your plan to make up with Miss Sakuya, so I have the right to know."
Itsuki: "Insisting upon your rights, now, huh? Impressive."
Asuka: "...Hm."
I gaze long and hard at Miss Itsuki. I doubt I have Miss Sakuya’s impact, but I glare at her with all my might. But far from feeling pressured, Miss Itsuki laughs with amusement.
Itsuki: "What a silly face."
Asuka: "Argh! (Rage.)"
Itsuki: "...Alright, alright. I’ll tell you."
Asuka: "Hm. (I nod.)"
Itsuki: "I told you before that Sakuya had someone she used to love."
Asuka: "—Oh, that time we went to Comima ?"
Itsuki: "Yeah."
Miss Itsuki’s words remind me. It had been on our way back from Comic March . "The person Miss Sakuya loved..."
"Selfish, violent, and with a terrible personality... The most annoying damn girl there ever was."
Asuka: "...The most annoying damn girl."
Itsuki: "I told her to go back to her. Well, she said she had no interest in doing that."
Asuka: "Huhhh!?"
Itsuki: "You got a real bargain here with me telling you this much. —See you then."
Miss Itsuki turns around and dashes off into the rain, giving me no chance to stop her.
Asuka: "Huh, oh—Miss Itsuki?"
I stand there in a daze. My Prima costume is completely crumpled and drenched, with the rain even soaking into my underwear beneath... I stand there until a worried Nao comes out to look for me.
Nao: "Sis? —What are you doing!?"
====================scr00311.kgo====================
...And, just like I was always warned, I caught a cold. The next morning my temperature is 37.2 degrees.
Asuka: "(Cough, cough.) I’m sorry to be a burden to you, Nao."
Nao: "Don’t mention it, sis. It’s times like this that my services as your miracle drug are required."
Asuka: "You are a good girl..."
I’m completely in old woman mode.
Nao: "Today, try not think of anything and rest. Leave school to me."
Asuka: "Okay, thanks..."
Nao: "Alright, I’m off to school then."
Nao: "Take your medicine, drinks lots of water, and if you sweat make sure to change. I’ll come back to check on you once at lunch."
Asuka: "Don’t push yourself. It’s just a cold."
Nao: "No, I’m worried. See you then."
Nao shuts down my weak protests and leaves.
Asuka: "...(Sigh.)"
Left alone in our room, I let out a sigh.
Asuka: "I thought idiots don’t catch colds... How disappointing."
I mutter from inside my blankets.  The room is quiet. Now that I think about it, it’s extremely rare for me to be alone in our room without Nao here. Silence.
Asuka: "Oh, medicine, medicine..."
—And so, I end up thinking about unnecessary things. Like about Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki.
Asuka: "I wonder what’ll happen to the two of them..."
Well-bred girls, distinguished, and beautiful— And lovers. Even now, remembering that kiss between them makes me blush. "I was the one that started developing feelings for her."
"Anyway, Sakuya—she had someone she used to love. No wonder she turned me down."
"Oh! I see."
"But, she’s gotten over it and now she tells me that she has feelings for me."
Asuka: "The person Miss Sakuya loved..."
"Selfish, violent, and with a terrible personality... The most annoying damn girl there ever was."
"I told her to go back to her. Well, she said she had no interest in doing that."
Asuka: "...Why would Miss Itsuki say something like that?"
"...I see. Alright, then you know what I’ll do next."
"I love you, Sakuya."
"—I love you too."
Both of them had sounded earnest. At least to my ears....That’s why it makes it all the more bizarre.
Asuka: "Ack, no, my head’s starting to spin..."
It’s my own fault for overthinking things. I’m no good at working difficult problems out. My consciousness is slowly sucked into sleepiness. I close my eyes and my vision darkens. I fall asleep. Just before I do, behind the darkness of my eyelids, I seem to catch a glimpse of a small star. A far, somehow nostalgic, tiny light. "Your mouth is hanging open. What a stupid-looking face."
I remember the first time I met the two of them..............................................
Asuka: "...Zzz... zzz..."
—Click. I hear the sound of the door opening. My senses vaguely return to me. The sound of footsteps entering the room.
Nao: "Sis, are you awake?"
Asuka: "...I’m awake. (Yawn.)"
Nao: "Oh, did I wake you up? I’m sorry."
Asuka: "No, it’s fine."
I sit up and look at the clock.
Nao: "How’re you feeling?"
Nao asks me. Perhaps due to having spent most of the morning deep in sleep, I feel a lot better.
Asuka: "Yeah, I’m basically better now."
Nao: "Really?"
Nao touches my forehead.
Nao: "Oh, it looks like your fever is gone. I’m glad."
Asuka: "Right?"
Nao: "Are you hungry? If you have an appetite, I’ll prepare lunch."
In response to Nao’s words, my stomach growls.
Asuka: "I’m hungry. I wanna eat pork cutlets on rice."
Nao: "Ahaha. I’m glad you have an appetite, but that’s probably a little too heavy."
Nao: "Once you get better I’ll make it for you."
Asuka: "Yay!"
Nao: "Hmm... what should I make? I can’t spend too much time on it—"
Nao racks her brain.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao."
Nao: "??? What is it, sis?"
Asuka: "How did Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki seem today?"
I had given Nao a simple explanation of what had happened yesterday. How the make-up party plan had ended in failure....I hadn’t told her about what Miss Itsuki had said to Miss Sakuya as I didn’t know if it was my place to tell.
Nao: "Hmm..."
Nao says with a contemplative look on her face.
Nao: "I guess they were normal. They hardly talked, but they’ve been that way recently."
Asuka: "I see."
Nao: "I understand you’re worried about them, sis, but right now you need to focus on getting better."
Asuka: "...Yeah, you’re right."
I give her a nod.
Nao: "Alright, I have to get back before lunch break finishes, so I’ll quickly cook now."
Asuka: "Thank you, Nao."
Nao: "Not at all. I’ll use the leftover rice to make porridge. Let me see, where’s the milk..."
Nao enters the kitchen. And then, she says to me from the kitchen.
Nao: "Oh, that’s right, sis."
Asuka: "Yeah?"
Nao: "After school, Miss Sakuya said she wants to come visit."
Asuka: "...Alright."
—But what should I talk to her about? Then, around the time that school finishes— From the afternoon, feeling much better, I had been left with time to kill. So—still in my bed.
Asuka: "For the final part of today’s program we bring to you a game of ‘one sentence photo description.’ ...Hmm, let me see."
Asuka: "‘My hobby is volunteer work.’ ...Heheh....Hmm, let me see what else."
I gaze at my rare photo of Nao.
Asuka: "Alright. ‘Huh, these are the only clothes I have for going out!’ ...Nah, that one kinda sucks..."
Just then, I hear the sound of the door clicking open.
Nao: "I’m home."
It’s Nao’s voice.
Asuka: "Whoa, oops."
In my surprise, I drop my smartphone on the floor. I hear the sound of Nao’s footsteps as she enters the room.
Nao: "Sis, how are you—"
Entering the room, Nao’s eyes fall on the smartphone lying on the floor.
Nao: "Hm? —Ohh!"
Picking up the smartphone , she examines the screen.......Silence. This isn’t good.
Nao: "...Sis, what were you doing?"
Asuka: "U-um, well I wasn’t tired anymore and I was bored, so... I was just playing a game."
Nao: "........."
I can feel Nao’s wrath building like a storm.
Asuka: "I-I’m sorry!"
Nao: "Seriously, I rushed home because I was worried about you! What are you doing, sis!?"
Asuka: "I’m sorry. It happened in a moment of weakness..."
I cower in fear.
Sakuya: "Nao, can I come in?"
Nao: "Oh! ...Yes, please."
Sakuya: "Sorry to interrupt. I could hear your voices from the hallway. What’s going on?"
Asuka: "Nothing... Just me misbehaving."
Nao: "Seriously... I’ll go make some tea. Miss Sakuya, make yourself at home."
Sakuya: "Thank you, Nao."
Nao walks into the kitchen.
Nao: "I heard from Nao. —Did you catch it last night in the rain?"
Asuka: "Oh... yeah."
Sakuya: "It’s Itsuki’s and my fault. I’m sorry. Allow me to apologize for both of us."
Asuka: "Don’t worry, it’s not a big deal. I’m all better now."
Sakuya: "Really? That’s good to know..."
Sakuya: "I’ll also help out in making sure you get up to speed in whatever studies you missed today."
Asuka: "N-no, thank you. I have lovely Nao to help me with that!"
Seeing my desperation, Miss Sakuya gives me an exasperated look.
Sakuya: "Honestly."
Miss Sakuya appears to be her usual self. She shows no sign of being worried over what happened with Miss Itsuki. So—I feel an urge to ask her.
Asuka: "Um, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Regarding Itsuki, there’s no need for you to worry about it."
Asuka: "—Oh."
And just like that, she shuts me down.
Sakuya: "Asuka, you should concentrate on getting better quickly."
Asuka: "...You’re saying the same thing as Nao."
Sakuya: "Of course. Today, we were supposed to discuss what we’re going to do for the school festival ."
Asuka: "I’m against the study presentation idea."
Sakuya: "I thought you wanted to become a respectable nurse ?"
Asuka: "I do... but."
—I’m also doing it for Yuki who said, "I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse ."
Asuka: "I’ll study when I need to study and play when I can play—"
Sakuya: "...And yet, every morning, Nao is the one that wakes you up."
Asuka: "I-I-I-I think that’s unrelated...! >_<"
Her words stab into my heart.
Sakuya: "If you have any protests, then get rid of your cold by tomorrow and come to school."
Sakuya: "Or else we’ll take your absence as an abstention and decide without you."
Asuka: "I will most definitely go."
Hearing my determination, Miss Sakuya replies—
Sakuya: "From the look of it, I’m sure you will."
For the first time, she laughs a little. Then.
Sakuya: "Nao, I’m sorry, but I’ll pass on the tea. I’ll be going now."
Nao: "Oh, really?"
Sakuya: "Yes, now that I’ve seen she’s doing well."
Saying this, Miss Sakuya turns towards the door.
Sakuya: "Asuka, yesterday, did Itsuki tell you?"
Asuka: "Um—"
Miss Sakuya must be talking about the reason behind their fight. Miss Itsuki’s words. "I told her to go back to her. Well, she said she had no interest in doing that."
Asuka: "Yeah...Just a little."
Sakuya: "I see."
Asuka: "Um... you two are gonna make up, right?"
Sakuya: "We will. This is nothing compared to the conflicts we’ve had in the past."
Asuka: (Well, they do have a history of assault and stabbing.)
I am partly convinced. Miss Sakuya turns towards me and laughs thinly.
Sakuya: "—Yes. Regardless of how she comes across, Itsuki can really be like a rodent."
Asuka: "A-a rodent...?"
I’m impressed that she could actually call Miss Itsuki something like that. I guess that’s what comes with unshakable confidence. A shiver runs down my spine. Miss Sakuya’s hair blows softly as she turns her back to me.
Sakuya: "Well, I’ll see you tomorrow."
She says this elegantly and leaves. Then, as if to trade places...
Nao: "Sis?"
Nao returns carrying a tray of teacups.
Nao: "...So, Miss Sakuya left already."
Asuka: "Yeah."
I gaze at the door which Miss Sakuya has just gone through. In my mind, I repeat her words. "Regardless of how she comes across, Itsuki can really be like a rodent."
When I think of rodents I think of animals like squirrels and hamsters. I doubt Miss Itsuki is quite so... harmless.
Asuka: (But maybe Miss Sakuya sees her that way?)
Asuka: "......I have no clue."
I scratch my head. Nao looks at me blankly. The time from then until the school festival is a blur....After all, we have classes and homework as well. Miss Itsuki hasn’t returned to the dorm after leaving and commutes to school from her home. However, the two slowly seem to be returning to how they were together before.
====================scr00312.kgo====================
Then, on the day of the annual school festival .
Asuka & Nao: "Welcome, dearest patient !"
‘Korotkoff: the Mini-Angel Cafe’ This is the attraction that our group had ultimately decided on. The name had come from Machi and Michi. The ‘Mini-Angels’ in question are... um, us nursing students .
Asuka: (...Yeah, this is pretty embarrassing, actually.)
By the way, we have had new training uniforms prepared especially for today. Mostly for sanitary reasons.
Nao: "Please, take a seat. Here is the menu."
Nao is in charge of customer service with me... She hands a menu to the customer, who is probably the parent of one of the students at the academy.
Customer: "Let me see. Alright, can I have a blend coffee?"
Nao: "Understood. —Sis."
Asuka: "Okay, understood! Can you please hold out your arm?"
Customer: "...My arm?"
Asuka: "Yes."
Let me repeat myself, the Mini-Angels are us nursing students .
Customer: "???"
With a surprised look on her face, the customer holds out her arm.
Asuka: "Allow me to roll up your sleeve. Okay. Now, excuse me..."
The customer stares at me blankly as I cheerfully retrieve my measuring equipment and apply it. I wrap the cuff around her upper-arm, place my stethoscope in and begin to pump in air. The customer seems to realize what is going on, but still there is a questioning look on her face...
Asuka: "Hmmm..."
I listen carefully to the sound coming from my stethoscope. I can hear the thud, thud, thud of the Korotkoff sounds . The ‘ Korotkoff sounds ’ are blood flow sounds you can hear when applying pressure to the blood vessels. Our cafe name ‘Korotkoff’ was taken from there. After the blood pressure cuff squeezes tightly, it slowly begins to loosen. When you first start hearing the Korotkoff sounds , that is the systolic blood pressure. When the pressure loosens enough to the point that the sounds disappear, that’s the diastolic blood pressure. This is where the acronyms ‘SBP’ and ‘DBP’ that one commonly hears when taking a blood pressure measurement come from.
Nao: "How is it, sis?"
Asuka: "Yes, levels are normal."
Asuka: "—Your blood pressure levels are normal so I’ll bring sugar and milk along with your coffee. Please use them freely."
Hearing my words, the customer finally seems to understand.
Customer: "I see... And what if my blood pressure was high—?"
Sakuya: "Your SBP is 170 and your DBP is 100. Your blood pressure is fairly high."
Sakuya: "You’ll have to drink your coffee black and the size of your cake will be one third the regular size."
Customer: "Hey, that’s not fair!"
The voice is coming from the table Miss Sakuya is attending.
Sakuya: "It’s for your own health. You must take care of your body."
Asuka: "...You would’ve ended up like that."
Customer: "Hehe. Very suitable for a nursing academy . How entertaining."
Asuka: "Thank you."
Nao: "Well then, we’ll bring your order. Please wait a little longer."
Itsuki: "Apologies for keeping you waiting. Here are your two cafe au laits and pancakes. —Please enjoy."
Customer: "Eeek, how wonderful!"
Happy voices can be heard from the table that Miss Itsuki is attending to.
Customer: "Um... they have a service here where you can be spoon fed?"
The customer says looking at the menu. They must be talking about the eating assist service (a perfectly respectable role of nursing) written in the menu. Yes, that is one of the nursing techniques. However...
Itsuki: "Well, of course, my lady. Would you like to request it?"
No, no. The patient is definitely not supposed to be referred to as ‘my lady.’ That screws up the whole dynamic.
Customer: "P-p-please!"
Customer: "Wow, me too, me too! Ohh, I’d love to be hospitalized if someone like you were working there..."
Just at the table that Miss Itsuki is handling, there is an odd vibe in the air. —Well, I guess it’s fine.
Machi & Michi: "Looks like the cafe is a success!"
Asuka: "Yes, yes. This is all thanks to your idea, Machi and Michi."
Machi & Michi: "Hehe."
Mini angels— A cafe that pushes the fact we’re nursing students to the forefront. Miss Sakuya, who thought we should do a study presentation, and I, who wanted to open a cafe, went up against each other— In our meeting for the school festival , our group had reached an impasse when Machi and Michi made a suggestion.
Machi & Michi: "Alright, then let’s put them together."
A cafe where the customers can experience nursing techniques as well. A two-in-one, multi-beneficial idea. I was truly amazed.
Nao: "So you mean... a nurse cafe."
Itsuki: "Just the name makes it sound a little erotic. Sounds like a real moneymaker."
Sakuya: "Silence, Itsuki. What do you mean exactly?"
Itsuki: "We can take the customers’ blood pressure and those with high blood pressure we provide a sugar-free menu."
Asuka: "Oh, that sounds fun. Let’s do it! Miss Sakuya, would that satisfy you?"
All eyes turned to Miss Sakuya, who seemed adamant about a study presentation. And then.
Sakuya: "......Mmm..."
Miss Sakuya gave a short grumble of consent.......And so things have led up to where they are now.
Nao: "Sis, there’s a new customer."
Asuka: "Hello! Welcome, dear patient ."
Sakuya: "Asuka, take her to bed number three."
It had been my idea to call the customers ‘ patients ’ and to call the tables ‘beds.’ At first Miss Sakuya had knitted her brows and had said that I was "turning this into a joke."
But I’m glad to see that now she seems to be on board and enjoying herself.
Itsuki: "Alright, now say ‘ahh’ and open your mouth wide. —Here you go."
Customer: "Ahh. Oh... this is bliss..."
Itsuki: "Heh. If you’re interested, there are hidden services that aren’t written on the menu."
Customer: "H-hidden services?"
Itsuki: "Yes, I handle them independently. They are slightly naughty in nature—"
Sakuya: "Itsuki. I’ll have you arrested for breaking Entertainment Establishment Control Laws."
Itsuki: "Whoops. Haha. I’d prefer not to be arrested. So the offer is off the table now."
Customer: "Awww..."
Miss Itsuki seems on board as well....In not such a good way. No, definitely not a good way.
Sakuya: "Take this seriously, Itsuki. This isn’t play."
Itsuki: "Yes, Princess. Your word is my command."
Sakuya: "I told you not to call me ‘Princess’ at school—"
The two seem to have reverted to their usual selves... Great.
Asuka: (Hehehe. Not that I had anything to do with it!) And so, in this manner, we manage to get through the annual school festival .
====================scr00313.kgo====================
Asuka: "—Oomph."
I open the somewhat heavy door and step out onto the roof. There appears to be no one up here. Within the school building, students are busy cleaning up after the displays and attractions. It’s loud enough for me to hear them from here.
Asuka: "So, Miss Sakuya isn’t here yet."
From my training uniform pocket I pull out the folded note. ‘After you finish, come up to the roof alone. —Sakuya’ It appears to be a quickly scribbled note, but still her handwriting is beautiful. I can’t help myself from staring at it. She had handed me the note while we were running the Mini-Angel Cafe.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
I stare at the note.
Asuka: ".........I-I wonder if I’m gonna get in trouble."
Miss Sakuya + calling me out = a lecture. That is the most realistic image that comes to my mind.......O-oh well. —Just then.
Asuka: "Oh!"
A gust of wind snatches the note from out of my hand.
Asuka: "O-o-oh... wait!"
The note dances high, high up into the air. Carried away by the wind, it grows smaller and smaller. Evening stretches across the sky. The wind brushing against my cheek is soothing and the white note floating up into the vermilion sky is somehow beautiful. Like a painting—
Asuka: "Earth to Asuka!"
Asuka: (She’ll be upset... I think...)
If I told her that I had lost her note to the wind.
Asuka: (.........Until she asks me, I won’t say anything. Yes.)
Asuka: "Yes, yes."
I nod my head over and over as if to cheer myself up. Just then—
Sakuya: "—Asuka?"
Accompanying the sound of the door opening behind me, I hear Miss Sakuya’s voice.
Asuka: "Eeek!"
Sakuya: "......What’s got you surprised?"
Asuka: "Oh, n-nothing."
As I nearly leap in surprise, Miss Sakuya looks at me with exasperation.
Sakuya: "So you came first. I’m sorry to keep you waiting."
Asuka: "No, that’s fine."
After our Mini-Angel Cafe had closed, I had realized there was no sign of Miss Sakuya. I had thought she had gone up to the roof first.
Sakuya: "Well done, today, Asuka."
Miss Sakuya says this appreciatively as she walks over to me.
Asuka: "Yeah, you too, Miss Sakuya. I’m glad that the Mini-Angel Cafe was a success."
Sakuya: "Yes, I was worried how our attraction would turn out."
Miss Sakuya stands next to me and gazes up at the evening sky. The gentle wind sways Miss Sakuya’s hair. I look at her in profile. As if I am being sucked into her.
Asuka: (Oh, she really is—)
Sakuya: "Beautiful."
Asuka: "—Yes, very beautiful."
Sakuya: "I’m talking about the evening sky. Why are you looking at me and saying it?"
Asuka: "Oh, ummm, well."
I shuffle about nervously.
Sakuya: "Hehe."
Miss Sakuya lets out a small laugh and says nothing further. She continues to look up at the evening sky.
Sakuya: "— — —"
Asuka: "Uh..."
I cannot seem to find the right words to say to the silent Miss Sakuya....But.
Asuka: (I wonder why she called me here.)
Although I feel it slightly risky to be the one to bring up the note, I decide to ask.
Asuka: "Um, that note you gave me. It was because you wanted to talk about something... right?"
Sakuya: "Yes, that’s true."
Asuka: "........."
Miss Sakuya nods, but does not say anything further. Huhh...
Asuka: (M-my words seem to catch in my throat...!)
Asuka: "...U-umm, it looks like you and Miss Itsuki... were able to make up."
Asuka: "I mean, today, you two seemed to be talking normally."
Maybe she would tell me I was right and not to worry about them anymore. For the first time I consider that might be why she called me here... It would be nice if that was the case. I think this to myself.
Sakuya: "You’re right. On Itsuki’s part—"
As Miss Sakuya continues to gaze up at the evening sky, she pauses for a moment. Then her mouth moves delicately.
Sakuya: "Oh."
Asuka: "I-I-I’m sorry!"
For some reason, I apologize.
Sakuya: "Why are you apologizing? There, look, Asuka—a star."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "There, in the evening sky. It’s small, but I can already see a star. It’s the first star of the evening."
In response to Miss Sakuya’s words, I look up into the evening sky. I search. And there it is. A small dot. A tiny, tiny dot of light. The light of a star.
Asuka: "You’re right."
So they’re visible even at this time of day. Feeling a sense of happiness, my voice is cheerful.
Sakuya: "Asuka—"
Miss Sakuya’s voice seems to tickle my ears. I turn towards her.
Asuka: "You know, maybe it’s a sign of good lu..."
That moment, my world stops. Frozen within the gentle sensation of the breeze.
Sakuya: "— — —"
Asuka: ".........Huh?"
I can’t seem to comprehend what is happening. Thoughts of the evening sky, of the fact that I’m on the roof disappear from my mind. I am unable to think straight. Even my sense of my own body—my hands, my feet... they almost seem to have disappeared. And yet, the sensation of Miss Sakuya’s lips touching mine alone remains vivid. So vivid.
Asuka: (A kiss.)
—This is a kiss. With her lips covering mine, I cannot say her name aloud.
Asuka: (Miss... Sakuya?)
Asuka: "........."
I do not know how long it takes for her lips to separate from mine. After all, for me, time has stopped completely. —Miss Sakuya pulls away and gives me a faint smile that I cannot read.
Sakuya: "— — —I’ve given it back."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Miss Sakuya speaks, but I cannot seem to hear her words properly. Did she just say... "I’ve given it back"? What is that supposed to mean?
Asuka: "......Huh......?"
Sakuya: "I’ll see you then."
Miss Sakuya slides away from me and walks off. She heads towards the door. And re-enters the school building. I hear the sound of the door closing.
Asuka: (Huh.........?)
Left alone, I stand in a daze. My mouth moves jerkily. As if it doesn’t belong to me.
Asuka: "Was... that...?"
And finally, understanding dawns on me.
Asuka: (Did Miss Sakuya just kiss me?)
Asuka: "Huhhhhhhhhh—!?"
Boom! Blood rushes to my head. Even as I finally comprehend what happened, what she did to me, my heart cannot seem to catch up. It feels as if it will explode.
Asuka: "Wait, wait, wait. What? What!?"
Asuka: "Huh, why? Why did Miss Sakuya just kiss me?"
Asuka: "I mean, Miss Sakuya has a girlfriend called Miss Itsuki and—and even though they had a fight, the two of them care about each other deeply..."
"I love you, Sakuya."
"—I love you too."
Asuka: (What’s going on? What’s going on? What in the world is going on...!?)
Asuka: "I-it doesn’t make any sense!"
Clutching my head, I spin around in circles. My mind is spinning around in circles too. I abruptly stop my feet.
Asuka: "Calm down, me. Be cool. Be cool!"
Asuka: "M-maybe—I had some food from lunch left on my lips and Miss Sakuya was removing it for me..."
Asuka: "No, no. There’s no point in her using her lips for that. This isn’t a manga!"
Asuka: "B-b-b-but."
But, why then?
Asuka: (Why?)
A kiss.
Asuka: (Why would she kiss me— —?)
The image of Miss Sakuya’s face, so close to mine, is burned into my mind. My body remembers the sensation of her lips touching mine. And then I realize. I realize...  Something that I should not have realized.
Asuka: "Ohh, what should I do...? I’m a horrible person."
I mutter.
Asuka: (What should I do? I mean, Miss Sakuya has a—)
Has a girlfriend who isn’t me.
Asuka: (Why can’t I stop myself from being happy about what happened—?)
I am dumbfounded and amazed. (— — — —) I can’t seem to set my mind straight. (— — — —) I can’t even feel anything, not even the soothing evening wind. I can’t think.
Asuka: (...Miss Sakuya. Miss Sakuya—)
And so I do not realize it.
???: "— — —"
Right behind me I can hear somebody’s voice—no, I can hear their breathing.
Asuka: "...Huh?"
I turn around.
Asuka: "—Agh!?"
Asuka: "U-ugh... Huh......?"
I do not immediately realize what has just happened. A heavy, dull sound that seems to echo down to the core of my body. I can’t tell whether I’m hot or cold. It feels as if something hard and sharp has been forcefully wedged into my body. A shivering sensation. A chill.
Asuka: "Agah..."
Something is lodged inside my stomach. Surprisingly, there is no pain... just the feeling of the blood draining from my entire body and a sudden attack of sleepiness.
Asuka: (Oh, I’m gonna die.)
I think this unconsciously without fully grasping what is going on. My vision begins to rapidly darken.
Asuka: "Huh... wh... at...?"
I feel the strength suddenly leave my legs. Simultaneously, I feel something being pulled from my stomach. My vision grows darker and darker. The red stains grow deeper. Blood red. My body leans forward.
Asuka: (...Oh no, I’m going to hit my head—)
I think this, but I am unable to move my hands to block my fall. My body falls forward. There is no pain, just a nasty sensation in my stomach. Then there is the sensation of something slippery seeping out of me and spreading across the top of the roof.
Asuka: "Oh, oh, oh—..."
My stomach feels sick.
Asuka: (I think I’m gonna throw up...)
???: "— — —"
I can’t hear anything. Can’t feel anything but my consciousness ebbing away.
Asuka: "Oh— — —"
My mouth moves, but I have no idea what I am saying.
Asuka: (Ah......)
In the end.
Asuka: (I’m cold— —) I think to myself as the darkness swallows me....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
====================scr00314.kgo====================
Asuka: "—Wha— my stomach!?!?"
I blink, my body tense.
Asuka: ".........Huh?"
I’ve awoken inside my bed. My mind is hazy and my body feels heavy.
Asuka: "...Mmm. (Yawn.)"
I let out a single yawn. Then I sit up. The light of the room is off and it is dark, but the small beam of moonlight shining through the crack in the curtains tells me it’s night.
Asuka: "Nao?"
I call out, but there is no reply.
Asuka: "Mmm..."
I stumble my way out of bed and turn on the light.
Asuka: "Ahh..."
The light pierces my eyes. There is no sign of Nao. No sound coming from the kitchen either.
Asuka: "I wonder if Nao went out."
Even as I mutter this, I hear my stomach growling loudly.
Asuka: "...I’m really hungry."
Perhaps I’ve overslept or have been asleep for an extremely long time, but my head feels dizzy with hunger. I’m awake, but it is as if I’m still in a dream. Everything feels unsteady and somehow unreal. But, in any case, my hunger is real.
Asuka: "I wonder if there’s something in the fridge."
Just as I mutter to myself and head towards the kitchen... The door makes a clicking sound. And then.
Nao: "The light is on... Sis!?"
I hear Nao’s voice and then the sound of footsteps rushing in.
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Oh hey, Nao. —Were you at the convenience store?"
I say nonchalantly to Nao who is carrying a shopping bag in her hand. But my words do not seem to reach Nao and, for some reason, her eyes fill with tears as she drops the shopping bag on the floor and pounces on me.
Nao: "Oh, sis, I’m so glad! I thought you might never wake up!"
Asuka: "Wait, wait, hold on a second, Nao. What happened? Why are you—?"
Nao: "Because, because... I was so worried about you!"
Nao says as she clings onto me.
Asuka: (...Huh?)
Something worries me for a moment. I feel as if something is wrong.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao, why was I sleeping in my bed?"
What had I been doing before that?
Nao: "...Sis, you don’t remember?"
Asuka: "Remember what?"
Nao: "Sis, I found you collapsed on the roof of the school, and then—"
Asuka: (...Oh.)
I suddenly remember everything.
Asuka: "Ohhhhhhhhh, that’s right!"
Nao: "...? Sis?"
I cry out suddenly in a loud voice and Nao looks surprised. But I have more important things on my mind. Yes, that’s right, on the roof someone had stabbed me right in the stomach—
Asuka: "Wait, Nao, sorry, hold on a second."
Pulling the clinging Nao off of me, I pull up my pajamas. I check my stomach. I had thought I’d see a nasty scar or tightly wrapped bandages, but...
Asuka: "......It’s smooth? Huh, no way."
My stomach, which had been viciously stabbed, is as smooth as ever. There is no sign of a wound anywhere.
Asuka: "Huhhhhhhhhhh???"
My mind is in a state of complete panic.
Asuka: "Nao!"
Nao: "...Y-yes?"
This time, I’m the one to cling onto Nao.
Asuka: "You found me collapsed on the roof, right?"
Nao: "Y-yeah. There was no sign of you, so I went looking and I found you on the roof..."
Nao: "I spent so long looking, you know."
Asuka: "In a pool... of blood?"
Nao: "...Pool of blood? What are you talking about?"
Nao looks baffled.
Asuka: "Oh, you know—you found me collapsed in a pool of blood, right?"
Asuka: "Huh? No... you had collapsed... but I went to call Ms. Ohara and she examined you and said it was probably anemia..."
Asuka: "She said you were probably exhausted from the school festival ."
Asuka: "Anemia...?"
Nao: "Yes."
Asuka: "No pool of blood?"
Nao: "...No."
Asuka: "No pool of blood whatsoever?"
Nao: "No, no pool of blood whatsoever. What do you even mean by a pool of blood?"
Asuka: "Um, well, ah..."
Even to me it makes too little sense to explain. I gawp foolishly.
Nao: "I was told it was probably just anemia, but you didn’t wake up at all, so I started getting really worried."
Tears well up in Nao’s eyes again.
Asuka: "I’m sorry..."
Nao: "Hehe. But it’s okay, because you’re awake now."
Nao: "Are you alright? Do you hurt anywhere?"
Asuka: "No, I’m fine. I just seem to be hungry..."
As if on cue, my stomach grumbles again. Nao, with tears still in her eyes, laughs a little.
Nao: "I guess that make sense. You have been sleeping for an entire day. Right, I’ll make you something."
Asuka: "An entire day?"
Nao: "Yeah. The school festival was yesterday. It’s now the night of the day after."
Asuka: "...Whoa."
Nao: "You missed school, but since Ms. Ohara knows of your situation, I don’t think it’ll be a problem."
Nao: "Alright, hold on a second."
Nao heads into the kitchen. I remain standing alone in our room.
Asuka: "Ohh......... My stomach."
Once again, I pull up my pajamas to confirm. It remains as smooth as ever.
Asuka: "I’m fairly certain I got stabbed though..."
My memory seems foggy and all of it does seem vaguely like a dream. But. But the sensation of being stabbed by someone remains vividly clear and un-dreamlike. On the roof I had turned around and it had been as if someone had run into me, so I hadn’t been able to see the face of the person who had stabbed me. That part also seems dreamlike... Hmm. Well, in any case. For some reason my stomach is completely smooth... I guess I can’t complain about not being hurt.
Asuka: "......Hmm."
Nao: "Sis."
I hear Nao’s voice from the kitchen.
Nao: "By the way, why were you on the roof yesterday? It took a long time to find you there."
Asuka: "Um, well—"
I had forgotten due to everything else that had happened. What had happened on the roof. This should also be important enough for me not to forget. Miss Sakuya had kissed me—
Asuka: "Um, well, that is..."
Nao: "Like you went up to enjoy the evening air or something?"
Asuka: "No, well—"
What had that been? Why had Miss Sakuya kissed me? I wonder... had that been a dream too?
Asuka: (Oh, that totally makes a lot more sense!)
I mean, of course. When I think of it properly, all of it seems outrageous. It makes more sense as a dream.
Asuka: (But—)
But. I touch my lips gently. Although my memory may be foggy and my mind confused... My lips remember. The undeniably real sensation of them touching.
Asuka: (How happy I had felt—)
I feel a prickle of guilt.
Nao: "Sis?"
Nao’s questioning voice. I hastily shuffle about.
Asuka: "Oh, sorry. Yeah, I had been having a talk with Miss Sakuya."
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya left first, though—"
Nao: "I see... Miss Sakuya didn’t say anything about that."
Nao says with a hint of dissatisfaction.
Asuka: (U-ummmm... Organize. Let me organize my thoughts. Or else I’ll never make sense of this all.)
Let’s start off by assuming all of that wasn’t a dream. Event 1. First, Miss Sakuya calls me up to the roof. Event 2. We talk a little and then Miss Sakuya kisses me. (Eeek!) Event 3. Miss Sakuya goes back inside the school and I stand there in a daze. Event 4. Somebody comes up to me—and stabs me in the stomach....Having organized my thoughts...
Asuka: "...It sounds like a dream."
I can’t help but reach this conclusion. All that’s left to do is—
Asuka: "I think I’ll talk to Miss Sakuya about it."
The only person other than myself who would know about what happened on the roof is Miss Sakuya. Though she may not know anything about me being stabbed or not being stabbed.
Asuka: (...But, then again, maybe she does—)
Yes, that’s what I’ll do..........Mealtime......
Asuka: "That was great."
I stuffed my stomach full with the food that Nao had made.
Asuka: "(Burp.)"
Nao: "I get that you haven’t eaten for an entire day, but you stuffed yourself way too much. Are you alright?"
Asuka: "I’m fine, I’m fine. Nao."
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "I’m gonna go pay a visit to Miss Sakuya’s room."
In response to my words, Nao stares at me blankly. But, as I begin to stand up, she says quickly.
Nao: "Miss Sakuya isn’t in her room."
Asuka: "Huhh?"
Nao: "Her mother collapsed again, so she’s back at her home right now."
Nao: "I didn’t go to school either, but when I called Machi and Michi they told me. They said she was called out like last time during class."
Nao: "So she’s not in her room right now. This time it seems like it’ll be for two or three days."
Asuka: "Two or three days..."
I know it has nothing to do with what happened yesterday. But... So many things are happening at once, my mind feels as if it’ll explode. Alright, let me see, what should I do? I have no idea.
Asuka: (I could call Miss Sakuya... No, I shouldn’t. She’s probably got her hands full.)
Nao: "If it’s about Miss Sakuya, you could ask Miss Itsuki..."
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki?"
Nao: "According to Machi and Michi, she’s been in contact with Miss Sakuya even after she left."
Asuka: "I see—"
I’ll talk to Miss Itsuki. It does make sense. Although I’m not sure exactly how much she’ll tell me. No, actually, I’m not sure how much I should tell her—
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll do that. Tomorrow."
Nao: "Yeah, I think you should probably rest more today."
Asuka: "Oh, so I don’t have to study?"
Nao: "I’m not a monster, you know. But we do have to make up for lost time tomorrow. Okay?"
Asuka: "......I think I’m gonna have bad dreams tonight."
I say gloomily and Nao laughs a little.
Nao: "Alright, I’ll clear the dishes now. You can stay here, sis, and finish up your tea."
Saying this, Nao gets up. She efficiently stacks up the dishes and heads to the kitchen. I talk to her from behind.  Casually.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao."
Nao: "???"
Healing forehead. Healing hands . Magic charms. —Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam.—
Asuka: "Nao, do you suppose your magic charm would work on, say, a stab wound to the stomach?"
Nao: "Ahaha. What’re you talking about?"
Asuka: "Oh, well, I was just wondering..."
Nao: "Mmm..."
Nao contemplates this for a moment.
Nao: "If someone had the ability to heal that, they’d pretty much be a god."
A god. Someone who could heal any wound. I suppose a god could even bring the dead back to life. A god, is it? That’s probably true...
Nao: "—I’m no god."
====================scr00315.kgo====================
The next day.
Machi & Michi: "Good morning."
Asuka: "Good morning."
Nao: "Good morning, Machi and Michi."
Machi & Michi: "We were worried about you."
Asuka: "Ahaha. Sorry for worrying you. I’m fine now."
Nao: "Miss Itsuki isn’t here yet....Although, ever since she left the dorm, she’s always barely on time."
Asuka: "Yeah."
Ever since she fought with Miss Sakuya and left the dorm. Miss Itsuki, who commutes to school from her family’s house, barely makes it on time to school every morning, ...Well, if I didn’t have Nao, I’d probably be like that as well. Then, just as the morning bell rings and Ms. Ohara walks in—
Kaede: "Good morning, everyone."
Itsuki: "Whoa, close call. I made it."
Miss Itsuki makes her entrance by sliding in. Then, she quickly spots me.
Itsuki: "Oh, if it isn’t Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Good morning, Miss Itsuki."
Kaede: "Oh, Miss Asuka Osachi. Are you alright now?"
Asuka: "Yes, I slept a lot."
Kaede: "Hehe. Well, I’m glad to hear that. Please look after your health."
Itsuki: "Well, it would’ve made you look a lot cooler if your reason for collapsing had been too much studying."
Asuka: "Already you’re picking on me!"
Miss Fancy-Glasses is relentless. During our break between classes—
Itsuki: "Yeah, this time Sakuya’s mom’s condition is a little dangerous."
I listen to Miss Itsuki as we head from the training room back to our classroom. Nao, Machi and Michi are walking ahead of us.
Asuka: "I heard she’s taking two or three days off school..."
Itsuki: "Yeah, probably around that long if all goes well. That’s what she said on the phone yesterday."
Asuka: "I see."
Even as I respond to what she says, I steal a few glances at Miss Itsuki’s profile.
Asuka: (She doesn’t seem too worried... I think.)
I guess she isn’t the type of person to show it, even when she is worried.
Asuka: (I wonder if she knows about Miss Sakuya calling me up onto the roof.)
And that she—kissed me.
Asuka: "........."
Itsuki: "???"
I had been involuntarily staring at her and, noticing my gaze, Miss Itsuki turns towards me.
Itsuki: "What is it? Is there something on my face?"
Asuka: "Ah, no."
Itsuki: "Then what?"
My gaze follows Miss Itsuki’s moving lips. —Miss Itsuki’s lips that know Miss Sakuya’s lips. The two of them are lovers. "I love you Sakuya."
"—I love you too."
I decide that if anything had happened or had changed it had to be then.
Asuka: "...Miss Itsuki, there’s something I want to ask you about."
Itsuki: "Hmm—?"
I say this to Miss Itsuki in a hushed voice and she seems to understand.
Itsuki: "Alright. After school then. Just the two of us."
And, so, after school— There is a single problem on my mind.
Asuka: (...What should I tell Nao?)
I’ll be talking with Miss Itsuki alone. Why had the two fought, and why had Miss Sakuya kissed me...? It’s a mystery to me whether I’ll discover the answers through talking with Miss Itsuki, but I have to try.
Nao: "Sis."
As these thoughts course through my mind, Nao suddenly speaks to me from her seat next to mine.
Asuka: "Wh-what is it, Nao?"
Nao: "Something came up... Do you think you can go home on your own?"
Asuka: "Oh, I see."
Nao: "Yeah. Someone asked me for a favor..."
Although I’m not sure whether it’s one of the students or teachers, I’m impressed by how often Nao is relied upon.
Asuka: "Okay, gotcha."
Secretly, I feel relieved.
Asuka: (How dishonest of me—)
Nao: "I might be pretty late, so if that’s the case then eat dinner first without me."
Asuka: "Alright, I’ll handle it."
Nao: "Sorry. I’ll try to get home as soon as I can."
Saying this, Nao picks up her bag and leaves the classroom.
Asuka: "Maybe it’s one of the teachers."
Itsuki: "—Dummy Girl."
Exchanging places with Nao, Miss Itsuki walks over to me.
Itsuki: "Where is Little Osachi off to?"
Asuka: "It seems something came up."
Itsuki: "......I see."
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "Oh, never mind. Alright, I have to go home first, so let’s meet up somewhere."
Miss Itsuki says casually. She’s going home first? I wonder why.
Itsuki: "Let’s see. How about the karaoke place at the station? We shouldn’t be bothered there."
Asuka: "Karaoke? Okay, but..."
Itsuki: "It’s decided then. Let’s meet at 5 o’clock."
Asuka: "Okay—"
The conversation moves at a quick pace.
Itsuki: "Alright, I’ll see you then."
Karaoke it is... And so, here I am, in front of the station. It’s 4 o’clock. The reason I’m early—
Asuka: "I might as well sing a bit!"
For a change of pace, I decide to sing karaoke on my own until Miss Itsuki comes. I’m looking forward to it.
Asuka: "Well then, let me see."
I navigate with the remote control.
Asuka: "Mmm... for my first song... got it. ‘You Hill’."
Send. The intro plays immediately. I grip the mike.
Asuka: "Mmm... mmm..."
Asuka: "The hill I walked, next to youuuu. Now I walk aloooone."
Enka music is all about passion. My grandma used to say that often. —That music these days was all fluff. That being said, I don’t dislike recent music either.
Asuka: "Going on, going on, foreveeeer."
Asuka: "Beyond the hill, I see you, I see you gooooo."
5 o’clock. I receive a text from Miss Itsuki saying, ‘I’ll be a little late.’ Finally—
Itsuki: "Sorry, did I keep you waiting?"
At 6 o’clock Miss Itsuki makes her appearance.
Asuka: "(Huff, puff.)"
Itsuki: "Why are you out of breath?"
Asuka: "......Well, I had a full-blown recital of Enka songs for two hours straight."
Itsuki: "Two hours?"
Itsuki: "Oh, I get it."
Miss Itsuki seems to have realized that I must have arrived an hour early.
Asuka: "But it was good. I was able to clear my head."
Itsuki: "I see. Which means it was unclear to begin with?"
Asuka: "Somewhat."
Itsuki: "I see, I see."
Miss Itsuki grins widely.
Asuka: "You were pretty late. Did something happen?"
Itsuki: "I paid a visit to the Princess. I had some school papers to give her."
Asuka: "I see."
Itsuki: "—And I was worried about her."
Asuka: "Right."
Of course, I think to myself.
Asuka: "Did Miss Sakuya seem alright?"
Itsuki: "Well, yeah, Sakuya is."
Asuka: "Yeah, I guess it’s her mother that isn’t."
Itsuki: "Hmm."
Itsuki’s reply is vague....I probably shouldn’t pry too deeply.
Itsuki: "Well then."
Miss Itsuki changes her expression and looks at me.
Itsuki: "It seems there’s a lot you want to ask about from the look on your face."
Asuka: "...Yes."
Itsuki: "But, answer me first. —What happened between you and Sakuya on the roof?"
She asks me frankly.
Asuka: "Umm..."
Asuka: ".........She kissed me."
There’s no point in lying. There’s also no point in saying who had kissed who.
Asuka: (I said it! Eeek!)
I have no idea whether Miss Itsuki will react with anger, sadness, or laughter—
Itsuki: "Hmm."
Miss Itsuki replies in a flat tone. What does she mean by "hmm"?
Asuka: "......Huh, is that it?"
Itsuki: "What were you expecting?"
Asuka: "Oh, um, you know, more..."
I move my hands about wildly.
Itsuki: "You want to know why Sakuya kissed you, Dummy Girl. And you want to know why I appear to be alright with this."
Asuka: "Y-yes."
That is what I came here to learn.
Asuka: "I had thought it was related to the fight you had between the two of you."
Itsuki: "—Oh."
Miss Itsuki eyes widen with surprise.
Itsuki: "How perceptive. Look at you, you’re able to think on your own. I’m surprised. It’s staggering, actually."
Asuka: "You’re so mean..."
Itsuki: "I’m complimenting you, so cheer up."
Asuka: (But, the fight—)
According to Miss Itsuki, she had told Miss Sakuya to go back to the person she used to love. And that person was... "Selfish, violent, and with a terrible personality... The most annoying damn girl there ever was."
That’s what she told me. How that connects to me being kissed... That’s the part I don’t understand. (Maybe we’re similar—)
Itsuki: "Do you want to know? In detail?"
Asuka: "...Yes."
Itsuki: "Once you find out... this time, there truly may be no going back."
Miss Itsuki says something similar to what she had once told me about something else.
Asuka: "Is this about Prima ?"
Itsuki: "Never mind Prima . I know the real you."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Itsuki: "The real you that not even you know about."
During the ‘ Prima ’ incident, she had used the same words. During the ‘ Prima ’ incident, she had used the same tone. But during the ‘ Prima ’ incident, she had not looked at me with the same eyes.
Itsuki: "I went back to my house to bring—this."
Asuka: "???"
Pinched between her fingers, Miss Itsuki pulls out a small, white...
Asuka: "Is that a... USB memory stick ?"
It’s an external memory device that can be plugged into computers to save images, documents, and other such data. I’m terrible with computers and I always rely on Nao, so I don’t know much about it, but I’ve seen Nao using something similar before. Miss Itsuki waves it about.
Itsuki: "It’s in here—the truth. Here you go."
Miss Itsuki throws it to me and I frantically catch it.
Asuka: "Th-the truth? What truth?"
Itsuki: "I’ll leave it up to you whether or not you want to take a look. If you want to know everything, then you know what to do."
Asuka: "Everything..."
Itsuki: "If you do decide to look, do it alone. Keep it a secret even from Little Osachi."
Itsuki: "Just be sure to prepare yourself. If you want keep living the lazy life you have now, then I wouldn’t use that."
Miss Itsuki’s voice is serious. The USB memory stick in my hand is starting to feel like a bomb.
Itsuki: "Alright, that’s the end of what I have to tell you. I’m going now."
Asuka: "What do you mean the end? We haven’t talked about anything yet."
We haven’t solved anything.
Itsuki: "Whether or not there is a continuation to this is up to you, Dummy Girl."
Itsuki: "I’m sorry, but I’m not in the mood for karaoke. Besides, I want to pay another visit to the Takeda family’s house."
Miss Itsuki is already halfway out of the room, leaving me behind. And going back to the Takeda family’s house. Is she that worried about Miss Sakuya? Or is it her mother that she’s worried about?
Itsuki: "Oh, I’ll pay for the room, so why don’t you stay and sing?"
Asuka: "No, I’ve done enough of that..."
Itsuki: "I see. Bye then, Dummy Girl."
Miss Itsuki gives me a wave of her hand as she moves to leave. She opens the karaoke room’s door and just before she steps out into the hallway, she holds the door and turns to me again.
Itsuki: "Oh, that’s right."
Asuka: "???"
Itsuki: "Do you know why I call you Dummy Girl?"
Asuka: "Huh? ...Probably because I act like a ‘dummy’."
Itsuki: "Wrong. Well, not that I’m gonna tell you."
With this, Miss Itsuki closes the door and leaves. Trust Miss Itsuki to leave behind a final mystery right before she leaves. I am left feeling morose.
Asuka: (Don’t bring it up if you’re not gonna tell me...)
Asuka: "Hmm... What other meaning could ‘dummy’ have... Like a mannequin? No, that doesn’t make sense."
I have no clue. A part of me considers that she might just be messing with me for the sake of it. When I return to our room it’s around 6:30.
Asuka: "Nao still isn’t home yet. It’s late..."
Even after entering our room, I just stand there. In my hand, I hold the USB memory stick that Miss Itsuki had given me....What should I do? "It’s in here—the truth."
Asuka: "What is the truth?"
"This time, there truly may be no going back."
Asuka: "This isn’t about Prima ?"
Inside our room is a single computer. A laptop. It belongs to both of us, but really Nao is the only one who uses it mostly. But, even though I’m bad with computers, something like this I can do.
Asuka: "I just need to plug it in..."
"It’s in here—the truth."
"This time, there truly may be no going back."
Asuka: "......"
I turn on the computer.
Nao: "I’m home!"
Asuka: "Eeek!"
Nao: "I’m sorry I’m late, sis... Huh, what’s going on?"
Asuka: "Oh, it’s you, Nao. You scared me. Welcome home."
Nao: "...? Did you turn on the computer?"
Asuka: "Um, y-yeah. There was just something I wanted to look up online."
I lied... I’m sorry, Nao.
Nao: "I see... Standing up? Why not sit down and do it?"
Asuka: "Y-you’re right. Ahaha."
I awkwardly sit down in front of the computer.
Asuka: "Umm..."
Nao: "...? Sis?"
Nao comes and peers in from behind me. Well, the truth is there is nothing that I want to look up. "—I’m no god."
From some reason I remember these words Nao had said... And so. ‘God’ ‘Powers’ I type these words and press search. A list of suspicious-looking sites are displayed.
Nao: "...Sis, are you troubled about something?"
Asuka: "N-no, it’s not like I’m turning to religion or anything!"
Nao: "Weird, sis."
Nao lets out a giggle. She appears to be her usual self. "If you do decide to look, do it alone. Keep it a secret even from Little Osachi."
Asuka: (......I wonder why.)
The USB memory stick is inside my pocket. Is it really that dangerous...? I begin to feel a little nervous. Then— —
Asuka: "...Huh!?"
I wake up inside of my bed.
Asuka: (Oh, I fell asleep. And I had been trying to stay awake!)
My idea had been to wait until Nao had fallen asleep to use the computer. I check the time on my smartphone . It’s 4 AM. Yes, this may have worked out for the better. If anything, Nao must be sound asleep by now.
Asuka: "......"
Bating my breath, I check on Nao. From the bed above, all I can hear is quiet breathing. It appears alright.
Asuka: (Gently, gently...)
I slowly, quietly sneak out of my bed. I head towards the computer sitting on top of the desk. But, if I turn on the power here, the light of the display might wake her up.
Asuka: (Gently, gently...)
I pick up the computer and move towards the entrance. I place it gently on the floor. Then, I rummage through my own clothing and pull out the USB memory stick from inside a pocket. I return to the computer.
Asuka: "...Whew."
I turn on the power. The display lights up. Holding my breath, I observe Nao but she appears to be sleeping soundly. Alright, yes.
Asuka: "Now all I have to do... is plug this in."
I plug the USB memory stick into the side of the computer. It reads the data immediately and a message appears saying, ‘Would you like to display content?’ I click ‘OK’ with the mouse. Then—
Asuka: "......Huh!?"
I involuntarily let out an odd cry, before quickly covering my mouth. Fortunately, Nao shows no sign of change. All I can hear is her adorable breathing.
Asuka: (...So, this is it?)
The USB memory stick is basically empty. ‘Untitled.txt’ There is a single white icon, denoting a text file. A little unexpected.
Asuka: "But, this is it, isn’t it...?"
I have to find out. "Just be sure to prepare yourself. If you want keep living the lazy life you have now, then I wouldn’t use that."
I just want to know why the two had fought and what the kiss had been about. Why had things ended up like this? I have no idea what is going on. It is exactly because I have no idea what is going on, that I must see this.
Asuka: "No, I want to see this."
Part of it is that I cannot realistically imagine what will happen when I open the file. What would I need to prepare myself for?
Asuka: "...Screw it, I’m gonna open it."
If it turns out to contain something I wish I hadn’t seen... I can always keep quiet and pretend I haven’t seen it. Oh, I’m so clever. I click on the text file. It opens.
Asuka: ".........Huh?"
I stare blankly. Written inside the text file I had opened is a single, very short sentence. ‘Wait half a year.’
Asuka: "......Huh, is that it?"
That’s a long way ahead. No matter how much I search, I can’t make sense of it. There is only that one text file in the USB memory stick and the only thing written inside the file is, ‘Wait half a year.’ What can this mean...? ...Wait, what other meaning could there be? ‘Wait half a year’ can mean nothing other than ‘wait half a year.’ It doesn’t make any sense. What’s going on?
Asuka: (What is Miss Fancy-Glasses thinking...!?)
Asuka: "...Was she just messing with me?"
The changes of that are high, exponentially high. After all, this is Miss Itsuki we’re talking about. But—
Asuka: "...This time... I feel it’s different."
‘Wait half a year.’
Asuka: "......So all I can do is wait? Seriously..."
I say with dissatisfaction. Well, if those are her instructions, I’ll wait. What else can I do? I wonder what I should do until then.
Asuka: "Hehehehe... man."
Half a year. I’ll be in my second year by then. It’s November now, so May of next year. Rainy season might’ve already started by then. I whisper quietly, but confidently.
Asuka: "...There’s a good chance I’ll have forgotten about it."
I warn the absent Miss Itsuki. It is a week later by the time Miss Sakuya returns from her family’s house. I had met Miss Sakuya in the hallway of the dorm and she had said indifferently, with an emotionless expression on her face... That her mother had died.
====================scr00316.kgo====================
Time passes. Ceaselessly the river flows, they say—(source unknown.) Spring.
Asuka: "Zzzz..."
I have managed to progress to the second year. Today is the first day of school.
Nao: "Alright. That should do for breakfast."
Nao: "Come on, sis. Not even the alarm clock wakes her up."
Asuka: "Zzzz.... zzz... zzz."
Nao: "Sis, wake up. We’ll be late for school."
Asuka: "Zzz... pop."
Nao: "Eww, a snot bubble... Sis, that doesn’t become a second year student. You wanna go back to being a first year?"
Asuka: "Please, not that!"
I swiftly get up.
Nao: "Good morning, sis."
Asuka: "...Good morning, Nao."
We exchange our usual morning greetings. There’s still no sense of reality at having become a second year. Although I am still kind of surprised that I wasn’t asked to repeat a year.
Nao: "Breakfast is ready. Let’s eat and prepare for school."
Asuka: "Okay, let’s eat."
Nao: "Hehe. Be careful not to put on your training uniform this time."
Nao says, reminding me of my first day of school a year ago. I feel a sense of nostalgia. —I’m reaching for the stars in the sky. —Aimlessly. So I had thought in my first year. Maybe I have gotten a little closer to them since then... Well, I am a second year now, after all. I’d like to think I’ve gotten closer. Even if just a little.
Asuka: "Of course I won’t put it on. I happen to be a second year now."
I say, puffing my chest out with pride.
Sakuya: "Good morning, Asuka, Nao."
I run into Miss Sakuya in front of the dorm.
Asuka: "Good morning... (yawn)."
Nao: "Good morning, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "You seem tired, Asuka. Shape up."
Asuka: "Come on, it’s spring."
Sakuya: "That’s not even a valid excuse."
Asuka: "You know what they say: in spring one sleeps a sleep that knows no John."
Sakuya: "......"
Nao: "...Um, I think it’s ‘dawn’ actually, sis."
Nao corrects me gently.
Machi & Michi: "Good morning."
We meet up with Machi and Michi in front of the academy.
Asuka: "Good morning."
Nao: "Good morning, Machi and Michi."
Sakuya: "Good morning, you two."
Machi & Michi: "Looking forward to studying with you this year too."
Asuka & Nao: "Us too."
I feel like we had this same exchange yesterday at the opening ceremony for the academic year. Supposedly, for our second year, the group work combinations will be different, so we may not get the chance to work together this year. I consider how, since we’ve gotten to know each other, it would be nice if we could all be together again. Ms. Ohara is our homeroom teacher again for second year. Today, as usual, Ms. Ohara is her lovely, angelic self.
Kaede: "Alright, good morning, everyone."
Itsuki: "Whoa, close call. I made it!"
Miss Itsuki comes sliding in. It’s a sight I’ve already grown accustomed to.
Sakuya: "I don’t know why you can’t do everything ten minutes earlier..."
Itsuki: "Come on, why don’t you compliment me on how, all things considered, I’ve never officially been late for school yet?"
Sakuya: "That’s no great achievement."
The two exchange their usual barbs.
Kaede: "Now that all of you are here, let’s begin the morning homeroom."
Looking around the classroom, it’s obvious that there are fewer students than during our first year. Although there is some sadness to this... Most of my thoughts are centered around my relief that I wasn’t one of the ones who quit.
Kaede: "In your first year you learned about the basics. This second year is an important year, in which you must become actual, respectable nurses ."
Kaede: "Please focus not only on the classes and training at school, but take the initiative to prepare and review as best as you can."
We all respond in confirmation.
Kaede: "Alright, for today’s nursing skills—"
Ms. Ohara explains to us what we will be doing for training today.
Kaede: "We will practice bathing ."
Asuka: "Huh, but, Ms. Ohara, didn’t we do that so much last year...?"
Kaede: "Miss Asuka Osachi, this time we will be covering ‘ bathing for post-op breast cancer patients .’"
Asuka: "...??? How is it different from what we’ve learned until now...?"
Unable to comprehend this, I cock my head to the side.
Sakuya: "I see. It raises the difficulty."
Asuka: "Really?"
Itsuki: "Of course. Since it’ll be post-op, you’ll have to consider pain relief."
Nao: "Yes. Also... the patient will be affected by the fact that she has lost her breast..."
Sakuya: "You’re right. You’ll need to consider the privacy and psychological aspects as well."
Asuka: (...Wow.)
Kaede: "Do you understand now, Miss Osachi?"
Kaede: "As second years, the in-school training you will undergo will be mostly reviewing what you did in your first year here. However, there is no point in doing the same thing."
Kaede: "As second years, you will apply nursing skills with the assumption of actual specific sicknesses and injuries."
Asuka: "I-I-I understand completely!"
...Sounds difficult. Already I am in a state of panic. So this is what it’s like to be a second year.
Asuka: "(Sigh...)"
Nao: "It’s alright, sis. We can do it."
Asuka: "Y-yeah."
I force myself to reply. —Ever since autumn of last year, when so much happened... I have spent my time since then having abandoned my pursuit of the truth, without gaining any sort of closure. With no opportunity to investigate further, I found myself getting used to everyday life again... Well, a large part of it was the fact that I didn’t have much time outside of studying.
Asuka: (But, somehow—)
Somehow, a sense of uneasiness had always remained. A tiny, tiny sense. But there was no denying that it was there.
Asuka: "—(Sigh.)"
After school finishes, I return to our dorm. Alone.
Asuka: "I’m home."
I throw my bag onto the bed of the empty room. I take out some barley tea from the refrigerator and relax.
Asuka: "Aaah."
I zone out for a while and then...
Asuka: "...I guess I should do my homework and wait for Nao to come back."
Muttering this, I reach my hand out towards my bag.
Asuka: (Since autumn of last year—)
After the annual school festival ... The frequency of Nao going out on her own had increased, leaving me with more time alone in our dorm. Nao’s reasons for going out varied each time. At times it would be to assist a teacher, other times it would be to go shopping, or to help a classmate with her studies. I do feel a little sad, but the fact is that we had probably been spending far too much time together to begin with.
Asuka: "Oh, right now I’m on my own in the dorm."
Nao isn’t here. Ever since Miss Itsuki left the dorm last year, she has been staying at her family’s house. And Miss Sakuya had said she would be going to her family’s house today. It’s not like I’m literally alone here in the dorm... but I do feel lonely. Last autumn, after her mother died, Miss Sakuya had returned frequently to her family’s house to deal with various matters like organizing her mother’s belongings. Apparently, there is much to do when dealing with a large house like hers. Miss Itsuki still continues to commute from her family’s house and Machi and Michi didn’t live in Hakuran Dormitory to begin with.
Asuka: (What is this feeling—?)
After her mother died, for a while Miss Sakuya had tended to miss classes. Apparently, she had been in danger of repeating a school year. Receiving support from Ms. Ohara and the other teachers, she had spent all her private time catching up on studies and had managed to advance to the next year. So I had not had a chance to ask about the kiss she had given me on the day of the annual school festival .
Asuka: (Besides, Miss Sakuya seems to have forgotten it—)
Asuka: "You could say I’ve been somewhat abandoned..."
I mutter. My talk with Miss Itsuki. The USB memory stick . The text file that had read ‘Wait half a year.’ A-actually, to be completely honest......Although I can’t tell Miss Itsuki this...
Asuka: "I wonder where that USB memory stick went."
I had lost it. When I realized it, it had disappeared somewhere... and since I had been keeping it a secret from Nao, there was no way I could discuss it with her. Well, I’d seen its contents, so I couldn’t exactly say it inconvenienced me in any way—
Asuka: "Hmm..."
I sit down at the table and spread out my study set, a murky look on my face. Many things seem to have been left somehow incomplete. Although I’ve gotten used to it, it’s true that a lot of things have been changing. And my mind, which has never been really good at thinking about difficult things, seems to have chosen to put these things aside...
Asuka: "Well, I mean, I do have my hands full with school-related matters..."
I mutter an excuse to no one in particular. Oh, I am allowing my days to float by. Like a jellyfish floating in the sea. In a way, it suits me— ...I fall asleep while doing my homework. I meet Yuki in my dream.
Yuki: "Why aren’t you studying properly?"
Asuka: "I-I am."
Yuki: "Why aren’t you studying properly?"
Asuka: "Huh, I told you I am. I’m doing everything I’m capable of..."
Yuki: "Why aren’t you studying properly?"
Asuka: "I-I’m doing my best. Even my homework today..."
Yuki: "Why aren’t you studying properly?"
Asuka: "Stop it! I’m sorry, I’ll study properly!"
Yuki: "Why aren’t you studying properly?"
Asuka: "St-st-stooooop!!!"
Asuka: "—Huh!?"
When I open my eyes the room is pitch dark. Night has already fallen. Halfway through my homework I had fallen asleep face down on the table....Nao still isn’t home yet.
Asuka: "(Huff, huff)... That was a horrible dream..."
Just as I think this. I hear the sound of the door opening and then...
Nao: "??? It’s dark. I’m home!"
Asuka: (It’s Nao.)
Asuka: "......!"
I reflexively lower my face onto the table again and close my eyes.
Asuka: (Huh? Why am I pretending to be asleep?)
I’m not sure. I just found myself like this...
Asuka: (Fine, I’ll pretend to be asleep and then frighten Nao.)
I quieten my breathing. I can hear the sound of Nao’s footsteps walking into the room.
Nao: "Asuka is asleep. She was doing her homework? Huh."
Huh? There’s something different about Nao’s voice.
Nao: "......(Sigh). I don’t know..."
There is something like fatigue and something like frustration in her voice.
Nao: "I guess I’ll go take a shower."
Nao crosses the room quietly. Putting her stuff down, she crosses the room again towards the bathroom, when... she retraces her steps and, retrieving a blanket from the bed, she places it over my back. The usual, gentle Nao.
Nao: "......(Sigh)."
She sighs again. There is tension there. Her footsteps head towards the bathroom. Then, as she opens the door—
Nao: "—Damn it."
She seems to spit the words.
Asuka: (Huh?)
Words uncharacteristic of Nao.
Nao: "Honestly, I wish I’d —-ed them."
The bathroom door shuts with a click. Immediately, I hear the sound of the shower running.
Asuka: "......"
I raise my face. Standing up, I turn on the light. Feeling I may still be in a dream, I had done this to confirm whether or not this is reality. The room brightens. On top of her desk Nao has placed her bag and her smartphone .
Asuka: "...Did I just mishear her...?"
The words that Nao had muttered before she had entered the bathroom. If she had actually said that, then I must still be dreaming....That must be it. I mean, that word. It was as unimaginable as, no, even more so, than hearing Yuki verbally abusing me.
Asuka: (I mean, that word.)
Asuka: "...Did Nao just say ‘killed’?"
Asuka: "—!?"
I jump involuntarily.
Asuka: "...Nao’s smartphone ."
I look and see that Nao’s smartphone is ringing. I quietly walk over to the smartphone and take a look.
Asuka: "...I don’t know that number."
Displayed on the smartphone screen is a number unknown to me. It appears not to be saved into Nao’s address book and the number alone is displayed. I consider that it could be someone calling the wrong number.
Asuka: "...They hung up."
The vibrating stops once, but quickly begins again.
Asuka: "Oh, they’re calling again."
A call. From the same number.
Asuka: "I wonder if I should answer it..."
If it is someone calling the wrong number... and if it’s urgent enough for them to call several times... I feel it would probably be better to answer the phone and inform them they’re calling the wrong number. But, regardless of the fact that we’re sisters, it’s probably not okay to answer someone else’s phone.
Asuka: "Oh, they hung up again."
As I consider what to do, the vibrating stops again. But then the next second...
Asuka: "Oh, they’re calling again."
It’s the same number. I wonder who it is.
Asuka: (And if it isn’t a wrong number—)
They’re calling over and over again. Maybe I should tell the person that Nao’s in the shower right now.
Asuka: "......Hmm..."
Asuka: "............Maybe I’ll answer."
As I reach out my hand the vibrating stops again. At the same time.
Nao: "Phew..."
Nao steps out of the bathroom. She’s changed into her pajamas.
Nao: "The light is on. And you’re up."
Asuka: "Hey, Nao."
Nao: "Sorry, did I wake you up? But if you’re gonna sleep you should sleep in bed."
Asuka: "...Yeah."
Nao: "???"
Nao looks baffled by my manner.
Asuka: "Um, you were pretty late, Nao."
Nao: "Yeah, I had some trouble..."
Asuka: "I see. —Your phone was ringing while you were taking a shower."
Nao: "Oh, really?"
Nao walks over to her desk and picks up her smartphone .
Nao: "You’re right. Sorry, sis."
Asuka: "Don’t worry about it."
Nao: "Three times... How annoying. You didn’t answer, sis?"
Asuka: "Oh, I thought about answering and telling them they had the wrong number."
Nao: "The wrong number?"
Asuka: "...That’s not it?"
I ask and Nao laughs a little.
Nao: "No, you’re right, they do have the wrong number. It’s a mistake."
Nao: "—What a nuisance."
But there’s something odd about the way she says this.
====================scr00317.kgo====================
May— Ms. Ohara’s voice floats through the quiet classroom.
Kaede: "Alright, next—"
Asuka: (It’s raining today... and it rained yesterday too.)
Rainy days are depressing. There are shadows outside the window, even though it’s still before noon. The sky is grey.
Nao: "......"
Next to me, Nao is quietly scribbling in her notebook.
Asuka: (Oh, it’s definitely coming soon.)
My annual headaches. I feel it’ll probably start sometime today... Well, actually, it’s started lightly already. It’ll probably get pretty serious after school.
Asuka: (Once we get home, I’ll ask Nao to do her magic charm on me.)
I wonder if we’ll be able to go home together today.
Asuka: "I’m home."
Nao: "Welcome home, sis."
We chat as we walk into our room. It’s still pretty early, but outside it’s as dark as if it were night. I turn on the light. I can faintly hear the rain, increasing in intensity, from our room.
Asuka: (Although, according to the weather report we still haven’t entered rainy season yet—)
With our current weather, it really should be announced any time now. The proof of that is my throbbing head.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao."
I sit down on the floor and call out to Nao.
Nao: "Hmm, what is it?"
Asuka: "Can I ask you to do... your magic charm? It’s started again."
Nao: "Oh, the headaches?"
Asuka: "Yeah, it’s been paining me a little from around the time we were walking home."
Nao: "I see..."
I had expected her to agree, but Nao seems to contemplate this for a while.
Nao: "Alright, hold on a second."
Saying this, Nao heads into the kitchen. I sit and wait patiently. Nao rustles about in the kitchen for a while and then returns. In her hand she is holding a small box.
Nao: "You know, sis."
Nao sits down next to me.
Nao: "You’re gonna be turning 20 this year, right? And I will be too next year."
Asuka: "Yeah...?"
Nao: "So, I’m thinking maybe it’s time we grew out of childish things like magic charms."
Asuka: "Huhhhhh?"
Nao: "I could easily do a magic charm on you, but we can’t go on doing this forever..."
Nao: "So, here. Let’s fix it properly with medicine, okay?"
The small box that Nao holds out to me is a common headache medicine.
Nao: "This will work a lot better than my magic charm."
Asuka: "Oh... okay..."
I suppose, if I’m honest, the magic charm was just me allowing myself to be spoiled by her. Now that Nao’s made this proposal, there’s no reason for me to object.
Asuka: "......I’m a little shocked..."
Nao: "Hey, it’s not like I don’t want to do the magic charm or anything."
Asuka: "...Really?"
Nao: "Really. I’m saying this for you, sis."
Nao: "I’ll always be the same. I’ll always be your miracle drug, but..."
Nao: "It’s probably better to get used to it now in preparation for when you find someone special and grow apart from me."
I am puzzled by Nao’s unexpected words.
Asuka: "I don’t think... that’ll be the case."
Even if I were to find someone special, I can’t imagine growing apart from Nao. Why does it have to be like that? Nag her to do it Agree to her opinion
Asuka: "... Nnn..."
Nao: "‘Nnn’?"
Asuka: "Nnno, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... No!"
Asuka: "I want you to do your magic charm on me, Nao! I want it, I want it, I want it, I want it! I want you to do it, Nao!"
Nao: "Wait, sis, you’re acting like a spoiled brat."
Asuka: "Because I want it! I want to do it with you, Nao! I want, want, want it and I can’t wait anymore!"
We just need to stick our foreheads together and chant the magic charm.
Nao: "S-sis, are you trying to seduce me...?"
Asuka: "Is that... bad?"
I let my eyes grow misty as I coax her. I am a total failure as an older sister.
Nao: "Seriously...?"
Nao looks troubled. Greatly troubled.
Asuka: "Please, Nao..."
I cajole, cajole, and cajole her.
Nao: "Hmmm... mmm..."
Nao looks troubled, worried, deep in thought. I’ve never seen Nao look so conflicted before. But. Finally, Nao—
Nao: "......(Sigh.)"
She lets out a sigh of surrender.
Nao: "Fine, let’s do it, sis."
She says, laughing with exasperation.
Asuka: "I wanna!"
I cheer happily, with enough enthusiasm to jump up and down with joy. (In reality, if I did this my head would hurt, so I don’t.)
Nao: "That being said, I’ll do the magic charm, but you have to take the medicine as well. That’s my condition."
Asuka: "Alright."
That will be no problem whatsoever.
Nao: "You’re unbelievable, sis."
Nao: "......Still, if you’re okay with it."
A complex expression appears on Nao’s face. If I’m okay with it? What does she mean?
Nao: "Alright, sis, bring out your forehead—"
Asuka: "Okay!"
And so. Nao uses her ‘healing forehead’ on me. And afterwards.
Nao: "Alright, drink your medicine....And this."
Along with common headache medicine, Nao holds out... the white USB memory stick .
Asuka: "Oh—"
Nao: "I found it a long time ago while cleaning the room. It’s not mine, so it must be yours, sis."
Nao: "I’d forgotten to give it to you. Sorry. Here."
Saying this, she hands it over to me.
Asuka: "Alright... I’ll take the medicine."
Saying this heavily, I take the box of headache medicine from her.
Nao: "Oh, I’ll get you some water. Wait a sec."
Nao stands up and walks to the kitchen again. I take the medicine out from the box and wait. Nao returns with a glass of water. She holds out the glass to me.
Nao: "Here you go, sis."
I take it.
Asuka: "Oh well..."
I look at the tablet lying on my palm and then place it in my mouth.
Asuka: "......Hngh."
Next, I bring the glass to my mouth and fill my mouth with water. Then, I swallow the tablet. Well, if it’ll help ease my headache—I think to myself. As for what Nao said about how I shouldn’t always rely on her, well that’s the undeniable truth. I gulp down another mouthful of water and then take in a breath.
Asuka: "—Phew."
I hope I get better, I think to myself. And then.
Nao: "—!"
I hear Nao’s trembling breath.
Asuka: "???"
Nao: "—orry..."
Asuka: "Huh, Nao?"
Nao: "...I’m sorry, sis."
Asuka: "N-N-Nao, what’s the matter?"
Nao is crying. Tears spilling from her eyes. Without wiping them away, she looks straight at me as the tears spill out of her eyes and down her cheeks.
Nao: "I’m sorry... I’m sorry, sis."
I’m stunned.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao. Why are you crying? You didn’t do anything bad!"
Nao: "No, I’m sorry. I’m sorry."
I don’t know what to do. I mean, Nao has done nothing wrong. Why is she crying like this, as if she can’t bear it? I don’t understand it at all.
Nao: "I’m sorry, sis. But, it’s for the best. This is for the best."
Asuka: "What is for the best...?"
I guess she’s referring to taking headache medicine instead of relying on the magic charm.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "Hehe. I’m sorry. I must’ve surprised you, crying like this all of a sudden..."
Asuka: "No... it’s fine. Um, do you want to the magic charm now?"
I broach the subject. As if to say to her that we could do it if she wants. Although it had been Nao who had said I should take medicine instead....It feels kinda weird.
Nao: "No, you’ve taken the medicine now. This is fine."
Nao looks as if she’s both crying and laughing at the same time. I feel as if something is caught in my chest and I cannot say anything. We stay like this for I don’t know how long.
Nao: "...Sorry, I’m fine now. My tears have stopped, so I’ll go wash my face."
Standing up, Nao trots over to the sink.
Asuka: "...Um."
I’m at a loss for words. After a little while, Nao returns, but walks straight over to her desk and opens its drawer. She takes something out.
Nao: "Sis, this is yours, isn’t it?"
What she shows me is a white... USB memory stick . I had thought I’d lost it.
Asuka: "Oh, that!"
Nao: "When I was cleaning the room I found it on the floor."
Asuka: "Well, it’s not exactly mine..."
Why had Nao put it away? Why had she not said anything to me? And why now?
Nao: "I’d forgotten to give it to you. Here."
Nao holds it out for me and I take it. She’d forgotten... I see. Of course. Things like that happen. But even to the usually reliable Nao? ‘Wait half a year.’ The short message in the text file. I don’t know if Nao has seen it or not. With many things left unsolved, I had let the bustle of my daily life sweep me up, until I had given up on finding answers.
Asuka: (But, that’s right—)
It’s May. It’s been six months since I received the USB memory stick in November.
Nao: "Alright, I’ll prepare dinner now."
Saying this, Nao heads to the kitchen. I had been unconsciously gripping the USB memory stick in my hands. The fact is, I’ve been aware of truth. That since that day many things had changed, and that there was no use in pretending they hadn’t.
Asuka: "— —"
From the crack between the curtains I can see the night sky. The rainy sky is dark and I cannot see the stars or the moon.
Asuka: (I guess I have to hear the truth.)
I know this. But why do I have to? No, that’s not the right question. I change my question.
Asuka: "—For whose sake do I need to know?—"
====================scr00401.kgo====================
—That night I dream of something. The next day, when I wake up, my recollections of the dream are hazy and I hardly remember anything of it. Only that it seemed like a memory from long ago. I think I was meeting someone in my dream... "Alright, let’s call you—"
I think I was giving someone a name... Maybe a pet? It’s hazy—
Asuka: "There’s something I need to talk to you about."
The next day, during a short break between classes. Seeing Miss Itsuki walk out into the hallway alone, I pursue and call out after her.
Itsuki: "Huh? What is it?"
Asuka: "It’s important... regarding the USB memory stick ."
Itsuki: "......Hmm, I see."
Miss Itsuki seems dubious at first, but then a look of understanding appears on her face.
Itsuki: "After school at that karaoke place. Is that okay?"
Asuka: "Yeah."
She names the same place where she had given me the USB memory stick last year.
Itsuki: "Alright, now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom."
Saying this, Miss Itsuki walks away. As I watch her walk away, she seems to mutter something to herself.
Itsuki: "...Why now? I don’t get it."
Asuka: (??? Why now...?)
School finishes.
Nao: "Sis, see you later."
Asuka: "Yeah... I’ll try not to be too late."
Nao: "Me too. I’ll do some shopping before I go home."
After stepping out of the school gate, Nao and I go our separate ways. "There’s something I have to do."
These days, that’s all the explanation we need to provide to each other on days we go our separate ways. Such days have become more and more common. It’s mostly Nao, but today it’s me. Nao doesn’t even ask what that "something"
is. Last year, that would have been unthinkable. There is a sadness to it.
Asuka: (...Is this what it means... to grow up?)
I scratch my head.
Asuka: (I don’t think I really want to grow up.)
I pride myself in my honesty... at least. "I’m sorry... I’m sorry, sis."
—Nao’s falling tears. Even now, I have no idea what the cause of her tears was.
Asuka: (I wonder if something’s going on behind my back...)
Asuka: (...Wow, that sounds like I’ve been watching too many mysteries on TV.)
I mutter to myself that that’s taking it a little too far.
Asuka: "Alright, off I go."
I begin walking towards the karaoke store near the station. While waiting for Miss Itsuki, I sing my heart out.
Asuka: "—Phew."
Just as I place the microphone down to take a break, Miss Itsuki comes in.
Itsuki: "Hey, so you’re singing again. You do love to sing, don’t you."
Asuka: "I was in the mood."
Itsuki: "I know the feeling. I’m pretty big on singing karaoke on my own too."
Miss Itsuki is carrying a tablet -type computer under her arm.
Asuka: "Where’s Miss Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "Oh, she’s still at school taking supplementary lessons. Said she needs to make up for lost time."
Sakuya: "Where’s Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "........."
Miss Itsuki twitches on hearing me call her by just her name. But, she shows no further reaction....Well, at school I call Sakuya by just her name now since she doesn’t seem to care.
Itsuki: "She’s still at school taking supplementary lessons. Said she needs to make up for lost time."
Asuka: "I see. That’s tough."
Itsuki: "She doesn’t seem to think it’s tough at all. That’s the kinda girl she is."
Asuka: "Ah, I can totally see that."
I say admiringly.
Itsuki: "—Well then."
Miss Itsuki lowers herself down onto the sofa.
Itsuki: "So... you said you had something important to talk about?"
Asuka: "Yeah."
The first incident that had been the start of the changes. The fight between Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki. The first incident that had been the start of the changes. The fight between Sakuya and Miss Itsuki. "I told her to go back... to the one she used to love."
And then, I had been given the USB memory stick . The text file inside it had read—’Wait half a year.’
Itsuki: "To be honest, Dummy Girl, I gave it a fifty-fifty chance whether or not you’d open the file."
Asuka: "...Well, you did scare me quite a bit with all your talk about how I’d better prepare myself if I chose to take a look."
Itsuki: "Ahaha. That’s why I’d decided it didn’t matter whether or not you saw it. At the time I thought..."
Itsuki: "That it probably wouldn’t change anything."
Itsuki: "But, I don’t get it. It’s been, let me see... half a year since then. Why do you want to talk about it now?"
Asuka: "Why...?"
I can’t seem to understand what Miss Itsuki means. It doesn’t make sense.
Asuka: "I just did what you told me to do. Wait half a year."
Itsuki: "Huh? What’re you talking about?"
Asuka: "I should be the one to ask that. Inside the USB memory stick ... there was a text file that read ‘Wait half a year.’"
Itsuki: "— — —"
Miss Itsuki’s expression changes. She narrows her eyes and grows silent. The tension in the air makes me fall silent as well.
Itsuki: "You’re serious."
Asuka: "...Yeah."
Itsuki: "Here. Give me the USB memory stick ."
Asuka: "Um, okay."
I obediently hand it over to her.
Itsuki: "........."
Miss Itsuki plugs the memory stick into her tablet , navigates the screen, and says almost immediately.
Itsuki: "Hey, its content’s been corrupted. What’s going on?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "Did you drop it into water or something? It doesn’t read the files."
Asuka: "Um... w-well..."
Itsuki: "Tell me the truth and I’ll get really mad at you."
Asuka: "Aren’t you supposed to say you won’t get mad at me!?"
Itsuki: "I’m kidding. I won’t get mad."
Asuka: "...Um... after I got it from you, I read its content, then I lost it for a while..."
Itsuki: "......Idiot."
Miss Itsuki lets out an exasperated sigh.
Asuka: "Nao found it for me—"
Itsuki: "Little Osachi found it?"
The sharpness in Miss Itsuki’s voice increases.
Asuka: "Y-yeah. Well, we do live in the same room."
Itsuki: "...Hmm."
Miss Itsuki grows silent. A look of contemplation on her face.
Itsuki: "Last year... no, I guess it’s already been two years since then."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "Before we enrolled in Teito Nursing Academy , Sakuya and I actually met Little Osachi at the Open Campus ."
My mind goes blank for a moment, but then I remember.
Asuka: "Yeah, Nao told me. It was when I couldn’t go... She said she only caught a glimpse of the two of you, but you stood out a lot..."
Itsuki: "That’s a lie."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Itsuki: "Little Osachi was the one who approached us. Although the reason... was something of a coincidence."
Asuka: "......"
I’m lost for words. Nao hadn’t said it happened like that.
Itsuki: "Sakuya dropped something, and Little Osachi picked it up and brought it to her."
Itsuki: "Although, actually it didn’t belong to Sakuya but to someone else."
Itsuki: "In our conversation, you came up. She told us how she had an older sister who wasn’t here today, but who was also planning to apply here."
Itsuki: "She showed us pictures of you that were on her smartphone ."
The story is completely different from what Nao had told me.
Itsuki: "It was all a coincidence that things ended up like that."
Itsuki: "But—now that I think of it, it was all a little too convenient."
Asuka: "Too convenient...?"
Itsuki: "—And then, Little Osachi asked us for a favor: that when we met you at school, to pretend it was our first time meeting."
Itsuki: "Sakuya agreed... And well, I nodded and said that I was okay with it if Sakuya was, but I didn’t really like it."
Asuka: "??? ...Um... aah..."
Question marks are flying around my head. I can tell the story is progressing, but my comprehension is unable to keep up with it and all I can do is let out stupid sounds....Oh, but just now.
Asuka: "Did you say... ‘pretend’ it was our first time meeting?"
Itsuki: "Yep."
I recall the time we met in front of the stairs on our first day of school.
Asuka: "...Um, the way you worded that. It makes it sound like that wasn’t... the first time we’d met..."
Itsuki: "That’s what I meant to say. We didn’t meet for the first time at Teito Nursing Academy ."
Asuka: "...D-did we meet somewhere before? I’m sorry, it must’ve slipped my mind..."
Maybe somewhere in the city. I don’t remember at all.
Itsuki: "—Idiot. It’s not like that."
Miss Itsuki laughs a little.
Itsuki: "This is what Little Osachi told us."
Itsuki: "‘My sister used to be in an orphanage, and my family took her in.’"
Itsuki: "‘But, perhaps having suffered traumatic experiences in the orphanage, she’s lost her memories from then.’"
Asuka: "...What?"
I stare blankly. Why is Miss Itsuki starting to say such bizarre things???
Asuka: "Who... are you talking about?"
Itsuki: "Who else besides you. You don’t have memories from when you were small, do you?"
I think everyone goes through something like that. Where we grow up and find... Maybe our elementary school notebook or our kindergarten drawing book and there we rediscover our innocent dreams of what we’re "gonna be when we grow up"
that we’d long forgotten about. And we say to ourselves, "What was I thinking back then!?"
In that way, I’m sure most of us have experienced being surprised by our own childhood dreams that we can no longer recall. The old picture book I had found in the cupboard. Written on the last page were the words, ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ That— That’s something normal that happens to everyone.
Asuka: "That’s because... um, I fell off a tree and hit my head..."
A small accident. It had happened during the summer vacation during my second year in elementary school. I had just got a cut on my forehead and hadn’t really been hurt badly. Instead... I had just lost my memories of what had happened before then... That’s what I had been told.
Itsuki: "Did your sister tell you that?"
Asuka: "Yeah, but..."
Itsuki: "You idiot. ‘Forgetting’ and ‘memory loss’ are two completely different things."
Asuka: "Memory loss!? That’s a bit of an exaggeration..."
Itsuki: "—Hmm."
Miss Itsuki lets out a snort of laughter.
Itsuki: "Little Osachi told us this—"
Itsuki: "‘I told sis... it was because when she was in elementary school she fell from a tree while climbing and hit her head...’"
Itsuki: "‘I discussed it with my parents and they decided to stick with that story.’"
Itsuki: "Her words. So, she told us to also—"
Asuka: "W-w-wait! Pause, stop!"
Itsuki: "What? This is where the important stuff starts."
Asuka: "No, please hold on a bit. My head’s about to explode... I want something to drink. I’m gonna go to the drink bar."
Itsuki: "Go for it. You better not run away."
Asuka: "Okay..."
Asuka: ".........To be honest, I really want to run away."
Me and my honesty.
Asuka: "I’m back... Oh, I brought something for you to drink too."
Itsuki: "Really? Thanks."
Asuka: "Um, everything you’ve told me... I think it’s more natural for me think it’s all made up..."
Itsuki: "Evidence over theory. Alright, I’ll show you, then."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I’ll show you what was originally in the USB memory stick . It’s a short video."
Asuka: "A video—"
Itsuki: "It’s too late for you to say you’re not ready."
Miss Itsuki says this mischievously as she presses the icons on her tablet .
Itsuki: "Here you go. Don’t touch anything."
She tosses it over to me.
Asuka: "O-oh."
???: "Hehehe, I’m in the middle!"
I listen to the voice coming from the tablet . It’s a very childlike, high-spirited voice. Following this...
???: "Stop waving the cat around like that! Can’t you be calm for once?"
???: "Oh, come on! Who cares? Hm?"
Ugly Cat: "Meow!"
???: "Really, you never think about anyone except yourself..."
Displayed there on the tablet ’s screen are...
Asuka: "— —"
A few children. They are in a room somewhere. Someone appears to be using a camcorder to video the three children. In the middle is a girl with a mischievous expression on her face, to her right is a girl with pretty features. And, on the left, is a timid girl with glasses. The middle girl is holding a cat to her chest and spinning it around. The cat is sickly thin with a nasty look to it.
Asuka: "......What an ugly cat."
Itsuki: "That’s not important."
Asuka: "Is this...?"
I start to mutter, but cannot seem to find the words to continue. Footage that I’ve never seen before, a place that I’ve never seen before, children that I’ve never seen before... And yet—
???: "Hey, Sakuya do you want to hold it too?"
???: "No thank you. You may keep holding it, Asuka."
Asuka: ".........Is that me and Miss Sakuya?"
Asuka: ".........Is that me and Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "Correct."
Footage I’m seeing for the first time, a place that I’m seeing for the first time, children that I’m seeing for the first time. They’re calling each other ‘Asuka’ and ‘Sakuya’ and, looking carefully... they do seem familiar.
Asuka: "...??? What about the girl on this side?"
The timid girl wearing glasses.......Hm? Glasses?
Itsuki: "........."
Miss Itsuki does not answer. —Just then, on the screen, the little me turns to the girl wearing glasses.
Little Asuka: "Come on, smile, Itsuki. We’ve only got the camera for a short while."
Asuka: "‘Itsuki’?"
Little Asuka: "Here, I’ll let you hold the cat."
Little Itsuki: "...I-I d-don’t want to..."
Little Asuka: "Come on. You’re so boring."
Itsuki: "Yep, that’s me. The introvert in glasses. Still wear them, don’t I?"
Asuka: "......You’re like a different person."
As I whisper this, my eyes remain glued to the screen. The background is white like a hospital. All the children are wearing matching nightwear. Almost as if they were patients in a hospital. The footage ends after a little less than a minute. And yet, still, I stare at the screen. I can’t take my eyes off it.
Asuka: "This is... me? This is footage... of us?"
Itsuki: "Yep."
Asuka: "...Ah-ahahahah."
I can’t help myself from laughing. I mean, this is... this is... ridiculous. And yet, it’s here, clear as day.
Itsuki: "If I were to add anything, it would be that you and Sakuya—were in love."
Asuka: "Wha—?"
She had said this in a casual, off-handed manner.
Asuka: "What— —!?!?"
I’m stunned. I mean... "In love."
Who and who?
Asuka: "In... love..."
Miss Sakuya and I. —Miss Sakuya and I!? Sakuya and I. —Sakuya and I!?
Itsuki: "Yep, you two were in love with each other. Although you also fought a lot..."
Miss Itsuki’s words cannot seem to penetrate my mind. I mean, there’s no way I can believe it—and yet... "Your mouth is hanging open. What a stupid-looking face."
That small ‘star’ that I had seen when I first met her at school. "No, Sakuya. Actually, I like you."
How at the karaoke booth, I ended up saying this to her... "Asuka..."
And the feeling of happiness I felt after being kissed on the rooftop. And all of the other things that happened here and there... I feel as if I’m starting to understand this sensation of destiny I’ve felt exists between Miss Sakuya and me... And all of the other things that happened here and there... I feel as if I’m starting to understand this sensation of destiny I’ve felt exists between Sakuya and me... But,  but,  but...
Asuka: "But, but, but... That’s just..."
My mind feels in utter chaos. An utterly chaotic kind of utter chaos. I’m starting to feel dizzy. When...
Itsuki: "Hey... Can I ask you one thing?"
Asuka: "Huh? ...S-sure."
As I stare at Miss Itsuki through the haze of confusion, she plays with the memory stick between her fingers and looks as if she’s thinking about something.
Itsuki: "Have you noticed anything different lately about Little Osachi?"
Asuka: "...What? Huh? What does Nao have to do with this?"
I feel stupefied, not understanding why the subject suddenly changed to Nao.
Itsuki: "Just answer the question. Let’s see... between about the period Sakuya and I had our fight and now."
Asuka: "H-hmm... Hard to say... I mean, I wasn’t..."
I start thinking about it. It’s true that we’re going our separate ways more than before, but I suppose that’s because we were just sticking together too much until now. It’s not that Nao has been acting suspiciously or that she’s started acting cold towards me.
Asuka: "Hmm, not really... Nao is still Nao, yeah."
Itsuki: "I see. Hmm..."
Miss Itsuki replies curtly, and seems to be deep in thought. Meanwhile, I’m sitting as still as a statue.
Itsuki: "If that’s so... Hm, no, I guess that’s not possible..."
Asuka: "...? Miss Itsuki..."
Itsuki: "...Be quiet for a moment."
Asuka: "Alright, alright."
Being told in this blunt manner, I helplessly keep silent. I keep quiet.  I keep quiet.
Asuka: "I’m on tenterhooks, here."
By the way... I wonder why they say people who are waiting for the next development are on ‘tenterhooks’? What is a ‘tenterhook’ anyway? That’s always been a mystery to me...
Asuka: (If I asked Nao, she’d just reply to me cheerfully with a smile, "Yeah, I wonder why!"...)
Asuka: "...Maybe I should take another look."
"I’m sorry... I’m sorry, sis."
For some reason I recall that time she was crying.
Asuka: "She was crying..."
Miss Itsuki looks at me dubiously as these words unintentionally escape my lips.
Itsuki: "Huh? What did you say?"
Asuka: "W-well, ever since I was a child, I’ve often gotten these headaches during the rainy season, and they’d always get better after Nao did a magical charm for me..."
Asuka: "But this year, Nao suggested we stop doing such childish things. And then she suddenly burst into tears."
Itsuki: "...Hmm."
Miss Itsuki returns to her deep thought.
Asuka: "Why would that mean anything to you?"
Itsuki: "..."
Asuka: "...Ignoring me again!?"
I take a sip from my drink out of helplessness.
Itsuki: "The memory stick ."
Asuka: "...???"
Itsuki: "Did Little Osachi have any opportunity to overwrite the content?"
Asuka: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Itsuki: "Just try to remember! It’s important!"
Her tone is sharp.
Asuka: "L-let’s see... Well, we do live together, and there’s those times while I’m taking a bath, and I’m usually the first one to go to bed..."
Did she ever have a chance? I mean, the answer would be yes, but still...
Itsuki: "I see. That’s that, then. Your little sister overwrote the content of the stick."
Asuka: "...No, no, no."
What is she saying, this crazy girl!? 
Itsuki: "...Tsk, let’s call it a day. Give that back to me."
She takes the tablet out of my hands and is about to head out of the door.
Asuka: "Huh? W-wait a second! Why are you leaving so suddenly?"
Itsuki: "Talking to you made me think of something I need to check out. We’ll continue this another time."
Asuka: "It made you think of something...?"
Miss Itsuki puts her hand on the door handle and looks back at me.
Itsuki: "It would be best if you don’t tell speak to your little sister about all this."
Itsuki: "I don’t think you can keep everything hidden, but I at least recommend you not tell her what we talked about."
Itsuki: "...But who am I to tell you what to do? I’ve also been an idiot."
In the middle of her sentence, it seems like she started talking to herself.
Itsuki: "Until now, I had never given what happened at the Open Campus Day that much thought."
Asuka: "...???"
Itsuki: "Little Osachi knew about us. She approached us because she knew about us. Thinking about it... I wonder how?"
Asuka: "...Umm...?"
A sigh escapes Miss Itsuki’s lips, and she then continues.
Itsuki: "Watch out for your little sister. The reason why you lost those memories..."
She breaks off mid-sentence.
Itsuki: "...Well, take care."
She leaves the room.
Asuka: "...I really don’t understand."
In my state of confusion, I sit down on a bench in front of the station.
Asuka: "Am I really... some sort of victim of amnesia?"
I’ve always been conscious of the fact that I’m not good at remembering things, but...
Asuka: "Have I, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki really been together in the past...?"
I don’t know about that! It’s the first time I’ve heard about this! The first time I’ve heard about this in my whole life! Not my parents, nor my grandma , nor Nao... No one has ever told me about this! I was born in the Osachi family, and was raised in a completely ordinary way. When I was a second grade elementary student, I fell from a tree, and because of that, I’ve never been able to recall the time when I was little. But I’ve lived my own life fine so far, never making a big deal about that.
Asuka: (But...)
The fact that Nao talked to Miss Itsuki and Miss Sakuya at the Open Campus Day ... That means that Nao lied to me when she told me that she merely saw them. Thinking about it normally, it would seem obvious that Miss Itsuki would be the one lying, but then, how could she know that I fell from a tree? I never told her. There’s only a handful of people who know about this... Yes.
Asuka: "And then there’s that memory stick ..."
The memory stick that (supposedly) contained that video. (Did Nao overwrite the content...?) I don’t understand. Why would Nao feel the need to do that? "Watch out for your little sister. The reason why you lost those memories..."
Asuka: "Watch out for her...?"
"The reason why you lost those memories..."
Miss Itsuki’s sentence had broken off in a strange spot. Thinking about it naturally, it could have gone something like, "the reason why you lost those memories, is because of Nao."
 It felt as if she was about to finish the sentence like that. "Watch out for your little sister."
Asuka: "No, no, no...! I’m reading too much into it! Ohh..."
I groan to myself, unable to move from the bench.
Asuka: "Ohh, ohhh, ohhh.........Zzz"
As a reflex action to escape reality, I fall asleep....Yeah, that happens sometimes................................................................
???: "...Sis, sis!"
(Shake, shake.) Someone is shaking my body.
Asuka: "Hmm... Five more minutes..."
???: "No, sis. Hey, come on, sis!"
(Shake, shake.)
Asuka: "...Ah, hunh?"
I see Nao standing in front of me as I open my eyes.
Nao: "Thank God, you’re awake!"
Asuka: "Huh, what...?"
With a blank mind, I look around. I’m sitting on a bench in front of the station. It’s already night.
Asuka: "Oh... I fell asleep..."
Nao: "There was no sign of you coming home, so I was really worried, you know?"
Asuka: "I’m sorry..."
Nao: "Don’t worry, I’m just happy I found you here."
Nao smiles at me with relief. Well, not coming home like that before dark, without saying anything... I guess it’s natural she’d worry. She’s come looking for me.
Nao: "Sis, let’s go home?"
Showing me a warm smile, she holds out her hand. "Watch out for your little sister."
Asuka: "Yeah, let’s go home."
I chase away Miss Itsuki’s words into a far corner of my mind. Nao is still Nao, my beloved little sister. If I had to choose who to trust, the only possible answer could be Nao. I grab on to her hand and stand up. Nao’s hand feels a little cooler than my own.
Nao: "Your body has cooled down, so you better take a bath."
Asuka: "Yeah. How about we do it together?"
Nao: "Our bath at the dormitory is too small! I’m happy for your offer, but you really just need to warm yourself up!"
Asuka: "I see, you’re right....Uh, I’m feeling kind of stiff."
Nao: "Like I said, that’s because your body has cooled down! Thank God it didn’t rain!"
Asuka: "If it had started raining, I would have noticed and woken up, you know?"
 
Nao: "Ahaha, I wonder about that. You’re the champion of sleeping in weird places, after all."
Asuka: "No, no, that would be impos... Actually, I guess it could happen."
We smile at each other, and return to the dormitory holding hands.
====================scr00402.kgo====================
One rainy day...
Asuka: "Ugh, supplementary classes..."
Kaede: "It’s just you, isn’t it, Asuka? Well, let us start then."
Asuka: "Sure..."
I told Nao she could go home already (out of consideration). But actually, to tell the truth... I feel so helpless by myself.
Asuka: "I-I’ll do my best...!"
The weather’s terrible. By the time I make it back to the dorm, it’s already totally dark outside.
Asuka: "The lights in the room are off... Maybe Nao went out to buy something."
Asuka: "I’m home...!"
As I thought, there’s no sign of Nao inside the room. I switch on the lights.
Asuka: "Her stuff is here... She must have been here at some point before leaving again..."
I think to myself as I see her bag and other things on her desk. And then, I notice something else. 
Asuka: "Oh, her smartphone ."
She left her smartphone lying next to her bag. She must have forgotten it before heading out. I place my own bag on the floor and walk towards Nao’s desk.
Asuka: "It’s unusual for Nao to forget her phone. Maybe she was in a hurry."
Asuka: (In a hurry... just to buy something?)
As I tilt my head in contemplation, I pick up the smartphone without any particular intention. And just as I do this...
Asuka: "Whah?"
I am startled by the smartphone suddenly starting to vibrate.
Asuka: "Oh, an incoming call...!"
Someone is calling. Looking at the display, I notice that the call is coming from an unregistered number, since the name of the caller isn’t shown. Of course, I don’t know this number either.
Asuka: (Someone calling the wrong number...?)
I think so to myself for just an instant, but...
Asuka: (...Oh, this number...)
This number showing on the display. I have a faint memory of it. It’s the same number as last year, when Nao said that it was someone calling the wrong number time after time. Answer it Don’t answer it
Asuka: (What’s up with that...? But, I guess it’s alright to...)
As I’m thinking this to myself, I touch the green key. When suddenly...
???: "Hey you!"
A voice is blasting from the <TC<BlueColor>phone ... Safe to say that it’s an angry voice.
Asuka: "..."
I timidly bring the smartphone to my ear.
???: "Hey, are you listening to me? I’m asking you what the hell was up with that attitude earlier!?"
???: "I think you know as well as I do that I went to a lot of trouble to get hold of that. You might show a little more gratitude!"
Asuka: "U-umm!"
As the woman on the line is going on and on without even checking who she’s talking to, I somehow manage to get a word in between.
Asuka: "...Who would I be talking to?"
???: "..."
The woman on the line is silent.
Asuka: "Umm..."
???: "Who are you?"
Asuka: "Huh, me? I am... the sister of the owner of this phone ... It seems like Nao forgot it before going out."
 
???: "...Hmm."
The woman’s voice sounds somewhat amused.
???: "Hmm, I see."
Asuka: "Well, that’s why I was asking, who are-"
???: "You better watch out. Your sister is a real menace."
And suddenly, she hangs up.
Asuka: "...’You better watch out’...?"
Miss Itsuki had told me the same thing. I don’t understand. But... this wasn’t just a random instance of a wrong number.
Asuka: (It makes me feel so uneasy... I wish I knew what was going on, but, but...)
I am torn as to what to do, while the phone goes on ringing in my hand.
Asuka: "Nao might get angry with me if I pick up without her permission..."
That wouldn’t be good. I don’t want her to be angry with me. Even though, recently... I’ve been feeling a little tiny bit of distance between us. I want to stay on good terms with her. I don’t want to do anything that (might) cause her to dislike me.
Asuka: "...I’d better not."
...
Asuka: "...It stopped."
Just as I reach a decision not to pick it up, the phone stops ringing. The timing made it seem almost as if the caller had sensed this. I’m just about to return the phone to Nao’s desk... When suddenly, I hear the front door opening. Nao is back home.
Nao: "I’m home!"
Asuka: "Oh, Nao, welcome back!"
She’s holding grocery bags from the supermarket.
Asuka: "So you were out grocery shopping after all!"
I look at the clock.
Asuka: "That took quite a while!"
Nao: "Yeah, I wasn’t sure which things to buy. Are you hungry? I’ll prepare something right away, since I bought some pre-made dishes. I got pork cutlets!"
Nao smiles at me cheerfully. It’s the adorable little Nao I’m used to. "You better watch out. Your sister is a real menace."
Asuka: (A menace? In what way?)
Nao: "Oh, my smartphone ."
Nao says this as she looks at her phone in my hand.
Asuka: "Huh!? Oh... yeah, you left it on your desk."
Nao: "It’s because I was in a bit of a hurry, to make it on time for the discounts."
Asuka: "O-oh! Discounts, right..."
I hand Nao her phone .
Asuka: "...Umm, someone was calling you, just earlier."
Nao: "Calling me?"
Asuka: "Yeah, from an unregistered number."
Nao: "I see."
Navigating through her phone to check the calling history, she asks me.
Nao: "...Sis, did you pick it up?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah....I’m sorry, was it wrong of me to do so?"
I try to say it in a somewhat inconspicuous way. But Nao smiles at me and speaks.
Nao: "No, it’s no problem. Did they say anything?"
Asuka: "Oh, umm, no, they just hung up when I picked it up..."
Nao: "I see. Just someone calling the wrong number then."
Nao nods, satisfied, and puts her phone on the table.
Nao: "Well then, I’ll prepare dinner now, so please wait a moment."
Nao cheerfully enters the kitchen.
Asuka: "..."
Nao’s voice and behavior is the same as always. Even so, I find myself as if paralyzed, unable to move. "Just someone calling the wrong number then."
No, that’s not what it was. "Watch out for your little sister."
"You better watch out."
Asuka: "No, I didn’t pick up. It just looked like someone calling the wrong number anyway."
Nao: "I see......."
A strange silence fills the space after Nao says this, as if she’s caught up in thought.
Asuka: "What’s the matter?"
Nao: "Huh? Oh, nothing, nothing. Yes, just someone calling the wrong number."
Nao: "I sometimes get calls like that from this number. I always tell them they’re calling the wrong number though..."
Nao shows a wry smile.
Nao: "It’s good that you didn’t pick up."
Asuka: "Y-yeah."
Nao: "Well then, I’ll prepare dinner now, so please wait a moment."
Nao cheerfully enters the kitchen. The next moment, I just barely manage to hear her voice, faint and quietly...
Nao: "...It might have been better if she picked it up."
Asuka: (Huh...?)
The thought enters my mind that I might have misheard her.
Nao: "Well now, milk and eggs go into the fridge..."
I can hear Nao’s cheerful voice coming from the kitchen. I awkwardly move my body and peek into the kitchen. Nao is taking the groceries out of the bags and putting them away. Then, she takes a small bottle out of one of the bags and stares at it intently.
Nao: "..."
Asuka: (What might that be?)
Nao: "..."
The bottle looks white, of a type I’ve never seen before. My first thought is that it might be some kind of spice, but it doesn’t seem like that... Something’s written on it in English.
Asuka: "What’s that, Nao?"
Nao: "Huh?"
Nao glances at me. 
Nao: "Oh, this? It’s a medicine, I just bought it at the pharmacy."
Asuka: "Medicine...? Are you having any health issues?"
Nao: "It’s just a nutritional supplement. I tend to get low on energy quite quickly lately... But, since it’s for me, don’t drink from it, alright?"
Asuka: "I shouldn’t drink from it?"
Nao: "Well, apparently it doesn’t suit everyone’s constitution, so, just in case, you know?"
Nao puts the bottle in one of the kitchen drawers.
Nao: "Anyway, why don’t you sit down and wait until dinner is ready. Let’s do our homework after dinner, okay?"
Asuka: "...Sure."
Nao seems like her usual self, however I look at her.
Asuka: (But still...)
.................. Around the time we’re almost finished eating our dinner... The doorbell rings.
Nao: "Coming!"
Nao heads towards the door.
Nao: "Oh, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "Sorry to disturb you. Is now a good time?"
Nao: "Sure, we just had dinner. Come in!"
Sakuya: "Thanks."
Our visitor is Miss Sakuya.
Asuka: "Good evening, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Yes, good evening."
Miss Sakuya is carrying the notebook and pencil case which she usually uses in class.
Nao: "Have a seat, Miss Sakuya. I’ll make you some tea."
Nao disappears into the kitchen.
Sakuya: "Thank you."
Asuka: "What brought you here?"
Sakuya: "I was checking some class content from a day I wasn’t there, and there’s a part I don’t understand."
Sakuya: "I found out that I don’t have all the print-outs from class."
Sakuya: "Itsuki was supposed to keep them for me, but she forgot to give me some."
Asuka: "I see."
Sakuya: "I figured Nao would probably have all of them, so I was thinking she could show me."
Asuka: "What about me!?"
Sakuya: "Hehe, I don’t expect you to have them."
Miss Sakuya is chuckling with amusement. She seems more innocent and friendly than usual.
Asuka: (Hmm, I don’t often see this side to her...)
Sakuya: "What’s up, Asuka, staring at me like that? Do I have something on my face or something?"
Asuka: "N-no!"
Nao: "The tea is ready! There you go, Miss Sakuya, and for you, too, sis."
Sakuya: "Thank you."
Asuka: "Thanks, Nao!"
Nao: "I heard what you were saying earlier, so, you need print-outs?"
Sakuya: "Yes, could you show them to me?"
Nao: "Sure, if you tell me from which class, I’ll get them right away!"
Sakuya: "You’re so reliable, Nao."
Asuka: "........."
I’m looking at Miss Sakuya....What was up with that kiss on the roof? Ever since then, Miss Sakuya has been acting as if it never happened. When I remember that kiss, I also remember what happened afterwards...  It must have been a dream or my imagination. I’ve come to this conclusion, for the time being. But whenever I remember the kiss, that raw sensation of being stabbed in the stomach also comes back with a vengeance... Hmmm... "Watch out for your little sister."
"You better watch out."
Asuka: (Oh no, why am I connecting those two!?)
Asuka: "...!"
I shake my head.
Asuka: "Stupid, stupid, stupid! I’m such an idiot!"
Nao & Sakuya: "!?"
Nao: "W-what’s wrong, sis?"
Sakuya: "Don’t surprise us like that! I was already sufficiently aware that you’re an idiot."
Asuka: "...No, that’s not what I meant. Sorry."
I’m a little embarrassed.
Sakuya: "Thanks, Nao. This is really helpful."
Nao: "Don’t worry, I don’t mind if you return them tomorrow, so why don’t you take them with you?"
Sakuya: "Okay, I’ll do that. Thank you for the tea."
Seems like the conversation has been continuing while I’ve been caught up in my worries....Yeah.
Sakuya: "Well, see you tomorrow!"
Miss Sakuya stands up and heads towards the door.
Asuka: "Yeah, see you."
Nao: "See you!"
The door closes with a click, but immediately...
Nao: "Oh, Miss Sakuya forgot her pencil case!"
Nao picks up Miss Sakuya’s pencil case from under the table.
Asuka: "You’re right."
Nao: "I’ll go give it back to her, okay?"
Nao stands up and leaves the room. I’m left alone.
Asuka: "(Slurrp)..."
I take a sip from the teacup.
Asuka: "...Tastes good."
When suddenly... Bam! A loud noise from the door, as if something slammed into it with full force. Nao has only just left the room.
Asuka: "...W-what?"
And again, bam! The sound of something crashing into the door.
Asuka: "Huh...!?"
I stand up and head to the door in a panic. I timidly open the door...
Asuka: "..."
As I open the door...
Nao: "..."
Sakuya: "...Hehe."
Nao and Miss Sakuya are standing in the hall, facing each other. The pencil case Nao was holding is lying at their feet on the ground. Its contents are scattered all over the floor.
Asuka: "Nao...?"
Nao: "...!? Sis..."
Nao quickly glances at me. 
Asuka: "Nao, I just heard some loud noise..."
Nao: "Oh, umm..."
Sakuya: "Don’t worry, Asuka. It’s just that I almost tripped over."
Asuka: "Huh, tripped...?"
Sakuya: "Yes, it made me bump into the door. Nao just tried to help me. That’s all that happened, isn’t it, Nao?"
Asuka: "Really, Nao?"
Nao: "...Um, yeah."
Asuka: "Oh, is that it?"
Sakuya: "It did make a loud noise. I’m sorry to surprise you like that."
Asuka: "No, don’t worry about it..."
Miss Sakuya speaks as she gathers up the contents of her pencil case.
Sakuya: "Thanks for my pencil case, Nao. Well, take care, you two."
Miss Sakuya speaks simply, before walking off down the hallway.
Nao: "..."
Nao stares at Miss Sakuya’s back, with a deadly serious, almost scary expression.
Sakuya: "~♪"
We can hear Miss Sakuya quietly humming as she disappears.
Nao: "..."
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao: "...Huh?"
Asuka: "Are you okay? You seem a bit..."
Nao: "Oh, I’m fine, I’m fine. I was just daydreaming, hehe."
Asuka: "I see."
Nao: "Hey, sis. About Miss Sakuya, you know..."
Asuka: "...Y-yes?"
This time, Nao is staring at me. Her voice sounds dead serious, without a trace of emotion.
Nao: "...Her breasts are really amazing. I ended up touching them."
Asuka: (What...?)
......... I guess when she tried to keep Miss Sakuya from tripping over....But still.
Asuka: "Breasts..."
Nao: "...May just end up getting in the way."
Asuka: "Hey, hey!"
Nao: "Just kidding! Let’s go back inside, sis... I have to drink my medicine."
Saying this, Nao turns around with a spin and goes back into the room.
Asuka: (Medicine...)
That little white bottle that she put in one of the kitchen drawers.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Why do I get this feeling just now? "Who is she?"
This feeling, as if Nao has turned into some stranger. It’s a little bit... scary.
Asuka: "...!"
I shake my head.
====================scr00403.kgo====================
..."
Asuka: "It’s me..."
It’s me there in a sterile white room. I see myself in the middle of the room, sitting in a chair which is connected to machines. There’s some device on my head as well with a lot of cords coming out of it. The look on little Asuka’s face expresses utter dissatisfaction, and she’s glaring this way... right into the camera.
???: "We’re going to start the test."
Little Asuka: "Listen, boss. I’m no good, right? Isn’t it useless?"
???: "Don’t waste your breath. Focus."
Little Asuka: "...I hate this. It always makes me feel sick!"
Asuka: "...What is this?"
Itsuki: "It’s a video from the lab. You must have realized by now, but the kid on the screen is you. In other words, these were the kind of things that were going on in there."
???: "Raise the stress level, starting from level three!"
Little Asuka: "...Gh-ghh...!"
I don’t have a clue what’s really happening on the screen. But as I watch, an intense feeling of disgust wells up in my chest... I feel like throwing up.
Asuka: (No, if I keep on watching this... I’m going to throw up...!)
Before the end of the video, Miss Itsuki takes the tablet back from me.
Itsuki: "There’s no need to watch all of it. It sickens me too."
Asuka: "...Uhhh. Y-yeah..."
I heave a deep sigh. There’s a nauseating, murky feeling in my chest.
Asuka: "Was that some kind of... experiment to test these special ‘powers’?"
Itsuki: "Yes. The voice you heard in the video was that of Shinobu Haizawa, the woman who started this ridiculous research. We were her toys, more or less."
Itsuki: "Many children without families were taken into the research lab from orphanages. They were left to the whims of this stupid woman in exchange for food, clothing and shelter."
Asuka: "Children... without families...?"
Itsuki: "Rather than being cared for... you could say that we were like pets being kept there. Both me and Sakuya, as well as you. All of the children at the lab."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Itsuki: "What?"
Asuka: "Wait a second, I don’t understand. Huh? This research lab... but... I had a proper home."
Itsuki: "Well, the lab doesn’t exist anymore."
Asuka: "...Doesn’t exist anymore?"
Itsuki: "There was a fire, and it burned everything to the ground. Many employees, and Haizawa herself, were killed, and that was the end of the research lab’s existence."
Itsuki: "The unharmed children were taken in by the police. Though it took a lot of time and effort, all of the kids were eventually placed in foster families."
Asuka: "A fire..."
Just the instant I speak this word...
Asuka: (...!)
I find myself flashing back to a scene of raging flames, along with a searing hot sensation, burning into my skin. At the same time, a voice,
Little Asuka: "...Sakuya!"
It all flashes to me in an instant, as if it were a hallucination, and in the next instant, it’s disappeared again.
Asuka: "Oh... oh..."
Itsuki: "...??? Hey, what’s wrong? Are you alright?"
Asuka: "...! ...Oh, yeah, I’m fine. It’s nothing."
Asuka: (What was that just now? Was that... a memory?)
Asuka: "So, does that mean... I was taken in by the Osachi family after the fire? Just like you and Miss Sakuya?"
Itsuki: "No, nothing like us."
Asuka: "...But, according to what you said..."
Itsuki: "After the fire, you were nowhere to be found. You were never taken in by the police. You went missing, and even after the investigation in the aftermath, there was still no sign of you..."
Itsuki: "The story was that you died in the fire."
Asuka: "...Died in the fire...?"
Itsuki: "I was really surprised to hear that you happened to be alive and well, and that you were aiming to go to the same nursing school as us."
She’s talking about the Open Campus Day . The time when Nao told them my name and showed them my picture...
Itsuki: "If you need proof, there’s this..."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Miss Itsuki searches through her pockets and picks out a folded piece of paper. She unfolds it and puts it on the table. I look at the paper with a sense of impending horror of what I’m about to read. It is titled ‘Official Copy of Family Register’. The Osachi family’s address, as well as the names of my family members are noted on the paper. Under my name, in the space describing ‘family relationship’... It reads... ‘Adopted Child’.
Asuka: "...’Adopted child’..."
I feel surprised. I do feel surprised, but still... I wonder why, I feel strangely calm too. As if I had known. As if I... had always known.
Asuka: (As if a part of me knew... that this day was about to come... at some point.)
Another part of me, which I don’t know about.
Asuka: "I see....They lied to me."
Itsuki: "..."
Miss Itsuki doesn’t respond as I mutter this to myself.
Itsuki: "Well, that wasn’t the reason why I got this copy. The real reason was in order to check this."
As she says this, Miss Itsuki points at another spot on the paper, next to my name... Nao’s column. I read Nao’s name, ‘Nao Osachi’, and then proceed to look under ‘Family Relationship’...
Asuka: "‘Adopted Child’...!? Nao too!?"
Itsuki: "Yes, not just you. Neither you nor Nao are biological children of the Osachi family."
Asuka: "W-w-what does that mean!? H-Huh!?"
My earlier composure is now nowhere to be found.
Asuka: (But, but, but...!)
Itsuki: "Calm down. But yeah, I was also surprised to find out."
My mind is in utter confusion.
Asuka: "...Was Nao also one of the children in this research lab!?"
Itsuki: "—"
As I ask her this, Miss Itsuki keeps a long silence before responding.
Itsuki: "That would be the logical conclusion, wouldn’t it?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah."
Itsuki: "If that’s true, then it all makes sense."
Itsuki: "This research lab wasn’t such a huge place, but it’s not like I knew all of the other children’s faces."
Itsuki: "It’s always possible that there might have been some kids whom I didn’t know... but who knew me."
Asuka: "...Right."
Which again connects to the Open Campus Day . "Little Osachi knew about us. She approached us because she knew about us. Thinking about it... I wonder how?"
Itsuki: "But you know... I’m getting to the conclusion now. There wasn’t a single child in the Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center who could have been Little Osachi... Who could have been ‘Nao’."
Asuka: "Huh!?"
Itsuki: "After we met here last time, I went back to the lab to check all of the files from top to bottom, so there’s no mistake about it."
Asuka: "...Lab? What do you mean by lab?"
Itsuki: "That’s a secret. I’ve told you enough for now. About Little Osachi... you can rest assured that my information is accurate."
Asuka: "Nao..."
Miss Itsuki looks at me with sharp eyes.
Itsuki: "...Who on earth is she, your little sister?"
Asuka: (...Who she is?)
Asuka: ("Who on earth is Nao?"
...What kind of a question is that?)
Asuka: (How can she ask me such a question?)
Asuka: (I don’t know!)
Asuka: (Because after all, Nao is just Nao...!)
The Osachi sisters! The good sister and the no-good sister, that’s who we are!
Asuka: (My little sister...)
Asuka: "Nao..."
My lips are trembling.
Asuka: "Nao is... my little sister, so..."
"...May just end up getting in the way."
"...I have to drink my medicine."
She seemed like a stranger to me then.
Asuka: (Who is she...?)
It was a lie. It wasn’t real. It was all a lie. I’m not a real child of the Osachi family. Nao and I aren’t really sisters. And Nao isn’t a real child of the Osachi family either. It wasn’t true that I met Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki for the first time at Teito Academy . My past is one big lie. ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ The scribble on the last page of the picture book ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars ,’ in my handwriting. 
Asuka: "I’m gonna be a nurse..."
Itsuki: "...? What?"
Asuka: "There was a scribble in a picture book that I had when I was little, saying ‘I’m gonna be a nurse,’ in my handwriting. I don’t remember writing it..."
Why did I... why did my younger self, want to become a nurse ?
Asuka: (Reaching my hand towards the stars...)
Asuka: (Aimlessly...)
Asuka: (...Did I want to become a nurse in order to catch the stars?)
What was the real reason behind it?
Asuka: (I don’t understand it right now.)
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki, do you know why I had this wish?"
Itsuki: "No, I have no idea. It’s the first I’ve heard about it."
Asuka: "...Hm, I see."
So, though Miss Itsuki knows about the part of me which I don’t know about, there are also parts of me which I don’t know about that Miss Itsuki doesn’t know about either. What on earth...? It all seems so entangled that I can’t help laughing.
Asuka: (Nao also said she doesn’t know... but I wonder if that’s true...)
I don’t know what to believe anymore. Miss Itsuki and I leave the karaoke building. The sun is setting.
Itsuki: "It’s still only evening. It felt as if an amazingly long time had passed."
Asuka: "It feels as if I’ve listened to the events of about a hundred years... My stomach feels in a tangle."
Itsuki: "Do you get digestion problems? You should take some stomach medicine when you get back."
Asuka: "...If it’s true that you also have ‘ healing hands ,’ why don’t you use them?"
Itsuki: "No way!"
Miss Itsuki laughs at me mischievously.
Asuka: "Oh..."
I’m suddenly reminded of something. ‘ Healing hands .’ The healing ‘power’ to relieve sickness or pain.
Asuka: "Hey, Miss Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "Hm?"
Asuka: "There’s something I’d like to ask, about ‘ healing hands ’..."
Asuka: "Would they also work on a severe injury such as, say, a stab wound through the stomach that would normally kill someone?"
Itsuki: "So, you’re asking me if they could heal a fatal wound?"
Asuka: "...Yeah, I suppose that’s what I’m asking. With your powers, for example..."
But before I finish my sentence with "...could you do it?"
Itsuki: "...Hah!"
Miss Itsuki scoffs.
Itsuki: "Completely impossible. Sakuya had the most potent ‘powers’ at the facility, but even for her it would be impossible. It’s not like this power can do everything."
Asuka: "I see... I suppose that makes sense."
Itsuki: "And if there were such a ‘power’ that could defy death like that..."
Miss Itsuki continues, in a tone of voice which is hard to decipher as serious or joking...
Itsuki: "Having such a ‘power’ would be like having the power of a god."
Asuka: "A god..."
"—I’m no god."
====================scr00404.kgo====================
After this, a few days pass uneventfully.
Asuka: "I’m so tired of these supplementary classes..."
Sakuya: "Come on, are you so easily discouraged?"
Miss Sakuya and I are on our way home from a supplementary class....Well, even though we both attended the supplementary class, for me it was totally because of some bad test results, while Miss Sakuya was attending voluntarily in order to make up for classes she had had to miss. That’s quite a difference. Let’s not think about that. Don’t think about that!
Asuka: "Have things at home still not settled down for you?"
Sakuya: "Not really..."
Even now, Miss Sakuya is still visiting home a lot, even though already half a year has passed since her mother passed away. Though I can’t even imagine the circumstances of a wealthy family like hers.
Asuka: (...Miss Sakuya isn’t a real child of the Takeda family either.)
At least, if Miss Itsuki is telling the truth, she isn’t. I wonder if that has anything to do with it. Having heard from Miss Itsuki that we grew up in the same facility, and that there was mutual love between us... I wonder... if that’s why she kissed me that time.
Asuka: (Though I can’t bring myself to ask as much...)
The fact that Miss Sakuya is acting as if nothing happened is also a major factor, though.
Sakuya: "Asuka?"
Asuka: "...Oh, sorry, I just spaced out a little. Hehe."
Sakuya: "If you want to doze off, at least wait until you’re back at the dorm."
Miss Sakuya laughs as she says this.
Asuka: (There are so many things I want to ask her.)
But I can’t. I can’t take that step. This kind of carefree conversation feels so nice, I may be scared... that I might destroy that. Even though I know that everything might be a lie.
Asuka: "How are things with Miss Itsuki lately?"
Sakuya: "How are things? What do you mean by that?"
Asuka: "W-well... It seems like she hasn’t returned to the dorm, but I do see you two talking a lot at school."
Sakuya: "Yes, that’s true. I suppose the ice might soon melt between us."
Asuka: "Hmm, I see."
Sakuya: "The only reason why she hasn’t returned to the dorm is that she’d rather not be around me and my nagging."
Asuka: "Ahaha, that seems likely."
I laugh.
Sakuya: "How about you? How are things between you and Nao?"
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Sakuya: "Before, you two seemed to be all over each other, but now it looks as if there’s some distance between you two."
Asuka: "Oh..."
I guess it’s also visible to the outside world. I suppose that can’t be helped.
Sakuya: "Maybe the two of you have gotten a little bit more independent, could that be it?"
Asuka: "Oh, that could be true."
I laugh ambiguously.
Asuka: (There are so many things which I don’t understand anymore.)
About my past. About Miss Sakuya. So many things have happened that have made it all so confusing. But. But, the one thing in the middle of it all...
Asuka: (Nao...) My dear little sister.
====================scr00405.kgo====================
Asuka: "I’m home!"
As I enter the room saying this, Nao shows her face from the kitchen.
Nao: "Welcome back, sis!"
Asuka: "You’re in the kitchen? Isn’t it still a little early for making dinner?"
Nao: "I’m just making some preparations. I’m thinking of making a stew tonight."
Nao goes back into the kitchen as she speaks.
Asuka: "Stew sounds good!"
I place my bag on my desk and peek inside the kitchen. Nao is busy cutting vegetables.
Nao: "~♪"
She’s humming a melody. Nao doing household stuff like this, that’s the Nao I’m used to. My eye is caught by something on the kitchen counter.
Asuka: (Oh, her medicine bottle...)
Asuka: "It seems like you’re taking that medicine quite often."
Nao: "Hm? Oh, this? Yes, you’re right, but just about once a day, you know?"
 "Don’t drink from it, alright?"
She said it was a nutritional supplement for low energy...
Asuka: (Could that be true?)
Nao: "...Ouch!"
While I am distracted by the medicine bottle, I hear Nao let out a little groan.
Asuka: "Nao!?"
As I look at Nao, she puts the knife down on the counter and holds on to one of her fingers. The tip of her finger is covered in blood.
Asuka: "Eek, you cut your finger!?"
Nao: "Yeah, my hand slipped a little. I messed up."
Asuka: "I-I’ll go grab the first-aid kit!"
Nao: "For a little wound like this, just licking it is good enough, you know?"
Nao puts her fingertip in between her lips.
Asuka: "Huh, but..."
Nao: "Don’t worry, don’t worry! And anyway..."
Nao talks to me with her bloody fingertip between her lips, with a slight, kind of entranced smile on her face.
Nao: "I don’t dislike pain..."
Asuka: (...Who is she?)
It’s there again. It’s that feeling again that the Nao in front of me isn’t the Nao I know. This suspicion of who she really is......It’s Miss Itsuki’s fault. No, that’s not true.
Asuka: (That’s not it...)
It’s been raining the whole evening... Well, it is rainy season after all. We’re doing our homework together before dinner.
Asuka: "...Ugh."
There’s a dull ache in the back of my head. The usual one. It’s not like I can’t choose to ignore it, but still...
Asuka: (Hmm... Maybe I should take my medicine.)
Drink it Don’t drink it I decide to take it.
Nao: "Have you got a headache, sis?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll take my medicine."
Nao: "Hm, okay, I’ll bring some water."
Asuka: "Thanks."
Nao stands up and goes into the kitchen. It’s as if... she has totally forgotten about her magic charm, her ‘healing forehead touch.’ ...It makes me feel a bit sad.
Asuka: "...(Gulp, gulp.)"
I drink the medicine. For some reason, maybe due to my constitution, whenever I take headache medicine, even non-drowsy formula, I get really sleepy anyway....Or maybe I’m just the type of person that simply gets sleepy at every possible opportunity. Yes, that may be it. So, as expected...
Asuka: "...Zzz..."
After taking the medicine and returning to my homework, I readily fall asleep.  I’m having a dream again. I won’t drink it... I don’t want to drink it. Because after all, this headache is supposed to be healed by Nao’s magic charm....Though Nao said we have to let it go.
Asuka: (Even if medicine could heal it... I still wouldn’t want it.)
Nao: "Have you got a headache, sis?"
Asuka: "Yeah, could you do your magic charm for me?"
Nao: "...Let’s not do that. I’ll go get your medicine."
Asuka: "What? But I want your magic charm! I want it! I don’t want to drink any medicine!"
Nao: "You’re like a spoiled child. I don’t know..."
Nao looks troubled. In the end, in exchange for her magic charm... she makes me promise to also take the medicine. Frankly, I’m not happy about it.
Nao: "Well then..."
Asuka: "Okay, please go ahead."
Nao: "Oh, sis... Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam—"
Nao’s words flow calmly as she says her magical charm. And soon enough, my headache slowly starts to dissolve. I gently fall asleep.
====================scr00406.kgo====================
"What about you? What’s your name?"
"My name...? No..."
It was a short dream, and it was pitch black. There was just this voice. And even that was vague.
Nao: "...Asuka, wake up! The stew is ready!"
I wake up at the sound of Nao’s voice. She finished preparing dinner while I was asleep (as expected). Tonight’s menu is white stew. Nao’s stew is always amazing, so it’s one of my favorite dishes.
Asuka: "Hmm, it’s so thoroughly cooked. It tastes great!"
Nao: "Glad to hear that!"
I can hear the sound of the rain outside.
Nao: "I know it’s quite a sudden thing to ask, but here’s a little quiz. Can you guess what kind of meat I used for the stew?"
Asuka: "Uhh, okay. That is pretty sudden! Umm, chicken?"
Nao: "Yes, that’s correct! Well then, second question. What part of the chicken?"
Nao smiles at me cheerfully as she goes on asking me questions. U-umm...
Asuka: (A study meal... I didn’t see that coming!)
Well, we are nursing students after all.
Asuka: "Don’t they say you should use the thigh for things like stew? So, my answer is the thigh!"
Nao: "That’s correct! Well done! Now, next question."
Nao continues on to the next question, but...
Asuka: (Heh, how naive of you, Nao, I’m seeing right through you! The question you have in mind is "To which part of the human body does that correspond?")
Asuka: (And of course, the answer to that is the "thigh"! Too bad Nao, but this victory is mine!)
Nao: "Third question, what kind of diseases can eating chicken thigh help to prevent?"
Asuka: "Aww >_<."
I was way off.
Nao: "We learned about this, sis! In that nutrition class two weeks ago!"
Asuka: "...Uhh, I don’t remember."
Nao: "Oh, come on, weren’t you listening in class?"
Asuka: "I was, while I was imagining the delicious flavor... Oh, I’m sorry!"
I put my head down in embarrassment. Nao puts on a slightly troubled smile.
Nao: "Well, because the fat in chicken thigh contains a lot of unsaturated fatty acids which suppress cholesterol in the blood, it helps for the prevention of blood clots."
Nao: "Also, thanks to the high content of collagen and vitamin B2, it’s great for the skin as well..."
 
Asuka: "Wow. So, does that mean that if you eat this, your skin will become softer, and you’ll be more attractive?"
I’m staring at the stew and the pieces of chicken inside it.
Nao: "Well, I don’t think you’ll see the effect after just one meal..."
Asuka: "In that case, I’ll have to eat a lot of it!"
Nao: "That might be good, but keep in mind that because the chicken thigh has the highest fat content of all parts, it also contains the most calories."
Asuka: "...I don’t want to gain weight!"
Nao: "You do easily put on weight after all, don’t you?"
Nao chuckles. Having these kinds of conversations like we usually have, we’re like our usual selves. It makes me think that nothing’s going to change, but...
Asuka: "...Hey, Nao..."
About halfway through the meal, I put down my spoon.
Asuka: "Do you remember that time...?"
Nao: "...? Remember what time?"
Asuka: "You know, that time when we were in second grade of junior high school, when I was in hospital."
When Nao used to be a bad girl, that time when she was called out by that group of punks. I went out in her stead and got beaten up really badly, which put me in hospital for a while. It was the moment that brought forth the sisterly connection we now have.
Nao: "Yes, I remember. What about it?"
Nao used to be like a little doll around that time, and her eyes had been overflowing with tears. Nao took care of my every need while I was in the hospital. "Nao, you’re really my miracle drug."
...Though I didn’t really know what it meant, I said this many times throughout those days.
Asuka: "Umm..."
I’m debating inside whether I should ask her or not. Hearing about my past from Miss Itsuki, hearing about my memory loss, a number of questions have been on my mind......Because the time before I was eight years old isn’t the only period of my life I can’t remember.
Nao: "I remember when you were in hospital. What about it?"
Nao’s eyes are fixed on me. I can’t tell from her eyes whether she’s trying to read into what I’m thinking or not. I can’t tell whether she’s trying to see through me or not. It’s mysterious, the way she’s looking at me.
Asuka: "Do you remember how you used to peel apples for me? It was a real challenge at first, but you immediately got good at it."
Nao: "Yes, I had never done that before then."
Asuka: "I’ve still never peeled an apple, hehe."
Nao: "...Is that really something you should boast about? It’s easy, you know? Once you’ve got the hang of it."
Nao: "Instead of moving the knife, you just have to move the hand in which you’re holding the apple."
Asuka: "I see....Oh, well, that’s not really what I wanted to talk about, umm..."
Asuka: "I have this sense that while I was in hospital that time, I would sometimes have these strange dreams. But I can’t remember them..."
Asuka: "Did I ever talk to you about those?"
Nao: "...Strange dreams?"
Asuka: "Yes. I can’t really explain it well..."
Nao: "Hmm... I’m not sure, I don’t remember it that well either."
Asuka: "I see....Oh, and another thing."
Nao: "Yes?"
Asuka: "The night before I left the hospital, you also stayed in my hospital room, and... we slept together, didn’t we?"
 
Nao: "They gave me a simple attendant’s bed to sleep in, though."
Asuka: "Oh, really? Do you remember anything from that night?"
I don’t have any memories from it.
Nao: "Why would you ask about that?"
Asuka: "Well... Haha, I got this sense that we talked about something important, but I can’t remember anything about it at all."
Asuka: "It seems as if my memory of that night has gone entirely missing. A part of me kind of wonders what it is we talked about that time."
 It’s completely gone. The time I was in hospital was a precious memory for both of us. So I remember almost everything about it, but... But in a very strange way... you could say in an unnatural way, I don’t have any memories at all from that night before I left the hospital. I had never made a big deal about it. I just thought I was the kind of person who had a bad memory. But now, after finding out so many things......I can’t help but feel that it has some significance.
Asuka: (And a part of me thinks that Nao might know about it.)
Nao: "...Hm."
Nao shifts her gaze towards the curtains.
Nao: "Listen to the sound of the rain, sis."
Her eyes seem to be looking somewhere far away, and there’s nostalgia in her voice. I tilt my head towards the sound of the rain.
Asuka: "Well, yeah. It’s rainy season after all."
Nao: "That time you were in hospital, it was rainy season too, and it really rained a lot."
Asuka: "Yes, that’s true. Right before the summer holiday, was it?"
Nao: "Yeah, it rained almost every single day. I always had to come to the hospital with my umbrella."
Asuka: "Yes, right, I remember!"
I remember what Nao looked like as she came to visit me at the hospital every day.
Nao: "Because you were in your room the whole time. By the time you left the hospital, the rainy season had finished."
Asuka: "Every time... well, almost every time, you came with a different umbrella. I remember thinking how stylish you were."
 
Nao: "...That’s because..."
Hm? For some reason, there’s an expression of embarrassment on Nao’s face.
Nao: "...Because I often lost my umbrella. I didn’t pay that much attention to my belongings..."
Asuka: "Oh... the forgetful type. So that’s why..."
I can’t help but laugh a little.
Asuka: "Huh? But, you have a lot of different umbrellas don’t you? You’re just keeping one here, but didn’t you have all kinds of umbrellas at home...?"
Nao: "Yes, I collect them. But that fascination with umbrellas started then."
Nao: "Having always had to buy a new one after losing my previous one, I came to realize how there’s so many kinds of umbrellas..."
Nao: "I often lost even my favorite umbrellas, though... But I really am fond of umbrellas."
Asuka: "Fond of umbrellas, huh...?"
I mutter this, thinking to myself how I don’t get it at all. 
Nao: "Come on, don’t say it like that!"
Asuka: "Hehe."
Nao: "Umbrellas are really amazing, because after all, you could get totally soaked if you don’t have one."
Asuka: "...Well, that’s true."
Nao: "And it doesn’t just protect you from rain, but from strong sunrays as well."
Nao: "There’s like a small little world under the umbrella, and the umbrella keeps this little world safe. It’s really great when you think about it!"
Asuka: "Wow... Umbrella philosophy..."
Nao: "You just don’t understand how amazing umbrellas really are."
Asuka: "Th-that’s not true."
Hearing Nao talk about it like that, last year’s rainy season comes to mind, when we were in our first year. That time when my folding umbrella blew away, and Miss Sakuya invited me to walk under hers. The small world under an umbrella... Yes, I feel like I understand.
Asuka: "—Huh?"
I tilt my head.
Asuka: "Huh, why are we having a conversation about umbrellas again?"
Nao: "Oh, it’s my fault. It’s because I started talking about the rain. Umm, you were talking about the last night before you left the hospital, right?"
Asuka: "Oh, right, exactly!"
Nao might have been trying to dodge my questions... or I guess not. She’s the one who brought the conversation back on point, after all.
Asuka: (I wonder why she started talking about umbrellas then...)
Nao: "Yes, I remember. I remember it very well."
Asuka: "Oh, really?"
Nao: "Do you really want to know, no matter what?"
Asuka: "Huh? Hmm..."
Nao looks at me again with that mysterious gaze. Asking me like that... if I want to know "no matter what,"
I’m not sure about it anymore. But it’s a reality that this part of my memory is missing. It’s just so puzzling. And I have no idea whatsoever what the meaning is behind it.
Asuka: "It’s not like... I need to know, no matter what, but..."
Asuka: (I wonder why she asked me that way... using the wording "no matter what.")
What puzzles me the most, is the way Nao emphasized it so much... How she seems to be trying to test me.
Nao: "Hey, sis..."
Nao’s tone suddenly changes, and there’s now a kind of mischievous shine in her eyes.
Nao: "Why don’t we go on a date together?"
Asuka: "Huh? A date?"
Nao: "Yes, a date! Okay?"
Asuka: "Umm..."
A date, doesn’t that just mean going out somewhere together? But we do that all the time.
Asuka: "Like, going shopping together?"
Nao: "No, a date! A date, as in a date! Let’s go on a date!"
Using the word four times in a single breath, Nao piles on the pressure.
Asuka: "You’re so aggressive! Umm..."
As she notices that I’m not quite following along...
Nao: "...You don’t want to...?"
Her expression turns sad. I can’t date my sister... Sure, of course!
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s not that I don’t want to! Not at all!"
How could I possibly dislike that?
Nao: "That’s a relief..."
Nao looks deeply relieved, from the bottom of her heart.
Asuka: "But, we’re sisters after all, so... calling it a ‘date’..."
Yes, we are sisters after all.
Asuka: "But I wouldn’t mind going out shopping with you or something like that..."
I speak hesitatingly.
Nao: "I see..."
Nao looks very disappointed. Her shoulders are drooped. I respond immediately.
Asuka: "Oh, no, I think it’s a great idea after all! Yes, let’s go on a date!"
W-well, I suppose it’s just a matter of wording...
Nao: "Really? Yay, I’m so glad!"
Nao’s expression changes again, as if a switch has been flipped... Huh?
Nao: "Alright, I’ll come up with a schedule and a plan, then!"
Asuka: "S-sure."
Nao: "Hehe, a date with my big sister, I’m so happy! I’m looking forward to it so much!"
For the remaining duration of our dinner, Nao keeps going on and on about the date. Well, since Nao seems so glad about it, I suppose I’m happy about it as well. After the meal, Nao stands up.
Nao: "I’ll take care of the clean-up. Why don’t you have some tea, sis?"
Asuka: "Sure."
Nao: "I’m so looking forward to our date!"
I haven’t seen Nao so innocent and joyful in a long time. 
Asuka: "Ahaha, me too."
Nao stacks the things on the table and goes on to carry it all to the kitchen.
Nao: "...’Cause after all, it’ll be our first and last date."
====================scr00407.kgo====================
...Around this time, I hear from Miss Sakuya that she’ll be "voluntarily repeating the year."
Ever since her mother died, her situation at home still hasn’t settled down, and she’s continued to miss a lot of classes. At first, she tried to make up for it with tons of supplementary classes, but there were limits to that as well... So, that’s why she made the decision. Of course, I’m disappointed to hear it.
Sakuya: "I made this decision because I think it’s the best solution. So don’t look at me like that."
Miss Sakuya speaks to me with conviction in her voice. Then, on a free day during the same week, at 10 AM, in front of the station... The rainy season has ended, and I look up at a blue sky.
Asuka: "A big sister going on a date with her little sister, huh...?"
I’m waiting for Nao in front of the station. Nao left the dorm before me, telling me that she’ll meet me at the station after a little detour.
Asuka: "Though it’s a date, we do live in the same place, so we might as well have left the room together... Nao insisted that we start our date after a rendezvous, and I do understand that."
Asuka: "...Uh, calling it a date like that is making me nervous now."
My nerves are starting to get the best of me. No, no, it’s just a day out with my sister! Thinking about it like that makes it so much easier. Like going shopping, or going for a walk... But... a ‘date’? Practically it’s the same thing, but just by changing the way you call it, it becomes so, so... The Big Date!!!
Asuka: "No, no...!"
Thinking about it like that just once, my nerves are going completely out of control!
Asuka: "Snnnff, haaah, snnnff, haaah..."
I breathe deeply in and out.
Asuka: "Be cool, be cool."
I repeat to myself again and again to calm down.
Asuka: "...Take it easy, play it cool, Asuka Osachi!"
Nao: "I love it when you’re cool, sis! (Clap clap clap)!"
Asuka: "Eek!!!"
I hear Nao’s voice from behind me. I jump up in surprise.
Nao: "Hehe."
Asuka: "N-Nao... You really surprised me there...!"
Nao: "Hm... I usually always take care not to do that, but if you want to take the cool and tough road, I figured I could make an exception today."
Asuka: "...No, let’s not take that road! Let me take my words back!"
Nao: "Sorry to keep you waiting, sis."
Nao looks at me cheerfully with a radiant smile.
Asuka: "Don’t worry, I didn’t have to wait. You came right on time!"
Nao: "Hehe, then maybe I should have taken a longer detour, to have you wait for me a little."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Nao: "But, didn’t we promise? When either of us comes late, to respond with ‘I only just arrived anyway.’"
Asuka: "...That’s so corny. Do you like that sort of thing, Nao?"
Nao: "Hmm... well, maybe today, I’m feeling like corny wouldn’t be so bad. Look, even the sky looks corny!"
Asuka: "A corny sky? That’s the first time I’ve ever heard someone say that."
Nao: "Well, that’s how it feels to me, so it’s okay to call it that. Anyway, let’s go, sis."
Asuka: "Though you say let’s go, I don’t have any clue where it is we’re going."
She didn’t tell me a single thing about today’s plans.
Nao: "Yes, I thought it would be more fun if you didn’t know. Hehehe, today is going to be amazing!"
Asuka: "A-alright."
Nao: "We’ll first go to the other side of the world, and then we’ll come back, all on the same day."
Asuka: "What are you, some kind of witch!?"
Nao: "I’m just kidding!"
Asuka: "Hehe, I thought so."
Nao: "Of course. For now, let’s just do some window shopping and take a walk around."
Asuka: "Wasn’t that what you have just been doing...?"
Nao: "Whoah, you mustn’t say such a thing, sis... Bad, bad girl..."
Asuka: "Huhh!?"
Nao: "Taking a walk on your own and going for a walk on a date are two totally different things. It’s so different that the usual scenery feels almost as if you’re on the other side of the world."
Asuka: "That’s a good point you’re making..."
Nao: "Isn’t it? Well, let’s go then, sis."
Nao takes my hand as she says this. Our date is finally starting.
Asuka: (Nao looks like she’s having a lot of fun.)
There’s no mistaking the fact that she looks so joyful that she almost seems to be floating. "...’Cause after all, it’ll be our first and our last date."
I never asked her what she meant by that. A part of me thinks that maybe... I misheard what she said. A part of me that wants to think so... "Our first and last date..."
Doesn’t that sound almost as if... we’ll never see each other again?
Nao: "Let’s take pictures at a picture booth, sis!"
It’s the kind of date where we fulfill corny cliché after corny cliché.
Nao: "Oh, look, a crepe shop! Let’s have a crepe!"
First pictures and now crepes... It doesn’t get much more clichéd than that. Nao has been in an excellent mood the whole day. Going window shopping, having lunch at a little cafe. While playing some games at a little game center, I lose the sense of being on a ‘date’, and get into the feeling of just having a good time with Nao. Spending time together like this, laughing the whole time. It’s around the evening, in front of the station, that I notice Nao is acting a little strange.
Asuka: "Thanks for waiting!"
I just return from the bathroom at the station.
Nao: "..."
Nao is looking at her smartphone . She’s staring intently at the display. 
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao: "Oh, sis, you’re back."
Asuka: "Did you get a message?"
Nao: "Yeah, from Miss Itsuki. She’s asking me about some part of our homework which she doesn’t understand."
Asuka: "I see..."
"Watch out for your little sister."
Miss Itsuki’s words pass through my mind.
Asuka: (Don’t think about it, at least not now!)
Asuka: "What shall we do next? It’s still a little early for dinner..."
Nao: "How about going to school?"
Asuka: "Um, school, as in... Teito Academy ?"
Nao: "Haha, what other school is there?"
Asuka: "Sure, I don’t mind. Though we do go there every day..."
Nao: "Remember ‘the other side of the world,’ sis."
Nao speaks in a teasing way, suggesting that if we go there on a date, it’ll be special.
Asuka: "Oh, right. Okay then, let’s go!"
And like that, we head to school, the same place we go every day.
Kaede: "Oh, Asuka and Nao."
Walking through the hallway, we come across Ms. Ohara dressed in her white uniform.
Nao: "Hello, Ms. Ohara."
Asuka: "Good evening."
Kaede: "Good evening. Are the two of you... doing some nursing skills practice?"
Nao: "No, Ms. Ohara, we are here on a date."
Nao replies without a trace of embarrassment.
Kaede: "Oh, a date? Well, that’s very important too, so I wish you two the best of luck!"
Nao: "Thank you."
Ms. Ohara continues on through the hallway.
Kaede: "...Huh!? A ‘date’!?"
About ten seconds after passing us by, we hear Ms. Ohara raising her voice in shock. Umm...  Nao turns back to her with a spin.
Nao: "Yes, a date with my beloved sister!"
Nao grabs on to my arm and speaks with full confidence and no hesitation. It feels like an open declaration.
Kaede: "......Ahhh, well... Enjoy."
Ms. Ohara utters just a few words before walking off. Oh my, we might have created some confusion there. Oh well...
Asuka: "Oh, it’s the training room ..."
Nao: "Yes, sis, it’s the training room ."
Whenever we’ve come here for nursing skills classes and for independent practice, we’ve always been wearing our training uniforms. Entering the training room with my own clothes makes me feel a little uncomfortable. Apart from hospital training , this is the place where we’ve been getting the most actual nursing practice. ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ The scribble on the last page of the picture book, in my handwriting. Messy letters, written large and proud.
Nao: "It doesn’t feel quite right, coming here in our own clothes."
Asuka: "Oh, I was just thinking the same thing!"
Nao: "Hehe."
Asuka: "Hehe."
Thinking the same thing, we exchange looks and have a little laugh.
Nao: "Let’s check out the roof."
Nao suggests, looking up at the ceiling. Nao opens the heavy door and walks onto the rooftop.
Nao: "Hmm, the wind feels so good!"
I follow Nao’s example.
Asuka: "You’re right, and the sunset looks gorgeous!"
Nao: "Doesn’t it?"
Nao walks to the center of the rooftop, visibly enjoying the sensation.
Nao: "Hmmm..."
Nao is looking all around her on the rooftop, like she’s never seen it before.
Asuka: "Is it the first time you’ve come up here?"
Nao: "No. On the day of the school festival , I was the one who found you here, lying on the ground..."
Asuka: "Oh, right. I forgot. I was unconscious, after all."
That time when I was stabbed in the stomach... Or no, when I collapsed due to anemia. After Miss Sakuya kissed me.
Asuka: "About this ‘I’m gonna be a nurse’ thing..."
I’m not sure why I had the idea to ask her about it again. I found the picture book when we were in third grade of senior high school, at the time when we had to decide our future studies. I had already asked Nao if she knew anything about it at the time, to which she replied that she didn’t. It was the moment when I made the decision about my future. They were the words that started it all.
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "You know, the thing that was written on the last page of that picture book, ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars .’"
Nao: "Oh, that scribble?"
Asuka: "Yeah, you don’t have any idea why I wrote that there when I was little, do you?"
Nao: "No, I don’t."
Her answer is the same as before.
Nao: "But, maybe..."
Against the background of the setting sun, Nao smiles. A calm, fleeting sort of smile, which in a way... also makes her look as if she were about to cry.
Nao: "...It could be that you might have wanted to become a nurse not for the sake of ‘something’, but rather for ‘someone’."
As she smiles, she exudes a calm, faraway vibe. Once again, she seems like someone I don’t know.
Asuka: (Who is she...?)
She isn’t a child of the Osachi family, and she isn’t my little sister either... And based on Miss Itsuki’s story about the laboratory... she’s wasn’t one of the children in the facility where we were either. "I’m no god."
...And she isn’t a god, either.
Asuka: (Who are you then...?)
By the time we get back to the dorm, night has already fallen. That night, we sleep together in the same bed. Nao was the one who asked if she could sleep with me. As a finishing touch to our date. We each take a bath in turn, and change into our pajamas. After all, we walked a lot all day, and we’re exhausted, so we go to bed immediately. We switch off the lights, and the room goes dark. In the lower of the two bunks, my bed... Me and Nao, older and younger sister, are facing each other, as if we’re sharing secrets.
Nao: "..."
A faint sliver of moonlight touches us from the space between the curtains.
Nao: "..."
Nao is looking me in the eyes. Though she’s so close to me, I don’t have the slightest idea what she could be thinking. Nao Osachi, my little sister. My ‘miracle drug,’ my ‘sweet sister.’
Asuka: (Why did she want to go on a date with me?)
Nao: "Sis..."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Nao: "...Oh, nothing."
Asuka: "Okay."
Asuka: (Why did she call it "our first and our last date"?)
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "Yeah..."
She’s always been closer to me than anyone else. Like two stars grouped together in the night sky. The two of us, forever and ever...
Asuka: "Hey, Nao... Who are you?"
There wasn’t any curiosity, inquisitiveness, or desire to know in my question.
Nao: "—"
Nao keeps silent, as a faint smile plays on her lips. A calm, faraway kind of smile.
Nao: "Hm, I wonder..."
She speaks in a mysterious way................................................................
Asuka: "Uhh..."
It is still night when I wake up. The room is dark. Just the subtle, subtle moonlight...
Asuka: "Hmm... huh?"
Nao isn’t in my bed anymore.
Asuka: "Nao?"
For some reason, a shiver runs up my spine. I stand up from the bed in distress. I check the upper bed. No sign of Nao there either. I check the bathroom, but the light isn’t on. She’s not there either.
Asuka: "...Huh, then, where is she?"
I check the time. It’s two o’clock in the morning, still the middle of the night....Where could she be at a time like this?
Asuka: "...Hmm..."
The reason why I opened the curtains... It wasn’t because I had a premonition about anything. I just wanted to let the moonlight into the room, because it was so dark. I realize that I might just as well have switched on the lights.
Asuka: "Oh..."
But then...
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao’s silhouette catches my eye. From the window, I can see Nao walking off, in front of the dorm.  She’s changed from her pajamas into normal clothes. Go after her I’m too sleepy
Asuka: "—!"
And before I can even consider where she might be going or what she might be up to... I charge out of the room.
Asuka: "Oh, she’s just going for a walk? Phew... Let’s go back to sleep then."
...I head back to bed.
Asuka: "...What am I doing!? Going back to sleep!? What kind of an idiot am I!?"
Panicking, I storm out of the room. Since I didn’t have the time to change, I’m still in my pajamas. I run through the deserted hallways. Making it outside the dorm, I run after Nao. The thought crosses my mind that she might already be too far off, but the next moment, I see her silhouette in the distance. The direction she’s walking...
Asuka: "...She’s heading to school?"
Why would she be going to school at this time?
Asuka: (I don’t know, I really don’t know, but...)
Asuka: "...I can’t just leave her be."
I open the door to the rooftop.
Asuka: "Nao...?"
I follow Nao up the stairs, but there’s no trace of her on the rooftop.
Asuka: "Huh? She’s not here?"
Looking for any sign of Nao, I step forward. I can see the city lights far away. I look up at the stars. The moon is shining brightly as well.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "Ahh, so you came."
Her voice is coming from behind me.
Asuka: "Huh!?"
I try to look back, but the same instant, the world is turning in front of my eyes. My feet are swept away and I stumble to the ground. Before I realize what’s happening, I’m grabbed by the arms... My arms are pulled behind my back, and I can feel some rope being tied around my hands.
Nao: "Why are you being such a naughty girl, sis? Walking around so late at night..."
Bam! I’m struck on the side of my face.
Asuka: (Huhhhhh—!!?)
Nao: "Something really must be done with you."
Asuka: "H-h-hey, N-Nao!? What’s the meaning of this?"
I struggle against the rope.
Nao: "No, don’t move."
Nao places her foot forcefully onto my face.
Asuka: "O-ouch, ouch!"
With both hands tied behind my back, I can hardly move my body anymore.
Nao: "I actually prepared this for Miss Itsuki... You’re complicating the situation, sis."
Asuka: "...For Miss Itsuki?"
Nao: "Yes. It looks like she found out all about me. So I called her here."
Asuka: "Found out all about you...?"
Nao: "Don’t act like you don’t know anything about it. About who I am."
"Hey, Nao... Who are you?"
She’s no daughter of the Osachi family, and no child of the facility either.
Nao: "Well, I guess it doesn’t matter whether I take care of one or two people."
Nao: "Hm, I suppose I have about 30 minutes before Miss Itsuki shows up..."
Asuka: "What do you mean by ‘take care’!? Nao, move your foot! Move it, move it! I order you as your older sister!"
As a last resort, I repeat it again and again, "I order you as your older sister!"
Nao: "Tsk, didn’t I tell you not to move?"
Nao adds more weight to her foot. My last resort didn’t work out.
Asuka: "Ow, ow, oww! Uhh..."
Nao: "This is what I mean by taking care of you. I’ll go inside your head and erase your memories."
Asuka: "What... are you talking about, Nao!?"
Nao: "Hm, didn’t you hear me? I said I’m going to erase those memories that don’t suit me."
Nao: "I’ll also have you forget that I did any of this to you. So from tomorrow on, we’ll be the two sisters we’ve always been."
Asuka: "Erasing memories...? What are you talking about?"
Nao: "I have the power to do so. I have special ‘powers’."
...Special ‘powers’? That’s what the laboratory was researching, according to Miss Itsuki’s story. But she said Nao wasn’t part of this laboratory.
Nao: "Miss Itsuki was puzzled by the fact that there wasn’t any child like me, wasn’t she?"
Nao speaks as if she’s reading my mind, almost amused.
Nao: "It’s obvious, though, why I wasn’t in any of the laboratory’s data."
Nao: "That’s because I was a ‘special case’, different from you, Miss Sakuya or Miss Itsuki."
Nao: "This laboratory was a facility which was originally created for me, you see. Just for me."
Asuka: "Just... for you...?"
Nao: "Yes, all the tests which were done on you and the others, were all..."
Nao: "It was all in order to help me develop my ‘powers’."
It all sounds so crazy, I can’t follow along with what Nao is saying.
Nao: "My existence was top secret. Even within the laboratory, the only one who knew about me was the founder."
Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam... Her magical charm to cure my headache. Her magical forehead touch. Nao’s ‘powers’. Healing hands ... The real thing?
Nao: "Oh, but don’t worry, I’ve already gone into your head twice. It’s an easy thing."
Asuka: "...!"
I feel as if my heart just stopped. Gone into my head twice... to erase my memories? I’ve experienced memory loss two times. The memories from before I was eight years old, and that last night inside the hospital. I can’t believe it! I don’t want to believe it!
Asuka: "Th-then..."
Nao: "Yes, I’m the one who made you lose those memories."
Asuka: "You have to be kidding! Why would you do that!?"
Nao: "Why, you ask? Because you were suffering. At least the first time."
Nao: "After the fire at the laboratory, I secretly did all kinds of things to make sure we were taken in together by the Osachi family."
Nao: "After we became accepted as kids of the Osachi family... you were having nightmares every night about the fire."
Nao: "So I erased the memories for you. I had the best of intentions. Then, the second time, at the hospital..."
Nao stays silent for a moment. It somehow seems like an unnatural silence.
Nao: "...Your memories were coming back, so I erased them all again."
Her voice seems to have a faint tremble to it.
Nao: "That’s enough talk. Now, why don’t we get it over with?"
Asuka: "...!?"
Nao lifts her foot from my face.
Nao: "I love you the most when you don’t know anything about the truth, when you can’t do anything without me, when you’re easy for me to handle."
Nao: "I’ll turn you back into the sister I’m used to, okay?"
Asuka: "No, stop!"
Unable to stand up, I wriggle myself away from her, like a caterpillar. I try to escape. Of course, my resistance is futile.
Nao: "Okay, on your back."
Nao comes at me from behind and flips me over with her foot. I look up at Nao. Behind her... there’s the starry sky.
Nao: "Bye bye, sis."
Nao’s hand reaches towards me. She touches me on the forehead. I can’t shake it off. For just an instant... Nao’s face looks as if she’s about to break into tears.
Asuka: (No...!)
I squeeze my eyes shut in fear of what’s about to happen. Not knowing what to expect, I just close my eyes tight..............................................
Asuka: (...Huh?)
Puzzled by the fact that I don’t sense any particular change, I carefully open my eyes.
Nao: "...Tsk... Just as I thought, it’s not working..."
Nao’s expression seems somewhat troubled as I look at her.
Asuka: "It didn’t... work...?"
Nao: "After going to all the trouble of getting hold of the medicine and taking so much of it..."
Asuka: "Medicine...?"
I can see the white bottle in my mind’s eye. "It’s just a nutritional supplement."
"Don’t drink from it, alright?"
Asuka: (After going to all the trouble of getting hold of it...?)
In my mind, Nao’s words are overlapping with the voice I heard in the phone call from that ‘wrong number’. "I think you know as well as I do that I went to a lot of trouble to get hold of that."
Since the autumn of last year, Nao has started doing things more on her own. Might it be that...?
Nao: "...(Cough, cough)!"
Nao suddenly starts coughing.
Asuka: "Huh, Nao?"
Nao: "(Cough! Cough!) —Ughh!"
Nao starts to vomit, and among the normal stomach content, there’s something strange. I can make out countless little capsules. A sour smell rises from Nao’s vomit.
Nao: "(Cough, cough)!"
Asuka: "Nao... Is that your... medicine?"
Nao: "It’s a stimulant for mind activity... though it’s not good for the body... It enhances special ‘powers’... but it didn’t work."
Nao: "As I had feared, I can’t use my ‘powers’ anymore. You can’t enhance ‘powers’ that have been reduced to zero, unfortunately—"
"I’m no god."
Asuka: "You lost your ‘powers’...?"
Nao: "That time when you almost died... I used up a huge amount of my powers."
I’m reminded of Miss Itsuki’s words. "And if there were such a ‘power’ that could defy death like that..."
"Having such a ‘power’ would be like having the power of a god."
"—I’m no god."
Asuka: (Did she mean that... she’s not a god ‘anymore’?)
After using up all of her ‘powers’ to save me...
Nao: "I need to take more medicine, more, more... Wait a moment, sis."
Nao picks her medicine bottle from her pocket and brings it to her mouth as if she’s about to gulp it all down.
Asuka: "D-don’t do that, Nao! Didn’t you say it’s bad for your body!?"
Nao: "That doesn’t matter! (Cough, cough, cough)!"
Nao starts coughing up more of her stomach content, but she forcefully tries to keep it down.
Nao: "Because after all, your memories..."
Nao starts to speak, but then breaks off mid-sentence. It’s strange.
Asuka: (She already tried to erase my memories...)
Asuka: (So there should be no reason for her to hesitate speaking about it. If she’s hesitating...)
Asuka: (That means she must be hiding something...)
"...Your memories were coming back, so I erased them all again."
A tremble in her voice. "Bye bye, sis."
A moment when Nao looks as if she is about to break into tears. Nao hasn’t told me everything. She hasn’t told me the truth behind everything. What would that be...?
Asuka: (I have to know! I have to remember!)
But what can I do...?
Nao: "(Cough, cough), hnnng..."
She presses her hand to her lips and forcefully tries to keep everything inside. The medicine. The medicine which enhances powers. Miss Itsuki said I was a failure, that I never manifested any ‘powers’, but that I did have the disposition...
Asuka: "...If that’s the case!"
Though my hands are still tied behind my back, using all of my might, I somehow manage to stand up. 
Nao: "Sis!?"
Asuka: "Never underestimate your big sister—!!!"
I throw myself into Nao with the full force of my body. I launch her towards the wall of the staircase building. Nao’s back smashes into the wall.
Asuka: "Hruaaa!"
Though with my hands still tied behind my back, I come at her with full force.
Nao: "—!?"
Nao takes a gulp of air while I’m coming at her with what seems like a full force head-butt.
Asuka: "—Angggh!"
I kiss her. I forcefully place my lips onto hers, and start sucking. I suck the content out of her mouth. I suck up her vomit, as well as the medicine capsules mixed in it. It’s a desperate measure. In fact, there’s nothing more desperate I could do.
Nao: "—!?!? Hmph! Hmmnn—!!!"
Nao tries to resist, but she can’t manage to push me away from her. She then tries to escape my lips by turning her head away.
Nao: "...Eww, that’s so gross, sis! And more importantly—Hngggh!?"
Asuka: "—!"
Once again, I forcefully push my mouth up against her mouth. I suck it in. I would never consider Nao’s vomit as gross. The sour taste enters my throat, along with the capsules. I swallow.
Asuka: "Phuah! Your lips are mine, Nao, and your medicine as well."
Nao: "No, sis! Spit it out! Please spit it out! This medicine is dangerous—!"
Asuka: "Not gonna happen. It’s already in my stomach anyway."
If it’s really true that I have even only the faintest disposition for this ‘power’... And if it were possible to use this ‘power’ to recover memories that were once erased through this ‘power’... It’s all just a big hypothesis, just a huge arbitrary hypothesis, but still...
Asuka: (If it’s for the sake of my crying little sister—! I don’t mind risking my life for it!)
Asuka: "Now then, it’s time to wake up, oh ‘powers’ inside of—"
And the moment I make this inner declaration...
Asuka: "—?"
I start getting a hazy sensation inside my head. An unexplainably horrific sensation. What is this...!?  And then, the next moment. In a single instant—
Asuka: "—!!?"
A feeling as if my mind has suddenly burst into shreds. A sensation as if I’m being smashed in the head. I...
Little Asuka: "Alright, let’s call you ‘Nao’! Yes, this will be your name!"
I...
Little Asuka: "Do you know what a ‘nurse’ is? Nurses are really powerful and cool superheroes!"
I...
Little Asuka: "I’ll become a ‘nurse’, so I can protect you, Sakuya! What do you think of that!?"
The little me at the facility, and then the time when I just started going to junior high school, when I was in hospital.
High School Asuka: "How...!? How could I forget about something so important!?"
The memories... —I remember all of them now!
Asuka: "Ahh..."
As I regain consciousness, I find myself lying on the rooftop....With a killer headache. Nao is right beside me, and my arms are no longer tied behind my back.
Asuka: "Nao...?"
Nao: "Sis? Oh, sis!"
Nao’s eyes are overflowing with tears.
Asuka: "Aha, you’re so adorable."
I stand up. I wonder if it’s due to the medicine that my arms and legs are feeling so heavy.
Asuka: "My head feels so weird..."
Nao: "Of course your head feels weird! It could have been much worse!"
Asuka: "I really used to love superheroes, didn’t I?"
Nao: "..."
It seems like Nao understands everything from just this one sentence.
Asuka: "I used to look up to powerful and cool superheroes... and mistook ‘nurses’ for superheroes..."
Nao: "You... recovered all of your memories..."
Asuka: "Yes, all of them."
All the memories from life at the facility. The person whom I wanted to become a ‘nurse’ for.
Asuka: "Even though the adults treated me like garbage, I didn’t care, living my every day as a mischievous kid. I used to tease Itsuki a lot, and Sakuya was often annoyed with me..."
Nao: "Yeah..."
Asuka: "And the first time I met you was at night, wasn’t it? I snuck off on my own at night, and found this girl I’d never seen before..."
It was in a cold corridor, with only very faint lighting.
Little Asuka: "...??? I’ve never seen you around before."
Little Nao: "...That’s because I’m usually kept in isolation. There are almost no people who know about me."
Little Asuka: "Isolation? Oh, my name is Asuka, by the way. What about you? What’s your name?"
Little Nao: "My name...? No..."
Little Asuka: "Huh? Nao? —Your name is ‘Nao’?"
Little Nao: "No, I don’t have a name."
Little Asuka: "Oh, no name? That’s so weird!"
Little Nao: "..."
Little Asuka: "Hmm, but, it will be hard to speak to you if you don’t have a name....Alright, let’s call you ‘Nao’! Yes, this will be your name!"
Little Nao: "Nao?"
Little Asuka: "Yeah, I already called you that once anyway, so let’s just keep it at that."
Little Nao: "...Do as you like."
That was our first meeting. Nao used to look like a little doll.
Asuka: "Ahaha... I was the one who gave you your name!"
 
Nao: "Yeah, just because you misheard what I said."
Asuka: "I’m sorry, I’m sorry! You can still change it now if you like, you know?"
Nao: "...It’s fine."
Nao shakes her head. And then... I recovered more than just the memories from my life inside the facility. There was also the memory from the last night I spent in hospital when I was in junior high school.
Asuka: "I remember what happened that last night when I was in hospital."
When I was in hospital, I started having strange dreams. I think they must have been triggered by the shock I experienced from getting beaten up by those punks. A sea of flames that engulfed my whole field of vision. And there I was, continuously crying out someone’s name. I understand now that it was the memory from the time that the facility went up in flames. The name I was crying out was Miss Sakuya’s. She was the person who was most precious to me, the girl I loved, the girl who loved me. My memories that were supposed to be erased had started coming back. Just like what’s been happening recently.
Asuka: "That last night, I remembered about Sakuya. I remembered how precious she used to be to me..."
I talked about it to Nao, who was at the side of my hospital bed.
High School Asuka: "How...!? How could I forget about something so important!? —How could I forget about Sakuya!?"
Even now, I can clearly recall the expression on Nao’s face when I asked her that.
High School Nao: "—"
The expression on her face was one of fear.
Nao: "I was scared... We had only just started to get along as real sisters, and I thought I was going to lose you again."
Nao: "I was afraid... that you’d leave me for Miss Sakuya. So—"
Nao was much younger than she is now... and her face was a picture of desperation.
High School Nao: "There’s no need to remember that, sis."
High School Asuka: "What are you talking about, Nao!?"
High School Nao: "Don’t worry, I’ll make you forget about it again. It’s better if you just forget about all of that..."
The Nao in front of me looks emotionally crushed by the things she did.
Nao: "The first time was when you were suffering every night from nightmares about the fire. I did it for your sake."
Nao: "But the second time... I erased your memories again for the sake of my own ego. In order to keep you as my sister."
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "I wanted to make you forget, in order to go back to how things were between us before, but... it was never the same again."
Nao: "Because, after all, because of my ego... just for the sake of my ego, I took away your most precious memories."
Nao: "Being with you was so comfortable and fun."
Nao: "But the longer that went on... the stronger the feeling grew inside of me... that I didn’t have the right to be with you."
Asuka: "—"
I can’t help but listen silently to Nao’s confession.
Nao: "After I met Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki at the Open Campus Day , and after you all met each other again..."
Nao: "I kind of started losing sense of who I really am... And I started doing all kinds of things behind your back to keep you from finding out the truth."
Nao: "But there’s also been a part of me that... has been waiting for the moment that this hidden part of me would become exposed."
Yeah, she did sometimes say things that seemed to indicate she supported how I felt about Sakuya... And then at other times she’d take an opposite stance. I definitely had this feeling... that something was strange.
Nao: "And, about the magical charm I’ve been doing to help you with your headaches..."
Asuka: "Umm, yes?"
‘Yawa Og Niap Eht Ekam.’
Nao: "Well, erasing those memories a second time after they came back was a reckless thing to do, and your health wasn’t that robust to begin with."
Nao: "In general, your memories would start to come back about once per year. That’s the cause of those headaches."
Nao: "For this reason, under the pretense of doing a magical charm for you... I tightened the lid on those memories. But since my powers had disappeared, I couldn’t do that anymore."
So that was the meaning behind Nao’s tears that time.
Nao: "I’m a cruel sister, right? ...Or no, I’m not even really your sister. Just a cruel girl."
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "...I don’t want you to forgive me."
Nao speaks to me in a frail way, with a sense of hopelessness in her eyes.
Nao: "You mustn’t forgive me, because after all, it was all my fault. It was all my fault."
Nao: "It’s my fault that you forgot about what really happened, about the things that were so precious to you."
Nao: "And I did it all for my own sake. You mustn’t forgive such a despicable thing. You shouldn’t forgive me...!"
Sounding as if she could break into tears at any moment, Nao asks me again and again not to forgive her. I— Forgive her Don’t forgive her
====================scr00408.kgo====================
I’ve made my resolution. There’s no other answer for me. I speak to her.
Asuka: "I don’t forgive you, Nao. Of course I don’t."
Nao: "Ah—"
Asuka: "‘Cause after all..."
I’m about to explain myself, when suddenly...
Itsuki: "Exactly. You mustn’t forgive her, Dummy Girl!"
Miss Itsuki shows up on the rooftop.
Asuka: "Itsu... Miss Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "Since you remembered, you might as well just call me Itsuki. I heard everything from the stairs."
In my memories about the past, there had never been any need for expressions of politeness towards Sakuya and Itsuki.
Asuka: "...You were eavesdropping?"
Itsuki: "What are you talking about? I was the one who called Nao out here in the first place. You were the one who forced yourself into this, Dummy Girl."
...Oh, right, I guess that’s true.
Itsuki: "Well, she’s already said everything I was planning to interrogate her about."
Asuka: (Interrogate...? H-huh?)
I realize just now......The thing Itsuki’s holding in her hands. I’ve never seen this before, except for in movies or comics—
Asuka: "Itsuki... what you’re holding there... Is that a gun?"
I-it must be fake!
Itsuki: "I got my hands on it through my lab’s connections with the black market. It’s the real deal."
Asuka: "The real deal!?"
Itsuki: "Because it’s hard talking about someone without a name, let’s just call her ‘Nao’."
Itsuki: "So, Nao was a special case who was being kept like a precious treasure by Shinobu Haizawa, the founder of the Haizawa Research Center."
Itsuki: "‘Nao’ was the reason why the research center was founded, after Haizawa got her hands on her, and that’s why we had to live our lives there as guinea pigs. Haizawa died in the fire, but..."
 
Itsuki: "At the end of the day, Nao was the cause of it all."
I don’t understand what Itsuki’s trying to say.
Itsuki: "There’s no way you could ever forgive the true culprit, living here all carefree."
She points the gun at Nao.
Asuka: "Huh—!?"
Nao: "...Yes, it’s true. I understand."
Nao doesn’t show a trace of fear or surprise.
Nao: "I’m an evil, cruel girl, and I did things which cannot be forgiven... Yes, do as you please."
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao: "‘Cause after all, I won’t be able to be with my sister any longer. So go ahead..."
Itsuki: "It pisses me off, seeing you submit like this."
The gun pointed at Nao isn’t showing the slightest tremble. —I-is she serious!?
Asuka: "Wait! Don’t!"
I dash forward to put myself in between Itsuki and Nao. Still holding the gun, Itsuki’s face turns pale.
Itsuki: "Huh? Dummy Girl, what are you doing?"
Asuka: "That’s what I should be asking you! Put that gun down!"
I would have never imagined that the day would ever come where I’d have to say "Put that gun down."
Nao: "...Sis?"
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl, weren’t you just saying that you couldn’t forgive her? You realize what it is she did to you, don’t you?"
Asuka: "It’s true that I don’t forgive her, but that’s a whole different story than what you’re about to do here. I cannot allow my younger sister to be harmed!"
Itsuki: "...You’re such a fool. A gigantic fool!"
A mix of astonishment and irritation fills Itsuki’s voice. The gun is pointed at me now, but there’s no sign of Itsuki lowering it. Is she thinking... of shooting both of us?
Asuka: (It’s almost like in a movie—!)
There really is no sense of reality to all this.
Itsuki: "I’m not fooling around here!"
The only thing which looks real is the sharp look in Itsuki’s eyes. She tightens her grip on the gun in her hands.
Nao: "Don’t do it!"
Asuka: "—!"
I close my eyes instinctively, but at just that instant—
Sakuya: "Stop that, Itsuki!"
Itsuki: "...!? Princess!?"
Miss Sakuya is standing behind Itsuki. Itsuki’s eyes are wide in surprise, as Miss Sakuya steps forward to her side. Miss Sakuya places her hand gently on Itsuki’s gun hand.
Itsuki: "Princess... Why?"
Sakuya: "Stop it, Itsuki. If you insist on calling me Princess, then follow my orders."
Itsuki: "...But..."
Sakuya: "Just do it."
Itsuki hesitatingly lowers the gun.
Asuka: "Phew..."
Sakuya: "I saw Itsuki heading to school on her bike, and wondered what she could be up to at this hour..."
Miss Sakuya’s gaze alternates between me and Itsuki.
Asuka: "Miss Sa—"
I was about to call her "Miss Sakuya,"
but I hold my tongue before I finish saying it. I make an inner resolution, and speak again.
Asuka: "Sakuya..."
Sakuya: "—"
The informal way I address her seems to have painted the whole picture for her.
Sakuya: "You’ve remembered..."
Asuka: "Yes, I’ve remembered everything. I’m sorry for forgetting about you, this whole time... Even though I loved you so much... even though you were so precious to me..."
Even though I told you I’d protect you... I promised you that when we were little.
Sakuya: "Yes, this whole thing has been so awful."
She’s speaking in a bright tone, in sheer contrast to the words themselves.
Asuka: "Yeah, I’m sorry. I remember everything now, but still... I cannot go with you."
Nao: "Sis!?"
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl, you—!"
Sakuya: "...I see."
Asuka: "My place is with Nao. I’ll be with Nao forever."
Sakuya: "Yes, I understand. And I’ll be with Itsuki."
Itsuki: "Princess—!"
Sakuya: "What are you so surprised about? This is for the best. Let’s just go."
As Sakuya gracefully says this, she pulls Itsuki by the arm. And without another glance at me, they return to the school building. It’s just me and Nao again on the rooftop.
Nao: "W-why...?"
Nao’s voice is thin and weak.
Asuka: "Hm?"
Nao: "Why didn’t you go with Miss Sakuya? You remembered, right!? So why didn’t you!?"
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Nao: "You told me you couldn’t forgive me, didn’t you!?"
Asuka: "I don’t forgive you. How can I? Do you understand how awful it was of you, the things you did?"
Nao: "Then... then why...?"
It’s a rare thing for Nao to be in a position of vulnerability towards me. I look at her, take a deep breath, and tell her in one go.
Asuka: "It’s precisely because I don’t forgive you, that I have to stay with you! When a little sister does something wrong, it’s the older sister’s job to scold her little sister, and help her fix the problem!"
Asuka: "I have to be forever by your side, so I can properly scold you, and so I can keep a good eye on you, to make sure you don’t do any more naughty things!"
Asuka: "I’ll have to stay with my naughty sister Nao forever until I can make a good girl out of her!"
Nao: "You’ll stay with me... forever...?"
Nao’s eyes blink in surprise at my threatening tone of voice.
Asuka: "I will!"
I’ll be with her, not in order to rely on each other’s affection, but in order to move forward in life, together.
Nao: "B-but, we’re not real sisters! We don’t have any blood ties!"
Asuka: "Ahaha, what are you talking about?"
I laugh, while my tongue searches inside my mouth. I suffered a little cut inside my mouth when Nao stepped on my face earlier, and it’s still bleeding a little. The metallic taste of blood.
Asuka: "Blood ties, huh?"
Nao: "...???"
Asuka: "—"
I kiss Nao again. This time, I’m the one sharing myself with Nao. My blood, along with my saliva. I notice the shock on Nao’s face, and for a moment, I withdraw my lips.
Asuka: "Go ahead, drink it. —"
I put my lips to hers again, and share my saliva with her. Timidly, Nao takes in my saliva, and then, she swallows. She must have noticed the taste of blood.
Asuka: "Alright, we are now tied by blood. We’re good now."
Nao: "Ah..."
Nao’s face is completely filled with astonishment.
Asuka: "We’re true and authentic sisters now. Any complaints?"
Nao: "—Huh—?"
Nao still looks dumbfounded, but reality suddenly seems to dawn on her.
Nao: "Oh, oh, yes, I do have complaints! Because, this kind of... this kind of..."
She starts speaking, but it seems as if her words get caught in her throat.
Nao: "......"
Quickly, Nao’s eyes start overflowing with big teardrops.
Nao: "W-w-whaaaaaaaaa—aaaaaaaah!"
Crying without restraint, she runs into my arms. Of course, I don’t refuse her. I accept her as her big sister.
Nao: "Whaah, whaaa! I’m so sorry, sis, I’m so sorry!"
Asuka: "Shhhh, I know."
I caress Nao’s face. Oh, I feel so much like a big sister to her. Well, I guess it’s okay once in a while.
Asuka: "...Hm."
As I caress Nao’s face, I look up at the starry night sky. The distant, faraway starry sky. But I wonder why... Maybe in this moment, I think to myself...
Asuka: (Maybe now—)
Holding my precious little sister with my right hand, I slowly reach out with my left hand... I reach out to the starry sky.
Asuka: "Look, I feel as if I can finally reach the stars, Nao."
Not just one, but two of them—.
====================scr00409.kgo====================
Autumn of our second year—. Though summer has already passed, it’s still hot and stuffy inside the auditorium....So hot.
Asuka: "...So hot..."
Nao: "Sshhh, sis!"
Nao cautions me from the seat next to mine. The reason why it’s so hot inside the auditorium, is because the windows are closed, and we can’t switch on the air conditioning. The reason for this, is because that would blow out the candles.
Asuka: (It’s the day of the Capping Ceremony . Yes, our Capping Ceremony .)
We are seated in line in front of the platform, and seated in the line behind us, are the first-year students. Sakuya, who decided to repeat the year, is absent... that’s what they officially call it. At any rate, she didn’t come to school today either. It’s a little sad that we can’t have our Capping Ceremony together.
Kaede: "Itsuki Amato."
With a solemn voice, Ms. Ohara calls out Itsuki’s name, who is seated first in line.
Itsuki: "Yes."
Itsuki responds with a dignified voice, and walks up to the podium. I can hear the first-year students whispering to each other, impressed by Itsuki’s appearance....The rumor is that she’s really popular with the first-year girls.
Asuka: (Well, it’s true that she’s looking pretty cool...)
The principal places the nurse’s cap on her head. Then, Itsuki receives the small candle service plate from the vice principal, and proceeds towards the Nightingale statue. Itsuki receives the flame from the big candle held by the Nightingale statue to light her own candle, and proceeds to takes her place at the far end of the platform.
Asuka: (Uhhh, I’m getting nervous...!)
Two more names are called after Itsuki, and then...
Kaede: "Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Y-yes!"
I haven’t quite finished my mental preparation, so when my name is called, my response comes out a little bit clumsy.
Nao: "Calm down, sis."
Asuka: "Uh-huh."
I give Nao a small nod, and climb up to the platform. I approach the principal.
Asuka: (Umm, umm, let’s bend down a little bit so it’s easier for her to place the cap on my head... Oh my...)
I awkwardly bend my knees, and the principal places the nurse’s cap on my head.
Asuka: (W-whaah—)
I feel so moved and so nervous at the same time, that it’s making me feel dizzy! And then, for some reason... "Asuka, I think you’ll make a wonderful nurse."
Asuka: "—Hm...!"
I gather myself together, and after receiving the candle service plate from the vice principal... I proceed towards the Nightingale statue. I light my candle from the statue’s flame. After that, I line up at the far end of the platform next to Itsuki and the others, and look over the hall.
Asuka: (All the first-year students look nervous as well... and hot.)
As I observe the hall, I’m finally able to let go of some of my nerves...
Kaede: "Nao Osachi."
Nao: "Yes."
Nao’s name is called after mine, and I watch how Nao calmly climbs up to the platform. She looks proud and composed.
Nao: "—"
Nao glances at me, as if wanting to make eye contact. Her eyes are telling me: "You were wonderful!"
Asuka: "...Heh."
Without realizing, I start smiling. When suddenly— "Get a hold of yourself, Asuka Osachi! The first-year students are watching!"
I feel as if I hear Sakuya calling out to me. I quickly return my expression to a serious one.
Asuka: (Ahaha...)
I chuckle to myself inside. I glance at the ceiling. In the direction of the sky above.
Asuka: (One way or another, I’ve managed to make it this far. I’m surprised about it myself.)
Asuka: (I’ve finally made it to the real starting line.)
...But, for now...
Asuka: "I wonder what kind of expression I should wear for the official photograph later..."
I catch myself thinking this. Well, I’m still the manager of the Jellyfish Club, after all. After the Capping Ceremony , we have our picture taken with the whole class. And after this, my classmates take pictures among themselves, in high spirits near the academy gates. As expected, a crowd of people has formed around Itsuki in no time, and classmates as well as younger students get their picture taken with her, one after the other....It’s like she’s some kind of pop star! Of course, I take a picture with Nao.
Machi & Michi: "Okay, here we go!"
Asuka: "Okay! —Come on, Nao!"
Nao: "Is it really okay?"
Nao has a hesitant look on her face.
Asuka: "Huh!?"
Nao: "...Because after all, the person you should really be taking a picture with is Miss Sakuya..."
Asuka: "Come on, not that again!"
Ever since the incident, we have ostensibly returned to our usual harmonious sisterly relationship, but... But sometimes, just like now, Nao’s expression reflects that she hasn’t yet come to terms with the past. I guess it’s something that can’t be helped. Of course, this side of Nao is adorable too. That’s why—
Asuka: (I decide to tease her a little bit, being her older sister and all!)
Machi & Michi: "Say cheese!"
Asuka: "—(Smooch)!"
At exactly the right timing, and with all of my love put into it, I kiss her. 
Nao: "...!?!?"
Nao’s eyes are wide in surprise. —A magnificent success!
Machi & Michi: "That’s one for the album!"
...The next day, Sakuya scolded me for it when she found out about it though. She said that I should take things more seriously. And also—
Asuka: "I’m so exhausted..."
After the Capping Ceremony , our hospital training has gotten so serious that it’s making the training from before seem like child’s play. The work has gotten more difficult, and our responsibilities have increased.
Nao: "...Are you alright, sis?"
Nao, who’s part of the same group, looks at me with worried eyes.
Asuka: "...No, I’m not alright. I’m out of energy! I’m thinking I might need some replenishment."
As I say this, Nao looks at me with a bit of an astonished expression.
Nao: "Again? But I already gave you one today, remember?"
Asuka: "But I really don’t have any energy left! I’m totally out of it! I need replenishment! I need it!"
Nao: "...Shhh, okay! If you insist that much..."
We sneak off together to a place where no one can see us. My heart is beating a bit faster.
Asuka: "Hmm—"
I place my lips onto Nao’s. I can taste her lip balm. Nao quickly withdraws her face.
Nao: "That should be enough, right?"
Asuka: "That was almost nothing! Not enough at all! —Mmm!"
Nao: "Mmmngg--!"
As if claiming my special privileges as her sister, I forcefully continue the kiss. A kiss with my adorable cute little sister.
Asuka: (This is the best energy replenishment in the world!)
At first, Nao goes along with it because she can’t help it... But before I realize it, I can feel her arms softly wrapped around my back.
Nao: "Mmm—"
Asuka: "I love you, you know?"
Nao: "I love you too! I love you too, sis..."
In between our kisses, we exchange whispers of affection. We look into each other’s eyes as our sighs make contact in the air, and we can’t help laughing a little.
Asuka: "We are such naughty sisters, aren’t we."
Nao: "Yeah... I’m a naughty little sister. I’m really such a bad girl."
Without actually producing sound, Nao’s lips form the words "So, that’s why..."
Nao: "I want you to be with me forever, sis."
She speaks to me in her sweetest, most enticing voice. Her eyes are moist....How incredibly tempting.
Asuka: "Nao..."
I look her in the eyes with a deadly serious expression.
Nao: "Sis—"
Asuka: "What am I supposed to do? You’re so adorable that I can’t help feeling so much desire for you..."
Nao: "Huh!? D-desire...?"
Nao’s eyes are wide in surprise....Did she withdraw a little? It doesn’t matter, I won’t pull back. In fact, it’s only turning me on even more.
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "N-no, we shouldn’t do anything further than kissing. Not here..."
Even while Nao is objecting, I can sense that she’s not far away from agreeing to my advances. But just then—
Little Girl: "Oh!"
We suddenly hear a voice from behind us.
Little Girl: "What are you doing there!? Whoa, they’re kissing, they’re kissing, wow!"
I wonder why it is that little kids are unable to control the volume of their voice. It’s always at maximum volume! It’s so loud that it might resound through the whole hospital! —Wait, if the whole hospital hears this, we’re in trouble!
Asuka: "Wha-whaa!"
Nao: "...!"
Nao and I withdraw our faces in a hurry and take a few steps away from each other. With extremely serious expressions on our faces, we turn to the girl and say to her simultaneously.
Asuka & Nao: "Sshhhh, please!"
Little Girl: "...(Nod)."
This girl seems open to reason. No matter how you slice it, we’ve been very naughty sisters. —We look at each other and cannot suppress a little smirk. Looking deep into each other’s eyes, our feelings reach each other. —What to do? —I suppose, just one last time... —Yeah, once more would be no problem. —Because, well, just because. And, once more...
Asuka: "I love you—"
Nao: "I love you too—"
We exchange a loving kiss.
====================scr00410.kgo====================
Asuka: "What are you talking about? I forgive you."
Nao: "—!"
Her face filled with surprise, she takes a big gulp of air.
Asuka: "I forgive you. Everything you’ve done, I forgive you for it. Because after all, you’re my beloved little sister."
Nao: "You forgive me? Really...?"
Asuka: "Yeah, really. So you don’t have to worry about anything. Alright?"
With these words, I take Nao into my arms.
Nao: "...I see."
Nao’s voice is filled with relief.
Asuka: "Yeah."
Nao: "...I see..."
As I’m holding her in my arms, I can hear relief in her voice, but for some reason... There is also a hint of anxiety. So I squeeze her even more tightly into my arms.
Asuka: "You don’t need to worry about anything at all. We will always be together, just like we’ve always been."
This is definitely how it should be. We’ll be this close forever.
Nao: "Okay... sis."
Nao lets go of her tension, and relaxes her body into my arms. Under this absolutely gorgeous starry sky, I continue holding on to my oh-so-adorable little sister......When suddenly... I hear a sound coming from near the school... which I feel like I’ve heard before.
Asuka: "Huh!? That sound just now..."
Snuggled in between my arms, Nao responds.
Nao: "Yeah, that has to be—"
She starts saying something, but breaks off mid-sentence. Time has passed, and we’re now in the autumn of our second year... Today, at last, is the day of the Capping Ceremony .
Asuka: "That took such a long time... Though I really feel we deserve congratulations for making it this far, don’t we, Nao?"
Nao: "Yes, that’s true."
Of course, today, like every other day, I’m walking to school with Nao.
Asuka: "It’s thanks to you being by my side, Nao. Thanks for that."
Nao: "...Sure."
Nao smiles, but she’s looking a little pale....I wonder if she’s alright.
Itsuki: "‘Morning, Osachi sisters!"
Asuka: "Oh, good morning! The Capping Ceremony ’s finally here!"
I greet Itsuki cheerfully. Itsuki has come by herself, since Sakuya is staying home after voluntarily deciding to repeat the year. Since I heard they made up, I’m not worried, but......Oh, and since my memories came back, I’m calling them again by just their names, like in the old days. I didn’t explain the details to her, but it seems like she’s made the right assumptions.
Itsuki: "Here’s a message from Sakuya: ‘Don’t mess up by trying too hard.’"
Asuka: "Ahaha, that’s good advice."
Itsuki: "...Hm? Is something wrong with Little Osachi?"
Nao: "No, I’m fine. Don’t worry about me."
Asuka: "Yeah, since I know Nao better than anyone, you can leave her to me."
Itsuki: "Wow, I’ve never heard you say anything responsible before."
I’m not flustered by Itsuki’s teasing tone.
Asuka: "Well, it’s about time I stepped up. She’s my most precious, adorable little sister, and I love her so much, after all."
I smile brightly. The Capping Ceremony has begun. It starts off with a formal greeting from the principal. We don’t have a choice but to sit and listen to the long-winded speech. After the speech, our names will be called one by one to rise up to the podium. There, we will be presented with our nurse’s caps , and we’ll be given a candle. It’s the ceremony we’ve been waiting for, for a long, long time.
Asuka: (I’m so happy I’m doing this together with Nao.)
Nao must be thinking the same thing. She glances at me from the seat next to mine.
Nao: "...(Sigh)..."
She’s keeping herself collected, but I can’t help but notice that she’s looking a bit pale. The principal’s speech has ended, and we’re finally getting to the part of the Capping Ceremony where we’ll be awarded our nurse’s caps . Ms. Ohara is the one calling the students’ names.
Kaede: "Itsuki Amato."
Itsuki: "Yes."
Itsuki rises up to the platform. There’s a formal, yet composed expression on her face. A few other names are called after Itsuki, and then...
Kaede: "Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Yes!"
As my name is called, I glance at Nao, telling her with my eyes: "I’ll see you on the other side."
I climb up to the platform and receive my nurse’s cap . I am then given a small plate with a candle, before proceeding to the Nightingale statue. I light my candle with the flame from the big candle which is being held by the statue, and take my place in the line at the far end of the platform.
Kaede: "Nao Osachi."
Nao: "—Yes."
Nao’s name is called after mine, and I watch as Nao walks up to the platform. I notice how the principal looks a little puzzled at Nao’s pale face. But the ceremony continues, and Nao soon takes her place next to me, after lighting her candle. The ceremony smoothly continues...
Nao: "...(Pant)... (Pant)... (Pant)..."
Nao looks visibly ill. She seems to be desperately trying to get through the ceremony.
Asuka: "Just a little longer, Nao. It’s almost finished."
Nao: "...Y-yeah..."
At the end of the Capping Ceremony , there’s a group picture with the whole class. After this, in front of the school gates, students are taking pictures with each other. Machi and Michi are soon calling out to us as well. 
Machi & Michi: "We’ll take one of you two."
Machi and Michi notice Nao’s pale face, and look worried.
Machi & Michi: "...? Is she alright?"
Asuka: "Yeah, don’t worry. But sorry, let’s keep the pictures for another time. We should leave."
Nao: "...Yes, I’m sorry."
Machi & Michi: "Really? Take care!"
Itsuki watches, concerned, as we distance ourselves from the student crowd. 
Itsuki: "—"
It seems as if she wants to say something, but I choose to ignore her. Nao is the priority now.
Asuka: "Let’s go, Nao. Hold on just a little longer until we’re back at the dorm."
Nao: "...Urghh... Uhh..."
Asuka: "When we’re back, I’ll—I’ll do ‘it’ for you."
Nao is breathing heavily. She looks at me with a suffering expression as I speak to her.
Nao: "...Yeah, I’m happy to hear that, sis."
Her weak voice tone sounds almost as if she’s talking in her sleep. Then, in the spring of our third year—.
Kaede: "Everyone, spring is the time when you need to start studying for the national examinations . After school, please make sure to continue studying at home."
The class responds affirmatively to Ms. Ohara’s recommendation.
Asuka: "—"
I glance at the seat next to mine. It’s empty. It’s been empty for a long time now.
Kaede: "Well, good work today. See you again tomorrow."
This concludes today’s classes.
Asuka: "Time to go."
I busily pack up my bag and prepare myself to go home.
Itsuki: "Hey, Dummy Girl—"
Itsuki calls out to me from the seat behind me.
Asuka: "Sorry, I’m in a hurry. See you tomorrow!"
And with those few words, I take my bag in my hand and make my way out of the classroom. Having left the school, I’m not heading towards the dorm, but towards the station. I’m not going home to the dorm, but I’m really going home, home. —The home where Nao is waiting for me. Arriving at home, I open the door.
Asuka: "I’m home!"
No other voices... My parents are overseas for work, and Nao...
Asuka: "Shoes off..."
I take off my shoes, move through the hallway and go up the stairs to the second floor.
Asuka: "I wonder if Nao has been a good girl today, and has been waiting for me..."
Last winter, Nao quit Teito Nursing Academy . Everything had changed for her on that night. "Everything you’ve done, I forgive you for it."
—That night, when I forgave all of Nao’s sins. For a short while after, we continued our usual school and dormitory life. Nao also seemed happy.
Asuka: "~♪."
Before long, every now and then, she started feeling unwell. It wasn’t that she had pain or discomfort anywhere in particular. She said she felt sore throughout her whole body. Because the cause was unknown, I wasn’t too worried at first, but it gradually started happening more and more often.
Asuka: "~♪."
And because of the increasing frequency, I started to understand something. Nao’s body always started becoming painful when I was near. It always seemed to happen at times when we were having fun together, when we were on a date, or when we were feeling happy together. It happened at the Capping Ceremony as well. It’s as if something started growing inside Nao’s body that night. A kind of pain, a kind of suffering...
Asuka: "—Hm."
I make my way down the short hallway and reach the door. The door to Nao’s room.
Asuka: "I’m home, Nao."
I open the door.
Nao: "...Ah, sis!"
Asuka: "Looks like you’ve been waiting for me patiently. Good girl, good girl."
Whatever she did, Nao was tormented by this pain inside her, eating at her body. Because of this, she knew she couldn’t go on any longer, and eventually decided to quit school....I also left the dorm, and started commuting to school from home. Teito Academy made a special exception for me.
Nao: "...(Pant)... (Pant)... (Pant)... Urgh..."
Though Nao is breathing heavily, she looks at me with a faint smile.
Nao: "Yes, I’ve been waiting. I’ve been waiting like a good girl, so—"
There’s only one method for relieving Nao’s agony.
Asuka: "I know. I’ll do it right away."
And that is— to hurt her. To blame her, to bully her. And it has to be me who does it. A short while after I begin doing this, Nao’s agony would start to dissolve, and she’d be able to feel at ease. And not only that, she tells me— it gives her a sense of true happiness. I don’t know the reasons behind it....I wonder...
Asuka: (Would things have been different if I hadn’t forgiven her that night...?)
I don’t know. It’s too late to think about that now. The reality right now, is that Nao is so precious to me that I’d do anything she wants from me.
Nao: "Yeah, please do it. Hurry up, sis..."
Asuka: "You can leave it to me, Nao. I’m your big sister after all."
I put my hands around Nao’s throat. The first time I did this, I didn’t quite know how much force to use. I held back... and I was a bit scared too, so it didn’t work that well. But after doing it countless times, though I’m not proud of it, I’ve got really good at it.
Asuka: (Just the right amount of force to use, just the right amount of pain...)
Asuka: (Taking it just far enough...)
Asuka: (In order to make Nao feel happy for as long as possible—)
Nao: "...Oh, I’m so glad..."
Asuka: "You lasted as long as three hours before you passed out yesterday. I wonder if you can make it five hours today."
Nao: "Yeah... I can. Come on, hurry up..."
Nao is begging me with a sweet, persuasive tone of voice. The voice of my adorable, sweetest Nao. I respond to her with my words of unlimited love.
Asuka: "—I love you. I really love you, sweet Nao."
Nao: "I love you too, sis."
Asuka: "I love you so much. Let’s stay together forever."
Then, I gradually start tightening my grip around Nao’s throat—
====================scr00501.kgo====================
That night, I have a dream. For some reason, the dream world is equipped with some cool and groovy background music.
Prima: "Healing Kick!"
The colors inside the dream look as if I’m inside some kind of TV animation.
Prima: "The evil invader Virilius ! As a Wizard Nurse, I cannot allow you to carry out your plan to bring disease to the world! Be healed, so you can reflect on your actions!"
My voice resounds at a high pitch.
Prima: "Ultimate Killer Technique, with Love, Compassion and Healing Power! Drilling Healing... Punch!!!"
A violent flash of white light fills the entire scene—
Asuka: "Huh!?"
I wake up and sit bolt upright. I blink my eyes a few times.
Asuka: "...Why did I dream about ‘ Prima ’...?"
Nao: "Sis? Are you awake?"
Nao’s voice is coming from the kitchen.
Asuka: "Oh, yeah..."
Nao: "I’m impressed that you woke up on your own! Breakfast is almost ready!"
Asuka: "Alright."
I respond to Nao and crawl my way out of bed. My head feels a bit weird. I lazily mutter to myself.
Asuka: "Doesn’t calling it an ‘Ultimate Killer Technique’ contradict its love, compassion and healing power...?"
‘ Wizard Nurse Prima .’ It’s that indie game which Miss Itsuki and her club friends like Miss Hiromi made. I haven’t heard anything about it since last summer...
Asuka: "I wonder what happened to it."
...Well, it’s not like I really want to know. More importantly, there are still many things I want to ask Miss Itsuki about. Things I want to know, and things I need to know.
====================scr00502.kgo====================
Little Asuka: "Come on, smile, Itsuki. We’ve only got the camera for a short while."
Little Asuka: "Here, I’ll let you hold the cat."
Little Itsuki: "...I-I d-don’t want to..."
Little Asuka: "Come on. You’re so boring."
Asuka: (This timid, well behaved girl with the glasses, who seems to let herself get pushed around... Is this really Miss Itsuki?)
Looking at it again, I just can’t believe it.
Asuka: "..."
I secretly alternate my gaze between the tablet and Miss Itsuki, comparing the two.
Asuka: "...No, I really can’t believe it."
I’m secretly staring at Miss Itsuki’s face.
Asuka: (I wonder what must have happened for such a change to occur... Maybe she ate something really weird.)
It’s a mystery. One of the Seven Wonders of the World.
Asuka: "...I really, really can’t believe it...!"
Itsuki: "Cut it out with the mumbling already! Didn’t I tell you to shut up? You don’t want to make me angry...!"
Asuka: "S-sorry!!!"
...Yeah, it’s really unreal.
Itsuki: "Hmm..."
With a carefree expression, Miss Itsuki stretches her body.
Asuka: "..............."
My mind still can’t make sense of it. Even now, half of me, or even more than half, doesn’t quite believe that it could be true. But... Even though my head can’t possibly wrap itself around it at all, my heart has already... settled itself into it. As if it were a reality which I had always known.
Itsuki: "Ahaha, you look so confused!"
Asuka: "Of course I do! It’s nothing to laugh about!"
If Nao were here, she’d try to calm me down. I drop my shoulders.
Asuka: "Oh my... how should I face Nao about this all..."
Itsuki: "How about you just stay quiet about it?"
Asuka: "That’s impossible! I don’t want to hide anything from her, and besides... I couldn’t even if I wanted to! She’s got pretty sharp senses, you know?"
Itsuki: "I see."
Asuka: "Hey, Miss Itsuki?"
Itsuki: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Why did you tell me about all these things? Why did you decide to talk about it?"
It’s a simple question.
Itsuki: "That’s easy."
Miss Itsuki chuckles through her nose.
Itsuki: "For Sakuya’s sake, of course."
Asuka: "For Miss Sakuya?"
I didn’t expect that answer... But when I think about it, it does make sense.
Itsuki: "Well, see ya—"
With these words, Miss Itsuki turns her back to me and starts walking towards the station. Seeing her walk off...
Asuka: "Hey, wait a second!"
I call out to stop her.
Itsuki: "Hm? Is there something else?"
Asuka: "Umm... it’s nothing too important, but—"
After that dream I had this morning, I wanted to ask her this .
Asuka: "What ever happened to the development of ‘ Prima ’?"
We sold demo versions at the event last summer. I remember hearing that the final version was planned for winter or something like that, but I haven’t heard anything about it since then. Could it be that it was completed without me knowing anything about it?
Asuka: (If that were so— Well, I suppose it would be okay, but...)
Itsuki: "Oh... right."
There’s a vexed look on her face. As if she didn’t want me to ask her about it.
Itsuki: "That project has been temporarily suspended."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "It might never... get finished."
Asuka: "...(Sigh.)"
I’m at the dormitory building, staring up at my room. I heave a big sigh.
Asuka: "I wonder if Nao is there."
It might never get finished... For some reason, Miss Itsuki’s words are being repeated again and again inside my head.
====================scr00503.kgo====================
Asuka: "—"
I open the door.
Nao: "Oh, sis."
As I open the door, Nao just happens to be passing through the room. So she watches as I come in.
Nao: "Welcome back... Oh? Did something happen to you?"
Nao looks at me with a bit of a puzzled expression. But right away, she continues.
Nao: "—Something with Miss Itsuki?"
Nao’s senses are as sharp as ever.
Asuka: "Oh, yeah. I went to meet her... Umm..."
Asuka: (That’s why I said it’s impossible to hide anything from Nao!)
I make up my mind to tell her everything.................................................
Nao: "I see, yes."
Nao places her milk cup on the table with a little thud.
Nao: "I’ve always known that eventually, this day would come."
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "First, let me apologize. I’ve been hiding the truth from you this whole time. It’s something I decided together with my parents, but still... I’m sorry."
Asuka: "D-don’t worry, don’t worry. Because, you did it for me, didn’t you?"
Nao: "...Yeah, that’s true."
I don’t want her to apologize. She doesn’t need to apologize for this. I was the one who never gave my memory loss much thought in the first place. I was just leading a carefree, floaty, jellyfish life. So...
Asuka: "Well... on the contrary, I feel like I need to thank you for being so considerate to me."
I laugh a little awkwardly and scratch my head. And then...
Asuka: "But still, there are many things I want to ask you..."
Nao: "Yeah, I’ll tell you everything. Though it might take some time."
And so, that day, we talk until late at night. According to Nao’s story, when I was little, I was put into Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center after being diagnosed with a disease that was going to be very difficult to treat. But actually, this disease was made up by the clinic... or by the research facility, rather. The reality was just as Miss Itsuki had told me. Nao also told me that it was true that on the Open Campus Day, she asked Sakuya and Miss Itsuki to act as if they were meeting me for the first time. After talking everything through, Nao apologizes for having lied to me. I’m surprised by the extreme seriousness of Nao’s apology. Of course I forgive her, but the seriousness in Nao’s tone seems strange to me.
Asuka: (I wonder if she might have imagined me getting really angry about it.)
It seems like she thinks she has to get down on all fours and beg for my forgiveness... But it’s not like I was going to be angry about it at all. Simply said, this night has changed my whole world.
Asuka: "—"
It’s already past midnight by the time I get to bed. I can’t seem to fall asleep for quite a while. By the time I check my smartphone next to my pillow, I see that it’s already 3 AM. From the bed above me, I can faintly hear the slow rhythm of Nao’s breathing.
Asuka: "I can’t stop thinking..."
The video clips I saw at the karaoke place... The things Miss Itsuki told me... Everything... "—For Sakuya’s sake, of course."
Those were Miss Itsuki’s words. Why is it for Miss Sakuya’s sake that she would tell me that whole thing? Does it have anything to do with the fact that Miss Sakuya kissed me on the roof that time?
Asuka: "It’s all way too mysterious..."
But, thinking about it, Miss Itsuki has always been a mysterious person, right from the very beginning. Starting from that "—It’s not what it seems"
on the first day of school. When I think about it, she’s really given me the runaround this whole time. Though I can’t say it really bothered me. Today just happened to be the finishing blow.
Asuka: (Thinking about it, Nao did tell me to watch out for Miss Itsuki...)
That was probably the right call.
Asuka: "But still—"
Inside the chaos of my mind, I’m reminded of the evening sky of a certain day. The red sky from that time I was riding on the back of Miss Itsuki’s scooter, enjoying the sensation of the wind. Miss Itsuki’s back as I held tight, and her voice so close to me. Though I wasn’t that conscious of it, I remember that I did enjoy the feeling.
Asuka: (...Huh?)
Asuka: "...Hmm, why am I thinking about something like that?"
There should be more important things from the past that I’m supposed to be thinking about!
Asuka: (Why...?)
Asuka: "—Why am I thinking about Miss Itsuki?"
I don’t even understand it myself. What is she to me...? I’m curious I’m not curious
Asuka: (It might be possible that— I might feel attracted to— No! I don’t feel attracted to— Or maybe, that might not be true— But I don’t feel—)
It’s an infinite loop! There’s no answer! The only thing which is clear, is that it’s impossible to deny that I am drawn to her....So, could it be possible that I have feelings for her?
Asuka: (But I don’t...! ...Do I? Well, probably... Or, might it be that...?)
The intensity of my mental activity gradually grows weaker. No, I don’t think I have feelings for her.
Asuka: (Ohh... How do I really feel about her—?)
====================scr00504.kgo====================
The next few days, up until the week after that... They’re completely ordinary schooldays....Though the classes are tough. But duty is duty. And, once again...
Asuka: "Umm, so...?"
Itsuki: "Yes."
I’ve come to meet Miss Itsuki after class at the karaoke place, after being called out by her again.
Asuka: "Why are we here again? Have we come here to sing this time?"
Itsuki: "You gotta be kidding me."
B-b-but...!
Itsuki: "Wouldn’t it be just absurd if our conversation had ended with that last one?"
Asuka: "Absurd...?"
Itsuki: "We need you to remember about the past. To recover those memories you suddenly lost."
Asuka: "Memories..."
Itsuki: "Yes."
Asuka: "But, it’s not such a big deal... even if they’re lost forever."
I tell her honestly how I feel.
Itsuki: "...Huh!?"
She thinks it’s weird! B-b-but...!!!
Itsuki: "It’s a big deal to me!"
Asuka: "To you, Miss Itsuki...?"
Itsuki: "Oh, and that."
Asuka: "...???"
Itsuki: "You can stop the ‘Miss’ thing already. Just call me Itsuki."
Asuka: "...Okay, but why now, all of a sudden?"
Itsuki: "You never used to add any ‘Miss’ to my name in the past, that’s why."
How about a nickname! Stop using ‘Miss’
Asuka: "Alright then—Itsuki."
And as I call her name like this.
Itsuki: "—(Grin)."
She grins at me boldly. She’s looking happy. Why is she so happy about something like this? And rather than just a ‘happy’ smile, I’d say it looks a little disturbing.
Itsuki: "I like it. That already makes you seem much more like ‘yourself’ —’Asuka’."
Asuka: "But, you always use a nickname for me, don’t you?"
I wonder inside myself if I shouldn’t be calling her by a nickname too, then. Yes, that might be best!
Itsuki: "Nickname?"
Asuka: "Yes... For example ‘Pervy Freaky Glasses Girl,’ or something like that!"
 I say, with a sense of satisfaction with my own sense of creativity.
Itsuki: "Not bad, Dummy Girl. So, in order to live up to that name, I’d have to do all kinds of pervy and freaky things, right? To you..."
Asuka: "Never mind, let’s forget about nicknames! Let’s just go with ‘Itsuki’!"
Itsuki: "Hm! Yeah, just our names will do, ‘Asuka’."
Asuka: "Ahh—..."
"Asuka."
My name... I feel like it’s the first time she’s used it to refer to me. The first time Miss Itsuki... Itsuki, rather, has called me by name.
Asuka: (But—)
Savoring the sense of it in my heart, something about it strikes me.
Asuka: (It feels almost as if she’s referring to someone else.)
Asuka: "...Okay then. So we’ll just call each other by our names then, right?"
Well, it’s been already more than a year since we met, after all.
Itsuki: "Yup."
Asuka: "So, Itsuki—why would it be a problem for you if I didn’t get my memories back?"
Itsuki: "Well, that’s a secret."
Asuka: "...Wha-at?"
Mysterious as always, this girl.
Itsuki: "Just let that be for now. So, in order for you to get your memories back—"
Itsuki continues the conversation without paying any attention to my objections.
Itsuki: "I think we’ll have to start off with external things."
Asuka: "External things...?"
Itsuki: "Yes, like having you call me by my name. Apart from that, we’ll need to increase your knowledge about your past."
Itsuki: "I looked it up, and I found that it’s the most popular technique for patients who suffer from memory loss, you see?"
Asuka: "I see..."
Itsuki: "What’s up? You don’t seem that interested, even though it’s you we’re talking about."
About me... That may be true, but...
Asuka: "Ahh... It’s not that I have no interest in it whatsoever, but... It’s just that it doesn’t really feel real, or how should I say...?"
Itsuki: "Well, I’ll have you listen to me whether you want to or not. But it’s not just a period of merely one year or something like that, so this will take a while."
Itsuki: "I’m not sure how much I’ll be able to tell you today, though."
Asuka: "...Do you mean, you wouldn’t be able to tell me all of it today?"
Itsuki: "Geez, what do you expect!?"
She’s glaring at me! That’s so scary! Why?
Asuka: (—Oh.)
Seeing such a threatening expression from Itsuki, something else suddenly pops into my mind. The small, plain looking girl from that video she showed me the other day. Itsuki when she was little...
Asuka: (...I might have gotten along with the Itsuki from that time...)
I feel like asking her if she could return to being the way she was then.
Itsuki: "Well now..."
Itsuki is looking straight at me.
Itsuki: "Let’s start off by asking you, what kind of girl you think ‘Asuka’ used to be, before."
And in this way, Itsuki proceeds with the conversation.
Asuka: "Hm? Let’s see..."
"Asuka."
It feels like my name and not my name at the same time. This part of me I don’t know about. Thinking about it gives me a strange feeling. ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ If I was the kind of girl who wrote something like this, holding on to that kind of dream, then I must have been...
Asuka: "Hmm, I guess she was kind, responsible..."
Itsuki: "Wahahaha!"
Itsuki bursts into laughter. Or rather, explodes into laughter.
Asuka: "W-why are you laughing? You’re the one who..."
Itsuki: "The best term to sum up the way she behaved, would be ‘mad dog’."
Asuka: "...............What?"
Itsuki: "She was so completely full of mischief that nobody had any control over her."
Asuka: "...Are you joking?"
Itsuki: "I was often the target of that mischief, and she made me cry on a daily basis."
Asuka: "Whaa—aat!?"
Itsuki: "Shut up already, okay?"
Asuka: "No, but, umm, but, but...!"
Itsuki: "Hm? Did I never tell you? That she was a stubborn, violent, self-centered little devil?"
Asuka: "Ohh—..."
It does feel as if it’s ringing a bell. Right, last summer when were on our way home from the doujin event.
Itsuki: "This ‘Asuka’ used to be the kind of girl who would point at me and laugh while I was crying. And she’d really enjoy herself with it too."
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
Though Itsuki hasn’t quite made me cry... Ever since meeting her again after entering Teito Nursery Academy , it seems as if our roles have been completely reversed!
Asuka: (Oh, but—)
I remember that video from when we were young. The timid, frightened little girl in the video...
Asuka: (It could be possible—)
Ignoring my part in it for now, I feel like I can understand how that kind of girl could have been an easy target for bullies.
Itsuki: "I guess the worst memory was that one time... when she gathered a whole bunch of slugs and dropped them on my completely naked body while I was taking a bath."
Asuka: "Whaaaa! That’s so horrible! I’m so sorry!"
Itsuki: "No, just kidding about that, but it did happen that she’d drop a frog inside the back of my shirt, you know?"
Asuka: "...Whoa."
Itsuki: "Well, the problem about this, was that it wasn’t just a small tree frog, but a huge bullfrog."
Asuka: "What can I say... I’m so sorry!"
Itsuki: "Don’t worry, don’t worry! It’s a thing of the past. I really hated her, though."
Asuka: "Ugh!"
"I really hated her."
Being told directly, there aren’t many words with such a sting to them as these.
Itsuki: "I came into the center later than her, you see."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I originally lived in a different orphanage, and one day, some strange tests were done on me during some kind of health check-up."
 
Itsuki: "As the result of those tests... I was taken in by the Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center ."
Itsuki: "Sakuya and ‘Asuka’ were already at the center before me, and I was added to the group later on. I guess it was around the time I was five."
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Itsuki: "Well, I was already extremely shy, and being taken to a completely unknown environment like that was a very stressful experience for me, so I always really kept to myself."
Itsuki: "And ‘Asuka’ was the one who forcefully dragged me out of that."
Asuka: "I see..."
So, could it be that... part of the reason why my past self used to tease Itsuki, was with good intentions?
Itsuki: "But it was a real nuisance to me."
Asuka: "Ugh!"
Itsuki: "She often took me around the center as her little follower or something like that, under the pretext of ‘going exploring.’"
Itsuki: "I used to really hate it. You know, the center used to have some kind of security people, and when they’d find out that we’d be sneaking around like that, they’d get really angry at us."
Itsuki: "It was a real problem for me."
Asuka: "I’m so sorry..."
Itsuki: "There were a lot of places where the children weren’t supposed to enter, and when she’d get caught in those places,"
Itsuki: she’d be thrown into a little room where we had to ‘reflect on our mistakes,’ without any meals for a whole day."
Asuka: "Whoa..."
What kind of a child was I, seriously?
Asuka: "...Did that happen to you too?"
Itsuki: "Well... At times like those, ‘Asuka’ would cover up for me, telling them it was all her fault, so I never got any blame."
Itsuki: "But to make up for that, ‘Asuka’ was put in there for two whole days without any food, so by the time she’d come back to our room, she’d be utterly spent. She was such a fool."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Even as she says "she was such a fool"... For some reason... It doesn’t feel like she really believes it. Though I can’t explain it well.
Itsuki: "Sakuya used to be so angry at her, telling her how pathetic she was."
Asuka: "Miss Sakuya...?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, just like ‘Asuka’ made me cry every day, ‘Asuka’ pissed Sakuya off every day."
Itsuki: "Well, hearing the two of them arguing the whole time was basically the daily setting. Because you see, Sakuya is still the same as she used to be, a strong-spirited little princess."
 
Asuka: "Now you mention it, she seemed the most familiar in that video..."
Little Miss Sakuya in that old video... In contrast to me and Itsuki, Miss Sakuya just seemed like a smaller version of her current self. Proper, beautiful and straightforward...
Itsuki: "Yeah, she hasn’t changed. Though you can’t say the same for me, nor for you."
Asuka: "..."
I can’t come up with anything to say.
Itsuki: "So... yeah, that’s why I was pretty surprised when I saw you again that first time at Teito Academy ."
 
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "Little Osachi did tell us that you had lost your memories from the past, but it was almost as if you’d turned into a completely different person."
Itsuki: "Because for all those years I had been desperately trying to catch up with you and surpass you. Though Sakuya... she just seemed happy about it."
Asuka: "Umm... What are you talking about...?"
Trying to catch up and surpass me...?
Itsuki: "Never mind, forget about that part. Let’s return to our main subject, to you, ‘Asuka’."
Asuka: "‘Asuka’..."
Itsuki: "Hm? ...What’s the matter? You’re calling me by my name too now, so what’s wrong with me doing the same?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, that’s not it—"
Itsuki: "Then what is it?"
Asuka: "...Never mind, it’s nothing."
Itsuki: "Huh? Come on, can you just be honest with me? It’s not like talking about the past always has to be flowers and butterflies, you know?"
Asuka: "...I’m sorry."
I don’t know the reason either. Miss Itsuki is just calling me by my name, ‘Asuka’, in a way that does feel familiar. But—I wonder why......Why does it generate this strange feeling in my chest?
Itsuki: "Hehe."
Miss Itsuki grins at me teasingly.
Itsuki: "I’ll have you listen to it all, you know, since there’s still a lot, a lot more of Asuka’s mischief that I haven’t told you about."
Asuka: "Eek..."
I pull my shoulders up to my ears. It’s already dark outside by the time we leave the karaoke building.
Itsuki: "Oh, night already? I wonder if you’ll get scolded by Little Osachi."
 
Asuka: "It’ll be fine, I think. I told her I could be late."
Itsuki: "That’s good. I guess she’d be the type of girl who you wouldn’t want to see angry."
Asuka: "...I-I wonder..."
Itsuki: "Anyway, we did talk about a lot of things today."
Asuka: "Yes, that’s true..."
There’s an expression of dejection on my face. There really doesn’t seem to be an end to Itsuki’s stories about my past... Hearing about how naughty I used to be is sure making me feel groggy. Though Itsuki seems to be having a lot of fun talking about it....Although, she didn’t get so carried away as to forget to keep up the abusive name-calling in between the episodes.
Asuka: "Mad dog, fool, moron, naughty kid, bully, evil chief, little criminal..."
Itsuki: "Hm?"
Asuka: "...I was just running through all the names you called me today."
Itsuki: "Ahaha, don’t worry about it! It’s not really you I’m talking about anyway, Dummy Girl. Anyway, let’s go home."
Yeah, it’s all about ‘Asuka’. Not about ‘me’.
Asuka: "Although... ‘Dummy Girl’ doesn’t seem like the nicest name for me either..."
I’ve gotten completely used to it though. Itsuki turns back again to face me, after she’d started walking already.
Itsuki: "Really?"
Asuka: "Of course it isn’t! It’s hard not to feel like an idiot when you call me Dummy Girl the whole time!"
Itsuki: "That’s not what it means."
Asuka: "Huh? What do you mean, that’s not what it means?"
Itsuki: "—The meaning of Dummy Girl."
There’s a certain sharpness to Itsuki’s voice.
Itsuki: "I’ll explain it to you. The ‘dummy’ in Dummy Girl comes from dummy, as in a fake copy."
Asuka: "—!? A fake... copy?"
Itsuki: "I’m not interested in a fake copy of ‘Asuka’. We have to turn you back into your true self."
As she finishes the sentence, Itsuki lightly waves at me and takes off. I...
Asuka: "Dummy as in a fake copy... so that’s what it means."
I have no idea how to respond to this. I’m just standing there with an idiotic expression on my face, watching Itsuki go. 
Asuka: "I wonder if Nao’s waiting for me at home with dinner..."
Asuka: "I’m home!"
As I open the door, a pleasant aroma reaches my nostrils....Hamburgers?
Nao: "Welcome back, sis!"
Nao’s face pops out from the kitchen.
Nao: "Dinner is almost ready. Your favorite hamburgers, sis."
Though I told her in advance that I might be late, I’m in fact much later than usual. It’s amazing how Nao still manages to have dinner ready right on time. It’s not just for show that I call her my super sister. I’m very grateful for it, but...
Asuka: "I’m sorry, Nao, but I don’t have any appetite."
I do feel really sorry, but it’s just the way it is. 
Nao: "Oh? Have you had something already then?"
Asuka: "No, I haven’t. It’s just that..."
Nao: "What did Miss Itsuki do to you?"
Her senses are as sharp as ever! ...But I guess it might be a natural assumption.
Asuka: "Oh, no. It’s not that she did anything to me."
Nao: "Hmm...?"
Nao doesn’t quite seem to accept my response.
Asuka: "It felt rather as if she wasn’t really talking to me."
Nao: "Huh, but wasn’t it just the two of you?"
Asuka: "Yeah, exactly. Ahaha, yeah, it was just the two of us, but still..."
Nao: "—Sis?"
Asuka: "Yes, Nao?"
Nao: "You may not be hungry right now, but you might get hungry later, so I’ll go ahead and put your patty in the microwave."
Nao: "You could eat it even if you get hungry later at night. And there’s rice too."
Asuka: "Yeah, thanks a lot."
Nao: "But it’s easy to gain weight when you have dinner after 10, so be careful."
Asuka: "Don’t worry, since I’m determined not to care about that!"
Nao: "...That’s really cool of you... But, sis... it might be better if you did care."
Asuka: "Hehe, okay."
Having these kind of ordinary conversations with Nao, I feel a little more relaxed. I’m still not feeling hungry though. I manage to change into my pajamas and crawl into bed, while Nao sits down at her desk to do some studying. But she’s kind enough not to say anything about my own schoolwork.
Asuka: "Asuka..."
I mutter to myself. It’s my name, a name I even quite like.
Asuka: "‘Asuka’..."
And that’s my name which is not really my name, the name of the part of me which I don’t know. It’s the way Itsuki refers to me.
Asuka: "I am a Dummy Girl..."
A fake copy...
Asuka: "...It’s so rude."
Nao: "...? Sis?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s nothing."
Nao: "Really?"
Asuka: "Yeah, don’t worry..."
This is what I say to Nao, but... I feel so agitated! ...Your sister is feeling so agitated!
Asuka: "In the first place, it’s not like I lost my memories because I wanted to...!"
 ‘Asuka’ ‘Asuka’ ‘Asuka’ She called my name so many times, but I didn’t hear myself in it. Itsuki doesn’t care a single bit about who I am now, and she’s not even trying to hide it. In her unconcerned way...
Asuka: "What’s up with that!? Damn her!"
I’m feeling angry now! Itsuki doesn’t think anything of me! This feeling that she doesn’t care a jot about me...
Asuka: "Even though— I kind of like her!"
As I mutter this to myself, I pause. I’m surprised by my own words. Or rather than surprised, I’m confused. Confused by the meaning of these words.
Asuka: "...???"
Asuka: (Do I like her then?)
Asuka: "N-no, no, that would be stupid!"
Itsuki’s the kind of person I don’t usually take to. If she wasn’t always inviting me to the karaoke place to talk to me about the past, there would be no way we’d be spending time together like that with just the two of us. I think she’d agree with that. Itsuki only has business with my past self. But even though I understand that...
Asuka: "She’s such an annoying girl—"
Yes, she is, in whatever way I look at her...
Asuka: "I’m just thinking about her so much because she annoys me so much, that’s it!"
Nao: "Sis?"
Nao calls out to me again from her desk.
Asuka: "Oh, sorry, am I disturbing you?"
Nao: "No, that’s no problem, but... what’s the matter?"
Asuka: "Ahh... Well, you know, there’s this person I hate, and I don’t want to think about her at all, but I can’t help thinking about her. I wonder if that’s normal..."
Nao: "Hmm..."
Nao thinks about it for a few moments.
Nao: "I guess it’s normal. In some cases, hate can be a stronger force than love."
Asuka: "...? What do you mean?"
Nao: "Well, imagine there were a place where there’d be one person you really loved, and one person you hated. Do you think you’d go to this place?"
Asuka: "Uhh..., oh... I see. I guess I wouldn’t go. It’d be better that way."
 
Nao: "Right? That’s what I mean....I would definitely go, since I’d just get rid of the one I didn’t like."
Asuka: "Whoa, the violent approach!?"
Nao: "Ahaha, I’m a dangerous girl after all. But maybe this doesn’t apply in the case that there’s a certain person you both love and hate a lot, at the same time."
Asuka: "...? What do you mean?"
Nao’s theory has gotten pretty complicated, so I feel like I have a big question mark over my head. Even though she doesn’t really express it, there’s a hidden smile playing around Nao’s lips.
Nao: "It’s just that human relationships are a complicated thing."
Asuka: "Tell me about it."
After her apt summarization, Nao returns to her books.
Asuka: "—"
I go back to staring at the bottom of the upper bunk.
Asuka: "The fact that I hate her, and that she annoys me, makes me think about her—."
Yes, that’s how it is. That’s the conclusion. "‘Asuka’—"
Hearing her refer to me that way really annoys me. But still...
Asuka: "Ahhh..."
But in this whirlpool of emotions inside my chest, there’s also something which feels close to sadness.
Asuka: (Ohh, I don’t understand...!) Human relationships... People in general, are so complicated.
====================scr00505.kgo====================
And again, school life goes on. And once more... One week after we met at the karaoke place—
Asuka: "And here I am again..."
Itsuki: "Because I called you here."
Asuka: "...I always had the impression that a karaoke room was for singing songs..."
Itsuki: "No, it’s also pretty often used for meetings or confidential talks. They’re even advertised for those kind of things."
Asuka: "But I wanted to come here to sing..."
My shoulders drop in disappointment.
Itsuki: "Then why don’t you? I can wait for one or two songs."
Asuka: "No, thank you... I don’t think I feel like doing that now... and I suppose you want to continue from last time anyway, right?"
Itsuki: "Well, yes. I told you a lot about ‘Asuka’, but there’s something I forgot about."
I wince. Every time I hear my name from Itsuki’s mouth, it hurts a little in my chest.
Asuka: "...More... mischief...?"
Itsuki: "No, that’s not what I want to talk about today."
Asuka: "Huh?"
I feel puzzled.
Itsuki: "It’s actually the most important part, about ‘Asuka’ and Sakuya."
Asuka: "—!"
About me and Miss Sakuya? What does she mean by... ‘the most important part’?
Itsuki: "Sakuya and ‘Asuka’ used to be pretty much the leaders of our group. ‘Asuka’ was definitely an idiot, but—"
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Itsuki: "It was undeniable that she had strong leadership qualities, so she used to lead us."
Itsuki: "Well, her methods were always really messed up, so she was always quarreling with Sakuya. That happened basically every day."
Itsuki: "Not a single day went by without Sakuya scolding her for something."
Asuka: "Whoa..."
Itsuki: "I was usually always hiding behind Sakuya’s back for cover, and I’d listen to the two of them quarreling."
There’s something in Itsuki’s voice, a yearning for those days of a distant past. I see myself reflected in Itsuki’s pupils, but at the same time, I don’t. The girl Itsuki is seeing isn’t me. Oh, it makes me feel sad.
Itsuki: "Sakuya was always at a loss, you see, not knowing what to do with her."
Asuka: "Okay..."
Itsuki: "But—I noticed something one time. Whenever she was scolding ‘Asuka’, that’s when Sakuya seemed the most vibrant."
Asuka: "...Huh...?"
Itsuki: "Sakuya always took me under her wing, protected me, and was always nice to me, but I was never able to bring a smile to her face."
Asuka: "A smile..."
Itsuki: "‘Asuka’ definitely annoyed the hell out of Sakuya, but she also brought smiles to her face."
Itsuki: "It’s not really in Sakuya’s personality to smile a lot, but whenever she did smile, it was always because of ‘Asuka’."
Itsuki: "She was the only one who could make Sakuya smile."
Itsuki’s eyes shine as she says this.
Itsuki: "You know—"
There’s a somewhat embarrassed tone to Itsuki’s voice.
Itsuki: "I really kind of enjoyed watching the two of them like that. So... when I found out the two of them had feelings for each other, I wasn’t really surprised."
Itsuki: "...Though I never actually told Sakuya, or ‘Asuka’."
‘Asuka’.
Asuka: (Don’t say it like that!)
Itsuki: "After the center was burned to the ground and I managed to meet up again with Sakuya... When she found out that ‘Asuka’ died in the fire... The shock was intense."
Itsuki: "She didn’t really show it on the outside though. I wanted to be there for her, to support her, but that didn’t work out."
Itsuki: "I could never fill the huge void that was left by ‘Asuka’."
Asuka: (Don’t call me that! That’s not me!)
Itsuki: "And that’s why I figured that I didn’t have a choice but to become a replacement for ‘Asuka’, to actually turn myself into ‘Asuka’."
Itsuki: "I desperately tried to reinvent myself... I really made crazy efforts, though I did seem to have the character that it required."
Itsuki’s words are whirling through my mind. Unfamiliar, mysterious feelings are rushing through my system. I can’t seem to classify these feelings as anger, sadness, indifference, or any other clear emotion. It’s so weird. Even though I’m merely a fake copy, an empty shell, I feel so full of emotions!
Asuka: "—"
Asuka: (Huh? Why am I on the brink of tears?)
I feel as if the corners of my eyes are gradually growing hot. But I don’t understand it myself, where this is coming from. Maybe it’s frustration.
Itsuki: "She wouldn’t actually admit it, but Sakuya is still in love with ‘Asuka’. She thought you were dead, but now she’s found out you’re still alive."
Itsuki: "So, in this case, there’s just one thing for me to do."
Asuka: "And... what would that be?"
Itsuki: "To bring Sakuya and ‘Asuka’ back together. That is my goal."
I knew it. I figured this was the case. And what’s more, I already know what she’s going to say next without even needing to hear it. Itsuki wants to get Sakuya and ‘Asuka’ back together, and not ‘me’. She wants the real ‘Asuka’, not the fake copy which I am, so— That’s why she’s been wanting me to regain my memories.
Asuka: (Ohh—... What is this?)
This storm of feelings in my chest... Mixed into the anger and sadness, there’s even a sense of astonished laughter in there.
Asuka: (I don’t understand.)
Itsuki: "So—"
Asuka: "...This is stupid!"
Itsuki: "Hm?"
Itsuki looks at me with a threatening expression as I mutter this.
Asuka: "You’re always going on about ‘Asuka’, ‘Asuka’, ‘Asuka’, but... isn’t it just all about yourself?"
Itsuki: "About me?"
Asuka: "You’re the only one who cares so much about this ‘Asuka’!"
Something bursts open inside of me.
Asuka: (Oh, I’m starting to cry—)
Though I don’t want to cry, I can’t hold it back!
Asuka: "You’re saying you’re doing all of this for Miss Sakuya, that you’re just thinking of Miss Sakuya, but aren’t you really just doing it all for yourself!?"
Asuka: "You say Miss Sakuya was so shocked when she heard ‘Asuka’ died... but weren’t you actually the one who was the most shocked about it!?"
Asuka: (I don’t understand!)
The only thing I do understand is that Itsuki doesn’t care about me in even the slightest possible way! It’s just as if I don’t exist to her. As if I’m transparent to her! Just like an empty patch of air! Even though I’m here in front her, she isn’t looking at me! I never knew that could be so painful! Even though I already knew that Itsuki doesn’t want anything to do with ‘me’.
Itsuki: "What nonsense are you talking about? Stop it already."
Asuka: "No, I’m not gonna stop! You’re saying that you’re doing this for the sake of Miss Sakuya, or something like that."
Asuka: "But aren’t you just going after this ‘Asuka’ in order to fill the void that was left in yourself when ‘Asuka’ died!?"
Asuka: "You care so much about this ‘Asuka’, looking up to her and making such a big deal out of her, but you can’t face that because you don’t have any confidence in yourself..."
Itsuki: "Hey..."
Asuka: "I don’t think it’s Miss Sakuya, but it’s you who’s still so fixated on this ‘Asuka’!"
Itsuki: "Stop it!"
She bumps into me as she yells. She pushes me up to the wall, holding both of my arms in place. And immediately— Itsuki’s face is right in front of mine.
Asuka: (She’s furious.)
There’s true anger written on her face. Itsuki’s hot breath touches my face.
Itsuki: "I’m gonna get angry if you’re gonna say such ridiculous crap, okay?"
Asuka: "Aren’t you angry already? Because I hit the nail on the head?"
Itsuki: "No, that’s not true!"
Asuka: "But it is true, I know. I’ve been in front of you the whole time while you’ve been going on about ‘Asuka’."
Itsuki: "..."
Asuka: "Though I’ve been right in front of you this whole time, you haven’t looked at me at all. You’re just talking and talking about ‘Asuka’."
 
Asuka: "You must have really loved her. I’m guessing you loved her even more than Miss Sakuya did. In that case, I understand your desperation."
Itsuki: "Didn’t I tell you to shut up!?"
Asuka: "The girl in front of you now isn’t ‘Asuka’, but Asuka!"
If someone were listening to us now, it wouldn’t make any sense, but...
Asuka: (Oh, I can’t stop crying!)
I must look like some girl throwing a tantrum at the one who has rejected me, desperately trying to cling on.
Itsuki: "—"
Itsuki’s blue eyes are right in front of me. Those mysterious, lying eyes that don’t expose a single clue of what she might be thinking about.
Itsuki: "Okay, okay! But just shut up for a second!"
Asuka: "No, I won’t shut up! Why don’t you try making me shut up, if you even could, you pathetic little Itsuki—"
Itsuki: "...!"
Asuka: "—!?"
She covers my lips......With her own! She’s making me shut up, just like I told her to. With a kiss without a single trace of gentleness.
Asuka: (Ahhh—)
My mind is stuck. I don’t have any feeling in my lips. Everything is simply frozen in place. Am I really kissing Itsuki?
Asuka: (Why?)
The chaos which had already been going on in my mind has just become even more chaotic.
Itsuki: "—There."
Itsuki withdraws her lips. She lets go of my arms too. I am left dumbfounded.
Itsuki: "Because I had to hold your arms, I used my mouth."
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, that wasn’t a real kiss or anything. I just had to use something instead of my hands."
Ouch...
Itsuki: "I’m going home for today. I’ll pay the bill at the front desk, so just make sure you come out before they ask you to pay any extension fees."
Itsuki speaks plainly before leaving. I’m left by myself in the room. I drag myself to the sofa and drop myself down.
Asuka: "Not a real kiss or anything..."
That wasn’t a kiss? No, it wasn’t a real kiss... Itsuki said so herself! So, it was merely some form of aggression? I don’t know. I was the one who suggested she make me shut up though... Yes, I did say that, but still... There are so many feelings inside of me that I can’t seem to process. Ouch...
Asuka: "...Oh, it’s so painful."
I lazily look up at the ceiling. Ouch...
Asuka: "I see. I’m feeling hurt..."
I lazily mutter to myself.
Asuka: (Because I was forcefully kissed?)
Asuka: (Because I was kissed by someone I don’t love?)
Asuka: (Or because she told me that it wasn’t a real kiss?)
Asuka: "...I have no idea."
I don’t understand it at all. Ouch... Ouch... The only thing which is clear is the pain in my heart. The reality of the matter is that I feel hurt.
Asuka: "I hate her!"
I hate Itsuki.
Asuka: "Because she does and says such horrible things!"
I hate her. I’ve decided that I hate her now.
Asuka: "Damn her...!"
I was the one who suggested she make me shut up though... But still... I know that I’m the foolish one here. But still......But a fool’s lips are still every bit as precious as they are for anyone! Ohh, I’m experiencing such a whirlpool of anger and regret... and an inexplicable sense of defeat.
Asuka: "Let’s sing it off..."
I mutter to myself, filled with frustration. I sluggishly get up and move myself to grab the microphone and remote control.
Asuka: "I guess I still have some time."
I check and see that I still have more than 30 minutes.
Asuka: "Never underestimate the power of Enka! So many Enka songs are bitter ballads!"
I angrily attack the keys of the remote control. I queue up a bunch of melancholic songs with themes such as being dumped by a lover or getting separated by death. The intro of the first song starts playing. The video on the display is of some nostalgic scene.
Asuka: "—!"
I grab the microphone tightly with both hands.
Asuka: "Itsuki, you idiot—!!!"
I sing as loud as I can.
Asuka: "I hate Itsuki so much—!!!"
I continue singing powerfully and fiercely.
Asuka: "I’m home, Nao."
Nao: "Wow, what happened to your voice, sis?"
Asuka: "Well, I’ve been singing with a little too much vigor..."
Nao: "Oh, no need for talking then! Umm, why don’t you go and gargle, just to be sure? I’ll prepare some tea for your throat in the meanwhile."
Asuka: "Thanks."
Nao: "You don’t need to speak. Oh, right, I think we have cough drops somewhere—"
I head to the bathroom as I feel Nao’s kindness rekindles my sense of sanity. I gargle and look in the mirror.
Asuka: (I look like a dumped, desperate woman...)
That’s so pathetic. I sluggishly move myself back to the room.
Nao: "There you go, sis!"
Nao hands me a hot drink.
Asuka: "...Hm?"
This isn’t tea.
Asuka: "...???"
Nao: "Oh yeah, I read about this the other day, that it’s really good for the throat if you let a throat drop dissolve in hot water as a drink. It hasn’t completely dissolved yet, so drink it little by little."
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Tears are slowly welling up in my eyes. If I ever marry, I’d like a girl like Nao. I would never choose anyone like Itsuki! Though I’ve heard there are people in the world who fall in love with such people—
Asuka: (Huh, does that mean Miss Sakuya would be an example of that...?) I feel like I shouldn’t think too deeply into it. So, at the end of the day, I started hating Itsuki.
====================scr00506.kgo====================
And... Coming to hate Itsuki has started changing some things in me...
Kaede: "Well done, Asuka Osachi, you passed!"
Asuka: "I did it—!!!"
Kaede: "You’ve been so focused lately! I’ve been hearing from the other teachers as well that you’ve been improving a lot lately."
Asuka: "No, I still have a long way to go."
My grades have started getting better.
Kaede: "You might soon make it to the top third of the class!"
Nao: "Yes, I think at this rate, you’ll surpass me in no time!"
Nao is smiling brightly.
Asuka: "Well, I’m your older sister after all."
I don’t have any choice but to focus on my studies. In order to stop thinking about Itsuki. In order to chase her out of my head.
Itsuki: "—"
Itsuki is looking at me, but I need to ignore her. After the day of that forceful kiss which wasn’t a kiss, I’ve decided to avoid Itsuki completely. She’s invited me several times since then to meet her at the karaoke place to tell me more about the past, but I’ve never been. I’ve been putting all of my available focus on studying. During classes, during breaks, and even after coming home from school. It’s the first time I’ve ever really hated someone. As far as I can remember, at least. I just feel so much hatred for her that I don’t know how else to deal with it. I decided not to think about it. And in order for it not to pop up inside my head... I’ve enveloped myself completely in my studies. To such an extent that even Nao is amazed by it.
Asuka: "Alright, let’s write up that report."
I hate studying, and I’ve never been good at it. I find it pretty amazing myself how, when motivated by something I hate even more, I can bring myself to focus that much on studying.
Nao: "I’ll prepare some tea then."
Asuka: "Thanks, Nao."
Nao: "No problem!"
Asuka: "Alright, let’s do this!"
Getting home from school, I immediately sit down at my desk to study. As I take my books and pens from my bag,
Itsuki: "—"
The image of Itsuki looking at me, as if she had something to say, comes floating up in my mind.
Asuka: "...Aaargh!"
I shake my head.
Asuka: "I refuse to think about her...!"
Let’s think about something different until Nao finishes the tea. About Miss Sakuya. Because her situation at home has been complicated, Miss Sakuya has been tending to skip a lot of classes this whole time. Due to all the classes she’s missed, it’ll be very difficult for her to catch up with it all through supplementary lessons or her own efforts, so she told me she might repeat the year. 
Asuka: "I wonder how I’d feel if I found myself in that situation..."
I mutter this to myself. I don’t know. It’s just— it will be a bit sad if I won’t be able to graduate as a nurse alongside Miss Sakuya....But before that, let’s first focus on my own studies! Even though my grades have improved, I used to be just barely above the pass line before, so I still have a long way to go!
Nao: "There, tea and cakes!"
Asuka: "Yay! The brain needs sugar to work, after all!"
Nao: "Hehe, you always used to say that as an excuse for eating sweets."
Asuka: "But now, I’m not the same girl as before! I am New Asuka!"
And I realize that I’ve gotten a little too caught up there... "A ‘me’ who is not really ‘me’."
That’s a dangerous thought. Dangerous, because it reminds me of Itsuki.
Asuka: "Oh..."
Nao: "Sis?"
Nao’s voice shocks me back into reality.
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s nothing, nothing at all. Nyahaha."
I laugh slyly like a cat.
Nao: "Th-that’s so cute, sis!"
It would be clear to any onlooker that something must have happened between Itsuki and me. Nao hasn’t asked or made any remarks about it ever since, though. She’s probably just being considerate to me....Or maybe, because Nao has always had concerns about Itsuki, she might just be genuinely relieved. Relieved that I put some distance between Itsuki and me.
Asuka: "Well, thank you for the cakes! I’ll get back to my books then!"
And like that, I go on to spend my night like a true grade A student..................................... Getting to bed at night is the difficult part.
Asuka: "(Sigh)..."
Nothing to do, and nothing to distract myself with. I look up at the bottom of the bed where Nao’s sleeping right now. As I lay there, Itsuki’s face suddenly pops into my mind.
Itsuki: "‘Asuka’—"
Asuka: "...Argh."
I feel a throbbing pain in my chest.
Asuka: "Why...?"
As I mutter this, I don’t even understand the meaning of this "why".
Asuka: (I hate her, I hate her, I hate her, I hate her! Itsuki the idiot! That kiss thief!)
I turn over on my side.
Asuka: (I won’t think of her, I won’t think of her, I’m not going to think of her!)
The more I think this, the more she pops into my mind. I squeeze my eyes shut. I can see the night sky in my mind’s eye. The sensation of the wind on the back of Itsuki’s scooter.
Asuka: "Oh, come on...!!!"
I toss and turn, from my left to my right side, and back again. I keep on tossing and turning like this until I ultimately doze off and fall asleep....It’s Itsuki’s fault! Oh, how I hate her!
====================scr00507.kgo====================
The summer vacation has started. Itsuki has still been commuting to school from home, so our opportunities to come across each other have markedly decreased. I sometimes get emails from her with titles such as ‘We have to talk,’ but I’ve been ignoring all of them. I’m just immersing myself every day in my mountain of school tasks. —One evening.
Nao: "Oh, we’ve run out of soy sauce."
I hear Nao muttering this to herself from the kitchen. Then, she pops her head through the doorway.
Nao: "Hey sis, I’m gonna go buy some soy sauce."
Asuka: "Oh, let me take care of that."
Nao: "Huh, but..."
Asuka: "I was just thinking I need some fresh air anyway. It’s not good to be sitting down for too long."
Nao: "Really? ...Well, you’re right. Okay then!"
Asuka: "Okay!"
Nao: "Then, I’ll give you a reward for being such a good girl, sis! Here’s some money to buy yourself a snow cone on the way."
Asuka: "Yay, that’s so nice of you, Nao!"
After this interaction, more like one between a mother and child than between sisters, I take off.
Asuka: "Snow cone, snow cone ♪!"
Rather than walking, I’m joyfully skipping. By the way, my favorite flavor of snow cone is condensed milk and strawberry syrup. Condensed milk with strawberry is the ultimate combination, although it’s really sticky! In fact, condensed milk is the ultimate ingredient! I’d love to try drinking condensed milk straight from the tube... With such sweet imaginations in my head, I leave the dorm.
Asuka: "Or maybe, in order to keep my focus, I might be better to go for lemon today..."
As I tilt my head, weighing my options, I set out towards a little shop close to the dorm. When suddenly, I hear a car horn from behind. I’ve been walking well on the side of the road, so I suspiciously look over my shoulder. It’s a bright red, trendy-looking sports car, which approaches me from behind. I decide to halt for a moment to let the car pass.
Asuka: "Red... and flashy..."
That’s a car I’ve never seen around here.
Asuka: "...???"
I thought it would just pass me by, but instead, it’s slowing down. As I’m wondering what’s up, the bright red car stops next to me. The window zooms down, and I see the face of the driver. It’s a woman with brown hair, who looks like she’s off to a party. She’s wearing sunglasses and is looking at me.
???: "Excuse me, do you mind if I ask you for directions? I lost my way."
Oh, that explains it, now I understand!
Asuka: "Sure, no problem. I know this area pretty well."
???: "I’m looking for a building called Hakuran Dormitory ..."
Asuka: "Huh?"
I feel a little surprised. That’s the name of my dormitory!  This person has business with one of the residents from Hakuran Dormitory . Maybe she’s family or something like that. At any rate, I can easily give her the directions, since it’s only about ten minutes from here on foot. 
Asuka: "Oh, that’s very easy. I actually live at Hakuran Dormitory ."
???: "Oh really? I’m so glad! Looks like I was lucky enough to ask the right person!"
Asuka: "Ahaha, let’s see..."
Hearing her happy response is making me feel a little proud myself. As I explain the way to her, pointing out the directions, the woman remarks.
???: "Sorry, wait a moment. I have a map, so could you point it out on there?"
As she says this, she picks up a map she had lying on the passenger seat. It’s so close that a map might actually make it more complicated than it is. Never mind, I think to myself, and lean forward towards the car window. I look at the map which the woman is holding, and I stretch out my hand to point out the way. A fragrance touches my nostrils, maybe the woman’s perfume. It’s a strong, intense smell.
Asuka: (Not a smell I would ever wear...)
—When suddenly,
???: "I gotcha now."
The woman’s voice suddenly changes. She grabs me by the wrist and strongly pulls me towards her.
Asuka: "Huh? Eek!"
My head bumps hard into the window frame. And at the same time as the pain of it dawns onto me, I can feel something cold and hard press into my neck. And then—
???: "Switch, on."
A shockwave enters me as I hear a zapping sound.
Asuka: "Ahh....! —"
My consciousness grows dim..................................................................
Asuka: "Hm...mm..."
I open my eyes, becoming aware of a throbbing headache. I still find myself in the dark.
Asuka: "...Huh...?"
I find myself leaning against a hard wall, and the floor under my buttocks feels cold. I notice that I’ve been blindfolded. That’s the only thing I can make out— Of course, I’m feeling panicked.
Asuka: "Hey... huh, what is this...???"
Wanting to take off the blindfold, I notice that I can’t move my arms. Have I been tied up? I try to move my legs, but I notice that my legs are tied as well. My panic quickly reaches a peak.
Asuka: "N-no, no, no! What is all of this!?"
???: "Oh, I see you’re awake. It’s about time."
Asuka: (The voice of the woman inside the car!)
Asuka: "U-umm... you’re the woman... with the red car, aren’t you?"
???: "I am. Thanks for earlier."
Asuka: "Umm... What... is this?"
I ask as I squirm.
???: "What is this...? Don’t you know this kind of thing is called an ‘abduction’?"
Asuka: "Abduction...?"
???: "Oh, you don’t know what an abduction is? Well, this is what it is."
Asuka: "Well, it’s not that I don’t understand the meaning of the word ‘abduction’, but..."
???: "So what don’t you understand? You have been abducted. By me. Got it?"
Asuka: "(Sigh)..."
Tick, tick, tick... It’s the sound of the clock of reality slowly dawning on me.
Asuka: "Whaaaa—aaat!!?"
???: "Hey, keep your voice down!"
Asuka: "B-b-b-but...! Does that mean you’re after money or something like that? But my family isn’t rich—"
???: "Ahh, okay, okay, shut up already."
Asuka: "Augh!"
I’m kicked in my stomach. My mind still in utter confusion, I freeze up. I freeze up in terror. This act of violence, carried out without hesitation, proves to me that this is not the type of person I’m used to dealing with.
Asuka: (I-I’m so scared!)
As this simple thought enters my mind, I’m worried that I might wet my pants.
Asuka: "Uhh..."
???: "Yeah, be a good girl for me, Asuka."
Asuka: "...My name!"
???: "Of course I know your name. You’re my precious target after all."
Asuka: "I don’t... understand."
I’ve been this woman’s target, from the very beginning...? But, why?
???: "Let’s see, I don’t wanna waste time explaining... I guess this ought to make things clear."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
I don’t get the meaning of what she’s saying. And then, though I can’t see it, I can feel a hand reaching out to me—
???: "There."
Asuka: "Ouch!"
The woman tears the blindfold off me. The light of the space suddenly comes burning into my eyes. At the same time, I look at my surroundings with a strong sense of disbelief. For a moment, I feel as if I must be having some kind of hallucination. I’ve been here only once before, but I remember it clearly. The experience was unforgettable.
Asuka: "Cutesy Laboratory..."
It’s the headquarters of Itsuki’s video game development club.
???: "That’s just a cover name Itsuki came up with."
???: "In fact, this ‘laboratory’ is the base of operations set up by a group of survivors of the ‘Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center’."
Asuka: "—Huh?"
I take a big gulp of air and look at the woman. A cover? Survivors? Laboratory?
???: "Itsuki never told you about this, did she? I guess not. Well, one time, her girl almost found out about what we were doing."
???: "So apparently she told her girl that we were all just part of some hobby club. So that’s how we got the name ‘Cutesy Laboratory’. Well, the laboratory part remains the same."
 
???: "It’ll be safer this way, she said."
Even though I hear what the woman is saying, I can’t really comprehend it....What is she talking about?
???: "When we eventually really started developing a game, I started wondering what the hell we were doing."
Asuka: "A-and who are you...?"
???: "Oh, you never heard about me from Itsuki? I’m Sumika Kuraku. The others kind of treat me as the extremist of the lab. But actually, I’m just a realist."
Asuka: "Sumika... Kuraku..."
I feel like... I’ve heard this name before. Yes, if I remember correctly, she was the person who was responsible for the illustrations for ‘ Prima ’.
Asuka: "I-Itsuki told me you’re the one who drew the game’s illustrations..."
Sumika: "Huh? Are you kidding me? I didn’t, and I wouldn’t want to. She did all the illustrations herself."
Asuka: "..."
My words are stuck in my throat. I feel like I can’t say another thing.
Sumika: "Heh, judging from that face, you still don’t understand anything, do you?"
Asuka: "Well... that’s..."
Sumika: "Anyway, depending on what happens, you might not make it out of here alive, so even though it’s annoying, I guess I’ll tell you a few more things."
Asuka: "Huh? Not make it out alive...!?"
Sumika: "Just shut up and listen, or I’ll kick you again."
Asuka: "...(Nod)."
I already found out that she’s not the type of person who bluffs, so I immediately fall silent....And besides, I think it might be better just to listen to what she has to say anyway.
Sumika: "Originally, I— or ‘we’ rather, used to work at this place called the ‘ Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center ’."
Sumika: "I used to work as a security guard, essentially, but some of us were researchers as well. I heard that you met Hiromi Sano, didn’t you?"
Asuka: "...Yes."
Sumika: "She’s one of them. She used to be on the research team."
Sumika: "...The center passed itself off, just like the name suggests, as a facility that treated kids with complicated diseases."
Sumika: "The reality of it wasn’t so altruistic."
Asuka: "The center carried out research on children with a disposition for some kind of special power called... ‘ healing hands ’, or something like that."
Sumika: "Oh, you know about it, huh? I thought you’d lost your memory."
Asuka: "Umm... Well, I did hear about it..."
Sumika: "Oh, did Itsuki tell you? That’s not what she told us she said... I suppose we have no choice but to kill you then."
There is no hesitation in her speech. She means it. I feel no surprise or fear, maybe because my senses have already gone numb. I find myself just numbly listening to her words.
Sumika: "In that case, there’s not much to talk about....After the center disappeared, staff members like me lost the focus in our lives as well."
Sumika: "Most of the things which were going on at the center were basically of a criminal nature, so after the center was lost, we couldn’t just get on with our lives."
Sumika: "So we decided to continue our activities, to carry on Haizawa’s research, in a way."
Sumika: "So that’s why we called ourselves the ‘laboratory’."
Laboratory...
Sumika: "Our leader, who launched this whole operation, has gone missing, though."
Asuka: "Missing...?"
Sumika: "She must have died, I guess, in a way that didn’t leave any corpse behind. She was probably dealing with all kinds of dangerous people."
Asuka: (...What kind of world is she talking about?)
I find myself wondering if those kinds of things can really be happening in the country I’ve been living in. It’s so disturbing.
Sumika: "Anyway, we had been doing all kinds of illegal research at the center, and we found out that we could turn that into a profit."
Sumika: "So in that sense, even though we continued Haizawa’s research, our goals have been completely different."
Sumika: "Haizawa used to be burning with some kind of personal mission to do this research in a way I don’t quite understand, but we picked up the research just for the profits."
Asuka: "...I-I see."
Sumika: "And, in order to make money from it, we needed the data from Haizawa’s research, but the core of it was very rigorously hidden."
 
Sumika: "After the center disappeared, even after months of investigation, we still couldn’t find a thing."
Sumika: "So then, we decided to change our approach, and figured we should investigate whether any of the center’s subjects, in other words, if any of the children knew anything that could help us."
Sumika: "And that’s when we got to know Itsuki..."
Asuka: "Itsuki—"
Sumika: "She started cooperating with us, though it’s not like she ever truly became one of us."
Sumika: "She just told us she’d cooperate in exchange for us keeping our hands off Sakuya."
Asuka: "In order to... protect Miss Sakuya?"
Sumika: "...And then, there’s you, Asuka Osachi. This is where you come in."
Asuka: "M-me?"
Sumika: "Yes. After the center went up into flames, you were reported to have died in the fire."
Sumika: "It’s not like your remains were ever found, but it was the logical conclusion to make after you were first reported missing."
Sumika: "So, even though you were supposed to be dead, Itsuki reported to us that you happened to be alive, and moreover, that you had conveniently lost your memories of your time at the center."
As she says this, her gaze moves sharply towards me, as if her eyes are trying to pierce right through me.
Sumika: "What do you think? Isn’t that strange? Hiromi was the first to think something about it wasn’t right."
Sumika: "Her logic was that this memory loss of Asuka Osachi was just too perfect, and that there had to be some secret hidden behind it."
Asuka: "Huh?"
From utter surprise, my bound up body makes a little jump. 
Asuka: (Some secret behind my memory loss?)
Asuka: "Th-there’s no secret. I don’t even understand it myself."
Sumika: "You’re not exactly the authority we’ll be consulting, having lost your memory and all."
Asuka: "—Uhh."
Feeling threatened, I keep silent. There’s a throbbing pain in my heart. I’m feeling it again. I feel as if the current ‘me’ is being ignored again. It’s making me feel frustrated and depressed.
Sumika: "I’m just telling you, if there happens to be no hidden secret after all, that would be that."
Sumika: "It’s just that we’re finding ourselves in quite a bind here, so as long as there’s any possibility of discovering something new, we’re not going to give up without a fight."
Sumika: "Isn’t that touching? But Itsuki has always insisted we leave Asuka Osachi up to her."
A scene from last year comes floating up in my mind... when I saw Itsuki calling on her phone. "That case was entrusted to me, wasn’t it!?"
Sumika: "And in the end, without even delivering any results, she decided that we should discontinue looking into you, and that you should be removed as a target of our investigations."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Sumika: "Do you think I could agree to that, huh? —That’s why I made a move by myself."
Made a move... She means the fact that she abducted me and took me here, to the laboratory.
Sumika: "Phew... I’ve talked so much that it’s made me thirsty. I need some tea."
After saying this, she walks away from me and disappears into another room. The kitchen, maybe....Being left alone, I feverishly start thinking. This whole story has been such a shock. It’s all such a shock, but... If this lady’s story were true... Then all of Itsuki’s actions up to now suddenly make sense. "It’s not what it seems."
Those were the words she said to me when we met for the first time at Teito Academy . Everything has been a lie all along. Probably everything Itsuki has ever told me has been a lie. She’s a liar after all— Oh, but, she did begin by telling me ‘It’s not what it seems’... I guess that was the truth, at least.  I don’t know...
Asuka: "Oh... I’m thinking about Itsuki again."
Well, considering the situation, I guess I can’t help it. But because for all this time I’ve been so determined not to think about her... It feels kind of strange.
Asuka: "I don’t understand Itsuki at all! And besides..."
My words are stuck for a moment, but I say it anyway.
Asuka: "I’m not even sure how I feel about her—"
I hate her She pisses me off
Asuka: (I hate her—)
Because she’s mean, she plays tricks on me, and she’s always so sarcastic...  There’s no reason not to hate her!
Asuka: (...Or maybe, it’s not like I hate absolutely everything about her...)
 It’s not like she doesn’t have any positive qualities. Let’s see, umm... what are her positive qualities?
Asuka: (The way she’s so considerate towards Miss Sakuya, for example—)
As I say this to myself, I’m reminded of all the painful feelings.
Asuka: (She’s so infuriating—)
Yes, that’s the best way to describe her—infuriating. Every time I get involved with Itsuki, I end up in some incredible trouble... There hasn’t been anything positive about that! She’s so infuriating... So infuriating... So infuriating... So infuriating! But the one thing that infuriates me the most—
Asuka: (Oh, but, maybe... it might be... that I’m waiting for Itsuki—)
...Is me thinking this. Suddenly... I hear a faint noise. The noise is coming from the window, so I turn to see... The person quietly opening the window and climbing through, is no one other than—
Itsuki: "—Hey there."
—Itsuki!
Asuka: "I—"
Itsuki: "Shh!"
Just as I’m about to raise my voice, Itsuki signals to me to keep silent. I’m confused. Why did Itsuki come in through the window? I don’t understand. But it doesn’t look like Itsuki is about to explain it to me.
Itsuki: "Is Sumika in the kitchen?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah."
Itsuki: "Well, she’ll be right back then. If I face her head on, I’ll be at a disadvantage. So while I go hide somewhere, I’m counting on you to create an opportunity for me."
Asuka: "A-an opportunity...!?"
That sounds really difficult!
Itsuki: "Anyway, don’t resist and just do as she says. If you just do that, there should be—"
Before Itsuki even finishes speaking, there’s Sumika’s voice from the kitchen.
Sumika: "Hey, do you want some tea too?"
I can hear her footsteps moving back in our direction.
Asuka: "Itsuki...!"
Itsuki: "Agh. So, you just let her do what she wants to put her off guard, got it? I’ll take care of the rest, somehow. —Trust me."
 With these words, Itsuki steps away from me. She crouches down in the shadow behind a computer rack in the corner of the room. Almost simultaneously, Sumika comes back.
Sumika: "Why didn’t you answer? You heard me, didn’t you?"
Asuka: "Umm... well..."
Sumika: "Anyway, just tell me if you’re thirsty. I can always give you some tea at least."
Asuka: "O-okay....Thank you."
Asuka: (Let her do what she wants... let her do what she wants... how do I do that!?)
I’m feeling at my wits’ end. I don’t know! —When suddenly...
Sumika: "Hm, taking a better look at you..."
Sumika crouches down in front of me, and brings her face right in front of mine.
Asuka: (Huh...!? What’s happening!?)
Sumika: "You’re actually pretty cute. No wonder Itsuki likes you."
Asuka: (Itsuki... likes me?)
That’s the first time I’ve heard that. Frankly, it’s hard to believe. Her hand reaches out towards my chest. She grabs me by the shirt and pulls me towards her. Her face is so close!
Sumika: "Itsuki would be angry if I stole those lips. —Hehe, that would be interesting."
Asuka: "S-steal my lips...!?"
Sumika: "I’m talking about a kiss. You have been kissed before, haven’t you?"
Her face comes even closer. A kiss?
Asuka: (Is she... going to kiss me!?)
For a moment, I feel an intense desire to resist. Resist Don’t resist I don’t want her to kiss me! But... "Just let her do what she wants to put her off guard."
"I’ll take care of the rest."
"—Trust me."
"Trust me".. Her words are running through my mind.
Asuka: "..."
I let go of my resistance. Sumika looks at me, amused.
Sumika: "Hm? You’re not going to resist? You must like the idea of kissing me—"
Asuka: (N-no!)
Sumika: "How nice... Maybe we should do something more than just kissing."
Asuka: (Something more than just kissing!?)
Her face comes even closer. Her hands are touching my skin. A cold chill runs up my spine.
Asuka: (I-I can’t bear this any further! ...Itsuki—!!!)
And just as my heart calls out to her—
Itsuki: "Well done, Dummy Girl!"
I hear Itsuki’s voice, and in the same instant...
Sumika: "—Ghuah!"
Sumika’s body is knocked to the side. Itsuki kicks her from behind. Her head smashes into the wall, and the next moment, she’s looking at Itsuki with disbelief.
Sumika: "You... When did you—?"
Itsuki: "—!"
Itsuki kicks her again. Sumika passes out, and her body collapses to the floor. Through everything that just happened, I’d forgotten to blink my eyes even once. Itsuki looks at me. I look back up at her with a dumbfounded expression. I wonder to myself again...
Asuka: (Why is she here—?)
As my mind tries to come to terms with everything that has happened... While I still find myself in this state of utter astonishment, Itsuki comes closer. She speaks to me as she’s loosening the ropes that I’ve been tied up with.
Itsuki: "I’m sorry that people from the ‘lab’ have caused you trouble. —Can you stand? Hold on."
Itsuki offers her hand to me. I take it without saying anything. I stand up.
Itsuki: "Are you hurt somewhere?"
Asuka: "—"
Even as she asks me this, I still can’t manage to utter a single word. I just silently shake my head. Inside my mind... There’s a feeling of happiness and relief that Itsuki has come to save me.
Asuka: (But why did Itsuki come for me?)
This question keeps on repeating itself again and again inside my mind.
Asuka: (Why did Itsuki come for me?)
Why?
Itsuki: "I got a phone call from Little Osachi, you see, telling me you hadn’t come home after going out for groceries. She thought you might have gone out to meet me."
Itsuki: "...And, as I came here just to make sure, I noticed Sumika’s car was parked here, and bingo!"
It’s as if Itsuki had read my mind. But actually, not quite. That’s not what I mean by ‘why’. What I really want to know, is the reason why—
Itsuki: "I’ll call Hiromi and have Sumika taken care of by the police. —Let’s leave the rest to Hiromi, so we can get out of here. I came on my scooter, so I’ll take you back to the dorm."
Itsuki talks to me in the way she always does.
Asuka: (Itsuki told me to let her do as she wants to put her off guard, but still...!)
I...
Asuka: (I don’t want anyone to kiss me in front of Itsuki—!)
I just can’t let that happen!
Asuka: "N-no! Let go of me!"
I twist my body to the side to resist her.
Sumika: "Huh? Are you going to resist me? ...Cut it out!"
Her expression instantly turns grim. She squeezes her hand into a fist and raises her arm— When suddenly, there’s a sound coming from the computer rack.
Sumika: "—!"
In the same moment as Sumika shifts her gaze towards the sound, Itsuki comes dashing forward. Itsuki’s ambush has failed.
Sumika: "When did you come sneaking in here, you little burglar!?"
Itsuki: "Hmph! Stunningly beautiful little burglar, you mean."
Itsuki’s acting tough, but... she said she’d be at a disadvantage if she had to face Sumika head on. The two of them begin to fight, and at first sight, they seem to be on even footing, but as Itsuki had said, Sumika quickly takes the upper hand.  I can’t do anything but watch, since my hands and feet are still tied up.
Asuka: "Itsuki!"
Sumika: "You seem desperate, Itsuki! But you cannot win against me! There!"
Itsuki: "Ghuh...!"
Sumika punches Itsuki clean in the abdomen. I want to run out to help, but I can’t move my body. —When suddenly! The sound of police sirens outside the apartment. They’re coming this way!
Asuka: (Could it be!?)
Sumika: "...!?"
Itsuki: "Ah—"
The two of them seem to have noticed as well.
Sumika: "Itsuki, don’t tell me you...!"
Itsuki: "Yeah, looks like they’re finally here. I called them before I came in."
Sumika: "You...!"
Itsuki: "So, what are you gonna do? You’re the one who’ll be in trouble once the police are here."
Sumika: "...Argh! You little wench!"
Her decision is quick. She immediately distances herself from Itsuki and dashes out of the room.  ...The room grows quiet.
Asuka: (Am I... saved?)
Relief washes through my chest. But... The sirens of the police cars seem to pass right by the apartment. Huh?
Itsuki: "Hah, that was a lucky break. There must have been some kind of incident nearby."
Itsuki speaks in a nonchalant manner.
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I forgot to call the police, so we were lucky that they happened to pass by like that."
Asuka: "What—!?"
So, we were saved by... mere coincidence? A miracle? While I still find myself in this utter state of astonishment, Itsuki comes closer. She speaks to me as she’s loosening the ropes that I’ve been tied up with.
Itsuki: "I’m sorry that people from the ‘lab’ have caused you trouble. —Can you stand? Hold on."
Itsuki offers me her hand. I take it without saying anything.
Itsuki: "Are you hurt anywhere?"
Asuka: "...No."
Having calmed down a little, there’s this feeling of happiness and relief inside of me that Itsuki has come to save me.
Asuka: (Why did Itsuki come for me?)
This question keeps on repeating itself again and again inside my mind.
Asuka: (Why did Itsuki come for me?)
Why did she?
Itsuki: "I got a phone call from Little Osachi, you see, telling me you hadn’t come home after going out for groceries. She thought you might had gone out to meet me."
Itsuki: "...And, as I came here just to make sure, I noticed Sumika’s car was parked here, and bingo!"
It’s as if Itsuki had read my mind.
Itsuki: "Sumika might come back, so let’s go. I came on my scooter, so I’ll drive you back to the dorm."
I get on to Itsuki’s Big Scooter , which was parked in front of the apartment. The summer night air is still a little warm, and even after the scooter has gained some speed, it doesn’t feel that chilly. As we’re driving along, both Itsuki and I remain silent. The stars are sparkling in the night sky. Those faraway stars...
Asuka: (Why did Itsuki come to save me?)
I can’t help thinking about it again. She drops me off in front of the station.
Itsuki: "Can you walk from here? —If I brought you to the dorm, Little Osachi would get so mad at me."
Itsuki gets off as well, so we’re both standing there, facing each other.
Asuka: "Yeah, I’ll be fine....Thank you."
Because of this eternal ‘why’ repeating itself in my mind again and again, I had forgotten to thank her. But then, I finally say it. Itsuki shakes her head with a serious expression.
Itsuki: "No, I’m really sorry."
Asuka: "Don’t worry about it. You came to help me, after all."
Why, why, why—?
Asuka: (...Don’t I know the answer to that already?)
Itsuki keeps silent, with a rare expression of guilt on her face. Noticing this, I laugh.
Asuka: "Umm, but, it’s just as well, right?"
Itsuki: "...?"
Asuka: "...If something were to happen to me, that would also mean that ‘Asuka’ couldn’t come back, right? And that would be a problem for you too, wouldn’t it?"
Itsuki: "You—"
Asuka: "I’m sorry for avoiding and ignoring you. It’s not like I’m saying this as thanks for today, but... I’ll listen to your stories of the past again, if you like."
Asuka: "I’ll try to do my best to get my memories back, so, I’ll be there for you."
I don’t even understand why I’m saying this myself. Itsuki is the one who wants to bring Miss Sakuya and ‘Asuka’ back together. Though I do still have my doubts about that.
Asuka: "I don’t know what will happen between Miss Sakuya and me though—"
Itsuki: "..."
Even though I’m speaking to her so positively, Itsuki isn’t giving me any reply. Itsuki remains silent for a few moments. In the meanwhile, car after car passes by, and a few trains arrive at the station, before departing again. Then, Itsuki opens her mouth, and stutters.
Itsuki: "—Y-yeah."
She averts her gaze as she’s saying just this single word. I have no idea even to what exactly she’s saying "yeah."
Then, Itsuki gets back on her scooter and speaks without looking at me, almost as if she were talking to herself.
Itsuki: "I’ll see to it that this never happens again."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "I won’t cause you any more trouble. You can rest assured that something like this won’t happen a second time."
—Something strikes me as odd.
Asuka: "S-sure. But, umm..."
I’m sensing something strange about Itsuki’s behavior. But I don’t know what it is, and I don’t know the meaning behind it. As I’m wondering about this, Itsuki continues.
Itsuki: "I’ll get rid of the ‘laboratory’... I should have done it much sooner."
Asuka: "Get rid of the laboratory—?"
I want to ask her how, but she’s already taking off. She quickly disappears into the distance, out of my range of vision. I’m left standing alone in front of the station....I try repeating Itsuki’s words in my mind, but I don’t have even the slightest idea how she could go about getting rid of the lab. There are some things which you can’t figure out just by thinking about them, so I decide to go back to the dorm. I start walking, but then halt in place again.
Asuka: "...Oh, I forgot to buy the soy sauce."
From that night onward, Itsuki has removed herself from my surroundings.
====================scr00508.kgo====================
Asuka: "Aahhh..."
I’m rolling around in my bed. Holding my smartphone in my hand, I open my message history. There are several texts which I sent to Itsuki, but not a single reply. The tables have been turned. In the past, I was the one who ignored her.
Asuka: "Is she getting back at me...?"
This thought has occurred to me, but...
Asuka: "No, I don’t think so. —Alright then."
I sit up and climb out of bed. Nao is at school. Since she’s usually the teachers’ little favorite, she’s helping a teacher with some tasks. "I’ll see to it that this never happens again."
"I won’t cause you any more trouble. You can rest assured that something like this won’t happen a second time."
"I’ll get rid of the ‘laboratory’... I should have done it much sooner."
That’s what Itsuki told me, but that was at the start of the summer vacation, already two weeks ago.
Asuka: "In fact, I haven’t seen Miss Sakuya either..."
Miss Sakuya hasn’t been coming to school for longer than that. I guess her situation at home must be tough.
Asuka: "I never told Miss Sakuya... about me and Itsuki..."
Though I mutter this to myself, I don’t have a clue what exactly I should say to her. "Your girlfriend wants you and me to get back together."
Even just imagining it makes me feel ridiculous.
Asuka: "No, that wouldn’t make any sense... More importantly, what am I going to do?"
Or rather.
Asuka: "What do I want to do—?"
Suddenly, my smartphone starts ringing in my hand.
Asuka: "...!"
Surprised by the sudden call, I look at the display. For a moment, I wonder if it might be Itsuki, but I’m wrong.
Asuka: "Miss Hiromi?"
The name and number shown on my display are those of Hiromi Sano... From the ‘Cutesy Laboratory’. Or just the ‘laboratory’, rather. Thinking about it, I suppose I must have exchanged numbers with her last summer at the event. —I wonder what she’s calling me for.
Asuka: "...Hello?"
I pick up the call.
Hiromi: "Oh, Asuka? This is Hiromi Sano."
I can hear Miss Hiromi’s voice. Her tone is bright, but I also pick up a sense of tiredness in her voice.
Asuka: "Oh, yes."
Miss Hiromi might know where Itsuki is right now, and what she’s been up to. I decide to ask her as this thought passes my mind.
Asuka: "Umm—"
Hiromi: "Did you hear from Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Hiromi: "Well, she did it. —She got rid of the ‘laboratory’."
Asuka: "—!?"
I take a gulp of air. So Itsuki was serious!
Asuka: "Well, yes, but I didn’t hear any details..."
Hiromi: "Well, it’s not complicated. I’m not talking about the game club ‘laboratory’."
Miss Hiromi is speaking to me on the assumption that I know what she’s talking about....Well, I do know what she’s talking about.
Hiromi: "Well, we were involved in all kinds of illegal things, and we sold some pretty dangerous drugs as well."
Asuka: "Huhh!!?"
Hiromi: "Itsuki went ahead and provided the proof of all these activities to the police."
Hiromi: "Because of that, all the ‘laboratory’ members have dispersed. I went into hiding for a while as well... though it seems like this is the end of the line."
Hiromi: "Soon I won’t be able to outrun them. This is the end of the line for me."
Asuka: "..."
I’m lost for words. After all, this conversation is so surreal. But then, something crosses my mind.
Asuka: "Oh, but, does that mean that Itsuki will get arrested as well?"
Hiromi: "Probably not. I’m sure they’ve looked into her activities, too."
Hiromi: "But at the end of the day, she wasn’t a real member of the laboratory."
Oh, I feel like I’ve heard that before.
Asuka: "So, where would she be... right now?"
Hiromi: "Hmm, I don’t know about that either."
Hiromi: "Sumika has been raging that she’ll never forgive Itsuki for what she did, so I suppose she’s lying low for a while."
Asuka: "...I see."
If even Miss Hiromi doesn’t know, I suppose there’s no way for me to find out. After summer vacation started, I sent a message to Miss Sakuya, asking her "Have you met up with Itsuki recently?"
She replied to me that she hadn’t.
Asuka: "(Sigh)..."
I sigh without even realizing it.
Asuka: (Where might she have gone to...?)
Hiromi: "Oh, right, never mind about that."
Miss Hiromi sounds as if she was just reminded of something.
Hiromi: "I didn’t call you to talk about that. Let me get to the main subject."
Asuka: "Main subject...?"
Hiromi: "—’ Wizard Nurse Prima ’."
Hearing Miss Hiromi say this comes as a surprise, but at the same time, not really. It’s the game the laboratory was working on as a cover. Itsuki told me that the development had been suspended though... and that it might not get finished. Itsuki wrote the script... the story of it.
Hiromi: "I was thinking of sending it to you, even though it hasn’t been finished."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Hiromi: "I burned it to a CD, so it’s playable up until just before the ending."
Hiromi: "Well, the different story junctions haven’t really been completed either, so it’s just a matter of clicking through the single story line."
Asuka: "...But why me?"
Hiromi: "Well, I thought it would be a waste to just leave it behind like that... And sending it to Itsuki wouldn’t make much sense right now..."
Hiromi: "And since you’re the official cosplayer , I thought it would only be right for you to have the game."
Asuka: "I-I wonder..."
I don’t really understand.
Hiromi: "I haven’t mailed it yet, but it’ll probably arrive there in about four to five days."
Asuka: "I see... Oh, by the way!"
Hiromi: "What? I can’t be on the phone for too long."
Asuka: "Can I ask you just one thing?"
Hiromi: "Sure, one question is okay. But try to keep it short."
Asuka: "Why did the development of ‘ Prima ’ get suspended?"
Hiromi: "...Hm."
Miss Hiromi keeps silent for a moment.
Hiromi: "That might have been my fault."
Asuka: "Your fault?"
Hiromi: "I don’t really understand it either though."
Hiromi: "...I noticed something, when ‘ Prima ’ was mostly finished."
Hiromi: "I told Itsuki that I thought Prima reminded me of a TV show called ‘ Powered by Angels ’, from a long time ago."
Asuka: "‘ Powered by Angels ’..."
I’ve never heard of this TV show.
Hiromi: "That night, Itsuki worked some more on ‘ Prima ’ by herself..."
Hiromi: "And the next day, she announced that she had decided to cancel the project. —Just like that."
 
Asuka: "Huh? But, why...?"
Hiromi: "I don’t know that much either. I’m sorry, but I have to hang up. I need to stay on the move."
Asuka: "H-hey, wait a second!"
I say this even though I don’t think she can wait any longer. But though I thought she’d hang up right away, that doesn’t happen either. At last, Miss Hiromi says one more thing.
Hiromi: "She... Itsuki got rid of the ‘laboratory’ for your sake, didn’t she?"
After Miss Hiromi says this, the line is disconnected. That night, I lie in my bed sending text messages. ‘Where are you now?’ No reply. ‘You’re reading my messages, aren’t you? Please answer me.’ No reply. ‘Come on! Answer me!’ No reply. ‘...I want to talk about Itsuki. Can we talk?’ ‘Come to my dorm room tomorrow. I’ll be there.’
====================scr00509.kgo====================
After classes have ended, I head towards Itsuki’s and Miss Sakuya’s room. I stand in front of the door and ring the bell.
Sakuya: "—It’s not locked, come in!"
It’s been a while since I heard Miss Sakuya’s voice. I swallow with an audible gulp, and open the door.
Sakuya: "Welcome, Asuka."
It’s been a while since I’ve seen Miss Sakuya’s face.
Asuka: "It’s been a while. Have you been back home the whole time?"
Sakuya: "Yeah, I just happened to swing by today... I still have to return home later."
Asuka: "That sounds tough..."
Sakuya: "Big houses have big complications. My mother used to run the family all by herself."
Asuka: "I see... Oh, what about school?"
Sakuya: "I decided to take a leave of absence. I came to officially notify the school."
Asuka: "Huh, does that mean...?"
Sakuya: "Yes, I will repeat the year. Next year, I’ll be doing the second year over again."
 
Asuka: "..."
I’m not sure how I should respond to that.
Sakuya: "I thought about it realistically and... and I decided not to try to do the impossible. I think this is the best decision."
Asuka: "...Yeah, I suppose, it is. It would be just too tough otherwise."
I understand it logically. My head understands it. But...
Asuka: "So we won’t be in the same classes anymore—"
Sakuya: "I never imagined that I’d be the one to end up behind one year. It’s funny, isn’t it?"
Miss Sakuya says this and has a little laugh, but I vigorously shake my head.
Asuka: "I don’t think it’s funny....It’s just really unfortunate..."
Sakuya: "Yeah well... So, you wanted to talk about Itsuki?"
As Miss Sakuya brings the conversation to the main topic, my heart starts beating in my throat.
Sakuya: "I’ve tried contacting her because I was curious what she was up to, but she isn’t answering her phone or messages."
Sakuya: "It’s not the first time that something like this has happened though, so I haven’t been that worried..."
Sakuya: "Do you know more about it then?"
Asuka: "Umm, there are a few things that I do know about it—. Let’s see..."
Sakuya: "Oh, wait."
I was just about to start stuttering my story, but Miss Sakuya stops me. I’m a little taken aback.
Sakuya: "I saw some delicious looking apples at the fruit store in front of the station, so I bought some. I’ll go ahead and peel one."
I notice a grocery bag on the ground near Miss Sakuya’s feet. It’s filled with bright red, ripe apples. Miss Sakuya enters the kitchen and comes back with a kitchen knife. She sits down on her desk chair and starts peeling one of the apples slowly and carefully.
Sakuya: "I’m ready now. Please talk."
Asuka: "S-sure... I didn’t know you could peel apples."
Sakuya: "Isn’t that a rude thing to say? Did you think I couldn’t?"
Asuka: "Well... You’re a lady after all, so I thought..."
Sakuya: "Hehe, you’re right. I only learned it pretty recently."
Asuka: "Oh really?"
Sakuya: "It was last year, when my mother fell ill, and I took care of her before she died."
Sakuya: "She really insisted on having me peel apples for her to eat."
Asuka: "Your mother..."
Sakuya: "She didn’t want to leave behind a daughter who couldn’t peel apples, or something like that— Though she can’t even peel apples herself."
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Sakuya: "So?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "You wanted to talk about Itsuki, didn’t you?"
Asuka: "Oh, r-right."
Right, that’s why I texted Miss Sakuya yesterday night, and that’s why I’m here. Not sure how much exactly Miss Sakuya knows, I start talking.
Asuka: "A lot’s happened during the time you’ve been back at home. I’ll start from the beginning."
I tell her about how Itsuki showed me that video at the karaoke place. And about all the times we met to talk about the past.
Sakuya: "(Sigh)... Oh, that Itsuki—"
Miss Sakuya heaves a big sigh and speaks with astonishment.
Sakuya: "I guess it can’t be helped now that she’s talked to you about it..."
Sakuya: "Nao must have been upset. Because Itsuki broke her promise."
Asuka: "No... Or maybe a little bit, but she told me that part of her had already been expecting this to happen. So, she wasn’t that upset."
Sakuya: "I see. Because yes, we did end up meeting each other again here."
We ended up meeting each other again at Teito Academy . Coincidence... or destiny.
Sakuya: "But why did she tell you all those things?"
Asuka: "...I heard from Itsuki..."
Sakuya: "What did you hear from Itsuki?"
Asuka: "...That in the past, you and me used to like each other."
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "So, Itsuki told me she wants me to recover my memories, in order for us to pick up the bond we used to have... or that’s what seems to be her intention."
Sakuya: "........."
Miss Sakuya stays silent for a long time, but then speaks.
Sakuya: "She’s such a fool. —She’s always been a fool."
Miss Sakuya mutters this, while her eyes seem to be gazing somewhere far away, seemingly deep in her own world of thoughts. Not sure whether I should have talked about all of this, I can’t help but just stand there uneasily. Fidget, fidget.
Sakuya: "........."
Fidget, fidget.
Sakuya: "........."
Asuka: "U-Umm..."
Unable to bear the silence any longer, I decide to ask.
Sakuya: "—Hm?"
Miss Sakuya shifts her gaze towards me.
Asuka: "...Do you know anything about... ‘ Powered by Angels ’...?"
Sakuya: "...Why?"
Asuka: "It would take a long time to explain..."
And like this, I continue the story, and tell Miss Sakuya about the ‘laboratory’. Miss Sakuya also knew about ‘Cutesy Laboratory’, but she didn’t know that it had just been a cover to disguise itself to the outside world. I tell her that even though it was just a cover, they were actually developing a game, but that Itsuki unilaterally decided to cancel the project.
Asuka: "And the reason for that, was apparently because of this program called ‘ Powered by Angels ’. I was told it used to be a TV show."
Sakuya: "Yes, I know it."
Asuka: "Oh really?"
Sakuya: "Yes, very well....When we were at the facility, it used to be your favorite superhero show."
Asuka: "My favorite show?"
My eyes are wide in surprise. I couldn’t have imagined that at all! ...That I used to be that kind of girl...
Sakuya: "You used to pretend you were the main character. You even dressed up like her."
Sakuya: "You really liked that show. So that’s why, that night—"
Miss Sakuya has stopped mid-flow.
Asuka: "That night... what?"
Sakuya: "No, never mind, it’s nothing."
Asuka: "Oh, come on! You’re making me curious!"
Sakuya: "Just forget about it."
She lightly glares at me, and I back off in disappointment. I continue talking about the ‘laboratory’. How the ‘Cutesy Laboratory’ was actually a group called the ‘Laboratory’, how I became their target for investigation, and how I got abducted.
Sakuya: "Abducted—!?"
Miss Sakuya had been listening quietly up to this point, but as I reach this topic, she does react with shock.
Asuka: "So, then Itsuki told me she’d get rid of the ‘laboratory’, and she actually went ahead and did it—"
Asuka: "Since then, I have no idea either where she could have gone."
Sakuya: "I see..."
Miss Sakuya drops her tone a little as she says this. And then...
Sakuya: "More importantly— Since when?"
Asuka: "Hm?"
Sakuya: "Since when did you start calling her just ‘Itsuki’?"
Asuka: "Oh, well, that’s because a while ago, she told me to call her that... because I used call her that before."
Sakuya: "I see....I understand."
I don’t feel at all like I explained the whole thing well, but Miss Sakuya looks as if she understands the situation. 
Sakuya: "It seems like a lot has happened while I was away. —Oh, wait a second."
Asuka: "Huh? Okay."
Miss Sakuya picks up the apple she peeled, and heads to the kitchen. She comes back with a white plate and two small forks. She sits back down on the chair and looks at me.
Sakuya: "Asuka, are you in love with Itsuki?"
Asuka: "—!"
As Miss Sakuya asks me this all of a sudden, I feel a shudder course through my body. I can’t answer that question. I don’t understand why she’s asking me this. She is the one who’s supposed to be Itsuki’s girlfriend. I don’t know how to answer.
Asuka: (But, why?)
It’s obvious how I should really answer this question... I should say that that I’m not in love with her. But I can’t say that.
Asuka: (Why?)
Asuka: "...I don’t know."
I say this.
Asuka: "Itsuki is mean, and I never know what she’s thinking—"
Asuka: "I used to think I couldn’t get along with her, that I hated her, but..."
‘Asuka’ Though it’s my name, it always felt painful when she referred to me like that. But still... "I won’t cause you any more trouble. Rest assured that something like this won’t happen a second time."
Thinking about it now, I feel like... something’s not right about the way she says ‘Asuka’. Just remembering her voice makes me feel a tightness across my chest.
Sakuya: "So, you don’t know, right now?"
Asuka: "...Right, but it’s just... It makes me feel a pain in my chest."
Sakuya: "I see."
Asuka: "...I’m sorry."
Sakuya: "No need to apologize. I was the one who asked."
Asuka: "But—"
Sakuya: "Like I said, there’s no need for you to apologize."
(Stab.) Miss Sakuya plants her fork in one of the apple slices on the plate... And then holds it out to me.
Sakuya: "Please."
Asuka: "...Th-thank you."
I hesitantly accept the apple slice. Miss Sakuya also picks up a slice for herself with the other fork, and elegantly brings it to her mouth. Following her example, I also take a bite from my apple slice. We go on eating the apple for a while without exchanging any words. The apple tastes sweet. After finishing the apple, Miss Sakuya takes the fork back from me.
Sakuya: "I’ll go put this in the sink."
She stands up from the chair and walks over to the kitchen. And then, I catch a glimpse of her face as she goes.
Sakuya: "—"
She looks as if she’s crying, but I can also see something like a faint smile on her face.
Sakuya: "Itsuki is—"
I can’t catch the last part of her murmur. Two days later, a package is delivered to our dorm room. It’s a small cardboard box. Wondering why Hiromi used a whole box just to send a single disc, I accept the package.
Asuka: "Nao..."
I take the disc from the box, and ask Nao.
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis?"
Asuka: "Would this disc fit into your tablet computer, Nao?"
Nao: "Not like that, but we can connect an external disc drive—"
Because I don’t know how that works, I’m leaving that to Nao. Nao is doing it for me without even asking me about the details. She’s such a great sister! And then, about ten minutes later—
Nao: "I copied the data to the tablet . It should work now..."
Asuka: "Wow! Thanks, Nao!"
Nao: "Hey, sis, could this be... ‘ Prima ’?"
Asuka: "Yeah, though apparently it’s an unfinished version. But they told me it’s playable."
I explain this to Nao as she hands me the tablet .
Nao: "I see. Well, I’ll be studying at my desk, so if you get stuck, you can ask me."
Asuka: "Okay, I will."
Nao goes to her desk, and I sit down on the floor and touch the screen of the tablet . I go ahead and launch the unfinished version of ‘ Wizard Nurse Prima ’.  The title screen pops up, but there’s no sound or background music. The screen features an innocent looking girl ( Prima ) in the signature Prima pose, wearing a costume I’m quite familiar with. Her smile looks heroic and cute at the same time.
Asuka: "...That’s...me."
I tap the screen, and the game starts. As Miss Hiromi told me, playing this unfinished version of Prima is basically a process of merely clicking through a single story line. I don’t know though exactly how similar ‘ Prima ’ is to this show called ‘ Powered by Angels ’. I don’t know that, but still... After reading on for about an hour, I understand. I understand it completely, the message which Itsuki put into ‘ Prima ’.
Asuka: (...Maybe... she didn’t realize it herself.)
I continue reading the story with some breaks in between. It’s already night time.
Asuka: "..."
I exchange goodnights with Nao, and continue reading in my bed. Miss Hiromi told me that the game was playable until right before the ending, but the story is already reaching some kind of climax. Prima is facing off against a queen-like character who has been secretly controlling Virilius, the evil force threatening the world. But because Prima has awakened all sorts of special powers inside herself, the Queen cannot defeat her. Even so, the Queen keeps on attacking. She keeps on attacking, again and again. Even though Prima suggests they stop fighting.
Asuka: "...What’s up with that?"
And then, the battle ends with the Queen basically destroying herself. The Queen shares her final words with Prima , and then the game stops. I can’t see the ending because it hasn’t been made yet.
Asuka: "...What’s up with this?"
I mutter this to myself, staring at the still screen. At the end of her battle with Prima, the Queen’s powers start to run rampant and her body gets consumed, turning her into a monster of unstable energy. And then, she proceeds to try to integrate Prima into her own body. But even that seems to be no match against Prima’s powers, and the Queen’s body starts disintegrating. And then, the Queen’s final words... —I just wanted to become one with you, Prima.
Asuka: "...Isn’t this basically some passionate love letter?"
 From Itsuki to ‘Asuka’. That’s the meaning behind ‘ Prima ’. She probably realized it herself after Miss Hiromi pointed it out, but she couldn’t admit it. And that’s why Itsuki canceled the development of ‘ Prima ’.
Asuka: "...What’s up with that, really?"
An unfamiliar anger wells up in my chest....If I’d really have to put my feeling into words, I’d have to say I feel aggrieved that she would have made something like this. Part of me wants to say, "Hey, look at this!"
"Hey, look at this, it’s just like I told you! You see!"
Asuka: "—Damn it."
I put the tablet aside and pick up my smartphone . I call Itsuki’s number, but she doesn’t pick up. I send her an angry message, but she doesn’t reply.  Being ignored yet again only adds fuel to my rage.
Asuka: "...I won’t be satisfied until I can say at least something to her about this."
Though I’m not sure what exactly I want to say to her.
Asuka: "...I won’t be satisfied until I drag her out of her little hiding hole."
I have no clue how to go about that though.
Asuka: "Ah, come on, think, think!"
My jellyfish-ish brain goes into full operation. My mind is so active that I just can’t fall asleep that night. And finally, just around the time when my duller-than-dull mind becomes aware of the first morning light behind the curtains...
Asuka: "—Oh!"
It comes to me! It seems like my jellyfish-ish brain can produce something good once in a while too! Could I call this... a brilliant idea...? Hm, but it’s a pretty reckless plan though. I don’t think the chance of success is that high either, and in the end, I won’t be able to pull it off on my own. I’ll need help for this....But this might be the only option.
Asuka: "Let’s do it."
I know that I won’t come out of this unscathed myself, but I have no time to worry about that.
Asuka: "No, I’ll do it!"
I look at the calendar. I search my memory. There’s probably not much time. I’ll have to move immediately— A few busy days pass by. First, I make some phone calls.
Asuka: "Oh, hello! Yes, it’s me! Yes, it’s been such a long time! We haven’t seen each other since leaving high school, right?"
Asuka: "I live in a dorm now. Are you enjoying college?"
Asuka: "I see... Ahaha, nursing school is really tough, you know..."
Asuka: "No, that’s not what I’m calling for."
Asuka: "I know it’s pretty sudden because we haven’t seen each other for a while, but I have something to ask you."
Asuka: "—Yes, there’s something I’d like you to help me with."
I’ve asked all kinds of people for their help, and I’ve made all kinds of arrangements. Through a super-tight schedule, I’ve somehow managed to rush all the pieces into place.
Asuka: "Wow! This is costing me more money than I anticipated! What now?"
I end up getting some help (donations) from Nao. And now... I’m facing the morning of the ‘the big day’! It’s early morning—
Asuka: "...Alright."
I’m dressed up in Prima ’s costume. I didn’t expect that the day would ever come that I’d be wearing this costume again... Especially of my own free will... It had been in the box Miss Hiromi sent me, together with the ‘ Prima ’ game. Though Miss Hiromi definitely wouldn’t have expected that I’d be using it for this. I look at my reflection and mutter to myself how much I’m hating this.
Asuka: "Now things have come to this, I’ll have to depend on you."
I’m saying this to Prima , as well as to my past self. To ‘Asuka’, whose personality Itsuki gave to Prima . I do think... that it’s a little desperate. But in order to get Itsuki into the open, this is the only way. This is as far as my jellyfish-ish brains can take me.
Nao: "S-sis... y-you really..."
Having helped to dress me up, Nao looks at me with an expression filled with adulation.
Nao: "You really look so cute, sis—!!!"
Asuka: "U-umm..."
I’m not exactly sure how to respond to that. I avert my gaze and look at the calendar. Today’s date is highlighted in red pen.  And there’s something written under it as well, written by me. ‘The Big Day!’ I remember the email I sent to Itsuki yesterday. ‘The game will be sold at tomorrow’s event. The location is—’ I contacted some friends from high school who were big into doujin things (former members of the Jellyfish Club).  I knew they’d have a stand at this event where they sell doujin magazines . I asked them if they could add ‘ Prima ’ to their assortment, and they agreed. I wasn’t sure if they’d agree, and I asked them really last minute, so I was pleasantly surprised that they did. "It’s still unfinished."
"It’s no problem if it doesn’t sell, I just need you to put it there."
It was a really weird thing to ask, but my friends agreed anyway.
Asuka: "Alright... let’s go!"
I slap my cheeks to give myself some extra vigor. I told my friends I’d meet them in front of the event hall. All that’s left is to head over there— ...When suddenly.
Nao: "Oh, but, sis..."
Nao looks at me with a concerned expression.
Asuka: "Hm? Yes?"
Nao: "I just realized this now, but... I mean, I really, really love this outfit, but..."
Asuka: "But...?"
Nao: "Are you going to wear this on your way there?"
Asuka: "............"
Nao: "Oh, maybe you could wear something over it—"
Asuka: "...Okay, I’ll change."
Nao: "...Yeah, I think that would be best."
I ended up putting this on for nothing. I change into some normal clothes and leave the dorm.
Nao: "Good luck, sis!"
Nao waves at me as I go. I just told her that I’m doing this in order to "get Itsuki out in the open,"
but I haven’t told her anything else. But, because it’s Nao after all, she’s probably figured out a big part of it.
Nao: "I hope it works out!"
But... I don’t know about Nao’s true feelings behind those words. So I just nod at her. Noise. Noise. Sweat. Sweat. Noise. Noise. Sweat. Sweat. Beeeeep (signals).
Asuka: "It’s been a year, I guess..."
One year since Itsuki forced me into this Prima costume. When she made me say those lines and adopt those poses... Summer last year....This time, though, I’m wearing it of my own free will.
Asuka: "I wonder if Itsuki will show up."
Friend: "Who’s Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, never mind."
Friend: "Okay... —Oh, one copy will be 1000 yen!"
My friends are pretty busy. The magazines on their tables get sold one after another. Sitting down, I look in front of me. ‘ Wizard Nurse Prima (Unfinished) ※Release Date Unconfirmed’ There’s no way anyone would buy it. I’m really too naive.
Asuka: "...Will Itsuki show up?"
No sign of her (damn it!).
====================scr00510.kgo====================
The speakers announce that the event has reached its closing time. The remaining people in the hall all join each other in a round of applause. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap— My friends’ magazines were already sold before afternoon, so they already cleaned up their things and went to check out the rest of the event, since they didn’t have anything else to do. They’re not back yet. They must be clapping their hands too, somewhere inside the hall. Of course, ‘ Prima ’ hasn’t sold a single copy. There have been some people who picked it up out of interest, but that was it. On the other hand, there were countless people who wanted to take cosplay pictures of me.  The applause goes on for a long time. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap—
Asuka: "...(Sigh)."
Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap— And then, blended into the sound of the applause,
???: "You’re probably pretty embarrassed, selling such a lame product dressed in such a lame outfit. Actually, it looks like you didn’t sell any at all."
A voice. For a moment, I think my friends have returned. I look in the direction where I heard the voice from.
???: "How do you expect to sell anything with a sign like this?"
Asuka: "...Itsuki!"
It’s Itsuki! She came! She really came! —I was able to make her show herself! 
Asuka: "Itsuki!"
I wonder how long it’s been. A month? I feel like it’s been both a really long, and a really short time. One month. I know I’ve been thinking about her this whole time. I realize that the moment I see Itsuki. But I really don’t know whether it’s because I love her or I hate her.
Itsuki: "What’s up with that face? You look like you’ve seen at a ghost! —Oh damn, I guess that makes me the ghost!"
Itsuki shifts her gaze from my dumbfounded face, and she picks up a copy of ‘ Prima ’.
Itsuki: "This was Hiromi’s doing, wasn’t it?"
Asuka: "...Yeah."
Itsuki: "I never asked her to do such a stupid thing."
The way she spits it out so hatefully is getting me instantly annoyed. 
Asuka: "Why do you have to be so spiteful?"
Itsuki: "It made me come to this event which otherwise I wouldn’t have had any interest in. What a nuisance."
Asuka: "A nuisance...?"
Itsuki: "So? You played it, right?"
Itsuki gestures to the CD case.
Asuka: (—Oh.)
And then, I remember. I remember how by playing ‘ Prima ’, and getting to know Itsuki’s feelings for ‘Asuka’, I had felt like I wasn’t going to be satisfied until I could tell her something about it. And now, having carried out this reckless plan, I’ve finally gotten myself face to face with her.
Asuka: (...Huh?)
The thing I wanted to tell her...
Asuka: (What was it again that I wanted to tell her?)
...I hadn’t decided! The most important thing!
Asuka: (Oh no...!!!)
As I’m in the process of losing my mind on the inside, I glare at Itsuki with stern eyes.
Asuka: "Yes, I did! And now I have something I want to say to you!"
Itsuki: "Hm, and what would that be?"
Asuka: "W-well—..."
Itsuki looks at me with a slight grin. I start exclaiming, relying on momentum alone.
Asuka: "—!!! The main character in Prima is ‘Asuka’, and the enemy queen is you, isn’t it!?"
Asuka: "Isn’t it just like I told you? That you’re the one who’s so focused on ‘Asuka’, more than anyone else! The whole game was proof of that!"
Asuka: "In the end, aren’t you the one who can’t let go of your memory of ‘Asuka’!?"
I say all of this in one go, so I need to catch my breath.
Asuka: "(Pant)... (pant)..."
Coming to my senses, I realize that the applause has ended, and people in the hall are staring at us from a distance. Well... I guess it’s not hard to understand how a beauty like Itsuki getting in a quarrel with a girl dressed up in a costume would attract attention... Itsuki was silently listening to what I had to say, but...
Itsuki: "What are you talking about?"
Her tone alone is already making a big fool out of me.
Asuka: "What do you mean, what am I talking about!? How can you say that!?"
Itsuki: "Isn’t that what you told me before at the karaoke place?"
Itsuki: "Did you do all of this stuff and put on that costume just to tell me the same thing again?"
Itsuki: "Don’t tell me that... you got addicted to cosplaying?"
Asuka: "N-no I didn’t!"
I deny it, but... what Itsuki says is true.
Asuka: (It is the same thing—)
What I wanted to tell Itsuki in the end.
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
I try desperately to come up with something to say, but nothing comes out. I’m such an idiot! —Then for some reason, Itsuki’s face becomes serious.
Itsuki: "Well, let me say what I have to say, too, then."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Itsuki: "In fact, you’re entirely correct. I used to be obsessed with your past self; not with who you are now."
Itsuki: "The you I used to know amazed me, vexed me, inspired me and angered me! ...But now look at you!"
Itsuki: "It’s almost as if you just forgot yourself somewhere along the way and turned yourself into a foolish piece of junk without any trace left of your former self...!"
Itsuki: "Well, I guess the foolish piece of junk part still remains the same."
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
Itsuki: "You—"
Asuka: "A-aren’t you just telling me the same thing too!?"
But as I interrupt what she started to say—
Itsuki: "Well, I guess— I might have been the Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Huh?"
I draw a blank at Itsuki’s words. I give her a long hard look. Itsuki seems to take a deep inhalation.
Itsuki: "I went to see Sakuya and talked with her."
I feel confused at Itsuki’s unexpected words.
Itsuki: "When I opened up to her about... all kinds of things, she told me she already knew."
Itsuki: "She knew about the fact that I was obsessed with the past you, and that I wanted to be like you."
Itsuki: "—She told me she’d known it all along."
Asuka: "She did...?"
Itsuki: "She yelled at me with everything she had, calling me a complete dummy for even thinking that she might not have noticed."
Itsuki: "She really surprised me with how loud she could yell."
Itsuki: "So in the end— she dumped me."
Asuka: "Huh!? She dumped you—!?"
Itsuki: "She told me she could forgive a fool, but not a complete dummy. Then she hit me as well, pretty fiercely—"
Itsuki holds up her hand to illustrate.
Asuka: "...She slapped you?"
I remember that time when I saw Miss Sakuya and Itsuki having that fight in their room. But then, Itsuki squeezes her hand into a fist.
Itsuki: "Nope, she punched me right in the guts, with her fist."
Asuka: "Wha—aaat!!?"
It’s already a big surprise that Itsuki got dumped, but that she also got punched in the stomach!?
Asuka: "Really...!?"
Itsuki: "Nah, not really."
Asuka: "...Huh? U-umm, so, which parts of the story were you kidding about then?"
Itsuki: "She didn’t really punch me. But it’s true that she dumped me. And pretty spectacularly..."
Asuka: "............"
I feel lost for words. Before long, a crowd has gathered around us. I see my friends among the crowd as well. Uhh, this isn’t exactly a public affair... But I don’t want to chase her away. I can’t read from Itsuki’s expression how she’s really feeling.
Itsuki: "—"
It seems as if I can see some pain in her eyes, though she’s trying to act like she’s okay. That’s my impression.
Asuka: (Why would she feel hurt? Because she was dumped?)
I think so for just a moment, but then immediately...
Asuka: (No, it’s because she hurt Miss Sakuya.)
She feels hurt because she hurt Miss Sakuya. From the bottom of her heart. —She feels just like a trembling little child.
Itsuki: "So, Asuka—"
She calls me by my name, not ‘Asuka’, but Asuka. It’s my name—. No logic involved, but I can tell.
Itsuki: "Have you gotten any memories back since then?"
Asuka: "...No, none at all. Not even the slightest indication."
Itsuki: "I see, hmm..."
I don’t quite understand her tone. She’s speaking to me with an almost foolish smile on her face.
Itsuki: "As you know, my former self used to be a quiet, weak spirited, and timid girl who always needed protection from someone."
Itsuki when she was little. The real Itsuki, who was kept hidden by her wish to become like ‘Asuka’.
Itsuki: "So, here we are, a fake copy and a complete dummy. Two dummy girls, that would make a nice couple, don’t you think?"
Asuka: "Huh!!?"
I exclaim hysterically without realizing it.
Itsuki: "...Well, I don’t think it would work out between me and your former self."
Itsuki: "But considering your mess, and the mess I’m in after getting dumped by Sakuya, I think it could work out nicely between us."
What the hell is this girl saying!? (If Nao were here, she’d caution me about my language.) The crowd around us is noisily murmuring. Itsuki moves one step closer to me.
Itsuki: "You love me, don’t you?"
Asuka: "I-I hate you!"
She takes another step closer.
Itsuki: "I didn’t feel any of that hate when I kissed you at the karaoke place."
Asuka: "It was horrible!"
She takes another step closer.
Itsuki: "Haven’t you been thinking about me non-stop this entire time?"
Asuka: "I haven’t been thinking about you! Not even a single time!"
She takes another step closer to me. Her eyes are right in front of mine now.
Itsuki: "Didn’t it feel great when I took you on the back of my scooter?"
Asuka: "That didn’t feel nice at all! I hate you, I hate you, I just hate you, Itsuki!"
My mind is one big blur, and my heart feels about to explode. After doing those awful things to me, after doing all those things almost to deliberately make me hate her... Her spiteful mouth.  She opens it.
Itsuki: "You know—"
Her eyes... I cannot look away from them!
Itsuki: "I do love you, Asuka."
She calls me by my name. These words—they cannot be uttered. They cannot be forgiven. Especially for Itsuki herself, if these words are really true.
Itsuki: "I came to love you....Is it really true that you hate me, Asuka?"
Her eyes are looking right into mine. They look sharp, but fragile at the same time, almost as if they could easily be shattered with the slightest touch.  ...With those eyes.
Asuka: "—!"
Unfair, mean, putting on airs, but timid at the same time. Always trying to hide her true self. That’s Itsuki. I—...
Asuka: "It’s not what it seems."
Our lips touch. I can hear how the crowd around us goes wild. (Oh right, we were being watched!) Itsuki’s lips are so soft, so sweet. —And also, a little bit...
Asuka: (The taste of sin.)
Then, in the aftermath— Even during the summer holidays, we’ve been having nursing training sessions now and then. That’s just part of being a second year...  We’ve just finished one of those sessions.
Asuka: "Uhh, I really think I need to tell Miss Sakuya about this..."
About Itsuki and me. I send Miss Sakuya a message: ‘I want to talk.’ I receive a reply from her, saying ‘Okay.’ Miss Sakuya suggested we meet on the rooftop, and she’s already arrived before me....The rooftop. The same spot where Miss Sakuya kissed me that time. It makes me feel kind of—
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
Itsuki: "Worrying about it isn’t going to help. Just go already. She told you to come alone, didn’t she?"
Itsuki is standing next to me, but I feel extremely alone in my endeavor...
Asuka: (But yeah, I really do need to talk to her about this—)
My determination falters again and again, but I finally manage to drum up the courage.
Asuka: "...Yes, I’ll go. I’ll go and talk to her!"
I say this to Itsuki, and start ascending the staircase. I reach the top of the stairs and vigorously open the door. The bright blue sky— And under this sky...
Sakuya: "I’ve been waiting for you."
...Miss Sakuya is standing.
Sakuya: "Asu..."
Before Miss Sakuya finishes speaking.
Asuka: "...!"
I dash forward vigorously, right up to Miss Sakuya. Sliding like a baseballer, I drop to my knees at her feet. I kneel down in front of her.  Without raising my face, I tell her in a single breath.
Asuka: "I’m so sorry, Miss Sakuya! I’m going out with Itsuki!"
Sakuya: "........."
Miss Sakuya doesn’t say a word. Still kneeling, I wait for her to speak, but there’s no sign of that. Though I came prepared to be called the worst names under the sun... In contrast to my expectations, Miss Sakuya’s voice sounds calm when she finally speaks.
Sakuya: "Stand up, Asuka. We can’t talk like this."
Asuka: "S-sure..."
I hesitantly stand up after being calmly prompted to do so. Miss Sakuya is looking straight at me.
Sakuya: "........."
She’s gone back into silence.
Asuka: "U-Umm...?"
Sakuya: "I already heard from Itsuki."
Asuka: "Huh, that we started dating?"
Sakuya: "No, I didn’t hear that part yet. Just—that she was planning to tell you how she felt about you."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Sakuya: "It looks like she did. And I suppose it went well."
Asuka: "Uh..."
Sakuya: "I’m the one who dumped her..."
Sakuya: "...But I’m not a big enough person to just wish you the best with a smile on my face."
I can feel an intense aura of emotion from Miss Sakuya.
Asuka: "I-I s-see...!"
Sakuya: "Now, clench your teeth, Asuka."
Asuka: "Yes!"
I was prepared for this. Miss Sakuya raises one of her hands. I grit my teeth as suggested. I squeeze my eyes shut. I have a general idea of what’s coming— I’m anticipating a slap in the face.
Sakuya: "...!"
Oof!
Asuka: "Ughhh...!!!"
A punch right in the pit of the abdomen...!? As I open my eyes, I see Miss Sakuya’s fist dug deep in the pit of my stomach.
Asuka: (I-I-Itsuki, you liar!)
Then, Miss Sakuya speaks with a smile and a sweet voice.
Sakuya: "Now I can forgive you."
Asuka: "Th-thank you—...!"
A combination of pain and breathing difficulties causes me to collapse to the ground. It’s a wonder I didn’t faint, I think to myself. Miss Sakuya’s voice speaks to me from above. It’s her usual dignified tone of voice.
Sakuya: "Take good care of Itsuki. It seems like I wasn’t the right one for her."
I raise my head. Miss Sakuya’s face looks as composed and beautiful as always.
Sakuya: "...Take good care of her."
But then I notice... she’s crying. Probably. There are no tears, but she’s crying.  So I reply.
Asuka: "—I will."
Miss Sakuya said she wanted to enjoy the breeze for a while longer, so I find myself coming back down the stairs, leaving her by herself. As I return to the bottom of the staircase—
Itsuki: "Hey."
Itsuki is waiting for me, smiling like an idiot.
Asuka: "...Mm."
For a single moment, I feel a sense of annoyance rising up inside of me. (Actually, it’s a little more than that.)
Asuka: "—"
I can’t help staring at Itsuki’s face.
Itsuki: "What is it?"
Asuka: "Nothing."
Why? I don’t know why, but I just know. I know that she wasn’t smiling like that until just a moment before I appeared in front of her. That face, I know it wasn’t so composed—
Asuka: "You liar."
Itsuki: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Never mind. I talked to her, and she punched me in the guts."
She looks me straight in the eyes.
Itsuki: "How many times?"
Asuka: "Hm? Once... why...?"
Itsuki: "She did me twice. She even went on to slap me in the face after that, which makes three times in total."
Asuka: "Wow... she’s so violent."
Miss Sakuya is so intense. Hearing this is making me lose all further motivation to attack Itsuki. Yeah, it’s okay.
Asuka: (But I’m glad that Miss Sakuya really punched me, without holding anything back.)
I suspect that Itsuki feels the same way.
Asuka: "Let’s go."
We start walking, away from Miss Sakuya and the rooftop....Or at least, we try to start walking, when...
Asuka: "Hm?"
Click. My knee bends limply, which buckles and causes me to trip over my foot.
Itsuki: "Hey, what’s up?"
Itsuki supports me just as I’m about to collapse.
Itsuki: "What’s the matter? Are you okay?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah, don’t worry. It’s nothing, I’m fine."
Saying this, I start walking on my own again... but my knee buckles again.
Itsuki: "That doesn’t look fine at all. It looks like Sakuya’s punch got you good—"
Asuka: "No, this has nothing to do with that."
I shake my head. It’s true that I can still feel some residual sensation from Miss Sakuya’s punch, but...
Itsuki: "Ah... I see."
Before I can say anything, Itsuki seems to have realized already. She grins at me teasingly.
Itsuki: "Hehe, it’s because you can finally relax after going through all that stress."
Asuka: "Uhh..."
It’s true, but I feel really embarrassed to hear her say it so directly.
Asuka: "It’s okay, I can w—"
Itsuki: "There."
Before I’m even finished telling her that I can walk by myself—
Itsuki: "There you go."
Asuka: "!?!?!? W-what are you doing—!?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, I’ll carry you. I have to, since you can’t walk."
Saying it so matter-of-factly, Itsuki starts walking. With me in her arms!
Asuka: "No-oooo! This is so embarrassing! And what if someone sees us!?"
We’re still at school... And Itsuki has countless admirers among the students. Among classmates, as well as among older and younger students.
Student: "Oh, Miss Itsuki... She’s carrying someone!?"
Student: "Carrying Miss Osachi!? I can’t believe my eyes!"
Yes, like those girls for example!
Itsuki: "Oh, this is a special case. I don’t do this for anyone but Asuka."
Student: "Oh no! (Sob) >_<"
The girl runs away crying.
Asuka: "Oh no, I’ve got a feeling this is going to be the end of my peaceful school life..."
Itsuki: "Come on, don’t worry about that."
Asuka: "I do worry about that! I want to keep on living my floaty, relaxed, jellyfish-ish lifestyle!"
Itsuki: "That’s a shame. You’re going to have to give it up."
Itsuki tells me this smiling from ear to ear.
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
I feel a mixture of embarrassment, a feeling that I won’t be able to deal with all of this, and a lot of other things. Things have taken a dire turn already.
Itsuki: "Ahahaha!"
I look at Itsuki laughing at me. She’s clearly amused. It’s scary, but yeah, I can also understand those girls’ reactions. Itsuki is such a beauty after all. She looks even more beautiful when seeing her up this close.
Asuka: (Like Nao told me the other day, I wonder if I’m really such a sucker for good looks...)
I might have to admit it. But even though Itsuki is the beauty she is, I know that on the inside, the timid little ‘Itsuki’ is still in there as well. Only I and Miss Sakuya know. "...Take good care of Itsuki."
Asuka: "...(Sigh)..."
I heave a small sigh as I remember Miss Sakuya’s words.
Itsuki: "...? What’s the matter?"
Itsuki looks at me as she asks this. But in her eyes, I can see glimpses of the anxiety that she cannot hide. Glimpses of her true self. So... "...Take good care of Itsuki."
Asuka: (Yeah, you can count on me, Miss Sakuya.)
I look back into her beautiful eyes and exclaim decisively.
Asuka: "As your Princess, I order you to carry me to the end of the world!"
Itsuki: "—Yes, my Princess!"
.....................
Asuka: (Oh no, this really is just too embarrassing!)
I start blushing. This is so embarrassing, just so embarrassing...! But... —I am reminded of the wind. The wind I felt that night when I was riding on the back of Itsuki’s scooter. The wind of that evening. "To the end of the world."
Yeah, the two of us could do that.
Asuka: "Itsuki..."
Itsuki: "...?"
I reach out my hand to touch Itsuki’s face, which is right near mine.
Asuka: "—"
Our lips meet in a kiss—
====================scr00511.kgo====================
—As for what happened after that... Though I had boasted internally that I could be counted on "to take care of Itsuki,"
the way things ended up between the two of us... Well...
Asuka: "Hey, what are you doing in my bed again!? Isn’t the upper bed yours!?"
Itsuki: "Come on, it’s not the end of the world."
Asuka: "The end of the world is not the issue here! It’s time to go to school! We have to get ready!"
It’s morning time, and Nao isn’t in my room. Nao has started living in Miss Sakuya’s and Itsuki’s room, since no one was using it. Miss Sakuya went to live back at home after taking leave. And Itsuki, she’s now living in my room. I’m not sure whether to say she invaded, or she just kind of ‘settled down.’
Asuka: "Hey, get out of my bed already!"
Of course, it’s not like this happened all that suddenly. Ever since we started dating, she gradually started encroaching upon my and Nao’s territory.  She’d just laze about in our room and be all clingy around me....I guess it was also my fault for not putting up even the slightest resistance. In the end, Nao was the one to give in. "It’s all yours."
She quickly took practical measures and exchanged rooms with Itsuki. And that’s where we are now...
Asuka: "Hey, come on, let go of me! Get away from me!"
Itsuki: "I don’t want to. As you know, the real me is just a timid little girl that loves to be spoiled."
Asuka: "I didn’t know about that last part when we started dating!"
When Miss Sakuya asked me to take care of Itsuki, could it be she was talking about this!? Was she talking about this when she told me that she figured she wasn’t the one for her!?
Asuka: "Hey—! What do you think you’re doing, trying to take off my shirt!?"
Itsuki: "I wanna be spoiled. I’m your little baby, Mommy—"
Asuka: "Y-you little pervert!"
Itsuki: "I like the sound of that. Mommy, I need milk—"
 
Asuka: "—! I’m not going to let you suck on anything! Just get out of my bed already!"
Itsuki: "Huh, but, the other day..."
Asuka: "—!!!"
Itsuki grins at me.
Asuka: "Th-that...! Th-that was because...!"
My cheeks are burning brightly red. Really, how did I get myself in this situation...? How did this happen?
Asuka: "Like I already told you, stop trying to take off my pajamas!"
This is what my life is like now, every day. It even happened once that Itsuki dressed me up into the Prima costume while I was asleep... What a troublesome, naughty and bothersome girl I fell in love with! I really don’t know how to deal with this!
Itsuki: "It’s an act of love."
Asuka: "You think I’ll allow you if you say it like that!? Oh no, we’re going to be late for school!"
...But in fact... Sometimes, it’s a tiny (?) bit fun as well.............................................. —And, just as I was thinking that I could wrap up this story with a neat little bow... After school, we’ve decided to do some independent practice of Basic Nursing Skills .
Asuka: "I-I don’t mind independent nursing skills practice, but... why am I wearing Prima ’s costume!?"
Itsuki: "Why are you asking me? You’re the one who put it on."
Asuka: "No! I just put it on because of your smooth words, or deceptive words, rather!"
 
Itsuki: "Very good. Correct."
Asuka: "Yay, I got it right—! ...No, that’s not what I was asking! Why did you make me wear this anyway?"
Itsuki: "Hmm... Because I wanted to see you in it. I wanna do naughty nurse practice with you while you’re wearing that."
Asuka: "Does your libido have any limits!? I-I’ll go change again!"
Itsuki: "No you won’t."
Asuka: "Eek!"
She pushes me down on a sacred patient ’s bed—!?
Asuka: "Hey, Itsuki, wait! What are you doing—!? Hey, are you trying to undress me again!? Don’t do that!"
Itsuki: "Don’t worry, I won’t undress you completely. I just got you to wear your costume after all."
Asuka: "That’s not the issue here! Don’t you know this is a bed for patients !? You shouldn’t do anything naughty like..."
Itsuki: "What are you talking about? I’m being serious here."
Asuka: "—Huh?"
Itsuki: "Isn’t it an important part of a nurse ’s job to understand the feelings of her patients ?"
Itsuki: " Patients need to spend all their time in bed when they’re in hospital, and it’s not like they don’t have sexual desires."
Itsuki: "Isn’t it necessary sometimes to do things like this to look after them?"
Itsuki: "So in a way, this is an important practice in order to find out about how patients feel about such matters—"
Asuka: "Huh—"
Itsuki: "Well, Asuka Osachi, I will undress you now—"
Asuka: "H-hey! Do you really think that’s going to work—!?"
Isn’t this just a sequel to this morning’s games!? 
Itsuki: "Tsk, guess I’ll have to use force then."
Asuka: "N-No—! Somebody help!"
Sakuya: "..."
Nao: "...Hey, Miss Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Yes?"
Nao: "What’s your opinion on that?"
Sakuya: "I think they should just go ahead and die."
Nao: "...You’re so extreme..."
Sakuya: "What’s your opinion then, Nao?"
Nao: "I think they should get themselves kicked by a horse."
Sakuya: "—Hah, we seem to think alike."
Nao: "Ahaha, I wonder if it’s a good thing or not to think alike in this case. I’m thinking of going for some tea."
Sakuya: "What a coincidence, I also just felt like some tea!"
Nao: "Well, let’s go then."
Sakuya: "Yes... Let’s get out of here."
 Meanwhile, totally unaware of this conversation going on in the hallway—
Asuka: "I-I-Itsuki, you’re crazy—!!!"
Itsuki: "Hahaha!"
We may be a couple of dummies, but we’re having fun. (There, I admit it!)
====================scr00512.kgo====================
The speakers announce that the event has reached its closing time. The remaining people in the hall all join each other in a round of applause. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap— My friends’ magazines were already sold before afternoon, so they already cleaned up their things and went to check out the rest of the event, since they didn’t have anything else to do. They’re not back yet. They must be clapping their hands too, somewhere inside the hall. Of course, ‘ Prima ’ hasn’t sold a single copy. There have been some people who picked it up out of interest, but that was it. On the other hand, there were countless people who wanted to take cosplay pictures of me.  The applause goes on for a long time. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap—
Asuka: "...(Sigh)."
Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap—
Asuka: "I guess I should get ready to go home..."
I turn around to take the bag in which I put my change of clothes.
Asuka: (I’ll grab my clothes and head to the changing room—)
I turn my head. I look at the spot where I put my bag that contained my change of clothes... But I don’t see anything.
Asuka: "...Hm?"
Asuka: "...(Pant, pant)... I-I finally managed to make it home...!"
I somehow made it back to the area of the dorm, trying my best to stay out of view, all while wearing Prima ’s costume. Night has already fallen, so I don’t see any people around. No one will see me... probably.
Asuka: "Uhh, why did things have to end up like this...!?"
The reason why, is because the bag with my clothes disappeared. I don’t know whether someone took it by mistake, or if it could have been stolen on purpose. As I was at a loss what to do, my friends recommended I go home just like that, while trying to act normally, as if I were just wearing some unique clothes. I wasn’t quite sure... But in the end, I didn’t have another choice, except for the ‘trying to act normal’ part. That would have been absolutely impossible, so I snuck about in the sneakiest way possible in order to avoid anyone’s eyes. Some children were pointing at me as I was changing trains, but somehow I managed to make it this far. I’m almost at the dorm. This is the most difficult part though. Because, what if I get spotted by my classmates at Teito Academy ? I-I don’t even dare to imagine...
Asuka: "I-I guess it’ll be okay. It’s already pretty late after all..."
Everyone should be in their rooms at this time, and there’s no reason for anyone to go outside. Yeah, I’m pretty sure. I sent Nao a message saying ‘I’ll be home late. Don’t worry.’ But even so, I shouldn’t make it too late. I just have to go for it.
Asuka: "Alright, I made it this far. Just a tiny bit further!"
And just as I’ve prepared myself to make a dash for it...
Itsuki: "—Hey."
Asuka: "—!?"
I hear a voice from a nearby shadow. Surprised, I turn towards the voice—
Asuka: "Itsuki!?"
It’s Itsuki, who hadn’t shown up at the event.
Itsuki: "What’s up with you walking outside in this funny outfit?"
I’m thoroughly confused.
Asuka: "Funny outfit...? Umm... I had no choice..."
My plan to ‘meet Itsuki as Prima ’ hadn’t succeeded because she hadn’t shown up. But now that it’s suddenly become reality in this unplanned fashion... I don’t feel in any situation to be happy about it.
Asuka: "W-w-why didn’t you come to the event?"
Itsuki: "Well... I got caught up somewhere. But never mind that. That’s all over now."
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Itsuki: "Did you really think I would come? By dressing up as Prima and selling an unfinished game?"
Asuka: "I-I did... Do you have a problem with that?"
Yeah, it’s just like in the final scene of the Prima game. Where the Virus Queen shows up in front of Prima. The final battle. I somehow get reminded of that image.
Asuka: "After all, Prima is based on my past self, and the Queen... Well, that’s you, isn’t it?"
Itsuki: "—Hmm?"
Itsuki doesn’t say anything else. She makes it sound as if she knew it all along... That I played the game, and that I read all of that between the lines.
Itsuki: "I suppose I’m not much of a writer if you saw through my inspiration that easily."
Asuka: "That’s not what I’m trying to say...!"
Itsuki: "...But, you know, I’m glad. That I still managed to meet Prima in the end."
Asuka: "...? In the end?"
I don’t understand what Itsuki is talking about.
Itsuki: "Yeah, the end... Since I couldn’t make it to the event... I thought I wouldn’t be able to see you anymore—"
Itsuki’s words... The last part of her sentence is broken off by a painful sigh. And just as she finishes speaking—
Itsuki: "...Ghuh...!"
Itsuki lets out a groan and collapses to the ground.
Asuka: "Itsuki!?"
I rush over to her side in panic. As I get close to her, I immediately notice. Itsuki has a gaping, visibly deep wound on her back. Also, I hadn’t noticed it before because of the darkness, but there’s a puddle of blood at Itsuki’s feet. It’s blood from the wound on her back.
Asuka: "Hey, Itsuki!? How did you get this wound!? Oh, I gotta call an ambulance—!"
Itsuki: "Don’t make a fuss about it. It’s not necessary. I’m beyond saving..."
Asuka: "Don’t be stupid...!"
Itsuki: "Don’t forget that just like you, I’m a nursing student , who’s trained to deal with patients ’ lives."
Itsuki: "I’m well aware that this wound is fatal— let it be."
Asuka: "Huh!? Who... did this to you?"
Itsuki: "...Sumika."
Asuka: "Sumika?"
The moment I hear her name, I remember. I remember Miss Hiromi telling me on the phone how she was enraged about Itsuki getting rid of the ‘laboratory’. She did this... to Itsuki?
Itsuki: "I saw it coming. I wasn’t able to stay out of her reach. It was my mistake."
Asuka: "Don’t talk! I’ll call an ambulance!"
I try to take my smartphone from my bag, but Itsuki grabs my hand. The strength in her hand is surprisingly powerful.
Itsuki: "Let it be. Like I said, it wouldn’t matter anyway."
Asuka: "But!"
Itsuki: "...Hehe, I’m about to disappear in Prima ’s embrace. It’s the same as in the game."
Asuka: "Itsuki!"
Itsuki: "Since you played the game, you know the last thing the Queen said to Prima , right? Her last request."
Asuka: "I told you not to talk!"
Itsuki: "It’s pretty embarrassing... ‘Cause you see, that was actually my wish."
—My heart skips a beat. "I just wanted to become one with you, Prima."
Those were the last words of the Virus Queen. That’s the only thing the Queen had ever really wished for.
Itsuki: "Though it’s not explained in the story, the Queen was originally just a girl who wanted to become a Wizard Nurse... who wanted to become like Prima ."
Itsuki: "I wasn’t aware of it when I wrote it, but... I had been basically writing about myself."
Itsuki: "The Queen wanted to be Prima , just as I, dissatisfied with my boring self, wanted to be ‘Asuka’."
Asuka: "Itsuki, don’t talk anymore! L-let go of my hand! I can’t use my phone like this!"
Itsuki talks on, as if my voice isn’t reaching her ears at all. She doesn’t seem to be feeling any pain. In fact... the expression on her face looks almost as if enraptured.
Itsuki: "So... if I could die in the arms of my beloved ‘Asuka’... well, that wouldn’t be—"
The strength is leaving Itsuki’s body.  Her life is slipping away!  I can’t stop it!
Asuka: "Itsuki! Don’t die, Itsuki!"
Itsuki: "...That wouldn’t be... so bad."
Itsuki’s eyes are slowly closing. I can’t stop it!
Itsuki: "You know—"
Itsuki looks at me with blurry eyes.
Itsuki: "...I just wanted to become one with you, ‘Asuka’."
"I just wanted to become one with you, Prima."
—Another intense shockwave pulses through my heart.
Itsuki: "—"
Her hand that was holding mine loses its grip. Finally devoid of strength, it drops to the ground. She’s not moving.  She’s not talking.  It seems as if she’s fallen into a deep, deep sleep.
Asuka: "Itsuki? Hey, Itsuki!? Wake up! Get a hold of yourself!"
Though my hand is free now, I’ve totally forgotten about making that phone call. I just repeat Itsuki’s name, again and again. In the midst of my chaotic mind, those two voices just keep on ringing in my head.
Queen: "I just wanted to become one with you, Prima."
Itsuki: "...I just wanted to become one with you, ‘Asuka’."
Asuka: (Become one—)
How could such a thing be possible? And every time I hear these voices repeating themselves in my head... Shockwave after shockwave keeps on pulsating right through my heart. As if it’s trying to attract my attention to something. And then— ................................................ One afternoon on a day off. Gentle sunrays are shining into the room. I raise a spoon to my mouth.
Asuka: "Ahm!"
Today’s lunch is stew with (plenty of) meat. Itsuki is sitting across from me, joyfully smiling at me. This is Itsuki and Miss Sakuya’s room, but... Miss Sakuya has been at home the whole time since taking leave from school. So she doesn’t mind if I spend my nights in this room. Yes, I have permission from both Miss Sakuya and Nao.
Asuka: "The magical ingredient in cooking is love, after all!"
Itsuki: "You think so?"
Asuka: "Love has to be the most powerful seasoning!"
After all, today I’m eating Itsuki’s stew. It doesn’t just have plenty of meat, but also gigantic amounts of love! I take one mouthful after another as Itsuki smiles at me.
Asuka: "Hmm, it’s so delicious!"
It’s a blissful meal, that’s what it is.
Asuka: "Hmm, thank you for the meal!"
Having finished eating, I thank Itsuki for the meal politely.
Itsuki: "So, how did you like my food?"
Asuka: "It was pretty good... but, I think I might soon get bored with it."
Itsuki: "Wow, are you trying to make me sad?"
Asuka: "Haha, just kidding! But I do think that I gained some weight from eating too much lately."
Itsuki: "That’s just a matter of doing enough exercise."
Asuka: "But I am doing enough exercise! Still, there’s not so much left anyway—"
I look inside the kitchen. At the fridge... The original fridge that came with the room was too small to put everything inside, so I bought a bigger one. Humm... humm... humm... It’s annoying that it’s a little noisy though. —Well, I did choose it purely on the basis of size and price, so that’s what you get.
Asuka: "I guess tomorrow might be the last of it."
Itsuki: "I see, then you won’t be able to enjoy my food anymore. That’s unfortunate."
Asuka: "Ahaha, you don’t look like you’re finding that unfortunate at all!"
Itsuki: "Hm, I guess so. ‘Cause, after all—"
Just as Itsuki starts saying something, the doorbell rings.
Asuka: "Oh, Nao—"
Nao: "...Sis."
Asuka: "What’s the matter?"
Nao: "Umm, nothing... really. I just came to see how you were doing..."
Asuka: "How I was doing...? Well, I just had lunch with Itsuki."
Nao: "Lunch...?"
Asuka: "Oh, but we just finished, so no need to worry about that!"
Nao: "I see... Would you mind if I came in for a moment?"
Asuka: "Of course not! Come in!"
I let Nao into the room.
Nao: "..."
There’s no sign of Itsuki. Ever since that day, Itsuki hasn’t shown herself to anyone but me.
Nao: "That fridge..."
Nao says this as she looks into the kitchen. There’s a mixture of different expressions on her face. It seems like an expression of anger and sadness at the same time... I don’t know why she’s making that face.
Asuka: (Oh, I see.)
Humm... humm... humm...
Asuka: "Yeah, it makes quite a lot of noise. It was cheap, after all. Can you hear it downstairs?"
Nao: "No, I can’t..."
Asuka: (Then what is it?)
Puzzled, I tilt my head. Nao looks around my room. It’s just me and Nao right now.
Nao: "There isn’t anyone here but you, is there, sis?"
Asuka: "Well, Itsuki is really good at hiding. Once she’s hidden herself, even I can’t find her anymore."
Nao: "I see—"
Nao’s voice is now sounding unmistakably upset. I wonder why? Maybe she feels that Itsuki took me away from her?
Nao: "To me, it seems like..."
Nao says something, but I can’t hear her very well.
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Hm?"
Nao: "Sorry for disturbing you. I’ll be on my way."
Asuka: "Really? Okay, I still have to do the dishes. And I’ll have to prepare the food for tomorrow too."
Nao: "Okay......Well, see you."
Nao’s face looks as if there’s still something she has to say. But in the end, she just leaves without saying anything else.
Asuka: "—Whew."
I return to the table.
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Though Nao has gone, Itsuki hasn’t returned. Puzzled, I tilt my head, but—
Asuka: "Oh, I see. It’s because I’m not eating anymore."
Now I think of it, Itsuki doesn’t show up for anyone but me, and she also goes to hide whenever I’ve finished eating. I only get to meet Itsuki during meal times.
Asuka: "See you tomorrow then, Itsuki."
Oh, but tomorrow’s meal—
Asuka: (I wonder if it might be the last one...)
I think to myself, considering the remaining ingredients in the fridge. I’ll probably run out tomorrow. If that’s the case, it’ll be my last meal with Itsuki. Itsuki will probably stop showing herself in front of me.
Asuka: "—But it’s not going to make me feel lonely, not at all."
I gently caress my stomach as I mutter this to myself. I caress my stomach, full and satisfied after having the stew. As if I’m a pregnant woman, caressing my baby inside my belly. Again and again, gently and lovingly.
Asuka: "I wonder what I’ll prepare for tomorrow."
A feeling of joyful anticipation comes over me as I start imagining it. Meals are so wonderful and fun! Even more so when it’s a dish of your most beloved! Tomorrow will be my last meal with Itsuki, but I don’t feel lonely about it.
Asuka: "Because after all..."
I softly caress my stomach.
Asuka: "We’ll finally be one, Itsuki."
Again and again, gently and lovingly.
====================scr00601.kgo====================
—I have a dream that night. When I wake up the next morning, I’ve almost completely forgotten about it. Just a vague image remains, like a faraway memory. I vaguely feel as if I met someone in my dream... "Hey, Sakuya. Do you know—?"
But... "That’s why I’ll—... protect you, Sakuya."
But, it’s so vague—
Asuka: "...Hmmm—"
???: "—Asuka. Wake up, Asuka. It’s time to wake up!"
Asuka: "Hmm... Just a little while longer, Nao..."
???: "No, you’ll be late for classes! Quick, get out of bed, wash your face and put on your clothes!"
Asuka: "Aww... can you put my clothes on for me, Nao..."
???: "(Sigh.) I wonder if Nao has to go through this every morning."
Asuka: (...Huh? This voice...)
???: "Wake up, Asuka. And by the way, I’m not Nao. I’m Sakuya."
Asuka: "Sakuya!?"
I’m jolted awake at once.
Sakuya: "Good morning, Asuka. You’re finally awake!"
Asuka: "H-huh? I don’t understand. Why are you here in my room?"
Sakuya: "...Nao sent me a text, asking me to do this."
Asuka: "Nao asked you?"
Looking around the room, I don’t see Nao anywhere. I don’t hear any sounds from the kitchen either. I do notice that breakfast has been prepared for me, waiting for me on the table...
Sakuya: "She said she had to leave because of something urgent, and that she forgot to wake you up..."
Sakuya: "She also wrote: ‘I luckily forgot to lock the door, so I think you can go inside.’"
Sakuya: "And then: ‘I made breakfast for her already, so please make her eat, and please make sure she won’t be late.’"
Asuka: "...I-I see..."
Sakuya: "Is it always like this, every morning? I spent five minutes trying to wake up you."
Asuka: "Oh— I’m sorry, Sakuya."
I apologize to her as I’m getting out of bed.
Sakuya: "..."
Asuka: "...?"
Sakuya is looking at me suspiciously.
Sakuya: "..."
Asuka: "Umm... What’s the matter, Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "That."
Asuka: "...? Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "The way you’re addressing me. You’re saying ‘Sakuya’ instead of your usual ‘Miss Sakuya’."
Asuka: "Ohh! You’re right! I’m sorry!"
Sakuya: "It’s nothing to apologize about... It’s strange in the first place to call me ‘Miss’ when I just call you by your name anyway."
Sakuya: "But why the sudden change?"
Asuka: "Hmm... I wonder."
I tilt my head, but then I realize.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s because of the dream!"
Sakuya: "The dream?"
Asuka: "Yes, I don’t remember it distinctly, but,"
Asuka: "I remember calling you ‘Sakuya’, ‘Sakuya’... It felt like the most natural thing inside the dream..."
Sakuya: "...Hmm. I see."
Asuka: "Ahaha, umm... What should I call you now?"
Sakuya: "Call me whatever you like."
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Asuka: (Whatever I like... I wonder if she’s serious. Well then—)
Stop using ‘Miss’ How about a nickname! I’ll just call her ‘Sakuya’ then. Thinking about it, I did once call her that without realizing, before summer vacation at the karaoke place. When I told her I liked her....Maybe that’s why...
Asuka: (...Why it feels a bit special to call her that.)
But, she did explicitly tell me to call her whatever I like... If she really wants me to call her whatever I’d like, I suppose she’d allow this...
Asuka: "Very well then, Sakulina—"
Sakuya: "Anything but that."
Asuka: "...As I thought."
Yes, I kind of expected her to say that.
Asuka: (In that case—)
Asuka: "Okay then... Please allow me to call you ‘Sakuya’ from now on."
—I guess it’s okay. We’ve known each other for more than a year already, after all. "Hey, Sakuya."
That’s how I called out to her in my dream. I don’t know what kind of dream it was exactly, but for some reason, I do remember that aspect of it distinctly. She felt so close, and it felt so natural.
Asuka: "Sakuya."
Sakuya: "Yes?"
I can’t help calling her name, without any real meaning.
Asuka: "Hehe..."
I laugh bashfully.
Sakuya: "—What’s up with you?"
Asuka: "No, nothing...!"
Sakuya: "Alright, just hurry up and eat your breakfast. Nao made it for you, after all."
Asuka: "...Okay."
I nod my head as I say this, and obediently sit down at the table.
Asuka: "Thank you, Nao."
I start eating with a sense of gratitude.
Asuka: "(Chew chew chew)"
Sakuya: "......... (Stare.)"
Asuka: "(Chew chew chew)"
Sakuya: "......... (Stare.)"
Asuka: "(Chew chew chew)"
Sakuya: "......... (Stare.)"
Asuka: "Umm, why are you staring at me like that?"
Sakuya: "Huh?"
Asuka: "Well, you’re making me feel a bit embarrassed and nervous..."
 
Sakuya: "—I’m just making sure that your hand keeps on moving. There’s no time to eat at your usual pace."
Asuka: "Eek, you’re right!"
I’m surprised as I check the time. I finish breakfast, wash myself and put on my clothes. It’s just me and Sakuya inside the room.
Asuka: (Just the two of us—)
I can’t help thinking... I can’t help remembering that time. "— — —I’ve given it back."
What was the meaning of that kiss? And what was the meaning of those words? When I wanted to find out... Sakuya’s mother died, and she had to go home. The right timing kept on slipping away from me, up until this very point. And it’s obvious that Sakuya has been behaving as if she doesn’t even know that it ever happened.
Asuka: (The memory stick .)
Miss Itsuki told me it’s all in there.
Asuka: (I suppose I won’t know anything until I talk to Miss Itsuki.)
Sakuya: "What’s up, Asuka? In a daze again?"
Asuka: "Oh, no. It’s nothing."
Sakuya: "Are you ready? We’ll be late if we don’t leave soon."
Asuka: "I’m ready. Let’s go, Sakuya."
I look at Sakuya as I say this.
Sakuya: "—...Sure."
For some reason, Sakuya hesitates for a moment before replying. Entering the classroom, I notice Nao has already arrived before us.
Asuka: "Good morning, Nao."
Nao: "Good morning, sis....I’m sorry about this morning."
Asuka: "Don’t worry! But, what was this urgent thing?"
It’s highly unusual for Nao to leave the house in the morning like that.
Nao: "Oh, umm... There was something I was looking for, and someone told me some place might have it."
Asuka: "Something you were looking for?"
Nao: "...Hmm... Do you really want to know?"
Asuka: "S-sure."
She’s making it sound very significant, so I hesitate a little.
Nao: "It’s something for you which will help you with your stu—"
Asuka: "Okay, never mind! ...There are some things in the world which are better left undiscovered."
Nao: "Ahaha!"
Nao laughs joyfully.
Nao: "Oh, right, Miss Sakuya! Thank you so much for taking care of Asuka!"
Sakuya: "Oh, don’t worry about it. But I’ve discovered that you must have a hard life."
Asuka: "Hey, don’t say that, Sakuya. I managed to get out of bed, didn’t I?"
Nao: "...’Sakuya’?"
Sakuya: "Yeah, she finally got rid of the ‘Miss’. She told me it was because of some dream."
Nao: "A dream...? Makes sense."
Asuka: "...? How does that make sense to you?"
Nao: "Ahaha, because you sometimes call out ‘Sakuya’ in your sleep."
Asuka: "Whaa... this is so embarrassing!"
Sakuya: "I wouldn’t mind if you also just called me by my name."
Nao: "Hehe, I’ll start doing that if I also start having dreams like that."
As we’re having this light conversation, the school bell rings. The door opens and Ms. Ohara enters the classroom.
Kaede: "Good morning every— Eek!?"
Itsuki: "Sliding entrance! Right on time!"
Miss Itsuki has also arrived, grazing Ms. Ohara’s flank as she enters the room.
Students: "Wow!"
The other students act impressed, though I’m not sure what’s so impressive about this. 
Asuka: "...As long as you’ve got the looks, you can literally do anything to impress people, it seems."
Nao: "Yes, that’s the truth of things."
Nao nods.
====================scr00602.kgo====================
Miss Itsuki navigates through the tablet and shows me that video again.
Little Asuka: "—ko, are you filming?"
...Huh?
Little Asuka: "Hehehe, I’m in the middle!"
I listen to the voice coming from the tablet . It’s a very childlike, high-spirited voice. Following this...
Little Sakuya: "Stop waving the cat around like that! Can’t you be calm for once?"
Little Asuka: "Oh, come on! Who cares? Hm?"
Ugly Cat: "Meow!"
???: "Really, you never think about anyone except yourself..."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
I hadn’t noticed when I saw this the first time.
Asuka: "At the start of the video—"
Itsuki: "Hm? What’s the matter?"
Asuka: "Yes, at the start of the video... wasn’t that me calling out to the one holding the camera?"
"—ko, are you filming?"
The beginning of the word is cut off, but, "—ko"
It’s like I was calling someone’s name.
Itsuki: "Yeah..."
Miss Itsuki keeps silent for a moment, as if she’s carefully choosing her words, deciding whether to tell me or not.
Itsuki: "The one holding the camera was Kyoko."
Asuka: "Kyoko...?"
I don’t recognize this name.
Itsuki: "She’s Sakuya’s twin sister."
Asuka: "What!? Does Sakuya have a sister!?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, she had a twin sister."
Asuka: "...Umm, where is she now?"
Itsuki: "—"
Asuka: "...???"
Itsuki: "She died, in the fire."
Asuka: "She died... in the fire?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, the fire that ended up destroying the facility, you know."
Asuka: "...How did that happen?"
Itsuki: "I don’t know the details either."
Itsuki: "One night, a fire broke out in one part of the facility... and it ended up burning the whole place to the ground."
Itsuki: "The founder died there as well, and because the facility was originally backed by just a single person, all research was aborted."
Asuka: "..."
I can’t help staring at Miss Itsuki in amazement.
Itsuki: "Kyoko died that night."
Asuka: "I see... Since Kyoko... was Sakuya’s twin sister, were they very alike?"
 
Itsuki: "Looks-wise, yes. —But on the inside, not at all."
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Itsuki: "Sakuya has always had this serious air about her, but Kyoko used to be a light-hearted kind of girl that was always giggling."
Itsuki: "But still, she didn’t talk that much either. She always just used to observe us in her own joyful way."
Itsuki: "Yes, she was almost like an angel."
Asuka: "Hm, she must have been so cute. The looks of Sakuya and an angel on the inside..."
Itsuki: "Haha, ‘cute’, huh?"
There’s a sense of sarcasm in Itsuki’s voice as she says this.
Asuka: "Huh? She wasn’t?"
Itsuki: "No, it’s not that she wasn’t cute. She was really cute."
I can’t help noticing something strange in her voice as she says this.
Asuka: "—(Sigh)."
I’ve made it back to the dorm. "Why don’t we call it a day?"
With these words, it was Miss Itsuki who concluded our conversation at the karaoke place. It felt to me as if she didn’t want to talk much about this ‘Kyoko’.
Asuka: "Well, but... I also feel like I already heard too much..."
I feel like my head’s about to burst. There’s such chaos in my mind that I don’t even feel like processing it all. About my memory loss. About the Open Campus Day . About the fact that Sakuya and I used to love each other— They’re all stories that could turn my whole life around. But still, for some reason, the one thing most on my mind is... That name.
Asuka: "Kyoko..."
As I mutter the name ‘Kyoko’ to myself, something inside my head bursts open. "~♪"
"Wow, you’re really good at singing, Kyoko. Especially compared to Sakuya..."
"Leave me alone. Twins don’t have to be the same at everything."
"~♪ Hehe, I love singing!"
Asuka: "Huh— What was that, just now?"
It was as if something popped up, or floated up, from in between the seams of my mind.
Asuka: "A singing voice—..."
I feel as if something’s reverberating somewhere in a far corner of my mind.
====================scr00603.kgo====================
One week later...
Asuka: "Hm?"
I’m heading towards the station, since Miss Itsuki called me out again to meet her at the karaoke place. ‘There’s something I want to tell you about Kyoko,’ she had written. Miss Itsuki said she had to call in at home first, to take care of some preparations, so I went back to the dorm, too, before heading out. Like before, she told me to go inside already and wait for her there, but...
Sakuya: "~♪"
I notice Sakuya sitting on a bench in front of the station. She’s humming a song, seemingly in a great mood.
Asuka: "Sakuya..."
Sakuya: "—Hehe! Oh, Asuka! How are you? Nice weather, isn’t it?"
Asuka: "Yeah, it is..."
Sakuya greets me in a relaxed way. I can’t see anything unnatural about it. But still, I wonder...
Asuka: (Had she been waiting here for me...?)
I can’t help but feel this way, though I’m not exactly sure why.
Sakuya: "Are you out on your own? Groceries?"
Asuka: "Oh, umm, how should I say this...?"
It’s actually a secret that I’m meeting up with Miss Itsuki...
Sakuya: "Or were you going to karaoke? Isn’t solo karaoke great? I love how you can sing without any constraints."
Asuka: "Umm..."
It feels a bit strange, hearing Sakuya talk about ‘solo karaoke’.
Sakuya: "And also, karaoke places are the best for sharing secrets with someone, aren’t they?"
Asuka: "...!?"
I take a big gulp of air.
Asuka: "How... do you know that?"
I say this, unaware of the fact that I’m digging my own grave.
Sakuya: "Of course, I heard it from Itsuki. Hehe, we are lovers, after all. There are no secrets between lovers, you know?"
Asuka: (—She’s lying.)
I can feel it intuitively.
Asuka: (More importantly...)
Asuka: "You are Sakuya... right?"
I ask her this, almost involuntarily. There’s no mistake about it, that this person in front of me right now is Sakuya. We met earlier at school, and she’s still wearing the same clothes. Yes, there’s no mistake about it.
Asuka: (But still—)
She almost feels to me like a different person.
Sakuya: "What a weird thing to say. Of course I am Sakuya. Is there anything strange about me?"
Asuka: "..."
Being asked directly if there’s anything strange about her, I’m not sure how to respond. There’s nothing strange about her. Yeah, nothing strange, but... —At the same time, she’s totally strange. Completely strange!
Sakuya: "How about you—? Are you really ‘Asuka’? Can you prove it?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "It feels weird to be asked such a question, doesn’t it? But yeah, I know you’re ‘Asuka’, there’s no mistake about that."
I’m not sure what Sakuya is getting at.
Asuka: "...Saku...ya."
Unable to understand it... I suddenly feel like I need to get away from here, right now. But my legs aren’t moving. Sakuya looks up joyfully at the blue sky.
Sakuya: "~♪"
Asuka: "Oh..."
Asuka: (—She’s humming again.)
Sakuya: "...? Yes?"
Asuka: "...Well, I recall hearing you say that you don’t really like singing..."
Sakuya: "Hehe, it’s not like I never hum when I’m in a good mood."
Miss Itsuki said the same thing though, when we were coming back from karaoke together one day. That might be true. It might be true, but—
Sakuya: "You’re being such a weirdo, Asuka. Hehe...hehehe..."
Asuka: "—!"
A cold shiver runs up my spine. It feels as cold as ice, but still, the palms of my hands are moist with sweat.
Asuka: "I... I have to go. Bye."
I say this quickly, with my hands clenched into fists. I just want to get away from here. I have to get out of here. These thoughts running through my mind, I start walking away from Sakuya at a quick pace—
Sakuya: "Itsuki won’t be coming."
Asuka: "Huh—?"
My heart starts beating in my throat, and my feet feel as if nailed to the ground. Sakuya stands up from the bench.
Sakuya: "Itsuki started becoming pretty annoying, trying to tell you so much that you didn’t need to know."
This isn’t right!
Asuka: (This isn’t Sakuya!)
Sakuya: "So—there’s no sense in going in."
Saying only this, Sakuya starts walking away. As she disappears into the distance, I faintly hear her humming.
Sakuya: "~♪"
"Wow, you’re really good at singing, Kyoko. Especially compared to Sakuya..."
"Kyo...ko...?"
Asuka: "..."
I enter the karaoke room, but I don’t feel like singing. I just sit down on the sofa and wait for Miss Itsuki. I wait, and wait, and wait, but—
Asuka: "She doesn’t seem to be coming."
I check the time on my smartphone. Well, it’s not like we agreed on a specific time, but I can’t help feeling worried. "Itsuki won’t be coming."
These words keep on swirling about my head, and I can’t help but have a bad feeling about this.
Asuka: "I’ll try sending her a text."
I navigate through my phone and send her a message: ‘What time do you think you’ll get here? Send me a message when you know.’
Asuka: "..."
I wait for a while, but there’s no answer.
Asuka: "Come on..."
"Itsuki won’t be coming."
Asuka: "Th-this is a bit damn much!"
If Nao were here, she’d caution me about my language.
Asuka: "...I could call her."
I try calling her on my smartphone , but...
Asuka: "..."
The phone just keeps on ringing. There’s no sign of Miss Itsuki picking up. The call switches over to her voicemail, but I hang up without leaving any message....I don’t want to think about it.
Asuka: "Did something happen to Miss Itsuki?"
Since waiting is the only thing I can do, I continue waiting. But even after three hours have passed, Miss Itsuki still hasn’t shown up.
====================scr00604.kgo====================
Asuka: "...It’s already night."
It’s dark outside as I exit the karaoke building. In the end, Miss Itsuki didn’t contact me at all...
Asuka: "Nao might be worried..."
Nao: "...Miss Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Yeah, do you know what could have happened to her? I don’t suppose you do... Sorry for asking you such a strange question."
Having returned to the dorm, I just couldn’t settle down, so I ask Nao about it. Though there’s no way she could know anything about it.
Nao: "You couldn’t... contact her?"
Asuka: "No. There was something I wanted to talk to her about, you see."
Nao: "Hm, I haven’t heard from her either after saying bye to her at school, so..."
Asuka: "Okay. Don’t worry about it."
As expected, Nao looks at me with a concerned expression. I nervously shake my hands.
Nao: "Since we’re talking about Miss Itsuki, I suppose you could try asking Miss Sakuya."
Asuka: "Uh!?"
My heart suddenly starts beating in my throat, just from hearing the name ‘Sakuya’.
Nao: "‘Cause after all, Miss Sakuya is probably the person who knows Miss Itsuki the best."
Nao: "Well, they’re still going through a rough time together, but I don’t know of anyone else to ask..."
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
Asuka: "Uhh..."
In the end, on Nao’s suggestion, I find myself heading to their room. "Itsuki won’t be coming anyway."
I do feel strange going to ask the person who told me this in the first place, but......There’s also a part of me that wants to make sure. Because at that time, I really had this feeling that it wasn’t Sakuya.
Asuka: "—Damn it all, I don’t understand what’s going on."
I reach out to press the doorbell of Sakuya’s door.
Asuka: "I hope Sakuya’s back to herself... It would be awful if the strange Sakuya came out again here."
Yeah, that would be really awful. But...
Asuka: "...Here we go."
I push the doorbell, and faintly hear the chime going off inside the room. My heart is racing in my chest. I’m feeling super nervous, almost scared really. A moment later, the door opens up.
Sakuya: "Who’s there—? Asuka?"
Sakuya appears in front of me, and she looks somewhat puzzled at my face, tilting her head.
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
Sakuya: "What would you need at a time like this? ...And what’s up with that face of yours?"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "You look as if you’ve seen a ghost! How rude..."
Asuka: "Aha...ahahaha! Sorry, yeah, it’s nothing."
This is Sakuya. The girl standing in front of me now is Sakuya.
Sakuya: "...??? What’s the matter with you?"
Asuka: "Umm, well... Do you have a moment?"
Sakuya: "...Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Yeah, have you heard anything from her since school finished?"
Sakuya: "No, I didn’t have any particular business with her anyway."
Asuka: "I see. Well, I tried contacting her because there was something I wanted to talk to her about, but I couldn’t get reach her at all—"
As I explain it in a bit of a roundabout way, Sakuya heaves a small sigh.
Sakuya: "...Well, that’s Itsuki for you. She just doesn’t reply to messages or pick up the phone when she doesn’t feel like it."
Asuka: "I see. Umm, but, I thought something might have happened—"
Sakuya: "...? Are you worried about her?"
Asuka: "...Umm, well, a little bit."
It feels a little weird saying that to the person who’s the source of my worries.
Sakuya: "Let’s try sending her a text message."
Saying this, she picks up her smartphone . She types a short message and sends it. Almost immediately, a reply comes in.
Sakuya: "That’s unusually fast."
Asuka: "Huh, she replied!?"
Sakuya: "Yeah, I just sent her a simple message asking her where she’s at."
Saying this, she shows me her phone’s display. ‘I’m at home.’ It’s a short reply, but I can’t say it’s not in Miss Itsuki’s character to reply like that. It’s also been sent from the same address which I have for her.
Asuka: "W-what’s going on...?"
I’m confounded. If she can reply to Sakuya, why couldn’t she just reply to me as well?
Sakuya: "I should be the one to ask you that. What’s going on with you?"
Asuka: "No, it’s nothing. It’s nothing, I was just a little worried."
Sakuya: "Worried?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah, but it’s nothing, really. I guess it was just a misunderstanding."
Sakuya: "Okay then... I guess."
Asuka: "Yeah... Ahahaha!"
I laugh in a semi-fake way.
Sakuya: "You’re being such a weirdo."
Asuka: "Uh—"
Hearing Sakuya say that, a shiver runs up my spine. That’s because these are the same words ‘Sakuya’ said to me earlier in front of the station. The vibe is totally different though.  The Sakuya with me now is the Sakuya I know.
Asuka: "I’m sorry for having wasted your time. Were you doing homework?"
Sakuya: "Oh don’t worry. I already finished my homework. Just now, I was—"
Sakuya words are stuck for a moment.
Asuka: "...???"
Sakuya: "...Well, there’s this diary."
Asuka: "Diary?"
Sakuya: "I wanted to start reading... or rather, I was deciding whether I’m going to read it or not."
Sakuya walks over to her desk as she speaks. As I look over, there’s an old-looking book lying on her desk. Is that the diary? As she softly touches the cover with her hand, she explains.
Sakuya: "It’s my mother’s diary. It came up when organizing her things."
Asuka: "Your mother’s? Wow..."
Sakuya: "I knew my mother was keeping a diary as a way of remembering things. She was a well-organized person after all."
Sakuya: "When I was little, she sometimes let me read it."
Asuka: "I see..."
"I was deciding whether I’m going to read it or not."
Asuka: "So... What’s the problem then? Why wouldn’t you read it?"
Sakuya: "I never knew about this diary."
Asuka: "—Huh?"
Sakuya: "This is not... the diary I knew. My mother... she was keeping two diaries."
Asuka: "Hmm... I don’t really understand."
Sakuya: "This second diary was hidden behind the bookshelf. When I asked the others in the house about it, nobody had any idea. My mother always took care of things herself."
Asuka: "A secret diary..."
Sakuya: "There was a message on the first page of the diary, in my mother’s handwriting."
Asuka: "What did it say?"
Sakuya: "‘If something were ever to happen to me, don’t ever let my daughter read this diary.’"
Asuka: "Wow..."
Sakuya: "It seems like she didn’t consider the possibility that I could be the one to find it first."
Sakuya: "She probably didn’t expect me to be the one to take up the job of organizing her things..."
"I was deciding whether I’m going to read it or not."
Asuka: "Oh, so that’s why—"
Sakuya: "Yes, that’s why it’s hard to decide whether it’s okay for me to read it or not."
Asuka: "Do you think it’s about the past? Maybe something about the facility—?"
Sakuya looks at me with a shocked expression as I mumble this.
Sakuya: "Asuka, you—!?"
Asuka: "Oh, well, umm, I-I heard from Miss Itsuki. I, umm, don’t remember anything about it myself!"
Sakuya: "Itsuki told you!?"
Sakuya comes at me with amazing force, and I take a step back.
Sakuya: "What did Itsuki tell you!? Tell me everything!"
I did get the feeling from Miss Itsuki that she wanted this to stay between me and her, but...
Asuka: "Y-yes ma’am!"
Unable to resist Sakuya’s pressure, I end up spilling all of it....Well, except for the part about ‘Kyoko’. Though rather than keeping it hidden, it would be more correct to say that I just forgot to mention it...
Sakuya: "..."
Silence from Sakuya! It’s making me feel kind of terrified!
Sakuya: "You guys—"
Asuka: "Y-yes?"
Sakuya: "—are fools."
She says this in a low, heavy voice, and I can hear her irritation as she says the word "fools."
Sakuya: "Nao went to so much trouble... and it was so hard for me too, to act as if we had just met for the first time..."
Asuka: "W-was it...?"
Come to think of it, Sakuya isn’t really acting much like her usual self.
Sakuya: "—!"
What a ferocious glare just now!
Asuka: "Oh, well, I’m sorry. Myself, I guess I thought it was destiny."
Sakuya: "Destiny...?"
Asuka: "Y-yeah... When I met you the first time at school, it felt to me almost as if I saw a star in the sky..."
Sakuya: ".........Hm."
Huh? Sakuya seems to be blushing a little.
Sakuya: "Well, we can’t do much now that the cat’s out of the bag. Did you talk about this to Nao?"
Asuka: "...No, not yet."
Sakuya: "It might be better not to tell her. It’ll just worry her unnecessarily."
Asuka: "I see..."
Sakuya: "So? How did it make you feel, hearing all that from Itsuki?"
Asuka: "—Uhh."
Sakuya: "Though Itsuki told you about all of it, it doesn’t seem as if it helped you regain your memories."
Asuka: "Hmm... Yeah, it surprised me to know that I actually suffered from amnesia."
Sakuya: "...Huh?"
Asuka: "Ahaha... Since I’ve never had a good memory, I had always thought that I just kinda forgot about the time when I was little."
Sakuya: "..."
Sakuya keeps silent again. It’s so scary, I really hope she forgives me!
Sakuya: "You are such a gigantic fool!"
She finishes me off in a single stroke.
Asuka: "Uhhh?"
Sakuya: "I’m astonished, by you, and by myself for actually worrying about you this whole time!"
Asuka: "U-umm... When you get so angry at me, I don’t know what to say..."
Sakuya: "...(Glare.)"
Asuka: "Whaa, I’m so sorry!"
Sakuya shakes her head as I apologize to her reflexively. 
Sakuya: "Forget it, it’s not like I want you to apologize....Itsuki should be the one to apologize, for breaking her promise to Nao....Though I don’t think that woman will ever apologize for that."
Asuka: "Wow, ‘that woman’... Oh, but, but!"
Sakuya: "Hm?"
Asuka: "There is one thing I found out thanks to Miss Itsuki telling me this, though."
Sakuya: "...?"
I’m not sure whether this is the right time to say this.
Asuka: "About that kiss, at the school festival ."
Sakuya: "—What!?"
Sakuya’s cheeks are bright red!
Sakuya: "Th-th-th-th-that was—"
Asuka: "That was because... we used to love each other in the past... wasn’t it?"
That might have also been the reason why the kiss gave me a happy feeling inside.
Sakuya: "N-no! That was not the reason why! That was—"
Asuka: "That was...?"
Sakuya: "...I’m not going to tell you. Not to someone who doesn’t remember anything."
She reminds me a bit of a sulking child....There’s something cute about it.
Asuka: "Ohh..."
Sakuya: "It seems like Itsuki wants to bring us back together."
Asuka: "Huh? Yeah..."
"I told her to go back... to the one she used to love."
That’s what Miss Itsuki told me. So, she was talking about me... when she said "the one she used to love."
Sakuya: "Though I told her I have no such intention."
Asuka: "...Uhh..."
Sakuya isn’t leaving any room for misunderstanding.
Asuka: "So, why kiss me then...?"
Sakuya: "I’m not going to tell you. If you really want to know, you have to remember it for yourself."
It’s clear that she’s not going to tell me.
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Those words she said after the kiss could probably be a hint. "— — —I’ve given it back."
Sakuya: "...If you can get through this without remembering, it would be better if you didn’t. Everything that happened in the facility..."
 Sakuya looks at me with a deadly serious expression as she tells me this. I’m not sure how to respond to that.
Asuka: "Well... I’ll be going then."
Having said what we had to say, I decide it’s time to go.
Sakuya: "Take care to keep silent about this to Nao. I’ll make sure to tell Itsuki too."
Asuka: "S-sure."
Sakuya: "Though I doubt that you can actually keep anything hidden..."
Asuka: "...I sometimes wonder how little it is you actually think of me."
Sakuya: "Hehe, it’s just that I know you very well. After everything we went through at the facility. —(Yawn)."
Sakuya yawns.
Asuka: "You just yawned!"
I can’t help pointing.
Sakuya: "...Tsk, I haven’t been sleeping much lately. Combining school with the things at home... Sorry for being human."
Asuka: "I’m not accusing you of anything! I-I see, that must be tough, yes!"
Sakuya: "...Then don’t point it out like that."
It’s kind of cute how she gets sulky whenever she’s embarrassed. (Though she’s scary at the same time!)
Sakuya: "Good night, Asuka."
Asuka: "Good night, Sakuya. It might be a good idea to sleep early today."
Sakuya: "Yeah, I’ll do that—(Yawn)."
After exchanging goodnights, Sakuya moves to close the door, when...
Kyoko: "Don’t come any closer to Sakuya."
Asuka: "—!?"
Kyoko: "If you don’t wanna get stabbed again, that is. Hehe."
The door clicks shut.
Asuka: "...H-huh...?"
I can’t move a muscle.
Asuka: (Was that... ‘Kyoko’... just now—!?)
Asuka: "Nao, Nao, Nao, Nao!"
Nao: "Whoa, w-what happened, sis?"
Asuka: "A ghost story! Something super scary happening in real life!"
Nao: "Huh? You want to hear a ghost story? Hmm, I haven’t heard any new ones lately— Oh, but, if you want to hear how that story about the crying girl in the archive room continues—"
Asuka: "No, that’s not what I mean!"
Nao: "...?"
Asuka: "Sakuya might be possessed by a dead spirit!"
Nao: "........."
Nao stares at me blankly. But then, she proves once again what a great sister she is.
Nao: "Okay, sis. Why don’t you just calm down and tell me the whole story."
Nao responds to me with compassion.
Asuka: (I guess she’ll need a proper explanation...)
But, in order to explain this to her... I’ll have to tell her everything. I’ll have to tell her what I know. And that wouldn’t only be about Sakuya—
Asuka: (Also everything about my past... and about the facility.)
And if I talk about that... I’ll be stepping into territory which Nao has been hiding from me....I wonder if it’s okay to do that.
Asuka: (No, in fact, I should have talked to her about these things much sooner. Such important things...)
I resolve myself and take a deep breath.
Asuka: "(Breathe in—... Breathe out—...) Let me start from the beginning."
We talk until deep into the night.
====================scr00605.kgo====================
The next day. Sakuya has to go back home, so she’s only attending the morning classes. Because of her recent absence, I heard she has to take supplementary classes on Saturdays and Sundays too, every week. Miss Itsuki has come to school as usual. I told her I wanted to ask her during lunch break about what happened—
Itsuki: "So, what is it you wanted to—?"
Miss Itsuki is the one to open up the conversation, but Nao comes in to interrupt her.
Nao: "First things first!"
Itsuki: "Hm? What’s up with you, Little Osachi?"
Nao: "You told Asuka everything, didn’t you? Even though you promised me that you wouldn’t!"
Talking to Nao about everything yesterday was definitely a big deal, but she told me that she already had a faint intuition that Miss Itsuki had told me about the past....Well, I’m really bad at hiding things from her after all... According to Nao’s story, when I was little, I was put into Haizawa Pediatrics Research Center after being diagnosed with a disease that was going to be very difficult to treat. But actually, this disease was made up by the clinic... or by the research facility, rather. The reality was just as Miss Itsuki had told me. Nao also told me that it was true that on the Open Campus Day, she asked Sakuya and Miss Itsuki to act as if they were meeting me for the first time. After talking everything through, Nao apologized for having lied to me. I’m surprised by the extreme seriousness of Nao’s apology. Of course I forgive her, but the seriousness in Nao’s tone seems strange to me.
Asuka: (I wonder if she might have imagined me getting really angry about it.)
It seems like she thinks she has to get down on all fours and beg for my forgiveness... But it’s not like I was going to be angry about it at all.
Itsuki: "—Haha!"
Nao is glaring sharply at Miss Itsuki, but Miss Itsuki lightly laughs it off.
Itsuki: "Well, I’m really bad at lying, you see. I’m sorry, I’m sorry!"
Nao: "(Sigh)... I don’t think you—"
Nao starts saying something, but...
Nao: "Never mind. There are more important things to talk about, right, sis?"
Asuka: "Yes, exactly. —So, Miss Itsuki, let’s get to the main point."
Itsuki: "Hm? Ow ow ow, damn, it still hurts."
Miss Itsuki grimaces painfully as she turns her head to look at me. It still hurts...?
Itsuki: "So, what do you wanna ask?"
Asuka: "First about yesterday. Why didn’t you show up at the karaoke place yesterday? I couldn’t even contact you!"
Itsuki: "Oh... right. I was captured."
Nao: "Captured?"
Asuka: "Do you mean... by ‘Kyoko’?"
Itsuki: "Tsk, did she also go to see you, then? Yes, Kyoko. She got me right in the back of my neck with a stun gun. I wonder where she got that from."
As I thought... The reason behind yesterday’s trouble had been ‘Kyoko’, and Miss Itsuki also knows about it. She knows about this ‘Kyoko’ who seems to live inside Sakuya.
Asuka: "Tell me... about this ‘Kyoko’. She died, didn’t she?"
Itsuki: "Yes. I was planning to tell you about it yesterday... Good timing, I suppose."
Itsuki: "If I can’t tell you everything during the lunch break, then you’ll have to follow the rest on the web."
Asuka: "I haven’t got any damn web."
Nao: "Sis, language!"
Itsuki: "I’ll tell you the most important thing first. Kyoko... used to be in love with Sakuya."
Nao: "..."
Asuka: "...Yeah, I kind of got that impression."
Nao: "Even though they were sisters...?"
I can see a mix of different expressions on Nao’s face. Maybe because of everything we talked about last night.
Asuka: "Could it be... that Sakuya is being possessed by Kyoko’s spirit?"
Itsuki: "Possessed by... Kyoko’s spirit? Hey, are you trying to scare me again with ghost stories...!?"
Asuka: "No, that’s not what I’m trying to do!"
Itsuki: "...Okay then. Hmm, well, thinking about it... It’s not too dissimilar."
Asuka: "...?"
Nao: "...?"
Nao and I exchange glances at Miss Itsuki’s vague words.
Itsuki: "It’s true that Sakuya has Kyoko’s consciousness inside her. Did you hear that Sakuya once had an operation when she was little?"
Nao: "No, I didn’t know that."
Asuka: "Sakuya did mention something about it to me once..."
Itsuki: "At that time, she received organ transplants from Kyoko. This happened after the fire at the facility."
Asuka & Nao: "—"
Both Nao and I are lost for words.
Asuka: "Umm, what exactly...?"
Itsuki: "Just be quiet and listen. Sakuya was badly wounded in the fire, and Kyoko died..."
Itsuki: "A piece of the building collapsed onto Sakuya, which stabbed her right through the abdomen, severely damaging her organs. The only way she could survive was through organ transplants ."
Itsuki: "The obvious thing was to use the organs of the body of a relative, which just happened to be available right there... So Sakuya’s life was saved."
Nao: "Hmm—"
Itsuki: "By the way, where would you think a person’s consciousness... her soul, would be located?"
Asuka: "Huh? A person’s soul? ...In the head, or something like that?"
Itsuki: "You’re not basing that on any actual evidence, are you? —Anyway, Kyoko’s soul which is living on inside Sakuya, survived in her internal organs."
Itsuki: "Sakuya says so herself, so I happen to believe this. When I looked it up, there appeared to be a number of similar stories."
Asuka: "The soul located in... internal organs...? I can’t believe that."
Nao: "I once heard the same kind of story."
Asuka: "...Well, if Nao says so, I guess I can believe it too."
Itsuki: "Hey! ...Ah well, anyway, this is where the problem comes in."
Itsuki: "Even while Kyoko sometimes showed up, she always behaved, and she didn’t have any intention to cause trouble in Sakuya’s life."
Itsuki: "I also helped them with it. Kyoko would only show up after talking to me and after having agreed on a given time. Usually about once a month..."
Itsuki: "Kyoko was happy with that, or at least she used to be."
Nao: "She used to be...? Which means the situation changed?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, ever since entering Teito Nursing Academy ... and meeting Dummy Girl... meeting Asuka again."
Asuka: "Me...?"
Itsuki: "Yeah. You know, I have no idea why both you and Sakuya had the idea to go into nursing school ."
Asuka: "—!"
Why did I want to go into nursing school? Why did I have the idea to become a nurse? Because of that picture book, ‘The Girl who Chased Stars.’ It all started with that scribble that was written on the last page, saying ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ ...Yes, I wanted to ask about that, too, today.
Asuka: "Hey..."
Asuka: "I don’t remember it myself, but when I was little and living at the facility, I apparently had the dream of becoming a nurse in the future..."
Asuka: "Do you know why, Miss Itsuki? Since you say we grew up together there..."
Itsuki: "When you were at the facility...?"
Asuka: "Yes, probably."
Itsuki: "Hmm, I don’t know. I never heard about that. Although..."
Asuka: "...?"
Itsuki: "When you were little, you really didn’t seem the type of girl who’d want to become a nurse ."
 
Itsuki: "You were foolish, self-centered, and a reckless show-off... Rather than taking care of people, you were an annoying little fool who bothered people more than anything else. A real fool."
Asuka: "...Uhh, what an awful way to talk about me. And you called me a fool three times..."
Itsuki: "It’s the simple truth of the matter. It almost sounds like a joke, to hear that you wanted to become a nurse . If, by one chance in a million, that were really the truth..."
Miss Itsuki keeps silent for a moment.
Itsuki: "Then Sakuya might know about it."
Asuka: "—Sakuya?"
That night.
Nao: "Good night, sis."
Asuka: "Good night!"
I get into bed after exchanging goodnights with Nao, but I don’t feel sleepy at all.
Asuka: " The Girl who Chased Stars —"
I open up the picture book and start reading. The picture book with the scribble on the last page: ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!.’ It seems to be a children’s book, but the content is pretty hard to grasp. Philosophical and abstract in a way.
Asuka: "I wonder if this book was really mine."
It does have my name, ‘Asuka’, written on the front page, so I assume it was. As I’m thinking these things, I flip through the pages and stare at them. Two travelers without names are talking to each other under a starry sky. "Hey, do you like looking at stars?"
"Yes, I like it, but I don’t do it so often."
"That’s odd. Why not?"
"Whenever I look at the stars, they seem so far away, and it makes me feel sad."
"I understand. But I think that’s normal!"
Asuka: "Huh!? ...Oh!"
I raise my voice without thinking. Flustered, I cover my mouth. I look at the pages again and again with a stunned expression. It reminds me of— that one time when I went home with Sakuya in the rain. "Do you like looking at stars, Asuka?"
"I do, but I don’t really go out of my way to look at them."
"...That’s odd. Why’s that?"
"Oh, well, when I see them I always end up thinking about how far they are."
"Ah, I think I understand that."
"Really!?"
"But that’s pretty normal."
Asuka: "We had the same conversation... as in the picture book."
How could that be possible? Coincidence? Could that possibly happen by coincidence? I probably read this book when I was little, so it could be possible that it remained somewhere in the back of my mind, which caused me to respond in the same way... And Sakuya too.
Asuka: "Which means that Sakuya read this book too? Hmm..."
Something in my head seems to click into place. A kids’ picture book that’s hard to understand. A picture book that someone like me probably would have never liked or read. In that case—
Asuka: "Could it be— that this book used to belong to Sakuya?"
I could have never imagined that to be true, but could it? Since I heard from Miss Itsuki about the past— that we grew up together, I guess there could be a possibility. And... if that were the case. My heart suddenly starts racing out of excitement.
Asuka: "A present? Or maybe I just borrowed it and never gave it back? Ow, that wouldn’t be good!"
A-anyway!
Asuka: "If that were the case, then Sakuya might know—"
The reason why I wanted to become a nurse ....Sakuya went home today and is spending the night there. But she did say that she’d come to school tomorrow. I can’t call her at this hour, and texting her about this would be a bit awkward.
Asuka: "Let’s ask her tomorrow....Uhh, I can’t sleep—"
====================scr00606.kgo====================
Asuka: "(Fidget, fidget)..."
I’m in the classroom before class is starting, feeling nervous.
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Oh, it’s nothing, nothing at all. Hahaha!"
Nao: "...???"
I force a smile on my face as Nao looks at me suspiciously.
Asuka: "Whew—"
I can’t keep my attention away from my bag, which is sitting at my feet. That’s because the picture book ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars ’ is inside. I wonder if Sakuya will be arriving soon...
Asuka: "They’re late..."
Nao: "Yes, we’re used to that from Miss Itsuki, but Miss Sakuya usually always arrives even before us."
Asuka: "I wonder if she might be taking a day off."
It wouldn’t be that strange. After all, she said that since her mother died last autumn, a lot has been going on in her family. They have to determine how the Takeda family will go on operating in the future....Though I don’t have any idea about the circumstances of important families. —When suddenly.
Asuka: "Oh, a message... From Miss Itsuki."
I notice that Miss Itsuki just sent me a message on my smartphone .
Nao: "From Miss Itsuki?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I wonder what it’s about."
I touch the display of my smartphone and open the message. ‘Sakuya’s collapsed. She’s in hospital.’
Asuka: "—!"
I jump up, kicking my chair back in the process.
Nao: "W-what’s wrong, sis?"
Asuka: "Sakuya’s collapsed! I have to go!"
Nao: "Hey, w-wait a second."
Asuka: "No! I have to go now—!"
—When suddenly.
Asuka: "Oh, another message!"
I impatiently open it. ‘It’s not a big deal, so you can wait until after school to come see her. Don’t even think about skipping classes.’
Asuka: "...She saw right through me."
With a heavy heart, I sit back down. Nao peeks at the display of my smartphone .
Nao: "I see... If that’s what she wrote, it should be fine. Let’s trust her, sis."
Asuka: "Yes... but still..."
Am I going to trust Miss Itsuki...?
Asuka: "...More importantly..."
Nao: "More importantly...?"
Asuka: "...There’s no way I can concentrate on any classes like this!"
Nao: "Hmm... good point."
After school, I hurry to the hospital where Sakuya was taken. It’s the first time I’ve ever been to Sakuya’s home town. I ask for Sakuya’s room number at the reception. Soon after, I’m knocking on her door.
Sakuya: "Yes, come in."
Hearing her voice more energetic than I’d expected, tears of relief moisten my eyes. Sakuya tries to get upright as she sees my face, but I tell her to stay down.
Sakuya: "Excuse me, then."
I expected her to press the issue, but she obediently follows my suggestion.
Sakuya: "When I was getting ready for school this morning, just as I was coming down the stairs..."
She doesn’t seem any different than usual to me... She’s talking in her usual dignified voice.
Asuka: "Uh-huh?"
Sakuya: "I missed a step and fell down. Though I didn’t fall from that high."
Asuka: "A-are you okay?"
Sakuya: "I’m not okay. That’s why I’m in hospital."
Asuka: "Oh, right, I’m sorry."
Sakuya: "Just kidding. I didn’t hurt myself that much. The real issue, they told me, is that I’m fatigued."
Asuka: "Fatigued...?"
Sakuya: "Well, I was already really busy with the situation in my family lately, and then trying to catch up on all those classes I’ve been missing has been making me even busier..."
Sakuya: "...I’ve been telling myself I’m fine with it, but you can’t fool your own body. I wouldn’t have thought I’d be falling down the stairs though."
Asuka: "So..."
Sakuya: "On the doctor’s recommendation, I’ll be in the hospital for about a week."
Asuka: "A whole week?"
Sakuya: "Just for fatigue... that would definitely be pretty long. But I think I’ve told you that when I was little, I once spent a long time in hospital, right?"
Sakuya: "They told me I should take it easy, just in case. That’s also why I got a private room."
Asuka: (When she got those organ transplants , like Miss Itsuki told me—)
I heard the details only recently though....So that’s why she has to stay for a whole week. It must be rough, I think to myself. The issue of her body, getting behind on classes, and all the other family issues...
Asuka: "I see..."
Sakuya: "Yeah."
Asuka: "But knowing you, I’m sure you’ll be fine! You’ll catch up with classes in no time—"
Sakuya: "No, I’ve decided to repeat the year."
Asuka: "Huh—?"
I heard what Sakuya just said, but it doesn’t immediately register. I’m frozen into place.
Sakuya: "I’ll be doing the second year once again next year."
Asuka: "Wait a second, that’s—"
Sakuya: "Why would you be so disturbed about that? I’ve already made my decision. Next year, things in my family will probably have settled down as well..."
Sakuya: "I also don’t want to be a nuisance to the teachers, so I think this is the best and most realistic choice."
It sounds logical. What Sakuya is saying does make perfect sense.
Sakuya: "I just wanted some time for myself anyway. I brought the diary with me, you see."
Asuka: "...Oh, your mother’s?"
Sakuya: "Yes, I decided to read it. I’ll take my time though. And besides, there’s still more—"
Asuka: "...?"
I tilt my head as Sakuya breaks off her sentence in a bit of a curious spot.
Sakuya: "Never mind that. But yeah, Itsuki also supported my decision to take time off from school."
Asuka: "She did...?"
Sakuya: "To be honest, I wasn’t really able to catch up with all those classes. Itsuki knew that."
Asuka: "...Hm, I see."
Sakuya: "So this is the right decision."
Asuka: "...Yeah, I guess so. You must have had it really rough for quite a while..."
Asuka: "And the lessons of the second year are pretty difficult, after all. Yeah, you shouldn’t overexert yourself. You have my support too..."
Sakuya: "Your words and your face are completely contradicting each other, Asuka."
 
Asuka: "Oh—"
Sakuya: "Though I’m glad, in a way, that you’re so disappointed about it."
Asuka: "Yeah..."
I nod.
Asuka: "That’s because I thought it’d be so nice to become nurses together with you. —Oh, sorry, I’m just being selfish."
Sakuya: "No, I don’t mind..."
Sakuya keeps silent after saying this, in a way that it seems like she’s trying to endure some pain.
Asuka: (I don’t want to make Sakuya feel like that.)
I cannot keep silent like this. Maybe I should repeat a year too! So I’m going to be your senior With a foolish smile on my face, I say.
Asuka: "Oh, I could repeat the year as well! Then we can still become nurses together—"
Sakuya: "Stop it already."
Her words are short and dispassionate. I feel as if I’ve been cut down without any hesitation on her part.
Asuka: "..."
Sakuya: "If you were ever to do such a thing on purpose, I’d never be able to forgive you. I would scorn you from the bottom of my heart."
She glares at me with great intensity.
Asuka: "...Okay. I’m sorry."
My heart feels heavy.
Sakuya: "Good grief, get a hold of yourself. Aren’t you just barely passing your tests even when you’re doing your very best?"
 
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Sakuya: "If you do your very best and still fail, then we can do the second year together one more time."
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Sakuya: "In that scenario, we would again be classmates."
Asuka: "I really feel like... I don’t want to repeat the year right now."
Sakuya: "You have to do your best. I’ll have to tell Itsuki to keep an eye on you... or I guess you’ll be okay with Nao."
Asuka: "Ahaha, yes, I would rather not have Miss Itsuki watching over my shoulder."
The atmosphere in the room is lighter now, maybe thanks to changing the subject to Miss Itsuki. Yeah, I feel relieved. I do my best to hold back my emotions as I speak.
Asuka: "So, that means that after graduating from Teito Academy , I’ll be your senior as a nurse , won’t I?"
 
Sakuya: "Hehe, right."
Asuka: "When that time comes, as your senior, I’ll do my best to show you how it’s done!"
I know it’s not really in my character to say something like this, though. Ah well. I wait for Sakuya’s reply, expecting a sarcastic putdown of some sort.
Sakuya: "—Thank you. I’ll be counting on you then."
Sakuya says this as she gently smiles at me. I’m slightly taken aback that she took it seriously. Because... this means that I’ll really need to become the kind of nurse that she can count on.
Asuka: (Ohhh, what a heavy responsibility...!)
Sakuya smiles as she observes my internal struggle. Then, a mischievous grin forms on her lips as she speaks.
Sakuya: "Oh, but—"
Asuka: "Hm?"
Sakuya: "If you have to repeat two more years because of poor marks, then in the end, it’s very likely that I’ll end up to be your senior by one year."
Asuka: "How big of a fool do you really think I am!?"
I feel a little shocked....But, ah well, it seemed to have brightened up Sakuya’s expression and the atmosphere in the room. So I’ll let it slide. And then...
Asuka: "...Oh right, can I ask you something?"
There was one other reason why I’ve come visiting her today. I nudge my bag which is lying at my feet. Sakuya looks at me dubiously.
Sakuya: "What is it, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Umm, umm— Okay, tada!"
I pull the picture book out of my bag. ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars ’.
Sakuya: "Is that...?"
Asuka: "I’ve told you about this before, haven’t I? About the reason why I entered Teito Academy . It was because of the scribble I found on the last page of a picture book."
Asuka: "This is that picture book....Well, I was wondering, you know, if this book might have been originally yours."
I look right into her eyes as I say this.
Sakuya: "—"
Sakuya stares right back at me.
Asuka: "Could it be that...?"
Sakuya’s eyes seem to be looking both at me and at the picture book in my hands.
Asuka: "Could it be, that it was for your sake that I wanted to become a—"
Sakuya: "I’m sorry, I don’t know about that."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "It does look pretty old, so I suppose it might have been from the facility, but I’ve never seen it before."
Asuka: "...Really? But, wait a second—"
Sakuya: "Go home, Asuka. Thanks for coming to visit me."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "But you have school to worry about as well, so you don’t need to come here anymore."
Asuka: "Wait a second, Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "—Just drop it and go home! ...And don’t come here anymore!"
Asuka: "Sakuya...?"
It’s as if she’s trying to chase me away— Or no, that’s exactly what she’s doing. I leave the room and enter the hallway... Feeling all alone.
Asuka: (I don’t understand.)
Asuka: "Did I make her angry? ...But, why?"
I don’t understand.
Asuka: "She told me not to come anymore... though it’s true that I do have school..."
I look up at the ceiling inside the hallway.
Asuka: "But she didn’t have to say it like that... What should I do?"
I’ll go every day Maybe I’ll go like every three days... I don’t know what to do. But of course, I act like I’ve forgotten about Sakuya’s words and proceed to visit the hospital every day. I’ve now visited her three days in a row, pretending as if nothing happened. Sakuya smiles at me joyfully.
Sakuya: "If your grades were to fall because of visiting me here— I’ll be showing you what eternal hell is like!"
She just said something super scary with such a straight face... What a terrifying aura!
Asuka: "Y-yes, I’ll study!"
I’m thinking she might have already forgiven me. But then, as I show up again after the third day— Sakuya smiles at me joyfully.
Sakuya: "If you’re just visiting me to escape from your studies, you’re not welcome here."
There’s a sharp tone to her words. B-but, that’s not why I’m coming here!
Asuka: "I do study! I’m really studying properly!"
Sakuya: "I wonder if that’s really true."
Asuka: "I can even do it here. It’s quiet here, so it’s a good place to do it, right? Yes, it is!"
So... That’s why I’ve started bringing my study materials to Sakuya’s room, to get some studying done during my visits.
Sakuya: "...I don’t know... What will we do with you?"
So in the end, even though she thinks I’m hopeless, Sakuya has started accepting my visits. And then—another day.
Asuka: "Tadaa! Here I am, Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "You’re so noisy! Can’t you stay calm for once? I’m not a kid, you know."
Asuka: "...Okay."
I’ve only entered the room three seconds ago, and she’s already scolding me... I could cry.
Asuka: (G-get a hold of yourself!)
Asuka: "Oh... Umm, Sakuya, I brought a present for you today."
Sakuya: "A present?"
Asuka: "Yes. There’s a nice little cake shop on the way to the hospital, you see."
Asuka: "I didn’t know what kind of cakes you like, so I just picked one."
Saying this, I present her with a stylish-looking cake box. I bought a green tea mousse cake for myself, and for Sakuya— A bitter gateau chocolat A cute shortcake
Asuka: "It’s a gateau chocolat!"
Sakuya: "Hm..."
Asuka: "Well, I thought it would be your type of cake."
Sakuya: "Because I’m a bitter type of person, is that it?"
Asuka: "N-no, of course not! Because it looks mature, but, it seems sweet too—"
Sakuya: "Hehe, I was joking. Thank you. Bon appetit."
I feel relieved to see her smile. She seems satisfied with the taste as well, so I’m glad. Oh, and the green tea mousse cake is amazingly delicious too! I am very satisfied with my selection.
Asuka: "It’s a shortcake!"
Sakuya: "Hm..."
Sakuya is staring at the cake, and at the several fluffy pieces of marshmallow in it.
Sakuya: "...Madam Marshmallow."
A few words escape her lips.
Asuka: "‘Madam’ Marshmallow...?"
Sakuya: "—!"
Sakuya realizes the cute way she just said that, and her cheeks start blushing fire red.
Sakuya: "—!"
She glares at me with a terrifying gaze. It’s so scary!
Asuka: "I-I-I didn’t hear anything! Nothing at all!"
Sakuya: "...I see. Okay then."
Still blushing, Sakuya looks away from me, and once again faces the marshmallow cake.
Sakuya: "I think there must have been many kinds of other cakes. Why did you choose this one?"
The marshmallows on the cake... They make it look like it came right out of a fairy tale. It’s the kind of shortcake that children usually love.
Asuka: "...I don’t know. At first, I thought it might not really be your style, but then something made me decide to get it for you anyway."
Sakuya listens closely to my vague explanation. And then...
Sakuya: "—I love these cakes. I always have."
She whispers it, softly. So... Maybe it’s because I’m already coming every day, but neither Miss Itsuki nor Nao have been visiting that often, merely sending her a message now and then to ask her how she’s doing. Also, a servant of the Takeda family sometimes shows up to bring her some things. It’s always the same person, so I’ve got to know her.
Asuka: "What are you listening to?"
While Sakuya has been in hospital, most of the time she’s either been reading her mother’s diary, or listening to music on her MP3-player. I’ve been wondering why she doesn’t just let it play out loud, because she’s got a private room anyway...
Sakuya: "It’s classical music. The kind of music that would make you really sleepy if you listened to it."
Asuka: "Oh..."
Sakuya: "—If I let you hear it while you’re studying, it would probably put you to sleep in an instant."
That’s apparently the reason why she isn’t playing it out loud. It’s kind of shocking!
====================scr00607.kgo====================
So, like this, I’ve started feeling quite at home in Sakuya’s hospital room— One day, I’m in her hospital room as usual. —It’s a rainy day.
Asuka: "—Hmm... So..."
Sakuya: "..."
As usual, I’m studying my textbooks. Sakuya is quietly reading her mother’s diary. She’s not listening to music today. It’s almost as if we’re having the faint sound of the rain outside as our background music.
Asuka: (Rain)
I listen to the sound of the rain.
Asuka: (Rain)
It’s so quiet in the hospital room.
Asuka: "The rain—"
Sakuya: "—"
Sakuya isn’t responding to my mutters.
Asuka: "It reminds me of that time when we walked home under the same umbrella."
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "It felt to me as if the distance between us was dramatically shortened that night."
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "Not having my key as we got back to the dorm..."
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "I had no idea what to do. But—"
Sakuya: "...You’re so annoying. Can’t you just study in silence?"
Asuka: "Oh, s-sorry. I just couldn’t keep my thoughts inside..."
Sakuya: "If you can’t do as I tell you, I’ll just have to chase you out of here."
Asuka: "...I’ll be silent."
Sakuya: "...Ridiculous."
Having shown her disapproval of my foolishness, she returns to her diary.
Sakuya: "—"
I look at the profile of her face as she’s reading.
Asuka: (She’s so beautiful—)
When I think about it, ever since meeting her, I’ve always been fascinated by her beauty.
Asuka: (It’s so nice to look at her face.)
She might scold me again if she notices though.
Asuka: (It would have probably been a pretty sight... to see her next to her twin sister, ‘Kyoko’.)
Thinking these things, I continue appreciating the sight of her face’s profile. When suddenly...
Sakuya: "—Huh?"
Sakuya flips through the pages of the diary and frowns.
Asuka: "...? What’s the matter?"
Sakuya: "..."
Asuka: "Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "...Some pages are ripped out."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Surprised, I approach Sakuya’s bedside. I look at the diary which is opened up in Sakuya’s lap.
Asuka: "...It’s true."
Some pages have been ripped out of the diary. They were ripped out cleanly and completely.
Sakuya: "And it’s not just one page... ten? Or no, more than that..."
Asuka: "About how many days would that be?"
Sakuya: "She didn’t necessarily write in it every day, so I’m not sure... Something between half a month and a month, I guess."
Asuka: "That much...? I-I wonder what this could mean."
Sakuya: "Who knows..."
Sakuya keeps on staring intently at the spot where the pages had been ripped out.
Sakuya: "—"
Asuka: "Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "—"
She isn’t responding to me. She seems to be deeply caught up in some thought.
Asuka: (I wonder if there’s something on her mind...)
—When...
Sakuya: "...(Sigh). Well, can’t help it if it’s not there anymore. I guess I’ll just have to read from where it picks up."
Asuka: "Y-yeah, right."
Sakuya: "Go back to your studies, Asuka. I won’t tell you not to look at me, but don’t go overboard with it, alright?"
Asuka: "...You saw? I totally didn’t get the impression that you were aware of it..."
Sakuya: "It was so obvious. Who do you think I am?"
Asuka: "You are the most beautiful girl in the world, Sakuya Takeda."
Sakuya: "That’s.........Well, thank you."
It’s so adorable to see her blushing like that.
Asuka: (I think... I love her.)
—That’s what’s going through my mind right now, but if I were to tell her that at this time, it would sound as if I’m only attracted by her looks, so I don’t say it. Though it’s true that I really did fall in love with her looks.
Sakuya: "..."
She knows I’m looking at her! I feel as if she knows exactly what’s going on inside me!
Asuka: (Stay calm, stay calm...)
Asuka: "Hehe."
Sakuya: "...Oh, come on."
Well, these things happen.
Sakuya: "Asuka."
Asuka: "...(Mumble mumble)."
Sakuya: "Asuka."
Asuka: "Huh? Oh, yes? ...Hehe, I was so focused on my books."
Sakuya: "That’s fine, but it’s already night time, you know? I think you’d better be heading home."
Asuka: "Oh, you’re right."
I look outside the window.
Asuka: "Visiting hours have finished too, so yeah, I’ll go home."
Sakuya: "Good."
Asuka: "Alright then..."
I put my books back into my bag, and get ready to leave.
Asuka: "See you tomorrow then!"
Sakuya: "...No need to force yourself to come."
Asuka: "I can’t hear you!"
I laugh as I say this, and turn towards the door.
Sakuya: "—Wait, Asuka."
Asuka: "...? Yes?"
I face Sakuya again as she calls out to stop me.
Sakuya: "By the way— Would you mind giving this to Itsuki?"
Sakuya hands me— a key.
Asuka: "Hm?"
Sakuya: "It’s the key to my dorm room. Itsuki called me to say that she lost hers, and that she wanted to make a copy."
Sakuya: "Can you give it to her when you meet her at school? It’s stupid that she’s still commuting to school from home..."
Asuka: "Sure, I don’t mind."
Sakuya: "There’s no hurry about it, though... but thanks."
Asuka: "Sure."
Sakuya hands me the key.
Sakuya: "Don’t forget about it, alright? Promise me you’ll be meticulous about it."
Asuka: "Sure. I’ll be on my way then."
Sakuya’s words, or rather, the way she said them, caught my attention.
Asuka: "Take good care of yourself, Sakuya!"
I leave the room on a bright note. The rain has stopped by the time I reach the dorm. I see light inside my room from outside, so Nao seems to be waiting. My stomach is making rumbling noises.
Asuka: "...I’m feeling pretty hungry!"
Asuka: "I’m home!"
Nao: "Welcome back, sis! You must be hungry, so I just finished preparing something for you!"
Asuka: "Wow, that’s amazing. You must have some kind of clairvoyant powers."
Nao: "Isn’t it like this every day? Considering visiting hours, I had a rough idea what time I could expect you."
Asuka: "I see... But it’s still amazing!"
Nao: "I’ll prepare the table, so why don’t you wash your hands in the meanwhile?"
Asuka: "Aye aye—"
I go to the bathroom, wash my hands and come back into the room.
Asuka: "Oh, right, Nao."
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Did you happen to talk to Miss Itsuki today?"
Nao: "After school?"
Asuka: "Yeah... I was just wondering."
Nao: "Hmm... I talked to her a bit on the phone, yeah, but not about anything really important. But we talked for quite a while. She can really go on and on."
Asuka: "About an hour?"
Nao: "Two hours even... Eventually I was just responding automatically to whatever she was saying..."
Asuka: "Hmm... You two seem to get along well."
Nao: "We totally don’t! Because of that, I almost didn’t get the food ready in time!"
Asuka: "I see. That would have been awful."
Nao: "Right? So I told her not to call me anymore unless it’s about something in particular."
Asuka: (Maybe it’s because I’m going to visit Sakuya every day...)
That’s my thought on it, but I have the feeling that I shouldn’t say it out loud...
Nao: "—So, what about it?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s nothing. Let’s eat!"
Nao: "...? Okay."
Asuka: "Thank you for the meal!"
I was just wondering if Miss Itsuki might have said anything about the key. But I suppose there would be no reason for her to say anything about that to Nao. That night.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
As I’m lying in my bed, I type a message to Miss Itsuki. ‘Miss Sakuya handed me the key to your dorm room. I’ll give it to you tomorrow at school.’
Asuka: "Hm..."
I send it. It might not be something which I really have to send a message about in advance. But still... "Don’t forget about it, alright? Promise me you’ll be meticulous about it."
There was just something about the way Sakuya said that. —And immediately, I receive a reply. A short and blunt reply. ‘What is this about?’
Asuka: "...!?"
I type a reply. ‘It’s the key to your dorm room. Didn’t you want to make a copy because you lost yours?’ I send it and immediately receive a reply. ‘I have my key. I never lost it.’
Asuka: "...Huh?"
I slip out of bed and head towards the door of Sakuya and Miss Itsuki’s room.
Asuka: "Could it be a misunderstanding on Sakuya’s part...? I can’t imagine that."
Losing a key and wanting to make a copy is a pretty big deal, so I don’t think there could be any misunderstanding about that. "Don’t forget about it, alright? Promise me you’ll be meticulous about it."
Asuka: "...She put so much emphasis on it too."
I take another look at the key in my hand.
Asuka: "Promise me you’ll be meticulous about it.... I wonder what she meant by ‘be meticulous.’"
Why did she entrust me with her key?
Asuka: "...Well, I’m not sure if she really entrusted it to me though..."
 I don’t have a choice but to check. I slide the key inside the keyhole and slowly turn it. —Click.
Asuka: "I’m kind of nervous..."
Going inside their room while they’re not there... It feels a bit like I’m committing some kind of crime....My heart is racing in my chest, though I’m unaware of it. My hand gropes for the light switch.
Asuka: "There it is."
I turn on the light inside the room.
Asuka: "...Let’s take a look now."
I look around the room, but don’t notice anything out of the ordinary.
Asuka: "What if... it was Sakuya’s plan to have me enter her room...?"
Detective Asuka on the job.
Asuka: "What would she be wanting me to do...? Hmm."
Detective Asuka still on the job.
Asuka: "...I don’t have the slightest idea."
Detective Asuka failing the job! ...Well, we’re talking about me after all, owner of the brains of a jellyfish.
Asuka: "Maybe she doesn’t have enough spare underwear, and wants me to bring her some? She would be too embarrassed to ask me that directly—"
I walk to her clothes drawers and randomly open all the drawers from top to bottom. The uppermost drawer is exactly the one with panties. Well, I keep mine in the uppermost drawer as well.
Asuka: "...Wow."
They’re neatly folded and arranged. I take one into my hand and unfold it. It’s got frills. I didn’t expect her to wear such cute panties....What am I doing?
Asuka: "Am I some kind of pervert?"
Flustered, I shake my head and put the panties back. I close the drawers.
Asuka: "That’s probably not it... If it were something she’d be ashamed to ask me, she would just ask someone from her family."
Asuka: "But I don’t have any clue."
I sit down on the floor and lean against the side of the bed. I look up at the ceiling.
Asuka: "I can’t think of anything..."
My mind is completely blank. I really have no idea.
Asuka: "Be meticulous about it... What did she mean by that?"
I don’t know. For a while, I continue sitting there with my blank mind.
Asuka: "...I’ll ask her about it tomorrow."
I stand back up as I come to this conclusion. Or rather, I try to stand up. 
Asuka: "Oh, my foot has gone numb!"
I wasn’t even sitting that long! I wonder if I was sitting in some weird way. It’s really completely numb! I can’t resist the sensation, and drop back to the ground.
Asuka: "I-it’s so tingly—! >_<"
People are really so totally powerless against a tingly numb foot. The person who could invent a technique that instantly turns a numb foot back to normal would probably receive some sort of incredible prize—
Asuka: "But dang, it’s still so tingly—! >_< ...Huh?"
Just as I’m rolling on the ground in agony, the little gap under the bed enters my field of vision. I see something, dropped far under the bed.
Asuka: "What would that be? Garbage?"
It looks white, like a crumpled piece of paper squeezed into a ball.
Asuka: "—!"
Something’s lighting up in my mind.
Asuka: "Hnnng—!"
And just as I reach my hand under the bed...
Asuka: "Aaah! It’s still so tingly! What on earth is up with that...!? Aarghh!"
Making such a big fuss all by myself, I somehow manage to reach my hand far enough to grab the paper. I sit down, leaning against the bed once again. The tingly sensation has mostly subsided. I’m holding the crumpled paper ball in my hand. It doesn’t seem to be just one paper, but several. Maybe even more than ten! "...Some pages are ripped out."
"And it’s not just one page... ten? Or no, more than that..."
I remember about Sakuya’s mother’s diary. About the pages that had been ripped out.
Asuka: "This—"
It has to be!
Asuka: "But what were they doing under her bed? As if they were just thrown away..."
Or...
Asuka: (Maybe in order to keep them away from Sakuya—)
Asuka: "...Could it be that ‘Kyoko’ was behind this?"
I don’t have anything to base that on, and I can’t prove it, but I can’t help thinking so.
Asuka: "..."
I’m not sure if it would be alright for me to read them. Most likely, it wouldn’t. I can’t resist my curiosity, however. I take a big gulp and slowly straighten the papers out. 
Asuka: "Hm...!"
Uncrumpling the papers is making a lot of noise in this silent room.
Asuka: "As I thought..."
They are indeed the pages of Sakuya’s mother’s diary. It was a little more than ten pages, written in a beautiful and compact handwriting, so every page had a lot written on it. That’s why reading it all took me longer than I expected.  I wonder how long it took me. About 30 minutes? I’ve just finished reading it through.
Asuka: "—This cannot be real."
I truly regret ever reading this.
Asuka: "This cannot be real! It cannot! Because, this—"
My hands are shaking. My voice is shaking. I have a horrible, pounding headache. My eyes are moist with tears.
Asuka: "How could this be...!?"
Just the same instant I raise my voice, the lid on my memories opens up. —The first thing I see, is the starry sky— "Hey, Sakuya. Do you know what a ‘nurse’ is?"
"...A ‘nurse’?"
"Nurses are really powerful and cool superheroes! They ride around in huge robots and defeat bad guys."
"...That is what nurses are."
"Asuka, you’re just basing that on the main character of that superhero TV show you’ve been watching. In the real world—"
"Don’t be so boring, Sakuya! None of that matters!"
"Every time I look at you lately, you seem sad. That’s why I’ll become a ‘nurse’, so I can protect you, Sakuya!"
"What do you think of that? Wouldn’t it be really cool, huh?"
"Asuka, you got the wrong—"
"...Don’t you believe me?"
"No, that’s not the point..."
"Oh you—! Okay, in that case—"
"—! H-hmm, mmm—...!"
"Mwah!"
"W-what do you think you’re doing, all of a sudden...!?"
"Hehehe, I saw that on television too! When you make an important promise, you have to give a kiss as ‘proof’."
"...How can you just do something like that...!?"
"Just trust me, Sakuya."
"...!"
"I will protect you, whatever happens."
A promise. —The next thing I see, is a sea of flames— "Sakuya!"
I see my little self screaming. "Sakuya! Where are you, Sakuya!?"
My promise. "Sakuya—!!!"
I couldn’t keep my promise to her.
====================scr00608.kgo====================
Asuka: "...!"
I start running. I can’t possibly stay still after this. I don’t even know why I’m running. I don’t even know where I’m running to.
Asuka: "Sakuya!"
No, there’s only one possible place to go. Even if it’s too late...
Asuka: "Huh...?"
Arriving at Sakuya’s hospital, I am immediately aware that something must have happened. The hospital is deathly quiet, but there’s something about the atmosphere. Something— wrong.
Asuka: "...Sakuya?"
I have a really bad feeling about this, deep within the pit of my stomach.
Nurse: "How could this happen!?"
As I reach the floor where Sakuya’s room is located, I come upon a scene of turmoil.
Nurse: "Why aren’t the sprinklers activating!?"
Nurse: "I don’t know! There was a maintenance check just the other day! There shouldn’t have been anything wrong with them—!"
Nurse: "More importantly, the patients need to be evacuated! And we also have to call the fire department! Quick!"
Nurse: "I already did that!"
Asuka: "...What’s happening?"
Nurse: "Who are you? Get out of the building, at once!"
Asuka: "Wait, um, what is going on—?"
Nurse: "Hey, what about Miss Takeda inside the room!?"
Asuka: (Sakuya—!?)
I immediately dash forward towards Sakuya’s room. The whole place is an inferno.
Nurse: "Hey! Someone bring a fire extinguisher!"
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
Sakuya’s room is shrouded in a sea of flames, and right in the middle— stands Sakuya. She looks calm, almost as if she’s not feeling the heat. There’s a smile on her face.
Sakuya: "Hehe, there you are, you traitor."
Asuka: "You’re... You’re not Sakuya. ‘Kyoko’!?"
Kyoko: "Sakuya is a fool. She’s been such a gigantic fool, forgiving a traitor who broke her promise to her. Forgiving her, and even falling in love with her again."
Asuka: "..."
Kyoko: "Looking at your face, it looks like you’ve remembered everything. So now you know what a traitor you are."
Asuka: "Yes... I could not keep my promise."
Kyoko: "Sakuya forgives you... She’s already forgiven you. But I don’t. That’s why— I will take Sakuya with me."
Kyoko: "To be honest, I didn’t want to do this. I didn’t want to go this far, but I don’t want to hand Sakuya over to a traitor like you. I could never!"
Kyoko: "So—"
Kyoko seems to be joyfully humming.
Kyoko: "Why don’t you stand there and watch?"
Asuka: "Stop it, Kyoko! Why are you doing this!?"
Nurse: "Get away from there! It’s too dangerous!"
Kyoko: "We’ve been talking to each other this entire time. Since entering the hospital, we’ve been recording ourselves for each other on the MP3 player ."
Kyoko: "But Sakuya didn’t change. On the contrary, she tried to change my mind."
Asuka: "The MP3 player ...?"
I sometimes saw Sakuya listening to it. She told me she was listening to music.
Asuka: (So that’s what she was listening to—?)
I am slightly taken aback. And then, as Kyoko continues talking, her words reach my ears. But I can’t catch the meaning very well. I can hear the words themselves, but my head seems to resist any efforts at comprehension. Those words... "—Once she got out of the hospital, Sakuya was planning to quit school. In order to distance me from you."
It’s hard to accept what she’s saying!
Kyoko: "At first, her idea was simply not to get involved with you."
Kyoko just keeps on talking, not caring much about whether I’m comprehending what’s she saying or not.
Kyoko: "—Do you remember? The time when you brought that picture book here?"
"Go home, Asuka. Thanks for coming to visit me."
"But you have school to worry about as well, so you don’t need to come here anymore."
"—Just drop it and go home! ...And don’t come here anymore!"
Kyoko: "That book had your promise to her written in it. That’s why Sakuya denied that she knew anything about it."
Kyoko: "Because if she had admitted it, I would definitely have tried to kill you again. Wasn’t that brave of her? So there’s no way she could ever admit it to you."
Kyoko: "Which means... Asuka, you must be very important to her."
Asuka: "Oh—"
My bangs are scorched by the flames. My cheeks and my skin feel so hot. I remember the fire at the facility... I was surrounded by flames. I searched for Sakuya but couldn’t find her.
Kyoko: "So, Sakuya was planning to quit school and move to a place where she wouldn’t see you anymore. But for the body... physical distance doesn’t make a difference."
Kyoko: "I refuse to accept that Sakuya still continues to love a traitor like you. And that’s why— I will take her with me."
Asuka the traitor. Asuka who broke her promise. Asuka who said "I’m gonna be a nurse!", and vowed to protect her. Asuka who couldn’t protect her. —The reason why I wanted to become a nurse . Why, and for whose sake... This isn’t the time to be laughing, but I can’t help it.
Asuka: "I’ve been such a failure."
How could I be so stupid, and think that a nurse is some sort of superhero?
Asuka: "I wanted to become a nurse , just for the sake of a single person."
I’m a failure as a nurse . Or no... I can’t call myself a nurse just yet.
Kyoko: "Yeah, you’ve been such a fool. And such a nuisance as well. If only you had never entered Teito Academy —"
Asuka: "Shut up, Kyoko."
Kyoko: "...!?"
It feels strange and alien for me to tell anyone to "shut up."
...But at the same time, somewhere inside of myself, it does feel part of my character. My past me, and the present me.
Asuka: "Like you said, I remembered everything."
Asuka: "...I used to love superheroes! They seemed so cool, so powerful...! And, you know. You know—"
Asuka: (Oh, this feels so complicated! I don’t know what else to say!)
I guess both my past and my present self aren’t good at thinking about difficult things. So, that’s why! Yes!
Asuka: "Uhh... I have to!"
With full determination, I dash forward. Right into the flames. Without thinking about what might happen. Without thinking about any consequences....Well, I’m a fool after all.
Kyoko: "This can’t be happening—"
In the moment before I close my eyes, I can see Kyoko’s eyes widen in surprise.
Asuka: (Whaah! It’s so hot...!)
The heat is scorching my skin. But it’s just for a moment.
Asuka: "Sakuya!"
In the middle of this sea of flames, I grab Sakuya’s body and lift her into my arms.
Kyoko: "How—?"
Kyoko’s voice is filled with disbelief.
Asuka: "...It’s a superhero’s duty after all, to never give up, even after getting crushed again and again!"
Asuka: (Whaah! This is so not like me!)
Asuka: "I’m sorry I’m late, Sakuya."
Sakuya: "—Yeah, you are."
Asuka: (...Huh?)
Sakuya: "You’re such a fool, Asuka."
Asuka: "Sakuya!?"
And in the same instant as I call out her name in surprise... I hear the sound of water. The sprinklers above our heads have started to work, and water is raining down throughout the room.  Sakuya and I are drenched, and...
Asuka: "Oh, the fire—"
The fire has started dying down.
Sakuya: "Hehe. It seems like Kyoko was so taken aback that she withdrew inside."
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
Sakuya: "Twelve years."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Sakuya: "It eventually took you twelve years to fulfill your promise... You took way too long, do you realize that?"
Sakuya is glaring at me.
Asuka: "Yes, I’m sorry. But— I’m here now!"
Sakuya: "But actually, since I gave it back to you, you didn’t really need to fulfill it."
Asuka: "...? What are you talking about?"
I don’t know what she means by what she just said.
Sakuya: "Didn’t I tell you, on the school’s rooftop? That ‘I’ve given it back.’"
Asuka: "Oh—"
"— — —I’ve given it back."
Asuka: "Wha—aat!? Was that the meaning of that...!?"
Sakuya: "Since you sealed your promise with a forced kiss, I obviously had to do the same to return your promise."
Asuka: "...I-I see..."
I feel like I still have all kinds of questions. But anyway...
Asuka: "Umm, so... Does that mean that my promise had been undone?"
Sakuya: "Yes, exactly."
Asuka: "So, umm... Could we do it once more then? One more kiss to seal the promise?"
I’m fidgeting as I say this a little nervously. I feel a little embarrassed, but I say it anyway, using the momentum of my earlier courage.
Sakuya: "No. It would be awful if you made me wait for another twelve years before fulfilling it again."
She speaks with a cool smile on her face. She really is the one I love!
Asuka: "I can’t accept that answer, damn it!"
Sakuya: "Language..."
Nurse: "Hey, you two!? Are you okay?"
A nurse calls out to us from outside the room, but we ignore her.
Asuka: "Go on, it won’t hurt."
Sakuya: "I won’t do it."
Asuka: "Why not? In a dramatic scene like this, we don’t have a choice but to kiss, you know?"
Sakuya: "I don’t feel like it, so I’m not going to! ...It’s not at all the right atmosphere for it, either!"
Asuka: "Come on, why don’t we just do it? Come on, kiss me!"
Sakuya: "If I tell you I won’t, I won’t. People might see us too..."
Asuka: "Don’t think about that, come on, let me kiss you...!"
I pout my lips and go for it.
Sakuya: "Don’t! Hey, stop!"
Though Sakuya is asking me to stop, I can tell from her face and her voice that she doesn’t mean it... That she actually wants it... When...
Sakuya: "—No, Asuka, get away from me."
Asuka: "(Kiss)... Huh?"
Sakuya: "Oh, uh, no... Urgh...!"
Sakuya releases a painful groan and collapses to the floor.
Asuka: "Saku...ya? Sakuya? ...Sakuya!? Get a hold of yourself!"
Nurse: "Oh no! Someone, quick, call a doctor!"
====================scr00609.kgo====================
Sakuya is carried to a room on another floor.
Asuka: "She’s sleeping like a baby..."
I feel a sense of helplessness as I look at Sakuya’s sleeping face. She reminds me almost of a doll.
Asuka: "...Damn, how can she be so beautiful and adorable?"
Even at times like this, I’m obsessed by Sakuya’s beauty. I really am no good... When I talk to the nurses , they tell me it’s because of the organs that were transplanted from her twin sister. Though these organs functioned normally for many years, they’ve recently started rapidly declining. She underwent countless examinations, but the cause couldn’t be found. That’s why even such a light injury caused her to stay for such a long time in the hospital. They also tell me that Sakuya insisted on keeping this a secret from the person who always came visiting her— from me.
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
I call out to her as she sleeps, but there’s no sign of her waking up....In fact, I probably shouldn’t wake her up right now.
Asuka: "...I’ll be in the hallway."
I say so in a quiet voice to avoid waking her up, and leave the room for the hallway.
Asuka: "...Whew."
I sit down on the sofa in the hallway and take a deep breath.
Asuka: "—"
I don’t know what to think. I don’t even know what to feel. My mind is just completely blank.
Asuka: "—"
I reach into my pocket and pick out the wrinkled, folded pages of the diary. I unfold the pages and stare at them.
Asuka: "I wonder... if this could have anything to do with it..."
I stare at what’s written on the pages. It’s so hard to understand and to accept! I catch myself checking again and again whether I’ve really read it correctly. But however many times I reread it, the content still remains the same.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl!"
Hearing Miss Itsuki’s voice, I look up and see her running in this direction. Next to her is one of the servants of the Takeda family. 
Nao: "Sis!"
Nao is with them as well. I didn’t contact her, so maybe Miss Itsuki did...?
Asuka: "...!"
I quickly cram the diary pages back into my pocket and stand up.
Asuka: "Miss Itsuki, Nao..."
Itsuki: "Where is Sakuya?"
Asuka: "She’s sleeping in that room. If you want to check on her, do it quietly."
Itsuki: "...Okay."
Miss Itsuki and the servant exchange glances before entering the room.
Asuka: "What about you, Nao?"
Nao: "I’ll stay here. It’s not that I’m not worried about Miss Sakuya, but I’ve also been worried about you."
Asuka: "Thank you."
Nao: "Let’s sit down, sis."
Asuka: "—Sure."
On Nao’s suggestion, we sit down on the sofa.
Nao: "Are you okay...?"
Asuka: "Yeah, I think so. I’m fine."
Nao: "If it’s okay for me to ask, would you mind telling me what happened?"
I think to myself how sweet it is of Nao to ask me in such a considerate way.
Asuka: "Okay, where should I start—?"
I tell her what happened, one thing at a time.
Nao: "I see... Looks like you had a hard time."
Asuka: "Ahaha, I guess....Yes, I guess so. It was super hard, really!"
Nao: "I hope Miss Sakuya will make it through as well."
Asuka: "—Yeah, I’m sure she’ll be okay."
 I say this more as a prayer than with any real conviction. Having said this, we keep on sitting silently for a while. Miss Itsuki and the servant have been in the room for quite a while now.
Asuka: (They’re taking their time...)
Just as I’m thinking this, the door of the room opens up. Miss Itsuki and the servant come into the hallway.
Itsuki: "Dummy Girl."
Asuka: "Yes?"
Itsuki: "Sakuya is awake. She called for you. Apparently, there’s something she wants to tell you."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Itsuki: "She said she wanted to talk to you privately, so go ahead."
Asuka: "...Privately...?"
Nao: "Sis..."
Asuka: "Yeah, alright."
I nod and stand up. I move towards the door, as if changing shifts with Miss Itsuki. Just as I pass her...
Itsuki: "—You know..."
Miss Itsuki speaks to me with a trace of amusement in her voice.
Asuka: "...?"
Itsuki: "She didn’t offer me a single apology for dumping me in favor of returning to you."
Itsuki: "On the contrary, she asked me for my blessing for the both of you. What a cruel woman. Though I always knew that."
Miss Itsuki is speaking with a smile on her face.
Itsuki: "Though I guess, I was the one who told her to go back to you in the first place. —Take good care of our Princess."
Asuka: "I will."
I nod, open the door, and enter the room.
Sakuya: "Asuka—"
Sakuya calls my name right as I come in.
Asuka: "Sakuya..."
Sakuya: "I’m sorry, I can’t get up yet. Can you come to my side?"
Asuka: "Yeah, how are you feeling?"
Sakuya: "Not bad. Maybe because I just said everything to Itsuki that I needed to say."
Asuka: "She just called you a cruel woman, you know."
Sakuya: "I can’t deny that. But tell her that she’s every bit as cruel."
Asuka: "Sure."
Sakuya: "—You’ve heard about what’s happening to me, haven’t you?"
It looks like Sakuya can tell from my face exactly what I know. I can’t help but nod.
Sakuya: "Well, I’m sorry for hiding it from you. I really am a cruel woman."
Asuka: "But you’re beautiful."
Sakuya: "That reply doesn’t make any sense. But, Asuka, did you find anything inside my room?"
Asuka: "...!"
I find myself lost for words at Sakuya’s sudden inquiry. She’s seen right through me.
Sakuya: "So you did... You found the diary pages, right?"
I won’t be able to fool her.
Asuka: "Yes, they were crumpled up... dropped under the bed."
Sakuya: "As I thought. Kyoko must have hidden them that night."
She’s talking about the night I went to Sakuya’s room, when I met Kyoko on my way out.
Sakuya: "Show me."
Asuka: "...Uh, but..."
Sakuya: "You don’t want to show me them? Which means you read them already?"
Asuka: "..."
I can’t bring myself to answer. I don’t want to answer.
Sakuya: "In that case, let me guess... Let me guess what was written on those pages."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Instantly and instinctively, I have a bad feeling about this. "Let me guess."
—As Sakuya said this, she smiled. Her smile was so charming, it seemed almost like the smile of a goddess. So gentle, warm, fleeting and beautiful. Yes, so beautiful that— it almost didn’t seem to be of this world.
Asuka: (Just like the light of the stars.)
Sakuya: "In fact, I was the one who died, wasn’t I? This body is Kyoko’s body, isn’t it—?"
Her voice sounds pure and soft.
Sakuya: "—That’s what my mother wrote, isn’t it?"
Asuka: "You...knew?"
I remind myself of what was written in her mother’s diary. After the fire at the facility, she adopted one of the young girls. The name of this girl was Kyoko. Right after the fire, she had received organ transplants from her twin sister. After that, Sakuya’s consciousness awoke inside Kyoko’s body— On Kyoko’s request, Sakuya’s mother changed the girl’s... her daughter’s name to Sakuya.
Sakuya: "I only became certain of it just before."
Asuka: "...Just before?"
Sakuya: "Kyoko really loves me, you see."
Sakuya: "I was always precious to her, and she’d always try to protect me, just like you."
Asuka: "...She did?"
Sakuya: "If this body had really been mine, there could have been no possible way... that Kyoko would ever have tried to hurt it."
Asuka: "...You have to be kidding. That alone made you realize...?"
Sakuya: "Little things are more than enough, when it comes to me and Kyoko."
Sakuya: "—I’m pretty sure that Kyoko tried to keep you away from me, just in order for me not to find out about the truth."
Sakuya: "Though I suppose jealousy must have been a factor too."
Her voice is filled with affection. Hearing Sakuya talk about Kyoko... I can clearly feel the trust and love she has for her....Though she was the one who put her in this dangerous situation.
Sakuya: "The night when the facility burned down..."
Sakuya speaks quietly, and her eyes seem to be focused somewhere far off in the distance. The expression she always wears when she’s talking about something really important.
Sakuya: "Kyoko tried to protect me. She ended up killing several of the facility’s employees in the process though..."
Sakuya: "...Seeing this, from the utter shock, my powers went completely out of control."
Sakuya: "The equipment in the room couldn’t contain it, so it caught fire, which ended up burning the whole facility down. I was the cause of it."
I really want to understand what Sakuya is saying, but my mind can’t keep up. Sakuya’s powers going out of control, setting the facility on fire—?
Sakuya: "Hey Asuka... I’m going to die."
Asuka: "—Huh!?"
Sakuya: "Well, I’ve already died, so it’s a bit strange to say that... I’m going to disappear, would be a better way to say it."
Asuka: "Wait. Y-you can’t!"
Sakuya: "Now that I’ve found out the truth, it’s only natural. Though it’s really a shame that my wish couldn’t be fulfilled—"
Asuka: "Y-yes, you wanted to become a nurse —"
Sakuya: "Yes, that too, but I’ll be entrusting that dream to you, so it’s okay. I meant to say—"
Asuka: "...?"
Sakuya: "—"
Sakuya pauses in a bit of a strange spot. "I really wanted to be your bride."
Her words take me totally off guard. This wish of hers takes me so much by surprise... I couldn’t have even imagined it in the slightest! But her words are reaching deeply into my heart. This wish of hers is so like Sakuya, so adorable.
Asuka: "...!"
Tears come rushing forth, almost like an explosion.
Sakuya: "Ever since I was a child, this had been my very first dream—"
Surprise, happiness and sadness... so many different feelings are flowing through my being.
Sakuya: "This dream has always been my star."
I think of the starry sky. The spacious starry sky above our heads as we kissed when we were little, that one night from a distant past. I remember the countless stars in the sky.
Asuka: (Reaching my hand towards the stars...)
Asuka: (Aimlessly...)
Asuka: (Sakuya had been reaching out for them as well—)
Sakuya: "Hey, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Hm?"
Sakuya: "Would you kiss me? —Please?"
Her voice sounds very solemn. Almost as if she’s begging me.
Asuka: (Why is she asking me like this?)
Asuka: "Sure, why wouldn’t I? I can kiss you as many times... and whenever you want."
Sakuya: "No, this will be our last kiss."
Asuka: (Why is she saying that!?)
There’s a cool expression on Sakuya’s face. As if she’s totally fine with the idea of dying... of disappearing. It’s me, only me, whose mind and emotions are in a whirl of chaos.
Asuka: "Why are you saying this—?"
Sakuya: "Asuka—"
I embrace the happiness and sadness both at the same time. 
Asuka: "—"
Our lips meet in a kiss. And then...
Asuka: (Sakuya’s lips are shaking...!)
They’re shaking so faintly that I wouldn’t have realized it without touching them.
Asuka: "...!"
I withdraw my face.
Asuka: "Saku—"
Sakuya: "Asuka."
Sakuya calls my name as she puts her index finger to my lips to stop me from speaking.
Sakuya: "There’s just one more thing I want to ask of you."
Asuka: "...What is it? I’ll do anything you ask."
Sakuya: "I want you to look after Kyoko."
Asuka: "Kyoko—?"
Sakuya: "Yes, I want you to persuade her to receive a new kidney transplant. Because her body seems to be rejecting the current one."
Her kidney. Sakuya’s kidney...
Asuka: "A new transplant...? But how am I supposed to persuade her—?"
Sakuya: "With love, of course."
Asuka: "Wha—at!? With love!? That’s impossible!"
Asuka: "I don’t particularly like her, and Kyoko totally hates me—!"
Sakuya: "What are you talking about? You’ve never been able to keep your eyes off me, have you?"
Asuka: "Uh...?"
Sakuya: "This face is Kyoko’s face. Thinking about it like that, maybe right from the start, you had been in love with—"
Asuka: "Don’t make jokes like that! Of course it was you I’ve always loved!"
Sakuya: "—Thank you."
Sakuya smiles.
Sakuya: "Kyoko will be okay. I know, because it’s my twin sister after all, with whom I’ve been sharing this one life."
Asuka: "N-no..."
Sakuya: "—"
Sakuya suddenly closes her eyes. Just as if she’s falling asleep.
Asuka: "...? Sakuya? Did you fall asleep...?"
I reach out to touch Sakuya’s face—
Sakuya: "(Snap!)"
Asuka: "Snap...?"
She just bit me on my finger!
Asuka: "Ouchh—!?"
I feel a sharp pain in my finger, and I’m completely confused.
Asuka: "You’re not Sakuya... Kyoko!?"
Kyoko: "Would you mind not touching our body? It’s unpleasant."
Asuka: "Kyoko!"
Kyoko: "Leave this room. I heard what you were talking about, but I’m not going to accept a new kidney transplant. I’ll be going along with Sakuya."
Asuka: "Huh? Hey, wait a second!"
Kyoko: "Leave this room!"
She throws a pillow at me at the same time as she yells this, hitting me right in the face.
Asuka: "Oof!"
Kyoko: "It was because of you— It was your fault that Sakuya—!"
The next thing flying towards me is a cup.
Asuka: "Hey, that’s dangerous!"
Kyoko: "You traitor! You murderer! Get out of here!"
Many things are being thrown at me, one after another— I rush out of the door and close the door behind me.
Asuka: "Ph-phew... Oh, that was dangerous..."
Itsuki: "...What were you doing in there?"
Nao: "Sis? What happened?"
Asuka: "...W-well... She just started throwing all kinds of things at me, so I couldn’t even start persuading her..."
Itsuki & Nao: "...???"
Asuka: "...She told me that she doesn’t want a new kidney transplant. Kyoko, I mean, not Sakuya... Oh, uh, how should I explain this?"
I’m thinking to myself how it would be difficult to explain even if I started at the beginning.
Itsuki: "No, I understand what you’re saying."
Asuka: "Oh, really...?"
Itsuki: "I just recently heard about that... since Sakuya entered the hospital."
Itsuki: "Kyoko contacted me. She told me it’s not too late yet, and asked me to help her get rid of you. When I refused, she told me she’d treat me as a traitor as well."
Asuka: "So you refused...?"
Itsuki: "Since Sakuya had made up her mind already, I respected her choice. It’s part of my devotion as a servant to my ‘Princess’."
Though Itsuki is saying this jokingly, it must not have been easy for her.
Nao: "Miss Itsuki told me everything on the way here..."
Itsuki: "I thought things might turn out like this, and it would have been annoying if one of us didn’t understand what was going on."
Itsuki: "Now things have come to this, it doesn’t make sense to keep things secret anymore."
Asuka: "I see..."
Itsuki: "But anyway, that’s not important right now. So, you were saying Kyoko doesn’t want a second transplant?"
Asuka: "Sakuya asked me to persuade her..."
Itsuki: "—Even though that would mean she’d disappear from the world. Hmm..."
There’s admiration as well as shock in Miss Itsuki’s voice.
Itsuki: "But that’s exactly the ‘Princess’ I fell in love with."
Miss Itsuki laughs as she says this, and I don’t feel any regret from her. But I guess— behind that front, there must be quite some pain, suffering and resignation. I know this in my mind, but still...
Asuka: "You seem fine with it all, Miss Itsuki. That’s amazing..."
What’s this feeling? I can’t explain it. I can sense a feeling welling up inside my being which I can’t explain... And I can’t stop it. I’m feeling a sense of hostility and anger towards Miss Itsuki welling up.
Itsuki: "Huh? What do you mean by ‘amazing’?"
Asuka: "If Kyoko gets a new transplant, Sakuya’s going to disappear! ...She’s going to die, you know? But you seem just fine with it all!"
Asuka: "And at the same time, you sound like you’re eulogizing her, saying things like ‘that’s exactly the ‘Princess’ I fell in love with’...!"
Asuka: "How cool and awesome of you! I suppose that’s what it takes to be so popular!"
Nao: "Hold on, sis, what you’re saying doesn’t make sense!"
Itsuki: "Hey, Dummy Girl—"
Nao: "You too, Miss Itsuki, please hold on for a second!"
Nao stops Miss Itsuki, who was coming at me, probably fuming and intending to punch me in the face, or something like that. And then, Nao looks at me. She looks at me with blame in her eyes, an expression which is very rare for her towards me.
Nao: "Calm down, sis! You’re at fault here!"
Asuka: "(Pant)... (pant)... But...!"
Itsuki: "You better thank your sister, because I was just about to kick your ass."
There’s an exasperated look on Miss Itsuki’s face as she says this.
Itsuki: "...Who do you think you are, ‘Asuka Osachi’?"
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Itsuki: "I suppose you’re not having an easy time, but right now, you are a nursing student ... Haven’t you devoted yourself to being a medical professional!? Think about it!"
Itsuki: "Sakuya can’t be saved whatever the scenario... The best possible outcome would be for Kyoko to receive a new transplant, so at least Kyoko could be saved—"
Miss Itsuki has never looked at me with such serious eyes before.
Itsuki: "Even Sakuya herself asked you for this!"
Asuka: "...!"
Asuka: (—Sakuya asked me.)
"I want you to look after Kyoko."
Asuka: (It was her last wish to me.)
Asuka: "...Uh, uhhhhh...!"
My eyes start overflowing with tears.
Itsuki: "At any rate, there’s nothing I can do to help. As I told you, Kyoko regards me as a traitor as well now."
Nao: "I don’t think I can be of help here either... It has to be you, sis."
They can scold me, but not help me, huh? Though they’re smarter than me... I’m kind of disappointed.
Nao: "Sis, how about having Sakuya secretly sign a consent form?"
Asuka: "...I suspect Sakuya might not want to do that."
Kyoko is very dear to Sakuya... Their body, their life... She feels they rightfully belong to Kyoko. I think she doesn’t want to force Kyoko into anything just because of her own circumstances. That’s why she said what she said. That’s why she’s counting on me.
Asuka: "...But Sakuya, this task may be too much for me!"
Itsuki: "Well, it’s true that Kyoko’s dislike for you is extreme, to say the least."
Asuka: "You’re saying that as if it’s only my problem..."
Itsuki: "So? Are you just going to keep on standing there with your back against the door? That’s not exactly going to solve the situation."
Asuka: "Uhh..."
Asuka: (...Anyway...)
It’s true that standing here isn’t going to change anything. I have to do something.
Asuka: "A-alright! I’ll go back inside...!"
I don’t have any strategy in mind. I’m just going in on guts alone.
Nao: "Okay, good luck!"
Itsuki: "—Give it everything."
I nod at their support.
Asuka: "—!!!"
I turn around, open the door, and rush forward into the room once more. 
Kyoko: "Didn’t I tell you not to come in here!?"
Asuka: "Wha—! Some kind of strange device is flying at me—!"
I have to escape!
Asuka: "(Pant)... (pant)... (pant)..."
Itsuki: "What are you doing!?"
Asuka: "W-well, it’s just..."
Itsuki regards me with a mix of shock and irritation, and I have nothing to say in my defense.
Asuka: (Kyoko does hate me.)
Asuka: (Of course... It’s because I broke the promise I made to Sakuya...)
Asuka: (Uhh...)
—But Sakuya is counting on me.
Asuka: (It was her last wish.)
Asuka: (In that case.)
Asuka: (In that case—!)
Asuka: "(Pant)... (pant)... (pant)... (deep breath)..."
Asuka: (I want to give it my all to fulfill that wish.)
And, besides...
Asuka: "...Damn it. I’m starting to get really annoyed!"
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "Didn’t Kyoko love Sakuya as well? Then how can she not listen to her last wish then!? ...That blockhead!"
 Yes, I’m officially angry.
Asuka: "—Okay, if that’s how it is..."
I brace myself once more.
Asuka: "I’m going in again. Even if it means I end up in hospital myself!"
Itsuki: "Hm? —Okay, we’re counting on you!"
Miss Itsuki’s voice sounds a bit different than usual. It’s almost as if... she believes in me. It could be my imagination. It’s okay, even if it is.
Asuka: "Asuka Osachi, into the breach!"
Once again, I rush into the hospital room.
Asuka: "...Bring it on!"
I rush into the room with my eyes closed. I rush forward, without fear of things being thrown at me, without fear even of being knocked down. But—
Kyoko: "—(Sniff) —"
I hear Kyoko crying, and nothing’s flying in my direction.
Asuka: "—"
Asuka: "Kyo...ko...?"
I carefully open my eyes.
Kyoko: "Let me go... Let me go with Sakuya..."
Kyoko’s voice is filled with sorrow.
Asuka: "Oh—"
Kyoko: "A world without Sakuya has no meaning for me. So please, let me go—"
Hearing Kyoko’s emotional voice... My determination is completely blown away.  In a single instant, almost shamefully easily....Because, it’s just...
Asuka: (Because—)
Because I understand so, so deeply where Kyoko is coming from.
Asuka: (Because I’ve had...)
Because I’ve had the same feeling as her!
Asuka: "Kyoko..."
Kyoko: "I don’t want anything to do with you anymore, Asuka. If Sakuya’s going to die, I don’t care about anything anymore. Just leave me alone."
I understand how she feels. I understand it so much! So I’m lost for words as to what to say to her anymore. Putting myself in her shoes, I have no idea what I could say to her.
Asuka: (Sakuya’s last wish...)
Asuka: "...That’s not fair, Sakuya..."
Asuka: (Telling the two of us who love you so much, to live on in a world without you.)
That’s so unfair! But if I complained about that to Sakuya, she’d probably just say: "—Yes, I’m an unfair woman. Do you have a problem with that?"
I even feel like she’d say that with a completely cool expression. Why did I fall in love with such a person? So intense, so scary, so intent on getting things her way.
Asuka: (I love her so much!)
Asuka: "—Let’s get married."
I almost don’t even realize myself that I’m saying this.
Kyoko: "Huh?"
Kyoko looks at me with tear-filled eyes.
Kyoko: "What did you just say?"
Asuka: "Let’s get married....That’s what I said."
Kyoko: "..."
The expression on Kyoko’s face is a mix of surprise, disturbance and antipathy.
Asuka: "—"
I keep silent and wait for her reply.
Kyoko: "Who... are you saying that to?"
Kyoko Sakuya
====================scr00610.kgo====================
Asuka: "To you, Kyoko."
Sakuya told me to do it "with love."
Kyoko: "...Have you gone crazy?"
Asuka: "Possibly."
Kyoko: "I hate you. Aren’t you aware of that?"
Asuka: "And I hate you too."
I’m not sure if this is love. I get the feeling that it might be something else....And if it were love, I wouldn’t be sure towards what or whom. What is ‘love’ in the first place?
Kyoko: "That’s really weird. I don’t understand."
Asuka: "Sakuya— the Sakuya I love so much, she asked me to look after you. Though it was quite a big thing of her to ask of me."
Asuka: "But because it’s the last wish of my most beloved Sakuya, I decided to accept the challenge."
Kyoko: "Asuka...? You..."
Asuka: "I am also very aware of how difficult it is to live in a world without Sakuya. That’s why I can support you."
Kyoko: "—!"
Asuka: "I don’t even mind if you hate me forever and ever. I will devote the rest of my life to you. This is the proof of that."
I repeat myself once more.
Asuka: "—Let’s get married."
Hey, Sakuya. This might indeed be very crazy, but...
Asuka: (But you know, it might actually work out better than expected.)
Because after all, we are similar. We both love Sakuya so dearly, and we both feel so much sorrow to see Sakuya disappearing. We even share our hatred for each other.
Asuka: (Ohhh... I guess it’s going to be really super tough, though! Yes, it will.)
 Yes. And then— And then!
Asuka: "Okay, we’re here!"
Today is a day off, and a taxi has just brought us to the front gate of the school. I quickly pay the driver and step outside.
Nao: "Oh, sis!"
Since I contacted her in advance, Nao is waiting for us.
Nao: "Wow, you’re so beautiful! It looks so great on you!"
Sakuya: "Thank you for waiting for us, Nao."
Sakuya steps out of the taxi after me.
Nao: "Oh, Miss Sakuya, you’re so gorgeous too! You look so pretty next to each other!"
Asuka: "Hehe, that’s because we took our time to select the right dresses."
Yes, it did take a while.
Nao: "...I see. I’m so happy for you, sis. And you, Miss Sakuya!"
Sakuya: "Hehe, thanks."
Asuka: "Nao... (Sniff)."
I can’t suppress tears of happiness to see Nao smiling at us so brightly. What should I even say at a time like this to Nao, my beloved super sweet sister? Being her super no-good jellyfish of an older sister, I don’t know. So that’s why.
Asuka: "Thank you, Nao..."
Nao: "Oh, don’t cry, sis. You were just looking so gorgeous!"
Asuka: "But I can’t help it...!"
Sakuya: "What to do with her, huh?"
Nao: "Hehe."
Sakuya: "Nao, where’s Itsuki?"
Nao: "Oh, she was here until just a moment ago. When we knew you could be arriving any moment, she took off, saying she’d be in the classroom."
Nao: "She’s probably there."
Sakuya: "I see."
Nao: "Why don’t you go see her? ...It’s hard for her to be honest about her feelings, you see."
Sakuya: "Hehe, yes."
Sakuya: "But I’m really glad that Kyoko agreed to receive a new transplant."
Asuka: "...Yes."
Sakuya: "I hadn’t expected you’d be able to convince her by using such a forceful method like asking her to marry you..."
Asuka: "Well... What can I say...? It happened in the heat of the moment."
I scratch my head, embarrassed.
Asuka: "So, what about Kyoko? She’s not gonna show herself after all?"
Sakuya: "Well, we talked a lot last night. She told me she’d really hate it, so I didn’t push it."
Asuka: "She really does hate me, huh?"
Sakuya: "Hehe, maybe so."
Asuka: "But even so, she still insisted that we hold a ceremony. And she was so picky when selecting the dresses!"
My mind floats back into the memory. Several catalogs are spread across the surface of the bed.
Kyoko: "Isn’t this one nice?"
Asuka: "No, no, hold on! That’s way too sexy!"
Asuka: "This miniskirt exposes the legs way too much, the back is completely open, and look at that cleavage!"
Asuka: "For a wedding ceremony, you’re supposed to wear something more dignified, do you understand—?"
Kyoko: "Oh, you’re such a pain. How do you expect this marriage to last if you’re so nitpicky about the bride’s dress?"
Asuka: "I am also... one of the brides... you know?"
Kyoko: "Well, how about this one? It’s nice and glamorous."
Asuka: "...Wow, it’s gorgeous. It’s so sparkly, and would attract tons of attention. But wait a second. It wouldn’t look good on me. I’d be outshined by my own dress."
Kyoko: "It would look good on Sakuya. And equally, on me too."
Asuka: "Always just thinking about Sakuya, huh...? No consideration whatsoever for me..."
Kyoko: "Of course not! You mediocre peons should be glad you’re allowed to go at all."
Asuka: "You’re too cruel to me! >_< Whaah!"
Kyoko: "I just want Sakuya to sparkle and shine. That’s all I want."
Asuka: "...Like a star?"
Kyoko: "Like a big and bright star of the first magnitude, shining across the night sky."
Asuka: "Yeah. —By the way, Kyoko?"
Kyoko: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Do you really not want to be part of the ceremony? You’re happy for it to be just me and Sakuya...?"
Kyoko: "I’ve already told you how I feel. I have no intention of going."
Sakuya: "But in the end, Asuka, you were the one who selected the dresses, weren’t you?"
Sakuya’s voice pulls me back to the present.
Asuka: "Huh? Oh, yes... Well, she allowed me to choose a kind of dress that suits even a mediocre peon like me."
Sakuya: "Come on, the dresses are gorgeous! Totally gorgeous!"
Asuka: "Hehe, thanks."
Itsuki: "Wow, this is so weird..."
Asuka: "Is that the first thing you’re going to say? How rude..."
Itsuki: "But you... Did you come all the way here from the hospital in that outfit? Taking a taxi?"
Sakuya: "Yeah, it was my suggestion. It’s a special day after all."
Itsuki: "Couple of fools... The taxi driver must have been surprised."
Sakuya: "I wonder. I didn’t pay it much attention. —Did you?"
Asuka: "...Well, I suppose so, haha!"
Itsuki: "Well, I must admit, the dresses look good. On both of you."
Sakuya: "Thank you, Itsuki."
Itsuki: "You’re looking really beautiful, Sakuya."
Asuka: "...How about me?"
Itsuki: "Yeah, it’s nice. Looking good."
Asuka: "You don’t mean that! >_< ...I really wonder what you..."
Sakuya: "It would be nice if you and Nao could wear this soon too."
Itsuki: "Stop it already! Why does that always have to come up every time we meet? There’s nothing between me and Little Osachi."
Sakuya: "Hehe, I wonder if that’s true. What do you think, Asuka?"
 
Asuka: "Huh...? Um, well, I never really thought of them as that compatible, I suppose."
Although... It’s true that Nao has started talking about Miss Itsuki much more, recently....Most of what she says is negative, mind you.
Itsuki: "See?"
Sakuya: "Alright, alright. But my intuition isn’t wrong. It’s just too bad that I won’t be able to be there for your wedding."
There’s some sadness in Sakuya’s voice.
Itsuki: "Don’t worry, that wouldn’t happen even if you lived to the age of hundred."
Sakuya: "Alright, let’s just leave it at that, for the time being."
Itsuki: "You and your fantasies....Oh, I heard Ms. Ohara overlooking the first years’ voluntary practice in the training room ."
Itsuki: "Why don’t you go greet her? She went through a lot for you two, after all."
Asuka: "Yes, when I asked if we could use the school’s rooftop, she took care of the details for us."
Sakuya: "Right, I should thank her for that too."
Asuka: "Let’s go then."
As we leave the classroom, we can hear Miss Itsuki calling out to us.
Itsuki: "I wish you happiness forever and ever."
Her voice is clear and emotionless, but there is no sarcastic ring to it. The room instantly grows noisy as we step inside.
Kaede: "Miss Osachi and Miss Takeda?"
Asuka: "...Oh dang. Right, Miss Itsuki told us there would be first year students."
Sakuya: "Everyone’s staring at us, aren’t they?"
Student: "...Huh, what’s with those clothes? Would that also be... some kind of white nurse uniform?"
We hear all kinds of confused exclamations from the first year students....Well, this is a nursing academy after all.
Asuka: "No, well, it’s true that it’s completely white, but it’s not a nurse outfit."
Kaede: "Today must be your big day. Umm... It might not be the best idea to visit too many classrooms dressed like that..."
Sakuya: "My apologies, Ms. Ohara. We’ll be going right away. We just wanted to thank you."
Kaede: "Oh, you didn’t have to do that... I merely got you the permission to use the rooftop."
That’s what had happened. No one would have noticed if we had used the rooftop in secret, and no one would have been angry about it. But it was Sakuya’s opinion that we should go through the proper channels for an occasion like this.
Sakuya: "Thank you so much, Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "N-no problem... I was a bit surprised to hear you were really serious about doing this at school..."
Asuka: "Yes, it was Sakuya’s wish."
Sakuya: "I wanted to do this at least, since I probably won’t be able to graduate....I’m sorry for putting you to all the trouble."
Sakuya won’t be going to school anymore. That’s because Kyoko has no wish to become a nurse .
Kaede: "I always thought you’d be a great nurse though, Miss Takeda."
Sakuya: "Well, Asuka can do her best for my sake as well, so there’s no need to worry."
Asuka: "...You’re putting so much pressure on me..."
Sakuya: "Oh, aren’t you going to live up to my expectations, then?"
Asuka: "I-I will! I can do it!"
Kaede: "Hehe, that looks promising."
Sakuya: "Yes, Asuka is my star, after all."
Asuka: "—"
I think everyone must be like a star in the night sky for someone—
Asuka: "Well, here we are! Pa-pa-pa-paa, pa-pa-pa-paa!"
As I hum the famous wedding melody, I pull Sakuya by the hand onto the rooftop. The sky is pleasantly clear, the wind is gentle, and we have a great view of the townscape. The Nightingale statue is standing in front of us. It’s the statue which is usually located in the auditorium, which holds the flame of the candle service during the Capping Ceremony . Right now, the statue is kindly looking down on us.
Sakuya: "It’s really the perfect weather for a wedding ceremony."
Asuka: "Ahaha, if there’s such a thing as perfect weather for that. But it does feel like that!"
Sakuya: "Right? I’m so glad it’s sunny."
Asuka: "Oh, by the way, I stayed up late memorizing the words of the marriage vows. Umm—"
Sakuya: "Never mind about those."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "I just want to be with you here, by your side. I just want to feel you, Asuka."
Asuka: "Sakuya—"
Sakuya: "And I want you to vow your eternal love."
Asuka: "T-to whom?"
Sakuya: "To Kyoko, of course—"
Since Sakuya will disappear.
Sakuya: "And to me as well. But don’t worry, it’s not like you’re marrying two girls."
Asuka: "Yes—"
I’m reminded of Sakuya’s trembling lips, from our kiss at the hospital.
Sakuya: "I’m not scared anymore. Really."
Asuka: "Yes."
Sakuya: "I feel really happy."
Asuka: "Yeah, me too."
The new transplant has been scheduled for next week. But, Sakuya’s consciousness... her soul, might not even make it until then. Sakuya said so herself. She probably knows better than anyone else.
Asuka: (—I would be lying if I said I wasn’t sad.)
But I’m not scared.
Asuka: "I feel happy as well. And I’ll be happy forever. You can count on me to take care of Kyoko."
Sakuya: "Hehe, you’re so reliable."
The sky above our heads seems almost crystal blue.
Asuka: "Sakuya..."
Sakuya: "Yes, Asuka?"
Asuka: "With all my heart and soul, I, Asuka Osachi, pledge my eternal love to Kyoko— and to you."
Sakuya: "...Say it once more. Just to me."
Asuka: "I pledge my love to you, Sakuya."
Sakuya: "And I pledge mine to you."
Sakuya smiles at me brilliantly. And then, we kiss each other to seal our pledge.
Asuka: "—Hehe."
Our lips part, and we smile at each other. The sky above our heads seems almost crystal blue. The world of stars, beyond that sky. The far, far away world of stars.
Asuka: (I wonder if Sakuya’s soul will be going there.) As I’m thinking this... I hold my beloved, feeling the heat within her body.
====================scr00611.kgo====================
Many years later—
Asuka: "What lovely weather. Perfect to go for a walk!"
Kyoko: "I’d rather say it’s perfect for an afternoon nap. I just wanted to spend time relaxing at home."
???: "Come on, you’re so lazy."
Kyoko: "I came for the walk, so what are you complaining about?"
Walking in between Kyoko and me is our cute little daughter. We’re going on a family stroll today....Though it always takes a lot of effort to get Kyoko out of the house.
Asuka: "What shall we do with you, huh, Kyoko?"
I smile wryly, and then I talk to our beloved daughter.
Asuka: "Shall we go to the usual park? Or would you like to check out a new place?"
???: "Hm, exploring a new place might not be bad. So yeah—"
Though our daughter says this with a composed expression, she’s brimming with enthusiasm. It’s so adorable.
???: "Let’s go this way then, Asuka."
Asuka: "It would be nice if you called me Mom sometimes. Or Mama Asuka..."
???: "It might be true that your official position is higher than mine, but to me, you are just Asuka."
Our daughter says this as if it’s obvious... Right, I had forgotten. This girl— for her, I’ll always be Asuka.
Asuka: "Well, it’s just, it still feels so strange even after all these years....Being born anew is really possible, huh... Sakuya."
Yes, it’s my beloved Sakuya. My stubborn, obstinate and determined beloved... The girl I promised my eternal love to...
Sakuya: "Heh! ‘Impossible’ isn’t in my dictionary. It was an easy thing to do."
She somehow made her way back to us, as the daughter of Kyoko and myself.
Sakuya: "If required, I can bend even divine will itself, you know!"
...And she’s making herself sound like even more of a big shot than before....Though, maybe because of her young age still, she’s not that verbally adept yet.
Kyoko: "I guess that’s what you call a miracle."
Sakuya: "Better call it the power of love!"
Asuka: "Yes, you’re right..."
Kyoko: "...Hm, I wonder."
Sakuya: "What’s an even bigger surprise is that things somehow worked out between you two. Though I’m the one who asked for it in the first place..."
Asuka: "...It was really tough, though."
Kyoko: "Yes, a lot of things happened."
Asuka: "To be honest, I thought she’d kill me a few times..."
Kyoko: "I was just messing with you!"
Asuka: (What!? I don’t believe that!)
I think so to myself, but I don’t say it out loud. I’m not sure whether it’s a divine miracle or the power of love, but the truth of the matter is that Sakuya is here by my side right now. When I think about that, I can forgive all of it.
Asuka: (I can smile.)
Sakuya takes us both by the hand and pulls us onward.
Sakuya: "Anyway, you’ll soon have to make a decision."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Sakuya: "Of course, you’ll have to decide which one of us you love the most!"
Kyoko: "I’m sorry to tell you, but that’ll be me. While you were gone for a few years, we’ve had a lot of time to grow fond of each other."
Asuka: "Umm... Now you mention that, it’s true."
Sakuya: "Oh really? I was the one Asuka fell in love with in the first place, and we were the ones who actually had a wedding."
Asuka: "That’s true too... Hm, it’s such a hard choice!"
This is such a difficult situation. I’m totally lost for what to say. Sakuya and Kyoko are staring right at me.
Sakuya: "Asuka."
Kyoko: "Asuka?"
What a problem, what a problem! ...But, I don’t think I could wish for a more fantastic problem than this. So...
Asuka: "Ahahaha, I’m such a lucky girl."
Kyoko: "Hey, you’re avoiding the question!"
Sakuya: "Yes, she is."
Asuka: "Ahaha!"
So...
Asuka: (I can smile.)
Sakuya pulls both of us onward by the hand. We’re like three happily connected stars.  For ever and ever. Under the warm sunlight—
====================scr00612.kgo====================
Asuka: "To Sakuya of course. There’s no one else for me."
I’m also sad that Sakuya is going to disappear. I also feel that a world without Sakuya will lose its meaning. I want to be with her forever. I don’t want to go on without her.
Asuka: (Because, that’s what it means to love someone.)
Even so, we were separated for such a long time. And though we got to meet again, I wasn’t even aware of it. And now, just when we’ve been reunited, in the truest sense...
Asuka: "I don’t want anything to do with you, Kyoko. I really don’t."
Tears are rolling down my cheeks.
Asuka: "The one I love is Sakuya. So if I’m going to marry, I want Sakuya."
Kyoko is silent, and I can’t even guess what she’s thinking. I drop my gaze to the floor. My vision is blurred by my tears. Everything I look at looks distorted.
Kyoko: "—Hehe, you’re such a fool."
Her voice sounds soft and gentle.
Asuka: "Huh—?"
And then—
Asuka: "There... we are."
Carrying Sakuya in my arms like a the princess she is, I open the door to the school’s rooftop and step outside.
Asuka: "Wow, the wind feels so nice!"
The sky looks almost crystal blue, and there’s a pleasant, refreshing wind blowing across the rooftop.
Asuka: "Hey, Sakuya, isn’t the weather nice?"
I step forward, to the center of the rooftop. Sakuya was the one who said this rooftop would be nice if we were going to have a ceremony.
Asuka: "Though it was hard to get here without anyone finding out."
I mutter this to myself in an earnest tone. We’re dressed like this, after all, and I couldn’t ask anyone for any help. If I had asked, they would have definitely opposed the idea—  Or maybe, Nao or Miss Itsuki might not have actually opposed it, but still... I couldn’t possibly talk about it.
Asuka: "Well, why don’t we begin?"
This is my secret wedding ceremony with Sakuya.
Asuka: "You know, I’ve actually remembered the lines! Eheh!"
I’m pretty proud of myself.
Asuka: "Ahem, umm, well then, umm... What was it again? Oh, right!"
I remember the lines of the marriage vows, which I stayed up all night memorizing. That was a close one, I thought I’d already forgotten.
Asuka: "Asuka Osachi—"
Asuka: "Do you take this woman, in health and in sickness, for richer and for poorer..."
Asuka: "Do you promise your eternal companionship, and, with a never-ending smile, do you pledge your eternal love and mutual support?"
The sun is the only presence bearing witness to us, but that’s enough.
Asuka: "—Yes, I do."
I declare my love, openly and honestly.
Asuka: "Hehe... But I can’t help feeling a little embarrassed though."
I laugh a little. And next...
Asuka: "Sakuya Takeda—"
Asuka: "Do you take this woman, in health and in sickness, for richer and for poorer..."
Asuka: "Do you promise your eternal companionship, and, with a never-ending smile, do you pledge your eternal love and mutual support?"
My heart is beating fast, and I wait for just a moment. But Sakuya doesn’t answer.
Asuka: (She doesn’t have to answer, because I already know.)
Sakuya’s eyes are closed, as if she’s sleeping. I look at her in her dress.
Itsuki: "You look so beautiful, Sakuya."
She really does.
Asuka: "Oh... but..."
I look up at the blue sky.
Asuka: "I didn’t prepare any wedding rings, and since there are no attendees, I suppose there’s nothing left to do after exchanging the vows."
I look at Sakuya.
Asuka: "Though, being with you is already enough."
There’s nothing else I could wish for.
Asuka: "I’m really surprised, though. Have you noticed, Sakuya? How Nao and Miss Itsuki have suddenly started to get along so well?"
I’ve been so focused on Sakuya, that I haven’t been paying attention to the two of them. Though they probably wouldn’t admit it yet themselves. I get the feeling that soon, they’ll probably start dating each other for real though. —Call it a woman’s intuition.
Asuka: "Oh, right!"
I’m suddenly reminded of something.
Asuka: "After the vows, we still have to kiss each other!"
Saying this, I cover Sakuya’s lips with mine.
Asuka: "Hmm—"
I kiss her....Even in this sunlight, Sakuya’s lips feel nice and cool. I feel happy.
Asuka: "Ehehe..."
I laugh bashfully. I stare at Sakuya’s face from the side. I stare at her intently. The face of the girl I love so much.
Asuka: "Stay with me forever and ever, okay, Sakuya? I won’t ever let us be apart again."
We were separated for more than ten years. All this time, the distance between us was so, so far. But right now, she’s so close by. I feel Sakuya so close to me.
Asuka: "Let’s be together forever and ever."
"—But, what do you mean by forever?"
I feel as if... someone just asked me this. I wonder, maybe it could have been the voice of God. If that’s so... Openly and without hesitation, I thrust my chest forward and reply boldly to the sky above.
Asuka: "Since I pledged her my eternal love, the answer is obvious. Until I die!"
No, that won’t be enough.
Asuka: "Even after I die—"
We won’t be separated. Never, until the end of time.
====================scr00701.kgo====================
"Good job, sis."
"Why don’t you take a little break? It’s the school festival after all, so why don’t you go take a look around?"
I decided to follow Nao’s suggestion. I leave the classroom and start taking a look around the school building. Hm, even though I’m probably biased, I think our cafe is still the best... I’m so very satisfied with what we achieved. I did my best after all. Even more than for my studies...
Asuka: "O-or I guess, about the same as for my studies, yes."
...Probably.
Asuka: "—Oh."
Walking around, I suddenly realize how quiet my surroundings have become. The tumult of the school festival sounds far off in the distance. It seems like this part of the school wasn’t being used. I don’t see any people around, and it’s deathly silent. And then...
Asuka: "...The archive room."
I realize that I’ve reached the infamous archive room at the far end of the second floor, the one that’s not being used anymore. Here I am again. When was it again that I came here last time? I don’t remember.
Asuka: (The crying girl in the archive room—)
I’m reminded of Nao’s ghost story, and a shiver runs down my spine.
Asuka: "Though when I came here last time, I didn’t hear anything—"
It’s gossip, just gossip. An urban legend... Or should I call it an academic legend?  When I came here last time, the door had been slightly ajar, but this time it’s firmly closed. I guess that’s how it’s supposed to be....I’m standing in front of the door.
Asuka: "What did Nao say again...? Something about drawing blood, if I remember correctly..."
Some girl who wasn’t good at drawing blood during classes was told to practice by herself. So she practiced secretly in the archive room. She still wasn’t very good at it, and ended up stabbing herself again and again. Yes, thinking about it calmly, that kind of thing could never be possible.
Asuka: "Ahaha, I’m such a fool!"
I laugh obviously and with no real conviction. I’m reminded of how scared Miss Itsuki gets when you mention any ghost stories.
Asuka: "Maybe I’ll tell her I heard a crying girl’s voice when I get back to the cafe."
I chuckle to myself as I come up with some mischief. Since she’s always the one messing with me.
Asuka: "It hurts, oh it hurts... Hehe—"
???: "—"
Asuka: "...!?"
I freeze into place as if petrified. I feel like... I just heard something.
Asuka: "...Uh."
I look around. As I thought, no sign of anyone. There’s no one here except me. I would be able to tell if there were anyone else here.
Asuka: (It must have been my imagination... Yes, it must have been.)
It’s because I started talking about the crying girl. I’ve frightened myself! ...Let’s keep this a secret. Though there’s no real reason to, I deliberately speak out loud to myself, in an attempt to maintain my composure.
Asuka: "I-I should get back to the classroom-!"
Yes, definitely.
Asuka: "I shouldn’t be the only one taking breaks after all—"
???: "—"
Asuka: "—!?!?!?"
I’m startled again and look around....No sign of anyone in the hallways.
Asuka: "Th-th-there’s no one here..."
A cold chill runs up my spine. There are no spots around here where anyone could be hiding. I would have noticed if there were, definitely! Since I haven’t noticed anyone...
Asuka: (...It couldn’t be possible! Come on! Ahahaha!)
Asuka: "...I can’t possibly have heard it from inside the archive room—"
???: "—"
Asuka: (I heard something from inside the archive room!)
I definitely heard something! I’m sure I heard something! From inside the archive room! The sound of someone crying—
Asuka: (Now I’m the one who wants to cry!)
Run away! Run away, run away, run away! Run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away, run away!!! That’s the only thought going through my mind. It’s the obvious thing to do! I’m about to start running away from this place like a bullet out of a gun.
???: "—"
But my feet are frozen in place... No, I don’t mean an evil spirit is tying me to the spot. I just can’t move. I stand still in front of the door.
Asuka: "...Uhh."
The voice I just heard from inside the archive room... That crying voice...
Asuka: (I feel as if— I’ve heard that voice before somewhere...)
Asuka: "...(Gulp.)"
And now, curiosity takes hold... I have to find out who it is! It’s not like I heard the voice well enough to really distinguish whose voice it was. I have no choice but to open the door if I want to find out. I swallow once more with a big gulp, and reach out towards the door.
Asuka: (...What if it’s a trap?)
What if it’s a trap, set by the crying girl’s ghost? She might have made herself sound like a familiar voice, and then as I open the door, she might just suddenly swallow me whole—!
Asuka: (Huh, swallow me? Where’d I get that from? No, no.)
 Why would she do that? My imagination really took a weird turn there.
Asuka: "Ah! There’s no use thinking about it! And I really do want to know!"
My curiosity has always sort of been my weak point. Curiosity killed the jellyfish.
Asuka: "(Gulp.)"
I swallow again and put my hand on the door handle once more. Let’s find out the truth behind this ghost once and for all, I think to myself.
Asuka: (Let’s do it!)
I’m keeping my war cry to myself though.
Asuka: "Slowly..."
In reality, I open the door very slowly and timidly. It’s not locked. I open the door just a crack, so I can look inside the archive room ever so slightly. I bring my eye towards the crack and peer inside. As I look inside— I see an ‘angel’. Before I realize, my hand has already pushed open the door. And my voice has already called out.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara...?"
Kaede: "—Huh?"
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, are you crying?"
The girl inside the archive room happens to be Ms. Ohara. She’s wearing her white uniform—. It’s the ‘angel in white ’! Ms. Ohara is crying. She’s in a crouched posture, except for her face which is facing up, looking at me. And with her eyes still moist with tears, she repeats once more.
Kaede: "...Huh?"
Her eyes keep on blinking. I’m still in the doorway, and she’s in the center of the archive room. We don’t exchange any more words. Without any particular meaning attached to it, we’re just staring at each other. Seeing her with tears in her eyes, just like that one time, a while ago—
Asuka: (She’s so cute...)
I can’t help having this inappropriate thought.
Kaede: "—"
Ms. Ohara’s lips start moving, but no words come out. I don’t know what she’s trying to say.
Kaede: "Uh, (cough)!"
Ms. Ohara coughs, still in this crouching position, before speaking.
Kaede: "A-Asuka Osachi...?"
Asuka: "Yes, number five on the class roll... Umm, are you okay, Ms. Ohara?"
Kaede: "...Huh?"
Asuka: "Well, since you’re crying..."
As I point it out...
Kaede: "O-oh!!! No, it’s not what it seems! It’s not what it seems!"
Her face turns bright red. She stands up. She wipes the tears on her white sleeve as if none of this ever happened.
Asuka: (Oh, she’s just so cute!)
Kaede: "I wasn’t crying. It’s nothing, really. Hehe, no need to worry about your teacher—"
She tries to act as if nothing happened, but...
Kaede: "Uhh...!"
New tears immediately come welling up from her eyes.
Asuka: "U-umm..."
Kaede: "Uhh!"
...Well, tears aren’t such an easy thing to stop after all.
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Ohara..."
Kaede: "Uhh...! ...The door..."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Kaede: "...Could you please close the door?"
Asuka: "Oh, sure, I’m sorry."
I close the door in a hurry, and only then do I realize that I’m now inside the archive room. I hope this will be okay.
Asuka: "...Oh, but, would it be better if I just went outside...?"
Kaede: "...No..."
Ms. Ohara shakes her head. —I guess that means it’s okay for me to be here.
Kaede: "You can be here..."
In response to Ms. Ohara’s words, I nod. In such a small space, just Ms. Ohara and me. She’s still sobbing a little bit as I close the door. She then speaks with a wry smile.
Kaede: "I’m sorry I showed you such an embarrassing side of me."
Asuka: "Oh... yes..."
Kaede: "How many times... has this happened now, Miss Osachi?"
Asuka: "Umm... hmm..."
I don’t know how to answer, so I give her a vague reply. Ms. Ohara is probably talking about everything which happened surrounding that resignation letter. A tiny part of me thinks that this might have something to do with that as well.
Kaede: "..."
Ms. Ohara continues sniffling for a while longer, before finally heaving a heavy sigh.
Kaede: "(Sigh)..."
Her tears have finally stopped, and it seems as if she has calmed down. Not sure what to say, I’m just standing there, looking at her. Maybe I could ask her if she’s really the true identity of the ‘crying girl’.
Kaede: "I’m sorry to burden you like this."
Asuka: "Oh, it’s nothing..."
Kaede: "So, why did you come here, Miss Osachi?"
Asuka: "Umm, well I... I just happened to pass by... Yes, it was just a coincidence."
Kaede: "A coincidence... I see."
Ms. Ohara seems to smile a little.
Kaede: "First the resignation letter, and now this... Seeing me crying, hiding from everyone else..."
Asuka: "Hm..."
Kaede: "I suppose you’ve already given up on me as your role model, haven’t you?"
Asuka: "No, I would never!"
I shake my head vigorously. Though it’s true that my image of her has changed a little since I saw her for the first time on the first day of school.
Asuka: "Even now, you are still—"
"Reaching my hand towards the starry sky."
Asuka: "...My precious star!"
Kaede: "—"
Ms. Ohara’s eyes widen a little bit as I say this.
Kaede: "...I see."
I’m getting a mix of different impressions from her voice as she mutters this. Then, Ms. Ohara looks out of the window as she speaks.
Kaede: "This is my own little secret spot, you know."
Asuka: "Your secret spot...?"
Kaede: "It’s the one place in this school which isn’t used by anyone. Not by any teachers, nor by any students. It’s been forgotten, and nobody knows about it. It’s my little secret spot, ‘just for me’—"
...Umm...
Asuka: (No, it’s pretty well known actually. There’s even horror stories going around about this place!)
I’ll keep that to myself, for now.
Kaede: "I’m sorry. I feel better already."
Ms. Ohara flashes me a bright smile. She still sounds a bit emotional, though.
Kaede: "You were doing something for the festival too, right? A cafe, wasn’t it?"
Asuka: "Oh, yes."
Kaede: "Are you taking a break now? I suppose you still have to go back there, don’t you?"
Kaede: "I don’t want to keep you. I’ll be leaving too, so why don’t we go back?"
Asuka: "Sure."
Kaede: "...(Sigh.)"
I can’t help wondering if she’s really okay. Well, if she says so herself... I turn towards the door. Ms. Ohara follows behind me. I put my hand on the door handle. And just then, I think to myself I should assure her that I won’t talk about this to anyone.
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara—"
But as I turn back,
Kaede: "...Uhh..."
Asuka: (Again...!?)
Her tears, which I thought had stopped, have started flowing again.
Kaede: "I... I’m so sorry...! I thought I was okay already, but..."
Ms. Ohara is wiping her tears with her sleeve.
Kaede: "I’ll be okay by myself. Why don’t you go ahead, Miss Osachi. I’m sorry, I have to stay here a little longer..."
Asuka: "But, Ms. Ohara..."
Kaede: "I’m alright... really. Isn’t the cafe still busy? So please, go back."
I should go back... I’ll stay with her It’s true that Nao and Miss Sakuya are still working at the cafe.
Asuka: "Okay then, I will go back then."
Kaede: "Yes, that would be best."
She smiles at me reassuringly, though her eyes are still moist with tears. Very reluctantly, I walk towards the door of the archive room— And right as I open the door,
Kaede: "...(Sniff), uhuhh..."
Ms. Ohara starts sniffling again. It seems like she can’t hold her tears back... I-I shouldn’t go! I turn back to face her again.
Asuka: (Yes, I think I should stay... after all.)
I think to myself that I can’t leave Ms. Ohara behind like this.
Asuka: (—Why would she be crying?)
I find myself returning to this question.
Asuka: (What’s the reason behind those tears?)
This question is whirling inside of my mind, but I immediately chase it out. For now, the reason isn’t important. (Though I do feel curious.)
Asuka: (Because, I just can’t help feeling I want to be there for her.)
It’s not out of kindness or a sense of responsibility.
Asuka: "Um, Ms. Ohara?"
Kaede: "...Huh?"
Ms. Ohara looks at me with tear-soaked eyes. I internally apologize to Nao. And, just in case, to Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki as well. I tell them I’m sorry for not coming back yet....I’ll have to apologize to them properly face to face later.
Asuka: "I’ll stay here, until you’ve finished crying."
Kaede: "Oh, Miss Osachi—"
Asuka: "I’ll be here with you, so please just allow yourself to relax. Oh, but if you can’t relax with me around, I’ll go."
Kaede: "...No..."
Ms. Ohara shakes her head.
Kaede: "I can relax around you, Miss Osachi—"
She speaks to me shyly................... In the end, it takes quite a while before Ms. Ohara truly calms down. In order to do something about the gloomy atmosphere in the room, I open the window a little bit. We can faintly hear the murmurs from the festival. But the festival is probably about to end soon...
Asuka: (Nao might be worried about me.)
And since I left my smartphone over there, I can’t contact her. My break time ended a while ago.
Asuka: (Miss Sakuya must be angry.)
I’ll just prepare myself to get scolded later....Yeah, it can’t be helped.
Kaede: "I guess—"
Ms. Ohara speaks to me from behind, as I’m staring out of the window. I look back at her.
Kaede: "You’ve found out quite a lot about the real me, haven’t you?"
Asuka: "The real you...?"
Kaede: "When I’m... in front of the students, that’s not the real me. That’s just a mask I made for myself, as part of the Ohara family—"
"The Ohara family."
I heard about that on my first day at school, and since then, I’ve heard classmates talking about it sometimes too.  Everyone in the medical world apparently knows about how important the Ohara family has been in the field of medicine (though I didn’t know), and Ms. Ohara is the younger of two daughters of this family. Her parents are both amazing, and her sister is such a great nurse that she even won the Nightingale Award . Ms. Ohara herself has an amazing record as well, having been nominated for the award as well, but pulling out of the contest of her own accord. She’s my role model. She’s my— "star".
Asuka: (But...)
There are so many things about her which are just adorable as well.
Asuka: (She kissed me on the forehead too, didn’t she?)
I’m reminded of how nice that was.
Asuka: "Um..."
Though part of me thinks that it might be none of my business...
Asuka: (Like, being a student, what on earth am I saying to my teacher—?)
But I say it anyway...
Kaede: "...?"
Asuka: "You don’t need to wear it in front of me. There’s no need."
Kaede: "Miss Osachi—"
Asuka: "Though it might be a little late to say..."
 
Kaede: "Uhh..."
Ms. Ohara suffers another stab. She had finally calmed down, but now there’s tears in her eyes again!
Asuka: "Oh! No, that’s not what I meant!"
Flustered, I shake my hand in front of me. Seeing me like this, Ms. Ohara chuckles. —She’s finally smiling!
Kaede: "You’re right, it might be too late in your case."
Asuka: "Oh, but... How can I put it...?"
Kaede: "Allow me to remove the mask for you, then. But, keep in mind that I can’t do that when others are around."
Asuka: "...Oh, right."
Only when it’s just the two of us, then. Now I think about it, that’s understandable.
Kaede: "Thank you. I think I’m really okay now."
She sounds refreshed. Her voice sounds pretty much the way it usually sounds. I feel some relief.
Asuka: "Um, well, it might be a good time to go then."
That’s true for me... But I suppose, being a teacher, she can’t afford to spend too much time in here either. Then, Ms. Ohara blinks her eyes in apparent surprise.
Kaede: "Oh, I’m such a baby!"
Her eyes widen as she continues.
Kaede: "Y-yes, I have to return to the school affairs office. I wonder what that evil vice principal is going to say to me—"
Asuka: "Okay, let’s hurry then. They’ll be angry at me too."
I say this with a smile, before taking the lead and stepping towards the door again. I walk, a few steps. But then... My hand... is grabbed from behind.
Asuka: "Huh?"
Asuka: (Could it be that she still—?)
Kaede: "—You’re so sweet."
I turn back.
Asuka: (Huh?)
As I turn back, Ms. Ohara’s face is right in front of mine. It’s so close. An angel’s face. She’s smiling. She’s close, and she’s coming even closer.
Asuka: (H-huh?)
Ms. Ohara’s lips... This angel’s lips— ...That night.
Asuka: "...(Sigh)..."
The night after the school festival. Having returned to my room, I throw myself down on my bed and heave a single sigh. After what happened earlier, I had returned to the classroom... And as I had expected, Nao had been worried about me, and I got scolded by Miss Sakuya. And Miss Itsuki just teased me, asking me if I’d gotten lost somewhere. But all those words went in one ear and out the other, since something else was occupying my mind. Even now... I just keep on thinking about one thing. Even so, I did manage to eat up the dinner Nao made for me. Nao is doing the clean-up inside the kitchen. I can hear how she’s enjoying washing the dishes. I’m just lying down, looking up at the bottom of the upper bunk.
Asuka: "...(Sigh)..."
Another sigh spontaneously escapes my lips. I’m feeling uneasy.
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis?"
Nao has finished the dishes and is back in the room now.
Nao: "You’ve been strange ever since returning after your break. Did something happen?"
"Something."
Asuka: "...Hmm..."
Nao: "Sis?"
Asuka: "No..."
I mumble this, still lying down. Nao is staring at me with a puzzled expression.
Asuka: "Hm—!"
I sit upright and look at Nao.
Asuka: "Hey, Nao..."
Nao: "Yes, sis?"
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara—"
I start speaking, but then I suddenly shut my mouth... I’m shocked at what I was about to say.
Asuka: (You know, we kissed—)
Right.
Asuka: (Or rather, she kissed me— ...What do you think it means?)
No, I can’t possibly say that. I definitely can’t!
Nao: "...? What about Ms. Ohara, sis?"
Asuka: "Huh? Oh, umm..."
I can’t help stuttering.
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Well, umm... What, umm, do you think about Ms. Ohara?"
Nao: "What do I ‘think about her’...?"
Asuka: "Well, I guess I was just wondering what kind of impression you get from her..."
I know my explanation doesn’t make sense. I know it sounds suspicious. I’m so bad at deceiving people after all.
Nao: "Hmm..."
But Nao makes no effort to see through my suspicious behavior. (She’s the greatest sister!) She has a serious expression on her face, and seems to be thinking about it.
Nao: "I guess... she’s my nemesis."
Asuka: "Huh!?"
I’m surprised at her highly unusual answer. Nemesis? What does she mean by that?
Asuka: "N-nemesis?"
Nao: "—Yes, my nemesis. She’s the kind of enemy I have no answer for."
Asuka: "..."
I’m just lost for what to say to that.
Nao: "She looks like she’s got it all together, but underneath she’s surprisingly weak and clumsy. And that’s kind of where her charm lies."
Asuka: "Damn, you got her all figured out!"
Nao: "Watch your language, sis. Anyway, do you remember how on the first day of school, she came to class in her white uniform?"
Asuka: "Huh, oh... Yes, now you mention it. What about it?"
I don’t understand what she’s getting at.
Nao: "That was probably a slip from her. It must have been unintentional."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Nao: "It’s similar to that time when you were about to leave for school wearing your training uniform. It’s just my intuition though."
 
Asuka: (W-wow... Now she mentions it...)
I also wondered at that time why she was wearing her white uniform. I thought it had been just some special thing for the new students. But it’s true... That might have been possible for the entrance ceremony, but not on the first day of normal classes.
Asuka: "I see..."
Nao: "—Right?"
I understand what she’s saying.
Asuka: (...Does that mean, that from the very first day, Nao was aware of Ms. Ohara’s clumsy... or rather, cute aspects? I-I’m amazed...)
Rather than feeling bad that she noticed it before me, I’m just really amazed by her.
Nao: "—You know..."
Nao wears a serious expression now. 
Nao: "I’m pretty confident that I wouldn’t be defeated by the average person. Even if I had to fight for you, I’m pretty sure I could destroy most opposition."
Asuka: "R-right."
That’s quite a disturbing thing to say.
Nao: "Oh, if it were someone I approved of, it would be different. But—"
She looks at me with a troubled, wry smile.
Nao: "But for her, I wouldn’t be a match. Yeah, she would defeat me before the fight has even started."
Asuka: "..."
I remain speechless, without any clue what she could be talking about.
Nao: "That’s why she’s my nemesis."
Asuka: (Her nemesis, huh...?)
I conjure up the image of Ms. Ohara in my mind’s eye. The ‘angel in white ’. The ‘perfect nurse ’. With an angel’s lips. An angel’s kiss—
Asuka: (Her lips... They felt so nice...)
Yes, that sensation was definitely of an angel... or of heaven, rather.
Nao: "...? What’s up, sis? What are you looking so happy about...?"
Asuka: "O-oh, no! I’m sorry!"
For some reason, I’ve entered into apology mode... Uh-oh.
====================scr00702.kgo====================
The next morning, I’m heading to school with Nao.
Asuka: "(Yawwwn)..."
I loudly yawn.
Nao: "You look tired. Did you have trouble falling asleep last night?"
Asuka: "...Well... kind of. There was something on my mind."
Nao: "Something on your mind...? Nothing to do with your studies, I suppose?"
Asuka: "Umm... hahaha!"
I try to dodge the issue with fake laughter. (Though I’m sure it’s not working at all.)
Nao: "If you had been thinking about your studies, you would have been asleep in no time."
Asuka: "You know me too well..."
Nao: "Hehe, we’re sisters after all."
She says it like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. —That ‘angel’s kiss’. When I was lying in my bed... I had been thinking about what could have been the meaning behind that kiss. Tossing and turning...
Asuka: "...It could have had something to do with the fact that she’d just been crying."
Nao: "Crying? Who are you talking about?"
I unintentionally uttered my thoughts out loud!
Asuka: "—Oh, no, it’s nothing! Nothing at all!"
I’ve been acting suspiciously since yesterday....And I suspect that Nao sees right through me.
Asuka: (I guess I don’t have a choice but to ask Ms. Ohara about it directly.)
This is the conclusion I reach. And so, that’s what I decide to do. After classes...
Asuka: "—Ms. Ohara."
Kaede: "...? Oh, Miss Osachi."
I stop Ms. Ohara as she’s walking through the hallway. I had been looking all day for opportunities to talk to her privately... But I hadn’t been able to find any.
Kaede: "What’s the matter?"
Ms. Ohara seems to be in ‘teacher-mode’, and is looking at me accordingly.
Asuka: "—Hm!"
I quickly check our surroundings. There’s no one around. But considering the place, I won’t have more than a moment. I have to ask her now. About that ‘angel’s kiss’.
Asuka: (Uh...)
I feel my cheeks grow a little hot.
Kaede: "...?"
Ms. Ohara looks at me with a puzzled expression. It’s as if she’s forgotten about yesterday. Or it could also be that she just thought nothing of it....Maybe because she’s older than me?
Asuka: "U-umm..."
In contrast to her, I’m feeling increasingly nervous... I feel like such a child. 
Kaede: "Was there anything about the classes you didn’t understand? Or maybe something about the training—?"
Asuka: "U-umm!"
Asuka: (Go on, ask her!)
Kaede: "...Yes?"
Asuka: "W-w-why did you kiss me yesterday!?"
Kaede: "!!!"
I put it out there with a bang. For a moment, Ms. Ohara’s face turns bright red.
Asuka: (I want to know!)
Asuka: (What was behind that kiss?)
Asuka: (’Cause after all, Ms. Ohara is a star...)
Asuka: (My star.)
Asuka: (She’s my role model, my goal—)
Why did she kiss me out of the blue?
Asuka: (If there’s no deep meaning behind it, then that’s fine. I just want to know.)
Kaede: "...O-o-oh, u-umm..."
Asuka: (She’s so flustered!)
So much so that it’s even surprising to me....M-maybe I shouldn’t have asked her something like that at school!?
Asuka: "I-I’m sorry, I—"
I curl myself up in shame. But Ms. Ohara finally answers.
Kaede: "N-n-no, don’t w-worry about it. Y-yes, I suppose it’s normal for you t-to ask that."
Though she’s still super flustered, she tries to force a smile on her face. She’s trying to force a smile, but... she’s not smiling at all. She’s looking rather as if...
Kaede: "Y-yes, of course... I-I mean... It was so out of the b-blue... U-uhh..."
Asuka: (She’s looking rather as if she’s about to cry!)
Am I making her cry!? Why!?
Asuka: "No! Umm! I’m sorry, never mind, it’s nothing—"
I’m feeling flustered as well now. I’m trying like this to play it off as nothing....But, as I’m doing that...
Kaede: "No, you’re right. We have to talk properly about this."
Ms. Ohara says this as if she’s saying it to herself.
Kaede: "...Let’s see."
There’s a serious look on her face.
Kaede: "Could you come to my house tonight?"
Asuka: ".........Huh?"
That’s an invitation! To her house, even... It seems such an adult kind of invitation.  Is this...? Is this...? Is this—
Asuka: (A-an angel’s seduction!?)
That makes it sounds a little sexy. Ms. Ohara had to take care of some school matters, first. As a result, she didn’t offer to take me home with her after school, but she gave me a hand-written map instead. She told me she’d be home after ten. I leave the dorm room after telling Nao there’s something I need to ask Ms. Ohara. I suppose she probably thinks it’s about school... Or on the other hand, Nao being Nao, she might be seeing right through me....She probably is.
Asuka: "Umm... The map will be easiest to follow if I first head to the station..."
I’m walking while keeping an eye on the map Ms. Ohara gave me....There is a little note at the bottom. It says that it’s easier to follow the map coming from the station, rather than coming straight from the dormitory. Even though it’s a slight detour. I walk on at a steady pace, following along with the map.
Kaede: "Welcome. Please come inside."
Asuka: "Oh, thank you....Wow, a Japanese style room."
By the time I’ve made it safely to her house, Ms. Ohara is already there, like she told me she would be. Incidentally, Ms. Ohara seems to be living in a gorgeous detached house. Ms. Ohara tells me that when she started working at Teito Academy, her parents arranged this house for her. She says in a troubled tone that an apartment would have been fine. I would have expected no less from the ‘elite’ Ohara family (though I don’t know much about it). But more importantly, we need to talk.
Kaede: "Please sit down and make yourself comfortable. Oh, I’ll prepare some tea."
Hurry up, we need to talk. Ms. Ohara is moving busily around—
Asuka: "You’re wearing a tracksuit..."
Kaede: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Oh, well, I was just thinking to myself that you seem to wear tracksuits at home."
It’s a little unexpected, but it suits her well.
Asuka: (Tracksuits are comfortable, after all.)
Though she’s also wonderful in her white angel outfit, this girl-next-door style tracksuit suits her well too. Yes, somehow it makes her seem much more accessible.
Kaede: "Huh...? ...Oh!"
Despite this... Ms. Ohara seems completely shocked at my words. And then...
Kaede: "...!!!"
Her cheeks have turned bright red.
Kaede: "I’m sorry, this wasn’t my intention! This is not what I was supposed to wear! Wait a moment!"
She dashes out of the room. I hear some bustling noises from the adjacent room. And then she’s back—
Kaede: "...Ahem."
She’s now wearing her proper clothes like I’m used to seeing at school. I didn’t mind the tracksuit though.
Kaede: "Ahem-ahem... Hehe, please make yourself comfortable. Oh, I’ll prepare some tea."
Asuka: (She’s gone completely back to square one!)
Joyfully smiling, Ms. Ohara leaves the room at a quick pace.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara..."
Left on my own again, I’m muttering to myself.
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara... She’s kind of..."
I hesitate to finish my sentence.
Asuka: "She’s kind of funny—"
But I say it anyway.
Asuka: (B-but of course, I still respect her, and she’s still my role model and my goal!)
I vigorously shake my head. Something feels wrong about calling a person like her funny. Hmm...
Asuka: "...It’s her human side, yes, she’s got a human side to her..."
That’s my conclusion.
Kaede: "Who’s got a human side?"
Asuka: "Whah!"
Ms. Ohara is already back. She’s carrying a tray with teacups.
Asuka: "Oh! No, never mind, it’s nothing!"
Kaede: "Really? Okay then. I made green tea, is that okay? Or do you prefer black tea...?"
Asuka: "No, green tea is great. I love green tea!"
Kaede: "I’m glad to hear that. Hehe, I also prefer green tea over black tea or coffee."
She puts the tray down as she says this.
Kaede: "Be careful, it’s hot."
Asuka: "Okay..."
I calmly reach out to the teacup, gently pick it up, bring it to my lips and blow on the tea. I look at Ms. Ohara, and she seems to be doing the same thing.
Kaede: "Phuuhh... Phuuhh..."
Ms. Ohara’s lips are blowing on the tea to cool it down. My attention is caught by her lips. The same lips that kissed me. Those soft, sweet lips.
Asuka: "That kiss..."
Kaede: "—!"
Asuka: "Oh..."
Ms. Ohara’s shoulders suddenly jolt upwards at my unintentional muttering.
Kaede: "..."
Ms. Ohara looks at me.
Kaede: "Yes, that’s what we had to talk about, right?"
Asuka: "...Umm, right."
Ms. Ohara crying all by herself in the archive room during the school festival . And that kiss— just as I was about to leave the room.
Asuka: "What was the reason... behind that kiss?"
My heart is racing intensely inside my chest. I want to know the answer, but at the same time, I’m scared to hear it. Suddenly— I’m reminded of that starry sky. That starry sky above our heads, as Ms. Ohara kissed me on the forehead. I can’t see it right now because we’re inside the house, but above the roof...
Asuka: (—I’m reaching my hand out towards the stars—)
I’m reaching out... with my hand... towards a star called ‘Ms. Ohara’.
Kaede: "Well, you know... that was, because you were there for me."
Asuka: "Huh?"
Kaede: "—That’s probably why."
Ms. Ohara is looking at me as she speaks.
Kaede: "Miss Osachi..."
I can see an unusual color oscillating inside her eyes. I feel almost as if I could get sucked into them. Ms. Ohara is looking at me as she speaks.
Kaede: "Would you be my girl?"
Asuka: "Yes."
Asuka: (.........Huh?)
...??? What was that, just now?
Asuka: (—Huh?)
Kaede: "I’m so glad to hear that."
Ms. Ohara looks happy.
Asuka: "Oh, umm, but, to ‘be your girl,’ umm..."
Kaede: "...?"
Asuka: "Umm, do you mean as in... to be your girlfriend?"
Kaede: "Yes, of course... It’s a little embarrassing to have to say it twice, though..."
She’s blushing.
Asuka: (Oh, she’s so cute!)
But wait a second!
Asuka: "Wha—aaat—!!?"
I’m filled with surprise, and shock as well.
Kaede: "...You don’t want to?"
I’m genuinely happy A forbidden relationship!? (thump-thump)
Asuka: "N-no, I do! It’s just that I’m so amazingly happy!"
I’m responding on instinct. And I’m so full of joy.
Kaede: "Oh—"
Her eyes are widened with surprise. Because after all, how could I ever dislike being her girlfriend? She’s not only my role model and my goal, she’s really cute as well! And when she kissed me... It just felt so comfortable, and it made me feel so happy. I was reaching out towards the stars in the sky, which I had no hope of ever touching— But could it be... That a star has come falling into my hand of its own accord...?
Asuka: "Is that... what happened?"
Kaede: "What do you mean?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s nothing! I’m just happy!"
Kaede: "Hehe, me too."
What a beautiful smile. It’s almost making me melt just seeing it.
Asuka: (If I become Ms. Ohara’s girlfriend... That means I’ll be dating a teacher, as a student!)
Isn’t that...?
Asuka: (A forbidden relationship!?)
My heart is racing in my chest. Ms. Ohara’s request is sweet beyond comparison. Could it possibly be... poison?
Asuka: (But how could I ever refuse something this sweet?)
Asuka: "No, I do! I’m just so amazingly happy!"
Kaede: "I’m glad."
Ms. Ohara smiles at my words. Because, this means...! This means... this star in the sky called Ms. Ohara—
Asuka: (It’s fallen right into my hand!)
Asuka: "—So that’s why I’m now Ms. Ohara’s girlfriend."
I’m already back at the dorm. First of all, I reported what happened to Nao. I don’t want to keep any secrets from her. I don’t even think I could anyway. So that’s why I told her honestly.
Nao: "..."
Nao silently stares at me as I tell her the whole story. And after I’ve finished...
Nao: "(Sigh)..."
She drops her shoulders and heaves a heavy sigh.
Nao: "I thought it might turn out like this..."
Asuka: "You did?"
Nao: "...Well, kind of. Hmm..."
Sh-she’s still staring at me!
Asuka: "Are you against it, Nao?"
It’s a relationship between a student and a teacher after all. In other words, a forbidden relationship...
Nao: "(Sigh)... Even though I’m just your little sister, I’m also in love with you, you see! But I’m not against it."
Asuka: "...I-I see."
I don’t know how I’m supposed to respond to that.
Nao: "You’d probably better keep it a secret at school. Although, it’s not the same as if you were in high school... But still, you probably better not make it public."
Asuka: "Yes, you’re right."
I nod vigorously. Ms. Ohara and I have already agreed on this point.
Nao: "But still..."
Asuka: "...?"
Nao: "I’m impressed how a teacher can confess her feelings like that to a student... Tsk, I’m truly no match for her."
Asuka: "Did you click your tongue, just now!?"
Nao: "Ahaha, I was just kidding. But still, please be careful."
Asuka: "Yes, I’ll make sure not to expose the secret."
Nao: "That’s not what I mean—"
Asuka: "Huh?"
Nao: "You have to be careful for yourself, sis! Ms. Ohara is a little devil!"
Asuka: "What? Ms. Ohara a little devil?"
A ‘little devil’. That’s the exact opposite of an ‘angel’— Or no, maybe they’re actually quite similar. I don’t know why I think this—I just do.
====================scr00703.kgo====================
Kaede: "Today, we’ll be learning assisted bathing."
Ms. Ohara is explaining today’s training. When she’s teaching in front of the class like this, she really seems like the ‘perfect nurse ’, whichever way you look at her. Though... she’s now my girlfriend, isn’t she?
Asuka: (I feel as if I still can’t believe it somehow...)
But...
Kaede: "—?"
Ms. Ohara notices my gaze.
Asuka: "Oh..."
My eyes and hers... They meet for a moment. Even a little thing like that is making my heart feel all warm and fuzzy.
Kaede: "—Hehe."
Ms. Ohara chuckles. That was probably, even if only just a little bit, directed towards me. 
Asuka: (Wow—)
That way she just smiled at me, it was a little bit, just a tiny bit......The way she smiles at me when it’s just the two of us.
Asuka: (We really are a couple—)
I remind myself again that I’m Ms. Ohara’s girlfriend now.
Itsuki: "...Little Osachi."
Nao: "Yes?"
Itsuki: "What’s up with those two?"
Nao: "...It is as you can see."
Itsuki: "Well, I don’t mind that they seem to have something between them. But it’s a good thing that Sakuya isn’t at school today."
Nao: "That might be true. Do you think she would have started lecturing them?"
Itsuki: "Definitely. She’d probably say something like ‘How can you possibly be so lovey-dovey in the middle of class!?’ She might even say that right to Ms. Ohara."
 
Nao: "...I could see her doing that, yes."
Nao and Miss Itsuki are having this little conversation. Though I haven’t noticed at all. Yes, Miss Sakuya is absent from school. She left early yesterday, and is still absent today. I heard it had something to do with her mother’s worsening health.
Asuka: (...Hmm, maybe I should be a little more careful about how I act...)
I’ll try... to be more careful... (Though I don’t have much confidence in that regard.) Yes, but still... After all, we agreed to try our best to keep our relationship hidden at school. That’s what we agreed on, anyway. We’re student and teacher after all. Teacher and student. A forbidden relationship....But still— But still...
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara—"
During break times, for example.
Kaede: "Asu—Miss Osachi."
When we walk past each other in the hallway... Or when our eyes meet— My heart sings, and my feelings can’t be held in check.
Asuka: (Ms. Ohara—)
Kaede: (Asuka...)
Asuka: (Ms... Ohara—)
Kaede: (Asuka—)
When we’re looking in each other’s eyes like that, it’s as if the whole outer world disappears.
Asuka: (Ms...)
Kaede: (Asu...)
Asuka: (Ohara—)
Kaede: (ka—) It does feel a little messed up....Though I feel very sorry towards Miss Sakuya for thinking so, I really feel so lucky that she’s been absent so much lately. If she ever found out about this, she’d probably make me pay...
====================scr00704.kgo====================
After class. Because I failed a small test, I’m having to stay behind to retake it. Ms. Ohara is on the platform. We’re the only ones in the classroom. All my classmates have either gone home, or are doing voluntary practice in the training room. Ms. Ohara and I are the only ones in the room. It’s just us....Well, it’s not like I failed the test on purpose. I really didn’t.
Asuka: (Though it’s not a good thing that I failed it...)
Nao went home ahead of me. She told me she’d prepare dinner first. I’m looking at the test sheet with a serious expression.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Kaede: "No need to hurry, Miss Osachi. You can take your time."
Asuka: "—Okay."
I silently fill in the answers on the sheet.
Kaede: "~♪"
Quietly humming to herself, Ms. Ohara is slowly approaching me.
Asuka: (Keep focus, keep focus—)
I can’t allow myself to look in Ms. Ohara’s direction. I shouldn’t let my heart get carried away at a time like this. I’m at least smart enough to know that.
Kaede: "We’ve talked about all of these things during class, so you should be able to answer every question if you take your time and think carefully."
My gaze is focused on my test sheet. Ms. Ohara’s voice is coming from right next to me. I can almost feel it tickle my ear. The soft sound of her voice...
Asuka: (Keep focus, keep focus—)
Kaede: "You’re the type of girl who can succeed if you really want to. I’m well aware of that."
Asuka: (Keep focus, keep focus—!)
Ms. Ohara passes my seat and makes her way back to the teaching platform. Uhh, this feels like torture!
Kaede: "Ten more minutes."
I’m feeling desperate. In the meanwhile, Ms. Ohara seems to be enjoying herself for some reason.
Kaede: "Five more minutes."
She really seems to be enjoying herself.
Kaede: "Time is up—"
Asuka: "...! Phuaah...!"
I blow out the air from my lungs, almost as if I’d been under water holding my breath all this time.
Asuka: (I-I’m totally exhausted...)
Kaede: "Well then, please bring your test sheet to me."
Asuka: "Yes, Ms. Ohara..."
I stand up and walk to Ms. Ohara. I give her the sheet, and start to wonder what she’ll do next. She puts the sheet on the desk....And, still standing, she takes a red pen and starts grading my test.
Kaede: "Hmm—"
Since I’m standing right next to her, I’m feeling under quite a lot of pressure.
Asuka: "Uhhh..."
I’m so nervous that I can’t help fidgeting and looking nervously around. I look towards the window....Well, since this test is just a little check about the class content, it would be exceptional not to pass it. So I do think it’ll be okay, but still...
Asuka: (Isn’t she done yet?)
My sense of time has been compromised, so I have no idea how long I’ve been standing here already.
Kaede: "—There you go."
Ms. Ohara’s voice.
Kaede: "Good job, you passed."
Whoa!
Asuka: "I’m so relieved...!"
Though passing this little test isn’t supposed to be a big deal in the slightest, I feel so relieved.
Kaede: "Asuka?"
She’s calling me.
Asuka: "Oh, yes? ...Huh?"
I face Ms. Ohara, and only then realize that she called me by my first name.
Kaede: "—Hmm—"
Her lips... Ms. Ohara’s lips are touching mine. A kiss!
Kaede: "You did a really good job. A+."
At school... In the classroom... While anyone could come in at any time... —In the classroom.
Asuka: "A kiss—?"
I’m starting to feel dizzy. Her lips touched mine for only just a moment, but they tasted so sweet. So sweet—
Kaede: "Oh— We could be in trouble if anyone saw us like that."
She’s saying that......But I don’t really get the impression from her that she really means it. A ‘little devil’... I’m reminded of what Nao called her....Hmm, I wonder if it’s true. I don’t know.
Asuka: "Ms... Ohara—"
Kaede: "Hehe, since I’m calling you ‘Asuka’, you can call me ‘Kaede’ as well. Or Ms. Kaede."
Asuka: "K-Kaede—"
Kaede: "Yes, but it might not be a good idea to call me that in front of the others."
I-I-I really need to do my best with my studies!
====================scr00705.kgo====================
And life goes on like that. Me and Ms. Kaede... Yes......For example, when going home after classes.
Machi & Michi: "See you, Ms. Ohara!"
Kaede: "Yes, see you!"
Asuka: "See you tomorrow, Ms. Ohara—"
Kaede: "Yes, see you—"
The simple act of our eyes meeting is enough to make my heart leap in my chest.
Asuka: (Ms. Kaede—)
Kaede: (Asuka...)
This feeling...
Asuka: (Ms... Kaede—)
Kaede: (Asuka—)
When we’re looking in each other’s eyes like that, it’s as if the whole world outside disappears.
Asuka: (Ms...)
Kaede: (Asu...)
Asuka: (Kaede—)
Kaede: (ka—) ...Well, I guess I should feel guilty about this... (But I’m feeling happy.) Everything is going so well between us.
====================scr00706.kgo====================
Asuka: "—Oh, right."
It’s not unusual anymore for me to spend evenings at Ms. Kaede’s house. I almost feel as comfortable there as in my own dorm room.
Asuka: "That envelope... the one with the ‘letter of resignation’... Do you still have it?"
The envelope she was treating oh so preciously. She told me it could cause a big ruckus if she lost it, and that a person who was dear to her gave it to her in the past... The envelope she seems to be treating as some kind of charm.
Kaede: "Huh...?"
Ms. Kaede looks at me with a puzzled expression, as if she’s wondering why I’m bringing that up.
Asuka: "Oh, well, I was just curious..."
The first time I saw it was in the hallway at school. That time when I was feeling down, when I confessed to her that she was my ‘role model’. She had been acting a little strange, and then, the envelope came falling from her pocket. Thinking about it, that was the moment when we started getting closer.
Kaede: "Well, yes, I still have it."
Asuka: "I see—"
Kaede: "I never really told you the truth behind it, did I—?"
Ms. Kaede puts her hand into the inside pocket of her tracksuit top, and as she pulls it back out... She’s holding the envelope...! She really does have it with her all the time! The writing on the envelope reads: ‘Letter of Resignation’.
Asuka: "You didn’t write this yourself... right?"
Kaede: "That’s right, I didn’t."
Ms. Kaede nods as she stares at the envelope in her hands.
Kaede: "You told me— you don’t know why you wanted to become a nurse , didn’t you?"
Asuka: "Hm? Oh, yes."
I said so on the first day of school, when everyone in class introduced themselves. I didn’t have a clear idea about my goals. To be honest, it’s still very vague for me even now. But I do really feel the desire to become a good nurse .
Kaede: "I used to be the same."
Asuka: "What!? You too?"
Kaede: "As you know, everyone in my family has gone into the medical field. I didn’t have any option to choose anything else."
Kaede: "All my family members expected me to go in this direction, as if it was already predetermined. But I didn’t want to."
Asuka: "You didn’t want... to become a nurse ?"
Kaede: "No. I didn’t feel at all that I was suited to being a nurse ."
Asuka: "Are you serious!?"
I’m so surprised! I can’t even believe it!
Asuka: (...Oh, she did tell me that the way she presents herself in front of students is a mask she created herself...)
Kaede: "I’m telling you the truth."
She shows a slightly self-mocking smile.
Kaede: "When I was in high school, considering who my parents are, I didn’t think I could completely avoid the medical or nursing world..."
Kaede: "So shall I tell you what kind of job I had in mind for myself?"
Asuka: "S-sure."
Kaede: "I wanted to do a part-time job from home, putting medicine in packages."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Kaede: "It’s still somewhat related to medicine, and it would have been something I could have done at home without having to get involved with people."
Kaede: "I’ve always been bad at dealing with people. Even now, I really still think I’m not suited to be a nurse . I get nervous so easily and I’m really clumsy."
Asuka: "...Umm..."
Kaede: "You don’t believe me?"
Asuka: "...Not really."
Kaede: "Hehe... It’s because I’ve been keeping up appearances as a teacher. Excuse me for saying this... but students are about the only people I can deceive like that."
Kaede: "When I was working at the hospital, it didn’t work out like that at all."
Asuka: "At the hospital—"
The time when Ms. Kaede actually worked as a nurse .
Kaede: "I was already bad at dealing with people, but on top of that, being a daughter of the Ohara family gave everyone high expectations of me."
Kaede: "Well of course, also because my older sister was a nurse who had won the Nightingale Award , I proceeded to systematically disappoint all those expectations."
Asuka: "..."
I’m totally lost for words. I can’t help but merely listen.
Kaede: "I used to cry every day. I wasn’t brave enough to cry in front of people, so I would always hide myself and do it in secret."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Asuka: (The crying girl in the archive room...)
Kaede: "There wasn’t always necessarily an empty room available like the archive room at school, so every time I had to cry, I had to look for a place with no people around."
Kaede: "Thanks to that, I got pretty good at finding special spots where I could evade people’s eyes. I found that archive room as well, thanks to my extensive experience and practice."
Asuka: "I see..."
There’s a sense of pride in the way she says it. But, umm, isn’t that supposed to be a shameful ability to have, rather...?
Kaede: "And so, I spent so much time crying on my own. I’d do it in secret, hiding myself in hospital rooms that happened to be empty."
Ms. Kaede’s tone suddenly changes. I’m not sure how to explain it. It’s as if she’s talking to me, but at the same time seemingly talking to someone else.
Kaede: "And that’s when ‘she’ showed up. She opened the door without knocking."
There’s a wry smile on Ms. Kaede’s face, as if she’s savoring the memory. 
Kaede: "She was a colleague... a new nurse who entered the same year as I did. We hadn’t had any real conversations up until that point."
Kaede: "As she walked into the room and saw me crying, she asked me ‘Hey, are you crying?’"
"Are you crying?"
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, are you crying?"
Asuka: "Isn’t that—?"
Kaede: "It was the same thing you said when you saw me."
She smiles a little as she says this.
Kaede: "...Well, her tone was much more condescending and authoritarian than yours, though. I was mortified when she discovered me there."
 
Kaede: "I was really flustered and asked her not to tell anyone. She just said ‘Fine.’"
This girl which Ms. Kaede is talking about... I can tell from the way she’s speaking that this girl must have been a special person to her.
Kaede: "That was the moment when we started getting along. I could talk to her about anything."
Kaede: "Like how I didn’t feel suited to be a nurse , and how I felt like quitting... All those things about myself which I was never able to tell anyone else."
Kaede: "I could talk to her, just like I can talk to you, Asuka."
It’s really the other way around, surely. She’s not like me, I’m like her.
Kaede: "I was pathetic, always losing hope and crying like a baby. But she always cheered me up."
Asuka: "Umm, Ms. Kaede, could it be that this ‘girl’—?"
A part of me thinks that I’d better not ask about this, but still...
Kaede: "Yes, we were a couple."
I feel a painful throbbing inside my chest.
Kaede: "Hehe, but in the end she totally dumped me."
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Kaede: "She must have had enough of me. The day she couldn’t take my pessimism any longer, she suddenly called me the most horrible things and ridiculed me. And in the end..."
Kaede: "She told me, ‘If you’re really so desperate to give up being a nurse , why don’t you just do it? I know you don’t have the guts to quit yourself, so I wrote your letter of resignation for you!’"
Ms. Kaede waves the envelope with ‘Letter of Resignation’ written on it.
Asuka: "So that’s—"
Kaede: "Yes, she pretty much slapped the envelope into my hands. And that was the last I saw of her."
Kaede: "After that, she immediately quit her job at the hospital and went off someplace else, as if she wanted to set an example for me."
Ms. Kaede’s eyes return to the envelope.
Kaede: "So that’s how this envelope came into my possession. Isn’t it a sad story?"
Asuka: "U-umm..."
Kaede: "The reason why I became a teacher at Teito Academy is because I couldn’t stand staying at that hospital anymore either... the place where this happened."
Kaede: "But even so, I’ve been keeping this envelope as something of a protective charm. I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, or use it to quit my job."
 She actually quit her job at the hospital because of a broken heart—
Kaede: "That archive room..."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Kaede: "Even after coming to Teito Academy , I’ve been using that room to cry whenever I thought about her... Isn’t that pathetic?"
Asuka: "N-no, why would you say that...?"
Kaede: "And that’s when you showed up, Asuka. Almost completely in the same way as she did—"
The time Ms. Kaede was crying... It was because... she was thinking about her ex-girlfriend. What am I to her then?
Asuka: "So to you, do I... Do I fill the same role as this girl?"
I’m scared to ask this, but I ask it anyway.
Kaede: "No, you two aren’t alike at all. She was strong-willed, mature, and had excellent nursing skills."
Asuka: "Mature, with excellent nursing skills..."
Ouch.
Asuka: "Ahaha, I’m childish and an idiot after all, ahaha..."
This is depressing.
Kaede: "Oh, th-th-that’s not what I meant!"
Kaede: "I just wanted to express how you two are so different, that’s all! It’s just... when you appeared to me in the archive room, I felt a sense of destiny."
Asuka: "Destiny...?"
Kaede: "Yes, destiny. Is that no good...?"
I leave Ms. Kaede’s house and return to the dorm. There are still some people on the streets around the station, and some shops are still open.
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede’s ex-girlfriend—"
The girl who gave Ms. Kaede that envelope. The envelope which Ms. Kaede is still keeping even now as a protective charm. "She totally dumped me."
Asuka: "She said it like that, but..."
When Ms. Kaede was talking about her... It felt as if... she was talking about someone really precious to her. I can’t help but thinking to myself... Could it be, that Ms. Kaede still loves her ex-girlfriend—? It’s a silly thought.
Asuka: "Maybe she only gave up on her ex-girlfriend because she was so harshly dumped."
In that case...
Asuka: (...Mature girl, with excellent nursing skills...)
I don’t know your name. (Ms. Kaede didn’t tell me.) And I don’t know what you look like (though my intuition tells me that you must be beautiful.) I’m speaking to this girl inside my mind.
Asuka: (Thank you so much for dumping Ms. Kaede!)
It’s thanks to you that we’ve been able to become a couple. I silently express my sincere gratitude to her. ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ As I get back to my dorm room, I open the picture book, ‘The Girl who Chased Stars’. On the last page, in a scribble from when I was little, are written the words: ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’ I don’t remember writing those words. I wonder why my younger self wrote this. Why did I want to become a nurse? It was because of my curiosity for the answer to this question that I entered nursing school.
Asuka: "...I’m gonna be a nurse."
Why did I feel that way?
Nao: "Oh, sis, you’re looking at that picture book again."
Asuka: "Yeah, it’s been a while. It’s just—"
Nao: "It’s the starting point of your present self after all, right?"
Asuka: "My starting point, huh...?"
When I saw Ms. Kaede on that first day of school, I was surprised to find that ‘angels in white ’ really existed. It gave me the desire to become like that too.
Asuka: (To become like Ms. Kaede—; to emulate Ms. Kaede—; for Ms. Kaede’s sake—)
I wonder what my past self would say to me if I told her these are the new reasons why I want to become a nurse ....Would she be angry? Would she tell me it’s okay for me to feel like that? I wonder why my past self felt like becoming a nurse.
Nao: "I think it’s perfectly fine."
Asuka: "Huh, Nao?"
Nao just spoke to me as if she had been reading my mind.
Nao: "You’ve found your reason why you wanted to be a nurse , haven’t you? Even if it’s probably a different reason than the one you used to have."
Asuka: "Wow, right on the mark."
Nao: "So, do you feel as if... you managed to have a little conversation with your past self?"
Asuka: "I think my little sister has super powers!"
Nao: "Ahaha, only when it comes to you though— But I think it’s all worked out fine, don’t you?"
Nao repeats herself.
Asuka: "Hm, I guess so. But, still..."
Nao: "...?"
Asuka: "I wonder where my past desires for the future went off to..."
Nao: "Your past desires for the future—"
My pledge for the future which I sealed on the last page of this picture book...
Nao: "Hmm. I suppose everyone has something like that."
Nao mumbles. Her tone makes me feel as if she’s not only talking to me, but to herself as well.
Nao: "Like feeling trapped in your own memories of the past, for example."
Asuka: "Nao?"
Nao: "Or your unfulfilled wishes—"
Both her gaze and her voice seem almost transparent.
Asuka: "Y-you’ll always be my most precious little sister, Nao!"
Nao: "W-what are you talking about, sis?"
Nao’s eyes are wide in surprise as I suddenly make this proud declaration to her.
Asuka: "W-well, it’s just, I felt like I wanted to tell you that."
Nao: "Hehe, I see. Yes, I will also always be your miracle drug, and your sweet sister."
Asuka: "Hehe."
Nao: "Hehehe."
Asuka: "Hehehehe—"
It seems kind of as if we’ve turned into the stupid version of the Osachi sisters.
====================scr00707.kgo====================
It’s December now, and winter has begun. I’m studying at Ms. Kaede’s house.
Kaede: "You seem to be studying well lately. Your hospital training evaluations have been positive too."
Asuka: "Yes, I’m really doing my best."
I look up from my notes with a boastful expression. I’ve heard that falling in love generally lowers your grades, but... Well, in fact, that also almost happened to me....But my desire to become a nurse is very real too.
Asuka: (I have this feeling that if I don’t give it my all, my past self would get angry at me...)
I feel almost as if I’m being watched by her from inside the picture book.
Asuka: "Hehe, the power of love is strengthening my studying abilities."
Kaede: "Hehe. That sounds promising."
Well, it’s not like that’s the only reason why I’m doing my best.
Asuka: "...Well, you could say that I’ve got a tough rival to match up with..."
Ms. Kaede’s ex-lover. Ever since she told me about her last time, I’ve been asking about her as discreetly as I can. Frankly, it sounds like she was almost perfect: good looks, smart, and a great nurse. At this moment, it’s not like there’s any real meaning in competing against her...
Asuka: (But regardless, I can’t help feeling motivated by her.)
It’s surprising to find these kind of feelings inside myself, this strong desire not to be inferior.
Kaede: "Asuka?"
Asuka: "Oh, no, it’s nothing. Nothing at all!"
Kaede: "Really?"
Asuka: "Yeah. Umm, how about you, Ms. Kaede?"
Kaede: "Me?"
Asuka: "Yes, umm, about the power of love..."
Since she used to think she wanted to quit her job, and that she wasn’t suited to be a nurse... I wonder if our love has had some positive influence on that. I’d be happy if it did.
Kaede: "Hmm—"
Ms. Kaede seems to be thinking about it.
Kaede: "...It’s not like I don’t wish this for my other students, but this feeling inside of me of wanting to watch over you as you become a wonderful nurse has become very strong."
Kaede: "I don’t feel like quitting anymore."
Asuka: "Wow..."
Kaede: "And moreover—"
Ms. Kaede smiles at me bashfully.
Kaede: "Ever since I started dating you, I don’t cry anymore when I think about ‘her’. It must be the power of love."
I can barely restrain myself from shouting out in glee.
Asuka: "Oh, in that case..."
I feel like asking her why she still needs that envelope. Say it Don’t say it
Asuka: "What do you still need that envelope for then, Ms. Kaede...?"
I said it. Just like it’s nothing at all. I’m jealous. I don’t want her to go on caring about her ex-girlfriend. I want her to forget about her.
Kaede: "Huh?"
Ms. Kaede seems a little caught off-guard.
Kaede: "Hmm... You may be right that I don’t need it anymore."
She gives me a vague reply. This is feeling a little awkward. Feeling unable to keep on talking about the envelope, I—
Asuka: "O-oh, right, what shall we do for Christmas!?"
The words are almost rolling out of my mouth before I realize. But though they’re right on my lips, I swallow them back inside.
Asuka: (—No, no. It’s a fact that this is a precious memory to Ms. Kaede.)
Ms. Kaede is so precious to me, and since it’s a precious memory of hers, I have to respect that as well.
Asuka: (Yes... I don’t like it, but I have no choice.)
Since I stopped talking all of a sudden, Ms. Kaede looks at me with a puzzled expression.
Kaede: "‘In that case...’?"
Asuka: "In that case... Umm, we should do something special for Christmas! What do you think?"
I say this as I point at the calendar on the wall. What an awkward change of subject. Ms. Kaede looks at the calendar too. It’ll be the first Christmas we’ll spend together as a couple.
Kaede: "Hehe, let’s see—"
Ms. Kaede isn’t getting suspicious at my strange behavior, and appears to be thinking about Christmas.
Kaede: "We’ll have winter holidays, but we probably won’t be able to go anywhere too far away."
Asuka: "I’ll probably have a lot of homework, anyhow..."
Kaede: "Oh, but if I remember correctly, the area in front of the station will be decorated with pretty lights. That should be wonderful enough—"
Asuka: "Really?"
Kaede: "And also—"
And just as Ms. Kaede is saying this. Rumble, rumble. The sound of my stomach.
Kaede: "Oh my."
Asuka: "Ahaha, it looks like I’m a little hungry."
Kaede: "You’ll have dinner at the dorm, won’t you?"
Asuka: "...Yes, I agreed on that with Nao."
Nao has forgiven me for spending so much time at Ms. Kaede’s home. But in exchange for that, she gave me the condition that I need to have dinner with her at the dorm. She said: "That’s because for the time being, you’re still my older sister."
I wonder what she meant by "for the time being."
I wonder for how much longer. Until Ms. Kaede and I get married? Oh! (I’m blushing!)
Kaede: "You’re probably just lacking sugar, so how about I open up a pack of cookies?"
Asuka: "Oh, yay!"
Kaede: "Hehe, wait a moment."
Ms. Kaede stands up and leaves the room.
Asuka: "(Sigh)... I’ve gotten pretty used to spending time in this room—"
As I mutter this to myself,
Asuka: "—Hm?"
I notice something. There’s an envelope on the ground, which Ms. Kaede must have dropped as she stood up. ‘Letter of Resignation’. It’s the envelope that was given to her by her ex-girlfriend.
Asuka: "Though she says it’s like a good-luck charm to her, she does drop it pretty often..."
This is already the third time I’ve found myself picking it up.
Asuka: "There... we are."
I reach out and pick up the envelope. I never noticed it before, but the envelope isn’t sealed. It’s merely folded shut. Well, since it wasn’t actually mailed, I guess that’s not so odd.
Asuka: (This is the envelope which Ms. Kaede’s beloved gave to her.)
The envelope which is still so precious to her even now.
Asuka: (Even after being dumped so harshly...)
Asuka: "...Would it be wrong to look inside? Since it’s so precious to Ms. Kaede, I suppose I shouldn’t... But what if I take a peek anyway?"
Asuka: "No, I really shouldn’t! That would go against basic etiquette! Even after becoming this close to her, I still need to control myself here!"
Asuka: "It’s okay, I won’t look inside. I can actually behave properly about things like this—"
—Though I’m saying that, my fingers have already picked the letter out of the envelope.
Asuka: (I really have zero resistance against temptation!)
Asuka: "...Huh?"
This is kind of strange. The document I’ve taken out of the envelope is folded in three.
Asuka: "...???"
I unfold it. This is not a formal document, and not a letter of resignation!
Asuka: (What is this—?)
Instead of a letter of resignation... it appears to be a letter. Addressed to Ms. Kaede.
Asuka: (What is the meaning of this—?)
I open the letter, unable to resist the temptation to read it. ‘To my beloved Kaede,’
Asuka: "—!"
‘I’m not sure when you’ll be reading this letter.’ My hands are petrified, and I can’t pull my eyes away from the letter. ‘You might be reading this at a point in time when you’ve become an excellent nurse,’ ‘at a time when you don’t need a letter of resignation anymore, and you check the contents of the envelope, just in case, before throwing it away.’ ‘But if you’re reading this at a time when you truly want to quit being a nurse,’ I’ve read up to this point when I hear footsteps coming from the hallway. Ms. Kaede is on her way back!
Asuka: "—!"
I forcefully thrust the letter along with the envelope into my pocket. I can hear the paper crumpling. My heart is beating heavily in my chest. I can almost feel my own body temperature dropping a few degrees. The door slides open and Ms. Kaede enters the room.
Kaede: "Excuse me for having kept you waiting—"
Ms. Kaede looks at my face.
Kaede: "What’s the matter? Are you that hungry? You look as white as a sheet."
She chuckles as she says this. I’m walking back to the dorm, passing the station.
Asuka: "...I ended up taking it with me."
I pick the envelope and letter out of my pocket. I had thrust it inside pretty forcefully, so it’s a little crumpled....I wonder if she’ll be angry about it. I halt under one of the street lights in front of the station.
Asuka: "..."
I can’t help looking around to check if the coast is clear... I guess it’s due to my guilty conscience. 
Asuka: "...Hm."
I screw up my courage and open the letter. It’s written in beautiful handwriting. ‘To my beloved Kaede,’ ‘You might be reading this at a point in time when you’ve become an excellent nurse,’ ‘at a time when you don’t need a letter of resignation anymore, and you check the contents of the envelope, just in case, before throwing it away.’ ‘But if you’re reading this at a time when you truly want to quit being a nurse,’ ‘please calm down first, and read this letter to the end.’ I read this far at Ms. Kaede’s house. My eyes move to the next line. ‘I love you, Kaede, even now.’
Asuka: "—!"
I feel as if my heart has just been ripped out. ‘But, even though I really wanted to be of support to you,’ ‘if I stayed with you, I would instead just be making you more reliant on me, and I’d end up making you weaker.’ ‘And because I’m the way I am, and I love you so much, I just can’t help spoiling you.’ ‘I realized that was wrong.’ ‘I won’t be able to bring out the beautiful light which resides within you.’ ‘I’m sure you’ll become a wonderful nurse. I don’t want to stand in the way of that.’ ‘That’s why—I need to say such harsh things to you.’ ‘In order to make you hate me. And then, once you’ve grown to hate me,’ ‘you’ll be able to walk the path of nursing under your own power. That’s the reason why.’ ‘Once you’ve grown to hate me, and have forgotten about me, then I know you’ll become a wonderful nurse!’ ‘That is my wish.’ ‘...But you know, if you’re reading this letter, and you’ve truly lost all hope of making it as a nurse,’ ‘and if you’re still thinking about me,’ ‘then please come back and lean on me. Then please come back to me. Because...’ ‘I’ve always, always loved you so much. K.M.’
Asuka: "—"
I’ve read through the whole letter. The ‘K.M.’ written at the end of the letter— those must be the initials of Ms. Kaede’s ex-girlfriend. At the very bottom of the letter, she had carefully written her contact information. It must be the number of her cellphone...This number still leads to her. To ‘her’.
Asuka: "...What should I do now?"
I feel as if I’m holding a bomb in my hands which could explode at any moment.
Asuka: (If Ms. Kaede were to read this—)
Asuka: (If she were to read the contents of the envelope for any reason—)
Asuka: (Oh, no—)
I’m reminded of the conversation we had while we were eating cookies.
Asuka: "What if ‘she’ never hated you, then what would have happened...?"
Kaede: "I don’t think... I can answer that question."
She had said so with a troubled expression on her face. But I know. I know the answer. Even though it’s already been many years since she was dumped in that harsh way, she’s still been crying her heart out over her.  And this letter of resignation which her ex-girlfriend slapped into her hands... She’s been preciously holding on to it like a charm, and even now, it’s still special to her. I know the answer.
Asuka: "I don’t even... need to ask."
Seriously, what can I do? Though I’m saying this...
Asuka: "...I have no choice but to hold an emergency assembly..."
I also can’t possibly just sit back and give up.
Asuka: "I really need to hold an emergency assembly!"
I declare this to Nao at our dorm room.
Nao: "...An emergency... assembly?"
Asuka: "Tomorrow, please gather Miss Itsuki, Machi and Michi."
Nao: "Did something happen between you and Ms. Ohara?"
Nao is as amazingly sharp as ever. But...
Asuka: "I’ll tell you the details tomorrow. Stay tuned!"
Every time I’ll need to explain this... It’s probably going to cause considerable pain in my heart... So please allow me to do it tomorrow, to everyone all at once.
====================scr00708.kgo====================
Asuka: "...So, that’s the gist of the situation."
The following day. During lunch break, I’ve called Nao, Miss Itsuki, Machi and Michi - all the people who know about me and Ms. Kaede - to the roof, and explained to them the situation. Miss Sakuya is at home and taking a break from school. She’s apparently having a tough time.
Itsuki: "Hmm, okay. So, what do you want us to do about it?"
Machi & Michi: "Good question!"
Asuka: "...I’m a troubled maiden in need of advice."
Itsuki: "A troubled maiden, huh?"
A slight grin is playing on Miss Itsuki’s lips.
Asuka: "You have a problem with that?"
Nao: "Calm down, sis."
Nao is taking up the role of mediator.
Nao: "So, in summary— you are asking us what you should do in order to keep Ms. Ohara from going back to her ex-girlfriend, aren’t you?"
Asuka: "...Y-yeah."
Itsuki: "Isn’t that just a matter of making sure she never reads that letter? You should just throw it away or burn it."
Asuka: "No, I could never do that! I’m already at fault for having it in my possession in the first place!"
Although, like she says, it would be nice if I could just get rid of it, but...
Asuka: "If I did that, I think I’d feel unworthy as a human being for the rest of my life..."
Itsuki: "Isn’t it a little late to say that now? Since you already went ahead and stole that letter in the first place."
Asuka: "Oh, no, that was..."
Nao: "Well, you basically do go pretty easy on yourself, sis."
Asuka: "That’s such a harsh thing for you to say, Nao!"
Nao: "(Sigh)... Well, hearing this whole story while I’m so in love with you myself, I couldn’t suppress taking a stab like that."
Asuka: "Uhh... I’m sorry."
Nao: "But you know, I would hate it even more if you’d kept it all hidden from me. So it’s okay."
Asuka: "N-Nao..."
My eyes are becoming moist. I’m so much in her debt!
Itsuki: "Okay, thank you very much for the wonderful display of sisterly love. But let’s cut to the chase. Lunch break isn’t going to last forever."
Machi & Michi: "Good point!"
Itsuki: "But let me just confirm this."
Miss Itsuki is looking right at me.
Asuka: "W-what?"
Itsuki: "First of all, about this ex-girlfriend, this woman called K.M. or whatever. It sounds like, based on stats alone, you’d be soundly beaten, right?"
Asuka: "...Most likely so."
According to what Ms. Kaede has said.
Itsuki: "So, what are you better than her at? What have you got that this ex-girlfriend doesn’t?"
Asuka: "U-umm..."
Machi & Michi: "Maybe your love?"
Nao: "Hmm, but there’s no way to quantify something like that..."
Asuka: "Oh—"
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "I’m good at k—"
Kissing! I was about to say we have great compatibility when it comes to our lips and our bodies, but I hold my tongue. This is not the right place to say something like that.  My kisses with Ms. Kaede... This utter sweetness and mesmerizing sensation it gives me. If Ms. Kaede feels the same way...
Itsuki: "So anyway, if your stats just don’t match up..."
Itsuki: "You have to find another aspect in which you’re not inferior to this ex-girlfriend, and use that to your advantage."
Asuka: "...Right."
My body.
Asuka: (I have to use my body as a tool...! Though that might get a little bit...)
A little bit erotic.
Nao: "It might also be a good idea to find out about Ms. Ohara’s preferences."
Asuka: "Find out her preferences..."
Nao: "If I were in your shoes, I would target her weaknesses, and make sure she can’t fight back, but I suppose you wouldn’t want to do that."
Nao: "So you could take the approach of finding out what she really loves—"
Itsuki: "Hm, in order to optimize the impression you’re making on her, information is indispensable! It’s kind of like a game!"
Miss Itsuki seems to be enjoying herself. (And I’m kind of disturbed about what Nao just said.)
Asuka: (Information is indispensable to optimize my impression on her, huh...?)
She may actually be right.
Asuka: (Even if I did decide to use my body as a tool, there would still be many different methods to go about that—)
Many different methods. I can’t help imagining some things.
Asuka: "—!"
My cheeks are glowing bright red.
Machi & Michi: "She’s blushing!"
Nao: "Sis? What’s the matter?"
Asuka: "It’s nothing! Anyway—!"
The same day after classes—
Asuka: "I’ll be going ahead to your house then, Ms. Kaede."
Kaede: "Good. You can prepare or review some of the lessons while you’re waiting for me."
Asuka: "Yeah, I know."
Ms. Kaede hands me her key, and I leave the school building ahead of her. She told me she’d be a little later because of a staff meeting. "Information is indispensable."
Now is my chance to strike! (Mischievous grin.) So—
Asuka: "W-w-what is this...!?"
My cheeks are bright red. The reason why I’m blushing, is because of the ‘information’ I just found in Ms. Kaede’s room. I found a certain magazine. The magazine is called ‘Lifestyle Magazine for Adults’. Nothing out of the ordinary there. The point of attention is a title written on the cover page. The title of a special feature inside. ‘Special Feature: Kinky Techniques ☆☆☆’
Asuka: (These stars don’t belong here!)
As I’m slowly flipping through the pages of the magazine, another title jumps out at me. ‘Adding the Extraordinary to the Ordinary ♪ Hard & Deep Contact Recommendations ♪♪♪’
Asuka: (These ‘♪’ marks don’t fit here!)
And then, over the next few pages, there are model pictures, or pretty real looking illustrations, demonstrating all kinds of... uncommon methods of expressing love.
Asuka: "W-w-w-what is th-th-this...!?"
I stare blankly at the pages.
Asuka: "...W-well, the fact that Ms. Kaede has this magazine in her possession, might not necessarily mean that she bought it especially for these articles."
Asuka: "Possibly not... But on the other hand, it might also have been exactly the reason why she bought it. That might also be possible, so...!"
I continue reading as I keep providing excuses to an invisible someone, somewhere. It ends up taking me a little more than an hour to finish reading all the articles from the first to the last word. By the time I finish reading, I’m finding myself in a state of mental bewilderment.
Asuka: "Whoa..."
I can’t suppress a hot sigh. —When suddenly, from the entrance.
Kaede: "I’m home!"
Asuka: "Whaa!"
I jump upright. Flustered, I start hiding the magazine in between some clothes.
Asuka: (Oh no! That’s not right!)
I put it back in the closet where I found it. Humming a song, trying to look innocent, I wait for Ms. Kaede. She enters the room.
Kaede: "...What are you doing?"
Asuka: "Umm, oh, well, I just felt like humming..."
Kaede: "While looking at the closet?"
I find myself facing the closet, standing right in front of it, all while vigorously humming. It’s super suspicious.
Asuka: "W-well, I was just admiring... what a nice closet this is, ahaha!"
Kaede: "...Really? I think it’s pretty normal."
Asuka: "I guess so, yeah. Yeah, I guess it’s normal. Well, it is pretty normal."
Kaede: "...???"
There’s a puzzled expression on her face.
Kaede: "Asuka?"
She looks at me suspiciously... She’s so cute.
Asuka: (She’s so cute, but...)
Underneath that innocent, cute exterior...
Asuka: (She’s got such a fascination for kinky stuff...!)
This notion has already planted itself into my mind.
Asuka: "W-well, if it were with Ms. Kaede, i-it’s not like I would dislike that kind of thing...!"
Kaede: "Dislike what?"
Asuka: "I didn’t mean to say that out loud—! I-i-it’s nothing! Everything’s normal! Nothing out of the ordinary!"
Kaede: "...O-okay."
Asuka: (Whaa, she’s looking at me like she thinks I’ve gone nuts!)
...So...
Asuka: "Umm, in a case like this, a patient who just entered the hospital..."
I’m reviewing today’s classes while Ms. Kaede is watching me. Fidget, fidget. Fidget, fidget. Fidget, fidget.
Asuka: (Kinky... hard and deep contact...)
My heart is racing in my chest. All good and well, but when can I make my move to put this into practice—?
Kaede: "Why don’t you take a little break?"
Ms. Kaede speaks.
Kaede: "Oh, right. I bought some grapes, so let me get them."
Asuka: "S-sure. Yay!"
Kaede: "Hehe. Okay, wait a moment."
She stands up and leaves the room. Grapes. Fruits. This...!
Asuka: "...This might be an opportunity!"
So...
Kaede: "They were cheap at the supermarket in front of the station. I got one pack—"
Ms. Kaede smiles joyfully as she puts the plate on the table.
Kaede: "Help yourself!"
Asuka: "U-ummm!"
I’ve already finished running a simulation in my mind. All that’s left is putting it into action...! Hard... deep... contact...!
Asuka: "...I would... kind of... like you to feed them to me, Ms. Kaede. Ehehe."
Kaede: "Huh...?"
Asuka: "Y-you don’t want to?"
Kaede: "Hmm... Hehe, alright, I’ll do it."
Ms. Kaede laughs at me with a kind of expression that seems to say "I guess I have no choice."
Asuka: (My heart is beating so fast...)
Kaede: "Here I go. Say aah—"
Ms. Kaede picks one grape and reaches towards my mouth.
Asuka: (There it is...! This is the moment!!!)
I actually feel pretty enthusiastic about this.
Asuka: "—!"
Time to strike!
Kaede: "!?"
I forcefully grab Ms. Kaede’s hand, and... (I can do this! Atta—-ack!)
Asuka: "Omm!"
I put Ms. Kaede’s fingers into my mouth. I have my lips around Ms. Kaede’s fingers as well as the grape. Ms. Kaede’s eyes are wide with amazement.  I can taste the sour-sweetness of the grape along with Ms. Kaede’s fingers.
Kaede: "H-hey, Asuka...?"
Asuka: "...H-hmm...mm... (I’m licking her finger.)"
It was written in one of the articles. ‘Unexpected Finger-Licking Play’!! This is kinky! Yes, quite kinky! ...But in fact, it’s pretty embarrassing too!
Asuka: "Hmm...m-mm..."
I’m licking Ms. Kaede’s fingers. I’m licking the smooth skin of her fingers. I lick around her well-shaped finger nails, and let my tongue slide in between her fingers. This is pretty erotic!
Asuka: (In fact, actually—)
Though I’m merely licking her fingers, I’m starting to feel light-headed. Ms. Kaede’s fingers and my tongue...
Asuka: (We really do have great compatibility when it comes to touch—)
A special sensation runs up my spine.
Kaede: "...Asuka—..."
I’ve been completely focused on her fingers, so hearing her voice makes me look up at her face. I wonder if Ms. Kaede is feeling aroused too.
Kaede: "...Umm."
Asuka: (She’s totally put off by this—!!!)
Oh no!
Asuka: "U-ummm!"
Flustered, I withdraw my mouth from her fingers.
Kaede: "Umm..."
Asuka: "O-oh... U-umm...!"
Kaede: "What’s the matter, Asuka?"
Asuka: "I-i-it’s nothing, nothing at all! Wha-aaah!!!"
I dash out of Ms. Kaede’s house. My exciting kinky strategy was a failure! ...The next day, I’ve figured out that Ms. Kaede must not have bought that magazine for the featured articles, and that she probably hasn’t even read them. This is so embarrassing. But even so, I cannot possibly give up that easily!
Itsuki: "Well, I do think you’re heading in the right direction."
Miss Itsuki speaks.
Itsuki: "At any rate, you’ll have to touch her in her heart’s blind spot, and to keep a firm hold of that."
Asuka: "Her ‘heart’s blind spot’...?"
Itsuki: "Hm... well, for example..."
Kaede: "...So, who can answer this question—"
Asuka: "Yes! I can!"
I vigorously raise my hand.
Kaede: "Very well, Miss Osachi?"
Ms. Kaede points at me, and I vigorously stand up.
Asuka: "Yes! —Ms. Ohara, you are very cute!"
Kaede: "!?!?"
This has to be the most extreme timing, to strike at the blind spot of her heart. Ms. Kaede’s eyes are wide with surprise....Wow, it’s causing quite a commotion throughout the classroom. I-is this a success!?
Kaede: "...Miss Osachi, we’re in the middle of class now."
She’s scolding me in a grave tone... Oops. And after that, I still go on with my challenge of catching Ms. Kaede in my snare. It hasn’t been going anywhere though. I feel as I’ve been gradually turning myself into some sort of weirdo... That’s why— That’s why I decide to resort to my final plan.
Asuka: (Since things have come to this, I have no choice but to go all the way! I have to create ‘irreversible circumstances’.)
I am determined. I don’t have a choice but to do this! At any rate, it’s going to be necessary to engage her in private. So, as usual, I will carry out my plan at Ms. Kaede’s home. Irreversible circumstances, in other words, making it impossible for us to become separated again. In concrete terms... well, that’s still a secret. And the first step to take, in order to accomplish this... 
Kaede: "So, for today’s study..."
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede!"
I call out to Ms. Kaede, interrupting her words. She looks at me.
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede..."
I’m staring right at her. My chest is starting to feel warm, and I feel as if I’m losing grip of my sense of time. A sweet sensation is filling my whole body. As this feeling is taking hold of me, I feel as if I’m inside a magical time bubble of bliss—
Asuka: "Ms... Kaede—..."
Kaede: "Asuka?"
Ms. Kaede is looking at me with cool eyes.
Asuka: (H-huh?)
Kaede: "I’ve been thinking we really need to have a little talk... Recently..."
Asuka: (Huh—!?)
Ms. Kaede doesn’t seem charmed in the slightest. On the contrary, she’s looking bothered, and maybe even a little angry. 
Kaede: "Recently, your behavior... hasn’t been good."
‘Hasn’t been good’ ‘Bad’ ‘Awful’ ‘Disgusting’ ‘Human refuse’ This is the inevitable flow, until she’ll tell me... "Maybe I should regard you as trash from now on."
Bam!
Asuka: "O-oh..., o-oh..."
I’m trembling in shame. I’m in the clutches of despair. Ms. Kaede’s voice is ringing loudly inside my head.
Asuka: "I’m sorry....I’ll go home."
My voice sounds as if my soul has been ripped out of my body, and I stiffly make my way out, almost like a robot.
Kaede: "H-hey, Asuka!?"
I hear Ms. Kaede’s voice from behind me, but I don’t respond. I leave Ms. Kaede’s house. I’m walking under the twilight sky. The vermilion sunset pierces my heart. 
Asuka: "Uhh..."
I look up at the sky.
Asuka: "Whaaa—aaaaaahh!"
I cry out as I run.
Sakuya: "—Asuka?"
Huh!? I’m in sheer shock at running into her. I’m stunned with surprise!
Asuka: "Whaa—! Miss Sakuya!?"
...Passing the station, I come across Miss Sakuya. She’s hardly come to school at all since she went back home, so it’s been a while since I’ve seen her. There are even rumors that she might repeat the year.
Sakuya: "Don’t scream like that. It sounds like you just saw a monster. How rude of you."
Asuka: "Uh... S-sorry."
Sakuya: "Well, it’s true that it’s been a while... I didn’t expect to meet you here though."
Asuka: "Y-yeah. Have you been at the dorm...?"
Sakuya: "Yes, I’ve just come from there. In order to send some things home, you see."
Asuka: "I see... So, you’re not coming back to school yet, then...?"
Sakuya: "—"
Miss Sakuya doesn’t give any reply.
Sakuya: "Why don’t we sit down, Asuka?"
Miss Sakuya points at a nearby bench.
Asuka: "Huh?"
I feel puzzled.
Asuka: "Umm, but... aren’t you busy?"
Sakuya: "Don’t be foolish. It’s been so long since I’ve seen you, and you just came running at me with tears in your eyes."
Sakuya: "I can’t just leave you be like that... We’re friends, after all."
Asuka: (Friends...)
What is this feeling? Hearing Miss Sakuya use this word... It’s sweet of her, but still— it somehow feels painful inside my heart.
Asuka: "...Okay, thank you."
We sit down next to each other on the bench. I tell her the whole story. I leave nothing out.
Sakuya: "I see..."
Asuka: (I had felt quite some resistance to explaining the whole situation even to Nao...)
So I’m finding it a bit strange how I’m able to talk about this whole thing to Miss Sakuya. Even though she is the one most likely person to get the most angry about this.
Asuka: (I guess she’ll get angry... Yeah, definitely. She’ll ask me where I got the nerve to do any of this, being a student and all.)
Sakuya: "I see, I understand why you were crying now."
Miss Sakuya speaks to me with a calm look on her face. She looks as if she’s thinking about it a little.
Asuka: "...Huh?"
Sakuya: "...? What?"
Asuka: "Aren’t you going to get angry at me?"
Sakuya: "Get angry?"
Asuka: "Well, I thought you’d say something like, ‘What on earth were you thinking!?’, or something like that."
Sakuya: "Oh, I see."
Miss Sakuya lightly smiles at me.
Sakuya: "Even if I said that, you can’t help it, right? —Who can control love?"
Whoa, such a mature attitude!
Sakuya: "If people could control their hearts even if they knew in their heads that they shouldn’t do something... no one would ever have any worries."
Asuka: "Wow, you sound like a love expert."
Sakuya: "Not at all. Everyone would be a love expert compared to you, that’s all."
Asuka: "...Ugh..."
It seems like Miss Sakuya still hasn’t lost her sting.
Sakuya: "Well... just do your best. That’s all I can say, really."
Asuka: "...I guess so. Thanks."
Miss Sakuya stands up from the bench.
Sakuya: "Oh, right. There’s something I had to tell you too."
Asuka: "Hm? Okay."
Sakuya: "I think I’ll be repeating the year. I guess I’ll be running one year behind you all when it comes to school stuff, and graduation."
Asuka: "Oh no, are you serious...?"
I knew a rumor like that had been going around school. But I thought it was merely a rumor.
Sakuya: "I am."
Asuka: "That’s so unfair!"
Sakuya: "I just made this decision because I thought it was the best option. Why would you be shocked about it?"
Asuka: "Well, because—"
Asuka: (I wanted to continue studying and growing alongside Miss Sakuya, and I wanted us to become nurses together...)
That’s what I had always hoped for.
Sakuya: "I guess you can’t help love troubles... but really, get a hold of yourself."
Asuka: "..."
Sakuya: "If it were ever to happen that you have to repeat the year as well, and are in the same class as me next year—"
"You’ll be sorry,"
her face seems to say.
Sakuya: "I will be your personal bully."
Asuka: "Bully? You shouldn’t bully me!"
Sakuya: "Hehe, if you don’t want that, just do your best, so it never has to happen. Well then, I’ll be going."
I watch as Miss Sakuya walks off.
Sakuya: "Oh, right. One more thing."
She stops walking and turns back to face me.
Asuka: "...? O-okay?"
Sakuya: "Listening to your story, I feel as if the problem lies with you, Asuka."
Asuka: "With me?"
Sakuya: "Yes— I wonder if you really love Ms. Kaede."
Asuka: (...Huh?)
Sakuya: "I feel as if it might not be the case... Anyway, see you."
And with that, Miss Sakuya disappears into the crowd around the station.
Asuka: "...Huh?"
I can’t move a single muscle. What does it mean to ‘love’ someone?
Asuka: "...What does that mean?"
Asuka: (I don’t know!)
Asuka: (’Cause after all, I’ve already kissed Ms. Kaede, and I’m her girlfriend.)
Asuka: (I’ve visited her house so many times.)
Asuka: (It’s fun to spend time with her, and it makes me feel happy.)
What does it mean to ‘love’ someone?
Asuka: "...What does it mean?"
Asuka: (I don’t know!)
Asuka: (I wonder why Miss Sakuya said something like that. Was she just messing with me?)
Asuka: (How could she suggest such a thing, that I don’t love Ms. Kaede?)
Asuka: (Why?)
Asuka: (But I do love her! —I do love her... don’t I?)
Asuka: "...Because..."
What does it mean to ‘love’ someone?
Asuka: (I don’t know!)
Asuka: (I’ve never even thought about that.)
Asuka: (Might it be—)
Asuka: "...That everyone else knows?"
Nao: "Oh, sis, welcome home!"
Nao greets me as I return home. She’s reviewing today’s or preparing for tomorrow’s lessons at her desk. As she looks up from her papers, she looks at me with a puzzled expression.
Nao: "What’s the matter, sis?"
What does it mean to ‘love’ someone?
Asuka: "—Hey, Nao..."
Nao: "Hm?"
Asuka: "Do you know what it means to ‘love’ someone?"
Nao: "To love someone?"
Asuka: "Yeah, because I wonder if I really ‘love’ Ms. Ohara or not."
It’s fun to spend time together, and it makes me feel happy. It feels nice when we touch. It makes me feel so blissful— But even so...
Nao: "Did someone say something to you?"
Nao is as sharp as ever.
Asuka: "—Yeah."
I nod.
Nao: "I see. Well, I had been thinking the same thing."
Is she kidding me? She sounds serious though.
Asuka: "Huh—?"
Asuka: (Nao was thinking the same thing...?)
I cannot believe my ears. I had expected Nao to support me in this. But she isn’t.
Nao: "I thought you had realized it as well."
Asuka: "Huh—?"
I’m standing there like a fool, unable to utter anything but "huh."
Nao: "...Because, whenever you talk about Ms. Ohara, you’re always talking about how nice or how fun it is, or how happy you are, but I’ve never heard you say that you ‘love’ her."
Nao: "I’ve heard you say she’s cute, but thinking someone’s cute is still different from loving someone."
For a moment, I have no idea what Nao is trying to say.
Asuka: "Huh—?"
I never said it myself that I ‘love’ her?
Asuka: "Hm? Oh really?"
I don’t know. I can’t remember everything which has happened up until now so readily.
Nao: "..."
Nao is looking at me silently.
Asuka: "Well, umm, now you say it, I also feel like... I haven’t mentioned that. B-but, that’s because that’s such an embarrassing thing to say!"
Nao: "—I’ve been thinking that you don’t really love her, and that it would only be a matter of time before you’d come back to me."
Nao: "That’s also why I didn’t have any objections when you started dating her."
Nao is smiling brightly. Her words, on the other hand, are razor sharp. This is scary.
Asuka: "...Uhh."
I feel like arguing my case, but I can’t manage any reply.
Nao: "You can always come back to me, sis. You’re always welcome here with me, you know?"
She’s smiling brightly. But—
Asuka: (Is she really being serious?)
Asuka: (I really wonder.)
Asuka: (I don’t know. Have I always been such an idiot?)
Asuka: (...I guess I have.)
Asuka: "Nao..."
Nao: "Yes, sis?"
Asuka: "...What does it mean to ‘love’ someone?"
We’ve come full circle now, and I’m back to my first question. I’m such an idiot.
Nao: "I know what it means—"
Nao’s face and voice seem almost like it’s hard to tell whether she’s laughing or crying.
Nao: "But I’m not going to tell you."
I’m not feeling sleepy at all after going to bed.
Asuka: "—I can’t sleep."
I’m tossing and turning in my bed.
Asuka: (I wonder what the time is now.)
I’m pretty sure it must be past midnight already. There’s school tomorrow, too, so I really need to sleep. The room feels so dark around me.
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede—"
I really wonder if I love her or if I don’t.
Asuka: (She’s always been my role model.)
Asuka: (And not only that, I’ve also seen another side to her, a side that I’ve found adorable.)
Asuka: (It feels so nice when we kiss.)
Asuka: (I was so happy when we started dating, and we’ve had so much fun.)
Asuka: (And then that resignation letter, or rather, that letter from her ex-girlfriend.)
Asuka: (I’ve been feeling so worried she might return to this girl if she read it.)
Isn’t all that ‘love’?
Asuka: "I don’t know!"
If that isn’t love...
Asuka: "Then what is love, really?"
Though I do realize this much.
Asuka: (Like Nao said, it’s true that I’ve never said that I "love"
Ms. Kaede.) That’s probably the answer.
====================scr00709.kgo====================
And— It’s finally Christmas Eve.
Asuka: "Alright."
The winter holiday has already started. Today, Ms. Kaede and I are having a date. She’s been busy with the mid-term exams, so I haven’t spent any time with her for a while....But in fact, I’ve been running away from her a little. Since that day, I’ve been somewhat withdrawn from her.
Nao: "Sis!"
Nao has opened the window and calls out to me from inside the room.
Nao: "Good luck!"
Asuka: "Nao— Thanks!"
I’ve brought the envelope with me in my bag. The letter of resignation, or rather, the letter from Ms. Kaede’s ex-girlfriend. The love letter containing her feelings for Ms. Kaede. It shouldn’t have been in my possession in the first place. Whatever the outcome... I don’t have the right to have this envelope in my possession.
Asuka: (I’m saying "whatever the outcome,"
but I have a pretty good idea of what the outcome is going to be, if I hand her back the letter.)
Asuka: "Well, see you later!"
I wave at Nao and take off.
Asuka: "I’m meeting Ms. Kaede in front of the station—"
Kaede: "Asuka!"
Ms. Kaede has already arrived. It hasn’t been that long since I last saw her, but it does feel that way. Ms. Kaede flashes me her angelic smile.
Asuka: "Oh, have you been waiting for a long time?"
Kaede: "No, I just arrived....Hehe, what a clichéd sort of way to start a date."
Asuka: "—"
Looking at Ms. Kaede’s smile up close... It’s almost enough to break my will. I’d taken so long to work up the courage, and just like that, it’s almost gone....And I was so ready to do the right thing.
Asuka: (I really do need to give back the letter.)
To its rightful owner. To Ms. Kaede.
Asuka: (If I do return it, Ms. Kaede will probably go back to ‘her’.)
I thought I had already accepted that fate.
Asuka: "...Oh..."
I can’t utter a single word.
Kaede: "What’s the matter, Asuka?"
Asuka: "...Oh, no, it’s nothing..."
My voice sounds a little nasal.
Asuka: (When should I give it back? When should I give it to her? Maybe sooner rather than later? But, once I’ve done it...)
It will mean the end of our relationship.
Asuka: (I-I guess it would be alright at the end of the date... Yes.)
I’m not an angel, after all.
Kaede: "Well, why don’t we go then? For today, let’s not talk about school, okay?"
Asuka: "Yay!"
Hm, I managed to smile pretty naturally... I think.
Kaede: "It’s been a long time since I’ve been to karaoke."
Asuka: "Oh really?"
Having gone for a stroll around the central area, we enter the karaoke building.
Kaede: "Do you often come here then?"
Asuka: "...Well... We do sometimes come here as a group to celebrate after a test, or something like that."
Kaede: "Hm, I suppose that’s typical for youngsters."
Asuka: "You don’t often go to karaoke then?"
Kaede: "Well, I don’t often get the chance."
Asuka: "The chance?"
Kaede: "Well, I’ve been spending most of my weekends and holidays at home..."
Asuka: "...Of course."
I was aware of that. Whenever I’ve been seeing Ms. Kaede on days off, we’ve just been staying at home. And when we do go out of the house, it’s usually just to have some food somewhere. Since I was simply happy to be able to spend time with Ms. Kaede, I never really minded.
Asuka: (So, this is actually the first time that we’re really going on a proper date...)
Asuka: "Why don’t you sing something, Ms. Kaede?"
Kaede: "Oh, umm, I don’t really know how it works..."
Asuka: "Well, because it’s been so long for you, you should sing the first song. You can take your time to select a song you like. I’ll go get some drinks."
Having said that, I stand up.
Kaede: "Oh, I’m sorry to make you do that."
Asuka: "Don’t worry, I’m used to it!"
Smiling brightly, I leave the room. I enter the hallway, and lightly lean on the closed door behind my back.
Asuka: "...What should I do? I feel like crying."
As I come back into the room with the drinks, Ms. Kaede has just finished entering a song.
Asuka: "There you go."
Kaede: "Thank you. It’s an old song, so please don’t laugh at me."
Asuka: "I won’t. I will listen to you with total earnestness."

Kaede: "D-don’t take it too seriously either >_< !"
As she’s still saying this, the intro starts playing. Ms. Kaede takes the microphone and stands up.
Asuka: (Oh—)
Kaede: (Ahem, ahem—)
Asuka: (I know this song.)
I remember hearing this song a long time ago, about the time when I was in elementary school or junior high school. It used to be extremely popular. It’s a sweet love song—
Kaede: "— ♪"
Though it’s been such a long time since she’s sung karaoke, she still seems to remember all the lyrics, since she’s singing with her eyes closed.
Asuka: "..."
So I can stare at Ms. Kaede’s face as she sings.
Asuka: "—"
Asuka: (I do love Ms. Kaede—)
This thought gently bubbles up into my mind. As I’m looking at Ms. Kaede’s singing face....Oh, and I had just made up my mind to return the letter to her!
Asuka: (...Uh, oh no, I’m going to cry... I don’t think I can hold my tears back!)
Kaede: "Oh, Asuka? What’s the matter?"
Ms. Kaede has stopped singing and is looking at me. I shake my head in an expression between laughing and crying.
Asuka: "I’m okay, it’s nothing!"
Asuka: "But—"
Asuka: "It’s just that your song really touched my heart, and I was moved. Ehehe..."
I’ve been wondering this whole time about the meaning of ‘love’. And this never even crossed my mind.
Asuka: (Nao, I know what it means to love someone now— Tears are the answer, aren’t they?)
This irresistible feeling of your heart being squeezed as you merely look at someone. It’s not as simple as just getting along or having fun with someone. But when you can cry by just thinking about someone, that’s what love is...
Asuka: (Ohh, but why did I have to find this out today, just when I’ve decided it will be our last day together—?)
Or maybe it’s exactly because of that. After singing karaoke, we take the train to visit a nearby town, have some food together and do some window shopping. As if it all happened in an instant, it’s already night time. We take the train again to come back home.
Asuka: "(Sigh)... I had a lot of fun, Ms. Kaede. I can’t believe it’s already this late."
Kaede: "Yes, time flies when you’re enjoying yourself."
Asuka: "Well, I guess this is about the time... when we say goodbye again—"
As I’m saying this, Ms. Kaede interjects.
Kaede: "Oh, wait. Before that..."
Asuka: "Hm?"
Kaede: "I forgot something important. I brought you a Christmas present."
Ms. Kaede reaches inside her bag as she says this. A Christmas present... Well, me too—. I also brought something for her in my bag... I was planning to give it to her at the end of the date.
Asuka: "Wait a moment, Ms. Kaede!"
Flustered, I stop her.
Kaede: "...?"
Asuka: (...If I accept something like that—)
I’ll be so happy, I’ll lose my nerve.
Kaede: "What is it, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Oh, well— Umm, it’s just, I also brought you something, and I wanted to give it to you first."
I take my bag in my hands. I open the zipper and put my hand inside. I immediately feel the envelope, and hold it between my fingers.
Asuka: "I think you’ll be surprised, since it’s an amazing present—"
This is how it has to happen.
Asuka: (Go on, give it to her!)
Kaede: "Hehe, really? I really wonder what it could be!"
Her angelic smile... Give it Don’t give it
Asuka: (Goodbye, dear angel!)
Asuka: "Okay, this is for you!"
I pull the envelope out of my bag and thrust it out at Ms. Kaede.
Kaede: "Huh—?"
Ms. Kaede’s eyes are wide in surprise. She’s just staring at the envelope. She isn’t taking it from me.
Asuka: "It’s yours! It’s... the envelope which has been so precious to you!"
I’m almost pushing it into her hands.
Kaede: "Asuka, I don’t understand..."
Asuka: "I’m so sorry! I couldn’t help taking it with me! And I saw what’s inside too!"
 
Kaede: "—!"
Ms. Kaede gasps softly.
Asuka: "There was never any resignation letter in there. It’s actually a letter from your ex-girlfriend. The one who dumped you."
Asuka: "She wrote that she always loved you. You weren’t really dumped. She just did it all for your sake— because she loved you!"
Kaede: "W-what are you talking about, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Just look inside the envelope! Go on!"
Urged on by my seemingly angry tone, Ms. Kaede takes the letter out of the envelope.
Kaede: "It’s not... a letter of resignation?"
She mutters as she unfolds the letter. Ms. Kaede’s eyes are wide with shock as she looks down at it.
Kaede: "This—"
Asuka: "...Uh."
I feel a stabbing pain in my heart. Because I can’t bear looking at her any longer, I turn away from her.
Asuka: (Aren’t you happy now, Ms. Kaede? Aren’t you happy now, Ms. Kaede? Aren’t you happy now, Ms. Kaede?)
Inside my mind, again and again, I practice the words I’ll say to her when she’s finished reading.
Kaede: "No..."
I can hear Ms. Kaede muttering to herself.
Kaede: "How...?"
She mutters...
Kaede: "Why...?"
She continues muttering. And then, finally...
Kaede: "...This is stupid...!"
She says this in a quiet but strong voice. And then— she starts crying. As I hear her crying behind my back, I cry too. My hands, however, are squeezed into fists. And as a way to put an end to things, I speak the words I have practiced saying.
Asuka: (A tearful voice will have to do.)
Feeling anxious about that, I gather my determination and speak.
Asuka: "Aren’t you happy now, Ms. Kaede?"
I’m still half crying as I say it, but I think my words were comprehensible.
Asuka: (I love you, Ms. Kaede! I love you so much! I finally realized how much I love you! And now I know...)
I know how loving someone... It can be so painful. So sweet, and yet so painful... And how it can also confer great strength.
Asuka: (That’s why...)
Asuka: "I hope you’ll be happy!"
Saying this, I sprint away from her, from the person I love so dearly—
Kaede: "Asuka!? Asuka! Wait!"
I can hear Ms. Kaede’s voice behind me, but... I keep on running, without any pause. Every breath of the cold, winter air pricks my lungs. The sky is filled with stars. —The stars are gorgeous tonight.
====================scr00710.kgo====================
I heard from Ms. Kaede later on what she did after that. She went home, read the letter once more, and cried again. Then, she checked the phone number at the bottom of the letter. She told me she hesitated, but called the number.
Kaede: "Oh, hello, excuse me for calling so late at night— Huh? Well, yes, this is Kaede. What? You recognized me from the first word I spoke? Yes, yes, how about you—?"
She told me she cried again on the phone.
Kaede: "Yes, I am. How about you? Where are you now—? Huh? That’s where you are? I see—"
‘She’ had often spent time abroad... But Ms. Kaede found out that she was living nearby right now. They agreed to finally meet each other again, after all that time, five days later, on New Year’s Eve—
Kaede: "Yes, see you then... Hehe, I’m looking forward to it very much!"
I spent New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day with Nao. It’s not that it wasn’t fun, but... It was around the end of the winter vacation that I was summoned to school by Ms. Kaede. The day before the first day back at school. I’m heading to school— or rather, to the archive room.
Asuka: "(Sigh)... My heart feels so heavy."
I feel as if I’ve been condemned to death....So I ended up coming in my training uniform. (As a kind of formal dress appropriate for an execution.)
Asuka: (Why did she have to choose the place where we had our first kiss? How cruel.)
I bitterly think this to myself.
Kaede: "Asuka..."
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede—"
As I enter the archive room, I see that Ms. Kaede has already arrived. She’s wearing her white uniform. W-would it be for the same reason I’m wearing mine? (Probably not.) She’s looking somewhat happy. What a contrast with me. She feels so far away.
Kaede: "I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch more."
Asuka: "...That’s alright."
Kaede: "I had to go back to my parents’ home for the New Year’s period, and I was pretty busy with all kinds of things."
Asuka: "Oh, right, I see."
Since she’s the daughter of the elite Ohara family, I’m sure there are all sorts of hardships she has to endure. But I don’t really feel like hearing about those kind of things right now.
Asuka: (I don’t really care about Ms. Kaede’s family right now.)
Asuka: (They’re probably all snooty snobs, anyway!)
Asuka: (And after all, it doesn’t have anything to do with me anymore!)
Kaede: "So, about what happened at Christmas—"
Asuka: "...Uh."
I freeze. I’ve been feeling so curious. I’ve been really wanting to know, but... Now the subject is finally here, my body feels as if it’s paralyzed. I feel so scared that it’s all going to be over. Scared to hear the cruel conclusion.
Asuka: (Though I thought I could accept it all, if it meant Ms. Kaede’s happiness...)
I feel so uncool, so pathetic.
Asuka: "About that letter—"
Trying to act courageous, I take the initiative. I think I need to be the one to ask. When I ask about the letter, I’m really asking about the phone number at the bottom of it. There’s no way she didn’t contact her.
Asuka: "D-did you... call her?"
Ms. Kaede nods at my words.
Kaede: "Yes, I called her—"
I feel like a sword has been stabbed right through my heart.
Kaede: "I wonder how many years it had been since I had heard her. It was thanks to you, Asuka."
Asuka: (...Don’t say it so joyfully, for goodness’ sake...)
Kaede: "We ended up meeting each other after all this time, at the end of the year. —If it wasn’t for you, I would have just thrown the envelope away without even checking inside."
Kaede: "It was really thanks to you, Asuka. I’m so grateful to you, for urging me to read it."
Asuka: (Maybe I should have never given it back to her—)
Kaede: "Because it was thanks to you—"
Asuka: (Thanks to me—)
Kaede: "that we were able—"
Asuka: (that Ms. Kaede and her ex-girlfriend were able—)
to reunite again—
Kaede: "to properly bid each other farewell—"
Asuka: "Hahaha, congratulations! I really wish you two the best together—Huh?"
Kaede: "Huh?"
Huh? Did I mishear that?
Asuka: "Umm... So, you reunited with her, right?"
Kaede: "I didn’t say anything of the sort."
There’s a little bit of anger in her tone as she says this.
Kaede: "I said farewell to her properly. It was all thanks to you that I was able to do so."
Asuka: "That letter—"
Kaede: "I knew that you were hiding the resignation letter envelope from me, you see."
Asuka: (Whaaaa—aah!)
I’m screaming silently.
Asuka: "You knew? You really knew?"
Kaede: "Of course, but I had no idea that it contained that letter from my ex-girlfriend..."
Asuka: "..."
Kaede: "But because you returned it to me of your own free will, I—"
Asuka: (Uhh, what would have happened if I never gave it back while she knew I had it?)
Even imagining it...
Asuka: (No, no, let’s not go there!)
I vigorously shake my head. Because, that’s not what’s important right now. What’s important right now—
Asuka: "So, umm, that means that we’re still a couple—?"
Kaede: "Yes, at least that would be my intention... When I visited home, I even talked about you to my parents. I told them I had a girlfriend."
Asuka: "Wha-at!?"
Kaede: "They all wanted to meet you. My parents, my sister, and my grandmother too."
Asuka: (Oh, I’m so sorry, prejudging you all as a bunch of snooty snobs!)
...Oh my!
Kaede: "So please do your best at school. Because they won’t approve of a nurse who can’t do her job."
Asuka: "...Ms. Kaede, I’ll need your help."
Kaede: "Yes, of course."
She looks so reliable as she smiles at me like that. I can’t sense a single blemish on her. It might be a bit egocentric to say this, but... There’s nothing that could make me happier than to know that my existence is bringing light to Ms. Kaede’s journey. Anyhow...
Asuka: "Hehe... I feel pretty relieved."
Kaede: "Hehe."
Ms. Kaede laughs bashfully. I feel so utterly relieved that I could just collapse to the ground.
Kaede: "You’re so adorable... Asuka."
Oh wow!
Kaede: "And also, you do tend to jump to unwarranted conclusions."
Oh wow! (Though that wasn’t exactly what I wanted to hear.)
Asuka: (Well, but, it’s okay. It’s all okay now.)
Because I feel so happy! The fact that it’s okay for me to imagine a future with Ms. Kaede! I’m so happy! I almost cannot contain it! So...
Asuka: (—Yes!)
It’s been such a long time, that we just have to do this!
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede?"
I look right into her eyes. She looks a little puzzled at first, but she immediately smiles and looks back into my eyes. My heart is melting.
Asuka: (Ms. Kaede—)
Kaede: (Asuka...)
It’s been such a long time.
Asuka: (Ms... Kaede—)
Kaede: (Asuka—)
When we’re looking into each other’s eyes like this, it’s as if the whole outer world disappears.
Asuka: (Ms...)
Kaede: (Asu...)
Asuka: (Kaede—)
Kaede: (ka—)
Things seem to be even more intense than ever before—
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede!"
Kaede: "Asuka!"
We melt together into an embrace.
Asuka: (...She smells so nice...) Well, it just so happened that a student was passing by the archive room right at this time. The next day, the school’s horror story of ‘The Crying Girl in the Archive Room’ was replaced by a new one. Its name: ‘The Crazy Couple in the Archive Room.’ That’s all I have to say about that.
====================scr00711.kgo====================
This must be a miracle of love. Time passes by, and we’re now in the autumn of my second year— It’s the time of the Capping Ceremony, which we were only allowed to watch from the sidelines last year, as first year students.  This year, it’s finally our turn. Is this the finish line? No, I feel rather that I’ve finally made it to the starting line. The curtains in the hall are closed, and a solemn atmosphere fills the area. We’re sitting in a line in front of the platform, and just like we had been last year, the first year students are sitting in a line behind us.
Kaede: "Itsuki Amato."
Itsuki: "Yes!"
Ms. Kaede calls our names one by one through the microphone, for us to rise to the platform. The principal places a nurse’s cap on our heads... And after receiving a small plate for the candle service, we receive the flame from the big candle which is held by the Nightingale statue. After this, we get in line on the far end of the platform.
Kaede: "Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Yes!"
Ms. Kaede calls my name, and I rise to the platform.
Asuka: (I’ve finally made it to this point.)
Though I know it’s merely the beginning and not the end, I’m still deeply moved. I can’t help it. The nurse’s cap is placed on my head, and I receive the small plate for the candle service.
Kaede: "Nao Osachi."
Nao: "Yes!"
After me, Nao’s name is called. In a calm manner, she rises to the platform. Having received the flame from the Nightingale statue, I take my place next to Miss Itsuki and face ahead. Even Miss Itsuki has a serious look on her face on this occasion. The students’ names are called one after another, but... Miss Sakuya’s name is never called.
Asuka: (I wish Miss Sakuya could have been here with us.)
For a moment, this thought crosses my mind. As Miss Sakuya told me herself last year, she’s still taking time off, and she hasn’t been to school ever since....It’s really too bad. All the second year students have now been called by Ms. Kaede, so we’re all standing on the platform. There’s something ethereal and beautiful about the line of flickering flames on top of the platform. And then.
Kaede: "The Nightingale Pledge ."
The Nightingale Pledge, which I merely listened to last year...
Asuka: "I solemnly pledge before God and in the presence of this assembly..."
By the way... What did I mean before when I said this was a ‘miracle of love’? Well...
Kaede: "And now, some words from the principal."
The Nightingale Pledge is followed by a long-winded speech by the school principal, and after that, there’s a greeting from the students’ representative. This is intended as an expression of our commitment going forward.
Kaede: "Next is the students’ representative—Asuka Osachi."
Asuka: "Yes."
...Exactly. I was chosen as the students’ representative. This wasn’t just chosen by Ms. Kaede, but by the whole school council and the principal, so it wasn’t a matter of favoritism. Ever since that time, I’ve been putting so much effort into school that I even ended up being voted as the students’ representative!  That kind of effort— that must have been the miracle of love.
Asuka: (I am Ms. Kaede’s girlfriend after all.)
In order to be able to say that, and to be proud of it, I had to do better. I stand up from the line and take the principal’s place in front of the microphone. For a moment - for just a single moment -
Asuka: "—"
I glance at Ms. Kaede.
Kaede: "—(Smile)"
Though faintly, she smiles at me, putting me at ease. That gives me all the strength I need. I stand in front of the microphone and put the small plate of the candle service down. I make a little bow and take a little breath in and out. And then, I speak into the microphone.
Asuka: "Hello everyone. When I entered this school, I was a terrible student —"
Nao: "Sis, your speech was amazing!"
Asuka: "Well, thanks."
Itsuki: "Who would have expected to ever see Dummy Girl up there. The world can always surprise you."
Asuka: "Hehe, that’s because I’m the type of girl that can get a lot done, once I’ve set my sights on it."
Sakuya: "Doesn’t that mean you didn’t have your sights set on anything while you were still in high school?"
Asuka: "A-ahaha..."
Miss Sakuya is still taking a break from school, so I was surprised to see her after the Capping Ceremony . She was so kind to drop by.
Young Student A: "Excuse me."
Suddenly, someone approaches me.
Asuka: "Yes?"
Young Student B: "Miss Osachi, would you mind if we took a picture with you?"
Young Student A: "You were really cool during the Capping Ceremony !"
Young Student C: "Oh, me too, me too! I want to have a picture with you!"
I suddenly find myself surrounded by first year students. Is this what it means to be chosen as the students’ representative? I’m a little shocked.
Sakuya: "It looks like you’ve been surpassed, Itsuki."
Itsuki: "Tell me about it. Well, I’ll turn things around in no time."
Nao: "I’m not exactly sure how to feel about this."
Young Student B: "Umm, Miss Osachi, is it really true that you are dating Ms. Ohara?"
As someone suddenly asks me this, I reply with a smile and a sense of pride.
Asuka: "Yes, it’s true. I’m her girlfriend, and she’s very precious to me."
Oh my, what a choir of shrieks. The same night.
Asuka: "Hmm, so this is— like that...."
I’m alone at Ms. Kaede’s house, doing my homework. I’ve already gotten completely used to spending my time here. I’ve actually been spending the nights here pretty often as well (sorry Nao), so it has almost started feeling like my home base. And for this reason, too, I need to do my best with my studies all the more.
Asuka: (She even told me she’d drag me back to the dorm if my grades were to drop...)
That’s Nao for you. I glance at the clock in the room.
Asuka: "...Ms. Kaede is pretty late today."
As a matter of fact, Ms. Kaede’s work volume has been steadily increasing recently, so she must be having a tough time. Still, it means that Ms. Kaede is doing her best as well. Ms. Kaede and I went public with our relationship, and we were told that we were free to do as we like, as long as it didn’t interfere with my studies or her job. I’m happy the principal is so broad-minded. In fact, we’re performing better than ever, because we feel like people are always watching over our shoulder. And thanks to that, Ms. Kaede and I—
Asuka: "We’ve really turned into a couple of model students."
Who would have thought that I’d be giving a speech as the students’ representative at the Capping Ceremony ?
Asuka: "Oh, but Ms. Kaede isn’t a student, so I can’t call us a couple of model students. How about ‘elite couple’ then?"
Asuka: "Whah, it might be a little weird to call myself that. But I suppose the same goes for ‘model student’—"
And just as I’m muttering all these things to myself.
Kaede: "I’m home!"
Ms. Kaede is back. She looks at me and all my study materials spread open across the table.
Kaede: "Hehe, looks like you’re working hard."
Asuka: "Welcome home, Ms. Kaede."
Kaede: "Asuka, you did a really good job at the Capping Ceremony ."
Asuka: "Haha, I got surrounded by first year girls afterwards."
Kaede: "Did you, now? Hehe."
Asuka: "You must have worked a lot too today, since you’re home so late."
Kaede: "Yes, I had to prepare tests for the first year students. Well, in fact, I haven’t finished yet, so I had to bring my work home. I’m sorry."
Asuka: "I see. It’s no problem. I still have to write my report too."
So we spend the night like that at Ms. Kaede’s home. Though I think it’s really great... It doesn’t feel unusual anymore to spend the night with her like that. And then.
Asuka: "Hmm..."
Kaede: "—"
We’re both focused on our own work. One hour.
Asuka: "And then, this goes..."
Kaede: "—"
Two hours.
Asuka & Kaede: "...(Silence)"
Three hours.
Asuka: "Oh, it’s already past two..."
I notice that three hours have passed without either of us having said a word to each other.
Kaede: "Huh, oh, you’re right. I just finished, though..."
Asuka: "I’ve almost finished my report too."
Kaede: "We’ll have to go to sleep once you’re done. Because tomorrow is a new day. You have hospital training tomorrow, don’t you?"
Asuka: "Yes, I’ll need to get some proper rest."
The Capping Ceremony has only just finished, and we’re already having hospital training tomorrow. Things are finally getting serious. Yes, we are really a model student and teacher, elite, workaholic couple. And because I’m a student dating a teacher, it’s very important for me to keep proper discipline, and to prioritize my school work above all else. It’s for the sake of a bright future as well.
Asuka: "Oh, right, Ms. Kaede? About my report..."
Kaede: "Yes?"
Asuka: "There’s something I’m not exactly sure about. Would you mind taking a look?"
Kaede: "Sure, I don’t mind."
As she says this, she leans over and looks at the report sheet in front of me.
Kaede: "Where?"
Asuka: "This part—"
I show her with my finger.
Kaede: "Oh, I see—"
Ms. Kaede reaches out with her finger as well.
Asuka: "..."
—Our fingers touch.
Kaede: "..."
Ms. Kaede is looking at my report, while our fingers are still as they are. Still touching...
Asuka: "—"
I breathe in and out. My breathing has become a little faster than before.
Kaede: "—"
Ms. Kaede’s breathing has also become quicker.
Asuka: "—"
Kaede: "—"
We don’t speak a single word....We entangle our fingers and connect our hands together like lovers do. Deep breaths, the almost audible beating of our hearts.
Asuka: "—"
Kaede: "—"
We look into each other’s eyes. I feel almost as if... the air in between us has the taste of nectar.
Asuka: (Ms. Kaede and I are lovers. We’re a couple.)
Model student? Perfect teacher? Elite? Workaholics?
Asuka: (No, nothing of that.)
Kaede: "Asuka—"
Ms. Kaede gently pushes me over. Feeling Ms. Kaede’s weight on my body feels so nice!
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede..."
My lips are covered by hers.
Asuka: (I’m about to explode...)
My body is about to explode with overflowing emotions.
Asuka: "I love you, Ms. Kaede. I really love you."
Kaede: "Me too, Asuka. I love you too—"
Asuka: (I’m about to explode! The love inside of me is just too big to keep in!)
So I kiss her, again and again. The remainder of my report, as well as tomorrow’s training have disappeared from my mind. They might just as well have disappeared from the face of the earth as far as I’m concerned. Feeling Ms. Kaede so close to me is so fulfilling to both my mind and body. Are we a model couple, elite couple, or workaholic couple?
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede, I love you, I love you, I love you—"
No, we’re not. I know what we are. And I don’t mind saying it. I’ll shout it from the rooftops... Let the whole world hear!
Asuka: (We are just a sweet, loving couple—!)
Because after all, that’s true love!
====================scr00712.kgo====================
—I let go of the envelope.
Asuka: (I just can’t do it.)
Asuka: "...Uh."
Kaede: "Asuka?"
I just can’t return the envelope to her! I don’t want to show her that letter! It’s just too scary!
Asuka: "Oh, never mind, I’m sorry. I prepared something, but... it looks like I forgot to bring it."
Kaede: "Oh."
Asuka: "Ahaha, it wasn’t anything special anyway."
Kaede: "Hehe, I’m not sure if I believe that."
Ms. Kaede smiles wryly.
Kaede: "So, here is my present to you. Here you go!"
Ms. Kaede hands me a cute scarf as she says this.
Asuka: "Oh wow, did you knit this by hand—?"
Kaede: "Unfortunately not. I’m afraid I don’t have the skills to do that kind of thing."
Asuka: "Oh, I’m so happy! I’ll give you my present next time."
Kaede: "Sure."
Ms. Kaede nods at me with a smile, and I smile back. —When suddenly... Rumble, rumble. My stomach’s needs are making themselves heard.
Asuka: "Uhh."
I press my stomach. Well, we did walk a lot today. Ms. Kaede looks at me.
Kaede: "Hehe, why don’t we have dinner together at a restaurant before going home?"
Of course, I don’t have any objections to that.
Kaede: "...Well, let’s go then."
And... I don’t realize it until after dinner, until after saying goodbye to Ms. Kaede. I don’t realize it until I’ve come home to the dorm.
Asuka: "...It’s gone."
I’m looking inside my bag. It was definitely in there, since I touched it while I was standing in front of Ms. Kaede.
Asuka: "It’s not there anymore—"
For a moment, I ask myself where it could have gone. But my question is immediately answered.
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede must have taken it!"
There’s no other possibility. But, if that’s the case...
Asuka: "...Then she must have known. She must have known that I had her envelope."
Could she have known, while acting that she didn’t? But why? Could it have been that...?
Asuka: (Could she have been waiting for me to return it?)
Maybe she had been waiting for me the whole time to bring it up, without pursuing it herself.
Asuka: (Oh, I see. So that’s what happened.)
The fact that the envelope disappeared from my bag without giving it back to her myself...
Asuka: (I see, I see. That’s what happened. So that’s how it was—)
 I understand the situation. It’s strange how I understand it so quickly, when I’m usually quite the blockhead. I’m certain about it. Yes, there’s no mistake.
Asuka: (I failed to win over Ms. Kaede’s heart.)
But my own heart is feeling strange calm....And just as I had imagined... Ms. Kaede has reunited with her ex-girlfriend. And the seasons go on changing— I find myself waking up at 4 AM.
Asuka: "(Yawn)..."
I open my mouth for a little yawn as I’m lying in bed. Lying next to me, Ms. Kaede is breathing in a steady sleeping rhythm.
Asuka: (Why did I wake up so early...?)
I wonder why. I get out of bed to go to the toilet. Or at least, I try to.
Asuka: "Uhh... it’s so cold."
I forgot that I was sleeping naked. Morning temperatures during autumn are pretty chilly for the naked skin. 
Asuka: (I see. I ended up falling asleep yesterday, after doing... all of those things with Ms. Kaede...)
Asuka: "Where are my pajamas..."
I slowly reach out my hand. My pajamas are next to my pillow. I pull them back under the covers. I manage to squirm myself into them while still under the sheets. I’d feel bad for Ms. Kaede if I woke her up, but she’s looking sound asleep....Good. I slip out from the covers, for real this time. As I look at Ms. Kaede, I notice that she’s properly wearing her pajamas, or her tracksuit, rather.
Asuka: "That’s strange, because I remember wishing her sweet dreams."
...While we were still both naked. Well, I suppose that means that when I was already asleep, Ms. Kaede slipped out of bed once to put her tracksuit on....I wouldn’t have minded if she had said something.
Asuka: "Ah well. —Oh."
Just as I incidentally lower my eyes, I discover little scratch marks on my chest, just above my pajama top....Ms. Kaede must have left these marks. With her nails.
Asuka: (Hehe, these kind of things make me really happy... I wonder if that makes me kinky.)
I know Ms. Kaede has this tendency. Especially when she’s been busy with work. When she’s got a lot of pent up stress.
Asuka: (I must have marks on my back as well, where I can’t see them—)
As I’m thinking these things to myself...
Asuka: "Oh right, I was going to the toilet."
Reminded of why I got out of bed, I head to the toilet. I return to the room and get back under the sheets.
Asuka: "Oh, right, I forgot."
I pick up my smartphone while still under the sheets. I open the calendar, making sure the light isn’t shining in Ms. Kaede’s direction. I think for a moment, and then touch yesterday’s date. I touch the registration button and place a heart mark on yesterday’s date.
Asuka: (—Okay, good.)
I’ve been doing this ever since I first spent time with Ms. Kaede like this....It’s so cheesy that I haven’t told anyone about it.
Asuka: (It’s even a secret from Ms. Kaede. Well, it’s really embarrassing, after all.)
Asuka: "I guess... it’s been about a year."
I slide the calendar up to check back in time. There’s been on average about one heart mark per week, and three at maximum.
Asuka: (I’m not getting bored with her at all. I’m not bored at all. On the contrary, I just want more...)
It’s amazing. It really think that’s amazing. 
Asuka: (We really do have good compatibility, me and Ms. Kaede. It makes me feel so happy.)
Asuka: "Ehehe."
...Oh, just to be clear, let me repeat myself. Ms. Kaede did reunite with her ex-girlfriend. After Christmas last year. I fall asleep with my smartphone still in hand— When I wake up, Ms. Kaede isn’t lying in bed anymore.
Asuka: "...Ms. Kaede?"
I lazily drag myself upright. I don’t see her in the room either... But then, I hear the sound of footsteps coming this way from the hallway. Ms. Kaede opens the door and enters the room.
Kaede: "Oh, you’re awake? Good morning, Asuka."
Asuka: "Good morning, Ms. Kaede."
She’s already dressed to go to school.
Asuka: "You already got yourself ready? You’re so early this morning."
Kaede: "I forgot there was a staff meeting this morning. I need to hurry up."
Asuka: "I see."
Kaede: "You can come to school at your own pace. Just put the key in the usual spot."
Asuka: "Yes, I will."
Ms. Kaede has already entered ‘work’ mode, so there’s no trace left of last night’s atmosphere. Absentmindedly, I’m watching from the bed as Ms. Kaede is moving busily through the room, getting ready to go. I kind of feel like calling out to her.
Asuka: "Yesterday was pretty intense, wasn’t it?"
Kaede: "—!?"
Ms. Kaede’s face instantly turns red.
Kaede: "Oh come on, don’t talk about that. It’s so embarrassing."
Asuka: "Ahaha, but you’re so adorable when you’re embarrassed."
Kaede: "Don’t tease me like that."
There’s a frown on her forehead, and she looks slightly troubled.
Kaede: "Okay then, I have to go."
Asuka: "Okay, see you. Oh, right, when can we meet next?"
Kaede: "—Huh? Oh, yes..."
Ms. Kaede seems to be thinking about it. When we can ‘meet’...? If it were just ‘meeting’ each other, in fact, we see each other almost every day at school....But that’s not what I mean. I’m talking about private time like this. I’m talking about spending special time with her, like last night.
Asuka: (How many days should I wait this time?)
Kaede: "Well, I’m pretty busy with school these days—"
Asuka: "Yes, I know."
Kaede: "And I also have plans to go and see ‘her’, so it might not be for a while."
Go see ‘her’. That means...
Asuka: "You’re going to see your girlfriend?"
Kaede: "Yeah."
It might be difficult to explain the current situation between me, Ms. Kaede and her girlfriend....Or I guess it’s not that difficult. Ms. Kaede went back into a relationship with ‘her’, but even so, I still wanted to spend time with Ms. Kaede.  So we chose having merely a physical relationship.
Asuka: (The time we do spend together, Ms. Kaede is looking only at me.)
Asuka: (And I’m looking only at her.)
Asuka: (That’s enough. Even if it’s only a physical relationship, and her heart isn’t in it.)
Asuka: (As long as I can feel Ms. Kaede close to me— I feel happy.)
There was only one condition. That I mustn’t be possessive.
Kaede: "I’ll be going then."
Ms. Kaede leaves the room.
Kaede: "You do still have some time, but be careful not to be late to class."
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede..."
Kaede: "...?"
I stop her. Huh, I wonder why? I wonder why I did that. I could have just waved her out with a smile on my face. What I should really do right now... What I should do is act like an adult, and act as if last night never happened.
Asuka: (That’s all there is to it, but—)
Asuka: "Ms. Kaede..."
Kaede: "Yes, Asuka?"
Asuka: "Please give me a kiss before you go."
Kaede: "Huh?"
Asuka: "I would really like that."
I’ve never said this to her in the morning. Because... Night has already passed, and that’s the only time when Ms. Kaede is mine—
Kaede: "...Hm."
Ms. Kaede is looking at me. I can’t read from her eyes what she’s thinking. Maybe she’s upset that I broke the rule. The rule of not being possessive. But then, Ms. Kaede speaks.
Kaede: "Alright then."
Ms. Kaede comes to me. As I’m still sitting on the bed in my sleep-wear, she gently pushes me down on the bed.
Asuka: (Oh, it feels so good when Ms. Kaede touches me—)
And then, Ms. Kaede slowly brings her face closer to mine.
Kaede: "Hm..."
Asuka: "—Mmm."
We kiss each other. —Though I’ve already lost count of how many times we’ve kissed, her kisses are still so sweet, even now. I feel as if I’m about to melt. It’s making me feel so fuzzy, happy and warm.
Asuka: (Huh? But, why...)
It’s strange.
Asuka: "...Hm."
It was a sugar sweet kiss with Ms. Kaede, so it should have satisfied me.
Asuka: (Oh no, why is this happening?)
Why do I...?
Asuka: (Why do I feel so much like crying—?)
I feel like a child that’s lost her mother.
====================scr00801.kgo====================
But why—...?
Asuka: "Hmm, I don’t know. Maybe I’m just fickle?"
There is no answer to the questions I’ve been asking myself since last night. I head to school, following the routine I’ve been following up until yesterday. I spend the day in the same way I always spend my days. Something seemed like it might be about to change, but in the end, everything’s still the same. The days pass by. —And again, one night. I’m lying in bed. I’ve opened the picture book before exchanging goodnights with Nao. It’s been a long time since I’ve picked it up. ‘ The Girl who Chased Stars ’. It’s the picture book that made me decide to apply for nursing school in the first place. The scribble on the last page: ‘I’m gonna be a nurse!’
Asuka: "Hmm..."
I’m flipping through the pages. "What must you do to catch a star?"
The story starts off with this enigmatic line. It’s the story of a girl who travels through the world of stars, in search of her very own ‘star’. And in the end... Well, the story ends in a vague way, without making it clear whether the girl was able to find her star. There’s just this last sentence, along with a picture of the girl continuing her journey. ‘I wonder, has the girl found her star?’
Asuka: (I guess this ambiguity was intentional...)
I close the book with a flop and hear Nao’s voice from the upper bed.
Nao: "Isn’t it time to say good night, sis?"
Asuka: "Yeah, you’re right."
Nao: "Good night, sis."
Asuka: "Good night, Nao."
I don’t remember it all that well. But I feel as if that night, I met the girl in my dream. The traveling girl from the picture book.
Girl: "Where would your star be?"
Asuka: "...I don’t know."
Girl: "Really? Do you really have any intention of finding it?"
Asuka: "Yes, I do... I guess. Probably—"
But it feels like it won’t be that easy. And I don’t like things that require hard work. I just lazily let myself go with the flow. The sound of my alarm—
Asuka: "Ahh... I feel like I just had a pretty weird dream..."
Nao: "~♪"
Waking up, it’s just the usual morning. I hear Nao humming from the kitchen, and my nostrils catch the delicious smells of breakfast. —And I forget all about the dream.
====================scr00802.kgo====================
And the seasons keep on turning...
Kaede: "The Nightingale Pledge ."
Ms. Ohara’s voice resounds throughout the auditorium. Being second year students, it’s the time of our Capping Ceremony . We’re all holding candles while standing in line on top of the platform. It’s beautiful to see the flickering flames in the slightly dark auditorium. I’m standing in line, and Nao, Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki are present as well. We were able to make it to the Capping Ceremony all together.
Asuka: "I solemnly pledge before God and in the presence of this assembly..."
Nao: "To pass my life in purity and to practice my profession faithfully."
Sakuya: "I shall abstain from whatever is deleterious and mischievous..."
Itsuki: "And shall not take or knowingly administer any harmful drug."
Asuka - Nao - Sakuya - Itsuki: "I will do all in my power to maintain and elevate the standard of my profession..."
Asuka - Nao - Sakuya - Itsuki: "And will hold in confidence all personal matters committed to my keeping..."
Asuka - Nao - Sakuya - Itsuki: "And all family affairs coming to my knowledge in the practice of my calling."
Asuka - Nao - Sakuya - Itsuki: "With loyalty will I aid the physician in his work..."
Asuka - Nao - Sakuya - Itsuki: "And I will dedicate myself to devoted service for human welfare."
Our voices reverberate throughout the auditorium. After the Capping Ceremony has ended, we go outside. Here and there, classmates have started gathering into groups to take pictures, including both second year and first year students. Miss Sakuya and Miss Itsuki are almost completely surrounded by first year students.
Asuka: "...They’re so popular."
I gaze at the two of them with admiration.
Asuka: "Do you think it might be too much to hope we could get a group picture?"
Nao: "Could be. Machi and Michi went straight home anyway."
Asuka: "...Those two really aren’t the sentimental type, are they?"
As we’re having this conversation, Ms. Ohara passes by.
Asuka: "Oh, Ms. Ohara!"
Kaede: "Oh, the Osachi sisters."
Asuka: "Ms. Ohara, would you please join us for a picture?"
Kaede: "Certainly. It would be my pleasure."
And like that, we take a picture together with Ms. Ohara. Although, of course... With Ms. Ohara being so popular among the students, she’s immediately approached by several others.
Nao: "What shall we do now, sis?"
Asuka: "Hmm—"
I give Nao some vague reply and look up at the sky.
Asuka: (My life as a nursing student has been smooth up to this point.)
Yes, I think that’s wonderful.
Asuka: (I’m getting along with everyone, and even though school is tough... it does give me a feeling of satisfaction.)
Yes, there’s me, taking things easy as always... There’s my sweet sister Nao... There’s Miss Sakuya, majestic and dignified... There’s Miss Itsuki, who’s always up to some mischief, which is sometimes a bit troublesome... And there’s my role model, Ms. Ohara.
Asuka: (I feel as if things will continue to go smoothly from here on.)
Yes, I think that’s wonderful. I do think it’s wonderful, but still... But still—
Asuka: "Why do I feel as if—"
Asuka: "...I’ve lost sight of my star?"
